Tell me about Berlin.
I'm not saying I don't like the idea of on-the-job training too, but you can't expect the company to do that. Training workers is not their job - they're building software. Perhaps educational systems in the U.S. (or their students) should worry a little about getting marketable skills in exchange for their massive investment in education, rather than getting out with thousands in student debt and then complaining that they aren't qualified to do anything.
So nothing preventing false ratings besides additional scrutiny from the market/investors, but there are some newer controls in place to prevent institutions from using them. Under the DFA banks can no longer solely rely on credit ratings as due diligence to buy a financial instrument, so that's a plus. The intent being that if financial institutions do their own leg work then *maybe* they'll figure out that a certain CDO is garbage or not.  Edit: lead in
You can never use a health FSA for individual health insurance premiums.  Moreover, FSA plan sponsors can limit what they are will to reimburse.  While you can't use a health FSA for premiums, you could previously use a 125 cafeteria plan to pay premiums, but it had to be a separate election from the health FSA. However, under N. 2013-54, even using a cafeteria plan to pay for indivdiual premiums is effectively prohibited.
Samsung created the LCD and other flat screen technology like OLED. a few years ago every flat screen came from Samsung factories and were reshelled. I think the 21 Hanns screen I am looking at now is Samsung and it is only a couple of years old. Samsung seem to be a good company.
Here are the SEC requirements: The federal securities laws define the term accredited investor in   Rule 501 of Regulation D as: a bank, insurance company, registered investment company, business development company, or small business investment company; an employee benefit plan, within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, if a bank, insurance company, or   registered investment adviser makes the investment decisions, or if   the plan has total assets in excess of $5 million; a charitable organization, corporation, or partnership with assets exceeding $5 million; a director, executive officer, or general partner of the company selling the securities; a business in which all the equity owners are accredited investors; a natural person who has individual net worth, or joint net worth with the person’s spouse, that exceeds $1 million at the time of the   purchase, excluding the value of the primary residence of such person; a natural person with income exceeding $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with a spouse exceeding $300,000 for   those years and a reasonable expectation of the same income level in   the current year; or a trust with assets in excess of $5 million, not formed to acquire the securities offered, whose purchases a sophisticated person makes. No citizenship/residency requirements.
"Only relevant to those with fantasy economy teams. Seriously, Rand's fictional works never translate well into reality because, no matter how hard people try, that ""fiction"" element just can't be ignored.  Test it yourself: Strip John Galt and his followers of everything they have which was created by or within the ""society"" they so revile, drop them in the desert -- and they'll all be dead of exposure and starvation in less than two weeks because they will be naked, without tools and without food.  The only reason the libertarians get away with pushing their tripe as a rational philosophy is because no one will point out what it is wrong with their thinking. Why? Well, for most of my lifetime, their ""philosophy"" was considered nuttery in line with the John Birchers and so why bother. It's only with the ascendency of these billionaire-funded politicians that this crap thinking has become acceptable, and even then, only to them."
Futures contracts are a member of a larger class of financial assets called derivatives. Derivatives are called such because their payoffs depend on the price of other assets (financial or real). Other kinds of derivatives are call options, put options. Fixed income assets that mimic the behavior of derivatives are callable bonds, puttable bonds etc.  A futures contract is a contract that specifies the following: Just like with any other contract, there are two parties involved. One party commits to delivering the underlying asset to the other party on expiration date in exchange for the futures price. The other party commits to paying the futures price in exchange for the asset. There is no price that any of the two parties pay upfront to engage in the contract. The language used is so that the agent committing to receiving the delivery of the underlying asset is said to have bought the contract. The agent that commits to make the delivery is said to have sold the contract.  So answer your question, buying on June 1 a futures contract at the futures price of $100, with a maturity date on August 1 means you commit to paying $100 for the underlying asset on August 1. You don't have to pay anything upfront. Futures price is simply what the contract prescribes the underlying asset will exchange hands for.
This month when you join Scentsy you get a free defuser with your kit!   This has never been done before.  You also get spring / summer and Fall / Winter testers plus all your kit items!    Be your own boss!  You choose what hours you work, when and where you work them.   Join my Scentsy family today!  [Amanda C. Robar Scentsy Business ](http://www.amandacrobar.scentsy.ca)
Whenever you pay or withdraw some fund from your account, paypal takes approx 3% of the current currency value along with the fees. i.e. If you are paying/withdraw 100 unit of US Dollars to British pounds and if the current convertion rate is 1$=0.82GBP, then consider reducing 3% of the actual currency rate. So, the approximate magnitude will be 0.82*97% (100-3=97) = 0.7954. So, 1$=0.7954GBP. This formula will not give you 100% accurate value but will help of course. Captain
So you asked him in 2010 how he was gong to compete with DVD rental distributors like Netflix (which is what Netflix primarily was at the time) and Lovefilm and you were surprised that he was he said they were going to continue to compete as a DVD rental distributor just like the mentioned competitors?
In the US, I would say the risk is exactly the same.  If your accounts are withing the FDIC amount (currently $250,000) your balance is 100% covered in case of a failure. You are giving up a larger network of ATMs in some cases.  You are also perhaps giving up the number of branches you can visit, the hours the bank is open and maybe how well the website works.  The features might be less, but the protection for your deposits is the same.
I don't know what the fee is, I just made up $5 as an example. It doesn't surprise me at all that Comcast is charging $20.  I don't really mind that I don't have on demand, it doesn't bother me. But after the disaster that CableCards were, there was no chance that tru2way was going to work if the industry had any say in it. They forced the failure of CableCards, and none of their reasons for opposing them went away.
"At any given moment, one can tally the numbers used for NAV. It's math, and little more. The Market Cap, which as you understand is a result of share value. Share value (stock price) is what the market will pay today for the shares. It's not only based on NAV today, but on future expectations. And expectations aren't the same for each of us. Which is why there are always sellers for the buyers of a stock, and vice-versa.  From your question, we agree that NAV can be measured, it's the result of adding up things that are all known. (For now, let's ignore things such as ""goodwill."") Rarely is a stock price simply equal to the NAV divided by the number of shares. Often, it's quite higher. The simplest way to look at it is that the stock price not only reflects the NAV, but investors' expectations looking into the future.  If you look for two companies with identical NAV per share but quite different share prices, you'll see that the companies differ in that one might be a high growth company, the other, a solid one but with a market that's not in such a growth mode."
Chinese suppliers can quote their price in CNY rather than USD (as has been typical), and thus avoid the exchange risk from US dollar volatility- the CNY has been generally appreciating so committing to receive payments in US dollars when their costs are in CNY means they are typically on the losing end of the equation and they have to pad their prices a bit.  Canadian importers will have to buy RMB (typically with CAD) to pay for their orders and Canadian exporters can take payment in RMB if they wish, or set prices in CAD. By avoiding the US dollar middleman the transactions are made less risky and incur less costs. Japan did this many decades ago (they, too, used to price their products in USD).  This is important in transactions of large amounts, not so much for the tiny amounts associated with tourism. Two-way annual trade between China and Canada is in excess of $70bn.  Of course Forex trading may greatly exceed the actual amounts required for trade- the world Forex market is at least an order of magnitude greater than size of real international trade. All that trading in currency and financial instruments means more jobs on Bay Street and more money flowing into a very vital part of the Canadian economy.  Recent article from the (liberal) Toronto Star here.
"I read the post.  I read what **they said** about it.   Yet, that part makes **no sense**.  They keep talking about ""only avilable to members of the Florida Bar"" but stop and think about how that doesn't make sense.  Are they in a *florida* court or in a *federal* court?  Or an IP/administrative setting?    Some things they wrote suggests they're in a *federal* court.  But others things suggest they're in an administrative court related to IP.  For example, they talk about needing an attorney who can represent them in the Trademark/IP courts.  That sounds like patent prosecution - but that's typically just about getting the patent/IP stuff in the first place - and not so much after-the-fact stuff.  But then again, I'm not at all familiar with the area so I could be way off base.  The problem is: I shouldn't have to be speculating so much because their story sucked.  But patent litigation (for infringement for example) as far as I was aware, occurs in traditional district courts and so far as I am aware you don't need a special trademark/ip exam to sue on it.  By contrast, patent *prosecution*, which is getting a patent through the offices, requires that the attorney take the USPTO exam - to become a 'patent' attorney.  [link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USPTO_registration_examination).  Federal courts, if that's where they are, typically use PACER ECF/CM (case management web portal).  Which, I'll have to assume is the system they are referring to.  https://www.pacer.gov/psco/cgi-bin/regform.pl  That's where anyone can fucking sign up for it.  Then they can look at dockets and all that jazz.  Maybe there's another system I'm not familiar with OR another system that I can't discern from the way they wrote the story.  But so far.  More BS or just confusing or wrong information.  This is why they should have hired a lawyer."
&gt; monopoly  &gt; names 3 giant companies who compete with each other in almost every industry possible  What happened to /economy :(. It used to be actual business minded people, now it's becoming another socialist echo chamber... Sad to see.
What happens would depend on company culture.  At the very least they could pass it on to their manager.  Or maybe the company just pays support staff by number of answered emails in which case you get the quickest pre-canned answer they can provide.  But the net effect is they will continue to lose to alternatives because of this issue.  They have been given customer feedback.  And their culture is to ignore it.  The results are self inflicted.
We write them off as cheap knock offs because that's what they are. They are no match when they come up against the superior technology of the US and her allies - they are only a threat when these countries use them against their own people to stifle dissent.
My super fund and I would say many other funds give you one free switch of strategies per year.  Some suggest you should change from high growth option to a more balance option once you are say about 10 to 15 years from retirement, and then change to a more capital guaranteed option a few years from retirement. This is a more passive approach and has benefits as well as disadvantages. The benefit is that there is not much work involved, you just change your investment option based on your life stage, 2 to 3 times during your lifetime. This allows you to take more risk when you are young to aim for higher returns, take a balanced approach with moderate risk and returns during the middle part of your working life, and take less risk with lower returns (above inflation) during the latter part of your working life. A possible disadvantage of this strategy is you may be in the higher risk/ higher growth option during a market correction and then change to a more balanced option just when the market starts to pick up again. So your funds will be hit with large losses whilst the market is in retreat and just when things look to be getting better you change to a more balanced portfolio and miss out on the big gains. A second more active approach would be to track the market and change investment option as the market changes. One approach which shouldn't take much time is to track the index such as the ASX200 (if you investment option is mainly invested in the Australian stock market) with a 200 day Simple Moving Average (SMA). The concept is that if the index crosses above the 200 day SMA the market is bullish and if it crosses below it is bearish. See the chart below:  This strategy will work well when the market is trending up or down but not very well when the market is going sideways, as you will be changing from aggressive to balanced and back too often. Possibly a more appropriate option would be a combination of the two. Use the first passive approach to change investment option from aggressive to balanced to capital guaranteed with your life stages, however use the second active approach to time the change. For example, if you were say in your late 40s now and were looking to change from aggressive to balanced in the near future, you could wait until the ASX200 crosses below the 200 day SMA before making the change. This way you could capture the majority of the uptrend (which could go on for years) before changing from the high growth/aggressive option to the balanced option. If you where after more control over your superannuation assets another option open to you is to start a SMSF, however I would recommend having at least $300K to $400K in assets before starting a SMSF, or else the annual costs would be too high as a percentage of your total super assets.
"&gt; You do realize that investors are protected from being sued right?  Not usually, no. If the investor is a partner in the company then they're just as responsible for the debts of their business as any other partner. If they're just a capital investor with no interest in the company business then sure - you can't sue them. But then my contract wouldn't be with them, would it?  &gt; So if the company you work for tanks, you can sue them, but they don't have any money so what do you expect to get?  The registered owners of the company can also be held liable for it's debts if it's a corporation. Or you can always just have them sign as guarantor for your back pay.  And don't say ""Nobody will ever do that!!"", because if your service is valuable enough then **YES THEY WILL**. I've pushed for a personal liability guarantee from a company owner before and got it."
"So you're basically saying that average market fluctuations have an affect on individual stocks, because individual stocks are often priced in relation to the growth of the market as a whole?  Also, what kinds of investments would be considered ""risk free"" in this nomenclature?"
US government bonds are where money goes when the markets are turbulent and investors are fleeing from risk, and that applies even if the risk is a downgrade of the US credit rating, because there's simply nowhere else to put your money if you're in search of safety. Most AAA-rated governments have good credit ratings because they don't borrow much money (and most of them also have fairly small economies compared with the US), meaning that there's poor liquidity in their scarce bonds.
Nonsense. In places where people have most kids, it doesn't matter how expensive baby care products are because most babies are born where they aren't used nearly as much, or at all. Sure, making them more expensive will help having less children in the first world, but that would change squat WRT the total number.
Either way the govt is going to get to a breaking point and it's going to be shitty and miserable until they get there (and obviously when they get there it will get worse before it gets better). This bond trade just prolongs the shitty/miserableness even longer. Who knows how many more people will die from govt sponsored thugs and hunger because this trade pushed the breaking point out a few months/years?
Yeah, I instinctively knew that the Middle East probably wouldn't be it, even without knowing jack about finance. So, Europe-wise, we're looking at Frankfurt and London, then?   As for Asia, what about Hong Kong? Given that it is already becoming a center for instrumentation between different financial systems and its close proximity to Southeast Asia (also, it is part of the PRC allowing for direct access to China, yet doesn't operate according to the same restrictions that Shanghai would under the Two Countries, One System deal), do you see that as a future major hub for Islamic finance? Or will it all be crowded into Singapore?
"As long as the losing business is not considered ""passive activity"" or ""hobby"", then yes. Passive Activity is an activity where you do not have to actively do anything to generate income. For example - royalties or rentals. Hobby is an activity that doesn't generate profit. Generally, if your business doesn't consistently generate profit (the IRS looks at 3 out of the last 5 years), it may be characterized as hobby. For hobby, loss deduction is limited by the hobby income and the 2% AGI threshold."
No no - Casual dining restaurants have a business model that is increasingly obsolete, and rather than trying to adapt to changing market conditions, they're just blaming those dang kids.  Sorry, but it's the market - if your product is bad, you won't succeed. Blame the market all you want, but it won't make a shred of difference.
The only reason I can think of would be if you were convinced that you couldn't hold on to your money. Treasury Bonds are often viewed as very safe investments, and often used in some situations where cash isn't appropriate.. Also, they typically have a somewhat patriotic theme, helping your country to grow. In addition, many people don't really pay attention to the rate of the bonds, but are just investing in them. The more people investing in them, the lower the yields become. But the bottom line is, I would invest in a savings account any day over a negative interest rate... And it looks like I'm in good company as well, a quick study of reports seems to indicate that these are a very bad investment...
I'm in both markets and there are a lot of factors.  Distribution costs in NY are ridiculously high.   Different states have different generation mixes, access to fuel, different regulatory costs, different taxes, different availability of green/renewable energy as well as different mandates, different types of restructuring (TX is fully restructured; NY was only partially restructured and the market has been a total mess -- they're thinking about going back to a fully-regulated model).   For business customers, my biggest pieces of advice are:  1. Energy Audits and, if applicable, reviews of your processes/equipment/whatever to ensure you're not using unnecessary energy or causing unnecessary peaks in demand; 2. Do not sign exclusivity/letter of authorization/power of attorney with a broker -- see what prices they can get you, and then shop around yourself, and if you go through a broker, make sure they tell you as part of the contract how much the supplier is paying them per kWh/therm; 3. Review your usage history (including demand) for at least the past 12 months and then compare to the utility tariff you're being served under -- do anything possible to avoid demand charges and make damn sure you're utility hasn't put you/left you in a demand charge-carrying class if you don't actually qualify for it.  I'll be happy to share more if anyone is interested.
First, to answer the question.  The benefit of a 401k is that you don't have to pay income tax on the money contributed nor do you pay capital gains tax on the money that accumulates.  You get that with the restriction that you can't willy nilly remove and contribute money to the account (and you are taxed on withdrawals, more severely if you do it before you are 65).  Similar sorts of restrictions apply to all retirement accounts which give tax benefits.  Now, for the 7000 not providing benefit.  Assuming a very modest 4% growth, over 40 years 7000 becomes 34,671. Not something to sneeze at (inflation, risk reward, blah, blah, blah, it is less than it looks, but 4% is really pretty low, the stock market averages anywhere from 7-&gt;10% and IIRC the bond market is somewhere around 5%).  Now, certainly, to avoid bankruptcy you should withdraw.  However, if it is possible, you will be best served by keeping the money in your 401k account.  The penalties and lost earning opportunities are pretty significant.  /u/BeatArmy99 [has the numbers](http://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/2ct0qy/why_cant_i_access_my_401k_if_its_my_money/cjiorl7) for how much you lose by doing an early withdraw.  Don't do this lightly and I would suggest avoiding cashing out the whole thing if you can.
"the truth from the 'horse mouth"" - and no he's NOT alt-right, as he's painted by political interests from all sides....  Well, updates and flashnews: 1. Google pontificating on diversity and women's equality: Sergei Brin divorced after cheating on his high achieving brilliant wife with a junior staffer. Guess who left the company after it was found out? 2. Eric Schmidt - rumour has it he likes to ""party"" - a lot! Good that Google ""leadership"" is keeping silent on this issue.  2. Diversity and equality.....https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/aug/08/google-women-discrimination-class-action-lawsuit  So they are definitely NOT putting their money where their mouth is....  Alt-right are not nice, and often come across as plain stupid. At least they don't reek of this putrid Tartuffe-esque hypocrisy like they left wing counterparts."
The details of the 401(k) are critical to the decision. A high cost (the expenses charged within the) 401(k) - I would deposit only to the match, and I'd be sure to get the entire match offered. In which case, that $3000 might be good to have available if you start out with a tight budget.  Low cost 401(k) w/match - a no-brainer, deposit what you can afford. Roth 401(k) w/match - same rules for expenses apply, with the added note to use Roth when getting started and in a lower bracket.  Yes, it makes sense to have both.  You should note, depositing to the Roth now is riskless. The account, not the investment. If you decide next year you didn't want it, you can withdraw the deposit with no penalty or tax. Edit to respond to updated question - there are two pieces to the Roth deposit issue. The deposit itself, which puts the $3000 earned income into tax sheltered account, and the choice to invest. These two are sequential and you can take your time in between. I'm not sure what you mean by the dividend timing. In an IRA or 401(k) the dividend isn't taxed, so it's a non-issue. In a cash account, you might quickly have a small tax issue, but this doesn't come into the picture in the tax deferred accounts.
Depending on what state you live in in the United States, your Canadian brokerage may be able to sell products within the existing RRSP.  I have an RRSP in Canada through TD Waterhouse and they infact just sent me a recent letter explaining that they are permitted to service my Canadian RRSP under the laws of Tennessee (where I live).  The note went on to specifically state that they are not subject to the broker-dealer regulations of the US or the securities/regulations laws on the TN securities act.  Furthermore, they state that Canadian RRSPs are not regulated under the securities laws of the US and the securities offered and sold to Canadian plans are exempt from registration with the SEC.  When I call TD to do trades, I just ask for a Canada/US broker and that's who enters the sale for me.  I declare my RRSP annually both to IRS under RRSP treaty and through FBAR reporting.
Various networking Companies use 192.168.0.1 IP address to access their admin page. We solve issues related to this IP address such as 192.168.0.1 login my account issue, 192.168.0.1 the page cannot be displayed etc. Feel free to contact us through live chat window.
It seems like their main problem is not hiring - clearly they've hired some bright technical people.  It just seems like the iPhone and Android came along and management refused to admit that the new platforms were going to compete with the Blackberry and its ecosystem.
Best job you could get was working for the government.  Pension isn't as good now, but they still have one. And your healthcare is covered.  Sacrifice some money while working to pay into those things.  Won't be rich, but you'll be far from poor.  And can live a satisfying life even if you are sole income for household.  If you have a spouse that works, you are fucking set.
"Ya it definitely helps, however it's not a must.  Being a good leader is more about getting the right team together than being a visionary in technology or something of that sort. I think understanding technology is on the ""wants"" side of the equation, not the ""needs"" for when it comes to a great CEO, that's why the team aspect is what matters most in my mind. A great CEO will build a strong team around him or her and fill in for any missing skillsets he or she is lacking."
I was actually thinking of doing both, I already have a one sided card, I was thinking of doing an additional 2 sided, however, the single sided that I already have is more of a networking/advertising card that I post in random locations, and the new one will be my business contact card, maybe I will end up with three designs. Thanks for your tips!
Hmmmm, 1 or 2, yeah, maybe they were not a good fit for one reason or another. but 5?? Really, you gotta start thinking that maybe, just maybe, there's a chance that's Trump's the problem. #justsayin'  is all.
"Based on the conversations in the comments, I believe a pragmatic solution would be the best immediate course of action, while still working on the long term addiction issues. The first step is to get your husband to agree to give you all of his credit cards and let you manage the money for a set period of time, say 3 months, to see how it goes. (In my experience people are more likely to agree to being uncomfortable for a finite period of time, rather than indefinitely.) Step 2 is to provide him a means for making purchases on his own, but with a limited budget. Here are some examples: Perhaps a combination of the above options would work best. Another thing to consider is to set up alerts with your bank so that you are notified of certain purchases (or all) that are made by your husband. This varies by bank, but nowadays most will allow you to receive text/email immediately when the purchase happens, and can be set to certain amounts or categories. There is a definite psychological difference between, ""If I buy this, my spouse will find out at the end of the month and berate me."" and ""If I buy this, my spouse is going to run in here in 30 seconds and berate me."" The latter might actually be a deterrent on its own, and you may likely have the opportunity to undo the purchase if you wish to. As a side note, it's important to realize that the above suggestions are still allowing for some limited amount of enabling and temptation to occur. If the addiction is such that it is hazardous to one's health (for example drugs or alcohol addiction), then I don't believe this would be the best course of action. These suggestions are based on my impression that the biggest concern at the moment is financial, and I believe these ideas help to mitigate that. Good luck."
"I just can't come around to calling it ""taking advantage of"" when the means to act on them was put into existence knowingly. It's like saying you took advantage of the highway by travelling at, and not less than, the posted speed limit."
I suspect this is done at least in part in response to [this review by Edmunds](http://www.edmunds.com/tesla/model-s/2013/long-term-road-test/wrap-up.html) and a [similar one by Consumer Reports](http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/news/2014/08/consumer-reports-tesla-model-s-has-more-than-its-share-of-problems/index.htm) where they describe the number of problems Tesla had over 1 year of ownership.  Esp in the Edmunds review, if you scroll down part way down the article, you'll see the number of powertrain part replacements that were done; it's quite substantial.
Public companies sometimes buy up all their shares in order to go private^(1).  Is that the sort of thing you're talking about?  If so, [this article](http://www.investopedia.com/articles/stocks/08/public-companies-privatize-go-private.asp) might be of interest to you.  ^(1) Actually, most of the time, they partner with private equity firms to do it, but I think the effect is essentially what you're describing.
Nah I just don't believe anything I see on TV or read on the internet. Anyone can go onto www.imrightyourewrong.com and find whatever data supports they're argument. It's one big echo chamber and you're just some douchebag yankee squawking away behind his phone yammering about how dumb the rest of the world is and wondering why your welfare and wic hasn't arrived this month yet
Agreed, this article is crap.  I have no problem with venture capitalists.  They give you the oppurtunity to attian: the capital, the tools, the hardware/software, the knowledge systems, the networking and right talent to work with for your innovation. I'll take that and burn through their capital, than use my own capital and lose it all.
In order to do this, you would need to purchase an Amazon gift card from another online vendor that accepts PayPal and then use the Amazon gift card on the Amazon site. There are dozens (if not hundreds) of sites that sell Amazon gift cards online that accept PayPal.
So does a post-dated check have any valid use in a business or   personal transaction? Does it provide any financial or legal   protections at all? Yes, most definitely. You're writing a future date on the check, not past, to ensure that the check will not be deposited before that day. Keep in mind that this may change from place to place, since not every country has the same rules. In the US, for example, such trick would not work since the check may be presented any time and is not a limited obligation. However, in some other countries banks will not pay a check presented before the date written on it. While in the US the date on the check is the date on which it was (supposedly) written and as such is meaningless for obligation purposes, in many other countries the date on the check is the date on which the payment to be made, thus constitutes the start of the commitment and payment will not be made before that date. For example, in Canada: If you write a post-dated cheque, under the clearing rules of the   Canadian Payments Association (CPA), your cheque should not be cashed   before the date that is written on it. If the post-dated cheque is cashed early, you can ask your financial   institution to put the money back into your account up to the day   before the cheque should have been cashed.
"Insurance companies on average make money by selling insurance, which   means you lose money on average by dealing with them. The insurance is not gambling where the house always wins. This expression is literal in gambling, because that's how they set the odds. Insurance isn't necessarily similar. Example. Suppose there's 10% chance that $10,000 the boat sinks due to a defect. So, on average your loss is going to be $1,000. The variability of your loss measured as its standard deviation is $2,846. The variability of loss is a measure of risk. Now, let's look at two $10,000 boats. There's 1% chance that they both sink, and 18% chance that only one of them sinks. So, the expected loss is, unsurprisingly, $2,000. However, the variability of expected loss is $3,842, not quite twice the risk (variability) of a single boat accident. If you imagine that instead of a couple of boats the insurance has 100 boats, the variability of their loss (hence their risk) will increase only by a factor of 10, not 100 compared to a single boat. This means that their risk in relative terms is smaller than yours, the individual insurer's.  What I tried to show was that it is possible to both of you and the insurer to benefit from the arrangement. It doesn't mean that it happens in every case, but generally it does. That's why in actuarial science there's a term fair price. UPDATE I was trying to avoid talking about utility here, because it's an involved subject, but you're dragging the discussion in this direction :) You're right that expected value cannot explain the insurance. The reason is that there's another concept that's necessary in addition to the objective measures such as expected value and risk: I mean the utility function or risk-aversion. So, in short you need to maximize expected utility, not the expected payout. Here's a toy example with the same boat. Assume that insurance is $150, and they pay the entire boat's value in case of accident, i.e. $10,000. You're given two choices effectively. At the end of the year, you have either of the following: You're right that the expected value in the second option can be higher in the second option. Let's say the probability of the loss is 10%, in this case the expected value would $9,900, which is higher than certain value of option 1. Why then some people choose option 2? The reason is that we don't maximize the expected payout, but we maximize the utility, according to modern microeconomics and game theory.  Utility is some kind of an function that reflects your preference given the uncertain choices. Every person has their own preferences, and utility function.  Let's say that yours is exponential with a=10000. In this case we can calculate the expected utility as follows: The math works out in such a way that it accounts for your risk tolerance. Depending on how much you love or hate risk, your expected utilities for these option will come out differently. For this given toy example it turned out that the expected utility is higher with insurance, so this person should get it. However, for different values of a parameter ""a"" in the function, it may not make a sense to insure. Some people are risk averse, some are risk lovers in certain situations. That's the reason why given the same options we make different choices. You may say that you don't value certainty enough to buy this insurance. The bottom line is that nobody can tell you that you're wrong to not buy an insurance. If your risk tolerance is high it may not make a sense for you. Having said this all, I must note that sometimes the society doesn't accept your preferences and utility function. Yes, you tell me today that you accept the risk, but tomorrow when the boat sinks you may come to me and say that you can't pay the student loan because of the hardship. That's the reason why it's mandatory to get liability insurance on cars, for instance."
"I think you should evaluate the value of these so-called ""penny auction"" websites very carefully.  Going to a random site, madbid .com, (which is British with UK prices, but it works just the same with US prices) they claim that someone has bought an iPod Touch 64GB for £21.18. It is £249 directly from Apple. Sold for £21.18 means there were 2118 ""bids"". I'd have to log in to their site to find the cost of a ""bid"" for packages, but you can multiply the cost of a single ""bid"" by 2,118, add another £21.18, and you'll know what all ""bidders"" trying to receive this item paid - I'll bet the total is substantially more than £249.  People taking part in these scams obviously convince themselves that they are the ""clever"" ones who will get an item cheaply. Apart from the possibility that a single ""bidder"" can easily make more bids than the value of the item, if you think you are more clever than everyone else, you are kidding yourself. (If you think you are indeed more clever than everyone else, go ahead and donate your money to these companies).  The ""packages"" are most likely designed to give you the false impression that you get some value for money. Years ago when I checked a single bid was £1, but in bigger packages the bids would cost say 50 pence. They also want many bidders to make sure the number of bids will be high (although there is nothing other than the website's honesty that prevents them from automatically adding bids if an item would otherwise sell too cheap).  Just to clarify: These are not auction sites. In an auction, the highest bidder pays the price they bid, usually plus some commission (on eBay, the commission is paid by the seller), and gets the goods, while everyone else keeps their money. In this ""auction"", every bid costs money, and by increasing the bid by one penny each time they make sure there are usually thousands of bids. (They also offer the products at a ""reduced"" price if you don't ""win"" the auction; the reduced price is substantially higher than buying from the manufacturer or any reputable retailer directly)."
I will be messaging you on [**2017-10-06 17:57:23 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2017-10-06 17:57:23 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of [**this link.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/7354iz/roku_ipo_stock_price_closes_up_67_on_first_day_of/dnolw5y)  [**3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[https://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/7354iz/roku_ipo_stock_price_closes_up_67_on_first_day_of/dnolw5y]%0A%0ARemindMe!  1 week) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete Comment&amp;message=Delete! dnolwn7)  _____  |[^(FAQs)](http://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/)|[^(Custom)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[LINK INSIDE SQUARE BRACKETS else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add the time options after the command.%0A%0ARemindMe!)|[^(Your Reminders)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List Of Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders!)|[^(Feedback)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&amp;subject=Feedback)|[^(Code)](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)|[^(Browser Extensions)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions/) |-|-|-|-|-|-|
It is amazing to see the fantastic customer service offered by our carpet rug and upholstery cleaners who make sure that the customer pleased. If emergency cleaning need arises, they respond quickly. In Bermon Carpet Cleaning cleaners use only the safest environmentally friendly materials, biodegradable and non toxic cleaning agents to deep clean all types of carpets. Our goal is simple, to provide the highest quality cleaning tailored around our customers’ needs. For any additional information please contact us.
Lol...going on a real tangent here, but  why not.  1st: Do we send them aid? If so is it food, currency, or something else? Food MIGHT make sense as long as we are making sure it goes to people who are literally starving (and it doesn't get withheld by the government), currency would most likely not make sense because it would just directly support the regime. In the long run though, respecting property rights wouldn't hurt them at all and could only help, but they have many other issues in that country that need to be fixed as well. The whole reason I brought up the example of Zimbabwe is because Mugabe confiscated the lands of all white ppl (this was a pretty populist policy), who tended to be farmers, gave it to his cronies, and then because the land wasn't being farmed a famine and hyperinflation ensued.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.richmondfed.org/publications/research/econ_focus/2016/q3-4/profession) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A 2014 working paper by several German and Swiss researchers, &amp;quot;Happiness of Economists,&amp;quot; concluded on the basis of a large-scale survey that economists are &amp;quot;Highly happy with life&amp;quot;; moreover, those in North America are the happiest.  &gt; If working as an economist is so much fun, why do they retire at all? Although mandatory retirement at age 70 was once nearly universal in universities, where most research economists are employed, Congress abolished mandatory retirement for faculty starting in 1994.  &gt; Even if a retired economist no longer participates in the profession in any form - no research, no writing, no consulting, no advising students - he or she may well continue to be an economist.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6zjx0h/do_economists_ever_really_retire/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~208272 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **economist**^#1 **retirement**^#2 **retire**^#3 **economic**^#4 **work**^#5"
"Well, the one variable you're forgetting is that we didn't have as much debt hanging over our heads as we do now. As I understand it, maintaining that conflict cost so much money, we're still paying for it today, the better part of a century later. Are you sure that the Federal government should undertake that level of spending again as the Fed is poised to raise rates, reversing a decades long trend of cheap borrowing?  Edit: typo, added ""sure"""
It becomes a different game when you allow penny and ultra cheap stocks.  People make much less plays, because the price of the stock doesn't change hardly ever, and when it does change you can end up with people making 10x money over night, and when that happens they sell everything and just camp on their cash till the deadline runs out.  Penny/cheap stocks are fun, but only when you start with very little money, like $5,000, and everyone plays for them.  They are a game breaker when you play the legit market.  The &gt;$2 rule is a default option when you setup a game, it isn't something random I made up.
I suppose that is true. If we take me anecdotally, i turn down down boring work. If I have some decent problems to solve, I perform. Payment isn't a factor. Though, I still don't want to take a job that pays less unless it is very interesting.
I can only speak to natural gas but I imagine the answer for electricity is the same. In general, yes, it is better to lock into a fixed price contract as in the long run, natural gas prices increase over time.  However, if you locked (signed a fixed price contract) in prior to the economic downturn, most likely you were better off not doing so but the key is long-term. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_gas_prices However, do your research as fixed priced contracts vary considerably from company to company. http://www.energyshop.com/ I think it's a good time to sign a fixed-term contract right now as I don't see prices coming down much further with global economies are now recovering from the downturn. HTH
Calling banks 'evil' seems sensationalist. I think it's better to say that their reward-punishment tradeoff is skewed very heavily partly driven by governments being held hostage to fear of bank runs and other doomsday scenarios.  Also, if you think about it, finance has never ever been a clean industry (and I say this as someone whose entire career has been in this industry). Every culture that I know anything about has had issues with the ethics of money lenders throughout history (Middle East, Med. Europe, China, India).
Sure, you're happy to trust Page or Zuckerberg to put money to good use. But sometimes bad managers burn through company resources, desperately trying to save their jobs. Great managers with long term visions deserve a long leash, but companies with bad management can sometimes be helped with outside discipline.
So one approach would be purely mathematical: look at whichever has the higher interest rate and pay it first. Another approach is to ignore the math (since the interest savings difference between a mortgage and student loan is likely small anyways) and think about what your goals are.  Do you like having a student loan payment?  Would you prefer to get rid of it as quickly as possible?  How would it feel to cut the balance in HALF in one shot? If it were me, I would pay the student loan as fast as possible. Student loans are not cancellable or bankruptable, and once you get it paid off you can put that payment amount toward your house to get it paid off.
Why should the rich who buy more expensive homes be subisdized by those who pay less, or from those who rent? A person who buys a 500k home in a high property tax area wins twice. Once but having more tax breaks by being able to deduct more than your average working class person who buys a house at 250k and the second time when they get nicer schools, public services etc at other people's dime. SF home prices are a combination or speculation investment and poor government control. SF prices are at Tokyo levels when the population density is at 1/10. That is a failure of local government policy to build more homes, not from lack of tax breaks.  If your community wants to pay higher taxes for more local services, power to you and I encourage it, but you shouldn't be subsidized by those who dont. Imo, people shouldn't be punished for not owning property or living in a state where they think sales tax is better than income or property.
That's not how the world works. That's not how any of this works. They knew he didn't have a degree. You don't get recruited before you graduate because you're a useless expendable. He's going places. And they'll probably pay for him to finish his degree at some point. Either way, he's gonna be rich.
If she lives by herself, my guess would be that she qualifies as a household of one. Either way, her monthly income is below the threshold, so she should be eligible. Per the linked website The only way to determine if your household is eligible for SNAP benefits is to apply. I'd say it's worth a try.
It's impossible to be definite without knowing the details of your plans, so you should make sure you consult the providers. However there are some general principles: However all that is the general case, and yours might be different. So look up the rules of each plan.
Preferred stock is traded on the market, so you can just buy it like any other. The symbol for a preferred stock is the ticker symbol followed by a dash and a letter for each class of preferred stock. Examples: Generally speaking, you should buy Preferred stock with the intention of holding onto it for at least a  couple of years. Often preferred shares are lightly traded and have wide spreads that made it difficult to make money in the short term.
Physical addiction also exists, which exists for pot.  I'm sure some car accidents and other accidents have happened, so the drug may not kill you, but the effects can when used in high amounts.   &gt; The reality here is that people like yourself think you know things that you don't know. Pot is safe and very commonly used by lots of different people in a responsible and safe manner.   Like the high driver? LOL. I don't know a smoker that thinks its not ok to drive while being high.  &gt; If you really think pot should be illegal, you should be lobbying for alcohol prohibition too in order to be consistent.  At least with alcohol they have rules of when and where it can be used. Pot smokers will smoke anywhere in your face. They get high and drive, etc... Before you say it doesn't impair you, it does in larger amounts.   there is now a large body of evidence to support the persistence of neurocognitive impairment lasting from hours to weeks. It is important to note that in repeated studies, subjects who reported a marijuana “high” were most likely or most profoundly affected by the drug. This supports the link between THC concentration and neurocognitive dysfunction. Residual effects, however, continued in subjects who no longer felt the drug's effect. Thus, subjective return to baseline mental status may not ensure full return of neurocognitive function.58  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12427880  Considerable research into the functional psychomotor and judgment effects of marijuana smoking has been conducted in the context of transportation safety. Research demonstrates that acute cannabis consumption is associated with an increased risk of a motor vehicle crash, and especially for fatal collisions.59  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22323502
...is investing in a business you believe in a bad strategy?   I'm not saying you're going to be right with your investment (obviously your judgment is coming into play), but you make it sound like it's a terrible way to do things. Is it?
Before you even enroll in a good financial school, register for an account with a bank that allows you to manage a stock portfolio.  I prefer TD Ameritrade.  You do have to be 18 (Just register it under your parents, it doesn't matter.  Just make sure they fill out the information portion.  Get the SSN and tax info right.  Basically it's their account, you're just managing it. ) That way you'll have some good, practical experience going into it.  Understand that working with money can be a very cut-throat industry, be ready to be competing with people constantly.    Also, surround yourself with books from successful stock brokers, investment bankers, things like that.  When you're working you'll want information like that.  Good luck, and  I hope this helps.
If some one ever offers High returns and low risk they are either extremely stupid or scamming you. If they did find a high return low risk investment a smart person would buy it then repackage it as a low return low risk investment and then sell it to you. People would still buy and they would make a ton.   Either they are lying (scam) or a fool(about as bad)
kayaks on sale  --Looking for top fishing kayaks or kayak accessories? Visit paddlerscove.com - your one stop shop featuring an exclusive selection of kayaks for sale, used ocean kayaks, and all related accessories. Get the best bargains on a comprehensive range of premium quality products.
For the US government, they've just credited Person B with a Million USD and haven't gained anything (afterall, those digits are intangible and don't really have a value, IMO). Two flaws in this reasoning: The US government didn't do anything. The receiving bank credited the recipient. If the digits are intangible, such that they haven't gained anything, they haven't lost anything either. In practice, the role of governments in the transfer is purely supervisory. The sending bank debits the sender's account and the receiving bank credits the recipient's account. Every intermediary makes some money on this transaction because the cost to the sender exceeds the credit to the recipient. The sending bank typically receives a credit to their account at a correspondent bank. The receiving bank typically receives a debit from their account at a correspondent bank. If a bank sends lots of money, eventually its account at its correspondent will run dry. If a bank receives lots of money, eventually its account at its correspondent will have too much money. This is resolved with domestic payments, sometimes handled by governmental or quasi-governmental agencies. In the US, banks have an account with the federal reserve and adjust balances there. The international component is handled by the correspondent bank(s). They also internally will credit and debit. If they get an imbalance between two currencies they can't easily correct, they will have to sell one currency to buy the other. Fortunately, worldwide currency exchange is extremely efficient.
Big topic but I worry much more about who gets debt and who gets subsidies (bailouts) as those are both inefficient and unfair. -- one economist.   Ps. I think the Fed should print $ and distribute per capita rather than do QE, which helps the rich more...
Yes, this is common and a perfectly normal use of your ssn#.  The trustees of the estate can get in a lot of trouble with the IRS if they disburse assets to you if you are subject to tax garnishment (i.e. you didn't pay your taxes)
&gt;When reading a publication, do you only pay for the pages you read?  No, but many would consider this an innovative and wonderful pricing mechanism.  &gt;It's a package deal, not a rip-off.  Similarly, many consider package deals like cable TV where you get a 1000 channels you don't want to pay for a rip-off.
I already said there's no food safety concern. The issue is it's gross. So yes, as I said, it is just my opinion that I think it's icky. That's a perfectly reasonable cause to not eat something. I'm not suggesting it shouldn't be allowed. I'm suggesting it's reasonable that people don't want to eat it.
"A warrant is similar to a call option (the right to buy stock at a certain price), with the difference that warrants are filled by the issuing company with new shares, diluting the existing shareholders' ownership. The language is a bit confusing, but how I interpret it is: So your 9,000 shares will get you 3,000 shares and 3,000 warrants (the right to buy shares at a maximum price of 0.27 between April 2, 2018 and April 30, 2018.   I think the phrase ""The subscription price is SEK 0.27 per Unit"" means that you can buy each unit for 0.27 SKE (which gets you one share and one option to buy another share."
It probably doesn't matter since your credit and your checking are at the same institution, but I don't like to let my credit auto draft my checking.  I always do it the other way around (and keep them at different places) I feel like there is more control when my money is gone that way.
&gt; hat being said, I don't believe that a group of countries where several still have their royal and noble classes  They're figureheads, period.  &gt; and the economy is a commodity driven market economy.  You're taking Norway and applying it to the rest of the Nordic countries?  I didn't realize all of them had oil.  This goes to show how biased is your perception of them.
"I used to work for one of the three ratings agencies. Awhile ago. First: There are lots of different ratings. The bulk of ratings are for corporate debt and public finance. So senior debentures (fixed income) and General Obligations e.g. tax-free muni bonds, respectively. Ratings agencies are NOT paid by the investment banks, they are paid by the corporations  or city/ state that is issuing debt. The investment banks are the syndicate that pulls the transaction together and brings it to market.  For mortgage-backed securities, collateralized debt CDO-CLO's, all of which are fancy structured securitizations, well, that is a different matter! Those  transactions are the ones where there is an inappropriately close tie between the investment bankers and ratings agencies. And those were the ratings that blew out and caused problems.  Ratings agencies continued to do a decent job with what WAS their traditional business, corporate and municipal bond ratings, as far as I know.   What khajja said was 100% correct: S&amp;P's fees were paid by investors, the people who were purchasing the bonds, until about 50 years ago. Around the same time that McGraw-Hill purchased S&amp;P, in 1966, they departed from that model, and started charging the bond issuers for ratings. I don't know if that decision was driven by McGraw-Hill or not, though.  One more thing: Not all credit ratings agencies are paid by the issuers. One of the 10 NRSRO's (a designation given by the S.E.C.) is Egan-Jones. Their revenue comes from the investors, bond purchasers, not the companies issuing bonds, unlike the S&amp;P/ Fitch/ Moody's ""business model"". So there is an alternative, which I consider hopeful and reason not to totally despair.  EDIT: What xcrunna19 mentions is also totally accurate. The part about Nouriel Roubini (who is a professor at N.Y.U. or Columbia or such and a sensible though slightly high strung sort) is consistent with my impression. As for whether it would require government action to implement the changes advocated by Roubini, yes, I guess it would, but I don't know if the government would do that. It would be better if the credit ratings agencies would find their own way to a different, less conflicted payment-incentive model.  Keep in mind too that many of the provisions of Dodd-Frank have removed the existing regulatory requirements for credit ratings on bonds and other securities. This is the scary part though: There isn't anything to replace the credit ratings agencies, not at the moment, as far as I can tell! Eventually the government is supposed to come up with an alternative, but that hasn't happened yet. Which is better: Not requiring ratings at all, or the past situation of sometimes inflated ratings, which imparted a false sense of confidence? I don't know."
And if it costed 50% more they wouldn't either. I bet you a majority of these people just want to save money on gas. I even thought about it, but its too ugly (the back) and the model S is too big for me.
&gt; Businesses aren't a charity - they pay for work and exist for profit. They aren't supposed to have feelings. So austerity and getting the most out of your employees causes the company to become lean and efficient.  I agree. That's why I require that my employees sleep at the office so they don't waste time driving back and forth. Much more efficient. Sadly, the Department of Labor disagrees, so its a no go until the lawsuit gets resolved. Goddamn guvermint regulation getting in the way of us job creators.   &gt; Canadians have been becoming more skeptical of Tim Hortons since before the buyout from Burger King and 3G. 3G didn't significantly change the values and product, they cut costs and made it a less cushy environment. The ill will toward Tim Hortons was not caused by 3G, as you suggested.  *cough* http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/tim-hortons-class-action-1.4167739 *cough*.
Will there be a scenario in which I want to sell, but nobody wants to buy from me and I'm stuck at the brokerage website? Similarly, if nobody wants to sell their stocks, I will not be able to buy at all? Yes, that is entirely possible.
Since you are only 16, you still have time to mature what you will do with your life, always keep your mind opend. If you are really passionated about investement : read 1 book every week about investement, read the website investopedia, financial time, know about macro economic be good a math in school, learning coding and infrastructure can also be interesting since the stock is on server. learn about the history, you can watch on yoube shows about the history of money. learn accounting, the basic at least open a  broker simulating account online ( you will play with a fake wallet but on real value) for 6 month, and after open a broker account with 100 real dollards and plays the penny stocks ( stock under 3 USD a share). after doing all this for 1 year you should know if you want to spend your life doing this and can choose universtity and intership accordingly. You can look on linkedin the profile of investement banker to know what school they attended. Best of luck for your future.
I believe this argument is most often used when considering which debts to pay back first, or when there are other options available such as investment options, building up an emergency fund, or saving for a large purchase.  In that case, it's simply justifying making minimum payments and paying more over the life of the loan in exchange for larger liquidity in the present. Unfortunately, when it comes to choosing between which debts to pay (e.g. My mom pays more than the minimum on her car because she can't deduct auto loan interest, despite her mortgage carrying a higher interest rate), it's only beneficial if the tax savings offsets the interest savings difference. The formula for that is: tax bracket > (1 - (target loan interest rate / mortgage interest rate)) That said, most people don't think in the long term, either by natural shortsightedness, or by necessity (need to have an emergency fund).
It's called competition. Reddit is funny, they love the electronic revolution when it comes to music, games, TV, piracy, etc. but hate that it will doom bookstores. The sword cuts both ways. Maybe independent bookstores time has come.  (when I say reddit, I am talking in general terms)
Name one nation state that has survived more than 20 minutes without taxation.  People won't pay if they don't have to, things don't get built if people don't pay.  Take a holiday to Somalia if you want to see a libertarian paradise in action.
I think what's screwing up my calculation is the (reL), return on equity levereged figure. The beta for KORS apparently is -0.58, so when I use the formula reL = rf + (ßL)(rm - rf), I get -0.0048 as my reL.   Am I doing my beta wrong? Am I supposed to use a different figure for my beta?    ALSO, further in the process, when using the formula for WACC, my E/(D+E) is essentially 1.0 because market value of equity for KORS is 7bill and its market value of debt is only like 147 million.  edit: I'm beginning to believe that my beta of -0.58 is not rightly used. It's what yahoo told me, but other sources are saying that the beta of KORS is more like -0.01 or close to 0. Yes?   edit 2: Using -0.01 beta, I get a rdWACC of 2.2%. Now this seems more plausible. I did some research on negative betas and found out that they basically don't really exist aside from gold. So Yahoo must be giving me a weird beta figure. Other websites are all giving me -0.01, so I believe that is correct.
"&gt;  This is horse shit. You're citing liberal propaganda as fact. ""Cited as the anti scientist president."" By whom? Just liberals with their dress over their heads.  Did you say ""By whom?""??  Have you been living under a rock?  And, even then, do you not know how to google?  Nearly every science oriented magazine and organization has described Trump as anti-science:  1\.  Scientific American ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/trumps-5-most-ldquo-anti-science-rdquo-moves/ )  &gt;  **Trump's 5 Most ""Anti-Science"" Moves.**   The president-elect has taken what is widely seen as a hostile stance toward the scientific community ...  2\.  Union of Concerned Scientists ( https://psmag.com/environment/a-brief-survey-of-trumps-assault-on-science )  3\.  Science ... *the magazine* for the American Association for the Advancement of Science ... the worlds largest general science organization (https://sciencemag.org http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2017/01/what-trumps-nominees-have-said-about-science-their-senate-hearings ,  http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2017/02/hundreds-rally-science-demonstration-near-aaas-meeting , and many others).  And many other news organizations:  4\.  Worst anti-science president ever.  http://www.newsweek.com/trump-expected-be-most-anti-science-president-ever-519226   5\.  Trump anti-science policies imperil the world  http://www.scmp.com/business/global-economy/article/2094269/opinion-trumps-anti-science-policies-imperil-world  6\.  President Trump's War on Science.  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/09/opinion/sunday/trump-epa-pruitt-science.html  7\.  Trump has launched a blitzkrieg in the wars on science   https://www.theguardian.com/environment/climate-consensus-97-per-cent/2017/mar/28/trump-has-launched-a-blitzkrieg-in-the-wars-on-science-and-earths-climate    &gt;  This Nature article is junk, it's just an opinion piece, a few quotes from literally who, and a random bar graph.  That was a news piece, not an opinion piece.  And that doesn't matter anyway.  The result is the graphs which are from the UCLA HERI study.  There was also a Pew Study done in 2009.  http://www.people-press.org/2009/07/09/section-4-scientists-politics-and-religion/  But I don't know why you're arguing ... because you summarized my point (poorly, I may add) with:  &gt;  Trump won on income and was inversely proportional on education.  This was basically my point.  You would know that if you actually read what I wrote.  I say ""basically"" here, because:  1\.  You confused ""inversely proportional"" with negatively correlated ... or proportional with a negative proportionality constant.   Certainly you're aware that ""inversely proportional"" actually means a relation like y = C 1/x + k.     2\.  ""won on income"" is just poor phraseology.  Polls suggest that Trump had a slightly higher edge (2% vs. Hilary) for those whose income was in the higher tiers (most tiers above $50K/yr income).  Polls suggest that he was strongly disfavored for lower incomes.  Of course ... it's best seen in the poll I linked into my first post on this page.  &gt;  Jeez who would have thunk it, lifers post docs are bought it on their liberal academic surroundings. As if that was indicative of intelligence.  Most of your sentences above had poor grammar and, at first, I suspected some advanced Russian bot.  But this is atrocious. Try to express yourself in complete thoughts.  Read what you wrote ... it's complete garbage.  I almost didn't respond at all since it doesn't deserve a response."
Vikasmarg.com offers huge list of products and services to avail as well as buy. The portal is very user-friendly and anyone can use it easily. Free classified ads section has made us the most popular portal on the web. Post free classified ads in variety of listings such as office supplies, event management, house cleaning, tours and travels, coaching as well as training, vehicles and so on.
"&gt;I am not forgetting anything. You don't seem to get a broadcasting is media and part of media. Like I said they are a media company. No different from saying Time Warner is a media company or Disney.   It's dishonest to equate a purely digital media entity to a broadcaster. Completely different tier—just not favorable to your argument.  &gt;Have you actually visited their website? It has such stories such as ""Turns Out It's Totally Cool to Have a 20-Pound Lobster in Your Suitcase"" and ""The Mothers Haunted by Their Sons' Unsolved Murders"" as well as ""D.R.A.M. Opens Up About Being a 'Big Baby' on 'THE THERAPIST'"" and ""New Yorkers Love Pride, Hate Trump"". Really no different from Buzzfeed except Vice doesn't do the whole list thing.   So, history time: Vice Magazine established a channel called Viceland.com, and later it established other channels on VBS.tv. Eventually, they combined into a combined channel called vice.com, including the following sub-channels:  * Vice  * Broadly.  * Creators  * i-D  * Amuse  * Motherboard  * Munchies  * Noisey  * Tonic  * Thump  * Vice Impact  * Vice Sports  * Waypoint  * Viceland  * Vice News  So, you are viewing content from all those channels combined together, mistaking it for all Vice News content. BTW, the best Vice News content gets put into their HBO programs. Vice the series is phenomenal!   &gt;Nope, as it is not faulty. You can claim it is all you want, but until you prove its faulty its not. And you yet to prove its actually faulty.   It's a sweeping generalization. The argument does not stand up to scrutiny, and that is proof it is faulty. Look up what a sweeping generalization is.  &gt;One I told you I read the article and it was crap, you even agreed with me it was crap. Two media companies do screen what content is on their platform. Meaning if they are smart they check for the quality of content as well. Thirdly didn't I tell you like 3 times now to stop making leaping assumptions and bullshit claims? Yet you continue to do so. And for someone claiming to have good analytic skills you certainly fall short in them.  Yeah, okay, I think this is the point that I refrain from rubbing your nose in not just your logical mistake, again, but also your mistake about the type of stories on Vice News. Also, for tech news, I will give Motherboard a nod as well. There's also some pretty good content from Viceland (Specifically, I enjoy Hamilton's Pharmacopeia)."
"If the value of these hard assets is significant you probably have them insured, and for significant art work you should have had them appraised as part of getting them insured. Therefore the process of adding them into the net worth calculation would be trivial.  Your goals should be a mix of liquid assets, and assets that are harder to sell, such as real estate. It should also include those items you are more reluctant to sell. In some cases these ""investments"" do need to be included in official calculations, such as applying for a student loan or financial aid, required financial disclosure statements for some government jobs, or applications for government assistance."
That is your bill because the services were performed for you.   You still can negotiate with the doctor however.  Suggest that while you aren't willing to pay the full share, you will pay the negotiated amount he would have actually gotten from the insurance company (or some fraction thereof).  Doc did make a mistake, but you are very much liable for it.
Definitely, check if they are regulated by the Finnish financial regulatory board. Google FIN-FSA regulation. It can also be that they are regulated off-shore, no matter just find it out. Besides try to find the terms of you're contract, if cant find ask the broker to point out. Wonder what will happen, following this thread
"The question asked in your last paragraph (what's the downside) is answered simply; if you take out a loan and close the cards, that's a ding on your score because your leverage ratio on this portion of your credit jumps to 100% or more, and because you'll be reducing the average age of your lines of credit (one line of credit a few days old versus five lines of credit several years old each). If you take out the loan and don't close the accounts, it's one more line of credit, increasing your total credit, lowering your leverage, but making institutions more reluctant to give you any more credit until they see what you'll do with what you have. In either case, assuming you can get the loan at less than the average rate of the cards (that's actually not a guarantee; a lot of lenders will want APRs in the 20s or 30s even for a title loan or other collateralized loan), then your cost of capital will also go down. That gives you more of a gap of discretionary income that you can better use to ""snowball"" all this debt as you are planning. Another thing to keep in mind is that the minimum payment changes as the balance does. The minimum payment covers monthly interest at least, and therefore varies based on your interest rate (usually variable) and your balance (which will hopefully be decreasing). A constant payment over the current minimum, much like a more traditional amortization, would be preferable."
"I could keep a couple of cows fed for weeks with all that straw.   But seriously, we could come up with hypotheticals all day about why we should do nothing.  ""I've got mine!"" is cheap and feels good to say. But like anything else that's cheap and feels good, gently tutting at the life choices of imaginary millennials will only hurt us if we do it too much.   The fact is that our education system and work system cannot or will not handle the large number of Americans. They therefore cannot participate in the economy, and the only ones who will hurt from this in the end will be America as a whole. It's our responsibility as a group to find a solution, and that includes Americans of all means.   We could also of course move in with our fiscal drug dealer and have China prop up our economy. That will come with all sorts of nasty costs which I don't think we're prepared to pay for."
"So I guess Morgan &amp; Stanley was talking out of its ass when it was like all ""Buy Buy Buy""  So I guess Morgan &amp; Stanley must have quite a nice exposure, since they won't be selling since nobody is buying huh?  Leverage baby?"
Bitcoin is backed by math and the ability to exist in a trustless state. That has value. I don't need to care about double spends, or worry about Quantative Easing. That has value. I can push transactions at my leisure over the network, sending money worldwide without needing a third party. That has value.   Soon, higher level solutions will be implemented, allowing cheap microtransactions between users, and giving the network a vast scaling boost. That has value.  You are stuck in a rut, from what I gather from your comments in this thread. You don't perceive the value of Bitcoin, because in your paradigm value is inherently coupled to companies and their revenue. Bitcoin is the paradigm shift that allows money to be decoupled from third parties.
"Not necessarily.  The abbreviation ""ESOP"" is ambiguous.  There are at least 8 variations I know of: You'll find references on Google to each of those, some more than others.  For fun you can even substitute the word ""Executive"" for ""Employee"" and I'm sure you'll find more.  Really. So you may be mistaken about the ""O"" referring to ""options"" and thereby implying it must be about options.  Or, you may be right.  If you participate in such a plan (or program) then check the documentation and then you'll know what it stands for, and how it works.  That being said: companies can have either kind of incentive plan: one that issues stock, or one that issues options, with the intent to eventually issue stock in exchange for the option exercise price. When options are issued, they usually do have an expiration date by which you need to exercise if you want to buy the shares. There may be other conditions attached. For instance, whether the plan is about stocks or options, often there is a vesting schedule that determines when you become eligible to buy or exercise. When you buy the shares, they may be registered directly in your name (you might get a fancy certificate), or they may be deposited in an account in your name. If the company is small and private, the former may be the case, and if public, the latter may be the case. Details vary. Check the plan's documentation and/or with its administrators."
"You will be filing the exact same form you've been filing until now (I hope...) which is called form 1040. Attached to it, you'll add a ""Schedule C"" form and ""Schedule SE"" form. Keep in mind the potential effect of the tax and totalization treaties the US has with the UK which may affect your filings. I suggest you talk to a licensed EA/CPA who works with expats in the UK and is familiar with all the issues. There are several prominent offices you can find by Googling."
"What you are describing is a very specific case of the more general principle of how dividend payments work. Broadly speaking, if you own common shares in a corporation, you are a part owner of that corporation; you have the right to a % of all of that corporation's assets. The value in having that right is ultimately because the corporation will pay you dividends while it operates, and perhaps a final dividend when it liquidates at the end of its life. This is why your shares have value - because they give you ownership of the business itself. Now, assume you own 1k shares in a company with 100M shares, worth a total of $5B. You own 0.001% of the company, and each of your shares is worth $50; the total value of all your shares is $50k. Assume further that the value of the company includes $1B in cash. If the company pays out a dividend of $1B, it will now be only worth $4B. Your shares have just gone down in value by 20%! But, you have a right to 0.001% of the dividend, which equals a $10k cash payment to you. Your personal holdings are now $40k worth of shares, plus $10k in cash. Except for taxes, financial theory states that whether a corporation pays a dividend or not should not impact the value to the individual shareholder.  The difference between a regular corporation and a mutual fund, is that the mutual fund is actually a pool of various investments, and it reports a breakdown of that pool to you in a different way. If you own shares directly in a corporation, the dividends you receive are called 'dividends', even if you bought them 1 minute before the ex-dividend date. But a payment from a mutual fund can be divided between, for example, a flow through of dividends, interest, or a return of capital. If you 'looked inside' your mutual fund you when you bought it, you would see that 40% of its value comes from stock A, 20% comes from stock B, etc etc., including maybe 1% of the value coming from a pile of cash the fund owns at the time you bought your units.  In theory the mutual fund could set aside the cash it holds for current owners only, but then it would need to track everyone's cash-ownership on an individual basis, and there would be thousands of different 'unit classes' based on timing. For simplicity, the mutual fund just says ""yes, when you bought $50k in units, we were 1/3 of the year towards paying out a $10k dividend. So of that $10k dividend, $3,333k of it is assumed to have been cash at the time you bought your shares. Instead of being an actual 'dividend', it is simply a return of capital.""  By doing this, the mutual fund is able to pay you your owed dividend [otherwise you would still have the same number of units but no cash, meaning you would lose overall value], without forcing you to be taxed on that payment. If the mutual fund didn't do this separate reporting, you would have paid $50k to buy $46,667k of shares and $3,333k of cash, and then you would have paid tax on that cash when it was returned to you. Note that this does not ""falsely exaggerate the investment return"", because a return of capital is not earnings; that's why it is reported separately.  Note that a 'close-ended fund' is not a mutual fund, it is actually a single corporation. You own units in a mutual fund, giving you the rights to a proportion of all the fund's various investments. You own shares in a close-ended fund, just as you would own shares in any other corporation. The mutual fund passes along the interest, dividends, etc. from its investments on to you; the close-ended fund may pay dividends directly to its shareholders, based on its own internal dividend policy."
"There's nothing you can do. If he has indeed deposited the check, it would appear on your account fairly quickly - I've never seen it taking more than 2-3 business days. However, a check is a debt instrument, and you cannot close the account until it clears, or until the ""unclaimed property"" laws of your state kick in. If he claims that he deposited the check, ask it in writing and have your bank (or the bank where it was deposited) investigate why it takes so long to clear. If he's not willing to give it to you in writing - he's likely not deposited it. Whatever the reason may be, even just to cause you nuisance. Lesson learned. Next time - cashier's check with a signed receipt. Re closing the LLC: if you're the only two partners - you can just withdraw yourself from the LLC, take out your share, and drop it on him leaving him the only partner. Check with your local attorney for details."
There is also the problem of budgets. The budgets haven't kept pace with the growth in channels, therefore it's spread a lot more thinly. Combine that with the quality of the 'best' going up (CGI etc) and it's incredible that TV is as good as it is.
"&gt; And what the hell would you use instead of ""going forward""?  ""From now on?""   As in:  ""Going forward, we will only touch base via email, unless we need to take it offline, in which case please reach out and we can do a coffee.""  --- Versus ---  ""Learn to communicate in plain English, you pathetic corporate drone""."
Another route if IB becomes a fleeting career for you would be to go into M&amp;A/Advisory at an accounting shop and steer towards the PE side of the business. Then when you are sick of grinding it out or you get a sweetheart offer (plenty of friends have gotten them) from a PE shop do that. You could also stay at a B4 or national and stay on partner track. You might not become a millionaire in the first couple of years, but you'll be a multi by the time you're done.  Also, as others have said, skip B-school for now. You will get nothing out of it without prior experience, and if you stay in Chicago finance you'll need to attend an M7 MBA program to go anywhere. B-school is more about the networking relationships you'll get out of it more than anything you will learn in a book.
Investing only in one industry may be problematic as it is highly correlated. There are factor outside your (or anyones) knowledge which may affect all the industry: If you are familiar with the industry it may happen that you work in that (ignore rest of paragraph if this is not the case). In such case you are likely to have problems at work (frozen salary, no bonus, position terminated) and you need to liquidate the investments at that point (see many advice regarding ESPP). Depending on your field you may have some inside knowledge so even if you would took a position without it you may need to somehow prove it. On the other hand diversifying the investment might reduce the volatility of investment. Rise in oil will cause problems for air industry but will be a boom for oil industry etc. In this way you smooth the grow of the investments. Investing part of portfolio into specific industry may make more sense. It still possibly worth to avoid it at the beginning investor may have trouble to beat the market (for example according to behavioural economics you are exposed to various biases, or if markets are efficient then prices most likely already take into account any information you may have). (I'm still new to all this so it's mostly based on what I read rather then any personal experience. Also a standard disclaimer that this is not an investment, or any other, advice and I'm not licensed financial advisor in any jurisdiction)
The HSA money is yours to keep. You can't add new money into the account and get a tax deduction for the new money, but you can spend the old money on medical expenses. First log into the website for the HSA and see if you have money left. This can be important because if there is still money left they might be charging you a monthly fee. You should have gotten a letter from the old company or the administrator when you left the High deductible insurance plan. This would have told you your options regarding the spending or transferring of old funds. HSA related numbers would have appeared on your W2, and you should have a 1099-SA from the administrator. It is likely that there is a copy of the 1099 on the administrators website. The numbers you enter on the tax forms depends on how much you contributed from your paycheck, how much your company contributed, and how much you sent (if any) from other sources besides payroll deduction. You will also have to know how much money was withdrawn from the HSA and how much was used for medical purposes. The last month rule is for those people who start in the middle of the year. If you start partway through the year you are allowed to make the maximum contribution if you still have it at the end of the year, and you expect to keep it.  The Last Month Rule The Last Month Rule states that if you are covered by an HSA eligible   health plan on the first day of the last month of a given year, you   are considered an eligible individual for the entire year. In turn,   you can then contribute to the HSA for that full year. If you are covered by an HDHP on Dec 1st of a given year, you may contribute the maximum for that year. For example, you could begin coverage and open up my HSA in November   of a given year. Come December 1st, you are covered and per the Last   Month Rule, considered an eligible employee for that full year. That   allows you to contribute up to that year’s contribution limit, even   waiting a few months to make a prior year contribution if you like.   Back up the truck and load up the HSA! However, there is a catch.  The Testing Period The Testing Period states if you use the Last Month Rule, you must   remain an eligible individual (covered by HDHP) for the following 12   months. If you fail to remain an eligible individual (change insurance   plans, lose insurance plan, receive other health coverage) any “extra”   contributions you made as a result of the Last Month Rule will be   taxed and penalized. If you contribute per the Last Month Rule and end your HDHP insurance within 1 year, you will have to pay tax on any excess   contributions you were allowed to make and pay a 10% penalty. In this case, “excess” contributions are determined by the   contribution limit / 12 months, compared to your time eligible.
I'm not sure what can be done about that unless you happen to be home every day? I'm gone 12 hours a day but fortunately (knock wood) we don't have a bad theft problem in my neighborhood.  I think ringing the doorbell is sufficient in that you can immediately go and get it.
"I mean the scripture was written and incorporated long after Roman adoption by Constantine.  Just because the republicans say that is their motivation doesn't mean it is objective. Policy research, the impact of Reganomics shows, and Kansas' own failed tax experiment over the last six years show that belief in ""free market"" is not a sound basis to make decisions which impact people's health and welfare. Actions have impacts and their belief and explanations do not align with reality."
When I was in that boat a few years ago, I went for the car first.  My thoughts: If I get the car first, I'm guaranteed to have a car that runs well.  That makes it more convenient to commute to any job, or for social functions.  I ended up dropping about $20k into a car (paid cash, I don't like being in debt).  I chose to buy a really nice car, knowing it will last for many years to come - I'm expecting to not replace it for about 10 years from the purchase.  I would urge you to consider paying in full for the car; dumping $20k+ is a lot, and there are plenty of nice cars out there in the $10-20k range that will work just fine for years to come.  One benefit of paying in full is that you don't have a portion of your income tied into the car loan. The main reason I chose not to go for the house first had more to do with the difference in commitment.  A home mortgage is a 30-year commitment on a large chunk of your income.  With the job market and housing markets both currently working against you, it's better to wait until you have a large safety net to fall into. For example, it's always recommended to have several months worth of living expenses in savings.  Compared to renting, having 6 or more months of mortgage payments + utilities + insurance + property taxes + other mandatory expenses (see: food, gas) comes out to a significant amount more that you should have saved (for me, I'm looking at a minimum of about $20k in savings just to feel comfortable; YMMV).  Also, owning a house always has more maintenance costs than you will predict.  Even if it's just replacing a few light bulbs at first, eventually you'll need something major: an appliance will die, your roof will spring a leak, anything (I had both of those happen in the first year, though it could be bad luck).  You should make sure that you can afford the increased monthly payments while still well under your income. Once you're locked in to the house, you can still set aside a smaller chunk of your income for a new car 5-10 years down the road.  But if you're current car is getting down to it's last legs, you should get that fixed up before you lock yourself in to an uncomfortable situation. Don't be in too much of a hurry to buy a house.  The housing market still has a ways to go before it recovers, and there's not a whole lot to help it along.  Interest rates may go up, but that will only hurt the housing market, so I don't expect it to change too much for the next several months.  With a little bit of sanity, we won't have another outrageous housing bubble for many years, so houses should remain somewhat affordable (interest rates may vary).  Also keep in mind that if you pay less that 20% down on the house, you may end up with some form of mortgage interest, which is just extra interest you'll owe each month.
The Kraemer and Kraemer Panama has a wide range of sorts of immigration in panama visas and residency programs offering perpetual residency, and by and large, full citizenship with an identification. Panama is universally perceived as the Top Offshore nation. It draws in individuals from everywhere throughout the world who are intrigued immigration in panama for Permanent Residency. They come to appreciate the remarkable advantages that exclusive Panama brings to the table. Some talented experts and specialists desire a vocation while others are setting up universal new companies.
No such evidence exists, because many people do beat the market. And many people fail to earn market rate of return. The way you achieve the former is generally to take risks that also increase the likelihood of the latter. The amount of time and effort you invest may bias that result, but generally risk and potential reward tend to track pretty closely since everyone else is making the same evaluations. You can't prove a negative. We can't prove unicorns don't exist either. We can advise you that hunting for one is probably not productive; many others have been trying, and if there was one we'd probably have seen at least something that encourages us to continue looking. Not impossible, but the evidence is far from encouraging. Market-rate-of-return can be achieved fairy reliably with minimal risk and minimal effort, and at mostly long-term tax rates. I consider that sufficient for my needs. Others will feel otherwise.
When brought for your every day habitual, vitamin C offers quite a number blessings, from nighttime out your skin tone, shielding skin from the visible influences of pollutants, substantially improving hydration, and keeping your pores and skin looking younger, longer. Regurlarly use of vitamin c serum for skin enhance  immune device and providing you with a brighten ahealthy pores and skin. Vitamin c serum for pores and skin is touted as an anti-getting older and anti-wrinkle cream. Many of those merchandise also fee an arm and a leg.  As we know that Vitamin c offers human frame an impotant role in keeping wholesome skins.
All of our paper ways are safe; if they go away this society has much bigger problems than what your retirement account is worth. I more or less understand the idea of being backed by the full faith of the government to mean that the government will be around for my entire lifetime.   It is my opinion that everybody who suggests we invest in gold, whiskey, nickels (or to a lesser extent real estate) because the value of money is going to go away, are interested in survival in a Mad Mad apocalyptic world.  I very much doubt we get there, and if we did everybody who planned for it wasted their time. Therefore, invest in the traditional methods that are frequently discussed here.  Then invest in our society, then make sure you vote from a learned position to keep our society on track with sensible leaders who are above reproach.
Consultant included a passing comment about whether companies were singular or plural. ... Writing about them as a Businesses plural entity seems oddly formal and doesn't look right at all. ... I had this scenario myself when referring to our own company name.
It does.  Your kids won't care that at one point you had to wind a ring past numbers to dial someone on the phone or that the internet didn't exist or that no one had air conditioning or that food had to be run down and killed.  People just see what is, what others have, and want more from there.
Yes, as long as you own the shares before the ex-dividend date you will get the dividends. Depending on your instructions to your broker, you can receive cash dividends or you can have the dividends reinvested in more shares of the company. There are specific Dividend ReInvestment Plans (or DRIPs) if you are after stock growth rather than income from dividend payments.
When you want to short a stock, you are trying to sell shares (that you are borrowing from your broker), therefore you need buyers for the shares you are selling.  The ask prices represent people who are trying to sell shares, and the bid prices represent people who are trying to buy shares. Using your example, you could put in a limit order to short (sell) 1000 shares at $3.01, meaning that your order would become the ask price at $3.01.  There is an ask price ahead of you for 500 shares at $3.00.  So people would have to buy those 500 shares at $3.00 before anyone could buy your 1000 shares at $3.01. But it's possible that your order to sell 1000 shares at $3.01 never gets filled, if the buyers don't buy all the shares ahead of you.  The price could drop to $1.00 without hitting $3.01 and you will have missed out on the trade. If you really wanted to short 1000 shares, you could use a market order.  Let's say there's a bid for 750 shares at $2.50, and another bid for 250 shares at $2.49.  If you entered a market order to sell 1000 shares, your order would get filled at the best bid prices, so first you would sell 750 shares at $2.50 and then you would sell 250 shares at $2.49. I was just using your example to explain things.  In reality there won't be such a wide spread between the bid and ask prices.  A stock might have a bid price of $10.50 and an ask price of $10.51, so there would only be a 1 cent difference between putting in a limit order to sell 1000 shares at $10.51 and just using a market order to sell 1000 shares and getting them filled at $10.50. Also, your example probably wouldn't work in real life, because brokers typically don't allow people to short stocks that are trading under $5 per share. As for your question about how often you are unable to make a short sale, it can sometimes happen with stocks that are heavily shorted and your broker may not be able to find any more shares to borrow. Also remember that you can only short stocks with a margin account, you cannot short stocks with a cash account.
Disputing the remark seems unlikely to move your score, since it is just that -- a remark.  It's hard to say whether the scoring models can/do read the remarks and incorporate them (somehow) into the scoring metric itself. Disputing the revolving account that should be reported as closed is a different matter.  The question there would be what the status of that account is/was.  In other words, is it showing as an open collection or some other status which would indicate the creditor still has a pending claim?  If so, disputing it might have some effect, although nobody would be able to tell you for certain or even how much your score might be affected. If, as you say, that account should have been part of the bankruptcy package then getting that corrected could be important enough to achieve what you're looking for.  You can try it and see, but even if the effect is minor, you still want your credit report to be a true reflection of the facts. I hope this helps. Good luck!
You can contribute to a Traditional IRA instead of a Roth.  The main difference is a contribution to a Roth is made with after tax money but at retirement you can withdraw the money tax free.  With a Traditional IRA your contribution is tax-deductible but at retirement the withdrawal is not tax free.  This is why most people prefer a Roth if they can contribute. You can also contribute to your work's 401k plan assuming they have one.  And you can always save for retirement in a regular account.
From my blog's discussion on 2017 tax rates.  This is the final set of numbers. So, if you currently have, say $120K taxable income, every dollar above that starts getting taxed at 25%, until $153K, then 28%.  In other words, forecast your taxes based on the day job, but then the 1099 goes on top of that.
If you know the amounts that were combined ($5,000 and $7,500 in your example) -- NOT the original loan amounts necessarily -- then you can calculate a payment schedule (in Excel, Google Sheets, online, etc.) using that amount and the interest rate.  You can then apply your payments ($100) to that payment schedule, making sure to either accrue interest if your $100 didn't cover the monthly payment, or pay down extra principal if your $100 more than covered the payment.   The outstanding principal is the amount left or remaining balance. A program like GnuCash or Quicken makes doing the payment schedule, and applying payments relatively easy to handle.  Spreadsheets will require you to have 36 lines (3 years x 12 months) of payment and recalculation detail, but that shouldn't be too much work. To be fair to your mother, make sure you include any partially accrued interest on the full balance when paying it off.  Or even better, include a full month's interest in the pay-off amount.
"A majority of employers view the:   &gt;""there weren't any jobs""  excuse as *""you weren't good enough for a job""*. I'm not arguing that there aren't more workers than jobs, it's just that employers expect to get top talent for their dollar. Why snag someone who was/is unemployed (and hence undesirable), when you can potentially steal fresh employed talent from your competitors dealing a blow to their business and a boost to your own? That's the situation we have today in the labor market.  American society and the bootstrap mentality dictate that unemployment is the fault of the unemployed. I don't see how this recession has made any significant inroads towards changing this widely held (mis)conception."
TK didnt lose investor tens of billions of dollars. Also, for the past several years the whole market rewards growth over earnings, so that helped guys like Musk and Kalanick quite a lot and to a lessor degree, Bezos and Reddings.       For all assets, investor profits come from either earnings or valuation growth and Kalanick provided quite a bit of the latter.
Il y a tellement d'entreprises qui vendent des équipements de restauration en ligne et vous devez vérifier si les critiques de l'entreprise sont bonnes ou non. Vous pouvez acheter votre équipement de restauration auprès de fournisseurs et grossistes. Le fournisseur de matériel de restauration devrait éviter de facturer fortement pour les services.
Another option if it is available is a Roth 401k.  It is similar to a Roth IRA in that you pay taxes up front, but the withdrawals are tax free.
You expect interest because you forgo the opportunity of using the money as well as the risk of losing the money if the borrower can not pay you back.  This is true also with gold - you would expect interest if you loaned someone your gold for a time period. When you deposit your money in the bank you are loaning your money to the bank who then loans the money to others.  This is how the bank is able to pay interest on your accounts.
Set up budget categories.  Earmark your income as it is paid, for your budget categories.  Pay your bills and expenses.  For debts, pay the minimum on everything.  There will be an amount left once everything is budgeted.  That's the 'extra'.  Then focus on, in order of priority, the following: So, when your emergency fund is up to an appropriate level (3-6 months of living expenses as a rule of thumb, adjusted according to your comfort level).   Once you have your emergency fund started, budget at least enough toward your 401k to capture any matching offered by your employer. Then use the snowball plan to pay off your debts.  (From what your post says, this does not apply to you, but you may have some small credit card debts taht were not discussed).  Earmark the 'extra' for the smallest debt first.  When that debt is paid, the 'extra' grows by the minimum payment of the smallest.  Thus the snowball grows as you pay off debts. Once the debts are gone, reward yourself, within reason (and without going into debt). Now shift your extra into fully funding your retirement savings.  Consult a financial advisor to help you plan how to distribute your retirement savings across the available retirement savings types.  They can explain why it's good to have some of your retirement savings funded from after tax income.  They can help you find the balance between pre- and post-tax funded accounts.   Eventually, you may come to the point where you're putting the max allowed into your tax advantaged retirement accounts.  At your age, this is a significant achievement.  Anything left over after retirement savings is funded can be used for whatever you want.  If you choose wealth building, it can lead to financial independence. The first two should be a one time thing.  You can/should do more than one at a time.  The fourth one is optional, and should not be considered until 1 and 2 are completed, and 3 is maxed out. What you achieve is up to you.  Look up FIRE, or Financially independent, retire early.  There are groups of folks striving for this.  They share advice on frugal living and wealth building strategies.  The goal is to save enough capital to live off the passive income of interest and dividends.  Most of them seem to have pre-50 target ages.  At your age and income, you could hit a pre-40 goal.  But it takes commitment and a certain type of personality.  Not for me but it might be for you.
Good god it's that expensive for CapIQ? Its pretty lame, I have to use it at work (large val shop), but its hit and miss. Have you tried Compustat or Factset? I've worked with both in the past, they seem cheaper and either may provide more reasonable pricing.
If you can afford to put money in your 401(k) account, I would say at least you should invest enough to get your employer's matching fund. It's free money, why not get it?
I wouldn't be either but here's to hoping. I think a part of me just really wants that not to be true so I don't have to uninstall all my easy/cheap ride options.   But yeah if it does that shit will get uninstalled immediately too.
"I don't have a crystal ball but chances are your tenant is definitely lying. Rent was late and now the money intended to cover the rent; miraculously is lost in the mailbox. Anyhow, you were already nice to tolerate the late ""payment"". Keshlam's option 1.5 in the comments above is the ideal way to settle in which both parties have learned a lesson and are at a loss. Demand the rent payment but settle for half as a one time courtesy. If this continues or this tenant has shown shady predicaments such as this, you should look for legal means to evict this tenant.  College students are very creative and who's to say this won't happen again? ""The neighbors dog took my wallet."""
The bigger question in the US is perhaps why the cost per kWh is twice as high in New York as it is in Washington state.  It may have quite a bit to do with taxes and regulation compliance and a lot less with natural factors in the market (cost of producing and transmitting power).
What you are looking for is travel insurance. I have never heard of this being offered as a credit card perk, but there might be something out there.  You can buy this separately, but only you can decide if it is worth the costs. To me, it would seem to only be worth it for something quite expensive, like a cruise that costs thousands of dollars. The more you travel, the less likely it is to be worth it, since at some point the cost of one canceled trip is less than the insurance paid on the rest of the trips that went through fine. As a frequent traveller, I recommend that you build some flexibility into your plans, especially during the winter. It is not always possible, but try not to need to be somewhere the day of or the day after your flight.  Try to book flights early in the day, as they are less likely to be delayed by problems in flights before them, and you have more options for rebooking. Flight delays due to weather and mechanical problems are not uncommon, and with generally full flights it is sometimes hard to be rebooked in a reasonable amount of time.  Finally, be nice to the gate agents and other airline personel.  In general, they aren't any happier about delays than you are (flight crews want to get home too) and don't have any power over weather or mechanical delays.  Being rude to them will not help, and will make them less likely to go out of their way to find a solution. Be assertive in asking for what you want, but a smile and a kind word goes a long way.
I would be weary using Yelp. I've read several stories of people being screwed over by them. For example, a company would have 10 five star reviews and one 2 star review. Yelp would only show the 2 star review on the company's main page, and would contact the business owner saying for a fee they would make the 5 star ratings show on the main page instead of the 2. Very shady but not illegal since you are opting in to use their service.
After their residency, doctors aren't OVERWORKED, they just work hard, like most other professions, and don't have time to perform their own clinical studies to vet the medications that are provided for them to prescribe. No hospital/practice/doctor has time for that except maybe a very select few.  The only law against nurses that I'm aware of (I'm sure there are others so feel free to fill me in) is the one that requires that there be physician oversight for certain procedures, which makes sense because if doctors weren't necessary for anything except surgery, there would be no doctors except surgeons.  And the limit on medical schools is a fascinating point. I hadn't heard about that, and I think that it's quite bad for costs. The only upside is that it ensures that the quality of doctors stays as high as possible, but I can see how that comes at a serious cost.
I've never needed body parts in the 7 years I've owned it, so I don't know.  But mechanical parts are the same as any other car; nearly all are available within a few days at most, but for the rare parts that have to be special-ordered from Germany, up to 2 weeks.
I don't understand your question. What the article is talking about is a bit more than circulating money indiscriminately. It is saying that by circulating more of it to rich and less to the poor will result in less growth overall, which I think we can all agree is a bad thing.
&gt;[**Новый инвест проект Cpamaxpro ! Деп 25 $ ! Инвестиции в хайп проектах? Заработок с вложениями [6:17]**](http://youtu.be/wrJvG68lpjo)  &gt;&gt;¦ Ссылка на регистрацию в проекте:  &gt; [*^Финансовый ^Вектор*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAOABF2yT1SjVqI7RK9aIUg) ^in ^People ^&amp; ^Blogs  &gt;*^1 ^views ^since ^Sep ^2017*  [^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
"From what I've heard in the past, debt can be differentiated between secured debt and unsecured debt.   Secured debt is a debt for which something stands good such as a mortgage on your house.  You have a debt, but that debt is covered by the value of an asset and if you needed to free yourself of the debt, then you could by selling that asset.   This is what is known as ""good"" debt.   Unsecured debt is debt that is incurred where the only thing that is available to pay it back is your income.  An example of this is credit card debt where you purchase something that couldn't be sold again to pay off the debt.   This is know as ""bad"" debt. You have to be careful about thinking that house debt is always ""good"" debt because the house stands good for it though.  The problem with that is that the house could go down in value and then suddenly your ""good"" debt is ""bad"" debt (or no longer secured).  Cars are very risky this way because they go down in value.  It is really easy to get a car loan where before long you are upside down.    This is the problem with the term ""good"" debt. The label makes it sound like it is a good idea to have that debt, and the risk associated with having the debt is trivialized and allows yourself to feel good about your financial plan.  Perhaps this is why so many houses are in foreclosure right now, people believed the ""good"" debt myth and thought that it was ok to borrow MORE than the home was worth to get into a house.  Thus they turned a secured debt into an unsecured debt and put their residence at risk by levels of debt they couldn't afford. Other advice I've heard and tend to agree with, is that you should only borrow for a house, an education and maybe a car (danger on that last one), being careful to buy a modest house, car etc that is well within your means to repay.   So if you do have to borrow for a car, go for basic transportation instead of the $40,000 BMW.  Keep you house payment less than 1/4th of your take home pay. Pay off the school loans as quickly as possible. Regardless of the label, ""good"" ""bad"" ""unsecured"" ""secured"", I think that less debt is better than more debt.   There is definitely such a thing as too much ""good"" debt!"
I am not a lawyer, but the big thing to consider would be how you would split the money should either of you decide you want to close the account (or, at least her/his portion of the account).  I suspect you'd also need to determine how to split the capital gains/losses for tax purposes.  I can't really see any benefit to a joint account, unless you needed her money to qualify for some of the lower cost funds, and even then the difference in cost would be fairly low, much lower than the cost of having to potentially hire a lawyer to sort out all the questions.
"Not knowing anything about your situation or what makes it so complex, I would have to agree with the other commenters.  If your accountant screws up your business goes under, but at least your personal finances are safe from that and you'll recover (unless all your wealth is tied up in your business).  If your virtual assistant uses your personal information to take all your money, ruin your credit, or any number of other things, you're going to spend a loooong time trying to get things ""back to normal"". If the few hours per month spent managing your finances is starting to add up, I might suggest looking into other ways to automate and manage them.  For instance, are all of your bills (or as many as you can) e-bills that can be issued electronically to your bank?  Have you set up online bill pay with your bank, so that you can automatically pay all the bills when they arrive?  Have you tried using any number of online services (Mint, Thrive, your bank's ""virtual wallet/portfolio"") to help with budget, expense tracking, etc.? Again, I don't know your exact situation, but hopefully some of these suggestions help.  Once I started automating my savings and a lot of my bill paying, it gave me a lot of peace of mind."
I have loved using AirBnB. I have found it easier to hire a maid to clean and it has been extremely financially advantageous for me.  Be sure to check out out regulations in your area regarding AirBnB.  I spoke with a personal advisor before I used AirBnB just to be sure that it would not affect my insurance, property taxes, as well income tax. It was very helpful to take this step before becoming a host!
"In the strictest sense of the words, Freehold and leasehold mean what you think they do. Freehold is that you own it outright and leasehold is a rental situation. That being said, there are scenarios like what Peter K. mentioned in his comment, where you're purchasing the building and business outright, but the land it sits on is actually being leased from a separate land-owner.  You may also be seeing the business itself being offered as freehold or leasehold. In this case, you may be purchasing the business of the pub from a pub company, but the building the pub resides in is leased from a property owner. The ""pub"" would be the business plan, decor, alcohol partnerships, etc. but not the physical structure in which it resides.  You should really look into hiring an Estate Agent to help you find what you're looking for. They will be able to assist in narrowing down your list, and may know of opportunities you're not seeing in ads."
"You're acting like my comments are inconsistent. They're not.  I think bitcoin's price is primarily due to Chinese money being moved outside of China. I don't think you can point to a price chart and say ""Look, that's the Chinese money right there, and look, that part isn't Chinese money"". That's what I said already."
But now you're suggesting that the losses made by Starbucks are all because of expenses made by expanding into the market. If that were the case, then, well, I doubt the management would think the UK branch is operating on a healthy basis.  Also, the point the article is trying to make is the losses are *not* just from expansion into the market. No, Starbucks in the UK is healthy and profitable, and the debt costs are inflated by bringing in debt from abroad; debt that has nothing to do with the operating and expansion costs made in the UK, and yet it lowers their tax rate.  This moving around of debt is a scheme only suitable for large multinationals, and I think it's very fair to ask if your tax system should allow such practices. After all, the smaller coffee guy on the corner or your local three-store branches don't have the ability to perform such write-offs, and therefore pay a significantly larger tax cut.
Yes, it's a risk. To put it in perspective, If we look at the data for S&P returns since 1871, we get a CAGR of 10.72%. But, that comes with a SDev (Standard deviation) of 18.67%. This results in 53 of the 146 years returning less than 4%.  Now if we repeat the exercise over rolling 8 year periods, the CAGR drops to 9.22%, but the SDev drops to 5.74%. This results in just 31 of the 139 periods returning less than 4%. On the flip side, 26 periods had an 8 year return of over 15% CAGR.  From the anti-DS article you linked, I see that you like a good analogy. For me, the returns of the S&P over the long term are like going to Vegas, and finding that after you run the math of their craps (dice rolling game) you find the expected return is 10%. You can still lose on a given roll. But over a series of a larger number of rolls, you're far ahead.  To D Stanley - I agree that returns are not quite normal, but they are not so far off. Of the 139 rolling returns, we'd expect about 68% or 95 results to be 1 SDev away. We get 88 returns +/-1SDev. 2 SDevs? We'd expect only 5% to lie outside this range, and in fact, I only get one result on the low side and 4 on the high side, 5 results vs the 7 total we'd expect. The results are a bit better (more profitable) than the Normal Bell Curve fit would suggest.
If I buy VUSA from one exchange, can I sell it in a different exchange, assuming my brokerage account lets me trade in both exchanges? Or is it somehow tied to the exchange I bought it from? This doesn't happen for all securities and between all stock exchanges. So that is dependent on broker and country. I checked for VUSA with Selftrade. They categorically refused allowing me to trade in VUSA in different exchanges. I can only buy and sell in same currency only, albeit sell(buy) in the same exchange where I buy(sell) from. Should be the same behaviour for all brokers for us mere mortals, if you are a bank or a millionaire than that might be a different question.  The VUSA you quote is quoted in GBP in LSE and in EUR in AEX, and the ETF has been created by an Irish entity and has an Irish ISIN.  As Chris mentioned below, happens between US and Canadian exchanges, but not sure it happens across all exchanges. You cannot deal in inter-listed stocks in LSE and NYSE. Since it's the same asset, its value should not vary across exchanges once you compensate for exchange rates, right? Yes, else it opens up itself for arbitrage (profit without any risk) which everybody wants. So even if any such instance occurs, either people will exploit it to make the arbitrage profit zero (security reflects the equilibrium price) or the profit from such transaction is so less, compared with the effort involved, that people will tend to ignore it. Anyways arbitrage profit is very difficult to garner nowadays, considering the super computers at work in the market who exploit these discrepancies, the moment they see them and bring the security right to the zero arbitrage profit point. If there's no currency risk because of #2, what other factors should I consider when choosing an exchange to trade in? Liquidity? Something else? Time difference, by the time you wake up to trade in Japan, the Japanese markets would have closed. Tax implications across multiple continents. Law of the land, providing protection to investors. Finding a broker dealing in markets you want to explore or dealing with multiple brokers. Regulatory headaches.
Get 15% off on your first request with Adriana Fine Jewelry, Welcome to the Adriana Fine Jewelry, purchase the customized gems gathering from our online gems store, where you can look at different rich gold accessory, rings and personalized jewelry name plated neckband gems for every one of the ladies. Alongside these adornments accumulations at adriana.jewelry, you can likewise purchase an inital ring and gold mementos for your cherished once. In our online store, you can get diverse distinctive sorts of customized adornments, gold jewelry, gold hoop, customized gathering for ladies, For encourage extra insights about us please visit to our site.
"During Graham's career, gold and currency were the same thing because of the gold standard. Graham did not advise investing in currencies, only in bonds and stocks, the latter only for intelligent speculation. Graham died a couple of years after Nixon closed the gold window, ending the gold standard.  Gold may be thought of as a currency even today, as endowments and other investors use it as a store of value or for diversification of risks. However, currency or commodities investing does not seem Graham-like. How could you reliably estimate intrinsic value of a currency or commodity, so that you can have a Graham-like margin of safety after subtracting the intrinsic value from the market value?  Saying that gold is ""clearly underpriced in today's market"" is just hand-waving. A Graham analysis such as ""net net"" (valuing stocks by their current tangible assets net of all liabilities) is a quantitative analysis of accounting numbers audited by CPAs and offers a true margin of safety."
Many partnership agreements include a shotgun clause: one person sets a price, the other can either buy at that price or sell at it. It's rather brutal. You can make offers that you know are less than the company is worth if you're sure the other person will have to take that money from you, say if you know they can't run the company without you.  He has asked for $X to be bought out, and failing that he would like to keep owning his half and send his wife (who may very well be competent, but who among other things has a very ill husband to deal with) to take his place. If he can occasionally contribute to the overall vision, and she can do the day to day, then keeping things as they are may be the smart move. But if that's not possible, it doesn't mean you have to buy him out for twice what you think it's worth.  In the absence of a partnership agreement, it's going to be hard to know what to do. But one approach might be to pretend there is a shotgun clause. Ask him, if he thinks half the company is worth $X, if he's willing to buy you out for that price and have his wife run it without you. He is likely to blurt out that it isn't worth that and she can't do that.  And at that point, you'll actually be negotiating.
"http://www.investopedia.com/articles/mortgages-real-estate/08/tax-deductible-mortgage-canada.asp  &gt; This strategy is not for everyone. Borrowing against your home is psychologically difficult, and if the investments don't yield expected returns, this strategy could yield negative results. By re-borrowing the equity in your home, you are also removing your ""cushion"" of safety if the real estate (or investment) markets take a turn for the worse. By creating an income-producing portfolio in an unregistered account, there can also be additional tax consequences - so always consult with a professional financial advisor to determine whether this strategy is for you, and if it is, have it tailor-made to you and your family's personal financial situation."
"I can't tell if you're just very stupid, young, or trolling.  You insist that if we don't like taxes we can just, ""go to Somalia."" WHICH IS NOT TRUE. Even if I did simply want to stop being American and live in Somalia I still have to pay taxes.  If it was totally free to leave you'd have a point - that I'm opting in to being here after the fact by not leaving. But that's just not the case. There is a real cost to leaving and renouncing citizenship and thus there is an aspect of being under duress to this ""agreement"" you claim we make.  Edit: Do you seriously not understand that these are exit taxes that I am talking about and not your regular income/property/whatever taxes?"
If you just make a capital contribution to the company it is not a taxable event.  If you're the owner, lending only makes sense if you want the company to pay you interest (if you have partners who aren't lending money, for example) and you want to be compensated for lending, a loan would allow that. But the interest is taxable as income to you (1099-int) and the company can expense it. But a capital contribution is much easier and you can take a distribution later to get paid back. Neither event is taxed, but you cannot take interest.
"The TWRR calculation will work even with negative values: TWRR = (1 + 0.10) x (1 + (-0.191) ) x (1 + 0.29) ^ (1/3) = 1.047 which is a 4.7% return. Your second question concerns the -19% return calculated for the second quarter.  You seem to think this return is ""way-off"".  Not really.  The TWRR calculates a return by accounting for cash that was added or deducted to/from the account.  So if I started with $100,000, added $10,000 to the account, and ended up with $110,000, what should be the return on my investment?  My answer would be 0% since the only reason my account balance went up was due to me adding cash to it.  Therefore, if I started with $100,000, added $10,000 in cash to the account, and ended up with $100,000 in my account, then my return would be a negative value since I lost the $10,000 that I deposited in the account. In the second quarter you started with $15,000, deposited $4,000, and ended with $15,750.  You essentially lost almost all of the $4,000 you deposited.  That is a significant loss."
"Yes, your tax bracket is 25%.  However, that doesn't mean that your take home pay will be 75% of your salary.  There is much more that goes into figuring out what your take home pay will be. First, you have payroll taxes.  This is often listed on your pay stub as ""FICA.""  The Social Security portion of this tax is 6.2% on the first $118,500 of your pay and the Medicare portion is another 1.45% on the first $200,000.  (Your employer also has to pay additional tax that does not appear on your stub.)  So 7.65% of your salary gets removed off the top. In addition to the federal income taxes that get withheld, you may also have state income taxes that get withheld.  The amount varies with each state. Also, the 25% tax bracket does not mean that your tax is 25% of your entire salary.  You step through the tax brackets as your income goes up.  So part of your salary is taxed at 10%, part at 15%, and the remainder is at 25%. The amount of federal income tax that is withheld from your paycheck is really a rough estimate of how much tax you actually owe.  There are lots of things that can reduce your tax liability (personal exemptions, deductions, credits) or increase your tax (investment income, penalties).  When you do your tax return, you calculate the actual tax that you owe, and you either get a refund if too much was taken out of your check, or you need to send more money in if too little was taken out."
&gt;While there is truth to this guidance, it fails to take into account that the human body continues to fight against weight loss long after dieting has stopped.  But isn't that the wrong mentality? It's about altering your diet for life, not 'dieting' for a period of time.
Bank A only care about the credit limit at Bank B when determining the maximum amount of credit they will grant you.  In theory you might be able to convince them that by cancelling the other card they should increase the limit on their card.  Of course since you owe too much money to do a balance transfer before the cancelling of a card you will need them increase the limit first. They will have to decide if your income, credit usage history, credit core, and age of your account with them justifies the increase. I don't think you have a good plan for using the increased debt, it is way to risky. But if you have enough income to save 3K a month you might be a good candidate for a higher credit limit.
"1. So who created the income noted in the photo to give to ""you""?  2.  Cut it any way you want but this is top down control that decides how much and who get goods and services. Freedom and liberty ?  Meh.   Would this writer even have a job commenting in a system he is proposing?"
Planning for outdoor event, we can make it clean &amp; success by our best portable toilets, portable restrooms, bathrooms perfect all outdoor events. If you are planning for any open air event, contact us portable sanitation or washroom. Give us a chance to offer you better services and products on rent to make events more memorable and successful.
"One of the very best case studies of the dangers of sacrificing product quality for profit, [Schlitz Brewing Company](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Schlitz_Brewing_Company) was [on the fortune 500 at one time](http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune500_archive/snapshots/1969/3214.html). In the 70's, Schlitz management [decided to make some changes to their beer to increase profit margins.](http://www.beerconnoisseur.com/the-fall-of-schlitz) They changed the fermentation process to a faster one, started using corn syrup instead of malt, and used hop pellets instead of fresh hops. They used unusual additives to compensate, which under certain circumstances make the beer the consistency of ""snot."" Short-term profits went up, long-term customers stopped buying the beer.    But if you want more modern examples, here are three from the [full list of 2012 fortune 500 companies](http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune500/2012/full_list/):  * [Morgan Stanley](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morgan_Stanley#Controversies_and_lawsuits) - responsible for global economic crash, sold financial products to customers while quietly betting against them. * Bank of America - doubles interest rates on customers in good standing and now charges fees for everything, including talking to a teller. * General Motors - now builds cars with interiors made mostly of cheap plastic.  edit: fixed link"
"I expect the company wanted to pay you for a product (on a purchase order) rather than as  a contract laborer. Whatever. Would they be willing to re-issue the check to you as a sole proprietor of a business named ABC Consulting (or anything like that)? You can register your sole proprietor business with the state using a ""Doing Business As"" (DBA, or fictitious name), and then open the bank account for your business using the check provided by the customer as the first deposit. (There is likely a smaller registration fee for the DBA.) If they won't re-issue the check and you have to go the LLC route... Scrounge up $125 doing odd jobs or borrowing from a friend or parents. Seriously, anyone can earn that amount of money in a week or two. Besides the filing fee for the LLC, your bank may require you to provide an Operating Agreement (which is not required by the State). The Operating Agreement can be simple, or more complex if you have a partner (even if it's a spouse). If you do have a partner, it is essential to have such an agreement because it would specify the responsibilities and benefits allocated to each partner, particularly in the event of equity distributions (taking money out of the business, or liquidating and ending the LLC). There are websites that will provide you a boilerplate form for Operating Agreements. But if your business is anything more than just single member LLC, you should pay an attorney to draw one up for you so the wording is right. It's a safeguard against potential future lawsuits. And, while we're at it, don't forget to obtain a EIN (equivalent to a SSN) from the IRS for your LLC. There's no cost, but you'll have to have it to file taxes as a business for every year the LLC exists and has income. Good luck!"
Wire transfers normally run through either the Fedwire system or the Clearing House Interbank Payments System (CHIPS). The process generally works like this: You approach a bank or other financial institution and ask to transfer money. You give the bank a certain code, either an international bank account number or one of several other standards, which informs the bank where to send the money.  The bank sends a message through a system like Fedwire to the receiving bank, along with settlement instructions.  This is where the process can get a bit tricky. For the wire transfer to work, the banks must have reciprocal accounts with each other, or the sending bank must send the money to a bank that does have such an account with the receiver. If the sending bank sends the money to a third-party bank, the transaction is settled between them, and the money is then sent to the receiving bank from the third-party bank. This last transaction may be a wire transfer, ACH transfer, etc.  The Federal Reserve fits into this because many banks hold accounts for this purpose with the Federal Reserve. This allows them to use the Fed as the third-party bank referred to above. Interestingly enough, this is one of the significant ways in which the Fed makes a profit, because it, along with every other bank and routing agent in the process, collects a miniscule fee on this process.  You'll often find sources that state that Fedwire is only for transferring large transactions; while this is technically correct, it's important to understand that financial institutions don't settle every wire transfer or payment immediately. Although the orders are put in immediately, the financial institutions settle their transactions in bulk at the end of the business day, and even then they normally only settle the difference. So, if Chase owes Bank of America $1M, and Bank of America owes Chase $750K, they don't send these as two transactions; Chase simply credits BAC $250K.  You didn't specifically ask about ACH transfers, which as littleadv pointed out, are different from wire transfers, but since ACH transfers can often form a part of the whole process, I'll explain that process too. ACH is a payment processing system that works through the Federal Reserve system, among others. The Federal Reserve (through the Fedline and FedACH systems) is by far the largest payment processor.  The physical cash itself isn't transferred; in simple terms, the money is transferred through the ACH system between the accounts each bank maintains at the Federal Reserve.  Here is a simple example of how the process works (I'm summarizing the example from Wikipedia). Let's say that Bob has an account with Chase and wants to get his paycheck from his employer, Stack Exchange, directly deposited into this account. Assume that Stack Exchange uses Bank of America as their bank.  Bob, the receiver, fills out a direct deposit authorization form and gives it to his employer, called the originator. Once the originator has the authorization, they create an entry with an Originating Depository Financial Institution, which acts as a middleman between a payment processor (like the Federal Reserve) and the originator. The ODFI ensures that the transaction complies with the relevant regulations. In this example, Bank of America is the ODFI.  Bank of America (the ODFI) converts the transaction request into an ACH entry and submits it, through an ACH operator, to the Receiving Depository Financial Institution (RDFI), which in this case is Chase bank. Chase credits (deposits) the paycheck in Bob's account.  The Federal Reserve fits into all of this in several ways. Through systems like Fedline and FedACH, the Fed acts as an ACH operator, and the banks themselves also maintain accounts at the Federal Reserve, so it's the institution that actually performs the settling of accounts between banks.
&gt;If nothing else, Sears is where you go for tools. No tools that are not made in the U.S., and nothing that isn't Craftsman unless absolutely necessary.   Sears doesn't own Craftsman anymore. Sold it to Stanley Black &amp; Decker in March.
For this scheme to work, you would require an investment with no chance of a loss. Money market accounts and short-term t-bills are about your only options. The other thing is that you will need to be very careful to never miss the payment date. One month's late charges will probably wipe out a few months' profit. The only other caveat, which I'm sure you've considered, is that having your credit maxed out will hurt your credit score.
Are you fucking stupid or just retarded?  There isn't another country in the world remotely with the size of economy we have or that are starting wars like we are.  Do you understand that wars are 10-15 year commitments with tens of trillions ~~wasted ~~ stolen ?  I'm not going to argue with the flat earth society.. go troll someone else with your fantasy arguments.
as a past intern:  * don't bring an attache  * don't wear a suit, unless you're expected to, or for certain events (clients/big meetings/events/etc). * look around you. your team/floor doesn't wear ties. don't wear a tie (unless for something like #2). Same for suits, etc.. I mean you can wear anything you want, but don't over do it. this also should go with time you arrive and time you leave. try to mimic your team. obviously as an intern you don't need to stay until 8pm. typical hours are 9-6 depending on your area/team. don't be the intern leaves right when it hits 5:00pm...this ain't a shop rite shift. your hours depend on your work and how ahead/behind you are. * don't be afraid to ask questions. you *should* ask questions. just don't over do it. these people are very busy. * be respectful * go to events with your fellow interns. be social. be nice. * don't get too wasted at networking events * don't get too stressed out. its just a job, its not life and death. unless you really mess up, chances are you'll get an offer letter at the end of the summer. * *try* to stay off reddit :) * have fun.
When I had a high-deductible healthcare plan, I used http://www.ehealthinsurance.com/ to do comparisons among the plans.  As far as comparing the costs of specific procedures across providers, I'm not aware of any good ways either.
"&gt; What kind of bullshit is this?     &gt;&gt; Between October 2008 and July 2014 the working age population grew by 13.4 million persons  I'll explain about what kind it is.    The working age population is defined as [The civilian noninstitutional population consists of persons 16 years of age and older residing in the 50 States and the District of Columbia who are not inmates of institutions \(for example, penal and mental facilities and homes for the aged\) and who are not on active duty in the Armed Forces.](http://www.bls.gov/lau/rdscnp16.htm#cnp)  Note that there is no upper age limit on this ""working age population"".  The large majority of people are retired by the time they are 65.  The labor force participation rate for the 65 &amp; up group is under 20%.  So how much did the population aged 16-64 grow from Oct 2008 to July 2014?  By 5.8 million."
NYC ban is not the same as the state wide ban. Sorry you can't comprehend the difference between a state and a city.  Also, you might find this interesting as once again your completely and fucking utterly wrong :  https://www.google.com/amp/reason.com/blog/2017/01/02/despite-ban-new-york-city-had-more-airbn/amp  Now, let's imagine a world where you're actually right, and NYC fines and policing some how stopped people from listing their places; this is still one single city amongst tens of thousands where it's illegal, yet there are millions of listings in total in those cities.  So your argument is as dumb as a flat earthier or climate denier... Your one example doesn't event back you up, and even if it did it's counters to tens of thousands of example that prove you're wrong.
Go google their bank accounts. What the fuck do you think 'profit' is? It's left over money after you pay out.   Money NOT spent. The fuck? Money stacked quarter on quarter year on year. All of apples 300b isn't overseas and it's not spent benefiting America.
"You need a license/registration to be a ""conventional"" financial planner.  But as long as your work is limited to budgets, and cash flow analysis, it may be more like accounting. In your shoes, I would consult the local CPA association about what you need (if anything) to do what you're doing."
Left out, of course, is the fact that this is Argentina's eighth default, because its policymakers are complete nincompoops, and the fact that, instead of not paying anybody by complying with the ruling, it could probably have struck a deal with NML to pay them the principal and interest (or a bit less, if they were decent negotiators) by waiting until December when a bond clause expires that states Argentina can't willingly pay less to some creditors than others. The blame isn't all Argentina's, but there's a reason why this sort of stuff doesn't happen in literally any other country in Latin America on such a regular basis.
"&gt; We may have an oversupply of retail square footage  True, but many will be repurposed into ""showrooms"". The future of retail still includes brick and mortar. Consumers still prefer the sensory experience- the sense of touch for many shopping sectors. So, what we may find is the customer can go to the store, see the item, but the item will be delivered same day or next day to the customer's home. This will allow the store to have smaller spaces as they dont need to carry tons of inventory as a local warehouse will have the inventory. The store exists as a showroom to showcase the product and it could also be a place for the customer to pick up or drop off some items. The buzz word right now is ""experiential"". Stores need to be able to provide experiences that digital stores cannot provide. When I first heard the word ""experiential"", I immediately thought about now closed Sports Authority. Every time I went there, the store had tons of square footage, but it was mostly filled with clothing, sport wear, sports equipment that I can find at Walmart or Target, or I could order it from Amazon.  There was absolutely no differentiator. Looking back, the stores I have been to always had so much square footage that there could have been a mini rock climbing gym, simulation activities with tennis, golf, etc. Those are experiences that can just continually draw people, especially kids. If retail does not provide experiences like that, it will die."
"While I haven't experienced being ""grad student poor"" myself (I went to grad school at night and worked full-time), I would shoot for 10-20% per month ($150-$300).  This depends of course on how much you currently have in savings.  If it isn't much, you might want to attempt a higher savings percentage (30-40%). If you can move to a less-expensive place, do that as soon as you can.  It's your largest expense; any place you can spend less on than $900 creates instance savings without having to sacrifice what you categorize as living expenses."
"As i see it, with a debit card, they   are taken kinda out of the game. They   are not lending money, it seems really   bad for them. Not exactly. It is true that they're not lending money, but they charge a hefty commission from the retailers for each swipe which is pure profit with almost no risk. One of the proposals considered (or maybe approved already, don't know) in Congress is to cap that hefty commission, which will really make the debit cards merely a service for the checking account holder, rather than a profit maker for the bank. On the other hand, it's   definitely good for individuals. I disagree with that. Debit cards are easier to use than checks, but they provide much less protection than credit cards. Here's what I had to say on this a while ago, and seems like the community agrees. But, why do we really need a credit   history to buy some of the more   expensive stuff Because the system is broken. It rewards people in debt by giving them more opportunities to get into even more debts, while people who owe nothing to noone cannot get a credit when they do need one. With the current system the potential creditor can only asses the risk of someone who has debt already, they have no way of assessing risks of someone with no debts. To me, all this credit card system   seems like an awfully nice way to make   loads of money, backed by governments   as well. Well, credit cards have nothing to do with it. It's the credit scores system that is broken. If we replace the ""card"" with ""score"" in your question - then yes, you're thinking correctly. That of course is true for the US, in other countries I have no knowledge on how the creditors assess the risks."
"The founders almost certainly owe tax on the ""income"" represented by the rent they aren't being charged. It isn't clear whether the corporation also owes income tax on the rent it is not receiving back from them. You definitely want advice from a paid tax accountant, not least because that helps protect everyone should this arrangement be challenged."
"It's not usually apparent to the average consumer, but there's actually two stages to collecting a payment, and two ways to undo it.  The particular combination that occurs may lead to long refund times, on top of any human delays (like Ben Miller's answer addresses). When you pay with a credit card, it is typically only authorized - the issuing bank says ""I'm setting this money aside for this transaction"", but no money actually changes hands.  You'll typically see this on your statement as a ""pending"" charge.  Only later, in a process called ""settlement"", does your bank actually send money to the merchant's bank.  Typically, this process starts the same day that the authorization happens (at close of business), but it may take a few days to complete.  In the case of an ecommerce transaction, the merchant may not be allowed to start it until they ship whatever you ordered. On the flip side, a given transaction can be voided off or money can be sent back to your card.  In the first case, the transaction will just disappear altogether; in the second, it may disappear or you may see both the payment and the refund on your statement.  Voids can be as fast as an authorization, but once a transaction has started settlement, it can't be voided any more.  Sending money back (a ""refund"") goes through the same settlement process as above, and can take just as long. So, to specifically apply that to your question: You get the SMS when the transaction is authorized, even though no money has yet moved.  The refund money won't show up until several days after someone indicates that it should happen, and there's no ""reverse authorize"" operation to let you or your bank know that it's coming."
Before everyone says he should just stay home, think of a one car household, much more likely in a rising market. Be trapped at home all night, or do one or two things you don't like along with that shopping that you needed to do anyway.   TL;DR: You get dragged places if you have only one car.
A system for monitoring, processing and storing operating parameters of a boiler room. A sonar gauge for measuring the level of liquid fuel in a storage tank, thermocouples to measure temperatures at varous points in the boiler room, and means to monitor the operating status of boiler room equipment are provided. Means to convert to digital data, store and analyze the digital data, and transmit the digital data to a remote location are provided.  Inventor: Jeffrey Solomon Primary Examiner: S. A. Melnick Current U.S. Classification: 702/54; 122/448.1; 237/8.00A International Classification: G06F 1574  View patent at USPTO Search USPTO Assignment Database Citations Cited Patent Filing date Issue date Original Assignee Title US3873817 May 4, 1972 Mar 2, 1975  LPT(I)SIH US4275382 Jul 18, 1979 Jun 23, 1981  Apparatus for monitoring and controlling vessels containing liquid US4373662 Oct 17, 1980 Feb 15, 1983 Honeywell Inc. Integrated control system using a microprocessor US4403296 Dec 18, 1980 Sep 6, 1983 Electromedics, Inc. Measuring and determination device for calculating an output determination based on a mathematical relationship between multiple different input responsive transducers US4433646 Sep 16, 1982 Feb 28, 1984 The Babcock &amp; Wilcox Company Boiler water trip system US4486625 Sep 29, 1982 Dec 4, 1984 Clear Meadow Research Co. Computerized measurement response system US4487065 Mar 7, 1983 Dec 11, 1984 Cypher Systems Storage tank level monitoring apparatus and method therefor US4577270 Oct 5, 1984 Mar 18, 1986 Hitachi, Ltd. Hitachi Engineering Co., Ltd. Plant control method US4598668 Jan 9, 1985 Jul 8, 1986 Energy Systems and Service Corp. Apparatus for efficiently controlling the operation of parallel boiler units US4601201 Mar 7, 1985 Jul 22, 1986 Tokyo Tatsuno Co., Ltd. Liquid level and quantity measuring apparatus US4602344 Oct 25, 1984 Jul 22, 1986 Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. Method and system for measurement of liquid level in a tank US4700569 Nov 2, 1984 Oct 20, 1987 Endress u. Hauser GmbH u. Co. Method and arrangement for signal transmission in ultrasonic echo sounding systems US4716536 Apr 16, 1985 Dec 29, 1987 The Foxboro Company Measurement calibration US4782698 Dec 29, 1986 Nov 8, 1988 General Motors Corporation Method and apparatus for measuring oil level US4788648 May 27, 1986 Nov 29, 1988 Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. Method and system for measurement of a liquid level in a tank US4864972 Jun 8, 1987 Sep 12, 1989  Boiler optimization for multiple boiler heating plants US4922861 Jan 25, 1989 May 8, 1990 Toto Ltd. Multiple-purpose instantaneous gas water heater US4966127 Jan 19, 1988 Oct 30, 1990  Method and apparatus for saving energy in direct fired boilers Referenced by Citing Patent Filing date Issue date Original Assignee Title US5279263 Feb 5, 1993 Jan 18, 1994 Elsag International B.V. Cascaded steam temperature control applied to a universal pressure boiler US5419285 Apr 25, 1994 May 30, 1995 Henry Vogt Machine Co. Boiler economizer and control system US5793705 Sep 18, 1996 Aug 11, 1998 International Business Machines Corporation Ultrasonic liquid level gauge for tanks subject to movement and vibration US6059195 Jan 23, 1998 May 9, 2000 Tridelta Industries, Inc. Integrated appliance control system US6129284 Sep 17, 1999 Oct 10, 2000 Tridelta Industries, Inc. Integrated appliance control system US6536678 Dec 15, 2000 Mar 25, 2003 Honeywell International Inc. Boiler control system and method US6647302 Dec 15, 2000 Nov 11, 2003 Honeywell International Inc. Human interface panel for boiler control system US6745085 Dec 15, 2000 Jun 1, 2004 Honeywell International Inc. Fault-tolerant multi-node stage sequencer and method for energy systems US6813631 Dec 15, 2000 Nov 2, 2004 Honeywell International Inc. Automatic self configuration of client-supervisory nodes US7016742 Nov 27, 2002 Mar 21, 2006 BaHelle Memorial Institute Decision support for operations and maintenance (DSOM) system US7196891 Jul 27, 2004 Mar 27, 2007 Macronix International Co., Ltd. Control circuit for frequency converter US7891572 Apr 5, 2007 Feb 22, 2011 C. Cowles &amp; Company Temperature and low water monitoring for boiler systems US8008603 Aug 31, 2007 Aug 30, 2011  Boiler protection apparatus and method US8009060 Sep 26, 2001 Aug 30, 2011 Lockheed Martin Corporation Remote monitoring of munition assets US8068727 Jan 29, 2008 Nov 29, 2011 AOS Holding Company Storage-type water heater having tank condition monitoring features US8162232 Mar 21, 2008 Apr 24, 2012 AOS Holding Company Water storage device having a powered anode Claims 1. A system for automatically monitoring, processing, and storing operating parameters of a boiler room comprising:  (a) means for detecting a level of liquid fuel in a storage tank and generating a fist set of electrical signals indicating the level; (b) means for measuring temperatures at various locations in the boiler room and generating a second set of electrical signals indicative of the temperatures; (c) means for monitoring the operating status of a plurality of conventional boiler room equipment and generating a third set of electrical signals indicative of the monitored operating status; (d) computer means located in the boiler room for selecting from the first, second and third set of electrical signals generated and internally processing and storing the selected electrical signals in accordance with a set of internally programmed instructions; and (e) means for transmitting the processed signals stored in the computer means from the computer means located in the boiler room to a computer located in a remote location. 2. A system as in claim 1 wherein the means for detecting the level of liquid in the storage tank comprises a sonar device mounted in the storage tank comprising:  (a) means for transmitting an ultrasonic signal in a direction generally perpendicular to the surface of the liquid fuel in the storage tank; (b) means for detecting an echo of the transmitted ultrasonic signal from the surface level of the liquid fuel in the storage tank; (c) means for electrically measuring a time differential between transmission of the ultrasonic signal and the detection of the echo of the ultrasonic signal; and (d) means for generating the first electrical signal indicative of the level of the liquid fuel in the storage tank in accordance with the measured time differential. 3. A system as in claim 2 wherein the first electrical signal consists of electrical current the value of which is indicative of the level of the liquid fuel in the storage tank.  4. A system as in claim 3 wherein the computer means comprises an interface means comprising:  (a) a resistor means for converting the electrical current into an analog voltage, the value of which is indicative of the level of the liquid fuel in the storage tank; and (b) analog to digital conversion means for converting the analog voltage into a digital signal which can be processed by the computer means. 5. A system as in claim 1 wherein the means for measuring the temperatures at various locations in the boiler room comprises thermocouple devices located at the point at which the temperature is measured, which generate the second set of electrical signals indicative of the measured temperatures.  6. A system as in claim 5 wherein the thermocouple devices are comprised of:  (a) a first thermocouple at the liquid fuel drawn from the storage tank; (b) a second thermocouple at the water resident in a boiler room; (c) a third thermocouple at the water drawn from the boiler for use as domestic hot water; and (d) a fourth thermocouple at the gases expelled from the boiler through a stack. 7. A system as in claim 6 wherein the second set of electrical signals is comprised of analog voltage signals.  8. A system as in claim 7 wherein the computer means comprises an interface means comprising analog to digital conversion means for converting the analog voltage signals into a set of digital signals which can be processed by the computer means.
I was thinking to do mix of ELSS and Tax Saving FDs. But is my choice correct? Also what other options I am left with? This depends on individual's choice and risk appetite. Generally at younger age, investment in ELSS / PPF is advisable. Other options are Life Insurance, Retirement Plans by Mutual Funds, NSC, etc
8 hard inquiries spread over two years is not a negative factor, with a score of 750. Real question #1: How much of your credit limits are you currently using? Less than 30% of your credit limits is good. Less than 15% is even better, 10% is great You don't need to wait X amount of days after applying for a mortgage or a card to increase your chances of getting approved for something else. You do need to be conscious of how many hard pulls you have done in a reporting period though, but again as I said, 8 spread over two years is not a whole lot. Real question #2: What negative things do you have in your credit history? Young age, income, delinquent payments, bankruptcies, low limits? Some of these negative factors are catch-22's (low limits, young age = low limits because of age and young credit history)  but these contribute to how much institutions would be willing to lend you
"While I agree that highly processed foods, including plant based meat substitutes, are probably not the best things we could be eating, damning them with scare words like ""chemicals"" is unhelpful and certainly doesn't account for the bigger picture.  All food is made of chemicals- water is a chemical, broccoli is full of various chemicals.  Looking at the specific nutritional profile of meat alternatives most of them fall somewhere between marginally better and no worse than meat based foods.  Getting protein from leafy greens, whole grains, nuts, and legumes would probably be better, but meat alternatives still make it easier for people to adopt plant based diets, and see them as viable, which is likely to have a positive health impact, or again at least be no worse than an omnivorous diet.  You also discount the non-health related reasons that people choose these options.  Many people may be choosing meat alternatives because of concerns over animal welfare or the environment.  Other people may simply like the taste- many options are different enough from meat to not be comparable from a taste standpoint, and many plant based meat alternatives are much better tasting than similar frozen convenience foods made from animals."
In a secular bull market, strong investor sentiment drives prices higher, as participants, over time, are net buyers. Secular markets are typically driven by large-scale national and   worldwide events... demographic/ population shifts,   governmental policies... bear market periods occur within   the longer interval, but do not reverse the trend. There are still many reasons to buy the long bond, despite the lack of yield (nearly flat term structure of interest rates). Despite the recent credit ratings agency downgrades of U.S. sovereign risk, the T-bond offers greater relative security than many alternatives.  If Germany were NOT part of the EU, its government bonds would be issued by the Bundesbank, denominated in Deutsche Marks. German government bonds would probably be a better choice than the U.S. Treasury's 30-year bond.  Long-term maturity U.S. Treasuries are in demand by investment and portfolio managers because:
My perspective is from the US. Many employers offer 401(k)s and you can always contribute to an IRA for either tax deferred or tax free investment growth. If you're company offers a 401(k) match you should always contribute the maximum amount they max or you're leaving money on the table.    Companies can't always support pensions and it isn't the best idea to rely on one entirely for retirement unless your pension is from the federal government.   Even states such as Illinois are going through extreme financial difficulties due to pension funding issues. It's only going to get worse and if you think pension benefit accrual isn't going to be cut eventually you'll have another thing coming. I'd be worried if I was a state employee in the middle of my career with no retirement savings outside of my pension.   Ranting: Employees pushed hard for some pretty absurd commitments and public officials let the public down by giving in. It seems a little crazy to me that someone can work for the state until they're in their 50's and then earn 70% of their 6 figure salary for the rest of their life. Something needs to be done but I'd be surprised if anyone has the political will to make tough choices now before thee options get much much worse and these states are forced to make a decision.
If the IRA is costing you $100 a year, you should almost certainly transfer it to a cheaper provider, regardless of whether you're going to withdraw anything.  You can transfer the IRA to another provider that doesn't charge you the fees.  Or you can convert it to Roth and combine it with your existing Roth.  Either way, you will keep all the money, and save $100 per year in the future. If you want to take money out of your retirement accounts, you should take it out of your Roth IRA, because you can withdraw contributions (i.e., up to the amount you contributed) from the Roth without tax or penalty. Whether you should withdraw anything from your retirement accounts is a different question.  If you're already maxing out your Roth IRA, and you have sufficient retirement savings, you could just instead plow that $5500 into your student loans.  (If you can afford it, of course, it'd be better to just pay the $7500 from your income and still contribute to the retirement accounts.)  There's no reason to withdraw from retirement accounts to pay loans when you could just divert current income for that purpose instead.
Consumer Reports actually reverted their stance on the Model S and gave back their recommendation after Tesla performed an automatic update to their vehicles.  I don't know any other car manufacturers that perform OTA updates like android/ios phones.
"He's pretty much correct now though. You either have to pick one of the few fields that will guarantee high pay in the future, or work a trade instead.  Any ""lesser"" degree is literally worthless now because everyone has them."
I researched quite a bit around this topic, and it seems that this is indeed false. Long ter asset growth does not converge to the compound interest rate of expected return. While it is true that standard deviations of annualized return decrease over time, because the asset value itself changes over time, the standard deviations of the total return actually increases.      Thus, it is wrong to say that you can take increased risk because you have a longer time horizon.  Source
On the off chance that you have thoughts to purchase an utilized car, the initial step includes endeavoring to locate the trustable second hand car dealer that fits your funds. You can sift through the chase in light of different parameters comprising Masai second hand car seller, kms driven, gas sort, body kind and ownership which also rearranges the way to buy second hand car. The utilized vehicle stage at Masai Auto City offers probability to each individuals and venders to list their used Cars available and bear in mind it's far completely fit for you.
If the check is written as a check to BigCo, it is less clear how Jack can compensate himself for the equity sale. It is as if the equity was owned by the corporation, not by Jack. This is correct.  If the check is written to BigCo, then it is BigCo issuing new shares.  Jack doesn't compensate himself for the equity sale, as he didn't sell anything.  The company traded shares for money which it uses for expansion.  In the long term, the capital gain from expansion may exceed the value of a $200,000 no-interest loan to the company.   If the value of the company before investing $250,000 is $1 million, then the value after investing is $1.25 million.  So $250,000 is 20% of the value of the company.  BigCo should not give the buyer 25% of BigCo but only 20% in that example.  If it does give 25%, the buyer is getting a $312,500 stake for only $250,000.   With the other example, Jack sells 25% of the company for $250,000 from his personal shares.  This doesn't change the assessed value of the company, just Jack's stake.  Jack then loans the company $200,000.  This also doesn't change the assessed value of the company (at least in theory).  It gains $200,000 but has an offsetting debt of $200,000.  In net, that's no change.  Assets and liabilities balance the same.   So if you know that the assessed value of the company is $1 million and that the buyer is paying $250,000 for a 25% stake at that same valuation, then you know that the check is being written to Jack.  If the check is written to BigCo, then one or more of those numbers is incorrect.   The buyer could be getting a 20% stake.  The new value of the company after the investment is $1.25 million.   Or paying $333,333.33.  The new value of the company after the investment is $1,333,333.33.   Or BigCo could only be worth $750,000 before the investment.  The new value of the company after the investment is $1 million.   Or Jack is getting screwed, selling $312,500 in stock (25%) for only $250,000.  Jack's shares drop from being worth $1 million to only $937,500.  The value of the company is $1.25 million.   Or some combination of smaller changes that balances.
It's not your money. What does your wife think of this?  You know, the withdrawal is subject to full tax at your marginal rate as well as a 10% penalty. That's quite a price to pay, don't do it.
I see what you mean, we are talking about different things. You are talking about early check-in. Which you can on Airbnb sometimes, usually though it's similar to hotel times in the afternoon.  I was talking about check-in at any time after you actually have booked. If I booked it I can even arrive at like 3am in the night and not worry I'm keeping someone up. But with an Airbnb host it's a lot less likely.  As I said some might leave you the keys. I even had a host who made me wait an hour to let me check 10pm. Because of some security  thing. Obviously renting it when they shouldn't be.  That said, still use and prefer Airbnb. But was saying at a hotel you can check in any time (implication was after you booked) and an Airbnb you are at their mercy.
I've had luck finding old stock information in the Google scanned newspaper archives. Unfortunately there does not appear to be a way to search exactly by date, but a little browsing /experimenting should get what you want. For instance, here's a source which shows the price to be 36 3/4 (as far as I can read anyway) on that date.
Usually that is the case that when fixed rates are lower than the variable rates, it is an indication that the banks feel the next movement in rates could be down. You also need to look at the fixed rates for different periods, for example 1 year fixed compared to 3 year fixed and 5 year fixed rates. If you find the 3 and 5 year fixed rates are higher than the 1 year fixed rates this could be an indication that the banks feel rates will fall in the short term but the falls won't last long and will continue to rise after a year or so. If the 3 year fixed rates are also low in comparison, then the banks may feel that the economy is heading for a longer term down trend. The banks won't want to lose out, so will change their fixed rates on their perception of where they feel the economy is headed. Since your post in May 2011, the standard variable rate has since dropped twice (in November and December) to be at 7.30%. You will also find that fixed rates have also been dropped further by the banks, indicating additional future cuts in the variable rates. Regards, Victor
Given what you state you should shop around for an advisor. Think of the time required to pursue your strategies that you list? They already have studied much of what you seek to learn about. Any good investor should understand the basics. This is Canadian based but many of the concepts are universal. Hope you find it helpful. http://www.getsmarteraboutmoney.ca/Pages/default.aspx
Machine learning is definitely applied to trading, but I have not tried it myself. For now I've been focused on figuring out the platforms and how they work; I have not been trying out other strategies besides a SMAC strategy. The most machine learning-like application I've attempted was cross-validation by walk-forward analysis (I'm publishing that post on Monday).  I know nothing about TensorFlow other than it's used for deep learning and that it doesn't work on Windows and thus would not work on my more powerful gaming computer, and like I said above, I have not been exploring machine learning right now. Neural networks are on my radar, on the list of things I need to read, but there was a topic on r/algotrading recently where most users said that deep learning has not demonstrated better performance than more traditional ML techniques and looks like a fad. I want to convince myself of that first, though.  I'm glad you enjoyed the post and my site! Thank you!
"I presumed he wanted 13 years of data at market close. Of course the more frequently he wants the data and the more attributes he wants the larger the file will be.  I'm all but certain he thinks he's going to be the first genius to develop a quant screen and identify ""hot stocks""."
The principal of the loan is the amount you borrow.  The capitalized interest is added to the principal of the loan, because you are not paying this interest as it accrues.  So when you begin payments, the principal of the loan is $5,500 + $436 = $5,936. Using the standard amortization formula (see this page for details), the per-month payment for a ten-year payment plan at 6.8% interest on principal of $5,936 is $68.31.  One hundred twenty payments (each month for ten years) totals $8,197.40.
If your uncle is looking to maintain life insurance coverage for specific shorter period of time he may want to look into hybrid life insurance. If you buy a hybrid universal life policy, the premium and death benefit can be guaranteed to last until any age. Since, most permanent policies focus on cash value accumulation it is hard for most people to find cheap whole life or affordable universal life. Consumers only looking for a longer duration have a more flexible choice with a new hybrid product that combines elements of both term life coverage and universal life. Hybrid universal  policies are much cheaper then other permanent coverage such as whole life coverage because they do not emphasize cash value accumulation. However, the premiums and death benefits can still be guaranteed to a specific age (i.e. 85, 90, 95, 100). So, premiums can be scaled to coordinate with your desired budget and the face amount required for your family. Typical universal life and whole life insurance contracts only allow for lifetime coverage. However, hybrid universal life offers a much smaller premium because the coverage can be dialed into a specific age. If the policyholder does live beyond the originally selected age, the death benefit will simply begin getting smaller, while the original premium will  continue to remain the same.
20% is almost certainly too high. I agree with 2%, as a very rough rule. It will vary significantly depending on the industry. I generally calculate an average of the previous 2-3 years working capital, and deduct that from cash. Working capital is Current Assets less Current Liabilities. Current Assets is comprised of cash, prepaid expenses, and significantly, accounts receivable. This means that CA is likely to be much higher than just cash, which leaves more excess cash after liabilities are deducted. Which reduces EV, which makes the EV/EBITDA ratio look even more pricey, as Dimitri noted. But a balance sheet is just a snapshot of the final day of the quarter. As such, and because of seasonal effects, it's critical to smooth this by averaging several periods. After calculating this for a few companies, compare to revenue. Is it close to 2%?
LOL. You think the game is fair, big man? You think its all about that one big idea, and then you're gonna be rich?  Why don't you finish high school, and get a real job and plan your big startup, and then we'll have this conversation.
thats my main regret - similar to cfa vs. mba  they only hire kids right out of top tier schools with inflated gpas (harvard im looking at you) and these kids dont know their asses from their elbows and they immediately get into the models and bottles mindset  id take a state schooler with a level head any day over wanna be rainmakers
"Economic hardship is just as misleading as ""economic slavery"".  If you are working two jobs and can't afford rent... How can you better yourself?  Sure, if you are exceptionally intelligent and/or charismatic and/or exceptionally great in some other way, you could find a way out of the hole.  But if you are working two full-time jobs and are trying your best - that should be enough.  I personally am against a $15 minimum wage - even on a local level, much less a state or federal level, but I very much support legislation that ensures someone who works 85 (or 60) hours a week (that's 12 hours a day for 85 hours per week) can get by.  By ""getting by"" I mean can rent modest housing, can afford nutritious food, can afford decent health insurance, can buy clothes (maybe second-hand), can put a bit into savings, etc.  Minimum wage jobs are done by young people just entering the job market and older people with few skills.  Better to have legislation that takes that into account.  High school and college kids won't be working 60-85+ hours a week.  Save the subsidies for the people that really need them."
"Yes. Since it is our duty to give aid to helpless children, even when their parents make ""bad"" choices. As a society we combat this situation with education so that people will understand that having children they ""can't afford"" is a bad idea. Contraception and financial education is essential in this situation."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/companies/shell-prepares-for-lower-forever-oil-prices/ar-AAoVbwb) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; LONDON-Royal Dutch Shell PLC laid out a pessimistic vision for the future of oil on Thursday, even as the company reported success in generating cash during a prolonged downturn.  &gt; Shell Chief Executive Ben van Beurden said the company has a mind-set that oil prices would remain &amp;quot;Lower forever&amp;quot;-a riff on the &amp;quot;Lower for longer&amp;quot; mantra the industry adopted for a price slump that proved unexpectedly lasting.  &gt; Oil&amp;#039;s fragile recovery since then to around $50 a barrel has helped the sector, but Shell and its peers have also engaged in aggressive efforts to bring down costs so they can survive at lower prices.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6pz8ur/shell_prepares_for_lower_forever_oil_prices/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~177293 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **oil**^#1 **company**^#2 **Shell**^#3 **billion**^#4 **cash**^#5"
The answer to this question is related to another question: How would I invest in Uber? Given that Uber is a privately-held company, the average investor cannot directly buy stock.  However, there are some indirect methods that you can use to invest in Uber, and as a result, it is also possible to indirectly short Uber. One method is to invest in (or short) companies that invest in Uber.  Alphabet/Google (GOOG) owns some, as well as Microsoft (MSFT), Toyota (ADR), and other companies.  Theoretically, you could short these companies, as a hit to Uber would be bad for those companies. Another method would be to look at Uber's competitors.  Think about what companies would do well if Uber went under.  Lyft, perhaps, although it is so similar to Uber that if one has trouble, the other may as well.  Perhaps instead you might invest in a traditional taxi company, or a company that provides services to taxi companies, such as Medallion Financial Corporation (MFIN). Keep in mind that either investing or shorting any of these is not really the same as investing/shorting Uber.  It provides you some exposure in Uber, but your investment is also affected by many other things that have nothing to do with Uber. For more information, see the Investopedia article Ways to Invest in Uber before It Goes Public. For the record, I don't recommend that you do any of this.
If you are looking to open an NRE Account, the banks have now made the process very simple and quick.Here, we will have a detailed look at what NRE Account is and how to open one such account.For more details, visit https://www.icicibank.com/nri-banking/nri-banking.page?
"I really don't understand. Yes, facebook overpriced their IPO. I suppose they may have to renegotiate some of their retention deals. On the other hand, they brought in significantly more capital than if they had priced the deal ""correctly"". If anything, Ebersman did a great job of getting facebook the maximum amount of capital while at the same time giving up the minimum amount of equity."
If you make paying off those loans a priority,  you will find money where you can and also look for stuff to sell around your home and also look for as much extra work as you can stand.
&gt; The CEO of Canada’s largest grocery and drugstore chain has warned his shareholders that minimum wage hikes across Ontario and Alberta will cost his company an additional $190 million in expenses next year.  &gt; “We are flagging a significant set of financial headwinds and the organization is mobilizing all of its resources to see whether or not it can close that gap,” said Loblaws Companies Ltd., CEO Galen G. Weston earlier this week.   Is that really so bad of a quote?  He's saying it's something they need to be aware of and address...  I don't get the headline.
So I learned that your employer CAN force you to make employee contributions. However, this source seems to think that the mandatory employee contributions do not count against the 402(g) limit of $18,000.
It depends on whether you want a career as a fund manager/ analyst or if you want to be an investor/ trader. A fund manager will have many constraints that a private investor doesn’t have, as they are managing other people’s money.  If they do invest their own money as well they usually would invest it differently from how they invest the fund's money. Many would just get someone else to invest their money for them, just as a surgeon would get another surgeon to operate on a family member. My suggestion to you is to find a job you like doing and build up your savings. Whilst you are building up your savings read some books. You said you don’t know much about the financial markets, then learn about them. Get yourself a working knowledge about both fundamental and technical analysis. Work out which method of analysis (if not both) suits you best and you would like to know more about. As you read you will get a better idea if you prefer to be a long term investor or a short term trader or somewhere in-between or a combination of various methods. Now you will start to get an idea of what type of books and areas of analysis you would like to concentrate on. Once you have a better idea of what you would like to do and have gained some knowledge, then you can develop your investment/trading plan and start paper trading. Once you are happy with you plan and your paper trading you can start trading with a small account balance (not more than $10,000 and preferably under $5,000). No matter how well you did with paper trading you will always do worse with real money at first due to your emotions being in it now. So always start off small. If you want to become good at something it takes time and a lot of hard work. You can’t go from knowing nothing to making a million dollars per year without putting in the hard yards first.
&gt;If you're a non-target like me this is how it is. With hard work and intelligence we will get what we want though. I suggest looking into the CFA program.  I think networking might be more effective on that front.  I'm from a non-target (and not even in finance) yet it seems like talking to people has gotten me a lot further than anything else.  I've been surprised at the number of bankers who are willing to give me the time of day.
But Uncle Sam isn't just borrowing money from other people/countires. He's borrowing money from himself..... with printed money.  The ostensible purpose of QE, Operation Twist, et al, is to force interest rates down largely through the monetization of government debt.   So to reference interest rates as if they were some neutral barometer of America's financial strength is a bit spurious.
"If you don't want to take any risk and you want your money to be liquid, then the best place to ""invest"" such money is in an insured bank deposit, such as a high interest savings account. However, you aren't likely to find a savings account interest rate that comes close to that charged by your mortgage, so the better decision from a numbers perspective is to pay down more on your mortgage or other debt. Paying down your debt has almost no risk, but has a better payoff than simply saving the money in a bank account. However, if you choose to pay down more debt, I suggest you still keep aside enough cash to have an adequate emergency fund.  Since you want safety and liquidity, don't expect high returns from such money."
I'm saying children have no self-control in the things they demand.  Parents typically buy their kids toys so they can have fun and keep themselves busy and most parents see it as time they earn for themselves so they're willing to buy their kids some toys if it means it'll shut them up
"I did read your comment, and all the other ones that referred to me as ""he."" Believe it or not, the melodrama you see is imagined. I didn't write, for example, ""This stupid fucker doesn't realize I've got a vagina.""  And I wasn't arguing with your anecdote, I was supporting it for the other people reading. That's why I said ""you (not OP)."""
As I understand it, US federal gift tax doesn't kick in at all until one person gives more than about $14,000 in a single year. (So a couple can give someone $28,000.) If you want to give more than that in a lump sum while avoiding gift tax, one workaround is to structure it as an intra-family loan. Basically, you write (and formally register) a loan for the amount, then gift them with up to the limit for them to pay off that loan. The IRS requires that you charge interest on this loan, but the rates are pretty minimal and of course you can incorporate that in the gift. The downside is that the interest income you're required to take is taxable, but that's a comparitively small sum. (On the other hand, if the loan is a mortgage against real property, and properly filed as such, the interest paid may be deductable for the person you're giving the money to.) Doing this properly requires a tax accountant or lawyer who has a clue about the right legalese to make it work. However, there are starting to be some services which specialize in this, doing it for a fixed fee. I used one of those recently, which is why I'm somewhat familiar with this process; they made it about as much of a fill-out-the-forms process as they could, but it still took a few weeks for me to figure out which options were best for my needs.
AuDatingSites provides safe and clean dating and friendship service for the Austraila's single men and women. Finding a new girlfriend is your own challenge, We want to help you and back on the way to Girls for sex recovery. You might not realize this, but there are a lot of girls out there who is just wanting sex, just like yourself. Anymore wanting a partner for a no strings attached affair is not really a big issue.
Your reasoning has completely broken down now.  So if I have this straight, given that shittiness is a constant in people, your solution is to give a few people all the guns and unlimited power over everyone else? Have I got that about right?  Man, never go full retard. That flies in the face of everything this country was built to be. Do us all a favor, catch a flight to Venezuala and stay there.  At the very least, the private sector is policed by the government according to the rule of law. Who polices the government when the people no longer have any authority or power over it?
A bank will never tell you how much they made off you when you are a customer. That level of information can be gleaned somewhat from the P&L it posts to its shareholders every FY. TLDR: It's how much you earned and should report as income in your tax documents.
I love how our society has spent the last few decades removing risk from everything. It starts by not allowing kids to play during recess, everyone is a winner! Now we have a lot of people who are coming of age with this up-bringing and they simply can't understand how their own actions and work can cause them harm.   People assume that risk isn't something they have to be concerned with. When I was shopping for homes they wanted to approved me for $350K. Even if I spent money on nothing else I wouldn't be able to afford that. One minor bill and I'd be fucked.  The stock market is the same thing. People make big investments and when they go bad we need to bail them out because it wasn't their fault...really? They didn't play a part in their own going under? I simply don't buy it.   We need to stop allowing this behavior and let companies and people go under. It's not my problem that you have no self control and don't understand the basics of trial and error. People need to learn their actions have consequences and maybe we'd live in a slightly better world.
"Xero and WaveAccounting can make things easy, but they also have their limitations. I've used both for short periods of time but found both of them to be lacking. While the ""ease"" is appealing, the ability to drill into the details and get good reports is the downfall of both of these accounting systems. QuickBooks may seem like the easy answer here, but it really is the best for getting the power you want without getting too complicated."
We're not talking about what's good for the parents, dude.  Obviously the best possible solution is for the government to pay people to raise their kids at home but sadly the western economies are structured around the majority of people doing work 9-5.
In the US you can walk into some retail stores and use your paypal to pay directly. Some of them sell prepaid debit card. By one and use it to pay your bill. If you're not in the US - check if some local retailers allow that. I believe in the UK they have some that allow paypal as well.
Credit scoring has changed recently and the answer to this question will have slightly changed. While most points made here are true: But now (as of July 2017) it is possible having a large available credit balance can negatively effect your credit score directly:  ... VantageScore will now mark a borrower negatively for having   excessively large credit card limits, on the theory that the person   could run up a high credit card debt quickly. Those who have prime   credit scores may be hurt the most, since they are most likely to have   multiple cards open. But those who like to play the credit card   rewards program points game could be affected as well. source
If you have a copy of the deed, or the original deed itself, take it to a lawyer and have them look it over with you and your other sister.  Mention all the details you mentioned here - exactly what you want to do with the property, any correspondence you've had with your sister, and where the property is located.   We can't give you any advice without being able to see the deed, and we're not qualified to give any advice outside of 'get a lawyer', because we're not lawyers.  Get one, and arm him with as much information about the situation as possible.
A government is there to serve the people. Under this logic, a government is doing a disservice to its people by allowing a corportation to have a signicantly lower tax rate in relation to the value a corportation would gain from doing business in that country.   For all I know, Starbucks would only do business in the UK if the value it sees from doing business there is at the tax rate it is paying out now. However, like a corportation testing the markets for price, the UK government is doing a disservice to its own people for not doing its own research on the value Starbucks is seeing.
&gt; The problem as I see it, is that the die-hard Tea Partiers who want to curb gov't spending, bristle whenever you add the DOD to the equation.  That's one of the many reasons that the Ryan plan is bullshit.  I'd keep the NSF but ratchet back the others like you describe.  You might enjoy reading [this plan](http://philip.greenspun.com/politics/economic-recovery), which hits on a number of other important points.
"It's called paper trading because you do it on paper. So just do literally that for a little while. Write things down like ""buy 100 XYZ at $49.99 on 9/29."" Then note the price each time you look it up, graph it each day, draw trendlines, calculate your ROI, etc. In pencil or ink, up to you. It'll give you good insights into what all that software is trying to do for you, and when it's trying to fool you."
"The first thing I'd do is to find out your credit (FICO) score.  If you have a good one, try to get another card with a lower rate. Then call up the lender, point to your good score, and your alternatives. If you have a bad score, do nothing. ""Let sleeping dogs lie."""
This is essentially a reimbursement of your expense. Since you can deduct the expense, the fact that the reimbursement is taxable doesn't affect you much. You deduct your home office expenses on your annual tax return using form 8829. See the IRS site for more details. If you're asking about the UK tax, there may be some other considerations, but from the US tax perspective it is (nearly) a wash.
You're 100% right! The IRR is the rate at which the project breaks even. You project cash flow/profitability metrics, and then you see what, under your projections, is the discount rate at which your project breaks even (the IRR).   But remember, it breaks even today! So it's saying that you should make a worthwhile investment today because the return that you will obtain at points in the future are worth you putting your investment in today! You still make a healthy return overtime if you project a reasonable IRR, but your IRR is showing you whether it's at least as worth it today to put your money in today (whether, given what you'll make over the future, it's at least as worth it to put your money in today).
Well, the article requires a login, so the only input I have is that the floor for cell phone plans is about $25 per month. There's no reason to price a product way below competition unless you don't care about revenue
Actuit offer accounting services to help you in carry out non key activities of your business. Our accounting and online bookkeeping services not only will reduces your cost but also enables you to focus on more critical functions of your business, like your customers by providing you reliable completed work on time for you to act.
It's funny, I was complaining about this very same phenomenon in a different thread maybe a week ago. It seems like the RA is the only way to go if you have any sort of power over the I-Banks
Whether or not it is logical probably depends on individual circumstance.  When you take on (or maintain) debt, you are choosing to do two things: The first is clear. This is what you describe very well in your answer. It is a straightforward analysis of interest rates. The fixed cost of the debt can then be directly compared to expected return on investments that are made with the newly available cash flow. If you can reasonably expect to beat your debt interest rate, this is an argument to borrow and invest. Add to this equation an overwhelming upside, such as a 401k match, and the argument becomes very compelling. The second cost listed is more speculative in nature, but just as important. When you acquire debt, you are committing your future cash flow to payments. This exposes you to the risk of too little financial margin in the future. It also exposes you to the risk of any negatives that come with non-payment of debt (repossession, foreclosure, credit hit, sleeping at night, family tension, worst-case bankruptcy) Since the future tends to be difficult to predict, this risk is not so easy to quantify. Clearly the amount and nature of the debt is a large factor here.  This would seem to be highly personal, with different individuals having unique financial or personal resources or income earning power.  I will never say someone is illogical for choosing to repay their debts before investing in a 401k. I can see why some would always choose to invest to the match.
Amazon is already experimenting with a private label called Wickedly Prime. It's not that great. Expecting that to disappear if the WFM deal goes through.  I'm still waiting for Prime Pantry/Fresh not to seriously suck. Having to pay an extra membership fee on top of my Prime membership for the luxury of being able to get food delivered (and a delivery fee on top of that, mind you) really burns my ass. Not to mention the fact that when I tried Pantry, delivery took two weeks. No thanks.
"This is analyst speak for ""the stock isn't going anywhere anytime soon"". Remember these guys are offering advice to the entire universe in a few lines, so the advice gets fortune cookie-like. When I look at these things, I care more about when the analyst changes their opinion more than what the opinion is. If you really trust this person, you should listen to the earnings call for the stock (or read the transcript) and listen for the questions asked by the analyst. Usually you'll be able to understand why the analyst feels the way he does."
I meant the form factor - it's a tablet form factor. It's not something new, or refreshing... something that Nintendo used to be great with - the anticipation built for it's next design, for both consoles and handheld consoles.  It has a custom SoC from a known architecture from NVIDIA, and where it should have been amazing - it comes short imo (battery life).  Probably in one year period it's performance will be matched with high end tablets with off the shelf SoCs... ARM SoCs that support Vulkan for example, over NVIDIA closed source libraries.  The thing is performance isn't everything - and Nintendo it's the proof of such concept. Currently it's all about the IP.
I am in the process of writing an article about how to maximize one's Social Security benefits, or at least, how to start the analysis.   This chart, from my friends at the Social Security office shows the advantage of waiting to take your benefit. In your case, you are getting $1525 at age 62.  Now, if you wait 4 years, the benefit jumps to $2033 or $508/mo more. You would get no benefit for 4 years and draw down savings by $73,200, but would get $6,096/yr more from 64 on. Put it off until 70, and you'd have $2684/mo.  At some point, your husband should apply for a spousal benefit (age 66 for him is what I suggest) and collect that for 4 years before moving to his own benefit if it's higher than that.  Keep in mind, your generous pensions are likely to push you into having your social security benefit taxed, and my plan, above will give you time to draw down the 401(k) to help avoid or at least reduce this.
I would not sell unless the stock is starting to fall in price. If you are a long term investor you can review the weekly chart on a weekly basis to determine if the stock is still up-trending. Regarding HD below is a weekly chart for the last 4 years:  Basically if the price is making Higher Highs (HH) and Higher Lows (HL) it is up-trending. If it starts to make Lower Lows (LL) followed by Lower Highs (LH) then the uptrend is over and the stock could be entering a downtrend. With HD, the price has been up-trending but seems to now be hitting some headwinds. It has been making some HHs followed by some HLs throughout the last 2 years. It did make a LL in late August 2015 but then recovered nicely to make a new HH, so the uptrend was not broken. In early November 2016 it made another LL but this time it seems to be followed by a LH in mid-December 2016. This could be clear evidence that the uptrend may be ending. The final confirmation would be if the price drops below the early November low of $119.20 (the orange line). If price drops below this price it would be confirmation that the uptrend is over and this should be the point at which you should sell your HD shares. You could place an automatic stop loss order just below $119.20 so that you don't even need to monitor the stock frequently. Another indication that the uptrend may be in trouble is the divergence between the HHs of the price and the peaks of a momentum indicator (in this case the MACD). The two sloping red lines show that the price made HHs in April and August 2016 whilst the momentum indicator made LHs at these peaks in the price. As the lines are sloping in different directions it is demonstrating negative divergence, which means that the momentum of the uptrend is slowing down and can act as an early warning system to be more cautious in the near future. So the question you could be asking is when is a good time to sell out of HD (or at least some of your HD to rebalance)? Why sell something that is still increasing in price? Only sell if you can determine that the price will not be increasing anymore in the near to medium term.
One such place where you can sell your photos is iStockPhoto.  They are pretty picky about the photos they allow, so you should be a pretty good photographer and have good equipment.  It can take a while to build up an interest in your photos, but once you do you can make some decent money off it.  My sister is a semi-pro photographer and makes about $500 a month off photos she sells there.
Thank you!   I've worked for two big companies that made the change and I now cringe when asked to use PowerPoint, Outlook or Excel. The level of collaboration with Gsuite is unparalleled. Plus, once you learn the small details, Gsuite basically provides the same exact tools with additional functionality.  Sounds like this company is maturing.
Ben Miller offers you sounds advice. However, if it comes down to it I would reach out to a lawyer to negotiate this for you. If what you are presenting is true then you could easily sue them for the damages incurred. I have been in a similar situation and unfortunately using the lawyers is what was required to get the solution resolved. Based on my previous experience a simple letter from a local lawyer office would get this dropped pretty quick and should cost you around $150. Best of luck!
Cool, I think if you can do that you can make anything a habit.  As much as I believe in meditation I probably only mange about ten months out of twelve.  I've also taken up morning journaling - The Five Minute Journal is my journal of choice but any method that you stick with is good.
"I'm impressed.  She must have a substantial income to agree to a $500/month car payment.  I imagine her income is about 20K per month for that to make sense.  What kind of work does she do?  To answer your question, typical lease do not work the way you describe.  Paying an extra $2000 will allow you to skip 4 payments (provided the payments were exactly $500) any time in the future.  It does not modify the terms of the lease which would include the payment amount.  Also one does not receive a fiance charge reduction benefit as with a loan.  Essentially you are providing a loan to the leasing company for free. To be explicit you cannot tell the mortgage company anything as she is applying for the loan, not you.  She can tell the mortgage company the new payment is $400, but she would be falsifying the application which is not advisable. Perhaps the mortgage company is doing her a favor.  They are indicating her life is out of control financially.  Either she is attempting to purchase way to much home or her consumer debt is out of control.  It could be a combination of both.   My first paragraph was written to be ""tongue in check"" in order to demonstrate absurdity.  Without a substantial income and an substantial net worth, a 500/month car payment is simply ridiculous.  While it is someone average, when you compare it to the average income (~54K/year) you understand why 78% of US households live paycheck-to-paycheck (are broke), and have no retirement savings. For your and her sake, please stop giving all your hard earned money to banks."
Yahoo is actually a successful media company outside of the geek set.  Yahoo Sports and some of their women's mag content are quite popular.  It just looks awful to geeks because we remember it being a competitor/predecessor to Google, and we watched them run Flickr and various other properties they bought into the ground.
The Canada Revenue Agency does indeed put out just the guide you want. It's at http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pub/tg/rc4070/rc4070-e.html - you should always take a good look at URLs to make sure they're really from the government and not from some for-profit firm that will charge you to fill out forms for free services. It covers ways to structure your business (probably a sole proprietor in your case), collecting and submitting GST or HST, sending in payroll remittances (if you pay yourself a T4 salary), and income tax including what you can deduct. It's a great place to start and you can use it as a source of keywords if you want to search for more details.
Fair enough and I appreciate the advice. But I think in some cases we have a duty to point out contradictory statements, especially if they could be misleading to the average person. I don't want some poor kid who scraped together a few bucks, sees the big revenue numbers and assumes it's a sure thing.
The other day, I was catching up on some saved articles while sitting next to my girlfriend on the couch. I was reading [Levine's article](http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2014-08-12/biotech-firm-didn-t-enjoy-its-six-days-as-a-public-company) about the failed Vascular Biogenics IPO and kept literally laughing out loud. My girlfriend asked what was so funny so I read her this bit;  &gt; I was a capital markets banker for four years, and a corporate lawyer before that, and today I did a thing I've never done before, which is read an underwriting agreement. Nobody reads underwriting agreements! The point of an underwriting agreement is for junior lawyers to get practice using track changes in Word.   I don't think I've ever seen a more disinterested stare from her, but I don't care, that shit is hilarious.
from what i understand, which is not much, some companies use some of their own company shares as securitisation for loans. If the share price decreases, the security in the loan decreases, which means the company would need to find new capital. It can create a vicious cycle if the fall in share price is the result of operational concerns.
The point of co-signing for a friend is that they're your friend.  You signed for them in the belief that your friendship would ensure they didn't burn you.  If your friend has hung you out to dry, basically they aren't your friend any more. Before you lawyer up, how's about talking to your friend as a friend?  Sure he may have moved away from the area, but Facebook is still a thing, right?  It's possible he doesn't even realise you're taking the fall for him. And presumably you have mutual friends too.  If he's blanking you then he does know you're taking the fall and doesn't care.  So call/message them too and let them know the situation.  Chances are he doesn't want all his other friends cutting him off because they can see he'd treat them the same way he's treating you.  And chances are they'll give you his number and new address, because they don't want to be in the middle. If this fails, look at the loan.  If it's a loan secured against something of his (e.g. a car), let it go.  The bank will repossess it, and that's job done.  Of course it will look bad on your credit for a while, but you're basically stuck with that.
They use an amortization table like can be found Here.  The Forumula is not that complex  where:   A = payment Amount per period    P = initial Principal (loan amount)   r = interest rate per period   n = total number of payments or periods You will need to add 50 to  the A to account for the payment fee amount though.
"It was bound to happen, it's just happening sooner because they can use the excuse of minimum wage rising. After McD's does it other places are soon to follow to ""stay competitive"".  We can address the situation now and start training people for jobs that will be available in 20 years or we can argue about entitled people/bad businesses and everyone will suffer sooner or later."
Couple of ways they save money which doesn't seem significant but actually makes a big difference    * debit and cash only    * shoppers get and put away their own carts    * low shop size    * private label and high number of product turnover    * Low employee counts    * Low technology costs &amp; decoration costs    * Cash on order (from shop to distributor)    * Just in time supply chain     * German efficiency
"I'm in a similar situation. First, a 529 plan can be use for ""qualifying"" international schools.  There are 336 for 2015, which includes many well known schools but also excludes many schools, especially lower level or vocational schools and schools in non-English speaking countries. I ran 3 scenarios to see what the impact would be if you invested $3000 a year for 14 years in something tracking the S&P 500 Index: For each of these scenarios, I considered 3 cases: a state with 0% income tax, a state with the median income tax rate of 6% for the 25% tax bracket, and California with an income tax rate of 9.3% for the 25% tax bracket. California has an addition 2.5% penalty on unqualified distributions.  Additionally, tax deductions taken on contributions that are part of unqualified distributions will be viewed as income and that portion of the distribution will be taxed as such at the state level. Vanguard's 500 Index Portfolio has a 10 year average return of 7.63%.  Vanguard's S&P 500 Index fund has a 10 year average return of 7.89% before tax and 7.53% after taxes on distributions. Use a 529 as intended: Use a 529 but do not use as intended: Invest in a S&P 500 Index fund in a taxable account: Given similar investment options, using a 529 fund for something other than education is much worse than having an investment in a mutual fund in a taxable account, but there's also a clear advantage to using a 529 if you know with certainty you can use it for qualified expenses.  Both the benefits for correct use of a 529 and the penalties for incorrect use increase with state tax rates. I live in a state with no income tax so the taxable mutual fund option is closer to the middle between correct and incorrect use of a 529.  I am leaning towards the investment in a taxable account."
The author is using the simple Dietz method, (alternatively the modified Dietz), with the assumption that the net cash-flow occurs halfway through the time period.  Let's say the time period is one year for illustration, so the cash-flow would be at the end of the second quarter. The money-weighted method gives a more accurate return, but has to be solved by trial-and-error or using a computer.  The money-weighted return is 11.2718 % and the simple or modified Dietz return is 11.2676 %.  When the sums are done backwards to check, the Dietz is half a dollar out with a final value of $11,999.50 while the money-weighted return recalculates exactly $12,000. It is worth pointing out that the return changes if the cash-flow is not in the middle of the time period.  A case with the cash-flow at the end of Q3 is added to illustrate.
They did this before. Said they were building a new factory in PA a few years ago. Have yet to do anything.  This will be really embarrassing if they don't deliver after Trump made this huge deal of it at the White House. Probably should have looked into this company's pretty long history of not delivering on these type of projects.
"These are all virtual meetings.   The reasons are varied. For a lot of the best people, they are simply too busy to be that proactive - they are constantly in fire fighting mode, but want to be involved and help, so they dial in, and multitask. I get that, but in the end it is a poor use of everyone's time and focus.    I try and suggest things to people like booking time on their calendars for catching up on paperwork or emails (and avoiding all day meetings), but in the end I have no control on how they manage their time and work.   My peers are also at fault in that - there are way too many managers that think any topic over three emails must have a meeting, or have massive meetings every week just to read a powerpoint.    I would love to have some enterprise rules on meetings, like - ""meetings should only be between 9-11, 1-4."" Or ""no more than 10 people per meeting,"" - think about the per hour cost of a 30 person meeting."
Inflation is bad for people with lots of cash assets. It's good for debtors, particularly debtors with unsecured debt.
"&gt; ""The thing that is working to Foxconn's advantage here is that there were several states competing for this"", thats exactly it.   This is the problem. It's a net loss for the country.  Sure, Paul Ryan's district (what a coincidence right?!) benefits, but that's at the expense of Pennsylvania (the last place Foxconn claimed they were building a factory and never did.)  It's just a race to the bottom."
If you are tired of acting as the bank after selling your Real Estate and owner-financing the loan with a promissory note, we can offer a sound and painless exit strategy today. We can fund the purchase in as little as 15 business days. We at Cash Note USA buy Real Estate Promissory Notes Nationwide. We Purchase Owner Financed Mortgage, Land Contract, Contract For Deed, Deed Of Trust, Private Mortgages, Secured Notes, Business Notes, Commercial Notes and Partial Notes and many kinds of seller carry back mortgage notes. Convert Real Estate Note To Cash Now.Sell Your Mortgage Note Fast &amp; get More Cash For Your Note. You will get a Fair Offer Within 24 Hours.Get your Note cashed today!    Cash Note USA is a note buyer all over the nation. Convert your mortgage payments into cash. Simple closing process. We buy Promissory Notes, Real Estate Trust Deeds, Seller Carry Back Notes, Land Contract, Contract for Deed, Privately Help Notes, Commercial Mortgage Notes &amp; Business Promissory Notes.   Contact Us: Cash Note USA 1307 W.6th St.Suite 219N, Corona, CA 92882 888-297-4099 cashnoteusa@gmail.com http://cashnoteusa.com/
Negotiation is a very practical topic, and I learned more about it from this book then my MBA classes.  Getting More: How to Negotiate to Achieve Your Goals in the Real World Hardcover by Stuart Diamond
Don't quote me on this, but...  Half-Life 3.  r/nocontext  +/u/User_Simulator PostNationalism  12pm UTC  Really like the Red Stripe, they look so so so good. Would love to win them!  I'm sad  bad bot  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_bot  Rock!   Enjoy.   ^(Tiddies)   ^^Have ^^a ^^nice ^^day ^^by ^^the ^^way.
"I'm not aware that any US bank has any way to access your credit rating in France (especially as you basically don't have one!). In the US, banks are not the only way to get finance for a home.  In many regions, there are plenty of ""owner financed"" or ""Owner will carry"" homes.  For these, the previous owner will provide a private mortgage for the balance if you have a large (25%+) downpayment.  No strict lending rules, no fancy credit scoring systems, just a large enough downpayment so they know they'll get their money back if they have to foreclose.  For the seller, it's a way to shift a house that is hard to sell plus get a regular income. Often this mortgage is for only 3-10 years, but that gives you the time to establish more credit and then refinance.  Maybe the interest rate is a little higher also, but again it's just until you can refinance to something better (or sell other assets then pay the loan off quick). For new homes, the builders/developers may offer similar finance. For both owner-will-carry and developer finance, a large deposit will trump any credit rating concerns.  There is usually a simplified foreclosure process, so they're not really taking much of a risk, so can afford to be flexible. Make sure the owner mortgage is via a title company, trust company, or escrow company, so that there's a third party involved to ensure each party lives up to their obligations."
Компанията предлага най-добрите ИТ продукти. Ние даваме различни видове продукти, като например 3D флаш, USB Flash и Power банка. Използвахме много лесно 3D светкавицата, Power банката и USB Flash. Флаш паметта е форма на непрекъсната памет, която изтрива данни в притурки, наречени блокове.  Блокът, съхраняван на флаш миг за размисъл, трябва да бъде изтрит, преди данните да бъдат записани или програмирани към микрочипа. Възпроизвеждането на 3D флашка запазва записите за продължителен период от време, Дали устройството, свързано със светкавица, е включено или изключено. USB флаш дисковете се използват редовно за същите цели, за които вече са били използвани флопи дискове или компактдискове; т.е. За съхранение записва резервно копие и превключване на компютърни файлове.Те са по-малки, по-бързи, имат куп случаи с допълнителни възможности и са по-дълготрайни и надеждни, защото нямат движещи се части.
The trick is that any payment you send over the minimum required will be applied to the check balance first, not your main purchases. I guess if you don't use that card for anything else at all it might work out.
If you are looking for stunning outdoor clocks, master clocks showing accurate time schedules and bell system needed to play buzzer sounds, alarm,etc. then find the same at Admoveo Solutions. With the collection of reliable systems and clocks, they have brought up the quality products. @ http://www.admoveosolutions.com/master-bell-system/
No.  Floppy disks are simple magnetic media you could make yourself in your basement.    FLASH memory, hard drives, etc have more code in their embedded controllers than that entire launch control system.  If the floppy has enough storage why would you want to unnecessarily add a bunch of complexity for such a critical task as nuclear security.
"MBS is a fairly general term ""Mortgage Backed Securities"" which simply means that the bond is collateralized with mortgages.  Pass throughs are a type of MBS that is untranched: all bond holders of the deal are receiving the same interest and principal payments, there is no senior or subordinate class of bonds.   Agency passthroughs bond holders receive any principal and interest payments paid by the loans in the pool, minus a slice of the interest payment that pays billing and insurance fees (servicing and guarantee fees, usually a .5% slice of the mortgage interest rate).  On agency product (including Ginnies), if a loan defaults it will be bought out of the pool, with the bondholder receiving all of the expected principal and any interest due on the loan.  Agency deals with different classes of bonds are usually called REMICs.  Passthrough may also be split into  principal-only (PO) and interest-only (IO) pieces.   There is also a huge forward market in soon-to-be-issued passthroughs called the TBA market.  Ginnie Mae has two slightly different programs referred to as Ginnie I and Ginnie II.  Ginnie also has commercial and construction loan financial products.  Freddie and Fannie have the same type of financial products as Ginnie, but there are differences in the sort of loans that Ginnie has vs the other agencies, as well as subtle minor differences between the contract terms of the securities.  Ginnie is also more explicitly guaranteed by the federal government.  You may want to look at:  http://www.ginniemae.gov/index.asp (especially the ""For Investors"" and ""For Issuers"" sections.)  Wikipedia's MBS may be more clear than my description: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mortgage-backed_security#Types"
Manufacturer of Quartz Grit in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-quartz-grit-in-india.php Supplier of Quartz Grit in India, Manufacturer of Quartz Grit in India - Shri Vinayak Industries is offering high grade Quartz Grit. We produce finely processed Quartz Grit by our super efficient production unit. We are dominant supplier, Manufacturer and exporter of Quartz Grit. Usage of Quartz Grit in tiles, Ferro alloys, Ferro silicon, Ferro chrome, oil drilling, artificial granites, and electrical industries. Other applications of quartz grit are in steel industries, sugar refining, dairy farms, paper industries, chemical industries and water treatment plants.
Do you also want to start charging companies and people for using computers? Excel?  What about any machines? Surely trains took jobs away as they can carry a ton of cargo.  Point is, taxing automation sounds nice, but it's ridiculous. We've been automating things for a long long long time. The type of automation is just changing.
You're mistaking random chance with luck. I did absolutely everything I could think of to maximize my chances and I deserve the credit for it. There may have been some element of random chance, but I'd say I reduced the odds of getting a full time job out of college from 1:4 to 1:1 at least.    Others with the same opportunities as me do not. Time and time again I see college grads doing nothing but sending out resumes. It just won't work on its own, you have to work every angle.
"&gt;Yeah but they don't go to work high.   Exactly.  &gt;The millennial smokers I see often smoke a few times a day.   I'm familiar with the phenomenon. Hell, when I was in college I went through a phase like that myself. Most people learn to self-regulate before long.   &gt;Come to LA where I live and TONS of them have the stupid fake ass marijuana cards. Medical use my ass, loser use is what it should be called.  I lived in LA for years and had a card. I actually have several medical conditions that justify it, but that's beside the point that marijuana should simply be legal. Alcohol is legal even though it is a far more dangerous substance than pot. I don't have a huge problem with people circumventing a senseless restriction on a harmless activity. Plus isn't it fully legalized in California now?  &gt;I wouldn't call daily smokers happy or successful. Someone that is happy or successful can unwind without the use of drugs whether its weed or alcohol. ... HAVE used is different than use daily, you do understand that, right?  You don't have to be a daily smoker to test positive. People who only smoke once a week are likely to fail a drug test. There's no reason to think that those people are unhappy, unsuccessful, can't unwind without drugs, or any other negative generalization you might want to impose.    &gt;""NPR had a statistic that about 1 in 3 Millenials live at home with their parents, 1 in 3 live with a friend or relative and the rest have their own place or live with their SO""  I don't dispute those statistics, but they're about Millennials, not pot smokers. Millennials' economic difficulties are more likely to be caused by the economy than they are by any widespread drug abuse, which allegation I have no reason to think is supported. And even if Millennials do use crazy amounts of drugs, so did the Baby Boomers, whose economic prosperity does not seem to have been impaired in the slightest."
Have you been looking for industrial photographer in Melbourne? If so, how about getting in touch us at Glenn Hester Photography, an industrially successful and age experienced industrial photography service company in Melbourne? Well, it always feels good when you receive something highly satisfactory in turn of your hard-earned money. This is what, we shall offer you if given a chance to serve you. We believe, a good corporate photography is a combination of right location, handful of time for thorough management, suitable dressing and of course proper incorporation of background and image color.
Golf Home Guru offers the best selection of Fort Myers Golf Homes for Sale, including some of the most appealing golf homes on the market today. As one of the most wonderful cities in the County of Lee, Florida, Ft. Myers celebrates its colorful history while offering many other motivating factors that contribute to the continuous popularity and demand for Ft. Myers homes for sale.
&gt;Actually, I would imagine the terms for credit are better post-bankruptcy filing, than immediately pre-filing.   From what I see that's true. Pre filing had no options whatsoever or the terms were so bad that it wasn't worth it. Post filing, while the terms were not the best by no means, at least there were decent options there.
Grocery coupon sites I use: http://www.coupons.com http://www.smartsource.com http://www.redplum.com
"Right. The definition of ""made with 100% chicken"" changes depending on whether that particular company sources soy protein and chicken separately and mixes them, vs purchasing it already mixed. The consumer doesn't care if this particular company is putting the chicken and the soy together, all they care about is what's in the package. That's what I mean by the fact that at some level everything with chicken is made with 100% chicken. Legally they can't say that it's made with 100% chicken unless one of the items they purchase from a supplier is just chicken, but morally, biologically, nutritionally and logically it is the same whether they put the chicken into their mixing pot or an upstream supplier does.  Lets take a concrete example. This [breakfast sandwich](https://www.jimmydean.com/products/sandwiches/delights/delights-applewood-smoke-chicken-sausage-egg-whites-and-cheese-muffin-sandwiches) is ""made with 100% chicken."" Obviously the entire food product is not chicken, but I wouldn't be surprised if someone walking down the aisle and picking it up thought, subconsciously, that the patty on it was 100% chicken. Is it actually? No. It is &gt;98% chicken and water, and &lt;2% other stuff. But what we are actually supposed to infer from that language is that the company who makes this sandwich purchases ""100%"" chicken, whatever that is, and mixes it with the rest of the ingredients to made something which is mostly chicken. In legal land, that is all that can be inferred from the statement. It's not exactly deceptive, but it's definitely not the clearest terminology that could be employed, and it definitely implies something that simply ""made with chicken"" does not imply.  I agree with you that the package almost always has all the information I would reasonably want on it, though, and in many cases it is obvious. That same sandwich lists all of the ingredients of the patty on the back, so the information is right there if you want to go to the small text."
Mobile24.lt yra specializuota elektronikos parduotuv휊, teikianti telefono ir mobiliojo telefono remonto paslaugas u탑 prieinam훳 kain훳. Mes si큰lome visas mobili킨j킨 telefon킨 remonto paslaugas:dangteli킨 keitimas, program킨 diegimas, garsiakalbi킨 keitims, ekran킨 keitimas ir ekrano stikliuk킨 keitimas. Skambinkite mums 866700033, kad gautum휊te daugiau informacijos!
"What is the best way that I can invest money so that I can always get   returns? Would it be to set up an FD in a bank, to buy land, to buy a   rental house, to buy a field, or maybe to purchase gold? Forever is a long time. Of the options you listed, the only one guaranteed to generate returns is a bank account. The returns may well be very small, but (absent an economy-wide financial failure) you will get the stated return. Land doesn't always retain its value, nor do rental houses or fields. Gold clearly fluctuates. But you would be better served to think about goals and how you can attain them. What do you want to do with the ""returns""? If you are trying to set yourself up for purchasing a home, paying for college, or retirement, then the small returns on a bank account may be insufficient. And in that case you might be better served by worrying more about the size of the returns you need than the certainty of them. There may be many ""better investments"" if you more clearly define what you expect to achieve by your investment."
"We had an Aussie who works in Singapore in our office telling us that he couldn't believe how many acronyms Singaporeans have, and GFC was one of them. He said ""they love TLA in Singapore"". TLA? Three Letter Acronyms!"
We know picking a mattress can overwhelm – particularly since it's presumably been a while since your last outing to the mattress store. We're here to help comprehend it all and give you all that you have to know so you can locate the best queen mattress in orange to purchase for your way of life and budget. You wake up with a throbbing painfulness that scatter for the duration of the day. Your arms or shoulders nod off for the duration of the night, or you wake up hurling and turning. Your mattress hints at unmistakable wear and tear, for example, listing or the sides separating.
Yes, the borrower is responsible for paying back the full amount of the loan. Foreclosure gives the bank possession of the property, which they can (and do) sell. Any shortfall is still the borrower's responsibility. But, no, the bank can't sell the property for a dollar; they have to make a reasonable effort. Usually the sale is done through a sheriff's sale, that is, a more or less carefully supervised auction. Bankruptcy will wipe out the shortfall, and most other debts, but the downside is that most of the rest of your assets will also be sold to help pay off what you owe. Details of what you can keep vary from state to state. If you want to go this route, hire a lawyer.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/aug/27/should-the-rich-be-taxed-more-a-new-paper-shows-unequivocally-yes) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Under a Jeremy Corbyn government, someone earning around &amp;pound;125,000 or more would have been eligible for a new 50% income tax bracket and there would have been a 45% rate for people on more than &amp;pound;80,000.  &gt; What&amp;#039;s more, for the average US worker, the bad old days weren&amp;#039;t really so bad. Finally, saying that the rich would never pay up is defeatist; tax loopholes could be closed, tax havens shut down, wealth - especially in the form of immovable land - could be taxed rather than income.  &gt; As the paper concludes: &amp;quot;The overarching policy question is the following: in the current era of fiscal consolidation, should the rich be taxed more? Our evidence suggests unequivocally yes.""   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6wzcbg/should_the_rich_be_taxed_more/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~201183 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **tax**^#1 **income**^#2 **rich**^#3 **more**^#4 **time**^#5"
It's definitely something to keep on top of. Who knows if he's right, in the long run. I'm 100% positive cryptocurrency in general is here to stay and will complement fiats, but the question is whether another coin than Bitcoin can deliver something truly more useful. What exact idea will beat it? if you can answer that, you'll be a billionaire yourself, but imagining that someone will have such an idea is not hard at all. It's harder to imagine that no one ever will. And when that happens, it will probably happen fast and it's going to sting. Many people will be once bitten twice shy after that, and the total crypto market cap may take some time to recover.
You should look into an inventory service that comes in and counts/weighs the bottles and kegs once a month. This keeps of inventory and keeps the bartenders accountable. Some restaurants do this daily which would be  consuming.  I’d also install cameras over every well and register. Bring the heat!
It is basically the same situation what US was when the crash happened. People took on debt without the means to pay, even with awful credit records. But the problem isn't the debt people take on themselves, but with the limited disposable income they have how efficiently can their debts be serviced. And how do banks who lend out money can recover their money. When banks lend money to all and sundry, they have to take care of defaults and that is when financial wizardry comes into play. In US people have the option to default on their debt and refinance it, so banks assumed default and tried to hedge their risks. If this is an option in Australia, be ready for a crash else not to worry about much. If banks continue lending expect higher inflation rates, higher interest rates and maybe a downgrade of bonds issued by the Australian government. Higher import costs and a boom in exports because of devalued Australian dollar.
I use paycheckcity.com and first punch in my paycheck and make sure it calculates within a few pennies the value of my actual paycheck. Then I fiddle with withholding values, etc. to see the effect of change.  It has been very effective for me over the years.
Too long for a comment -  It's great that you are saving to the match on the 401(k). Does your company offer a Roth 401(k)? If so, you might consider that, instead. From the numbers you offered, you are likely in the 15% bracket now, but will find you move to 25% in years to come. The 2014 tax rates are out and how the 15% bracket ending at $36,900. (Over $47,000 gross income). I'd rather see you pay tax at 15% now, and use pre-tax accounts as your income rises. If the Roth is available.
Yes -- If you are prepared to own the stock and have the cash to buy it, it can be a good way to generate income. The downside is really no more than buying a stock and it goes down -- which can happen to any investment -- and you have the premium of the put. Just don't do it on any stock you would not buy outright. To the posters who say it's a bad idea, I would like some more info on why they think that. It's not more bad idea than any investment. Yes it has risk, but so does buying stocks in general, buying dividend stocks etc and since most options expire worthless the odds are more in your favor selling puts.
Are the schools going to count all my retirement I've saved over the   last 20 years as assets and calculate my EFC on 5.x% of that?! Yes.
"They aren't choosing winners and losers, if you want to use the game analogy then they are disqualifying assholes who flount an attitude of ""fuck you, I won't play by the rules"".  Your statement is the equivalent of a soccer fan getting pissed at the refs for DQing a player for picking up the ball over their head and running it to the goal over and over."
That period was also significantly less regulated as measured by the size of the federal register. As of 2013, there is 18x as much regulation as in 1950 ([source](https://www.mercatus.org/video/visualizing-growth-federal-regulation-1950)).  Additionally, the middle class didn't pay taxes in the 90% bracket and the rich most likely didn't either as the rich tend to receive the majority of income through capital gains or other passive income.   The top capital gains rate was significantly less--25% starting in 1942--than the top rate for ordinary income during the post-war period.  Edit: spacing
To littleadv's comment, walking away may be the best option. If your numbers are as described, any ideas we could offer on earning or raising cash would be best to use as money to live on, not to pay down a loan on an under water house. the double wide you propose to buy will like cost less than your HELOC balance.  I'd see if you could buy that home first, renting the house, and only default after you're in the new place.
What is essential is that company you are selling is transparent enough. Because it will provide additional liquidity to market. When I decide to sell, I drop all volume once at a time. Liquidation price will be somewhat worse then usual. But being out of position will save you nerves for future thinking where to step in again. Cold head is best you can afford in such scenario. In very large crashes, there could be large liquidity holes. But if you are on upper side of sigmoid, you will be profiting from selling before that holes appear. Problem is, nobody could predict if market is on upper-fall, mid-fall or down-fall at any time.
"To answer the first part of your question: yes, I've done that!  I did even a bit more.  I once had a job that I wasn't sure I'd keep and the economy wasn't great either.  In case my next employer wouldn't let me contribute to a 401(k) from day one, and because I didn't want to underfund my retirement and be stuck with a higher tax bill - I ""front-loaded"" my 401(k) contributions to be maxed out before the end of the year.  (The contribution limits were lower than $16,500/year back then :-)) As for the reduced cash flow - you need of course a ""buffer"" account containing several months worth of living expenses to afford maxing out or ""front-loading"" 401(k) contributions.  You should be paying your bills out of such buffer account and not out of each paycheck.  As for the reduced cash flow - I think large-scale 401(k)/IRA contributions can crowd out other long-term saving  priorities such as saving for a house down payment and the trade-off between them is a real concern.  (If they're crowding out basic and discretionary consumer expenses, that's a totally different kind of problem, which you don't seem to have, which is great :-)) So about the trade-off between large-scale 401(k) contributions and saving for the down payment.  I'd say maxing out 401(k) can foster the savings culture that will eventually pay its dividends.  If, after several years of maxing out your 401(k) you decide that saving for the house is the top priority, you'll see money flow to the money-market account marked for the down payment at a substantial monthly rate, thanks to that savings culture. As for the increasing future earnings - no.  Most people I've known for a long time, if they saved 20% when they made $20K/year, they continued to save 20% or more when they later made $100K/year.  People who spent the entire paycheck while making $50K/year, always say, if only I got a raise to $60K/year, I'd save a few thousand.  But they eventually graduate to $100K/year and still spend the entire paycheck.  It's all about your savings culture. On the second part of your question - yes, Roth is a great tool, especially if you believe that the future tax rates will be higher (to fix the long-term budget deficits).  So, contributing to 401(k) to maximize the match, then max out Roth, as others suggested, is a great advice.  After you've done that, see what else you can do: more 401(k), saving for the house, etc."
The Paypal 'classic' site option has now been removed and you will not know what you will be charged UNTIL YOU COMMIT TO BUY.  Paypal told  me today ( brexit day 24th ) that their site is NOT connected to the Ebay site so when Ebay tells me '$77.00 approximately £52.43' for an item I would in fact pay £59.62.   You will Not be aware of this UNTIL you commit to by. Paypal informs me there are no plans to restore the 'classic' option Paypal site.
Dividends are normally paid in cash, so don't generally affect your portfolio aside from a slight increase to 'cash'.  You get a check for them, or your broker would deposit the funds into a money-market account for you.  There is sometimes an option to re-invest dividends, See Westyfresh's answer regarding Dividend Re-Investment Plans. As Tom Au described, the dividends are set by the board of directors and announced.  Also as he indicated just before the 'record' date, a stock which pays dividends is worth slightly more (reflecting the value of the dividend that will be paid to anyone holding the stock on the record date) and goes down by the dividend amount immediately after that date (since you'd now have to hold the stock till the next record date to get a dividend)  In general unless there's a big change in the landscape (such as in late 2008) most companies pay out about the same dividend each time, and changes to this are sometimes seen by some as 'indicators' of company health and such news can result in movement in the stock price. When you look at a basic quote on a ticker symbol there is usually a line for Div/yeild which gives the amount of dividend paid per share, and the relative yeild (as a percentage of the stock price).  If a company has been paying dividends, this field will have values in it, if a company does not pay a dividend it will be blank or say NA (depending on where you get the quote).  This is the easiest way to see if a company pays a dividend or not.  for example if you look at this quote for Google, you can see it pays no dividend  Now, in terms of telling when and how much of a dividend has been paid, most financial sites have the option when viewing a stock chart to show the dividend payments.  If you expand the chart to show at least a year, you can see when and how much was paid in terms of dividends.  For example you can see from this chart that MSFT pays dividends once a quarter, and used to pay out 13 cents, but recently changed to 16 cents.   if you were to float your mouse over one of those icons it would also give the date the dividend was paid.
I think your math is off but I don't have time to work it out.  It seems like the top 4 could conceivably have less than 2.2 million jobs between them. Your math appears to leave nothing for the other 46 states which is not the intent of that statement.  The other 46 just added less than 113,500 each but the majority of that 2.2 million could still be distributed among them.
like he had anything to do with that.. when did you check out bro? did you just say you expect a plan for nuclear terrorism? actually? maybe your parents should handle your posts for you if they can. the plan for nuclear terrorists is kill them before they push the ever lovin motherfuckin button. But by all means, tells us your detailed plan to handle these men.
Looking for the best in brain-building activities has most likely seen the excitement around LEGO Bricks in recent years. An increasing number of parents and educators are recognizing the learning opportunities these little interlocking bricks can bring to their kids.
Beside standard Swift (which may be registered and checked for money laundering) there are the money transfer companies (Western Union) and the electronic currencies like bitcoin.  Besides that is buying something very expensive (gold / diamonds) and sell them again a possibility to transport vast amount of value.
&gt; I don't have any data for this, but I believe online sales would increase as brand awareness increases. There are also benefits where you can buy online and have it delivered, but return in person.  Right, right...I wonder if it's beneficial sometimes to have a physical location because the consumer is less likely to make the purchase if they have to go through the process of shipping it back.  Would be very interesting to see if after X amount of time if a brand is still as prominent online as it was in Y location after it left physically, or does leaving physically cause a degradation in brand awareness and thusforth sales.  &gt;Probably low rents. Commercial real estate is a difficult business. Hot locations are always rented. Bad locations will do anything to keep their tenants.  Figured. I wonder how common re-negotiations are.  &gt;I have never seen either of those items be accepted for return...  They do, and then they are damaged out. Perhaps this is part the answer, in order to have a lenient return policy physical locations are part of the equation to decrease loss.
Well, as far as anecdotal evidence goes, my SO is working on a undergraduate finance degree at U of T, and has been hired at the Canadian office of a large American bank, in a field related to IB.  That said, if it's possible to be hired at the Canadian office of an American bank, presumably it is possible to apply and 'cross-over' to an American branch in the future - all you need is to be able to get your foot in the door, and be re-hired to another position as an insider, with references from your MD, Director and Associate.  Another piece of anecdotal evidence is that many of her superiors have degrees in other subject areas. The reality is, they're looking for smart people - pedigree is probably reasonably unimportant.  I'm not sure if this information is transferable to work as a quant, though. In many ways, your discipline would be more technical, or skill based, and require less 'character' from the applicant, and more competency.  As for Montreal.. the only two schools pedigreed Americans know of are McGill and U of T, generally in that order (everyone will know of McGill, and about half of those people will know of U of T). I can imagine that either of the two schools would be an excellent choice - I am biased toward U of T for personal reasons, and also because it is located directly beside Bay Street, so the networking opportunities for the widest variety of international banks (and private wealth managers) are definitely there, but I wouldn't knock McGill, from a reputation perspective.   I think the reality is that while you should consider your options *carefully*, whatever option you choose will be based on a lot of over-thinking - it's unavoidable, and a good thing, but ultimately, I imagine, meaningless. If you're smart, driven and connected, you *will* get the job, regardless of which of those two schools you choose.
No. An employer is legally obliged to deduct taxes from your pay cheque and send them to the IRS. The only way round that is to either provide evidence of deductions that would reduce your tax bill to nothing, or to become self-employed.
&gt; Operating in a country that allows you to make profit, in my opinion, establishes a duty to pay one's fair share of taxes. Paying legislators to make laws enabling tax avoidance is, in my mind, unethical. Clearly we have a different idea of what is ethical and not.  You have stumbled upon the heart of exactly why Burger King's actions (and those of other companies that do similar things) are perfectly justified, although perhaps not in the manner you intended.   In the entire developed world, corporations are taxed at a certain rate on the income that they make as a result of business operations in that country.  In the US, US headquartered corporations are taxed at a certain rate not only on the income that they make a result of business operations in that country, but also on the income that they make as the result of business operations in other countries.   Operating in a country that allows you to make a profit established a duty to pay one's fair share of taxes. Operating in a country that allows you to make a profit does not establish any duty to pay one's fair share of taxes *to an entirely different country*. Or at least, no moral or ethical obligation to do so. The US may try to make a legal obligation to do so, but I certainly can't fault any company which tries to avoid that obligation, since the obligation is inherently unjust in the first place.  If you don't want companies doing stuff like this, might I suggest that your country should stop imposing such ridiculous tax laws, and get in line with the rest of the developed world. Every other country in the world is content to tax their fair slice of the pie for stuff that happens in their borders; only the US expects a bite out of everyone else's pie too.   Same should go for personal income earned by US citizens living abroad. They should have no obligation to pay US income taxes.
More likely employees that were either never trained, trained improperly, or just don't give a fuck. I'm sure there was plenty of Target employees raking in free money but it was clearly not just an inside job with how widespread the practice became.
I am from Australia, so my answer is based on my experience over here, however it should be similar for the USA. Generally, what determines both the price of houses/apartments and the rents for them is supply and demand. When there is high demand and low supply prices (or rents) generally go up. When there is low demand and high supply prices (or rents) usually go down. What can sometimes happen when house prices go down, is that the demand can drop but so can supply. As the prices drop, developers will make less money on building new houses, so stop building new houses. Other developers can go bankrupt. As less people (including investors) are buying houses, and more people (including investors) try to sell their existing houses, there will be more people looking to rent and less rental properties available to rent. This produces a perfect storm of high demand and low supply of rental properties, causing rents to rise strongly. When the property prices start to go up again as demand increases, there is a shortfall of new properties being built (due to the developers not building during the downturn). At this time developers start to build again but there is a lag time before the new houses can be completed. This lack of supply puts more pressure on both house prices and rents to go up further. Until equilibrium between supply and demand is realised or an oversupply of rental properties exists in the market, rents will continue to rise.
This depends in part on where you are. Sometimes signing over the title is all it takes to transfer ownership, sometimes more is involved.  Contact your local department of motor vehicles (or equivalent)  and ask them about how to transfer ownership, about registration (probably NOT transferrable), about license plates (you may need new ones), and about when the next inspection will be due (here, I think they gave me a grace period of one month to complete that even though it had been inspected for the previous owner two months earlier).
VPN service allows access to secure data surfing. With many added features you can register for the service on your android phone as well. Invite and earn referal also available on the VPN service. Feel free to visit our website 24x7.
I would presume this goes entirely through the credit card network rather than the banking network. I am guessing that it's essentially the same operation as if you had returned something purchased on a card to the store for credit, but I'm not sure whether it really looks like a vendor credit to the network or if it is marked as a different type of transaction.
I got down voted for my comment.  But, this is exactly what a lot proponents of higher capital taxes argue.  That, if you are not a hoarder of wealth; then, you should not worry about a high capital gains tax.    And, again as the video clearly demonstrated.  Capital gains prevent labor gains; where the lower and middle classes earn.
Most mutual funds underperform the stock market.  Of those that over-perform, much of the performance can be attributed to dumb luck.  Most mutual funds exist to generate fees from you, rather than make you wealthy.  In my opinion, if you want to invest in one, choose a no-load index fund, and you will outperform most other funds.  Better still get some good financial education and learn to manage your funds/investments yourself.
"http://finance.yahoo.com/stock-alerts/stock-watch/add/?.done=/stock-alerts/ You will have to have a yahoo account. If you want to provide an alternative delivery email address, visit the URL above. Click ""Stocks Watch"", enter ticker(s) and price(s) at which you want alerts, then at the bottom select the ""email"" radio button. If your preferred email address is not listed, click the ""Add an email address"" link and follow the instructions. I don't know what their limit is, but I currently have three addresses set up -- two to non-@yahoo addresses -- and it works fine."
This seems really simple to me.
"The link you originally included had an affiliate code included (now removed). It is likely that your ""friend"" suggested the site to you because there is something in it for your ""friend"" if you sign up with their link. Seek independent financial advice, not from somebody trying to earn a commission off you. Don't trust everything you read online – again, the advice may be biased.  Many of the online ""reviews"" for Regal Assets look like excuses to post affiliate links. A handful of the highly-ranked (by Google Search) ""reviews"" about this company even obscure their links to this company using HTTP redirects. Whenever I see this practice in a ""review"" for a web site, I have to ask if it is to try and appear more independent by hiding the affiliation? Gold and other precious metal commodities can be part of a diversified portfolio, a small part with some value as a hedge, but IMHO it isn't prudent to put all your eggs in that basket. Look up the benefits of diversification.  It isn't hard to find compelling evidence in favor of the practice.  You should also look up the benefits of low-fee passively-managed index funds. A self-directed IRA with a reputable broker can give you access to a wide selection of low-fee funds, not just a single risky asset class."
I'll have to think it through, but at the very least unless your debt is a pure discount instrument and  you are using cash flows, some if that money IS getting paid during those 5 years. As in if you are using earnings, they pay p&amp;i. Or if earnings and pure discount instruments, then amortized interest (I think, been a while).  You see the actual numbers and know what you are trying to do, but I'm a little lost. Are you building a discount model with a multiple terminal and using ev as the multiple? Are you using free cash flow to firm for the discounting? I'm guessing that's the case.
"Yes, kinda.   Talk to local banks about a business account, and tell them you want to enable certain employees to make deposits but not withdrawals.  They don't need to know you're all the same person.   For instance I have a PayPal account for business.  These allow you to create ""sub accounts"" for your employees with a variety of access privileges.  Of course I control the master account, but I also set up a ""sub account"" for myself.  That is the account I use every day."
pretty good post. i just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that i have really enjoyed reading your blog posts.  ganska bra inlägg. Jag har bara snubblat på din blogg och ville säga att jag verkligen haft läsa dina blogginlägg.
The best would be to spend the money in US dollars. Order something from eBay/Amazon, even for resale, or pay someone in the US for services that you don't care where they're coming from, etc.
"For most banks this is not the case.  Transfers within the bank are usually instantaneous. It is not uncommon for banks to draw out the length of transactions because while the money is ""transferring"" or ""settling"" it is actually sitting on the bank's balance sheet, being lent out but not earning any interest.  A good deal for them when you aggregate over the millions of customers they have.  Your bank may be trying to squeeze a few pennies of interest out of you. Delays in transactions also allow their fraud team the flexibility to investigate transactions if they want to. Normally they probably don't but if the bank delays all transactions, then those being investigated will not be aware of it."
Oxford Review makes a lot of sense.   You're right - I should start off with a small goal. I am planning to do a reach out to about 100 professors and kind of take it from there. Would you be interested in being an advisor?
*Follow the rules. You’ve learned and passed driving exam by knowing and following the rules so just keep on doing and practicing it for a safe tour. *Don’t drive as if you own the road. Remember that there are other vehicles across the way. *Before heading to a long road trip, be sure that you have plenty of rest or sleep so that you’ll be alert when driving. *Listen to traffic reports or updates to know the best route that you take.
You were told wrong. Lifetime Learning Credit is not a refundable credit. I.e.: it reduces your tax liability, but you cannot get refund if it exceeds your tax liability. See the IRS pub 970 for more information: A tax credit reduces the amount of income tax you may have to pay.   Unlike a deduction, which reduces the amount of income subject to tax,   a credit directly reduces the tax itself. The lifetime learning credit   is a nonrefundable credit. This means that it can reduce your tax to   zero, but if the credit is more than your tax the excess will not be   refunded to you. You may be able to qualify for a different benefit: the American Opportunity credit. This one is (partially) refundable. See here for details. This credit is available until 2017.
It's not worth the effort - executing a transaction costs time and money,and if you get only back your 14 cent, why'd you care? Same reason why some people don't pick up a penny - not worth the effort
As I'm sure you are reading in Hull's classic, the basic valuation of bonds depends on the chance of entity defaulting on those bonds.  Let's start with just looking at the US.  The United States has a big advantage over corporations in issuing debt as it also prints the same currency that the debt is denominated in.  This makes it much easier not to default on your debt as you can always print more money to pay it.  Printing too much currency would cause inflation lowering the value of debt, but this would also lower the value of US corporate debt as well.  So you can think of even the highest rated corporate bonds as having the same rate as government debt plus a little extra due to the additional default risk of the corporation. The situation with other AA rated governments is more complicated.  Most of those governments have debt denominated in their local currency as well so it may seem like they should all have similar rates.  However, some governments have higher and some actually have lower rates than the United States.  Now, as above, some of the difference is due to the possible need of printing too much currency to cover the debt in crisis and now that we have more than one country to invest in the extra risk of international money flowing out of the country's bonds. However, the bigger difference between AA governments rates depends more on money flow, central banks and regulation.  Bonds are still mostly freely traded instruments that respond to supply and demand, but this supply and demand is heavily influenced by governments.  Central banks buy up large portions of the debt raising demand and lowering rates.  Regulators force banks to hold a certain amount of treasuries perhaps inflating demand. Finally, to answer your question the United States has some interesting advantages partially just due to its long history of stability, controlled inflation and large economy making treasuries valuable as one of the lowest risk investments.  So its rates are generally on the low end, but government manipulation can still mean that it is not necessarily the lowest.
You seem to think that stock exchanges are much more than they actually are. But it's right there in the name: stock exchange. It's a place where people exchange (i.e. trade) stocks, no more and no less. All it does is enable the trading (and thereby price finding). Supposedly they went into mysterious bankruptcy then what will happen to the listed companies  Absolutely nothing. They may have to use a different exchange if they're planning an IPO or stock buyback, that's all. and to the shareholder's stock who invested in companies that were listed in these markets ?  Absolutley nothing. It still belongs to them. Trades that were in progress at the moment the exchange went down might be problematic, but usually the shutdown would happen in a manner that takes care of it, and ultimately the trade either went through or it didn't (and you still have the money). It might take some time to establish this. Let's suppose I am an investor and I bought stocks from a listed company in NYSE and NYSE went into bankruptcy, even though NYSE is a unique business, meaning it doesn't have to do anything with that firm which I invested in. How would I know the stock price of that firm  Look at a different stock exchange. There are dozens even within the USA, hundreds internationally. and will I lose my purchased stocks ?  Of course not, they will still be listed as yours at your broker. In general, what will happen after that ?  People will use different stock exchanges, and some of them migth get overloaded from the additional volume. Expect some inconveniences but no huge problems.
"I'm from north jersey and not much of a gambler, so I'm def not their normal customer.  But I'm young(ish) and have some extra cash - they need to find a way to get me and my crowd. I think if they did organized trips, like party-buses drive back/forth, cheap/reasonable hotel room prices, and maybe some entertainment - I'd go.  And i'd drop enough money on shopping, restaurants, and booze to make it worthwhile.  One problem is that when I think ""what should I do this weekend?"", driving 3 hrs to pay for parking so I can gamble at a rundown hotel doesn't seem to come to mind."
You must consider the different levels of risk associated with each loan. When the bank loans you money, it does so based on a high degree of information about your financial situation (through your credit report + additional information gathered at the time of granting your request). It feels quite confident that you will repay them, and therefore considers you to be low risk. In order to make a profit off of all its low risk clients, the bank only needs to charge a small rate of interest - competitive with the market but enough to cover the losses from clients who will default. When you loan money through a peer-to-peer program, you are at two distinct disadvantages from the bank: (1) Your loan portfolio will not be diversified; that is, you may have only a single person or a small handful of people owing you money. Any catastrophic event in their lives may wipe out their loan to you. Whereas the bank can play the averages with a broader client base. (2) You have less information, and ultimately less (effective) power to reclaim your losses. Would you feel confident walking behind the desk at a bank today, and deciding whether to approve someone's loan based on the information that the bank's back-end has already determined is necessary to make that decision? Now how about when you are doing it on your own? Because of this, you take on more risk from a peer-to-peer loan than a bank takes on from you. That's why the person is willing (or, required due to market availability) to pay a higher rate; they know they are higher risk. That doesn't mean this is a bad idea, just that there is a specific reason that the difference in rates exists, and it implies that you should consider carefully whether the risks outweigh the benefits. Note that the concept of taking a buy/sell position on two theoretically identical assets while earning a net profit at no risk is known as 'arbitrage'. Arbitrage situations rarely exist, and never for long. Whenever you see a position that appears to be arbitrage, consider what might make it not so. ie: you could buy inventory in location A, and sell it at 10% higher margin in location B - but have you considered transportation, carrying costs, and interest for the period that you physically held the inventory? The appearance of arbitrage may (in my opinion) be a sign that you have incomplete information.
"https://money.stackexchange.com/a/79252/41349 https://money.stackexchange.com/a/79261/41349  Adding to @Chris H answer about damage limitation Online purchases could include phone/tablet app purchases, which could be an issue if you have children or you are a victim of fraud. First link from googling ""Kid racks up almost $6,000 on Jurassic World in-app purchases"" Adding to @Michael C. Answer I think credit cards perhaps can make it more difficult to budget, if you are more lazy/have limited savings.  These might happen more long term if you don't keep track of your spending. I.e. If your credit limit matches your monthly income, and if you pay off your card each month, I think it is harder to overspend as you don't have more credit available than you can afford to spend. However this is countered by that, a slightly higher credit limit may help to avoid fees from exceeding your credit card limit. I think due to that some/not all purchases are instantly ""banked"", i.e. the shop might send all of its monies to its bank at the end of the day or something like this, so you can just keep spending not realising you have exceeding your credit limit and get hit by fees."
"Yes it's entirely possible; see below.  If you can't find anything on transfers out (partial or otherwise) on anyone's site it's because they don't want to give anyone ideas. I have successfully done exactly what you're proposing earlier this year, transferring most of the value from my employer's group personal pension scheme - also Aviva! - to a much lower-cost SIPP.  The lack of any sign of movement by Aviva to post-RDR ""clean priced"" charge-levels on funds was the final straw for me.  My only regret is that I didn't do it sooner!  Transfer paperwork was initiated from the SIPP end but I was careful to make clear to HR people and Aviva's rep (or whatever group-scheme/employee benefits middleman organization he was from) that I was not exiting the company scheme and expected my employee and matching employer contributions to continue unchanged (and that I'd not be happy if some admin mess up led to me missing a month's contributions). There's a bit more on the affair in a thread here.  Aviva's rep did seem to need a bit of a prod to finally get it to happen.  With hindsight my original hope of an in-specie transfer does seem naive, but the out-of-the-market time was shorter and less scary than anticipated. Just in case you're unaware of it, Monevator's online broker list is an excellent resource to help decide who you might use for a SIPP; cheapest choice depends on level of funds and what you're likely to hold in it and how often you'll trade."
When a company IPOs the underwriters sell a given percentage on IPO day and shortly thereafter. Whatever is sold on IPO day trades freely.   Insiders, employees and investors who bought before the IPO only sell a percentage of their shares on IPO day. They all also agree to 'lock up' the remainder for a period of time, so that not everyone is rushing to the exits right away. Well, if you're an employee you don't per-se agree, it's just how your stock options are setup and you don't really have a say in the matter.
Why is this on r/finance lol. But of course that's a common thing. 300 a month sounds extremely cheap depending on where you are. Sounds like your friend is trying to take advantage of your dad owning a house and stay there for free, no?
The top feature of these stacking windows and doors is that you can make considerable savings with their help because their design and make creates a kind of airtight construction that reduces the flow of outgoing and incoming heat and your home will stay cooler for longer in summers and warmer for longer in winters.
"Don't get me wrong. If I could consistently see 2 movies a month with this, it would be worth it. And there are almost certainly 24 movies I'd enjoy seeing  in cinemas in a given year.   It's just a big ""if"" for a lot of people."
This slave rents from slumlords now.  They suck, but at least I was able to keep my dog.  The 10 years that it will take to rebuild my credit is daunting, but it's not okay to artificially inflate the price of something, only to drop it back down to half of the original price in the span of 2 years.  Nothing happened to that neighborhood.  It was and still is quiet and lovely.  But the schools there were abysmal, and I can't let my very gifted daughter think she's doing well when she's not working for the A that she gets.
"Warren Buffet isn't using any special sauce. He looks for value and ignores hype, greed, and fear. He buys what he knows and looks for companies that generate cash and/or are available for a discount of their true value. He explains what he looks for in a company and his reasons for buying it. He has said on numerous occasions, ""I look for intrinsic value."" (So there's your formula.) Human nature is often  irrational and investing seems to bring out the fear and greed. I've always been a bit surprised when people ascribe some sort of sixth sense to Warren Buffet's success. He just works hard and doesn't deviate from a sound strategy. ""Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful."" And of course, rule one: ""Don't lose money."" It's not a joke. How many people buy high and sell low because of fear and greed? When the market tanks, buy more. Finally, anyone can invest with Buffet without all the work. Just buy a few shares of BRK.A or BRK.B."
"Oh Dear, our poor Oranagenottan is having a temper tantrum, poor baby, being called a ""Fucking Moron"" must really sting when all your life you have been wanted to be taken seriously, but life has been a series of Bankruptcies and Humiliating failures, and here you finally are, the President of the United states, arguably the most powerful man in the world and they just keep hounding you and making fun of you and ridiculing you.  All that anger and frustration, must be boiling over, the moment that all that you thought of yourself and all that you had become was finally coinciding and the world looked at you and thought  #Fucking Moron  and then they all laughed  You must be so very angry"
well, no, i just see some really huge numbers been thrown around, like Spain's banks will need several tens of Bn euros to be rescued... that's a huge amount of money, even if not a large share of the problem, a nation in trouble should not be saving the private sector's ass.
&gt; Amazon's share of new book unit purchases was 41%, dominating 65% of all online new book units, print and digital. The company achieved that percentage by not only being the largest channel for e-books, where it had a 67% market share in March, but also by having a commanding slice of the sale of print books online, where its share in March was estimated at 64%.  [source](http://www.publishersweekly.com/pw/by-topic/industry-news/bea/article/62520-bea-2014-can-anyone-compete-with-amazon.html#path/pw/by-topic/industry-news/bea/article/62520-bea-2014-can-anyone-compete-with-amazon.html)
&gt;This is actual socialism, you understand that, right? Did you forget to read the part of socialism that defines it as workers controlling the means of production?  This is not socialism. Socialism is the collective ownership of the means of production. I'm not advocating that.  I said the exact opposite. I advocate the private ownership of the means of production.  I also advocate the distributed private ownership of the means of production.  The more capitalists and entrepreneurs, the better.  The scenario i described helps distribute the means of production to more individuals.  &gt;Ya, and this is also exactly socialism's end goal  The ends are one thing, the means are another.
I'm not so sure I buy this article, but for anyone who doesn't know, Rajan wrote a great book called Fault Lines that linked entrenching class disparity in the U.S. with the mortgage build up and the following crisis. Great read
"(relix already hit on some of this)  It's hard to explain this to a five-year-old, because there are some fairly abstract concepts involved, but here goes...   All actual ""money"" is debt. All of it, including monetary gold, etc. (Don't argue with me yet, I'll get to that.)  Imagine a pretend world with no money, some kind of primitive villiage or something. Now let's invent paper money. You can't just print a bunch of paper that says people have to give you stuff, because nobody would honor it. But you *could* print IOUs. Let's walk through this...  - Let's say you're an apple-farmer and I'm a hunter. You want some meat but haven't harvested your crops yet. You say to me, ""hey, go hunt me some meat and I'll give you 1/10th of my apple harvest in the fall"". Fair enough, I give you meat, you owe me apples. There's probably a lot of this kind of stuff going on, in addition to normal barter. In time, standard ""prices"" start to emerge: a deer haunch is worth a bushel of apples, or whatever.   - Now, let's say a week later, I realize that my kid needs a new pair of shoes more than I need a bushel of apples. I come back to you and say,  ""Hey remember that bushel of apples you owe me? Could you write a marker, redeemable for one bushel of apples, that I can give to the shoemaker in trade for a pair of shoes?"" You say okay, and we have invented a *transferable note*, something a lot like money.   - In time, our little villiage starts to figure out that a note redeemable for a bushel of apples can be swapped for all kinds of things. The fisherman who doesn't even like apples will accept apple-certificates in trade for fish, because he knows he can trade them to boat-builder who loves apples. In time, you can even start to hire farm-workers without giving them anything except a note promising a cut of the future harvest.   Now, you are issuing *debt*: a promise to provide apples. The ""money"" is a transferable IOU-- your workers get a promise to provide value equal to a day of farm-work, or whatever, and it's transferrable, so they can use it to buy whatever they want. The worker gets fish from the fisherman, not in exchange for doing any work or giving him anything he can use, but in exchange for an IOU that the fisherman can redeem anywhere.   So far so good. But there are a couple of forks in the road here, on the way to a realistic monetary system, that we'll address separately:  - What happens if your apple orchard is destroyed in a wildfire? Suddenly all the notes that everyone has been trading are basically wiped out. It didn't ""go"" anywhere, it's just gone, it doesn't exist. Real value was genuinely destroyed. There is no thermodynamic law of the conservation of monetary value-- just as you and I created it by creating transferable debt, it can also be genuinely destroyed. (We'll get back to this in a minute, it gets interesting).   - The second issue is that, in all probability, the whole town is not *just* trading apple-certificates. I could also issue promises to catch deer, the fisherman could issue promises of fish, and so on. This could get pretty messy, especially if you got the notion to issue more apple-certificates than you can grow: you could buy all kinds of stuff with self-issued debt that you could never repay, and the town wouldn't find out until harvest-time comes. Once again, value has been ""destroyed"" people worked and made stuff and gave you stuff in exchange for something that doesn't exist, and will never exist. All that stuff they made is gone, you consumed it, and there is nothing to show for it.  The above two concerns are likely to become manifest in our village sooner or later, and probably sooner.  This leads to the question of *credit*, which is, at its most basic, a measure of *credibility*. Every time you issue an apple-certificate, you are *borrowing*, with a promise to repay from future apple-harvests.   After the first couple of town scandals, people will start taking a closer look at the credibility of the issuer. Let's say the town potato-farmer comes up with a scheme where his potato-certificates are actually issued by some credible third-party, say the town priest or whatever, who starts every growing season with a book of numbered certificates equal to the typical crop-yield and no more, and keeps half of the certificate on file, issuing the other half. Now there is an audit trail and a very credible system that is likely to earn the potato-grower a lot of credit, compared to other farmers in town. That means that the potato-grower can probably issue more notes at a better exchange rate than some murkier system. Similarly, the town drunk probably won't get much value for his certificates promising a ship of gold.   Now we have something like a credit market emerging, and the potato-farmer is issuing something closer to what we might call a modern ""bond""...  (continued in a reply to this post...)"
"There are books like, ""The Millionaire Mind"" that could be of interest when it comes to basics like living below your means, investing what you save, etc. that while it is common sense, it is uncommonly done in the world.  Something to consider is how actively do you want your money management to be?  Is it something to spend hours on each week or a few hours a year tops?  You have lots of choices and decisions to make. I would suggest keeping part of your savings as an emergency fund just in case something happens.  As for another part, this is where you could invest in a few different options and see what happens. There would be a couple of different methods I could see for breaking into finance that I'd imagine: IT of a finance company - In this case you'd likely be working on customizations for what the bank, insurance or other kind of financial firm requires.  This could be somewhat boring as you are basically a part of the backbone that keeps the company going but not really able to take much of the glory when the company makes a lot of money. Brains of a hedge fund - In this case, you may have to know some trading algorithms and handle updating the code so that the trading activities can be done by a computer with lightning speed.  Harder to crack into since these would be the secretive people to find and join in a way."
They'll largely be fine. They're to the point where it's all about business plans and securing financing. Determining long term risk for these types of firms are the main hold up at this point. But, given that everything else is flooded with investment capital already, I expect more and more lenders to get into the space.
"Forbes is simply a well-distrubted content farm. Forbes doesn't write articles to ""inform the reader"" or ""make a coherent argument."" Forbes writes articles simply to get attention from crowds to increase readership to increase ad revenue.  Forbes' business model is quite simple: (1) hire a bunch of pseudo-intellectual ""executive writers"" and have them scribble whatever idiotic idea comes to mind. And since these ""executive writers"" are such genius, they don't even to do research. The end result is a magazine and website written in doublespeak. (2) have an outsourced bureau in India construct lists of the ""words richest"" and ""most expansive"" things/people^1.  This way the publication appeals to the not-so-bright-and-rather-gullible-mid-level-executive manager^2 who is looking at ways to get ahead in his job so he/she can afford to buy Rolex watches and Armani tuxes so they can appear to be rich, powerful, and successful. These mid-level-executives try to implement all the bad ideas they pick up reading in the work place.  Of course this nothing new. The majority of business/investing magazines operate in the same manner (e.g. Smart Money, Money, Entrepreneur, etc). Think of Forbes as Cosmopolitan of business periodicals^3. Think of Forbes as Paris Hilton in a crowd of other attention-hungry socialites in front of a bored paparazzi^4.  In general, magazines are full of pointless and misleading information--the business of magazines has been marginalized into the business of cheaply putting words (and pictures) between advertisements. Forbes isn't about providing its readers with smart analysis; Forbes is about making a cheap magazine and filling it up with ads. So writers are judged on sheer output, not quality^5.   Today an article made it to the front page of reddit titled *89 Business Cliches That Will Get Any MBA Promoted And Make Them Totally Useless*^6 --I found this article to be wonderfully meta, since it implies that people who follow what they preach are useless. This gives me hope. Of course if things continue to degrade magazines will likely be entirely picture based by about 2020^7.  Please make it a point to only read/watch/listen/buy media that at least attempts to produce quality and unbiased content. If companies stop getting paid to manufacture shit, they will hopefully stop making shit.  **tl;dr** Forbes is a very elaborate content farm  1. Bonus points are awarded for lists that also tie-in three or more cleavage pics  2. there are quite a few of these people  3. Cosmo: ""10 ways to bring your man to orgasm"", Forbes: ""10 buzzwords you need in your resume""  4. My point being things will naturally become quite obscene/ridiculous/dumb.   5. AMA Request: Forbes Editor/Writer  6. [link](http://www.forbes.com/sites/ericjackson/2012/06/19/89-business-cliches-that-will-get-any-mba-promoted-to-middle-management-and-make-them-totally-useless/)  7. In which case, we can only hope that either: magazines go bankrupt, 2012 Apocalypse predictions are correct.  edits* grammar elaboration being anal"
I think you are thinking too hard about this. If a billionaire's assets increase 70% in the stock market, he created $700M in new wealth.  If 300 people each create a million dollars in new wealth. We have 300 new millionaires creating 300M in wealth, but still 70% of wealth among the 301 people was created by the billionaire. 300 new millionaires is still a good thing, no matter what you think about how to tax a billionaire's assets.
Your search for Sydney Handyman ends with Sydney Handyman Hire. Our growth in the last few years has come by earning the trust and building good relationships with clients. We have a track record of providing excellent services which allows our clients to focus on their work.  Address: 6/17-21 Bowden Street, Alexandria, NSW 2015,   Phone No: 1300 336 547
"There's an elephant in the room that no one is addressing: Suckers. Usually when there's a bubble, many people are fully aware that its a bubble. ""This time its different"" is a sales pitch to the outsiders. It the dotcom boom for example a lot of people knew that the P/E was ridiculous but bought objectively valueless tech stocks with the idea of unloading them later to even bigger fools. People view it like the children's game musical chairs: as long as I'm not standing when the music ends some other sucker gets left holding the bag. But once you get that first hit of easy money, its sooo tempting to keep playing the game. Sometimes, if it lasts long enough, you start to drink your own kool-aid: gee maybe it really is different this time. The best way to win a crooked game is not to play*. *Just in case someone thinks I'm advising against the stock market in general, I'm not: I'm advocating not buying stocks that you know are worthless with the hope of unloading them on some other sucker."
I can't believe anyone in their right mind would put US health care above most 3rd world healthcare.       The lowest quality care I ever receive is in the US.  It feels like hospitals are constantly trying to upsell me, and doctors are trying to squeeze treatment into my insurance coverage, instead of doing what is most medically appropriate.      In the developing world, I can go to the best private clinic, typically full of western educated doctors, and pay cash for first class medical treatment.  Then pay cash that is less than a deductible in the US.
You have to remember that Costco only builds in richer areas too. I live near the Quad Cities (Davenport, Iowa is the biggest of those cities) and we are just getting our first Costco (not sure if they have even broken ground yet). And it is closest to Bettendorf, the richest city in the area. There are no Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, etc in the area. As of now, there is one Trader Joe's in Iowa, in Des Moines, with another going up in Iowa City.   Any chain that can be that selective about locating themselves in the richest neighborhoods will almost always be able to afford to pay more, unlike Walmart which is everywhere.
Many companies actually just issue new shares for employee compensation instead of buying back existing ones. So actually, the share price should go down because the same value is now diluted over more shares. In addition, this would not necessarily affect companies with many employees than those with fewer employees because companies with more employees tend to be bigger and thus have more shares (among which the change in demand would be distributed). Also, I think many companies do not issue shares to employees every pay day, but just e.g. once every quarter.
Google Finance gives you this information.
"&gt;Interest rate swaps are now over 80 percent of the massive derivatives market, and JPMorgan holds about $57.5 trillion of them.  Without the protective JPMorgan swaps, interest rates on U.S. debt could follow those of Greece and climb to 30%.  CEO Dimon could, then, indeed be “the guy in charge”: he could be controlling the lever propping up the whole U.S. financial system.  This guy is a total idiot. To anyone wondering why, learn what is meant by ""notional value"" and you'll unedrstand why people that list numbers like this as if it has that much importance do not understand derivatives.  In short, 57 trillion in *notional value* means vastly less in actual play, far too little to backstop the US government, where a trillion is an actual trillion."
The only way I can think of to do this would be to take a cash advance against the card, then buy the wire transfer with that cash. Of course cash advances typically start accumulating interest immediately, since the credit card company isn't capturing a fee from the vendor, and may be at a different interest rate than other charges... so given the choice, I'd suggest you write a check instead. As @KiethS points out, there have been a number of scams involving getting people to send (non-cancellable) wire transfers and then not delivering the goods/services paid for. A wire transfer is, essentially, cash. If you don't know exactly who you're dealing with, don't.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.nber.org/papers/w23371) reduced by 72%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; NBER Working Paper No. 23371Issued in April 2017NBER Program(s): AG DAE ED EFG HE LS PR. Using panel data on individual labor income histories from 1957 to 2013, we document two empirical facts about the distribution of lifetime income in the United States.  &gt; For women, median lifetime income increased by 22%-33% from the 1957 to the 1983 cohort, but these gains were relative to very low lifetime income for the earliest cohort.  &gt; Partial life-cycle profiles of income observed for cohorts that are currently in the labor market indicate that the stagnation of lifetime incomes is unlikely to reverse.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ltobr/lifetime_incomes_in_the_united_states_over_six/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~161478 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **income**^#1 **lifetime**^#2 **cohort**^#3 **inequality**^#4 **labor**^#5"
His parents did not hand the job to him at all. What is it with Reddit hating every person who lucked into being born with more money than they did? Does that mean he never earned anything? Is he not self made, no matter what he does, simply because he had some.advantages that you did not?
Why would the companies pay more to cover personal risks of the employee? The employees will just have to suck it up and live with more risks. Employees who cannot work anymore because of that are the problem of the state and society, not of the company.  There's a reason social safety nets were constructed in the first place.
"The implication is market irrationality is stronger than market rationality. Aka nothing makes sense when TSLA climbs to $400 or when CMG rises to $750.   I wouldn't say there is a systematic flaw in valuation. I think there is just a lot of ignorance. Markets are more open to household investors than ever before. You used to go to your broker and ask him what's up and he'd give you the inside scoop since you pay them money. Now you go onto marketwatch and get some random nobody's opinion on everything and make stock selections based on that.   But eventually the chickens come home to roost and things will correct itself. Big players will jump ship and cause signals to other traders to jump ship. The public can pump stocks up pretty high but it doesn't just go to infinity. Eventually someone will stop and say, ""wtf is going on"" and start selling. Stocks are sold on a basis of a limit order book so it's real prices that people are paying. People don't care about prices currently because most don't have any finance knowledge but want to invest their own money.  They just hear about Tesla doing something amazing (from some clickbait article or news outlet) and can't stop thinking about buying Tesla. They go to Chipotle and think ""wow this place is so good and hip, they must be a great investment"".   The markets have been filled with more subjective analysis than ever before especially with so much low quality information at your fingertips. Equally ignorant people startin blogs about investment and personal finance being shepherds for other ignorant people. In the end they all lose.  People who exclaim ""this stock is going up to $250 easily"" with literally zero quantitative analysis or even a baseline reference point to back it up are prime examples of this.   Ignorance of markets and cheap money almost always lead to market runs that end catastrophically. Dot com bubble, 1929 market crash, 2008, it's always the same. People who have no business taking loans out or buying on margin or leveraging positions with debt only to get fucked over once things are brought back down to Earth. After 2 runs of QE, we now have cheap money and with everyone being a crier for their personal investment strategy, we now also have rampant ignorance.   I don't expect things to last but no one can call the bottom or the top, or else you'd be very very rich. Have a safe portfolio, don't try to time the markets. Have a strategy that hedges against unexpected change, don't try to gamble on this change. Because it's ultimately impossible to predict the movement of every single person on this earth that invests their money into markets. So don't try. Just be prepared.   ----  To expand further into valuation theory:  at the end of the day, people invest their money to make more money.  It's as simple as that.  If your money doesn't grow in an investment vehicle, it's ultimately a shit investment.  But no one values intrinsic value of a company's equity before they decide whether or not $380 for TSLA is a good/bad deal.  As a result, stocks can be pumped up way higher and people still see the gains on their stocks through capital gains fueled by other optimistic investors.   Non-zero sum goes both ways.  People can make shitloads of money on stock without an equitable loser--people can also lose shitloads on stock without any real winner emerging from the rubble.  When this bubble bursts, lots and lots of people will lose money on TSLA when people's expectations become rational and they stop paying $300 a share for a negative or 70 PE ratio.  It's insane what multipliers people will pay for these companies without even realizing the implication--if you buy a share of a company with a PE ratio of 70, you just paid 70 times their earnings for a share.  In an ideal world where they released every single penny of earnings as dividends, it would take you 70 periods to reclaim your money on that share.  This obviously doesn't take into account capital gains, but capital gains aren't supposed to be this irrational to where a stock can be pumped up into 70x PE ratio in the first place.  It's a whole messed up web of confusion and irrationality and eventually something will catalyze a reaction.  Imagine a market where everyone just agreed to pump up a single stock to infinity and everyone just rakes in shitloads of money.  Would this work?  Of course not.  It's literally a pyramid scheme that relies on future generations to constantly inject capital--no real value is being created by this scheme.  It requires constantly more future generations to continue adding money into the scheme and will crash once people stop pumping money into it.  The same thing will happen here.  Everyone ""agreed"" to pump up TSLA (in a sense) but eventually people will realize this is stupid as shit and the pyramid will come tumbling down because there is nothing they receive from this scheme other than the money from other people.  It's essentially moving money around, making 0 use of it, until people stop pumping money into the system and everyone realizes that nothing of real value had been produced through the use of this money.  Ultimately the only thing that creates real value is the money that is returned to shareholders from an outside party--the company you're invested in.  Real value is not created when people exchange stock and money.  So why do these transactions create higher values in equity?  The basis of equity valuation states that dividends are the only way for companies to raise the price of their stock, going off the traditional Dividend Discount Model.  And theoretically, that's the only logical explanation.  Buying and trading stock does nothing for the company, minus T Stock they might own.  Ultimately the only party creating real value is the underlying company.  If they aren't creating real value, then their stock should not be increasing, period.  The way they create value is by efficiently utilizing assets to generate returns on investment which can be returned to investors through dividends.  Dividends can only be increased (while maintaining an equitable payout ratio) by generating more net income that can increase the actual pool of money that can be allocated back to investors.  TSLA does not do this.  TSLA regularly loses money and overpromises.  There is no logical explanation for any of this except that everyone is irrational.    Obviously theory is not the same as in practice but the theory is important here because it's really the basis for any investment at all.  At the end of the day, a share of stock is the right to a share of the company's equity.  People own equity in companies because companies generate money that it returns back to its owners.  That's what a company does.  That's what an owner does.  If you own shares of a company, you're an owner.  And if your company does not return more money back to you YoY, then why are you invested in them?    Ultimately, you're riding a capital gains wave that will eventually subside once market irrationality succumbs to rationality.  And it always does because the real value always catches up to the fake value that is caused by pumping and dumping stocks."
You really need to back that up. If you are talking about graduate degrees it is a way different ballgame as math and science researchers generally pay similar tuition's after GA and TA stipends are given out.  This takes cost out of the equation and higher prestige generally means accepting better students.  Thus their success become difficult to separate between their ability and the education they got.  As for undergrad degrees, the prestige doesn't matter.  You'll actually find a lot of public universities on those lists right up next to their expensive cousins.  Then there's this http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703597204575483730506372718.html.
I wish that /r/economy had Submission Statement requirements like /r/TrueReddit so that when someone posts an antagonistic title like this would be forced to at least state their stance on the topic.  Of course he also posted this in /r/conspiracy so I'm not sure /u/klmd should be taken terribly seriously to begin with.
Thanks to the online world, check ordering is much easier and less expensive.On our CheckOrdering.net website, we will show you the most effective way to check ordering.  You’ll be able to order checks for personal or business use. you will not need to concern yourself with having someone else do this once arduous task.
I think the only way to have an idea of whats going on is to take a sip of all the propaganda lies misinformation half-truths and of course the ever coveted granules of truth. Then sift through all the crap by overlaying all the stories on top of each other then fact checking what comes through as the actual story -the spin
[Chevy Bolt](http://www.chevrolet.com/bolt-ev-electric-vehicle) 238 miles range. You can buy it NOW, instead of waiting until next year. I would rather buy from GM than from Slick Muskie.  Parking problem is syndrome of dysfunctional management. I don't trust a place that can't even fix their parking problem could build a good car.
I would classify Bitcoin as a hybrid.  Currency : It is accepted by e-businesses as a form of payment  Commodity : Chart illustrating the volatility and speculative nature of Bitcoin
Why is the US still working with paper checks when Europe went digital about a decade ago? Tax filing is just another area in which the US is lagging. Modernizing it costs money, and the US is quite close to bankruptcy (as seen by the repeated government shutdowns).  Also, the US tax code is quite complicated. For instance, I doubt there's anyone who has a full and complete list of all allowed deductions.  Some comments wonder about multiple incomes. This doesn't require tax filing either. My local tax authority just sends me a combined statement with data from 2 employers and 2 banks, and asks me to confirm the resulting payment. This is possible because tax number usage is strictly regulated. SSN abuse in the US presumably makes this problematic.
Based on the definitions I found on Investopedia, it depends on whether or not it is going against an asset or a liability.  I am not sure what type of accounting you are performing, but I know in my personal day-to-day dealings credits are money coming into my account and debits are money going out of my account. Definition: Credit, Definition: Debit
"&gt; I have a bachelor's degree in management, but for the most part, we skimmed through several finance-related subjects like investments, project analysis.  I wish I could flag the question of ""why do they do this to you kids"" for future discussion with those more knowledgable, because surely there are incentives shaping these programs.  However, you asked for assistance, so I will share the limited knowledge that I have.  From the other advice, it seems clear that you should absolutely pursue a stronger background in accounting and finance in order to accomplish your long-term goals.  This work will need to extend past the point of this particular interview, whether you are hired by this company or not.  So you should probably approach that as a concurrent educational goal, rather than tying it to your preparations for this interview per se.  With regards to seeming smart, per se:  don't sweat it too much.  If you're qualified for the job without a certified educational background, then it's not a position where relative intelligence, short of frame-breaking brilliance, is going to be decisive.  Past the point where your prospective competence is established, other factors will quickly overshadow it.  Attempting to impress people with intelligence, rather than concrete achievements, should by rights serve as a red flag for prospective employers.  Intelligence cultivates its own set of liabilities and deficiencies.  The world is full of intelligent people who would rather be measured by what they *could* have achieved, rather than what they *did* achieve.  If attempting to be hired for this job involves a fully transparent approach --- that is, the company would be interested in knowingly hiring someone with an incomplete background   *in the work they will eventually be expected to perform* --- then your ability to prepare for the interview is a significant part of your resumé.  Low-hanging fruit, nonetheless easily missed, are histories of the industry, the technology, and the particular company."
This is a common occurrence when somebody has multiple jobs in one year. The employer can't know if you have reached the annual limit. They know to stop when you have hit the maximum for their company, but don't have information on the other jobs. In fact the IRS doesn't let them factor in the other jobs. They have to keep making their payment until you hit the max for their company. When you fill out the 1040 there will be a line that checks that the total social security amount for each person was not over the annual limit. The extra will be refunded when you file your taxes. In the future if this happens again you can adjust your withholding to minimize the overage. For the example given in the question to get the 4K extra sooner, increase the number of allowances on the W-4.  You can under withhold federal income tax because you will over withhold social security tax.
It's not clear exactly what you're after, but I'd echo /u/avarachen93 and say read the news. I'd focus on the WSJ, Financial Times, and Bloomberg. With the WSJ, read the business and finance section every day. Some articles will explain a topic quite well. Others will assume you already know the underpinnings. If you don't, go search for more on that until you do.  Also, for a more focused look at the financial news you can read some news summaries such as Matt Levine's Money Stuff or NY Time's DealBook.
This is a good reminder for investors to be skeptical of M&amp;A with respect to shareholder value creation.  &gt; S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence Quantamental Research, a research arm of the ratings agency, has updated a study on the impact of deals on the acquiring company’s share price. The study looked at M&amp;A deals done by listed companies in America’s Russell 3000 index between January 2001 and August 2017; deals were only included if they cost more than 5% of the total enterprise value of the acquirer (5% of the equity value, for financial companies). The acquirers’ shares underperformed the market ([see chart](https://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/640-width/images/print-edition/20171007_FNC817_1.png)) and those of rival firms in the same industry.
You could try looking for a UK implementation of http://www.yodlee.com/ : Google tells me that http://www.lovemoney.com/ ( http://www.yodlee.com/2010_1_20.html ) is one such service. I use ANZ money manager - an Australian implementation of Yodlee and find it very useful.  I wouldn't use Yodlee directly though (http://money-watch.co.uk/7197/uk-pfm-tool-review-yodlee-moneycenter) those T&Cs don't sound great.
"Welcome to Money.SE, and thank you for your service.  In general, buying a house is wise if (a) the overall cost of ownership is less than the ongoing cost to rent in the area, and (b) you plan to stay in that area for some time, usually 7+ years.  The VA loan is a unique opportunity and I'd recommend you make the most of it. In my area, I've seen bank owned properties that had an ""owner occupied"" restriction. 3 family homes that were beautiful, and when the numbers were scrubbed, the owner would see enough rent on two units to pay the mortgage, taxes, and still have money for maintenance. Each situation is unique, but some ""too good to be true"" deals are still out there."
That's the tragedy. No one in industry checks what coursework you took they just assume that the BS is more quantitative and impressive. There is certainly enough variation amongst programs such that some BAs have quant heavy work and some BSs do stand for bull shit.
&gt;I appreciate the detailed responses, truthfully however I feel like at least half of your points are either just argumentative for its sake alone, display a deep lack of understanding of unions, collective bargaining, and the histories of both, or ignore pragmatism and cling to an uncompromising and ultimately self-defeating ideology.  I feel the same way about your arguments, but I still try to respond to the content of your arguments rather than my assumptions about them.  &gt;The law forces the two parties to sit at a table. The law forces the two parties to discuss a few core things, like wages.   The law should not force any party to sit at any table. That violates a party's contract liberty.  &gt;The idea is since these worker-employer disputes exist naturally, making them at least sit at a table together and talking is helpful in avoiding ego and testosterone fueled disruptions where no one benefits.  That's nice that you think you know what's better for other people than they do for themselves, but that doesn't give you a right to force them to any table. A right to contract freedom means the right to dismiss any offer or refuse to even negotiate with a party.  &gt;If this you see this as a violation of one's liberty, I really don't know what to say to that.  Then I guess we have fundamentally different ideas about what is freedom and what is not. You seem to think that forcing someone to negotiate with a party, against their will, is not a violation of any of their rights.  &gt;I'm not saying I don't believe you, but citation needed.  Sorry I don't have time to dig up citations now. If I have time later, I'd be happy to do so. All I could find now is an inverse correlation between the state of a country's credit market and the rate of child labor:  http://www.fordschool.umich.edu/rsie/workingpapers/Papers476-500/r486.pdf  &gt;&gt;There is an abundance of indirect empirical evidence, discussed below, concerning  the role of credit constraints and educational attainment.  However, Dehejia and Gatti  (2002) test the hypothesis directly.  They estimate a basic model of child labor determination for a panel of 172 countries for the years 1950-60, 1970, 1980, and 1995.    &gt;&gt;The credit-constraint variable is proxied by the share in GDP of private credit issued by 10 deposit-money banks.  They find that a one standard deviation increase in the share of credit in GDP is associated with a 10 percent standard deviation decrease in child labor. They conclude that families with access to credit are considerably less likely to put  children to work during a period of economic volatility than parents without access to credit.  &gt;Wouldn't educating children first lead to an increase in productivity? Also, what if the owners of the means of production, only a few in an given area, have incomes 100x greater than the workers?   If there are efficient financial markets that allow parents to borrow money against the expected future increase in earnings from their children being educated, then yes.  In less developed economies, these markets have not developed, and the choice is often between death and child labor.   &gt;They seem to be producing enough wealth to support themselves, only they're not the beneficiaries.   Studies have shown that by and large, parents act altruistically towards their children, and only put them to work if it is in the children's best interest. e.g. page 32:  http://www.econ.puc-rio.br/pdf/seminario/2003/manacorda.pdf  &gt;&gt;Taking together the evidence so far presented, it  appears that the data are consistent with a model where the returns from child  labor do not accrue to the parents. Parents redistribute entirely these returns to their children in the form of lower labor supply and higher schooling (plus possibly increased consumption). 47  Laws against child labor therefore will generally do more harm than good.  &gt;What's the solution here?  The solution is to let the process of economic development run its course until child labor is not necessary.  &gt;This is typical anti-union propaganda, and it's funny you pull it out since it ignores your own ideology. What interest would a union have in destroying the very industry it needs to exist? Answer: none.  A union is not a self-interested party. A union represents self-interested parties, who are not directly affected by the destruction of their industry 30 years into the future, since they would have retired by then.  Many of the laws and union-backed agreements that ended up destroying many of America's industries took decades to have their full effect. It wasn't a case of a law being passed, and the next year, the industry going bankrupt.  &gt;I have no idea how one could come to this conclusion. I can only assume it stems from the same old idea that employers are always paying out the most that they can afford.  Why should employers pay out the most they can afford, and why should laws be passed to force employers to do so?  The only reason people invest is to profit. If all profits had to be paid to employees, there would be no incentive to invest, and therefore no increase in capital/productivity.  &gt;I happen to have first-hand knowledge that it's false however - when my workplace unionized recently, one of around a dozen locations nationally and the only one to organize, the company responded by increasing wages and benefits to all locations. Have any locations closed? No. Has anyone been laid off? No. Is the company still mad profitable? Yes.  A general effect happens gradually over a course of decades, and happens in the aggregate, not in every case. It will not be apparent in the short-run, and will not be manifested in every case. In other words, that unionization did not result in immediate bankruptcy of your industry does not prove that unionization does not have a negative effect over the average long term performance of industries and average long term increase in wages.
&gt;But you go ahead and keep saying that bribery and dishonesty pay, and i'll just never do business with you.  Being morally righteous isn't going to take you far in life more so going to cripple you in terms of what you can buy.  You have a smartphone right?  Look up who made what in it and your bound to see Samsung's name there.
First, you are reading that document correctly, but it's not 78% of original mortgage. It is actually 78% of original home value.  For example, if the home was valued at $100K when you bought it and you received a $90K loan, PMI must be removed when you owe $78K, not 78% of $90K. To make matters worse for the bank, they missed the required timing to drop PMI. I would print the document you referenced, cite the applicable portion, and tell them if they do not comply, you will report them for failure to comply. For example,  I'm sure I am not the only one in this situation, and the FDIC will be   eager to assess the huge fines they can collect from a bank that isn't   operating within the law. Something like that.
Hold on a moment - you were getting 5-7.5% commission on a product that only had a 40% gross margin?  That's.... amazingly high.  Really.  Considering that you are saying that the cost of goods sold for a typical TV is 60% (which sounds close enough to be realistic - my business is typically about 56% COGS), and then add to that the overhead of base salary, utilities, leasehold and leasehold improvements, taxes, operating costs...  Sears was probably making a final total of about 2% net margin on that TV sale, which isn't particular great.    Getting paid a commission that high on commodity goods is really quite good.
Nobody actually paid the ridiculous tax rates of the time.  People exploited loopholes like they do now.  Back then, there were more.  So the actual tax rate is irrelevant, and the actual tax rate paid is important.  I see this argument way too often.
"People should borrow and spend less, and save more.  Is this truly correct? Isn't the fundamental problem high supply and no demand?  Shouldn't it be ""borrow less but spend more"" - which of course would mean getting higher wages.  Am I wrong? Please to be educating."
Yes but the trendy new term is plant-based diet, and I think the attraction for a vegan fast food would be to get a quick, healthy meal that is reminiscent of typical fast food.  The way meat protein is consumed in the US and elsewhere is typically in conjunction with other processed ingredients.  If someone figures out a good menu with relatively healthy vegan food, I definitely think they could be successful.    Something like Jamba Juice where they have many locations inside or next to gyms seems like it could work.  Smoothies don't always cut it and a quick, cheap, healthy snack would be fantastic after or before a work out.  Honestly I never go to restaurants that serve meats and order something that is strictly vegan/vegetarian.  If there was a place I could go to quickly that specializes in vegan food I would love to give it a try.
Well, the problem with putting a group of people in charge of something so substantial is that man is corruptible.  The individuals in charge will change over time and eventually corrupt people will be in charge.  It's inevitable.  &gt; If you were in charge, what action would you take?  If I were in charge of the Fed or if I were in charge of designing a brand new monetary system?  If I were in charge of the Fed, I would immediately stop the creation of this funny money, make all of the Fed's account books, publications, meeting minutes and all other info public information.  I would invite a full audit of the entire organization.  I would then hold the people accountable for any fraud that turns up.  Then I would simply abolish the organization.  I believe local banks can better set lending rates just as local store owners can set better prices than a single federal organization.  Interest rates would reflect actual demand for loans, not reflect the secret personal agenda of some arrogant, elitist bureaucrat.  If I were designing a new monetary system, I would combine the obvious benefits of a gold/silver standard with the openness and decentralized nature of a currency like bitcoin.  I would create a published and predictable increase to the money supply that could not be changed, and would grow just enough to avoid constant deflation as economies expanded.  Most importantly, I would advocate and encourage the creation of alternate currencies to allow honest competition.
Being a lawyer in London comes with a higher level of prominence and responsibility, given the prominence of the place itself in various fields, including law and justice. This distinction has made the city a veritable battleground for counsels across several courts, with the Old Bailey as the most famous of all.
"Oh, so you are a HR ""professional"".  Everybody knows and its a source for a lot of jokes and essays that HR people are the enemy of employees, clueless about human relations and job requirements and the main cause of low moral in many companies.  And you, as an HR ""Professional"" going to give me lessons on how to evaluate candidates for IT jobs and how much they should get paid?  LOL!!!!!"
"If you're ready to start a 529 account, it makes a big difference which state you choose (some states have excessive fees).  It doesn't have to be your own state, but some states give you tax incentives to stay in-state.  What you need to do is check out Clark Howard's 529 Guide and check to see if your state is in the ""good"" list.  If not, then pick out a good state."
"I always enjoy reading the comments on these articles talking about how great Europe is compared to US. And maybe for some portion of society it is better, but there has to be a reason why so many people immigrate here.   The US healthcare system is a toilet, but you get high quality care if you have good insurance or can afford it otherwise.  I think the ""positive"" of the US system is if you take advantage of all the opportunities it affords and you have a little luck you can be very successful. The sky is literally the limit.  I have very little frame of reference but it seems a large number of Europeans I have met are content to make an income that allows them to live a very basic lifestyle."
"Even if we accept these claims as being true, neither the fact that their clients are more confident, nor the fact that people who use an investment professional have a higher net worth tells you anything about the value of the service that such professionals provide.  Judging a service provider is a complex matter where you take into account multiple variables but the main ones are the cost and quality of the service, the cost and quality of doing it yourself and the value you assign to your time and effort. I think it's highly likely that professional gardeners will on average maintain larger gardens than those who do their own garden work. And any professional will have more experience at his profession than an average member of the public. But to determine if hiring a professional is objectively ""better"" requires defining what that word means. Finance is a bit weird in that respect since we actually do have objective ways of measuring results by looking at performance over time. But since the quotes you give here don't address that at all, we can simply conclude that they do not make the case for anything related to financial performance."
"Two reasons: Many people make lots of financial decisions (and other kinds of decisions) without actually running any numbers to see what is best (or even possible).  They just go with their gut and buy things they feel like buying, without making a thoroughgoing attempt to assess the impact on their finances.  I share your bafflement at this, but it is true. A sobering example that has stuck with me can be found in this Los Angeles Times story from a few years ago, which describes a family spending $1000 more than their income every month, while defaulting on their mortgage and dipping into their 7-year-old daughter's savings account to cover the bills --- but still spending $275 a month on ""beauty products and services"" and $200 a month on pet expenses. Even to the extent that people do take finances into account, finances are not the only thing they take into account.  For many people, driving a car that is new, looks nice and fresh, has the latest features, etc., is something they are willing to pay money for.  Your question ""why don't people view a car solely as a means of transportation"" is not a financial question but a psychological one.  The answer to ""why do people buy new cars"" is ""because people do not view cars solely as a means of transportation"". I recently bought a used car, and while looking around at different ones I visited a car lot.  When the dealer heard which car I was interested in, he said, ""So, I guess you're looking for a transportation car.""  I thought to myself, ""Duh.  Is there any other kind?""  But the fact that someone can say something like that indicates that there are many people who are looking for something other than a ""transportation car""."
Just to offer another alternative, consider Certificates of Deposit (CDs) at an FDIC insured bank or credit union for small or short-term investments. If you don't need access to the money, as stated, and are not willing to take much risk, you could put money into a number of CDs instead of investing it in stocks, or just letting it sit in a regular savings/checking account. You are essentially lending money to the bank for a guaranteed length of time (anywhere from 3 to 60 months), and therefore they can give you a better rate of return than a savings account (which is basically lending it to them with the condition that you could ask for it all back at any time). Your rate of return in CDs is lower a typical stock investment, but carries no risk at all. CD rates typically increase with the length of the CD. For example, my credit union currently offers a 2.3% APY on a 5-year CD, but only 0.75% for 12 month CDs, and a mere 0.1% APY on regular savings/checking accounts. Putting your full $10K deposit into one or more CDs would yield $230 a year instead of a mere $10 in their savings account. If you go this route with some or all of your principal, note that withdrawing the money from a CD before the end of the deposit term will mean forfeiting the interest earned. Some banks may let you withdraw just a portion of a CD, but typically not. Work around this by splitting your funds into multiple CDs, and possibly different term lengths as well, to give you more flexibility in accessing the funds. Personally, I have a rolling emergency fund (~6 months living expenses, separate from all investments and day-to-day income/expenses) split evenly among 5 CDs, each with a 5-year deposit term (for the highest rate) with evenly staggered maturity dates. In any given year, I could close one of these CDs to cover an emergency and lose only a few months of interest on just 20% of my emergency fund, instead of several years interest on all of it. If I needed more funds, I could withdraw more of the CDs as needed, in order of youngest deposit age to minimize the interest loss - although that loss would probably be the least of my worries by then, if I'm dipping deeply into these funds I'll be needing them pretty badly.  Initially I created the CDs with a very small amount and differing term lengths (1 year increments from 1-5 years) and then as each matured, I rolled it back into a 5 year CD. Now every year when one matures, I add a little more principal (to account for increased living expenses), and roll everything back in for another 5 years. Minimal thought and effort, no risk, much higher return than savings, fairly liquid (accessible) in an emergency, and great peace of mind. Plus it ensures I don't blow the money on something else, and that I have something to fall back on if all my other investments completely tanked, or I had massive medical bills, or lost my job, etc.
You only OWN a 217-foot yacht as an investment.  If you want to yacht, ~~lease~~ rent.  If you own one you're going to ~~lease~~ rent it out anyway unless you intend to use it as your home and I think you're likely to get tired of that pretty soon.  Otherwise you're just tying up capital stupidly.
Why do people buy them when they would be cheap to make for themselves? Convenience. While you could easily find some pictures and lay them out with a sentiment, buy some card stock, print in colour, trim it, and perhaps glue on some glitter or whatnot, and then find an envelope that fits it, it's likely to take you an hour or more to do so. And you'll invest far more than $6 on your printer and various inventories. I made cards for my kids- we had construction paper, glitter, coloured markers etc and there was no need for an envelope. But most people will find it quicker and simpler to buy one fully assembled. The cost of the online ones is weird I agree. Perhaps people are also not confident they can compose a good greeting? Why do stores stock $6 cards that they buy for $3 (retail markup is 50-100% and I'm sure it's closer to 100% for cards) when a different supplier might provide them for $2? Well, even if such a supplier existed, I'm sure the store would be happy to sell for $6 still (see: people buy them) so there would be no consumer impact. A store that sells cards for $5 isn't going to siphon customers from elsewhere because most of us just don't buy cards often enough for it to matter.  Why does nobody become that supplier who will sell them cheaper? Selling stuff is more expensive than making stuff, and getting your product into retail stores is hard. Hard means time and time means money and all of that contributes more to the card price than the ink and paper do. That said, dollar stores sell cards, for a dollar typically, and people do buy them. I find they have less colours and the artwork is cruder. Perhaps you even get what you pay for when it comes to design, layout, printing etc.
Okay bad decisions, time to move on: Then move on with your life and don't fall for this kind of thing again. In the end you can probably end this with a net profit, or at worst, a small loss.  You are welcome to breathe a sigh of relief.
I didn't say they didn't do anything wrong. I said that criminal fraud is both difficult to prove and expensive to prosecute and therefore jail time was never a real possibility. They could have other regulatory transgressions that the government his hitting them for. Or more likely, it is just a shake down where the regulators promise more harsh sanctions or bad publicity that would actually cost BoA more than $16 billion in the future. The fine is a way for both parties to save face.
Such inequalities only exist for very short periods of time, precisely because people make money exploiting them. Read up on arbitrage.
Android is kinda behind as well honestly. If you really want to be up-to-date with your phone, rooting and installing third-party utility and apps is the way to do it. But yeah, it's pretty funny to have a standard android phone that makes the current flagship iPhone look outdated.
Congratulations on being in such good financial state.  You have a few investment choices. If you want very low risk, you are talking bonds or CDs. With the prime rate so low, nobody is paying anything useful for very low risk investments.  However, my opinion is that given your finances, you should consider taking on a little more risk. A good step is a index fund, which is designed to mirror the performance of a stock index such as the S&P 500. That may be volatile in the short-term, but is likely to be a good investment in the longer term. I am not a fan of non-index mutual funds; in general the management charge makes them a less attractive investment.  The next step up is investing in individual stocks, which can provide very big gains or very big losses.  The Motley fool site (www.fool.com) has a lot of information about investing overall.
Put bluntly, if you do a couple extra lines of code, the company isn't going to notice a difference in revenue. If a salesman sells a few more RGU's, the company makes a bit more money.  They are more valuable than you are. It's just that simple.
"As long as it's optional and the drivers are paid as part of the fair I don't think a tip option is a big deal. Again, it has to be optional as a reward for extraordinary service not the ""tip"" in a  restaurant which is actually payment for services rendered because the cost of food doesn't cover labor for waitstaff. Any service oriented job should have the ability to accept a tip for exceptional service in the same form of currency as the primary form of payment. Ideally, no one would need to live off of tips."
"I am not aware of any place that the tax forms ask, ""How many people live in your house?"" They ask how many dependants you have, and not everyone who lives in your house is your dependant. There are very specific rules about that. If your girlfriend is being claimed as a dependent on her parents' tax return, then she cannot also be claimed on anyone else's return, and there's no need to investigate further. To claim someone as a dependent, they have to meet a number of conditions. I am not a lawyer. See IRS Publication 17. But the gist of it is that they must, (a) either be a relative (there's a list of what sorts of relatives qualify) or live with you all year; (b) Living with you must not violate local law; (c) Must make less than $4000 per year; and (d) You must provide over half of their support. Your girlfriend may meet the ""live with you all year"" or maybe not. But the real stumper is likely to be (d). Unless your parents are paying her tuition, they almost certainly don't meet this test."
"For ""smaller trades"", I'm not sure you can beat FXCM.com, a large, dedicated FX trading shop with extremely tight spreads, and a ""Micro"" account that you can open for as little as $25(US). Their ""main"" offering has a minimum account size of $2k (US), but recommends an account  size of $10k or more. But they also have a ""micro"" account, which can be opened for as little as $25, with a $500 or higher recommended size. I haven't used them personally, but they're well known in the discount FX space.   One strong positive indicator, in my opinion, is that they sell an online FX training course for $19.99.  Why is that positive?  It means that their margins on your activity are small, and they're not trying to get you ""hooked"".  If that were not the case, they'd give the course away, since they'd be able to afford to, and they would expect to make so much of your subsequent activity.   They do have some free online materials, too, but not the video stuff. Another plus is that they encourage you to use less leverage than they allow.  This does potentially serve their interests, by getting more of your deposits with them, but a lot of FX shops advertise the leverage to appeal to users' hope to make more faster, which isn't a great sign, in my opinion. Note that the micro account has no human support; you can only get support via email. On the other hand, the cost to test them out is close to nil; you can literally open an account for $25."
"It has semantic value (because we culturally believe gold is valuable).  There is a very important point here.  Gold and many other coin metals. This ""semantic value"" is enshrined in law through the special tax status of coin metals.  You can buy a kilo of gold and not pay sales tax.  You can't buy a kilo of iron or tin and do the same.  This is the important part because investors shouldn't care about semantics. I read that the taxable status varies by state or nation, so you need to be very careful.  It's possible to evade taxes without realizing it.  It also doesn't necessarily exempt you from the form of gold.  An ingot should be tax exempt.  A collector's coin may or may not be, depending on your local laws and the difference between the value of the weight of the gold, and the value of the form of the coin."
"I don't understand the worker mentality of accepting to be part of pension plans. The downside risk to you is ridiculously high -- you're basically making an investment that the next 30 years of corporate management and the company as a whole are going to be good. Pension plans are among the first to go.. employees that retired 20-30 years ago add no current value to the company, unless you consider that current employees are motivated by the idea of a pension or working for a company that ""takes care"" of its employees.  Also, part of the reason pension funds are blowing up is that the risk-free return rate is less than 1%. I don't know who to blame or thank for that, but with government bonds now trading at negative yields in real and sometimes even absolute terms (see: Swiss yields), what else are you supposed to do?"
"As other responders said, you can certainly roll over multiple 401(k) into a single account. An added benefit of such rollover (besides the ease of tracking) is that you can shop around for your Rollover IRA provider and find the one that gives you the specific mutual funds that you want to invest in, the lowest expenses, etc. - in short, find the best fit to your priorities.  There are also ""lemon"" 401(k) plans and if you are in one of them, get out!  And rollover is the way out. There is also one possibility to keep an eye on as it happens rarely, but it does happen - rolling a 401(k) over into another 401(k).  I've done it once when I started a job at a company that had a great 401(k) with a good selection of low-cost mutual funds.  I rolled the 401(k) from one previous job in to this 401(k) to take advantage of it.  At the same time I kept a Rollover IRA, combining the 401(k) from all other jobs; it had more investment options and provided some flexibility."
"You will make a profit in nominal dollars (or nominal units of whatever currency you used to buy the token).  Whether you'll make a profit in real dollars depends on inflation, and in practice whether it would be possible to sell your existing tokens to someone else for the new price. Suppose when the price was 50 U (50 ""units"", since you didn't specify a currency), you bought one token.  Today you can either spend 52 U for a token, and get a liter of milk, or you can spend your existing token (for which you paid 50 U) and get a liter of milk.  It looks like you are making a profit of 2 U by spending your token. However, whether that profit is real or illusory depends on what else you could do with the token.  For instance, suppose that, since the price of a token is now 52 U, you will have no trouble finding someone who wants to buy your token from you for 52 U.  If you sell your token for 52 U, you'll still only be able to buy 1 L of milk.  So if you measure your wealth in milk, you have made no profit: in the past you had a token representing 1 L of milk, and today you still have a token representing 1 L of milk. Suppose now that in the past, when a token cost 50 U, a hamburger also cost 50 U.  Suppose further that a hamburger now costs 52 U.  So you can sell your token for 52 U, but that 52 U will still only buy you one hamburger.  So, again, if you measure your wealth in hamburgers, your have made no profit.  In the past, you could have sold your token and bought a hamburger; today, you can still sell your token and buy a hamburger, and you'll have nothing left over, so you have gained nothing. If, on the other hand, the price of a hamburger today is still 50 U, then you call sell your token for 52 U, buy a hamburger for 50 U, and still have 2 U left over.  You have made a profit. What this all goes to show is that, in practice, the idea of ""profit"" depends on the overall economy, and whether you could exchange the currency units you have in your possession for a greater quantity of goods than you could in the past.  Whether this is possible depends on the relative changes in price of various goods.  In other words, if you get your money by selling Product A, and later you buy Product B, you may or may not make a profit depending on how the prices of the two products moved relative to one another. Also, in your hypothetical setup, the ""currency"" (the token) is directly linked to the value of a single good, so you can always at least get 1 L of milk for your token.  Most real currency is not bound to specific goods like your milk token, so it is possible for your currency to lose value in an absolute sense.  For instance, suppose you sell a book for $5.  The $5 is not a ""book token"" and you cannot rely on being able to exchange it for a book in the future; in the future, all books may cost $10, and the prices of all goods may rise similarly, so your currency will actually be worth less no matter how you try to use it.  This could happen with the milk token if the milkman announces that henceforth 1 L of milk will cost 2 tokens; your existing token suddenly loses half its value. In sum, it is easy to calculate whether you made a profit in currency units.  What is harder is to calculate whether you made a profit in ""real terms"" (often referred to as ""real dollars"" or ""inflation-adjusted dollars"", or the equivalent in your favorite currency).  The reason this is hard is because the idea of ""real dollars"" is fundamentally linked to the possibility of exchanging currency for goods (and services), and so it depends what goods you're buying.  Inflation statistics published by governments and the like use a ""basket"" of goods to approximate the overall price movements in the economy as a whole."
Raising money from real property is an ancient tradition which is prevalent throughout the world even today. Delaware, situated in the north- eastern region of USA is no exception to this. Delaware has a lot of good mortgage lenders and the one firm that tops the list is definitely highlands mortgage. They not only tell you what the best mortgage rates are today but also carry out a number of functions.
If the biggest flaw in the review is that one of the characters is probably made up and the book should therefore be considered fiction instead of nonfiction, then this is an incomplete review. The author points out many good items about the book and the only negative he states is the nonexistence of a character, and then he states that the book has flaws (implying multiple, not single).
They did.  This was a tech company.  Turnover's high especially for strong employees.  Management expects this so that doesn't really change their approach.  One of the layoffs was open ended.  They just announced there would be layoffs throughout the company.  Usually there was a single day when everyone was cut.  This one dragged on and on.  If your group wasn't hit yet, everyone was stressed wondering when it was coming.  If your group was already hit, the manager would say you still weren't safe cuz it could come around again (which did happen to some groups).  Managers either didn't know when the layoff was over or weren't allowed to tell.  After a few months we were sure it was over but then another nearby group would get hit.  It was horrible.  Productivity was way down.  Finally after about 3 months, they announced the layoffs were over.  (And then had another layoff later that year).  So, yeah, it sucked.
Inspectors, permits, poor planning, and a lack of incentives/consequences.   If inspectors are needed for so much bs, local government needs to hire more of them.   Permits need to be processed in a timely manner.   Engineers and committees need to make decisions quicker.   Liquidated damages for missing completion dates and early completion bonuses work!
This is the exact reason why I think we will have self driving cars really soon. I would love to just surf the internet on my way to work and not have to drive. Of course I only work 6 blocks away, but I know many people have a 30+ minute commute.
It's safe to say that for mature companies, with profits that have been steady, and steadily growing, that a multiple of earnings can come into play. It's not identical between companies or even industries, but for consumer staples, for instance, you'll see a clustering around a certain P/E.  On the other hand, there are companies like FaceBook, 18 months ago, trading at 20, now at 70 with a 110 P/E. Did the guys valuing the stock simply get it wrong then or is it wrong now?  Contrast this with KO (Coca-cola) a 20 P/E and 3.2% dividend, PG (Proctor and Gamble) 21 P/E, 3% dividend.  Funny though, a $1M valuation for $50K in profit may be Shark ridiculous, but a $1B valuation on a $50M company with great prospects, i.e. a pipeline of new products in growing markets, is a steal.  Disclosure I have no positions in the mentioned stocks.
P/E is the number of years it would take for the company to earn its share price.  You take share price divided by annual earnings per share.  You can take the current reported quarterly earnings per share times 4, you can take the sum of the past four actual quarters earnings per share or you can take some projected earnings per share. It has little to do with a company's actual finances apart from the earnings per share.  It doesn't say much about the health of a company's balance sheet, and is definitely not an indicator for bankruptcy.  It's mostly a measure of the market's assumptions of the company's ability to grow earnings or maintain it's current earnings growth.   A share price of $40 trading for a P/E ratio of 10 means it will take the company 10 years to earn $40 per share, it means there's current annual earnings per share of $4.  A different company may also be earning $4 per share but trade at 100 times earnings for a share price of $400.  By this measure alone neither company is more or less healthy than the other.  One just commands more faith in the future growth from the market. To circle back to your question regarding a negative P/E, a negative P/E ratio means the company is reporting negative earnings (running at a loss).  Again, this may or may not indicate an imminent bankruptcy.  Increasing balance sheet debt with decreasing revenue and or earnings and or balance sheet assets will be a better way to assess bankruptcy risk.
I tried Aldi the other day...hated it.  Very little brand selection (everything is Aldi-owned brands) and meat prices were about the same as Kroger's.  I bought the Aldi-owned brands of foods I normally get at Walmart/Kroger and was not happy with the tastes of many of them.  I much prefer the branded options at Walmart and Kroger for my grocery shopping.
Your point is that 20k is very common as bonus *at what level*? With ~6 or more years experience at Accenture it's also a common bonus, just not at entry-level.   The data on glassdoor.com for Accenture partners is all over the place, see: http://www.glassdoor.com/Salary/Accenture-Salaries-E4138.htm?sort.sortType=BP&amp;sort.ascending=false  No way in hell any partner is getting paid 60k or even 160k, for example. The top figure looks sort of accurate but there are so few data points, collected in no verifiable way, with such huge variance, that I can't consider it reliable.
Typically tax treaties will cover double taxation (taxes paid in one jurisdiction are deducted in the other jurisdiction so there is no double tax). You'll need an accountant and attorney with experience in international business setups to confirm and determine which jurisdiction gets first priority of tax payment.  In short, this is the wrong place to get a good answer. Talk to (and pay for) professionals to get you properly set up.
Contact AmEx. They are the only ones who might have a current list.
"From the Cato Institute:  &gt; Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution says that Congress shall have the power ""to establish Post Offices and post Roads."" Thus, the Constitution allows the government to get involved in postal services, but that doesn’t mean that the government has to be involved, let alone be granted a monopoly over mail.   Doesn't say they can't privatize it here, but that's the only thing I've found so far.  [This also says it CAN be done]( http://finance.yahoo.com/blogs/the-exchange/why-u-k-privatize-postal-u-t-195031232.html)."
Yeah, the Ford F-150 has been the top selling vehicle for over 30 years.   Fun fact, farmers who receive money from the government usually burn excess cash in December. A lot of them just replace their fleets each year.
Italy on its own cannot decide to turn to money printing, only the European Central Bank (ECB) can make this decision. I'm assuming that the ECB will not turn to printing money for this. Italy will have to get the 5 Billion euros from its own budget somewhere, but the amount is low enough that they should be able to do that without much problems.
"For a lot of small beef farmers (""hobby"" farms like ours) the price of fertilizer is already high enough that it's proving effective in maintaining or possibly reducing costs.  The most successful examples I've seen have equal or higher carrying capacity (cattle per acre) for less monetary cost by moving to ""older"" methods of grazing.  The tradeoff is that rotation takes more time to do than open field &amp; hay grazing.  There's also lower capital equipment costs; tractor, mower, and bailer are the major equipment for a small producer so being able to do without or use smaller ones is good.  And less maintenance on that equipment.  We're not experts by any means, and our farm isn't anywhere near its maximum carry capacity, but every large/full-time farmer I know that has done it has had good results."
I love when my professors would shit on greedy bankers during the housing market crash. One time, I made analogy of greedy banks to greedy education and the next bubble to pop which will crash the economy will be because of education costs and my professor flipped out! He told me college was a great investment and when I told him people said the same about homes he threw me out of class...never did get a refund either!
If you can pay it then there's no need to involve a credit counselor.  After all, their main role when you use them is to negotiate payments with creditors so you can pay off your debts.  In this case you have the funds to pay, so why make it any more complicated than it needs to be? To be honest, a 597 score is going to make it tough for you to find auto financing.  Whatever options you find, they'll charge pretty steep interest rates and have high payments because they'll keep you on as short a payment term as your finances will allow.  I would strongly suggest that you work on improving your score for awhile before trying to buy a car.  If you can, buy a car for cash.  You might not get much, but it will solve your transportation problem while you work on resolving your credit issues. Using a credit counselor won't have any impact on your credit score as far as the debts are concerned.  What will make a difference is not having them show as open collections, which is pretty bad.  You'll still take a hit for having gone to collections in the first place, but paying them off will mitigate at least some of the effect. I hope this helps. Good luck!
For example, the apartment complex could’ve relied on a water source heat pump system which can provide both warm and cool air at the same time. As the name implies, this system relies on water held between 60 to 90°F, which is then pumped throughout the complex and into individual compressor units in each room.
There is no answer to Global warming, unless you would like to quadruple energy prices, abolish air travel and international shipping. Obama's EPA estimates 700 trillion dollars to lower earth's temp one degree. Good thing global warming is a tax hoax. The only thing to fear about global warming is it's remedies, which will do nothing but increase energy prices, demolish economies and jobs and kill third world poor by restricting access to food and medicine.
This is a purely numerical statement that you should be able to check (and you CPA friend should be able to prove, if true).  The general advice, I think, is that you should not use your retirement funds this way, but general advice does not apply equally well to everyone.   You didn't give enough information for us to compute the answer, so you're on your own there.  If you do this (or have the CPA do it), make sure that it accounts for all pluses and minuses that you'll have.  On the minus side, you get any direct penalties in addition to potential loss of right to contribute for a period of time, so make sure you consider both aspects, especially to any degree that you would lose an employer contribution or match.  Also consider the fact that the money already in is tax advantaged, and you won't be able to replace that amount later.  So there will be a compounding effect to what was lost. (This may or may not be balanced by a mortgage interest deduction down the road - My guess is that it will not, but, again, the details of your situation may dictate a different path.  The mortgage interest deduction decreases each year as you pay more principal whereas the compounding from being tax deferred tends to increase each year.)
"I'd answer it this way:  What do you want to do? I'd say any amount is acceptable from as low as $100.  When you look at the specific ""tree"" of investing paying $5 for a $100 seems unacceptable.  However when observing the ""forest"" what does it matter if you ""waste"" $5 on a commission?  Your friends (and maybe you) probably waste more than $5 multiple times per day.  For them buying a latte might empower them, if buying another share of HD, for a similar cost, empowers you than do it.  In the end who will be better off? Studies show that the more important part of building a significant investment portfolio is actually doing it.  Rate of return and the cost of investing pales in comparison to actually doing it.  How many of your peers are doing similar things?  You are probably in very rare company. If it makes you happy, it is a wonderful way to spend your money."
"&gt; If an individual wants insurance  My argument is that this is the wrong way of looking at the issue.  It isn't a question of wanting insurance.  Instead, the question should be *""if an individual wishes to remain healthy...""* or ""*if an individual wants access to healthcare...""*  Who doesn't?    Ensuring good health is a national good, just as providing an education, police and fire services, and national defense are.  Full stop."
From WePay (GoFundMe's payment processor) support. I received only gifts and donations.  Will I receive a Form 1099-K?   As of 2015, the IRS has clarified that WePay is not required to send    a Form 1099-K with respect to payments that are made solely as gifts   or donations.  The purpose of Form 1099-K is to report payments for   the provision of goods or services, which may be subject to tax.   Gifts and donations typically are not reported as income by recipients,   so it is not necessary to send them a Form 1099-K.   https://support.wepay.com/hc/en-us/articles/203609483-Tax-Reporting
Yeah, but he got a lot of karma as well. If a lot of people go read an article and like it some will give an upvote. Someone told me that only about one out of ten page views give a vote, ie, if you got 5 upvotes and 5 downvotes then probably 100 people clicked on your link. So if he had a karma of 150k, he'd produced a million and half page views.   But I'm sorry The Atlantic got involved in this because I always liked them and used to subscribe. I'm disappointed they would get involved in cheating. If they did they need to be banned.
Up to RS50,000 is exempt from gift taxes.  In the US, if one provides more than half the expenses for a relative, they may be a dependent. I don't know the India rules.
Minor blip for Snap but their investors should take note that SNS services different than devices. Snap might find a niche device to supplement their media model but careful before betting to much on it. Snap probably lose a few million $ but will hopefully prevent a larger debacle later.
That's what I have been trying to do.  I do every practice test after each chapter and if I do great then on tot he next.  If not, back to reading it again. What I have been seeing a lot on the new CSC test's is less math and more memorization.  So IIROC mandate questions, derivatives, define a foreign bond etc.
This is why I have gone back to broadcast TV,  because cable TV costs a lot of money for something that is no better. It doesn't seem that long ago that there were no commercials on cable channels. Now there are MORE commercials on cable channels than on broadcast TV. Remember when the scifi channel was full of science fiction instead of...wrestling?  Remember when MTV was about music?  When Discovery was full of science programming, when A&amp;E was about arts and education and the History channel was about more than Nazis, UFOs and imaginary animals? Now it's all just crap and why pay for that?
This person could buy another car at any moment without any money problems, so I don't really see any point in insuring, especially with such a ridiculously high price compared to the extremely low risk. Convenience.  If you self-insure, then an accident means that you have to make arrangements to get the car towed, fixed, evaluated, etc.  If you buy insurance, your insurer would prefer to do all that.  They argue with the mechanic over prices, the lawyer over liability, etc.   And of course, rich people need more liability insurance than other people, not less.  So part of that $1400 is probably money that your friend would have to pay regardless.
I know exactly what you are talking about. You may like
A few thoughts off the top of my head: Advantages of more than 20% down:  Disadvantages of more than 20% down:
If glass steagall had minimal impact on bank behaviour, that means the great recession was unavoidable. What sort of legislation would it take to ensure shitfests like this *will* be avoidable in the future?  Outlaw predatory loans? Lynch all bankers and start over from scratch?
@sharam - big question.  I am going to answer part of it, but not as directly as you might like. You mention 4-6 cents per unit per month, but fail to give a unit price, so it is hard to tell how much return you are really looking for. Given the amount you have to invest, depending on your time horizon, you will do much better outside of mutual funds.  Many funds in this category have fees in the 2% range.  You actually have enough money to have a diversified portfolio on your own, without recourse to funds. If you want to use a fund-like product, I encourage you to look at well established ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds).  They are basically like mutual funds that trade on the open stock market.  One good example in this category is iShares XDV Good Luck
I would consider it a personal decision based on your individual situation. When I was younger and short on cash tipping sucked. On a 6 figure income with no kids, I can leave 25% regularly without an issue. But everyone's got a different situation.   I think 15% should be minimum but life isn't that black and white. Do what you think is fair and good.
Yes, he has done a few companies over the course of his career and done fairly well, at the time of his teaching the course he had two companies operating under him and would also consult (for free) for another few that started up as a result of the course.   He was pretty wealthy but he did say that he really wanted to some day buy himself a brand new aston martin so not wealthy enough to do that yet hahah. The other profs in the entrepreneurship stream of commerce at my school were all quite successful in their ventures. The program expects students to have launched a company by the time they graduate with ~1 million in revenue (not profit). But that's a soft target. I only took a couple of the courses as electives out of personal interest. It was pretty interesting and the main value i got from the courses was that it really shows you how to think about new ideas and how viable they may be. They really get your mind working a bit differently in those classes.   But yeah I totally agree with you, when there's profs teaching something they have zero practical experience in, especially a subject that really demands it like entrepreneurship, it's wack. My program overall was quite good for that though. I was in the accounting stream and I think almost all of my accounting profs didnt even have masters, but they did have accounting designations and a lot of experience in private firms and public administration a lot of the time so they knew their shit really well.
I mentioned in other posts that it's not unreasonable that prices might rise slightly. Demand would go up and some labor costs would as well. To your point, I can say that prices would not go up 1:1, that's an absurd hypothesis that doesn't stand up to even a sniff test.
First let's define some terms. Your accrued benefit is a monthly benefit payable at your normal retirement age (usually 65). It is usually a life-only benefit but may have a number of years guaranteed or may have a survivor piece. It is defined by a plan formula (ie, it is a defined benefit). A lump sum is how much that accrued benefit is worth right now. Lump sums are based on applicable interest rates and mortality tables specified by the IRS (interest rates are released monthly, mortality annually). Your plan can either use the same interest rates for a whole year, or they can use new ones each month. Affecting your lump sum is whether your accrued benefit is payable now (immediately, you are age 65), or later (deferred, you are now age 30). For example, instead of being paid an annuity assume you are paid just one payment of $1,000 on your 65th birthday. The lump sum of that for a 65 year old would be $1,000 since there would be no interest discount, and no chance of dying before payment. For a 30 year old, at 4% interest the lump sum would be about $237 (including mortality discount). At age 36 the lump sum is $246. So the lump sum will get bigger just because you get older. Very important is the interest discount. At age 30 in the example, 2% interest would produce a $467 lump sum. And at 6% $122. The bigger the rate, the smaller the lump sum because interest helps an amount now grow bigger in the future. To complicate things, since 2008 the IRS bases lump sums on 3 different interest rates. The monthy annuity payments made within 5 years of the lump sum date use the 1st rate, past 5 and within 20 years use the 2nd rate, and past that use the 3rd rate. Since you are age 30, all of your monthly annuity payments would be made after 20 years, so that makes it simple since we'll only have to look at the 3rd rate. When you reach age 45 the 2nd rate will kick in. Here is the table of interest rates published by the IRS: http://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/Minimum-Present-Value-Segment-Rates You'll find your rates above on the 2013 line for Aug-12. That means your lump sum is being made in 2013 and it is being based on the month August 2012. Most likely your plan will use the same rates for its entire plan year. But what is your plan year? If it is the calendar year, then you would have a 5 month lookback for the rates. But if is a September to August plan year with a 1 month lookback, the rates would have changed between August and September. Your August lump sum would be based on 4.52%, your September on would be based on 5.58% (see the All line for Aug-13). For comparison, a 30 year old with a $100 annuity payable at age 65 would have a lump sum value of $3,011 at 4.52%, but a lump sum value of $1,931 at 5.58%. The change in your accrued benefit by month will obviously have some impact on the lump sum value, but not as much as the change in interest rates if there is one. The amount they actually contribute to the plan has nothing to do with the value of the lump sum though.
"I keep spreadsheets that verify each $ distribution versus the rate times number of shares owned. For mutual funds, I would use Yahoo's historical data, but sometimes shows up late (a few days, a week?) and it isn't always quite accurate enough. A while back I discovered that MSN had excellent data when using their market price chart with dividends ""turned on,"" HOWEVER very recently they have revamped their site and the trusty URLs I have previously used no longer work AND after considerable browsing, I can no longer find this level of detail anywhere on their site !=( Happily, the note above led me to the Google business site, and it looks like I am ""back in business""... THANKS!"
Well, I'm sorry that you're so thin-skinned. Here's a simple logical relation that I think absolutely holds true: hard work is neither necessary nor sufficient for success. It's certainly to be valued, but not as a form of cult worship.  There are so many people who are smarter, more tenacious and work harder than anyone you've ever known -- and they were cut down by malaria, murder, or a god damned piano falling on their heads. Them are the breaks. For every billionaire/famous person out there, there're at least 100 also-rans with analogous talent and prospects (at one point).  Chance rules us all, and it takes NOTHING away from the hard-working to admit that.
"Some pros and cons to renting vs buying: Some advantages of buying: When you rent, the money you pay is gone. When you buy, assuming you don't have the cash to buy outright but get a mortgage, some of the payment goes to interest, but you are building equity. Ultimately you pay off the mortgage and you can then live rent-free. When you buy, you can alter your home to your liking. You can paint in the colors you like, put in the carpet or flooring you like, heck, tear down walls and alter the floor plan (subject to building codes and safety consideration, of course). If you rent, you are usually sharply limited in what alterations you can make. In the U.S., mortgage interest is tax deductible. Rent is not. Property taxes are deductible from your federal income tax. So if you have, say, $1000 mortgage vs $1000 rent, the mortgage is actually cheaper. Advantages of renting: There are a lot of transaction costs involved in buying a house. You have to pay a realtor's commission, various legal fees, usually ""loan origination fees"" to the bank, etc. Plus the way mortgages are designed, your total payment is the same throughout the life of the loan. But for the first payment you owe interest on the total balance of the loan, while the last payment you only owe interest on a small amount. So early payments are mostly interest. This leads to the conventional advice that you should not buy unless you plan to live in the house for some reasonably long period of time, exact amount varying with whose giving the advice, but I think 3 to 5 years is common. One mitigating factor: Bear in mind that if you buy a house, and then after 2 years sell it, and you discover that the sale price minus purchase price minus closing costs ends up a net minus, say, $20,000, it's not entirely fair to say ""zounds! I lost $20,000 by buying"". If you had not bought this house, presumably you would have been renting. So the fair comparison is, mortgage payments plus losses on the resale compared to likely rental payments for the same period."
While that's more true, I find as a person you're going to be much more happy and successful if you find a way to work without allowing another to be the block over you. I do not expect it of myself and do not expect it of others. You can function as your own block outside the pyramid.
"I'm not an expert by any means, but pretty much every source I've seen says that one year is far too short for any sort of real ""investment"".  Most guides suggest that anything less than 3-5 years should stay in no-risk accounts like savings or CDs.  If you need to be sure you get all of the money back after just one year, any sort of market-based investment (e.g., stocks or bonds) is too risky. One option is to buy I-bonds.  You can buy up to $10,000 worth in a calendar year, and 12 months is the minimum holding period.  The advantage of I bonds is that the interest rate is indexed to inflation, so that (roughly speaking) they cannot lose value in real dollars.  Right now they pay 1.94% per year, which is substantially better than you're likely to get with a savings account or 12-month CD.  This would come to $194 if you buy $10k of I Bonds. If you sell before holding them for five years (which you will under your plan) you forfeit the last 3 months' worth of interest.  Even so, your effective rate will likely be better than a savings account or CD.  (Also you could get 12 months' worth of interest if you're able to buy them slightly early and/or postpone your sabbatical slightly so that you hold them for 15 months.) Your other option is to find the best rate you can in a CD or savings account.  Nerdwallet for instance suggests you could get between 1% and 1.1% for a $10k deposit in a 1-year CD, which would be about $100. As you can see, either way your money is not going to grow that much.  You'll be gaining somewhere in the ballpark of a couple hundred dollars at most.  There just isn't a way to earn more than that in one year without some risk of losing principal. (I'm assuming based on your Texas flag pic that you live in the USA. :-)  To buy I Bonds you must be a US citizen, resident, or government employee.)"
"Most of the consumer products that you buy at retail these days are commodity priced, and have been for a long time. Margins are thin, so if there are retail salespeople milling about, their compensation isn't coming from the TV or computer with a 6% gross margin. It comes from the extended warranty programs (which are not insurance and do not have regulated underwriting standards), which are typically sold at a 65-95% gross margin. So that $200 warranty most likely costs the retailer $50. The salesman gets $15-25. I paid for my college education working at a CompUSA selling these things, along with other high margin items that paid commission. In most cases, you aren't getting much coverage anyway. Most products carry a 1 year warranty, and using most ""gold"" or ""platinum"" credit cards doubles a manufacturer's warranty by up to 1 year. So with most transactions, you are already walking away with a 2 year warranty.  Warranties or service plans make sense for durable goods that cost alot and are expected to last a long time and/or require regular maintenance. I think they especially make sense if your budget is really tight -- a fixed maintenance cost can be an asset to some people because they can plan around it. Examples of this include: service plans for a furnace, boiler or water heater or a car if you're buying a manufacturer-endorsed service/maintenance plan from a dealer."
How do I withdraw a large sum from my bank and give it to a money management firm? Either write a check to the Money Management firm or wire transfer the funds to the account mentioned.
I can't think of anyone who seriously uses LinkedIn as a definitive source to find personnel.  Maybe some bottom feeding firms in India, but that's about it.  Judging by the downvotes LinkedIn is used by the Bangladesh Buttholes.
"The fact is that the annual debt expenses to annual revenue is the key figure at any point in time (as well as a model of how these change dynamically).  Since optimal annual tax revenue is roughly proportional to GDP and since annual debt expenses are proportional (a function of yield and changes over time) to debt level ... the debt/GDP ratio has been used for a long time as a reasonable yardstick.  &gt;  Also, keep in mind that by borrowing in it's sovereign currency, the US has an enormous amount of monetary tools to handle the debt if it ever became a problem.  Most of those tricks come with increased yields (the ""currency risk"" portion of the yield on sovereign debt) ... and, so, don't actually help in the case of a death spiral.  Ask Brazil or dozens of other countries.  That thinking is also part of why LTCM failed (LTCM assumed Russia would print money to pay off debt instead of defaulting).  [Also note that the only reason Greece short-sightedly increased their debt was because, for once, the ""currency risk"" component was small.  Thus, while their debt expense / income level was reasonable with low yields ... as their debt/GDP increased, their yields increased to reflect the greater sovereign default risk.  It's why debt/GDP would have been a *better* measure for Greece that a flow based measure.]  IMO, the only reason the US isn't already in deep shit ... is because the US dollar is the de facto reserve currency.  This is probably keeping the US yields 50bp-100bp lower than they would otherwise be (... in which case our debt payments would be closer to 20% of government revenue)."
Yes When exercising a stock option you will be buying the stock at the strike price so you will be putting up your money, if you lose that money you can declare it as a loss like any other transaction. So if the stock is worth $1 and you have 10 options with a strike at $0.50 you will spend $500 when you exercise your options. If you hold those shares and the company is then worth $0 you lost $500. I have not verified my answer so this is solely from my understanding of accounting and finance. Please verify with your accountant to be sure.
Of fucking course you do. It's a model. Your trying to develop an equation that represents the distribution of data for a stochastic process.   I have a random source, assuming data samples are stationary how can I develop a model of the distribution of those samples?   One way is to take N samples from that process and fit it to a particular distribution, e.g. Poisson, Gaussian, etc.   Now I have a mechanism to predict further samples from my random process.   Next step, look at the next M samples. Do the N+M samples faithfully fit my model?  No, well then I have a problem with my model. It's not Gaussian, or poisson, or whatever.   This is undergrad stuff...   And the model was clearly wrong. He was off by many percentage points in key swing states.   The cognitive dissonance is trying to bend the world to fit your failed model. What they tried to do was cook the data with a purposely flawed model which used likely voter models from the first Obama election even in the face of continually mounting evidence that the methodology was flawed.
They are one of the bigger companies pushing for more 10G gear as well as lower power consumption; they have the size, cash, and the need for better, faster and cheaper software and hardware. But don't take my word for it: http://www.anandtech.com/show/4958/facebooks-open-compute-server-tested (one of many such articles). As much as I hate facebook, the reality is that there is quite a bit of drive on the technical side.
"There is no equation. Only data that would help you come to the decision that's right for you.  Assuming the 401(k) is invested in a stock fund of one sort or another, the choice is nearly the same as if you had $5K cash to either invest or pay debt.  Since stock returns are not fixed, but are a random distribution that somewhat resembles a bell curve, median about 10%, standard deviation about 14%. It's the age old question of ""getting a guaranteed X% (paying the debt) or a shot at 8-10% or so in the market."" This come up frequently in the decision to pre-pay mortgages at 4-5% versus invest. Many people will take the guaranteed 4% return vs the risk that comes with the market. For your decision, the 401(k) loan, note that the loan is due if you separate from the company for whatever reason. This adds an additional layer of risk and another data point to the mix. For your exact numbers, the savings is barely $50. I'd probably not do it. If the cards were 18%, I'd lean toward the loan, but only if I knew I could raise the cash to pay it back to not default."
"But WhatsApp started up after FB and Google owned chat. They just saw an untapped market in crappy hand held devices and went after it. I suspect their plan all along was for acquisition and they executed that marvelously. They were not ""worth"" $19B, but FB was willing to pay that much to prevent Google from grabbing half a billion sets of eyeballs.  So... no monopoly."
Yes, you could avoid capital gains tax altogether, however, capital gains are used in determining your tax bracket even though they are not taxed at that rate.  This would only work in situations where your total capital gains and ordinary income kept you in the 0% longterm capital gains bracket. You can't realize a million dollars in capital gains and have no tax burden due to lack of ordinary income. You can potentially save some money by realizing capital gains strategically. Giving up income in an attempt to save on taxes rarely makes sense.
This is a Short Diagonal Calender Put Spread Generally, you're writing that long dated one at the money, and buying the short dated one out of the money.  The maximum amount that can be made is if the stock breaks out strongly to the upside, and you keep the upfront credit minus whatever small amount it took to buy the April puts back.  You can also make money if it breaks strongly to the downside, but only if the credit when you opened your positions was more than $10. Example:  Now say the stock falls to $500 by the time of that march expiration. You'd make $90/share on the march put, and lose $100/share on the April put (or a little more; but that deep in the money, there won't be much premium on it). That's a loss of $10/share, or -$1000. So: I make a point of pointing this out because in that article I linked to the fact that your upfront credit needs to be greater than the strike spread in order to profit to the downside is not clearly mentioned.
Nominal. What you say is true, but I'm guessing it would be too complicated to modelate. Plus, a shareholder of a very large company would not necessarily experience said loss if he/she sells the stock in small chunks at a time.
If they really believed in their product, the juice, they should have just reorganized their structure to idk repackage it slightly. So then we can buy the squeezables in gas stations or something. Sounds pretty ready if people found out you could just squeeze em out. That's how you cut manufacture prices down and still reliever the MAIN product, the juice.  You can build the best machine in the world but if the product your selling doesn't need the machine, well you've just made a mechanical baby. Beautiful, expensive, and sure as hell don't make you money.
The issue here is not that Sears is taking money from the pension.  The pension is underfunded and Sear is asking to not make additional payments towards the underfunding.  Pensioners are still getting screwed.  At least in the US, there are lots of controls on what companies can do with pension money.  Way beyond just having separation of assets.
Retail brokers and are generally not members of exchanges and would generally not be members of exchanges unless they are directly routing orders to those exchanges. Most retail brokers charging $7 are considered discount brokers and such brokers route order to Market Makers (who are members of the exchanges). All brokers and market makers must be members of FINRA and must pay FINRA registration and licensing fees.  Discount brokers also have operational costs which include the cost of their facilities, technology, clearing fees, regulation and human capital. Market makers will have the same costs but the cost of technology is probably much higher. Discount brokers will also have market data fees which they will have to pay to the exchanges for the right to show customer real time quotes.  Some of their fees can be offset through payment for order flow (POF) where market makers pay routing brokers a small fee for sending orders to them for execution. The practice of POF has actually allowed retail brokers to keep their costs lower but to to shrinking margins and spread market makers POF has significantly declined over the years.  Markets makers generally do not pass along Exchange access fees which are capped at $.003 (not .0035) to routing brokers.  Also note that The SEC and FINRA charges transactions fees. SEC fee for sales are generally passed along to customers and noted on trade confirms. FINRA TAF is born by the market makers and often subtracted from POF paid to routing firms. Other (full service brokers) charging higher commissions are charging for the added value of their brokers providing advice and expertise in helping investors with investment strategies. They will generally also have the same fees associated with membership of all the exchanges as they are also market makers subject to some of the list of cost mentioned above.  One point of note is that Market Making technology is quite sophisticates and very expensive.  It has driven most of wholesale market makers of the 90s into consolidation.    Retail routing firm's save a significant amount of money for not having to operate such a system (as well as worry about the regulatory headaches associated with running such a system).  This allows them to provide much lower commissions that the (full service) or bulge bracket brokers.
Nowhere does that say PV uses rare earths.  It says some thin film cells use tellurium, but that's not a rare earth element.  The only substantial use of an uncommon element in silicon PV cells (which comprise 90+% of the market) is silver for front contacts,  and that's being replaced for cost reasons.   And silver is also not a rare earth element.
Wealth is something that we as a whole need, yet the question is how? Making wealth is not something that is troublesome but rather it is something that you need to think emphatically, as it is said negative considerations can give you negative outcomes. So right off the bat, you should simply begin thinking emphatically and for this, your psyche needs to imagine that way. Wealth is something that can guarantee a superior future. Having a huge amount of wealth is not something you will get in a matter of seconds. This can be a convenient procedure and a great deal of hazard is included in accomplishing it.  We, at Wealth Generators, help you in getting your dream of being rich completed in a very professional way. We through proper guidance given by the financial experts, enable you to generate handsome wealth in a very short span of time. Our financial experts will guide you throughout the wealth generation procedures in accordance with the latest market trends and the ups and downs. Our step by step guide will help you in making decisive decisions in a very effective way. We provide financial education through our newsletters either on the weekly, monthly and yearly basis to let the readers understand the insights of the capital market and its derivatives.  We use the latest financial technologies and tools to bring the best to the forefront of the readers. Our wealth generator newsletters are the essential guide in this competitive market scenario to help the smart investors or people willing to earn huge profits in real time.
Funny most of those states almost half voted blue. Take the bottom quarter of Florida and go to the Middle red states. More democrats than the entire population combined. Empty land my friend no one gives a shit about empty land.
There are quite a few reasons that a company may choose to pay dividends rather than hold cash [increasing the share value].   Of couse there are equally other set of reasons why a company may not want to give dividends and hold on to cash. Related question here Please explain the relationship between dividend amount, stock price, and option value?
"**Gregory R. Page**  Gregory ""Greg"" R. Page (born 1952) is an American businessman. He serves as executive chairman of Cargill, Inc. of Minnetonka, Minnesota.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.27"
"&gt;the attorneys behind the case plan to ask for ""an award of up to $16,500,000 in attorneys' fees and expenses.  Fucking lawyers.  They get crazy fees and we get worthless coupons.  Lawyers are the only thing *worse* than Ticketmaster.  Oh, and guess where that $16.5M will be coming from?  *Future* ticket prices.  i.e. WE FUCKING LOST, THE LAWYERS FUCKING WON, AND TICKETMASTER CAME OUT EVEN..."
It would only make sense to repay the HBP faster if you knew your marginal tax rate would be increasing in the future.  It sounds like that is not the case.  By repaying it sooner with borrowed money, you are paying extra interest and potentially increasing your marginal tax rate.  Probably not a good plan unless you know your taxable income will increase for other reasons in the next couple years.
"Sovereign immunity is the state's ultimate ""get out of bankruptcy free"" card.  After all, the state has a hand in defining what bankruptcy even is in their state.  Federal law is a framework, states customize it from there.   The state's simplest tactic is to simply not pay you.  And leave you scrambling to the courthouse for redress. Is that an automatic win?  Not really, the State can plead sovereign immunity, e.g. Hans v. Louisiana, Alden v. Maine.     You could try to pierce that sovereign immunity, essentially you'd be in Federal court trying to force the state into bankruptcy.  This would pit State authority against Federal authority.  The Feds are just as likely to come in on the state's side, and you lose.  Best scenario, it's a knock-down drag-out all the way to the Supreme Court.  You would have to be one heck of a creditor for the legal fees to be worth your trouble.  States don't make a habit of this because if they did, no one would lend money to them, and this would be rather bad for the economy all around.  So business and government work really hard to avert it.  But it always stands as their ""nuclear option"".  And you gotta know that when loaning money to States."
Companies are required BY THE IRS to try to get everybody to contribute minimal amounts to the 401K's.  In the past, there were abuses and only the execs could contribute and the low paid workers were starving while the execs contributed huge amounts.   On a year-by-year basis, if the low-paid employees don't contribute, the IRS punishes the high paid employees.  Therefore, most employers provide a matching program to incentivize low-paid employees to contribute. This 9% limitation could happen in any year and it could have happened even before you got your pay raise, what matters is what the low-paid employees were doing at your company LAST YEAR.
&gt; Nothing quite like having interviews with regional buyers and store managers as a primary source on a paper or project. &gt; Quite frankly, I think Mackey was pretty much just lucky. Most of the people I interacted with while I worked there had zero sense when it came to any sort of long term strategic positioning within the industry   Is it normal for Buyers and Store managers to have long-term strategic plan thinking?  Those people should be executing the current plan.
Yes, this extra income would be taxed at your marginal rate because it is increasing your total income. This does not necessarily apply to all income, however. Capital gains are taxed at a different rate. Depending on the amount of extra work, you may wish to consider setting up a corporation. Corporations are taxed entirely differently. This would also give you the opportunity to write off far more of your expenses, but be aware of double taxation. Investopedia has a good article on double taxation. The issue is that the corporation must pay taxes on the revenue and then, when you take out the money either as salary or dividends, you personally will pay tax. It may leave you better off, even with the double taxation. Dividends are taxed at a lower rate than your marginal tax rate, generally. And you can write off much more inside a corporation. If considering this, talk to an accountant and discuss your expected revenue from consulting. The accountant should be able to quantify the costs and benefits.
"Yeah, so where are the scholarly articles? I don't see any being referenced in the article. Seems to me like it's just his opinion. Explains why it's an op-ed rather than a research article or something of substance.   It sure is easy to say ""don't have a kid before 21,"" but have you considered that a lot of kids don't have access to birth control? Or even sex ed? I've met teens who don't even understand how sex works but they sure are having it. What about marriage? For some kids, it's easier to get married because it gives them access to housing, health care if the spouse has a plan, but even then, the divorce rate is so incredibly high that a lot of them face homelessness and situational poverty when they separate. Have you ever seen someone working 2-3 jobs but they're still poor? I've certainly seen it. I've seen kids choose work over high school because it means they can support their families. A lot of families in poverty depend on every single member of the family to bring in a source of revenue, and even then they can't seem to get by. You said it yourself, you can't support a family on minimum wage. But kids in generational poverty have learned to. Their mothers taught them. ""Getting out"" of poverty just isn't real for most of these kids. That's why the [cycle of poverty](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_of_poverty) usually spans across three generations in a family. What happens in a child's home life will affect them for the rest of their lives. When they learn how to live in poverty as children, the behaviors they learn are much more likely to carry through to adulthood.  It doesn't matter what your political stance is, it's going to take some intervention from the government to create programs for these kids in generational poverty. This issue is much too complicated and pervasive to treat it otherwise"
It could be that the contracts were bought at cheaper prices such as $.01 earlier in the day. What you see there with the bid and ask is the CURRENT bid and CURRENT ask. The high ask price means there is no current liquidity, as someone is quoting a very high ask price just in case someone really wants to trade that price. But as you said, no one would buy this with a better price on a closer strike price. The volume likely occurred at a different price than listed on the current ask.
Many a time even if the tax is deducted and paid by the company it does not reflect as a credit against your PAN for various reasons like, you not submitting it to your employer in time, errors of reconciliation, etc. Its advisable that you inform your company finance officer that you have received such a letter. Q1. The sure shot way of knowing that your company is depositing tax with government is to view your tax credit report. This was set-up in 2004 and gives the details of all credits against your PAN and the tax deducted against your PAN. It shows if the tax was TDS and which employer paid it, or if this was a self assessment, or TCS, etc.  To view this report there are 2 options:  Register directly at http://www.tin-nsdl.com/panregistration.asp.  Follow the one time registration process and keep viewing the tax credits. Note it normally takes 2-3 months to reflect the data.  The other alternative is that quite a few leading banks [Citi, SBI, etc] provide a direct access to this report from their internet banking frontend, provided your PAN is associated to your account. Q2. The only details you need to submit are the Form 16. This would have all the details of when the tax was paid and the BSR number required for reconciling. Q3. TDS is the liability of the employer. However if this has not been deducted or too little was deducted based on incorrect/incomplete information give by you, then its your liability. For example if you change jobs in a year, the tax deducted is always less and you have to pay the difference. Q4. If its established that the company was at fault for not deducting the tax or deducting and not paying it to government on time, there are enough provisions to penalize the company including putting the top management team behind bars.
Yes, it is a scam. There is no doubt about it. Never give your bank password to anyone, especially strangers. You will lose your money if you fall for this.
&gt;Sprint's network can support at least 2x their current subscriber base before exhibiting any kind of slowdown.  Good thing, because if if their current data speeds were any slower it'd be faster to write it out and put in the the mailbox.
When fundamentals such as P/E make a stock look overpriced, analysts often point to other metrics. The PEG ratio, for example, can be applied to cast growth companies in a better light.  Fundamental analysis is highly subjective. For further discussion on the pitfalls of fundamentals, I suggest A Random Walk Down Wall Street by Burton Malkiel.
Apologies, I agree with Iamchrisbrown209, girlfriend-beating fuckmunch that he may be. Walmart does not tolerate strikes because the majority of Walmart's employees simply don't have enough experience to strike- were I a dock loader, if half my stevedores striked tomorrow I'd simply fire them and hire a bunch of other guys who could lift heavy things in exchange for x amount of money tomorrow. Because in the global (and most local) labour markets at this time and in this global economy, I could. I simply could do that.     It's sad, and, I agree, wrong. The reason that the minimum wage exists is because of protectorate and nationalist business practices, nothing more. It may be a *good* thing, and a *right* thing, and I agree that it is, but it isn't because of compassion. It's because at the time that the concept of minimum wage was negotiated and discussed, there wasn't really such a thing as outsourcing. Companies could not outsource their labour to other markets, because for a large time there was no other market to outsource to. The concept of shipping jobs to China, or India, or Brazil, or, in fact, anywhere else, simply didn't exist.   The ultimate message is that people don't *deserve* anything; they get what they fight for in reasonable circumstances and what they successfully lobby their government on. Namely, that tends to be popular, fiscally sensible (although not so much in the United States, in some cases) and viable political policies. Nothing more. It's very sad. It's not right. But it is reality, unfortunately.
The most important thing, IMO is to love the business itself. Love what you are doing. Some people in a family business have aptitudes/attitudes better suited for somewhere else, they are just there because they want to help the family. That is a noble mindset but it may translate into sub-par work because you are not doing what you love. So love it, or at least like it a lot.
The Hong Kong Dollar is based on the US dollar.  The Hong Kong central bank recognizes the US dollar as its reserve currency.  That is, the Hong Kong central bank keeps US dollars as its main reserve.  Not long ago the reserve currency of choice would have been gold.  Central banks of each country would need to have enough gold to back up any currency they issued.  Now central banks use the US dollar instead.  This is what is meant when people mention the US dollar being the reserve currency for most countries. From wiki regarding the HK dollar: A bank can issue a Hong Kong dollar only if it has the equivalent   exchange in US dollars on deposit. So you're assumption is correct: as the US Federal Reserve prints more money and that money finds its way to Hong Kong banks, the Hong Kong banks will be able to issue more Hong Kong dollars which will have an inflationary affect. What to do?  If you look around enough on this site you'll find some suggestions.  Here is one.
Clinical infertility can additionally confound the procedure and make additional worry as you attempt to consider, so it's essential to know how to enhance the pregnancy calculator and odds of pregnancy by keeping up perfect conditions for origination. Beneath you will get a more critical take a gander at a portion of the components that can support ripeness in both sound couples and those battling with infertility.
Robinhood does offer premium products that they charge for-I suspect we will see more of that in the future. They do not change the bid/ask spread as some have said because they have to give you the NBBO.
I wouldn't say that this is specific to student loans. I think nowadays debt is just becoming a bigger and bigger thing. Partially due to the increasing wage gap, as the standard of life moves up way faster than wages move up, debt becomes necessary. Also debt is a very appealing thanks to the interest rates people will pay, so more banks want to give them out, and more people want to take them to be able to go to good schools, own a nice house, etc. We've gone from a generation that expected to be able to earn and save up for everything within a reasonable time to one that normalizes debt as something that everybody just gets into to have a normal standard of life.
Essentially, what you're describing is a leveraged investment.  As others noted, the question is how confident you can be that (a) the returns on the investment will exceed what you're paying in interest, and (b) that if you lose the bet you'll still be able to pay off the loan without severely injuring yourself.  I did essentially this when I bought my house, taking out a larger loan than necessary and leaving more money in my investments, which had been returning more than the mortgage's interest rate. I then got indecently lucky during the recession and was able to refinance down to under 4%, which I am very certain my investment will beat. I actually considered lengthening the term of the loan for that reason, or borrowing a bit more, but decided not to double down on the bet; that was my own risk-comfort threshold. Know exactly what your risks are, including secondary effects of these risks. Run the numbers to see what the likely return is. Decide whether you like the odds enough to go for it.
I've been short the Euro for several months now against the USD (could be various others as well). I got in at 1.42, sold on a bounce up to 1.36, bought back at 1.38 and now will probably ride it out lower.   Regardless of whether or not the Eurozone breaks up, I see it breaking through the 1.30 mark in the near-term. After that, I'm not sure how low it goes, but there is certainly potential for it to head towards 1/1. In order to reduce the burden, the ECB needs to devalue the currency.   Although Germany really doesn't want this due to their anti-inflationary ideology, if Italy comes crashing down, so does France. When France goes, Germany goes into a deep recession if not a depression. They have to devalue some.  As for a collapse, I have no idea. It probably depends on how many (if any) countries retain the currency and who they are.
Your analysis is not comparing apples to apples which is why it looks like investing money in a non-qualified account is better than a 401k (traditional or Roth).  For the non-qual you are using post tax dollars (money that has already been taxed). Now on top of that original tax you are also going to pay capital gains tax for any growth plus dividend rates for any dividends it throws off.  For the 401k, let's assume for the moment that $10,000 is invested in a traditional and that the marginal tax rate is always 20%. And for growth let's assume 10x. With a traditional your money will grow to $100,000 and then the IRS gets $20,000 as you pull the money out. The result is a net 80,000 for you.  For a Roth 401k, it is taxed first so only $8,000 gets invested. This then grows by the same multiplier to $80,000. (Until you consider changing tax rates the Roth and traditional give the same growth of money). Considering the non-qual option, like with the Roth we only have $8,000 to invest. However in this case you will not realize the full 10x growth as you will have to pay taxes on $72,000. These are taxes that the 401ks (and also IRAs) do not pay. There are other reasons to consider non-qual over maxing out your 401k. Liquidity, quality of investments, and fees being some of those. But the capital gains rate vs. ordinary income rate is not one, as the money in the non-qual still has to go through that ordinary income tax first before it is available to even invest.
I dont think the author really understands why or how credit bureaus work, why they exist, and therefore where the blame exists for incorrect data. No credit bureau wants incorrect data, for obvious reasons, but it happens. That's one reason why they let you get access to your credit score, to check it the data is correct and make the 'product' (data about you) better. The source of the data is always to blame for something being incorrect though.  That's banks, utilities companies, etc.  A credit bureau can't check any more than they do already. But they can improve how they deal with mistakes or badly matched data. Not sure about how that works in the US, but here in EU there are strict rules about how mistakes are corrected, and how long it takes.  As for storing it in block chain.. That wouldn't really solve OPs problem with credit bureaus. Someone still needs to collect and match data, and that's arguably harder than securing the data in the first place.
Basically you have 4 options: Use your cash to pay off the student loans. Put your cash in an interest-bearing savings account. Invest your cash, for example in the stock market. Spend your cash on fun stuff you want right now. The more you can avoid #4 the better it will be for you in the long term. But you're apparently wise enough that that wasn't included as an option in your question. To decide between 1, 2, and 3, the key questions are:  What interest are you paying on the loan versus what return could you get on savings or investment?  How much risk are you willing to take? How much cash do you need to keep on hand for unexpected expenses? What are the tax implications? Basically, if you are paying 2% interest on a loan, and you can get 3% interest on a savings account, then it makes sense to put the cash in a savings account rather than pay off the loan. You'll make more on the interest from the savings account than you'll pay on interest on the loan. If the best return you can get on a savings account is less than 2%, then you are better off to pay off the loan. However, you probably want to keep some cash reserve in case your car breaks down or you have a sudden large medical bill, etc. How much cash you keep depends on your lifestyle and how much risk you are comfortable with. I don't know what country you live in. At least here in the U.S., a savings account is extremely safe: even the bank goes bankrupt your money should be insured. You can probably get a much better return on your money by investing in the stock market, but then your returns are not guaranteed. You may even lose money. Personally I don't have a savings account. I put all my savings into fairly safe stocks, because savings accounts around here tend to pay about 1%, which is hardly worth even bothering. You also should consider tax implications. If you're a new grad maybe your income is low enough that your tax rates are low and this is a minor factor. But if you are in, say, a 25% marginal tax bracket, then the effective interest rate on the student loan would be more like 1.5%. That is, if you pay $20 in interest, the government will then take 25% of that off your taxes, so it's the equivalent of paying $15 in interest. Similarly a place to put your money that gives non-taxable interest -- like municipal bonds -- gives a better real rate of return than something with the same nominal rate but where the interest is taxable.
Credit card fraud protection (by law), credit card cash back programs (provided by most CC issuers), and debit card fees (commonly imposed by the merchant). The crux is that with CC transactions, a small percentage is remitted to the issuing bank.  Since the banks are already making money hand over fist on CC's, they incentivize people to use them. CC security is also lax because the merchant is responsible for fraudulent charges instead of the bank.  If the merchant fails to check a signature, they are held liable for all charges if the card holder reports a fraudulent transaction.
I have credit card debt of about $5000  That's the answer right there. You told us the 401(b) has no match. The next highest priority would be credit card debt that's costing you interest. You didn't mention the rate on the card, I'm assuming it's 8% or more.  As far as your balance sheet (the 'bottom line') is concerned, pay off a 10% debt is the same as earning 10% on your money. If anyone promises you a higher return with a different investment, I'd run the other way. We hope the market, i.e. the US stock market, as measured by a broad index, say the S&P 500, will return 8-10%/yr over the long term, but this isn't guaranteed. Paying off that credit card will save you the interest every year, and free up the payments to invest elsewhere.  In response to Marlene's comment - Crazy? No. Human nature and emotion is what it is. I honestly don't know how to address some of it. Years ago, I was in a similar situation with a reader who had a $5000 'emergency' account, yet had $5000 in credit card debt. I had a tough time getting my head around why it wasn't obvious this made no sense. In your case, I might suggest you pay the card down to below $1000 and have the credit line reduced. Paying high interest on $5K makes no sense at any point in one's life. At least a 20-something can dig his way out and learn a lesson. A pre-retiree shouldn't be throwing this money away.
Okay, so?  You were arguing that I wouldn't like to be on the receiving end  making the sacrifice.  Clearly someone who is earning more money but paying a lower percentage is making much less of a sacrifice than someone earning less money but paying a higher percentage in tax.
Most US banks don't allow you the ability to draft a foreign currency check from USD. Though, I know Canadian banks are more workable. For instance, TD allows you to do this from CAD to many other currencies for a small fee. I believe even as a US Citizen you can quite easily open a TD Trust account and you'd be good to go. Also, at one time Zions bank was one of the few which lets US customers do this add-hoc. And there is a fee associated. Even as a business, you can't usually do this without jumping thru hoops and proving your business dealings in foreign countries. Most businesses who do this often will opt to using a payment processor service from a 3rd party which cuts checks in foreign currencies at a monthly and per check base. Your other option, which may be more feasible if you're planning on doing this often, would be to open a British bank account. But this can be difficult if not impossible due to the strict money laundering anti-fraud regulations. Many banks simply won't do it. But, you might try a few of the newer British banks like Tesco, Virgin and Metro.
"No one is quite sure what happened (yet).  Speculation includes: The interesting thing is that Procter & Gamble stock got hammered, as did Accenture.  Both of which are fairly stable companies, that didn't make any major announcements, and aren't really connected to the current financial instability in Greece.  So, there is no reason for there stock prices to have gone crazy like that.  This points to some kind of screw up, and not a regular market force. Apparently, the trades involved in this event are going to be canceled. Edit #1: One thing that can contribute to an event like this is automatic selling triggered by stop loss orders.  Say someone at Citi makes a mistake and sells too much of a stock.  That drives the stock price below a certain threshold.  Computers that were pre-programmed to sell at that point start doing their job.  Now the price goes even lower.  More stop-loss orders get triggered.  Things start to snowball.  Since it's all done by computer these days something like this can happen in seconds.  All the humans are left scratching their heads. (No idea if that's what actually happened.) Edit #2: IEEE Spectrum has a pretty concise article on the topic.  It also includes some links to follow. Edit #3 (05/14/2010): Reuters is now reporting that a trader at Waddell & Reed triggered all of this, but not through any wrongdoing. Edit #4 (05/18/2010): Waddell & Reed claims they didn't do it.  The House Financial Services Subcommittee investigated, but they couldn't find a ""smoking gun"".  I think at this point, people have pretty much given up trying to figure out what happened. Edit #5 (07/14/2010): The SEC still has no idea.  I'm giving up. :-)"
Are you one who cannot invest high efforts and time to enhance the profit in trading? However, you have strong desire to gain profits in trading binary options. Then, binary today is just for you. It encompasses the features, which is highly applicable for novice and experience person.
If you sell your shares for more than their value at the time you received them (i.e. you make a profit) then you will be liable for capital gains tax - but only if the profit exceeds your annual allowance (£11,100, in tax year 2015-16). This is unrelated to how you came by the shares in the first place. (Note that there are certain exemptions to this, which includes some employer share schemes.)
"I think you're on the right track. Your #2 journal entry is incorrect. It should be (I usually put the debit entry on top, but I followed your formatting) I'm assuming your employer uses an accountable reimbursement plan (reimbursing you when you turn in your payment bill/receipts). This is not salary. Reimbursements under the accountable plan in the US are not taxed as income. If you think about it though, ""phone expense"" isn't really your phone expense. So, instead of #1 entry, you could make an account receivable, or other current asset account, maybe call it Reimbursables - cellphone, and debit this account, and credit your cash account. When you receive the $30 back, you will reverse the entries on the day of payment. If you do it this way, you should be able to see a list of receivables outstanding (I'm not too familiar with GNUCash but I'm sure it has this type of report)."
Ok, but I wasn't trying to validate the Bible, merely pointing out OP's mischaracterization of Christian values in regards to what constitutes charity.   It's almost as if you have a bone to pick with religion in general. Talk about dogmatic responses!
You buy something on margin. It goes down. You get a margin call.  It's not more complex than that. The value of your account has to be X% of the asset you control. The fact that the ETF is bull, bear, triple long/short, doesn't really matter.
The different levels are somewhat related to levels of risk. Writing a covered call is pretty low risk, in the sense that if I buy the stock but sell a call, I now have a lower cost for the stock, and however low the stock drops, I'm still slightly better off than the regular stock buyer. Covered call writing is often used to generate premium income from a stock portfolio, and less as a tool for speculation. Buying a call or put is simpler in execution, but the risk of losing the entire amount spent (I actually avoid the word invested here) due to leverage involved isn't just a possibility — it can be pretty likely depending on the strike price. Put writing and uncovered (naked) call writing can entail even higher risk relative to the premium received — consider extreme moves in the underlying to understand the potential losses involved. The more sophisticated trades are presumed to take a bit more experience and tolerance for risk and each broker has its own set of criteria to allow the client to trade at each level.
Obviously, there will be individual differences.  However, the difference between groups is greater than the difference within groups.  Gender differences are real because biological, physical, chemical and social differences are real.  Men tend to be problem-solvers.  Most work is about solving problems.  Women tend to be more centered on emotion, and most work is not about emotion.  Most men are just better-suited for most work.  Maybe this is because men invented business and modern commerce.    From my experience and observation, men tend to enjoy work more.  We tend to take fewer sick days.  We tend to arrive earlier and stay later.  We make work a higher priority in our lives.  We take the success or failure of our projects and businesses more personally.  We complain less.    It's human nature to look at what someone else has and wish you had it, too.  But most people who engage in that tend not to want to do what those others did to get what they have.  I'm convinced that any woman of intelligence, ambition and diligence can get at least as far in the corporate world as any man, if she decided to put all her intelligence, ambition and diligence into that.  Most women tend to have other priorities, and those are valid choices on their part.
Are there specific questions that you have? You can explore subs on reddit, there are solid news sources like coindesk.com and specific people on twitter / medium you can follow to get deeper insight.  There are also entire avenues of theory such as cryptoeconomics - meaning how do you pay, incentivize, and secure miners.  The architecture layer is complicated - currency is the tip of the iceberg, there is inherent value in protocols built on top of a blockchain and blockchains themselves.
If the business is being investigated by your state's Attorney General's office, then your first call should be to that office.  They will be able to help you in a few ways, even if they can't explicitly resolve the situation, and they also would undoubtedly appreciate your information to add to their case as well. First, they may be able to tell you how other victims have had their cases resolved, particularly if any went to court on their own.  While they won't be able to provide you with personal information of the other victims unless it is public knowledge (via a court case), the information about how the other victims resolved the cases may be helpful - both to show what to do, and what not to do. Second, they may be able to put you in contact with an attorney who is handling other cases like yours. That may reduce the cost of the attorney (as they'll have already done some of the work), and may mean that the attorney is willing to work with no up front fee on the assumption of winning the case. Third, if there are options for getting your money back without a court case, the AG's office may be able to help provide those as well. If the Attorney General's office is unable to help you, then your best bet is to contact an attorney on your own - look for one who specializes in consumer protection and fraud.  This is the purpose attorneys exist for: pursuing your interests against another's.  Let them do their job.  Do make an effort to find a good, honest attorney; you may find some help on how to do this on law.se if you need it (not actual recommendations, mind you, just help with how you would go about finding one).  It sounds like your claim would be above and beyond the level of a small claims court lawsuit, but verify this in your jurisdiction; if small claims court goes up to $10,000, you may be able to pursue it there on your own - but I would still get some help from an attorney, at least finding out what you would need to win.
Since returning of capital is the most important, I would go to bankrate.com and find either an online bank savings account or MMA account.  By going to bankrate.com, you can find higher rates.  Sometimes you can find rates that are higher than a CD and are still FDIC insured.  I've found ally bank's raise your rate 2 year CD to always have the best rate.  In addition, if rates go up, you are able to raise the rate to the current rate.
Sign up for alerts.  Everytime you use your card, you'll get an alert.  That way if there is an unauthorized transaction, you'll know right away. The alerts can also tell you what amount was charged - since this happens right away, the last last cc transaction is fresh in your memory and any overcharges can be easily detected. Has saved me more times than I can remember!
when you are that big you typically run a hybrid environment with a mix of public and private cloud environments. At that scale it becomes more cost efficient to build and operate on your own hardware while bursting public cloud resources on demand
Well, it's a pain in the ass and industries vary...  At $15/hr in my industry in my state, take home can be as low as $12 and cost about $24...  This puts a huge strain on entry positions and wage growth...  Plus with payroll taxes, wages can almost never outpace Inflation...  If employers give a 10% raise to workers, it costs 15% and their take-home only increases 8% (random fictional numbers, but close)...  So what we've done is increased  cost of living by nearly twice every wage increased...  It's a dog chasing its tail...
If you prefer the stock rather than cash, you might find it easier to take the cash, report it, and then buy the same stock from within your own country.
I actually completely agree that global warming is increasing foliage, because plants thrive in a high CO2 environment. But I disagree that this is good for the environment as a whole.  I looked at your history and can see I probably wont be able to change your mind. But just imagine that you're wrong for a second and that you are supporting something that will be horrible for your grandchildren.
"once again: the problems you have commented about (i.e. decline of UK manufacturing and foreign policy) and your very crude version of historical causality, combined with the policy conclusions you have suggested (the need for common immigration and policy regime with the US) suggest to me that either you haven't quite grasped post-war euopean history, or you've ventured into the realm of conspiracy theory.   PS: ""when they're charismatically explained in such a systematic and specific way"" is not a phrase commonly used in english. explain what you mean by that, please."
"Not sure what your point is, but not all journalists are trying to predict the future. Some just report existing trends and let the readers make their own conclusions. The trend the article talked about was work, and therefore capital, flowing to cities. You said this trend would reverse over the next few years, because Trump. I'm not sure what you think that means. I would surmise that if America were to double down on ""Trump,"" we will lose the subsequent trade war, we will fail to invest in or heed science, we will fail to invest in national infrastructure (yes I know Trump promised this, but the Republicans only understand how to cut things,) and our healthcare system will be whittled away to something worse than it already is.   In that case, talented workers would not only stop going to cities, they would leave the country entirely."
"I'm sorry, I find it hard to believe that a prestigious firm would just ""give"" out work to some random person to do for free. The companies he's trying to get into aren't some mom and pop shops, and you don't ""infiltrate"" them by being friendly with janitors.  I'm not saying your advice is bad. I just don't think it applies to MBB."
You can find both here: http://www.bde.es/tipos/tipose.htm
As a former Target employee, the effort to find offending gift cards and deactivate them, as well as to get a list of all Amex/Visa cards already bought with the cards and report them to Amex/Visa for deactivation would be rather trivial for Target. I don't think they'd do it, but it's not that hard.
W9 is required for any payments. However, in your case - these are not payments, but refunds, i.e.: you're not receiving any income from the company that is subject to tax or withholding rules, you're receiving money that is yours already. I do not think they have a right to demand W9 as a condition of refund, and as Joe suggested - would dispute the charge as fraudulent.
"So, what's going to happen to those [400,000](https://electrek.co/2017/05/05/tesla-model-3-reservations-3/) 'deposits'?  Tesla's ""record-breaking"" 25K quarterly production figure means it'll take *four years* to build the 400,000 cars people have put down deposits on. How many tail-end Charlies are going to wait that out? The [current](http://insideevs.com/when-will-the-7500-us-credit-expire-for-the-tesla-model-3-and-everyone-else/) expiration schedule for the $7500 tax credit puts it to Mr. tail-end, *hard*. At the Model 3 price point, this is going to have a much larger effect on its buyers than on the $100K+ demographic."
It's admittedly a theory. I've not yet heard a good reason for skyrocketing opioid addiction unless you believe it's the fault of doctors or pharmaceutical companies which seems slightly more absurd. These drugs have always been highly controlled and regulated, that's not changed.
"Predictions, especially doomsday predictions, can go wrong quickly.  I would be careful of anyone calling an ""end"" to a country like the U.S., especially, if they have something to gain and a history of being wrong.  On the other hand, someone warning of something with a past of financial credibility can be quite useful.  For instance, compare Frank Stansberry to Jesse Colombo (@TheBubbleBubble on Twitter).  Jesse was one of the few who predicted the financial crisis in 2004 and is currently warning of new bubbles (ie: the higher education bubble) - even admitting to profiting off of some of them and encouraging others to do the same.  However, his assertions can be investigated to verify accuracy, but they are hardly the end of the end (in fact, Jesse likes to boast that he's an optimist and thinks eventually we'll usher in a Golden Age).  Frank Stansberry, on the other hand, doesn't seem to carry the credibility; a brief internet search generated some issues he's had with the SEC about misleading investors. (Completely forgot to add, Mike Shedlock - Mish - also has made some predictions that have come true and clashed with some other financial advisers over inflation vs. deflation.  While people were screaming ""HYPER-INFLATION"" back in 2008-2009, Mish constantly attacked them for being wrong, and has continued to be right.  Some of his political views, of course, aren't popular, but some of his financial predictions have been stellar.) Anyone who warns of anything should always be checked out for both what they've said, what they are currently saying, and what their agenda is.  As one of my mentors warned me, everyone has an agenda and that's not always bad - their agenda may align with yours, just make sure it does. [On a humorous side note, my father has predicted the end of the world every six months since 1994.]"
The other day I commented with another redditor in another post about how the farm workers in California should be happy with a minimum wage model that allows them to bust their ass and make up to $20/hour. So it depends on who/what we're talking about.
"There are many Bitcoin stores where items are bought and sold daily. Overstock.com is one of them. The value doesn't matter because Bitcoins are divisible down to 8 decimal points. I can send you a fraction of a penny easily, although currently the transaction fee to send it is likely to be several pennies. (One purpose of the fees are to discourage such pointlessly small transactions, referred to as ""dust"".)"
We spent 8 hours with you criticizing my post and feelings on a topic.  Are you really going to get sand in your panties because you finally gave an opinion on something and it was easy to pick apart?  You know that your opinion is based on a fairytale that has never successfully coalesced in over 10,000 years of human existence in any kind of size to be meaningful.  We have literally millennia of different forms of government that we can pick through and learn from. And yet anarchy hasn't made it through any timeframe in anything but statistically insignificant small and short lived societies.  You had to reach back to medieval times just to find one single relevant example.... But, yep,  taxes and government are bad...
Being lucky is definitely a part of it, but being smart on how to navigate each choice is NOT based on luck.   Think of a blackjack game. A game based on luck, but you can make logical moves that can help you win. Do you double-down on an 11 with 3 face cards on the table?, probably not. Do you split the tens with lots of low cards on the table?, yes.  So to think it's only luck that determines one success is naive.
$300k gross is lunch money, even for many small brick and mortar businesses. Add in taxes (federal, state, county, city, sales tax, property tax, parking, licenses/ permits), rent, cost of goods, hired labor and that $300k turns into $0, if you're lucky.
"It's not necessarily bad but it can cause the stock price to become a lot more volatile. Depends on which side of the bet you're on ;) Suppose a hedge fund manager thinks a company is poorly run. He may buy a ton of shares so that he can get rid of the current CEO and replace it with his/her own. For the hedge fund and others long on the stock, this is good. Those who are trading options or using some short-term strategies could get screwed because of the sudden volatility.  My next point is related to the above. What is the intrinsic value of a stock? The current price of a stock is the equilibrium of all investor's perception of the stock's value. Professionals make up a value for a stock using models such as DCF. Once they do so they trade based on what they believe the value of the stock is. You might calculate a stock is worth 70 and I believe it's 80 so the stock price is going to fluctuate a bit but it should keep within that range (assuming we're the only investors). Then comes a hedge fund manager, say Carl Icahn, and discloses a stake in our stock. ""Wow, the stock must be really valuable!"" Everyone starts buying this stock so up it goes to 90, simply because the guy who seems to know what he's doing bought it. The point here is that now it's not trading based on intrinsic value, now it's purely psychological. Ie. it's now a momentum stock, which you have no idea when it'll crash. Look at Tesla, Netflix, or just google momentum stocks. All the big crashes in stock prices happen when these big funds unload their stocks. A surge in supply will cut the price. The problem is you can't predict when some fund manager will decide to sell some stake of his.  Tying everything together is liquidity. The more liquid a stock is, the easier it is to obtain and the less volatile it is. The more people playing the game, with not too big shares of stock, the faster the price will converge to some equilibrium and with less volatility. Institutional investors take away liquidity."
Exact rules may be different depending on the size of the investor, the specific broker, and the country.  For both the US and Canada, short sales occur only through one's margin account.  And shares that are borrowed for shorting only come from a margin account. Shares held in a cash account are not available for shorting.  From Wikipedia Short (finance) - The speculator instructs the broker to sell the shares and the   proceeds are credited to his broker's account at the firm upon which   the firm can earn interest. Generally, the short seller does not earn   interest on the short proceeds and cannot use or encumber the proceeds   for another transaction. As with many questions, I'd suggest you contact your broker for the exact details governing your account.
the cost in general.   say it's the same 4mi drive (starting and finish)  Uber: $10  Lyft: $8 (before tip)  When you factor in tip, lyft is probably more   However, someone told me Uber just allowed tips recently so this is prob skewed now, but Uber still is a little more.   However, Uber has gotten more competitive lately (i feel) b/c Lyft is growing like crazy here (Dallas).
Source on GOV.UK You may be able to get tax back for some of the bills you have to pay because you have to work at home on a regular basis. You can only claim for things to do with your work, eg business telephone calls or the extra cost of gas and electricity for your work area. You can’t claim for things that you use for both private and business use, eg rent or broadband access. You don’t need to provide records for claims of up to £4 per week (£18 per month). For claims over £4 per week you’ll need to provide evidence of what you’ve spent. Claims up to £2,500   You must claim using a Self Assessment tax return if you already fill one in. If you don’t already fill in a Self Assessment tax return, and your allowable expenses are under £2,500 for the tax year, fill in form P87 and send it to the address on the form. If you’ve made a successful claim in a previous tax year and your expenses are less than £1,000 (or £2,500 for professional fees and subscriptions), you may be able to make your claim by phone. Claims over £2,500   You must claim using a Self Assessment tax return.
"i deleted my comment that this was a reply to so I'll repost it.  It was:   &gt;I don't know the answer, but I'm pretty sure this is incorrect.  You have to take into account the correlations of the securities across the three different markets.  It's definitely not as simple as dividing by three.  The reason why I don't think this is correct is because you can imagine an exchange in which there is only one other security, and the asset in question is perfectly correlated and therefore has a beta of 1.  You could then have a different exchange with thousands of securities where the asset has a beta of 0.3.  The  simple average method would produce a beta of .65, when it's probably true that the correct answer is closer to 0.3.  The solution is not generalizable so I don't think it can be right. It neglects the relative sizes of the exchanges and the correlation of the underlying assets with each other.  Which leads me to consider, perhaps the right thing to do is to calculate the returns across all three exchanges and the returns of the asset on all three exchanges, do a weighted average and use that variance/covariance to calculate the beta across all three exchanges.  I'm not sure what purpose, practically, such a beta would serve.  I think the correct answer is to take the beta of the asset with respect to the largest (most diversified) exchange.  Ultimately, using a basket of securities like the S&amp;P 500 is just a proxy for ""the market"", whatever that means.  It doesn't truly represent the realm of possibilities for the diversified investor, but it's close enough  tl,dr: I say pick one exchange and go with it"
As a customer I have proof of this happening. I'm an IT manager and have major fluctuations in invoices (of over 60% price changes) that I've had to battle CenturyLink to correct the price. Is there somewhere I can share this with to help the case? Caused about 4 months worth of headaches due to CenturyLink and this would remedy that.
You're losing money. And a lot of it. Consider this: the inflation is 2-4% a year (officially, depending on your spending pattern your own rate might be quite higher). You earn about 1/2%. I.e.: You're losing 3% a year. Guaranteed. You can do much better without any additional risk. 0.1% on savings account? Why not 0.9%? On-line savings account (Ally, CapitalOne-360, American Express, E*Trade, etc) give much higher rates than what you have. Current Ally rates are 0.9% on a regular savings account. 9 times more than what you have, with no additional risk: its a FDIC insured deposit. You can get a slightly higher rate with CDs (0.97% at the same bank for 12 months deposit). IRA - why is it in CD's? Its the longest term investment you have, that's where you can and should take risks, to maximize your compounding returns. Not doing that is actually more risky to you because you're guaranteeing compounding loss, of the said 3% a year. On average, more volatile stock investments have shown to be not losing money over periods of decades, even if they do lose money over shorter periods. Rental - if you can buy a property that you would pay the same amount of money for as for a comparable rental - you should definitely buy. Your debt will be secured by the property, and since you're paying the same amount or less - you're earning the equity. There's no risk here, just benefits, which again you chose to forgo. In the worst case if you default and walk away from the property you lost exactly (or less) what you would have paid for a rental anyway. 14 years old car may be cheaper than 4 years old to buy, but consider the maintenance, licensing and repairs - will it not some up to more than the difference? In my experience - it is likely to. Bottom line - you think you're risk averse, but you're exactly the opposite of that.
"Here is how the Visa network works: A Visa transaction is a carefully orchestrated process. When a Visa   account holder uses a Visa card to buy a pair of shoes, it’s actually   the acquirer — the merchant’s bank — that reimburses the merchant for   the shoes. Then, the issuer — the account holder’s bank — reimburses   the acquirer, usually within 24 to 48 hours. Lastly, the issuer   collects from the account holder by withdrawing funds from the account   holder’s bank account if a debit account is used, or through billing   if a credit account is used. I read this to mean the Merchant's Bank (the Acquirer Bank) gives the merchant the money within 2 days via the Card Issuer's Bank. The issuing bank is the one that provides the ""credit"" feature since that bank won't get reimbursed until the shopper's bill is paid (or perhaps even longer if the shopper carries a balance). You'll notice the Credit Card company (Visa/MC/etc) is only involved in the process as a way of passing messages. Of course they take a fee for this service so seller ultimately get's less than the buyer bought the shoes for."
"Your instructor's numbers do not seem to have any basis in current reality. At this page you can see a comparison of interest rates offered by banks and credit unions.  In the most recent table for June 2014, banks paid an average interest rate of 0.12 percent on savings accounts, while credit unions paid an average of 0.13 percent.   If you look back further, you will see that interest rates paid by banks and credit unions are generally comparable.  Credit union rates tend to be a little bit higher, but certainly not 7 times higher. The last time any financial institution paid as much as 15% on a savings account would probably be the early 1980s.  You can see here a historical chart of the ""prime rate"" for lending.  Savings account rates (at either banks or credit unions) would typically be lower. (This is based on the US, in accordance with your tag.  Interest rates in other places, especially developing countries with less stable currencies, can be dramatically different.)"
"For customer accounts that you have with a merchant, normally a positive balance in the account is what you owe the merchant. When you have a credit on the account or a negative balance, it usually means that it is an amount that the merchant owes you. This could be because you paid too much, or perhaps it is because the merchant is giving you a refund for some reason.  However, it is always a possibility that this particular merchant is not using the terminology in the conventional way. If you aren't sure, the best thing to do is to ask the merchant directly by contacting their customer service department.  Just judging from the screenshot you posted, it looks to me like they owe you some money. I suggest you click the ""Statement"" button; it looks like that will generate some type of statement that will instruct the merchant to send you a refund. But that is only a guess. Their customer service should be able to tell you what to do."
Your home (the one you live in) is not an investment. Its an expense/liability/asset, but its something you pay for to use, not invest to grow.
Surprisingly accurate. Are you in the industry? I usually see wildly incorrect info about processing online. (I work in processing.)  Only part not quite correct:   &gt;At the end of the day, week, whatever, the processor collects money from the issuing financial institution and is responsible for giving the right amount -- less fees -- to the merchant.  The acquiring bank/processor actually fronts money to the merchant (typically within 1-2 days.) The issuing bank later reimburses the acquiring bank/processor, less interchange fees. The processor then deducts the interchange fee amount and their markup from the merchant's account, making themselves whole from the original money fronting and getting their profit.  That's why there's risk to processors when it comes to chargebacks. If a transaction is fraudulent, the issuing bank isn't going to give them money for it, but they've already given money to the merchant. So they need to be able to recoup it from the merchant or they'll be out that money.  But yeah, definitely a service, and it's odd that people often argue that it isn't.
"The raw question is as follows:  ""You will be recommending a purposed portfolio to an investment committee (my class). The committee runs a foundation that has an asset base of $4,000,000. The foundations' dual mandates are to (a) preserve capital and (b) to fund $200,000 worth of scholarships. The foundation has a third objective, which is to grow its asset base over time.""   The rest of the assignment lays out the format and headings for the sections of the presentation.  Thanks, by the way - it's an 8 week accelerated course and I've been out sick for two weeks. I've been trying to teach myself this stuff, including the excel calculations for the past few weeks."
"If a quantum computer could solve any cryptological problem instantly it would be very disruptive technology with no societal payoff. It seems pretty obvious to me that the only reason that is getting a lot of research money is very much like the race for nuclear war superiority – if ""they"" get it first  it could be disastrous. In any event, the article was pretty boring – quantum computers may work differently, if at all, from existing ones. I think I already knew that."
R with RStudio is pretty damn easy to install/run, especially on Linux/Unix (includes OSX).  The environment is great - it gives you package management, charts, documentation, a workspace browser, etc..., all in one.  RStudio Server is also ridiculous - you set up a server that allows you to connect remotely, and gives you a full IDE in your web browser, allowing you to run scripts on your home server, analyse datasets, etc..., all done remotely.    Not sure about Python, but I doubt it has all the packages that R has.  It also has a fragmentation problem (Python 2 vs. Python 3, Cython vs PyPy, etc...).    I like R's very data-oriented nature (all values are vectors), and R can be very quick if you use it idiomatically (as opposed to writing Python in R).  R also has libraries for machine learning, neural networks, clustering, etc..., anything you could want.  And if I were to use another language for algorithms, it would be C++ anyway.    But anyhow, as a basic tool for gathering info and creating charts, R is great.  A few very easy one-liners get you a lot of data very quickly.  I mean, you learn it in stats class in university, no programming skills required.  And if you do want to go deeper, learning it isn't that hard...
I'd put as much of it as possible into an ISA that pays a decent amount of interest so you get the benefit of the money accruing interest tax free. For the rest, I'd shop around for notice accounts, but would also keep an eye out for no-notice accounts. The latter might be beneficial if you expect interest rates to rise and are willing to shop around and move the money into accounts paying better interest every few months. Just make sure you're also factoring in the loss of interest when moving the money. You could look into fixed term savings bonds but I don't think they currently pay enough to make it worthwhile locking away your money.
Fortunately labour costs in China have been increasing at 15% per year for a lot of years now and it’s rare (ie: only the most extremely labour heavy industries) that can justify a new move / setup to China purely on the basis of lower labor costs (there is a lot of expertise and deep manufacturing chain advantages to contend with though).  The biggest threat in the decade ahead is automation - and it’s adoption is accelerating unbelievably fast.
"I wrote a spreadsheet (<< it may not be obvious - this is a link to pull down the spreadsheet) a while back that might help you. You can start by putting your current salary next to your age, adjust the percent of income saved (14% for you) and put in the current total.  The sheet basically shows that if one saves 15% from day one of working and averages an 8% return, they are on track to save over 20X their final income, and at the 4% withdrawal rate, will replace 80% of their income. (Remember, if they save 15% and at retirement the 7.65% FICA /medicare goes away, so it's 100% of what they had anyway.) For what it's worth, a 10% average return drops what you need to save down to 9%. I say to a young person - try to start at 15%. Better that when you're 40, you realize you're well ahead of schedule and can relax a bit, than to assume that 8-9% is enough to save and find you need a large increase to catch up.  To answer specifically here - there are those who concluded that 4% is a safe withdrawal rate, so by targeting 20X your final income as retirement savings, you'll be able to retire well.  Retirement spending needs are not the same for everyone. When I cite an 80% replacement rate, it's a guess, a rule of thumb that many point out is flawed. The 'real' number is your true spending need, which of course can be far higher or lower. The younger investor is going to have a far tougher time guessing this number than someone a decade away from retiring. The 80% is just a target to get started, it should shift to the real number in your 40s or 50s as that number becomes clear.  Next, I see my original answer didn't address Social Security benefits. The benefit isn't linear, a lower wage earner can see a benefit of as much as 50% of what they earned each year while a very high earner would see far less as the benefit has a maximum. A $90k earner will see 30% or less. The social security site does a great job of giving you your projected benefit, and you can adjust target savings accordingly.  2016 update - the prior 20 years returned 8.18% CAGR. Considering there were 2 crashes one of which was called a mini-depression, 8.18% is pretty remarkable. For what it's worth, my adult investing life started in 1984, and I've seen a CAGR of 10.90%. For forecasting purposes, I think 8% long term is a conservative number.  To answer member ""doobop"" comment - the 10 years from 2006-2015 had a CAGR of 7.29%. Time has a way of averaging that lost decade, the 00's, to a more reasonable number."
A consortium of investment banks go on a road show to their clients to see who's interested at which price in the IPO. The arrange this price through various financial models to determine the market value of the company.  The banks price the offering deliberately low to ensure a pop on the open of trading to send a positive signal to the market. This is their story at least, IPOs mispriced on the low side result in less money for the company making the offering.  I think a better way to perform an IPO is the way google did the theirs; a reverse auction. This is the same way the treasury sells bonds and definitely would put more money in the companies and less in the banks. Unfortunately the banks don't love the idea and you need a lot of clout to get them to change their minds.
You're exactly right and I agree with you completely.  Just to add, another important fact is that autos simply don't represent as large or sticky of an asset on peoples' personal balance sheets. A house often represents a significant leverage on income, but cars are a fraction of the price, significantly more liquid, and purchased with the expectation of depreciation so there's much less incentive to over leverage (as opposed to buying a house and reselling when the market rises). All of these aspects naturally limit the amount of damage that a broad auto loan default could have and limits the autocorrelation of the default of one loan to another.  I think people just liked the movie too much and are searching for the next *big short*.
"As Michael Pryor answered, a bond fund is a mutual fund that invests in bonds. I'd also consider an ETF based on bonds to be a bond fund, but I'm not sure that all investors would consider these as ""bond funds"". Not all bond funds are the same -- just like stock funds. You can classify bond funds based on the issuer of the bonds: You can also classify funds based on the time to maturity: In general, bond funds have lower risk and lower expected return than stock funds. Sometimes bond funds have price movements that are not tightly correlated to the price movements in the equity markets. This can make them a decent hedge against declines in your equity investments. See Michal Pryor's answer for some info on how you can get tax free treatment for your bond fund investments."
Credit cards have two revenue streams: So yes, the are making money from your daily use of the card.
"Construction loans are typically short term that then get rolled into conventional mortgages at the end of the construction period. Since the actual construction loan is short term, you cannot combine it with a long-term land loan as well. You could do the two separate loans up front to buy the land and finance the construction, then at the end roll both into a conventional mortgage to close out the land and construction loans. This option will only work if you do all three through the same lender. Trying to engage various lenders will require a whole new refinance process, which I very much doubt you would want to go through. These are sometimes called combo loans, since they aggregate several different loan products in one ""transaction."" Not a lot of places do land loans, so I would suggest first find a lender that will give you a land loan and set an appoint with a loan representative. Explain what you are trying to do and see what they can offer you. You might have better luck with credit unions as well instead of traditional banks."
Are you just turning in applications? Are you cold calling/emailing and trying to get a hold of managers and finding out about positions? Have you sent any cover letters to people?   Also, does your resume look aesthetically pleasing and is well organized? Are your skills highlighted well?  I feel like it can be pretty tough to get a job if you didn't get one right out of school.
"I have a friend who had went on a seminar with FortuneBuilders (the company that has Than Merrill as CEO). He told me that one of the things taught in that seminar was how to find funding for the property that you want to flip. One of the things he mentioned was that there are so-called ""hard money"" lenders who are willing to lend you the money for the property in exchange for getting their name on the property title. Last time I checked it looked like here in Florida we had at least Bridgewell Capital and Fairview Commercial Lending that were in that business. These hard money lenders get their investment back when the house is sold. So there is some underlying expectation that the house can be sold with some profit (to reimburse both the lender and you for your work). That friend of mine did tell me that he had flipped a house once but that he did not receive the funding to that from a lender but from an in-law, however it was through a similar arrangement."
I have done this for years and have been quite successful at it. Two reason I even need to do this - desire to pay for engagement ring and pay for 150 person wedding without using my nest-egg/savings.  You need to keep a document that details when the free APRs run out, and you need to setup automatic payments of the minimum balance from your checking account so you ensure you do not miss a payment.  You need to understand when you are going to need to make big purchases of homes/apartments/cars so that you can ensure you aren't doing this right before your credit score is being checked (Need to leave 12 months without opening new accounts before doing this).  I have been able to finance about $60,000 worth of unsecured debt paying between 3-5% interest per year. We have an unsecured credit line with Citibank that charges 14% and is capped at $10,000, and Discover Personal Loans charge around 14% as well (in pre-paid interest!).  I would say, all things considering, that this is a great deal if you don't have a secured line of credit with a low interest rate.  It is something, however, that if you aren't diligent can get away from you. From my experience I would rather pay a small amount of interest while allowing my savings and retirement to grow interest (hopefully greater than 3-5%) than pay the huge expense and start from zero. But if you miss a single payment on a 0 APR balance transfer they charge you all back interest concessions plus charge you a penalty rate.  Like many of the other posts, you need discipline to make this work.
"Presumably it means they're paying with normal money rather than paying with stock. Shareholders will receive money rather than any shares of AMZN when the deal goes through.   ""Cash"" doesn't necessarily mean ""currency"" a la bills and coins. When you have money in your brokerage that isn't tied up in a security, for example, you're holding ""cash"" even though you don't physically have ""currency""."
At 5%, this means you expect rents to double every 14 years. I bought a condo style apartment 28 years ago, (sold a while back, by the way) and recently saw the going rate for rents has moved up from $525 to $750, after all this time. The rent hasn't increased four fold.  If rents appear to be too low compared to the cost of buying the house, people tend to prefer to rent. On the flip side, if the rent can cover a mortgage and then some, there's strong motivation to buy, if not by the renters, then by investors who seek a high return from renting those houses, thereby pushing the price up.  The price to rent ratio isn't fixed, it depends in part on interest rates, consumer sentiment, and banks willingness to lend. Similar to stock's P/E, there can be quite a range, but too far in either direction is a sign a correction is due.
"I believe you have to file a tax return, because state tax refund is considered income effectively connected with US trade or business, and the 1040NR instructions section ""Who Must File"" includes people who were engaged in trade or business in the US and had a gross income. You won't end up having to pay any taxes as the income is less than your personal exemption of $4050."
There is no distribution limit.  Even if you distributed more than your medical expenses, the excess would be taxed and penalized, but it would still be distributed, and the penalty would be based on the amount that wasn't for medical expenses, regardless of the total amount.
"And? What's the big deal? For the people who are upset about Netflix not having the Star Wars content, those are more than likely big fans of Star Wars, and said fans, if they consider themselves to big a big Star Wars fan, already own the old and most recent Star Wars movies. Watch, people are going to down vote my post, and it will be from those will most likely are a fan but don't own a copy of the movies or will say, ""Why should I have to buy them in order to watch them? I should be able to stream them whenever I want."" Think of the price of buying the movie, let's say $20. You can watch it over and over again. With watching it via stream, you'll have to pay between $15-$20 a month in order to watch it."
IRA is an account. You can open as many as you want. What's limited is the contributions: you cannot deposit to the IRA (all of them combined) more than what you've earned during the year, or $5500 (for 2013), the lowest. There are also limits on how much you can deduct, depending on your income and availability of other retirement programs at your work. You can open as many IRAs as you want in your child's name, but if your child had only earned $500 this year - that's how much you can put in these accounts. Your wife and you share the earned income limit, so if your wife is not working, you can still contribute to the IRA in her name, based on your own earnings (i.e.: if you earned more than $11000 - you can contribute the maximum $5500 for each of you). The limits are for all the IRA combined, doesn't matter how many accounts you have, and how many of them are Roth.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://ftp.iza.org/dp10969.pdf) reduced by 99%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; As Figure 2 shows, the illegitimacy ratio has varied substantially over the last 200 years in 6 Although illegitimacy is not the same as out-of-wedlock birth in all societies, we use these terms interchangeably, which is in line with the interpretation of illegitimacy in 19th century Austria.  &gt; 4 Illegitimacy beyond animal husbandry: The origin of a cultural norm 4.1 Linking historical animal husbandry to illegitimacy today Our main hypothesis is that the historic agricultural structure has formed a cultural norm in relation to illegitimacy that persists until today.  &gt; Workers Mean Illegitimacy Illegitimacy ratio in 1900 Illegitimacy ratio today Main variables Ratio: cattle to agri.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6zlwko/iza_economic_origins_of_cultural_norms_the_case/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~208370 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **illegitimacy**^#1 **ratio**^#2 **agricultural**^#3 **historical**^#4 **birth**^#5"
I've seen self-service turnstiles on a Lufthansa flight in Frankfurt. There were employees around though, even if everybody was scanning their own boarding pass (I remember because the machine printed a seat reassignment note for me after scanning the boarding pass and I was surprised by that).
Let's say I have two loans (say 2 car loans), and the high interest loan has a higher balance.  Both have a monthly payment of, say, $500. My income fluctuates a lot, so occasionally I only have $750.  I get hit with big fees those months, or maybe I just have to eat beans for those months.  I come on some extra money.  Maybe enough to get rid of the low interest small loan. Paying off the smaller loan frees up cash.  I don't have to eat beans on the bad months.
"As a woman who was once married to someone who worked offshore in the North Sea, in the Gulf of Mexico, off the coast of Nova Scotia, in fact all over the world...and my husband's rig was contracted through Exxon (by the way, Exxon contracts rigs, but doesn't own any), this is most certainly a scam.  Even if you do not believe all the above information, I will tell you this.  Offshore oil companies will either have schedules consisting of two weeks on/two weeks off or one month on/one month off.  If he is in the Gulf of Mexico, it is almost certainly two weeks on/two off.  Which means this ""person"" who is your ""friend"" is lying to you, because contract or not, no employer holds any employee on the rig for an entire year.  In addition, he can leave the rig anytime he wants to, due to a personal emergency.  And no, once a paycheck is deposited in an employee's account, they cannot take it back.  LOL!! I would like to see them try!!  Don't do this.  It will only cause you heartbreak.  And since all of the posters recommending that you NOT fall for this POS line of bull have nothing to gain, guess who is telling the truth?  It's not your ""FRIEND""!"
"Yes, CDOs certainly allow the investor to choose the tranche they want to invest in. As you said, lower risk higher priority tranches get paid first but also have a lower coupon rate. The higher risk lower priority (""junior"" or ""mezzanine"") tranches pay last, if it all, but have higher coupons."
"I'm not sure what the situation is in Canada, but in the US, the IRS does not look kindly on people overvaluing donations of used goods. The rule is obviously abused quite a bit, but that doesn't mean it's legal! Different used books have different values, usually depending on supply and demand, and there are online databases that make it easy to check the value of a book using a barcode scanner. If you took a book to a used bookstore and they didn't want to buy it, that's because supply greatly exceeds demand... it might be last year's bestseller, for example. In this situation, donating the book to charity and claiming that the book is ""worth"" more than it's actually worth is really nothing more than cheating on your taxes. You may or may not get caught, but it's certainly not the intent of any tax code to give people a break on their taxes for donating worthless books to a charity which will inevitably just have to recycle or shred them."
One thing to look into is if there is an extra fee for covering a spouse under you plan, if she is covered under her own employer's plan.  I know that my wife's company charges around $100-$200 a year if I was to be covered under her plan, since I am eligible for the coverage where I work. As far as tax issues, there shouldn't be any.  I think the choice comes down to the coverage offered by both plans.
"I think JB King's answer is interesting from the point of view of ""is this good for me"" but the OP's question boils down to ""why would a company do this?"" The company buys back shares when it thinks it will better position the company financially. A Simple Scenario: If Company A wants to open a new store, for example, they need to buy the land, build the store, stock it, etc, etc and this all costs money.  The company can get a loan, use accrued capital, or raise new capital by issuing new stock.  Each method has benefits and drawbacks. One of the drawbacks of issuing new stock is that it dilutes the existing stock's value.  Previously, total company profits were split between x shares.  Now the profits are shared between x+y shares, where y is the number of new shares issued to raise the capital. This normally drives the price of the stock down, since the expected future dividends per stock have decreased. Now the company has a problem: the next time they go to raise money by issuing stock, they will have to issue MORE shares to get the same value - leading to more dilution.  To break out of this cycle, the company can buy back shares periodically.  When the company feels the the stock is sufficiently undervalued, it buys some back.  Now the profits are shared with a smaller pool, and the stock price goes up, and the next time Company A needs to raise capital, it can issue stock. So it probably has little to do with rewarding shareholders, and more to do with lowering the ""cost of capital"" for the company in the future."
"Although banks do not have to honor checks that are more than six months old, they often do. Limit Noted on Check. Many large corporations put the length of time that a check is valid on the face of their checks. For example, a check may state, Valid for 90 days from this date"" or ""Not valid after 180 days."""
"The whole process was so absurd though.   They asked me to scan and submit my ID (which I did). Then they told me they couldn't accept it because it wasn't real and was ""obviously downloaded from the internet."" (lolwut.) I've never been so casually accused of identity theft before- that was interesting. So I took a picture of me holding the ID and sent that instead. Susan (the woman I was speaking with (dunno why I still remember that name)) said for ""security reasons"" I would have to wait three months and try again.   Three months later they didn't even ask for ID."
You're acting like there are still considerably fewer people in the world, the globalist haven't forced us to compete with shitty employers round the world, and that the inefficiencies of your local producer has any hope of making quality items cheaply.
An animation video maker creates animation by using computer software. Animation firms use industry standard software that has supporting platforms Windows, Linux, and Mac OS. Ideally, the software must be intuitive providing a wide range of texturing and lighting. It must also have post processing functionality.
quantycuenta is right, if a halt is in place, then no trading will occur, simple as that. But in the practice of risk management it is a little different. Want to remind you that you are assuming that trading is halted immediately upon the drop in price. That doesn't always happen, so if there is any time between the actual price drop and halt of trading, then it is possible that your order will be filled, depending on how liquid your security is. Also not every security has circuit breakers in place and the exact requirements to trigger a breaker is not public information.  In some cases, trades are ordered to be rolled back (reversed) by the exchange but this is usually reserved for institutional traders who make some sort of mistake.  This article below mentions day traders who bought at or near the bottom of the May 6, 2010 flash crash. This was before circuit breakers but I think it's a good story for someone looking to understand the finer workings of the electronic market.  http://www.marketwatch.com/story/book-takes-a-look-inside-professional-day-traders-1339513989350
&gt; Theoretically you'd expect the exchange rate to move against you enough to make this a bad investment.   Actually, the theoretical and intentional expectation is that the currency with the highest interest rate should appreciate even more.  Canada has traditionally offered an interest rate premium over the US specifically to help the strength of its currency and attract capital to stay there.  &gt; In reality this doesn't happen  Because carry trades/fx have so little margin requirements, and so many speculators on one side of the trade, there is a significant short squeeze risk any time there is a de-risking shock to the economy.  Any unwinding impulse, scares other carry trade participants to unwind, and then forces many more to unwind.
That's not how dota works, though. People have been playing the same game (with regular major updates) for almost a decade now.    Many players retire to become commentators/coaches/streamers/other important parts of the scene and earn a living that way.  Sure, there are more lucrative jobs out there, but if he's passionate about it and can make a career out of it, what's the problem?
The problem is that these commercial GPS have cut corners to save $$ in each unit by not insulating the sensors correctly to filter out frequencies outside the allocated spectrum. As a result they are capable of receiving signals from other frequencies such as the one used by LightSquared.
The car has software that will automatically plot a route using chargers, manage charging times and notify you via a phone app when the car has charged enough to continue your route.  Also, most superchargers are located next to a restaurant or thing to do while the car charges. Most of the US is already covered by the by network this year, but next year the network will triple in charging stations.   It's really much better than it seems, unless you are constantly driving very long distances. In my five years of Tesla ownership I have never had a problem driving between California and Texas.
"Yes, your privacy is invaded, that's the law in many jurisdictions. The goal is to make money laundering and financing Evil Things harder. That's why banks are required to request proof for every money transfer larger than a specific sum. This is only a minor issue most of the time. You will have some kind of agreement with that Money Management company and this agreement (or a copy of it) will serve as a proof of your lawful reason to transfer money. It works just like that - you get to the bank and say you want to initiate a money transfer, the clerk asks you to show the ""proof"", you give them your agreement or a bill that requests you to pay or whatever else document you may have that proves that you're bound by some kind of contract with the recipient of money. The clerk then makes a copy of the ""proof"" and it stays in the bank to back the transfer until it is completed. The copy is then stored for some time and later destroyed - that's up to how the bank handles documents."
To get out of the shithole mess that republicans created.. i.e. Economic Depression .. 3 wars..  But I see Your Username checks out so I'm not surprised ..Stop living in the fantasy world comrade.  Being an ignorant confused putts is not a good look.  I welcome you to join us grow ups in reality
An old buddy of mine used to trade penny's and supposedly made a killing. Was taking trips all over the country, bought a place at the beach, always had NBA tickets to the best games. Later found out that he was actually selling drugs instead and was basically making nothing on the penny stock trading.
The answer depends on how much you spend every month. The DTI is calculated using the minimum payment on the balance owed on your card.  Credit card minimum payments are ridiculous, often being only $50 for balances of a couple thousand dollars. In any case, when you get preapproved, the lender will tell you (based on your DTI) the maximum amount they will approve you for. If your minimum payment is $50, that's another $50 that could go towards your mortgage, which could mean an additional $10,000 financed. It's up to you to decide if $10,000 will make enough of a difference in the houses you look at.
"As a buyer, one of the easiest ways to save on closing costs is to avoid title insurance.  This will only apply if you are a cash buyer, as a mortgage writer will typically require title insurance.   It is also one of the most ill-advised ways to save money.  You need title insurance.   For the most part, there is really no way to truly save on closing costs.  Wrapping costs into a loan, saving on interest or taxes through timing don't truly save money.  Sometimes you can obtain discounts on closing by using an targeted lender, but that may cost you in higher interest rates.   By paying points on your loan, you may increase your costs at closing in order to save money on interest paid.   Certainly you can't discount required, government imposed fees (like doc stamps).   You may be able to shop around and find a bit lower fees for appraisal, credit reports, title company fees, and title insurance.  However, that is a lot of work for not a lot of return.  Title companies seem to be pretty tight lipped about their fees.   The best yield of your time is to get the other party in the transaction to pay your costs.  The market or local tradition may not allow this.  An additional way to lower your costs is to ask the realtors involved to discount their commissions.  However, they could always say ""no"".   The bottom line is transacting real estate is very expensive."
"Welcome to Audating Sites. We are the best dating service provider company, which is located in Australia. We provide the best dating service in the Australia from previous many years. If you are looking for Escapade with men or women, then ""Audating Sites"" is the best platform for you. To get started and let's look at the best dating sites for men and women. The right online dating site for you as it is to choose the person you want to be known in the online world."
"&gt;these jobs aren't meant for adults with families.  Says who?  You?  Society?  Just because people _think_ that's how it should be doesn't make it correct.  A job is a job.  Yes, it's requires less skill to work at Subway than most jobs but that doesn't mean you should be be forced to live below poverty because you have that job.  They shouldn't be making surgeon wages, but no one is arguing for that.  People want to live like a human being.  They want to pay their heat bill so they're not freezing in the winter.  &gt;They're part time, no-responsibility positions that pay beer money  Want to know why?  Because companies choose that.  They could easily cut their employees by a third, pay a livable wage and full time status to the remaining employees and STILL grow/expand and hire back the people they cut.    Aldi's isn't doing bad.  Costco is doing pretty well.  QuikTrip is growing like a weed.  All these places are ""beer money jobs for teens and students"" yet they've found success in paying actual, livable money to their employees.    People think that if companies raise their wages they'll go bankrupt and they've done a good job convincing everyone that.  It's been shown that [raising the minimum wage doesn't affect employment](http://www.cepr.net/documents/publications/min-wage-2013-02.pdf).  If anything it helps because less turnover = more efficiency = more money for the company.    TL:DR Ya'll motherfuckers need empathy."
It's not. If you look at the page you link to and change dates, it's clear the rate changes a bit. 120.15 120.1 per hundred. The Swiss can keep the 1.200 as a target and if it's higher, sell agingst the euro to bring it down, if lower, buy. If the swiss experienced a serious financial crisis and their currency fell, they may not have the power to control it, if the rest of the world said it was worth less, you can be sure it will fall.
&gt; can't afford to put the devices through all the relevant testing to get it FDA approved.  That testing is there for a reason, you know.   &gt; There are thousands of people who ave these implants without any issues, and similar chips have been injected into **millions of pets** all over the world.  Is this an ironic way to argue against this idea? Pet issues aside, do you really want your employer to move one step closer to treating you like an animal?
"Someone is certainly having a slow day at work. Let's read off some of Mr. Ben Cohen's fine points.  * Personal responsibility is a dog-whistle for hating the poor. * People paying for their own services is greedy. * People forcing others to pay for their own services is generous. * If the government doesn't do healthcare, literally nobody can. * Mike Pence doesn't like abortions.  And, let's end by using ""white man"" as an insult.  This is what passes for journalism?"
If it was me I would want to go with the state I am moving too. I'm not familiar with business law too much as I'm only a law student right now but I would guess it's a safer bet. There might be local state laws that could apply. If there are not any local regulations then they should still know all of the national regulations just the same.
Insinkerator 65 is the top model in our standard range of kitchen sink disposals, offering high performance continuous feed operation and able to handle large amounts of food waste. It is good for all households and comes with 4 year parts &amp; labor guarantee.
"I will give it to you straight; in the end it's about the money. Tourists don't ride tuk tuk anymore because online they read that tuk tuk overcharge and it is better to take a taxi with meter.  So, if I was a tourist and you want me to use your service, what I would need from you is the understanding that I will not be paying more money than a taxi. You have a couple of ways of doing this: 1. Install a meter in your tuk tuk. Put a sign on the side of your tuk tuk saying ""This tuk tuk uses a taximeter"". 2. If you do not have the option for a taximeter you need to advertise your free prices. Put a sign on the side of your tuk tuk displaying your prices showing that you do not overcharge. 3. Advertise your services on TripAdvisor, different forums, etc.  Good luck!"
We have a lot of debt - at this point I don't even know how much This is your problem. Find out, and while you're at it find out how much income you have and also what your total expenditures are. You seem to be facing up to the problem, but not looking it in the eyes. You just need to take some time, and a little bravery, to get all your financial documentation together and lay it all out so you know what your situation actually is. Its not hard to do this, get a box and put all (old) bills and statements in that you can find, and at the end of a month, pick them out and write down the totals. Then work out your income and all that you've spent that month. This is known as a Statement of Affairs and there are calculators to help you. Then you can work out how much you need to pay off, and how much spare money you have to do this with. You can also start to cut down on all the really unnecessary stuff to increase your spare money that you can use to pay off the debts. Hopefully this won't take too long, and you can easily (if boringly) work the debt off over time. If it really is unsurmountable there are things you can do to help - firstly contacting your creditors and seeing what they can do to either part write off the debt, or freeze it as you pay it off (most creditors understand that if you're desperate enough to talk to them (!) then they may not see any of their debt back and are at least willing to help you pay them back). Generally though, it sounds like you are not in a total mess as you can pay it off. There are people in far worse states than you! But you really do need to be fully aware of your financial situation. Sit down and 'count your money' one lazy Sunday. There are links to help. Try the Motley Fool's guide, and its dealing with debt forum, both of which are very practical (if UK based, the Fool has a US site too, see for yourself if there's the same stuff on it, but this kind of thing tends to be fundamental to people of all nations).
This was absolutely true for me. I'm retired now. Until my last company I always got about 5% raise. When I skipped jobs the raise was usually enormous. I went:   19K 25K 30K 35K 50K 75K 85k 75K (last job sucked and this one was stupid simple at first) New company gave me steady raises to $125K and I got to do awesome work and was in complete control.   There is no way I would have gone from 19K to 125K at the same firm.
TV has always been innovative, it's just that new players have emerged (mainly in Hulu and Netflix) which arguable unjustifiably threatens their position.  Hulu and Netflix are trying to eat TV/Cable's lunch while they bring nothing new to the table, essentially they are getting a free lunch off the work of the TV industry.  I don't know how/why TV became the bad guys.   I think it's mainly because people are cheap and figure they will still get high-quality programming on the internet for free.  The problem is that if TV ever goes away, say goodbye to quality programming.  The only content available on the internet will be cheap reality shows, low-budget comedies, and the occasional hollywood movie which companies like Netflix and Hulu will try to kill.  This is a lose-lose situation.  We need TV, to underestimate the value of the TV industry is a serious oversight.
The buyer can get another cosigner or you can sell the car to pay off the loan. These are your only options if financing cannot be obtained independently.
My first computer was nearly 20 years ago. A computer tech I knew brought home dozens of boxes of computer parts from a hospital that was replacing and upgrading. Asked me to see how many computers I could build from the parts. Didn't have any sort of computer experience at the time but I built about 16 windows 3.11 boxes from those parts. I was given a very nice motherboard with a 200 MHz processor for it. That was my first computer. I mounted it on plywood.
Using your figures, a couple making $172,000 each earn enough to be in the 1%. So that is even less than I had originally stated.  I couldn't find any hard data about personal incomes in the USA since everything seems to be intertwined with household earnings, but I did for Canada. There, household income was around the same $350K mark to be in the top 1% and around the same $170,000 to be in the top 1% for personal incomes.  Given that, I think we can assume the wealth distribution is fairly close between countries, therefore I stand by my statement that a sub-$200,000 income will put in you the top 1% of earners, though you would need an equally successful partner to be in the top 1% of households.
Are you out of your mind?  Federal spending has doubled since *2000*.  WWII might be the only time our government was ever bigger (and incidentally, slashing that by 75% directly preceded one of the greatest growth periods in our history).  Seriously, can you name me three programs or departments that have smaller budgets, in real dollars, in 2012 than they did in 2008?
This is what happens when reform is done through the agencies rather than legislation, it can change with a new president.   Obama's legacy is going to be that almost everything he did was reverted in Trump's first year of office.  Really the only thing that might last is Obama care and they are pushing hard to get rid of it.
"You're asking explicitly about $250K+ wage earners. Well, believe it or not, but this is the most discriminated group of people in the US tax code. This is what is called ""the upper middle class"". People who still have to work for a living, but treated as if they're rich (I don't consider people who must work to keep up their life style as rich). Many of the deductions cannot be taken by them. Lets go over the list Keith made: You mentioned losses - you cannot deduct gambling losses (in excess of gambling income), and you cannot deduct passive (rental real estate, for example) losses. While for rental real estate there's a small amount of losses you could deduct, it phases out well below the $250K line (can be deducted against passive income, or when disposed of the property). 529 plans are not deductible (in fact, its a gift subject to the gift tax). Bottom line, being a high earner with wages only means you pay the most tax. You either find a way to become self employed and have a lot of business deductions on your schedule C/1120S, or switch to capital gains. You can marry an unemployed partner, it will make your life slightly easier."
"You should also examine gross costs. The US per capita is paying twice what Canada does, and is getting worse results (lower life expectancy and higher infant mortality). Not exactly a bargain.  A significant part of the rate of increase in costs is likely due to the shifting demographics bulge of baby boomers aging. If you look at (these charts)[http://flatrock.org.nz/topics/money_politics_law/boom_moves_along.htm] you'll see that there's a a lot more folks in their 50's than before. And [""Nearly one-third of lifetime expenditures is incurred during middle age, and nearly half during the senior years""](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1361028/).  In the report you linked ""The medical trend reported includes the increases in both price inflation and utilization for 2009""... so it's impossible to say how much medical inflation there actual was (i.e. is the cost of a flu shot rising faster/slower than inflation). Which makes the report a bit slimy in that it compares directly against the rate of inflation."
You can transfer the money from your bank in Russia to Cyprus by sending a Wire Transfer. You provide your account number and SWIFT code for the Cyprus account to your Russian bank and pay the associated fees on both end for it and it will be done. No need to use Bitcoin or anything too complicated. I believe you are overthinking this.
I'm surprised by all the pro-credit answers here, debit has some definite advantages. Most importantly, when you pay with a credit card, the merchant pays around 3% of the transaction to the credit company. In many states, they are forced to charge you the same amount, and this is frequently toted as ''consumer protection''. But consider what this means for the business: they loose money for every credit transaction, and they're legally forbidden to do anything about it. So you're taking 3% from a business and handing it over to a massive cooperation.  To make matters worse, the buisness is inevitably going to have to raise their prices (albiet by a small amount), so in the end the average consumer has gained nothing. On the other hand, the credit card company wins big, and they use their profits to pay lobbyists and lawyers to keep these rules in place. To put in the worst possible light, it's essentially legal extortion, verging on corruption. As for the fraud protection offered, while it may be true that credit cards will offer a more hassle-free reimbursement (i.e. you just don't have to pay the bill) if your card is stolen, consumer protection laws also extend to debit: in many cases your bank is legally required to cut you a check for all the money you lost.
You're getting downvoted for telling the truth. Fuck that. Hillary lost. Trump did not bring millions of voters out of the woodwork. He won with only 2,000,000 more in the popular vote than Romney lost with.  The DNC missed a golden opportunity with Sanders, and it's as much their fault Trump is President as it is unthinking populist voters.   If the Dems had halfway supported Sanders and then pushed young voters to actually get out and vote for him, you'd have a different person in the Oval Office right now.  I'm no Democrat or socialist, but I'd much rather have Bernie than the Cheeto.
Yes, asset inflation is still inflation.   Economy = consumption + investment + government - net exports.   So you increase the money supply to the wealthy what happens? Not in increase in consumption, their basic needs are met so they invest it. Everyone invests their extra money, what happens? Price goes up for stock and real estate while the yield on those investments goes down. You have people buying really expensive assets with great leverage because their is no alternative. So inflation has increased, you are just to poor to notice it.   We also live on a deflationary world. Production increases while demand remains constant. So what happens? Price goes down and marginal companies go out of business. Leading to more consolidation, lower prices due to greater market share, more companies cannot compete and the cycle continues.   The only inflation comes from overseas, where you have growing economies. Here we have almost no population or wage growth, so that is deflationary .
CDS spreads represent the premium for insuring some specific bonds against a default (as defined by the ISDA). I'm not sure how you can arrive at the claim that they have little to do with the already issued debt itself, except if you were to assume that this debt is not quoted on any market. There is a direct relationship between the level of the CDS spreads and the price of debt.
"http://www.nytimes.com/2010/09/12/jobs/12search.html  ""Where you live and the cost of living there has only a small influence on that number, he added. (That may be a revelation to some Manhattanites.)""  I can't find the source I was talking about, but that's close. There's also what kewidogg said, people gravitate to places that make them happy."
If you are looking for that place in UK, on which you can trust and that's largest pharmacy  in the world. Now, you can get a chlamydia test at the affordable price at your home. We offer in every test of the body. As you know, the chlamydia test uses a sample of body fluid or urine to see whether chlamydia bacteria, it is present and causing an infection in our body. If you have ever tested positive. We have a large collection of medicines. We prescribe that you select our full home STI screen with the goal that we can recognize the real cause and treat you in like manner.
No way, other genres have obsessive fans as adults - fantasy and sci-fi come to mind although I think things like t-shirts, mugs etc would do well for most popular films, people just don't wanna take the risk I guess.   In Japan for example the anime industry lives off of obsessive (male, usually young adult) fans.
prob not the one with 22 years on the job though. Ive seen this a million times.  There always seems to be a Fran in the multitude of articles over the years about min wage or fight for 15 or unionization.  Its always some mom with 2+ kids that has been doing the same job or type for 10+ years. How can you not even be a fucking shift supervisor after 2? Manager after 5?  Because.......  They dont want that. See if Im just a dumb line worker I dont have to be responsible for jack shit. I clock in, I clock out. Done.   They might have to relocate or gasp experience change!
a quick summary of the paper's purpose, for those interested:  ECB uses a macroeconomic model to project stimulus measures on 1) households 2) firms 3) fiscal authority and 4) a monetary authority over the next 25 quarters (6 years beginning 2012)  it begins with the dynamics of households and firms: mainly, upon their interactions as consumers and suppliers, as well as various frictions that arise between countries - namely, labor and consumption rates. the monetary authority deals with basic applications i.e., the cost of money (bond issuance)  the fiscal authority is introduced for the purpose of gauging the effects of government intervention, and the correlations between the rates of government consumption (OMT) and houshold consumption (with the aim of stimulating the economy)
A competent Indian VA cost about 4-6 an hour. Realistically speaking, with that budget, nobody is going to be on the phone 8 hours a day 5 days a week. But small tasks and data entry could work. Western VAs are a much pricer but they you can find some for 200 a month. I have a biz that offers similar services, but the price you are looking for is a bit low, but I can work something out if your interested. Otherwise, it would be best to search for NYC based VA companies that have a team of indians working. But what you get is a luck of the draw.
The best office and business telephone systems offered by this company come with features such as telephony, instant messaging, video conferencing and data sharing, into a single robust IP platform. The services are really affordable and customer services are simply unmatched.
**Doping in Russia**  Doping in Russian sports is a significant issue. Russia has had the most (37) Olympic medals stripped for doping violations – four times the number of the second country. From 2011 to 2015, more than a thousand Russian competitors in various sports, including summer, winter, and Paralympic sports, benefited from a cover-up.  Media attention began growing in December 2014 when German broadcaster ARD reported on state-sponsored doping in Russia, comparing it to doping in East Germany.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24
Your plan won't work. Working 40 hours a week at federal minimum wage (currently $7.25 / hr) for 52 weeks is an annual income of just over $15,000. Even assuming you can reliably get a return of 15% (which you definitely can't), you'd need to start with $100,000 of assets to earn this poverty income. Assuming a more reasonable 7% bumps the required assets up to over $200,000, and even then you're dead the first time you need to make withdrawals after a mistake or after a major market downturn. As a fellow math Ph.D. student, I know your pain. I, too, struggled for a while with boredom in an earlier career, but it's possible to make it work. I think the secret is to find a job that's engaging enough that your mind can't wander too much at work, and set aside some hobby time to work on interesting projects. You likely have some marketable skills that can work for you outside of academia, if you look for them, to allow you to find an interesting job. I think there's not much you can do besides trying not to get fired from your next McJob until you can find something more interesting. There's no magic money-for-nothing in the stock market.
I can't speak for all business schools but only my personal experiences as a student and then working professional.   I graduated from a program ranked in the top 5 nationally and interviewed with several top companies (Intel, Ford, Sandisk, BP) right out of college before selecting the firm I began my career with.   As I've moved on to other jobs having this degree has definitely opened doors for me and landed me interviews I might not otherwise have gotten. Plus the program I was in was heavily focused on case studies which is far superior to just lectures and note taking.
Just look at what happened in California. They don't get tipped any less but the problem is that there then becomes this huge gap where people aren't incentivized to work any other mildly skilled to skilled job where tips are less often and/or not as high to non-existent such as becoming a nurse or a hairstylist or plumber or electrician.   So for instance where I live theres a huge shortage of people in a lot of jobs with low to mid skills and a gigantic surplus of waiters making minimum wage + tips (where CA forces restaurant minimum wage plus tips).  Not to mention CA has stepped process to make the minimum wage $15/hr and anything worked over 8 hours becomes OT. This makes working as a server lucrative as hell compared to many other positions.
There is no federal inheritance tax.  The federal estate tax, currently, exempts the first 5.49 million (US citizen spouses even avoid this).  Current law also does a stepped up basis on inherited assets which were bought with after tax money.  Example: Dad bought a house years ago for 100k.  He dies and leaves it to JJ along with other assets worth $100k (well below the federal estate tax level).  JJ sells the house for $400k which was its market value on the day dad died.  He gets to keep the entire $400k. Note: Current government wants to eliminate the estate tax AND the stepped up basis.  In above case, JJ will now have $300k gains on the house sale and will pay income tax on that!  He will end up with much less that $400k.
Should I use the profit to pay down student loans or just roll it into my next house in order to have a lower mortgage amount? Calculate the amount of interest in each scenario, where the two scenarios are: Use extra cash to pay down student loans, take out a full mortgage. Use extra cash to make a big down payment on the next house, keep paying down student loans at normal rate. In both scenarios the student loan rate will  stay the same. However in the second scenario you may get a lower interest rate from making a larger down payment. So then calculate the total interest resulting from each scenario: student loan rateXremaining student loan balance=student loan interest  new mortgage rateXnew mortgage balance=mortgage interest scenario 1 interest = student loan interest+mortgage interest student loan rateXstudent loan balance = student loan interest  new mortgage rate with large down paymentXnew mortgage balance after large down payment = mortgage interest scenario 2 interest = student loan interest+mortgage interest Whichever scenario's interest is lower will save money.
Most business credit cards do not report to the personal credit report unless the person pays the card late. Given that fact, any debt carried on these cards does not hurt the credit score if it is not reported. You can carry credit card debt on these cards without hurting your credit score. Just apply for business credit cards now to start building this segment of your credit.
Depending on the state this might not be possible. Loans are considered contracts, and various states regulate how minors may enter into them. For example, in the state of Oregon, a minor may NOT enter into a contract without their parent being on the contract as well. So you are forced to wait until you turn 18. At that time you won't have a credit history, and to lenders that often is worse than having bad credit. I can't help with the car (other than to recommend you buy a junker for $500-$1,000 and just live with it for now), but you could certainly get a secured credit card or line of credit from your local bank. The way they are arranged is, you make a deposit of an amount of your choosing (generally at least $200 for credit cards, and $1,000 for lines of credit), and receive a revolving line with a limit of that same amount. As you use and pay on this loan, it will be reported in your credit history. If you start that now, by the time you turn 18 you will have much better options for purchasing vehicles.
The conventional wisdom is that there has been little inflation which seems weird to me because it was only about ten years ago that a typical coke machine took coins and charged about 50 cents, a loaf of bread could be had for 35 cents at Aldi and gas was about $1.50 per gallon. I'm 43 and the cost for just about everything has about tripled since I was a kid. Minimum wage was $3.15 when I was a teenager. Now it's $7.25 The other day I got a bottle of Pepsi at Dunkin Donuts and the cashier didn't even blink when she told me it was $2.08
There is no universal answer here; it depends on how much risk each person is taking, how you want to define the value of the business now and in the future, how much each person's contribution is essential to creating and sustaining the business, how hard it would be to get those resources elsewhere and what they would cost... What is fair is whatever you folks agree is fair. Just make sure to get it nailed down in writing and signed by all the parties, so you don't risk someone changing their minds later.
Real Estate potentially has two components of profit, the increase in value, and the ongoing returns, similar to a stock appreciating and its dividends.   It's possible to buy both badly, and in the case of stocks, there are studies that show the typical investor lags the market by many percent.  Real estate is not a homogeneous asset class. A $200K house renting for $1,000 is a far different investment than a $100K 3 family renting for $2,000 total rents. Both exist depending on the part of the country you are in.  If you simply divide the price to the rent you get either 16.7X or 4.2X. This is an oversimplification, and of course, interest rates will push these numbers in one direction or another. It's safe to say that at any given time, the ratio can help determine if home prices are too high, a bargain, or somewhere in between.  As one article suggests, the median price tracks inflation pretty closely. And I'd add, that median home prices would track median income long term.  To circle back, yes, real estate can be a good investment if you buy right, find good tenants, and are willing to put in the time.  Note: Buying to rent and buying to live in are not always the same economic decision. The home buyer will very often buy a larger house than they should, and turn their own 'profit' into a loss. e.g. A buyer who would otherwise be advised to buy the $150K house instead of renting is talked into a bigger house by the real estate agent, the bank, the spouse. The extra cost of the $225K house is the 1/3 more cost of repair, utilities, interest, etc. It's identical to needing a 1000 sq ft apartment, but grabbing one that's 1500 sq ft for the view.
"This might sound harsh, but the first thing I would suggest is to stop making excuses.  I wasn't able to continue due to pressure from college and family The college I went to was horrible. Employers can very easily hire foreign work-force for   very cheap; for example as a citizen if I work $10 an hour, they can   get someone from outside to work for $5 per hour There's no guarantee that the project will succeed. I cannot really work and at the same time develop software on my free   time.  Despite my failures in the past, I was not the main person that's   responsible for those failures. Even if all of this is true, it's not helping you move forward and it seems to be getting in the way of creating a good action plan and motivating yourself to succeed. If you believe (based on past experiences) that you are doomed to fail, then you are indeed doomed to fail. You need to take a step back and re-evaluate your current circumstances and what you can do to reach your goals. You have a couple of things working in your favor here. It's great that you are debt free. That already puts you ahead of a lot of your peers.  You have the option of living with your parents. Presumably for no rent, or at least much lower rent than you would have to pay if you move out. This is worth literally thousands of $/£/€ for every year you stay. Now, onto your questions: 1) Should I quit regular programming for a normal job because I never monetized programming so I can move out of my parents' home? Are you being paid for this ""regular programming""? If so, are you being paid more than minimum wage? If not, it's perfectly acceptable to consider alternative ways to spend your time and generate income. However, this doesn't have to be at the expense of living with your parents. Have you thought about getting a new or second job while still living with them? If you absolutely must move out of your parent's home, consider renting a room in a house with other people to keep the rent costs to a minimum. That way, even if your main job is low paying, you should be able to put aside some money each month for future endeavors.  2) Should I monetize programming and gamble with the future? What does this mean? Are you thinking you'll write a mobile app and sell thousands of copies for 99¢ each? That would indeed be a big gamble, but maybe that's not what you meant, so you'll need to clarify. 3) Would it be wise to essentially quit programming for the sake of a minimum wage job? I'm not sure how this is different from question 1. So I'll reiterate what I said there - moving out is going to be expensive. You can still do it, but you're asking on a Personal Finance site where the focus is usually how to minimize living costs and maximize income. Without knowing more about where you live (employment opportunities, cost of living) the default recommendation is usually to save money by staying in your parents house. TLDR: Don't focus on anyone else. They are not preventing you from getting the job you want. Look at your own skills and qualifications (not just programming, consider all of your abilities). What are you good at? Who might need those skills? What is the cost of reaching those people (commute time, moving nearer)? What is the reward? If the reward exceeds the cost, start approaching those people. Show them what you can do."
Most penny stocks go to zero because most businesses fail.  You stated in your original post that you were wondering specifically about companies with no assets. These are exactly the kind that fail and go to zero.  There are many holes within the regulatory structure that allow for many accounting tricks in penny stock land. And even in areas that are adequately regulated, there will be few to no remedies for the optimistic penny stock shareholder speculator.
"I like it... maybe a little fixed gambling via those new ""slot"" machines that are a cross between video games and just-keep-pumpin'-those-quarters.  Mandatory line dance on the bar every hour by the comely servers.  Hot but not so hot you can't park grandma for the evening.    I'm all for a true celebration of Americana and local roots and the whole idea in the abstract is not bad at all... but I will be surprised if they can pull together the right talent while sidestepping politics at the same time.  More than likely it will end up as Applebees the Hotel."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-opec-oil-shale-analysis-idUSKBN18M1Q4) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The history of the relationship between OPEC and the U.S. shale oil industry has evolved a great deal since the cartel discovered it had a surprise rival emerging in a core market for its oil around five years ago.  &gt; WARNING FOR SHALE. By the same token, some U.S. shale leaders may also want a better insight into OPEC thinking and help OPEC understand that shale is not a flash in the pan.  &gt; &amp;quot;OPEC looks at shale and it scoffs,&amp;quot; said Dave Purcell of Tudor, Pickering, Holt &amp; Co, a U.S. shale investment bank that attended the OPEC meeting for the first time.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6el278/opec_continues_to_underestimate_the_invisible_hand/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~133771 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **OPEC**^#1 **shale**^#2 **oil**^#3 **U.S.**^#4 **minister**^#5"
There are lots of things that can be graphed apart from financial data. Like flight data, for example. With the level of detail visible in the pics on that site, what reason is there to conclude that's market data? Interesting theory tho.
My question is what is the average income of those people who are driving into the core of the city for work. I am assuming that they probably make a much larger salary than $1.1k, though they are still getting screwed on transportation.
With reference to the UK: Structured deposits should not be confused with structured products.  Structured deposits are often, quite simple deposit accounts. You place your money into what is essentially a deposit account, and are therefore guaranteed not to lose your capital as with any other deposit account. The attraction is that you could earn more than you would in a normal deposit account, often around double, due to indirect exposure to the markets. Another benefit is that structured deposits can form part of your annual cash ISA allowance, so the returns can be tax free. These products are popular with those who have savings which they are happy to deposit away for between 3 and 6 years, and are looking for better rates of return than standard cash ISAs or savings accounts. The main drawback is that you may not receive anything other than your original deposit. That poses a minimal risk if your savings are earning less than 1% currently.  See my article at financialandrew.blogspot.co.uk/2013/03/fed-up-with-low-returns-from-cash-isas.html for a more rounded overview of the structured deposits.
"I simply wrote my bank an email and said, ""I want to handle my own escrow"".  They said, ""fine"" and even let me set up a third account called ""escrow"" (savings and checking being the other two)  that I just transfer money into whenever I want.  But, I don't actually know what their requirements are for doing that. I have a ton of equity in the house, and I never missed a payment, AND I have direct deposit at that institution.  So, it can be done."
The minimum wage in Portugal is around 550€. A one-bedroom apartment anywhere close to the center of Lisbon should be on average 600€. Most people on minimum wage have to go to the outskirts of Lisbon or close cities. Although the prices on the houses have gone a lot these past 10 years.
has very little idea about how much we earn and how high up we are in terms of income percentile. The first part of this sentence is tough to understand. My daughter was 12 when she told us what she estimated our income to be. She looked up the price of our home, worked backwards using conservative numbers, and was pretty close. Here you are saying your wife doesn't know the family income?  Percentiles are meaningless. There are $60k couples who donate 10%, and there are $300k earners who are not charitable at all, and don't even save.  It's time to have a general budget conversation with her. Perhaps starting with the rate of savings, and show how there's room for charity. If your charitable desire is based on a religious compulsion, share that as well, the 10% is what many feel commanded to share by their maker, and feel that it comes off the top regardless of their income level.  In reality, this issue is not financial, it's about open dialog between 2 people. Money is difficult for some to discuss, but you need to start somewhere.
Do not take the cash! You might be able to leave the money with the large company.  Ask the HR people at the company.  If you are satisfied with their work, no sense leaving if you don't have to.  I have coworkers that have 401K all over from all the buyouts the company went through. If you don't want to leave it behind, do a rollover into your own account with a low cost carrier.  (Vanguard, Fidelity and Charles Schwab are popular)  Whoever you choose for your own account can help you rollover the funds without penalty.  (Schwab helped me over the phone, it was pretty simple) More about rolling over a Roth 401K
"Yeah but a lot of people wont see it that way. Most will read the headline Burger King to avoid US taxes and then wonder why BK isnt pulling their weight when they do business inside the US.   Look at what happened when Walgreens tried this [Source](http://crooksandliars.com/2014/08/walgreens-wont-leave-usa-avoid-taxes) It didnt go over so well. Made them look unAmerican. I hate using that word but that is what it looks like.""the bulletin reported that Walgreens has decided not to “invert” the company’s nationality to become a Swiss company"" I have no idea if this will happen to BK."
"Thank you for some specific issues, from a former member.   I see the company I work at making similar motions, hopefully I can start saying things like ""look, here is how that played out at GE""  Currently I'm trying to push the idea of RACI here so we'll see if we can't actually start an improvement.   Edit: and not in response to you, but it's amazing how much push back I got from the generic ""blame the execs"" crowd. Large org are different from family businesses. It seems like people feel it's like running a coffee shop."
I agree with George.  I'll also add that you have to think about the cost of melting the coins for their raw materials.  Not exactly free in terms of equipment, facilities and energy costs.
WE're talking about companies. Cooperate companies.  What cooperate company is issuing bounced or fake checks to their employees that can also issue debit cards as payments? None.   You're trying to split hairs between personal cashed checks and pay roll checks. They aren't the same at all. Payroll checks don't require a 3 day waiting period before the balance is moved to your account, personal checks that don't have a history of bouncing do.
&gt; A CFA is getting common but it might help - it probably won't hurt at least.  MS and MBA's are dime a dozen compared to CFA's.  If you want to move into trading/research/port mgmt, a CFA is as desired (and allows better networking opportunities via CFA societies) than a MS.  Other than that, I will second the majority of what you said.
A company would diversify in their investment activities. When a company begins acquiring other companies in vastly different industries, that is grounds for steering toward being a conglomerate. Amazon is not there yet bc the whole foods deal can mesh with their food e-commerce agenda, but Facebook and Google are def grounds at this point. And I 100% agree with you that tech is tightening, but also with crazy valuations. You are what the market says you are but some of these valuations are  a little questionable AKA Snapchat lol
Already did yesterday, to avoid the rush and holiday downtime. Received my email confirmations this morning, transfers in progress. I had just purchased this last one a wee bit over 2 months ago, so it was basically brand new. Also spread the word to other sites and web developers to make more people aware. As soon as transfers are complete, will send my email as to why they lost my business. Didnt want them to spit in my soup, so to speak.
When coming to that conclusion, you only consider half of the facts. Yes, all money is debt.  But what you miss is that there are other values and assets out there, not just money. These actually match each other to some degree. If the value of all these other assets grow at the same pace as the money supply, then there will be a balance.  If one grows faster than the other, there will be inflation or deflation. At least there should be, which is the problem not understood.
Simply transferring money you own from overseas to Canada will not mean you need to pay tax on it. However if you sell property at a profit - I.e. sell it for more than you paid for it - you may have to pay tax on any gains. This is true whether or not you transfer the money to Canada. Calculating the amount is quite complicated. You might consider getting a tax expert.
And that is only if you start at Full Time, which is next to impossible. In a lot of cases, it can take employees 5-10 years to even get in a full time spot, especially in an older store where nobody leaves.
As someone who has followed the world of beer (and wine) internationally for over two decades, I will argue with anyone that Vermont's Hill Farmstead is the best brewery operating anywhere in the world right now. I don't use the word lightly, but Shaun Hill is genuinely a genius when it comes to brewing.   Vermont also has The Alchemist (which makes Heady Topper, my pick for the best DIPA in the world) and Lawson's Finest Liquids.
Well, he can prove that that hiring manager asked the questions by testifying that he did.  Sure, the company may counter the testimony if the hiring manager testifies that he did not ask the questions.  Then, its up to the jury to decide whether to believe the plaintiff or the hiring manager.  But, that's not an impossibility, that's a difficulty.
Options are a derivative product, and in this case, derive their value from an underlying security, a traded stock. An option gives you the right, but not the obligation, to buy a stock at a given price (the strike price) by a given time (the expiration date.) What I just described is a call option. The opposite instrument is a put, giving you the right, but not the obligation, to sell the stock at a given price.  Volumes have been written on the subject, but I'd suggest that for a custodial Roth, I'd not activate the ability to trade options.  How to get started with options investing? offers a nice introduction to trading options. In my response, I offer an example of a trade that's actually less risky due to the option component.
That’s exactly what many countries do, even going to far as to bake the data they want into their structure. Not doing well in middle school? Time to ship you off to trade school so you don’t take the standardized tests. I’m not saying that’s why they do it, I’m saying countries like Germany artificially look better than reality suggests.
A 401k is pretty good, but it's not magic. Personally, I'd consider a 30k salary with a 401k and a 2k employer match less valuable than a 36k salary, let alone a 48k salary. If worried about retirement savings simply set up that IRA and put in the full 5.5k allowance.
So much bullshit in this article:  &gt;In fact, libertarian writer Charles Murray once estimated that providing all unincarcerated Americans over the age of 21 with a **monthly check for $13,000** ($3,000 of which would fund their healthcare) would not only be sufficient enough to provide for their basic needs and help raise the poorest among them above the poverty line, but would also be less expensive than our current welfare state, which includes agricultural and corporate subsidies.  There are 325 million americans. 73% are over 21, so that leaves 237 million. About 1% of adults are incarcerated, so were left with about 235 million. If you gave each one $13,000 that would cost $3 trillion. Or basically the entire federal budget. But wait, that's a *per month* figure. Per annum, that would cost $36 trillion.  Please quit shit posting this UBI and do your fucking math homework.
I would imagine that as a holder you will receive information in the post when it's made public, but I don't think it's been decided yet. This thread on the Motley Fool boards is keeping an eye on them - you might want to keep an eye on the thread.
I did some research and I found a very interesting article that had exactly my case as an example ( person has an undergrad from a nice University in the relative field and wants to do a masters to get a job in a high tech company). Here is the source. Consider “Susan:” She has an undergraduate degree from the University   of Washington in Computer Science, and is considering applying to a   master’s program at UW or an equivalent program. She’s hoping   afterwards to land a job at a top tech company. So far, she’s only   been able to get jobs with startups and smaller-name companies. A master’s degree probably wouldn’t make sense for Susan. It might   help her to land a job at a top tech company, but she could also do   that by working at a startup for a year or two and spending some time   developing her skill set through personal projects. If she did it that   way, she’d probably be a lot richer in the end.
"I can see apprenticeships making a comeback.  I know of very few apprenticeships these days (I'm guessing most of them were replaced way back with certifications?)  The most obvious one is Tattoo artists.   To actually work at a tattoo place of business (not a dingy house basement), you must serve for a year under someone who is a legitimate, experienced tattoo artist.  You will make half of what the tattoo is priced and the person getting the tattoo is well-informed of who is doing the tattoo. Sometimes they get a discount because of it.   After a year, you are certified, and can begin working by yourself and setting your own rates, with a portion going to the business (you usually ""rent"" a room in a tattoo shop).   I'm sure these standards vary depending on where you are, but with economics turning the way they are, I think apprenticeships can cover some of the downturn we are experiencing. I'm not sure how much it would cover, but it would cover something, however small.  It also weeds out any dabblers who aren't serious and might otherwise produce terrible results."
"You need to contact the institution that is holding your current account, have them sell your fund investment, and then close your account and send you a check for the balance. Then you can open an account directly with Vanguard (or call 800-319-4254). You don't need an account with an online broker unless you want to be able to invest in funds outside the Vanguard family. Fees will depend on the institution that you are currently using and the fund. With some funds you have to pay a ""load"" (percentage of your assets, in the neighborhood of a couple of percent) when you redeem shares. Your institution may charge you a fee for redeeming the fund (anywhere from $0/free to maybe $40 or higher). Some institutions will charge a fee for closing the account. (I've seen anything from $0/free to $40, but I haven't looked around in a while.) As MrChrister points out in a comment below, this is not the best method for an IRA. In that case, you'd want to make a transfer, and I'd recommend calling both your current institution and Vanguard (or wherever you end up transferring funds to) for forms and instructions on how best to do it."
People have asked a lot of good questions about your broader situation, tolerance for risk, etc, but I'm going to say the one-size-fits-most answer is: split some of your monthly savings (half?) into the VEU Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF and some into VTI Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF. This can be as automatic and hassle-free as the money market deposit and gives a possibility of getting a better return, with low costs and low avoidable risk.
&gt; Amazon yet to show any real issues in handling loads of traffic all at once.   I've seen Amazon falter due to high demand before.  Last major event I was aware of was the HP Touchpad fire sale, all but took down their site for an hour-ish.
Russia current account.  https://tradingeconomics.com/russia/current-account  US current account  https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/current-account  Russia balance of trade  https://tradingeconomics.com/russia/balance-of-trade  US balance of trade  https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/balance-of-trade  Forex reserve by country  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_foreign-exchange_reserves  List of country by oil import size.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_oil_imports  .  If I have to make a wild guess, country with huge deficit everything and no saving usually sinks faster in time of crisis.
Don't know the name but it means you're long with conviction :P  Unlimited gains, maximum loss of 95$  + (8-6) = 97$.  Basically You are long @ 107  - -2 from 105 to 95.  You would have to be ULTRA bullish to initiate this strategy.
What source said the Fed considers them retired? And you know $2 trillion of that is mortgage backed securities. No one seems to have told the homeowners their mortgages are forgiven as I haven't seen the block parties for that.
"Now today I received another refund in the same amount for the same property. What can legally happen if I cash it? Legally the money is not yours. The best course for you is to return the check via certified mail, notifying them that you were already paid. Just because someone made an error, does not mean the money belongs to you. If you don't and rather cash the check; sooner or later depending on the amount, it would be found out by the company as part of reconciliation/audit; they will/can then demand the same back from you.  It is up to the company to decide if simply refund is sufficient; or refund plus some interest or start a legal proceeding against you as ""intentional theft""."
Supplier prints are a huge challenge. Every revision release is a pain in the ass and like you said you have no idea what their process capabilities or tooling constraints are. We pretty much only use them for commoditized parts where just about any supplier can make it the same exact way.   Boeing did a bad job of supplier development. I'm sure the Apollo purchasing group didn't just wait for parts to hit the dock before finding out that they were nonconforming. A lot of times these problems are more of a cultural issue than a technical shortcoming.
Their argument is mostly nonsense. Take someone like Tim Cook, CEO of Apple. He has a not very large salary, and makes a lot more money through stock bonuses. You would never, ever expect him to buy Apple shares. And assuming that he doesn't want to end up one day as the richest man in the cemetery, you would expect him to sell significant numbers of shares, independent on whether he expects Apple to go up or down.
"***JamieJBartlett***:  &gt;&amp;#91;2012/10/22&amp;#93;&amp;#91;17:30:33&amp;#93;  &gt;[&amp;#91;Translate&amp;#93;](http://translate.google.com/#auto|auto|At 34,798 words, PayPal%27s terms and conditions are 4,000 words longer than Hamlet. %22Brevity is the soul of wit%22. %28Act II, scene II%29 'google translate this tweet'): At 34,798 words, PayPal's terms and conditions are 4,000 words longer than Hamlet. ""Brevity is the soul of wit"". &amp;#40;Act II, scene II&amp;#41;  [&amp;#91;This comment was posted by a bot&amp;#93;&amp;#91;FAQ&amp;#93;](http://www.reddit.com/r/tweet_poster/faq 'tweet_poster')[&amp;#91;Did I get it wrong?&amp;#93;](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweet_poster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=[Oops!](http://reddit.com/r/business/comments/11wkuv\)%0d%0dPlease leave the subject and this link unaltered, but feel free to add a description here. 'report an error')"
Is it standard for a bank to need the cheque to cancel it? (what about if it was intercepted, surely you can cancel before you're plundered?) Generally it makes life easy for the Bank. They can physically see the cheque and are assured that it has not been cashed.  Bank can put a hold / stop on the cheque. However given today's Banking it is complex with multiple systems and specially with international clearing taking months ... the cheque could have been cashed and the Bank that issued may only get to know about it month later. Is there any way to bypass this? Best is for your friend to correspond in writing. The rejection email from your Bank should also go into the communication. And follow-ups every 15 days all in writing. Generally after tons of follow-up Banks would pay it off.
Conceptually, yes, you need to worry about it.  As a practical matter, it's less likely to be exercised until expiry or shortly prior. The way to think about paying a European option is: [Odds of paying out] = [odds that strike is in the money at expiry] Whereas the American option can be thought of as: [Odds of paying out] = [odds that strike price is in the money at expiry] + ( [odds that strike price is in the money prior to expiry] * [odds that other party will exercise early] ). This is just a heuristic, not a formal financial tool.  But the point is that you need to consider the odds that it will go into the money early, for how long (maybe over multiple periods), and how likely the counterparty is to exercise early. Important considerations for whether they will exercise early are the strategy of the other side (long, straddle, quick turnaround), the length of time the option is in the money early, and the anticipated future movement. A quick buck strategy might exercise immediately before the stock turns around.  But that could leave further gains on the table, so it's usually best to wait unless the expectation is that the stock will quickly reverse its movement.  This sort of counter-market strategy is generally unlikely from someone who bought the option at a certain strike, and is equivalent to betting against their original purchase of the option.  So most of these people will wait because they expect the possibility of a bigger payoff. A long strategy is usually in no hurry to exercise, and in fact they would prefer to wait until the end to hold the time value of the option (the choice to get out of the option, if it goes back to being unprofitable).  So it usually makes little sense for these people to exercise early.  The same goes for a straddle, if someone is buying an option for insurance or to economically exit a position. So you're really just concerned that people will exercise early and forgo the time value of the American option.  That may include people who really want to close a position, take their money, and move on.  In some cases, it may include people who have become overextended or need liquidity, so they close positions.  But for the most part, it's less likely to happen until the expiration approaches because it leaves potential value on the table.  The time value of an option dwindles at the end because the implicit option becomes less likely, especially if the option is fairly deep in the money (the implicit option is then fairly deep out of the money). So early exercise becomes more meaningful concern as the expiration approaches.  Otherwise, it's usually less worrisome but more than a nonzero proposition.
I think that *all* Washington Post articles that mention Amazon or Bezos include that ownership disclosure statement - it's form, no particular significance here.   That said, I agree with you on both points:   &gt; I am leaning more towards the belief that Amazon registered for the patent to keep other competitors from using such a system  &gt; this is a very ominous and scary technological innovation  I love innovation, but it's not always *used* well. This patent describes a bad use: spying on someone's communications to gain an economic advantage over them.   (In the sense that if you are effectively discouraged from comparison shopping and pay a higher price than you would otherwise, they are advantaged to your detriment - potentially even without your knowledge.)
Generally Google gets their data,  directly from the exchanges (Nasdaq, NYSE). This is really expensive   -- tens of thousands of dollars a month just for the license from the exchange, and lots of telecom costs on top of that.
I think you take some pretty big liberties assuming I think people deserve failure. If you assume I think that, please note that this speaks more to how you view people who are not wealthy than I do.  That aside, I think you're using lucky in a way that most people do not in this instance.  Is it lucky to eventually achieve a reasonable goal with decades of consistency? Sure, in the ways that I mentioned - nuclear war didn't break out, no fatal traffic accidents happened, etc.  Do you think that is what people usually mean when they say people who have more money are just lucky? Or do you think they use the term lucky to mean there is no merit basis for the difference?  Side note - I'm not saying everyone with money has it because of merit any more than I am saying everyone without money deserves to be broke. If anything, I'm disagreeing with the semantics used to discuss wealth and income disparity, partly because it is divisive.
I have had more than 1 co-worker tell me that they were right because they were 40-50 and because I am younger, I was wrong.  One guy in my office, and another was a VP in corporate headquarters. Got to love the tyrannical logic of higher age = correct.
Business mentors ensure viability through holistic assistive orientations for startups in deliberates on the significance of startup advisor services by business consultant firms.They guide the new ventures by helping them adopt the best practices and avoid the bad decisions.For More Info:- http://www.startupmentor.co.in/
Thanks for the post, these are good insights.  I've found most of my personal success looking for work by way of the burgeoning technical recruiter industry - they know a bit more than an HR 'bot', either mechanical or human (haha), about the reality of technical requirements for a job and are able to find you if you just know where to place yourself.  Getting solicited for a job by way of your LinkedIn profile is a much easier way of finding work than the futile carpet-bombing of large corporate HR machines, no doubt.
While others have made a good case for how you may want to save and spend I just want to take a moment to comment on Acorn and Robinhood.  Having never used either of them, I would stick to the seasoned professionals for my long term investment relationship. I'm sure they have the right licensing and proper SIPC coverage etc, but I wouldn't, personally, trust my money to an entity that's almost entirely funded by venture capital.  I would stick to a company that exists and is profitable on it's own.  All of the major brokerage houses (Vanguard, Schwab, ETrade, Scottrade, etc) in the US give account holders access to a list of ETFs and Mutual Funds with zero load on deposits, no or low minimum account balances, no or low investment minimums, and no commissions.  With access to these no cost options, I wouldn't waste time with an entity that exists because of it's investor fund raising abilities.
In the US, a surviving family member that inherits the entire property may also assume the mortgage.  If the new mortgagee fails to uphold the terms of the mortgage (i.e. make timely payments), the mortgagor can begin foreclosure proceedings.  There is generally no requirement to pay off the mortgage quickly. This is obviously the simple case where one person inherits the entire property. If the estate is split and no one person inherits the house, or if the house is left to a non-relative, things get more complicated.  Effectively in that case the house is either sold to pay off the mortgage or the inheritor needs to take out a new mortgage to pay off the old one.
I'd recommend LinkedIn instead for this purpose. I'm an admin for a business page on both platforms and in the US, Facebook is highly competitive paying little attention to group affiliates, more focused on consumers or prospects. You are lucky to even get a like from a vendor. LinkedIn however has groups directly associating B2B.
Were capital gains taxes not lower, companies would have an incentive to minimize the portion of the value they create that materializes as capital gains. They would do this by using more debt financing (since interest is deductible) than equity financing. This would have a destabilizing effect on the economy. Low capital gains taxes help encourage investment over spending. This is believed to improve economic growth. Given these factors, it is generally believed that the current capital gains tax rate is very close to the optimal rate. That is, a higher tax rate would not result in greater tax revenue. Bluntly, a higher income tax rate on earned income does not really discourage people from working harder and earning more money. But a higher rate on capital gains does discourage investment. Essentially, it's because investment is more discretionary.
Why is this comment downvoted? Guy might be new to finance and asked a legitimate question. No need to be just as cancerous as gaming subreddits are, I thought I could expect a mature audience here. Instead I see that a whole bunch of you are elitist jerks.
"&gt;If there aren't enough seats in the classrooms, some people will be left without the college education they want, no matter how the financing is provided.  I'll grant you this, but we can always produce more classrooms.  Let's use your loan example. If I take out a college loan it represents the value of some other asset, and the lender's belief that I will later be able to compensate the lender for giving up that asset.  Just as we could price the value of the hunter's demise, we can price the value of a student's failure or success. If the student has delivered in the past (good grades, high productivity), then we can reliably price the cost of her college education.   In a very real way, she has ""created"" her own seat in the classroom right now by promising to pay for it in the future. And we can rely on this promise on the basis of her past performance. I won't get into whether this is reliable or even desirable.  Just as we priced the value of the hunter's non-performance/demise, we can price the student's non-performance/default. We can build this into the cost of the loan, or spread the cost out among all the other loans we give."
Silly Investors . . .  Goldmans strategy is to place people in the [Treasury, the Fed and the Sec](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-sec-cohen/sec-taps-goldman-executive-as-senior-policy-advisor-idUSKCN1BC5CP)  and then fuck everybody in the Ass  Everywhere you look its Goldman . .I think North Korea ought to Target Goldman and Kim would be a hero for rescuing the American people from generations of debt and slavery  Kim!!! Kim!! Kim!!  save us . .we are on food stamps
"Hah!  Edit: to elaborate, markets are closed. Unless your firm made a bunch of moves before EOD Friday, there's very little they can do to avoid the bloodshed (if there is any after the vote on Sunday) come Monday morning. Not to mention most 401k funds have contractual limits placed on them in terms of how much they can do in terms of buy/sell actions in a given window of time - usually that's a good protection, however in ""outlier"" occurrences it's a really, really bad thing.  Now, if you're in it for the long haul (in your 20s-early 30s) it's no big deal (yes, you'd be better off in a panic if you divested, but short-term drops are somewhat built into the long-term model). If you're about to retire I'd be really, really nervous."
Hotel Mini Punjab near Choudhary Cranes Farmagudi Goa India, Enjoy Family fun, business and leisure Stay Goa, Laundry facility, bar &amp;amp; Pub, best on-site restaurant with indoor and outdoor(lawn) sitting near vithal Nivas Goa, Lodging &amp;amp; Boardings Facilities near Ridhi plaza Goa, modern rooms Booking Goa
You should check out existing resources like Investopedia for definitions, and ask questions if there is something you do not understand, instead of asking folks to spit out definitions. A good book for you to read might be Wall Street Words
I wish congress would consider just adding a lower cost, government managed option by perhaps allowing some to buy into medicare instead of being forced to purchase from a for-profit company.   Also, the government needs to be allowed to put a lid of drug prices for change the law requiring them to simply pay whatever price anyone can dream up.
"diamonds are intrinsically worthless this is simply wrong. (1) Diamonds that are sold for anything less than, oh, let's say $5000 at original retail - are indeed utterly, totally, completely worthless. It is simply ""one of the great scams"". Their real ""price"" is maybe ""five bucks"". End of story. There is no secondary market.  Literally - ""end of story"". If you buy a ""diamond"" lol for ""$2000"" to impress your loved one, you can not then ""sell it"" for any amount of money.  It is: worthless. Once again: simple, undeniable fact. the diamond you bought for 2 grand cannot be resold. Ir's worthless. (OK, maybe you can get 100 bucks for it, something like that. Or, you can scam someone clueless, and get 200 bucks.) (2) However actual ""investment"" stones do in fact have a value - if somewhat fragile. Example, a few years ago I sold a stone for 30 thousand. That was a ""real"" price and it was quite liquid - I was within days able to find a buyer. (A dealer - he would have then sold it on for 35 or whatever.) I have never dealt in stones over six figures, but I'm fairly certain those are ""real"" valuable objects: just like paintings by name artists. (However: yes, the line between ""laughable diamonds"" and actual investment stones, is indeed moving ever upwards.) (Note - the ""elephant in the room"" with diamonds is that GE's industrial process for simply making utterly flawless diamonds, starting with carbon, is getting better every decade.) (A second overwheleming point that nobody has mentioned: diamonds get beat-up.  Regarding ""engagement ring diamonds"", a used one is exactly as useless as a used car.  It's crap.  Just as with $200,000 picassos, this concept does not apply to ""actual investment stones"".) Note that many of the comments/arguments on this page are very confused because: people are not distinguishing between the (ROFL) ""engagement ring scam market"" and the rarefied ""investment gem market"". The two things are utterly different. Yes, ""engagement ring diamonds"" are an utter scam, and are simply: ""worthless"".  The fundamental, basic, overwhelming scam in today's business/social universe is: ""engagement diamonds"". Yes, the price is only due to marketing/monopolies etc. Elephant in the room A: GE's technology can - end of story - manufacture diamonds.  (Starting with ""pencil leads"".)  End of story.  It's all over. Elephant in the room B: folks forget that diamonds get beat-up, they are just like used cars. Regarding ""engagement-ring diamonds"", nobody has ever, or will ever, bought a used one. Simple, utterly undeniable fact: regarding ""engagement ring diamonds"". they have: zero value.  You cannot resell them. End of story. If you buy a house, you can resell it. If you buy a car, you can resell it (at a spectacular loss). If you buy a picasso, you can resell it (almost always making a huge profit). If you buy an ""engagement ring diamond"", it is worth: nothing. Zero. Nada. strictly regarding investment stones, which is a distinctly utterly different market.  This market has no connection, in any way, at all, even vaguely, it is utterly unrelated, to ""engagement ring diamonds"".  You can in fact buy and sell these items - very much like say ""art"" or ""mid century antiques"", and make money. This market just has utterly no connection to the whole ""engagement ring diamonds"" scam system. Say you buy wine at the supermarket, for 5 to 100 bucks a bottle. If you think that the ""wine"" thus bought, has a secondary market, or you can invest in it or something: you have lost your mind. In total contrast: Yes, although totally flakey, there is indeed an ""investment wine market"" which is real and reasonable. I for example have made some money in that. (I have a great anecdote even - I had one cellar of wine in burgundy, which could have been sold for, say, 30 grand - but we drank it  :)  ) Again, the (somewhat bizarre) actual market in investment wine, just has to ""buying wine in the supermarket"".  To further the analogy: wine prices in the supermarket / your (ROFL) wine dealer, from 5 to 100 bucks, are just: utterly laughable. Utterly. Laughable. Much as folks sit around, and decide on ""label designs"", they sit around, and decide on ""price points"". There is, utterly, no difference between $5 and $100 grape juice rofl ""wine"". The price difference is simply a marketing decision: at best, you can think of it as a Velbin good. ... exactly the same applies to ""engagement ring diamonds""."
Check Buxfer here are the details about the API: http://www.buxfer.com/help.php?topic=API
Well they way I see it, if there were no Taxes and nobody had to pay taxes, that would be a fair argument, but it seems we have to pay taxes because the rich and powerful feel that the country they live in should be nice and pretty and safe, and should have education and medical care.  I totally and whole wholeheartedly agree, provided they pay proper taxes and not try and steal my money.
In my IRA I try to find stocks that are in growing sectors but have are undervalued by traditional metrics like PE or book value; I make sure that they have lower debt levels than their peers, are profitable, and at least have comparable margins.   I started trading options to make better returns off of indices or etfs. It seems overlooked but it's pretty good, in another thread I was telling someone about my strategy buy applying it to thier portfolio: https://www.reddit.com/r/options/comments/77bt17/ive_been_trading_stocks_for_a_year_and_am/dolydu8/?context=3  I double checked, I told him/her I would buy the DIA Jan 19 2018 call 225 for 795. 8 days later it's trading for 1085. Nearly 50% in a week. It'll never be 300% earnings returns, but I'm happy to take it slow.   Shorting is a very different animal it takes a lot to get things right.
The fact that you want to look for a home within the next 2 years (and the lack of 401(k) match) leads me to suggest saving for the house as top priority. A VA loan for that purchase. The VA loan has a very low up front fee, but a new home is always going to come with expenses that can add up. Better to have as much liquidity as you can. If you have a lot of cash after the move in and furnishings, it won't be tough to choose a high savings rate to jump start the retirement plan. Thank you for your service.
Im not sure if this still holds true but when i asked my dad the same question years ago he said Aldis pays for everything up front no debt therefore they are able to get a better price since the money is guaranteed
REally, don't let this ruin your traveling to the usa.  I fucking hate the tsa thugs, but one thing about them is that you can actually refuse to go through the porn scanner, and then they will do the pat down, but the pat down is really nothing; Try that shit in London and you'll probably be banned from boarding the plane.  Also, it helps to strike up a conversation with the TSA thug who is doing the pat down.  I've been chosen a few times and I start the ordeal with, 'having a rough day'? And really, it hasn't been bad at all.  Yes, pain in the ass, but you shouldn't let that stop from visiting the USA.
"An answer can be found in my book, ""A Modern Approach to Graham and Dodd Investing,"" p. 89 http://www.amazon.com/Modern-Approach-Graham-Investing-Finance/dp/0471584150/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1321628992&sr=1-1 ""If a company has no sustained cash flow over time, it has no value...If a company has positive cash flow but economic earnings are zero or less, it has a value less than book value and is a wasting asset. There is enough cash to pay interim dividends, bu the net present value of the dividend stream is less than book value."" A company with a stock trading below book value is believed to be ""impaired,"" perhaps because assets are overstated. Depending on the situation, it may or may not be a bankruptcy candidate."
I don't know about Jeff Bezos in particular but, in general, and with a a few other notorious exceptions like Warren Buffet, billionaires also have incomes (salary, dividends, fees to seat on various boards of directors, etc.) in the millions, not the tens of thousand. That's typically still much lower than their wealth but certainly enough to sustain a comfortable lifestyle. However it's still true that some billionaires have so much of their wealth tied up in a single corporation that they could not practically get it all out at once, if they ever wanted to. But they can still typically sell at least some shares, which is exactly what Jeff Bezos has done to buy the Washington Post for example.
I skimmed the paper rather quickly.  It's interesting I guess, but if you haven't taken a junior level college course in finance you'll be lost.    I fail to see any actionable advice from the article however.    It simply goes over how pretty much how most of how we perceive WACC, Betas, and Equity Premiums are wrong.  We are wrong in their actual definitions and we are wrong in how they are calculated.    I'm disappointed the author did not propose a solution though.  Even if he is right, you can't rewrite 'wrong' textbooks if you have no idea what the right answer is.
"I wasn't comparing Baltimore to Owsley County Kentucky, I was making two separate points. One with each data point.   You can play this game until infinity.  ""National numbers mean nothing because there are too many States involved""   ""State numbers cannot quantify anything because cities differ so much""   ""Cities cannot be grouped together as one is side of town is rich and the other poor""  ""That neighborhood cannot be generalized because one street has houses that are run down""   We are going to be talking protons soon..."
"You are not smart.   The average person works more than 25 years. And because it's an average earnings increase, OF COURSE EVERYONE DOESN'T REACH IT. By the way, the greatest predictor of a person not reaching it is that person getting a liberal arts degree. And since you seem to want to do baseless math, I'll let you go ahead and decide how much the other 10% has to make in order for it to be true.   The point is that if you go to college, particularly to get a more valuable degree, you are making an astoundingly good investment. Are there exceptions? Absolutely. There are always exceptions. That doesn't disprove the facts.   Go look at the actual statistics by major or career. Don't bring this, ""I'll bet"" nonsense into the argument as if it proves anything."
Some other suggestions: Index-tracking mutual funds. These have the same exposure as ETFs, but may have different costs; for example, my investment manager (in the UK) charges a transaction fee on ETFs, but not funds, but caps platform fees on ETFs and not funds! Target date funds. If you are saving for a particular date (often retirement, but could also be buying a house, kids going to college, mid-life crisis motorbike purchase, a luxury cruise to see an eclipse, etc), these will automatically rebalance the investment from risk-tolerant (ie equities) to risk-averse (ie fixed income) as the date approaches. You can get reasonably low fees from Vanguard, and i imagine others. Income funds/ETFs, focusing on stocks which are expected to pay a good dividend. The idea is that a consistent dividend helps smooth out volatility in prices, giving you a more consistent return. Historically, that worked pretty well, but given fees and the current low yields, it might not be smart right now. That said Vanguard Equity Income costs 0.17%, and i think yields 2.73%, which isn't bad.
Trump is 100% correct! The Washington Post, owned by Jeff Bezos of Amazon, loses money, which is used as a deduction, to screw the public on low taxation for Amazon!   Typical tax shelter + political gains for Jeff Bezos to spread fake news about Trump.
Here at The Pet Glider, we pride ourselves in providing a range of top-quality supplies sugar glider owners the world over can use to spoil their lovable furry friends. In March, we launched a new promotional offer designed to benefit everyone who is looking to welcome a new pair of sugar gliders into their homes and into their lives.
Normally interest only mortgages are taken incase one planning to sell off the property after a few years and purchase of the property is for investment. In such a case instead of burdening oneself with a huge EMI, one opts for an interest only mortgage, and towards the end of the term, sell off the house at profit and repay back the entire principal.  I am not to sure if interest only mortgages are encouraged for properties you plan to live in. Although I do not know about the ING scheme, normally there is no prepayment option on interest only mortgages, its Bank way of earning a fixed income for the contracted period and thats the reason why the interest rates are lower than a regular mortgage. If you do the math, you may be paying more in total interest than on a regular mortgage.
Which way would save the most money? Paying of the car today would save the most money.  Would you borrow money at 20% to put it in a savings account?  That's effectively what she is doing by not paying off the car. If it were me, I would pay off the car today, and add the car payment to my savings account each month.  If the car payment is $400, that's $1,500 a month that can be saved, and the $12k will be back in 8 months. That said - remember that this is your GIRLFRIEND, not a spouse.  You are not in control (or responsible for) her finances. I would not tell her that she SHOULD do this - only explain it to her in different ways, and offer advice as to what YOU would do.  Look together at how much has been paid in principal and interest so far, how much she's paying in interest each month now, and how much she'll pay for the car over the life of the loan.  (I would also encourage her not to buy cars with a 72-month loan, which I'm guessing is how she got here). In the end, though, it's her decision.
You want to take the hit now.   There are tons of calculators out there, but the rule of 70 should be enough to help convince you: Assume you can put an extra $10k in a 401k now, or keep it.  If you pay ~30% in taxes, you  can have either: A) $7k now, or: B) What $10K will grow to in your 40 years till retirement less taxes at the end. The rule of 70 is a quick, dirty way to calculate compounded returns.  It says that if you divide 70 by your assumed return, you get the approximate number of years it will take to double your money.   So let's say you assume a 5% rate of return (you can replace that with whatever you want): 1) 70/5 is 14, so you'll double your $10k every 14 years. 2) In 40 years, you'll double your money almost 3 times (2.86) 3) That means you'll end up with almost $80k before taxes 4) Even if we assume the same tax rate at retirement of 30% (odds are decent it's lower, since you'll have less income, presumably), you still have $56k. Whatever you think inflation will be, $56k later is a LOT better than $7k now.
"It all has to do with risk and reward. The risk is that interest rates will rise.  To entice you to go with the variable, they make it so it is cheaper if interest rates never rise. Your job is to guess whether interest rates are likely to go up or not. In a first approximation, you should go fixed. The bank employs very smart people whose entire job is to know whether interest rates will go up or not. Those people chose the price difference between the two, and it's sure to favour the bank. That is, the risk of extra payments you'll make on the variable is probably more than the enticement. But, some people can't sleep at night if their payments (or more realistically, the interest part of their payments) might double. If that's you, go fixed. If that's not you, understand that the enticement actually has to be turned up a bit, to get more people to go variable, because of the sleeping-at-night feature. Think long and hard about your budget and what would happen if your payment jumped. If you could handle it, variable might be the better choice. Personally, I have been taking ""variable"" on my mortgage for decades (and now I don't have one) and never once regretted it. I also counselled my oldest child to take variable on her mortgage. Over this century so far, if rates ticked up, they didn't tick up to the level the fixed was offered at. Mostly they have sat flat. But if ever there was a world in which ""past performance does not predict future results"" it would be interest rate trends. Do your own research."
Well, if you only own the option, you are only limited to loosing the premium. With futures, at least with the brokers I talked to, most of the time you need to sign a margin contract just to trade futures. I don't want to go into debt, and I don't think I would do too well to be fairly honest. I am a college student, and want to limit my risk, and so just trading the option would help me get access to the commodity markets without having to get margin like many brokers want me to do. I am not trying to do any hedging or anything (which I am aware you can do). All I want to do is do an inflation trade, and I believe commodities are the best way. To me honest, if I had my way I would just buy and hold, and that is the strategy I want to emulate closest, even though I know I can't hold it forever. Basically, I want to avoid debt, but still trade commodities.
I have read in many personal finance books that stocks are a great investment for the long term, because on average they go up 5-7% every year. This has been true for the last 100 years for the S&P500 index, but is there reason to believe this trend will continue indefinitely into the future? It has also been wrong for 20+ year time periods during those last 100 years. It's an average, and you can live your whole career at a loss. There are many things to support the retention of the average, over the next 100 years. I think the quip is out of scope of your actual investment philosophy. But basically there are many ways to lower your cost basis, by reinvesting dividends, selling options, or contributing to your position at any price from a portion of your income, and by inflation, and by the growth of the world economy. With a low enough cost basis then a smaller percentage gain in the index gives you a magnified profit.
This will have no effect on your credit score.  Even though your credit card account number is changing, it is still the same account, so your history of payments and age of accounts will remain unchanged.
"Do you know if you were approached by a carrier or a tower vendor?  Edit/addendum:  As someone in the telecommunications industry, I will say that you should NOT lease to a vendor who will sublease the space to the phone companies for a profit.  Depending on the availability of space, the population of the area, and the value of the location, and the amount and size of hardware to be installed, the rental pricing can vary wildly.  A cell site on a choice tall building in Chicago, NYC, Boston, LA, etc., can go for over $25000 per year (more in the case of rental of inside equipment room).  On the other hand, renting space on a church steeple in the middle of a low population rural town, with the equipment installed in a gated paddock at ground level, may only net around $1500 per month.  A ""small cell"" site, which is actually small enough to put on a lamp post or utility pole, can go for around $250-750 per month.  A turf contractor/tower vendor actually leasing a chunk of land to build a structure whose space will be leased out to telecoms should be expected to pay between $2500 and 8000 per month depending on the value of your site.  This value is determined by land form details like elevation, nearby tall forests (can the tower ""see"" over the tree line), terrain contours, and need (local population/tourist/traveler numbers).  Carriers prefer to lease from vendors rather than building their own structures, but roof top sites are a different story.  Carriers are generally more than happy to work with you to lease a portion of your tall building's roof.  FYI...  If they offer to compensate you for the electrical requirements if they cannot get their own meter in, don't worry.  A cell site uses less than 1000 watts, which translates to about $.10-15 per hour in most locations."
"Perhaps it's the terminology ""fee"" that makes it a little confusing. I'm not sure whether it's due legislation or if it's tradition but banks and money changers in my country don't charge ""fees"". Instead they advertise separate prices for buying and selling money. For example they'd normally advertise: USD, we buy: 4.50, we sell: 4.65. It's a business. Just like selling cars or lemonade selling money only makes sense if you sell it at a higher price than what you bought it for. Regardless of what you call it it's the profit margin for the seller."
"If you sell an asset for more than you paid for it, the excess amount realized is called a capital gain and is generally considered a form of income for tax purposes. Generally, one pays income tax on realized capital gains, unless the sale is exempt—such as the sale of one's principal residence. Capital gains tax can also be avoided or deferred by holding assets in a tax-advantaged investment account like a TFSA or RRSP. When taxable, the effective income tax rate on capital gains income is half the normal rate due to the capital gains inclusion rate. Capital gains income is generally not considered to be employment, ""earned"", or ""working"" income. However, individuals who, say, trade stocks frequently and earn a substantial portion of their income that way may have their gains considered employment income and subject to regular income tax instead of the better rate. I suggest you contact Service Canada and ask them about the impact of a one-time sale of personal property that would result in a realized capital gain. While you would owe income tax on the capital gain, it might not have any impact on your disability benefits, because it would not be earned or employment income. You should also check with your private insurer; they may also consider the sale a capital gain and not employment income, however, only they would be able to tell you for sure whether it would have any possible effect on your benefits."
&gt; How do I guarantee that people are held liable for damages and/or trying to steal the stuff? Would a credit card number be sufficient?  This might belong more in /r/entrepreneur or /r/business, however... you could do a few things:  1. The renter's agreement can (and imo should) include language that obligates the renter to pay for damaged goods and/or stipulates a fixed charge for non-return.   2. As part of the terms to rent, you can demand a credit card hold as part of the renter's agreement.   3. You can insure your rented goods, either in addition to the above or as an alternative (note: because the goods will be changing hands multiple times throughout its life, there is a higher chance of insurance claims. This fact will likely mean higher insurance payments).
Possibly not relevant to the original asker, but in the UK another advantage of using a credit card is that when making a purchase over £100 and paying by credit card you get additional protection on the purchase which you wouldn't get when paying by debit card. E.g. if you buy something costing £100 and the company goes bust before it's delivered, you can claim the money back from the credit card company.  Whereas if you paid by debit card, you would potentially lose out. This protection is a legal requirement under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act 1974.
"I lived in Europe for 18 years. I had better care there than in the US for what I paid. Also, under the current system, taxpayers pay more to the government for healthcare than in other countries which have universal healthcare.   Additionally, those 46% who don't pay taxes either have shit jobs or can afford a good accountant. A janitor or other ""low skill, low level"" worker isn't going to pay taxes because he's not making enough. Recent college graduates cannot afford a all around healthcare insurance because they don't have the money.   You live in an economic society where every class level is inter-dependent. Paying them shit and telling them the society as a whole shouldn't help them is very selfish and short term sighted."
"Try it on a Kindle or eBook reader. I used to think this way about eBooks. Was too much of a purist. I'd had experience reading from iPads and computers. It's seriously a huge difference. The Kindle doesn't strain, it's light, can fit in (larger) pockets, and is incredibly handy. The battery life lets it stay on for days at a time as well. Battery isn't a huge issue unless you plan to be stranded on an island sometime soon.  The library thing I suppose is an aesthetic thing. You could always just look through your book list on a Kindle as well. That way you save some room in your house? But I suppose some people just ""want"" a library to have - I can empathize."
Easier to copy paste than type this out. Credit: www.financeformulas.net Note that the present value would be the initial loan amount, which is likely the sale price you noted minus a down payment.   The loan payment formula is used to calculate the payments on a loan.   The formula used to calculate loan payments is exactly the same as the   formula used to calculate payments on an ordinary annuity. A loan, by   definition, is an annuity, in that it consists of a series of future   periodic payments. The PV, or present value, portion of the loan payment formula uses the   original loan amount. The original loan amount is essentially the   present value of the future payments on the loan, much like the   present value of an annuity. It is important to keep the rate per period and number of periods   consistent with one another in the formula. If the loan payments are   made monthly, then the rate per period needs to be adjusted to the   monthly rate and the number of periods would be the number of months   on the loan. If payments are quarterly, the terms of the loan payment   formula would be adjusted accordingly. I like to let loan calculators do the heavy lifting for me. This particular calculator lets you choose a weekly pay back scheme. http://www.calculator.net/loan-calculator.html
They offset pay a week. So this year GE employees get paid for 51 weeks. They still get paid for that week, when they stop working, but it just made that one quarter look good by reducing wages by one week.  GE digital is mostly rebranding existing projects. They spent more on commercials than actual development. They won't hire/pay actual software people because they're too expensive. So try to have hardware manufacturing people develop software products.  They are constantly gaming the vouchering. Like... To am absolutely insane degree. All to make the numbers work out just so. Some powerful executives are clearly obsessed. It doesn't help deliver products customers want on time with a profit. It just makes things look good while workers struggle to follow the random rules.  Jeese. There's tons I'm not remembering. GE has been doing the cut costs to pay dividends for years. For a company that depends on long lead time technological industry, cutting costs to make your numbers isn't a long term solution.
The role of the market maker is to make sure there is a bid and ask on a particular stock.  That's it.  The market maker ensures that there is a price at which you can buy and a price at which you can sell immediately, but these are not necessarily the best prices.  The majority of trades do not involve market makers and occur between two third parties. Whoever said a market order trades with the market maker is thinking of the way stock markets were years ago, not the way they are now. Market orders are supposed to execute immediately and at one time trading with the market makers was the method for executing immediately. If you issue a market order today, it executes with the best available limit order(s) on the other wide of the trade.  This may or may not involve a party that identifies as a market maker.
Depends on the logo and the company. Chrome bags I love, and they put their logo on the buckle and the the bag in a tasteful way. They are cyclist oriented and supportive of the community. One company that I love the products of that advertise too much is Rapha, but on some of their clothes the logo/name is actually buttoned on and is removable. If the design is going to take up most of my shirt, it is probably because it is for a band I support (friends' bands most likely). Hopefully that helps with your understanding.
If given the option of up front or monthly, here are some scenarios where it would be beneficial to pay the lease up front instead of monthly (neither of which are affected by inflation): Barring the above scenarios or some reason you don't want to keep money around (such as if you have some sort of addiction causing you to spend money, or you have an imminent lawsuit which will take all of your money), you are better off paying monthly.
I don't follow that at all, I don't think those are all complete sentences. And do you think there's only one tax bracket?  But from your first sentence, it seems like you're saying that the government says it's reducing inequality when it actually isn't. So why are you upset about how they're reducing inequality?
@Joe.E, I disagree with your logic. The IPO clearly didn't go well--not relative to other IPOs.  Were it not for the stocks underwriters stepping in late in the trading day, Facebook would likely have closed below their opening price. This story and others indicate that institution investors were given negative information by an analyst for the underwriters that other investors didn't have.  This inside knowledge is certainly contributing to the drop in the stock.  It's fair to argue that many individual investors were suckered into buying the stock at the IPO price because of this incomplete disclosure. It wouldn't surprise if what's happens has a negative impact on future trading volume, and creates reluctance to invest in the firm--which would certainly be an additional negative outcome beyond the dropping stock price. Edit: Dilip mentioned a lawsuit.  Here's a link to an article about it.
So, in general, pay to the higher interest rate.  Some contrived reasons you would want to pay your auto  loan more could be:
Personally, I think it's a bad practice, because ultimately using cards for such minuscule transactions raises costs for everyone, especially at merchants whose average transaction is small. How does carrying cash improve your personal security? If someone is going to mug you, they do not know in advance whether you have money or not.
I'm normally a fan of trying to put all the relevant info in an answer when possible, but this one's tough to do in one page.    Here's the best way, by far to learn the basics: The OIC (Options Industry Council) has a great, free website to teach investors at all levels about options. You can set up a learning path that will remember which lessons you've done, etc.  And they're really, truly not trying to sell you anything; their purpose is to promote the understanding and use of options.
"The author introduced himself as not being a financial analyst so that, apparently, absolved him of even considering the numbers.  The HP presenters struck him as ""straight shooters"".  I think he should have just wrote those two sentences and moved on to his next assignment."
For now, park it in a mix of cash and short term bond funds like the Vanguard Short Term Investment Grade fund. The short term fund will help with the inflation issue. Make sure the cash positions are FDIC insured. Then either educate yourself about investing or start interviewing potential advisors. Look for referrals, and stay away from people peddling annuities or people who will not fully disclose how they get paid. Your goal should be to have a long-term plan within 6-12 months.
You should ask a CPA or tax lawyer to what extent living in specific housing provided by the employer as a job requirement is exempt from taxation.  You might find a nice surprise.  Your tax professional can also help you to report the items properly if mis-reported. Much of this is in the article you cite in the question, but perhaps a look at some of the original sources is warranted and will show why some expert advice might be useful.  I would argue that an RA who is required to police and counsel undergrads in a college dorm in exchange for a room or a flat is closer to a worker with quarters on a ship or at an oil well than a full professor who receives a rental home in a neighborhood near the university as a benefit.  In the first case living at the provided premises is necessary to do the job, but in the second case it is merely a benefit of the job.   The IRS Publication 15-B guidance on employer provided housing  is not entirely clear, so you might want to get some additional advice: Lodging on Your Business Premises You can exclude the value of lodging   you furnish to an employee from the employee's wages if it meets the   following tests. It is furnished on your business premises. It is furnished for your convenience. The employee must accept it as a condition of employment. Different tests may apply to lodging furnished by educational   institutions. See section 119(d) of the Internal Revenue Code for   details. If you allow your employee to choose to receive additional pay instead   of lodging, then the lodging, if chosen, isn’t excluded. The exclusion   also doesn't apply to cash allowances for lodging. On your business premises.   For this exclusion, your business   premises is generally your employee's place of work. For example, if   you're a household employer, then lodging furnished in your home to a   household employee would be considered lodging furnished on your   business premises. For special rules that apply to lodging furnished   in a camp located in a foreign country, see section 119(c) of the   Internal Revenue Code and its regulations.  For your convenience.   Whether or not you furnish lodging for your convenience as an employer   depends on all the facts and circumstances. You furnish the lodging to   your employee for your convenience if you do this for a substantial   business reason other than to provide the employee with additional   pay. This is true even if a law or an employment contract provides   that the lodging is furnished as pay. However, a written statement   that the lodging is furnished for your convenience isn't sufficient. Condition of employment.   Lodging meets this test if you require your   employees to accept the lodging because they need to live on your   business premises to be able to properly perform their duties.   Examples include employees who must be available at all times and   employees who couldn't perform their required duties without being   furnished the lodging.   It doesn't matter whether you must furnish   the lodging as pay under the terms of an employment contract or a law   fixing the terms of employment. Example of qualifying lodging. You employ Sam at a construction project at a remote job site in   Alaska. Due to the inaccessibility of facilities for the employees who   are working at the job site to obtain lodging and the prevailing   weather conditions, you furnish lodging to your employees at the   construction site in order to carry on the construction project. You   require that your employees accept the lodging as a condition of their   employment. You may exclude the lodging that you provide from Sam's   wages. Additionally, since sufficient eating facilities aren’t   available near your place of employment, you may also exclude meals   you provide to Sam from his wages, as discussed under Meals on Your   Business Premises , later in this section. Example of nonqualifying lodging. A hospital gives Joan, an employee of the hospital, the choice of   living at the hospital free of charge or living elsewhere and   receiving a cash allowance in addition to her regular salary. If Joan   chooses to live at the hospital, the hospital can't exclude the value   of the lodging from her wages because she isn't required to live at   the hospital to properly perform the duties of her employment. One question would be how the conflict with IRC 119(d) is resolved for someone who must live in the dorm to watch over the dorm and its undergrads. Here's 26USC119(d) from LII: (d) Lodging furnished by certain educational institutions to employees (1) In general  In the case of an employee of an educational   institution, gross income shall not include the value of qualified   campus lodging furnished to such employee during the taxable year. (2)   Exception in cases of inadequate rent Paragraph (1) shall not apply to   the extent of the excess of— (A) the lesser of— (i) 5 percent of the   appraised value of the qualified campus lodging, or (ii) the average   of the rentals paid by individuals (other than employees or students   of the educational institution) during such calendar year for lodging   provided by the educational institution which is comparable to the   qualified campus lodging provided to the employee, over (B) the rent   paid by the employee for the qualified campus lodging during such   calendar year. The appraised value under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be   determined as of the close of the calendar year in which the taxable   year begins, or, in the case of a rental period not greater than 1   year, at any time during the calendar year in which such period   begins.  (3) Qualified campus lodging For purposes of this subsection,   the term “qualified campus lodging” means lodging to which subsection   (a) does not apply and which is— (A) located on, or in the proximity   of, a campus of the educational institution, and (B) furnished to the   employee, his spouse, and any of his dependents by or on behalf of   such institution for use as a residence.  (4) Educational institution, etc. For purposes of this subsection— (A) In generalThe term   “educational institution” means— (i) an institution described in   section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii) (or an entity organized under State law and   composed of public institutions so described), or (ii) an academic   health center. (B) Academic health centerFor purposes of subparagraph   (A), the term “academic health center” means an entity— (i) which is   described in section 170(b)(1)(A)(iii), (ii) which receives (during   the calendar year in which the taxable year of the taxpayer begins)   payments under subsection (d)(5)(B) or (h) of section 1886 of the   Social Security Act (relating to graduate medical education), and   (iii) which has as one of its principal purposes or functions the   providing and teaching of basic and clinical medical science and   research with the entity’s own faculty.
&gt; they've cut back on so many expenses it's just not what it used to be  My guess is the changes were incremental. Individually each cut back probably didn't seem like a big deal to corporate at the time. But it keeps adding up and create a vicious cycle -- the more cuts they make the crappier their food tastes and they make less money and therefore have to make more cuts.
As the population is growing the diseases are also growing on mass levels. There are many vital reasons cold be responsible for occurrence of ailments and disease. Most of them are Viruses which come from pollution, drain and inter nation viral effected diseases, to be named as swine flu and bird flu. Virus is small particles that can infect the cells of a biological organism.
If you are living at home as an adult, then you should be paying your fair share and contributing to the household expenses. You said your parents have loans to pay for that was part of your expenses to go to college. As an adult, you should be paying your parents back for the loans they took out on your behalf. You are a responsible person, it sounds like. Therefore, you need to finish restoring your parent's financial position first before moving out or transfer the loans that are actually yours back to you. Your college education and financial duties are your responsibility. Basically, if you are an adult you should move into your own place in a responsible way or stay at home while contributing to your parent's financial household status in a mutually beneficial way of shared responsibility.  Remember, healthy adults take care of their lives and share in paying for the expenses required to live.
Here is a simple example of how daily leverage fails, when applied over periods longer than a day. It is specifically adjusted to be more extreme than the actual market so you can see the effects more readily. You buy a daily leveraged fund and the index is at 1000. Suddenly the market goes crazy, and goes up to 2000 - a 100% gain! Because you have a 2x ETF, you will find your return to be somewhere near 200% (if the ETF did its job). Then tomorrow it goes back to normal and falls back down to 1000. This is a fall of 50%. If your ETF did its job, you should find your loss is somewhere near twice that: 100%. You have wiped out all your money. Forever. You lose. :) The stock market does not, in practice, make jumps that huge in a single day. But it does go up and down, not just up, and if you're doing a daily leveraged ETF, your money will be gradually eroded. It doesn't matter whether it's 2x leveraged or 8x leveraged or inverse (-1x) or anything else. Do the math, get some historical data, run some simulations. You're right that it is possible to beat the market using a 2x ETF, in the short run. But the longer you hold the stock, the more ups and downs you experience along the way, and the more opportunity your money has to decay. If you really want to double your exposure to the market over the intermediate term, borrow the money yourself. This is why they invented the margin account: Your broker will essentially give you a loan using your existing portfolio as collateral. You can then invest the borrowed money, increasing your exposure even more. Alternatively, if you have existing assets like, say, a house, you can take out a mortgage on it and invest the proceeds. (This isn't necessarily a good idea, but it's not really worse than a margin account; investing with borrowed money is investing with borrowed money, and you might get a better interest rate. Actually, a lot of rich people who could pay off their mortgages don't, and invest the money instead, and keep the tax deduction for mortgage interest. But I digress.) Remember that assets shrink; liabilities (loans) never shrink. If you really want to double your return over the long term, invest twice as much money.
Options that are not worth exercising just expire. Options that are worth exercising are typically exercised automatically as they expire, resulting in a transfer of stock between the entity that issued the option and the entity that holds it. OCC options automatically exercise when they expire if the value of the option exceeds the transaction cost for the stock transfer (1/4 point to 3/4 point depending).
"So, yes, you may be having the inevitable epiphany where you realize that options can synthetically replicate the same risk profile of owning stock outright. Allowing you to manipulate risk and circumvent margin requirement differences amongst asset classes. Naked short puts are analogous to a covered call, but may have different (lesser) margin requirements. This allows you to increase your risk, and the broker has to account for that. The broker's clientele might not understand all the risks associated with that much leverage and so may simply consider it risky ""for your protection"""
"For your first question, the general guidelines I've seen recommended are as follows: As to your second question, portfolio management is something you should familiarize yourself with.  If you trust it to other people, don't be surprised when they make ""mistakes"".  Remember, they get paid regardless of whether you make money.  Consider how much any degree of risk will affect you.  When starting out, your contributions make up most of the growth of your accounts; now is the time when you can most afford to take higher risk for higher payouts (still limiting your risk as much as possible, of course).  A 10% loss on a portfolio of $50k can be replaced with a good year's contributions.  Once your portfolio has grown to a much larger sum, it will be time to dial back the risk and focus on preserving your capital.   When choosing investments, always treat your porfolio as a whole - including non-retirement assets (other investment accounts, savings, even your house).  Don't put too many eggs from every account into the same basket, or you'll find that 30% of your porfolio is a single investment.  Also consider that some investments have different tax consequences, and you can leverage the properties of each account to offset that."
The outsourcing was mainly to secure buy contracts from national airlines in subcontracted countries.  Give Mitsubishi a few contracts and see JAL and ANA buy a bunch of the new planes.  Japanese people get told again and again, through the broadcast networks that act as propaganda machines, that Japanese engineering and craftsmanship was necessary in the building of the plane.  Everybody wins!   It was mostly the salespeople telling the engineers how to make the plane.
Let me tell you about a country called South Korea that was totally devastated after the Korean War, but even though almost everybody was living in poverty after the war, parents made every effort to educate their children, and now South Korea is the 12th largest country by GDP.  It isn't the lack of money that is the problem. It is the lack of parents who care and in many cases, it is just the lack of parents. Disproportionately, kids in juvenile detention centers are missing at least one parent from their home or lack parents who care. No amount of money or nanny state legislature will make a significant dent in this problem or this problem would have been solved long ago. Unless we go full blown North Korean style brain washing authoritarianism, the problem, responsibility and solution lies with the people.
Who cares? If your card gets stolen, most cards provide you with 100% liability protection. Just sign the thing!
Well, you could replace it with.. itself! Microsoft Money Plus Sunset versions The Microsoft Money Plus Sunset versions are replacements for expired versions of Microsoft Money Essentials, Deluxe, Premium, and Home and Business. They allow existing customers to use MoneyPlus to continue accessing their data. Changes to the new versions include file conversions from older versions of Money, no required activation, no online services and no assisted support. Microsoft Money Plus Sunset is available now. Download at: http://www.microsoft.com/money/sunset.mspx
Online shopping trend is a form e-commerce where consumers or retailer buy/sell products on internet in few time and more conveniently. This is the technique which gives flexibility to buy or sell products on internet without visiting so far shops and this technique spreading day by day.
"Okay, so...  &gt; Lifting* the offer (hit bids, lift offers). And I suppose that's a stategy, albeit a somewhat simple one. Passive routing strategies differ from firm to firm and algo to algo. What is your customer going to think if you bid up a new price level only for the stock to rally completely away from it?  I mean if you have an open order for more than 10 times the amount currently offered with a limit above the offer, and you havent gotten filled on the bid, what can you do but lift the offer and try to be first at the next price level up? At least you would have gotten some at the price they quoted, or are they fill or kill?  &gt; ""Bidding it up to attract sellers"" sounds an awful lot like spoofing, just a heads up. Sure though, if you want to tighten a spread or create new levels with aggressive passive liquidity, that is a strategy. The same caveats as I mentioned above apply.  Just to be clear, 'aggressively adding passive liquidity' is the more apt way to put it - I'm talking about when you actually want to get filled on those bids but you're having trouble finding sellers.  Could you give me an example of what you might consider passive or aggressive, just for scale - would a mkt impact of .10% raise any eyebrows? How do you gauge fair value or does that matter less to you than just accumulating/selling what you can for what you were asked to?  &gt; Anyway, if market impact isn't an issue for the customer, sure, take liquidity until you're filled. Don't forget about getting good size done in the opening and closing auctions (MOO/MOC). If you're too passive you risk the market moving away from you and pissing off the customer. If you're too aggressive you risk moving the market too much and pissing off the customer.  So then is the question more 'how motivated is the buyer or seller?'  I'm glad you bring up the MOO/MOC, are there certain securities that don't have much of a market in those auctions?  Trying to suss out how a large firm can hold a position in some of the less popular names with next to no liquidity and little in the way of dark pool, auction, block sales, etc."
"If you are a ""small"" investor (namely, not an accredited investor), then the transaction costs (commissions) for purchasing the stocks while attempting to duplicate DJIA will defeat any benefit. My personal preference is to purchase mutual funds rather than ETFs."
Yeah, I get the logic of what you are saying, because his comments are really ambiguous, but his argument is pointing the other way. So what he ACTUALLY means by driving capital overseas is that other countries are seeing greater economic growth overall, and therefore better investment returns (that's why capital is fleeing), but it's because US growth is badly constrained.  It's constrained because the Republican stranglehold on Congress is preventing government investment that will support greater corporate growth.  I wish he would say it more clearly, but from the context of his comments here (and elsewhere), this is what he means.  He is not reversing his former views, but amplifying them.
I'd suggest waiting until a bit after you are married. To Eagle1's point, even $23,000 is not a huge sum of money.  You didn't make any mention of a desire to buy a home, but if that becomes part of the plan, I'd want every cent of liquidity I can get. I wrote Student Loans and Your First Mortgage to explain why your buying power for the house is lowered by paying that loan. In your case, $5000 is 20% of $25000. For a good 20% down purchase, I'd want those funds available. You also don't mention retirement accounts. Depending on the home purchase timing, I'd start to think about putting aside at least the $5500 per year IRA/Roth IRA maximum.
My theory, if you must be in debit, own it at the least expense possible. The interest you will pay by the end, combined with the future value of money. Example: The Future value of $3000 at an effective interest rate of 5% after 3 years =$3472.88 Present value of $3000 at 5% over 3 years =$2591.51 you will need more money in the future to pay for the same item
"These days almost all risky assets move together, so the most difficult criterion to match from your 4 will be ""not strongly correlated to the U.S. economy.""  However, depending on how you define ""strongly,"" you may want to consider the following: Be careful, you are sort of asking for the impossible here, so these will all be caveat emptor type assets. EDIT: A recent WSJ article talks about what some professional investors are doing to find uncorrelated bets. Alfredo Viegas, an emerging-markets strategist for boutique brokerage Knight Capital Group, is encouraging clients to bet against Israeli bonds. His theory: Investors are so focused on Europe that they are misjudging risks in the Middle East, such as a flare-up in relations between Israel and Iran, or greater conflict in Egypt and Syria. Once they wake up to those risks, Israeli bonds are likely to tumble, Mr. Viegas reasons. In the meantime, the investment isn't likely to be pushed one way or another by the European crisis, he says."
Well kind of hard to give an answer without seeing the underlying syllabus, but judging by the title of the majors here's what the career paths *might* be.  Personal Financial Planning generally leads to a career in financial planning wherein clients come to you and explain to you their future goals and you have to devise an investment plan which adheres to their assets and liabilities structure. I'm getting a sense that the major is a precursor to the CFP certification; so check out the CFP Board's website.  Finance Major is *probably* the major which leads to a career in investment banking or investment management (wherein you'll probably deal with institutional clients rather than individuals).  It's worth noting that the two majors probably share courses.
I see a lot of comments on reddit from people about how they just bought a house. A lot of people still have a post 2008 bust mindset about the world, ideas such as house values always rise, an education is always worth it, always max out your 401k, etc.

"That is a great distinction you bring up: Has the Don filed for personal BK or Corp bk?  In April of 2011, The Wall Street journal [asked him](http://blogs.wsj.cccom/washwire/2011/04/11/trump-will-probably-run-as-independent-if-he-doesnt-win-gop-nomination/): Should someone who filed for bankruptcy multiple times be running national finances at a time when we have a big debt problem?  His Answer?  ""I've never filed for bankruptcy.""  ...um... to say the LEAST this is semantics, I would classify it as an outright lie.  I say that because he slaps the name on EVERYTHING, he is the President, CEO, Chairman of the Board - he is responsible (until things go south) then the investors and debtors are left with an empty shell.  Here are some examples:  * Trump Plaza Hotel bankruptcy – On Nov 2, 1992, Trump's Plaza Hotel was forced to file Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after being unable to make its debt payments. Under the plan, Trump agreed to give up a 49% stake in this luxury hotel to Citibank and five other lenders.   * Trump Shuttle closure – The Trump Shuttle became no more when it merged with Shuttle Inc, operating as USAir Shuttle in 1992.  * Donald Trump personal bankruptcy – By 1994, Trump slashed a large portion of his $900 million personal debt and washed away $3.5 billion in his portfolio's business debt.  * Trump Hotels &amp; Casino Resorts' bankruptcy – On November 21, 2004 Trump's company filed for bankruptcy. Trump said the filing was ""really just a technical thing"" as the best way to implement a restructuring plan.  * Donald Trump personal bankruptcy (again) – Once again, Trump filed for personal bankruptcy protection and restructured his debt in 2004.  * Taj Mahal bankruptcy – On November 22, 2006 Donald J. Trump’s casino empire filed for bankruptcy protection after months of negotiations with bondholders over restructuring a crushing debt.  * GoTrump.com – Donald Trump's online travel search engine was launched in 2006. Just a year later it folded.  * Trump 29 Casino – Now known as Spotlight 29 Casino because Donald Trump's ownership/management involvement ended in 2006).  * Donald Trump Ocean Resort Baja – This Mexican resort was never built and investor's deposits (up to $500,000.00) have not been returned. Trump claims these buyers are “lucky” because they would have lost more money in a tanking market had the projects been actually built.  * Trump Towers Tampa – Trump is being sued right now in Tampa, Florida for taking deposits on a 52-story condo tower that he never built. None of the buyers got their $45,000 deposits back. And in an ironic twist, initial sales of this condo were so successful that all deposits were returned to charge a higher price.  * Trump International Hotel and Tower Chicago – Trump built the second tallest building in Chicago… he also defaulted on a $40 million loan. Rather than having to pay the bank loan, Trump demanded the same bank should pay him $3 billion for ""undermining the project and damaging his reputation.""  * Trump Magazine – Trump's private-labeled publication (which was aimed at affluent readers in major US markets) suffered from sagging ad sales. It folded on May 19, 2009. This was Trump's third failed attempt at offering a magazine bearing his name.  * Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New Orleans – If constructed, this Trump Tower would become the tallest building in the city of New Orleans and the state of Louisiana at 70 stories high. But the project was put on hold in February of 2009.  * Trump Entertainment Resort Holdings bankruptcy – On February 17, 2009 casino operator Trump Entertainment Resorts Inc filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection (with a debt ratio of $50 million in assets to his $500 million in debt).  * Donald Trump SoHo Hotel Condominium – Donald Trump was sued for fraud over his New York SoHo condo offering in 2010. The lawsuit by 15 plaintiffs alleged that during the first 18 months of marketing, Trump advertised that the building was ""30, 40, 50, 60 percent or more sold"" when in fact just 16% of the units were sold.  * Trump Ocean Resort Baja Mexico – Instead of a 525-unit luxury vacation home complex with pools and tennis courts, this project is shaping up to be a legal battle with a big hole in the ground. Dozens of angry buyers sued Trump for failing to complete the project. Trump claims he only lent his name to the project (and it was the developers who allowed the project to fail).  * Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Fort Lauderdale – Construction was to be completed by the end of 2009 featuring 298 hotel condominium units. Having defaulted on a $139 million loan, Donald Trump announced in November of 2010 he was no longer affiliated with the project.  * Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Las Vegas – Through the end of February 2010, the 1,282-unit condominium hotel had only closed on 302 units. That equates to a 23.6% vacancy rate. It was forced into renting out the building as apartments.  * Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower in Dubai – This 62-story mixed-used building on the Palm Jumeirah’s Golden Mile was first announced in 2005. Construction was never started and the $2.9 billion project had been canceled and replaced with a shopping mall.  So, back to your distinction - has he filed for personal BK?  No.  Has he filed for personal BK protection while he reorganized debt - YES.  Does he manipulate the Corporate BK laws by playing a Corp shell game and filing for BK protection - Yes.  Is it smart business?  Or a scam?   TL:DR - Magnets Bitch!  *Edit for formatting"
This is interesting.  The application I'm putting together is more along the lines of automating the research process for a financial professional using a personal algorithm of his.  The end goal is to provide him an alert to email when a new report is filed and if his criteria are met based on that report and past reports.  Thanks anyway.
I doubt it. If you have a good track record with your car loan, that will count for a lot more than the fact that you don't have it anymore. When you look for a house, your debt load will be lower without the car loan, which may help you get the mortgage you want. Just keep paying your credit card bills on time and your credit rating will improve month by month.
"I added ""Shared money in account"" (SMIA) as sub-account of my bank checking (CA) account and moved current difference to that account so total of CA was not changed but now private and shared money is separated. My cases would be handled the following The only downside I see is that now my balance in CA transaction log do not match exactly with bank so reconciliation will be slightly harder."
~~Most checks don't.~~  Edit: I've definitely seen checks cashed way beyond 90-120 days. I don't have extensive knowledge of the rules though. Regardless, it's not like Floyd magically loses is pay if he doesn't cash the check in time.
If you don't want to pay much attention to your investments, target date funds -- assuming you find one (like Vanguard's) with no management fees beyond those acquired from the underlying funds -- are usually a great choice: when the target date is far off, they invest almost entirely (usually 90% or so) in (mutual funds that in turn consist of many) stocks, with the remainder in bonds; as the date gets closer, the mix is automatically shifted to more bonds and less stocks (i.e. less risk, but less potential return too).
"Hey, I hear ya on this situation. I also graduated from a good school (Finance/Comp Sci) with a mediocre GPA and had difficulty securing a full time position in finance. My best advice is to network the shit out of alumni you can connect to through LinkedIn or your schools alumni network homepage. People are MUCH more open to talking than you would typically think.  Like your friends said, getting into IBD as an analyst is ideal as it gives you a great line on your resume, shows you worked hard, and has amazing training. Now comes the really shitty part of this conversation, if you've already graduated college, it's next to impossible to get into a bulge bracket as an analyst. Your best bet in this case would be to try to get into a mid-cap or boutique IB and work your way from there. Again though, networking means 100x more than anything else.  Now the good news, investment research is very different from investment banking. Yes, equity research is within an investment bank (sell-side and buy-side), but it is very different from investment banking (see Chinese Walls). It's easier to make the transition into research without formal recruiting than it is to get into IB directly.  Couple things to keep in mind, KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN SELL-SIDE AN BUY-SIDE. I'm not talking about just one buys stuff the other tries to get you to buy it. I'm talking about conflicts of interest on the sell-side, personalities, types of research, what your role entails, org structure, etc. SELL-SIDE IS EXTREMELY DIFFERENT THAN BUY-SIDE!! Buy-side is MUCH less flexible than sell-side in recruiting, also. Do you currently own stocks, trade, track stocks all day long, etc.? If the answer is no to any of those, buy-side is really really hard. They want people who live and breath investing, markets, news, companies, because that's what they do. Also, training is effectively non-existent on the buy-side due to the size of the shops (some can have $10b with 10 people including admins).   Now lets talk sell-side. This is where I'd recommend you put your resources if you're really passionate about it. They tend to hire people without experience more often into entry-level jobs (b/c most are larger investment banks that use research to promote underwriting/investment business). Also, you need to have a pitch, but not as extensive as on the buy-side (those 1-2 pagers I talked about). The best advice I can offer is to hop on a Bloomberg/TR/CapIQ terminal if you can and just start finding email addresses of sell-side analysts (they publish them in their reports), and start writing the analysts directly expressing your interest in the business and your desire to talk with them. Be frank about where you are in your career, but show a true passion for research, and that you are ""hungry."" Attach your resume and keep the email short, a few sentences with maybe some bullets about how you could help that company. Spend the time to personalize it to that person. Follow up with a phone call in 1-2 weeks. They will appreciate the candidness and  you'll find them to be very receptive.  Even if these analysts don't have a job available right there, if they like you, they will pass you on to someone who might. This is how networking works, that guy might not have a job, but someone is always hiring, and its a tight knit community.  The other option is to work for any finance firm in some role for 3-5 years then go back to get an MBA. With an MBA from a top school you can basically transition into anything.   PM me if you ever want to talk over IM. I'd be happy to chat."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.quantamagazine.org/in-game-theory-no-clear-path-to-equilibrium-20170718/) reduced by 95%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; His crucial, yet utterly simple, idea was that any competitive game has a notion of equilibrium: a collection of strategies, one for each player, such that no player can win more by unilaterally switching to a different strategy.  &gt; How do players get to equilibrium in the first place? In contrast with, say, a ball rolling downhill and coming to rest in a valley, there is no obvious force guiding game players toward a Nash equilibrium.  &gt; The new result says that economists can&amp;#039;t assume that game players will get to a Nash equilibrium, unless they can justify what is special about the particular game in question.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6oz36i/sounds_like_ouroboros_pos_is_right_on_the_money/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~173468 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **play**^#1 **equilibrium**^#2 **game**^#3 **Nash**^#4 **each**^#5"
ETFs are legally separate from their issuer, so the money invested should (the lines can get blurry in a massive crisis) be inaccessible to any bankruptcy claims. The funds assets (its shares in S&P500 companies) are held by a custodian who also keeps these assets separate from their own book. That said, if no other institution takes over the SPY funds the custodian will probably liquidate the fund and distribute the proceeds to the ETF holders, this is likely a less than ideal situation for the holders as the S&P500 would probably not be at its highest levels if State Street is going bankrupt (not to mention the potential taxation).
If you have any non-mortgage debt – e.g. a credit card, a line of credit, a student loan, or a car loan – then I would pay that down first.  The interest being paid on that kind of borrowed money likely exceeds what you could expect to earn in reasonable investments. If you don't have any non-mortgage debt, and your mortgage is large (e.g. thinking about it keeps you up at night, sometimes :-) then go for the the extra mortgage payment.  Also go for the mortgage if you're paying at a relatively high interest rate compared to what you could expect from investments. If your mortgage is small (e.g. it's going to be paid off in a few years) and at a relatively low interest rate, then I would choose the RRSP or TFSA. Unless you're in the top income tax bracket, I would favor the TFSA over RRSP – TFSAs were only introduced this year and any balance there already is likely tiny compared to the RRSP. For retirement, I'm aiming to have equal amounts of RRSP and TFSA money. One option you haven't mentioned is an RESP.  If you have children under the age of 18, your bonus could also be used to make next year's RESP contribution and qualify for the 20% matching Canada Education Savings Grant (CESG) from the government.
Knowing the log return is useful - the log return can help you to work out the annual return over the period it was estimated - and this should be comparable between stocks. One should just be careful with the calculation so that allowance for dividends is made sensibly.
It is worth noting first that interest and short-term dividends/capital gains are all taxed at the same rate. So all the investments below I mention (even savings accounts) will be taxed at the same rate.  Also, even short-term capital losses can often be harvested to reduce your tax rate in many countries. While it is worth paying attention to the taxes when investing in the short term the more important factor is how much risk that you can take or want to take with the money.  Most equity portfolios like the S&P index give a much higher risk that there will be much less in the account when you need to buy.  You generally have a higher expected return with equity but as you mention that return is very random over such a short period. Over such a short variable period many people will invest in short term bond-index funds or just keep the fund in a high-yielding savings account.  With the savings account your money is guaranteed.  Short term bond funds will have generally higher yields but a small chance you may lose money in the short term. Some people can trade short-term bond indices for free with their broker but if you can't be sure to include the trading costs when thinking about which investment to use as with how low yields are currently the fees may eat up any advantage you gain.
I will answer this question broadly for various jurisdictions, and also specifically for the US, given the OP's tax home: Generally, for any tax jurisdiction If your tax system relies on periodic prepayments through the year, and a final top-up/refund at the end of the year (ie: basically every country), you have 3 theoretical goals with how much you pre-pay: Specifically, for the U.S. All information gathered from here: https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/estimated-taxes. In short, depending on your circumstance, you may need to pay quarterly estimated tax payments to avoid penalties on April 15th. Even if you won't be penalized, you, may benefit from doing so anyway (to force yourself to save the money necessary by April 15th).  I have translated the general goals above, into US-specific advice:
Compared to a regular after tax savings account, there are several downsides of HsA: 1) many many fees by the bank - account opening fee, monthly maintenance fee, etc, up to $70/year 2) early withdrawal fee of now 20% of all the withdrawn monies. If you are in the 35% tax bracket, this will cost you %55 ---- they take more than half of your money if you make a mistake and must withdraw early for non-med purposes. There is no such downsides with regular savings accounts that are after tax. For more, see http://www.myvirtualschool.com/video/830/Attention:-Five-Secret-HSA-Account-Traps
Not really.  There are rules against subsidizing markets that inflict injury on like industries among WTO nations.  Bombardier is violating that rule by getting subsidies for commercial airliners.   Boeing gets government loans for Department Of Defense contracts, but not for commercial jets.  Canada has a bad habit of side stepping NAFTA and WTO guidelines and they're upset someone is finally calling them on it.  If Canada wants to subsidize markets that fellow WTO nations do not participate in, fine. They have that opportunity. Bombardier was not that.
Yeah, there's no story of some kid from Canada uploading a video to YouTube for free and becoming an instant millionaire success. Oh, [wait](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Bieber).  All that aside, you do have a somewhat valid point. Most new artists aren't going to make $1 million in a week releasing their standup. But the old model still needs to change and the greed in the entertainment industry needs to be quashed. They used to provide a good/ok service, but they've failed to innovate.
I can't even remember the last time I tried buying a shoe at Foot Locker and they actually had my size.  No, I don't want you to place an online order for me that I can do myself when I get home.
Actually, most insurance policies DON'T have a cash value if you don't make a claim.  The reason that some life insurance policies do this is that they are really tax sheltered investments posing as insurance.  With that in mind, the root of your question is really whether insurance premiums are wasted if you never make a claim. It really makes no difference if you are talking about EI, Auto, or Homeowner's insurance. My answer to that is no. What you are paying for when you buy insurance is financial risk avoidance. Look at it this way, you don't buy EI as an investment where you hope to get a return on your investment. You are buying the right to be protected against catastrophic financial difficulty associated with losing your job. Whether you claim it or not you did receive that protection. This is what drives me so crazy when I hear people talk about how an insurance company is ripping you off because you paid more in premiums than they paid out in benefits. Of course you did! If most people didn't pay in more than the company paid out there would be no financial interest for someone to form an insurance company.
Sounds about right. From [Give Well](http://www.givewell.org/how-we-work/our-criteria/cost-effectiveness):  &gt; As of November 2016, the median estimate of our top charities' cost-effectiveness ranged from ~$900 to ~$7,000 per equivalent life saved (a metric we use to compare interventions with different outcomes, such as income improvements and averting a death) .
Not sure if your question is on topic, but the investment is only $9 because that is maximum amount of money the merchant ever needed to start up the business. He put in $9, started turning a profit, and never looked back.
I am touched that you think I can start a civil war on reddit.  You are a presumptuous fool and completely missed the point.  I did not blame my employers for this country's oppressive monetary system.  They did not design it, and they also struggle under it.  Your incapacity for empathy of people who were not born lucky and have to struggle to make ends meet and live every day with financial worries is the asshole attitude of the rich fuckers of whom I speak.  I am sure you enjoyed masturbating over your hallucinations about who you think I am.  You must be one of privileged brats who has never applied for a job and has no idea what it takes to start or succeed in business if you think it is so easy.  Or maybe you have stockholm syndrome and learned to enjoy taking it in the ass.
Only having 1200 dollars sounds extremely dangerous and in my opinion is not a sound situation to intentionally put yourself into.   You have what, 11k total? That is roughly a rainy day fund, depending on your expenses and clarity of cash flow. I think you should keep that money in the bank as your new baseline. At least 10k of it. Don't touch that money unless you need to pay for an unexpected expense.  Now, you have $0 to work with, but a safe-ish cushion.   Then, and only then, should any extra money be used for either paying down the loan or tax advantaged accounts. A retirement account is probably the right long term financial choice. However, if it were me and I were (back) in that kind of situation, I would pay off the loan first, primarily for personal satisfaction, then start maxing retirement contributions.
Exactly. Target has one of the most sophisticated IT/Inventory Management systems in the retail industry. They definitely knew about this and chose to allow it.   The fact that they renewed the deal, after it expired, with the same terms is further proof that they were OK with this behavior.
Right because there aren't any electric cars in existence other than the Tesla.  Last time I checked there are at least 3 of them out there priced for normal consumption.  Either way your argument was already iterated in my comment if you had bothered to read it.
Navy Federal Credit Union recently added this feature.  It is free for members  making a deposit to their personal checking account, though you have to be a member for at least 90 days to be eligible. I have an all-in-one printer with flatbed scanner and availed myself of the service a couple of days ago.  There wasn't any additional software involved as everything was done through the web browser, as shown the scan deposit demo.  The only problem I had was figuring out how to align the check for it to be scanned completely (had to place the check in the middle of the scanner, aligned lengthwise; that was more of a hassle to figure out that one would suppose). That was it.  I immediately received an e-mail confirmation that my deposit had been approved and processed. While Navy Federal's scan deposit FAQ is specific to them, of course, it is pretty comprehensive and gives one an idea of the general restrictions applied to the service.
When you want to hire personal assistants, you must be sure that you are hiring in a trusted company or the person you talk to have been proven by a lot of people. You must be wise in choosing one because these people will handle some of your personal things and data.
The charts suggest otherwise. Although most of the large gains were wiped out in 2008 and 2011, that doesn't include the substantial dividends you are likely to get with financials. They still returned a positive percentage and some outperformed benchmark indices over time.   But hey, don't let your bias get in the way.
"&gt;"" I think we can all agree people are not a commodity that is valued in dollars.""  I don't agree with that statment. Ever read an economics textbook? There are three [factors of production](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factors_of_production) Land, Labor, and Capital. Labor (ie. people) are a commodity that are valued in dollars. The United States governement [values a human life](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Value_of_life#United_States) at around +/- $10 million dollars. The claims that high minimum wages force people out  of the labor force is supported by many famous economists. Milton Friedman (a noble prize winning economist) stated in regards to the [minimum wage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca8Z__o52sk) that ""People whose skills are not sufficient to justify that kind of a wage will be unemployed."""
Republican voters need to stop thinking that the GOP supports small business. In fact they dont, they work agressively to margnialize small business because small businesses dont have the political clout that large multinationals do. What happens in this scenario? You the small busienss owner end up subdiziding the cost of big business in the form of higher taxes while big corporations get away scot free. Stop believing that the GOP wants to help small business when the GOP has supported every pro-monpolization and pro-consolidation law for the past 90 years. I sympathize with workers who do personal care, other kinds of jobs where they really are at the mercy of the market, where making smart decisions that negatively impact employees is often a choice between staying in business or not.
There are several ways that the issuers profit from CFDs. If the broker has trades on both sides (buy and sell) they can net the volumes off against each other and profit off the spread whilst using the posted margins to cover p&l from both sides. Because settlement for most securities is not on the same day that the order is placed they can also buy the security with no intention of taking delivery and simply sell it off at the end of day to pass delivery on to someone else. Here again they profit from the spread and that their volumes give them really low commissions so their costs are much lower than the value of the spread. If they have to do this rather than netting the position out the spreads will be wider.  Sometimes that may be forced to buy the security outright but that is rare and the spreads will be even wider so that they can make a decent profit.
I'm looking for another one right now. Here's what I've found: Los Alamos National Bank (www.lanb.com) has tokens ($5?), but I think they only open accounts for New Mexico residents. I've had one for several years. USAA Savings Bank (usaa.com) has tokens ($5 or free, I don't remember). I'm pretty sure you do NOT need to be a USAA member to open an account. I've had one for a couple of years. Several banks (Frost Bank, American National Bank of Texas, Amegy Bank, and probably many, many more) offer them as part of their Treasury Management accounts, meant for big businesses and charged for accordingly. Happy State Bank (in, where else, Happy, Texas) has a web page saying they have them but their services charges were more than I wanted to pay. ClearSky Bank (an Internet bank started by Chesapeake Bank) claims on their web page to have them but I haven't verified that yet. Still looking...
Capital is an Asset. Decreasing value of capital is the decreasing value of an asset. When you buy the forex asset * DR Forex Asset * CR Cash When you sell * DR Cash  * CR Forex Asset The difference is now accounted for Here is how: Gains (and losses) are modifications to your financial position (Balance sheet). At the end of the period you take your financial performance (Profit and Loss) and put it into your balance sheet under equity. Meaning that afterwards your balance sheet is better or worse off (Because you made more money = more cash or lost it, whatever). You are wanting to make an income account to reflect the forex revaluation so at the end of the period it is reflected in profit then pushed into your balance sheet. Capital gains directly affect your balance sheet because they increase/decrease your cash and your asset in the journal entry itself (When you buy and sell it). If making money this way is actually how you make you make an income it is possible to make an account for it. If you do this you periodically revalue the asset and write off the changes to the revaluation account. You would do something like *DR Asset *CR Forex Revaluation account; depending on the method you take. Businesses mostly do this because if the capital gains are their line of business they will be taxed on it like it is income. For simplicity just account for it when you buy and sell the assets (Because you as an individual will only recognise a profit/loss when you enter and exit). Its easier to think about income and expenses are extensions of equity. Income increases your equity, expenses decrease it. This is how they relate to the accounting formula (Assets = Liabilities + Owners Equity)
It was about a decade between splitting consulting off and the IPO, including 3 years of legal action to allow the consulting branch to become a fully independent entity, and the partners on each side were not exactly best friends during that time. Not exactly a quick money grab. (also please note that Andersen created a new consulting group *before* the IPO of what was then Andersen Consulting, and this was what lead directly to the lawsuit)
Since nobody seems to have an answer here is the list I've came up so far: I'll keep adding to the list - also feel free to edit or comment if can add to the list.
"notably spending money on PR and advertising to sell the narrative that the ""liberal/communist"" president is going to take guns away so ignorant and gullible retards go out to buy them ""before it's too late."". Every democratic president is an opportunity in the eyes of the gun lobby regardless of what the actual policy is"
In some places government grants exist to provide safe places in communities.   Angel Investors, SCORE, there are many types of ways to get it done.   I will tell you that once you start a business you'll definitely have to drop the defeatist attitude. I heard from so many people that we would never make it, even family members, now we regularly have 50-100 people stop by on Friday or Saturday nights, we have all nighters every weekend, tournaments, and other gamer gatherings.   The small businesses that succeed are the ones that don't stop because it seems impossible. Most LAN type places that remain open offer more than just games to play. Tech repair, PC's, tablets, phones, ect.
Your out-of-context argument is the thing with no basis in reality.  Other retailers do the very things I'm talking about, all while thriving.  Costco is the example that readily springs to mind.   Wal-Mart already pays below market wages anyway.  You think there's some slightly more skilled body of workers just itching to work at Wal-Mart, if only Wal-Mart would pay more?  There might be some people who could drift between Costco, Wal-Mart, Trader Joes.. what have you, but it's not like Wal-Mart workers are inherently worse.  They are just treated worse.    You ask why people 'choose' to work at Wal-Mart? Are you really that shortsighted?  Why don't all mom and pop stores just 'choose' to lower their prices to compete with Wal-mart?  Oh right, it's not feasible for them because they don't own their whole supply chain.  People don't choose to work for Wal-Mart vs other places, it's because Wal-Mart literally shuts down entire small towns mainstreets.    Nothing I'm talking about has anything to do with productivity, which really doesn't apply here.  At the retail level, all workers are essentially the same.  What, exactly, are they producing? They provide a service.  You are conflating macroeconomic theory with real world business.
"I would make this a comment but I am not allowed apparently. Unless your continent blows up, you'll never lost all your money.  Google ""EUR USD"" if you want news stories or graphs on this topic.  If you're rooting for your 10k USD (but not your neighbors), you want that graph to trend downward."
You aren't in trouble yet, but you are certainly on a trajectory to be later. The longer you wait the more painful it will be because you won't have the benefit of time for your money to grow. You may think you will have more disposable income at some point later when things are paid off, but trust me you wont. When college tuition kicks in for that kid, you are going to LAUGH at those student loan amounts as paltry. The wording of your question was confusing because you say in one place that you have no savings, but in another you claim to be putting away around $5k/year. The important point is how much you have saved at this point and how much you are putting in going forward. Some rules of thumb from Fidelity: (Based on your scenario) Take a look at your retirement account. Are you on track for that? It doesn't sound like it.  Can you get away with your current plan? Sure, lots of people do, but unless you die young, hit the jackpot in the stock market or lottery, you are probably going to have to live WELL below your current standard of living to make that happen.
No. Your deposits should not have been accepted in the first place. No legit rollover opportunity exists.  Related - Can excess 401K contributions returned with 1099-R be rolled over to a Traditional IRA?
"It was Telecommunications.  And always Philadelphia customers.  Worst market ever, because we were a bottom level company that they had already got banned by Verizon and AT&amp;T for lack of payment.  ""You can't cut us off! my babies got the asthmas!  And that means you cant cut our service off!""    ""...Well no, you can have a basic phone as long as you pay $14.95 technically, but your TV is cut, your internet is cut....and you still haven't paid a single dollar in six months!""  ""Ill call the BBB.""  ""Do it, here is the number."""
I don't know of a country in the developed world with legalized cocaine, I think it was at least decriminalized in Portugal, but I doubt they have a substantial cocaine problem to begin with.   It would be a bold step to have cocaine become industrialized like alcohol in the US, and my concern is that it would be even more widely used in exchange for decreased cartel violence; which would be a wash at best. Marijuana decriminalization is another story, but I don't agree with legalization of cocaine, heroin, or methamphetamine.
The time horizon applicable to the price target is always specified by the broker or bank which published the research report.  You will find this information in the disclaimer, which is present on every research report. Usually it is 12 months, but some firms give 6 months price targets. However, you should never rely on the price target alone and always combine it with the following details (to name a few): Are the analyst's estimate above or below consensus estimates (or company guidance), did the analyst rise or lower its estimates. What is the rating on the stock (Buy, Sell, Hold...), when did he change his rating or price target.  Does the firm do business with the company? (which may influence a bullish tone and optimistic price target).
Do you have signature authority or interest in the account? Then yes. Interest in the account means that you wire $25K to your dad, but the money still belongs to you (I.e.: if you ask for it your dad will give it back to you).
"We're both wrong.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_dismal_science  &gt; ""The dismal science"" is a derogatory alternative name for economics coined by the Victorian historian Thomas Carlyle in the 19th century. The term drew a contrast with the then-familiar use of the phrase ""gay science"" to refer to song and verse writing.[1]"
I just found this old post. I worked in this field 4 years ago. The information is old. I assume the players are mostly the same.  AIR in Boston and EQE in Oakland do the computer modeling for cat bonds and reinsurance. Hedge funds will often hire guys who have worked with the software.  Swiss Re is the investment bank for cat bonds.   The hedge funds that do cat bonds exclusively are pretty boutiquey. The exception is DE Shaw.  Reinsurance is a pretty good entry into cat bonds.  just some thoughts. get back to me if you have more questions.
Although valuable details are available using the internet keywords offered, it is still important to seek advice from people who have had the surgery treatment about the opinions of experts. This way, you can gain knowledge from the personal encounters of others and know what can be expected. All of these things can help you choose the right Eye Doctor in Barrington IL.
Thank you.  I was going to post this.  It should be the top comment.  I think that Elizabeth Warren's ideas here are much more thoroughly researched, and present a much more comprehensive and compelling explanation than most of the uninformed opinions being spouted.
In the region, my school was well regarded, but you could call it a target school for the firm.  2 of their more senior partners were alum, so they made it a priority to recruit from our school (the other big accounting firms didn't have that connection and only took a couple grads).
This. I am as liberal as the next guy, but hearing this sub become a place to rave about political views is getting old. That is why I hardly ever post here. I am more interested in the direction of the economy than placing blame or giving credit.
Do NOT use the same LLC.  By default he would own 1/2 of the DBA so you would have to hire an attorney to section it off.  Then you have to worry about him changing his mind later and suing you if the DBA is sucessful.  Not to mention the EIN controls the cash and tax flow and the DBA would be using the same EIN so it gets really murky.  Don't even consider it, just create a new LLC.
Is this true though? I mean say if you increase taxes for the wealthy to 50% you'll end up with the state that certainly has significantly more money. But the trouble is the state hasn't been very good at spending it. Look at the kind of stuff they get up to with the cash they have now. They fight wars, build massive jails and involve themselves where it's none of their business. Do you really want them to have more money? I'd be less concerned if they proposed higher taxes for stuff like basic income but I don't see higher taxes just by themselves as really being helpful.
People rave about Basecamp by 37signals.  The impressive part is all the add-ins you can get for it.  There are add-ins for invoicing, billing, accounting, and time tracking.
I suspect the real problem is that the stagnation of middle-class salaries vs. Lego being something of a premium (though worth it!) toy. Add in that Millennials are waiting longer to form long-term relationships and the dropping birth rate (at least in the US)...  The durability factor surely doesn't help - folks more likely to pass down their own kits instead of buying more, and I'm guessing there's a thriving lego market on eBay as well?   Figure all the above together are the problem.
Go to flightaware or flightradar24. You can track any airplane (a few exceptions) on an IFR flight plan, which a 747 will certainly be.   If they were going for sneaky, smaller planes that don't get tracked would be ideal.   Source: pilot
It is highly unlikely that this would be approved by a mortgage underwriter.   When the bank gives a loan with a security interest in a property (a lien), they are protected - if the borrower does not repay the loan, the property can be foreclosed on and sold, and the lender is made whole for the amount of the loan that was not repaid.   When two parties are listed on the deed, then each owns an UNDIVIDED 50% share in the property.  If only one party has pledged the property as surety against the loan, then in effect only 50% of the property is forecloseable.  This means that the bank is unable to recoup its loss.   For a (fictional, highly simplified) concrete example, suppose that the house is worth $100,000 and Adam and Zoe are listed on the deed, but Adam is the borrower for a $100,000 mortgage.  Adam owes $100,000 and has an asset worth $50,000 (which he has pledged as security for the loan), while Zoe owes nothing and has an asset worth $50,000 (which is entirely unencumbered).  If Adam does not pay the mortgage, the bank would only be able to foreclose on his $50,000 half of the property, leaving them exposed to great risk.   There are other legal and financial reasons, but overall I think you'll find it very difficult to locate a lender who is willing to take that kind of risk.  It's very complicated and there is absolutely no up-side.   Also - speaking from experience (from which I was protected because of the bank's underwriting rules) and echoing the advice offered by others on this site: don't bother trying.  Commingling assets without a contract (either implicit by marriage or explicit by, well a contract) is going to get you in trouble.
They immediately make money by charging you the initial 2.39% fee.  In the long term they make money because a surprisingly large number of customers don't pay the balance off, or otherwise violate the terms of the offer, so that the 18.95% rate applies.   And sometimes, depending on card policies, they make money when the consumer makes new purchases on the card which accrue interest immediately at the 18.95% rate while payments only go to paying down the 0% rate balance.
The weird thing is that Walmart and maybe Kohl's sales are becoming the economic conscience of America.   If Kohl's does better because Walmart shoppers move up a notch -- cool.   If Kohl's is doing bad, and Walmart's down, and especially if Walmart necessities of life items are doing poorly, we know things are going the wrong way.
Slack is just fancy IRC. Not exactly hard to clone. Its why Microsoft teams now exist, and FOSS answers like rocket. Chat and mattermost are out there.   Why pay billions for something their devs could spin off in a few weeks?
I used to do the opposite when I needed to rent a car locally.  I would request the bottom of the line and tell them that I will pick up at one of our expensive resorts.  They never had any Kia Sorentos, but they had nice Lincolns and other high end vehicles for Kia prices.  I'm sorry, we don't have the Ford Escort you reserved, so I'll give you a Towncar for the Escort price.
"This report raises even more questions than it answers. From pg. 36 (pt. #176):  &gt;Concerns were again raised to Compliance in relation to an instruction to reduce LIBOR submissions given by senior management on 29 October 2008. This instruction was given **following a telephone conversation between a senior individual at Barclays and the Bank of England during which the external perceptions of Barclays LIBOR submissions were discussed.**  The Bank of England was potentially involved as well? First I've heard. The report goes on to state ""No instruction for Barclays to lower its LIBOR submissions was given during this telephone conversation."" But they don't say why they rule it out so definitively. Very interesting."
Please either remove the $50 going to the 529 plan or move it into a ROTH IRA instead. You can always use your ROTH contributions to pay for college expenses in the future if you want to. I suspect you may not have enough saved up for retirement to have the luxury to help with college though.
"The bank SHOULD be able to issue you a new card without letting vendors roll over the recurring payments. In fact, I've never had a bank move recurring payments to a new card automatically, or even upon request; they've always told me to contact the vendor and give them my new card number. So go back to the bank, tell them specifically that you have a security issue and you want the new card issued WITHOUT carrying over any recurring charges, and see if they can do it properly. If not: 1) Issue a ""charge back"" every time a bogus charge comes in. This costs the vendor money, and should convince them to stop trying to access your card. It's a hassle because you have to keep contacting the bank about the bad charges, but it won't cost you more than time and a phone call or letter.  (The bank can tell you what their preferred process is for this.) 2) Consider moving to a bank that isn't stupidly over-helpful."
There are forums online (Wall Street Oasis, Poets and Quants) that cover what you need to know for a Wall Street interview. That's the most efficient way.  But it's also important to research the company that you're interviewing for. Do they invest in equity or debt? Are they in a specialized industry (e.g., real estate, oil &amp; gas)? A model for a equity research firm is going to have different priorities from a LBO model for a private equity firm or a cash flow model for a bank/lending company.
The HST is a sales tax levied on most goods and services. It is important to realize that in both BC and Ontario, the new HST does not (in most cases) result in an increase in sales tax paid. For example, in Ontario the PST is 8% and when combined with the GST the sales tax is 13%. With the HST, the GST and PST are replaced by a single HST of 13% so the tax bill does not change. Some services that were previously not subject to PST (such as mutual fund service fees and labour) will now be subject to the HST. So some things will increase. Over time, this should not have a material impact on the consumer due to the way businesses remit GST/HST.
You chose the worst case though, his last year alive. The GDP of the world is something like $85 trillion.  1.05^x = 85 *10^12  x = log base 1.05(85*10^12 ) //reddit should add subscripts, that would be nice  x = 657   2014-x = 1357   He was born in 1343, so if he invested when he was 14 he would be good.
Setting aside for the moment the very relevant issue of whether you need the full amount quickly, I'll just tackle comparing which option gives you to maximum amount of money (in terms of real dollars). The trick is, unless you think inflation will suddenly reverse itself or stop entirely (not likely), $50K today is worth a LOT more than $50K in 20 years. If you don't believe me, consider that just 30 years ago the average price for a mid-level new car was around $3k. When you grandfather says he got a burger for a nickel, he isn't talking about 2010 dollars.  So, how do you account for this? Well, the way financial people and project managers do it to estimate how much to pay today for $1 at some point in the future is through a net present value (NPV) calculation. You can find a calculator here. In your question, you gave some numbers for the payout, but not the lump sum prize amount. Going solely on what you have provided, I calculate that you should take the lump sum if it is greater than $766,189.96 which is the net present value of 20 years of $50K Payments assuming 3% annual inflation, which is fairly a fairly reasonable number given history. However, if you think the out-of-control Gov't spending is going to send inflation through the roof (possible, but not a given), then you almost certainly would want the lump sum. I suppose in that scenario you might want the lump sum anyway because if the Govt starts filching on their obligations, doing it to a small number of lottery winners might be politically more popular than cutting other programs that affect a large number of voters.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/03/business/economy/high-end-medical-care.html) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Not to be outdone, Lenox Hill Hospital in New York recently hired a veteran of Louis Vuitton and Nordstrom, Joe Leggio, to create an atmosphere that would remind V.I.P. patients of visiting a luxury boutique or hotel, not a hospital.  &gt; &amp;quot;This is something that patients asked for, and we want to go from three-star service to five-star service,&amp;quot; said Mr. Leggio, the hospital&amp;#039;s director of patient and customer experience.  &gt; What about everyone else? Mr. Traina doesn&amp;#039;t see much future for the conventional family doctor, except for patients who go the concierge route.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6fea3z/nytimes_feature_about_concierge_care_the_rise_of/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~136869 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **patient**^#1 **Dr.**^#2 **Hospital**^#3 **doctor**^#4 **family**^#5"
Original concept originates from Marx - commodity fetishism. I believe Paul Bowles merely re-explained this concept with the examples of modern consumer devices.   Marx goes on to argue that because we eliminate the perception of social relationships involved in production, we forget that an item holds subjective economic value, and henceforth transform items into those that hold intrinsic value of themselves.
Large-scale price range of a stock isn't directly meaningful; that reflects how many shares exist, not just how desirable they are. A stock split, for example, doubles the number of shares everyone holds while cutting the value of each share in half; that's meaningless except that it makes the shares a bit easier to trade in. Change in price is more interesting. In the case of energy companies, that often reflects major changes in energy supply, distribution, use, or how well positioned people feel the company is for the next change in these. Fracking's surge and the questions raised against it, whether a major pipeline will or won't be built, international energy price trends, breakthroughs in renewables... if it might affect energy price, it might affect the company's strength, both absolute and relative to others. In other words, the same kinds of things that affect any stock.
Are you looking for coupons for the products and services you use on a regular basis? When you’re on the hunt for coupons, look no further than GetBidOn.com! We’re your one-stop-show for personalized offers discounts, deals, offers, and coupons for almost anything you can think of!
I use the forum seeking alpha. http://seekingalpha.com/
&gt;banking practises thrive through deception.  and &gt;A bank is in other words, just moving money from A to B and then making profit out of thin air due to the capitalistic systems nature  and  &gt;they are private govt agencies  I realize these are just snippets, but from other debate threads it seems there is a lot of misinformation about what banks are. I have only taken a few finance classes so I was coming here to see what /r/finance thinks a bank is.   Sorry if I let me own bias show in my post, I wasnt trying to let it. But I still havent seen anyone mention the benefits of credit. It seems most peoples perception of a bank is very simplistic.
EBIT could be lower due to non-operating revenues such as investments in other companies, tax reliefs, adjustments to incorrect loss provisions and various other items that would not be part of the companies day to day operations.  Be careful and read the footnotes and managements discussion for those items, they should be disclosed to some extent.
Medical Office Rental - Florida Medical Space, Inc. is a full service commercial real estate brokerage and development firm based in South Florida.  We provide a full range of services to property owners and healthcare providers of all sizes and types.
Sorry, missed this reply in with all the others. Apparently I touched some nerves, and I saw the comment got linked to a Libertarian sub.   Your argument assumes that there is no choice. Isn't a bedrock of Libertarian policy self sufficiency? Slaves were called slaves because they were absolutely controlled through force, and the threat of death or severe physical torture. If you are trying to equate that to taxes and the penalties for not paying them, then that truly is an argument from the extreme.   I used an example of being a grown capable adult, and living in a drug dealers house. You have the ability to leave at any time if you wanted, but there would be a cost of course - moving isn't free, and you might have to answer to the drug dealer if he had expectations of you. However, if you truly dissagreed with how he was living and making his money, wouldn't you try to change his ways? And if you couldn't, wouldn't you leave - otherwise aren't you implicitly endorsing his way of life?
I was actually planning for the CFA. But with not being sure about doing a job anytime soon, and needing four years after the CFA for the charter, I decided against it. Also, I live in a foreign country so getting a job isn't easy for me.
What you may be looking for are multi-manager ETFs; these invest in a basket of diversified funds to get the best out of all of the funds. The problem with multi-manager funds is, of course, that you pay fees twice; once to the fund itself and once to each of the funds in the fund. The low fees on ETFs mean that it is not very profitable to actively maintain one so there are not many around (Googling returns very few). Noting that historic success doesn't guarantee future success and that fees are being applied to fees these funds only really benefit from diversification of manager performance risk. partial source of information and an example of a (non-outperforming) Multi-manager ETF: http://www.etfstrategy.co.uk/advisorshares-sets-date-for-multi-manager-etf-with-charitable-twist-give-53126/
"There is something to be said for government-funded high risk R&amp;D. Startups which receive SBIR grants are much more likely to reach commercial success. Also, ""high-tech"" firms receive far less of their funding from private sources since they are generally higher risk. Because much of our recent growth has been in high-tech industries and because most high-tech startups get funding from public grants we have seen an increased importance of programs like SBIR. Just to substantiate this claim, here is a [source](http://www.springerlink.com/content/a684510qk6600666/fulltext.pdf) which shows that high-tech firms with less than 1000 employees in the US receive on average between 33-39% of their funding from public grants. In comparison, in the UK it is 6-11%. It is no coincidence that America has led the world in both public R&amp;D spending and innovation."
The article does not support this at all.  &gt; profits would gush if breakneck growth were to stop. Uber says it is profitable in cities where it has operated longest, such as San Francisco. Nextera says that if it stopped investing in new capacity, it would make $6bn of free cashflow a year.
Wearing decent clothes is not enough but you should wear a decent brand of footwear to complete your look. Going to get branded footwear would cost you high and you do not even able to find out the best bet. Buying a Gucci Sneaker would really give you dashing and a smart look. But, if you are trying to find G sneakers, then the internet may be the best place to go. You will not just have completely different choices.
How can there be an outflow while prices have increased? Assuming for every seller, there is a buyer, should the amount of us securities sold match the amount purchased? What exactly defines an outflow? Is it defined based off the amount at which the stock was sold today, or the original purchase price the seller bought the stock at?
**Phase-out of lightweight plastic bags**  In many countries of the world, there has been a phase-out of lightweight plastic bags. Single-use plastic shopping bags, commonly made from low-density polyethylene (LDPE) plastic, have traditionally been given free to customers by stores when purchasing goods—a popular method considered a strong, cheap, and hygienic way of transporting items. Problems associated with plastic bags include use of non-renewable resources (such as crude oil, gas and coal), disposal, and environmental impacts.  Governments all over the world have taken action to ban the sale of lightweight bags, charge customers for lightweight bags and/or generate taxes from the stores who sell them.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.27
I don't think communism is bad as a form of government at all.  I do think that people can in no way be trusted with it though, both leaders and the population.  Also, socialist programs are horrible in the U.S. specifically because they have 32455 different departments all trying to run programs, causing overhead to be ridiculous.  There really needs to be a lot of reform with that. =/
It was then we determined that with our large revel in within the textiles, recycling enterprise. We'd begin in our quest to help Africa and open our first cash 4 garments shop. At Recycle four Cash for clothes kent, we offer a friendly, rapid and reliable provider to every person seeking our offerings. We remember the fact that you may favor donating your garb to charity; HOWEVER, did you already know by the point the retail outlet of the charity pays its walking costs, handiest a small percent will go to the actual charity. Should you desire to donate the monies we pay you to the charity.
"Technically it doesn't matter what size the check is. In fact, it doesn't even have to be written on paper. While writing it on a cow may not always fly, almost any object actually will. That said, more to the question asked - you can definitely use the smaller ""personal""-sized checks for a business account. The larger checks formatted to the ""letter"" page size: if you cut it into three equal pieces with a tiny bit left for the binder holes - you'll get exactly three check-sized pieces. This is convenient for those printing checks, keeping carbon-copy records etc. Regarding the MICR line: I just checked my business check book, which is of a smaller ""personal"" size (that I got for free from the bank) - the check number is at the end."
Is investing more money into a stock that you already have a stake, in which has gone up in price a good idea? What you describe here is a good idea when the stock keeps up-trending. The way to do it is say you have originally bought $1000 worth of shares, then the next purchase you buy $500 worth, then $250 worth. It is called pyramiding into your trades. However, this system would not be the best with simply a buy and hold when you keep holding even if the price starts freefalling. You would need to have a trailing stop loss on your initial trade, and then as you buy each additional trade your trailing stop loss would incorporate the additional trade and move to a level where if you get stopped out you will make an overall profit. With each additional trade your trailing stop will move higher and higher for higher protected profits. The whole point behind pyramid trading is to keep buying more of a stock that keeps performing well to increase your profits. However, each additional purchase is half the previous one so that you don't eat too much into existing profits (in the case of the uptrend reversing) and so as to not overcapitalise on the one stock. So you are using part of your existing profits in an attempt to make more profits.
Welcome to the real world :-)  There really aren't all that many ways for ordinary employees to lower taxes.  You could put more in your 401k, buy a house (for the mortgage interest deduction, which lets you deduct some other things instead of taking standard deduction), or move to a different state to get rid of the state tax.
"Sure. For starters, you can put it in a savings account. Don't laugh, they used to pay noticeable interest. You know, back in the olden days.  You could buy an I-bond from Treasury Direct. They're a government savings bond that pays a specified amount of interest (currently 0%, I believe), plus the amount of the inflation rate (something like 3.5% currently, I believe). You don't get paid the money -- the I-bond grows in value till you sell it. You can open a discount brokerage account, and buy 1 or more shares of stock in a company you like. Discount brokerages generally have a minimum of $500 or so, but will waive that if you set the account up as an IRA. Scot Trade, for instance. (An IRA, in case you didn't know, is a type of account that's tax free but you can't touch it till you turn 59 1/2. It's meant to help you save for retirement.) Incidentally, watch out of ""small account"" fees that some brokerages might charge you. Generally they're annual or monthly charges they'd charge you to cover their costs on your account -- since they're certainly not going to make it in commissions. That IRA at Scot Trade is no-fee. Speaking of commissions, those will be a big chunk of that $100. It'll be like $7-$10 to buy that stock -- a pretty big bite. However, many of these discount brokerages also offer some mutual funds for no commission. Those mutual funds, in turn, have minimums too, but once again if your account's an IRA many will waive the minimum or set it low -- like $100."
"    Crumbling infrastructure after decades of insufficient funding and maintenance throughout the country.  Crumbling"" gets thrown out a lot. Just because we don't build high speed trains that we cannot afford doesn't mean our infrastructure is crumbling. We have the best freight railroad network in the world, the best highway system in the world, and cities all over the country are heavily investing in mass transit.""   Wait - how many bridges collapsed in the past few years?  How many more need major renovation or replacement?   How many water mains broke last year?  How stressed is our power grid?  Infrastructure goes way beyond the rail systems."
There are two independent sets of terms we need to define in order to answer your question.  I am trying to understand the difference between Value, Blend, and Growth These are different categories of mutual funds: Value: discounted or undervalued stocks. This is often measured by a difference between the stock's price and the Net Asset Value (NEV). Growth: stocks that fund managers believe are poised for significant growth (increase in stock price and NEV). Blend: a blend of two categories of stocks. In this context it probably refers to a combination of growth and value stocks, but it just depends on the context.  I want to receive dividend and Growth These are ways to receive earnings from a stock or fund. Dividend: a direct cash payment from owning a stock or a fund. Stocks and funds who pay out 100% of their profits don't have any money leftover to grow themselves and either stagnate or shrink. Growth: an increase manifesting itself in capital gains. If a stock or fund pays out zero dividends, then all profits are invested back into the company for fund, increasing its value. If you intend to automatically reinvest dividends, then receiving dividends is essentially the same as receiving profit through capital gains. If you intend to sell stocks or funds periodically to get some extra spending cash, then receiving profits through capital gains is essentially the same as dividends.
let's all support the latest post added to www.securedcreditcardsonline.com! it offers excellent tips college students can use to find, qualify for and eventually get suitable lines of credit they can use for managing their day-to-day expenses. hope you will read it and share it with all your friends!
&gt;1. A big project to automate the entry of 2 invoices per month from a supplier. Is would take an employee less than 10 minutes a month to enter those 2 invoices manually into the system.   I am curious. Can't they apply the same solution for other suppliers?
Virtually zero risk of default; safety; diversification; guaranteed fixed income albeit very low; portfolio diversifier so it reduces total volatility; plus yields might drop even lower thus increasing the price of the bond.  Very unlikely given how obscenely low yields already are but still possible.  I thought nobody would ever buy a 10yr @ 3% and now look, rates are almost half as much and those 3% bonds are worth a lot more now on the secondary market.  Timing the bond market is really hard.
Out of what principle?  Your morals or the balance?  Either way, you will pay for it.  I pay it monthly if there’s a shortage.  I round my monthly payment up to the highest 100 and accept that as the new lowest payment.  Any extra goes to principle so I can be done with it.
"This questions is rational but ,in my view, definition of savings will be like this : ""Savings is that amount of money which will be useful in unexpected future cash demanding events or they will stay ideal through out your life"" Human can purchase/pursue  any luxury items at any point of time in their life but there will come several unavoidable events which will take away your savings and (some how) you will not have any control over it. Example: You found out you have a cancer at the age of 45. Doctor says you can under go several treatments and will be fine again. For this you will have to spend $1m. Now this can be considered as unavoidable expense and only your savings will be helpful to you in this kind of situations. So Savings is nothing but a money kept at a safe location which will be used in such unavoidable situations or they will stay ideal during your entire life time and your next generation will be able to use them after your death."
If you didn't have a stop loss set (or trailing stop loss) then an equally random spike in the other direction could have obliterated your account and put you in debt to the broker, depending on the terms of that broker, as these are highly leveraged positions. Market anomaly? If your currency bet was unrelated to the fed's interest rate decision today, then you should probably just stop trading.
This statement is somewhat hyperbolic but that's what kind of scares me about facebook.  This all seems pretty true.  Zuckerberg has always held a cavalier attitude toward user privacy from before facebook expanded out of Harvard.  Their plan when it comes to privacy matters is to shoot first and ask questions later.  Implement something new that pushes the privacy envelope and see if it is challenged.  It is a risk business strategy and I hope that one day they reevaluate it.
"First of all, never is too late to develop good habits. So, you know what you want to do and you are going about the how now... First, you should pay off any consumer debt except from mortgage which should be planned for. Prioritize your consumer debt (credit cards, consumer loans, etc) according to the interest rates, starting with the one with the highest interest and going to the one with the lowest one. Because you should make quite the investments to pay off this interest debt and still make a profit. Second, you should start saving some money. The 10% rule of thumb is a good one and for starters having aside the money you need to get by for at least 3 months is quite okay. As they say, cash is king. Now, that you actually realize the amount you can spare each month to start investing (assuming you had to do something of the aforementioned) it's time to see the risk you are comfortable taking. Different risk-taking views lead to different investing routes. So, assuming once again that you are risk averse (having a newborn baby and all) and that you want something more than just a savings account, you can start looking for things that don't require much attention (even more so if you are going on you own about it) such as low risk mutual funds, ETF (Exchange Traded Funds) and index funds to track indexes like FTSE and S&P500 (you could get an average annual return of 10-12%, just google ""top safe etfs"" for example and you could take a quick look at credible sites like forbes etc). Also, you can take a look at fixed income options such as government bonds. Last but not least, you can always get your pick at some value companies stocks (usually big companies that have proven track record, check warren buffet on this). You should look for stocks that pay dividends since you are in for the long run and not just to make a quick buck.  I hope I helped a bit and as always be cautious about investing since they have some inherent risks. If you don't feel comfortable with making your own investment choices you should contact a specialist like a financial planner or advisor. No matter what the case may be on this, you should still educate yourself on this... just to get a grasp on this."
"Also, when I tested between perl and shasum(cmdline), I found they got me different results.   A quick search showed that other people hit the same issue, that of an extra '\n' from echo : http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1843383/why-does-perl-and-bin-sha1-give-different-results  So it might be worthwhile doing an ""echo -n"" for this as well, when checking against the hash file."
Giulianis retarded no one should listen to him, ever. Not only the ideas he says are retarded but also he sounds retarded with his speech impediment. He was my mayor and he was great. Now he's a Dracula looking sell out for the Republican Party.
They weren't always so awful. If you weren't paying close attention, the gradual replacement of their old contrarian viewpoint with the Kremlin party line may have passed unnoticed.  I remember when Fabius Maximus called them out as a Russian influence op a few years back and I thought that was ridiculous. How wrong I was...
"Firstly (and this part is rather opinion-based) I would absolutely not think of making more pension contributions when you are currently totaling 6% of salary as ""over contributing"". There are some who argue that you should be putting a minimum of 20% away for retirement throughout your working life; you don't say how old you are / how close to retirement you are, but a common rule of thumb is to halve your age and put away that % of your salary into your pension. So I would certainly start with upping those contributions.  I actually don't think it makes much difference whether you go for just your workplace pension versus a separate private one - in general you end up paying management fees that are a % of the value, so whether it is in one place or split doesn't cost any less. The ""all eggs in one basket"" syndrome is a possible argument but equally if you change jobs a few times and end up with half a dozen pension pots it can be very hard to stay on top of them all. If you end up with everything in one pot and then transfer it when you change jobs, it's easier to manage. Other options:   ISA as you mentioned; on the plus side these are tax free. On the minus side, you can either go for a cash ISA which at the moment has very low rates of return, and/or a stocks and shares ISA which exposes you to risks in the stock market.   If you have debt, consider paying it off early / overpaying. Student loans may or may not be the exception to this depending on your personal situation. Certainly if you have a mortgage you can save a vast amount by overpaying early.   Other investments - stocks and shares, BTL housing, fine wines, Bitcoin, there are almost limitless possibilities. But it makes sense to max out the tax-efficient options before you look into these."
Agree to disagree there man in my experience in la ive see way more fights,domestic abuse,drunk driving, than ive ever witnessed what youre saying data definitely supports my experience also. I gotta say law enforcement doesnt do much about what youre talking about because its just not as dangerous as drinking and harder drugs so that makes sense. I also dont like like people being trashy and doing those things you mentioned . I think you might just  live in a bad neighborhood honestly in Venice maybe lol ?
You're correct. Amazon literally doesn't give a shit if they don't make profits for a while on this business. Hell it's potentially possible that their 1P business is still in the red and just used for the platform. Amazon isn't looking at whole foods for profit in the short term or even on a 5 year time horizon. They're looking to expand their presence into the fresh market, give people a local touch point to pick up online orders, and get more people into their platform.   It's completely likely you'll see some form of price decline.   Edit: just wanted to add, this is far from new.
I feel like the new mlm schemes are 'pay a thousand dollars for my blue print which will help you develop the business of your dreams and earn 100k a month!'  A lady contacted me about training because she couldn't afford one of those 'courses'. And I was like a) I have ten years experience in this I did not decide to do it overnight and b) it's high pressure and stressful as f.
Dedicate the majority if your time to paying close attention in your class. They will give you little chests to remember when it comes to options and other important areas. Take practice tests after every chapter you read. For the week before your test, take as many practice exams as possible. Mastering the practice exams is your key to success
"I think it started when the lines between tech and artist began blurring. Once something becomes insanely popular in Silicon Valley it has a way of, eventually, filtering to the rest of the world. _______________ The rest of your comment is exactly why I tell everyone in /r/Entrepreneur and similar subs to talk to a CPA.  My accountant is the one that convinced me to stop ""freelancing"" and build an actual business. Completely shifted my outlook for the better."
Drugs, and medicine in general, are most certainly not inelastic.   There is competition from less expensive analogs, and, unfortunately, nothing.  There is always an optimum price as long as there is a marketplace.  If we want cheaper drugs then we ought to reform patents (in a real sense) and lower barriers to competition.  Medical companies are obviously lowering their ethical safeguards for selling drugs cheap when they don't have to so that can't be relied upon anymore.
u just dont understand how money works.  u think u do, but u dont.  u dont even understand the problem.   the govt printed over 7 trillion, where is the hyperinflation?   explain to me what caused the inflation from 2001 to 2007 up until the bubble collapse and financial collapse of 2008.    and don't say fed 'money printing' coz it ain't true. don't say fractional reserve multiplier effect, coz that ain't true either.  see u don't even know.  if u keep arguing with me ur gonna get embarassed.  if u ask nicely, maybe i'll tell u.
Missouri.    There is silage use here, but the capital costs are prohibitive for all but the largest producers, and grass is cheap to produce compared to most silage crops for us.  It may be that silage is something we should look into.  I know most old farms here had silos, but almost all have fallen to ruin, and the only ones left are at large dairies.  I can't think of any that are used for beef.  Either way, rotation is cheaper than hay or silage.  We don't have any problem producing grass most of the year.
This is a gross simplification as there are a few different ways to do this. The principle overall is the same though. To short a stock, you borrow X shares from a third party and sell them at the current price. You now owe the lender X shares but have the proceeds from the sale. If the share price falls you can buy back those shares at the new lower price, return them to the lender and pocket the difference. The risk comes when the share price goes the other way, you now owe the lender the new value of the shares, so have to find some way to cover the difference. This happened a while back when Porsche made a fortune buying shares in Volkswagen from short sellers, and the price unexpectedly rose.
You can open a NRE account or a NRO account online before you leave the US and transfer the bulk of your money into it.  After returning to India, your tax status will be RNOR (Resident but Not Ordinarily Resident) and you can keep the NRE and NRO accounts for several years (three?) and can do whatever you like with the money in them: transfer the money to ordinary (resident) savings accounts, or reconvert back to US dollars for payment of any outstanding bills (e.g. credit card bills) or US taxes for 2017 etc.  Don't forget to close your US bank account before you leave. Many banks allow opening of NRE and NRO accounts on-line, though some paperwork needs to be sent in (e.g. copies of passport pages, signature cards etc). In most cases, one month is more than enough time to complete these formalities.
"My employer puts ""contractor"" in your email address if you're a contractor, just so no one mistakenly treats you like a real employee.  jsmith.contractor@company.com  They get crappy desks not much bigger than 1970s library carrels.  Some of them might be making more than I do, but I'd bet 6 months' salary that most of them aren't - a lot of them have that hangdog ""should I go for catfood again tonight or treat myself with some nice instant ramen?"" look."
Reporting costs on a fully-loaded basis means that the business should report costs directly and indirectly associated with its product and the relevant indirect costs, e.g. overhead, indirect charges, etc. If you're looking at a company in general, the fully-loaded cost basis of the firm is essentially all costs related to the product(s) it offers. In economics/accounting 101 terms, reporting costs on a fully-loaded basis means reporting both the fixed and variable costs associated with production. Fixed costs are costs that remain constant regardless of how much the firm produces, e.g. general overhead like rent, managers' salaries, etc. while variable costs are per-unit costs that may change as the firm increases or decreases production, e.g. the cost of materials, hourly wages, etc.
ACWI refers to a fund that tracks the MSCI All Country World Index, which is  A market capitalization weighted index designed to provide a broad measure of equity-market performance throughout the world. The MSCI ACWI is maintained by Morgan Stanley Capital International, and is comprised of stocks from both developed and emerging markets.  The ex-US in the name implies exactly what it sounds; this fund probably invests in stock markets (or stock market indexes) of the countries in the index, except the US. Brd Mkt refers to a Broad Market index, which, in the US, means that the fund attempts to track the performance of a wide swath of the US stock market (wider than just the S&P 500, for example). The Dow Jones U.S. Total Stock Market Index, the Wilshire 5000 index, the Russell 2000 index, the MSCI US Broad Market Index, and the CRSP US Total Market Index are all examples of such an index. This could also refer to a fund similar to the one above in that it tracks a broad swath of the several stock markets across the world. I spoke with BNY Mellon about the rest, and they told me this: EB - Employee Benefit (a bank collective fund for ERISA qualified assets) DL - Daily Liquid (provides for daily trading of fund shares) SL - Securities Lending (fund engages in the BNY Mellon securities lending program) Non-SL - Non-Securities Lending (fund does not engage in the BNY Mellon securities lending program) I'll add more detail. EB (Employee Benefit) refers to plans that fall under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, which are a set a laws that govern employee pensions and retirement plans. This is simply BNY Mellon's designation for funds that are offered through 401(k)'s and other retirement vehicles. As I said before, DL refers to Daily Liquidity, which means that you can buy into and sell out of the fund on a daily basis. There may be fees for this in your plan, however. SL (Securities Lending) often refers to institutional funds that loan out their long positions to investment banks or brokers so that the clients of those banks/brokerages can sell the shares short. This SeekingAlpha article has a good explanation of how this procedure works in practice for ETF's, and the procedure is identical for mutual funds: An exchange-traded fund lends out shares of its holdings to another party and charges a rental fee. Running a securities-lending program is another way for an ETF provider to wring more return out of a fund's holdings. Revenue from these programs is used to offset a fund's expenses, which allows the provider to charge a lower expense ratio and/or tighten the performance gap between an ETF and its benchmark.
No, it is just normal sideways action.  Think of this week kind of like October 14th - October 20th. It is a day traders week. If you're not day trading then either do after hours trading at the second of the news, or buy/sell on thursday (i'm bullish).  This is normal market activity. I wouldn't consider it out of the ordinary. When there is sideways action there is always good times to both buy and sell, if you realize it. For example, today is the perfect day to buy ... maybe when $SPX is 1240-1244.
One additional reason to pay with cash rather than financing is that you will be able to completely shut down the dealership from haggling over finance terms and get right to the point of haggling over the cost of the car (which you should always do).
"The key point to answer the question is to consider risk aversion. Assume I suggest a game to you: Throw a coin and if you win, you get $5, if you lose nothing happens. Will you play the game? Of course, you will - you have nothing to lose! What if I suggest this: If you win, you get $10,000,005 and if you lose you must pay $10,000,000 (I also accept cars, houses, spouses, and kidneys as payment). While the expected value of the second game is the same as for the first, if you lose the second game you are more or less doomed to spend the rest of your life in poverty or not even have a rest of your life. Therefore, you will not wish to play the second game. Well, maybe you do - but probably only if you are very, very rich and can easily afford a loss (even if you had $11,000,000 you won't be as happy with a possible raise to $21,000,005 as you'd be unhappy with dropping to a mere $1,000,000, so you'd still not like to play).  Some model this by taking logarithms: If your capital grows from $500 to $1000 or from $1000 to $2000, in both cases it doubles, hence is considered the same ""personal gain"", effectively. And, voíla, the logartithm of your capital grows by the same amount in both cases. This refelcts that a rich man will not be as happy about finding a $10 note as a poor man will be about finding a nickel.  The effect of an insurance is that you replace an uncertain event of great damage with a certain event of little damage. Of course, the insurance company plays the same game, with roles swapped - so why do they play? One point is that they play the game very often, which tends to nivel the risks - unless you do something stupid and insure all inhabitants of San Francisco (and nobody else) against eqarthquakes. But also they have enough capital that they can afford to lose the game. In a fair situation, i.e. when the insurance costs just as much as damage cost multiplied with probability of damage, a rational you would eagerly buy the insurance because of risk aversion. Therefore, the insurance will in effect be able to charge more than the statistically fair price and many will still (gnawingly) buy it, and that's how they make a living. The decision how much more one is willing to accept as insurance cost is also a matter of whether you can afford a loss of the insured item easily, with regrets, barely, or not all."
I believe that tax will be withheld (at 30%?) on dividends paid to non-residents.  You can claim it back if your country has a tax treaty with the USA, but you will need to file.  You probably also need to file a W-series withholding form (eg a W9-BEN). Interesting question.  I would like to hear a more definitive answer.
What do you think happens when cash gets paid out to investors?  People don't just collect the cash and stuff it in their mattress. They reinvest it, sometimes in other giant corporations, sometimes in start-ups, sometimes in government bonds. Some of it goes to fund R&amp;D elsewhere, some of it goes to fund building bridges and roads, some of it goes toward buying houses.   Ultimately, how much goes to each piece of the pie depends on the attractiveness of each opportunity. If there are a lot of good R&amp;D projects that would generate good returns, people will invest in them.
This is good advice.  People place a lot of value on appearances. A clean uniform, and not smelling like a sweat-rag or a sewer, will help clients feel like they're getting more value for their money.  If he's overweight, now is the time to fix that as well -- fit, attractive people have an easier time closing deals in all industries.
There is no need to get an auto loan just to try and affect your credit score. It is possible to have a score over 800 without any sort of auto loan. If you can afford to pay for the vehicle up front that is the better option. Even with special financing incentives it is better to pay up front if you can. Yes it is possible to use the funds to make more if you finance with a silly low interest rate, however it's also possible to lose a job or have some other financial disaster happen and need that money for something else making it more difficult to make the payment.  It may be just me but I find the peace of mind not having the payment to be worth a lot.
As other answers have pointed out, professional real estate investors do own residential investment properties. However, small residential units typically are not owned by professional real estate investors as your experience confirms. This has a fairly natural cause. The size of the investment opportunity is insufficient to warrant the proper research/due diligence to which a large investment firm would have to commit if it wanted to properly assess the potential of a property. For a small real estate fund managing, say, $50 MM, it would take 100 properties at a $500K valuation in order to fully invest the funds. This number grows quickly as we decrease the average valuation to reflect even smaller individual units. Analogously, it is unlikely that you will find large institutional investors buying stocks with market caps of $20 MM. They simply cannot invest a large enough portion of total AUM to make the diligence make economic sense.  As such, institutional real estate money tends to find its way into large multi-family units that provide a more convenient purchase size for a fund.
Must pay your bill at least 6 months consecutively for the benefit to take effect. Confirmed by customer service.  The rep did tell me that she didn't know much about the new program when I asked her other questions (like is it in a form of a reimbursement or does WF pay the vendor directly). I am hoping the cellphone protection takes effect immediately.   Can anyone confirm that 6 consecutive payments is a requirement?
I believe, I could be wrong, it has been a long day. By exercising this right you have the right to purchase the equivalent of their current share.  Eg. Someone owns 50 of 100 shares. and the company does a rights offering and is expanding the shares to 200. That person has first right to purchase 50 more shares to keep his share from being diluted.
"Futures are an agreement to buy or sell something in the future.  The futures ""price"" is the price at which you agree to make the trade.  This price does not indicate what will happen in the future so much as it indicates the cost of buying the item today and holding it until the future date.  Hence, for very liquid products such as stock index futures, the futures price is a very simple function of today's stock index value and current short-term interest rates.  If the stock exchange is closed but the futures exchange is open, then using the futures price and interest rates one can back out an implied ""fair value"" for the index, which is in essence the market's estimate of what the stock index value would be right now if the stock market were open.  Of course, as soon as the stock exchange opens, the futures price trades to within a narrow band of the actual index value, where the size of the band depends on transaction costs (bid-ask spread, commissions, etc.)."
Yes, the stock price drops on the ex-dividend date by roughly the amount of the dividend. There is even academic research testing this and confirming that the popular rule of thumb works well.
"Well I'd say they are expected to pay much more than what you describe. What you've described is called ""flat"" tax and is widely considered unacceptable (meaning the rich wouldn't pay enough). Today, as codified in progressive tax tables, the rich are certainly *expected* to pay much *more* than a flat tax as you describe. Beyond the natural scaling you get with a percentage, the percentage itself goes up as you make more."
Manufacturer of Quartz Grit in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-quartz-grit-in-india.php Shri Vinayak Industries is offering high grade Quartz Grit. We produce finely processed Quartz Grit by our super efficient production unit. We are dominant supplier, Manufacturer and exporter of Quartz Grit. These products are safe to use. Our products are available in various specifications. Before introducing in market our products are tested for their optimum quality. Our products are well known in market for their rich chemical and physical properties.
couple questions for clarification:  1. Investment firm is a pretty broad term. Do you mean Registered Investment Advisory firm or broker/dealer, or something else?  2. Are you asking if they can reveal who they generally custody assets with? if so yes, they are always willing to give this out and many firms use multiple custodians. If you are asking if they can reveal client information and where the assets are held, then no, absolutely not, the only reason they could legally give this out is if the feds inquired or if a court order was issued.
I generally only carry my debit card and a small amount of cash. On payday most of my money goes into a bills account, so I only have enough in the main account for a few days regular spending. This means if I want to buy anything I need to make a transfer from my bills account. If I really need to I can transfer the money instantly this over the phone or the web, but it cuts down greatly on the impulse purchases as I have to go through a process to get hold of the money.  As an aside this approach would probably help if I got mugged or lost the wallet as they wouldn't get much cash or be able to use my card for very long.
big U econ grad here.  my knowledge of money and banking, the general economy's workings etc are well above the average person, but no other direct benefit...and nothing any employers I have worked for cared about
How would I go about doing this? Are there any tax laws I should be worried about? Just report it as a regular sale of asset on your form 8949 (or form 4797 if used for trade/business/rental). It will flow to your Schedule D for capital gains tax. Use form 1116 to calculate the foreign tax credit for the taxes on the gains you'd pay in India (if any).
How to find good divided stocks? Research and read. Google, Yahoo, and most likely your broker offer some sort of stock screener tool where you can look for stocks with given P/E ratios, dividend payouts, pricing, and any of a number of other filters. When you've found some that appeal to you, read what others are saying on stock talk websites like Vantagewire and Stockhouse. Read what each company is putting out as news and look at their quarterly reports. In Canada you can find a company's reports for free on Sedar. I'm afraid I don't know the U.S. equivalent. Reuters will be of help. Finding a good dividend-paying stock is the same as finding a good growth or value stock; research the company and the sector as if you were buying it to take the company over.
"There is no secret sauce. Leadership and good decision making is an organic process. Sometimes, the Sr. VP is going to say, ""This quarter, it was more important to expand X through hiring than it was to upgrade Y infrastructure. Next quarter, we'll do Y. I know it sucks to have your project delayed, because you've worked very hard on it, but that's the decision we've made.""  The difficulty is when corporations get to the point where everyone is running around CYA, instead of admitting that real business constraints can mean that the best-laid plans have to be scrapped or delayed."
It really is important to consider the safety of the audience and performers in any event. There should be a team of medics who are on standby to give first aid when needed. It is good that there are companies who offer the services of first aid professionals these days.
"Thank you very very much  It is the Opinion of the Board of Governors, that having a sexual relationship with a poodle does mean ""We have screwed the pooch"". There for while it may seem that a pooch is being screwed in the short term, in the long run our efforts will bear fruit in the creation of an EconoDoodle.  Thank you . .come again"
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://reason.com/archives/2017/07/14/dont-let-unions-use-good-returns-to-defl) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Expect something to this effect: &amp;quot;The California Public Employees&amp;#039; Retirement System&amp;#039;s investment earnings for the fiscal year ending June 30 were above 9 percent, reconfirming the health of the state&amp;#039;s pension system-and debunking the naysayers who claim that unfunded pension liabilities will obliterate municipal and state budgets.""  &gt; Even a year of good returns will do little to correct the vast level of pension underfunding.  &gt; The Pensions &amp; Investments article about the latest returns is aptly headlined, &amp;quot;Strong returns nice, but aren&amp;#039;t expected to last.&amp;quot; Ed Ring&amp;#039;s May 2016 California Policy Center analysis concluded that public pension funds &amp;quot;Will be hit much harder in a downturn than private pension funds&amp;quot; because they &amp;quot;Are not subject to the same rules that private pension funds have to adhere to.""   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ngouf/california_still_facing_pension_crisis_even_with/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~167506 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **pension**^#1 **year**^#2 **fund**^#3 **return**^#4 **California**^#5"
Been in tech research for quite some time through both '01 and '08, so I've seen different valuation metrics used at different times of the cycle.  I agree 4Q forward is the norm but I do 6Q forward model and depending on verticals, P/E, P/S or EV/EBIDTA.  And maybe DCF for sanity check.     Usually SSS/MAU/subs are used w/ ARPU or turns/B:B to derive top line. Earnings is an easy number to pull from bbg but the descriptive quality of earnings is not as good as EBITDA or FCF especially some companies choose to talk about adjusted numbers only.     Different strokes for different folks.  I must admit that based on my valuation model both AMZN/NFLX are both hard pass due to their valuation. But I was in AMZN in PA from my quant model.  Different strokes for different folks.
"Residential mortgages normally explicitly state that the property cannot be let without explicit permission, whereas BTL mortgages typically require that the property be let. There are other differences. Residential mortgages are regulated, which means that consumers have a degree of protection from mis-selling; most BTLs are not, as landlords are expected to know what they're doing. Affordability of residential mortgages are based on your income, since that is how you are going to pay for them. BTLs are (mostly) assessed based on the property's rental income, since it's that that will fund the mortgage. Finally, residential mortgages are typically done on a repayment basis, so that at the end of the term, you've paid off the entire loan, whereas BTLs are typically interest-only, on the assumption that you'll either sell the property, or remortgage, at the end of the term. (I've used words like ""typically"" a lot to give an overall picture of the differences. Obviously it's a bit more complicated than that, and there are exceptions to a lot of the above descriptions.)"
"I am a CPA. Yes you can do what you are contemplating. Be careful that they do not take any taxes out of the money when you go to do the ""rollover"". If they do you will have to dip into your own pocket to put that back into the IRA."
I think Burger King is doing better on quality than McDo's. McDonalds, as a organization, can't seem to even manage to serve fresh, fully-cooked fries. You either get hot, soggy fries because they were busy and didn't want to wait for the timer. Or you get cold, soggy fries that have been sitting around since the last rush because the manager doesn't want it showing up on their food wastage stats.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2016-05-30/the-untold-story-behind-saudi-arabia-s-41-year-u-s-debt-secret) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A former Treasury official, who specialized in central bank reserves and asked not to be identified, says the official figure vastly understates Saudi Arabia&amp;#039;s investments in U.S. government debt, which may be double or more.  &gt; Saudi Arabia&amp;#039;s situation has become so acute the kingdom is now selling a piece of its crown jewel-state oil company Saudi Aramco.  &gt; In the first of many special arrangements, the U.S. allowed Saudi Arabia to bypass the normal competitive bidding process for buying Treasuries by creating &amp;quot;Add-ons.&amp;quot; Those sales, which were excluded from the official auction totals, hid all traces of Saudi Arabia&amp;#039;s presence in the U.S. government debt market.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6kzk9p/the_untold_story_behind_saudi_arabias_41year_us/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~158069 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Saudi**^#1 **Treasury**^#2 **U.S.**^#3 **Arabia**^#4 **oil**^#5"
Shopallitems online shopping destination, presenting as special selection of products, offerings and corporate gives on the maximum competitive charges to be had with pleasant and reliability  Shopallitems is Online shopping sites in uae, we paintings difficult to discover the pleasant services for you from Consumer Electronics, Cameras, Camcorders &amp; Photography, Audio Video systems, Computers, Projectors, Binoculars &amp; Telescopes, Home Appliances, Fashion, Beauty, Healthcare, Watches, Gold &amp; Diamonds, Sports, Office Equipment's, Lamps &amp; Lighting, Tours &amp; Travels, Fun &amp; Family, Food &amp; Dining and much extra. To make certain our clients experience a superior buying revel in, we handpick our offerings and work best with extraordinarily professional, select merchants and brands. This is our promise and assure. We are similarly dedicated to the fast and seamless fulfillment and shipping of your order, and within the uncommon situation something ought to now not move to devise, our customer service is standing by way of to help in any manner they can.
I don't bother with produce at WFM because the premium isn't worth it to me. I think their salad bar and bakery are amazing. I don't go there too often, but I always leave happy when I do. I can be confident in the quality of what I put in my body.
Planes may be mostly flying themselves but there are still pilots up there as systems monitors and they still have the overall responsibility for the safe operation of the aircraft.   I think all you and I are really debating here is the timeline.  take care, enjoyed our conversation.
If the ship is sinking, switching cabins with your neighbor isn't necessarily a good survival strategy. Index funds have sucked, because frankly just about everything has sucked lately. I still think it is a viable long term strategy as long as you are doing some dollar cost averaging.  You can't think about long term investing as a steady climb up a hill, markets are erratic, but over long periods of time trend upwards. Now is your chance to get in near the ground floor.  I can completely empathize that it is painful right now, but I am a believer in market efficiency and that over the long haul smart money is just more expensive (in terms of fees) than set-it-and-forget it diversified investments or target funds.
Definitely a scam. Don't call him or do anything. Stay calm, there is no damage done yet. I met someone online three weeks ago. ... Left his wallet, debit card, credit cards, drivers license, etc. in the room In the entire world its only you he can bank upon ... someone whom hes met online just few weeks ago; there are no relatives, friends !!! why would the hotel manager Fed-Ex or UPS the items to my home address ...  and not to his own address? Upon receipt, the engineer will give me his password to the Bank of America account so he can access his account Why doesn't he have internet? I am supposed to call him in the next hour or so and let him know if I will be doing this tomorrow. Don't call. Don't reply.  The $150 is just a starter bait to see if one is gullible enough to take it and then there is more and more by different ways.
Favoring one position because it is more pleasant or resonates more emotionally despite the logical alternative  is the very definition of naivety.   It is unfortunate that people will lose their jobs but if a company is no longer financially viable, there is no way they can continue to employ them.   Also, touting your age as a counterpoint while not addressing any of the points is  going to sound condescending.
Both of these terms do refer to your profit; they're just different ways of evaluating it. First, your definition of capitalization rate is flipped.  As explained here, it should be: On the other hand, as explained here: So cap rate is like a reverse unit cost approach to comparing two investments.  If house A costs $1M and you'll make $50K (profit) from it yearly, and house B costs $1.33M and you'll make $65K (profit) from it yearly, then you can compute cap rates to see that A is a more efficient investment from the point of view of income vs. amount-of-money-you-have-stuck-in-this-investment-and-unavailable-for-use-elsewhere. Profit margin, on the other hand, cares more about your ongoing expenses than about your total investment.  If it costs less to maintain property B than it does to maintain property A, then you could have something like: So B is a more efficient investment from the point of view of the fraction of your revenue you actually get to keep each year. Certainly you could think of the property's value as an opportunity cost and factor that into the net profit margin equation to get a more robust estimate of exactly how efficient your investment is.  You can keep piling more factors into the equation until you've accounted for every possible facet of your investment.  This is what accountants and economists spend their days doing. :-)
"I don't think blanket answers are very helpful. You are asking the right question when you are young! You have a large number of investment options and Australia has the Superannuation system that you can extract significant tax value from. I've not attempted to grade these with regard to ""risk"", as different people will rate various things with different levels, depending on their experience and knowledge. Consider the following factors for you:-"
A fucking credit union.   Even if they use an all paper system and have no website, no phone app, and can only be contacted by fax or telephone, use a credit union.   Even if the only place you can get your money is a 45 minute drive to the next town, use a credit union.   Its not about finances, its about reclaiming basic human dignity in the world of American Finance.
Network theory to the rescue.  Imitate the [PageRank algorithm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PageRank): to have a good rank you need to have a link with every other people who also have a good rank. This means the obvious: you need to network with your banker and with the maximum of people who have high-rank links with him (bosses, friends, coworkers). This will maximize the chances of your discovery (like searching for a node in a [graph](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_theory)).
"A suitable mix of index funds IS a great option if you don't want to spend a lot of time and effort micromanaging your money. If you find amusement in pushing numbers around, you may be able to do better. Notice: MAY. If you have multiple millions, you can hire someone of that sort to push the numbers around for you. They may do better for you. Notice: MAY. And remember that part of your additional gains have to go to pay them, which means they have to do better just to be worth having on staff in the first place. If you have more than that, there are some options available which smaller investors really can't get involved in. As one example: If you have enough money that you can lose $100K without especially noticing, you can get involved in venture capital and the like which require a large commitment AND are higher-risk but can yield higher returns. Anyone who's dismissing index funds as ""only for beginners"" is being foolish. But recommending them to beginners in particular is a good thing since they let you get into the market with fairly predictable risk/benefits without needing a massive investment in education and time."
the pricing model makes all inverse leveraged ETF decay over time. When the price gets low the manager can once again do a stock split to make the share price more attractive. The manager usually states a price range that will prompt a stock split, but actually doing the split is at their discretion The Russell 2000 has to decrease a lot yes, but probably just a flash crash of 10% in a day can extend the TZA to extremely high bids and asks. A flash crash that far through the order books would wreck the liquidity of all the underlying assets and especially the derivatives products based on (derived from) those assets. So a mathematical formula to price the ETF during a period of high volatility and low liquidity becomes a lot less of a science and more of a random walk. A good example of this would be to look at the 2010 flash crash and the price behavior of the VXZ ETF, where it spiked to $400/share from maybe $60/share
"This ""article"" is garbage, it doesn't even say if they will close down. India is pretty loose on copyright im sure these guys will continue to stay open under some sort of rebrand or even just keep using the mcdonalds name. They just presume that because mcdonalds pulled out these guys will just close up shop lol."
This is a very personal situation of course, but if you can afford the repayments then I recommend keeping the house!. A house is a long term investment and one has to live somewhere. You probably didn't buy the house planning to sell it in 5 years so while in the short term you could suffer a loss on paper chances are things will pick up, they have to eventually. For each boom there is a bust, one for one.
According to the (NIDA),  There are a few basic factors such as trouble at home, mental health issues, friends or family members who abuse drugs and alcohol. Drug addiction is very bad for body and mind. We provide the best Drug and alcohol addiction recovery in the world. If you have a family member who is addicted to some type of substance we hope, you will be the best treatment at our center.
Despite QE, monetary expansion in the US has gone down for the last 10 years. I am not quite sure what you are asking. Yes banks have trillions at the Fed because of the central bank “money printing,” but none of that is leaking into the economy. Are you referring to central banks around the world purchasing US treasuries? Are you asking what assets are closely connected to treasuries that you can avoid?
How can banks be expected to make good decisions when they are not responsible for creating their own reserve? Do you think that the banking system could run without FDIC? And why? And what is your opinion on local banking vs. big corp banking?
That may become complicated depending on the State laws. In some States (California for example), LLCs are taxed on gross receipts, so you'll be paying taxes on paying money to yourself. In other States this would be a no-op since the LLC is disregarded. So you need to check your State law. I assume the LLC is not taxed as a corporation since that would be really stupid of course, but if it is then it adds the complexity of the Federal taxes on top as well (corporate entity will pay taxes on your rent, and you'll pay taxes on your dividends to get the money back). The best option would be to take that property out of the LLC (since there's no point in it anyway, if you're the tenant).
John E. Russi, CPA, PA accountants, advisors and consultants, is a full service independent public accounting firm. We offer our clients accounting, advisory and consulting services in a timely and responsive manner at reasonable rates.  Company Name: John E. Russi, CPA, PA  Address: 7575,Dr Phillips Blvd Suite 320                  Orlando, FL 32819                  US   Phone: (407) 345-1191   Website:  http://www.russicpa.com/
Good in theory, worse than our current system in practice. You can keep your drug from being created by anyone else on the planet by never filing a patent, all of which are public. Say goodbye to cheap genetics and day Hello to a larger monopoly.
If you can still work, I think a very good course of action would be to invest the majority of the money in low-cost index funds for many years. The reason is that you are young and have plenty of time to build a sizable retirement fund. How you go about this course of action depends on your comfort level with managing your money, taxes, retirement accounts, etc. At a minimum, open an investment account at any of the major firms (Schwab, Fidelity, for example). They will provide you with a free financial advisor. Ideally s/he would recommend something like: Open a retirement account and invest as much as you can tax-free or tax-deferred. Since you already received the money tax-free, a Roth IRA seems like a no-brainer. Pick some low-fee equity funds, like an S&P 500 Index fund, for a large chunk of the money. Avoid individual stocks if you aren't comfortable with them. Alternatively, get a recommendation for a fixed-fee financial planner that can help you plan for your future. Above all, don't spend beyond your means! You have an opportunity to fund a very nice future for yourself, especially if you are able to work while you are still so young!
&gt; Your never done building your culture. It's not some sort of top ten list. It has to be maintained against entropy and natural employee churn  Yes but that doesn't mean the person who built it is also the best person to maintain/enforce it.  Bye Felicia.
I haven't heard of a company allowing you to convert an after-tax 401k to a Roth 401k, though an after-tax 401k to a Roth IRA conversion is common and has basically the same upside. You'll have a taxable event on your gains until the point of the conversion, but that's a small price to pay to make sure all future gains are tax free. I agree, there really is no downside.
The Euro is currently at 1.24. It's been lower than that before. Why do you think there is still so much money behind it? I'm not trying to push back, but do you know something that the market doesn't in terms of a collapse? Also, if you are so positive, are you heavily shorting the euro?  I by no means am convinced that the euro was a good idea. But I am convinced that they will do whatever they can to keep it alive.
Simple rule for UK student loans. Never repay early. (http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/students/student-loans-repay) They are not real debt: only payable over threshold and wiped after 30 years (ish).  They do not appear as debt with Credit Agencies. If you have other debt, it is almost certainly at a higher rate or worse terms and should be paid off first If you don't have debt, then you can put the cash to better use: whether saving, mortgage deposit or avoiding worse debt in the future.
Yes.  if it wasn't rigged before, it certainly is now.  High frequency trading and the ability to buy priority access to the exchange are the one two blows that killed it.  Honestly, the exchanges themselves should be network neutral.  It's an absolute crime that they aren't, it just takes money from normal people.
"You're talking about money in a savings account, and avoiding the risks posed by an ongoing crisis, and avoiding risk. If you are risk-averse, and likely to need your money in the short term, you should not put your money in the stock market, even in ""safe"" stocks like P&G/Coca-Cola/etc. Even these safe stocks are at risk of wild price swings in the short- to intermediate-term, especially in the event of international crises such as major European debt defaults and the like. These stocks are suitable for long-term growth objectives, but they are not as a replacement for a savings account. Coca-Cola lost a third of its value between 2007 and 2009. (It's recovered, and is currently doing better than ever.) P&G went from $74/share to $46/share. (It's partially recovered and back at $63). On the other hand, these stocks may indeed be suitable as long-term investments to protect you against local currency inflation. And yes, they even pay dividends. If you're after this investment, a good option is probably a sector-specific exchange-traded fund, such as a consumer-staples ETF. It will likely be more diversified and safer than anything you could come up with using a list of individual stocks. You can also investigate recommendations that show up when you search for a ""defensive ETF"". If you do not wish to buy the ETF directly, you can also look at listings of the ETF's holdings. Read the prospectus for an idea of the risks associated with these funds. You can buy these funds with any brokerage that gives you access to US stock exchanges."
No studies are cited about the education of corporate management.  I bet you'd find a lot of those MBA's have undergrad degrees in engineering and science.  The company presidents where I worked were all former scientists or engineers with MBA's, including two astronauts.  Other aerospace companies were the same. The more technical the business, the more I bet this is true.
"First you must understand your Marginal Tax Rate (Tax Bracket)  The exemptions you claim are like saying to your employer ""tax me on $4050 less, or more"" for each change up or down of 1 exemption.  Say you look at the table (2016 tables at my main site) and see you are in the 15% bracket. And your refund is $2000. 2000/.15 is $13,333. So you want that $13K to not be taxed. Raising exemptions by 3 (3x4050 = 12,150) will get you close. $1822 closer to your goal.  For what it's worth, you can read through the instructions for the W4, of course. But this answer skips through the details and gets you to your goal.  One point to note, since the exemption is in whole numbers, and $4050 is it, you will get close, +/- $608 if in the 15% bracket, but to get dead on, you'd need a mid year adjustment. Not worth it. A refund of under $608 should be enough for a 15%er. ($1012 for a 25%er) If you ready want to nail the taxes to a closer accuracy, you can use the line requesting additional dollars be withheld.  Most W4 discussions miss this point.  The exact number withheld by your employer comes from an IRS document known as Circular E, but retrieved as Publication 15. It will help you confirm the validity of my dirty shortcut method.  What I do recommend is that you use a quick online tax calculator to do a dry run of you return, early in the year. If you see your withholding is off in either direction, best to adjust as soon as possible.  (The numbers here now reflect 2016's $4050 exemption, recent question on Money.SE have linked to this one, prompting me to update for 2016)"
[Brute Force](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brute-force_attack) Sending random hits to a server over and over again.  Three order books. One happens earlier, the other two simultaneously.  Bid ABT   105.00x1000   **Cancelled**   Bid APPL  105.00x1000   **Cancelled**  Bid AET   105.00x1000    **Cancelled**  Bid ACT   105.00x1000     **Filled**  The aforementioned happens before all else. Act's current value is 100.01.*   Ask Act 100.00x1000 **Limit order denied**  Ask Act 109.00x1000 **Filled**   The third order book is simply testing the waters to see what the guy making the ask is willing to pay.  *As well as all the cancelled orders, for the illustration.
Hahaha. Oh yes! Brown rats, the second most successful mammal on the planet and the most well adapted human vermin, are totally only in your burger kings as opposed to fucking everywhere.   Fast food is plenty clean. Just about any large corporate food chain will get consistently good health inspection marks due to the cost savings of a strong central training policy. Also, rats don't get as big as rabbits. You may have been looking at an opossum.
"FYI, USA is not the only country in the world. If you try to stop people from making money, they will go do it elsewhere. Other countries are more than willing and competent, to accept these HFT folk.  Even if all countries stop HFT. There will be encrypted black markets for this on the internets. Google ""dark pools"". Regulators are light years behind the ingenuity shown by Wall Street to find inefficiencies in the market.  Computers and quantitative finance are here to stay. You cannot ask people to trade using emotions like during the Great Depression Era."
5 reasons why should you buy HP laptops 1. First of all it is one of the best laptop manufacturer company, who provide all types of laptops for their customers. 2. You can buy easily from any store, but online it might be afforded with genuine guarantee. 3. It is compatible it gives you latest HP LAPTOP processor up to core i7 within reasonable prices and latest operating system. 4. You can buy all types of laptops from our online store which is Dubai, UAE based company, we are  online seller and deals in all types of products. 5. At our online store we sell you Hp laptops within at lowest range.
"BINGO.  Only thing wrong in your statement is that GenX is NOT (not even remotely) gaining control of anything... not yet.  **The Boomers are still in FULL CONTROL -- and IMO will be hanging onto that control by tooth and nail.** They will let go as a generation only when we can pry their ""cold, dead hands"" away.  The only things that (generally speaking) GenX'ers are in control of is the entities that they themselves have created (i.e. various internet companies, etc).  I don't think GenX will gain any REAL power positions or control until probably well past 2020 -- and then more likely than not, it will end up being ""shared"" control with GenY (who simply outnumber GenX by a wide margin).  GenX is like the ""middle kid"" in a family -- squeezed from both sides -- mistreated &amp; abused by older siblings, and having to be responsible for and mentoring their younger siblings (but given little or no credit for much of anything).  That's just the way the cookie crumbled.  (Something similar happened to the [""Silent Generation""](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silent_Generation) {who, born in circa 1925-1945, were stuck betwixt &amp; between the so called ""Greatest Generation"" and the Baby Boomers}. Said ""Silent Generation"" did a LOT of work and made a LOT of innovations (everything from being the ""grunts"" of WWII, to the Beatles, to the moon astronauts were Silents), but invariably the ""credit"" {and the ""power"" -- no ""Silent"" was EVER President of the US for example, despite several attempts} went to either the prior or the latter generations) -- so it's not like there isn't a precedent."
100% scam. Run away. If you have already given the bank account, inform the bank and close the account. Else just close the new account opened.  Do not contact the scammer or reply back.... Just ignore ... Don't read any of scammer email, they are very convincing in why it's right and why it's not a scam.
One way to determine compensation is as a percentage per actual hour billed (and paid by client). Very common place to start is 33% for company overhead/administration (insurance, taxes, office expense, etc), 33% for sales commission/costs (roughly half as direct sales commission, half for marketing), 33% as gross 1099 pay  compensation to the employee.
The Australian Tax Office website shows Tax Rates for individuals based on the income earned in the Financial Year. Calculating what you'll be taxed For instance, it show that every dollar you earn up to $18,200, you are not taxed. Every dollar over that, up to $37k is taxed at 19 cents. And so on.. Example 1 So as an example, if your income for the year is $25,000 you will be taxed $1292. Working: Here's how it's look if you were doing it in a spreadsheet using the Tax Rates table on the ATO website as a guide:  Example 2 If you income is $50,000, it'd look like this:  Withholding Your employer is obligated to remove the taxable part from your wage each time your paid. They do that using the calculation above.  If at the end of the financial year, the ATO determines that too much as been withheld (ie. you've claimed deductions that've reduce your taxable income to less than what your actual income is), that's when you may be eligible for a refund. If your employer didn't withhold enough or you had income from other sources that haven't been taxed already, then you may actually need to pay rather than expecting a refund. Your question If you earn $18,200 in the year and for some reason your employer did withhold tax from your pay, say $2,000, then yes, you'll get all that $2,000 back as a refund since the Tax Rate for income up to $18,200 is $0.00. If you earned $18,201 and your employer withheld $2000, you'd get $1999.81 back as a refund ($2000 - 19c). You have to pay 19c tax on that $1 over $18,200.
A log scaler on income would help visualize the data a little better. The physician is just so out of line with the other wages that it makes every other job seem to pay roughly the same. Or a break in the scale to look at outliers.   Or the data could be perfect and the zoom feature isn't working on mobile.   TLDR: According to this chart I should be a physician.
Has anyone on this thread experienced this firsthand? I am interested in talking with older tech workers who have encountered the kind of ageism, or the kind of college campus, hackathon atmosphere of a young tech company that caters more toward twenty-somethings than employees with families. I report for Marketplace and am covering the issue.
Having a strong brand name is of paramount importance in recruitment if you are to be at the top of your game.   But which companies are embracing the business of branding? And those that aren’t using branded advertising, why not?
We have realized from our experience that rent to own is a scam. They want your money either way.   We are at the buying part, and finding it difficult to find a lender to give us full money the seller is asking us for the the house.  The house we have isn't valued at the same it was two years ago and now we are going to lose the house because we don't have the other $40 thousand they lied about at purchase price.  We will not do this again but coming from bankruptcies in the past is hard as well.
Mobile recharge with single sim is really a revolutionary product in mobile industry. It really reduce your operative cost and provide multiple recharge facility to single balance.  हिंदी में जानकारी प्राप्त करने के लिए यंहा दबाये |   In the market four type of mobile recharge available SMS based mobile recharge, GPRS based mobile recharge, POS based mobile recharge and system based mobile recharge.  मोबाइल रीचार्ज की अधिक जानकारी के लिए इस नंबर पर काल करे +91 9650 590 590  Through all system we can recharge our mobile phone and DTH. Sometime you can get much better commission than Lapu/Company recharge sim. There is one major benefits of of sms based recharge. Through this facility you can recharge small &amp; regional vendor like you are a subscriber of MTNL Delhiand now you are visiting Hyderabad, just imaging that your balance has finished, what will you do ? Call your family and friends to provide any recharge code to recharge your account or contact to local vendor to recharge your mobile. In current scenario it is not possible because why local vendor of Hyderabad keep recharge voucher of MTNL Delhi because he knows that once in a while will come for it and because of validity of coupon &amp; less margin no-one will not prefer to store it.  For ONE SIM RECHARGE WEBSITE detail, you can call us on +91 9650 590 590 or mail @ info@itvision.in  One SIM Recharge, Single SIM Recharge, Multi SIM Recharge, Mobile Recharge API, Online Mobile Recharge business, DTH Recharge portal But through SIM based recharge, It can be available easily there without any expire and extra investment.  “Single sim based mobile recharge supports AIRTEL Moble/DTH Recharge, Vodafone mobile recharge, MTNL Mobile recharge, IDEA Mobile Recharge, Reliance mobile recharge, Reliance CDMA Mobile Recharge, Tata Docomo mobile recharge, Orange mobile recharge, Spice mobile recharge, BPL mobile recharg, Uninor mobile recharge, BSNL mobile recharge, Big TV DTH recharge, DISHTV DTH Recharge, Videocon D2H DTH recharge, SUN Direct DTH Recharge, Tata Sky DTH Recharge online, AIRCEL Mobile Recharge, Tata Indicom mobile recharge, Online Tata Photom payment, mobile recharge application, nokia mobile recharge application, free mobile recharge, online free mobile recharge etc. These recharges are available in multiple denominations.”  Now we are offering One SIM Recharge portal at nominal cost with your branding. The cost of One SIM Recharge started from 55,000/-. The cost of portal is totally depends on your business logic and this price of One SIM Recharge is fix for white label solution for one SIM Recharge.  If you have any query related to mobile recharge business, please call to our expert at +919601111815.  For online DTH recharge API details, you can call us on +91 9650 590 590 or mail @ info@itvision.in  Tag:- Mobile Recharge API, Recharge API, One SIM Recharge, Mobile Recharge, Mobile Recharge business, One SIM Recharge business, Single SIM Recharge, Recharge Business, Airtel Mobile Recharge API, Vodafone Mobile Recharge API, IDEA mobile Recharge API, Mobile Recharge in J&amp;K, One SIM Recharge in J&amp;K, J&amp;K Mobile Recharge, All Mobile Recharge, All Mobile Recharge, Virtual Mobile Number, Dedicate Long Code.
Using the advice of @user102008 , I read-through the booklet of State2, and it said the following: ... so I'm not going to include my State1 W-2s.
"Ever wonder why certain businesses won't accept certain credit cards? (The sign above the register saying ""Sorry, we don't accept AmericanExpress""). It's because they don't want to pay that credit card company's transaction fees. One of the roles of the credit card company is to facilitate the transaction process between the customer (you) and the store. And now that using credit cards over cash or check is so ingrained in our culture, it creates extra work for the customer to make purchases at an establishment that is cash-only. Credit card companies know this, and so do businesses. So businesses will partner with credit card companies so that customers can use their cards. This way, everything is handled electronically (this can also benefit the business, since there's added security as they're not dealing with cash directly, and they don't have to manually count as much cash later). However a business may only budget a certain amount of their profits they want taken by credit card transactions. So if a company's fees are too high (say AmericanExpress, for example) and they are banking on you already having a Visa card, the company isn't going to go out of its way to provide the AmericanExpress option for you. If it were free for the business to use a credit card company's service at their stores, then they would all just provide the option for every card! So the credit card company making money is all contingent on you spending your money by using their credit card. You use the card, and the store pays the company for the transaction."
&gt;a set fraction of the mean income, distributed to everyone whether or not they have other income.  Seems fair to me. I would also re-tool tax brackets so instead of being based on income, they'd be based on money eared relative to the national mean. That way the brackets are naturally dynamic.
The answer to your question is very simple: The preauth and the shipment of the goods have no connection within the credit card system. It is possible to process a payment that does not cancel a preauthorization. This is needed for the case where you place two orders and the one you placed second ships first. A preauth can remain active for some time unless it is captured or cancelled. So in your case a preauth was placed and remained active. That you were shipped and billed for some goods had no effect on the preauth because one side or the other failed to attach them.
A rising tide lifts all ships   Most (but not all) stocks trend along with the general market. Some trend right along with the market (and have a beta at, or very near, one) some follow the Market, but are less sensitive (having a beta of less than one). Some are hypersensitive (and would have a beta of greater than one).  Beta defined  So most of the day to day movement of a stock is because the general market is moving (in the same direction). Of course, exceptional news about the company would cause its price to move independent of the general market. But more often than not the price of a stock moves just because the rest of the market is moving.
I believe the following statement by JAGAnalyst is incorrect: In your wife's case, if you have an HSA and she has traditional health benefits with an FSA, this is not considered a problem since she can only use the FSA money for expenses incurred by members of your family on her plan. Unless your FSA funds can only be used for your spouse's expenses and not yours (very few employer FSA plan documents state this), then the IRS will assume that the FSA funds are available to all family members, thus making you ineligible to contribute to an HSA. According to the link cited above above by JAGAnalyst regarding Eligible Expenses:  You can use your account funds for numerous health care-related products and services — for yourself, your spouse, and your qualifying child or relative.
Your tax bracket is determined by your total taxable income in a given year, where money drawn from a traditional-style deferred-tax 401k or IRA is taxable income. (Money drawn from a Roth account was taxed before deposit and is not taxed when withdrawn after the relevant date.) Your recent salary history has no effect on this, except salary in the same year -- and there is no advantage to be gained by taking a deliberate pay cut for its own sake.
"Its called propaganda. This is a freaking bot that keeps posting anti-trump threads.    Take a look, the ""user"" has over 7,000 karma and 0 comment karma. They don't even try!  It has posted over 500 different threads in the 2 months it has been active, without making a single comment. Take a look at what all the threads are about, I'm sure you will be shocked. its probably a bot for /u/postnationalism"
I am assuming that you are talking about rolling a 401k over to an IRA since if you were rolling over to another 401k you probably would not have a choice as to where it would be. Ameriprise will generally have lower fees than JPMorgan. (Probably why your husband's mutual fund is with Ameriprise.) Additionally having both accounts with Ameriprise will better allow them to assist you with your long term financial planning. For these two reasons I would recommend rolling your account over to Ameriprise.   No, I do not work for Ameriprise
One reason a company might choose to pay a dividend is because of the desire of influential stockholders to receive the dividend.   In the case of Ford, for example, there are 70 million shares of Class B stock which receive the same dividend per share as do the common stock holders.  Even though there are 3.8 billion shares of common stock, the Class B owners (which are Ford family) hold 40% of the voting power and so their desires are given much weight.   The Class B owners prefer regular dividends because if enough were to sell their Class B shares, all Class B shares (as a block) would have their voting power drop from 40% to 30%, and with further sales all special voting would be lost and each Class B share would be equivalent to a common share in voting power. Hence the Class B owners, both for themselves and for all of the family members holding Class B, avoid selling shares and prefer receiving dividends.
I highly doubt Walmart will be killed off by Whole Foods-Amazon. Sure you can buy tons of organic food at Wal mart and prices there might get squeezed but is Whole Foods brick and mortar stores also going to start carrying motor oil, tires, and cheap ass Hanes white shirts? I know Amazon carries those but it's still online.
"I'm loving this thread, by the way.  The answer to your question is yes: the PDE method and the martingale method lead to the same result.  I think this is intuitive, since they address the same things (drift, probability, etc).  Heath &amp; Schweizer (2000) have a nice paper in the Journal of Applied Probability that shows the (fairly general) circumstances under which the two methods will always have the same result.  It's titled ""Martingales versus PDEs in Finance: An Equivalence Result with Examples"".  My argument is that Black-Scholes is really an equilibrium model, not an arbitrage-free model.  Despite that, I'm claiming that it is possible to use BS (and any other equilibrium model) in a no-arbitrage manner by incorporating information from other securities, but that this doesn't make the underlying model and its assumptions a no-arbitrage model.  I think, basically, what I'm trying to say is that I don't think market completeness is really the issue, but rather that the issue is the difference between the model and reality.  Equilibrium models make a statement about what reality *should* be, given some parameters that you're supposed to know with certainty (all bets are off if you have to estimate them).  Arbitrage-free models explicitly use external, observed prices, *but do not explain why we observe those prices*.  In this context (and using these definitions), I'd say Black-Scholes is clearly an equilibrium model, albeit one built from some arguments that involve arbitrage."
Practice exams are best for 2 weeks before the test date, then hitting your weak topics a bit.  Any studying in the last couple of days didn't help much for me at least.  Qbank is great for L1 but diminishing returns as the levels go on in my experience.
The best source of financial statements would be from the company in question. On corporate websites of public listed companies, you can find such financial statements uploaded in the Investor's Relations section of their website. If their company does not have an online presence, another alternative would be to go to the website of the exchange the company is trading in (e.g. NYSE or NASDAQ) for financial data.
There is no correct answer. It all depends on you. If you have a fund dedicated to a purpose (house, car, daycare, vacation, etc), in my opinion you are best served by keeping it dedicated to that function in most cases.  Say that you find a home that you want to by in two years. If you have good credit and appropriate debt/income ratios, your car payment will not pose a problem to getting that home. But not having enough money for a down payment will.
"Buy this book.  It is a short, simple crash course on personal finance, geared at someone in their 20s just starting out their career.  You can easily finish it in a weekend.  The book is a little dated at this point (pre housing bubble), but it is still valid.  I personally feel it is the best intro to personal finance out there. 99% of the financial advice you read online will be a variation of what is already in this book.  If you do what the book says, you should be in a solid position financially.  You won't be an investment guru or anything, but you will at least have the fundamentals. There are various ""protips"" for personal finance that go beyond the book, but I would advise against paying too much attention to them until you have the basics down."
I'd like to know what the property taxes on something like that would be.  In either event - there are 6,000'^2 houses in my neighorhood for more than $5M - having a 1,000,000'^2 house for a year would be *awesome*.  One floor for paintball, one for a greenhouse, etc.
B2C had a lot to do with this. The original vision of the US government for solar production was massive, Nevada and California installations, while a huge amount of installation today is sold directly to consumers who want to save on their energy bill or be environmentally conscious.
I have a line of credit that I have attached to my checking account in case of an overdraft.   Since I haven't over drafted my checking account in 4 years, I typically borrow the minimum $5 from the line of credit and then pay it back the next day.   This usually costs me a couple of cents and I have to do it twice a year, but it keeps the account active and they don't close it down.
"Recently I did some experiments with EUR/USD cross and, according to my findings it turned out that the maximum volatility occurs in the range 9-12AM (EST). Each currency pair has its own ""top volatility"" time window, so it really depends on what you want to trade."
If you are looking for quality floors for your garage then just get in touch with a leading company. Such companies offer epoxy garage floors that have a number of benefits including easy to clean, stain resistance, durability and safety.
Hi /u/hmatt330/, I just analyzed your comment history and found that you are a super positive commenter! Congratulations! [view results](http://ruadick.com/user/hmatt330/) - Ranked #1592 of 164263 - I took the liberty of commenting here because you are an extreme outlier in the Reddit commenter community. Thanks for your contribution to this Reddit comment sentiment analyzation project. You can learn the ranking of any reddit user by mentioning my username along with the username of the Redditor you wish to analyze in a comment. Example: /u/opfeels/ /u/someusernamehere/
Firstly, good on you for thinking about it before you commit to it. Next.  Chelonian provides lots of detail.  Read that answer. Consider the cost of going.  Use your local community college.  Use a state school.  Get a job as an intern or another entry level position, with an employer that will reimburse you for education.  Consider the military in the United State.  Consider not going. That last one sounds rough, but do you have a very clear idea in your mind what you want to do for a living?  I would suggest that at today's costs, figuring out what you want to do should be done before you commit to school.
"If you force people to pay into the system more, then you can spend more and still claim the deficit is decreasing.   If you increase government spending without increasing government revenue, then the deficit increases.   If you increase government spending while also increasing government revenue, then the deficit doesn't increase.   But that doesn't mean shit. Government revenue is mainly taxes. And the middle class pays most of them. Hence, ""the middle class carry more"" line above."
You should not look at volume in isolation but look at it together with other indicators and/or the release of news (good or bad). When there is lower than average volume this could be an indication that the stock is in a bit of a holding pattern, possibly waiting for some company or economic news to come out (especially when accompanied by small changes in price). It could also mean that trading in a certain direction is drying up and the trend is about to end (this could be accompanied with a large move in price). When there is higher than average volume (2 to 3 times more or higher), this could be due to the release of company results, company or economic news, or the start or end of a trend (especially if accompanied by a gap). A large increase in volume accompanied by a large fall in price (usually a gap down) may also be an indication the stock has gone ex-dividend. There could be a range of reasons for variations in volume to the average volume. That is why you need to look at other indicators, company reporting and news, and economic news in combination with the volume changes to get a grasp of what is really happening.
Really? You think this is all on the developers having their head in their ass? Do just a little bit of research and you will see why developers are building expensive homes. Since I know you won't research a damn thing, I'll share it with you- Permits, licenses, taxes, fees are absurd. Many of these are assigned and voted on by the local government. If developers were able to make a profit on homes less than 225k, they'd be building them faster and more frequently than you masterbate.
AUD is not a great choice as it has nowhere to go against USD but down. Take a look at the 5 year graph http://au.finance.yahoo.com/q/bc?s=AUDUSD=X&amp;t=5y&amp;l=on&amp;z=l&amp;q=l&amp;c=  Most in Australia predict that it will eventually hover around 0.8, at which point you would have lost almost 20% of your savings.  Another thing is that savings interest is taxed in Australia, so take that rate with a grain of salt. For a typical household that would be a 30% tax, at which point it is just in line with inflation, so real term growth is nil.
Congratulations on deciding to save for retirement. Since you cite Dave Ramsey as the source of your 15% number, what does he have to say about where to invest the money? If you want to have instantaneous penalty-free access to  your retirement money, all you need to do is set up one or more ordinary accounts that you think of  as your retirement money. Just be careful not to  put the money into CDs since Federal law requires a penalty of three months interest if you cash in the CD before its maturity date (penalty!) or put the money into those pesky mutual funds that charge a redemption fee (penalty!) if you take the money out within x months of investing it where x can be anywhere from 3 to 24 or more. In Federal tax law (and in most state tax laws as well) a retirement account has special privileges accorded to it in that the interest, dividends, capital gains, etc earned on the money in your retirement account are not taxed in the year earned (as they would be in a non-retirement account), but the tax is  either deferred till you withdraw money from the  account (Traditional IRAs, 401ks etc) or is waived completely (Roth IRAs, Roth 401ks etc). In return for this special treatment, penalties are imposed (in addition to tax) if you withdraw money from your retirement account before age 59.5 which presumably is on the distant horizon for you. (There are some exceptions (including first-time home buying and extraordinary medical expenses) to this rule that I won't bother going into). But You are not required to invest your retirement   money into such a specially privileged retirement   account. It is perfectly legal to keep your retirement money   in an ordinary savings account if you wish, and pay taxes on the   interest each year.  You can invest your retirement   money into municipal bonds whose interest is free of   Federal tax (and usually free of state tax as well   if the municipality is located in your state of   residence) if you like. You can keep your retirement money in a   sock under your mattress if you like, or buy a   collectible item (e.g. a painting) with it   (this is not permitted in an IRA), etc. In short, if you are concerned about the penalties imposed by retirement accounts on early withdrawals, forgo the benefits of these accounts and put your retirement money elsewhere where there is no penalty for instant access.  If you use a money management program such as Mint or Quicken, all you need to do is name one or more accounts or a portfolio as MyRetirementMoney and voila, it is done. But those accounts/portfolios don't have to be retirement accounts in the sense of tax law; they can be anything at all.
This is your best answer so far. A detail left out is that derivatives are mostly known for the amount of leverage allowed, which is typically about 20-1, or 5% down. This is legal because it's generally assumed that someone is not going to buy or sell the underlying asset, that they will offset their long or short position long before the contract's delivery date. Your derivative broker(typically futures instead of forwards, because they're a standardized size, traded on an exchange and more liquid) will call you when you lose about half of your 5% to tell you to either transfer some money to cover your position or to ask you to exit your position at a loss.  Fowards are traded through clearinghouses, not exchanges, and they can be for any underlying asset, for any delivery date, for any price, so long as parties agree on it. Just think of it as a contract.
With Travelguysonline, you have adaptability when you reserve your next vacation trip, which enables you to work with your own funds. If you go to the next trip with your family, You will need a transportation for your trip, then we provide Car rental services at the cheapest price. Prepay for your rental and get a portion of the least expensive rates book ahead of time with no charge card required.—you basically pay at pickup
To a certain extent, small cap companies will in general follow the same trends as large cap companies. The extent of this cointegration depends on numerous factors, but a prime reason is the presence of systemic risk, i.e. the risk to the entire market. In simple terms, sthis is the risk that your portfolio will approach asymptotically as you increase its diversification, and it's why hedging is also important.  That being said, small cap businesses will, in general, likely do worse than large cap stocks, for several reasons. This was/is certainly the case in the Great Recession.  Small cap businesses have, on average, higher betas, which is a measure of a company's risk compared to the overall market. This means that small cap companies, on average outperform large cap companies during boom times, but it also means that they suffer more on average during bear times. The debate over whether or not the standard beta is still useful for small cap companies continues, however. Some economists feel that small cap companies are better measured against the Russell 2000 or similar indexes instead of the S&P 500.  Small cap companies may face problems accessing or maintaining access to lines of credit. During the Great Recession, major lenders decreased their lending to small businesses, which might make it harder for them to weather the storm.  On a related point, small businesses might not have as large an asset base to use as collateral for loans in bad times. One notable large cap company that used its asset base to their advantage was Ford, which gave banks partial ownership of its factories during hard times. This a) gave Ford a good amount of cash with which to continue their short-term operations, and b) gave the banks a vested interest in keeping Ford's lines of credit open. Ford struggled, but it never faced the financial problems of GM and Chrysler.  Despite political rhetoric about Main Street vs. Wall Street, small businesses don't receive as much government aid in times of crisis as some large cap companies do. For example, the Small Business Lending Fund, a brilliant but poorly implemented idea in 2010, allocated less than $30 billion to small businesses. (The actual amount loaned was considerably less). Compare that to the amounts loaned out under TARP. Discussions about corporate lobbying power aside, small businesses aren't as crucial to the overall stability of the financial system Small businesses don't always have the manpower to keep up with changes in regulation. When the Dodd-Frank Act passed, large banks (as an example), could hire more staff to understand it and adapt to it relatively easily; small banks, however, don't always have the resources to invest in such efforts.  There are other reasons, some of which are industry-specific, but these are some of the basic ones.  If you want visual confirmation that small cap businesses follow a similar trend, here is a graph of the Russell 2000 and S&P 500 indexes:  Here is a similar graph for the Russell 2000 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average.   If you wanted to confirm this technically and control for the numerous complicated factors (overlap between indexes, systemic risk, seasonal adjustment, etc.), just ask and I'll try to run some numbers on it when I have a chance. Keep in mind, too, that looking at a pretty picture is no substitute for rigorous financial econometrics. A basic start would be to look at the correlation between the indexes, which I calculate as 0.9133 and 0.9526, respectively. As you can see, they're pretty close. Once again, however, the reality is more complicated technically, and a sufficiently detailed analysis is beyond my capabilities. Just a quick side note. These graphs show the logarithm of the values of the indexes, which is a common statistical nuance that is used when comparing time series with radically different magnitudes but similar trends.  S&P500 and Russell 2000 data came from Yahoo! Finance, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average data came from Federal Reserve Economic Data (FRED) Per usual, I try to provide code whenever possible, if I used it. Here is the Stata code I used to generate the graphs above. This code assumes the presence of russell2000.csv and sp500.csv, downloaded from Yahoo! Finance, and DJIA.csv, downloaded from FRED, in the current directory.  Fidelity published an article  on the subject that you might find interesting, and Seeking Alpha has several pieces related to small-cap vs. large-cap returns that might be worth a read too.
"I don't know what the OP means when he says I want to invest in health insurance from now on so that I can use the policy after I retire. Generally, a health insurance policy covers costs incurred during the current calendar year (or specific period such as July 1 of one year through June 30 of the next year) and does not cover future periods. Indeed, many policies do not guarantee renewal when the current period ends (with exceptions for employer-provided coverage through COBRA in case employment ends). So investing in a health insurance policy meaning that you pay the premiums now, and the insurance company provides the policy in the distant future is  something that is new to me. Besides, what will the policy include? If someone had bought such a policy many years ago, say, before CAT scans and MRI were developed, would the policy cover such new developments? Or the policy would cover only those procedures, tests, and medications that are available when the policy is written and the insurance premiums start to be paid? The long-term health of the insurance company is also of some concern.  When something is offered to me with a lifetime guarantee, I skeptically ask, ""My lifetime or the device's life time or the company's lifetime?"""
&gt;Education is totally depending on the skills and mindset of the student. Many many students can be self taught and/or are motivated to learn. They don't need teachers.  This is a good niche for automation. IMHO the best model would be to allow students to access resources in isolation then arrange a catch-up class with a facilitator to encourage discussion. That way the benefits of automation and human interaction are realized.
Most construction is not done in 110 degree heat and there are plenty of immigrants making, what to them are good wages, but compared to prior construction wages, not great. Just because you haven't met them means little.   And most people with the option to work for Apple as a programmer are not the people looking to be in construction. Same could be said of all the people looking for the jobs at Amazon warehouses this week.
Amazon is not just in retail business anymore. They're in more logistics and internet infrastructure business. While it's true some customers will turn to walmart to save few dollars. Then customers will have to deal with slow delivery and bad website.   Price is no longer a threat to Amazon.
"To add to @keshlam's answer slightly a stock's price is made up of several components: the only one of these that is known even remotely accurately at any time is the book value on the day that the accounts are prepared. Even  completed cashflows after the books have been prepared contain some slight unknowns as they may be reversed if stock is returned, for example, or reduced by unforeseen costs.  Future cashflows are based on (amongst other things) how many sales you expect to make in the future for all time. Exercise for the reader: how many iPhone 22s will apple sell in 2029? Even known future cashflows have some risk attached to them; customers may not pay for goods, a supplier may go into liquidation and so need to change its invoicing strategy etc.. Estimating the risk on future cashflows is highly subjective and depends greatly on what the analyst expects the exact economic state of the world will be in the future. Investors have the choice of investing in a risk free instrument (this is usually taken as being modelled by the 10 year US treasury bond) that is guaranteed to give them a return. To invest in anything riskier than the risk free instrument they must be paid a premium over the risk free return that they would get from that. The risk premium is related to how likely they think it is that they will not receive a return higher than that rate. Calculation of that premium is highly subjective; if I know the management of the company well I will be inclined to think that the investment is far less risky (or perhaps riskier...) than someone who does not, for example. Since none of the factors that go into a share price are accurately measurable and many are subjective there is no ""right"" share price at any time, let alone at time of IPO. Each investor will estimate these values differently and so value the shares differently and their trading, based on their ever changing estimates, will move the share price to an indeterminable level. In comments to @keshlam's answer you ask if there is enough information to work out the share price if a company buys out the company before IPO. Dividing the price that this other company paid by the relative ownership structure of the firm would give you an idea of what that company thought that the company was worth at that moment in time and can be used as a surrogate for market price but it will not and cannot accurately represent the market price as other investors will value the firm differently by estimating the criteria above differently and so will move the share price based on their valuation."
"Heh, that reminds me of the ""mutant"" disproof of God.  God is theoretically perfect.  If God is perfect, he has laser eyes.  If man is made in God's image, he should also have laser eyes.  Man does not have laser eyes.  In conclusion, no perfect God.  The logic is wonky, but the argument always makes me smile."
"Depending on how you view the loan, it could either be considered an Asset or a Liability.  Since you are not charging interest, it might seem more intuitive to create an ""Assets:Cash Loan"" account, and transfer money to & from it (when you receive payments) like you would with a bank account. Personally, I prefer to think of all loans as liabilities.  Whether it's a debt which you owe someone, or a balance which someone else owes you, since it's an 'unsettled' amount I file it under ""Liabilities:Loan"".  Either way, you record the initial balance as a debit from your bank, and then record payments as credits back to your primary account. The only way that income or expenses ever gets involved would be if you charged interest (income) or if you forgave some or all of the loan (expense) at some point in the future."
Actually it was through my own research because I despised the guy until about a month before the election.  Spent hours trying to prove he was a racist pouring over every word that ever entered his mind on Twitter.  Turns out the media was completely full of it.  What a relief that was.  I actually thought we were going to have a racist homophobic nazi for a president.
It depends on which of the big4. Some of them have more revenue and profit from consulting than from audit. Specifically, some of the big4 have failed at growing their consulting business to be competitive with the consulting arms of other firms and/or sold off their consulting groups and are in the process of rebuilding.
Lightning is an unpredictable phenomenon. Each year thousands of properties are destructed and damaged globally by lightning strikes. Lightning damage in the US alone cost over 5 billion-dollars annually. A properly installed lightning system can safeguard and prevent damage up to 98%. Click here for more details: https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/68791054-william-porter
At Elite Curbing, we offer all that you need to guarantee that your garden is strong and prosperous all through the whole year.  Although whether you require essential grass care and upkeep, a foundation of new turf,  arrangement and moreover execution, can offer help! We are a full advantage curb scene organization, Despite whether your property is private or business, we suspect getting to be noticeably familiar with your yard and making sense of how we can best serve you!
Eh? So the free-lance web developer's argument is that using old technology makes your site slower and thus scares customers away.   That's exactly what I would expect a freelance web developer to say to try and drum up business, but that's not usually the case at all.  Older tech is generally faster than newer tech because it doesn't come pre-built on bloated frameworks.  It's usually a static website without a complicated back-end or frontend.  There are exceptions, but newer sites are chosen for ease of development, maintanability, and it's what the developers know.  Speed is often lost, but it's made up by improvements in the hardware.   **Edit**: Oh, I just took a look at your posting history.  This is basically your blog spam.
"Going through the list of economies that currently use the dollar, all of them list cents as a fractional unit. In Hong Kong and Taiwan, the 1/100 fractional unit is still called a cent, but it's no longer in circulation in coin form and only finds use in financial markets or electronic payments.  In countries like Malaysia, the word ""sen"" is used as the translation of the word ""cent"", even though the word for the actual currency, ""ringgit"", isn't a translation of the word ""dollar"".  A similar situation occurs in Panama. The local currency is called the balboa, and it's priced on par (1:1) with the US dollar. US banknotes are also accepted as legal tender, and Panamanians sometimes use the terms balboa/dollar interchangeably. The 1/100 subdivision of the balboa is the centésimo, which is merely a translation of cent. Like Malaysia, the fractional unit is called ""cent"" (or a translation) but the main unit isn't merely a translation of the word ""dollar."" On a historical note, the Spanish Dollar was subdivided into 8 reales in order to match the German thaler (the word that forms the basis for the English word ""dollar"")."
"&gt;We need effective price controls on pharmaceuticals. Why are US made drugs cheaper in Europe?   Because single payer/universal healthcare gives more leverage to the pharma buyer.  Instead of raising the prices as much as the market will bear, the government can say ""this is what we are offering, or else you lose on millions of potential customers""."
"In your words, you want to ""easily determine whether an item was purchased as part of our individual accounts, or our combined family account."" It's not clear exactly to me what kind of reporting you're trying to get. (I find a useful approach here to be to start with the output you're trying to get from a system, and then see how that maps to the input you want to give the system.) Here's some possibilities:"
Source: I'm recently (2 years) out of college (Info Sciences + Technology degree) Disclaimer: Speaking from limited personal experience (see above) A lot of corporate recruiters like the prospect of hiring recent college grads of because of the location flexibility they have (typically own no real estate, are not married, and have no children). If you get a job with Amazon and relocate, take a year to settle your finances, then determine if purchasing a house is something you can manage. If you don't have a savings set aside for a reasonable down payment on a house, you'll get hit with a mortgage insurance payment each month =\, and that's not fun. Don't try to do too much at once, and make sure you have a full assessment of your finances before making any major purchases. I follow this general rule: Every few months, I fully re-assess our expenditures, and see what we can cut out or cut back on, put a bit into savings, and put the rest against outstanding student loans.
You can't insure for more than the financial cost of the event that you're insuring against, but that can be more than the current market value of the item. If you'd need to buy a new one, then that's your financial loss. New-for-old cover is common for property insurance.
If you're already in Australia you can just put your money in a savings account.  The type of trade you're describing is called a carry trade, it makes money on the interest rate difference but gives you exposure to risk that the exchange rates change.  You can, of course, leverage your money to get an even greater return at a higher risk. What you do is *borrow* USD, convert to AUD, and put in an Australian bank. In FX lingo this would be long AUDUSD.
"I had to look up the word contentious real quick. Thank you for that, added it to my lexicon!   That makes a lot of sense. Thus far, I was fortunate enough to only view videos from renowned economists and study from textbooks. I feel like this adds another layer to this entire field. Until now, all the problems  I read in the books were fixed, and under the assumption of the ""perfect market.""    I had almost forgotten that people react to incentives. (Advocate a certain stance because it's beneficial to you, not necessarily the majority) It's funny how learning little things affect so much of my perspective! Thank you."
"I just want to point out that this can happen anywhere, teachers with tenure who get into big trouble ""retire early"".  The whole country could do with a heaping helping of accountability. I've already seen unauthorized charges on my credit card, and I'm sure it'll continue for years to come."
We comply with the requirements of each policy to ensure that our online casino gives the player maximum protection while enjoying the highest quality games. If you are looking for the real experience of an online casino malaysia football betting with one of the leading casino operators in the world, you are in the right place! Play at GD2 ONE online casino and you'll discover the best casino games in the industry. We provide our players with a constantly expanding range of exciting and exclusive games.
I work at a FOREX broker, and can tell you that what you want to do is NOT possible. If someone is telling you it is, they're lying. You could (in theory) make money from the SWAP (the interest you speak of is called SWAP) if you go both short and long on the same currency, but there are various reasons why this never works. Furthermore, I don't know of any brokers that are paying positive SWAP (the interest you speak of is called SWAP) on any currency right now.
The company had been through many rounds of private financing prior to that.  There was a particular round where Mercedes Benz invested a lot of money which Elon credits with saving the company.  Elon says that the company would probably have survived but just taken longer to get to market, or done so at a slower ramp, without the government money.  Of course, he may be saying that for whatever PR reasons, but he's been pretty open about when the company was on the brink of death before, so I tend to believe it.  Keep in mind, they had already made money on the Roadster prior to the government loan (not a lot, but had they not been spending on Model S R&amp;D it would have produced a profit - but the whole intent to begin with was to fund Model S R&amp;D with the Roadster).  Also, the government loan was a loan, and that loan was paid back.  I don't see people criticizing Nissan, for example, for taking government loans, even though theirs was 10x the size of Tesla's and has not yet been paid back (by the way, I also am not criticizing Nissan for that, I'm just saying neither should be criticized).  Tesla, in fact, got the least money of any company out of that particular loan program.  Including Fisker, who got more money despite having a worse business plan.
Exactly. Newer sets are both better and cheaper than in the past. The basic airport + airlplane set has doubled in pieces and slightly reduced in price, (when adjusted for inflation) since the 80'ies.  The reason people think it's more expensive now is because now we are adults and paying for it ourselves. When we were kids our parents bought our LEGO and we had no concept of exactly how much money they were pouring into our toy collections.
Gas prices mysteriously drop every Autumn, and many people claim it's because of politics. Usually, for the past major elections, some Republicans in some form were up for election or re-election.  Oil companies and economists claim gas prices always drop in the Autumn due to lower demand, production cycle, etc.  This is the first time in 16 years a Democrat president is up for re-election (one particularly hated by the right-wing), and the gas prices *mysteriously* are rising in the Autumn (drastically, I might add) rather than falling like they usually do.  Coincidence?
At the current share price we (i.e. U.S. taxpayers)[ have lost $16 billion in the bailout.](http://www.detroitnews.com/article/20120605/POLITICS01/206050364/Romney-vows-quick-U-S-exit-from-GM?odyssey=tab%7Ctopnews%7Ctext%7CFRONTPAGE) I wonder how long the government plans to be in the auto business - and how we plan to eventually unload the shares without affecting the share price too much.    And yes, I realize I linked to an article about Romney, but there's some solid information a few paragraphs down.
Where are they going to get money from? Their bonds are worthless because they have no viable way of ever paying back debt so why would anyone lend money to them. You, and Keynes think that you can fuel debt with more debt, but all this does is build a massive debt bubble that has to pop at some point. This is exactly what these nations did for years and now are beginning to realize that they can no longer issue debt.
So basically they are trying to see two things.  One is whether prices are correlated to each other for long periods of time as a preliminary study suggested (which would go against efficient markets hypothesis, since you could use that info to game the market) or if that result is illusory and the long term returns are close to a standard normal distribution which would follow the effiecient markets hypo.  The second thing I don't follow as well, but they're trying to solve the first thing so that they can then look at why, when they look at returns at different time scales, (1minute, one hour, one week), the model which had been proposed for these returns is not supported by the data  (the first thing). They say that the old model (Levy) says that the variability should not be the same at the different time scales, but the data suggests that it is.  So they then propose a modification of the old Levy model, and say that it would also explain the strange first result they looked at. (that prices are correlated for longer periods).  That probably doesn't make any sense, but you might have more luck by posting in /r/statistics.
There is no limit on the output maximum in one year. The strength of the HSA is that if you don't spend all the money in the account, it rolls over to the next year. The benefit is that if a few years down the road you get a huge medical bill you are protected because you can pull it out of the HSA.  The goal for me was to build up the account to a level that even if I had to may the maximum out of pocket for my insurance policy the money game from previous years deposits and current year deposits. Even you ever have the situation where the employer doesn't offer a high deductible plan the money for co-payments and medicines can still be pulled from the pre-existing HSA.  If the government did limit you to withdraws not exceeding current year deposits the roll over feature would be worthless.
Agreed about the Zune. I got the very first gen for free which is why I gave it a chance, but had it broken I would have gladly purchased another. I used that thing daily for years and the only reason it retired is because my smartphone took over. It's in a box in the closet and looks as new as the day that I got it even after heavy use. One of many Microsoft products that people made fun of without ever giving it a shot.
&gt; They still lead the industry in the move to driverless taxis, which is what their entire model is based on.  The first company to really nail driverless is who will own that space. They aren't leading there in the tech, they just have a large customer network ready to plug a solution into. If a big company who can afford to spend $$$ to build their customer network gets to fully functional levels of driverless first, they are in trouble.
I see a lot of answers calculcating with incomes that are much higher than yours, here is something for your situation: If you would keep your current income for the rest of your life, here is approximately how things would turn out after 40 years: All interest is calculated relative to the amount in your portfolio. Therefore, lets start with 1 dollar for 40 years: With your current income, 15% would be 82.5 dollar. At 12% this would over 40 years get you almost 1 million dollar. I would call a required return of more than 12% not 'likely'. The good news, is that your income will likely increase, and especially if this happens fast things will start to look up.  The bad news is, that your current salary is quite low. So, it basically means that you need to make some big jumps in the next few years in order to make this scenario likely. If you can quickly move your salary towards ranges that are more common in the US, then 15% of your income can build up to a million before you retire. However, if you just follow gradual growth, you would need to get quite lucky to reach a million.  Note that even if reaching a million appears unlikely, it is probably still a good idea to save!
As a 22 year old planning for your financial life, it is obvious to say that saving as much as you can to invest for the long run is the smartest thing to do from a financial point of view.  In general, at this point, aged 22, you can take as much risk as you'll ever will. You're investing for the very long term (+30/+40 years). The downside of risk, the level of uncertainty on returns (positive or negative), is most significant on the short term (<5years). While the upside of risk, assuming you can expect higher returns the more risk you take, are most significant on the long term.  In short: for you're financial life, it's smart to save as much as you can and invest these savings with a lot of risk.  So, what is smart to invest in? The most important rule is to keep your investment costs as low as possible. Risk and returns are strongly related, however investment costs lower the returns, while you keep the risk. Be aware of the investment industry marketing fancy investment products. Most of them leave you with higher costs and lower returns. Research strongly suggests that an lowcost etf portfolio is our best choice. Personally, i disregard this new smart beta hype as a marketing effort from the financial industry. They charge more investment costs (that's a certain) and promise better returns because they are geniuses (hmmm...). No thanks. As suggested in other comments, I would go for an low cost (you shouldn't pay more than 0.2% per year) etf portfolio with a global diversification, with at least 90% in stocks. Actually that is what I've been doing for three years now (I'm 27 years old).
ermm yah but back then robots weren't replacing humies... we can get our jobs completed with robots now, so where is the job creation? horse carriage extinction translated to automobile manufacturing jobs, how is that similar to what's happening now? there will for sure be high tech robot repair jobs... but certainly not enough to replace burger boys who just got out of san quentin.. while it's true completely new jobs will be created in the future, what is the likelihood that a robot will be able to tackle that new job? pretty good chance there's gonna be more and more robots for more diverse jobs!   down with robots!
Most people today (and maybe regardless of era) are irrational and don't properly valuate many of their purchases, nor are they emotionally equipped to do the math properly, including projection into the future and applying probabilities. This compounds.  Imagine that each individual is bound to others by a rubber band and can stretch in a certain direction.  The more your neighbors stretch, the more you are both motivated to stretch and able to stretch.  These are crudely analogous to consumer wants as well as allowed consumer debt.  The banks are also within this network of rubber bands and much of their balance sheet is based on how far they've stretched on the aggregate of all connected bands (counting others debts as their credit because it will presumably be repaid), and every so often enough people's feet slip that a lot of rubber bands snap back.  This is a bubble bursting.
Looks like you are one on the ones that was not bred for its intelligence.  Look, GlodaSuckKoshrKnob, if you are going to make stupid assertions, find out why a Senior Pakistani Officer has always been stationed at Centcom HQ.  North Korea has not been Annihilated and is very much in the process of becoming a bigger pain in your lilly white ass, just like Iran.
You need to meet a woman (or man if you are in a state that allows same sex marriage) who has a carried forward loss or other loss that exceeds the $3K/yr they can take against their own income. If they had a loss of $200K some time ago, and are taking $3K/yr, they may still have $100K they can offset with you.  Marriages have been based on less than this.
Groups of three or four students will jointly decide on a Fortune 500 business in the United States and research this business and its practices in the United States. ( we chose Apple) Beyond a business concentration, focus on components of a concentration for your paper: i.e. benefits, accountability in accounting practices, direct to consumer marketing et al. Other members do research on HR, Marketing, accounting, and I have to research on finance.
"[...] are all bonds priced in such a way so that they all return the same amount (on average), after accounting for risk? In other words, do risk premiums ONLY compensate for the amount investors might lose? No. GE might be able to issue a bond with lower yield than, say, a company from China with no previous records of its presence in the U.S. markets. A bond price not only contains the risk of default, but also encompasses the servicability of the bond by the issuer with a specific stream of income, location of main business, any specific terms and conditions in the prospectus, e.g.callable or not, insurances against default, etc. Else for the same payoff, why would you take a higher risk? The payoff of a higher risk (not only default, but term structure, e.g. 5 years or 10 years, coupon payments) bond is more, to compensate for the extra risk it entails for the bondholder. The yield of a high risk bond will always be higher than a bond with lower risk. If you travel back in time, to 2011-2012, you would see the yields on Greek bonds were in the range of 25-30%, to reflect the high risk of a Greek default. Some hedge funds made a killing by buying Greek bonds during the eurozone crisis. If you go through the Efficient frontier theory, your argument is a counter statement to it. Same with individual bonds, or a portfolio of bonds. You always want to be compensated for the risk you take. The higher the risk, the higher the compensation, and vice versa. When investors buy the bond at this price, they are essentially buying a ""risk free"" bond [...] Logically yes, but no it isn't, and you shouldn't make that assumption."
"Buy term and invest the rest is something you will hear all the time, but actually cash value life insurance is a very misunderstood, useful financial product. Cash value life insurance makes sense if: If you you aren't maxing out your retirement accounts, just stick with term insurance, and save as much as you can for retirement. Otherwise, if you have at least 5 or 10k extra after you've funded retirement (for at least 7 years),  one financial strategy is to buy a whole life policy from one of the big three mutual insurance firms.  You buy a low face value policy, for example, say 50k face value; the goal is to build cash value in the policy. Overload the policy by buying additional paid up insurance in the first 7 years of the policy, using a paid-up addition rider of the policy. This policy will then grow its cash value at around 2% to 4% over the life of the policy....similar perhaps to the part of your portfolio that would would be in muni bonds; basically you are beating inflation by a small margin. Further, as you dump money into the policy, the death benefit grows. After 7 or 8 years, the cash value of the policy should equal the money you've put into it, and your death benefit will have grown substantially maybe somewhere around $250k in this example. You can access the cash value by taking a policy loan; you should only do this when it makes sense financially or in an emergency; but the important thing to realize is that your cash is there, if you need it.  So now you have insurance, you have your cash reserves. Why should you do this?  You save up your cash and have access to it, and you get the insurance for ""free"" while still getting a small return on your investment. You are diversifying your financial portfolio, pushing some of your money into conservative investments."
"Very interesting. I'm actually glad you mentioned term structure models, because that's something I'm interested in. But I don't think the distinction you draw between ""equilibrium"" and ""arbitrage free"" models makes sense with Black-Scholes.  My understanding was that the discrepancy between equilibrium and arbitrage-free term structure models arises because term structure models lack market completeness. In other words, when the market is incomplete (as it is with interest rates), you'll have a continuum of bond prices that are compatible with no arbitrage, and the exact price will depend on the market price for risk.   However, in Black-Scholes, the market price for risk term basically falls out of the equation because of market completeness. Or in other words, since we have market completeness, there's a *unique* martingale measure that gives the price for the option. So when you have market completeness, there should be no difference between an equilibrium and a no-arbitrage model - they're one and the same."
"At the most fundamental level, every market is comprised of buyers and selling trading securities. These buyers and sellers decide what and how to trade based on the probability of future events, as they see it. That's a simple statement, but an example demonstrates how complicated it can be. Picture a company that's about to announce earnings. Some investors/traders (from here on, ""agents"") will have purchased the company's stock a while ago, with the expectation that the company will have strong earnings and grow going forward. Other agents will have sold the stock short, bought put options, etc. with the expectation that the company won't do as well in the future. Still others may be unsure about the future of the company, but still expecting a lot of volatility around the earnings announcement, so they'll have bought/sold the stock, options, futures, etc. to take advantage of that volatility.  All of these various predictions, expectations, etc. factor into what agents are bidding and asking for the stock, its associated derivatives, and other securities, which in turn determines its price (along with overall economic factors, like the sector's performance, interest rates, etc.) It can be very difficult to determine exactly how markets are factoring in information about an event, though. Take the example in your question. The article states that if market expectations of higher interest rates tightened credit conditions... In this case, lenders could expect higher interest rates in the future, so they may be less willing to lend money now because they expect to earn a higher interest rate in the future. You could also see this reflected in bond prices, because since interest rates are inversely related to bond prices, higher interest rates could decrease the value of bond portfolios. This could lead agents to sell bonds now in order to lock in their profits, while other agents could wait to buy bonds because they expect to be able to purchase bonds with a higher rate in the future.  Furthermore, higher interest rates make taking out loans more expensive for individuals and businesses. This potential decline in investment could lead to decreased revenue/profits for businesses, which could in turn cause declines in the stock market. Agents expecting these declines could sell now in order to lock in their profits, buy derivatives to hedge against or ride out possible declines, etc. However, the current low interest rate environment makes it cheaper for businesses to obtain loans, which can in turn drive investment and lead to increases in the stock market. This is one criticism of the easy money/quantitative easing policies of the US Federal Reserve, i.e. the low interest rates are driving a bubble in the stock market. One quick example of how tricky this can be. The usual assumption is that positive economic news, e.g. low unemployment numbers, strong business/residential investment, etc. will lead to price increases in the stock market as more agents see growth in the future and buy accordingly. However, in the US, positive economic news has recently led to declines in the market because agents are worried that positive news will lead the Federal Reserve to taper/stop quantitative easing sooner rather than later, thus ending the low interest rate environment and possibly tampering growth.  Summary: In short, markets incorporate information about an event because the buyers and sellers trade securities based on the likelihood of that event, its possible effects, and the behavior of other buyers and sellers as they react to the same information. Information may lead agents to buy and sell in multiple markets, e.g. equity and fixed-income, different types of derivatives, etc. which can in turn affect prices and yields throughout numerous markets."
Companies used to be bought up for creation capability or acquiring talent. Nowadays, they are being bought just for their patents. A lot of software companies are hoarding patents in case of a patent war.   We need something like the DVD or Blu-ray patent group for smartphones.
Gold is a risky and volatile investment. If you want an investment that's inflation-proof, you should buy index-linked government bonds in the currency that you plan to be spending the money in, assuming that government controls its own currency and has a good credit rating.
As BrenBarn points out in his comment, the real values are inflation adjusted values using the consumer price index (CPI) included in the spreadsheet.  The nominal value adjusted by the CPI gives the real value in terms of today's dollars. For example, the CPI for the first month (Jan 1871) is given as 12.46 while the most recent month (Aug 2016) has a reported CPI of 240.45. Thus, the real price (in today's dollars) for the 4.44 S&P index level at Jan 1871 is calculated as 4.44 x 240.45 / 12.46 = 85.68 (actually reported as 85.65 due to rounding of the reported CPIs).  And similarly for the other real values reported.
"Indexes are down during the summer time, and I don't think it has something to do with specific stocks. If you look at the index history you'll see that there's a price drop during the summer time. Google ""Sell in May and go away"". The BP was cheap at the time for a very particular reason. As another example of a similar speculation you can look at Citibank, which was less than $1 at its lowest, and within less than a year went to over $4 ( more than 400%). But, when it was less than $1 - it was very likely for C to go bankrupt, and it required a certain amount of willingness to loose to invest in it. Looking back, as with BP, it paid off well. But - that is looking back. So to address your question - there's no place where people tell you what will go up, because people who know (or think they know) will invest themselves, or buy lottery tickets. There's research, analysts, and ""frinds' suggestions"" which sometimes pay off (as in your example with BP), and sometimes don't. How much of it is noise - I personally don't think I can tell, until I can look back and say ""Damn, that dude was right about shorts on Google, it did go down 90% in 2012!"""
Basement remodeling can considerably increase the resale value of your home because no one enjoys having an unfinished basement. Remodeling the basement is not an easy deed since you first need to come up with an idea of what you want, the make a proper plan and eventually put that plan into action to achieve the outcome.
"chapter 8 page 154:  &gt;""My point is that it's doubts and cynicism that keep most people poor and playing it safe...only a person's doubts keep them poor...'Cynics criticize and winners analyze' was one of [Rich Dad's] favorite mottos""  -from chapter 8 page 154 of Robert Kiyosaki's first print edition of *Rich Dad Poor Dad*  The whole page is about abandoning cynicism and has nothing to do with that Glenn-Beck-style rant/editorial you've linked to."
"His entire ""opinion"" is really just backing up Damore. Only in the last two paragraphs does he even mention what the actual title of the article is about where he goes on to say:  &gt;Either Pichai is unprepared to understand the research, is not capable of handling complex data flows or was simply too afraid to stand up to a mob.  &gt;Regardless of which weakness applies, this episode suggests he should seek a non leadership position.  Brilliant work, Mr. Brooks. Your analysis is spot on and not only should Damore not have been fired, but Pichai should resign as CEO of Google because of it. A better message would be sent to Google's customers, employees and shareholders by doing so. /s"
I work as a state employee and I can look at my coworkers' salaries and their title online. At first my coworkers were shocked that I would do such a thing, but they quickly realized it was of benefit to them when I told them that from my analysis, no one at my department ever gets raises. Prior to this, they were led to believe that there actually were opportunities for advancement here.  Knowing typical salaries can also help when looking at going into a new industry in which you are unfamiliar, otherwise, you have no idea if a job offer you get is in line with others' compensation.  So yes, I believe that knowing others' salaries can be helpful to the average employee and keeping it secret is par for the course because it's detrimental to the company.
"The standard interpretation of ""can I afford to retire"" is ""can I live on just the income from my savings, never touching the principal."" To estimate that, you need to make reasonable guesses about the return you expect, the rate of inflation, your real costs -- remember to allow for medical emergencies, major house repairs, and the like when determining you average needs, not to mention taxes if this isn't all tax-sheltered! -- and then build in a safety factor. You said liquid assets, and that's correct; you don't want to be forced into a reverse mortgage by anything short of a disaster. An old rule of thumb was that -- properly invested -- you could expect about 4% real return after subtracting inflation. That may or may not still be correct, but it makes an easy starting point. If we take your number of $50k/year (today's dollars) and assume you've included all the tax and contingency amounts, that means your nest egg needs to be 50k/.04, or $1,250,000. (I'm figuring I need at least $1.8M liquid assets to retire.) The $1.5M you gave would, under this set of assumptions, allow drawing up to $60k/year, which gives you some hope that your holdings would mot just maintain themselves but grow, giving you additional buffer against emergencies later. Having said that: some folks have suggested that, given what the market is currently doing, it might be wiser to assume smaller average returns. Or you may make different assumptions about inflation, or want a larger emergency buffer. That's all judgement calls, based on your best guesses about the economy in general and your investments in particular.  A good financial advisor (not a broker) will have access to better tools for exploring this, using techniques like monte-carlo simulation to try to estimate both best and worst cases, and can thus give you a somewhat more reliable answer than this rule-of-thumb approach. But that's still probabilities, not promises. Another way to test it: Find out how much an insurance company would want as the price of an open-ended inflation-adjusted $50k-a-year annuity. Making these estimates is their business; if they can't make a good guess, nobody can. Admittedly they're also factoring the odds of your dying early into the mix, but on the other hand they're also planning on making a profit from the deal, so their number might be a reasonable one for ""self-insuring"" too. Or might not. Or you might decide that it's worth buying an annuity for part or all of this, paying them to absorb the risk. In the end, ""ya pays yer money and takes yer cherce."""
This is just pure capitalistic evil.  OK, I think I spoke too soon.  There are caps on how much you pay back (2-1/2 times principal), and the royalty isn't for your whole life, but a specific period.  Perhaps not evil, but I don't think it's a great investment.  Unless you plan on working for a non-profit.
If I can get an accurate measurement of my foot and the manufacturers can offer accurate dimensions of their shoes it would make that problem go away almost entirely. Sure, the style of shoe may affect how it feels even if it technically fits your foot.  As someone with oddly wide feet, this would be perfect for me since retail stores rarely ever carry wide sizes.
A pure free market for agricultural commodities would be disastrous. Markets respond efficiently but not instantaneously. Shifts in he supply and demand of labor and capital investment are particularly slow. If a large percentage of corn farmers go under one fall there have to be new farmers/capitalists picking up the slack by next spring or there will be insufficirnt production that cant be recovered for an entire year.   Society can't withstand massive losses of commodity production, strategic reserves can help absorb the damage but youre still paying for innefficient production as grains can only be stored for so long and need replacing on an annual basis.
Hey desquinbnt &amp; pontsone, I had an explanation written up about Share and Bond evaluation and in which, one share evaluation technique utilizes the P/E ratio - hence I explained it. Have a read, if you'd want me to go more in depth, let me know! :)  http://letslearnfinance.net/2012/06/09/introduction-to-bonds-and-share-valuation/
As per the chart pattern when ever a stock breaks its 52 week high. This information may differ for penny stocks,small caps and mid cap stocks
I can't believe he disrespected exit strategies.  Exit strategies are the most important part of starting a business in my opinion- being   to get out of a business with your life still in tact is crucial. I have started 6 businesses and have successfully exited 4 of them.  I know friends and family who started businesses with no exit plan and are now grinding away their lives unhappily, feeling trapped in a business that isn't worth being involved in anymore.  A lot of times things don't go as planned in business, and a clean exit is a way to move forward with life with your chin up.
Is my observation that the currency exchange market is indirect correct? Is there a particular reason for this? Why isn't currency traded like stocks? I guess yes. In Stocks its pretty simple where the stock is held with a depository. Hence listing matching is simple and the exchange of money is via local clearing. Currency markets are more global and there is no one place where trades happen. There are multiple places where it happens and is loosely called Fx market place. Building a matching engine is also complex and confusing. If we go with your example of currency pair, matches would be difficult.  Say; If we were to say all transactions happen in USD say, and list every currency as item to be purchased or sold. I could put a trade Sell Trade for Quantity 100 Stock Code EUR at Price 1.13 [Price in USD]. So there has to be a buy at a price and we can match. Similarly we would have Stock Code for GBP, AUD, JPY, etc. Since not every thing would be USD based, say I need to convert GBP to EUR, I would have to have a different set of Base currency say GBP. So here the quantity would All currencies except GBP which would be price. Even then we have issues, someone using USD as base currency has quoted for Stock GBP. While someone else using GBP has quoted for Stock USD. Plus moving money internationally is expensive and doing this for small trades removes the advantages. The kind of guarantees required are difficult to achieve without established correspondence bank relationships. One heavily traded currency pair, the exchange for funds happens via CLS Bank.
"The only really good reason to open a line of credit is that you want to buy something that you don't have money for. That's got its own risks - see plenty of other places to see warnings about not borrowing too much. The only other reason is that you might want to use a line of credit as your emergency fund. The usual way of doing this is to keep the money in an easily acccessible savings account - but such accounts usually pay rather now interest, and there is an argument for instead investing your emergency money in a higher-interest but less-accessible fund and using a line of credit to tide you over until you can extract the money. I'm worried about the comment that you can ""deduct my interest on my tax returns"". That is usually only possible if you are borrowing money to invest. It sounds as if your banker is going to persuade you to not only open a line of credit, but then invest that money in something. Be aware that this kind of 'leveraging' is much higher risk than investing money you already own."
Could those problems be solvedby simply building in unallocated hours into the system?  If I were in charge I would give each person 5 to 10 hours of week for personal time. They could spend it helping other departments, learning new technolgies, fixing their computer, or simply relaxing. Having to account for every second of every day is just too stressful.
NRI Banking - HDFC Bank offer a wide range of NRI Banking products &amp; services. Open the Best NRI Account with HDFC Bank and meet all your banking requirements. HDFC NRI Banking includes different types of accounts such as saving account, current account, money transfer &amp; much more! Get more information on our website!
"I've done exactly what you are describing and it was a great move for me. A few years back I had two credit cards. One had a $6000 balance and a fairly high interest rate that I was making steady payments to (including interest).  The other was actually tied to a HELOC (home equity line of credit) whose interest rate was fixed to ""prime"", which was very low at the time, I think my effective rate on the card was around 3%.  So, I pulled out one of the ""cash advance checks"" from the HELOC account and paid off the $6000 balance. Then I started making my monthly payments against the balance on the HELOC, and paid it off a bit more quickly and with less overall money spent because I was paying way less interest. Another, similar, tactic is to find a card that doesn't charge fees for balance transfers and that has a 0% interest rate for the first 12 months on transferred balances. I am pretty sure they are out there. Open an account on that card, transfer the balance to it, and pay it down within 12 months. And, try not to use the card for anything else if you can help it."
Murdoch knows his markets and what customers want. LA is a liberal paradise and Murdoch would be an idiot to turn the paper into a conservative one because he knows he would lose most of his customers. He's in this business to make money, not to force his views on us.
A CFD is like a bet. Bookies don't own horses or racetracks but you still pay them and they pay you if the horses win. If you buy a CFD the money goes to the firm you bought it from and if the stock price changes in your favour, they will pay you. However, if it goes against you they may ask you for more money than you originally invested to cover your losses. Constacts for difference are derivatives, i.e. you gain on the change in the price or delta of something rather than on its absolute value. Someone bets one way and is matched with someone (or perhaps more than one) betting the other way. Both parties are bound by the contract to pay or be payed on the outcome. One will win and the other will necessarily lose.  It's similar in concept to a spread bet, although spread bets often have a fixed timescale whereas CFDs do not and CFDs generally operate via the payment of a commission rather than via charges included in the spread. There's more information on both CFDs and spread betting here If somone has a lot of CFDs that might affect the stock price if it's known about as others may buy/sell real stock to either make the CFD pay or may it not pay depending on whether they think they can make money on it. Otherwise CFDs don't have much of an effect on stock prices.
&gt;But gold does have other uses. It is a metal that's used for jewelry, it has decorative value. Exchanging something for gold is like a caveman giving you a stone ax if you do some cave paintings for him.  That's not quite the point. I was addressing a specific problem. I'm aware that it's more complex, hence my disclaimer of simplicity.   But to address your point, not everyone is a goldsmith. Imagine if the medium was saltpeter. Of course someone's going to use it to make explosives, but most people are not in that line of work. To most people, gold has no use except as a store of value. Why is an identically designed plastic necklace so much cheaper than a gold one? Because as many uses as it has, plastic doesn't store value (some say intrinsically, I say artificially) the way gold does.  &gt;because they lack the manufacturing capacity to do so.   Like I said, they can invest in factory expansion or new factory construction. To stick to the metaphor, they need to plant more apple trees. There may not be a million apples available, but if that's what the demand is -and why else would anyone offer a million apples- that's the potential market size (especially if the supply exists in China). So the farmer ought to increase his yield, thereby lowering his average cost to produce an apple. If he knows he can only plant 100 apple trees, he's not going to promise a million apples when asking for a loan to expand his orchard.  EDIT:  &gt;with their nominal value that people agreed upon.  The same phenomenon occurs in bullion currency.
Did anyone else catch this gem from CEO Richard Johnson:  &gt;On the Friday earnings call, Johnson went on to say that the company isn’t worried about Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.22%   **because of the experience at Foot Locker stores, like a special event or a conversation with one of the store associates.**  How fucking out of touch are these upper level executives? It's unbelievable. Consumers don't want a conversation with minimum wage employees who don't give a damn. The shareholders would do well to boot him out ASAP and get someone new in.
This is when the Netflix UI became insufferable. They took out all the text, and now they barely tell you what the movie is about, or who made it, but they've got lots of images that take forever to load.
"The most succinct answer is ""Banks are in the Money business"". Not construction, not real estate, not any of the other things they may find find themselves sometimes being dragged (foreclosure) or tempted (construction) into. ""Money"" is their core competence, and as good business people they recognize that straying outside that just dilutes their focus."
Our Site http://www.furwheels.com/dog-bike-trailer/ A dog trailer is very useful if you want to travel along with your pets. There are several kinds of Dog Bike Trailer in the markets. These come in different styles, colors and sizes. When it comes to investments, it doesn't hurt to know all your options. In buying a dog bike trailer, for instance, there is more to it than choosing a particular type of dog trailer that your companion can fit into. This keeps you informed on what other features you need to consider for a sure deal while investing in your pet's care and transportation.
Reddit has a huge value I think which has not been mentioned - that companies, corporations, organisations use it to market and advertise themselves, for free.  Sometimes they do that under the covers, so to speak, and some users don't like it (e.g. hailcorporate) but often they will promote their products transparently, and often normal users don't mind. The most obvious example is Netflix on /r/movies. Multiple employees were observed continuously posting things to the site, via submissions, comments etc and users liked it.  By introducing a charge for these corporate users they can reap in a substantial income. Whether it would make sense for them to label these corp users as such is another option, but they certainly know about them. I find it interesting that most normal users find that they don't mind interacting with paid marketing employees and that they consider it organic and natural, very interesting. I also find it worrying.
Slide 1 SPRINGHILL GROUP FDA Urges Markets To Pull Shellfish From South Korea Slide 2 FDA Urges Markets To Pull Shellfish From South Korea WASHINGTON, D.C.The Food and Drug Administration is urging food distributors, retailers and food service vendors to remove from the market oysters, clams, mussels and scallops imported from South Korea because of possible contamination with human waste and norovirus. Slide 3 The decision follows an FDA evaluation that determined that the Korean Shellfish Sanitation program no longer meets adequate sanitation controls. The federal agency is in discussions with South Korean authorities to resolve the issue. Slide 4 An FDA spokesman, Curtis Allen, said Thursday the decision to call for the removal of the mollusks from the market began with norovirus outbreaks in November and December. Slide 5 Curtis said no illnesses from eating the shellfish have been reported this year. Four norovirus illnesses, including three in Washington state, were reported in 2011. Norovirus causes vomiting or diarrhea.
"This answer is better served as a comment but I don't have enough rep.  It is not guaranteed that they 'do not accrue interest while you are a full time student'. Some student loans can capitalize the interest - before pursuing leveraged investing, be sure that your student loan is not capitalizing. https://www.salliemae.com/student-loans/manage-your-private-student-loan/understand-student-loan-payments/learn-about-interest-and-capitalization/ Capitalized interest Capitalized interest is a second reason your loan may end up costing   more than the amount you originally borrowed. Interest starts to accrue (grow) from the day your loan is disbursed   (sent to you or your school). At certain points in time—when your   separation or grace period ends, or at the end of forbearance or   deferment—your Unpaid Interest may capitalize. That means it is added   to your loan’s Current Principal. From that point, your interest will   now be calculated on this new amount. That’s capitalized interest."" https://www.navient.com/loan-customers/interest-and-taxes/how-student-loan-interest-works/ Capitalized Interest If you accrue interest while you are in school – as with Direct   Unsubsidized, FFELP Unsubsidized, Direct and FFELP PLUS Loans, and   Private Loans – you will have capitalized interest if it is unpaid.   Unpaid accrued interest is added to the principal amount of your loan   after you leave school and finish any applicable grace period. Simply put, there will be interest to be paid on both the principal of   the loan and on the interest that has already accumulated. To minimize the effects of the capitalized interest on the amount you   will pay overall, you can pay the interest during college instead of   waiting until after graduation. That way, you start with the original   principal balance (minus any fees) when you begin repayment."
http://finance.yahoo.com/news/tesla-q2-loss-narrower-estimates-113042878.html  &gt;Including the impact of Model S revenues deferred due to lease accounting, top line jumped 89.9% to $769.3 million in the quarter from $405.1 million a year ago. Revenues, however, lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $802 million.  &gt;The year-over-year revenue growth was driven by higher vehicle deliveries. Tesla delivered 7,579 cars in the second quarter, surpassing the guidance of 7,500 deliveries and increasing more than 17% over the first quarter of 2014. The automaker also benefited from initiation of the delivery of powertrains to Daimler AG (DDAIF) for the Mercedes-Benz B Class Electric Drive, although the winding down of electric powertrain components sales to Toyota Motor Corp. (TM) for the RAV4 EV is hurting revenues.  &gt;Gross profit, including the impact of Model S gross profit deferred due to lease accounting and stock-based compensation expenses, amounted to $213.0 million in second-quarter 2014, against $100.5 million in the year-ago quarter.  &gt;Revenues (on a reported basis) from Automotive sales, jumped to $768.2 million in the quarter from $401.5 million a year ago. Reported revenues from Development services (producing electric vehicle powertrain components and systems for other automobile manufacturers) slumped to $1.1 million from $3.6 million a year ago.  &gt;Financial Position  &gt;Tesla had cash and cash equivalents of $2.7 billion as of Jun 30, 2014, compared with $845.9 million as Dec 31, 2013. Long-term debt was $2.4 billion as of Jun 30, 2014, versus $586.3 million as of Dec 31, 2013.  &gt;Cash flow from operating activities amounted to $57.1 million in the first half of 2014, compared with $28.8 million in the year-ago period. Capital expenditures increased to $317.0 million from $98.2 million in the first half of 2013.  &gt;Gigafactory Update  &gt;Tesla has signed a formal agreement with Panasonic Corp. (PCRFY) for partnership in the Gigafactory. Under the agreement, Panasonic will invest in production equipment for the manufacture of lithium-ion battery cells, while Tesla will invest in land, buildings and utilities for the Gigafactory as well as production equipment for battery module and pack production. Moreover, Tesla will be responsible for the management of the Gigafactory. Other partners will also be involved in the Gigafactory for manufacture of the required precursor materials.  &gt;In June, Tesla broke ground for the potential construction of the Gigafactory near Reno, NV. While the location of the Gigafactory has not been decided yet, Tesla is planning to hold ground-breaking ceremony for the factory at three sites to avoid any delay in construction. Construction work will begin at one of the three sites by the end of the year and will be wrapped up by 2017.  &gt;Outlook  &gt;Tesla expects to record a marginal adjusted profit in the third quarter of 2014. Production volume in the third quarter of 2014 is expected to be 9,000 cars, up 2.7% from 8,763 cars produced in the second quarter of 2014. This includes the impact of the two-week production shutdown at the Fremont factory for the transition to the new final assembly line, which is expected to result in production loss of about 2,000 cars in the third quarter. However, due to the enhanced factory capacity, Tesla expects production volume to increase to an average of 1,000 cars per week in the fourth quarter of 2014 from 800 cars at present.  &gt;Further, vehicle deliveries are expected to increase to 7,800 in the third quarter of 2014 from 7,579 cars in the second quarter. However, deliveries are expected to be lower than production due to increase in the number of vehicles in transit. Tesla also plans to lease about 300 vehicles in North America in the third quarter, which is expected to increase further in the fourth quarter. Further, the automaker anticipates to deliver more than 35,000 vehicles globally in 2014, up 55% over 2013.  &gt;Adjusted automotive gross margin, excluding ZEV credits, is expected to increase to 28% by the end of 2014. The company believes that declining parts prices and economies of scale will benefit its gross margin.  &gt;Operating expenses are expected to increase in the third quarter of 2014. The company believes that research and development expenses will increase 20% sequentially in the quarter. Selling, general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expenses are projected to rise 15%.  &gt;Capital expenses for the year are expected to range between $750 million and $950 million, up from the previous projection of $650–$850 million. Tesla is investing heavily in increasing production capacity, development of Model S and Model X, the Gigafactory construction and expansion of sales, service and Supercharger infrastructure.   Increasing revenue, increasing sales, increasing gross profits, increasing margins = increasing investments into the company for exponential growth.   Baby you've never been risk taking in your life before?
I think there are actually two separate questions here. Will Provider A allow me to transfer only part of an ISA product to Provider B while keeping the other part in Provider A. Only Provider A can answer this. Will HMRC rules allow me to keep making payments to the part that remained in Provider A. I don't have a definitive source for this, but in my experience where the ISA rules have been unclear about particular edge cases and I have asked HMRC similar questions directly, their answer has always been that they will look at the situation in the round at the end of the tax year (they get summaries from the providers) and as long as you haven't attempted to double-benefit or otherwise get around the limits, they won't have an issue with it.
Charles ponzi invented the Ponzi scheme (also known as the pyramid scheme) in the 1910 area before ww1 I believe. He got a bunch of people to invest in postage stamps and get other people to invest as they promised a huge return. Charles kept the money for himself and when people started wanting their money back it all came tumbling down. There is a movie on Netflix about how Charles got caught and the man who caught him.  This is different than the Direct Selling industry (also known as multi level or network marketing) which is a legal multi billion dollar industry with brands like Mary Kay and Amway. There are three parameters that make a company an illegal pyramid: 1) only money is distributed. There are no products or services being rendered. 2) you can never make more money than the person who sponsored you into business. 3) you get money from the registration part of signing people up.  Personally I am part of the fastest growing and most successful organization that utilizes this model. It is an organization called World Wide Dreambuilders, a mentorship and training organization that teaches people how to make a profitable business that distributes Amway products in a legal way with high integrity.   Honestly 80% of the industry is people trying to hype up and sign up their friends and family and it's pretty lame. I can only speak for the Seattle area but my sponsor is making over $150k a year and has a strong organization with over 100 people in it. He built this business part time and is about to walk away from his day job in September and its freaking rad. Hope all this answers your question.
"The purpose of taking a ""secured loan"" is to build credit. This might be done by someone who had a bad stain on their credit history such as a bankruptcy or foreclosure, or possibly by someone just out of school (presumably with few or no student loans),and no credit history. Not everyone needs to, or should do this, however. The advantage for a borrower is that s/he gets to create a record of repaying a loan that will partly mitigate the bad credit history. The advantage for the bank is that it is ""no risk,"" because the savings account is the security for the loan. That would make it willing to ""lend"" to a bad credit risk."
You are, somewhat hysterically, a creditor. Babies R Us owes you. As such, you have *some* sort of claim.   Now, Toys R Us is undergoing Chapter 11 bankruptcy, which means the company *isn't* going away into the dust from whence it came. At least not yet.   You should be able to either utilize the credit still at stores.   Converting to cash may depend on how you hold the credit. Is it on account with the store, or is it through gift cards or something?  You can certainly sell the gift cards. You may sell at face value or, possibly, at a discount. If you don't have gift cards, you can use the credit to purchase merchandise and then sell that to others. That will translate into inventory risk.
"Has the article changed in the past 9 hours since you posted? The link at the bottom is in the VERY FIRST SENTENCE.  I know stealing goes on, but is there any reason to think that the ""author"" on medium is not the original author at reddit?"
The site still has to hit the ad server to find out which image to use. The ad server could then do everything it already does, but instead of returning the image, it returns a string that matches the filename of the image to be used. The site then pulls that image from its server.
Look at literally any discussion about guns that isn't a pro gun echochamber. I don't just save articles and threads to use it later, and I don't have time to go on some huge research project with Reddit's godawful search function.
You need to register as self-employed with HMRC (it is perfectly fine to be self-employed and employed by an employer at the same time, in exactly your kind of situation). Then, when the income arrives you will need to declare it on your yearly tax return.  HMRC information about registering for self-employment and declaring the income is here: https://www.gov.uk/working-for-yourself/overview There's a few extra hoops if your clients are outside the UK; the detail depends on whether they are in the EU or not. More details about this are here: https://www.gov.uk/online-and-distance-selling-for-businesses/selling-overseas .
"Let me provide a general answer, that might be helpful to others, without addressing those specific stocks. Dividends are simply corporate payouts made to the shareholders of the company.  A company often decides to pay dividends because they have excess cash on hand and choose to return it to shareholders by quarterly payouts instead of stock buy backs or using the money to invest in new projects. I'm not exactly sure what you mean by ""dividend yield traps.""  If a company has declared an dividend for the upcoming quarter they will almost always pay.  There are exceptions, like what happened with BP, but these exceptions are rare.  Just because a company promises to pay a dividend in the approaching quarter does not mean that it will continue to pay a dividend in the future.  If the company continues to pay a dividend in the future, it may be at a (significantly) different amount. Some companies are structured where nearly all of there corporate profits flow through to shareholders via dividends.  These companies may have ""unusually"" high dividends, but this is simply a result of the corporate structure.    Let me provide a quick example: Certain ETFs that track bonds pay a dividend as a way to pass through interest payments from the underlying bonds back to the shareholder of the ETF. There is no company that will continue to pay their dividend at the present rate with 100% certainty.  Even large companies like General Electric slashed its dividend during the most recent financial crisis.  So, to evaluate whether a company will keep paying a dividend you should look at the following: Update: In regards to one the first stock you mentioned, this sentence from the companies of Yahoo! finance explains the ""unusually"" dividend: The company has elected to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and would not be subject to income tax, if it distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to its share holders."
Pilates are a great way to achieve the fitness that you wish to achieve. If you want to start in south melbourne with pilates give us a call. At Melbourne Altitude Training, we help you in doing clinical pilates and have all the modern equipment for that.our training sessions will help you get the results.
I can't believe no one has mentioned Detroit yet!   Amazon already pulls a huge percentage of their MBA hires from 40 miles away at the University of Michigan. The state is filled with good schools pumping out smart, qualified STEM, engineering, and computer science majors. We're also surrounded by great schools in Chicago and Pennsylvania.   Detroit has an exploding urban core but also lots of space for new development right downtown. It has a quickly diversifying economy, though the auto industry is still a significant player which is assisting with Detroit's thriving tech sector and driving autonomous vehicle research and development.  Detroit is 20 minutes away from Canada (across a bridge or through a tunnel - and a second bridge is in the process of being built). Depending on how the US emigration policy continues, having access to an international workforce via Canada at a US HQ could be a game changer.  There is a lot that Detroit can offer that is unique to this city.
In my experience they charge you coming and going. For example, if a brokerage firm is advertising that their commissions are only $7/trade, then that means you pay money to buy the stock, plus $7 to them, and later on if you want to sell that stock you must pay $7 to get out of the deal.  So, if you want to make any money on a stock (say, priced at $10) you would have to sell it at a price above $10+$7+$7=$24. That kind of sale could take a few years to turn a profit. However, with flat-rate fees like that it is advantageous to buy in bulk.
"You have what is called in the biz a ""thin file"".  Check with a Credit Union.  They will get you a secured card or maybe a straight credit card.  They usually will graduate you from a secured card to a real credit card in 12-18 months. Then you are on your way.   You should also sign up for Creditkarma to get your credit report updated every week.  They make their money on referring people to credit card companies so you might be able to kill two birds with one stone."
"Your best bet might be to visit a local IRS office in person. To find your local office, use the IRS office locator page.  After you enter your zip code and find your nearest office, click on the ""hours and services"" link, which will show you a list of every office in your state.  For each office, you can click on the ""services provided"" link to make sure that they handle ""payment arrangements"" at your selected office.  Finally, you should probably call the local office first to see if you need an appointment, so you don't have to wait."
Check out the /r/personalfinance wiki: https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics  While it's not a life-changing amount, this page on windfalls might also be useful: https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall  Vanguard is often recommended as having low-fee index funds. You should make sure you understand the different investment vehicles though - taxable accounts vs IRA vs 401k, etc.
What I did when I interned was ask for more work. After a while, my supervisor got used to pouring shit on me to work on. They learn to trust you, and give you more important stuff to work on. In the end, I was handling bank statements and such (although they would always check that I was doing everything exactly right).
"Disclaimer: I am neither a lawyer nor a tax-expert This page on the HMRC site lists several pages that appear to be relevant, starting with CG78401 - Foreign currency: delayed remittances and on to CG78408 - Foreign currency: example which seems pertinent to your case [paraphrased]: A property bought in 1983 is sold for a [taxable] gain in one tax-year (1986/87) but the proceeds cannot be released/remitted to the UK until later (1991/92), by which time currency fluctuations have created a second [taxable] gain. The size of the first gain (selling the property) is determined by the exchange rate in effect at the time of the sale but because of local restrictions, this can be deferred.  The size of the second gain (currency movement) is determined by the change in exchange-rate between the time of the sale and the time of conversion. In your case, the first ""gain"" was actually a loss, so I believe you should be able to use this to offset any tax due second gain.  This page states that losses can be claimed up to four years after the end of the tax-year in which they were incurred, so you are probably still OK. (The example makes application under TCGA92/S279 to defer the gain made on the original sale [because of the inability to transfer funds], but as I understand it, this is primarily to avoid a tax liability in that year.  Since you made a loss on the sale, there wouldn't have been a tax liability, so there would be no need to defer it)."
The ROI percentage becomes a meaningless figure at that point and would either be infinite or a very large number if you assume an equity investment of $1 or $0.01.   At that point it's obviously a lucrative deal *as long as it works out* so the bigger question is what are the risks of it not working out and what's the ROIC.
1) How long have you had the car?  Generally, accounts that last more than a year are kept on your credit report for 7 years, while accounts that last less than a year are only kept about 2 years (IIRC - could someone correct me if that last number is wrong?). 2) Who is the financing through?  If it's through a used car dealer, there's a good chance they're not even reporting it to the credit bureaus (I had this happen to me; the dealer promised he'd report the loan so it would help my credit, I made my payments on time every time, and... nothing ever showed up.  It pissed me off, because another positive account on my credit report would have really helped my score).  Banks and brand name dealers are more likely to report the loan. 3) What are your expected long term gains on the stocks you're considering selling, and will you have to pay capital gains on them when you do sell them?  The cost of selling those stocks could possibly be higher than the gain from paying off the car, so you'll want to run the numbers for a couple different scenarios (optimistic growth, pessimistic, etc) and see if you come out ahead or not. 4) Are there prepayment penalties or costs associated with paying off the car loan early?  Most reputable financiers won't include such terms (or they'll only be in effect during the first few months of the loan), but again it depends on who the loan is through. In short: it depends.  I know people hate hearing answers like that, but it's true :)  Hopefully though, you'll be able to sit down and look at the specifics of your situation and make an informed decision.
The big problem I see with this article is it does not state what the profits would be minus the licensing fees. It only states revenue, which is obviously a bad indicator of taxes owed.   Also, licensing fees are applicable in some markets. For example in markets like China that mandate a company do business under a subsidiary, licensing is a legitimate expense, considering the subsidiary might not be wholly owned by the parent company (per the country's laws).   That said, this is the UK we're talking about, so it is clearly not in that situation. I was just pointing out in some markets it is a legitimate expense. Maybe the UK could make licensing fees a non-deductible expense after a certain percentage of subsidiary income. Its a complex problem, I would be interested to see if any other jurisdictions have tackled it.
Reading financial statements is important, in the sense that it gives you a picture of whether revenues and profits are growing or shrinking, and what management thinks the future will look like. The challenge is, there are firms that make computers read filings for them and inform their trading strategy. If the computer thinks the stock price is below the growth model, it's likely to bid the stock up. And since it's automated it's moving it faster than you can open your web browser. Does this mean you shouldn't read them? In a sense, no. The only sensible trading strategy is to assume you hold things for as long as their fundamentals exceed market value. Financial statements are where you find those fundamentals. So you should read them. But your question is, is it worth it for investors? My answer is no; the market generally factors information in quickly and efficiently. You're better off sticking to passive mutual funds than trying to trade. The better reason to learn to read these filings is to get a better sense of your employer, potential employers, competitors and even suppliers. Knowing what your margins are, what your suppliers margins and acquisitions are, and what they're planning can inform your own decision making.
Given that money can go into the 401(k) pre-tax, and that once the   loan is paid off, the principal is restored, I'm having a hard time   seeing the downside of this approach. Am I missing something or does   it actually make sense in my situation? You're missing several things. Here's a list of what I could think of: You should make sure that none of these issues is a problem for you.
"The Dividend Discount Model is based on the concept that the present value of a stock is the sum of all future dividends, discounted back to the present. Since you said: dividends are expected to grow at a constant rate in perpetuity ... the Gordon Growth Model is a simple variant of the DDM, tailored for a firm in ""steady state"" mode, with dividends growing at a rate that can be sustained forever. Consider McCormick (MKC), who's last dividend was 31 cents, or $1.24 annualized. The dividend has been growing just a little over 7% annually. Let's use a discount, or hurdle rate of 10%. MKC closed today at $50.32, for what it's worth. The model is extremely sensitive to inputs. As g approaches r, the stock price rises to infinity. If g > r, stock goes negative. Be conservative with 'g' -- it must be sustainable forever.  The next step up in complexity is the two-stage DDM, where the company is expected to grow at a higher, unsustainable rate in the early years (stage 1), and then settling down to the terminal rate for stage 2. Stage 1 is the present value of dividends during the high growth period. Stage 2 is the Gordon Model, starting at the end of stage 1, and discounting back to the present. Consider Abbott Labs (ABT). The current annual dividend is $1.92, the current dividend growth rate is 12%, and let's say that continues for ten years (n), after which point the growth rate is 5% in perpetuity. Again, the discount rate is 10%. Stage 1 is calculated as follows: Stage 2 is GGM, using not today's dividend, but the 11th year's dividend, since stage 1 covered the first ten years. 'gn' is the terminal growth, 5% in our case. then... The value of the stock today is 21.22 + 51.50 = 72.72 ABT closed today at $56.72, for what it's worth."
Look at the left column.  If you are disabled at age 62 or older and have worked for at least 10 years they you qualify for full disability benefits (which are generally less than retirement benefits).   Outside of disability, one is only eligible for social security benefits at age 67 (unless you were born before 1960, in which case different rules apply), but you must have worked for at least 10 years to get full retirement benefits.
Cats For Life provided Casual, Formal and many style Cat T Shirts, and Online at reasonable cost accessible in feline forever. We have given to 100% custom solace cotton, rich, delicate ladies' feline T shirts and printed feline T shirts. Enormous accumulation of feline cat shirts at cats for life and extras at the feline forever. We have provided to cover your body with amazing cat T-shirts from cats for life. Search for your favorite new T-shirts from thousands of great designs in cats for life.
"Fuck Sears and their dogshit customer service.  They're putting themselves out of business.  [Link to my yelp review](http://www.yelp.com/biz/sears-roebuck-and-co-chicago#hrid:hoxPQTINooxJfZCKC_mtuw) of my latest and LAST experience.    Makes me rage too hard to retype it, but tl;dr, they couldn't follow instructions, fucked up the delivery, then wanted to charge me a delivery fee anyway, and had an average of 15-20 minutes hold time for each of three phone calls, and that still wasn't the end of it.  Make sure to read all the other ""fine"" reviews on this company's list of fuck ups.  Among others on my personal list, delivered the wrong model washer to my parents' house that wouldn't fit, and wanted to schedule a new delivery date (for weeks later), and took 7 weeks to fix a bad PCB on my TV.  Go to hell Sears!  Bye!"
"&gt; When you make a mistake, the sooner you admit it, the better.  OK.  Then explain this statement:  ""You still pay taxes on ""tax deferred"" retirement plans - In fact, I would dare say that in most cases, people end up paying more in taxes, because they pay it as regular income rather than LTCG.""  What is the account that you're referring to where you'd pay only LTCG?"
"To be honest, I think a lot of people on this site are doing you a disservice by taking your idea as seriously as they are. Not only is this a horrible idea, but I think you have some alarming misunderstandings about what it means to save for retirement. First off, precious metals are not an ""investment""; they are store of value. The old saying that a gold coin would buy a suit 300 years ago and will still buy a suit today is pretty accurate. Buying precious metals and expecting them to ""appreciate"" in the future because they are ""undervalued"" is just flat-out speculation and really doesn't belong in a well-planned retirement account, unless it's a very small part for the purposes of diversification. So the upshot to all of this is the most likely outcome is you get zero return after inflation (maybe you'll get lucky or maybe you'll be very unlucky). Next you would say that sure, you're giving up some expected return for a reduction in risk. But, you've done away with diversification which is the most effective way to minimize risk... And I'm not sure what scenario you're imagining that the stock market or any other reasonable investment doesn't make any returns. If you invest in a market wide index fund, then the expected return is going to be roughly in proportion with productivity gains. To say that there will be no appreciation of the stock market over the next 40 years is to say that technological progress will stop and/or we will have large-scale economic disruptions that will wipe out 40 years of progress. If that happens, I would say it's highly questionable whether silver will actually be worth anything at all. I'd rather have food, property, and firearms. So, to answer your question, practically any other retirement savings plan would be better than the one that you currently outlined, but the best plan is just to put your money in a very low-cost index fund at Vanguard and let it sit until you retire. The expense ratios are so stupidly small, that it's not going to meaningfully affect your return."
Whether you are moving a one room workplace or a big corporation, the best moving companies in ct makes all of the distinction in the globe. When you utilize an expert mover, you decrease responsibility risks. No more thinking about viable injury to your workers, accidental loss of files, damage to valuable essential or violating privacy regulations.
Excellent points, especially what you say about why managers like certain people and also how productivity is measured. I suspect many HR systems exist that aim to eliminate this subjectivity in terms of assessing employee performance and post-assessment, dole out rewards (pay, bonus, etc.) as objectively as possible...but of course these systems are far from perfect.
The actual financial statements should always be referenced first before opening or closing a position. For US companies, they are freely available on EDGAR.  Annual reports are called 10-Ks, and quarterly reports are called 10-Qs. YHOO and GOOG do a great job of posting financials that are quickly available, but money.msn has the best.  These should be starting point, quick references.  As you can see, they may all have the same strange accounting. Sometimes, it's difficult to find the information one seeks in the consolidated financial statements as in this case, so searching through the filing is necessary. The notes can be helpful, but Ctrl-F seems to do everything I need when I want something in a report. In AAPL's case, the Interest expense can be found in Note 3.
iTunes U has a wealth of content from highly respected universities including Yale, Harvard, Wharton, MIT, etc. If I were fifteen and looking to build some business acumen and savvy, that is where I would start. In particular, I find Harvard business review idea casts to be thought provoking and very timely. In addition, they generally focus on disruptive business models.    Good luck.
"I am in a similar situation and have recently found a planner who says a pension that pays $100/month is worth $18k in savings at retirement. I know that doesn't answer your question directly, but could could use a simple interest savings calculator (bank rate has one) to see how much of your income you would need to save over x period of time and deduct that from you the offer at your prospective employer to compare ""apples to apples"" However, I actually think the value of a pension at retirement is greater than listed above.  To illustrate: So in this example my pension would seem to be valued at about $14,000 in salary for those 10 years."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-30/as-poverty-surges-in-italy-populists-propose-a-citizens-income) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Five Star&amp;#039;s version would give Italians below the poverty line as much as &amp;euro;780 a month.  &gt; To keep Five Star from dominating the debate, Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, a Renzi ally, has approved a less ambitious plan he calls &amp;quot;The first universal tool against poverty.&amp;quot; The scheme, dubbed &amp;quot;Inclusion income,&amp;quot; would give 1.7 million people as much as &amp;euro;485 a month as long as they&amp;#039;re actively seeking work, at a cost of about &amp;euro;2 billion a year.  &gt; BOTTOM LINE - Italy&amp;#039;s populist Five Star Movement is proposing a universal basic income-an idea that rival parties have started to adopt ahead of elections expected next year.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6x7otl/as_poverty_surges_in_italy_populists_propose_a/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~201948 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Five**^#1 **Star**^#2 **year**^#3 **Party**^#4 **program**^#5"
Yes, it is possible. But why would someone take full responsibility, if you're the one enjoying the profits? You'll have to pay your administrator a lot, and probably also develop a profit sharing plan to encourage success. What you're looking, essentially is to be a passive shareholder, and not participate in any management decisions at all. Depending on your location, it will pose additional disadvantages for you (for example, in the US, that would force you to structure your business as a C-Corp, vs more advantageous S-Corp).
"Why only long term investments? What do they care if I buy and sell   shares in a company in the same year? Simple, your actually investing when you hold it for a long term. If you hold a stock for a week or a month there is very little that can happen to change the price, in a perfect market the value of a company should stay the same from yesterday to today so long as there is no news(a perfect market cannot exist). When you hold a stock for a long term you really are investing in the company and saying ""this company will grow"". Short term investing is mostly speculation and speculation causes securities to be incorrectly valued. So when a retail investor puts money into something like Facebook for example they can easily be burned by speculation whether its to the upside or downside. If the goal is to get me to invest my money, then why not give apply   capital gains tax to my savings account at my local bank? Or a CD   account? I believe your gains on these accounts are taxed... Not sure at what rate. If the goal is to help the overall health of business, how does it do   that? During an IPO, the business certainly raises money, but after   that I'm just buying and selling shares with other private   shareholders. Why does the government give me an incentive to do this   (and then hold onto it for at least a year)? There are many reasons why a company cares about its market price: A companies market cap is calculated by price * shares outstanding. A market cap is basically what the market is saying your company is worth. A company can offer more shares or sell shares they currently hold in order to raise even more capital. A company can offer shares instead of cash when buying out another company. It can pay for many things with shares. Many executives and top level employees are payed with stock options, so they defiantly want to see there price higher. these are some basic reasons but there are more and they can be more complex."
"If you do so in proportions to match juice, then yeah, you have juice (with added colorings, which are listed in the ingredients).  There's a reason there are limits, and that's to prevent such pedantry as what you suggest. There are small losses or gains allowed. Rarely does any industry hit things dead on.  For example, when making ham, one can add water (brine), and then cook the product, and as long as the finished product is not more than 0.9% from the original weight of the ham, it isn't ""water added."" It's pretty amazing what modern equipment can do, but I still can't hit the green weight dead on every time."
The smart phone platform vendors are missing out on a new niche that would make life easier for corporate workers and IT departments alike.  The current problem is the 'BYOD' trend, of every office worker wanting to bring their own device, iPhone, tablet, whatever. This is a problem because this is an uncontrolled environment from an IT point of view.  What if there was an app that ran on android/iOS/windows8/whatever that acted as a Virtual Phone that was encrypted and walled off from the rest of the users phone. And it is under complete control of corporate IT, so they are happy too. It would have its own number and act like a separate phone. However the user would only have one phone taking up pocket space, instead of classic situation of carrying their own phone and a 'work' phone.  The best company placed for this is RIM. They have a lot of experience in integrating phones to corporate environments. IT departments already have experience with the blackberry platform. They still have a large amount of money to burn in a Hail Mary project such as this and they are (or were) desperate enough to try such a change in direction.  They should exit the hardware business and make a virtual phone app that corporate IT can roll out to employees phones. Hell it would even be cheaper for companies than handsets alone.  They would own this market outright and if executed well, most companies would be on board and RIM would be back with the massive profit margins software usually carries. Instead of the lower margin hardware usually has.
STFU. What are you, on safetry patrol in the 5th grade? Moderators like you are the reason reddit is in rapid decline. Reddit in rapid decline effects the bottom line.  If you were to resign as moderator, the community, and the bottom line would be better off. /business
Yes, but that is more of a problem in the long run dynamics of companies. In the short run they aren't changing the person in charge. It seems weird to assume they will stop trying until we see an actual strategy shift that seems short sighted.
"Although there are some good points made here as to the cause of inflation (mostly related to supply and demand), azcoastal does head in a different direction, one which I myself was going to take. Let me give a different angle, however. Another cause of inflation is the printing of money by the government (not simply replacing old money with new, but adding to the total money in circulation). If the government doubles the amount of currency in circulation (for the sake of argument and easy math), the value of all money decreases by a factor of 2. That's inflation, and the way G. Edward Griffin in The Creature From Jekyll Island puts it, it's really tantamount to a hidden tax. In a nutshell, the federal government wants to buy some cool stuff like new tanks or planes, or they want to give a bunch of food stamps to poor people, or they want to fly their private jets around, but they don't have enough money from taxes. So, they print money and spend it and buy their stuff. Because they've just increased the money in circulation, however, money loses its value. For example, your savings has dropped in value by half, despite the fact that the same number of dollars is in your savings account. This is just a way the government can tax you without taxing you. They buy stuff and you now have less money (i.e., your retirement is worth less) and you don't even know you just got taxed. Makes me sick that we let our ""leaders"" get away with this."
Interest rates have been going down since 1980.  At some point it has to rebound, but as the old adage goes, the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.  The only thing we know with certainty about the 10 year interest rates is that it will most likely cap out at 0%.  Maybe....
You are making close to 200 K a year which is great. The aggressive payments on loans takes out around 30K which is good. The fact that you are not able to save is bad. Rather than pushing off your savings to later, scale down the lifestyle and push the upgrade to lifestyle for later
I said no and yelled at the sales rep cause they wouldnt take no for an answer. I recieved 2 bad reviews from San Franscisco and 2 from NY and I am in Miami.  Two of them mentioned menu items I did not serve for weeks cause the items were out of seasons.  F yelp!
Lets just get to the point...Ordinary income (gains) earned from S-Corp operations (i.e. income earned after all expenses for providing services or selling products) is passed through to the owners/shareholders and taxed at the owner's personal tax rate. Separately, if an S-Corp earns capital gains (i.e. the S-Corp buys and sells stock, earns dividends from investments, etc), those gains are passed through to the owners and taxed at a capital gains rate Capital gains are not the same as ordinary income (gains). Don't get the two confused, they are as different for S-Corp taxation as they are for personal taxation. In some cases an exception occurs, but only when the S-Corp was formally a C-Corp and the C-Corp had non-distributed earnings or losses. This is a separate issue whereas the undistributed C-Corp gains/losses are treated differently than the S-Corp gains/losses. It takes years of college coursework and work experience to grasp the vast arena of tax. It should not be so complex, but it is this complex. It is not within the scope of the non-tax professional to make sense of this stuff. The CPA exams, although very difficult and thorough, only scrape the surface of tax and accounting. I hope this provides some perspective on any questions regarding business tax for S-Corps and any other entity type. Hire a good CPA... if you can find one.
Can confirm. I work in one such office in India surrounded by IT support people, but doing investment research myself. I swear these guys are so horribly bad that I've fought with my boss to just let me get the updates etc done on my own. He hasn't agreed because he's very computer illiterate, but even he can see how crazy incompetent the IT here is.
Grow your small business with SAP Support services offered by The FirstCall Consulting. Our SAP consultants have 15+ years of experience that helps to resolve your critical SAP issues within the time frame and saves your efforts, time and money. Follow us on Weebly. Visit- http://www.thefirstcallconsulting.com/
Demand is also a rule of economics and always exists.  It is the advertising/marketing efforts that fulfills the assumption of economics of perfect information.  It is the entrepreneurs/ investors estimation of what the demand will be once consumers have perfect information of the product that creates companies, spurs investment, and creates jobs to carry out the plan.  All of this is based on the idea that the investment of time and money will generate a return.  To use a different product as an example; there is always demand for food, with consumer preference for say pizza.  I'm not creating jobs by sitting on my fat ass at home wanting someone else to make me a pizza, and drive it to my doorstep.  If there isn't a pizza place I can make myself a PBJ sandwich and no jobs are created.  It was the entrepreneur/ investors who hypothesized there was a hidden demand for fatasses like me wanting pizza that made the plan for building a pizza place and then investing money which was used to hire employees based on the assumption that the demand existed, and my fatass would spend money giving them a return on their investment.
78.84% of statistics are made up on the spot.
First, make sure you are contacting the bank directly - use an old invoice you have on hand with a phone number direct to the bank and call them.  Do not use the provided number, or you may wind up being pulled into a scam (It is entirely possible that the bank is also confused at this point - so you should not rely on the number provided at all). Second, once you can confirm that your account is being closed, find out when it is being closed so you know when you need to act on it - it's possible you still have access to your account, and do not need to launch into a panic just yet.   Third, get the bank to explain exactly why they are closing your account - make it clear that if they cannot explain, you will be forced to transfer to a new account and close business with them permanently - this is not a threat, this is a matter of fact because... Finally, if you cannot keep your account open, find a different bank and open up a new account.  Frankly, if your current bank is closing your account and only managed to get a letter out to you a month late, you should probably find a new bank.  If instead they simply cannot figure out if your bank account is closed or not, this is also a bad sign and you may want a new bank account anyway.   But please, go through these steps in order, because you need to verify with your bank what is going on.   Keep @Brick 's answer in mind as well, in case you need to get your money out of your account quickly.
"Well... (in the US, at least) ""making investments and building assets"" is how you save for retirement.  The investments just happen to be in the stock market, and the federal legislature has directed the US version of  Inland Revenue Services to give special tax breaks to investments which are not withdrawn until age 59 1/2. I don't know if there are such tax breaks in Pakistan, or what the stock market is like there, so I'm presuming that by saying, ""building lucrative assets"", your father is referring to buying real estate and/or becoming a trader. Anyway, it's a good thing that you are looking so far ahead in life instead of only thinking of fast cars and pretty girls."
Just so you know, the SEC doesn't have criminal authority, they do civil fines.  It's the Department of Justice that sends white collar criminals to jail.  If you'd like to see what they've been up to, [here's a little info from the FBI](http://www.fbi.gov/stats-services/publications/financial-crimes-report-2010-2011)  Also, I could be wrong but I think the government mass settled the claims coming from the financial collapse.     *edit: you don't get to keep the money you made from your illegal activity.  That would just be stupid.  The fines are on top of giving the money back*  *edit 2: remember [these girls?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihLBCbNIDbI&amp;feature=share).  They didn't get to keep the money they stole.  It's no different in white collar crime.*
"Assuming U.S. law, there are ""safe harbor"" provisions for exactly this kind of situation. There are several possibilities, but the most likely one is that if your withholding and estimated tax payments for 2016 totaled at least as much as your tax bill for 2015 there's no penalty. For the full rules, see IRS Publication 17."
The short answer to your initial question is: yes. The option doesn't expire until the close of the market on the day of expiration. Because the option is expiring so soon, the time value of the option is quite small.  That is why the option, once it is 'in-the-money', will track so closely to the underlying stock price. If someone buys an in-the-money option on the day of expiration, they are likely still expecting the price to go up before they sell it or exercise it. Many brokers will exercise your in-the-money options sometime after 3pm on the day of expiration.  If this is not what you desire, you should communicate that with them prior to that day.
About two years ago I went to BB giving them the benefit of the doubt.  They refused to price match another local retailer on the grounds they weren't local and BB gets to decide what constitutes local.  It will take a miracle to get me back in their store.  Incidentally the other retailer has big prominent signs outside, inside and on its ads saying it will price match including online retailers.
817/150,000 = .54% Fees are based on balances not deposits, usually. Putting a front loaded fund as an option in a 401(k) should be criminal, not sure it is though.  Ask your HR dept to provide you fee details. If the .54% is correct, it's not bad.  I hope you have money from prior jobs as well, by the way.
Corporate trainer is an instructor, who works in a business environment and imparts the skills, ideas and ethics to groups of employees. Now-a-days corporate trainer plays an important role in corporate sector. Better corporate training can transform your life. For good corporate training, you need best corporate trainer, who can guide you in a perfect way, then take help of Mitesh Khatri – Corporate Trainer, Motivational Speaker &amp; Leadership Trainer. https://trainermiteshkhatri.wordpress.com/2017/06/30/corporate-trainer-3-super-easy-ways-to-select-the-best/
Tons of files to read, deadlines to meet, meetings to attend… apart from doing your actual work of contributing to the business. In the middle of everything lie a few smart choices which have the potential of making things a lot easier for you. Adopting a CRM like Wakeupsales is one such choice
"&gt;Canada has universities that are hugely benefitting. Students don’t want to go to a country where they think they will be unwelcome. Smart people from India and China look at Trump and they make the decision that serves their interests the best.  No data. Have you been to China? Do you speak Chinese?  ""I’d shut the fuck up about things I don’t understand"""
"My favorite Fed ""admission"" was from Alan Greenspan during his testimony in Congress about what caused the 2008 financial crisis. Senator Waxman basically asked Greenspan if he had fucked up. Greenspan's glib reply was;  ""I found a flaw in the model that I perceived is the critical functioning structure that defines how the world works, so to speak.""  In other words, his grand economic theory was fatally flawed. So to speak. Unbelievable.   [YouTube link - 4:45 ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5lZPWNFizQ)"
The opening price is derived from new information received. It reflects the current state of the market. Opening Price Deviation (from Investopedia): Investor expectation can be changed by corporate announcements or   other events that make the news. Corporations typically make   news-worthy announcements that may have an effect on the stock price   after the market closes. Large-scale natural disasters or man-made   disasters such as wars or terrorist attacks that take place in the   afterhours may have similar effects on stock prices. When this   happens, some investors may attempt to either buy or sell securities   during the afterhours. Not all orders are executed during after-hours trading. The lack of   liquidity and the resulting wide spreads make market orders   unattractive to traders in after-hours trading. This results in a   large amount of limit or stop orders being placed at a price that is   different from the prior day’s closing price. Consequently, when the   market opens the next day, a substantial disparity in supply and   demand causes the open to veer away from the prior day’s close in the   direction that corresponds to the effect of the announcement, news or   event.
I applied for a job a was literally perfectly qualified for. My educational background was exactly what it described, my work history was spot on, and my internship experience was DOING THAT JOB. I got an email two weeks later saying I wasn't qualified.   So now I just get jobs through connections. My own merits apparently don't mean anything.
"Typical for large companies.  My company isn't declaring bankruptcy but every year they ""run out"" of money for us to take legitimate business trips to support customers.  Meanwhile executives are constantly flying around so they can give speeches that say nothing to people who don't care.  Even if they just stopped spending so much when they traveled (international first class tickets are crazy expensive) we'd probably still have enough to go around."
I err on the side of saving all of mine for a while.  Just toss them in a box at least.  A years' worth is about the size of a shoebox. I started doing this because one year, about a week after I tossed my receipts for the year, I realized that I had a fair bit of allotment left on my flexible savings account to use up.  I could have used those to substantiate over-the-counter medicines I purchased. Even if you don't use them for tax purposes, you can use them for budget-tracking purposes.
Where are you operating your business and how is it structured? DBA, LLC? How do you plan on taxing the business?   You can purchase whatever hardware you want and resale at whatever price you want. You may be able to contact a vendor and open a dealer account. This means they'll will give you a price break if you purchase X amount of volume but this may require more upfront capital.   Warranty will probably be best to be done under your name. Most manufacture warranties require proof of purchase from an approved vendor. If you're buying and reselling at a higher cost then the original receipt will show your profits. Likewise, you can sale the hardware at cost and make all your money on labor. This would allow you to pass the warranty responsibility to the customer. Depending on the customer’s site you may have to mount your routers, repeaters and access points in hard to reach places.  The customer might prefer to call you and have you take care of it from there.   The way I would do it structure the installations by square footage and predicted users. The greater the square footage the more hardware you’ll need.   Offer a remote support plan at a reasonable rate. For 20/month you will provide tear 1 support which can include troubleshooting dead access points remotely, changing network names, and providing up to X amount of network reports. ( Ubiquiti offers network monitoring for free in their suite. You would just be interpreting this information) For issues that require you to come to site you can charge X amount of dollars per visit plus parts and labor. I would offer on the spot replacement for hardware under warranty for a very small fee and then you can ship off the defective hardware and have it replaced.   If you do purchase with amazon I know they offer extended plans on a lot of their electronics. It would be worth considering these plans and adding the cost to the hardware you’re reselling. Most of these plans simply write you a check for defective hardware after you ship them in.   I would highly suggest going with a business structure that protects your personal assets such as an LLC. I recommend this because you will be proving a service to other people and you may be blamed for damages. If you are found to be at fault they company takes the hit, not you.   edit: Also, you can take advantage of amazon's two day shipping. When a customer contracts you for a job simply ask for 50% deposit and a 4 day notice. When you receive the deposit place the order on amazon for the hardware. This will mean less money out of your pocket.
You are expected to file 1099 for each person you pay $600 a year. I.e.: not a one time payment, but the total over the course of the year. Since we don't know how much and what else you paid - we cannot answer this question. The real question you're asking is that if you're treating the enterprise as a hobby, whether you're supposed to file 1099s at all. The answer to that question is yes. You should talk to your tax adviser (a EA/CPA licensed in your state) about this, and whether it is the right thing for you to do treating this as a hobby at all.
Start with the list of mortgage companies approved to work in your area. There are 80 within 10 miles of my house, and more than 100 in my county. Pick ones you know because they are established businesses in your area, region, or even nationally.   A good place to start might be with your current lender. The risk you seem to be worried about is a scam or a trick. In the recent past the scams were ones where the home owner didn't understand teaser rates, and the risk of interest only and pick-your-payment loans. The simpler the bells and whistles, the less likely you are to be embarking on a risky transaction. It can't hurt to ask an organization like the BBB or neighbors, but realize that many people loved their exotic mortgage until the moment it blew up in their face. So for 5 years your neighbor would have raved about their new mortgage until they discovered how underwater they were.  Regarding how smoothy the transaction is accomplished, is hard to predict. There is great variation in the quality of the loan officers, so a great company can have rookie employees. Unless you can get a recommendation for a specific employee it is hard know if your loan officer is going to give great service.   When getting a mortgage for a purchase, the biggest risk is getting a mortgage that results in a payment you can't afford. This is less of a risk with a refinance because you already have a mortgage and monthly payment. But keep in mind some of the monthly savings is due to stretching out the payments for another 30 years. Know what you are trying to do with the refinance because the streamlined ones cant be used for cash out.
If you don't like the cartel extorting you, you should just leave.  So cartels are moral, right?  A: I shouldn't have to leave just because thugs say they run land. They don't own the land I'm on, private persons do. Those people should be the ones saying whether or not I can be there.  B: I actually can't leave for free. The US government dictates the terms under which I can leave. Currently, it would cost me some 12k to repudiate my citizenship. Oh, and the government can and does change those terms *at any time* without me having the ability to asset or dissent. How is it voluntary if it's entirely unilateral?
I think other US companies are starting to wonder where the cost savings are.   Moving to China is starting to look like a fad.  A couple of big companies went to save a buck and the rest jumped on the wagon to keep the stock holders happy.
To invest relatively small amounts in the real estate market, you could buy shares in a Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT), a type of mutual fund. Admittedly that's a very different proposition from trying to become a landlord; lower risk but lower return.
&gt; many of our policies set up public schools to fail. Is that your impression?  Maybe, I wonder if schools main function is not education, but babysitting. We are definitely succeeding at our function of babysitting. The two functions, babysitting and education are intertwined quite nicely, but it would be interesting to design an experiment where we test one and the other, and see parent's reactions.   What would be the consequences of this experiment?  Provide each student with a monitor so they can watch all their classes from their house, nothing else changes, students can still ask questions, like a conference call. This would keep the education, but take away the babysitting.
You're making a political argument out of a mathematical truism.  There is no difference between getting paid $100 more per month and having something that you routinely pay for become $100 per month cheaper for you.  In both cases you have $100 more surplus income.  There may be a slight difference in taxation and other finer details, but all things being equal it's the same thing.
"Assuming you can understand and emotionally handle the volatility, a good indeed fund would be wise. These are low fee funds which perform as well as our better than most managed investments and since they don't cost as much, they typically out perform most other investment vehicles. The S&P 500 is traded as SPDR. Another option is the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which trades as DIA. Average returns over the long term are 10-12%. If you expect to need the money in the short term (5-8 years), you have a non trivial chance of needing to pull the money out when the market is down, so if that's unacceptable to you, choose something with a guarantee. If you're terrified of losing money in the short term, don't think you can handle waiting for the market to go up, especially when every news caster is crying hysterically that the End of Economic Life on Earth is here, then consider a CD at your bank. CDs return much lower rates (around 2% right now) but do not go down in value ever. However, you need to lock your money into them for months to years at a time. Some people might tell you to buy a bond fund. That's horrible advice. Bond funds get lower returns AND have no guarantee that you won't lose money on them, unlike aactual bonds. As you're new to investing, I encourage you to read ""The Intelligent Investor"" by Benjamin Gramm."
Jacksonville Gold Club now has special packages for every party, regardless of the size or the type of celebration. Whether it’s a Jacksonville Bachelor Party, bachelorette party, birthday or business event, we have exactly what guys, girls, and couples are looking for.
"You will need to file  a US income tax return, and declare all income world-wide.  Whether this results in any tax owed depends on your particular circumstances, and the effect of any tax treaties between the US and India. There are additional requirements for the filing of information on the amounts in foreign accounts held by ""US tax persons"".  Depending on the nature of these accounts, the complexity of the forms, and the penalties for non-compliance can be quite high... Short version:  Consult a professional well-qualified in US/India tax matters..."
"You are not required to contribute to a TFSA or an RRSP. Nobody contributes to OAS, it's a program to provide benefits to old people for them to be ""secure"". The only fund you MAY contribute to is CPP. If you're being paid a salary by a Canadian employer they will deduct some money from your salary (and add more money of their own) as CPP contributions. Ignore the getting of CPP early or late, since that's just a 5 year shift not related to ""ok, I'm leaving the country, send me my pension."" Your issue is more ""can I collect when I no longer live there?"" Plenty of Canadians retire outside of Canada (the warmth of Florida lures many of us) and collect their CPP. There is even a page about the mechanics of getting your pension in another currency. That said, CPP is a very small pension. If you work for 40 years at more than $50,000 a year and wait till age 70 to collect you will still get less than $1000/month. Working for less time, less than that salary, or taking it before you're 70 will all reduce it substantially.  Probably more relevant to you, you can have your Canadian years counted as American ones thanks to a Social Security Agreement between the two countries."
Could they is not the question, it's should they.  There is no math or methodology that can definitively answer that question. The reason they keep so much cash is the company almost died due to lack of cash. They are institutionally scared of that happening again.
There is not a quantified set in stone amount of pain that must be endured for this situation to be resolved, and it is my belief that Germany stepping up and doing their part would help minimize the overall pain that must be endured, to say nothing of it being the right thing to do. Additionally, I do believe it will result in the greatest amount of economic growth overall.
Assuming you are looking at moving your earnings when your tax status in India was NRI; then there are no taxes to be paid when you transfer the money back to India. You can move the funds back to India over a period of 7 years from the day you land.
It would be difficult to answer without knowing specifics about a particular offer. In certain cases, it's definitely great and one could become a millionaire [Google for example]. In other cases one could lose money. In most cases one makes a decent return. As the specifics are not available, in general look out for: Most of these would determine if the plan is good for you to get into.
I don't know much about finance, but maybe you should research some stocks, find one that outperformed the market during a recession or downturn and analyze it.  My first guess would be to go onto finance.google click some stocks and look at the graph during a time period when there was a downturn, click the button that compares it against the s&amp;P or DOW and if the stock is higher then, yippee-ki-yay,  you found something to analyze.
Many businesses will request that you get a bank-issued check for large amounts of money. The exception is often in cases where you're not going anywhere: you can write a 50,000 check for a deposit on a new house, and you'll never have a problem, but a car dealer will probably request a counter check for the same sum.
If you carried a balance from the last month, then pay the card off as soon as possible. Otherwise I agree with @mbhunter that you should wait until close to time for the bill to become due. Then always pay the credit card off in full and you will borrowing Chase's money interest free for up to 30 days.
Whenever you want to spend the weekend with your family, then you can come here to make the special evening in West Palm Beach Escape Rooms. It is a full secure place for the girl, we have good corporate team building escape rooms WPB. We are working together and using your time wisely will you find the clues. We serve you better service all of those escape room, our services are less than expected. The escape rooms are amazing design for those people who want to spend the time with fun and get participate in our activities.
Find a physical activity or programme that interests you.  Memberships only have real value if you use them.  Consider learning a martial art like karate, aikido, kung fu, tai kwan do, judo, tai chi chuan. :-)   Even yoga is a good form of exercise. Many of these are offered at local community centres if you just want to try it out without worrying about the cost initially.  Use this to gauge your interest before considering more advanced clubs.  One advantage later on if you stay with it long enough - some places will compensate you for being a junior or even associate instructor. Regardless of whether this is your interest or if the gym membership is more to your liking real value is achieved if you have a good routine and interest in your physical fitness activity.  It also helps to have a workout buddy or partner.  They will help motivate you to try even when you don't feel like working out.
I've had some time to investigate this and so I will answer my own question, as it may be of help to others. One of the first things to do is examine all bank statements, as this may reveal in-goings and out-goings from a previously unknown source. Secondly, get any mail redirected. Unfortunately, mail redirection is far from perfect in the UK but at least it increases one's chances of uncovering an unknown asset. Lastly, there is Landmark FAS who will do a search for a fee of around £175.
I would apply extra cash left over at the end of the month as follows, in order of priority: Realize, though, that this is my take on priority. My experience has been that a liquidity crisis is much more stressful than having a mortgage or other debt -- illiquid wealth is almost useless when you need cash. So if you still have strong feelings about retiring that debt after considering the liquidity issue, go ahead and swap #3 and #4 above. Make plans to pay off the mortgage over the next 10 years. Find a mortgage payoff calculator and make extra monthly payments that keep you on a 10 year schedule. I'd strongly suggest making sure your retirement savings are on track, though. Time is on your side here, and your required monthly contribution will be low now while you're still in your 20s.
I see one clear thing to help: She lives alone.  Why does she need a two bedroom place?
In the world, chocolate is the most popular tested product. The popular product manufactured by roasting, fermenting, and processing the beans of a cacao tree in combination with sugar is a pretty amazing food. To all integrate needs to the Chocolate melting tank. So if you want to melt tank, then you can contact us. We will provide you with the best quality tank at an affordable price.
"I call BS. Glass-Steagall was an important firewall preventing investment in securities that commercial banks have no business being in, even with 100% reserve. When required returns continuously increase due to shareholder expectations, it is only a matter of time before riskier and riskier positions are taken to meet these expectations. This is a risk that depositors (FDIC in reality) never knowingly signed up for. At some point it only takes one really bad derivatives trade to bring it all down.   In the long run, decent interest rate spreads should be enough to keep commercial bankers happy. At the very least, some limitation on certain types of heavily levered trading should be established.  I don't buy the idea that if you remove ""one extremely risky way to make money people will just find another."" That is true to an extent, but at least those people won't be doing it on Average Joe's dime."
Price range compared to the Model 3?  Here in Germany we always get the same yada yada about batteries not sufficient, grid not evolved enough, Tesla going down soon.  But Benz is actually preparing, also gigafactorywise. You are right.  The bigger question is when they will realize that they can't maintain just selling cars to the end user. Owning a car at some point will be a thing of the past. You will pay a monthly fee and always have a car in front of your house when you need it.
It depends, generally for consumer goods it is advisable to pay money in one go and avoid paying installments as there are charges for it.
We are about to have a 1.4 million headcount shortfall in software development by 2020, many of those jobs earn over twice the average household income.  So while you may claim software wealth peaked in the 90s, that's false. The problem is it takes decades for companies to churn out tons of millionaires, there really are no overnight successes and most people in the industry are mediocre. So for an accurate comparison you need to look at facebook, twitter and other social sites from the 00's and uber, airbnb and slack 10 years from now. The gaps are the result of the crashes in 01 and 08.  Also most people struggle with basic computer operation without a GUI, programming is not for everyone.
The only way someone can take money out of your account using just your sort code and account number is if you set up a direct debit to pay them (or someone pretending to be you sets up the direct debit). Even with Paperless DD's this can take some time. Anyone who can process debit card transactions can take money from your account if they have your debit card number, expiry date and cvv number. Direct debits do not have an expiry date so they are normally used for paying automatic regular long term bills (like rent, rates, electricity etc). Note, anyone with an ordinary bank account can pay money into account,  using your sort code and account number.
Collection agencies will eventually find you if you work for an employer that uses the credit bureaus for pre-employment screening, or you sign up for utilities or services that check your credit, or you enter into public record any other way (getting arrested, buying land, etc.). Such inquiries will put you on the grid where the collection agencies can find you and/or sue you. Two years out is about the point where they're looking for blood. The next time your friend applies for an apartment, utilities or cell phone service, she's going to get some calls.
Spent a few years in Taiwan working remotely to the US.  I didn't speak the language so everything was background noise and I have never been so productive. Well, until someone is eating and chewing with their mouth open.  Chalkboard and nails shit right there.
No surprises here. Maybe the author has forgotten that we're still in a depression with high unemployment and 99% of the population has less money.  Families have a limited entertainment budget and more product categories vying for their money. This isn't rocket science.
You set it based on liquidity management. Cash drag is one of the reasons actively managed funds underperform. The longer your settlement date, the less cash you have to hold because you can take three days to liquidate positions to redeem. So it's a convenience vs performance question.
You can be sued if some random stranger that you never had any interaction with gets in an accident. There is really no barrier to people suing you if they get it in their head that they want to. Winning that lawsuit is another matter entirely.  Whether you would be held liable and lose the lawsuit depends on whether someone can convince a court that you are partially responsible for a financial loss. Not sure how anyone could possibly successfully argue that in this situation.
"What you have is usually called a pre-paid credit card.  You pay some money (Indian Rupees) to the credit card company, and then you can use the card to pay for purchases etc in foreign (non-Indian) currencies upto the remaining balance on the card. If a proposed charge exceeds the remaining balance, the transaction will be declined when you try to use the card.  There might be multiple ways that the card is set up, e.g. it might be restricted to charge purchases denominated in US dollars alone, or you might be able to use it anywhere in the world (except India).  The balance on the card might be denominated in INR, or in US$, say. In the latter case, the exchange rate at which your INR payment was converted into the $US balance is fixed and agreed to at the time of the original payment: you paid INR 70K (say) and the balance was set to US$ 1000 even though the exchange rate on the open market would have given you a few more US dollars. In the former case with the balance denominated in INR, a charge of US$ 100, say, would be converted to INR at a fixed agreed-upon rate, or at the current exchange rate that the Visa or MasterCard network is using, plus (typically) a 3% fee currency exchange fee, and your balance in INR will decrease accordingly. With all that as prologue, if you made a purchase from Walmart USA and later returned it for a credit, it should increase your credit card balance  appropriately. You may be whacked with currency conversion fees along the way depending on how your card is set up, but with a US$-denominated card, a credit of US$100 should increase your card balance by US$100. So, that $US 100 can be spent on something else instead.  In short, the card is   your ""bank"" account. You cannot spend more than the remaining balance on the card just like you cannot withdraw more money from your bank account than you have in the account, and you can recharge your card by making more INR payments into it so as to increase the available balance. But it is like a current account in that you are unlikely to earn interest on the balance the way you do with a savings account. So what if you are back in India and have no further use of this card? Can you get your balance back as cash or deposit into your regular bank account? Call the Customer Help line, or read the card agreement you signed."
Corporations exist to generate profit and reduce risk for investors.  This is a socially good and useful function that benefits us all.  A corporation that didn't seek to lower its tax bill to the lowest legally allowed would be breaking the law.  Rather than show up unannounced at random times and ransacking/pillaging whatever they could grab ahold of, governments have discovered (through trail and error) that having clear consistent rules about how much they demand nets them more revenue.  Thus tax law and why it is important.  Over time governments have used tax law for social engineering purposes, and as a mechanism for attempting to control their local economy. Because of this tax law has tended towards higher and higher complexity.  Throw territorial rivalry into the mix and tax law can be also used as a sort of economic weapon.  All of this yields a monstrously complex tax code, which mandates that businesses pay more and more attention to following it's arcane rules if they want to remain in business.  'Gaming the system' isn't morally wrong, it is what governments expect businesses to do, otherwise they wouldn't spend so much time setting up such complex rules for business to follow.  I suspect that there will be public outcry for more rules, making the tax system even more complex, because evil businesses are attempting to follow the rules.  In a sane world governments would step back, refrain from social and economic manipulation (which they have shown themselves to be incompetent at anyway) and create as simple a tax code as possible. So that the tax code is no longer where businesses seek to gain advantage, but rather focus their time and energy into creating better products/services (every dollar spent on tax-lawyers/accountants is a dollar not spent on making the business better).  Creating more rules to punish people for following the rules is insanity.
&gt;When banks, insurers, and other entities large enough to have a Chief Risk Officer enter into these contracts, the assumption is that they know what they're doing  HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH  By that logic, record companies know what they're doing with respect to music and Michael Bay knows what he's doing with respect to filmmaking.
&gt; Then the author suggests discriminating against people from elite schools and never hiring them.  No, he suggests hiring based on class rank. Avoiding hiring from elite schools is a predictable outcome based on what salaries those candidates tend to demand from the market, it's not that those students are bad it's that they're probably a less cost-effective option than students from less-elite schools.
It is very necessary to get the fitting done properly because if not, the noise reduction is going to be a good as negligible. Replacing your single glazed window with the double one is going to make a massive difference. And when you are choosing the window, it is necessary to take care of the thickness of the glass and also the distance of the panes.
Here's how I think about money. There are only 3 categories / contexts (buckets) that my earned money falls into. Savings is my emergency fund. I keep 6 months of total expenses (expenses are anything in the consumption bucket). You can be as detailed as you want with this area but I tend to leave a fudge factor. In other words, if I estimate that I spend approximately $3,000 a month in consumption dollars then I'll save $3,500 times 6 in the bank. This money needs to be liquid. Some people use a HELOC, other people use their ROTH contributions. In any case, you need to put this money some place you can get access to it in case you go from accumulation (income exceed expenses) to decumulation mode (expenses exceed income). This money is distinct from consumption which I will cover in paragraph three. Investments are stocks, bonds, income producing real estate, small businesses, etc. These dollars require a strategy. The strategy can include some form of asset allocation but more importantly a timeline. These are the dollars that are working for you. Each dollar placed here will multiply over time. Once you put a dollar here it shouldn't be taken out unless there is some sort of catastrophe that your savings can't handle or your timeline has been achieved. Notice that rental real estate is included so liquidating stocks to purchase rental real estate is NOT considered removing investment dollars. Just reallocating based on your asset allocation. This bucket includes 401k's, IRAs, all tax-sheltered accounts, non-sheltered brokerage accounts, and rental real estate. In general your primary residence is not included in this bucket. Some people include the equity of their primary residence in the investment column but it can complicate the equation and I prefer to leave it out. The consumption bucket is the most important bucket and the one you spend the most time with. It requires a budget. This includes your $5 magazine and your $200 bottle of wine. Anything in this bucket is gone. You can recover a portion of it by selling it on ebay for $3 (these are earned dollars) but the original $5 is still considered spent. The reason your thought process in this area is distinct from the other two, the decisions made in this area will have the biggest impact on your personal finances. Warren Buffett was famous for skimping on haircuts because they are worth thousands of dollars down the road if they are invested instead. Remember this is a zero-sum game so every $1 not consumed is placed in one of the other buckets. Once your savings bucket is full every dollar not consumed is sent to investments. Remember to include everything that does not fit in the other two buckets. Most people forget their car insurance, life insurance, tax bill at the end of the year, accountant bill, etc. In conclusion, there are three buckets. Savings, which serve as your emergency bucket. This money should not be touched unless you switch from accumulation to decumulation. Investments, which are your dollars that are working for you over time. They require a strategy and a timeline. Consumption, which are your monthly expenses. These dollars keep you alive and contribute to your enjoyment. This is a short explanation of my use of money. It can get as complicated and detailed as you want it to be but as long as you tag your dollars correctly you'll be okay IMHO. HTH.
"Actually, this is a pretty good analogy to certain types of stocks, specifically tech and other ""fad"" stocks. Around the turn of the century, there were a lot of ""Bobs"" buying tech stocks (like they would baseball cards), for tech stocks' sakes. That's what drove the internet and tech stock bubbles of high valuations. At other times, the tech stocks are bought and sold mainly by ""Steve's"" for business reasons such as likely (not merely possible) future appreciation, and command a much lower valuation."
I have a friend that bought volatility calls the day before brexit and made 1900% return in 1 night.  I wouldn't put that investment next to someone that's buying and holding SPY and say my vix friend is thousands of times better at investing.
"I have a couple other important considerations regarding external HSA accounts vs employer sponsored HSA accounts. Depending on your personal financial situation and goals; some people like to use HSA accounts as an extra retirement account (since the money can be withdrawn penalty free in retirement for non-medical expenses, and completely tax & penalty free at any time for medical expenses). If your intended use for the HSA account is an investment vehicle for retirement, then you may find more use/benefit out of an external provider that may provide more or better investment options than your employers HSA investment options. There can be a lot of additional value in those extra investment options over greater periods of time. Another VERY important consideration for FICA taxes (FICA includes Social Security & Medicare) that I don't believe was mentioned before - for those earners who are under the maximum social security wage limit, you are paying 6.2% of each paycheck into social security taxes. As others have mentioned you can ""save"" this tax through your employer’s plan if you set up the account to be funded pre-tax from your paychecks. However, in doing so, you are lowering your overall contributions into social security, which may lower your social security benefits in your retirement years!  If this is ultimately going to lower your SSA benefits in retirement then that is a big future cost that may steer you against the pre-tax employer contributions. Think of social security as part of your retirement plan, not as a tax but instead as an additional check you put away for yourself for retirement every month. Of course, this is only an important consideration if SSA is still going to be around when you retire, but let's assume that it will be. This is not an issue for higher earners, earning well above the max SSA taxable wages. There is no wage limit on the 1.45% Medicare tax withholding's, and there is certainly no harm in saving Medicare taxes because it will not affect future Medicare benefits. So for taxpayers earning well over the max SSA wages, they will just save the 1.45% Medicare taxes without affecting their SSA contributions and resulting retirement benefits.  So again, it all comes down to personal situations. Depending on your earnings and goals, employer plan may or may not be the way to go.  Personally, for my lower earning clients, friends and family, I tend to recommend that they do whatever they can to maximize their social security benefits in retirement. So I would advise them to either use the external provider account, or the employer plan but with post-tax contributions so you don't lower the SSA withholding's but can still claim the income tax deduction on your tax return. YMMV -Dan"
Skills are not going to cut it.  Environment matters. Social network matters. Government matters.  So an entrepreneur at aged 7 who wants to stack the decks of becoming a billionaire should start preparing for Harvard. At teens, he (yes HE) should be friends with similar guys (yes GUYS) who's dads are multimillionaires or well connected in politics.  Obviously, that assumes the person is already American. (Being in Canada or Switzerland is already going to prevent one from being a Billionaire) If he's not even in America, he's already behind. Non-US billionaires become that way heavily because of being in bed with the government. Figuratively speaking or literally.
"It's not a ""withholding tax"" it's a ""withholding tax amount"". That is, they are not taxing you but they are holding back some of your withdrawal and sending it to the government to cover any taxes you will need to pay on the withdrawal. Same as your employer withholds some of your salary and sends it to the government for you. You won't claim it as a deduction, but it will go at the end along with tax withheld from your salary or anything else. So if you owe $10,000 of tax but various entities have already sent the government $11,000 on your behalf, you will get a $1,000 refund."
You don't have to go through an exchange. That wasn't the problem. It was that the people trading on them wouldn't be willing to take your offer. An exchange can't just list a company. They need that company's consent and the company need's the exchange's consent. I don't know if you're aware of this but that was also an entirely new disaster during Facebook's IPO. Computer glitches didn't help. What you're talking about is a called a secondary market, kind of. Stock exchanges offer those too, especially for options.   That's the typical stock footage you see of guys on wall street yelling and screaming while throwing paper up in the air.
"Short answer: ""Thanks for the heads-up, Luddites; I'll be taking my business somewhere *not* threatened by the realities of the modern world.  Can I send you a complimentary buggy-whip as thanks for my time with your company?""  / Huh, I wouldn't have expected PNC to have so many Reddit shills.  In that case, I prefer [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/75tm44/just_got_a_call_from_my_bank_demanding_i_tell/do98uke) from the original thread: ""why are you buying bitcoin?"", ""bitcoin doesn't call me with annoying questions when I spend it"".  Can you see the future *now*, boys?"
I assume I can/will need to file an 83(b) election, in order to avoid   tax repercussions? What exactly will this save me from? 83(b) election is for restricted stock grants, not for stock purchases. For restricted stocks, you generally pay income tax when they vest. For startups the price difference between the time of the grant and the time of the vesting can be astronomical and by choosing 83(b) you effectively pay income tax on the value of the grant instead of the value of the vest. Then, you only pay capital gains tax on the difference between the sale price and the grant value when you sell. In your case you're exercising an option, i.e.: you're buying a stock, so 83(b) is irrelevant. What you will pay though is the tax on the difference between the strike price and the stock FMV (unless the stocks you end up buying are restricted - which would have been the case if you exercised your options early, but I don't think is going to be the case now). What steps should I take to (in the eyes of the law) guarantee that   the board has received my execution notice? The secretary of the board   is a notorious procrastinator and can be very unorganized. You should read what the grant contract/company policy says on that. Ask the HR/manager. Usually, a certified letter with return receipt should be enough, but you should verify the format, the address, and the timeframe.
One thing that has not been pointed out as a disadvantage of using Credit Cards:  people tend to spend more.  You can see This Study, and this one, plus about 500 others.  On average people tend to spend about 17% more with credit cards then with cash.  This amount dwarphs any perks one gets by having a credit card.   The safest way to use one is to only use them for purchases where you cannot make a decision to spend more.  One example would be for utility bills (that don't charge a fee) or at the gas pump. Using them at Amazon might have you upgrade your purchase or add some extra items.  Using them at restaurants might encourage you to order an extra drink or two.  Using them at the coffee shop might have you super size your coffee or add a pastry.   Of course this extra spending could lead you into a debt cycle exacerbating the financial hit many struggle with.  Please tread carefully if you decide to use them.
If you want to have uninterrupted internet access then buy a Linksys Smart Wifi router. The setup of the router is easy via its web interface as well as through the WPS setup. If you need help for the set up, feel free to contact us.
Plus size fashion includes tops, tunics and bottom wear that are specially designed to flatter full-figured women. Wearing stylish shrugs and jackets is one way to look slender and tall. Another way is to order bespoke clothing that will ensure the perfect fit.
Zero Hedge didn't write the original post. It was published by, wait for it- The Economic Collapse Blog http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/nafta-is-20-years-old-here-are-20-facts-that-show-how-it-is-destroying-the-economy  When they are syndicating crap from a website like that I just have to tune them out.
You have to file an application with PF Office. Normally your existing Organisation [which you just quit] helps you with the formalities. If not you would have to complete the same and submit it to the EPFO.
"I think the math is wrong. Note that in Scenario #1, you are only out of pocket $1000, while in Scenario #2, you are out of pocket $1250;  the contribution and the tax you paid with respect to it. A better concept than tax rate is ""Retention Rate"".  This is the fraction of your money that the Feds let you keep.  And Growth Factor is the how much the investment grows. So In Scenario #1, you multiply $1000 by the investment Growth Factor and then by the retirement Retention Rate. And in Scenario #2, you multiply the same $1000 by the current Retention Rate and then by the Growth Factor. Since in your approximation, the two GFs are the same, there is no saving..."
In addition to the advice already given (particularly getting rid of high-interest debt), I would add the following:
Housing plus transportation should be about 40%, according to your given rule of thumb, and that's where yours are, so I think you're okay. Guidelines are not rules, and must be related to one's individual circumstances. That said, double-check that your transportation expenses are really zero.
You're missing the point. The US is double dipping as the jurisdiction where the money was earn and taxed too the first dip. It is direct interference in another country's economy and an attack on their sovereignty. Frankly, it smack of typical American conservatism: taking the view that the rest of the world is just an American colony. It's fundamentally undemocratic.
"I am/was responding to your point that beef prices ""should be hitting everyone else harder"".  Your initial argument was that vertical integration made them better able to beat the competition due to lower beef cost.  Clearly not all competition is vertically integrated, so the initial premise warrants exploration.  My comments explore my concerns with your premise, despite the fact I am not an expert on beef or Mcdonalds.  Your initial premise also misses the point that not all of McD's competition is selling beef. This sort of implies that McDonalds can completely keep costs the same as substitutes just because they are vertically integrated.  But I will ignore that for now too.  Now you have abandoned your initial premise and are now arguing that derivatives, combined with vertical integration are the cause for the competitive advantage. I am not going to even begin to argue with this because I don't know about McDonalds hedging strategies compared to their competition. I do know that the derivatives are a) available to the competition and b) would be necessary for McDonalds to even begin controlling ""beef cost"".  So, my main point stands, the vertical integration does not significantly help McDonalds control beef costs compared to a pure derivative strategy (regardless of if competition actually uses derivatives)."
Actually, economists (including Krugman, that posterboy of reddit) [said as much when Bush did those pre-recession](http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/08/27/a-note-on-the-bush-fiscal-legacy/) (I know he posted about it earlier but can't find it now).  EDIT: [Boom](http://www.nytimes.com/2003/03/11/opinion/11KRUG.html)  The general guidance is get revenue during a boom so that you have fiscal levers in times of a recession. Bush basically set up the economy pre-recession so that those levers were taken away, between the tax cuts and the wars.
Sorry to necro this thread but you were totally right - I found this study that confirms buying puts loses money at a faster rate than is predicted by CAPM. Conversely, writing puts earns superior risk-adjusted returns compared to the market portfolio. The study is about writing straddles but it's a similar concept. I'm just posting here in case someone searches this thread in 6 months https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/handle/2027.42/74142/0022-1082.00352.pdf?sequence=1
I don't believe there exists a tax-advantage for paying employees a bonus instead of increased salary. It's all expense to the employer, it's all income to you, and it's taxed the same (bonus checks might have more withheld, but your end of year tax burden doesn't change). It does benefit your employer to delay a significant portion of your pay until the end of the year, delaying payment provides buffer in case of delays in getting paid by the client. Your employer could even put the extra money to work earning more money over the year.  It would depend on your contract, but are you due your bonus if you were to leave your job before year-end? If not, that's a great reason to delay payment, because it makes you less likely to leave mid-year, and should you not work out they can keep the difference.

Some other answers mention the ability to sell at grant. This is very important. If you have that ability, think about your guaranteed return. In my case, I get a 15% discount on the lowest 6 month window price from the last two years.  If you do the math, the worst case return can be calculated: 1) Money that from the beginning of the window, I make 15% for 6 months (30% annual return guaranteed) 2) Money at the end of the window (say the last month) is 15% for one month (180% annual return guaranteed) In the end, your average holding window for your money is about 3 months (you can calculate it exactly). At that rate, you have a guaranteed 60% annual return. You can't beat that anywhere, with a significant upside if your company stock is increasing. So, if your company has an instant sell at grant option, you have to be brain dead not to do it. If it takes time to get your shares, then you need to look at the volatility of the stock to see how big the chance of losing money is. To generalize to a formula (if that's what you want): WM = purchase window (in months); D = Discount Percentage; GR = Guaranteed Return GR = 12/(WM/2) * D = 6*D/WM One last thing, If you are going to participate in ESPP, make you that you understand how to do your taxes yourself. I haven't found a tax person yet who does ESPP correctly (including an ex IRS agent), so I always have to do my taxes myself to make sure they get done correctly.
You want to have 2-4 credit cards, with a credit utilization ratio below 30%.  If you only have 2 cards, closing 1 would reduce your credit diversity and thus lower your credit score.  You also want at least 2 years credit history, so closing an older credit card may shorten your credit history, again lowering your credit score.  You want to keep around at least 1-2 older cards, even if they are not the best. You have 4 cards: But having 2-4 cards (you have 4) means you can add a 5th, and then cancel one down to 4, or cancel one down to 3 and then add a 4th, for little net effect.  Still, there will be effect, as you have decreased the age of your credit, and you have opened new credit (always a ding to your score). Do you have installment loans (cars), you mention a new mortgage, so you need to wait about 3 months after the most recent credit activity to let the effects of that change settle. You want both spouses to have separate credit cards, and that will increase the total available to 4-8.  That would allow you to increase the number of benefits available.
Removing limescale is most adequately done by utilizing vinegar. There is basically no better fluid that is better to clean family unit things, for example, pot, taps, baths and showers. the limescale remover Compound items sold in the general store may guarantee to leave everything at home shining clean. In any case, anyone who has taken a stab at cleaning the glass in the shower of the taps in the shower will realize that they can invest a long energy scouring without evacuating the limescale.
As a permanent resident in the U.S. but not a citizen, I was told by a representative at Scottrade that I am not allowed to open a brokerage account.
Since October 26th the marketers of the Savoury-cluster (Unox, Knorr, Bertolli, Conimex and Cup-a-Soup) are interacting on Facebook with hundred consumers for three months. Unilever’s marketers talk about consumer eating habits, cooking- and buying behavior. They also research what consumers think of their products, brands and advertising.
"I would start with The Intelligent Investor.  It's more approachable than Security Analysis.  I read the revised edition which includes post-chapter commentary and footnotes from Jason Zweig. I found the added perspective helpful since the original book is quite old. Warren Buffet has called Intelligent Investor ""the best book about investing ever written.""  (Source)  I would suggest that endorsement ranks it before the other.  :) Security Analysis is more detailed and, perhaps, oriented at a more professional audience – though individual investors would certainly benefit from reading it.  Security Analysis is used as a textbook on value investing in some university-level business & finance courses. (p.s. If you haven't yet heard about William Bernstein's The Intelligent Asset Allocator, I also recommend adding it to your reading list.)"
Yes, you will need to create an actual account. However, when all is done and you are about to log in, there will be an option on whether you want to log in as a live trader or a paper trader. Select the paper trading option and log in and get rich off fake money.
Considering it's all to risky for me, outside of a blind 401k, just having money to try it with is a bigger risk than I'm willing to take.  I see this complaint a lot and my response is about the same every time, if you know of something better, please share, so next time we can make it more realistic.
"&gt; but the other countries are just decline stage.  I think you have a typo. Could you please explain what you mean?  If I understand correctly, you are saying that the US produces ""value"" and other countries do not. As the US has tended to run a high deficit since the Reagan era (i.e. it increases its debt every year) this seems a contentious statement."
Your mortgage represents a negative cash flow of $X for N months. The typical mortgage prepayment doesn't reduce your next payment, but does reduce the length of the mortgage. If you look at the amortization table of a 30 year loan, you might see a payment of $1000 but only $50 going to principal. So if on day one you send an extra $51 or so to the bank, you find that in 30 years you just saved that $1000 payment. In effect, it was a long term bond or CD, yielding the post tax rate of the mortgage. Say your loan were 7%. At 7%, money doubles every 10 years or so. 30 years is 3 doubles or 8X. If I were to offer you $1000 and ask for $7500 in 30 years, you might accept it, with an agreement to buy me out if you refinanced. For me, that would be an investment. Just like buying a bond. In fact, there is a real return, as you see the cash flow at the end. The payments 'not made' are your payback.  Those who insist it's not an investment are correct in the strict sense of the word's definition, but pedantic for the fact in practice, the prepayment is a choice to be considered alongside other investment choices. When I have a mortgage, I am the mortgagor, the bank, the mortgagee. Same as a company issuing a bond, the Bank holds my bond and I'm making payments to them. They hold my bond as an investment. There is no question of that. In fact, they package these and sell them as CMOs, groups of mortgages. A pre-payment is me buying back the last coupon on my mortgage. I fail to see the distinction between me 'buying back' $10K in future coupons on my own loan or me investing $10K in someone else's loans.  The real question for me is whether this makes sense when rates are so low. At 4%, I'd say it's a matter of prioritizing any high rate debt and any other investments that might yield more. But even so, it's an investment yielding 4%.  Over the years, I've developed the priorities of where to put new money - The priorities are debatable. I have my opinion, and my reasons to back them up. In general, it's a balance between risk and return. In my opinion, there's something wrong with ignoring a dollar for dollar match on the 401(k) in most circumstances. Others seem to prefer being 100% debt free before saving at all. There's a balance that might be different for each individual. As I started, the mortgage is a fixed return, with no chance to just get it back if needed. If your cash savings is pretty high, and the choice is a .001% CD or prepay a 4% mortgage, I'd use some funds to pay it down. But not to the point you have no liquid reserves.
"China's chief central banker warned markets are fully valued and therefore susceptible to a drastic price correction -  triggered by a wide-spread, simultaneous reversal of opinion in the markets. Basically the point when the ""Greater Fool"" phenomenon ends and and selling pressure spikes as everyone starts getting out because they think everyone is. Simplified af but thats the laymen interpration of a minsky moment."
Check out the bulk stores like BJs, Sam's Club or whatever else is available to you.  You can definitely save money shopping there but you also need to keep your wits about you as well.  Example, if you're buying in bulk only to let food go to waste, obviously that's not good either...
Free market wages on top of living wage?  UBI doesn't dictate that all forms of payment be stopped, just that the govt provides costs of living in the form of either a weekly check, or as your tax refund with a basic of CoL deducted on top of your work related purchases.  The free market can expand all it wants on top of that, it's just that now everyone has a fallback when the free market contracts as it inevitably will because infinite growth only works if you have infinite resources to fuel infinite growth.
The real test of AAA's analysis is whether other insurers follow suite. Setting insurance rates is a balancing act between being high enough to make money given the expected payouts, and being low enough to not get undercut by competitors. If other insurers follow AAA's lead, then their analysis is probably right. If other insurers stay low than AAA probably made a mistake. When you price insurance on a given car it's not uncommon to have an outlier that overpriced that car.
I wrote a detailed article on Tax Loss Harvesting to show the impact on returns.  For my example, I showed a person in the 15% bracket. In years with no loss, they trade to capture gains at 0% long term rate, thus bumping their basis up. In years with losses, they tax harvest for a 15% effective 'rebate' on that loss.  I showed how for the lost decade 2000-2009, a buy and hold would have returned -1% CAGR, but the tax loss harvester would have gained 1% (just 1% for the decade, not CAGR), ending the decade with no loss.  As one's portfolio grows, the math changes. You can only take $3000 capital loss against ordinary income, and my example relies on the difference between taking a gain for free but using a loss to offset income. Note, the higher earner would take gains at 15%, but losses at 25%, but only for the relatively small portfolio. The benefit for them is to use loss harvesting to offset gains, less so for ordinary income.  As the other answer state, Wealthfront can aid you to do this with no math on your part.
I think the simple answer to your question is: Yes, when you sell, that drives down the price. But it's not like you sell, and THEN the price goes down. The price goes down when you sell. You get the lower price.  Others have discussed the mechanics of this, but I think the relevant point for your question is that when you offer shares for sale, buyers now have more choices of where to buy from. If without you, there were 10 people willing to sell for $100 and 10 people willing to buy for $100, then there will be 10 sales at $100. But if you now offer to sell, there are 11 people selling for $100 and 10 people buying for $100. The buyers have a choice, and for a seller to get them to pick him, he has to drop his price a little. In real life, the market is stable when one of those sellers drops his price enough that an 11th buyer decides that he now wants to buy at the lower price, or until one of the other 10 buyers decides that the price has gone too low and he's no longer interested in selling. If the next day you bought the stock back, you are now returning the market to where it was before you sold. Assuming that everything else in the market was unchanged, you would have to pay the same price to buy the stock back that you got when you sold it. Your net profit would be zero. Actually you'd have a loss because you'd have to pay the broker's commission on both transactions. Of course in real life the chances that everything else in the market is unchanged are very small. So if you're a typical small-fry kind of person like me, someone who might be buying and selling a few hundred or a few thousand dollars worth of a company that is worth hundreds of millions, other factors in the market will totally swamp the effect of your little transaction. So when you went to buy back the next day, you might find that the price had gone down, you can buy your shares back for less than you sold them, and pocket the difference. Or the price might have gone up and you take a loss.
"As someone who's done quit a bit of home improvement and seen positive ROI, I can speak from some personal experience.  All of this assumes you do the unskilled labor yourself and shop around for relatively cheap plumbers, electricians, etc. First, never underestimate the resale value added by a can of paint.  This assumes you have, or know someone with a good sense of style that can help improve the aesthetics of the home significantly.  White walls can be so boring to homebuyers and so many of them can't see through the 1/16 of an inch of white paint. Second, look for shortcomings in the house as-is. Anyway, these are some common upgrades.  The big thing is to find something you are reasonably comfortable doing yourself and that you will enjoy.  Realize that if you're new to this most projects will cost twice what you budget and take four times as long!  The pride of having done it yourself and put in the sweat equity makes it worth it though (usually). Edit To better answer your modified question, I'm adding to my answer.  So if I understand it, your question is now ""At what rate is it sane to invest in our house vs. outside investments"".  This is really just a matter of balancing risk vs. lifestyle.  With most upgrades there is no financial benefit to investing in upgrading your home now vs. 5 years from now right before you sell.  You could be making 10% in mutual funds until then and then invest in the upgrades right before you sell.  There is obviously a physical limit to how fast you can do these improvements yourself, but front-loading this now at the beginning of your timeframe as opposed to the end is not an investment decision, it is a lifestyle decision.  Not saying ""Don't do it"", but don't rationalize it to yourself as ""we're saving money by doing this now.""  Maybe use the rationalization ""We want to enjoy these upgrades and not just add them before we move out."" One exception to that - I'd plant any trees now and make sure they have a good water supply.  Good trees take a while to grow, and doing that sooner rather than later will help."
Firstly, the banks are far less risky than the people they lend to. Most of the interest banks charge borrowers covers defaults, but banks rarely default to the fed, especially those able to borrow from the Fed.  Secondly, most banks borrowing is in the form of overnight loans to cover short term reserve fluctuations; they are not borrowing dollars to lend to you.  Thirdly, if govt does it's job of keeping some competition in the banking sector, then the rates offered you and me should be near the actual cost to service such loans, so are the true value of those loans. Since there are a significant number of banks that I can borrow from with a multitude of options in how to borrow, there is likely still decent competition for my business.  Finally, the Fed funds rate is not currently 0%, so the banks are not getting interest free money.
I am a (small time!) Zopa user in the UK and have been for over a year. The rates that loans are accepted at on Zopa seem to me to be 0.5-1% higher than the best deals in the commercial market. The rates did used to be up at 8% even for A* short term, but now that bracket is getting about 5.5%. That's just talking about the rate offered to borrowers. My own return will be lower as there is a fee levied from Zopa (naturally) and there is the risk of default. In 13 months on the site with ~20 borrowers and ~200 payments I have not had any defaults. The total interest returned for 13 months on a staggered investment of £150 with all repayments re-loaned out has been £9.33. So maybe 5.7% return? I expect that to go down a bit as I'm now loaning out at lower rates. Bear in mind also that interest from P2P lending is taxable income.
"Accept that the money's gone.  It could, as others have mentioned, been a lot more. Learn. Make sure your son (and you!) have learned the lesson (at least try to get something out of the $650).  The world isn't always a nice place unfortunately.  Don't wire money to strangers - use an escrow service or paypal or similar.  As the saying goes: ""Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me"". Report it to the authorities. Does have the advantage of the domestic rather than foreign bank account used.  The scammer might have closed it by now, but there should be some paper tail.  I imagine the id required for opening a bank account in the US is as strict as it is most places these days.  They may have used fake Id, but that's not your problem. Assuming contact was made over the internet, bearing in mind IANAL (or American), this could be a crime of Wire Fraud, in which case I believe it's a case for the FBI rather than your local police.  The phone calls your son is still receiving could also be construed as attempted extortion and if across state lines could also come under federal jurisdiction. The FBI have a better chance of catching such a scammer, generally having more chance of knowing one end of a computer from the other compared to a local beat cop.  If other victims have also contacted the authorities, it will probably be taken more seriously. Give as much information as you can.  Not just the bank account details, but all communication, exact time of phone calls, etc. The cops may say there's nothing they can do as it's a civil matter (breach of contract) rather than a criminal one. In which case you have the (probably expensive) option of going the civil route as described by Harper above. Inform Others. Assuming initial contact with the scammer was made through a website or forum or similar.  I imagine this must be a niche area for hand made toys.  Post your experience to warn other potential victims.  Inform the site owner - they may ban the scammers account where applicable. Stop the calls. Block the number.  If the number's being withheld, contact the provider - they should have a policy regarding harassment and be able to block it their end.  If the calls keep coming, your son will need to change his number. Don’t let it get to you. You may have warm cosy fantasies of removing the guys kneecaps with a 2x4.  Don't however dwell on the b*stard for too long and let it get under your skin.  You will have to let it go."
Basic business concept here.   Sales =/= money for you.  You need to take into account the cost to continually produce this stuff.   Don't forget the fact that prices will fall in the future as more firms enter the market.
Correct me if I am wrong (and I know you will), but in an economy where most consumers have more debt than savings, I fail to see how moderate inflation is a bad thing. Higher wages negate higher prices, and lower debt burdens free consumer demand.   Why are there always people in freak out mode if it looks like inflation may occur even slightly?
"Having read Rich Dad, Poor Dad, I absolutely despise Kiyosaki and everything he represents. He's all about ""passive income"", turnkey operations. That is, not actually working for your money. Gee, what an honourable strategy. How about actually doing something of value to earn a living?"
"The blue line is illustrating the net profit or loss the investor will realise according to how the price of the underlying asset settles at expiry. The x-axis represents the underlying asset price.  The y-axis represents the profit or loss. In the first case, the investor has a ""naked put write"" position, having sold a put option.  The strike price of the put is marked as ""A"" on the x-axis.  The maximum profit possible is equal to the total premium received when the option contract was sold.  This is represented by that portion of the blue line that is horizontal and extending from the point above that point marked ""A"" on the x-axis.  This corresponds to the case that the price of the underlying asset settles at or above the strike price on the day of expiry.  If the underlying asset settles at a price less than the strike price on the day of expiry, then the option with be ""in the money"".  Therefore the net settlement value will move from a profit to a loss, depending on how far in the money the option is upon expiry.  This is represented by the diagonal line moving from above the ""A"" point on the x-axis and moving from a profit to a loss on the y-axis.  The diagonal line crosses the x-axis at the point where the underlying asset price is equal to ""A"" minus the original premium rate at which the option was written - i.e., net profit = zero.  In the second case, the investor has sold a put option with a strike price of ""B"" and purchase a put option with a strike price ""A"", where A is less than B.  Here, the reasoning is similar to the first example, however since a put option has been purchase this will limit the potential losses should the underlying asset move down strongly in value. The horizontal line above the x-axis marks the maximum profit while the horizontal line below the x-axis marks the maximum loss. Note that the horizontal line above the x-axis is closer to the x-axis that is the horizontal line below the x-axis.  This is because the maximum profit is equal to the premium received for selling the put option minus the premium payed for buying the put option at a lower strike price.  Losses are limited since any loss in excess of the strike price ""A"" plus the premium payed for the put purchased at a strike price of ""A"" is covered by the profit made on the purchased put option at a strike price of ""A""."
Just like with IRS refunds issued in errors, after 3 years it's legally yours, they can't go after you anymore. So savings account until then or just mail them a check if that is what your conscious is saying.
(Haven't read the article but...) yeah, I pay retail at B&amp;N if I can, order online from them (but they're slow, and suck!) otherwise, and I'm lucky enough to have one independent bookstore nearby, which I use, too, to do my bit to keep live bookstores going. Nothing like browsing. Amazon should dial back (hah!).   edit, on dissing BN's speed - whoops:  &gt;  It found that some employees risked stroke and heat exhaustion while running themselves ragged trying to fulfill quotas that resemble the onerous conditions so indelibly satirized by Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times. Ambulances were routinely stationed in the facility’s giant parking lot to rush stricken workers to nearby hospitals.
Oh, come off it. It's meat and bread, it isn't literally flavorless. You were just drunk or whatever and couldn't taste for shit.   Mcdonalds isn't the best burger in town, it may even be the worst, but it's still a burger, and it still adheres to the laws of taste.
"After the passage of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 and the implementation of the Troubled Asset Relief Program, the creation of an entirely new Office of Financial Stability in the treasury, the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, the Public-Private Investment Program and the Legacy Loans and Legacy Securities Program, the Supervisory Capital Assessment Program, and the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008,  I find it remarkable that anyone can seriously think that the US government is not signalling, if not actually doing, *everything* it can short of nationalization to not allow a systemically important bank to collapse.  This is to say nothing about the coining of an entirely new institution, the ""Too Big To Fail"" bank or ""Systemically Important Financial Institution"" (SIFI).  BTW and FYI, [here](http://www.scribd.com/doc/10940608/0116TARP) is the CBO:  &gt;This is the first of CBO’s statutory reports on the TARP’s transactions. Through December 31, 2008, those transactions totaled $247 billion. [...][The] CBO estimates that the **subsidy cost** of those transactions (broadly speaking, the difference between what the Treasury paid for the investments or lent to the firms and the market value of those transactions) amounts to **$64 billion**."
easier access to your money That can be a disadvantage for some people. Based on the number of people who tap their 401K for non-retirement reasons, or just cash it in when they change jobs; making it painful to use before retirement age does keep some people from spending it too early. They need to be able to compartmentalize the funds in order to understand the difference between funds spending, saving and investing for retirement. Roth 401K One advantage that the 401K may have is  that you can in many plans invest the funds in a Roth 401K. This allows you to go beyond the Roth IRA limits. You are currently investing the maximum amount in your Roth IRA, so this could be a big advantage.
Short selling can be a good strategy to hedge, but you have almost unlimited downside.  If a stock price skyrockets, you may be forced to cover your short by the brokerage before you want to or put up more capital. A smarter strategy to hedge, that limits your potential downside is to buy puts if you think the market is going down.  Your downside is limited to the total amount that you purchased the put for and no more. Another way to hedge is to SELL calls that are covered because you own the shares the calls refer to.  You might do this if you thought your stock was going to go down but you didn't want to sell your shares right now.  That way the only downside if the price goes up is you give up your shares at a predetermined price and you miss out on the upside, but your downside is now diminished by the premium you were paid for the option. (You'd still lose money if the shares went down since you still own them, but you got paid the option premium so that helps offset that).
Every business owner must pay close attention when planning their shop front as this is the first thing that potential customers see. Based on their first impression, they will decide whether they’ll check out what you sell or simply ignore your shop all together.
Fiduciary They are obligated by the rules of the exchanges they are listed with. Furthermore, there is a strong chance that people running the company also have stock, so it personally benefits them to create higher prices. Finally, maybe they don't care about the prices directly, but by being a good company with a good product or service, they are desirable and that is expressed as a higher stock price.  Not every action is because it will raise the stock price, but because it is good for business which happens to make the stock more valuable.
"First thing I'd say is don't start with investing. The foundation of solid finances is cash flow. Making more than you spend, reliably; knowing where your money goes; having a system that works for you to make sure you make more than you spend. Until you have that, your focus may as well be on getting there, because you can't fix much else about your finances until you fix this. A number you want to know is your percentage of income saved, and a good goal for that is about 15%, with 10-12% going to retirement savings and the rest to shorter-term goals and emergency fund and so forth. (Of course the right percentage here depends on your goals and situation, but for most people this is a kind of minimum savings rate to be in good shape.) Focus on your savings rate. This is your profitability, if you view yourself as a business. If it's crappy or negative, your finances will be a mess. Two ways to improve it are to spend less or to improve your earnings power. Doing both is even better. The book Your Money or Your Life by Dominguez and Robin is good for showing how to obsessively focus on cash flow, even though you may not share their zeal for early retirement. A simpler exercise than what they recommend: take 3 months of your checking and credit card statements, go through each expenditure and put them in a spreadsheet column, SUM() that column. Then add up 3 months of after-tax paychecks. Divide both numbers by three and compare. (The 3 months is to average out your spending, which probably varies a lot by month.) After positive cash flow and savings rate, the next thing I'd go through is insurance. Risk management for what you have. This can include checking you have all the important insurance coverages (homeowner's/renter's, auto, potentially umbrella, term life, disability, and of course health insurance, are some highlights); and also adjusting all your policies to be most cost-effective, which usually means raising the deductible if you have a good emergency fund. Often you can raise the deductible on policies you have, and use the savings to add more catastrophe coverage (such as term life if you didn't have it, or boosting the liability protection on your homeowner's, or whatever). Remember, cover catastrophes as cheaply and comprehensively as possible, but don't worry about reimbursement for non-catastrophic expenses. I like this book, Smart and Simple Financial Strategies for Busy People by Jane Bryant Quinn, because it covers all the main personal finance topics, not just investing; and because it is smart and simple. All the main stuff to think about is in the one book and the advice is solid and uncomplicated. Investing can truly be dead easy; most people would be fine with this advice: Honestly, I do micro-optimize and undermine my investing, and I'm guessing most people on this forum do. But it's not something I could defend objectively as a good use of time. It probably is necessary to do some reading to feel financially literate and confident in an investment plan, but the reading isn't really because a good plan is complicated, it's more to understand all the complicated things that you don't need to do, since that's how you'll know not to do them. ;-) Especially when salespeople and publications and TV are telling you over and over and over that you need to know a bunch of crap and do a bunch of things. People who have a profitable ""business of me"" are the ones who end up with a lot of money. Not people who spend a lot of time screwing with investments. (People who get rich investing invest professionally - as their ""business of me"" - they don't goof around with their 401k after work.) Financial security is all about your savings rate, i.e. your personal profitability. No shortcuts, other than lotteries and rich uncles."
Yes it is.  I work in pharmaceuticals. The company I work for right now doesn't deal with drugs directly because it is a contractor and the main expenses are wages, rent and IT infrastructure..much like a lot of other companies.  But the previous place I work for does contract manufacturing. How these guys stay in business is unreal. The cost of building a ~1000 sq ft clean room can easily be over 6 million, on top of the land and building that it is on. Then operating the room is in the thousands a day. So whenever the room is not being used, the clean room it's bleeding hundreds of dollars an hour.  On top of that, the fridges and freezers that is used to store specimens are insanely expensive. A regular fridge to store stuff at 2-8°C is upwards of $5k. Then you need to pay contractors to get it monitored 24/7.  Oh shipping the specimens to other labs? Each shipment costs at a minimum of $150. FedEx gets very little of it. The boxes it is shipped in and the temperature monitoring costs a ton.  That's not all. The lab(s) are also expensive to run.  All that is for a small pharmaceutical company...doing PRE-clinical stuff. If you up that scale, and hire better qualified/experience people, the costs goes up exponentially.  1 gallon of water that I used to use costs $50 or something (including the corporate discount that we got). It is insanely expensive to run a pharmaceutical company.
Defined Benefit - the benefit you receive when you retire is defined e.g. $500 a month if you retire at age 65. It is up to the plan administrators to manage the pension fund, and ensure that there is enough money to cover the benefits based on the life expectancy of the retiree. Defined Contribution - the amount you contribute to the plan is defined. The benefit you receive at retirement depends on how well the investments do over the years.
I would say your decision making is reasonable.  You are in the middle of Brexit and nobody knows what that means.  Civil society in the United States is very strained at the moment.  The one seeming source of stability in Europe, Germany, may end up with a very weakened government.  The only country that is probably stable is China and it has weak protections for foreign investors. Law precedes economics, even though economics often ends up dictating the law in the long run. The only thing that may come to mind is doing two things differently.  The first is mentally dropping the long-term versus short-term dichotomy and instead think in terms of the types of risks an investment is exposed to, such as currency risk, political risk, liquidity risk and so forth.  Maturity risk is just one type of risk. The second is to consider taking some types of risks that are hedged either by put contracts to limit the downside loss, or consider buying longer-dated call contracts using a small percentage of your money.  If the underlying price falls, then the call contracts will be a total loss, but if the price increases then you will receive most of the increase (minus the premium). If you are uncomfortable purchasing individual assets directly, then I would say you are probably doing everything that you reasonably can do.
As an employee of one of these firms, us auditors are the bread and butter while consulting work is sexy and just the flavor of the week.  And now that my personal rant is over, I definitely agree with the point of the article. But you must understand that any Channel 1 audit client will not be allowed to receive any consulting from the same firm. In fact, often times when fraud happens one of the Big 4 will hire another firm to investigate, just look at what's unfolding with MF Global.
"A very interesting topic, as I am moving to the US in a month. I realise this thread is old but its been helpful to me.  My observations from my home country  ""Before we judge anyone who doesn't use direct deposit or who prefers to be paid in cold hard cash, consider that direct deposit is a luxury of stability. Steady job, home, etc. Direct deposit doesn't make sense for a contractor or day labourer who expect to work for a different person each day or week""  --- well here a contractor would still be paid by a direct deposit, even if he was working for many different people. On the invoice the contractor provides Bank account details, and customer logs onto their internet banking and pays electronically. It is a a very simple process and is the preferred method of payment by most businesses even small contractors. Many accounting software programs are linked to bank accounts and can quickly reconcile accounts for small business. Many businesses will not accept a cheque in Australia anymore as they are considered to be a higher risk.  I started work in 1994 and have never received any payment except via direct deposit."
"Note that this particular cop has some kind of specialisation (""special-ops"") that would put him into a higher pay-grade, probably rising with experience in that field. Then he was promoted to sergeant and took on more responsibility. Again, he might well have had subsequent pay rises because of his years of experience as a sergeant.   Personally, I want well-paid public servants, who will do a good job. I want a guy who has spent 20 years in such a blue-collar job to be able to earn as much as a computer programmer who only graduated a couple of years ago."
Anytime someone mentions a specific year something will happen on economics they lose credibility in my book. That said, it does look like government has run itself off a financial cliff. Its like Looney Tunes, once we look down we will fall
Aside from the fact that fast food is a main culprit of the obesity epidemic that is literally crippling the United States populace,  &gt;A better-ranked restaurant stock from the same space is Dave &amp; Buster’s Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY - Free Report) that has surpassed estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average positive surprise of 30.5%.
"John Robbins is an idiot. Hamed Hoshyarsar has no idea what he's doing.  &gt;""Hey, I'm going to throw money I can't afford to lose into something I know nothing about.""  Someone needs to take their money before they hurt themselves with it."
No, you can't claim personal expenses as business expenses. What is the alternative to paying someone to do your chores? Letting the chores go undone.  How does it affect your business if your household chores go undone? It doesn't; it only affects your personal life--that's why they are personal expenses.
Technically, the difference between dividends and growth ought to be that dividends can be reinvested in stocks other than the one that paid them, which is a definite advantage if you actually have a strategy.  Dividend -paying stocks used to be preferred for exactly that reason, back in the days when fewer people were directly playing in the market and more knew what they were doing. Unfortunately,  getting a periodic dividend from a stock whose price is relatively steady isn't as exciting a game as watching your stock's value bounce around and (hopefully)  creep upward on a second-by-second basis. Those who are thinking in gambling terms rather than investment terms -- or who think they can beat the pros at high frequency trading, comment withheld -- want the latter, and have been putting a lot of pressure on companies to operate in the latter mode. That doesn't make it better -- certainly not for the longer-term investors -- just more fashionable. And fashion often means getting stuck with something impractical because everyone else is doing it. On this, I second Scrooge:  Humbug!
Among the other fine answers, you might also consider that owning a vehicle outright will free you from the requirement to carry insurance on the vehicle (you must still carry insurance on yourself in most states).
Is he? Specifically relating to his comment on tech / programming firms; good ones hire you for your problem solving abilities, your networking skills, or so-forth. They don't want to hire a tool for one specific problem if they can hire one that fits many.   This mentality fits many other trades. Why hire a tradesman for your company who has 5 - 10 years of experience of roofing and only roofing, when you can hire one with 3 years experience of roofing, plus 6 years in various other areas? What happens when you don't have a roofing job for 2 months, and the specialist roofer needs training or instruction?  This isn't distilling personality and reward out of the workforce, it's gathering assets that are useful in an ever-changing environment.
"Absolutely no conditions.  The central bank just uses the money as if it were real money, which is technically becomes.  They just simply buy financial products.  It's as if I had a printing press in my basement.  I would just print the cash, then walk into a store and buy some products.  Anyone with half a brain can obviously see that this is not a solution, but a temporary band-aid with devastating consequences.  I believe there are three types of people involved here.  People who don't understand what's going on (most people), people who understand it and are OK with the obvious fraud, inflation, and wealth re-distribution which benefits the 1%, or people who are against it and actively seek to abolish central banks.  We're the ones the media calls ""crazy"".  You'd be surprised at how many people understand it and still advocate it.  If you'd like to read a book about this topic and the other horrible practices of today's major central banks, read ""[End the Fed](http://www.amazon.com/End-Fed-Ron-Paul/dp/0446549193)"" by Ron Paul."
Depending on the structure of you're portfolio, it could be that your portfolio is delta neutral to take advantage of diminishing time value on options, short straddles/strangles would be an example.
"The most important thing to look at is the FDIC insurance. Savings accounts are covered. Money markets - not necessarily. Online savings accounts provide rates of ~1%. Look at American Express, Ally, Capitol One, ING Direct, E*Trade, etc. The ""pledge"" basically brings EverBank into the same list, as they all have similar rates. Being top 5% of competitive accounts is not that hard, because there are thousands of banks around, you know. 0.76 is not the highest rate available. American Express currently give 1% on their savings account. Re moving the money a lot - depends on the amounts, but when the rates were higher, I moved around a lot. Now, it just doesn't worth the trouble, although I would move for 0.25%."
Your question may have another clue. You are bullish regarding the real estate market. Is that for your city, your state, your nation or for the whole world?  Unless you can identify particular properties or neighborhoods that are expected to be better than the average return for your expected bull market in real estate, you will be taking a huge risk. It would be the same as believing that stocks are about to enter a bull market, but then wanting to put 50% of your wealth on one stock. The YTD for the DOW is ~+7%, yet 13 of the 30 have not reached the average increase including 4 that are down more than 7%. Being bullish about the real estate segment still gives you plenty of opportunities to invest. You can invest directly in the REIT or you can invest in the companies that will grow because of the bullish conditions.  If your opinion changes in a few years it is hard to short a single property.
There is no law requiring someone to return a refused check. You need to clarify whether this payment is to establish a retainer, or to pay for services rendered. Either way you should stop payment on the check and send them a certified letter explaining that you are stopping payment on the check because they refused it. If the payment is to establish a retainer, then the issue is simple: the lawyer requires $10,000 as a retainer before you can engage them and until then you have no relationship with them. If that is the amount they want, then less than that is not accepted. If the payment is for services rendered already and you owe them money, then it is a completely different situation. Refusing partial payment means they are getting ready to sue you. In a collection suit, the larger the amount is, the better. Normally, someone owed money will only refuse a partial payment if they anticipate having to sue the debtor and they want to maximize their leverage in case of a court judgement in their favor. A creditor has the right to refuse a partial payment.
I guess 15 years of practicing law, successfully I might add, in the realm of torts (including dozens upon dozens of negligence actions a year, just about all of which were covered by insurance) has been a mirage.  Thank you dtank88 for setting me straight.  Goodbye.
"Attitudes like what? Is it suddenly a bad idea to recognize when things are challenging? I don't think it says anywhere in that article that these people are fat by no fault of their own. I agree that the tone of the article has a sort of resignation to it... but there's nothing explicit in there that says ""they have no choice but to be fat"""
avoid corporation tax There aren't many avenues to save on corporation tax legally. The best option you can try is paying into a generous pension for yourself, which will save some corporation tax. Buying a house You can claim deduction for the mortgage payments, but profits on selling the house will require paying capital gains tax on the profit. You can rent it out, this will be decided between your mortgage provider and your company, but the rent will go towards as income.  Buying a car Not worth it. You will have to pay Class 1A NI contribution for benefits in kind. Any sane accountant will ask you to buy the car yourself and expense the mileage. Any income generated from the cash you have is taxable. Even the interest being paid on your money is taxable.
"Nestle owns more than 8000 brands worldwide. Remember that ""chinese"" Melanene in baby formula scandal? What you didn't hear is that was a Nestle company. If you want to avoid Nestle water you need to avoid Perrigrino, Nestea, Perrier, Poland Springs and Vittel. There are basically 10 companies that control the worlds packaged food supply."
Wine is often invested, as is whisky and some other spirits And fortified wines that have particular vintages, such as port. You need to be particular about which ones to invest in though.  Top vintages of wine and port can rocket in value, to make the big profits you need to buy the new vintage before everyone realises it is going to be a top year and sell it some years later when it is approaching its peak. This is obviously quite tricky to do.  It is fairly common to buy a share in a particular batch of whisky (proper Scottish single malt), then after 12-18 years when it is matured you can take your share in bottles or cash.
"You can see how much of a percentage the S&amp;P 500 is of the GDP over the past 10 years in this handy graph:  https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=oCZ  When the stock market was doing poorly (2009) it was only 0.06% of GDP. When it's doing well (now) it's 0.12% of the GDP.  It's also not useful to directly compare percentages like you're doing. Just because one averages 6% growth and one averages 3% growth, that doesn't mean that the 6% one will take over. It doesn't take much of a correction to wipe out decades of S&amp;P vs GDP growth.  You might also be interested in knowing that this ratio is similar to the ""Buffet Indicator"", how Warren Buffet decides if stocks are overvalued as a whole:  https://www.advisorperspectives.com/dshort/updates/2017/04/04/market-cap-to-gdp-an-updated-look-at-the-buffett-valuation-indicator"
If you bought 5 shares @ $20 each that would cost you $100 plus brokerage. Even if your brokerage was only $10 in and out, your shares would have to go up 20% just for you to break even. You don't make a profit until you sell, so just for you to break even your shares need to go up to $24 per share. Because your share holding would be so small the brokerage, even the cheapest around, would end up being a large percentage cost of any overall profits. If instead you had bought 500 shares at $20, being $1000, the $20 brokerage (in and out) only represents 2% instead of 20%. This is called economies of scale.
&gt; A huge corporation would have had an arbitration clause so that there couldn't be a class action.  Depends on where the class action is pressed. Many states have statutes that prevent arbitration agreements from being binding. CA for example.
Full disclosure: I’m an intern for EquityZen, so I’m familiar with this space but can speak with the most accuracy about EquityZen. Observations about other players in the space are my own. The employee liquidity landscape is evolving. EquityZen and Equidate help shareholders (employees, ex-employees, etc.) in private companies get liquidity for shares they already own. ESOFund and 137 Ventures help with option financing, and provide loans (and exotic structures on loans) to cover costs of exercising options and any associated tax hit. EquityZen is a private company marketplace that led the second wave of VC-backed secondary markets starting early 2013. The mission is to help achieve liquidity for employees and other private company shareholder, but in a company-approved way. EquityZen transacts with share transfers and also a proprietary derivative structure which transfers economics of a company's shares without changing voting and information rights. This structure typically makes the transfer process cheaper and faster as less paperwork is involved. Accredited investors find the process appealing because they get access to companies they usually cannot with small check sizes. To address the questions in Dzt's post: 1). EquityZen doesn't take a 'loan shark' approach meaning they don't front shareholders money so that they can purchase their stock. With EquityZen, you’re either selling your shares or selling all the economic risk—upside and downside—in exchange for today’s value. 2). EquityZen only allows company approved deals on the platform. As a result, companies are more friendly towards the process and they tend to allow these deals to take place. Non-company approved deals pose risks for buyers and sellers and are ultimately unsustainable. As a buyer, without company blessing, you’re taking on significant counterparty risk from the seller (will they make good on their promise to deliver shares in the future?) or the risk that the transfer is impermissible under relevant restrictions and your purchase is invalid. As a seller, you’re running the risk of violating your equity agreements, which can have severe penalties, like forfeiture of your stock. Your shares are also much less marketable when you’re looking to transact without the company’s knowledge or approval. 3). Terms don't change depending an a shareholder's situation. EquityZen is a professional company and values all of the shareholders that use the platform. It’s a marketplace so the market sets the price. In other situations, you may be at the mercy of just one large buyer. This can happen when you’re facing a big tax bill on exercise but don’t have the cash (because you have the stock). 4). EquityZen doesn't offer loans so this is a non issue. 5). Not EquityZen! EquityZen creates a clean break from the economics. It’s not uncommon for the loan structures to use an interest component as well as some other complications, like upside participation and and also a liquidation preference. EquityZen strives for a simple structure where you’re not on the hook for the downside and you’ve transferred all the upside as well.
"If you are a resident of New Zealand for tax purposes, you will be taxed in New Zealand on all of your ""worldwide income"". This is income derived from New Zealand as well as income derived from all other countries Source: http://www.ird.govt.nz/international/nzwithos/income/overseas-income-index.html Another link that will be of use is this: https://www.ato.gov.au/individuals/international-tax-for-individuals/work-out-your-tax-residency/ This is Australia's rules on if you qualify as a resident for tax purposes.  I am not an accountant or a lawyer but my reading of this is you actually have to reside in Australia to be considered a resident - whether or not you have a bank account there doesn't appear to play into it. Additionally, Australia and NZ have a ""double taxation agreement"", explained here: http://www.ird.govt.nz/yoursituation-nonres/double-tax/ So this should prevent you from being taxed in both places."
"That's the way the markets work in THEORY. In actual fact, markets are subject to ""real world"" pressures. That is, there are so many things going on in the market that the end of the ""Lined In"" lock up is just one of many. To produce the result you describe, traders would have to hold cash in reserve for this so-called ""contingency"" to buy at the end of the lock-up. In most cases, they wouldn't want to because of everything else that is going on.  To use a real world analogy, would you want to wait until the last possible moment before going to the bathroom? Or would you go now while you had the chance? That's what the decision about ""holding cash in reserve for a contingency"" is like."
Is it true you have to file papers with the government in the US to   withdraw large sums of cash at your local bank branch? It's true that a currency transaction report (CTR) gets filed with FinCEN (Financial Crimes Enforcement Network) when you make a cash transaction in excess of $10,000. Banks have systems that do this automatically, so you don't have to really do anything other than provide some tax info if not already on file with the bank. The teller can flag your CTR if they think the transaction is suspicious, but there shouldn't be a delay on the withdrawal unless the bank has to make arrangements to have enough cash on hand. Some people don't like the idea of CTR's being filed and therefore make multiple smaller withdrawals, but that can be considered illegal structuring, and can result in confiscated money.
yeah it sounds good but it includes a flaw that free marketeers wish was true but isnt. That this wouldnt have happened had they been allowed to fail. It is anthropomorphising corps. When mega businesses fail,it's not like the ceo, executives and traders have to open up their wallets. Look at what happen with leaman or bears, everyone who was working in those banks now work for the other banks, still making the big bucks.    a shit ton of smaller banks were allowed to fail, why wasnt their behavior tempered by knowing they wouldnt have been bailed out?  we should have bailed them out, all of our retirements where tied up in this bullshit and most of us didnt have shit to do with anything. But the problem is we should have owned them afterwards like we did the S&amp;ls, we should have unseat the boards and wiped out shareholder value and restructured the banks back into healthy entities and resell back on the open market. It still wouldnt change anything, just like laws dont stop car thieves. But it would have been the right thing to do.
This is a frequent problem for anyone with a large amount of deductions, whether it is student loan interest, home mortgage interest, charitable contributions, or anything else.  As an employee getting your tax withheld from your check, your options to reduce the amount withheld are limited. The HR department has no control over how much they withhold; the amount is calculated using a standard formula based on the number of exemptions you tell them.  The number of exemptions you claim on your W-4 form does not have to match reality. If you currently have 1 exemption claimed, ask them what the withholding would be if you claimed 4 exemptions. If that's not enough, go higher. As long as you are not withholding so little that you have a large tax bill at the end of the year, you are fine.  Of course, when you do your taxes, you need to have the correct number of exemptions claimed on your 1040, but this number does not need to match your W-4.
I'll go ahead and assume the lack of insightful comments in this thread means everyone else is having just as much trouble forming an opinion on this as I. Which one is the bad guy here: Cook (and others) for meeting with Trump, or Zuckerberg, for *not* meeting with Trump? Who the fuck knows.
Today, if your SEO specialist isn’t providing you with holistic lateral solutions defined below, then you aren’t getting much value. Competing online has taken on a whole different turn and if you aren’t doing what is required you won’t stand a chance to stay in the game for long.
"It's also worth thinking about minor ""emergencies"" when the location of your cash may be more important than the amount. I keep a baggie of change and small bills in my glovebox for meters and tolls. I keep a ten dollar bill in my armband when I go out for a jog or bike. Those little stashes have saved me more than once. Zombie apocalypse money? I just have a couple hundred at home."
Unfortunately, if your taxes are too complicated for the 1040EZ form, then your tax situation is effectively unique and you need to try both options and see for yourself which one is better. If you do your taxes yourself, you may be more likely to do a more thorough job in digging everything up.  You might even find that you can deduct some things that you hadn't thought of before. On the other hand, whenever I've gone to a tax professional, it's always been pretty much an all-or-nothing proposal.  You sit down with them and hand them your records, they ask a couple simple questions, and they either give you your completed tax return on-the-spot or they have you come back in a week for a brief review of the final numbers.  If they don't prepare your return on-the-spot, you can usually send additional items later on if you think of something that you forgot the first time around, but for the most part it's still a one-time shot. That said, I'm beginning to think the difference in monetary cost of completing even a mildly complex tax return is going to be insignificant, and the main factors to consider are the value of your own time and how much of the tax code you want to learn (because, in my experience, the software always refers to additional IRS forms or codes that are not automated in the software).  In theory, your tax return should be the same regardless of whether you have a tax professional do your taxes or, if you do them yourself, which software you use.  Given the same inputs, you should get about the same outputs.  Even though that theory doesn't always hold exactly true, all the options should get you in the same ballpark--close enough that it doesn't make much difference in the grand scheme of things, unless your tax return is done incorrectly (e.g., you choose the wrong filing status or forget to take a major deduction). Suppose you're married and you or your spouse is a partner in an LLC.  Maybe a tax professional wants to charge you $500 for your tax return (this will vary based on your circumstances).  You could alternatively buy the tax software for $40-$300 and spend 20+ hours navigating through the interviews and reviewing tax codes for the decisions and worksheets that are not automated in the software.  Depending on how much time you personally have to spend on the tax return, one option might be better than the other.  Maybe you have to pay your in-house accounting person to use the tax software, or you have to pay an employee to cover for you while you use the software.  Keep in mind that the tax professional and the tax software are probably deductible, whereas your time may not be.  In the end, even if you save money up front, it might be a wash on the following year's tax return, especially after you consider the uncompensated time that you could have spent with your family, on your business.
Edit: lazy math The answer to this question depends on two things: How bad will it be if you cannot repay this loan in the way you expected? - How likely are you to actually get into a PhD program with a stipend? Is there a possibility that you will not get a stipend?  What is the penalty for failure to repay?  Will you have to support yourself after university?  How much money could you expect to earn if you found a job after your undergraduate degree? How much could taking this loan improve your finances/life? - Could you get your degree at anther institution without going into debt?  Would your career be better if you went to Ecole Polytechnique? I would take the loan if:
Middle class taxes are about as low as they have ever been. They are certaily much lower than most of the industrialized world.  &gt;So proportionally the middle classes end up paying the most tax and gets the least for it.  No, the rich pay the largest percentage of the tax dollars and they pay more per dollar earned than the middle class. You can check this easily from IRS tax statistics. A person paying a million in taxes a year doesn't use the roads 50 times as much as someone paying 20,000 a year either, and most other services scale similarly. So I'd say the middle class actually gets more use out of their tax dollars than the rich.
There are a number of mutual funds which claim to be 'ethical'. Note that your definition of 'ethical' may not match theirs. This should be made clear in the prospectus of whichever mutual fund you are looking at. You will likely pay for the privilege of investing this way, in higher expenses on the mutual fund. If I may suggest another option, you may want to consider investing in low-fee mutual funds or ETFs and donating some of the profit to offset the moral issues you see.
I hear this story all the time. Before they were afraid to let someone science on their face. They thought they might get a little science in their eyes, or it might taste too salty. Then one day, they finally let someone science all over their faces, and they loved it!
&gt; And just out of curiosity what do you do to unwind?  Run, go to the gym, come on the computer, go out with friends, watch a movie, etc... You don't need a drug to unwind, if you need a drug, see a psychologist.    &gt; You don't drink or use tobacco or anything of the like?  I drink like once a month socially. I have an issue with daily users who complain they can't get a job or don't want to take responsibility for their actions.   &gt; But judging other people for wanting a beer or a cigarette or a joint is no way to go through life  Why not if they cost me and everyone else money and cause tons of other problems. They cost insurance rates to go higher, they cause accidents, they kill people, the smoke drifts in my face, etc...  If they weren't losers and were actually responsible, it would be a different situation. A big difference I see between alcohol and weed is that there are actually restrictions on when, where, and how you can have alcohol.
Why would I ever choose to open a savings account? This is slightly broad and opinion based. If the interest rates are same and other aspects are same [or same to you ... for example savings account allows say 6 debits per month and you only need 4, then its same].  Unless one compares the specifics one can't decide. A checking account may have fees, at times waived if there is direct deposit set-up. It maybe more easy to get phone banking or other aspects.  Quite a few items were initially possible with only checking account, get a check book, get a debit card [not just ATM card], etc.  These days there are multiple flavours of products that bank is lunching which blur out the lines, hence traditional comparison will not do justice.
Wow,  First off bravo, never have I seen such blind devotion to a cause outside of religion. Second, Capitalism will only lead to one path, the rich get richer the poor get poorer. There is no other outcome.  If you think that because he is a republican he can just create jobs? No there has not been a good/decent republican president for decades. Unless you are the 1% then, fuck you for only thinking of yourself.
We trust an ideal approach to make an incredible client experience is by the significant comprehension. If you are writer and stories narrator, then you can visit our website travellingcamera.net, we are the best platform for your improve writing and experience sharing skills. If you want to read stories related politics and incident such as Woman freezes to death in Oregon and more. The user can visit our website for more stories and post.
In theory, in a perfect world, what you state is almost true. Apart from transaction fees, if you assume that the market is perfectly efficient (ie: public information is immediately reflected in a perfect reflection of future share value, in all share prices when the information becomes available), then in theory any transaction you would choose to take is opposed by a reasonable person who is not taking advantage of you, just moving their position around. This would make any and all transactions completely reasonable from a cost-benefit perspective.  ie: if the future value of all dividends to be paid by Apple [ie: the value of holding a share in Apple] exactly matches Apple's share price of $1,000, then buying a share for $1,000 is an even trade. Selling a share for $1,000 is also an even trade. Now in a perfectly efficient market, which we have assumed, then there is no edge to valuing a company using your own methods. If you take Apple's financial statements / press releases / reported information, and if you apply modern financial theory to evaluate the future dividends from Apple, you should get the same $1,000 share price that the market has already arrived at. So in this example, why wouldn't you just throw darts at a printout of the S&P 500 and invest in whatever it lands on? Because, even if the 'perfectly efficient market' agrees on the true value of something, different investments have different characteristics. As an example, consider a simple comparison of corporate bonds: Corporations make bond offerings to the public, allowing individual investors to effectively lend money to the corporation, for a future benefit. For simplicity, assume a bond with a 'face value' (the amount to be repaid to the investor on maturity) of $1,000 has these 3 defining characteristics: (1) The price [What the investor pays to acquire it]; (2) Interest payments [how much, if any, the corporation will pay to the investor before maturity, and when those payments will be made]; and (3) a bond rating [which is a third party assessment of how risky the bond is, based on the 'health' of the corporation]. Now if the bond rating agency is perfect in its risk assessment, and if the price of all bond's is fair, then why does it matter who you loan your money to? It matters because different people want different things out of their investments. If you are waiting to make a down payment on a house next year, then you don't want risk - you want to be certain that you will get your cash back, even if it means lower returns. So, even though a high-risk bond may be perfectly priced, it should only be bought by someone willing to bear that risk. If you are retired, and you need your bonds to pay you interest regularly as your sole source of income, then of course a zero-coupon bond [one that pays no interest] is not helpful to you. If you are young, and have a long time to invest, then you may want risk, because you have time to overcome losses and you want to get the most return possible. In addition, taxes are not universal between all investors. Some people benefit from things that would be tax-heavy to their neighbors. For example in Canada, there is a 'dividend tax credit' which reduces the taxes owing on dividends received by a corporation. This credit exists to prevent 'double-taxation', because otherwise the corporation would pay its ~30% of tax, and then a wealthy investor would pay another ~45% of tax. Due to the mechanics of how the credit is calculated, however, someone who makes less money, gets an even lower tax bill than they normally would. This means that someone making under the top tax bracket in Canada, has a tax benefit by receiving dividends. This means that while 2 stocks may be both fairly priced, if one pays dividends and the other doesn't [ie: if the other company instead reinvests more heavily in future projects, creating even more value for shareholders down the road], then someone in the bottom tax brackets may want the dividend paying stock more than the other. In conclusion: Picking investments yourself does require some knowledge to prevent yourself from making a 'bad buy'; this is because the market is not perfectly efficient. As well, specific market mechanics make some trades more costly than they should be in theory; consider for example transaction fees and tax mechanics. Finally, even if you assume that all of the above is irrelevant as a theoretical idea, different investors still have different needs. Just because $1,000,000 is the 'fair' price for a factory in your home town, doesn't mean you might as well convert your retirement savings to buy it as your sole asset.
Agreed that the CEO is lame and only in it for himself in the meantime.  But regardless what Lampert does, he has lost billions on Sears already just over time and his recent actions will just recoup a small fraction of it.  There is no way he's going to make back his investment.  What I don't see how in this economy that most of those locations would be rentable to boutiques that pay more when all it's doing is throwing more retail space onto a market deluged with retail space.  Some locations maybe, but many are old and away from the action in the meantime.  For instance, many of the closed Kmarts, part of Sears, at least five near me are either still empty after 3-5 years or occupied by something that definitely doesn't pay the same rent, like indoor storage units or indoor paintball arenas and whatnot.
"Once again, do you have any specific reason why you think bitcoin wont succeed? ""you guys"" never have any real arguments as for why bitcoin will fail, and if you look at the facts, bitcoins are worth more now than they have ever been. You can believe whatever you want, but the market has spoken"
The risk is that everything could go wrong in any phase at any time or they could run out of cash and go bankrupt waiting for results. Then there is the FDA that might take forever in approving their drug, or not approve it at all. Human trials could go horribly wrong. The company may be incompetent in bringing a product to market (after FDA rubberstamping), there might not be a market for their particular METHOD of treatment (is it a pill, or is it a torture device you have to strap yourself into for 5 hours a day). And maybe they are never able to make a profit with all the debt they have taken to stay afloat.
"You do realize this pipeline crosses almost every major river in the south east and east coast right?  I'm detecting a lot of hyperbole from you.  As far as DAPL and its ""actual value"" businesses don't go and build new pipelines for fun. It's expensive and time consuming. There has to be a return on investment."
Hopefully this doesn't come across as me being a jackass (I'm really not trying to be), but...  Is this just your assumption, or do you have a source for that statement? I'm actually interested -- would love to read something more in-depth.   All I could find is [this](http://iphone.appleinsider.com/articles/17/01/20/report-claims-apple-music-pays-more-to-record-labels-in-royalties-per-stream-than-spotify), which actually indicates the opposite is true.
"In my experience when a salesperson says a particular deal is only good if you purchase right now, 100% of the time it is not true. Of course I can't guarantee that is universally the case, but if you leave and come back 5 minutes later, or tomorrow, or next week, it's extremely likely that they'll still take your money for the original price. (In fact, sometimes after you leave you get a call with even a lower price than the ""excellent offer""...) Most of the time when you are presented with high pressure sales accompanied by a ""this price is only good right now"" pitch, it ends up being because they don't want you to go search the competition and read reviews. In this case you have already done that and deemed the item to be worthwhile. Perhaps a better tactic for the salesperson would have been to try to convince you that others are interested in the item and if you wait it might be sold to someone else at that excellent price. Sales is an art, and it requires the salesperson to size you up and try to figure out your vulnerability and exploit it. This particular salesperson obviously misjudged you and/or you don't have an easily exploitable vulnerability. I wouldn't let the shortcomings of the salesperson get in the way of your purchase. If you are worried about the scenario of someone else snatching up the item, consider offering a deposit to hold the item for a certain amount of time while you ""reflect"" and/or ""arrange for the funds""."
Dan Caplis Attorney Dan Caplis is an excellent and well-respected trial attorney who has practiced law since 1983. He is the founding partner of the Law Offices of Daniel J. Caplis. In the more than 30 years he has practiced law, Dan Caplis has helped his clients seek the maximum compensation for their grievances. In fact, it was a three-week medical malpractice case involving birth injuries to a set of triplets where he served as the lead trial attorney that led Dan Caplis to pursue personal injury law. He wanted to help good people whose lives had been destroyed due to the fault of others.
The parent company is likely to own other assets, which can be badly performing. Spinoffs are typically the better performers. There are also other factors, for example certain big funds cannot invest in sectors like tobacco or defense and for conglomerates it makes sense to spin those assets off to attract a wider investor audience.
"Marketing, namely advertising (Facebook, Google ads, maybe magazines, etc.) Despite all the nice words about ""healthy, green, and socially responsible"", the business of this company (and many, many similar ones) is not ""providing information"". It's affiliate marketing - getting people to click through to retail sites and buy stuff, on which the company earns commissions (often they also get paid for registrations). In a very real sense, their product is customers. They sell paying customers to the retail sites, and before that, they basically have to buy ""raw customers"" through advertising. The times when you could rely on getting enough people to visit your website for free are largely over - there is too much competition for peoples' attention. They can only be profitable if they can get the raw customers cheap enough, and can convert enough of them to paying customers.  And this is really how it's talked about internally, in what is by now a highly organized industry: key performance measures are CPC (how much does it cost to get someone to come to your website), conversion rate (what percentage of visitors register) and ARPU (average revenue per user)."
"It's an interesting opinion piece. There seems to be little evidence that he provides to justify his claim.  His key points were:  ""While the president promised Guam's governor that tourism would go up ""tenfold"" because of media attention from his Twitter tirades about North Korea, the numbers tell a different tale. The war of words cost Guam's tourism industry $9.5 million last month. It appears vacationers would prefer to avoid possibly atomic attractions.""  He has a point, but  a lot of North Korea's rhetoric and launching of missiles have little to do with Trump. North Korea tested missiles before and that usually has an affect on neighboring areas a little. That situation, and indeed the entire North Korean can affect the US, and the world economy. That is a wait and see.    This is his second point:  ""This uncertainty creates costs. Consider the costs generated by demonizing the Muslim community alone. Muslim individuals, institutions, and governments control approximately $11.5 trillion in wealth. They continually consider whether to buy or sell American assets. To put it in terms that this administration might understand – these investors may now balk at buying luxury real estate that they might not be able to visit.""  This is all conjecture and I am sure some tourism is down because of what Trump has said. There might be some Muslim's who wont invest in this. So far there seems to have been little actual affect other than change of plans from Tourists. I don't see any long lasting affects though. Remember North Korea is negatively affecting all of Asia at this point. Furthermore Europe's growing anti Muslim sentiment and increasing number of terrorist attacks is going to dissuade some Muslim investors there as well. They  might have little option other than the US.  Economists have projected decent economic growth. While Trump's rhetoric is not helping, and honestly wish he would stop, I don't believe him talking on twitter is enough for the US to enter a recession.  It would take ending NAFTA or some other major economic disaster. The natural disasters will probably have more of a negative affect than Trump.  There are many factors that play in the US economy in general. The president can play a big part, but it would take a lot for his actions to enter a recession."
Might be good if you want to be a Business analysis. But from everything I have heard about a comp sci major it is almost useless for actually learning stuff  Edit: Seriously. Both of my friends are programmers and go on and on about how everyone who comes out of college with a comp sci major doesn't know shit about programming. They just know concepts. They are useless when it comes to actual work. Im not saying it's the worst thing but take some programming classes or just learning a language would put you light years beyond what a minor could do.
&gt;Despite sustained job growth and lower levels of employment, most Americans do not think the economy has improved  This is such bullshit and I'm tired of hearing it. The unemployment numbers are fixed. Everyone knows this yet the media loves to pretend it's not the case. It's becoming propaganda at this point.
As for point c if you believe that it is a requirement for companies to pay above welfare levels then campaign for that to become law.  Companies are required to act in shareholder interests which is what they do.  Your point a is about sales/profitability, unless you believe that employees working happier/better will have no effect on either. Also note that sales/profitability is generally measured as [productivity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Productivity).  If employees were more productive then Walmart would actually need fewer of them to maintain the same sales/profits. Do you seriously believe Walmart management is so stupid that they haven't worked out how to improve productivity?  It is also worth reading about what it is like to work at Walmart: [one](http://boingboing.net/2009/02/01/life-at-walmart.html) [two](http://jobs.aol.com/articles/2011/01/27/what-its-like-to-work-at-walmart/) [three](http://ask.metafilter.com/62133/Whats-it-like-to-work-at-WalMart)  I agree with you about trickle down economics, but I don't see why Walmart is somehow required to make it work, or any other companies for that matter.  Solve it at the political level.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker, that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own self-interest.  Why would I pay more for something when I have the opportunity to buy them for cheaper? Do you avoid wearing most clothing brands and stick with American Apparel and similar brands because they provide minimum wage jobs in the USA vs. China?
Your question is a bit confusing, you may wish to edit it to clarify the meaning. If we broke up or he stops paying, can I take the car back again? No. Just as if you sold me or the guy down the street your car you cannot just simply take it back.  Being someone's boyfriend does not grant special privileges to you or him.   Don't do this if you have not done so.  If you have try and get it undone.   It is unlikely that this is allowable as the bank will not simply allow you to transfer ownership if you have a loan. In the future, use cash (not loans) to buy your cars.
You're technically 'allowed' to do other investments with your Roth, but you get taken to the cleaners by the financial 'services' community who wants to take a slice.  Non-securities investments from a Roth typically require a 'custodian' or other intermediary to handle your investment, e.g. buying silver coins and paying someone else to hold them. Buy these with cash and hold them yourself, assuming you trust yourself more than some stranger.
"No, you do not need an OCI card to continue to have an NRE or NRO account. You are now classified as a PIO -- Person of Indian Origin -- (and you don't need to have a PIO card issued by the Government of India to prove it) and are entitled to use NRE and NRO accounts just as you were when you were a NRI (NonResident Indian).  But, you should inform the banks where you have NRE and NRO accounts that you have changed citizenship, and they may need to go through their KYC (Know Your Customer) process with you all over again.  If you don't get an OCI Card, you will need to have an Indian visa stamped into your new US passport to visit India, and please do remember to send your Indian passport to the nearest Indian Consulate for cancellation. Keep the surrender certificate and cancelled passport in your safe deposit box forever; your grandchildren will need it to get visas to visit India. (My granddaughter just did). If you do get an OCI Card, you will need to have an OCI stamp put into your new US passport, and when you renew your US passport, you will need to get the new one stamped too (and pay the fee for that, of course). You cannot enter India with just an OCI Card and a US passport without the OCI stamp in it; that stamp is vital. If you move from one residential address in the US to another,  you will need to  get a new OCI Card issued because, unlike the US ""green card"", the OCI card has your residential address on it. Once again, a fee is involved.  All these processes take many weeks because the whole paperwork has to go to the Ministry of External Affairs in New Delhi, and meanwhile, your passport is not available to you for a trip to Europe or Japan or Taiwan or China if you need to go there on business (or for pleasure)."
"In addition to the other answers it's also noteworthy that the stock exchanges themselves adjust the price quotes via their ex-div mechanism.  All limit orders present in the book when the stock goes ex-div will be adjusted by the dividend. Which means you can't even get ""accidentally"" filled in the very unlikely case that everyone forgot to adjust their quotes."
I don't buy a Blackberry because it's archaic. Same reason I don't buy a Nokia.   Phones are 90% image and 10% functionality for some stupid reason. It's always been that way ever since the first car phones came out. Blackberry definitely fell out of touch with the market. It's all big touch screens, sharper pixels, and inane apps now. I don't think anybody really uses their phone for, you know, phoning.
Now sweetums . .its the Fed that buys US treasuries to keep the Yield down  . . .wait but how can that be?  How can the Fed be the biggest holder of US treasuries . . .that would be like sucking your own dick . . .but hey . .its good for the economy  Its a good thing we have bred fucking Morons or the dollar might go into hyper inflation if Americans knew how to add
Because they receive compensation (generally interest + dividends) for loaning out the shares. I own an asset X.   Somebody else wants to borrow asset X for some time period.   I agree to loan them asset X in return for some form of compensation (generally a rate of interest plus, in this specific case, any dividend payments).  The reasons why I own asset X, and why they want to borrow asset X are irrelevant to the transaction. The only relevant points are the amount of compensation and the risk that they might default on the loan. This applies equally well to shares as to money or any other kind of loan-able asset.
The customer has the choice of picking their coveted essay author for the culmination of scholarly papers, essays and research projects. Our custom written work services concentrate on delivering the best outcomes for understudies through improving their essay mba assignment writing service with a specific end goal to accomplish speedier instructive process.
Options reflect expectations about the underlying asset, and options are commonly priced using the Black-Scholes model:  N(d1) and N(d2) are probability functions, S is the spot (current) price of the asset, K is the strike price, r is the risk free rate, and T-t represents time to maturity.  Without getting into the mathematics, it suffices to say that higher volatility or expectation of volatility increases the perceived riskiness of the asset, so call options are priced lower  and put options are priced higher. Think about it intuitively. If the stock is more likely to go downwards, then there's an increased chance that the call option expires worthless, so call options must be priced lower to accommodate the relative change in expected value of the option.  Puts are priced similarly, but they move inversely with respect to call option prices due to Put-Call parity. So if call option prices are falling, then put option prices are rising (Note, however, that call prices falling does not cause put prices to rise. The inverse relationship exists because of changes in the underlying factors and how pricing works.) So the option action signifies that the market believes the stock is headed lower (in the given time frame). That does not mean it will go lower, and option traders assume risk whenever they take a particular position. Bottom line: gotta do your own homework! Best of luck.
I've changed jobs several times and I chose to rollover my 401k from the previous employer into an IRA instead of the new employer's 401k plan.  The biggest reason not to rollover the 401k into the new employer's 401k plan was due to the limited investments offered by 401k plans.  I found it better to roll the 401k into an IRA where I can invest in any stock or fund.
"First: do you understand why it dropped? Was it overvalued before, or is this an overreaction to some piece of news about them, or about their industry, or...? Arguably, if you can't answer that, you aren't paying enough attention to have been betting on that individual stock. Assuming you do understand why this price swing occurred -- or if you're convinced you know better than the folks who sold at that price -- do you believe the stock will recover a significant part of its value any time soon, or at least show a nice rate of growth from where it is now? If so, you might want to hold onto it, risking further losses against the chance of recovering part or all of what is -- at this moment -- only a loss on paper. Basically: if, having just seen it drop, you'd still consider buying it at the new price you should ""buy it from yourself"" and go on from here. That way at least you aren't doing exactly what you hope to avoid, buying high and selling low. Heck, if you really believe in the stock, you could see this as a buying opportunity... On the other hand, if you do not believe you would buy it now at its new price, and if you see an alternative which will grow more rapidly, you should take your losses and move your money to that other stock. Or split the difference if you aren't sure which is better but can figure out approximately how unsure you are. The question is how you move on from here, more than how you got here. What happened happened. What do you think will happen next, and how much are you willing to bet on it? On the gripping hand: This is part of how the market operates. Risk and potential reward tend to be pretty closely tied to each other. You can reduce risk by diversifying across multiple investments so no one company/sector/market can hurt you too badly --- and almost anyone sane will tell you that you should diversify -- but that means giving up some of the chance for big winnings too. You probably want to be cautious with most of your money and go for the longer odds only with a small portion that you can afford to lose on. If this is really stressing you out, you may not want to play with individual stocks. Mutual funds have some volatility too, but they're inherently diversified to a greater or lesser extent. They will rarely delight you, but they won't usually slap you this way either."
"&gt;You are starting from false premises built on politically driven economic theories. The reality does not square with anything that you just wrote.   I like to see the historical evidence (statistical, not anecdotal) for that.   I'll provide a good starting point for you: [list of recessions in the United States](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_recessions_in_the_United_States). A quote ""The National Bureau of Economic Research dates recessions on a monthly basis back to 1854; according to their chronology, from 1854 to 1919, there were 16 cycles. The average recession lasted 22 months, and the average expansion 27. From 1919 to 1945, there were six cycles; recessions lasted an average 18 months and expansions for 35. From 1945 to 2001, and 10 cycles, recessions lasted an average 10 months and expansions an average of 57 months. **This has prompted some economists to declare that the business cycle has become less severe. Factors that may have contributed to this moderation include the creation of a central bank and lender of last resort, like the Federal Reserve System in 1913**, the establishment of deposit insurance in the form of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1933, increased regulation of the banking sector, the adoption of interventionist Keynesian economics, and the increase in automatic stabilizers in the form of government programs (unemployment insurance, social security, and later Medicare and Medicaid). ""  In fact, the US at the time wanted to get away from the destructive boom and bust cycles that were destroying the economy, so went to Europe to find out how come they had significantly less disruptive cycles, and learned that the notion of a central bank was very useful to smooth out cycles.  Also read about [The Great Moderation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Moderation). One of the causes is listed as ""Greater central bank independence, in which the Fed balanced money supply more closely with demand"". How do you propose that the money supply in an economy should be *matched* with economic growth and contractions? Letting be independent is a proven recipe for more harm than *trying* to match them.   All sourced with ample data.  Now you can try and argue that the Fed is not necessary, but then you'll have to explain the vast difference in boom/bust cycles seen in virtually every economy that has adopted an independent central bank that has followed reasonble monetary policy. That means covering hundreds of examples. Good luck.  This is not driven by economic theories. This is historical fact. Ignoring it and similar evidence from hundreds of years over dozens of countries and economies is ignorant.  &gt;Fiat money and fractional reserve banking guarantee monetary collapse  More non-fiat economies crashed than fiat economies. Like pretty much every historical economy up to modern times. The majority of economies that have not crashed are fiat, so it seems you have not actually tried listing all the various economies and counted them.  &gt;The idea that economics is hard science is ridiculous.  No one claimed that. You're arguing against a strawman and repeating whatever phrases you think go here.  &gt;In a smallish closed or partially closed system, formulas and equations can determine probable outcomes, in the infinitely complex economy of the modern world, the very idea that you can predict anything beyond general directions is absurd  No one claimed that either. However the entire universe is a pretty complex system, and plenty of long term predictions are probably very accurate.  &gt;And the general directions are not understandable without considering the human motivations that drive each of the billions of sentient actors involved.   Also irrelevant, since no one is claiming we need that."
I am an instructor who teaches Financial Modeling courses to investment bankers in NYC. Looking at the model, I do not see anything wrong with it. There are just too many assumptions. I would rather use the Multiple Value for the Terminal Value calculation, but, it will not make any significant differences. Some more thoughts :  a) The author has used text book method for valuation, but, everyone improvises the text book method, hence, subjective evaluations.   b) Oil and Gas valuation is quite a deep subject and every time we create models, industry experts come and big time change the inputs. We have no indication that the model is tested by industry experts (O&amp;G Operations experts)  c) For matured companies like ARAMCO, I would prefer the DCF model as used and then parb (adjust) using comparables. I do not see that it has been done in the model.  d) In some cases, investment experts would rather use 3 stage DCF model (5 years, next 10 years, next 20 years or so). It makes the model pretty complex, but, provides more accuracy.  e) The revenue taken in the calculation is flat, instead, he should have taken the data from past 10 years and modeled the fluctuations.   f) One of the biggest challenges we have faced in this sector is the accounting method full cost of successful effort. High CAPEX only occurs in one of the methods and depending on the company's maturity level, people may use different methods. More on this method in this link -http://www.investopedia.com/articles/fundamental-analysis/08/oil-gas.asp  I am at wits to understand how the value will be more than 1 Trillion dollars in any case.
I can't imagine any scenario under which this wouldn't be a scam, and frankly I'm a bit surprised to be talking about it once again.   Any time someone you don't know and who doesn't know you wants to give you money for no good reason and asks you to provide personal information and bank info, there should be enough alarms going off for a five-alarm fire. Worse still this guy wants you to send half the money back to him.  One simple question: WHY???  For what reason would they want you to send anything back?  Why not just send you the money he wants you to have and keep the rest for himself? For heaven's sake, don't fall for this.  Stay away from the whole mess and save yourself a bunch of grief.
You won't know what the exchange rate will be when you convert AUD back to USD when you eventually want to spend your money unless you hedge. the movement in fx rates could easily outweigh any benefit received from higher interest.  As far as i am aware the way the hedge is constructed you will lose any benefit from foreign interest.  That being said, the 'Carry Trade' is big business. There are plenty of people that borrow yen to invest in AUD.
If your goal is to simply save money on shaving supplies, there are easier ways to do so.  If you are buying the latest Gillette multi-blade razor cartridge, then yes, you are spending a lot of money on razor blades. Consider switching to an old-fashioned double-edge safety razor.  Pick up a nice razor for $20 - $50 (I like my Merkur HD), then buy the blades for cheap.  I buy a 2 year supply of double-edge blades for less than $20. If you really want to turn in your man card and get your facial hair permanently removed, then it is really easy to calculate the payback time.  Just figure out what you are spending in razor blades, get a quote for lasering your face off, and compare.  If you are paying $10 a year for blades like I am, the payback time is going to be long. One more thought: remember, permanent means permanent.  This is comparable to a tattoo, except tattoos are easier to reverse.   Others have noted that the procedure isn't really permanent. What I understand from reading (I don't have firsthand experience) is that it is temporary in the sense that you will eventually need to start shaving again, but permanent in the sense that you will never be able to grow a proper beard again, if you wish. Basically, it is the worst of both worlds: it won't accomplish your goal of not having to shave anymore, but will make permanent changes to your face. The fact that you will need to shave again, even if only occasionally, affects your payback time calculation.
Believe it or not, what they're asking you is not as unusual as you might think.  Our company sells a tremendous amount of expensive merchandise over the Internet, and whenever there's something odd or suspicious about the transaction, we may ask the customer to provide a picture of the card simply to prove they have physical possession of it.  This is more reassurance to us (to the extent that's possible) that the customer isn't using a stolen card number to order stuff.   It doesn't help too much, but if the charge is disputed, at least we have something to show we made reasonable efforts to verify the ownership of the card.   I think it's pretty thin, but that's what my employer does.
We provide all types of gold, silver and diamond jewelry in the world through the web.Our products are some of the most glorious and contemporaneous pieces of jewelry. We have best-personalized jewelry and necklace categories such as name necklaces, Gold heart necklace, personalized gold necklace and much more. For any information about the necklaces, you can visit our website. There, are you will get more than 4000 jewelry with different and unique design.
Well, judging by the guys at my local BK's they're using the microwave way more than they should be.  I mean, it's one thing to quote policy, it's another when I watch the dude take my burger out of the tray and pop it in the nuker like it's nothing.
A CPA or Enrolled Agent can be helpful, especially if you have a complicated situation such as owning your own business. The people at a lot of tax-prep places don't have many qualifications (they are not accountants or enrolled agents or certified financial planners or anything else). They are just trained to enter stuff into the computer. In that case, you can measure their value according to how much you prefer talking to typing. But don't expect them to get it right if your taxes involve any judgment calls or tricky stuff. I think a good strategy is to try TurboTax (or whatever program) and if you get stuck on any of the questions, find a pro to help.
"LOL!!!! You want nucelar weapons at the hands of ""Palestinians"" or even Muslims/Arabs.  Sure. Hamas, the terrorist organization, will be great with nuclear weopons.  (Did you forget to take some pills today?)  All Arabs countries, all(!) of them, are not worried that Israel have nucelar weopons. Actually, they are glad about it because Israel will take of Iran for them."
"A lower price is likely to be slightly more attractive to sellers than paying an equivalent amount in closing costs. The seller is going to be paying the realtor(s) commission on the higher ""sale"" price and will net slightly less money. It is common in my experience to ask for closing costs.  The generic answer for your questions about how it is spent depends on the bank and type of loan. In general you will not be able to walk away with the cash if closing costs are less than the concession but they can be applied to funding escrow and points transfer fees etc.. There is the potential to lose the concession if there aren't sufficient closing costs. I am fairly certain that there isn't any tax differences between the two in the US."
I do. Women got to pin pictures of their dream things to ooo and ahhh with over the internet. It mimics the way they communicate in real life. If they could somehow figure out how to do e-mimosa's it would be unstoppable.
An Indian citizen who is not a resident of India (an NRI) or a Person of Indian Origin (a PIO) is not permitted to sell or gift immovable property in India (real property for US readers) to another NRI or PIO; the property must be sold or gifted to a resident of India.  So, assuming that the property in question is in India, you cannot sell it to your NRI friend.
Remember that prices refer to discrete events in the market - trades - it is easily possible that the highest price for a trade in the next period is lower than the highest price in the current one as someone in the current period may be willing to pay more in this period than anyone in the next. The ending price of a period is also determined this way; it is the last price that someone was willing to pay in this period not the first price that someone will pay in the next period. Why? because the last price in this period is not in the next period by definition! edit: added something on illiquid stocks Illiquid stocks may have intraday gaps in the sequence of candlesticks where no trading occurred. Below is one such chart for 1pm plc.(OPM.L) a UK based leasing company (thanks to Yahoo finance for this):
Start with Options, Futures and Other Derivatives by John Hull.
It just states that the price doesn't justify the valuation which is not a factual statement. Also this is based on someones opinion of the companies P/E. The P/E was published and public information and idiots on both the buy and sell side jumped in.   The article does not make a factual claim about Fraud (cooking the books), Francine McKenna speculates that management  and auditors cooked the books.
Ha I'll probably be down voted with this too but, I guess we have a bunch of selfish capitalists in here.  Yes, in our current system that situation is luck.  No doubt you and your father worked hard to get you where you are today, but there are others working just as hard that wont be as lucky.  Your father had a fairly stable career, being an officer.  What if you were born to a single mother?  Maybe a family that was split apart when the father's job was outsourced?  Maybe you were born into a bad neighborhood with crappy schools?  How would your current plan have turned out?  Yeah, investing isn't like a casino, but there is risk involved.   I know about index funds, but as you know a lot of the market has to do with timing.  Tell the poor guy who was 65 in 2008 and wanted to retired how that whole index fund investment worked out.  Society create a situation for you where you could succeed.  We, the tax payers, paid for your fathers career.  Your schooling was partially made possible by the government.  The government also supports the legal system so you can invest your capital in the first place, and the infrastructure for those companies to succeed.  If you want to retire at 35 that's great,  however if you are advocated for less taxes in order to do that you are robbing others of a chance to realize their own dreams.
"First, PLEASE, I asked before and I think it's very important for you to think and answer this question: is there a chance that Susan is a great person as you claim she is, and this whole incident is due some incompetent idiot IT experts working for her?  If you answer that question, correctly, you will understand everything about the whole story.  &gt;&gt; Susan is no good?  &gt;She made a grave mistake. Can't speak to the totality of her career based on this one incident.  One mistake? Do you really, really, think that one mistake, one, would lead to the biggest breach in world history? Do you know that the breach actually happened in May, continued until August, and reported in Sept? What about her ""great talent"" as shown in interview? Do you think with that ""talent"", she may have made more than one mistake in regards to security?  It was even a mistake to get interviewed if you know you know nothing about security.  Look, I know that you really really really want to believe Susan is a good person, but she's far far from this.  &gt;&gt;Got her job in a corrupt way?  &gt; No public information sources I've seen support such an allegation.  I have told you that in all her previous jobs, she was a vice president or ""Senior director of"", going back to HP. See it [here](https://www.boardroominsiders.com/executive-profiles/1006308/Equifax,-Inc./Susan-Mauldin).  So, try to just think, without any bias: what are the chances that a Music major will have such a meteoric START and rise in the the corporate world in unrelated areas to her studies?  C'mon! You never heard or experienced people getting positions or getting promoted not base on merit?  &gt;&gt; her degrees show she was not born interested in security (except for fat pay checks)?  &gt; Her degree shows that in her youth she was more interested in music; her career history, on the other hand, demonstrates an interest in security. Alleging that her interest was solely based on pay is pure speculation.  Her meteoric rise in the corporate level, which started in HP in Auditing, and not security, is showing her main interest is in fat pay checks and power.  C'mon! You never heard or experienced greedy clueless managers that are only about getting paid and destroy anyone on the way to a higher pay?   &gt;&gt;people with IT degrees are more a match, suitable and qualified for security jobs, especially when they have specific on-hand experience?  &gt; People with specific, recent experience (Susan had 14 years), are more qualified than people with an outdated IT degree. Between two people with identical experience, the IT degree might help tip the scales. Still, her role was administrative, not hands-on, so specific technical skill sets are less important than management skills for this role.  Susan has no hands-on experience, talent or knowledge. Security is not a joke. Security is a professional extremely important requirement that cannot be managed or overseen by clowns.  &gt;&gt;HR does not care about employees?  &gt; Good HR does.  ... which is very rare. Advise to you: don't even try to assume that HR is on your side or other employees, until you actually see proof and examples for that.  &gt;&gt;real experts have to fight HR and terrible management... and usually lose because of this whole corrupt setup?  &gt; Real security experts are not often also experts in HR and management,  I see an unsubstantiated bias and claims against certain people. Are you sure that ""nerds"" like Bill Gates, Elon Mask and others have no chance to be good with HR or ""management""?  &gt; so aren't qualified to judge qualifications or actions of taken in those contexts as they are unlikely to have a clear view of the overall situation. Claiming that the HR and management setup is systemically corrupt is a specious claim.  Yes, you do have claims... and probably your claims are shared by some Equifax top managers...  **SUMMARY: do you know that, most likely, Equifax will file for bankruptcy? I am giving it 98% chance. Susan killed that company!**  So you need to be more serious about this incident, what are the requirements for this job, and how corporation should handle certain areas and the people who should lead those areas."
"Well, stay in ignorance then and ""trust"" the official sources and listen to the ""official story line"" all you want -- just don't call it ""science"" because it's not, it's *politics*. (I mean they would never LIE to you would they? Saddam MUST have had WMD somewhere... etc.)  What you are neglecting is that most of those ""Official PhD sources"" are engaged in ""cover the asses"" of their own industries &amp; professions.  And there are plenty MD's and PhD's who have testified to the source problem -- plenty of well-documented KNOWN incidences of resistant strains long before antibiotics were used in animal feed -- the official orgs are just in a combination of poltical denial, CYA, and shift-the-blame mode.  Do you seriously think that antibiotic resistant bacteria ([which pre-existed the use of antibiotics in animal feed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antibiotic_resistance#Causes) -- and especially [MRSA (circa 1961)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methicillin-resistant_Staphylococcus_aureus#History)) were somehow *caused* by using antibiotics in animal feed?  What did the cows do, jump back a couple of decades with a cows-only time-machine and infect humans?  I mean, get real already.  The BS about people being infected with MRSA by cows is far beyond being dubious, it is simply historically false and virtually impossible (if anything it has to have been the other way around because MRSA was found in humans {hospitals} first... the same with VRSA and VRE -- they were all *iatrogenic* -- DOCTOR-bred)."
"Thanks!  I came across many books on credit risk in my google searches - what I'm really looking for is which one is the ""industry standard"" reading (does that make sense?). For example, in derivatives, everybody recommends John C. Hull's Options... book. Why of all the CRM books, do you recommend those three in particular?"
tl;dr: Be patient, money is probably sitting somewhere, and it will eventually be credited back to your account. I had a similar problem about 10 years ago.  I sent an international wire transfer, from my own bank account in Germany to my bank account in Central America. I had done this before, and there had been no issues, but in this case, even though all the information was correct, the bank rejected the wire because it was above $10K, and in that case, the bank needs written proof from the owner of the receiving account (me) , and so didn't know where the funds were coming from. I had to call the local Sparkasse bank in Germany, as well as an intermediary bank in London to sort it all out, and in total, had to wait about 3-4 weeks to get the money back in my Sparkasse bank account.  At one point I thought I may never see that money back, especially since there was an intermediary bank to deal with, but it all worked out in the end.
With the S&amp;P 500's cyclically adjusted price to earnings ratio above 26 and inching closer to 30 everyday I would be inclined to disagree. Also price trends and technical indicators say nothing about over and undervaluation. If fact technical indicators are worthless in the real world.
You have two different operations going on: They each have of a set of rules regarding amounts, timelines, taxes, and penalties. The excess money can't be recharacterized except during a specific window of time.  I would see a tax professional to work through all the details.
Save what you can. Due to compounding of interest, saving early is much more advantageous than saving the same amount later. Obviously you need money to live on, and you're entitled to spend some money on entertainment -- but set a budget on that and stick to that budget. Buying toys now deprives you of better toys later.  You aren't saving for an uncertain future; you are saving for a certain future!
"I read Rich Dad, Poor Dad and I must say, found a lot of value in it.  And I like to think I have a very good understanding of finance - both personal and corporate.  Econ major, have worked at several major brokerages dispensing financial advice for a living, including at my current employer.  But I do remember, back in 2005, when I read Kiyosaki's book, signing up to be contacted by a ""Rich Dad Coach"" - or something like that.  Basically, some guy at the Rich Dad company who would be a financial mentor or sorts.    Long story short, the Rich Dad Coach asked for my credit score, which was high, and proceeded to recommend that I max out my credit to buy a house to flip in ""1-2 months.""  Now, it's true that it could have worked.  But was it good advice?  Fucking hell no it wasn't.  And I think he wanted 5k to coach me through the process.  I could have made money doing it, even with paying him 5k, but SPECULATING by taking out personal lines of credit is not consistent with anything in the Rich Dad book.  Showed me right there that while the book's advice may be good, that organization was just out to make a buck at the readers' expense."
The answer provide by @mbhunter is correct, however there are contexts, shorting in spot market and carrying the position over settlement usually does not entail payment of dividend to the broker, one of the reason being post ex-date the price of the share downward adjusts to the extent of the dividend, so practically if you have shorted at 100 and post ex-date (assuming a dividend of 2 and no movement of the stock price), the price would slide to 98, the party who longed the stock @ 100 now is sitting on a price of 98 and received a dividend of 2 which equates to 100. The above is also contextual to the law of the country governing the exchange and the security exchange board regulations.
Aside from the fact that there are massive problems with taxes, liability, fiduciary responsibility, and (assuming you're accepting any sort of compensation at all) licensing. The mere fact that you're asking this question indicates that you're probably not suitably qualified to handle this for others. Why not have someone qualified handle this?
The first thing I assess when looking at new credit cards is whether it has no annual fee, the second thing I look at is how long the interest free period is. I always pay my credit card off in full just before the due date. Any rewards program is a bonus. My main credit card is with CBA, I have a credit limit of $20K and pay no annual fee. I get a bonus point for every $ I spend on it, for which I exchange for store gift cards to help with my everyday spending. Approximately 3500 point would get me a $25 gift card. But my main reward with the card is the interest I save by keeping my own money in a Home Loan Offset account whilst I spend with the Bank's money. Then I pay the full amount off by the due date so I do not pay any interest on the credit card. I only use my credit cards for purchases I would usually make anyway and to pay bills, so my spending would be the same with or without a credit card. I can usually save over $500 each year off my Home Loan interest and get about $350 worth of gift cards each year. If I didn't have any Home Loans then I would keep my money in a high interest depost account so I would be increasing my interest payments each year. Sure you can probably get credit cards with more generous rewards programs, but how much are you paying each year in annual fees, and if you don't have an interest free period and you don't pay off all the amount due each month how much are you paying in interest on the card? This is what you need to way up when looking at rewards programs on offer. Nothing is for free, well almost nothing !
In short: yes, as long as you have Internet access. See, for example this question or this one about opening a brokerage account from outside the US.  Your sister could even open an account here in the US and provide you with access. However, I'm guessing you're not a registered or even formally trained financial advisor and if you make bets with her money that don't work out well, she could get pretty upset with you.   You might consider doing research from Bangladesh on good financial advisors and picking one (or a few) to recommend she go see in the US.  EDIT: OP hopes to be a financial advisor in the future. Given that comment, I'd recommend looking into becoming a Certified Financial Planner (unless CFA suits your goals; you indicated that process is already underway), as a step towards that goal.  Information about the certification in the US is here, in India here, and in some other countries here.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-prison-costs-20170604-htmlstory.html) reduced by 75%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The cost of imprisoning each of California&amp;#039;s 130,000 inmates is expected to reach a record $75,560 in the next year.  &gt; Gov. Jerry Brown&amp;#039;s spending plan for the fiscal year that starts July 1 includes a record $11.4 billion for the corrections department while also predicting that there will be 11,500 fewer inmates in four years because voters in November approved earlier releases for many inmates.  &gt; Since 2015, California&amp;#039;s per-inmate costs have surged nearly $10,000, or about 13%. New York is a distant second in overall costs at about $69,000.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6sg0yg/til_that_housing_a_prisoner_in_california_now/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~186368 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **inmate**^#1 **cost**^#2 **prison**^#3 **California**^#4 **population**^#5"
like any share, valuing facebook requires a projection of earnings and earnings growth to arrive at a present value for the right to share in these future earnings.   there are economic arguments to be had for facebook to see either a negative or positive future long term net income growth. given the uncertainty we can establish a very rough baseline value by treating it as a perpetuity (zero growth) discounted at historical equity growth rate (8%) with some very simple math. An annual net income of 900 million discounted at 8 percent in perpetuity is worth 11.25 Billion.  Now, take into account the fact that tech stocks trade at an inflated PE multiple of around 3 times that of a mature company in an established industry (PE x10-20 for average stocks and anywhere between x30-60+ for tech stocks), and I would expect the market cap for this perpetuity to be around 34 Billion.  A market cap of 34 billion is a share value of around 15.5, which is the point where I would take up a long position with fair confidence. I do think that the share deserves a premium for potential income growth (despite the current and potential future revenue losses) simply due to the incredibly large user base and the potential to monetize this. Of course, it wasn't worth the 22 dollar premium that IPO buyers paid but its worth something.  I think there is simply too much uncertainty for me to go long in the next 6 months unless it hits 15/share which may never happen. If the company can monetize mobile and show quarterly results in the next year I would consider a long position for anywhere from 15-20 a share.
Less than 1/5th of the country. Narrowing down the demographics based on margins it was rural, uneducated, 45-64 year old white guys who weren't bothered by Trump sexually harassing women that really got him the vote [according to the exit polls.](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/elections/2016/exit-polls)
The Trump tax plan is strongly modeled on the Kansas's Republican Governor's tax plan.  Given that it was fairly radical in size (corporate tax rate to zero), and eventually it was repealed by the Republican Kansas legislature, I think folks should look at some of the research on [the great Kansas tax cut experiment](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/unpacked/2017/07/11/the-kansas-tax-cut-experiment/).  PS: Trump's current tax plan is pretty different than the tax plan he campaigned on and talked about in his standard stump speech which was pretty populist and not shocking, i.e. a broad middle class tax cut vs. the current plan which is geared primarily to benefit the rich and corporations.
Most commodities offer something of value inherent in itself. The bitcoin does not. If people don't trust or want to use bitcoin as a currency, bitcoin is useless. If people don't like or trust coffee beans anymore, you can still make a cup of coffee with them.
I go to a brewpub if I want a good steak.  And I can get beer that was brewed in house.  If I want good wings or burger I go to a real bar. If I want good ribs I go to a BBQ place. They are only roughly 15% more expensive than Applebees and Fridays anymore and the quality far exceeds the price difference.
&gt;The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) does not define full-time employment or part-time employment. This is a matter generally to be determined by the employer. Whether an employee is considered full-time or part-time does not change the application of the FLSA, nor does it affect application of the Service Contract Act or Davis-Bacon and Related Acts wage and fringe benefit requirements.  http://www.dol.gov/dol/topic/workhours/full-time.htm#.UI4A4MXR4bI
Would you buy this used car, in its current condition but with new tires, for the price of the tires? If so, buy the tires.
There are two Questions: Financial institutions do not care about your nationality, only your ability to pay over time. For long term debt the lender will want assurances that the borrower has the ability and means to pay the debt over time. A legal resident in the US should have no more difficulty obtaining financing than a citizen under similar life circumstances. The Lender is also under legal obligation to confirm that the borrower is who they say they are, will have the ability to pay over time AND have no malicious intent in the purchase. Persons who do not have legal status in the US, AND who do not have the means to pay for property outright will have difficulty obtaining financing as they will have trouble establishing the requirements of the Lender. This is simple math, a lender will be reluctant to lend to any person who is more likely to have difficulty paying the obligation than another. In your case Your father would be an unlikely candidate for a mortgage because he cannot establish his legal status nor can he guarantee that he will have the legal right to earn a means to pay the loan back. This puts the lender at risk both of losing the money lent AND losing the right to repossess the property if the borrower doesn't pay.  Despite all of the obstacles I have indicated above, it is still possible for your father to purchase property legally, but the risk and the cost go way up for him as a borrower. There may be sellers willing to finance property over time, but your father's status puts him at a disadvantage if the seller is not honest.  There may be community coalitions which can help you work through the challenges of property ownership. Please see these related articles
"Also, in the next sentence, what is buyers commission? Is it referring to the share holder? Or potential share holder? And why does the buyer get commission?  The buyer doesn't get a commission.  The buyer pays a commission.  So normally a buyer would say, ""I want to buy a hundred shares at $20.""  The broker would then charge the buyer a commission.  Assuming 4%, the commission would be  So the total cost to the buyer is $2080 and the seller receives $2000.  The buyer paid a commission of $80 as the buyer's commission.   In the case of an IPO, the seller often pays the commission.  So the buyer might pay $2000 for a hundred shares which have a 7% commission.  The brokering agent (or agents may share) pockets a commission of $140.  Total paid to the seller is $1860.   Some might argue that the buyer pays either way, as the seller receives money in the transaction.  That's a reasonable outlook.  A better way to say this might be that typical trades bill the buyer directly for commission while IPO purchases bill the seller.  In the typical trade, the buyer negotiates the commission with the broker.  In an IPO, the seller does (with the underwriter).   Another issue with an IPO is that there are more parties getting commission than just one.  As a general rule, you still call your broker to purchase the stock.  The broker still expects a commission.  But the IPO underwriter also expects a commission.  So the 7% commission might be split between the IPO underwriter (works for the selling company) and the broker (works for the buyer).   The broker has more work to do than normal.  They have to put in the buyer's purchase request and manage the price negotiation.  In most purchases, you just say something like ""I want to offer $20 a share"" or ""I want to purchase at the market price.""  In an IPO, they may increase the price, asking for $25 a share.  And they may do that multiple times.  Your broker has to come back to you each time and get a new authorization at the higher price.  And you still might not get the number of shares that you requested.   Beyond all this, you may still be better off buying an IPO than waiting until the next day.  Sure, you pay more commission, but you also may be buying at a lower price.  If the IPO price is $20 but the price climbs to $30, you would have been better off paying the IPO price even with the higher commission.  However, if the IPO price is $20 and the price falls to $19.20, you'd be better off buying at $19.20 after the IPO.  Even though in that case, you'd pay the 4% commission on top of the $19.20, so about $19.97.   I think that the overall point of the passage is that the IPO underwriter makes the most money by convincing you to pay as high an IPO price as possible.  And once they do that, they're out of the picture.  Your broker will still be your broker later.  So the IPO underwriter has a lot of incentive to encourage you to participate in the IPO instead of waiting until the next day.  The broker doesn't care much either way.  They want you to buy and sell something.  The IPO or something else.  They don't care much as to what.   The underwriter may overprice the stock, as that maximizes their return.  If they can convince enough people to overpay, they don't care that the stock falls the day after that.  All their marketing effort is to try to achieve that result.  They want you to believe that your $20 purchase will go up to $30 the next day.  But it might not.   These numbers may not be accurate.  Obviously the $20 stock price is made up.  But the 4% and 7% numbers may also be inaccurate.  Modern online brokers are very competitive and may charge a flat fee rather than a percentage.  The book may be giving you older numbers that were correct in 1983 (or whatever year).  The buyer's commission could also be lower than 4%, as the seller also may be charged a commission.  If each pays 2%, that's about 4% total but split between a buyer's commission and a seller's commission."
not really.  drinking a single beer is not the same level of intoxication as smoking a single joint.  source:  i have done both many times ;D  not sure where maturity comes into it.  perhaps you are young and consider that to be some kind of trump card.
"&gt;You can do it by downloading the kindle file directly from the Amazon site which I think is the generic version  Na, mine was signed for my very own kindle, even though it was set to ""Download to computer."" They must use the kindles serial number I had to type in when I registered.  Why aren't you using your kindle no more?!"
POS stands for Point of Sale (like a specific store location) which indicates that the purchase occurred by using your debit card, but it can also be the on-line transaction done via 3-D Secure. Checking with bank, they said that Kirchstrasse transaction could be related to direct marketing subscription service ordered on-line. Investigating further what I've found these kind of transactions are performed by 2BuySafe company registered at Kirchstrasse in Liechtenstein with went through the MultiCards on-line cashier which can be used for paying different variety of services (e.g. in this case it was polish on-line storage service called Chomikuj). These kind of transactions can be tracked by checking the e-mail (e.g. in gmail by the following query: after:2014/09/02 before:2014/09/02 Order). Remember, that if you still don't recognise your transaction, you should call your bank. I have found also some other people concerns about that kind of transactions who ask: Is 2BuySafe.com and www.multicards.com some sort of Scam? Provided answer says: MultiCards Internet Billing is a provider of online credit card and   debit card processing and payment solutions to many retailers   worldwide. MultiCards was one of the pioneer companies offering this   type of service since 1995 and is a PCI / DSS certified Internet   Payment Service Provider (IPSP) providing service to hundreds of   retail websites worldwide  MultiCards is a registered Internet Payment   Service Provider and has implemented various fraud protection tools   including, but not limited to, MultiCards Fraud Score Tool and   'Verified by Visa' and 'MasterCard SecureCode' to protect card   holder's card details.  2BuySafe.com Is also Secured and Verified By   GeoTrust  The certificate should be trusted by all major web browsers   (all the correct intermediate certificates are installed). The certificate was issued by GeoTrust.  Entering Incorrect information can lead to a card being rejected as @   TOS  2BuySafe.com is hosted on the Multicards Server site
You must not have been listening very hard. Obviously the Republican cheerleaders were quiet, but that's not the entirety of the opposition to high spending.  Similarly, anti war protestors were awfully quiet while Obama was in office.   This sort of things should s who has principles, and who is a party shill.
During the course of the year, the S&P individual stocks will have some dividends. Not every last stock but a good number of them. Enough that the average dividend for the S&P has been about 2% recently.  So if the S&P index goes up, say 10%, an S&P fund should go up closer to 12%. For a fund holder, you'd normally see a declared dividend and cap gain distribution toward the end of each year. When you hold shares in a 401(k), dividends are reinvested into the fund, usually with no involvement from the members.
Citizens Advice can tell you whether it would be possible / worth taking it to Small Claims Court or not, and how to phrase your claim if so.  If you do go to Small Claims Court, you don't need legal representation. I would think of Citizens Advice as a kind of triage as to whether you need to seek legal advice or not.
The example you give would clearly be illegal, and so unenforceable in court.  If a contract contains a clause which is deemed legal but so unreasonable (completely unfair) it is unenforceable by the court, then the court can replace that cause with a more reasonable clause.  I think it would be a fairly expensive (and likely losing) argument to convince a court that this particular contract was unfair,  but if you did it would probably mean only a change in the penalty clause to make it 'reasonable'.
&gt; The alternative is to do nothing.  Well, what many people do not realize is that even if all man made CO2 magically ceased to be created that the climate would still change. Climates change, always.  So, you think that something that accounts for .04% of the atmosphere is the key to humanity's survival on the planet, really?  The market will reduce CO2 production as it already has (the only reason that the US is in line with the Kyoto protocols as it was not ratified by the Senate). As prices lower, you will see cleaner sources of energy (i.e. solar) become more and more prevalent.  Ironically, poor people (through burning of wood for heat and to cook with) actually have a much greater impact on CO2 levels than to rich people. Go figure. All that is certain is that what the 99% you quote agree on is that mankind is responsible for some of the warming. There is no consensus over the magnitude of the change (I have seen estimates from a .5 to a 4 degrees of Celsius change over the coming decade) or over how to address the issue.
Oh so it's ok for MSM to have a play where Donald Trump is murdered. But if I say something to get a reaction out of you the conversation is over?   How is that ok to have a play where the acting president is killed?   Freedom of speech is ok until you break the law. To threaten or imply death of the president of the United States is a crime. Donald trump did not write the law. In fact Trump wasn't even alive when that law was written.   China Russia United States. They need to eliminate the religious problem we have.
Sorry, in the US (Bank of America). The kind of account we have has that high fee, but they also have free account options that have lower or zero balance requirements, you just have to setup direct deposit. The one we have has free checks, free safe deposit box, an English speaking customer service rep guaranteed to answer my call in something like 3 rings, and a bunch of other stuff I'll never use.
I have a loaded Accord right now.  Model 3 is faster, safer (most likely given Tesla's track record, doesn't need gas, and (hopefully) cheaper and easier to maintain (no oil changes, etc).     It's also just a hair smaller than my Accord and sits more forward, which I really like. The Accord feels like a boat to me.
You could buy shares of an Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF) based on the price of gold, like GLD, IAU, or SGOL. You can invest in this fund through almost any brokerage firm, e.g. Fidelity, Etrade, Scotttrade, TD Ameritrade, Charles Schwab, ShareBuilder, etc. Keep in mind that you'll still have to pay a commission and fees when purchasing an ETF, but it will almost certainly be less than paying the markup or storage fees of buying the physical commodity directly. An ETF trades exactly like a stock, on an exchange, with a ticker symbol as noted above. The commission will apply the same as any stock trade, and the price will reflect some fraction of an ounce of gold, for the GLD, it started as .1oz, but fees have been applied over the years, so it's a bit less.  You could also invest in PHYS, which is a closed-end mutual fund that allows investors to trade their shares for 400-ounce gold bars. However, because the fund is closed-end, it may trade at a significant premium or discount compared to the actual price of gold for supply and demand reasons. Also, keep in mind that investing in gold will never be the same as depositing your money in the bank. In the United States, money stored in a bank is FDIC-insured up to $250,000, and there are several banks or financial institutions that deposit money in multiple banks to double or triple the effective insurance limit (Fidelity has an account like this, for example). If you invest in gold and the price plunges, you're left with the fair market value of that gold, not your original deposit.  Yes, you're hoping the price of your gold investment will increase to at least match inflation, but you're hoping, i.e. speculating, which isn't the same as depositing your money in an insured bank account. If you want to speculate and invest in something with the hope of outpacing inflation, you're likely better off investing in a low-cost index fund of inflation-protected securities (or the S&P500, over the long term) rather than gold.  Just to be clear, I'm using the laymen's definition of a speculator, which is someone who engages in risky financial transactions in an attempt to profit from short or medium term fluctuations This is similar to the definition used in some markets, e.g. futures, but in many cases, economists and places like the CFTC define speculators as anyone who doesn't have a position in the underlying security. For example, a farmer selling corn futures is a hedger, while the trading firm purchasing the contracts is a speculator. The trading firm doesn't necessarily have to be actively trading the contract in the short-run; they merely have no position in the underlying commodity.
I agree with you that given a teacher and an environment there may be a way to rank teachers, however any proposal I've seen to judge performance fails to take into account environment and assumes the district as one uniform environment. Any time federal programs are proposed that try and address failing schools, they treat things as if the school is the only part of the environment that matters. I don't see how they can do better for teachers.
Well, sure, but that rate won't continue for the next 18 years. A lot of the increase in public school cost is due to government funding cuts and the increase stops once funding reaches 0%.  When you look at private schools, say [Stanford](http://facts.stanford.edu/chron.html#tuition), the average over the last 18 years is 4.6% a year - higher than inflation (2.3%) for sure, but no where as bad as the overall numbers would suggest.
"The ""par value"" is a technicality that you can ignore in this case, and it has nothing directly to do with the merger.  When a company issues stock, it puts a ""par value"" on the shares.  If it later issues more shares, they cannot be issued at less than par value. The rest of the notice seems to be as you said: If you hold until the merger takes effect, they are going to give you $25/share and your shares will be gone.  As always, you can try to sell on the open market before that time instead, although you can bet that not too many people are going to want to give you more than $25/share at this point."
Our group leader was very interested in the Amazon Go concept which got us thinking about that as a potential deal. While writing the paper I found some articles discussing Whole Foods Amazon potential merger from last year, but it seemed unlikely since the companies had a sit down last year and it didn't amount to anything. Obviously Amazon thought this was a good target then so it was known at the time. However, we didn't think the deal was back on the table. Recent mentions of the possible deal didn't come out until a few weeks after we started writing our paper.
"I've seen the same happen with several companies, with programmers engineers, salespeople, managers, etc.  Both companies end up paying more, and in many senses (because it *always* takes time to get ""up to speed"" in a new company) losing out because of it.  It's inane, really, how little most managers/owners really *value* their employees.  Probably one of the scariest things I've ever heard is in privately-owned companies where they say ""we treat all our employees like family"" -- which I always want to laugh at, and say ""My God, I would hope you can do better than THAT... [because, hell, most 'families' are dysfunctional and pretty much screw each other up/over at just about every opportunity]."""
"Imagine that, a car dealership lied to someone trusting.  Who would have thought. A big question is how well do you get along with your ""ex""?  Can you be in the same room without fighting?  Can you agree on things that are mutually beneficial? The car will have to be paid off, and taken out of his name.  The mechanics on how to do this is a bit tricky and you may want to see a lawyer about it.    Having you being the sole owner of the car benefits him because he is no longer a cosigner on a loan.  This will help him get additional loans if he chooses, or cosign on his next gf's car. And of course this benefits you as you ""own"" the car instead of both of you. You will probably have to refinance the car in your name only.  Do you have sufficient credit?  Once this happens can you pay off the car in like a year or so? If you search this site a similar questions is asked about once per month.  Car loans are pretty terrible, in the future you should avoid them.  Cosigning is even worse and you should never again participate in such a thing. Another option is to just sell the car and start over with your own car hopefully paid for in cash."
Political systems do not have to be intertwined with economic systems, as China demonstrates.      By most rankings (Cato, Heritage, etc) China actually has a bit more economic freedom than India.    I don't necessarily think that China's development path needs to be copied to India.  But I would take a very strong look at what China has done and how.  The results are unbelievable.  If you think that India's democratic system is superior, then it should be even easier and faster for India to achieve similar or better results.
I think about debt as a good option for capital investments that offer a return. In my opinion, a house and clothes you need for that new job are good things to borrow for. School is ok, depending on the amount. Car is ok, if it's a 3 year loan. The rest is not good. You should try to carry as little debt as possible, but don't let it dominate your life. If faced between the choice of paying ahead on your student loan and blowing $300 on an XBox, you should pay the loan. If the choice is between taking your kid to the zoo and paying the loan, have fun at the zoo.
Same argument and answer for investing instead of paying off debt, or borrowing to invest. Risk. What happens if the stocks drop by 10%? Sure, you might come out ahead on average, but a drop in the market could be catastrophic from a cash flow point of view.  In addition, federal tax debt is arguably the worst kind. The IRS has the authority to garnish wages and has virtually unlimited resources they can use to collect.
"For political reasons, almost all governments (including the US) spend more money than they get from taxes etc.  There are a number of things a government can do to cover the difference: Most governments opt for selling bonds.  The ""National Debt"" of a country can be thought of as being the sum of all the ""Bonds"" that are still paying interest, and that the Government hasn't Redeemed. It can all go horribly wrong.  If the Government gets into a situation where it cannot pay the interest, or it cannot Redeem the Bonds it has promised to, then it may have to break its promise (""Default"" on its payments).  This makes the owners of the Bonds unhappy and means potential buyers of future Bond sales are less likely to want to buy the Governments new Bonds - effectively meaning the Government has to promise to pay more interest in the future.  Recent examples of this include Argentina; and may include Greece soon. The US is in the fortunate position that not many people believe it will Default.  Therefore the new Bonds it sells (which it does on a regular basis) are still in demand, even though its interest payments, and promises to Redeem Bonds are huge."
Nobody said they paid for it up front.  They still pay for it.  The businesses are definitely making money off the work.    Unless you are saying the businesses don't make money off of it, and are accruing a loss?  Do you expect us to believe that?
From InvestingAnswers, the price of a bond is equal to the present value of its future cash flows, as shown in the following formula:  Where: By induction, this is equivalent to: or, using more familiar formulae, it is equivalent to the formula for the present value of an ordinary annuity to represent the coupon payments, plus a term for the discounted value at maturity: For example, a 10 year semiannual bond with coupon payment 10%, priced at 1095 with maturity value 1000. Solving for r yields 0.0428332 or 4.28% semi-annually. (8.75% per annum) The solution can be found by plotting or using a solver, which many pocket calculators have.  Plot of p as a function of r, intersecting with p = 1095 when r = 0.0428   Checking on Investopedia
"In 2014 the IRS announced that it published guidance in Notice 2014-21. In that notice, the answer to the first question describes the general tax treatment of virtual currency: For federal tax purposes, virtual currency is treated as property. General tax principles applicable to property transactions apply to transactions using virtual currency. As it's property like any other, capital gains if and when you sell are taxed. As with any capital gains, you're taxed on the ""profit"" you made, that is the ""proceeds"" (how much you got when you sold) minus your ""basis"" (how much you paid to get the property that you sold). Until you sell, it's just an asset (like a house, or a share of stock, or a rare collectible card) that doesn't require any reporting. If your initial cryptocurrency acquisition was through mining, then this section of that Notice applies: Q-8: Does a taxpayer who “mines” virtual currency (for example, uses computer resources to validate Bitcoin transactions and maintain the public Bitcoin transaction ledger) realize gross income upon receipt of the virtual currency resulting from those activities? A-8: Yes, when a taxpayer successfully “mines” virtual currency, the fair market value of the virtual currency as of the date of receipt is includible in gross income. See Publication 525, Taxable and Nontaxable Income, for more information on taxable income. That is to say, when it was mined the market value of the amount generated should have been included in income (probably on either Line 21 Other Income, or on Schedule C if it's from your own business). At that point, the market value would also qualify as your basis. Though I doubt there'd be a whole lot of enforcement action for not amending your 2011 return to include $0.75. (Technically if you find a dollar bill on the street it should be included in income, but usually the government cares about bigger fish than that.) It sounds like your basis is close enough to zero that it's not worth trying to calculate a more accurate value. Since your basis couldn't be less than zero, there's no way that using zero as your basis would cause you to pay less tax than you ought, so the government won't have any objections to it.  One thing to be careful of is to document that your holdings qualify for long-term capital gains treatment (held longer than a year) if applicable. Also, as you're trading in multiple cryptocurrencies, each transaction may count as a ""sale"" of one kind followed by a ""purchase"" of the other kind, much like if you traded your Apple stock for Google stock. It's possible that ""1031 like kind exchange"" rules apply, and in June 2016 the American Institute of CPAs sent a letter asking about it (among other things), but as far as I know there's been no official IRS guidance on the matter. There are also some related questions here; see ""Do altcoin trades count as like-kind exchanges?"" and ""Assuming 1031 Doesn't Apply To Cryptocurrency Trading"". But if in fact those exchange rules do not apply and it is just considered a sale followed by a purchase, then you would need to report each exchange as a sale with that asset's basis (probably $0 for the initial one), and proceeds of the fair market value at the time, and then that same value would be the basis of the new asset you're purchasing. Using a $0 basis is how I treat my bitcoin sales, though I haven't dealt with other cryptocurrencies. As long as all the USD income is being reported when you get USD, I find it unlikely you'll run into a lot of trouble, even if you technically were supposed to report the individual transactions when they happened. Though, I'm not in charge of IRS enforcement, and I'm not aware of any high-profile cases, so it's hard to know anything for sure. Obviously, if there's a lot of money involved, you may want to involve a professional rather than random strangers on the Internet. You could also try contacting the IRS directly, as believe-it-or-not, their job is in fact helping you to comply with the tax laws correctly. Also, there are phone numbers at the end of Notice 2014-21 of people which might be able to provide further guidance, including this statement: The principal author of this notice is Keith A. Aqui of the Office of Associate Chief Counsel (Income Tax & Accounting). For further information about income tax issues addressed in this notice, please contact Mr. Aqui at (202) 317-4718"
"A person can finance housing expenses in one of two ways. You can pay rent to a landlord. Or you can buy a house with a mortgage. In essence, you become your own landlord. That is, insta the ""renter"" pays an amount equal to the mortgage to insta the ""landlord,"" who pays it to the bank to reduce the mortgage. Ideally, your monthly debt servicing payments (minus tax saving on interest) should approximate the rent on the house. If they are a ""lot"" more, you may have overpaid for the house and mortgage. The advantage is that your ""rent"" is applied to building up equity (by reducing the mortgage) in your house. (And mortgage payments are tax deductible to the extent of interest expense.) At the end of 30 years, or whatever the mortgage term, you have ""portable equity"" in the form a fully paid house, that you can sell to move another house in Florida, or wherever you want to retire. Sometimes, you will ""get lucky"" if the value of the house skyrockets in a short time. Then you can borrow against your appreciation. But be careful, because ""sky rockets"" (in housing and elsewhere) often fall to earth. But this does represent another way to build up equity by owning a house."
If you've already used TurboTax on your 2015 taxes, you can use the numbers TurboTax gave you as your reasonable estimate.  Line 4 is your estimate of total tax liability for 2015. This would be line 63 of form 1040. This is Federal income tax only, not Social Security tax.  Line 5 is the total of tax payments you made last year. You should be able to read this off your W-2 forms, Box 2. It corresponds to line 74 on the 1040.  Line 6 is the difference between lines 4 and 5. You can't claim a refund on the extension, so if line 5 is more than line 4, enter 0. Otherwise, subtract line 5 from line 4, and enter it in line 6. This is the amount you should send in with the form to minimize any penalty due with your taxes later.  The TurboTax software can generate this extension form automatically, I believe.  Also, don't forget to give a copy of this extension form to your tax preparer. He will need to know the amount you sent in.
You haven't seen one because you haven't looked for one properly. You can set a google alert for stock split and get information about major issues splitting their stocks quite regularly, as well as a daily dose of recommendations from people without a say in the matter for big companies to split their stock. Stock splits are announced in advance by company management.

So we can lower your taxes, although at a cost of say 4 million federal employees. Now the fun begins... your market is flooded with new employees, so many people applying there isn't a reason to keep you at your pay. It's 2008 again, you lost your job, your $30 an hour job now pays $17, and you're unemployed, but at least your tax bracket went down.
First thing they should do is STOP CALLING AND MAILING THOSE OF US WHO HAVE DONATED.  I get a call every night (which I do not answer) and a piece of mail every week.  I know the labor for the calls is mostly volunteer BUT YOU'RE PISSING US OFF (I have friends saying the same thing).    Once we give, thank us and get back to us maybe a month or more later, or at crucial times.  NOT EVERY FUCKING NIGHT, k?
"In a way I would almost welcome it becuase ibeleive the outrage from so many millions might actually generate the groundswell public reaction we need to drastically limit software patents.  It's outrageous.    U.S. Patent No. 5,946,647 on a ""system and method for performing an action on a structure in computer-generated data"" (in its complaint, Apple provides examples such as the recognition of ""phone numbers, post-office addresses and dates"" and the ability to perform ""related actions with that data""; one example is that ""the system may receive data that includes a phone number, highlight it for a user, and then, in response to a user's interaction with the highlighted text, offer the user the choice of making a phone call to the number"")  every fing computer has done that for ever.    U.S. Patent No. 6,343,263 on a ""real-time signal processing system for serially transmitted data"" (while this sounds like a pure hardware patent, there are various references in it to logical connections, drivers, programs; in its complaint, Apple said that this patent ""relates generally to providing programming abstraction layers for real-time processing applications"")  so vague as to be anything apple wants yet so low level that obviously premempted by every prior serial data receiver which is every analog and digital radio receiver EVER."
dont dare throw facts into their preconceived notions that unions are always evil and at fault for everything on the planet.  I wonder how mister police offices pay compares to the top 1% when you look at disparity between ceo and cop pay today, versus 1950... I'm betting(but am not claiming like right wingers do), I am betting that if you look at it percentagewise in the form of disparity, it is this cop who is earning closer to the correct pay, it just seems way high as we have gotten used to lower pay, less benefits and two people working in every family.
Your link is pointing to managed funds where the fees are higher, you should look at their exchange traded funds; you will note that the management fees are much lower and better reflect the index fund strategy.
I think Microsoft is far from being the next IBM. Keep in mind mobile hardware isn't for everyone, even Amazon abandoned it.  Microsoft has done a great job with their cloud platforms, revamping the microsoft office suite to compete with google's, their entire surface line of laptops and tablets, purchasing linkedin, etc.  I would say they are making the right and relevant moves to not only stay relevant but shake up the status quo that they were living in for a long time.
We don't know how to make money in the stock market, therefore no one should be allowed to.  ~Fuckers  If Bill Gates wants to give the government some of his money, [here's the form](https://www.pay.gov/paygov/forms/formInstance.html?agencyFormId=23779454).  If he wants to give the government some of other peoples' money, he should shut the hell up.
"Consumer facing finance is heavily regulated. You are liable for the recommendations you make; if they are based on a black box you risk problems when sued. It is difficult to explain in a court of law why a neural network came to a particular conclusion. It is much easier to provide advice (models) in the ""educated counterparty"" market. Not only do institutional investors in general expect to pay for a quality advice (consumers in general expect to get online advice for free) but the legal implications are different."
Yes you can claim your business deductions if you are not making any income yet. But first you should decide what structure you want to have for your business. Either a Company structure or a Sole Trader or Partnership. Company Structure If you choose a Company Structure (which is more expensive to set up) you would claim your deductions but no income. So you would be making a loss, and continue making losses until your income from the business exceed your expenses. So these losses will remain inside the Company and can be carried forward to future income years when you are making profits to offset these profits. Refer to ATO - Company tax losses for more information. Sole Trader of Partnership Structure If you choose to be a Sole Trader or a Partnership and your business makes a loss you must check the non-commercial loss rules to see if you can offset the loss against your income from other sources, such as wages. In order to offset your business losses against your other income your business must  pass one of these tests: If you don't pass any of these tests, which being a start-up you most likely won't, you must carry forward your business losses until an income year in which you do pass one of the tests, then you can offset it against your other income. This is what differentiates a legitimate business from someone having a hobby, because unless you start making at least $20,000 in sales income (the easiest test to pass) you cannot use your business losses against your other income. Refer to ATO - Non-commercial losses for more information.
"1. That's a really complicated answer. In short, I think we need to make accounting rules much simpler (I say this as an accountant) in combination with financial education in K-12 school. Most adults in this country can't tell you which is a better investment: something that returns 5% monthly or something that returns 10% annually. They don't know that accounting income and cash flow are different things and what they mean. Accounting rules are sometimes ridiculous. Look at the balance sheet of even a moderate size company. What's in ""Other Comprehensive Income"" and why is that different than net income? Why is it that American Airlines, one of the largest airlines in the world doesn't have a single airplane on their balance sheet?  2. That might be a step in the right direction, but I'm just not sure how effective something like that would be. More comprehensive might be better, but then there's going to be less people that want to take the time."
Best as i can tell, the simple answer is: the smartest approach to investing for dividends is to pick a company that is, has, and will continue to make a solid profits. there are lots of them out there. specifically, companies with no debt, a history of long-term and steady growth and a stable market share will, almost always recoup any drop in stock valuation due to a dividend payout...and usually in short order. this is why dividends were created...as a mechanism for distributing profits back to investor without diminishing thier stake in the company. the trick then, is to find such companies with the best ratio between stock price and dividend payout. and again, there are a lot of good options out there.  All the trepidation is justified however, as many unscrupulous companies will try to pull investors in with high dividends as a means to simply generate capital. these companies have few of the quality attributes mentioned above. instead, High debt, fluctuating or negative profits, minimal market share or diminishing growth present a very risky long term play and will be avoided by this conservative investor.
"My answer has nothing to do with tax brackets or mathematics (I'm taking advantage of the leeway your question allowed), but rather it has to do with career goals and promotion.  Large companies often have large ""Policies & Procedures"" booklets to go with them.  One policy that sometimes exists which would make it a bad idea to accept a raise is: Employee cannot be given more than one   salary increase in a 12-month period This means that if you accept a standard-of-living or merit increase of say, 2% or 3% in April, and then you apply for a job that would otherwise warrant a pay grade increase, you may be forced to wait until the following year to get bumped to the proper pay grade. Of course, this totally depends on the company, but it would be advisable to check your company's H.R. policy on that, if you're considering a move (even a lateral one) in the future."
Capitalism is a fine way to distribute resources and spur innovation... so long as it's not the only game in town. If we could provide medicine, food, clothing, shelter, and internet access to every person in the country, then it hardly matters how callous and Randian the employment market is.
It is true that it may be somewhat of a loss. I would not lose any money with the other options as I have already made my money back but I would be at a loss as far as time investment goes. I agree number 1 is most logical but emotionally my heart is just not in it anymore that is why I put 2 and 3 in there too.
There is no common sense in Michigan and money does reveal character. Take a Michigan based business for example of more outrageous behavior that our State reps overlook. Frankenmuth Insurance company located in Frankenmuth Michigan purports in its commitment statement to policyholders to:   Frankenmuth Insurance built a solid foundation adhering to its fundamental  principles of honesty, integrity, unsurpassed customer service and conservative  business practices.   With much emphasis on Corporate Governance and common sense, this company located in Frankenmuth Michigan regularly violates its own commitment to policyholders by engaging in egregious conflicts of interest with board members that not only lack integrity, but are of blatant poor judgment for personal gain and detrimental to policyholders.  The only policyholders invited to their annual policyholder meetings are employees and retirees of the company so that no one will vote against or challenge their elections.  The board members are taken on annual trips with their spouses the week of the annual board meeting wherein on the last day, they (the board) are asked to vote on executive pay and bonuses. After a week of being wined and dined at exclusive resorts such as the One and Only Palmilla in Cabo and the Winn in Vegas the Frankenmuth executives know that the board will give them exorbitant raises and bonuses which is information they again refuse to disclose because of the public outrage their behavior would cause, adversely impacting their business. Getting what they want from the board afforded CEO Stanton a 12,000 sq foot retirement home newly constructed on a 1 million dollar plot of land at Bay Harbor overlooking Lake Michigan.  One trip that Frankenmuth executives took 90 people on (those people were executives and spouses and agents and spouses) cost 5 million dollars for one week. That translates to about $53K per person. Bill Schutte pretends to care about the taxpayers dollars and how they are spent yet he thus far has refused to require Frankenmuth to disclose it's egregious spending of lavish trips and entertainment and or investigate the clear conflicts of interest with its board that are costing the taxpayers of Michigan huge dollars in increased premiums. On top of all of this, Frankenmuth admittedly has a computer system that does not track its employees use of policyholder information meaning the public is not safe from potential identity theft nor is the company safe from internal theft.  Frankenmuth uses credit reports to jack prices of policyholders up - someones credit has no bearing on their ability to drive and the executives are laughing all the way to the bank with the board in their pocket from canned elections.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [Shortage Of IPhone X For Preorder](https://np.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/78ap8v/shortage_of_iphone_x_for_preorder/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
If you want to store that much money, find a good hiding place. (E-mail me the location.  I'll keep it a secret.  I promise!) But I think instead you want to invest that much money, in a cash-like liquid form. You can do $250,000 in a bank (beyond 2012) and then spread the rest over some big-name brokerages with money market accounts. But, as JohnFx pointed out, with that much cash you can do amazing things with it.  Think bigger.
Norman Brodeur Williams wrote his first prize winning novel at the age of 28, which was highly valued by readers. Thought experts did not leave him from criticizing. This story moves around a man who is dealing with his luck, community and its traditions. Fighting to come out of the false traditions made by the community he got his response one night that absolutely transformed his life. The story is all relevant to the key of that night.
thanks for the reply.  I just graduated and I'm having a lot of difficulty getting any solid job.  I guess I will pick firms in the area like MS, trowe, and see what would be best.  My contact who told me to do this said it's very important to be passionate about it though...perhaps even if I pick a more targeted stock it won't be too valuable given my inexperience?
"&gt; Most of the people that promote these types of ideas are selling something that has an inverse correlation with the market, so they hope to get others to buy in and drive up prices for them so they can cash out.   Isn't this super common in online finance communities?  It is in Norway, so much so we have words for them. ""Hausing"" a person bullshitting about a stock so people will buy it, so he can sell. And ""Baising"", a person talking shit about a stock so people will sell, because he wants to buy.    Its insane the depth this, essentially trolling, happens."
Yes, you would have to report the gain. It is not relevant that you traded the stock previously, you still made a profit on the trade-at-hand. Imagine if for some reason this type of trade were exempt. Investors could follow the short term swings of volatile stocks completely tax-free.
Have you actually read the Wikipedia article? To calculate the DJIA, the sum of the prices of all 30 stocks is divided by a divisor, the Dow Divisor. The divisor is adjusted in case of stock splits, spinoffs or similar structural changes, to ensure that such events do not in themselves alter the numerical value of the DJIA. Early on, the initial divisor was composed of the original number of component companies; which made the DJIA at first, a simple arithmetic average. The present divisor, after many adjustments, is less than one (meaning the index is larger than the sum of the prices of the components). That is: DJIA = sum(p) / d where p are the prices of the component stocks and d is the Dow Divisor. Events such as stock splits or changes in the list of the companies composing the index alter the sum of the component prices. In these cases, in order to avoid discontinuity in the index, the Dow Divisor is updated so that the quotations right before and after the event coincide: DJIA = sum(p_old) / d_old = sum(p_new) / d_new The Dow Divisor was 0.14602128057775 on December 24, 2015.[40] Presently, every $1 change in price in a particular stock within the average, equates to a 6.848 (or 1 ÷ 0.14602128057775) point movement. Knowing the old prices, new prices (e.g. following a split), and old divisor, you can easily compute the new divisor... Edit: Also, the detailed methodology is published by SP Indices (PDF). Edit #2: For simplicity's sake, assume the DJIA is an index that contains 4 stocks, with a price of $100.00 each. One of the stocks splits 2:1, meaning the new price/share is $50.00. Plugging the numbers into the above equation, we can determine the new Dow Divisor: 400 / 4 = 350 / d => d = 3.5
"I can guarantee you that no one in IBanking and consulting is pulling in a 110k base. Even 75 is really pushing it in this market. 70k base is standard on the street and some bansk have been dropping it to 65. And you won't be working at a ""legit"" hedge fund or prop shop straight out of undergrad.   Source: I work in the industry."
The wealthiest man is not the one who has the most, but who needs the least.
I hate to sound harsh, but he's right. No technology, innovation, service or product can overcome your own lack of discipline. That doesn't mean you should give up, though - just like everything else, financial discipline is a learned skill, not something we're born with.  Everyone can learn to be financially responsible. If you find you can't keep track of your expenses, try merely saving your receipts.  Whenever you get home, pull them all out of your pockets, and look over how much you spent.  Once you get to the point where you're consistently keeping your receipts, start keeping a register (either paper or electronic) that you update when you empty your pockets.  From there, you can begin tracking how much you spend in various categories, and being setting budgets and adjusting your spending habits. It's not easy, but it's something that we all have gone through.  Keep at it, and you can succeed in turning your finances around.
&gt;implicitly through their fee structure.  Index ETF and stock trades cost the same at Robinhood (free).  Do you believe Robinhood (and other brokers) should charge a fee for single stock trades to discourage investors from purchasing them over index ETFs?  Honestly, I'm not saying this idea is right or wrong.  It's an interesting proposition.
Synowledge’s highly capable subject matter expert’s team can help you to produce clear, suitable regulatory documents, detailing all aspects of the drug development process and CMC. Synowledge provides appropriate subject matter domain-based process expertise to enable all life sciences organizations to fully satisfy their regulatory obligations and responsibilities.
"Sure the LBTA has outperformed LVOL recently but they are very similar (Just look at their underlying indices going back to 2007) - they underperform in good markets and tend to outperform more than they underperformed in down markets.  The article should be saying something more like: ""Recent outperformance of LBTA is due to sector specific bets of the ETF""  And the article fails to point out that LBTA is so low volume that it even has trouble tracking its underlying index on a day to day basis. (LVOL is also very low volume, but it's still significantly better than LBTA)."
This is probably one of the shittiest articles I've seen on this sub in a while.  Automation of panera has been happening for over 10 years. The author might as well start saying child labor was an honest living for kids and those laws are cruel. &gt;Fresno Bee reporter Jeremy Bagott says that even some of San Francisco’s best restaurants fall prey to higher minimum wages. One saw its profit margins fall from 8.5 percent in 2012 to 1.5 percent by 2015.  Sample size of fucking 1. Over the wrong years. San Francisco wages went from 10.24 to 11.05 during that period.  But please let this site go on about alternate facts and mainstream media lies.
For a company listed on NASDAQ, the numbers are published on NASDAQ's site. The most recent settlement date was 4/30/2013, and you can see that it lists 27.5 million shares as held short.  NASDAQ gets these numbers from FINRA member firms, which are required to submit them to the exchange twice a month: Each FINRA member firm is required to report its “total” short interest positions in all customer and proprietary accounts in NASDAQ-listed securities twice a month. These reports are used to calculate short interest in NASDAQ stocks. FINRA member firms are required to report their short positions as of settlement on (1) the 15th of each month, or the preceding business day if the 15th is not a business day, and (2) as of settlement on the last business day of the month.* The reports must be filed by the second business day after the reporting settlement date. FINRA compiles the short interest data and provides it for publication on the 8th business day after the reporting settlement date.
"You really don't know how credit scoring works. Let's think about the purpose of a credit score: to assess whether you're a high default risk. A lender wants to know, in this order: Utilization factors into the solvency assessment. If you are at 100% utilization of your unsecured credit, you're insolvent -- you can't pay your bills. If you are at 0%, you're as solvent as you can be. Most people who use credit cards are somewhere in the middle. When a bank underwrites a large loan like a mortgage or car loan, they use your credit score an application information like income and employment history to figure out what kind of loan you qualify for. Credit cards are called ""revolving"" accounts for a reason -- you're supposed to use them to buy crap and pay your bill in full at the end of the month.  My advice to you:"
Checking account holders must be aware that when you order bank checks online, you will be required to provide some sensitive personal and financial information. When I order my checks online, I make sure to think about the consequences of providing the information being demanded. Considering that identity theft remains  the top threat for checking account holders, it would be wise to pause for a moment before submitting the information.
This is very insightful, I think. As an open question, consider what *downside* a nation (or bank) has to acknowledging bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies. Obviously nations may lose some monetary control by endorsing bitcoin, but I don't know if there's much of a downside for banks considering bitcoin's easy conversion in to USD.   If anything, I feel like most of the problems for banks surrounding cryptos would be regulatory.
"For many people, giving to charity will have minimal effect on their taxes. Non-profits love to attract donations by saying the money is tax deductible, but for most people, it doesn't work out that way. You will only itemize deductions if they exceed your standard deduction. The IRS allows you to either ""itemize"" your deductions (where you list each deduction you can take) or take the ""standard deduction"". Consider a married couple filing jointly in 2011. Their standard deduction is $11,400. They are in the 28% tax bracket. They donate $100 of old clothes to the Goodwill, and are looking forward to deducting that on your taxes, and getting $28 of that back. If that's their only deduction, though, they'd have to give up the standard deduction to take the itemized deduction. Not worth it. Suppose instead they have $11,500 of deductions in 2011. Now we're talking, right? No. The tax impact of itemizing is only $28, since they only exceeded the standard deduction by $100. The cost of having a tax accountant fill out the itemization form probably offsets that small gain. There's also all the time that went in to tracking those deductions over the year. Not worth it.  Tax deductions only become worthwhile when they significantly exceed the standard deduction. You need some big ticket items to get past the itemized deduction threshold. For most people, this only happens when they have a mortgage, as the interest on a residence is deductible.  Folks love to suggest that having a mortgage is a good deal, because the interest is deductible. However, since you have to exceed the standard deduction before it makes sense to itemize, it's not likely to be a big win. For most people: TL;DR: Give to charity because you want that charity to have your money. Tax implications are minimal; let your accountant sort it out. Disclaimer: I am not an accountant."
"Not necessarily. Shorting XOM is saying that EM (china + india) are going to have a ""slowdown"" (not neg growth but slower) and that US is going to pick up a lot slower.  Selling JNJ means the manager is overall bearish but doesn't have that much conviction (otherwise he would sell XOM or SPY), but still wants that negative exposure.  Personally, both are just plays on SPY with increased risk (XOM) or decreased risk (JNJ)."
Depending on the improvement, you have to amortize or depreciate it over time, which effectively allows you to write off the value over a period of years, even if you pay for it all up front. This messes with cash flow, which is different than profitability, but when you span the write off over five or ten years, the distinction between cash flow and profitability for a private, self funded company is irrelevant. If the money ain't there, the money ain't there. Operating capital is life blood.  Taxes also alter the ROI equation of the investment, since you don't keep all the money you put in.  Way over simplified example: Lets say I close out the year with some arbitrary profit - ten million bucks - in my war chest. 3.5 could go to taxes. I also know that my supplier can't handle my volume for next year while the season is hot, so I'd like to buy inventory in the off season. Last year I sold 6.5 mill worth of stuff from this supplier, but I estimate I could sell 9-10 mill if I didn't have availability problems. If I buy 9-10 mill in inventory, I can't pay taxes. If I pay taxes, I can't buy enough to grow next year.   Sure, COGS is a deductible expense, but the expense isn't realized until the inventory is sold, which won't be until long after these taxes are due.  I now have taxes interfering with my expansion, even though eventually I can write that off.  Now lets look at the manufacturer - sure he could expand his capacity and make more money, but he has to deduct the 5 mill machine he needs over twenty years (or ten or whatever) while the purchase price needs to be made today. This year he's gonna pay tax on 90 or 95% of the money he used to buy that machine, which would eat into the money he needs to buy raw materials to fill orders he already has.  Of course, the real world is much more complicated, and you can leverage leasing agreements and purchasing terms to alleviate this to some extent, but I wanted to illustrate a point. I hope my extremely simplified example communicated what I mean.  Does that make sense?
Royal White Marmo started in year 2005 at Rajsamand, Rajasthan. Royal White Marmo Pvt Ltd is exporter/ importer, manufacturer, supplier of White marble, Morwad White and so on. - Royal White Marmo offers marble stones that are broadly demanded for its features. We provide these stones in different colors, sizes, patterns and shapes which can be modified according to the client’s choice or demands. http://www.slideserve.com/royalw/indian-marble-7577746
"I'm not sure there's a good reason to do a ""closing the books"" ceremony for personal finance accounting. (And you're not only wanting to do that, but have a fiscal year that's different from the calendar year? Yikes!) My understanding is that usually this process is done for businesses to be able to account for what their ""Retained Earnings"" and such are for investors and tax purposes; generally individuals wouldn't think of their finances in those terms. It's certainly not impossible, though. Gnucash, for example, implements a ""Closing Books"" feature, which is designed to create transactions for each Income and Expenses account into an end-of-year Equity Retained Earnings account. It doesn't do any sort of closing out of Assets or Liabilities, however. (And I'm not sure how that would make any sense, as you'd transfer it from your Asset to the End-of-year closing account, and then transfer it back as an Opening Balance for the next year?) If you want to keep each year completely separate, the page about Closing Books in the Gnucash Wiki mentions that one can create a separate Gnucash file per year by exporting the account tree from your existing file, then importing that tree and the balances into a new file. I expect that it makes it much more challenging to run reports across multiple years of data, though. While your question doesn't seem to be specific to Gnucash (I just mention it because it's the accounting tool I'm most familiar with), I'd expect that any accounting program would have similar functionality. I would, however, like to point out this section from the Gnucash manual: Note that closing the books in GnuCash is unnecessary. You do not need to zero out your income and expense accounts at the end of each financial period. GnuCash’s built-in reports automatically handle concepts like retained earnings between two different financial periods. In fact, closing the books reduces the usefulness of the standard reports because the reports don’t currently understand closing transactions. So from their point of view it simply looks like the net income or expense in each account for a given period was simply zero. And that's largely why I'm just not sure what your goals are. If you want to look at your transactions for a certain time, to ""just focus on the range of years I'm interested in for any given purpose"" as you say, then just go ahead and run the report you care about with those years as the dates. The idea of ""closing books"" comes from a time when you'd want to take your pile of paper ledgers and go put them in storage once you didn't need to refer to them regularly. Computers now have no challenges storing ""every account from the beginning of time"" at all, and you can filter out that data to focus on whatever you're looking for easily. If you don't want to look at the old data, just don't include them in your reports. I'm pretty sure that's the ""better way to keep the books manageable""."
"Social media and word of mouth are going to be your best friends. Build yourself a good reputation for quality and good social skills. ""Hair designing"" is a big part of your job but so is socializing. You have to build relationships with people in the service industry to keep them coming back as a general point.   My suggestion is to focus on the clientele you have remaining and strengthen your relationship with them. They will pass on the word of how well you're doing and how they really like to use you.   In the mean time to build more clientele, try taking to social media. Share photos of your work (with your clients' permission) and offer special deals for people who follow you. Maybe offer 50% off the first visit for the next 5 new clients or something like that. Yeah, you're going to earn less money on those clients for those visits, but you may gain a long term client or 2 out of the deal.   If that fails, you might try to get on with an established salon through a place like JC Penny or great clips, something like that... until you can build a bigger clientele.   All of the successful hair designers I know have several things in common - talented, sociable, empathetic, great pricing, nice atmosphere and a killer ongoing portfolio.   Good luck"
They were kind and let you extend the repayment time on the loan. But that does mean additional interest accumulated during that additional time. You agreed to this; you can't change the contract now. What you can do is find the money to pay off the loan faster, to reduce the total amount of interest you'll be charged.
"The Fed didn't ""signal"" anything. They did not do any analysis. They merely took a pole of consumer opinion.   The article should have said ""Poll Shows Americans Believe they Are No Better Off than Five Years Ago."" But that would be less exciting."
Of course you don't need to take a mortgage - if you happen to have enough cash (or other assets) to pay your sister her share, or if she is willing to take it in installments over the next years. Mortgages are not needed to buy houses, but to pay for them - subtle difference. If you can pay - in whichever agreed way - without a mortgage, you won't need one.
What you are suggesting would be the correct strategy, if you knew exactly when the market was going to go back up. This is called market timing.  Since it has been shown that no one can do this consistently, the best strategy is to just keep your money where it is.  The market tends to make large jumps, especially lately.  Missing just a few of these in a year can greatly impact your returns.  It doesn't really matter what the market does while you hold investments.  The important part is how much you bought for and how much you sold for.  This assumes that the reasons that you selected those particular investments are still valid.  If this is not the case, by all means sell them and pick something that does meet your needs.
&gt;[**НОВИНКА!!! Проект Btchash ! Способ заработка на автомате! Попробуй САМ ! [5:35]**](http://youtu.be/OKXRKZvkAhM)  &gt;&gt;Приветствую Вас друзья! В этом Видео, представлен проект, на котором можно зарабатывать на полном автомате  &gt; [*^Финансовый ^Вектор*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAOABF2yT1SjVqI7RK9aIUg) ^in ^People ^&amp; ^Blogs  &gt;*^4 ^views ^since ^Oct ^2017*  [^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
"Given the place of games in mainstream culture, you won't be astonished to find that the interest for games tickets for an extensive variety of occasions has soar as of late. The NBA basketball is more popular in the USA. NBA b-ball round out the ""real four"" associations. In case you're attempting to locate the best NBA playoffs ticket at sensible costs, Eticket Pros is the place to be. We've assembled an amazing determination of tickets for the NBA's most smoking groups, without a moment to spare during the current year's playoff activity."
Supplier of Quartz Grit in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-quartz-grit-in-india.php Supplier of Quartz Grit in India, Manufacturer of Quartz Grit in India - Shri Vinayak Industries is offering high grade Quartz Grit. We produce finely processed Quartz Grit by our super efficient production unit. We are dominant supplier, Manufacturer and exporter of Quartz Grit. Usage of Quartz Grit in tiles, Ferro alloys, Ferro silicon, Ferro chrome, oil drilling, artificial granites, and electrical industries. Other applications of quartz grit are in steel industries, sugar refining, dairy farms, paper industries, chemical industries and water treatment plants.
"ITR-4 is for incorporated business. For freelancing, You can fill ITR 2 and declare the freelancing income as ""income from other source"". Refer to the Income Tax website for more details"
It's good friend. You seemed like a nice person when I was glancing through your history, which isn't what I could gather from the other guy (or what a person could probably gather from mine).   I'm just on edge for a midterm today, and spent far too much time sharpening the fangs in my reply last night.  I have Turkish nephews because my sister married a Turkish exchange student some years ago.  I remember staring at my screen one afternoon almost exactly a year ago, and worrying over them because I couldn't contact her during the first hours of the coup. Having to live in a country like that would be extremely unsettling for me.  I wish you the best of luck.
"I mean, this would apply to every person of any consequence in the country ever.  Every president, every fed chair of every branch, every lead economist, every senator. There is *always* some ""moron"" who thinks they know better for some simple reason.  If someone proposes stimulus, there's some guy somewhere that's like ""This guy is a fool."" If the same guy the next day proposes austerity measures, some other guy will be like ""You're missing a very simple and obvious thing that I learned on the internet.""  So. I would assume that Bernanke would answer your question with a simple ""No. There's a reason why I'm the Fed chair, and they are not."" It's when the people of high mental fortitude begin to question his conclusions that he needs to worry.  I do think he has a responsibility to back up his actions with results, though."
Note that folks may also be shopping for supplies for a nonprofit tax-exempt organization. I made such a purchase a few weeks ago. Whatever the legal basis of the exception,  you need to be able to prove to the store that you have it. If you can't,  they must collect the tax.
"Delta airlines like most of corporate america basically amounts to an organization of thieves. They wasted 2 hours of my time with this same bait and switch tactic this author wrote about. You hit purchase button, and the fair goes up ""due to demand"".  Just like the author I went back through the website and tried to buy the ticket again, which was still being advertised at the original price only to have the same message at the end of the process, saying ""due to demand the ticket price has gone up""  Charlatans, thieves, assholes! Wasted so much of my time today! How can this be legal??? I hope Delta goes out of business. They certainly wont get any more of mine!"
I hope I'm not reading this correctly.  'The rules and regulations that were put in place to stop the 2008 meltdown of the world economy from happening again are being rolled back by US President Trump.'    Does that mean that world economy can be fucked again by Trump?
I doubt it, they never knew who those loans belonged to even a decade ago . .there is no way the underlying assets even if identifiable will be performing or marketable.  It was a simple bank fraud, where banks bundled up all their worthless shit in alphabet soup and the rating agencies rated it aaa and it blew up . . its still the same worthless shit
They're not just giving away money because they're nice, they're doing what they think (or hope) is a good business decision. Even if they lost money on that particular transaction, there are still positive effects such as OP telling the story about how great BestBuy is which will get more people in their stores, many of which won't be as rigorous in their price checking or will possibly buy other items once they're in the store.  You can't look at one sale in a vacuum to make a determination like that.
Wal-Mart? How are they going to compete with this monster. Grocery shopping is also a kind of social experience that it seems humans need. I'm no fan of walyworld taking out almost every small grocery store they can. Don't know,might get interesting. Hopefully get a price war going and then the customer will benefit.
I'm all for short term help, but I don't think feeding people just enough money to exist for the rest of their life is really helping.  All it does is enable them a shitty existence instead of forcing them to find a better way.
"But do you know about a US state risking to go default now or in the past? Ultimately, a US state could go into default.  However, I doubt that such a scenario would be allowed to transpire. This seems to happen to California with some regularity.  That is, risking default.  What would happen is not quite well known: ""There is no provision for a state to go bankrupt,"" Kyser said. ""I don't think anyone really knows what will happen or even if the state will go into receivership if it does default. I can tell you this, officials are looking at all the (current) laws."" (source) I believe that the answer to your question is that it could happen, but likely would not be allowed to occur.  The nature of the EU and US are quite different.  The individual states forming the US are not separate nations.  For better or for worse, the US is a stronger federation than the EU. (Something that is lamented at times when the Feds mess with the purview of the locals.)"
where did all this money come from?  Investing in a currency, whether it's bitcoin, gold, USD, or another country's currency, is a risky investment because the average trader loses money (after transaction fees). This is not true of the stock market, since successful companies actually produce wealth. So in short, money made from selling bitcoin comes from the people buying your bitcoins. why has bitcoin performed so well over the past year? This is an extremely difficult question to answer, but I can point out some of the most prominent factors. This last point is one of the biggest. With all the recent hype, more and more people want to try to get in on the action. No one can tell when or if the bubble will pop, though.
"It's never going to be a huge moneymaker. Trillian tried, but frankly Trillian existed because people didn't want to be running a bajillion different messengers and the big ones were open enough that it presented an opportunity for someone to make a single platform.  I'm still using Trillian because AIM and ICQ still work on it, but with AIM going down I'm probably gonna trash it. Trillian itself is pretty obnoxious these days and a lot of the ""features"" are pretty much trash. I just want something that has a minimal interface, allows for single contacts across multiple messengers to be logged in a unified way, and has a mobile offering that doesn't suck. It fails across the board.  All the ""newer"" messengers (FB, Discord, Skype, etc) don't allow worthwhile third party interaction, so we're back to the days of needing a half dozen things open and using resources to stay in touch -- and all of them have significant drawbacks as well.  Shit, IRC is looking damned good now that I think about it."
I suppose it depends on how liquid you need, and if you're willing to put forth any risk whatsoever.  The stock market can be dangerous, but there are strategies out there that will allow you to insure yourself against significant loss, while likely earning you a decent return.  You can buy and sell options along with stocks so that if the stock drops, your loss is limited, and if it goes up or even stays where it's at, you make money (a lot more than 1% annually). Of course there's risk of loss, but if you plan ahead, you can cap that risk wherever you want, maybe 5%, maybe 10%, whatever suits your needs.  And as far as liquidity goes, it should be no more than a week or so to close your positions and get your money if you really need it. But even so, I would only recommend this after putting aside at least a few thousand in a cash account for emergencies.
"Yes, but it depends on WHICH other currencies the country's money is depreciating against, and to what extent.  This is why China ""pegging"" the renminbi/yuan to the dollar is an issue, it means Chinese goods do NOT become more expensive in the US."
it's not a scam. it's not even too good to be true. frankly it's the lowest sign up bonus i've ever seen for a credit card. you would be better off signing up for a flagship card from one of the major banks (e.g. chase sapphire, citi double cash, discover it, amex blue). those cards regularly offer sign up bonuses worth between 400$ and 1000$.  however, you can't get all the cards at once. noteably chase has a fairly firm limit of 5 new cards per 24 month. the other banks have similar, less publicized limits on who they will approve for a new card.  so, by applying for this amazon card you are hurting your chances of getting far more lucrative sign up bonuses. it is however worth noting that those larger bonuses usually come with a minimum spending requirement (e.g. spend 1k$-3k$ in the first 3 months)
"You uncle is liable to pay ""Capital-Gains"" tax. Essentially the sale price less of cost would be treated as gains. The gains are taxed at 10% without indexation and 20% with Indexation.  The capital gains tax can be avoided if your uncle invests the gains into specified ""Infrastructure bonds"" or buys another property within a period of 3 years. The funds need to be kept in a separate ""Capital Gains"" account and not a regular savings account till you buy another property within 3 years."
My assumption here is that you paid nearly 32K, but also financed about 2500 in taxes/fees.  At 13.5% the numbers come out pretty close.  Close enough for discussion. On the positive side, you see the foolishness of your decision however you probably signed a paper that stated the true cost of the car loan.  The truth in lending documents clearly state, in bold numbers, that you would pay nearly 15K in interest.  If you pay the loan back early, or make larger principle payments that number can be greatly reduced. On top of the interest charge you will also suffer depreciation of the car.  If someone offered you 31K for the car, you be pretty lucky to get it.  If you keep it for 4 years you will probably lose about 40% of the value, about 13K. This is why it is foolish for most people to purchase a new vehicle.  Not many have enough wealth to absorb a loss of this size.  In the book A Millionaire Next Door the author debunks the assumption that most millionaires drive new cars.  They tend to drive cars that are pretty standard and a couple of years old.  They pay cash for their cars. The bottom line is you singed documents indicating that you knew exactly what you were getting into.  Failing any other circumstances the car is yours.  Talking to a lawyer would probably confirm this. You can attempt to sell it and minimize your losses, or you can pay off the loan early so you are not suffering from finance charges.
"That's great that you have saved up money. You are ahead of your peers. I would advise against investing in an index fund. The attraction of the idea is that you will get the same return as the base item. For example, an index fund of gold would supposedly give you the same return as if you bought gold. In reality this is not true. The return of an index fund is always significantly below the return of the underlying commodity. Your best strategy is to invest in something you know and understand. There are two books that can help you learn how to do this: ""One Up on Wall Street"" by Peter Lynch and ""The Intelligent Investor"" by Benjamin Graham. Buying, reading and following the guidance in these two books is your best investment of time and money."
Transferwise is a new peer-to-peer service that's setup to lower fees for international money transfers: https://transferwise.com
No. The gain on RSU is not a capital gain, it is considered wages and treated as part of your salary, for tax purposes. You cannot offset it with capital losses in excess of $3000 a year. If you have RSUs left after they vest, and you then sell them at gain, the gain (between the vesting price and the sale price) is capital gain and can be offset by your prior years' capital losses.
It was after Trump became the presumptive nominee.  But Thiel could have done it with any Republican candidate before or after this election - if his purpose was taxes/moving the Republican party to support gay marriage, he could have done it with literally ANY other candidate and not paid nearly as high of a personal cost.   Thiel saw an opportunity for America that was worth that cost to him.
Earth hour isn't about saving money or the environment. It is just a feel-good publicity stunt.
"Yes, it is, but first let me address this sentence: my current withholding on my W4 is already at 0 so I can't make it   lower You definitely can make it lower. On W4, in addition to the allowances (that what you meant by ""already at 0""), there's also a line called ""additional withholding"". There, you put the dollar amount that you want your payroll to withhold from your paycheck each pay period. So the easiest way to ""send"" a one time payment to the IRS, if you're a W2 employee, would be to adjust that line with the amount you want to send, and change it back to 0 next pay period. You can also send a check directly to the IRS - follow the instructions to form 1040-ES. That is exactly what that form is designed to be used for."
"Yes, you're still exposed to currency risk when you purchase the stock on company B's exchange. I'm assuming you're buying the shares on B's stock exchange through an ADR, GDR, or similar instrument. The risk occurs as a result of the process through which the ADR is created. In its simplest form, the process works like this: I'll illustrate this with an example. I've separated the conversion rate into the exchange rate and a generic ""ADR conversion rate"" which includes all other factors the bank takes into account when deciding how many ADR shares to sell. The fact that the units line up is a nice check to make sure the calculation is logically correct. My example starts with these assumptions: I made up the generic ADR conversion rate; it will remain constant throughout this example. This is the simplified version of the calculation of the ADR share price from the European share price:  Let's assume that the euro appreciates against the US dollar, and is now worth 1.4 USD (this is a major appreciation, but it makes a good example):  The currency appreciation alone raised the share price of the ADR, even though the price of the share on the European exchange was unchanged. Now let's look at what happens if the euro appreciates further to 1.5 USD/EUR, but the company's share price on the European exchange falls:  Even though the euro appreciated, the decline in the share price on the European exchange offset the currency risk in this case, leaving the ADR's share price on the US exchange unchanged. Finally, what happens if the euro experiences a major depreciation and the company's share price decreases significantly in the European market? This is a realistic situation that has occurred several times during the European sovereign debt crisis.   Assuming this occurred immediately after the first example, European shareholders in the company experienced a (43.50 - 50) / 50 = -13% return, but American holders of the ADR experienced a (15.95 - 21.5093) / 21.5093 = -25.9% return. The currency shock was the primary cause of this magnified loss.  Another point to keep in mind is that the foreign company itself may be exposed to currency risk if it conducts a lot of business in market with different currencies. Ideally the company has hedged against this, but if you invest in a foreign company through an ADR (or a GDR or another similar instrument), you may take on whatever risk the company hasn't hedged in addition to the currency risk that's present in the ADR/GDR conversion process. Here are a few articles that discuss currency risk specifically in the context of ADR's: (1), (2). Nestle, a Swiss company that is traded on US exchanges through an ADR, even addresses this issue in their FAQ for investors. There are other risks associated with instruments like ADR's and cross-listed companies, but normally arbitrageurs will remove these discontinuities quickly. Especially for cross-listed companies, this should keep the prices of highly liquid securities relatively synchronized."
Postmodernist-marxist pushing agenda..    In reality democray is still the only option,  the key is an informed public..  And I think we are going through a big change with this now..   Why not make a paper related to public important knowledge on democratic issues, teach them how to make informed decisions..  That would be a real contribution to society,  this paper is filth.
Doesn't appear to keep other companies from doing it successfully. Besides Sabian (Zildjian's spin off company), Paiste, Meinl &amp; Dream are a couple relatively recent cymbal manufacturers who, while not commanding the same market share, are nonetheless profitable and popular among drummers.
Lol..the MSM is using the nazi card to discredit all of Trumps supporters. It isnt going to work because we dont support nazis. We support free speech and the right to assemble peacefully.  [We know who we are. Dont let them brand us with their vitriol and hateful rhetoric.](http://i.magaimg.net/img/15ug.jpg)
"&gt;better off working a job wherein you actually produce something good for people to make money rather than just siphoning funds from others  FFS why do you even read /r/finance if this is the type of advice you're going to give? You're just as bad as the ""banksters"" if you think that quants contribute nothing of value.  If that's not what you mean, write more clearly next time."
I worked on the Top Gear China special, we deliberately picked cars that were a bit shit but we were also very careful not to irk the Chinese public by openly mocking their vehicles, I think we were quite diplomatic.   That show was ten years ago, the Chinese cars I see today are incredibly incredibly better - the Chinese rivals (in terms of price) to the Hyundai Sonata are virtually on par with Jaguar/Mercedes in terms of interior environment. Weak in powertrains tho.
"All the other answers posted thus far discuss matters from the perspective of US tax laws and are unanimous in declaring that what the OP wants to do is indeed a very bad idea. I fully agree: it is a bad idea from the perspective of US tax laws, and is likely a bad idea from the perspective of Indian tax laws too, but what the OP wants to do is  (or used to be) common practice in India. In more recent times, India has created a Permanent Account Number (""PAN number"") for each taxpayer for income tax purposes, and each bank account or investment must have the owner's (or first-named owner's, in case of a joint account) PAN number associated with it.  This most likely has decreased the popularity of such arrangements, or has led to new twists being used. The OP has not indicated the residence and citizenship of his family (or his own status for that matter), but if they are all Indian citizens resident in India and are Hindus, then there might be one mechanism for doing what the OP wants to do: apply for a PAN number in the name of the Hindu Undivided Family and use this number to carry out the investments in the name of the Hindu Undivided Family.  (There presumably are similar statuses for undivided families for other religions, but I am not familiar with them). There are lots of matters here which are more legal questions than personal finance questions: e.g. if the OP is a US tax resident, then the family presumably will not be able to claim Hindu Undivided Family status since the OP has been divided from the family for tax purposes (or so I think). Even if HUF status is available, the OP might not be able to act as the pater familias while his father is alive, and so on.  Consultation with tax lawyers, not just chartered accountants, in India is certainly advisable."
Yeah, Target's failure was a special sort of scenario where they worked too quickly and made lots of important mistakes that ultimately doomed the venture.  Sears Canada's failure, on the other hand, seems to be a more traditional business failure.
Agreed, most artist would *love* to get paid for their hobby. but that doesn't entitle them to profit. here's how I think of it - when the car was mass produced, railroads probably saw a huge drop in profits. the marketplace changed, and where once it was possible to turn a huge profit, now it was only possible to turn a portion of that profit. What if, in attempts to regain their profits, railroads pushed for regulations of the road so that only certain sized vehicles could drive on it? (Loose analogy, i know) The point is that the marketplace changes and NO ONE is *entitled* to profits for their work. Entertainment supply has skyrocketed with the internet and therefore it's value has diminished. But even still, hollywood and record labels make huge profits, look at how overpaid actors are. the industry can't expect to keep raking in these insanely inflated profits.  Other industries have to deal with similar problems, e.g. shoplifting. They chalk it up as a cost of doing business, and come up with creative ways to deter it. They could easily do this successfully with piracy (steam being the role model).  All in all, yeah, i think a sharing economy is a very healthy alternative. And maybe in the future films and such will be funded through crowdfunding methods such as kickstarter. But in the meantime we cannot allow these industries to influence legislation and introduce dangerous laws that infringe on the freedom of our internet. they seem to think that they have the RIGHT to maintain their already huge profits, and we need to put them back in their place.
How about sperm donors? Did they choose how their sperm is used?   Did the children of that sperm and egg choose their parents?   How about animals? Do they choose their parents as well?   I have the family I have through pure luck. Unless there's some kind of heavenly website or registry that I'm not aware of, it's sperm and egg that make a child and nothing else.
Get the best online shopping deals at shopallitems.com and gain excellent shopping experience. The craze of e-commerce sites has scaled high up! Allowing the customers to shop from their comfort zone, e-commerce shopping sites amazingly save time and effort spent for physical shopping. A trusted e-commerce shopping portal that offers a wide range of Electronics products online in uae at affordable price range is essential. If one wants to purchase any sports &amp; fitness products or any electronics items then selecting the dedicated section, one can select the products easily.
If a company is public, and they record a 2016 profit of 100mil. Say there is shareholder A and shareholder B who are both wealthy and own 25% each of the company. Say the remaining 50% of shares are owned by a number of funds/small time investors.   So 2016 profits are 100mil, lets say there is a dividend. Can the company still award a larger share of profits to the two big shareholders? I.e. say 50 mil of the profits go into dividend payments and another 20 mil as retained earnings to be reinvested into future projects, can the remaining 30 mil of profits be split and given to shareholders A and B?
You should be able to convert this officially. As per RBI regulation an individual can hold upto USD 2000 eq for an unlimited period of time. See the point 14 on RBI FAQ's for Fx.
It can take a while for inflation to seep into all aspects an economy and be felt by a consumer. Often, things that consumers use the most (like gasoline, wheat products, corn products, soy products, and sugar), are commodities spread across global markets with their own pricing which may be impacted by inflation in any given country.  Also, inflation can be beneficial in some ways. A $500/month mortgage payment was a big deal 30 years ago, and now would be considered trivial. That's entirely because of inflation.  Run-away inflation, where people are burning the currency to stay warm, is a different beast altogether. Be wary of people who conflate inflation, consumer pricing, and destructive currency devaluation, because they're not the same things.
This depends very much on why A is making massive losses and how big they are in relation to B. If the group has a history of successfully launching profitable brands, and A is a new brand that has high expenses (production, marketing, etc.) but not yet generating much revenue, then despite the current losses it can be seen as a source of future profits. Or A might be established but currently undergoing an expensive remodelling that promises future success. Or B might simply be a huge cash cow that funds the losses of A out of petty cash.
There is a distinct difference between 'having a degree' and 'being genuinely smart and business savvy'. If you're genuinely smart and business savvy you could theoretically break into the business world with no degree and make a decent salary. The trouble there is that many people aren't smart and business savvy until they get a degree.  On the other hand, it's very possible to get a degree and be completely oblivious about how to conduct your career (poor resume / interviewing skills, no business sense etc). In that case an MBA might not be totally useful (but probably still will be to a degree). However, if you ARE smart about how you conduct your career, an MBA should help you immensely.
&gt; How long will that transition take?  I guess it'll be as long as it takes me to become proficient enough to have value to a company.  &gt; And why did you get into construction?  I like working with my hands and at the time it seemed like a good job with opportunity to gain skills that would help me in the future. It is and was, but at this point in my life, I feel the need to make a change.  &gt; You mentioned CC debt as building the trade deficit and that isn't entirely true  I don't think that's what I said. I'm just tying up loose ends by replying to unread comments right now. About to get back to learning. If you can find the quote, I can address it.  &gt; The deficit is a symptom/outcome of some of which you know, but the decisions businesses make to outsource doesn't just add to that, but builds a skill deficit. Manufacturing is a good example of businesses outsourced and that skill seeing less and less entry level work due to it, which inhibits choice of income.  That's correct.  &gt; As for wages, a lot of countries have minimum wage laws, but to suggest one or another is disastrous for an entire country ignores a variety of economic factors that lead to a crap economy.  I was referring to a $15/hr minimum wage thrust upon our current economy. A dark part of me would actually love to see a parallel universe where it gets implemented and watch the turmoil that happens as a result. But yea, I agree, there are other factors also fucking up our economy.  My belief that a minimum wage is bad is something that I've come to believe recently, and it doesn't come lightly. The reason that businesses have gone over seas is because our workers couldn't compete on wages. Those people aren't being forced at gunpoint to work (with the exception of things like diamond mining). They chose to get those jobs because it was preferable to the alternative. So, let's say we never allowed jobs to go overseas and forced them all to stay here with high wages. Now the people in those countries are in a situation that is *worse* than working for low wages. I don't see non-americans as worth more or less than americans as far as inherent human value. Nobody is given a choice where they are born. So, I say, open trade everywhere and eliminate the minimum wage so we can compete. Sorry, I haven't really fleshed this out in my own words until this post (like I said, it's a new way of looking at the world for me).  As a non-sequitur, here's something you might find interesting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eyJIbSgdSE
Ah, but that's not how the game is played. There are no free lunches, but there are lunches that are free (or mostly free) to individuals. As someone on the receiving end of a pension, your only objective is to lock in the highest average payout. The cost of that will be borne by shareholders and customers of the business so a higher number is always better right up to the point that the company folds. And... because of the PBGC, there is a discount on the risk of the company being dragged under by its pension costs. Even if the company goes under, the pensioners still probably get *something*. Likewise, it's in a company's best interest to underfund pensions as much as possible. Paying pensions from free cash flow keeps the least dollars tied up in poor investments, leaving the company the most room to manage its assets efficiently. Likewise, corporate bosses also know that they can be aggressive with  pension promises, because they are *allowed* to under-fund those liabilities. It's a taxpayer-backed boondoggle; just because taxpayers aren't paying up-front doesn't mean they aren't the lender of last resort: that's just a political reality. There's no IRABGC waiting to bail *my* ass out if the market crashes.
you'll need 25k to start or 2k in multiple accounts, that way you have access to margin, and don't have to worry about Pattern day trading limits. Be right more than you are wrong. Go up look for 3x potential up vs down risk. Compound daily.  you can't double a penny every day every day for a month it becomes to difficult. but you can do 1%/day or maybe better. 2k compounded 1% every day becomes 75k at the end of a year (but you'll likely have to take weekends off, or look for other markets)
Lo más probable es que, a estas alturas, ya sepas perfectamente en qué consisten los microcréditos. Ahora bien, lo que quizá no sepas es que, en la actualidad, este tipo de alternativas de financiación han llegado a alcanzar e incluso superar la cifra de los 1000 euros ¡Infórmate!
Lot of factors in play. We use a lot of local produce but we need the volume to support, so if all you have is a few pallets it's not worth the logistical cost to get it out to the stores. We also inspect all of our produce so it's not as simple as delivering it direct to our stores because we do not know the quality. Smaller farms will usually try to get with a packer or broker so they can sell as much as they can without having to do the business side themselves.
I know this is heresy but if you have funds for significantly more   than 6 months of expenses (let's say 12 months), how risky would it be   to put it all into stock index funds? Quite risky as if you do need to dip into it, how fast could you get the cash? Also, do you realize the tax implications when you do sell the shares should you have an emergency? In the worst-case scenario, let's say you have a financial emergency   at the same time the stock market crashes and loses half its value.   You could still liquidate the rest and have sufficient funds for 6   months. Am I underestimating the risks of this strategy? That's not worst case scenario though. Worst case scenario would be another 9/11 where the markets are closed for nearly a week and you need the money but can't get the funds converted to cash in the bank that you can use. This is in addition to the potential wait for a settlement in the case of using ETFs if you choose to go that way. In the case of money market funds, CDs and other near cash equivalents these can be accessed relatively easily which is part of the point. A staggered approach where some cash is kept in house, some in accounts that can easily accessed and some in other investments may make sense though the breakdown would differ depending on how much risk people are willing to take. If it truly is an emergency fund then the odds of needing it should be   very slim, so why live with near zero return on that money? Something to consider is what is called an emergency here? For some people a sudden $1,000 bill to fix their car that just broke down is an emergency. For others, there could be emergency trips to visit family that may have gotten into accidents or gotten a diagnosis that they may pass away soon. Consider what do you want to call an emergency here as chances are you may not be considering all that people would think is an emergency. There is the question of what other sources of money do you have to cover should issues arise.
I could be wrong, but I doubt that Bernie started out with any intention of defrauding anyone, really.  I suspect it began the first time he hit a quarter when his returns were lower than everyone else's, or at least not as high as he'd promised his investors they'd be, so he fudged the numbers and lied to get past the moment, thinking he'd just make up for it the next quarter.  Only that never happened, and so the lie carried forward and maybe grew as things didn't improve as he expected. It only turned into a ponzi because he wasn't as successful at investing as he was telling his investors he was, and telling the truth would have meant the probability that he would have lost most of his clients as they went elsewhere.  Bernie couldn't admit the truth, so he had to keep up the fiction by actually paying out returns that didn't exist, which required constantly finding new money to cover what he was paying out.  The source of that money turned out to be new investors who were lured in by people already investing with Bernie who told them how great he was as a financial wizard, and they had the checks to prove it. I think this got so far out of hand, and it gradually dragged more and more people in because such things turn into black holes, swallowing up everything that gets close. Had the 2008 financial crisis not hit then Bernie might still be at it.  The rapid downturns in the markets hit many of Bernie's investors with margin calls in other investments they held, so they requested redemptions from him to cover their calls, expecting that all of the money he'd convinced to leave with him really existed.  When he realized he couldn't meet the flood of redemptions, that was when he 'fessed up and the bubble burst. Could he have succeeded by simple investing in Berkshire?  Probably.  But then how many people say that in hindsight about them or Amazon or Google, or any number of other stocks that turned out similarly? (grin)  Taking people's money and parking it all in one stock doesn't make you a genius, and that's how Bernie wanted to be viewed.  To accomplish that, he needed to find the opportunities nobody else saw and be the one to get there first.  Unfortunately his personal crystal ball was wrong, and rather than taking his lumps by admitting it to his investors, his pride and ego led him down a path of deception that I'm sure he had every intention of making right if he could.  The problem was, that moment never came. Keep in mind one thing:  The $64 billion figure everyone cites isn't money that really existed in the first place.  That number is what Bernie claimed his fund was worth, and it is not the amount he actually defrauded people out of.  His actual cash intake was probably somewhere in the $20 billion range over that time.  Everything else beyond that was nothing more than the fictionalized returns he was claiming to get for his clients.  It's what they thought they had in the bank with him, rather than what was really there.
If you own a medium sized or large online business, then buying or developing a shopping cart and integrating other required software with it will not solve your problem. You need a more extensive solution. Integrated ecommerce software consists of all the software you need in one place. You will can not only manage your online store.
Wow.  I'm disappointed that they are actively striving to get more women into those positions instead of actively striving for a pure meritocracy, in which the best candidate gets the job.    An objective study didn't conclude what they wanted it to, so let's change the rules so we can put politics ahead of the truth.
STEM activities which mean Science Technology Engineering and Math are the entire buzz in education. Kids enjoy finding out how things work out through hands-on projects, fun and educators love knowing that they are also preparing their students for their tech future. In this program, participants of STEM For Kids program will learn and know how to make a basic computer programs &amp; codes for games etc. Get more details on hands-on projects on STEM For Kids at: https://gamedesignsummitforkids.wordpress.com/2017/09/25/hands-on-projects-on-stem-for-kids-2/
Advantage: more money.  The financial tradeoff is usually to your benefit: Given these, for having your money locked up for the average length of the vesting periods (some is locked up for 3 months, some is locked up for nearly 0), you get a 10% return.  Overall, it's like a 1.5% bonus for the year, assuming you were to sell everything right away. Of course, whether or not you wish to keep the stock depends on how you value MSFT as an investment. The disadvantage lies in a couple parts:
They also eliminate the risk associated with that loan, and get the money back to find a loan to someone else, possibly at a higher rate. It really is just about financially neutral for them.
"&gt; They deficit spend. They increase prosperity and thus demand.  But what I'm saying is that there are more efficient ways of accomplishing this that doesn't involve any debt whatsoever. If the the debt money being spent is coming from your paycheck in the form of an increased cost of living then merely increasing the ratio of wages to capital returns would provide the same benefit without debt. In fact, this means of driving demand is so efficient that if you take it too far it'll drive stagflation when the cost to capital returns exceeds an optimal ratio.   &gt;The interesting side effect is, that they are making the economy do better  Yes, it certainly does over a limited number of years following the debt incurred. But it is ONLY an economic benefit because that same demand has already been taken from the economy in the form of wage suppression. As a ratio of returns and not absolute values. If those wage returns were too high relative to returns, like in the 1970s in the US, then driving more demand through debt spending would be the opposite of a benefit. It's ONLY a short term benefit because that demand has already been taken from your wages.  &gt;The government gives you more income than it takes from you in taxes.  This is true in more ways than one, and I'm not absolutely certain in which sense you mean it. In terms of say the earned income tax credit, it's nowhere near enough to cover the losses incurred through wage suppression. In terms of teachers, infrastructure up to a point, etc., these things have a productive return on investment.  &gt;Every bit of cut spending removes income from the population.  No. Not that the spending cuts being done are anything but harmful and costing the economy. But paying people to count flies on roadkill is not helpful at all. And if it results in a net positive it's because the economy is in a bad state of mismanagement, with wages (as an aggregate ratio of returns) too suppressed for a healthy economy. It's like cutting people and saying it benefits the economy by increasing the sale of band-aids and driving demand for doctors. Of course the band-aids help, but it doesn't mean the policies that makes it a benefit anything but a cost.   Once wages, as an aggregate ratio of returns, exceeds an optimal ratio, [like in the 1970s](http://www-tc.pbs.org/prod-media/newshour/photos/2012/12/06/Andrew_Smithers_chart_blog_main_horizontal.JPG), then every new increase in demand results in a new deficit in supply that cannot be met due to constraints on capital returns. I call this a supply constrained economy, as opposed to the demand constrained economy we now live in. In this kind of economic environment there would even be any short term benefits to funding consumption with debt.  So basically you have two choices. Make everybody wealthy enough to match supply, while trying not to exceed it to avoid triggering too much inflation and encouraging investment in new productive capacity. Or suppressing wage returns too much relative to total returns inducing excessively low, and potentially negative, inflation. Making almost everybody much poorer than necessary. Then trying to fix the imbalance between supply and demand through debt spending. I would call the second choice a fools choice.  But none of this means that funding for teachers, social workers, etc., should go away. These things need their funding, and we should be paying the taxes to fund them. Not pretending that debt spending will let of have our cake and eat it to. It's like a pot luck dinner in which people bring IOUs in place of dishes until people are leaving dinner hungry because there's not enough to go around.  &gt;Our economic trouble has nothing to do with efficiency and how much work needs to be done, and everything to do with how much money people have to spend.  That is in fact true in our present economic circumstances. But that situation was created by wage suppression relative to total returns in aggregate. But, as the 1970s demonstrated, the opposite can also be true. This realization is what drove the Reagan revolution. Only the Fed policy operates, monetary easing and all, on the assumption that this is driven by the employment rate, or [NAIRU](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAIRU). It's not. It's driven by the aggregate ratio between capital to labor returns. And leads to bad economic conditions differently at both extremes. Which is why they find our present economic situation an enigmatic mystery.   The mistake of thinking ""how much money people have to spend,"" i.e., strictly demand side driven economics, is what created the economic problems that lead to Reagan. Only now the power structure takes the opposite extreme. In which supply side driven economics has become an article of faith. This is why the older generation, like myself, say and believe such bat shit crazy things about the economy today. The same older generation now that now drives politics. Because they came of age in the 1970s when what you are saying would have been a phenomenally bad policy. A policy that gave us stagflation that many classical Keynesian's thought impossible before then. They can't believe something that was so bad can now be a good thing. But it in fact is. Because the important thing for prosperity and growth is the optimal balance between supply and demand. Not the argument over whether the economy is supply side driven or demand side driven. Because either of those agendas can push the economy out of balance.  Automation will pretty certainly change everything about economics in the coming years. But that is not why we are in the situation we are in at this particular moment."
"Some theory that is, it's probably even more basic than that.  ""We need to control this area so that Russia and China don't control it. Now let's come up with a million and one reason to justify it""  -probably some US foreign policy decision maker"
After collecting information via web searching, the comments above, and a additional call to BOA, i have concluded the following to the best of my knowledge. Zelle Transfers are final. Irreversible. As Jay mentioned above, funds are subtracted from the sending account before the transfer is made, therefore it eliminates sending funds that do not exist. I validated this information with BOA, and the BOA representative said that once a zelle transfer is initiated and the receiving party has received the funds, it can no longer be canceled. Funds received by the receiving party is credited immediately. I will note that the BOA representative was a BOA representative and not a Zelle representative. I say this because the representatives seemed to be slightly weary in answering my questions about Zelle, as if he was looking up the information as we spoke. If someone is reading this and plans to transfer huge amount of cash from a highly likely malicious user, i would recommend contacting Zelle or your personal bank directly to further validate this information. Zelle, from what i can find, is a fairly new technology. I could not find a Zelle contact number via the web for questioning, so i can only rely on the knowledge on my BOA representative.
I like your reasoning, the car is the most emotional product a person buys on average, that is true. But I still feel charisma has to have some impact on consumers. Presidential candidates do have an impact, celebrities do as well. Both academically proven. Did not Steve Jobs have an impact? Who knows... Nobody ever looked into it...
"Get fucked with that idiocy mate. You can cut the data seven ways to Sunday.   &gt;""Americans absolutely confirm they believe America is the land of opportunity and that people should have equal opportunity if they have the skills,"" said Diana Elliott, research officer for the Pew Charitable Trusts’ Economic Mobility Project, in an interview. ""The data fly in the face of what Americans have believed and what they say they believe in our polling work.""   &gt;Pew found that economic mobility is largely an accident of birth. Currier points to the fact that 66 percent of people born in the lowest two income levels remain there as adults, and exactly 66 percent of people born at the highest two income levels stay there as adults, a phenomenon called ""stickiness at the ends."" http://www.pewtrusts.org/~/media/legacy/uploadedfiles/pcs_assets/2012/pursuingamericandreampdf.pdf   &gt;In particular, previous analyses of economic mobility in the United States and other industrialized nations reveal that the United States has less, not more, mobility than its northern neighbor. That is, one's family economic background is more likely to influence one's economic outcomes in the United States than in Canada. http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/reports/0001/01/01/chasing-the-same-dream-climbing-different-ladders  &gt;One way to think of the estimated elasticity of children’s income with respect to their parents’ is to ask how much of a given income advantage observed in the parental generation is preserved in the children’s generation. Miles Corak exem- plifies this for the difference observed in the United States for families with children under the age of 18.15 The top fifth of such families have about 12 times as much income as the bottom fifth. If the intergenerational persistence of income was equal to one, that income advantage would be transferred in whole to the next generation. That is, the children of the richest fifth would have 12 times as much income as the children of the poorest fifth. If the intergenerational persis- tence of income were equal to zero, none of that advantage would be present among the children of these groups. Corak reported that U.S. estimates of the elasticity vary in the range of 0.4–0.6, corresponding to an inherited income advantage of between 2.70 and 4.44 for the richest fifth compared to the poorest fifth. Elasticity at these levels means that the children whose parents were among the richest fifth (i.e., parents whose income was 12 times that of the poorest fifth) grow up to earn about 3 to 4 times as much as the children whose parents were among the poorest fifth. Thus, their income advantage was roughly half that of their parents. http://www.irp.wisc.edu/publications/focus/pdfs/foc262g.pdf     All you logic 100 students can go Fuck a duck with your idiocy"
&gt;A demand deposit cannot be lent out without inherent risk of systematic banking collapse  Actually, they can be and this happens every day. Inside every bank is a function called the treasury which is tasked with managing this operation - among other things. I have worked in a bank treasury as a quantitative analyst so I'm happy to answer any more specific questions you might have regarding how we manage liquidity.
"Taxability depends on residential status when the $ were earned. If it was earned during his status as ""Non-Resident"" in India, then its tax free. If the money was earned when his tax status was resident in India, then its taxable as per the tax bracket. Edit: Taxability does not depend on whether to transfer the money into India, or keep it out of India or bring it as Cash or Electronically. It only depends on NRI status. Of course transferring the funds into NRE makes the paperwork simpler in case there is a scrutiny."
You have to sit down with HR for the school district. The options involved with with parents working for the same employer can be handled multiple ways. Unless you are a very small district, this situation has come up before. They will tell you what they allow, and then you have to determine which one saves you the most money. Also look into how the deductibles will work with the two policies. You also need to look at options for the two policies. For example if there are different levels of dental: you may not want to cover an orthodontist  on the single plan.
Neither site offers index futures or options pricing.  Your best best is likely to get the quote from a broker who supports trading those vehicles. Free sites usually limit themselves to stocks and sometimes to options chains -- the exception is Reuters where just about any security for which you have the reuters formatted trading symbol can be quoted.
"The pension is indeed the clear winner and you haven't missed anything. It's easiest to just compare everything in current numbers as you've done and ignore investment opportunities. Given you expect to pay off your student loan in full, you should consider the repayment as a benefit for you too, so the balance is between £580 after tax and £1138 in your pension. As you say under the current tax regime you'd probably end up with £968 in your pocket from the pension. Some harder to value considerations: You might consider there's political risk associated with the pension, as laws may change over the years - but the government has so far not shown any inclination to penalise people who have already saved under one set of assumptions, so hopefully it's reasonably safe (I'm certainly taking that view with my own money!) Paying more towards your student loan or your mortgage is equivalent to investing at that interest rate (guaranteed). If you do the typical thing of investing your pension in the stock market, the investment returns are likely higher but more risky. In today's interest rate environment, you'd struggle to get a ""safe"" return that's anywhere near the mortgage rate. So if you're very risk averse, that would tilt the balance against the pension, but I doubt it would be enough to change the decision. Your pension might eventually hit the lifetime allowance of £1mn, after contributions and investment growth. If that's a possibility, you should think carefully about the plan for your contributions. If you do go over, the penalties are calibrated to cancel out the difference between higher-rate and basic-rate tax - i.e. cancelling out the tax benefits you outlined, but not the national insurance benefits. But if you do go over, the amount of money you'd have mean that you might also find yourself paying higher-rate tax on some of your pension income, at which point you could lose out. The lifetime allowance is really complicated, there's a Q+A about it here if you want to understand more."
&gt;I've heard horror stories about their dev processes. Most of the tests failing being considered okay,**interns with root access to production db servers**, and other things.  I've had friends that interned at FB, and they told me this is true. Apparently it's a running joke that Facebook gets more unstable during summer, and every time the site slows or crashes it can be attributed to an intern pushing out bugged code.
What's the future of oil and its economic impact.  1. On one side, it's nice that some countries have decided to ban gas powered cars in 20 or so years along with the likes of Tesla and home solar power having some success.   2. But, we still need plastics and possibly a host of other chemicals produced from petroleum - so there will be demand, but of a smaller (?) or different kind.  3. There would be a huge upheaval (I imagine) in the industries in the current oil supply chains and also countries (Saudi Arabia for e.g.) and the global/ middle eastern politics too (?).
"Any kind of credit contract such as a mobile phone contract (could be SIM only or with a handset) would also help increase your number of accounts and demonstrate a track record of responsible management and repayments. If you have a Pay As You Go phone at present consider a SIM only contract with the same network, and if your parents currently pay for your phone consider if it would be worth switching it into your own name. Also make sure that you are registered on the Electoral Role at your permanent address and have at least a minimum payment direct debit set up on your credit card (even though you state you intend to repay in full) to make sure you don't forget a payment as this will disproportionately affect your score when combined with young age and few other accounts. Lastly ensure that you have a decent amount of ""head room"" on your rolling credit accounts like credit cards and aren't using more than 80% of the credit available to you through your monthly spending, if necessary by asking for an increased limit from your company (and then not using it)."
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has had a zero growth operating budget for something like, 4 years now, and employment level is at the lowest it's been in decades. The amount of work that needs to be done is still the same, so the fewer people have to work more overtime.
"The difference between dividend and growth in mutual funds has to do with the types of stocks the mutual fund invests in. Typically a company in the early stages are considered growth investments. In this phase the company needs to keep most of its profits to reinvest in the business. Typically once a company gets a significant size the company's growth prospects are not as good so the company pays some of its profits in the form of a dividend to the shareholders.  As far as which is the best buy is totally a personal choice. There will be times when one is better then the other. Most likely you will want to ""diversify"" and invest in both types."
"I cannot stress this enough, so I'll just repeat it:  Don't plan your finances around your credit score.  Don't even think about your credit score at all.  Plan a budget an stick to it.  Make sure you include short and long term savings in your budget.  Pay your bills on time.  Use credit responsibly.  Do all of these things, and your credit rating will take care of itself.  Don't try to plan your finances around raising it. On the subject of 0% financing specifically, my rule of thumb is to only ever use it when I have enough money saved up to buy the thing outright, and even then only if my budget will still balance with the added cost of repaying the loan.  Other people have other rules, including not taking such loans at all, and you should develop a rule that works for you (but you should have a rule).  One rule shouldn't have is ""do whatever will optimize your credit score"" because you shouldn't plan your finances around your credit score.   All things considered, I think the most important thing in your situation is to make sure that you don't let the teaser rate tempt you into making purchases you wouldn't otherwise make.  You're not really getting free money; you're just shifting around the time frame for payment, and only within a limited window at that.  Also, be sure to read the fine print in the credit agreement; they can be filled with gotchas and pitfalls.  In particular, if you don't clear the balance by the end of the introductory rate period, you can sometimes incur interest charges retroactively to the date of purchase.  Make sure you know your terms and conditions cold. It sounds like you're just getting started, so best of luck, and remember that Rome wasn't built in a day.  Patience can be the most effective tool in your personal finance arsenal. p.s. Don't plan your finances around your credit score."
shorting mbs required buying a cds. part of the reason demand for mbs was so strong was because the cds was so cheap, and it seemed like risk free profit.  more people buying cds would have decreased mbs demand.  mbs are a FI security, so lower demand=higher interest rates
If credit scoring works in the UK like it does in the US, then I think the fact that you own+use a credit card and pay off your everyday expenses will give you perfectly good credit.  Just keep doing what you're doing. I have seen people in the United States with very high credit scores based solely upon owning & occasionally using a credit card, paid in full and on time every month.
The problem here is that the metrics that are used to track the economy are looking for things like growth and change. In a perfect world, everyone would have exactly what they need and there would no need for economists because the economy would be static.
Right, he wrote that and is busted for price-gouging in multiple states (New York, California), so perhaps he's not really following his own model?  I don't associate corporate social responsibility (CSR) with deliberately overcharging customers.
It may have it's basis in Italian cuisine, but chains with cheap and fast pies that are made to be exactly the same wherever you buy them are fast food. Just because Taco Bell may have copied Mexican food doesn't make their concoctions Mexican food.
The economy. Which has a pretty strong effect on most people's lives. You can't throw 90% of energy subsidies to one part of the industry which produces a fraction of the rest of the industry without negatively affecting consumers (everyone). Because you're idealistic and don't understand that it is basic economics.   https://www.eia.gov/analysis/requests/subsidy/ Renewables get $15B + compared to about $4B combined for oil, coal, and natural gas, while producing only 13% of total energy.  So, you've got much larger industries in oil, especially, that receive less money for doing a more efficient job of providing energy. That means they can't lower their prices.  There's also a further $12B in subsidies for transmission or delivery.
"Other responses have focused on getting you software to use, but I'd like to attempt your literal question: how are such transactions managed in systems that handle them? I will answer for ""double entry"" bookkeeping software such as Quicken or GnuCash (my choice). (Disclaimer: I Am Not An Accountant and accountants will probably find error in my terminology.) Your credit card is a liability to you, and is tracked using a liability account (as opposed to an asset account, such as your bank accounts or cash in your pocket). A liability account is just like an asset except that it is subtracted from rather than added to your total assets (or, from another perspective, its balance is normally negative; the mathematics works out identically). When you make a purchase using your credit card, the transaction you record transfers money from the liability account (increasing the liability) to the expense account for your classification of the expense. When you make a payment on your credit card, the transaction you record transfers money from your checking account (for example) to the credit card account, reducing the liability. Whatever software you choose for tracking your money, I strongly recommend choosing something that is sufficiently powerful to handle representing this as I have described (transfers between accounts as the normal mode of operation, not simply lone increases/decreases of asset accounts)."
Your freelance income will not qualify you for the work-from-home deductions, for that you would need a T2200 form signed by your employer. But, you are allowed to be self employed as a sole-proprietorship while still being an employee of another company. If you take that route, you'll be able to write-off even more expenses than those you linked to. Things like a portion of your internet bill can be claimed, for example. But note that these deductions would only apply to offset the self-employment income, so if you're not earning very much from the freelance work, it might not be worth all the hassle. Filing taxes when self-employed is definitely more complicated, and many people will get professional tax preparation help - at least for the first time.
"Buying shares back is an indication that the company has nothing better to do with their money.  True.  However, buying the shares back is essentially moving money around, the firms (or individuals) they buy from, will invest their money differently.  Mergers and acquisitions are productive though.  The idea is that you combine things to work more efficiently.  For example, a small startup might have a great product but not a lot of infrastructure or cash.  So the big guys with both buy em up.  Or, big companies might have redundant expenditures in infrastructure or employees, and by merging they can produce more efficiently.  The term you keep using ""real economy"" is a strange one.  The above parties are part of the real economy.  Really.  What, may I ask, is your education in economics?  What books have you read on the subject, classes taken, jobs worked, podcasts listened to, etcetera, that are giving you these ideas?"
Yeah well I have 2 kids and they never gave her any leave. What I have found out is that even thou some companies offer it but they are not obligation to pay a woman for that time off.     So she can take it just not be paid.
"3) NOT to claim her as my dependent. No additional tax return (since   she is NOT my dependent), but also no penalty. My end of year balance   would be $0 No. Not claiming her as a dependent does not save you from being responsible for her penalty. You are responsible for her penalty if she is your dependent (i.e. she meets the conditions for being your dependent), regardless of whether you claim her on your tax return or not. If you have the option of claiming her or not, then she is your dependent, and you are responsible for her penalty. 26 CFR 1.5000A-1(c)(2)(i): For a month when a nonexempt individual does not have minimum   essential coverage, if the nonexempt individual is a dependent (as   defined in section 152) of another individual for the other   individual's taxable year including that month, the other individual   is liable for the shared responsibility payment attributable to the   dependent's lack of coverage. An individual is a dependent of a   taxpayer for a taxable year if the individual satisfies the definition   of dependent under section 152, regardless of whether the taxpayer   claims the individual as a dependent on a Federal income tax return   for the taxable year. [...] Form 1040 instructions, Line 61: [...] If you had qualifying health care coverage (called minimum essential   coverage) for every month of 2015 for yourself, your spouse (if filing   jointly), and anyone you can or do claim as a dependent, check the box   on this line and leave the entry space blank. Otherwise, do not check the box on this line. If you, your spouse (if   filing jointly), or someone you can or do claim as a dependent didn’t   have coverage for each month of 2015 you must either claim a coverage   exemption on Form 8965 or report a shared responsibility payment on   line 61. [...] So you cannot check the box and must report exemptions for your sister, or report a shared responsibility payment. Form 8965 instructions, Definitions, ""Tax household"": For purposes of Form 8965, your tax household generally includes you,   your spouse (if filing a joint return), and any individual you claim   as a dependent on your tax return. It also generally includes each   individual you can, but don't, claim as a dependent on your tax   return. [...] Your sister is part of your tax household regardless of whether you claim her, and you must compute her shared responsibility payment for any months she did not have insurance and did not qualify for an exemption."
As a 19 year old if she can get SSDI instead of SSI her benefit amount will be calculated by her parents' contributions ... if either parent is deceased or over 62 then she qualifies for SSDI instead of SSI and I believe she would receive the full benefit amount. I'd guess that would be something in the $1400+ range.  I see no reason why you couldn't get married either way ... at least not from a financial perspective.  I'd be worried about being on the hook for her medical expenses. Therapy, meds, hospital visits, side-effects, etc ... that's a good way to spend the rest of your life owing millions.
(I live in the UK and along with my wife we both drive Volkswagen cars.) A few factors: VW is widely acknowledged as having some of the best diesel car engines.  -Now lot of people are questioning if diesel car will be outlawed. VM management has just said they don’t know what their workers are doing! The USA has made it clear they will create pollution law in a way that benefit their own car makers.   (E.g. they don’t care about CO2.) If not diesel cars, then it needs hybrid or electric cars to get good MPG – VM is not seen as a leader in these. Hybrid cars tend to be gas as diesel engines cost too much. VW is no longer looking like a nice safe investment!   I think VW will recover, but it may get worse for them before it gets better - trying to call the bottom of a stock is high risk.
I'm starting my 3rd year of college in a few months and it will be my first year at Rutgers university after having been at community college. I'm transferring in as a finance major, and if there are any recommended materials I should read over the summer it would be greatly appreciated.
"Can I claim a 20% of the interest paid over the period of Oct/2015 through Mar/2017 (18 months) when I file for IT returns this year in Mar/2017? Yes you can. Does my name not being the first name affect my eligibility of claiming the relief? No you can claim relief. Joint owners need to file a declaration on the quantum of relief claimed. Both can't claim 100%. Does that mean I my claiming the 20% relief on interest (and the remaining 80% over subsequent years) is in effect moot as my ""taxable"" income cannot go negative (meaning the govt cannot/will not return some money I have paid as IT in prior years)? If you have no other income on which tax is payable; then Yes it is irrelevant. Does that mean as long as I continue to work in the US (already having become a NRI), have little or no income in India, I cannot claim any future relief regarding the principal or interest? Yes that is right."
Do you have any support for the statement that IL pensions are 'among the most generous in the entire country'.  When last I looked at some data from an AEI study ca. 2015, IL wasn't toward the top.  It isn't the terms of the pensions as much as fiscal mismanagement in funding them.
On last nights episode of The Profit Marcus made an offer to the owner of a coffee company. The owner said up front he has 51% with the remaining 49% split between two early investors.  Marcus asked for 40%, said the owner will have 40% and the investors will be reduced to 20%.  Question is how can the owner agree to that deal and take equity away from the investors? It's not his percentage to sell.
"Your source does not support the claim above that ""foreign buyers are screwing everyone, particularly upper middle class people from China"". Foreign direct investments are beneficial to the economy and knee-jerk protectionism does more harm than good. Sure, in the short term, an increase in real estate investment will increase property prices due to the rise in demand. However, housing developers and tenants will respond by increasing the supply of affordable housing elsewhere eventually reaching price equilibrium. There will always be displacement in a dynamic and robust economy but I guess it's easier to make out foreign investors as the boogeyman."
&gt; Well, you still have to pay to ship &amp; store paper, ink, binding materials, and book-binding printers &amp; parts.  Sure, but now you're storing and shipping raw materials able to be used in any of the books they print, so you need much less of the raw material to be able to handle the demand of all your printed books.  You don't have to estimate so closely exactly how much of each specific book you need, or worry about ordering too many or not ordering enough. You just need to order 50 gallons of ink, 100 reams of paper, and so on, and if you miscalculate you don't need a shipment from back east or overseas or the distributor's warehouse 200 miles away to resupply you, you just walk across the parking lot to Staples and buy some more paper and ink.
I do this very thing, but with asset allocation and risk parity in mind. I disagree with the cash or bust answers above, but many of the aforementioned facts are valuable and I don't mean to undermine them in anyway. That said, let's look at two examples: Option 1: All-in For the sake of argument let's say you had $100k invested in the SPY (S&P 500 ETF) in early 2007, and you kept it there until today. Your lowest balance would have been about $51k, and at this point the possibility of you losing your job was probably at a peak. Today you would be left with $170k assuming no withdrawal. Option 2: Risk Parity BUT if you balanced your investments with a risk parity approach, using negatively correlated asset classes you avoid this dilemma. If you had invested 50% in XLP (Consumer Staples Sector ETF) and 50% in TLT ( Long Term Treasury ETF) your investments low point would have been $88k, and your lowest annual return would be +0.69%. Today you would be left with $214k assuming no withdrawals.  I chose option #2 and it hasn't failed me yet, even in 2016 so far the results are steady and reliably given the reward. My general opinion is simple: when you have money always grow it. Just be sure to cover your ass and prepare for rain. Backtesting for this was done at portfoliovisualizer.com, the one caveat to this approach is that inflation and a lack of international exposure are a risk here.
"That seems to happen a lot. A lot of awesome potential is utterly wasted because old people are in charge who are too used to things being _one_ way to see that things are changing. They figure that if they just stay put they'll anchor reality and things will stay the way they always have. They're vital, they're necessary, the world can't move very far without them!  Nope. Sorry. The world says, ""Bye!"""
The real utility of online groceries is coming around the bend, when you have the IoT capability to do automatic reorders of things you have just used up. Stores will still exist, but I believe that in the near future, shopping for your staples is going to be done automatically. [Suck it Jin-Yang.](https://i.imgur.com/I9ur6b6.gif)
&gt;if the Millenials are still hard up for work), then employers will likely defer to candidates that they deem to be more mature.  Realistically, they would likely think the younger one is more mature.  Reason being, a Gen Y'er that has been unemployed for a while, companies make the assumption that there must be something wrong with them if noone hired them.  Not special to Gen Y though.  Anyone who is unemployed for a long period of time they make that assumption.  The longer you are unemployed, the less likely companies want to hire you, it's a vicious circle.
They better explode for their sake or this might be the beginning of the end for them. Especially since their website/domain hasn't been working correctly for them in the past days as well.  I also heard this was happening with Vazvu too, right? Something with the fact that their domain may have leaked, so I'm wondering who's going to snatch it up.
When you take any money out of an HSA, you'll get a 1099-SA. HSAs work a little differently than a 401(k).  With a 401(k), you aren't supposed to take any money out until retirement.  HSAs, however, are spending accounts.  I take money out of my HSA every year. As long as you spend the money you take out of your HSA on qualified medical expenses, there are no taxes or penalties due.  The bank that holds your HSA doesn't know or care what you spend the money on; they will certainly allow you to empty your HSA account.  Anything you take out will be reported to the IRS (and to you) on a 1099-SA.  At tax time, along with your tax return, you send in a form 8889, on which you report to the IRS what you took out of HSA, and you also certify how much of that money was spent on medical expenses.  If any of it was spent on something else, taxes and penalties are due.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-27/climate-shocks-may-cost-u-s-1-billion-a-day-as-planet-heats-up) reduced by 75%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Stronger hurricanes, hotter heat waves, more frequent wildfires and more severe public-health issues are all adding to the costs of climate change, which will reach almost $1 billion a day in the U.S. within a decade, according to a report released Wednesday.  &gt; Total costs to address the impact of rising temperatures will swell 50 percent by 2027, to $360 billion annually, according to the study from the Universal Ecological Fund.  &gt; If global warming goes unchecked, corn and soybean production may fall as much as 30 percent in the next three decades, costing farmers as much as $25 billion annually, according to the study.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/73888a/climate_shocks_may_cost_us_1_billion_a_day_by_2027/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~218914 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **economic**^#1 **study**^#2 **billion**^#3 **U.S.**^#4 **change**^#5"
I'd take a look at some graphs and chart the price of bitcoins and its value. You'll be surprised that it follows basically any other vehicle for money. There were several times where the price of bitcoin dropped drastically and ontop of that, there is a wide margin of error that could cost you your entire wallet with no equivalent to a FDIC insurance or possibility of government/federal intervention in the event of theft.
I don't see any reason to worry about a check being deposited via cell phone. There isn't anything you can write on a check to make it physical deposit only or similar.  If you really want to keep your check from being read electronically you could always smudge the numbers but you run the risk of the bank not cashing it and possibly getting a return check fee.
You should plan on your monthly payment (Principal + Interest + Escrow) being a conservative percentage of your take home pay.   No matter your cash savings, if your housing is 60% of your take home pay you are going to have trouble keeping up on the house. My target for housing is that a 15 year, fixed rate mortgage should be under 25% of my take home pay.   For some people, they find that too conservative.  I think the exact percent is a risk/reward preference.  Some people like the 25% number but look at a 30 year mortgage. Whatever you do, don't buy a house at the limit of what the bank thinks you can afford :)  Historically, they have been more willing for me to spend my money than I have been.
There's no rule of thumb but the purpose of candlesticks of any kind (fixed, volume weighted etc.) is to display the intra-period price action. So if you'd fit 3 years worth of 1 minute bars on a chart, candlesticks become useless and you might as well use a line chart.
Timeshare and resort packages are a popular option for people who take frequent vacations. But are they a good deal? Many people sign up due to attractive sales pitches but are then disappointed by the actual package. It's a good idea to read reviews from experienced travelers.
Funny how stealing becomes OK after you hit a certain limit of how much you steal and who you steal it from, isn't it?  People seem more and more to have some sense of entitlement and selfishness.  I read the article and got the sense that it said the corporations should not be allowed to go bankrupt so easily, where a lot of people here read it that common people should be allowed to be as dishonest as the corporations.  Hopefully, there are more people like you and me in the world, and less like the greedy ones.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://billmoyers.com/story/coal-small-kentucky-town-builds-healthier-creative-economy/) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Another addition to the Hub is a housing nonprofit that aims to fund more affordable housing by encouraging a maple syrup economy in the area.  &gt; The launch of Hemphill Catering and the success of the bluegrass festival help illustrate how Hub partners have rebounded from the loss of coal revenue to become more self-reliant and entrepreneurial-something the Hub promotes, Fink says.  &gt; Efforts are underway to write a culture hub training curriculum for other poverty-stricken Kentucky communities and Hub staff have been meeting with other organizations in Kentucky and nationwide to encourage creation of other culture hubs.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6gy2sx/after_coal_a_small_kentucky_town_builds_a/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~142774 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Hub**^#1 **Culture**^#2 **community**^#3 **Johnson**^#4 **work**^#5"
You'll need to read all the fine print with your particular credit card, but in general, if there is no annual fee and you don't make any purchases, you don't pay anything.
Well, there are many reasons that Lehman and Bear were allowed to go under. Lehman had much more exposure to real estate than Goldman and JP, and they were also the very first domino to fall, back when people didn't think the crisis was a full-blown crisis yet.  As for Bear? I think the Fed harbored some hard feelings after the LTCM thing.
I actually didn't do the math with your numbers, but I recall Sal from Khan Academy did a nice video about your question, challenging the notion that it is always better to buy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL10H_EcB-E
A student on F1 working under the conditions of the OPT program is exempt from FICA taxes. Once you switch to H1b - you no longer have the exemption. You can use form 8316 and form 843 to request the refund, if the employer cannot or will not refund the withholding. Employer is the first stop, but keep in mind that you have 3 years at most to request the refund after filing the tax returns for the year in question (or when they should have been filed, if you didn't). Detailed instructions here.
My employer offers a citrix based interface that I can connect to from anywhere and do work stuff. It's basically a virtual machine running somewhere on corporate servers, complete with Office package, access to my virtual drive, etc. I think that this sort of set-up is probably the way to go with BYOD, except it's a bit slower and more awkward than working directly on your device. But it still won't stop people from forwarding stuff to webmail, and neither will Siri and dropbox bans. The user is still the weakest link in any corporate security scenario.
Find the Best Joondalup Plumbers Online.  Having plumbing problems at your homes, offices or other places of business? Worry no more because you have already found the solution. Joondalup Plumbers is a one stop, one click online source of information that can present you with all the best plumbers and plumbing services available and reachable within the Joondalup locality.
"I didn't idly pick the SF Bay as my model. That place was literally ""Rust-Belt West"" after industrial contraction starting at the end of WWII and continuing through the '70s.   But the Silicon Valley boom didn't revitalize the former industrial areas, but merely a few 'gentrified' spots, *like where those buses originate*.  Those 400K new 'service/support' jobs *won't pay enough* to allow the workers to live *in the city*. They'll be commuting from *beyond* the upper-crust suburbs you mention, [just like these Californians](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/17/business/economy/san-francisco-commute.html)."
Sorry to hear about your situation.  It sounds like you would agree with the sentiment that we're being asked to put in more time without pay.  To be honest with you, I worked retail when I was in HS, and I have many friends who were serially employed in retail.  I've rarely seen retailers deviate from this pattern.  Managers are mostly idiots, and employees are treated like sub-humans.  Honestly, you just need to leave retail.  It sounds like you're biding your time until something better comes along - that's the right way to look at it.
"All this is completely true, but I was going for a more basic level theoretical.  In this case, yes, one person not paying of their loans would not hurt anything (except the person in question as you point out), but if ""people"" not paying of their loans *is* bad as it would rob money from the system (basically $0 of the $30 would come back, or at least so little that the banks stopped loaning).  While the government can inject money, that could only go so far.  Really, I was just trying to explain why not paying off loans was bad for the economy even though staying in sustainable debt is good for the economy (but not necessarily the individual).  Thanks for the info though."
Get a debit Visa Card and load it up. Be aware you may not be able to use it for check in. You could then use the maxed out card to check in, but pay with the debit Visa. You will still need to be solvent, you are still going to need to pay as you go.
You are not the person or entity against whom the crime was committed, so the Casualty Loss (theft) deduction doesn't apply here. You should report this as a Capital Loss, the same way all of the Enron shareholders did in their 2001 tax returns. Your cost basis is whatever you originally paid for the shares. The final value is presumably zero. You can declare a maximum capital loss of $3000, so if your net capital loss for the year is greater than that, you'll have to carry over the remainder to the following years. IRS publication 547 states: Decline in market value of stock.   You can't deduct as a theft loss the decline in market value of stock acquired on the open market for investment if the decline is caused by disclosure of accounting fraud or other illegal misconduct by the officers or directors of the corporation that issued the stock. However, you can deduct as a capital loss the loss you sustain when you sell or exchange the stock or the stock becomes completely worthless. You report a capital loss on Schedule D (Form 1040). For more information about stock sales, worthless stock, and capital losses, see chapter 4 of Pub. 550.
Here's how the police currently operate...  You are forced to fund them with your tax money, but if they fail to protect you or your property, you get NOTHING in return. If you pay a home owner's insurance company, and you get robbed or your house burns down... they fully reimburse you. What exactly are we getting for our police dollars? They come *after* the crime, and then put the criminal in jail at *our expense*. We lose both ways. It's pretty clear that insurance is preferable to police, and that insurance companies should expand their operations to include active security personnel to patrol their insured properties and people, while the government's police force should be disbanded and give us that portion of our taxes back.  I just want to get more people realizing what a con job government's monopoly services are in terms of what we get for our money. Every where the government services interface with us they involve forcing us to stop in some capacity. Their transportation vehicles stop in the middle of the roads (school buses and city buses), and their solution to intersections (stoplights) are pathetic in comparison to roundabouts which don't leave half the cars stopped at any given time. They spend $4-6 Trillion in wars against desert morons because the other branch of govt which was supposed to round up immigrants who overstayed their visas failed. WE pay for their failure. We've been forced to pay over $16 TRILLION over 50 years for welfare checks to people who are more likely stupid than intrinsically needy (i.e. poor due to circumstances rather than basic stupidity). $16,000 BILLION we could have had to fund on the things we want more of, such as space research, roads, better technology.
I think the key thing is flexibility - the money is not tied in with the offset mortgage. If you find a better investment, you can always take some of it out and put it towards that instead. Once it matures, if there is nothing good to reinvest in, then it can go back into the offset mortgage. Once you have had money in the offset account, even if you take it out, you have already (irreversibly) saved money on your mortgage. Right now you would be pressed to find an instant access ISA with a rate higher than 1.5%, so if you need immediate access, then the offset account seems good. On the other hand, for retirement, you might be saving longer term, and then you can get an ISA rate of 3%, currently, which may be better for a part of the money (or perhaps the upcoming Lifetime ISA with 25% yearly bonus may make sense for part of the money), if you do not need easy access to all of it. As Dilip says, this assumes you want safe investments.
"There are loans. Usually they're secured by the assets, and you also cosign them personally. Your own credit worthiness comes to play, your own assets are in jeopardy. As to what it is that you're buying - no, it is not necessary for the seller to sell you the building. You might buy the business, but not the actual space it occupies. In fact, the space may not even belong to the seller. You may find yourself taking over the lease, which is in fact a liability, not an asset. You should agree with the seller on what exactly it is that you're buying. You should ask for a full inventory list that would include all the assets and the liabilities that would be transferred to you. Lease, as mentioned, but you might also ""buy"" loans, debts, lawsuits, and god knows what else that is attached to the business."
"The simplest thing to do here is to speak to your employer about what is allowed.  This should be spelt out in your company's ""Stock Options Plan"" documentation.  In particular, this document will include details of the vesting schedule.  For example, the schedule may only allow you to exercise 25% in the first year, 25% in the second year, and the remainder in the third year. Technically I can see no reason to prevent you from the mix-and-match approach you are suggesting. However, this may not be the case according to the schedule specification."
"##Beef on weck A beef on weck (also known as beef on wick) is a sandwich found primarily in Western New York. It is made with roast beef on a kummelweck roll. The meat on the sandwich is traditionally served rare, thin cut, with the top bun getting a dip au jus and spread with horseradish.  The kummelweck roll (sometimes spelled ""kimmelweck"" or ""kümmelweck""), topped with kosher salt and caraway seeds, gives the sandwich its name and a distinctive taste.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove"
"&gt;How does ""doing business in"" something increase its value? By this logic, all businesses should be successful.  When you work, you are creating value. Even if your business fails within the first year, there's still all the value you have created such as: hiring handypeople to fix up your businessplace, hiring people to work at your business, buying office supplies, etc. Just because you didn't profit off of your business doesn't mean that other people didn't.   &gt;you're basically saying ""Things are currently like X, therefore things should (and would) be like X under a different legal structure.""  How do you think the concept of money came about?   &gt;I can't take this line of argument seriously, I'm sorry.  Why not? This is the reason that hedge fund managers and CEOs pay so little in taxes...most / all of their compensation is in stocks and bonds, taxed as investment income. If you were paid in gold, i'm sure you could claim the same.   &gt;You're emotionally invested in a fiat paper standard.  That's sillie: i'm emotionally invested in a gift economy. I *accept* a fiat paper standard."
The intrinsic value of a company is based on their profits year on year along with their expect future growth. A company may be posting losses, but if the market determines there's any chance they will turn a profit one day, or be a takeover target, it assigns value to those shares. In normal times, you'll observe a certain P/E range. Price to earning ratio is a simple way to say the I will pay X$ for a dollar's worth of earnings. A company that's in a flat market and not growing may command a P/E of only 10. Another company that's expanding their products and increasing market share may see a 20 P/E. Both P/Es are right for the type of company involved.
Wait.. hold on, is this good news or bad news? I didnt see any information if these were good jobs? We all know some jobs a total shit, so did we add 209,000 shit jobs? Do these jobs pay a liveable wage, whats the quality of life these jobs will create? Will these jobs provide health care or require any government assistance? Will these jobs create greater social service dependencies because that wouldnt be anything to celebrate. At face value, these jobs could actually increase everyones taxes due to the fact the government supports low wage earners via food stamps, health care, etc. I believe this headline would hold a lot more weight if we had a better understanding of the facts.
I did you rude dude, one pullout is not a big deal, and it doesnt cost the state anything for the factory to not be built. They got tax breaks for a factory that never got built so they wouldnt have had to pay taxes anyway. There was nothing quantifying infrastructure costs incurred by the state.
You will need to register as self-employed aka sole trader (that's the whole point: pay taxes on income that you're not getting as wages from an employer, who would arrange PAYE/NI contributions), or set up a limited company (in the last case you would have the option of either getting paid as wages or as dividends — which one is better is a complex issue which varies from year to year). You'll find lots of advice on the HMRC website.
Yes, truckloads of cash. /s  It's exactly the same as your example, when people say to pay for a car in cash, they don't meany physical bills, but rather the idea that you aren't getting a loan.   In most acquisitions, the buyer will usually pay with their own stock, pay in cash, or a combination of both.
Lets not forget he dodged the draft because he was too big a coward to fight for his country, and now he is going to put Americans in Harms way because he wants to save face . . .this idiot belongs in the Looney bin
"Think that was the point. In fact the blog even says it. Because terrible customer service experiences are more common than not these days, a good one - even an adequate one - stands out.   And I don't think it resulted in ""I love the brand"". But it did result in the product and company remaining in the consumer's home (a form of marketing in itself)."
I trust the 401(k) was a traditional, pre tax account. There was no tax paid, and any withdrawals would be taxable. The account could go to zero, and there's no write off, sorry. I have to ask - were there any withdrawals along the way? What was it invested in that lost 90% of its value?  Edit - I'm sorry the OP came and went. It would be great to have closure on some of these issues. Here, I'm thinking as Duff said, malpractice, or perhaps a 401(k) that was 100% in company stock. Seems we'll never know.
Those terms apply for businesses operating in the US, yes. The main takeaway should be to think of whether or not you need access to tons of capital, will have substantial risk of liability, or will operate with a partner. If the answer to all of these is no, you should use the structure which is most convenient/best for your taxes. I would look up sole proprietorships and see if that matches the definition of a sole trader.
In my experience buy-to-let mortgages charge a higher rate of interest than an personal residential mortgage.  They are regarded as a business enterprise and presumably the banks calculate that they carry a higher risk.  A bank would probably take action if the property on an ordinary mortgage was rented out, as you would be breaking their terms.  Policies could be rendered void.  The terms on an ordinary mortgage disallow renting out the property.
You will likely need to open an account in another EU country, like a broker operating out of France, Britain or Germany, to get the best options.  If you are comfortable using an english language site and interface, I highly recommend Interactive Brokers as they let you trade in many markets simultaneously, have simple currency conversion, and great tools.  But, they are geared toward active traders so you might be better with a more retail oriented broker if you are new to trading stocks. There are many options.  Here is a list to start with:
Price doesn't mean anything.  Price is simply total value (market capitalization) divided by number of shares. Make sure you consider historical dividends when hunting for big yields.  It's very possible that the data you're pulling is only the annualized yield on the most recent dividend payment. Typically dividends are declared in dollar terms.  The total amount of the dividend to be issued is then divided by the number of shares and paid out.  Companies rarely (probably never but rarely to avoid the peanut gallery comments about the one company that does this) decide dividend payments based on some proportion of the stock price.   Between company A and company B paying approximately the same historical yield, I'd look at both companies to make sure neither is circling the tank.  If both look strong, I'd probably buy a bit of both.  If one looks terrible buy the other one.  Don't pick based on the price.
&gt;Samsung’s revenue for the quarter was KRW 47.82 trillion, a decrease of KRW 3.87 trillion YOY  &gt;The company estimated that the stronger Korean won against major currencies in the third quarter negatively impacted operating profit by approximately KRW 700 billion, mostly on the components business side.  Just so people know what is being remarked about here.
sure it is  they are saving on distribution  and paper costs  so they pass the savings onto you with increased costs.  so what it is a joy to read.  thats also a little less than half the price of my cable.  thats retarded.
I thought this was really thoughtful.  Thanks for sharing.  I work in SV and am pretty disturbed by the culture that is now starting to see the light of day.  I'm glad the light is finally being shone on it.  In my opinion, it is every bit as bad as it seems.
I am not sure whether this hold in all countries, but at least in the Netherlands my bank allows for investment in funds without charging transaction costs. The downside is that these funds charge an annual fee of about 1%, but for the amounts you are talking about this definitely sounds more attractive than the alternative. As an alternative, you could ofcourse just take care of the transaction costs. That way your child can see their funds develop as you put it into different stocks without being distracted by the details. Of course you feel the 'pain' but I believe the main lesson stands out most this way.
"The danger of overdrawing the account via the use of a debit card, and the exorbitant fees that can result make me hesitant to use a debit card. The ability to cover all the transactions with one payment is why I use a credit card for these ""debit"" transactions.  Yes there is a risk of a late payment, but that can be easily avoided within the three week grace period. The ability to electronically transfer the money to pay off the card makes this even easier."
That's not helping your case.   &gt; WARNING This kit definitely contains dangerous things. While the xNT transponder device has undergone several quality checks during manufacture and has been put through a battery of tests with various private labs, it has not been tested or certified by any government regulatory agency for implantation or use inside the human body. Use of this device is strictly at your own risk.
I have worked for companies that have done this. One did have a match and the other did not. When they figured their profit at the end of the year a portion was given to the employees as a 401K deposit.  retirement-topics-401k-and-profit-sharing-plan-contribution-limits Total annual contributions (annual additions) to all of your accounts   in plans maintained by one employer (and any related employer) are   limited. The limit applies to the total of: elective deferrals employer matching contributions employer nonelective contributions allocations of forfeitures The annual additions paid to a participant’s account cannot exceed the   lesser of: 100% of the participant's compensation, or $54,000 ($60,000 including catch-up contributions) for 2017;  $53,000   ($59,000 including catch-up contributions) for 2016. So as long as everything stays below that $54,000 limit you are good. In one case the decision was made by the company for the employee, the other company gave us the option of bonus check or 401K. I heard that most of the employees wanted the money in the 401K.
"Look for states that have no income tax. A lot of these states supplement their revenue with higher property taxes, but if you rent and do not own property in the state, then you will have no state tax liability. Similarly, many states treat capital gains no differently than income tax, so if you make your earnings due to a large nest egg, then way you will still incur no tax liability on the state level Look for ""unincorporated"" areas, as these are administrative divisions of states that do not have a municipal government, and as such do not collect local taxes. Look for economic development perks of the new jurisdiction. Many states have some kind of formal tax credit for people that start business or buy in certain areas, but MONEY TALKS and you can make an individual arrangement with any agency, municipality etc. If the secretary at city hall doesn't know about a prepackaged formal arrangement that is offered to citizens, then ask for the ""expedited development package"" which generally has a ""processing fee"" involved. This is something you make up ie. ""What is the processing fee for the expedited development package, quote on quote"" States like Maryland and Nevada have formalized this process, but you are generally paying off the Secretary of State for favorable treatment. You'll always be paying off someone."
"You may be missing how countries like Canada may have oil be more of the GDP than countries like the US. In Canada, the lower oil prices may mean more of an economic slowdown with oil companies laying off staff, canceling projects and some companies probably going under as some provinces like Alberta are highly dependent on oil prices to drive most of the economy. In contrast, the US isn't quite as rich in Energy sources and thus may not have the same issues would be my guess. Context matters here. If the rate change helps everybody, doesn't that include the oil producing companies? I'd like to think so using basic logic. What if the main reason for lowering rates was the economic fallout of the decrease in oil prices? Consider that the there would be the question of, ""Why do this now?"" that has to be answered and the only main change is lower oil prices on a macroeconomic level."
The guy is crazy, but I thought revoking was harsh. The secret service interviewed him after a recent facebook post about buying a strand of hillary clinton's hair for $5k from her booksigning so he could check her DNA like the one he has a copy of.  If anything, he needs a padded cell not a max security prison cell. He's there until January now...
Enertec Windows is the best available option when it comes to double glazed windows. Whether you need them for your home, or even for a commercial property, we have all kind of window products that will suit every kind of need.
There are people whose strategy revolves around putting orders at the bid and ask and making money off people who cross the spread.  If you put an order in between the current bid/ask, people running that type of strategy will usually pick it off, viewing it as a discount to the orders that they already have on the bid/ask.  Often these people are trading by computer, so your limit order may get hit so quickly that it appears instantaneous to you.  In reality, you were probably hit by a limit order placed specifically to fill against yours.
So? If the executives have mismanaged the company (and let's not pretend that's what's happening here -- Sears has been being systematically butchered for years at this point, so it's _worse_ than ineptitude), _why the fuck are the executives getting paid instead of existing obligations being at least partially funded_?  If I go to work at a car wash and do such a shit job that I run half a dozen vehicles through the wash with all the windows rolled down, I'm probably not only getting fired, but I'm likely going to be on the hook for damages. Executives pretty much get away with anything that isn't literally criminal in a lot of these cases, and the fact that Sears has been getting parted out for _years_ makes it obvious that they knew full well that it'd be coming to this.
&gt;Don't shakedown other less profitable industries to subsidize industries that are overflowing with cash.  Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't see how that is at all the case with what is happening here.   Their pay is in line with others in the industry. If you consider the cost of living where they are located, it is above average. If you are making an analogy such as a sports team that pays the industry average, ok, but I don't see the point.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.bradford-delong.com/2017/05/monday-smackdown-physics-professor-phil-price-the-nimbyist.html) reduced by 76%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Must-Read I disagree with Noah Smith: reading Phil Price convinced me that Phil Price is an idiot, that for many, many people NIMBYism is not a &amp;quot;Flawed but serious package of ideas&amp;quot; but rather &amp;quot;Simple ignorance&amp;quot;-or, perhaps, rather, very hard work to remain ignorant, in a way that is supportive of the &amp;quot;Selfishness of incumbent homeowners trying to feather their own nests... [and] white people trying to exclude poor minorities from their communities while still appearing liberal...&amp;quot;.  &gt; Always remind people that the price of an apartment... doesn&amp;#039;t come built into its walls and floors.  &gt; Acknowledge that induced demand is a real thing, and think seriously about how new housing supply within a city changes the location decisions of people not currently living in that city.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ejttl/monday_smackdown_physics_professor_phil_price_the/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~133580 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **people**^#1 **apartment**^#2 **city**^#3 **think**^#4 **NIMBY**^#5"
"House prices do not go up.  Land prices in countries with growing economies tend to go up.  The price of the house on the land generally depreciates as it wears out. Houses require money; they are called money pits for a reason.  You have to replace HVAC periodically, roofs, repairs, rot, foundation problems, leaks, electrical repair; and all of that just reduces the rate at which the house (not the land) loses value. To maintain value (of the house proper), you need to regularly rebuild parts of the house.  People expect different things in Kitchens, bathrooms, dining rooms, doors, bedrooms today than they do in the past, and wear on flooring and fixtures accumulate over time. The price of land and is going to be highly determined by the current interest rates.  Interest rates are currently near zero; if they go up by even a few percent, we can expect land prices to stop growing and start shrinking, even if the economy continues to grow.  So the assumption that land+house prices go up is predicated on the last 35 years of constant rigorous economic growth mixed with interest rate decreases.  This is a common illusion, that people assume the recent economic past is somehow the way things are ""naturally"".  But we cannot decrease interest rates further, and rigorous economic growth is far from guaranteed. This is because people price land based on their carrying cost; the cost you have to spend out of your income to have ownership of it.  And that is a function of interest rates.  Throw in no longer expecting land values to constantly grow and second-order effects that boost land value also go away. Depending on the juristiction, a mortgage is a hugely leveraged investment.  It is akin to taking 10,000$, borrowing 40,000$ and buying stock.  If the stock goes up, you make almost 5x as much money; if it goes down, you lose 5x as much.  And you owe a constant stream of money to service the debt on top of that. If you want to be risk free, work out how you'd deal with the value of your house dropping by 50% together with losing your job, getting a job paying half as much after a period of 6 months unemployment.  The new job requires a 1.5 hour commute from your house.  Interest rates going up to 12% and your mortgage is up for renewal (in 15 years - they climbed gradually over the time, say), optionally. That is a medium-bad situation (not a great depression scale problem), but is a realistic ""bad luck"" event that could happen to you.  Not likely, but possible. Can you weather it?  If so, the risk is within your bounds.  Note that going bankrupt may be a reasonable plan to such a bit of bad luck.  However, note that had you not purchased the house, you wouldn't be bankrupt in that situation. It is reasonably likely that house prices will, after you spend ~3% of the construction cost of the house per year, pay the mortgage on the land+house, grow at a rate sufficient to offset the cost of renting and generate an economically reasonable level of profit.  It is not a risk-free investment. If someone tries to sell you a risk-free investment, they are almost certainly wrong."
From an Indian tax point of view, this transaction is not taxable to you or your father.
"If your fiancée took a title loan out on your truck you won't be able to trade it in for another vehicle until you pay the loan. The dealer will likely take your ""slightly newer"" truck back because you won't be able to produce the title for the trade until the other debt is settled. Title loans are a terrible idea. You should probably try to pay that loan off as quickly as possible regardless, because interest rates are terrible on these loans.  I will update this answer if you add details about the circumstances of the current loan on your truck."
Legitimate, yes.  However, cosidering the fact that Chinese working conditions are often far from ideal to begin with, that even though the salaries are increasing considerably, the majority  of people would never pay extra for fair trade. Organic , big city people with higher living standards, yes quite possibly considering the food safety issues. Majority, no way, too expensive.  Any business idea based on fair trade in China is nothing but wishful thinking in my humble opinion.
Cute little bookstores? I didn't know you had such contempt for them. I guess you've never been to one in your life other than to buy a sugary drink. Joke's on you, it's those drinks and the huge ass they've made in you what now has you strapped to your smelly sweaty chair clicking that filthy mouse with your clammy hands.
I think people would probably buy it more if the brand didn't have so much negative buzz... It's like, someone recently asked me why I bought a BB (hadn't I heard how much financial mess they were in?), and I had to explain that despite the company's poor stock performance, the keyboard still works just as great as ever, and I still really like the interface (personal preference). The company may appear to be sinking, but even worst case I think there's a few years left in them.
"I personally found the ""For Dummies"" books, on property investment, very helpful and a great primer. I found them unbiased and very informative, laying out the basic principles. Depending on your knowledge it can provide you with enough of a foundation to have an informed conversation with banks/real estates etc.  Watch the markets for a while (at least 6 months) to know what prices vendors will be expecting and rents tenants will be expecting, most property magazines will also contain a suburb summary in the back.  When you get closer to purchase make sure to ask your bank for the RP Data reports on the properties you are looking at, the banks will typically provide these for free. I also set out some points for myself which I made clear for myself at the beginning: This might provide a good starting point and really narrow down your research options as generic research on property investment can be overwhelming. I ended up with a 3 Bedder in western Sydney that has so far happily paid for itself. Building a good relationship with real estate agents and attending lots of open homes/auctions and talking to other investors can only help.  I was once told if you attend free property investment seminars you will always learn at least one new thing (be it statistics, methodologies, finance options etc ), with that in mind always keep a level head, leave your wallet at home and don't sign up to anything.  At the end of the day keep a cool head, don't stop reading and rush nothing."
I don't see it happening (a north african airport hub). Whilst I commend your cynicism on this day of enforced gorging on bullshit (Merry Christmas), at some point 'doing the right thing with the right intentions' will trump short-termism and finding loopholes.
"Congratulations on your graduation and salary.  You are in a great career field (I know from experience.)  As a background, I would feel pretty confident in your salary as demand for SE is pretty high right now.  During my career there were times that demand was pretty to very low.  Somehow I survived 2001 & 2002, but 2003 was a pretty rough year for me. Here is what I would do if I were you.   Paying off the smallest loans first gives you some great ""wind in the sails"", and encourages you to keep going.  I really like this approach despite being not the most mathematically efficient.   I'd reduce my car loan payment back to $200/mo. and put that as the last one to pay off.   With the tax refund, and any money left over, I pay off the student loans smallest to largest.  I would also consider reducing your savings to something around the 1K->2k range, and use that to pay down debt. If you use your tax refund, and some of the savings you'd have like 34K left to pay off.  Could you do that in like 14 months?  I think you could depending on your other expenses.  No more than 18 months, and if you really worked hard and picked up some work on the side maybe a year.   That is what I would do."
The formula for determining the number of payments (months) you'll need to make on your loan is:  where i=monthly interest rate (annual rate / 12), A=loan amount (principal), and P=monthly payment. To determine the total interest that you will pay, you can use the following formula:  where P=monthly payment, N=number of payments (from above formula), and A=loan amount (principal). A quick example: using the numbers in the screenshot above ($10,000 loan, $500 monthly payment, 10% APR), the number of payments ends up to be 21.97 (which means that payment number 22 is slightly less than the rest).  In the second formula, you take that number times your $500 payment and determine that you have paid $10,984.81 over the course of the entire loan period.  Subtracting the principal, you have paid $984.81 in total interest. On your spreadsheet, the function you are looking for is NPER: NPER(rate, payment_amount, present_value, [future_value, end_or_beginning]) rate - The interest rate. (This should be the monthly rate, or the annual rate divided by 12.) payment_amount - The amount of each payment made. (For a loan payment, this should be a negative number.) present_value - The current value of the annuity. (The initial principal of the loan) future_value - [ OPTIONAL ] - The future value remaining after the final payment has been made.  (This should be 0, the default if omitted.) end_or_beginning - [ OPTIONAL - 0 by default ] - Whether payments are due at the end (0) or beginning (1) of each period.
&gt; You could also interpret these actions as satisfying consumer wants, instead of as some sort of conspiracy.  Except that the want didn't exist before the product/company was introduced.  &gt; If you, as an individual decided to pawn of responsibility for for purchases on other people, you'd be seen as ridiculous, and rightly so.  This is a core difference between the political left and right.  The right believes we are autonomous and our decisions are our own.  The left believes we and the choices we make are strongly shaped by our environment.  The older I get them more I realize the right is wrong on this one.  &gt; Exactly how much better than everyone else do you think you are?  *chuckles* Ad hominem much?  I am often amazed how easy it is to manipulate me.
I have not opened any NRE/NRO account before coming to Finland.  This is in violation of Foreign Exchange Management Act. Please get this regularized ASAP. All your savings account need to be converted to NRO. Shall I transfer funds from abroad to both NRE and NRO account or I can transfer only to NRE account in India? You can transfer to NRE or NRO. It is advisable to transfer into NRE as funds from here can be repatriated out of India without any paperwork. Funds from NRO account need paperwork to move out of India. I am a regular tax payer in abroad. The Funds which i'll transfer in future will attract any additional tax in India? As your status is Non Resident and the income is during that period, there is no tax applicable in India on this. Few Mutual Fund SIPs (monthly basis) are linked with my existing saving account in india. Do these SIPs will stop when the savings account will turn into NRO account? Shall I need to submit any documents for KYC compliance? If yes, to whom I should submit these? is there any possibility to submit it Online? Check your Bank / Mutual Fund company. Couple of FDs are also opened online and linked with this existing saving account. Do the maturity amount(s) subject to TDS or any tax implication such as 30.9% as this account will be turned into NRO account till that time and NRO account attracts this higher tax percentage. These are subject to taxes in India. This will be as per standard tax brackets. Which account (NRE/NRO) is better for paying EMIs for Home Loan, SIPs of Mutual Funds, utility bills in India, transfer money to relative's account etc Home Loan would be better from NRE account as if you sell the house, the EMI paid can be credited into NRE account and you can transfer this out of India without much paperwork. Same for SIP's. For other it doesn't really matter as it is an expense. Is there any charge to transfer fund from NRE to NRO account if both account maintain in same Bank same branch. Generally No. Check with your bank. Which Bank account's (NRE/NRO) debit/ATM card should be used in Abroad in case of emergency. Check with your bank. NRE funds are more easy. NRO there will be limits and reporting. Do my other savings accounts, maintained in different Banks, also need to be converted into NRO account? If yes, how can it be done from Abroad? Yes. ASAP. Quite a few leading banks allow you to do this if you are not present. Check you bank for guidance.
In our website you will find a great variety of strollers for your baby: Strollers, Strollers 2 pieces, Strollers 3 pieces, Strollers Twin. Strollers, light chairs, second-rate, umbrella type, folding, Uppababy Vista Stroller and many there are 1000 ways to call them. The most important characteristics when choosing the purchase of the stroller are weight, size, folding, reclining and great practicality, so, as the baby grows, the stroller becomes a essential item for our daily life.
1.45 and 1.40 are the last trade prices.  The last trade (1.45) for the 27 strike call must have occurred earlier than the last trade (1.40) for the 26 strike call.  These options have low liquidity and don't trade very often.  You have to look at the bid and ask prices to see what people are currently bidding and asking for those options.  As you can see, the premium based on the bids and asks does decrease the further you go out of the money.
A currency that is strong right now is one that is expensive for you to buy. The perfect one would be a currency that is weak now but will get stronger; the worst currency is one that is strong today and gets weak. If a currency stays unchanged it doesn't matter whether it is weak or strong today as long as it doesn't get weaker / stronger. (While this advice is correct, it is useless for investing since you don't know which currencies will get weaker / stronger in the future).  Investing in your own currency means less risk. Your local prices are usually not affected by currency change. If you safe for retirement and want to retire in a foreign country, you might consider in that country's currency.
That’s your opinion, nicer is all in the eye of the beholder. Again, I could barely pick out milwaukee on a map but it’s the rumor here. And yes, wages are certainly a concern for Amazon. All companies evaluate employment costs and workforce competitiveness.
Is that even a question? Congress can't pass shit, just look at the boarder crisis... Which leaves only the executive and judicial branches to pass law... and the way that works is the NLRB passes new rules and the judicial branch decides if they are legal or not.  And to your dictatorship point, for fucks sake, the current administration has been far more passive with their executive powers than most administrations... its just extremest GOP tarts who don't believe in science or rational thinking that using that claim to rally their base... I mean a war on whites, the things that come out of these peoples mouths.
Well I'm glad Congress is focusing on the important part of this. Not consumer access to credit reports or fraud protection or liability limitation for consumers, but let's protect the idiots who were sitting in the corner lighting their own farts while the bank was being robbed.
What  sounddude said, mortgage servicing companies do not get to unilaterally change the terms of a mortgage.  Although I'm inclined to guess it was a simple coding error on BOA's part (wrong processing box got checked when mortgage was acquired) that was never caught, in which case BOA *should* be falling all over themselves to fix the situation (on their dime).  If they don't fix it in a hurry, then I'd hope they get their head handed to them in court in a hurry.
"The best strategy for RSU's, specifically, is to sell them as they vest. Usually, vesting is not all in one day, but rather spread over a period of time, which assures that you won't sell in one extremely unfortunate day when the stock dipped. For regular investments, there are two strategies I personally would follow: Sell when you need. If you need to cash out - cash out. Rebalance - if you need to rebalance your portfolio (i.e.: not cash out, but reallocate investments or move investment from one company to another) - do it periodically on schedule. For example, every 13 months (in the US, where the long term cap. gains tax rates kick in after 1 year of holding) - rebalance. You wouldn't care about specific price drops on that day, because they also affect the new investments. Speculative strategies trying to ""sell high buy low"" usually bring to the opposite results: you end up selling low and buying high. But if you want to try and do that - you'll have to get way more technical than just ""dollar cost averaging"" or similar strategies. Most people don't have neither time nor the knowledge for that, and even those who do rarely can beat the market (and never can, in the long run)."
The business and investment would be shown on separate parts of the tax return. (An exception to this is where an investment is related and part of your business, such as futures trading on business products)  On the business side of it, you would show the transfer to the stocks as a draw from the business, the amount transferred would then be the cost base of the investment.  For taxes, you only have to report gains or losses on investments.
"The problem is, who is going to be left holding the coins when the market is over?  That's one of the things that really turns me away from cryptocurrency. The idea of a decentralized currency, I really love. But I can't help but feel they are all basically Ponzi schemes.   People invent new types of cryptocurrency (like Ethereum) and the creators have the first chance to mine the coins with zero competition since no one else knows it's a currency yet. After they mine several million coins, they publicize the new currency and a bunch of short term investors buy into it and hoard up the coins because they are into it for short term gains. The price of this sexy new cryptocurrency spikes with all this interest, and then when the price is high the big early investors dump their coins on the ""casuals"" who frequent cryptocurrency forums. These users all proclaim how it's so much safer than the dollar and this particular cryptocurrency is better than the other cryptocurrencies so they buy into it... and meanwhile some hot new startup just spun up some even newer cryptocurrency and is mining it while investors hype it up...  There are over a dozen cryptocurrencies now, how many were hyped up as the next big thing with news headlines like this? How many tens of millions of dollars of hard earned savings were taken from cryptocurrency supporters who wanted a safe alternative to fiat currencies? It's just sad really, half these currencies are just exploiting people's fear of fiat currency and basically using that fear to scam them."
Apart from investing in their own infrastructure, profits can be spent purchasing other companies, (Mergers and Acquisitions) investing in other securities, and frankly whatever they please. The idea here is that publicly traded companies have a fiduciary duty to their shareholders to make as much money as they can with the resources (including cash, but including so much more than that) available to the company. It happens that the majority of huge companies eventually stopped growing and figured out that they weren't good at making money outside their core discipline and started giving the money back through dividends, but that norm has been eroded by tech companies that have figured out how to keep growing and driving up share prices even after they become giants. Shareholders will pressure management to issue dividends if share prices don't keep going up, but until the growth slows down, most investors hang on and don't rock the boat.
Aside from the fact that you could now get spam calls and mailings, nothing negative at all. With your account number, anyone can send you money (which you probably wouldn't mind), but otherwise, no access is possible. In Germany, every company and many people publish their account number, so they can receive payment. Every invoice contains address, phone number, and account numbers of the company that bills you, so you are able to send them money to pay the invoice. Nobody can access the money or details of your account with only the name and number; it needs your online login user id and password, or your (government issued) ID to do so. You don't need to worry at all.
As operations at a large bank I find I'm there longer than most of the BU. I certainly envy them. Your day is very compressed, but at the end of the day you can go workout/see your kids game/and get a good nights rest. Comparatively I know some people on equity research and they are on a 8am-8pm schedule.
Not really an answer, but too long for a comment: Since anyone can create their own cryptocurrency (see  http://www.bitclone.net/) the value of new cryptocurrencies is very  small. According to https://bleutrade.com/exchange/MINT/USD for  example, 100,000 mintcoins is worth less than $1. Even if they give  you 20% interest, that interest is on mintcoins, not dollars. If the  mintcoin rates falls by more than 20%, you would've been better off  withdrawing your mintcoins immediately. Check to see how much they pay  for various tasks and compare it to the current exchange rate. Realize  the exchange rate may go down as more mintcoins are created.
Yeah, fuck those hippies, making you shop at stores you don't want to and buy products you don't want to.  Tip 1: grab from the back for perishables. Tip 2: pretty sure they'll do a refund or exchange on about anything for about any reason.  Never tried it, though I have also been burned by early mold.
I see exponentially fewer ads than I did in the 80s and 90s.   I never watch tv, only streaming with no ads. I'm all over the internet but all my devices block ads.    I also now live in a place with no billboards, so all that crap is  gone from my life as well.
In Houston, Texas USA where I went to a private high school they had a half-semester class in personal finance, but it was optional and didn't give you any credits towards graduation. You are right though, it should be a standard class. After all, who doesn't need that information in their adult lives, and not everyone goes to college.
The only time the utilization percentage makes a difference is when the data is being pulled for a credit check. During the months leading up to the loan application through the settlement date of the loan keeping this percentage low makes sense. The number reported is the current value of the ratio not an average.  You can pre-fund the credit card but don't go overboard. If you keep a negative balance (lets say they owe you $100) for a few months they may decide to send you a check for the balance they owe you.
I have questions for you - As the others have stated, now really isn't the time to do anything to turn short term liquidity into long term investments. I'll contradict that only for matched 401(k) deposits. The answers to these questions will prompt more/better responses.
I asked a friend and he gave me a good explanation, so I'm just gonna paste it here for others: There is a simple and a complex answer depending on how much you want to understand the pricing dynamic of options.  LEAPs don't react 1:1 with a stock move because the probability of your option being in the money at expiry is still very much up in the air so you basically don't get full credit for a move in the stock this far out from expiry. The more complex answer involves a discussion of option 'greeks'.  Delta, Gamma, Theta, Vega, and Rho are variables that affect the pricing of all options.  The key greek in this case is Delta because it describes mathematically the expected move of an option as a ratio vs changes in stock price.  For put options the ratio is -1 to 0 where -1 is direct correlation between stock price and option price and 0 is no correlation.  The Delta increases as an option gets deeper in the money and also as it gets closer to expiry and reflects the probability of the option expiring in the money.  For your option contract the current Delta is -0.5673  so -3.38 * -0.5673 = 1.9 which is close.  Also keep in mind that that strike price had a last trade at 12:03 when the stock was at 13.3 and the current ask price is 22.30 so the last price isn't a true reflection of the market value.   As for the other greeks, Gamma is a reflection of volatility in the sense that it affects the rate of change of Delta as price and time changes.  Theta is the value of the time component of the option and is expressed as the expected time decay per day.  The problem is that the time premium is really some arbitrary number that the market maker seems to be able to change at will without justification and it can fluctuate wildly over short periods of time and I think this may explain some of the discrepancy.   If you bought the options when AAPL was $118.68 a couple weeks ago (option price of $18.85) and now AAPL is at $112.34 and the Delta over that time averaged at -0.55 then your expected option price would be $22.34 (($118.68 - $112.34) * 0.55 + 18.85 = $22.34) so you lost around $0.24 in time premium or 'Theta burn' over the last 2 weeks assuming it opens trading around 22.1 on Monday. Your broker should have information about the option contract greeks somewhere.  For my platform I have to put the cursor over top of the option contract for it to show me the greeks.  If your broker doesn't have this then you can get it from nasdaq.com. This is another reason that I only invest in deep in the money LEAPs because the time premium is much much lower than near the money and also because delta is much higher so if I want to trade out of it early I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off not getting paid for a stock price move.  For example look at the Jan 17 175 put.  The Delta is -0.9 and the time premium is only $0-1 depending if you are looking at the bid or ask.  The only downside is expected returns are lower for deep in the money contracts and they are expensive to buy.
Your Crochet is your one stop destination for finding free crochet patterns Amigurumi. It is easy and you can learn them with our free patterns. Amigurumi is a Japanese crocheting technique of creating fun and beautiful stuffed animals using yarns. You can also use this technique to create people and animated objects using yarn as well. If you have vivid imagination and creative inclination then Amigurumi crocheting is for you.
A quick search showed me that UEP merged into Ameren on Dec 31, 1997, and Ameren still exists today.  So I took a look at Ameren's Investor Relations website.   Unfortunately, they don't provide historical stock prices prior to Ameren forming, so starting with 1998.  However, I've had good luck in the past emailing a company's investor relations contact and asking for data like this that isn't on the website.  It's reasonably likely they'll have internal records they could look it up within.
"OHHHHH so you just lumped me into a category without knowing my history. You see. I voted and supported Obama his first term. I gave him benefit of the doubt on his second but half way in to the second term k started to lose my faith in him. You knew that though right? I was advocating for unity and getting money out of politics in 2008.  Where were You? ""When they go low we go.....low also?"" So your goal is to play the game the GOP played and you so vehemently hated?...."
When I traveled to Germany,  I found it was much better to get cash at ATMs and use credit cards.  The exchange rate was better than exchanging dollars for Euros at an exchange center.  Just make sure you have enough cash to get from the airport to whereever your are traveling.  The airport exchange rates were terrible.
Target, the 2nd largest discount chain announced that it will stop offering Amazon's e-reader Kindle because of a «conflict of interest» while Barnes &amp; Noble and Apple devices will continue to be offered. According to Molly Snyder, Target spokesperson, the decision to drop Kindle e-readers starting this spring came after a review of the retailer's merchandise, which consisted of evaluations on prices and quality of their products. However, Norton Medical and Scientific Research &amp; Biotechnology got a hold of an internal memo regarding the removal of Amazon hardware (Kindle) from Target stores starting this month and while some accessories are to remain in stock, shipments of the tablet will stop beginning on May 13. Before the Minneapolis-based retailer started offering Kindles in June 2010, Amazon only sold the tablet on its own website. But after recognizing the need of customers to see the products in person before buying, Amazon approached Target for some sort of partnership, followed by WalMart, Best Buy and Staples. Even though most of the Kindle items are being sold at Amazon, Target's 1,800 stores nationwide have made it one of the biggest Kindle retailers in the physical world. In fact, Target has announced after last year's Thanksgiving that the Kindle was the bestselling tablet in its stores. Target's move is perhaps due to the fact that Apple products are being promoted prominently in the store. But Snyder declined to say more but «We will continue to offer our guests a full assortment of e-readers and supporting accessories» regarding the apparent partnership with Apple. According to a statement from the retailer, the «very tight alignment» of Kindle with the online store Amazon, their direct competitor, explains the conflicting interest presented as the reason. Target's decision to drop Kindle might also be a boycott to manufacturers' using their brick and mortar stores to as a showroom of products. This often happens as customers go to retailers like Target in order to personally check out an item and then buy the item online for a cheaper price. In fact, Target has already appealed to vendors for aid in developing exclusive products and rivaling prices online. «What we aren't willing to do is let online-only retailers use our brick-and-mortar stores as a showroom for their products and undercut our prices,» said a Target in a statement. The absence of Kindle from Target stores is not likely to stop Amazon customers from visiting Target for other products but Norton Medical and Scientific Research &amp; Biotechnology said the move will definitely send a message to Amazon.
Either approach will put a strain on your friendship, unless you are willing to treat it as a gift which may or may not be returned rather than a loan. I agree that paying it direct to the dealer (or giving her a check that is made out to the dealer) avoids the risk of the money getting sidetracked.
I recommend saving for retirement first to leverage compound interest over a long time horizon. The historical real return on the stock market has been about 7%.  Assuming returns stay at 7% in the future (big assumption, but don't have any better numbers to go off of), then $8,000 saved today will be worth $119,795 in 40 years (1.07^40*8000).  Having a sizable retirement portfolio will give you peace of mind as you progress through life and make other expenditures. If you buy assets that pay you money and appreciate, you will be in a better financial position than if you buy assets that require significant cash outflows (i.e. property taxes, interest you pay to the bank, etc.) or assets that ultimately depreciate to zero (a car).  As a young person, you are well positioned to pay yourself (not the bank or the car dealership) and leverage compound interest over a long time horizon.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/could-illinois-be-the-first-state-to-file-for-bankruptcy/) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A financial crunch is spiraling into a serious problem for Illinois lawmakers, prompting some observers to wonder if the state might make history by becoming the first to go bankrupt.  &gt; At the moment, it&amp;#039;s impossible for a state to file for bankruptcy protection, which is only afforded to counties and municipalities like Detroit.  &gt; As for Illinois, Rauner on Thursday called state legislators to a 10-day special session starting next week to hammer out a budget deal and end an unprecedented impasse that could soon enter a third year.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6hq2wx/could_obamas_illinois_be_the_first_state_to_file/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~146184 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **state**^#1 **pension**^#2 **Illinois**^#3 **year**^#4 **bankruptcy**^#5"
Among all other competitive courses, most of the aspiring students choose business administration courses to reach the pinnacle of success. It is a known fact that associate degree gives a strong foundation to get you started in various fields such as sales, human resources, retail and hospitality management, and marketing.
The only thing I noticed in the article was that he was complaining about the gridlock in DC.  It isn't helping that DC is consumed by the Russian scandal and the only major change the GOP is focused seems to be wiping out health care for the poor and middle class in exchange for a tax break for billionaires.  Of course that is getting stuck.   Plus the Muslim ban and EPA edicts are kind of one pager decisions that break existing laws.  They are clearly created by people who don't understand how laws and the government works.  The administration were to change laws they don't like rather than just vomit out random administrative orders.  Of course those get stuck in the court system.     Frankly, I don't want to see the GOP succeed with any of those initiatives as they are only deliberating between bad and terrible changes for the country.   When a government is fucked, gridlock is a good thing.
"As an American who just came back from spending two years in a developing country, uniformed statements like this really annoy me. Say what you will about the state of the American economy and political system, but the United States has one of the finest road systems the world. Our roads are wide, well-paved, and graced with lines that tell traffic exactly where it should be and what it should be doing at all times. When there are potholes, they are the exception, not the rule. I just spent the last two years in a poor country with narrow, horrible, and often unpaved roads. When a road was paved, it often was more pothole than pavement. Sometimes, you would come across a little island of asphalt in a sea of mud that would let you know that at some point in the past the road had been paved. Before somebody calls the American road system ""third world,"" perhaps they should spend a little time living in the actual third world."
These scenarios discuss the period to 2025. They assess the deep uncertainty that is paralysing decision-taking. They identify the roots of this as the failure of the social model on which the West has operated since the 1920s. Related and pending problems imply that this situation is not recoverable without major change: for example, pensions shortfalls are greater in real terms that entire expenditure on World War II, and health care and age support will treble that. Due to the prolonged recession, competition will impact complex industries earlier than expected.  Social responses which seek job protection, the maintenance of welfare and also support in old age will tear at the social fabric of the industrial world. There are ways to meet this, implying a major change in approach, and a characteristic way in which to fail to respond to it in time, creating a dangerous and unstable world. The need for such change will alter the social and commercial environment very considerably. The absence of such change will alter it even more.  The summary is available [here](http://www.chforum.org/scenario2012/paper-4-6.shtml) or at the foot of the link given in the header. The much richer paper is [here](http://www.chforum.org/scenario2012/paper-4-1.shtml).  These scenarios are the latest in a series in a project that dates back to 1995. Over a hundred people participated from every continent, over a six month period. The working documents are available on the web.
Thank you for pointing out one of the biggest flaws of that argument. To add to your points: Even if they used simple savings accounts for all their money (poor idea), the banks can still lend it as business/home loans... The money doesn't just site there.
Yes, and you get those benefits by having ECDSA end-entity (leaf) certs. The root and intermediate don't really matter; they (well, usually just the EE and intermediate) are simply sent along with the client certificate and the client does the calculations to verify the signature. Let's Encrypt has supported ECDSA leaf certs for some time.  ECDSA roots and intermediates are still nice, but they mostly decrease the size of the certificate chain and lower the initial connection time a little bit.
Sorry, but I am absolutely correct.  Fractional reserve lending (banking) is simply that when someone deposits money into a bank, the bank is allowed to loan that money out, so long as they keep a reserve.  If the reserve rate is 10% (it's much lower in reality), and someone deposits $100 into the bank, the bank can then loan out $90.  That is fractional reserve lending at its most basics.  Now fractional reserve lending does have a multiplier effect.  And this effect is exactly how I described it.  Let's go back to the example.  Person A deposits the $100, the bank then loans $90 to person B, person B spends it with person C, person C takes the money and deposits back to the bank.  Now the bank has the $100 cash back, $90 in loans and the $190 in deposits, so they need to hold onto $19 as a reserve and can loan out $81.  Assuming the money cycles with 100% efficiency, the bank can continue loaning out the same money until they are left with $1000 in deposits, $900 in loans, and the original $100 is the reserve.  This is the multiplier effect.
&gt; I thought we could have a friendly conversation, but it seems like this went out the window;   Honestly, please stop crying.  If my original sin was not suffering fools well, then yours was wading into a conversation representing yourself as knowledgeable on the subject (and dismissive of the authors, who are demonstrably knowledgable).  &gt;The author is just a sheltered university teacher that does not seem to know what reality looks like, and you seem to protect him which speaks volume about you as well.  Again, one of the authors is the long-time manager of the Yale endowment, possibly one of the most famous and best-performing in the world.  He has literally pioneered an entire approach to investment management.  *What have you done?*
I fell into a similar situation as you.  I spent a lot of time trying to understand this, and the instructions leave a lot to be desired.  What follows is my ultimate decisions, and my rationale.  My taxes have already been filed, so I will let you know if I get audited! 1.)  So in cases like this I try to understand the intent.  In this case section III is trying to understand if pre-tax money was added to your HSA that you were not entitled too.  As you describe, this does not apply to you.  I would think you should be ok not including section III (I didn't.) HOWEVER, I am not a tax-lawyer or even a lawyer!   2.) I do not believe these are medical distributions From the 8889 doc....   Qualified HSA distribution.   This is a distribution from a health flexible spending arrangement (FSA) or health reimbursement arrangement (HRA) that is contributed by your employer directly to your HSA. This is a one-time distribution from any of these arrangements. The distribution is treated as a rollover contribution to the HSA and is subject to the testing period rules shown below. See Pub. 969 for more information.   So I don't think you have anything to report here.   3.) As you have no excess this line can just be zero.   4.) From the 8889 doc This is a distribution from your traditional IRA or Roth IRA to your HSA in a direct trustee-to-trustee transfer.   Again, I don't think this applies to you so you can enter zero. 5.) This one is the easiest.  You can always get this money tax free if you use it for qualified medical expenses. From the 8889   Distributions from an HSA used exclusively to pay qualified medical expenses of the account beneficiary, spouse, or dependents are excludable from gross income. (See the line 15 instructions for information on medical expenses of dependents not claimed on your return.) You can receive distributions from an HSA even if you are not currently eligible to have contributions made to the HSA. However, any part of a distribution not used to pay qualified medical expenses is includible in gross income and is subject to an additional 20% tax unless an exception applies.   I hope this helps!
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-markets/feds-great-unwinding-lifts-dollar-china-rating-gets-the-chop-idUSKCN1BW03Z?il=0) reduced by 83%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; NEW YORK - The U.S. Treasury yield curve flattened to a two-and-a half month low and key world stock markets fell on Thursday, as investors assessed indications from the U.S. Federal Reserve that it may raise interest rates a third time this year.  &gt; U.S. stocks pulled back from their all-time highs, though bank stocks cheered the prospect of higher interest rates which should help their profits.  &gt; China&amp;#039;s markets were already closed by the time it came but it kept the pressure on emerging markets stocks.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/71lga0/feds_great_unwinding_lifts_dollar_china_rating/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~214093 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **percent**^#1 **market**^#2 **rate**^#3 **U.S.**^#4 **more**^#5"
You can’t say low buildings are popular if constructing tall ones is illegal, it doesn’t make sense.  Unless you’re a civil engineer, you’re not qualified to speak on whether or not it would be a good idea to build taller buildings in NZ.  If supply is artificially restricted, prices will rise. That’s econ 101. It’s the same reason prices are out of control in San Francisco.
"I'm not the OP, but I'm happy to give a brief overview.  Basically, pre-JOBS act there were a lot of limits on who could make an equity investment in a non-public company (i.e. a startup or even a hedge fund). There were some loopholes, but basically you had to be an 'accredited investor'. An accredited investor was someone who either has made $200,000+ ($300,000+ for married people) for the past two years and expects to make that much again in the current year. Alternately, they could have a net worth of $1 million, excluding the value of their primary residence. There was also a limit of 500 investors for a non-public company before the company had to become public (they didn't really have to IPO, but they did have to file their financials with the SEC, so the effect was basically the same). Finally, non-public companies were prohibited from seeking investment through advertising basically. They couldn't take out an ad in a paper or event send a mass email and say, ""Hey, we're looking to raise a $1 million funding round, contact us if you're interested!""  Okay, now after the JOBS Act.  The JOBS Act changed a) the number and type of investors who could make equity investments in a non-public company b) the regulation of advertising for investments.  Post-JOBS private companies could have 2,000 shareholders and 500 of those could be unaccredited (e.g. regular people like you and I). The change in the number of shareholders isn't really that important because it's just shareholders of record, but that's another post for another day. There are still some requirements for unaccredited shareholder, which I don't remember off the top of my head. I think you have to have income of at least $40k. They also changed the solicitation ban, so it's possible that you might see an ad in the WSJ someday for a startup company, venture capital fund, hedge fund, etc.  There are some other things it changed, but IMO those are the two most important."
Looking at the SPY option chain you posted, all of the call options with a strike price of 199.50 or higher have a bid of N/A.  That's because the ask price for all of those options is 0.01, and the bid price has to be less than the ask price, but buyers are not allowed to bid 0.00.  It's not accurate to say that no one wants to buy those calls - anyone who wanted to buy one of those calls would just buy it at the ask price of 0.01. So why are people selling those calls for just 0.01?  The further out of the money you go as you get closer to expiration, the less likely the underlying stock or ETF (SPY in this case) will go over the strike price, and the less you can sell it for.  SPY closed yesterday at about 195, and it would have to go up almost 2.5% today for the 199.50 calls to be in the money, and a 2.5% move in one day is extremely unlikely.
Here's the issue with LTC and, really, underwritten insurance in general; no one has a crystal ball.   Based on today's available rates where's the sweet spot to buy LTC? Probably right around the mid-60s, because you probably won't pay much in before you start gutting the carrier (assuming you can make it through underwriting in your mid-60s). The issue is, what happens when some life event changes your underwriting status?  Would you rather buy prematurely or be excluded entirely?  Those are generally your two options when it comes to individual LTC.  The underwriting eligibility window on LTC is very  narrow.  There's a very very small space between the best possible underwriting and being flatly declined.   Look for an LTC agent in your area.  Likely someone in your circle of friends and family will know a reputable/knowledgeable insurance agent who can run up some quotes at various underwriting classes.  Try to avoid looking at quotes for your age + 10 years to see what the quote will look like 10 years from now.  10 years from now the rate tables will be significantly different. Whether or not you should buy LTC now rather than waiting will depend on a whole host of other criteria.  Personally, if I was 50 and my biggest health concern was improving my run time and LTC is on my mind, I'd just pick up a policy now while I will likely be in a preferred underwriting class rather than waiting and hoping my health doesn't betray me. Obviously I'm a stranger on the internet and none of this is actual advice.  You should find an agent local to you and talk about your options and situation.
"I thought I'd see if the credit card companies had anything to say about this while trying to get merchants to sign up. I went to visa.com, clicked ""Run Your Business"" in the top nav, then ""Accept Visa Payments"". This page has a ""More benefits of accepting Visa"" link with an overlay (which I can't easily link directly to), which includes these lines: While the average cash transaction is $17, credit card purchases average $70 while debit card purchases average $36.² ² Visa Payment Panel Study (2Q11 to 1Q12 time period); Visa MARS Data: March 2015 – May 2015  That obviously doesn't tell the entire story (I suspect people are more likely to pull out cash when they're just buying a stick of gum, and more more likely to pull out a card when they're buying large electronics), but certainly there is some evidence from the credit card companies themselves that people spend more when using cards, which is one of the aspects they use to convince merchants to accept cards. I think the best evidence that people spend more is that more and more merchants accept cards. Accepting cards comes with some significant costs (though it's important to keep in mind that accepting cash can come with some significant costs as well). I suspect that merchants wouldn't do so unless the increased sales that they get for accepting cards makes up for the fees that they need to pay and the equipment they need to buy to accept them (not to mention the risks of chargebacks and the like)."
When you need cash fast, Denton Auto title loans can help you with a bad credit car loan that puts money in your pocket within a short period of time. The company offers easy basic steps for car title loan approval.
As a thought experiment I suppose we can ask where dividends came from and what would be different if they never existed. The VOC or Dutch East India Companywas the first to IPO, sell shares and also have a dividend.   There had been trade entrepot before the VOC, the bulk cog (type of sea-going ship) trade in the Hanseatic League, but the VOC innovation was to pool capital to build giant spice freighters - more expensive than a merchant partnership could likely finance (and stand to lose at sea) on their own but more efficient than the cogs and focused on a trade good with more value.  The Dutch Republic became rich by this capital formed to pursue high value trade. Without dividends this wouldn't have been an innovation in seventeenth century Europe and enterprises would be only as large as say the contemporary merchant family networks of Venice could finance.  So there could be large partnerships, family businesses and debt financed ventures but no corporations as such.
"Your lack of numbers makes the question a difficult read.  What I'm hearing is ""I want a house requiring a mortgage 8X my income.""  This alone is enough to suggest it's a bad deal. On a personal note, when my wife and I bought our house, it was 2.5X our income. 20% down, so the mortgage was exactly 2X income. And my wife was convinced we were in over our heads.  The use of a partner who will take a portion of the profit is interesting, but doesn't change the fact that you are proposing to live in a house that costs far too much for you. If you are determined to buy such a house, I'd suggest you do it with the plan to rent out a room or two to roommates. If you are living in an area where the cost of buying is so high, the demand for rentals is likely high as well.  Absent a plan to bring ion more income, I see no good coming from this. Heed the warnings posted in the other two answers as well."
With eSalesData working for you, your sales teams will be positioned to reach out to architects and architectural executives across the globe. Each of our lists passes through a rigid system of verification and cross-referencing immediately prior to delivery. As committed to client satisfaction as we are to data hygiene, we at eSalesData pledge to replace any and all purchased records that are found to be obsolete or inaccurate.
There's no point in posting something if no one can read it. I'm not paying for a subscription to something just because some guy posted it on reddit.  Mirror, copy-paste, or link to a free article. If you're going to post here under the pretense of delivering me information, then deliver me information.
Credit cards always charge for withdrawing cash, because if they didn't then you could have an indefinite loan and pay no interest simply by withdrawing enough cash each month to pay off the previous month's bill before the due date. It's nothing to do with using an ATM -- they'll charge you for getting a cash advance over the counter as well.
this post offers valuable information we can all use when scouting for frequent flyer credit cards. let's all support this post of my friend, sean travis, by reading and sharing it to all our friends and followers in different social networking sites.
Via twitter?  He'd have to have signed something and, based on the context of the discussion, it didn't appear they had any agreement whatsoever.  Yes, if a contract exists between them, NDA or otherwise, the circumstances can be altered by the contract, but that's not the context of OP.
"&gt;I was refreshing when he did it, so I saw him downvote me in real time.  So you are watching his computer screen?  As that is the only way you can see such a thing.  For all you know it could been someone else who saw your comment and downvoted it.  More so it could been very well reddit's spam filtering, as it will sometimes auto downvote comments as a counter measure on the up and down votes.  &gt;Anyway, I suspect that FatStig is your alter account anyway, so you're essentially just a little contrarian who doesn't contribute to the discussion.  Do you like making up bullshit claims or something?  I only have this account and no I am not defending them.  I am more mocking you if you will over getting all upset over being downvoted.  &gt;this is way harsher than I wanted to be with you  If you think how you being with me is harsh then you got to be the nice ""harshest"" person ever."
Congress sets the budget, not the President.  In 1981, the [97th Congress](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/97th_United_States_Congress) had a Democratic House and a Republican Senate.  In 1990, the [101st Congress](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/101st_United_States_Congress) had a Democratic majority in both the House and the Senate.  In 2001, the [107th Congress](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/107th_United_States_Congress) had a Republican majority in the House, and a Democratic majority in the Senate, albeit for a period where the Republicans had tie-breaking ability in the Senate.  Of these three, for only part of the 107th did the Republicans control Congress as a whole.  There may be criticism of the GOP on spending, but it's not based on the graph shown.
"Given the state of the economy, and the potential of a rough near future for us recent grads (i.e. on/off work), I would recommend holding off on large purchases while your life is in flux.  This includes both a NEW car and purchasing a house. My short answer is: you need a reliable vehicle, so purchase a used car, from a major dealer (yes this will add a fairly high premium, but easier financing), that is 4-5 years old, or more.  Barring the major dealer purchase, be sure to get a mechanic to check out a vehicle, many will offer this service for a reasonable payment.  As people point out, cars these days will run for another 100k miles.  You will NOT have to pay anywhere near $27,000 for this vehicle.  You may need to leverage your 10k for a loan if you choose to finance, but it should not be a problem, especially as you seem to imply an established credit history. In addition to this, start saving your money for the house you would like to eventually get.  We have no idea where you live, but, picking rough numbers, assuming a 2 year buy period, 20% down, and a $250,000 home, the down payment alone will require you to save ~$2,000/month starting now. Barring either of these options, max out your money to tax sheltered accounts (your Roth IRA, work 401k, or a regular IRA) asap.  Obviously, do not deplete your emergency fund, if anything, increase it.  10k can be burned through in a heartbeat. Long Answer:  I purchased a brand new car, right out of school, at a reasonable interest rate.  Like you, I can afford this vehicle, however, if someone were to come to me today (3.5 years later) and offer me the opportunity to take it back and purchase a 4-5 year used vehicle, at a 4-5 year used car price, albeit at a much higher interest rate (since I financed), it would be about a 0.02 second decision. I like my car, but, I'd like the differential cash savings between it and a reliable used car more.  $27,000 is also fairly expensive for a new vehicle, there are many, very nice vehicles, for 21-23k.  I still would not consider these priced appropriate to spend your money on them, but they exist.  However, you do very much need a reliable vehicle, and I think you should get one. On the home front, your $400 all inclusive rent is insanely cheap.  Many people spend more than that on property tax and PMI each year, so anyone who throws the ""You're throwing money away!"" line at you is blowing smoke to justify their own home purchase.  Take the money you would have spent on a mortgage, and squirrel it away.  Do your own due diligence and research the home market in your area and decide for yourself if you think home prices have bottomed and will stay there, have further to go, or are going to begin to rise.  That is a decision only you can make for yourself. I'd add a section about getting expenses under control, but you said you could save 50% of your takehome pay.  This is an order of magnitude above the average.  Good job.  Try doing 50% for 4 months, then calculate your actual amount.  Then try to beat it."
"Here's a number-crunching example of how the ""Zero interest rate"" offer is misleading. Suppose the offer is that a car ""costs $24,000.00 with zero percent financing over 24 months""  or as an alternative, ""$3,000.00 off for cash"". Ignore the hype:  the quoted prices and the quoted interest rates.  Look at what really happens to two people who take advantage of the two offers, One person hands over $21,000.00 cash, and leaves with the new car. The second promises to make 24 payments of $1000.00, one a month, starting in one month's time, and also leaves with the same make and model new car. The two people have received exactly the same benefit, so the two payment schemes must have the same value. A mortgage program will tell you that paying off a $21,000.00 loan by making 24 monthly payments of $1000.00 requires an interest rate of 1.10% a month, or an effective annual rate of 14.03%."
"The complacency, apathy, and ignorance of the majority of Americans is the only reason the economic inequality in America was ever able to reach such devastating proportions. The business culture in this country is ruining average quality of life, and I fundamentally do not believe that you are okay with that. And if you are, then you're just adding to the problem by either being sympathetic towards a delusion or an active apologist for greed, and thus put yourself in the category of people to be on the receiving end of that ""fuck you""."
"Before the IARC listed RoundUp as a probable carcinogen, all other agencies and research were unable to find a link between RoundUp and cancer.  Now we learn that the IARC ignored evidence that RoundUp doesn't cause cancer that was done by one of their own scientists.  I'm not a fan of Monsanto's business practices, but when you ignore scientific evidence because it doesn't match what you ""feel"" about the company and their products, then you are no different than a climate change denier.  http://www.motherjones.com/environment/2017/06/monsanto-roundup-glyphosate-cancer-who/"
"This is what is called ""weasel words"". They're trying to put some authority into their ad, but since they don't have any - they're putting meaningless words that sound important. Monetary policy is the state/central bank policy to control the supply of the available currency. Cannot think of a way to connect it to private investments."
.. No  If I can make a job offer for $7 per hour and people apply.. Why would I ever pay more? I'm not forcing people to apply. They want the job. If $7 an hour is good enough for the workers who apply, then it's good enough for me. Why pay more when I can pay less? I'll need to hire people soon for packing and shipping and you bet I'll be paying the state minimum wage because I know I'll have people applying to work.
I think the point is that there is something structurally wrong with a company if it has billable orders a year and a half out, for a super -premium priced product, and it still can't make money.  It's like, what is the turning point we are waiting for? I don't know that startup apologies are applicable when you have an 18-month lead time for six-figure cars. You can't claim that you're still trying to build a customer base with that kind of wait list.  You can't talk about economies of scale, not when you can't even service your existing customers, especially not with this kind of product.  If an 18-month waitlist of customers ready and eager to pay the super-premium asking price is not enough to break even, what would be?
I think if there were evidence that the company was overvalued there would be a rather large correction.  The muted response is nothing more than a sigh of relief from the market.  The task that Tesla has to complete to maintain its valuation is staggering.
"Sorry to say it this blunt, but you really have no idea about his true nature. You know what others wrote or said about him. Not him personally.  I think this whole debate is rather moronic. We have a lot of hearsay about all the ""bad"" things Jobs did. Think about your own life. Think about how people who don't like you could easily describe your actions as evil. Not even by lying, just by leaving out certain parts.  I don't know if Jobs was an asshole or a nice guy. And I don't give a shit. Why would I? I think this debate is mostly about linkbait and fanboys going at each other. (""My hero is the best!"", ""No, your hero is evil!"")  Please don't drag this idiotic debate here."
See, unlike you, I know the general ordinances regarding taxis in my area backwards and forwards because I worked in the industry for eight years. It is utterly clear that Uber/Lyft are taxis in that they transport people for payment. The only exceptions are hotel airport shuttles, and buses that fall under another classification.
"I have always found that the ""free"" planners are just salesmen pointing you in their best interests. Not that it won't get you a good deal in the processes, but, in my experience, they usually just recommend products that give them the best commission, finders fee, kickback, whatever.  Flat fee financial planners are not really to my liking either. This is a taste thing, but generally, I feel like now that they have my fee, what interest do they have in taking care of me. That doesn't mean that they don't give good advise however. They may be a good first step. Percentage based financial planners, those that charge a percentage of assets under management, are my recommendation. The more money they make me the more money they make. This seems to work out quite well.  Whatever you do, you need to be aware that financial planners are not just about recommending products, or saving money. That's part of it, but a good planner will also help you look at monthly budgets, current costs, liabilities, and investments. You want to look for someone that you can basically tell your goal to - ""I want to have x amount of money saved for y date,"" for example, or ""I want to reduce my bills by z amount in x months"".  Run from any planner that looks only at the large sum as the ""solution"" or only source of money. You want a planner that will look at your first house mortgage(s), care loans, income, other investments, etc. and come up with a full plan for everything.  If you're only trying to invest the new house money, and that's it, you're better off just sticking with Google and some research on your own."
It depends on the terms of the mortgage. Generally speaking, residential mortgages specifically prohibit letting out a property without the bank's express permission -- but as you say, that tends to assume that the whole property is being let, not just a part of it. Conversely, buy-to-let mortgages generally prohibit living in the property yourself! The final arbiter as to what is allowed under a mortgage is the mortgage provider; so the safest option is to speak to one or more banks, and see what they say. (Note that if you're changing the use of part of a property from business to residential, you may need to apply for permission; check with your local council.)
"The previous answers make valid points regarding the risks, and why you can't reasonably compare trading for profit/loss to a roll of the die. This answer looks at the math instead. Your assumption: I have an equal probability to make a profit or a loss. Is incorrect, for the reasons stated in other answers. However, the answer to your question: Can I also assume that probabilistically speaking, a trader cannot do worst than random? Is ""yes"". But only because the question is flawed. Consequently it's throwing people in all directions with their answers. But quite simply, in a truly random environment the worst case scenario, no matter how improbable, is that you lose over and over again until you have nothing left. This can happen in sequential rolls of the dice AND in trading securities/bonds/whatever. You could guess wrong for every roll of the die AND all of your stock picks could become worthless. Both outcomes result in $0 (assuming you do not gamble with credit). Tell me, which $0 is ""worse""? Given the infinite number of plays that ""random"" implies, the chance of losing your entire bankroll exists in both scenarios, and that is enough by itself to make neither option ""worse"" than the other. Of course, the opposite is also true. You could only pick winners, with an unlimited upside potential, but again that could happen with either dice rolls or stock picks. It's just highly improbable. my chances cannot be worse than random and if my trading system has an edge that is greater than the percentage of the transaction that is transaction cost, then I am probabilistically likely to make a profit? Nope. This is where it all falls apart. Just because your chances of losing it all are similarly improbable, does not make you more likely to win with one method or the other. Regression to the mean, when given infinite, truly random outcomes, makes it impossible to ""have an edge"". Also, ""probabilistically"" isn't a word, but ""probably"" is."
Putting Chris's comment as an answer: It's your income, not your spouse's income. You can give her the money, but you'll still be paying tax on it To elaborate more - the general principle of income taxation is that income is taxed when received, and specific expenditures can be deducted. If you giving the money to your spouse is not one of this specific deductibles - then it is not deductible. Your income, nevertheless, is still taxed to you - as you're the one to receive it.
"Not sure if romney's logic is,""Hey! I broke it, only I know how to fix it!"" or, ""Elect me so I can drag American pay down to third world status and get those jobs back!""  Either way, it sure takes a lot of balls to claim “If I’m president of the United States, [outsourcing jobs  overseas is] going to end,” when you were personally responsible for much of it."
&gt;Better for you and for me, yes, but not for the disadvantaged without benefactors. That's the situation I was in.   That wasn't exactly my point. I'm all for helping people, and social security does help people, and I am very happy it helped you - I'm not disputing that.   What I'm saying is that what you got from social security is not as good as what you would have got from a $500,000 - $1,000,000 term life insurance policy. For people in there 20s, in good health, that kind of policy should be $20-$40/month, which could easily be bought with the money we otherwise spend on social security. (Now... whether parents would actually be responsible enough to buy term life insurance and put money towards retirement if we didn't have social security is a WHOOOOOOOOOLE nother discussion.)  That's all I'm saying - I'd rather buy term life and invest for my own retirement because me and my family will come out ahead of where social security will put us. I'm really not a financial wizard, and I have to believe that this type of plan would work well for everyone else, too.
There's nothing particularly special about a two million dollar cheque. While they aren't commonplace, the bank certainly has experience with them. Many ATMs won't allow a deposit of that size but the bank cashiers will certainly accept them. They will typically get a supervisor to sign off on the deposit and may ask about the source of the money, for fraud prevention reasons. They may be held for longer than a smaller cheque if the bank manager chooses to do so. If there's nothing remotely suspicious (for example, it is a cheque from an insurance company for an expected payout), you should expect it will clear in about a week. On the other hand, if it is a cheque from a bank in another country and the bank manager has any reason to suspect it may not be legitimate, they may hold it for a month or more. Even then, you are not guaranteed the cheque was legitimate. This is used in a common scam.
Found another one. Not sure if they ship to US  http://www.iceplc.com/
Although this scheme is likely to get shut down rather quickly by either your broker or credit card company some points you seem to have missed out on. Properly timed you should be able to get ~55 days of grace period (30 day billing cycle + 25 day grace period) assuming you pay everything off every month and charge immediately following the statement date.  You will need to avoid certain card issuers that code all transactions with financial institutions as cash advances (Citibank in paticular). If it is possible it would be in your best interest to lower cash advance limits to 0 to avoid any chance of cash advance fees. If your credit card attempts to process it as a cash advance the transaction will just be declined and you won't be out anything. Otherwise one cash advance fee will eat several months worth of profits. As far as investments with guaranteed principal goes the only thing you can realistically do is money market accounts and maybe treasury notes. Anything else and the short term price fluctuation may leave you high and dry. If this scheme were to work you would be much better off attempting to get rewards for the purchases than anything you could invest in. If you used a 2% card and churned it every month you would be looking at a 24% return on credit card rewards. Even 1% rewards gives you a 12% annual return which is going to beat anything you could invest the money in.
I would never trade after hours and I have 30 years of trading experience.  It is a very volatile emotion driven market without a lot of the big players that arbitrage wrong pricing.   If I were you I would simply use limit orders you input while the market is closed.   If you want to get kute you can put in low-ball offers (and vice versa) to see if they get filled in the volatility at market open.  Then check in (when?) when you wake up (or before you go to bed, etc) and revise the limit if not filled.   In other words don't 'trade'.  Know what your company is worth and put in orders that reflect that.
Was Denninger ever not fed up? Dude seems to be in a perpetual state of rage. Kind of amazing that he has time to run a business what with all the blogging, TV interviews, radio shows, book-writing, etc. Much of what he says makes sense but it's hard to take him seriously when his presentation is so juvenile.
On average, the market will be down 1 year out of 4. 26 of the last 100 years on the S&P were negative. The Roth conversion offers a unique opportunity to convert early in the year, and decide at tax time next year whether you are happy with the result. Of course, if your fund or stock is up, you are likely better off, paying the $1250 tax on the $5000 conversion that's now worth $6000 or more. If it's down, you can recharacterize. The volatility of the market helps makes this process more attractive. If my converted shares dropped quite a bit, the recharacterization is far more desirable than a small drop or no drop at all. Of course we don't wish for that drop, any more than we wish for our house to burn down to make our insurance pay off.  To be clear, you'll benefit from a conversion she the market goes up. The downturn only lets you reverse the bad move.
"To me it seems much easier to amazon yes, but much less beneficial to local economies. These new rules will have an effect similar to the way that Walmart contributed to the decline of ""mom n pop"" shops, taking money away from people in the communities and into the pockets of shareholders and executives."
"Thanks for bringing up gift economies. The ""barter-to-credit story"", as you call it, is a good just-so story for explaining our current monetary system, but it's not how it actually happened. It's important to emphasize that.  The gift economy is the original economy. It's used in small groups,bands or tribes of up to ~100 people, where you keep how much each person owes you in your head. These peoples don't have writing, remember.  The problem with the gift economy is that it doesn't scale. Once you've got more than a couple hundred people or so (basically, Dunbar's number), or too many tradable goods and services, it starts to break down. People can't keep track of their debts anymore, and it becomes harder to agree on prices.  Random aside: It's interesting to look at communism with this in mind, because essentially it's a return to something very much like a gift economy, but on a grand scale. But despite modern records-keeping and communication, it failed because we still can't coordinate such a large economy without some sort of market to set prices."
well Russia is the biggest importer of meat and fruits from the EU. so yeah, it kinda hurts... but I don't really think anything will change. once those sectors get hurt, subsidies will poor in so ppl won't lose jobs. sure it hurts, a bit, but on large scale it's rather a joke.  on the other hand, 12 years ago when the US renamed French fries to freedom fries, and german imports were rejects for over 3 month, that was more childish than trade sanctions.
"The translation scheme is detailed in IRS Publication 15, ""Employer's Tax Guide"". For the 2010 version, the information is in Section 16 on Page 37. There are two ways that employers can calculate the withheld tax amount: wage bracket and percentage. Alternatively, they can also use one of the methods defined in IRS Publication 15-A. I'll assume the person making $60k/yr with 10 allowances is paid monthly ($5000/period) and married. Using the wage bracket method, the amount withheld for federal taxes would be $83 per pay period. Using the percentage method, it would be $81.23 per pay period. I don't recommend that you use this information to determine how to fill out your W-4. The IRS provides a special online calculator for that purpose, which I have always found quite accurate. Note: ""allowances"" are not the same as ""dependents""; ""allowances"" are a more realistic estimation of your tax deductions, taking into consideration much more than just your dependents."
Email marketing has numerous advantages to the business.  It's is very growable for any business. You can send marketing messages at once to thousands of clients, which helps you to save time. If you want to Email marketing gainesville fl for your small business, then you can visit our website. We will provide you many internet marketing campaigns. Our service packeges are  less expensive compared to other marketing company.
You're reading what you want, not what I wrote. I didn't say we should send those 2,000,000 people home. I said there is no reason to **increase** spending on the military. For 2018, the proposal is to spend $10 billion on developing and building new planes, while only $300 million is for pay raises and new recruits. If you're telling me that $10 billion in building aircraft (high skilled labor jobs) will help the same number of people as putting $10 billion towards, say, building domestic *infrastructure* (low-skilled labor jobs), you're out of your mind.
I will respectfully disagree with you on the need for a social safety net and will cite the obvious example in Iceland.  Of course, self-interest (political, monetary) will not allow it to happen. The entire thing is beyond ridiculous at this stage. Then again, I am but a simple trader and have no desire to be an analyst, so what do I know. I just take the trades.
It has been so particularly open-handed with people like you to offer easily what exactly many of us would've supplied as an e-book to end up making some dough for themselves, primarily now that you might well have done it in the event you wanted.
It depends on why the stocks crashed. If this happened because interest rates shot up, bonds will suffer also. On the other hand, stocks could be crashing because economic growth (and hence earnings) are disappointing. This pulls down interest rates and lifts bonds.
Courts don't do justice - courts do law. Every rule has its own twists. While patenting is trying to protect real innovators from copycats it is also in a way covering patent trolls and allowing them to to do justice. Its just like rights - too little hurts people, too many makes the whole system look like everybody is on drugs. Be careful what you wish :-)
The Federal Reserve Bank publishes exchange rate data in their H.10 release. It is daily, not minute by minute. The Fed says this about their data: About the Release The H.10 weekly release contains daily rates of   exchange of major currencies against the U.S. dollar. The data are   noon buying rates in New York for cable transfers payable in the   listed currencies. The rates have been certified by the Federal   Reserve Bank of New York for customs purposes as required by section   522 of the amended Tariff Act of 1930. The historical EURUSD rates for the value of 1 EURO in US$ are at: http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h10/hist/dat00_eu.htm If you need to know USDEUR the value of 1 US$ in EUROS use division 1.0/EURUSD.
"As cars age, the amount of deprecation tends to decrease.  You have already lost between 19 and 17K on the car in the past 3.5 years.  You can't lose that much on that car ever again!  First because it is not worth that much.  Second, because even if the engine blows up, or it is totaled you can always get about $300-$400 for it. If you trade this car for a newer model the same exact scenario is likely to happen again.  In three years (or so) the car will lose half its value.  If you happen to stick the same price point, and are comfortable with $5000/year going ""out the window"", then it might be time to trade up. You can get a decent idea of what your car will be worth in the 2.5 years by seeing what a 2006 with 116K miles on it.  One option is to keep driving it after it is paid off.  With putting a little money into it, and having it detailed every once in a while it can feel like a pretty sweet ride for many years and miles to come.  Even if you have maintenance costs, you won't have a car payment.  How sweet would that be?"
Why are doctors so overworked? Maybe their AMA cartel restricting new entry is to blame. They also lobby to restrict the number of procedures that nurses can legally perform and limit the number of medical schools. This is a huge factor in the cost of health care in the United States.
From what I know it's not that simple for multitude of reasons.  1. Some don't want to make the transition because family/community reasons (e.g. My grandfather did it, my dad did it, so I gotta do it too)  2. Some people take pride in coal mining (e.g. Do hard labor and put the food on the table).  3. Lots of people in these mining/rural areas are afflicted with drug addiction (i.e. cocaine) and are basically unemployable.  4. As the article mentioned, few, if any, training programs.
Whether you are planning an exhibition or commercial installation, BETH SCHIIFFER offers a variety of substrates ranging in size from 8×10 – 48×120. All work is customized and tailored to client specifications for the most beautiful and professional presentation befitting your art.
I have recently started using Transferwise to transfer money between the U.K. and The Netherlands. Transferwise has lower fees than other companies.  They use a pseudo-peer-to-peer money transfer system.  When person A transfers £ to €, and person B transfers € to £, they effectively cancel these two agains teach other, which significantly lowers exchange fees for both A and B. I am not affiliated with Transferwise other than as a customer.
Very true. Just open your eyes. We no longer have soup lines, they just pass out debit cards now. You want to see it first hand try a job as a grocery checker in middle america, that is if you can find one to begin with.
I work in marketing. Finance is probably the safest route with regards to opportunity and stability. Marketing can be expendable. Finance usually can't.   That being said, it really depends on your personality type. Marketing people and Finance people are two different breeds. If you're the type that likes a very linear, matter-of-fact field, stick to finance where numbers don't lie.   If your more of an extrovert who likes to think creatively in a field of a lot of unknowns, marketing may be the way to go.
"Monkey,  Big four accounting firms have FRM departments. Maybe you could apply to one of those.  FRM is mostly about Credit Risk (Loans, advances, receivables) and Market Risk (IR, FX).   I'm trying to ""break into"" credit risk myself, but materials are difficult to find. It's about modeling portfolio default probabilities and losses given default. You'll impress with basic programming and advanced prob&amp;stats.  Can you ask your professor to recommend a book on Credit Risk?   For Market Risk, I know that a lot of the work guys do is pricing IR and FX swaps in Bloomberg. Take a class in derivatives, if you can."
Because this is Money.SE and you're connecting it to offspring, I'd think about a discussion with them to get their agreements. From my perspective, anything (my wife and) I have will go to offspring in the end. As such, everything borrowed and not repaid simply reduces the estate by that much. Among multiple offspring, such reductions should be against the borrower rather than spreading it out. That should be accounted for in whatever will is created. This would be the discussion point. It might also be discussed how or even if any interest should accrue for unpaid amounts. If, for example, a 1% APR is agreed upon for unpaid loans, then the final principle+interest amount is taken off of the borrower's inheritance. Existing outstanding loans might (or might not!) be useful examples for sample calculations if desired or needed. (If nothing else, they might serve as reminders that loans were not forgotten.) By having such a discussion, you can show that you are trying to plan for a fair distribution of your estate, perhaps thereby sidestepping any concern about charging interest to offspring for repaid loans. At the same time, you're handing over some financial responsibility, giving them a power of personal choice, which seems to be a part of what you're concerned about. Once such a discussion is started, it's possible that any question of interest will resolve itself naturally. The discussion almost necessarily must include all offspring at once. One will find it harder to negotiate from a standpoint of pure self-interest without objection from another. Think beforehand about what will be said and about what responses might come. Think things through as much as you can.
Some of the factors that will act on house prices are: There will likely be a recession in that country, which will lower incomes and probably lower housing prices. It will likely be harder to get credit in that country so that too will increase demand and depress demand for housing (cf the USA in 2010.) If Greece leaves the Euro, that will possibly depress future economic growth, through decreased trade and investment, and possibly decreased transfer payments. Eventually the budget will need to come back into balanced which also is likely to push down house prices. In some European countries (most famously Spain) there's been a lot of speculative building which is likely to hang over the market. Both countries have governance and mandate problems, and who knows how long or how much turmoil it will take to sort that out. Some of these factors may already be priced in, and perhaps prices are already near what will turn out to be the low. In the Euro zone you have the nearly unprecedented situation of the countries being very strongly tied into another currency, so the typical exchange-rate movements that played out in Argentina cannot act here.  A lot will depend on whether the countries are bailed out, or leave the Euro (and if so how), etc.  Typically inflation has been a knock-on effect of the exchange rate moves so it's hard to see if that will happen in Greece. Looking back from 2031, buying in southern Europe in 2011 may turn out to be a good investment.  But I don't think you could reasonably call it a safe defensive investment.
The 'standard' thing to do, after double checking your numbers to see if you can find or remember the actual reason for the discrepancy is to use an Income account for 'extra' money and an expense account for 'lost' money. The Imbalance account is meant as a temporary placeholder for monies not yet put into their right account. I personally use Income:Other Income for such found money, and Expenses:Adjustment for lost money.
"First they failed miserably to meet their Windows 10 adoption goals, and now they've fired a bunch of people to ""refocus"".  Microsoft should abandon the Windows Kernel. They should adopt a variety of *nix, the way Apple did, and then give Windows away as a free Desktop Environment like KDE and Gnome.   Then they can focus on their applications. Office, exchange, and so on, which is where their profits have been coming from for the last several years. They could market and sell those apps to people on all platforms, which would probably help their sales.  Microsoft is in a dangerous situation. They belong to an old model, before open source took off. Microsoft became huge when computers were out of reach from the general public. They had early access to the machines which gave them an edge. Now everyone is on equal footing and the philosophy of freely sharing software tools to enrich everyone's lives is becoming more popular than the idea of making money from software.  If Microsoft can't do something to keep their products ""worth buying"" in the face of completely capable and free competition, they're going to shrink a lot.   For many of us Microsoft's products stop being worthwhile several years ago. They don't currently offer anything that can't be had elsewhere for free, and their products are not really any easier or more stable or reliable than the competition, despite their marketing efforts to convince you otherwise."
I think even the kids are experiencing franchise fatigue.  Lego has been pretty tied to the big franchises with DC/Marvel/Star Wars taking up a huge percentage of their products.  My son is getting burnt out on all those and really seems to be yearning for something new.  We already have like 20 Lego batmen floating around the house, what's so exciting about picking up another?
According to the 401K information from the IRS' website, it seems that you could seemingly get away with a salary as low as $53,000. It's tough, and I'd suggest speaking with an Accounting professional to get the clear answers, because as Brick's answer suggests, the IRS isn't super clear about it.  An excerpt from a separate page regarding 401K contributions: The annual additions paid to a participant’s account cannot exceed the   lesser of: There are separate, smaller limits for SIMPLE 401(k) plans. Example 1: Greg, 46, is employed by an employer with a 401(k) plan and   he also works as an independent contractor for an unrelated business.   Greg sets up a solo 401(k) plan for his independent contracting   business. Greg contributes the maximum amount to his employer’s 401(k)   plan for 2015, $18,000. Greg would also like to contribute the maximum   amount to his solo 401(k) plan. He is not able to make further   elective deferrals to his solo 401(k) plan because he has already   contributed his personal maximum, $18,000. He has enough earned income   from his business to contribute the overall maximum for the year,   $53,000. Greg can make a nonelective contribution of $53,000 to his   solo 401(k) plan. This limit is not reduced by the elective deferrals   under his employer’s plan because the limit on annual additions   applies to each plan separately. https://www.irs.gov/retirement-plans/plan-participant-employee/retirement-topics-401k-and-profit-sharing-plan-contribution-limits
And that's your choice man just because you don't like the deal doesn't make it a scam. Everyone knows what's going on going into the deal.   Also you should know I'm not the one downvoting you I just disagree with you.
"The American Express Centurion Card (the ""Black Card"") is for extremely wealthy people who like to show off how much they spend. There are no cash back benefits like you have with traditional rewards cards. The benefits are all geared toward spending more money, not saving money.   For example, the benefits include a personal travel agent, personal shoppers at high end stores, elite status with airlines and hotels, etc.  There are some benefits that you could put a dollar value on. For example, first class upgrades and complementary companion airline tickets. If you like to fly first class and you do a lot of flying, it is conceivable that you could come out ahead.  However, someone that does that much flying has probably already achieved elite frequent flyer status and enjoys regular upgrades without the Black card. In my opinion, it is pretty difficult to justify the initiation and annual fees of this card as anything but a luxury."
"When a question is phrased this way, i.e. ""for tax purposes"" I'm compelled to advise - Don't let the tax tail wag the investing dog.  In theory, one can create a loss, up to the $3K, and take it against ordinary income. When sold, the gains may be long term and be at a lower rate. In reality, if you are out of the stock for the required 30 days, it will shoot up in price. If you double up, as LittleAdv correctly offers, it will drop over the 30 days and negate any benefit. The investing dog's water bowl is half full."
Serious question - I don't work in finance, but I always hear how the big finance firms only hire the best and brightest and if they don't know anything, they'll pick it up quickly. How is it possible that those who work in derivatives find it that difficult to explain them. resistite's definition of derivatives is essentially what is taught to any beginner, so I don't quite understand how anyone with a finance background would find it difficult to explain (at least at a very general level).
It's very simple.  Use USDSGD.  Here's why: Presenting profits/losses in other currencies or denominations can be useful if you want to sketch out the profit/loss you made due to foreign currency exposure but depending on the audience of your app this may sometimes confuse people (like yourself).
"&gt;we do have a lot if people saying ""Muslims are bad and boooh Islam.""   Because it's considered ""hate speech"". Don't dance around the topic.  &gt; To your WWII comment. This was the darkest time of German History ...  Which you need to avoid from ever happening again. By allowing free speech.  Yes, Germans (I have many relatives in Germany) are more open than ever, but if we continue with this ""hate speech"" nonsense, Germany will become like Sweden.  As you know, Sweden used to be the most open and free country the world. Now, a 78 years old Swedish lady is facing a lawsuit because she dared to say that Muslim urinate in the street.  **What makes you sure that Germany will not becomes today's Sweden?**"
See my comment for some discussion of why one might choose an identical fund over an ETF.  As to why someone would choose the higher cost fund in this instance ... The Admiral Shares version of the fund (VFIAX) has the same expense ratio as the ETF but has a minimum investment of $10K.  Some investors may want to eventually own the Admiral Shares fund but do not yet have $10K.  If they begin with the Investor Shares now and then convert to Admiral later, that conversion will be a non-taxable event.  If, however, they start with ETF shares now and then sell them later to buy the fund, that sale will be a taxable event. Vanguard ETFs are only commission-free to Vanguard clients using Vanguard Brokerage Services.  Some investors using other brokers may face all sorts of penalties for purchasing third-party ETFs.  Some retirement plan participants (either at Vanguard or another broker) may not even be allowed to purchase ETFs.
The answer seems to depend on where you live.  Perhaps you already found this, but the summary from the IRS is: The insurance laws in some states do not allow a corporation to purchase group health insurance when the corporation only has one employee. Therefore, if the shareholder was the sole corporate employee, the shareholder had to purchase his health insurance in his own name. The IRS issued Notice 2008-1, which ruled that under certain situations the shareholder would be allowed an above-the-line deduction even if the health insurance policy was purchased in the name of the shareholder. Notice 2008-1 provided four examples, including three examples in which the shareholder purchased the health insurance and one in which the S corporation purchased the health insurance. Notice 2008-1 states that if the shareholder purchased the health insurance in his own name and paid for it with his own funds, the shareholder would not be allowed an above-the-line deduction. On the other hand, if the shareholder purchased the health insurance in his own name but the S corporation either directly paid for the health insurance or reimbursed the shareholder for the health insurance and also included the premium payment in the shareholder’s W-2, the shareholder would be allowed an above-the-line deduction. The bottom line is that in order for a shareholder to claim an above-the-line deduction, the health insurance premiums must ultimately be paid by the S corporation and must be reported as taxable compensation in the shareholder’s W-2. https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/S-Corporation-Compensation-and-Medical-Insurance-Issues I understand this to mean that you can only get the deduction in your case (having purchased it in your own name) if your state does not allow your S-Corp to purchase a group health plan because you only have one employee. (I don't know specifically if Illinois fits that description or not.)  In addition, there are rules about reporting health insurance premiums for taxes for S-Corp share members that you should also check.  Personally, I think that it's complicated enough that advice from a CPA or other tax advisor specific to your situation would be worth the cost.
Lifecycle costs, opportunity costs, rate of returns, net present value, internal rate of return, etc are all business terms taught to business professionals because those very ideas are a product of the business profession.   Saying all bean counters don't understand the very basic principles that their craft has been built upon because you work with people who think are sub-par is a little generalizing. Like me saying that all engineers are self important assholes because I read your comment.
A reason that the wealth has never, and will never, trickle down is because as society goes on, the wealth transfer only happens between upper tiers of society.  It USED to be that the rich would spend their money, and many people would benefit from it in a society. Small business owners were pretty much all their were, and the only people who had monopolies were the rail and oil lines.  As time went on, more major organizations sprang up, for news, food, computers, etc. Now wealth transfers only between the top tiers and the lower tiers only get the crumbs the higher tier chooses to pay them, which is significantly less than they used to. Whereas employees used to cost a reasonable value to a company, they are now almost entirely expendable assets (exceptions made for certain portions of history).  I am of the opinion that much like history, the cycle is going to repeat shortly, the Occupy Wall Street being a precursor to another wage fight between the rich and poor. With the dissemination of knowledge being much easier, more people are getting the general idea that they're getting shafted. They want to be rich, although not necessarily because the rich are wealthy, they simply want to be able to increase their class mobility. That's been dying a slow death for the past 20 years, and quite solidified by the bank bail out.  It's unfortunate a sizable portion of the population actually sides with the 1% of people actively preventing them from moving up, gaining more mobility and improving the quality of their life. I sincerely hope that at some point in the near future people realize this before the lower class goes apeshit and starts busting heads.
Well, the figures are from 2002-2003. 2015 alone there were from different sources 1.5-1.7 million illegals entering Europe. The number of people of immigrant origin is larger in the EU than in the US. I'll give you online sources once I am able to do it. Can't spend time on it now.  I'm not really in this to win a debate, rather really curious of the reason behind the phenomena.   I strongly suspect an ideological and political choice. Hence this becomes among other things a question of morality.
"This is a good question and my answer below, being the first rationale that crossed my mind, is far from fleshed-out. It's just a reply based on many books on the historical cycles of markets and it's something I've discussed at work (I work in finance).   Historically we can observe that periods of financial ""booms"" entailing high valuations of public equities tend to lead to lower returns. It's a fairly simplistic notion, but if you're paying more now for something - when it's potentially close to a high water mark - then you're returns in the short term are likely to be somewhat stunted. Returns from the underlying companies have a hard time keeping up with high valuations such that investors aren't likely to see a bountiful return in the short run."
This is often the case where traders are closing out short positions they don't want to hold overnight, for a variety of reasons that matter to them.  Most frequently, this is from day traders or high-frequency traders settling their accounts before the markets close.
"Yellow taxis and Ubers in NYC are TWO TOTALLY different tiers of cabs. I think you're confused with Uber vs Local Car Service companies: which BOTH are FHV vehicles (TLC).   Yellow taxis are the only cabs that can pick up street hails (which what the medallion is for.) Uber and all FHV vehicles (including local car service/limo companies) are strictly on a pre-arraigned booking contingent through the base. An Uber can never pick up a street hail. And, contrast, yellow cabs will never be ""phoned"" to pick up.   I think you need to research the amount of FHV vehicles there have been since the 60's. That number has always been higher than yellow taxis.   Get yer facts straight!!"
Definitely will be appealed several times throughout the litigation, but if it gets through a jury trial, the jury gets a lot of deference on what they determine damages are. As long as they aren't too ridiculous, higher courts will uphold big payouts.
Whether applying for a job or buying a house, Offer a more specific price like $72,500, which tells them you thought hard about the price. $70K is too 'round' of a number. Additionally, your financial ability/condition can be a factor too. If you have 20% down, and your Realtor assures the seller that your transaction will go down without a hitch, and you'll be approved for a mortgage, they may accept your offer of $72,500 over the other guys $78K offer if [s]he has less desirable finances. Good Luck!
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.commondreams.org/news/2017/08/11/universal-basic-income-needed-break-addiction-economic-growth-killing-us) reduced by 70%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; As some tech giants throw their weight behind the idea of a universal basic income, one anthropologist says it&amp;#039;s a key component of a strategy to break the &amp;quot;Addiction to economic growth [that] is killing us&amp;quot; and the planet.  &gt; The idea of a universal basic income is gaining attention in the U.S. thanks to a recent resolution put forth in Hawaii, and Philip Alston, U.N. Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, said earlier this summer that a basic income is &amp;quot;a bold and imaginative solution&amp;quot; amidst growing economic insecurity.  &gt; Laura Williams of the U.K.-based advocacy group Global Justice Now recently asked, &amp;quot;Has the time for universal basic income come?&amp;quot;.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6tlybg/jason_hickel_ubi_needed_to_break_addiction_to/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~190425 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **basic**^#1 **income**^#2 **Hickel**^#3 **economic**^#4 **planet**^#5"
I lost 5 years to my mental health, as well as many many people in my life (being bipolar has all sorts of nasty side effects, both on the up and down).  It can be beaten. I promise you, it can. I'm not here to promise you that you can be an astronaut or president, but then again, most people don't end up there. Even with that said, I'm not telling you it's impossible. Don't let anyone tell you that- because if you listen, then they're right.  My depression was beaten through forced activity. Sitting idle let the cobwebs thicken and the blood pump ever more slowly. By forced I mean one small productive task every 10 days- such as going to the grocery store. There were some days I ran out of food and couldn't bring myself to talk to a stranger on the phone to order delivery. Dark days.  Hang tough. Mental health is just below the surface of society, but I'm hoping the national conversation starts soon. So many of us hide this terrible burden and our healthcare system is failing everyone. Don't lose hope.
MoneyDashboard or XeroPersonal  are similar sites to Mint.com  MoneyDashboard is planning on releasing an Android App XeroPersonal is also in development of an Android App  For more details about the differences between the two apps, see this Web App question
&gt; This is further supported by the fact that when I go into a Costco it's nearly impossible to find anyone to help me, and when I do, they are just about useless.  All part of the business model. They'd have to hire more people if you were expected to get easy help from employees.
"This is great. The ACA was objectively bad for healthcare/insurance companies. Now that it's a huge mess, people are looking to blame the GOP. ""It's republicans' fault Obamacare failed"" is ludicrous. It's more likely that the ACA was designed to fail.  But why would our lord and savior Barack Obama do something like that? No way would the Democrats ever do something malicious. They're the party of the People! The downtrodden! The little guy!  I'm willing to rail against the GOP just as much as the next guy, but this is next level mental gymnastics. Obamacare failed; it's the Dems fault. Own it."
Yeah I know, but it is only a local monopoly. It would be a silly reason to move, but you could conceivably move a town over and get a different provider. I just mean none of them have a majority share of the total market.
A simple rule of tax is , It doesn't matter where u live or your residence when it comes to income accruing in India .  As far as i know , You will need to find out the purchase prices of the inherited land and calculate the index value . Then pay tax on the capital profit (Not sure , I guess its 20%)  Example : Original value is 100,000 and the index value is 1,500,000 so the profit will be 650,000 . You pay 20% of the 650k only .  For paying minimum tax (Tax saving) There are few sections which gives exemption like purchase some bonds or purchase a house .  Its best if you ask a chartered accountant , For this simple case he shouldn't charge much. He should have updated knowledge of the situation and guide you better .
Crazy how AIM is now worthless but Whatsapp was worth $18 billion.  I wonder what AIM could have implemented that would have made it valuable back when it was at its height of popularity. An ad service? A mobile app?
Doesn't matter anyway.  We have at least 6 degree Celsius rise in temps assured by 2050-2060.  Very likely 10 degree  Celsius increase by 2100.  The ocean is warming faster than thought on the most dire predictions.  Food chain is going to collapse.
In regards to your 1st question, if you are a US resident (according to IRS rules) and you have any foreign bank accounts, then you need to file a FBAR form for every year in which any of these accounts has more than $10,000. This is the way that IRS keeps track of substantial amounts of money kept by US residents in foreign accounts.
&gt; And to save ~800,000 good jobs in the Midwest   Those jobs would have just moved to stronger competitors like Toyota and Honda, both of which do plenty of manufacturing in the U.S. Not to mention Ford didn't need a bailout, so loss of our industry was just politicians fear mongering. Even if GM and Ford went out of business, there are still plenty of smaller manufacturers that would love to pick up the market share. People don't stop buying cars just because GM goes out of business.
While there probably is something around dropping out of college and starting your own business, there are a lot of things that you don't see. For example we don't know their family situation and what sort of fall back plan they had. A guy like this I see everywhere telling people this kind of stuff is Gary Vaynerchuck often times what's left out of his story is the fact that he got his start working for his dad's 4 mill a year wine business. That's a hell of a platform to have to build your own skills and convince other people to purchase your services. Now this isn't taking away from his accomplishments or even saying that his advice is bad but it's important at looking at the totality of someone elses circumstance before trying to emulate them.  I will say the number of billionaires that dropped out of college is strangely high but this seems like a case of survivorship bias.
Consider this, when we talk stimulus we usually talk in trillions.   Two trillion in the US could be used to create a guaranteed income for all citizens at around US$8000 per year. There would be zero overhead because there would be zero needs testing. Everyone with a social security number would get a plastic card with the money on it.   The large majority of that money could then be recovered by reducing the difference from Social Security payments, welfare payments, tax returns and other means tested forms of government payments.   The remaining monies would largely be spent, thus stimulating the economy immediately and benefiting those at the top most of all.  Win-win.   Compare that to QE1 and QE2.
Banks make far more money on bad ~~creditors~~ debtors.  The interest rates and penalties for getting behind on payments are pretty absurd.  There was a law passed in 2005 that made it extremely difficult for people to continue to file for personal bankruptcy, so the banks thought they were safe.  This could've been extremely lucrative for them had there not been an snowball effect of the rates doubling thus forcing many to search for last resorts plus the fact that so many houses were now underwater due to dropping housing prices at the same time.  If they default then the bank just keeps the house... win for the bank unless the housing market sucks so they can't unload it and they have to take a huge lose even if they could.
A couple of points to note  Illinois has not stopped collecting taxes and has survived with only emergency stop gap measures for the past 3 years.  According to the Zero Hedge article cited in the video, Illinois has a backlog of $3 Billion in bills yet the GDP of Illinois in 2015 was $772 billion which was 5^th in the nation.
"If the owner of the stock wants it back, they ""call"" it back. There are no guarantees of how long you can keep it for your short, or the cost involved to hold it.  Usually, everyone knows about a particular set-up (e.g. a warrant or convertible bond mispricing) that is attractive for arbitrage. This causes the associated stock to be in high demand thus expensive to borrow for shorting, or impossible to find for any price at all."
"MY recommendation is simple.  RENT The fact that you have to ask the question is a clear sign that you have no business buying a home. That's not to say that it's a bad question to ask though. Far more important then rather it's finically wise for you to buy a home, is the more important question of ""are you emotionally ready for the responsibility and permanence"" of a home.  At best, you are tying your self to the same number of rooms, same location, and same set of circumstances for the next 5-7 years. In that time it will be very unlikely that you will be able to sell the house for a profit, get your minor equity back, or even get a second loan for any reason.  You mentioned getting married soon, that means the possibility of more children, divorce, and who knows what else.  You are in an emotionally and financially turblunt time in your life. Now is not the right time to buy anything large. Instead rent, and focus on improving your credit rating. In 5 years time you will have a much better credit rating, get much better rates and fees, and have a much better handle on where you want to be with your home/family situation.  Buying a house is not something you do on a weekend. For most people it's the culmination of years of work, searching, researching, and preparation.  Often times people that buy before they are ready, will end up in foreclosure, and generally have a crappy next 15 years, as they try to work themselves out of the issue."
"**Noblesse oblige**  Noblesse oblige is a French phrase literally meaning ""nobility obligates"". It denotes the concept that nobility extends beyond mere entitlements and requires the person who holds such status to fulfill social responsibilities, particularly in leadership roles.  The Dictionnaire de l'Académie française defines it thus:    Whoever claims to be noble must conduct himself nobly.  (Figuratively) One must act in a fashion that conforms to one's position and with the reputation that one has earned.  ***  **Morning in America**  ""Prouder, Stronger, Better"", commonly referred to by the name ""Morning in America"", is a 1984 political campaign television commercial, known for its opening line, ""It's morning again in America."" The ad was part of the U.S. presidential campaign of Republican Party candidate Ronald Reagan. It featured a montage of images of Americans going to work, and a calm, optimistic narration that suggested that the improvements to the U.S. economy since the 1980 election were due to Reagan's policies. It asked voters why they would want to return to the pre-Reagan policies of Democrats like his opponent Walter Mondale, who had served as the Vice President under Reagan's immediate predecessor Jimmy Carter.  The phrase ""It's morning again in America"" is used both as a literal statement (people are shown going to work as they would in the morning), and as a metaphor for renewal.  ***  **French Revolution**  The French Revolution (French: Révolution française [ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz]) was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799, and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire. The Revolution overthrew the monarchy, established a republic, experienced violent periods of political turmoil, and finally culminated in a dictatorship under Napoleon that rapidly brought many of its principles to Western Europe and beyond. Inspired by liberal and radical ideas, the Revolution profoundly altered the course of modern history, triggering the global decline of absolute monarchies while replacing them with republics and liberal democracies. Through the Revolutionary Wars, it unleashed a wave of global conflicts that extended from the Caribbean to the Middle East.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot/)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.22"
"Keep track of everything you buy.  Write it down and be accountable.  Try not to buy anything on credit cards, if the money is not in your account now then you can't afford it.  Ask yourself whether what you're buying is a ""need"" or a ""want"". If you find that you are buying things because you are bored and you like shopping then try taking up a (cheap) hobby that fills that void and is something you enjoy doing."
The value of a foreign stock is subject to fluctuations in the foreign currency value; this is not the case for domestic stocks.
"As the other commenter pointed out, the language the NRA is using is pretty specific in who they're implying is the ""enemy"".   Obama was AWESOME for gun companies. The NRA, which is a lobby started by gun companies, would say ""Quick! The boogyman is comin' fer yer Guns! Buy as much as you can NOW before it's too late!""   In business this is a scarcity tactic.   It would drum up demand as well the price of current supplies. Ammo ""shortages"" work in the same way. There'd be a rumor posted somewhere that some demon-crat did something to cause a shortage in ammo. People would rush out and buy whatever they could (even if they didn't have an immediate need) and the price on ammo would go up. All the while these Yahoo's would always say ""gosh them Democrats for causing this"" even though Democrats have nothing to gain by this.   All in all with Trump and the GOP at the helm, their boogyman has become more scarce and not as readily realized. So they're pushing the narrative that the existential ""liberal"" is out to get you!   Honestly, we're not. If anything we just want you have free healthcare and a better education without making you go bankrupt."
If you are doing this because you are interested... this is one thing. But a degree in economics is probably not going to help you find a job.   Before going into it, research available opportunities in the field first. Is it worth the cost of the degree to study it? Are you going into it because your employer wants you to have this knowledge?  The answer to the question about Math is yes. There is a lot of math in Economics.  A good idea is to get the course catalog for the degree at the university where you would be going and see which classes are required to get the degree. Wannabe2good is completely correct, Money and Banking (one of the classes required for an Eco degree) is something that helps you know why the president of the US is doing what he is doing, but really does not apply much to you personally, and employers will not care.  I urge you and ANYONE else who plans to go to school, please research if there are JOBS in the field of your study. I have seen so many people study things they were interested in and then later graduate and were not able to find jobs.  Good luck!
"Curtis' monologue fucked me up. I thought I wanted real change but after listening to him I realize I'm one of those with too much to lose even though it's not much at all in the material sense and as he put it, I ""just want to tweak it"" some. As he says, *real change* could be downright frightening.  I'm 66 and if I didn't have an extended family who still depend on me I might be one that would feel there's not much to lose.    I wouldn't surprise me at all to learn that every three letter agency in the govt had a hand in defusing OWS.   I'm assuming you have, but just checking - have you watched Cutris' [""The Century if the Self""](http://thoughtmaybe.com/the-century-of-the-self/)?"
"I cannot speak for Paypal specifically and I doubt anyone who doesn't actually work on their internal automated payment systems could. However, I can speak from experiencing in working on automated forex transaction systems and tell you what many institutions do and it is often NOT based on live rates. There is no law stating an institution must honor a specific market exchange rate. Institutions can determine their own rates how and when they want to. However, there is some useful information on their website: https://www.paypal.com/an/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=p/sell/mc/mc_convert-outside ""The most readily available information on currency exchange rates is based on interbank exchange rates. Interbank exchange rates are established in the course of currency trading among a global network of over 1,000 banks, and are not available through consumer or retail channels."" This leads me to believe they pull exchange rates from either Oanda or XE periodically and then use these rates throughout the day to conduct business. Paypal does not disclose who they use to determine rates. And it's highly doubtful they do this for every transaction (using live rates). Even if they did, there would be no way for you to check and be certain of a particular exchange rate as paypal states: "" Consumers may use these rates as a reference, but should not expect to use interbank rates in transactions that involve currency conversion. To obtain actual retail rates, contact your local financial institution or currency exchange, or check the rate displayed in your PayPal transaction."" This is partly because rates can change by the second just like stock prices or anything else which is susceptible to the open market's variables of supply, demand news events etc. So, even if you check the rates on Oanda (which you can do here: http://www.oanda.com/currency/converter/) you are not going to get a 100% accurate representation of what you would get by doing an exchange immediately afterwards from Paypal or any other financial institution. However, if you want to estimate, using Oanda's currency converter will likely get you close in most scenarios. That is assuming Paypal doesn't charge a premium for the exchange, which they may. That is also assuming they use live rates, it's also possible they only update their rates based on market rates periodically and not for every transaction. You may want to test this by checking the exchange rate on your transaction and comparing that to the Oanda rates at the same time."
"Ok, let's revisit some of the things you *did* say then.   &gt;[If they weren't losers and were actually responsible, it would be a different situation](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6pujj4/economy_needs_workers_but_drug_tests_take_a_toll/dksx7c2/)  &gt;[they are weed smoking losers living at home and getting paid minimum wage, that is if they even have a job.](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6pujj4/economy_needs_workers_but_drug_tests_take_a_toll/dksv33x/)  &gt; [Stop with the smoking at home bullshit. Most [marijuana users] smoke a few times a day. Even before work.](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6pujj4/economy_needs_workers_but_drug_tests_take_a_toll/dksu660/)  &gt; [More pot smokers smoke several times a day than drinkers who aren't alcoholics](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6pujj4/economy_needs_workers_but_drug_tests_take_a_toll/dksu9ad/)  &gt; [That's he problem. These weed smokers do it all the time. Not many only do it on their own time](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6pujj4/economy_needs_workers_but_drug_tests_take_a_toll/dksumrg/)  &gt; **[These people are entitled losers that don't want to be responsible for their actions. They still live at home at 30 and don't have a real job or make minimum wage, but it's not their fault according to them. They blame it on everyone else ](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6pujj4/economy_needs_workers_but_drug_tests_take_a_toll/dksupyt/)**  *Those* are the statements I was hoping you would have some research to back up. Clearly, you don't.  Finally, your reply to my statement about your generalizations of marijuana consumers being utterly fallacious is a non sequitur. I have expressed no opinion on the topic of the health of ""escaping reality by doing drugs all day everyday."" If you're curious, I do **not** think that's good. But it has nothing to do with the fact that your generalizations are just...dumb, for lack of a better word.  I'm going to go ahead and depart this conversation now; arguing with raw ignorance is exhausting. Plus I need get ready for my minimum wage job by smoking some the devil's lettuce in my bedroom, which is obviously in my parent's basement."
Absolutely. The overhead for a product based business like that is particularly high. Service based businesses tend to have much better profit margins. But if she was running a plant nursery she has to pay huge heating costs, renting the area she operates in, not to mention inventory and employees. That $300k vanishes pretty fast. This article talking about disappearing middle class is a bad argument. This sounds much more about how the recession hurts a small business. Assuming of course it is the recession. I know a coffee shop near me that isn't doing that great and says the economy is hurting them bad. They apparently don't realize that being blatantly rude to their customers drives them away. There are often other sides to the story besides the economy, whether the fault of the business owner or some other factor outside their control that may not be covered in these kinds of posts.
In what ways is SOPA seem a fitting retribution to the wrongdoing you're alleging? Also, can you prove harm from these sources hosting the copyrighted material? It seems that to **deserve** something the offense and response should fit one another.
...  My judgement, based on the direction the research is going and the rest of my knowledge of human biology, is that it's likely. We do know enough to say that; in the future, with further research, we'll have a more precise idea of just how likely. Happy now?
&gt; So why doesn't he just short them?  Just because a stock is overvalued doesn't mean the price will go down.  A short position also loses money if the stock just appreciates more slowly than the broader market, which is one way an overvaluation can correct itself.
It's monopoly money.  Everybody treats it like that.  Of course it doesn't work.    It would be vastly different if you had you budget **plus**    (a) freedom of choice for the supplier, internal or external,    (b) your group could spend any budget surplus on whatever they wanted (well, for the office).    But that will never happen because company policy.
That is why you would *want* to apply for a patent right away, to protect yourself. Once you are in the system, someone cannot take your idea and patent it themselves.  If you do not think your idea is original or distinct enough to be granted a patent, then why would you even be exploring this avenue? Have you spoken with a patent attorney to determine whether your idea is worth going through the process?
Bubble.   User filtering tools outpace ad technology, and adoption is becoming typical. We already had this fight with pop-ups, and advertisers lost to browsers. Shoving spam in people's faces is innately unpleasant and takes one minute to fix forever.  You've already fixed it, haven't you? You block ads. Would you bother blocking scripts that made your outgoing bandwidth match your incoming bandwidth? Would you even notice?
"You may be confused on what ""non-profit"" actually means. I'd encourage you read up on the difference between the non-profit and for profit.   Since I don't know your business I cannot even begin to recommend what is right for you.    As a side note, the NFL was a non-profit for awhile (not sure if they still are).  With some fancy paperwork you can be too."
"it doesn't matter who ""takes on"" Tesla, Tesla will be crushed  the only reason the majors are not getting in there is Tesla is a loser.  no profits, huge losses and a growing reveal that the Musker's [electric cars are not green](https://wattsupwiththat.com/2017/06/20/tesla-car-battery-production-releases-as-much-co2-as-8-years-of-gasoline-driving/)"
Forecasting prices to the level of accuracy they purport is a fool's errand. Sell side analysts are there to get you to buy something, not to make you money.  If they truly believed their analysis was significantly better than anyone else's in the market, they would trade on their own analysis.  No one ever got rich by following analyst recommendations.  Don't believe me? Track the buy/sell recommendations in a spreadsheet for 50+ stocks. I would be shocked if you significantly outperformed the market.
There can be Federal estate tax as well as State estate tax due on an estate, but it is not of direct concern to you. Estate taxes are paid by the estate of the decedent, not by the beneficiaries, and so you do  not owe any estate tax. As a matter of fact, most estates in the US do not pay Federal estate tax at all because only the amount that exceeds the Federal exemption ($5.5M) is taxable, and most estates are smaller. State estate taxes might be a different matter because  while many states exempt exactly what the Federal Government does, others  exempt different (usually smaller) amounts. But in any case, estate taxes are not of concern to you except insofar as what you inherit is reduced because the estate had to pay estate tax before distributing the inheritances. As JoeTaxpayer's answer says more succinctly, what you inherit is net of estate tax, if any. What you receive as an inheritance is not taxable income to you either. If you receive stock shares or other property, your basis is the value of the property when you inherit it. Thus, if you sell at a later time, you will have to pay taxes only on the increase in the value of the property from the time you inherit it. The increase in value from the time the decedent acquired the property till the date of death is not taxable income to you.  Exceptions to all these favorable rules to you is the treatment of Traditional IRAs, 401ks, pension plans etc that you inherit that contain money on which the decedent never paid income tax. Distributions from such inherited accounts are (mostly) taxable income to you; any part of post-tax money such as nondeductible contributions to Traditional IRAs that is included in the distribution is  tax-free. Annuities present another source of complications. For annuities within IRAs, even the IRS throws up its hands at explaining things to mere mortals who are foolhardy enough to delve into Pub 950, saying in effect, talk to your tax advisor. For other annuities, questions arise such as is this a tax-deferred annuity and whether it was purchased with pre-tax money or with post-tax money, etc.  One thing that you should check out is whether it is beneficial to take a lump sum  distribution or just collect the money as it is distributed in monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, or annual payments. Annuities  in particular have heavy surrender charges if they are terminated early and the money taken as a lump sum instead of over time as the insurance  company issuing the annuity had planned on happening.  So, taking a lump sum would mean more income tax immediately due not just on the lump sum but because the increase in AGI might reduce deductions for medical expenses as well as reduce the overall amount of itemized deductions that can be claimed, increase taxability of social security  benefits, etc. You say that you have these angles sussed out, and so I will merely re-iterate Beware the surrender charges.
Miro Zecevic ‘s Tax Advisory Team works closely with you to understand your business and its corporate tax issues by Andrea rubio, the opportunities and risks your business faces. Corporate tax can be a complex issue. Enhanced regulatory and other relevant obligations mean you have less time to focus on the areas of your business that are important to you.
Of course there's nobody selling houses because everybody and their mother is renting them out and using Airbnb to make every room or floor into another source of income. And when large corporations are doing the same, nobody is selling, then who is buying? Well whoever can afford it as prices go up and as urban areas grow. Meanwhile interest rates are high and possibly going higher making it difficult for anybody to get in without large amounts of cash. Who will have this cash? People who make money on their current real estate, who are currently renting them out, and want to buy more to rent out.
How would gold have protected you during the 2007/8 crisis?  In no way, shape or form. The ways to protect yourself at any time are: Boring, huh?
The trader has purchased 1095 options, each of which is a contract which entitles him to sell 100 shares of Cisco stock for $16 a share. He paid $71 for each contract (71 cents a share x 100) which is roughly $78k total. He will get $109,500 for each dollar below $16 Cisco's stock is when he exercises it (he can buy the stock for the going rate and then sell it for $16 immediately), or he can sell the option itself to someone else for a similar gain (usually a little more, especially if the option has a long time until it expires). If the option expires when the stock is over $16/share, he gets nothing; i.e. the original $78k is lost. For reference, Cisco's stock was trading at $17.14/share as of market close on March 18, 2010. The share price had recently been boosted by the recent news that they would be paying a quarterly dividend. It has been heading mostly downward since February 9, after they announced that they're not expecting profits to be as good as the analysts thought they would be: they claim that people aren't buying too much networking equipment just now, and they're also facing mounting competition from the likes of HP and Juniper for switches, and Aruba / HP / Motorola for wireless devices. They may lose market share or need to cut prices, hurting profits. Either way, there's certainly a real possibility of their stock going below $16 in the next few months, so people are willing to pay for those options. (Disclosure: I work for Aruba, who competes with Cisco. I also own shares of Aruba, possess assorted stock options and similar equity grants, and participate in the employee stock purchase program.  I also own shares in Cisco indirectly through various mutual funds and ETFs.)
The company struck a truce with Elliott. They elected 3 of Elliott's nominees to the board, agreed to annual board elections, and placed Elliott on the committee for the firm's CEO search (Elliott targeted their previous CEO trying to push change and he had to resign after sending a threatening letter to Elliott).
If upper and bollinger bands either converge (both bands are getting more and more close together) or diverge (both bands are getting more and more away from each other), does that mean the market is TRENDING? The answer is no. The divergence or convergence of BB-upper & lower band does not indicate if the market is trending or not. It only indicated if volatility is increasing or decreasing. Or is market trending only in case if both bands, upper and lower, are parallel and at the same time NOT horizontal? The answer is yes. To understand the reason consider that BB is constructed from a central Moving Average along with standard deviation. Upper Band=MA+2*SD, Lower Band=MA-2*SD. A moving average is a trend following indicator and volatility has nothing to do with trend (as SD only measures the price movement around the mean). Which essentially means BB has trend following qualities. The upper and lower bands remain more or less parallel in between band contraction and expansion. Refer below:   You shall see distinctly phases when BB bands are not parallel and are parallel and not horizontal. As mentioned above, when BB bands are expanding or contracting they do not give indication of the trend direction. When they are parallel, close or apart and not horizontal, they provide a good directional bias through the general slope. Though a more effective method to determine trend and its direction is the central MA of BB. Again, refer below:  Here you can see that some portion of the bands are parallel and more or less horizontal. The price action would tell you that the stock is now range-bound as opposed to trending. The primary use of the BB bands are to gauge volatility as @misantroop stated. The primary trend direction is usually derived from the central MA.
I never said it would be easy, I said it would be a better solution in that it would *actually* solve the problem.  And if TPTB want a collapsing shit-show, they're perfectly welcome to stay with the existing trading desks, and watch it all fall apart due to their own hubris and corruption. I, for one, have no problem watching arrogance morons lose their money.
"&gt;Do you work with low-skilled employees? Specifically, do you ever have to manage them? I am going to make the assumption that you do not based on the comments you are making. It is impossible to say ALL of anything is a certain way. I'm not suggesting that at all. I'm going to specifically talk about averages. It seems like you've never been around the average.  Yes, I have worked with low-skilled employees. Not any more but I definitely did at times as I was working in high school and working my way through college. Also, I'm not from the upper middle or upper class. It seems like you are now trying to pigeon hole me into a box in order to justify your responses to me and paint me as some guy that just ""doesn't understand how the real world works."" But all of this is irrelevant to the discussion, just ad hominem attacks to tear down my credibility.  &gt;If a person refuses to provide more for society, should society fill the gap?  There it is. Here is how you truly feel. So you do look down on these people, cause ""statistics"" or whatever you've made up in your head to justify looking down on them (see I can make ad hominem attacks too).  I'll refer to my earlier argument as a response to this. ""If you have to assume the worst of people to bolster your argument, then you have a terrible argument.""  &gt;You suggest that people who are poor didn't get there because of their own right. Are people who are self-made millionaires (on average) good with finances? Why would that be? If yes, why do you assume those that are successful are so because of their own merit but cannot be blamed for failure?  Your words not mine. Nice straw man though. Honestly I recognize all of the things that lead people to success and failure: work ethic, background (race, gender, social class, connections, etc.), good/bad decisions, receiving help or not, luck, etc. There are definitely people that are stuck in bad positions because they were born into it or they have fallen on hard times outside of their control. There are definitely ""successful"" people because they had a lot of help to get there. There are people that deserve being at the bottom because of their lack of work ethic and poor decisions. There are people at the top because they worked their ass off and made the right decisions.  &gt; My exterior painter is doing a job there right now. It's a 3 month job. He is painting 1,000 apartments. He took 7 guys with him that he pays around $1,750 a week plus room and board. He had to take 7 guys with him because he can't find workers up in Washington. Can you imagine that? People in Seattle have not developed the skill of exterior painting. That's the reality of your job market.  I'm not sure what this has to do with anything. Actually, it's more likely because Seattle is growing and building more buildings than anywhere else because of the recent tech boom. It's most likely that all of the painters are booked up and their is a job shortage for painters, like there a shortage for engineers here.  &gt;should society fill the gap?  Lastly, congrats on owning your own company, but it makes me sad how you look down on minimum wage workers just because they are at the bottom, seemingly finding whatever justification you can for this position. Those are jobs that are needed and just because someone works them does not mean they are lesser or undeserving, or incapable of making good money and life decisions.  Check this article out. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/04/14/when-work-isnt-enough-to-keep-you-off-welfare-and-food-stamps/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/04/14/when-work-isnt-enough-to-keep-you-off-welfare-and-food-stamps/)  It discusses how working people at the bottom still have to rely on government assistance to make ends meet. You never answered my minimum wage question, but if you are paying people only minimum wage, I want you to know the tax payers are picking up the rest of the bill that you are unwilling to pay in the form of public assistance programs. Do you think that is fair for the tax payers?"
Our Website : http://www.usaccidentlawyer.com/anaheim-auto-injury-attorney/ Competent lawyers analyze the events that lead to accidents and establish the viability of the victim's case. At The Law Offices of Daniel Kim, we offer generous free consultation services to all potential clients to help you learn more about your legal options. They discuss with their client in order to draft correct procedures to handle court proceedings and as well as contact insurance companies to seek compensation that is commensurate with the losses incurred and injuries sustained. In doing so, the lawyers save their clients from the complicated processes of filling forms and other tedious paperwork.
Well yeah. I agree with that. I just thought the distinction should be made that BK didnt just close and fire a ton of people. They just delegated out who is responsible for them. Sure some people were probably fired, but it wasnt BK that fired them.
"I'm not downvoting you because I can relate, in a way, to your post and I think this is a good topic to have on this site.  We had a question a couple weeks ago where someone, like you, took some friend's money to trade with but didn't know how to give the money back or calculate the net-return.  It is not smart to take and invest other people's money when you have zero industry experience and when you do not understand the legal requirements of handling someone else's money. Within the first 12 months of my brokerage account I had returned something like 150%, I doubled my money plus a bit.  The next year was something like -20%; if I remember correctly the next year was worse, then up again for year four.  Year 1 I thought I was a genius and had figured this whole thing out, year 2 put me in my place and year 3 kicked me while I was down. You have 6 months of pretty solid returns, good for you.  I don't think that means it's time to set up shop.  Really, I think you need to sit down and think long and hard about the implications, legal and otherwise, of holding other people's money.  Running a fund is significantly different than trading your own money.   Retail investors don't, typically, have a good memory.  Great, you made me 17% last year, and 25% the year before but right now I'm down 10%, so give me my money back because I would have been better off in an savings account this year.    This is why index funds are in vogue right now.  Lots of people have had money in active funds that have trailed or matched the ""safe and passive"" index funds, so they're angry.  Retail folks get jittery the instant they lose money, no matter how much.  You need to be ready to contend with ""What have you done for me lately?"" the instant something turns negative, no matter how positive your returns have been. At your stage in the game you should get a job and continue putting your own money in to your own system and be ready to lose some of it.  I doubt there is anyone outside your immediate family who will hand a random 18 year-old kid any significant amount of money to trade their system based on 6 months of success; certainly not more than you have in there currently."
Right... so the question is why does Chipotle sell you a meal that is clearly too high in calories and then try to put a healthy spin on it?  Because people don't give a shit about healthy food or where it comes from. They want a three meals rolled into one for 6-8 dollars.  Chiptole is just the flavor of the week, once you've had their 5 menu items once you realize the burrito is all that's worth getting and then it's kind of like going to subway but with fewer options and a higher price tag (i dont like subway either)
Yes -- you can refund the sales tax and adjust your return. Make sure you have a copy of your customer's reseller permit on file. If the item sold was for their own use (instead of resale), then sales tax is due, so you might want to check with the customer and ask them what they want to do.
They don't need to accept deposits from normal persons, but that's how they make lots of money.  Banks make money off the fees they charge retailers when those folks swipe their debit cards at the retailer.  It's their bread and butter.  In order to facilitate you accruing swipe fees for them, they need to allow you to make deposits, on which they can charge the retailers swipe fees.
They want people who continuously pay the minimum monthly payment on time not people who pay late. This is how they make their money, so a good credit score is important.
You should apply for 83(b) within 30 days. 10 months is too late, sorry.
Securities or quite a few negotiable instruments can change title of ownership without any issue. Many at times the owner ship in implicit if you are holding a certain instrument. So for example in Stock its a fractional ownership in a company, this ownership transfers to the buyer from the seller without requiring any permission from the company.   In case of say Loans, One cannot transfer the loan to some one else without the Banks permission.
Oh I wasn't arguing with you, just trying to expound upon what you said because. The title makes it sound like GE would just have $7 billion in cash in a single bank account it could use instantly.  Bro, calm down!  Ya, if you're an accounting major, you probably have more valid input on why taking a $7 billion loan is better than touching it's cash and cash convertibles.
If you deposit an amount greater than S$50,000, it's only insured up to S$50,000. In the event that the bank fails or is declared insolvent, the SDIC will pay deposit holders their total balance in all accounts with that bank, up to S$50,000 in aggregate per depositor per Scheme member by law. In other words SDIC will only pay S$25000.00 and not S$50000.00, even though your deposit with that bank is insured up to S$50000.00 Please clarify this point as most banks are unaware of this aspect of the payout.
"I'd suggest you start by looking at the mutual fund and/or ETF options available via your bank, and see if they have any low-cost funds that invest in high-risk sectors.  You can increase your risk (and potential returns) by allocating your assets to riskier sectors rather than by picking individual stocks, and you'll be less likely to make an avoidable mistake. It is possible to do as you suggest and pick individual stocks, but by doing so you may be taking on more risk than you suspect, even unnecessary risk.  For instance, if you decide to buy stock in Company A, you know you're taking a risk by investing in just one company.  However, without a lot of work and financial expertise, you may not be able to assess how much risk you're taking by investing in Company A specifically, as opposed to Company B.  Even if you know that investing in individual stocks is risky, it can be very hard to know how risky those particular individual stocks are, compared to other alternatives. This is doubly true if the investment involves actions more exotic than simply buying and holding an asset like a stock.  For instance, you could definitely get plenty of risk by investing in commercial real estate development or complicated options contracts; but a certain amount of work and expertise is required to even understand how to do that, and there is a greater likelihood that you will slip up and make a costly mistake that negates any extra gain, even if the investment itself might have been sound for someone with experience in that area.  In other words, you want your risk to really be the risk of the investment, not the ""personal"" risk that you'll make a mistake in a complicated scheme and lose money because you didn't know what you were doing.  (If you do have some expertise in more exotic investments, then maybe you could go this route, but I think most people -- including me -- don't.) On the other hand, you can find mutual funds or ETFs that invest in large economic sectors that are high-risk, but because the investment is diversified within that sector, you need only compare the risk of the sectors.  For instance, emerging markets are usually considered one of the highest-risk sectors.  But if you restrict your choice to low-cost emerging-market index funds, they are unlikely to differ drastically in risk (at any rate, far less than individual companies).  This eliminates the problem mentioned above: when you choose to invest in Emerging Markets Index Fund A, you don't need to worry as much about whether Emerging Markets Index Fund B might have been less risky; most of the risk is in the choice to invest in the emerging markets sector in the first place, and differences between comparable funds in that sector are small by comparison.  You could do the same with other targeted sectors that can produce high returns; for instance, there are mutual funds and ETFs that invest specifically in technology stocks. So you could begin by exploring the mutual funds and ETFs available via your existing investment bank, or poke around on Morningstar.  Fees will still matter no matter what sector you're in, so pay attention to those.  But you can probably find a way to take an aggressive risk position without getting bogged down in the details of individual companies.  Also, this will be less work than trying something more exotic, so you're less likely to make a costly mistake due to not understanding the complexities of what you're investing in."
"The general answer to any ""is it worth it"" insurance question is ""no,"" because the insurance company is making a profit on the insurance.* To decide if you want the insurance, you need to figure out how much you can afford to pay if something happens, how much they cover, and how badly you want to transfer your risk to them.  If you won't have trouble coming up with the $4000 deductible should you need to, then don't get this extra insurance.  * I did not mean to imply that insurance is always a bad idea or that insurance companies are cheating their customers. Please let me explain further.  When you buy any product from a business, that business is making a profit. And there is nothing wrong with that at all. They are providing a service and should be compensated for their efforts.  Insurance companies also provide a service, but unlike other types of businesses, their product is monetary. You pay them money now, and they might pay you money later. If they pay you more money then you spent, you came out ahead, and if you spend more money then they give you, it was a loss for you.  In order for the insurance company to make a profit, they need to bring in more money than they pay out. In fact, they need to bring in a lot more money then they pay out, because in addition to their profit, they have all the overhead of running a business.  As a result, on average, you will come out behind when you purchase insurance. This means that when you are on the fence about whether or not to purchase any insurance product, the default choice should be ""no.""  On average, you are financially better off without insurance.  Now, that doesn't mean you should never buy insurance. As mentioned by commenter @xiaomy, insurance companies spread risk across all of their customers. If I am in a situation where I have a risk of financial ruin in a certain circumstance, I can eliminate that risk by purchasing insurance. For example, I have term life insurance, because if I were to pass away, it would be financially catastrophic for my family. (I'm hoping that the insurance company makes 100% profit on that deal!) I also continue to buy expensive health insurance because an unexpected medical event would be financially devastating. However, I always decline the extended warranty when I buy a $300 appliance, because I don't have any trouble coming up with another $300 in the unlikely event that it breaks, and I would rather keep the money than contribute to the profits of an insurance company unnecessarily.  In my original answer above, I pointed out how you would determine whether or not to purchase this particular insurance product. This product pays out a bunch of relatively small amounts for certain events, up to a limit of $4000. Would this $4000 be hard for you to come up with if you needed to? If so, get the insurance. But if you are like me and have an emergency fund in place to handle things like this, then you are financially better off declining this policy."
Stay in school, learn everything you can, and spend as little money as possible.  And realize that the chances of you dropping out and becoming a millionaire are much lower than the chances of you staying in school and becoming a millionaire.  You're unlikely to be a good investor if you make bets with negative expected payoffs.
I've done a lot of gov contracting, the IT/software side of most of these gov organizations is very very disappointing.  Then again I'm breaking my own pet peeve about google employees in these news articles here. They're not all engineers.
"This is my two cents (pun intended).  It was too long for a comment, so I tried to make it more of an answer.  I am no expert with investments or Islam: Anything on a server exists 'physically'.  It exists on a hard drive, tape drive, and/or a combination thereof.  It is stored as data, which on a hard drive are small particles that are electrically charged, where each bit is represented by that electric charge.  That data exists physically.  It also depends on your definition of physically.  This data is stored on a hard drive, which I deem physical, though is transferred via electric pulses often via fiber cable.  Don't fall for marketing words like cloud.  Data must be stored somewhere, and is often redundant and backed up. To me, money is just paper with an amount attached to it.  It tells me nothing about its value in a market.  A $1 bill was worth a lot more 3 decades ago (you could buy more goods because it had a higher value) than it is today.  Money is simply an indication of the value of a good you traded at the time you traded.  At a simplistic level, you could accomplish the same thing with a friend, saying ""If you buy lunch today, I'll buy lunch next time"".  There was no exchange in money between me and you, but there was an exchange in the value of the lunch, if that makes sense.  The same thing could have been accomplished by me and you exchanging half the lunch costs in physical money (or credit/debit card or check). Any type of investment can be considered gambling.  Though you do get some sort of proof that the investment exists somewhere  Investments may go up or down in value at any given time.  Perhaps with enough research you can make educated investments, but that just makes it a smaller gamble.  Nothing is guaranteed.  Currency investment is akin to stock market investment, in that it may go up or down in value, in comparison to other currencies; though it doesn't make you an owner of the money's issuer, generally, it's similar.  I find if you keep all your money in U.S. dollars without considering other nations, that's a sort of ignorant way of gambling, you're betting your money will lose value less slowly than if you had it elsewhere or in multiple places. Back on track to your question: [A]m I really buying that currency?  You are trading a currency.  You are giving one currency and exchanging it for another.  I guess you could consider that buying, since you can consider trading currency for a piece of software as buying something. Or is the situation more like playing with the live rates? It depends on your perception of playing with the live rates.  Investments to me are long-term commitments with reputable research attached to it that I intend to keep, through highs and lows, unless something triggers me to change my investment elsewhere.  If by playing you mean risk, as described above, you will have a level of risk.  If by playing you mean not taking it seriously, then do thorough research before investing and don't be trading every few seconds for minor returns, trying to make major returns out of minor returns (my opinion), or doing anything based on a whim. Was that money created out of thin air? I suggest you do more research before starting to trade currency into how markets and trading works.  Simplistically, think of a market as a closed system with other markets, such as UK market, French market, etc.  Each can interact with each other.  The U.S. [or any market] has a set number of dollars in the pool.  $100 for example's sake.  Each $1 has a certain value associated with it.  If for some reason, the country decides to create more paper that is green, says $1, and stamps presidents on them (money), and adds 15 $1 to the pool (making it $115), each one of these dollars' value goes down.  This can also happen with goods.  This, along with the trading of goods between markets, peoples' attachment of value to goods of the market, and peoples' perception of the market, is what fluctates currency trading, in simple terms.  So essentially, no, money is not made out of thin air.  Money is a medium for value  though values are always changing and money is a static amount. You are attempting to trade values and own the medium that has the most value, if that makes sense.  Values of goods are constantly changing. This is a learning process for me as well so I hope this helps answers your questions you seem to have.  As stated above, I'm no expert; I'm actually quite new to this, so I probably missed a few things here and there."
Passive implies following an index. Your question seems to ask about a hypothetical fund that starts, say, as an S&P fund, but as the index is adjusted, the old stocks stay in the fund. Sounds simple enough, but over time, the fund's performance will diverge from the index. The slight potential gain from lack of cap gains will be offset by the fund being unable to market itself.  Keep in mind, the gains distributed each year are almost exclusively long term, taxed at a favorable rate.
Nah, you're thinking top 0.1% - they are very different than the top 1%.  Top 1% tends to be salaried professionals who work hard every day - doctors, lawyers, accountants, etc.  Top 0.1% makes their $$ off interest, dividends, etc., and these people own more wealth than the bottom 90%.  I'm on vacation, so all you're gonna get is a google link, but here's lots of sources of info on it: https://www.google.com.mx/search?q=top+1%25+vs+top+0.1%25&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;oe=UTF-8&amp;hl=en-us&amp;client=safari&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=daSDWb7dEZL08Aeg55bQDw
Thanks for replying. I think we are talking at cross purposes, though. In your original example you were talking terms of a promise to pay at a future time. In that example the asset might be destroyed but the promise to pay would still be binding (under typical laws of obligations) and so a court could enforce the obligaton to pay - unless perhaps the promise was itself nullified eg by being contingent on the asset (the apples) being harvested (ie not being destroyed). So, my question was really whether such a contingent promise really amounts to creating new money (as is suggested by the original example). I don't see a promise of this nature can be akin to creating money - it is a new bargain entered into by two (or more) parties
"What you're looking at is something called ""Bridge-Financing"".  Essentially, it allows you to borrow your down-payment from the bank, using your old home as collateral.  The interest rate varies, but if you get the bridge from the same institution as your new mortgage, they will often be a bit flexible.   You take possession of the new home, and begin mortgage payments on it normally.  When the old home is sold, the bridge is paid off.   Note that the deposit on signing for the new house will still have to be cash.  All bets are off if you are talking about a NEW new home, as builders usually require advance payments during the build."
Remember that these are accusations coming from a competitor, and Uber has already returned the same accusations but with a bigger number. It's virtually impossible to prove these claims, unless a company is stupid enough to send an official memo or something like that.
"I'm not sure these are all good e.g. ""Facebook: A Friendster for college students"".  What's the point of describing one company with another? Especially one that is smaller? And it used to be just college students, but not any more."
It seems to me that the study fails to adjust for the fact that if the UK became a US state, UK taxes would be removed which would probably result in lower living costs, higher incomes, more investments..and shittier healthcare... etc etc.
You are wildly over-estimating your taxes.  First, remember that your business expenses reduce your gross income.  Second, remember that taxes are progressive, so your flat 35% only applies if you're already making a high salary that pushed you into the higher brackets of US and CA. I think the deeper problems are: 1) you are expecting a super early start-up (with no finished product) to pay you the same as a steady job, including health insurance, and 2) you are expecting Kickstarter to independently fund the venture. The best source of funding is yourself.  If you believe in this venture and in your game design abilities, then pay for most of the costs out of your own savings.  Cut your expenses to the extent you can. You may want to wander over to startups.SE to get more perspective and ideas on your business plan.
While some of that money was made overseas, in many cases half or more was made domestically. I'm not pretending that a company should have any obligation to pay taxes to America on money earned abroad, but I am saying they have an obligation to pay taxes to America earned at home.  If an American company cannot discern between domestic and foreign sales, that sounds like a them problem, not a me problem, and we'll assess the full amount. Something tells me they'll be able to report the portion they made domestically.
His logic was basically that if the banks went bankrupt and didn't get a bailout, all of society would collapse ala Great Depression. So from a risk reward standpoint it was an easy decision. Iirc he made his investment just a couple weeks before TARP, and he himself admitted he didn't think they would be bailed out as quickly as they were.
The penalty is 10% regardless of the tax. If your marginal rate is so low, I'd consider converting some to Roth each year, and not touching it for tuition.
"I looked into the ""We buy houses"" people when I was trying to sell my house a few years back.  The amount they are normally willing to pay is far below value.  If I was going to take that little, I would just set the price at that amount and sell it to somebody, maybe making a young couple really happy getting into a house they couldn't otherwise afford."
Well the product is the Snoppa M1 gimble which had a successful indiegogo campaign a while back.   www.snoppa.com/mone.html (product page)  I don't want to share to much on the pricing, but I have a lot of room with pricing as I'm friends with the founder here in China. As for customer support and guarantee they cover everything with a 12 month warranty, and will be offering customer service/support directly. So it isn't something I need to be to concerned with.
"Once again, this depends entirely on your definition of ""rational"" as it comes to money. The idea that the ""rational"" thing to do with more money than you can spend is to maximize the amount of money you make that you still can't spend is arbitrary, and really comes down an expression of personal values rather than any kind of rationality.  It's not at all inconsistent for Mayweather to feel that the value of making good investments is to demonstrate his ability to make good investments. Again, not about some utility function to maximize value, but about power, success, and telling the world to fuck itself.  Look at the top-voted comment in this thread.   &gt; I have a feeling its because he doesn't know what he's supposed to do with checks.  Then look at this one, down in the middle somewhere below yours:  &gt; Like most fighters, before 2006, he fought under a promo company, Top Rank. He would get his guaranteed purse for fights and that was that. Instead of taking an $8M payday, he decided to cut out the middle man (Bob Arum) and bought out his contract for ~$750K and decided to promote the fights himself (Mayweather promotions). Instead of just getting his purse, he now got a cut of every revenue stream involved in a fight (PPV, Tickets, broadcasting rights, etc.).  Mayweather is saying to the world: ""You look at me and you see some guy who can't even read a cheque. But the joke's on you. I know what I'm doing so much that I can throw away more money than you'll ever make just by not cashing a cheque, and I don't give a fuck.""  He's also a woman-beating asshole, of course."
"&gt; Such other departments as were present in Iraq to do whatever they do were there as a means for the military to get out.  No, they were there as a means to (attempt) the implementation of foreign policy objectives.  &gt;I’d limit it to say it’s the military which is mostly wasteful (I’m not among those who don’t believe government can ever do anything right).  I've worked for multiple branches of the government. They are all incredibly wasteful.  &gt;But whether it’s measured in manpower or dollars, the fact remains that security functions are being outsourced.  Right, but ""amount of personnel"" is not a serious indicator of it's scope.  &gt; Is there any reason to think this will not continue?  It will depend on the type of environment."
I don't need to be a civil engineer to tell you that building high in areas prone to earthquakes are more expensive. While a wooden frame house is cheap and fairly earthquakes resistant.  Most houses in Auckland are detached houses. You can put a lot more townhouses in the same area, and there's no restriction in doing that in Auckland. So clearly something else is going on.
It will definitely be added to your AGI, but not necessarily bump your ordinary income tax bracket. You will have to use the Capital Gains Computation worksheet (that uses the general Tax Computation Worksheet) to figure out your tax liability. You might also be subject to the AMT. See the instructions to form 1040, line 44 (page 38) and line 45.
The Evostfitness launch a new Exercise Equipment shoulder press E-1006 works several muscles of the upper body and offers a host of benefits that improve daily functioning. This exercise can be performed with Shoulder Press E-1006 Strength Gym Equipment, resistance bands or a machine.and Intelligent ergonomic design features comfortable, oversized grips with multiple positions, adjustable seat pad for desired start position.An important benefit of the shoulder press exercise, as well as any other strength-training exercise, is increased bone strength. During the lift, the load placed on your bones by the weights stresses them and causes them to adapt, just like your muscles.   For More Information visit on:-www.evostfitness.com For any Queries kindly contact us at:-support@evostfitness.com
Yes, the choice of some of the base stats to use is pretty interesting. I'm not an expert in using FRED, but I think there are better numbers for a lot of those. Mostly it's about things like the origin of the graph though - look how many of the graphs on that page start in the mid fifties, not zero, thus magnifying things drastically. Also graphing numbers that aren't calculated the same way on the same graph - FRED does not fix your poor assumptions.
Get a decent job while at university - it will make all the difference. And calculate your budget and don't spend more than your budget allows Worked for me. That was the time when I had the greatest disposable income - all gone downhill since :-)
The best thing is to diversify across multiple currencies. USD and EUR seem reliable. But not 100% reliable to keep all your investments in this types of currencies. Invest part of your savings in USD, part - in EUR, and part in your home country's currency. Apart from investing I recommend you to have certain sum in cash and certain on your bank account.
Time Tracker I'm a software engineer and have been using this tool. It is free and has a good user interface. I believe it can very well be used by professional of other areas too. It does support the features that you're looking for regarding project and task tracking.
So what's the point of this update? Only a complete idiot like the people who fell for the Fyre festival can't see it  Also, you wouldn't be calling someone a shill if you helped broker the deal and pocketed a % or got $1000 for posting a one day ad
Here's an Irish government publication that should give you some background information to get you started. In a nutshell, you get tax benefits, but cannot withdraw money without penalty until you reach retirement age.
&gt; creating goods and services people are willing to pay for.  Let's get real here: you are using terms like 'economic rich' and 'political rich' so that you can ascribe to them whatever meaning you like.  They are both perfectly cromulent phrases, but I don't see how 'value investing' == 'creating goods and services people will pay for'.      I think you just like to imagine these big, strong entrepreneurs who make a buck while making the world better, and over *there* are these leeches that suck at the government teat.     Things aren't that simple, and yes, the overlap is significant.  Essentially, the policy-makers in America work for the rich.  All this decrying of regulation? Totally misguided, which lobbyists do you think asked for that, and in some cases actually wrote the legislation for the lawmakers?  It wasn't my lobbyist, and it wasn't yours, it was the lobbyist employed by the economic elites.  Every regulation serves as a barrier to entry for smaller, newer competitors.       For whatever historical reason, that's the case today in the USA. If we want it changed, we gotta strip political power from all economic elites. Build a wall between the two worlds that is so broad, so firm, that nobody tries to breach it.
"&gt;Every word is true.  No, really, none of it.  &gt;Taxpayers get tax credits for buying them. If taxpayers didn't get those tax credits then TSLA would have to lower the price of the car and they would be a loss.  In what world is $7,500 26.9% of $100k (their ASP, something close to 100k)?  Please, show me the math on that.  &gt;See above.  See *what* above?  You picked that number out of your ass.  &gt;I said competition is ""coming"", not that it's here.  Yeah, and name one that's coming.  Go ahead.  Nothing?  Thought so.  Not to mention, of course, that Tesla's company mission statement is to get other cars to compete with it.  That's literally the entire purpose for the company's existence.  And they recently told everyone else they can use their patents if they want to.  &gt;TSLA has worse battery tech than the cutting edge battery companies whose batteries are coming in the new competition  Oh, the competition which is coming, which you seem to know everything about and yet can't name?  Of *course* the current battery technology is worse than the technology of the future, no shit.  That's because battery tech improves at 8-10% per year.  It's been doing this for decades."
Never co-sign a loan for someone, especially family  Taking out a loan for yourself is bad enough, but co-signing a loan is just plain stupid. Think about it, if the bank is asking for a co-signer its because they are not very confident that the applicant is going to be paying back the loan. So why would you then step up and say I'll pay back the loan if they don't, make me a co-signer please. Here is a list of things that people never think about when they cosign a loan for somebody.  Now if you absolutely must co-sign a loan here is how I would do it. I, the co-signer would be the one who makes the payments to ensure that the loan was paid on time and I would be the one collecting the payment from the person who is getting the loan. Its a very simple way of preventing some of the worst situations that can arise and you should be willing to make the payments anyway after all thats what it means to cosign a loan. Your just turning things around and paying the loan upfront instead of paying after the applicant defaults and ruins every ones credit. (Source: user's own blog post Never co-sign a loan for someone, especially family)
&gt; We were talking about net taxation, not some ratio of gross income on a per family basis.   I was rebutting your claim that the top 1% pay 50% of all taxes.  &gt; The bottom 40% of American are net beneficiaries of taxes anyway.  I disagree.  Welfare programs in the US total a little over $200B, just above 5% of the federal budget.  Meanwhile military spending is about 25% if you count the VA.  Military spending is much more valuable to the rich since they can earn the contracts and have much more to defend.
&gt;Restaurants and hotels are posting new job openings faster than they can fill them. This is a promising sign for the economy. Many jobs in the hospitality industry have low pay but don't require specialized skills. So they often serve as a stopgap for people between jobs. In periods when the broader job market is bleak, jobs in this sector tend to get snapped up quickly.  What utter bullshit. We are progressively turning into a low wage country and NPR wants to trump this as good for the economy.
I use it for work to automatically fill in building features which are spelled differently and are classified differently by architects (for some reason). It's mainly vlookups, I'm not sure if it'll solve your problem but that's how I solved my problem. The only problem this creates is that the master list is pretty long and that you'll need to update your sheets when you open 'em.
eSalesData allows to reach the right prospects for every B2B campaign that you launch, with extensive apparel executives lists. By targeting the upper echelons of management in various clothing enterprises, you target the real decision makers who sign off on the largest purchases within their respective organizations.
You are conflating genetic manipulation in a laboratory with something done by hand by a farmer. It is not remotely credible to equate the two processes.  Also, please do not quote some blogger in defense of your argument. This discussion deserves a lot better than that. The guy is using *his own blog posts* for citations. That's bush league.
Dogma always disappoints.  The notion that an index fund is the end-all, be-all for investing because the expense ratios are low is a flawed one. I don't concern myself with cost as an independent factor -- I look for the best value.  Bogle's dogma lines up with his business, so you need to factor that in as well. Vendors of any product spend alot of time and money convincing you that unique attributes of their product are the most important thing in the world.  Pre-crash, the dogmatics among us were bleating about how Fixed-date Retirement Funds were the new paradigm. Where did they go?
Bad bad analogies.  No offense sorry, I make bad analogies too.  Tinkering with income inequality will not get in the way of overall wealth creation.  Go check out the income gap of the US vs any other industrialized nation.  Many have lower debt and lower unemployment than we do now, and have a lower income gap, which is caused by laws set up by society, not by some magical force.  People think it is just natural that some countries have a higher income gap than others.    It actually is NOT fact that increasing everyone's wealth helps society more.  if you look up any study done that measures happiness in a society, it shows many countries have happier people than the US does.  The US has more crime, mental illness, etc. than any other industrialized country.  if wealth creation were the solution to our problems, why isn't the US even keeping up with other countries when it comes to measurements that involve a society's success?    The key is that wealth creation only helps a society to a certain point, beyond that it doesn't make people happier.  When you said 'helps society more', you obviously meant people in it being happy, right?  having iPhones doesn't 'help society more' if everyone is miserable.  Anyway, once you get to where basic needs are met, more wealth doesn't really make people any happier.  But there is a mountain of evidence that a high income gap makes people miserable.
Two reasons why I think that's irrelevant: First, if it was on 3/31/2012 (two other sources say it was actually 4/3/2012), why the big jump two trading days later? Second, the stock popped up from $3.10 to $4.11, then over the next several trading days fell right back to $3.12. If this were about the intrinsic value of the company, I'd expect the stock to retain some value.
I disagree. I think the motivation to automate is to run a safer, more consistent operation and provide better (e.g. Faster) service to its customers. I agree, fewer employees will be needed but I could argue that the new jobs being created--likely as equipment operators--is a higher skill job (than sorting shelves) and will likely pay more.
"(Note: out of my depth here, but in case this helps...) While not a direct answer to your question, I'll point out that in the inverse situation - a U.S. investor who wants to buy individual stocks of companies headquartered outside US - you would buy ADRs, which are $-denominated ""wrapper"" stocks.  They can be listed with one or multiple brokerages. One alternative I'd offer the person in my example would be, ""Are you really sure you want to directly buy individual stocks?""  One less targeted approach available in the US is to buy ETFs targeted for a given country (or region).   Maybe there's something similar there in Asia that would eliminate the (somewhat) higher fees associated with trading foreign stocks."
True story: Had a fire in our store, extension cord got hot and set carpet on fire. Employee put it out in 30 seconds, no big deal.  Store manager came in, bitched about having to pay to refill the fire extinguisher. That's how executives are, at least where I work. Complains about needing people to do the work, and then demands a huge bonus.
"Your questions seek answers to specifics, but I feel that you may need more general help. There are two things, I feel, that you need to learn about in the general category of personal finance.  Your asking questions about investing, but it is not as important, IMHO, as how you manage your day-to-day operations.   For example, you should first learn to budget.  In personal finance often times ""living on a budget"" equates to poor, or low income.   That is hardly the case.  A budget is a plan on how to spend money.  It should be refreshed each and every month and your income should equal your expenses.  You might have in your budget a $1200 trip into the city to see a concert, hardly what a low income person should have in theirs. Secondly you need to be deliberate about debt management.  For some, they feel that having a car payment and having student loans are a necessary part of life and argue that paying them off is foolish as you can earn more from investments.  Others argue for zero debt.  I fall in the later.  Using and carrying a balance on high interest CCs and having high leases or car payments are just dumb.  They are also easy to wander into unless you are deliberate.   Third you need to prepare for emergencies.  Engineers still get laid off and hurt where they are unable to work.  They get sued.  Having the proper insurance and sufficient reserves in the bank help prevent debt. Now you can start looking into investments.   Start off slow and deliberate with investing.  Put some in your company 401K or open some mutual funds on the side.  You can read about them and talk with advisers, for free, at Fidelity and Vanguard.  Read books from the library. Most of all don't get caught up in too much hype.  Things like Forex, options, life insurance, gold/silver, are not investments.  They are tools for sales people to make fat commissions off the ignorant.      You are fortunate in that Engineers are very likely to retire wealthy.  They are part of the second largest demographic of first generation rich.  The first is small business owners.   To start out I would read Millionaire Next Door and Stop Acting Rich.  For a debt free approach to life, check out Financial Peace University (FPU) by Dave Ramsey (video course).  His lesson on insurance is excellent.   I am an engineer, and my wife a project manager we found FPU life changing and regretted not getting on board sooner.  Along these lines we have had some turmoil, recently, that became little more than an inconvenience because we were prepared."
Im gonna make up some numbers for this teaching moment.  2011: $60,000  2012: $50,000  2013: $100,000  2014: $70,000  2015: $60,000  2016: $75,000  2017: $90,000  2017 is the highest number since 2013. But before we had 2017 data, we only had up to 2016 data. In 2016, 2016 was the highest number since 2013.   We couldn't say the same about 2015 though. In 2015, 2014 was the highest number since 2013.   Such short timetables are kinda ridiculous to even claim. This type of number is only meaningful if its a big number of years like biggest deficit since 1953 (60ish years ago)
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.npr.org/2017/05/24/529852301/boom-time-again-for-u-s-oil-industry-thanks-to-opec) reduced by 79%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Oil producers across the country are watching to see what OPEC does at its meeting in Vienna this week, since the cartel of oil-exporting countries has recently played a big role in turning around a two-year U.S. slump.  &gt; There are more than twice as many U.S. rigs drilling for oil as a year ago, a turnaround that&amp;#039;s felt keenly in places like the Bakken oil patch in North Dakota.  &gt; In the dizzying boom-bust cycle of the oil industry, things were crazy busy here a few years back, when a barrel of oil was around $100. But that led to a surge in production that flooded the market, pushing the price of oil down.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ejcc3/boom_time_again_for_us_oil_industry_thanks_to_opec/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~133536 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Oil**^#1 **Dakota**^#2 **price**^#3 **U.S.**^#4 **Job**^#5"
Some (most) credit cards have a way to get a one-time use number. If that is an available option for one of your cards, that is probably the way to do the very risky transaction. These numbers can be good for only one purchase, or for multiple purchases with a single vendor. This will limit your exposure because they won't have access to your entire account. Also review your fraud protections with your credit card. With the single use number, it won't matter if you use the electronic form or the email. Just make sure you keep the confirmation email or a screen capture of the form.
You should pull your credit report from all the credit reporting agencies annually to make sure only the accounts you know of are being reported.
CitiBank offers a chip card.  It's not a chip and pin, but a chip and sign, however it worked well for my all transations.  Just call and ask for a 'world credit card' with a chip. https://creditcards.citi.com/credit-cards/citi-thankyou-premier-card/
"This is a funny article.  This kid is riding around talking to people who don't want to sell.  If they wanted to sell, they'd call a realtor.  Sounds like he can't afford what's already on the market. 23-year-olds typically don't own.  This is the flip side of the ""wealth effect.""  The middle class housing has appreciated so much, millennials can't afford to buy them.  I think there's quite an overhang, and prices should fall as the boomers need to sell, and millennials have more resources."
Dollar cost averaging is an great way to diversify your investment risk.  There's mainly 2 things you want to achieve when you're saving for retirement: 1) Keep your principal investment; 2) Grow it.  The best methods recommended by most financial institutions are as follows:  1) Diversification;  2) Re-balance. There are a lot of additional recommendations, but these are my main take away.  When you dollar cost average, you're essentially diversifying your exchange risk between the value of the funds you're investing.   Including the ups and downs of the value of the underlying asset, may actually be re-balancing.  Picking your asset portfolio: 1) You generally want to include within your 401k or any other invest, classes of investments that do not always move in total correlation as this allows you to diversify risk; 2) I'm making a lot of assumptions here - since you may have already picked your asset classes.  Consider utilizing the following to tell you when to buy or sell your underlying investment: 1) Google re-balance excel sheet to find several examples of re-balance tools to help you always buy low and sell high;   2) Enter your portfolio investment; 3) Utilize the movement to invest in the underlying assets based on market movement; and 4) Execute in an emotionless way and stick to your plan.  Example -  Facts 1) I have 1 CAD and 1 USD in my 401k.  Plan I will invest 1 dollar in the ratio of 50/50 - forever.   Let's start in 2011 since we were closer to par: 2010 - 1 CAD (value 1 USD) and 1 USD (value 1 USD) = 50/50 ratio 2011 start  - 1 CAD ( value .8 USD) and 1 USD (value 1 USD) = 40/60 ratio 2011 - rebalance - invest 1 USD as follows purchase .75 CAD (.60 USD) and purchase .40 USD = total of 1 USD reinvested 2011 end - 1.75 CAD (value 1.4USD) and 1.4 USD (value 1.4 USD) - 50/50 ratio As long as the fundamentals of your underlying assets (i.e. you're not expecting hyperinflation or your asset to approach 0), this approach will always build value over time since you're always buying low and selling high while dollar averaging.  Keep in mind it does reduce your potential gains - but if you're looking to max gain, it may mean you're also max potential loss - unless you're able to find A symmetrical investments.  I hope this helps.
Well, to be fair, they weren't really being patent trolls, which I understand to be entities that sit on patents for stuff that was never produced, just waiting for someone to produce it so that they can sue them.  LEGO may have been unjustified in trying to hold onto their designs (I'm guessing through trying to justify it as a trademark thing and not a patent), but they weren't trolling.
The Coinage Act of 1792 of the Continental Congress established that the lowest money of account for the United States is one-thousandth (1/1000) of a dollar. This sub-unit is the mille (also written mil, mill). Other sub-units  given by the act are the disme for one-tenth (1/10) of a dollar (for which, etymologically, is the origin of the word dime), and the cent for one-hundredth (1/100) of a dollar. The ten-thousandth of the dollar value is taken on account by a few financial organizations, but has no official given term. For the monetary value of USD 27.4955, it may be quoted as twenty-seven dollars, forty-nine cents, and five-and-a-half milles.
"It's all about access to capital: You can borrow against 401ks up to an extent. You can borrow against CDs outside of tax sheltered retirement plans. You can't borrow against an IRA, although there is a situation with a very small time frame that would still be state sanctioned with no tax penalties. I wouldn't recommend it. Annuities come with penalties. I've looked at many possibilities of accessing retirement capital without penalty, and 401k's offer that ability, but its also good to just have savings accounts and investments that are not tax-deferred. Borrowing against 401k pros: http://www.ehow.com/how_2075551_borrow-money-from-401k.html  cons: http://www.investopedia.com/articles/retirement/06/eightreasons401k.asp#axzz29TtJPoXO Outside of your general expenses and play money, money you put toward - say... - a house should be non-tax deferred. Because if you like borrowing, you can always borrow against the house, or any property. The root of the problem is liquidity and access to capital, understanding those fundamental concepts will answer most questions. ""Am I liquid? Yes/No"" ""Can I be liquid without losing money? Yes/No"" As usual, more is more, adjust your priorities accordingly."
Didn't a recent UW study show exactly the opposite? And another from UC Berkeley found the unemployment rate was lower because of the law?  I mean, the seattle area has a 3.3% unemployment rate and restaurants employment, which was supposed to be hardest hit, is up.
What value?  It's bits and bytes.  It's a mechanism for exchange, but so were beaver pelts.  There's literally zero value because it's backed by absolutely nothing other than the full faith and credit of... what, the internet?  It's a huge joke.  People are putting their stock in it, but there was a front page story just yesterday about another crypto currency that went from $300 to $0.10 with a single transaction.  Go ahead, put your life savings in it if you love it so much, but it's insignificant, and it's a joke.  Someone's making money off of selling the shit... if that's not you, you're the fool.
There's an excellent new service called SelfScore that offers US credit cards to international students. They work with students without a credit history and even without an SSN by using other qualifying factors such as major, financial resources in their home country, and employability upon graduation. Worth clarifying: it's neither a secured credit card nor a prepaid card. It's a proper US credit card with no annual fees and a relatively low APR designed to help students build US credit. The spending limit is relatively small but that probably doesn't matter for just building a credit history.
This creates incentive for the employee to contribute more and increases the funds under management of the 401(k) plan. The size of the plan influences the fees that are charged in each of the funds offered. (The more assets under management, the better for those in the plan.) More importantly, 401(k) plans are not allowed to discriminate in favor of highly compensated employees. That discrimination is determined by calculating the average deferrals by your lower compensated employees and comparing them to the average deferrals of your highly compensated employees. If highly compensated employees are saving too much compared to the rest of the pack, they will have some of their contributions returned the next year (with all the tax implications of that). Forcing everyone to contribute 6% to get the full match helps the plan to not fail the discrimination test and protects the highly compensated employees from losing some of their tax deferrals.
"This question was asked over at wilmott.com which is a site for quantitative analysts. Some of the finest minds in the business (I am serious here) pondered the question. the best answer was along the lines of: ""A Gambler generally gambles their own money, a derivatives trader gambles using someone else's"".  There is an important legal difference is that a gambling dept is normally considered a ""debt of honor"", that is not enforceable in a court of law whilst a derivatives contract is considered legally binding. This last bit gets a bit interesting under some jurisdictions because only derivatives contracts involving the delivery of something physical are enforceable, whilst contracts involving settlement with financial instruments are not, so a stock index future would not be recognized."
"How on earth can you possibly know what is going on in individual company X?  The sole exception is if it is your own company. The stock markets of the world are in fact a nest of sharks.  The big sharks essentially make money out of the little sharks.  Some little sharks manage not to be eaten, and grow bigger.  Good luck with that. ""Insider trading"" is, when found out, a crime these days.  But ""insider knowledge"", ""insider hints"", ""knowledge of market sentiment"" and indeed just rumours about a given company are the kinds of things you won't particularly get to hear of in the fog of disinformation, and don't particularly want to waste your time with for a very uncertain loss or gain at the end of the year. The thing I find annoying about mutual funds is that they can be very stupid, and I speculate that it may be the consequence of the marketing on the one hand, and the commission structure on the other.  I started cashing in my funds in late 2007, following the collapse of Northern Rock here in the UK.  The ""2008"" crisis was in fact the slowest economic car crash in history. But very very few mutual funds saw, or seemed to see, the way the wind was blowing, and switch massively to cash. If the punters had the courage to hang on, of course, mostly stocks bounced back in 2009 and 2010.  Moral: remember you can cash your stuff in any time you want."
Basically, any time someone claims they put money into your bank account, or send you a check, or something similar, and then asks you to send money to someone else, it is a scam. What you need to do: 1. Under no circumstances whatsoever must you ever send money to anyone. 2. Talk to your bank and ask them for advice.  The money that gets put into your bank account isn't real. It has been paid with a forged check, or a stolen credit card number, or a hacked or faked bank account. Your bank will figure this out eventually, and then they will take that money away. It may take many weeks, but the money will disappear.  Meanwhile, any money that you send to someone is real. It's your money. When you send it, it is gone. Your bank will hold you to that.  So in your case if they say they pay you $6,000 for a job, but put $10,000 into your bank account and ask you to pass $4,000 on to someone, the $4,000 you pay comes out of your bank account, a long time later the $10,000 comes out of your bank account, and you owe the bank $4,000. Plus sometimes the job involves real work that obviously doesn't pay.  An alternative is that this is money laundering, in which case you would become a criminal by being involved.
It is not the requester's responsibility to guaranty that the bidders make a profit.  Masdar is sovereign wealth money and their interests are not 100% aligned with the profit motive. Winning big projects, keeping the pipeline full and having sufficient market penetration in their backyard is important too.
Every time you buy or sell a share for some price, somebody must have thought that that was exactly the right moment to sell or buy that share at that price (and to trade with you). Every time a trade is made, both sides think they are doing the smart thing. Most of the time, one will turn out to be wrong, the other right. Nothing in your proposed method of trading explains why you would be the side that was right more often. So they'll probably even out. Or maybe there are people in the market who actually do have a slightly better than average method, and you'll be wrong somewhat more often than right. Each trade has transaction costs. If you simply hang on to your shares, that's more or less the same as evening out good trades and bad trades, but without the transaction costs.
Here are the general guidelines on what you should report and pay - but the overall rule is that if it's not a business-related cost then you can't claim it. In your example, a client meeting may warrant a claim for 'entertaining clients' which could be claimed as a business cost - but buying yourself a coffee to get out of the house isn't a business cost.
Because more than a few utility companies have overcharged me in the past, and with online banking they can automatically deduct from my account. With a check I can control how much I pay them. It's much easier to fight a charge when they don't already have your money.
Subprime Auto Loan Defaults on the Rise  [https://youtu.be/4XrdNmgon2c] Jul 30, 2017  Bill Black the white collar criminologist says It is a very severe problem for consumers who are going to lose not only their cars, but their credit ratings
I wasn't going to come out and say that, but you're right. We all know if he does come out with something it will be that we need to make it cheaper to hire people. Now we'll have a bunch of people who have jobs, but are still below the poverty line.  He's replacing one problem (unemployment) with another (even more rampant poverty). Not only that, it's unlikely that it will even have an overreaching impact. The unemployment rate in India is 10% and they have very little rules and regulations regarding workers.  Borrowing at low rates and investing in infrastructure worked out really well in the past. Both Democrats and Republicans have done it, and it always works out well.  I don't know why it's completely off the table right now for them.
Don't overthink it. As an employee, whether of your own corporation or of someone else, you get a salary and there are deductions taken out. As the owner of a business you get (hopefully) business profits as well. And, in general, you often have other sources of income from investments, etc. Your estimated tax payments are based on the difference between what was withheld from your salary and what you will owe, based on salary, business income, and other sources. So, in essence, you just add up all the income you expect, estimate what the tax bill will be, and subtract what's been withheld. That's your estimated tax payment.
Trade work has a stigma associated with it. Many millenials believe that a college degree is required to get a decent salaried job in this market.   That mindset is understandable. After all, why would you voluntarily pay tens of thousands in tuition and tens of thousands more in loans if it didn't lead to getting a higher paying job?
As much as people on the internet and ZH-like blogs like to harp on auto deliquencies and other narrow metrics as broader statements about how life around us is all a sham, I feel this article does a good job at discussing the mitigants here.  Notably: 1) that the sub-prime auto market is rather small, so while delinquencies may rise it won't represent a catalyst for a broader financial crisis.   2) The securitized products Santander and others are putting together are structured in a way to account for these defaults and loss rates, so while the relative uptick in default rates is interesting to note, it doesn't necessarily spell doom in absolute terms.   3) The fact that many auto dealers don't verify income isn't uncommon and in fact an industry standard practice due to point #2 above. The statement these dealers have been lying about incomes and/or is not verifying incomes certainly pulls at the heart strings of the 2008 Housing Crisis, but when discussed within the context of how the auto lending market works, it isn't nearly as scary as those statements would suggest in isolation.
One possibility that I use: I set up an LLC and get paid through that entity. Then I set up a payroll service through Bank of America and set up direct deposit so that it is free.  I pay myself at 70% of my hourly rate based on the number of hours I work, and the payroll service does all the calculations for me and sets up the payments to the IRS.  Typically money is left over in my business account. When tax time rolls around, I have a W2 from my LLC and a 1099 from the company I work for. I put the W2 into my personal income, and for the business  I enter the revenue on the 1099 and the payroll expenses from paying myself; the left over in the business account is taxed as ordinary income. Maybe it's overkill, but setting up the LLC makes it possible to (a) set up a solo 401(k) and put up to $51k away tax-free, and (b) I can write off business expenses more easily.
Custom baby boxes are available in the market because people like to have customizable baby packaging for keeping the various goods. You can have packaging of various sizes, styles and shapes such as polka dot boxes are considered best for this purpose because these provide soothing effects to the eyes and look decent and appealing as well.
Despite a fair number of views, no one besides @mbhunter answered, so I'll gather the findings of my own research here. Hopefully, this will help others in similar situations. If you spot any errors, please let me know!
This thread just depressed the hell out of me.  I'm a junior year finance major in college.  And I was barely able answer half these questions.  Can someone enlighten me to some resources I can study so I don't embarrass myself during my upcoming summer internship interview.  Maybe with a little bit of preference to venture capital?
"It is not clear when you mean ""company's directors"" are they also majority owners.   There are several reasons for Buy;   Similarly there are enough reasons for sell;   Quite often the exact reasons for Buy or Sell are not known and hence blindly following that strategy is not useful. It can be one of the inputs to make a decision."
"Let's talk  innovation. You say that 80% of people will provide 100% of societies needs. Perhaps. But what about society's desires? Why, some of the finest minds in business are working and investing right now to exploit the natural resources of outer space. Tourism, mining, transport, why the sky is no longer the limit! See Spacex, Virgin Galactic, etc. You can't tell me you wouldn't go on a space-cation. Well, I'll bet that would be a great source of jobs that NO ONE does right now. Space valet, space bellhop, space waiter, space hotel manager, PLUS we need pilots to get people up and down, engineers to build the hotels, etc. etc. etc.  Edit: As to your point about wealth flowing upwards, that's just a problem with laissez-faire capitalism in general: if left to their own devices, wealthy people tend to hoard wealth imo. I think tax and spending reform would go a long way to allieviating the ""upward"" flow of capital over the last few years."
Yahoo Finance provides the proper closing price.  HP's historical data around the split date can be found here. The open, high and low of the day are wrong prior the split, but the closing price is right and for HP, it was $26.96 USD.  The next day the closing price was $13.83 USD.
"I've only really seen the social network so i'm no expert.  Didn't he only get noticed because he made the other website, so in a roundabout way he only get ""lucky"" because he did something out of the normal.  If he didn't do that other website he'd never have been noticed, so i guess we need to ask is it luck that he made that website, luck that he was noticed or was there an element to skill.  If you want to call it luck then almost everything ever done comes down to luck, lucky my teacher had a good day when they mark exams, luck that i got a question i knew the answer to.  What is luck in this sense?"
In the UK we've been able to order groceries online for years. Its always surprising when otherwise forward countries can't.   We have two systems, straight to our door; or, click and collect where you choose a pick up time and go to the store where they hand you your shopping. The second one is useful for me so I can grab anything else I've forgotten
The Dems use to use fiscal years (October 2008 through september 2009) to put all the big first year Obama expenses under bush (tarp but not the tarp repayment, the bailouts, and stimulus).  Now that they want to show decline, they must be including the bailouts and stimulus under Obama.
"One problem is the ""apple"" or ""PC"" solutions that exist now... you must be on the net to use system A or B or it stops working  You have to subscribe to get system A or continuously use lube A+(ala printer fluid) for your cyberlimbs...  You can only use amazoon net to read your daily new/upgrades/required.  You are connected to a permanent ""plan"" with minimum lien on your internal organs if you dont keep up payments  There would be other major problems like rejection or die off, then you are left with a septic mess and less quality of life or you become a permanent junky of anti rejection drugs.  Massive opportunities, we are in the business reddit after all, for the near future.   The question then starts to be does enhancement become a necessary  evil, when does it stop being a tool and become a part of you.  Some scientists already consider owning an Iphone as being enhanced cyber beings, when is the last time you remembered a phone number for instance.  Remembered someone's birthday lately or did FB or your calendar on your pc remind you, this means you are already enhanced!  Messing with the meat is a barrier but we already sculpt and ""enhance"" with surgery, use antibiotics and artificial insemination.  This is another step and each one will seem more momentous as we go to the old people but future generations will not even care we were worried."
I am assuming you are an NRI from tax perspective. Any income NRI earns is non-taxable in India. It is irrelevant whether the funds were transferred to India or not and whether they were transferred to NRO or NRE account is not relevant.
Really?  Care to back up your claim there?  Most employers are looking for MBAs.  Please explain why - although the competition is doing EXACTLY THAT! you wouldn't want to be on the same level.  I got it dude, you may have graduated a few years back (like me) when things were different and they wanted experience first, but that's not the case today.  Things have changed, and every Tom, Dick, and Harry has an MBA, so if you don't have one, it's kind of like not having any education.  Remember how it used to work if you didn't have a Bachelor's?  Same for an MBA these days.
Will 2 millions dollars check to be cash? Will a bank convert a check to cash?  In my experience, no.  Even for small checks.   Unless you happen to have a VERY good relationship with your banker (read as: have an existing large bank balance.)   The exception is if you go to the bank the check is drawn on.   But even then, I doubt they'll cash a $2M dollar check. Can you deposit a $2M dollar check?  Most definitely. How long will 2 millions dollars check to be cash? Depends on your bank's policies, relationship with you, and the origination of the check.  You'll need to talk to the exact bank in question to find out.  Some guidelines from my own experiences: Out of country checks will take quite awhile, say 4 weeks, even for trivial amounts.  I'm not sure what a $2M size would do.   Beyond that situation, it will likely depend on whether you have more money than the check's worth in your bank accounts.  If so, they may be willing to give you cash in a few days.  Or if you only want some of the money as cash in a few days, that might be possible. If the bank couldn't cash for him, will the bank give him some of cash   for example, $500,000 for now, and the rest wait to be cash at later   time like 24 hours or 1 week? Unless you already have a lot of money in your relationship with the bank, I think it is HIGHLY UNLIKELY they will let you have ANY of the money in 24 hours.  You MIGHT get some of it in a week.   The issue will be that such a large check will be viewed as having a high chance of being fraudulent, so they will want to be exceptionally conservative.
I sell electricity. When I send you a bill, my actual profit makes up a tiny portion of the bill - but I've already paid the four other groups (G, T, D, Gov) and my other costs are what they are. If I don't get paid, that's my problem - the generator got paid, the transmission and distribution companies get paid, and the government sure as hell gets paid. So I'm easily out $99 on a $100 bill.
Perhaps your view of the world should be *more* calloused? It seems like you think the world owes you something...it doesn't owe you shit.  You could die in a ditch and the world wouldn't give 2 shits.  Maybe the world IS calloused; has that crossed your mind?  Have you traveled outside of the college campuses in Northeast US?  Shit can get pretty crazy out there in the real world.    And you still haven't even put forth an argument, or idea, or verbalized what you are pissed about.  Are you just mad at the world?  Think the system is unfair?  Just want other people's stuff?  What change would you make in the world?  . .    &gt;I hope that you never have to face adversity in your life.  I did.  &gt;I hope they tell you to just simply get a better job, I hope they tell you to take responsibility for your own life  They did.
Everyone likes to hate on AT&amp;T, but really, all the major four brands are the same. I get the same amount of dropped calls on both Verizion and AT&amp;T to be honest.  I feel like Sprint charges a bit more, but they don't have a cap on their data plans, so if you do multiple GB per month they are the best choice.  Otherwise, just go with whichever carrier is the best in your area. It varries from state to state, but generally AT&amp;T is great is most mid-sized cities, and Verizon is great in the suburbs or country.   I can't speak about T-mobile since I don't know anyone with it
I'd add that bigger banks tend to have experience doing more complicated things. As an example, my local credit union (~12 offices), simply didn't have the software to wire money to a Canadian bank, as where Chase did.  The Canadian routing number wasn't in the format of a US institution, and their software user interface just didn't allow for that number to be entered.  Also, most smaller banks don't have international toll free (in-country) numbers for foreign access. Smaller banks also tend to have less sophisticated business banking tools and experience. If you take a Treasury bond approval to a small bank, they'll generally look at you like you have three heads. So the international side of things is definitely in the favor of big banks; they have a lot more money to dump on services.
I don't think you can always assume a 12-month time horizon.  Sometimes, the analyst's comments might provide some color on what kind of a time horizon they're thinking of, but it might be quite vague.
The fifth in our series of blogs on what keeps retail CIOs awake at night focuses on the big question of ’out of the box’ or customisation.  The classic question for an Retail IT Director a generation ago was whether to buy or build a retail software solutions. Traditional IT departments were structured typically with large development teams who were quite capable of developing large scale applications as well as modifications to existing systems.  The classic question for an Retail IT Director a generation ago was whether to buy or build a retail software solutions. Traditional IT departments were structured typically with large development teams who were quite capable of developing large scale applications as well as modifications to existing systems.  Moving forward to the present and the recent history of apps, out-sourcing, agile methodology, off-shoring and near-shoring and the question has changed more into whether it is better to deploy a ready built solution in ‘vanilla’ flavor, i.e. as it comes out of the box. Or whether it is preferable to take the application in standard form and customise it to meet the particular needs of our business.
One of the main tax loopholes more readily available to the wealthy in the U.S. is the fact that long-term capital gains are taxed at a much lower rate. Certainly, people making less than $250,000/year can take advantage of this as well, but the fact is that people making, say, $60,000/year likely have a much smaller proportion of their income available to invest in, say, indexed mutual funds or ETFs. You may wish to read Wikipedia's article on capital gains tax in the United States. You can certainly make the argument that the preferential tax rate on capital gains is appropriate, and the Wikipedia article points out a number of these. Nevertheless, this is one of the main mechanisms whereby people with higher wealth in the U.S. typically leverage the tax code to their advantage.
"You are confining the way you and the other co-founders are paid for guaranteeing the loan to capital shares. Trying to determine payments by equity distribution is hard. It is a practice that many small companies particularly the ones in their initial stage fall into. I always advise against trying to make payments with equity, weather it is for unpaid salary or for guaranteeing a loan such as your case. Instead of thinking about a super sophisticated algorithm to distribute the new shares between the cofounders and the new investors, given a set of constraints, which will most probably fail to make the satisfactory split, you should simply view the co-founders as debt lenders for the company and the shareholders as a capital contributor.  If the co-founders are treated as debt lenders, it will be much easier to determine the risk compensation for guaranteeing the loan because it is now assessed in monetary units and this compensation is equal to the risk premium you see fit ""taking into consideration the probability of default "". On the other hand, capital contributors will gain capital shares as a percentage of the total value of the company after adding SBA loan."
The CBOE had a great article on this. I will search for it and edit. The normal dividends are not adjusted. Which is why you see early exercise of just out of the money options sometimes. To get that dividend. A special dividend, say a $50 stock with $1/yr dividend but now has a $3 one time dividend would likely result in an option strike adjustment.
Company culture is about the employees, not objects or events. If you look for good, friendly co-workers who can communicate, you'll have less problems with mean people who make work suck. If work doesn't suck and you enjoy being there, then it'll seem like less of a chore and you'll want to spend time there and be creative.
"Just to add about using debit card as ""credit"" vs ""debit"" way: In addition to the difference of having to enter the PIN when using ""debit"" mode (vs having to sign in ""credit"" mode), for stores that offer cash back (i.e. get cash out of your account at the same time as paying), you can only get cash back when using ""debit"" mode."
This is either laundering money or laundering non-money.  All the other answers point out how a cheque or bank transfer will take days to actually clear.  That is a red herring! There are lots of ways to illegally transfer real money out of existing accounts.  Stolen cheque books, stolen banking details (partly in connection with stolen smartphones and credit cards) and cards, money transfers from other people duped in a similar manner as you are: it is much easier to steal money than invent it, and it takes quite longer until stolen rather than invented money will blow up at the banks. All of those payments will likely properly clear but not leave you in actual legal possession of money.  People will notice the missing money and notify police and banks and you will be on the hook for paying back all of it. Cheques and transfers from non-existing accounts, in contrast, tend to blow up very fast and thus are less viable for this kind of scam as the time window for operating the scam is rather small. Whether or not the cheque actually clears is about as relevant of whether or not the Rolls Royce you are buying for $500 because the owner has an ingrown toe nail and cannot press down the accelerator any more has four wheels. Better hope for the Rolls to be imaginary because then you'll only be out of $500 and that's the end of it.  If it is real, your trouble is only starting.
The IRS Guidance pertaining to the subject.  In general the best I can say is your business expense may be deductible.  But it depends on the circumstances and what it is you want to deduct. Travel Taxpayers who travel away from home on business may deduct related   expenses, including the cost of reaching their destination, the cost   of lodging and meals and other ordinary and necessary expenses.   Taxpayers are considered “traveling away from home” if their duties   require them to be away from home substantially longer than an   ordinary day’s work and they need to sleep or rest to meet the demands   of their work. The actual cost of meals and incidental expenses may be   deducted or the taxpayer may use a standard meal allowance and reduced   record keeping requirements. Regardless of the method used, meal   deductions are generally limited to 50 percent as stated earlier.    Only actual costs for lodging may be claimed as an expense and   receipts must be kept for documentation. Expenses must be reasonable   and appropriate; deductions for extravagant expenses are not   allowable. More information is available in Publication 463, Travel,   Entertainment, Gift, and Car Expenses. Entertainment Expenses for entertaining clients, customers or employees may be   deducted if they are both ordinary and necessary and meet one of the   following tests: Directly-related test: The main purpose of the entertainment activity is the conduct of business, business was actually conducted   during the activity and the taxpayer had more than a general   expectation of getting income or some other specific business benefit   at some future time.   Associated test: The entertainment was associated with the active conduct of the taxpayer’s trade or business and occurred directly   before or after a substantial business discussion. Publication 463 provides more extensive explanation of these tests as   well as other limitations and requirements for deducting entertainment   expenses. Gifts Taxpayers may deduct some or all of the cost of gifts given in the   course of their trade or business. In general, the deduction is   limited to $25 for gifts given directly or indirectly to any one   person during the tax year. More discussion of the rules and   limitations can be found in Publication 463. If your LLC reimburses you for expenses outside of this guidance it should be treated as Income for tax purposes. Edit for Meal Expenses: Amount of standard meal allowance.   The standard meal allowance is   the federal M&IE rate. For travel in 2010, the rate for most small   localities in the United States is $46 a day. Source IRS P463 Alternately you could reimburse at a per diem rate
"Without knowing what you are trying to achieve - make a bit of pocket money, become financially independent, invest for retirement, learn trading to become a trader - I'll give you a few thoughts ...  The difficulty you will have trading with $400-600 is that brokerage will be a high proportion of your ""profits"". I'm not sure of the US (assuming US rather than AU, NZ, etc) rates for online brokers, but UK online brokers are the order of £6-10 / trade. Having a quick read suggests that the trading is similar $6-10/trade. With doing day trades you will be killed by the brokerage. I'm not sure what percent of profitable trades you have, but if it is 50% (e.g.), you will need to make twice the brokerage fees value on each profitable trade before you are actually making a profit. There can be an emotional effect that trips you up. You will find that trading with your own real money is very different to trading with fake money. Read up about it, this brief blog shows some personal thoughts from someone I read from time to time. With a $10 brokerage, I would suggest the following Another option, which I wouldn't recommend is to leverage your money, by trading CDFs or other derivatives that allow you to trade on a margin. Further to that, learn about trading/investing Plus other investment types I have written about earlier."
Yes. The S-Corp can deduct up to the amount it actually incurred in expenses. If your actual expenses to build the carport were $1000, then the $1000 would be deductible, and your business should be able to show $1000 in receipts or inventory changes. Note you cannot deduct beyond your actual expenses even if you would normally charge more. For example, suppose you invoiced the non-profit $2000 for the carport, and once the bill was paid you turned around and donated the $2000 back to the non-profit. In that case you would be deducting $1000 for your cost + $2000 donation for a total of $3000. But, you also would have $2000 in income so in the end you would end up with a $1000 loss which is exactly what your expenses were to begin with. It would probably be a good idea to be able to explain why you did this for free. If somehow you personally benefit from it then it could possibly be considered income to you, similar to if you bought a TV for your home with company funds. It would probably be cleaner from an accounting perspective if you followed through as described above- invoice the non-profit and then donate the payment back to them. Though not necessary, it could lesson any doubt about your motives.
The only consequence I could see is that they have your money until they pay you back. I'd just do what JoeTaxpayer says and get it back.
"No matter what you do, the question of ""what is income"" is *always* going to be an extremely complex question.   To use this particular example, is paying a royalty fee to an external party a legitimate business expense that is part of the cost of doing business and which subtracts from your ""income""?"
Average rates of return usually assume compounding, so your formula would be for annual compounding ,or for continuous compounding.
I don't know the term sole trader but usually the trade off is a corporation allows for shield from liability (i.e. creditors) more flexibility with respect to personal tax management, but higher operating costs (incorporation, financial statements, etc).  I always incorporate.
Sell the truck. I know that's not what he wants to hear. But the money you will save will make your goal possible. And in 5 years when you have your degree, a baby and you are both working steady jobs you will look back and realize it was a good decision. You guys are very young. You don't need a $40,000 vehicle right now.
Commissioned sales is dead. It might have worked when consumers were beholden to retailers for product knowledge and pricing, but now everyone can pull out their phone and understand the product, its competition, and know the lowest price in minutes.
"No one has addressed the fact that your loan interest and property taxes are ""deductible"" on  your taxes? So, for the first 2/3 years of your loan, you will should be able to deduct each year's mortgage payment off your gross income. This in turn reduces the income bracket for your tax calculation.... I have saved 1000's a year this way, while seeing my home value climb, and have never lost a down payment.  I would consider trying to use 1/2 your savings to buy a property that is desirable to live in and being able to take the yearly deduction off your taxes. As far as home insurance, most people I know have renter's insurance, and homeowner's insurance is not that steep.  Chances are a year from now if you change your mind and wish to sell, unless you're in a severely deflated area, you will reclaim at minimum your down payment."
LOL, yeah, actually maybe china doesn't give a fuck about the waste like they are doing with all their industry? Of course they don't look at emotions or give a shit because they are a fucking communist centrally planned government you retard.
I wouldn't say fair enough.  Go back and read the article again, right now, to remind yourself how bad it really was.  Passion is okay but that article needs a lot of work to be taken seriously by anyone other than those who already circle jerk to bitcoin.  If all he wants is hits and praise ($) from bitcoin fanatics, and doesn't care about the cause, then more power to him. If he wants to make a difference he needs a better writing style.
No shit. That's not the point OP was making. He was saying they dont exist, so who would buy an electric car when the necessary infrastructure isn't in place yet? The same situation existed for gas when those cars first hit the road. Guess what? People built gas stations. It goes for any new tech that requires infrastructure. Thry build out together. Its not something thats insurmountable.
"The thing about the glide path is that the closer you're to the retirement age, the less risk you should be taking with your investments. All investments carry risk, but if you invest in a volatile stock market at the age of 20 and lose all your retirement money - it will not have the same effect on your retirement as if you'd invest in a volatile stock market at the age of 65 and then lose all your retirement money. Static allocation throughout your life without changing the risk factor, will lead you to a very conservative investment path, which would mean you're not likely to lose your investments, but you're not likely to gain much either. The point of the glide path is to allow you taking more risks early with more chances of higher gains, but to limit your risks down the road, also limiting your potential gains. That is why it is always suggested to start your retirement funds early in your life, to make sure you have enough time to invest in potentially high return stocks (with high risk), but when you get close to your retirement age, it is advised to do exactly the opposite. The date-targeted funds do that for you, but you can do it on your own as well. As to the academic research - you don't need to go that far. Just look at the graphs to see that over long period investments in stocks give much better return than ""conservative"" bonds and treasuries (especially when averaging the investments, as it usually is with the retirement funds), but over a given short period, investments in stocks are much more likely to significantly lose in value."
Ok, I see your sarcasm, but what specifically did the executives do to cause the scandal? Maybe their head of community banking would be culpable, but do you think that the head of wealth and investment management would have any insight into retail accounts? Do you think the CEO gets that kind of granular information to even make that decision? Do you think the CFO has any insight into it?  I see a lot of people calling for the heads of everyone at WF, but at most, **maybe** one person on the executive board would have any influence in the area where the scandal occured. That area is not where the focus is, apparently.
"Envelope budgeting is pretty simple. It's easy enough that you can teach it to children, and flexible enough you can use it as an adult.   The general idea is that you take your cash money (no bank accounts involved in the simple version), and stick it in envelopes marked for what it's supposed to be for. So for example, you get paid, you cash your paycheck and you put $100 in an envelope marked food.  Now when you go out to eat, you go get the money out of your food envelope, and spend it on food.  When your food envelope is empty you go hungry.   In the simple version you have envelopes for things like ""food"", ""candy"", ""toys"", ""games"". etc. (simple version is usually taught to kids.)  So you want a $60 game, and your game envelope only has $5. Well you can't get the game. You need to add more money to the game envelope. You need to eat so you have to put money there, but maybe you don't need toys. So you can divert some incoming money from toys to games. Sure it's still going to take a while to get to $60, but now with some simple kid friendly math you can see how long, and more importantly, you can make decisions on what is more important. Candy or Toys? In the adult version things are much the same. We just have more envelopes. We have Rent, Car Payment, Gas, Food, Electric. Then we need some envelopes for ""savings"" and ""retirement"". etc. Now when you get your Paycheck you prioritize your money and you stuff it in the envelopes. How much you put in each envelope is easy. Enough to pay for that thing. Savings and Retirement meet different goals. You want $6,000 savings. Well just like that game in the kid version, you're not going to get there all at once.  But you can see and make decisions on what is most important. You want $1,000,000 to retire on. Sure, but that envelope is going to take a while to fill up.  At it's core, the important parts are that: Let me explain the rent example, as it's the oddest.  You get $500 a week, and you need $1000 for rent.  This means you're spending from your envelopes. During week 1 and 2 you're spending last months week 3 and 4.  You DO NOT do: This is important because if you lose your paycheck in week 3 or 4 you are homeless.  Finally, in general, you stick stuff in savings envelope. And you want to reach a savings envelope goal of 6 months of your average pay checks. Once you reach this goal, then you're in good shape, and a job loss doesn't mean you're homeless. You can always just pull from savings.  It's important when using these envelopes to understand that you only make the decision of what is more important when you're sticking money in, not when you're taking money out, and that you only work with the money you have right now today (in your hand). Now what you think you're going to get tomorrow.  Money in the bank can be split into virtual envelopes. Money in savings can be in any vehicle, but generally you want a short term emergency envelope (savings account) and a long term envelope (CDs for example). Take a look at YNAB.com they used to provide free lessons in using their software to manage an envelope system.  And the I know it's going to get comments section.  The rent v.s. homeless is a real example. You should not take money from, say, the food envelope, to cover the rent. This may seem silly, but if you're doing that then you made poor decisions when deciding where the money goes. Use the emergency fund envelope to cover the rent, and next time put less money into food. It's this ""rule"" that makes envelope budgeting work well. You may be homeless, but you can eat, drive to work, put gas in your car, and pay your bills. Taking money from different envelopes usually results in a spiral, where you attempt to do the sensible thing, but in the end, you're worse off.  Migrating to envelope budgeting (in the strict sense) is hard. The best way I have taught people to do it is to only envelope budget an increasing part of their income until their envelopes are full enough for one month. That means that you might only envelope budget 10% of your income at first. But unless your situation is such that you can cover all your bills with one paycheck, it's not going to be possible to transition without breaking the ""don't take money from other envelope"" rules."
Like almost all investing question: it depends! Boring companies generally appreciate slowly and as you note, pay dividends. More speculative investing can get you some capital gains, but also are more likely to tank and have you lose your original investment. The longer your time horizon, and the more risk you are willing to take, then it is reasonable to tilt towards, but not exclusively invest in, more speculative stocks. A shorter horizon, or if you have trouble sleeping at night if you lose money, or are looking for an income stream, would then tend towards the boring side. Good Luck
Get The Best SAP User List database from Technology User Lists to reach highly targeted markets. Our SAP users list can be used for all marketing Campaign like Email Marketing, Direct Mailing and Telemarketing.   you can achive all your business goals with the help of  our SAP users list database.
The key point is from the penultimate sentence in your second paragraph: for which you have already paid taxes When you receive a dividend or realise a capital gain, you get taxed on that then, and you shouldn't have to pay taxes on it again in future. So the cost basis gets adjusted to reflect that.
"1. **[National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org ""National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, 1-800-273-8255"")**      **Call toll-free in the United States: 1-800-273-8255**      **Chat: [http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineChat.aspx](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineChat.aspx)**  2. ""[For long-unemployed, hiring bias rears its head](http://www.seattlepi.com/news/article/For-long-unemployed-hiring-bias-rears-its-head-3428844.php)"" by Stephen Singer, published on 23 March 2012: http://www.seattlepi.com/news/article/For-long-unemployed-hiring-bias-rears-its-head-3428844.php  3. ""[The Anxiety of Unemployment](http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/05/21/control/)"" by Dominick Brocato and DW Gibson, published on 21 May 2012: http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/05/21/control/  4. ""[Long-term unemployment crisis rolls on](http://money.cnn.com/2012/06/11/news/economy/long-term-unemployment/index.htm)"" by Charles Riley, published on 11 June 2012: http://money.cnn.com/2012/06/11/news/economy/long-term-unemployment/index.htm  5. ""[Philadelphia Woman, 73, Says Age Has Kept Her Unemployed for Two Years](http://abcnews.go.com/Business/73-year-philadelphia-woman-testifies-age-discrimination-job/story?id=16352837&amp;singlePage=true)"" by Susanna Kim, published on 16 May 2012: http://abcnews.go.com/Business/73-year-philadelphia-woman-testifies-age-discrimination-job/story?id=16352837&amp;singlePage=true  6. ""[The Human Disaster of Unemployment](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/13/opinion/sunday/the-human-disaster-of-unemployment.html?pagewanted=all)"" by Dean Baker and Kevin Hassett, published on 12 May 2012: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/13/opinion/sunday/the-human-disaster-of-unemployment.html?pagewanted=all"
"A) Yes, it does accomplish the goal of adding more money, but the money is in lieu of any return you can earn while the loan is outstanding. If you somehow knew exactly which periods where going to run negative, and you took a 401k loan during that time, you'd be in pretty good shape, but if you had that information you'd probably be ruling the world in short order and wouldn't care much about a measly 401k. B) It's a nice idea, but unfortunately you are not allowed to set your own interest rate. (If you could your idea would work perfectly.) The interest rate is bank specific, and is typically 1-2 points over prime. But if your plan was to leave your money sitting in cash or low interest bearing accounts anyway, the loan does actually achieve the goal of ""getting more money in there"". Though it's your money; you aren't ""earning"" it."
you should put it all down within reason. I don't think most people have any big names on their resumes when they apply, but having substantive experience to talk about is important. Just because its not a multinational company doesn't mean your experience is invalidated or anything. If you feel like any of your experience lines are not particularly important, you can either list then as a line item with no experience description, or you can get rid of them entirely. But you should definitely have your experience from at least the last two years listed, as well as anything relevant to business/finance.
"Yeah, I guess the entire report is probably false because of that. What you're saying is applicable to the renewable industry too. There's all kinds of other investments made on behalf of renewables that aren't calculated into dollar amounts. Most obviously is the money that never even hits the books by subsidizing through consumer/corporate tax breaks.  For example: the company you work for more than likely has a recycling program. It doesn't make money because it's not profitable to recycle anything but aluminum, but if they didn't have the program they would get penalized (not directly necessarily but would lose out on ""green"" initiative funding).   The rest of what you are saying is as intangible as the first thing. If you think solar panels on your roof is going to keep the military out of other countries, you're clinical. And if you can't notice a correlation between the total lack of production coupled with the massive amounts of money being wasted then there's no discussion to be had.   By the by, that article has no citations and the link to any additional sourcing is broken."
nope, wouldn't. it's probably true. it would be a stereotype. like saying black people like chicken. is it racism if 98% of my black employees eat chicken every day or talk about how much they love chicken?   it's like saying Italian employees are lazy, if I hire 1,000 people and 50% are italian and they're generally always slower than the other 50% how is this racism?   if I don't want to hire women between 20-28 because I'd very likely end up having to pay for 12+ month for an employee that isn't at work, is it sexism not to hire?   women tend to gossip, that isn't sexism that is a fact. you know it, I know it, your girlfriend knows it, but because it's a public discussion point it is now sexist.   I can just say out of my experience the probability that a women brings a bad vibe into the office caused by drama or gossip is incredible higher than a man. am I sexist now? I don't think so, I'd still hire women, I just focus more on specific character features than in the past. similar as googles HR would focus on problem solving skills.  I say this out loud because it might be sexist in the public eye but everybody knows it's true in the majority of cases.  I have female employees and I value them as much as my male employees. doesn't mean I can randomly hire people.
"If your sole proprietorship losses exceed all other sources of taxable income, then you have what's called a Net Operating Loss (NOL). You will have the option to ""carry back"" and amend a return you filed in the last 2 years where you owed tax, or you can ""carry forward"" the losses and decrease your taxes in a future year, up to 20 years in the future. For more information see the IRS links for NOL. Note: it's important to make sure you file the NOL correctly so I'd advise speaking with an accountant. (Especially if the loss is greater than the cost of the accountant...)"
I agree with this. I like to buy stocks that are priced low according to value investing principles but set limits to sell if the stock happens to get priced at a point that exceeds X% annualized return, for instance 15% or 30% depending on preference. If the price goes up, I cash out and find the next best value stock and repeat. If the price does not go up, then I hold it which is fine because I only buy what I'm comfortable with holding for the long term. I tend to prefer stocks that have a dividend yield in the 2-6% range so I can keep earning a return.  Also I too like the look of MCD.  GE looks good as well, from this perspective.
My two-cents, read your plan document or Summary Plan Description. The availability of in-service withdrawals will vary by document. Moreover, many plans, especially those compliant with 404(c) of ERISA will allow for individual brokerage accounts. This is common for smaller plans. If so, you can request to direct your own investments in your own account. You will likely have to pay any associated fees. Resources: work as actuary at a TPA firm
The principle of demand-supply law will not work if spoofing (or layering, fake order) is implemented. However, spoofing stocks is an illegal criminal practice  monitored by SEC. In stock market, aggressive buyer are willing to pay for a higher ask price pushing the price higher even if ask size is considerably larger than bid size, especially when high growth potential with time is expected. Larger bids may attract more buyers, further perpetuating a price increase (positive pile-on effect). Aggressive sellers are willing to accept a lower bid price pushing the price lower even if ask size is considerably smaller than bid size, when a negative situation is expected. Larger asks may attract more sellers, further perpetuating a price fall (negative pile-on effect).  Moreover, seller and buyers considers not only price but also size of shares in their decision-making process, along with marker order and/or limit order. Unlike limit order, market order is not recorded in bid/ask size. Market order, but not limit order, immediately affects the price direction. Thus, ask/bid sizes alone do not give enough information on price direction. If stocks are being sold continuously at the bid price, this could be the beginning of a downward trend; if stocks are being sold continuously at the ask price, this could be the beginning of a upward trend.  This is because ask price is always higher than bid price. In all the cases, both buyers and sellers hope to make a profit in a long-term and short-term view
I'm not saying that I have a problem with public transportation, I'm saying that it makes sense for the government to be investing in it. I'm saying that they should be putting more money into improving it. My whole point was that when there's a service that isn't necessarily profitable the government should be putting money toward it so that the public good is the focus.
Cograts on eating better but Don't let that documentary scare you too much. All the studies they have done were prospectice cohort corolation based studies. Meaning they asked someone what that ate that day in a survey then 10 years later they look at their health. If they gained weight or got diabetes they then corolate that outcome with the food they ate 10 years ago. It's a terrible way to conduct experiments. This is why saturated fat was linked to heart disease for the past 30 years but now their realizing it's actually not a main cause at all and it's more due to the surgar and corn syrup in our diets. But sad part it the U.S.D.A makes money selling corn and sugar so they won't admit it even though the new research is clear. I'm an RD and exercise physiologist getting my PHD atm. Eating healthy is simple eat fruits and Vegis with the least amount of chemicals and eat grass fed meat and limit grain intake.
I predict that WP7 and eventually 8 will fill the hole that RIM is leaving this coming year, largely in part due to Nokia and their ability to deliver really nice handsets and market to Europe.  RIM has nothing to compete with in 2012 until their BB10 phones come out, but I think it will be far too late to stem the decline.  By then we'll have Windows 8 tablets, WP8, a very mature Android market and the iPad 3/iPhone 5.
I wrote a detailed answer about variable annuities on another question, but I want to include one specific situation where a variable annuity may be the right course of action. (For the sake of simplicity, I'm quoting directly from that answer): Three-quarters of US states protect variable annuity assets from creditors. Regular IRA's don't benefit from protection under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) and may therefore be more vulnerable to creditors. If you're a potential target for lawsuits, e.g. a doctor worried about medical malpractice suits, variable annuities may be an option for you. As always, you should consult a legal/tax professional to see if this might be a good option for you to consider. The SEC also has a fantastic publication on variable annuities that provides a great deal of information. It's not directly related to this question because it doesn't necessarily focus on the circumstances in which they might be a good fit for you, but it's educational nevertheless and should give you more than enough information to properly evaluate any policy you're looking to buy.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.nber.org/papers/w18586) reduced by 67%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; NBER Working Paper No. 18586Issued in December 2012NBER Program(s): ED LS PE. We show that the vast majority of very high-achieving students who are low-income do not apply to any selective college or university.  &gt; We separate the low-income, high-achieving students into those whose application behavior is similar to that of their high-income counterparts and those whose apply to no selective institutions.  &gt; In contrast to the achievement-typical students, the income-typical students come from districts too small to support selective public high schools, are not in a critical mass of fellow high achievers, and are unlikely to encounter a teacher or schoolmate from an older cohort who attended a selective college.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ocl9d/the_missing_oneoffs_the_hidden_supply_of/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~170965 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **students**^#1 **college**^#2 **selective**^#3 **apply**^#4 **low-income**^#5"
The card you have is one where you had to deposit an amount equivelent to your card limit -a secured limit credit card.  Capital One is one if the primary cards of this type. The typical rules of credit card usage and building your credit, do not apply.  So, yes, you want to use the card as much as possible and pay off your balance as often as is necessary to keep your limit freed up. You can actually pay the full balance plus 10%, and gain a little extra limit. Use your card as much as possible and call them and ask for a limit increase every three months.  usually about 4 - 5 months in, they will increase your limit and do so without asking for a corresponding security deposit.  This is really cool, because it means you are becoming credit-worthy. I know so much about this because I applied for this card for my son and am helping him in his attempt to repair his credit.  His score increased by almost 200 points last year.
The legal services rendered by Sarasota Short Sale Attorney  include helping the client put together the short sale application package, monitoring the progression of the application, negotiating terms, analyzing counter offers or any response from the bank, and the ability to close on the short sale and to be the closing agent.
You're not subject to the US tax laws, and since the income is not US-sourced, it is not subject to withholding. Your employer doesn't need any form, but if they insist - you can provide them a W8-BEN to certify your non-resident status. Keep in mind that if you do come to the US, the money you earn while in the US is US-sourced and subject to the US taxes and withholding, even if you're non-resident.
Another thing to keep in mind is the fact that maintence CapEx is viewed as required cash spend in order to *maintain* the business at its current levels, whereas as expansionary CapEx is viewed as voluntary. If I were to value your Company I would want to know how well it cash flows as is given that whatever voluntary growth CapEx investments current management is making may not apply to my plan for the company if I were to purchase it.  Secondly, often times expansionary CapEx is funded through credit facilities, and thus from a credit perspective it is helpful to break out maintenance capex and growth capex when determining certain credit metrics, such as a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.
The best solution I've been able to find for this is MoneyWiz, where both are logged into the same sync account.
Poke around in r/google and then tell me I'm wrong. ;)  Try to say something negative in even most lighthearted way in that sub, and watch yourself get showered with a brigade of downvotes, faster than you can say 'Eric Schmidit'.  EDIT: Lol, downvoted already. They must have 'heard' me.
"Years ago, a coworker bragged to me how his ""tax guy"" got him a huge refund. I told him my goal was to owe a couple thousand dollars, and that I'm glad I didn't have his guy.  In the end, your return should reflect the truth, and a good tax guy will be little better than good tax software. The bottom line is that a refund is money you lend the government, interest free. If you can owe a bit of money but avoid paying a penalty, you'll have gotten a free loan from Uncle Sam.  Given the fact that most (it seems that way, someone tell me if I'm wrong) families carry some balance on their credit cards, they are paying out 12% or more on their highest interest debt. Lending the government even $1000 for the year comes at a cost, if you file in time to get your refund by the end of March, that's an average 9 months you are out your money. 12%/yr is $90. Scale that up to $3000, the average refund, and the max 24% rate I've seen, $540 lost.  Better to adjust your withholding, and get the extra money each paycheck to pay off other debt.  Obviously, for those with no debt, their cost is minimal, perhaps 1%, but still better in your pocket for the year.  If you pay in this money every paycheck, only to feel good getting it back every March or April, while paying 18% card interest every month, that's your choice. And Stevej will support that decision, or so it seems.  EDIT - The Huffpost article Steve linked titled ""Big Tax Refunds Really Are Good"" ignores this debt, only focusing on the near zero rate banks offer now. The article listed 8 reasons the author felt this way. By the way, the author is the ""Chief Tax Officer, Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc"" which makes him a bit less than a disinterested third party. And all 8 of his reasons are far from compelling. ""In my opinion, getting a $3,000 check is never a bad thing."" This was #1, and by now you know why I disagree. Next, ""More than 75 percent of all individual taxpayers get refunds year after year. It has been this way for decades.... It is unlikely that 75 percent of all taxpayers are all making bad financial decisions every year."" That's enough. Rhetorical nonsense. Read the rest for yourself and decide if the next 6 reasons are any more compelling.  Keep in mind, sellers of tax software or services have backed themselves into a corner with the ""largest refund"" claims. I'm sympathetic to the fact that ""we'll shoot for no refund at all, in fact, our goal is for you to owe just $100"" will not be their next campaign.   EDIT 2 - I gave this more thought as I started to write a near 1000 word post on this topic. I came to find that 1 in 4 employees did not deposit enough in their 401(k) to capture the full match. This is the highest lost opportunity as the potential return is an instant 100% for matched deposits. Again, it's easy to dismiss the near zero bank rates, but that's not the alternative best use for the money."
"Do not store credit cards on your servers! You will get into HUGE trouble if they get stolen.  Instead, the whole credit card transaction should be done in a ""frame"" on a web that is handle by a credit card processor you chose. Once the transaction is finished, you get a code for the credit card number (masked credit card number) that no-one can convert back to a credit card number (except the processor).  When you need to charge more or give refund, you use that code to tell the processor what credit card to make the charges/credits to."
Maybe so, that doesn't mean every new person is like that.   I personally signed up to yelp to write a review.  A national grocery store chain I visited for the first time, and thought it would be a good objective experience to write.  I had a bad experience at the store, and described in detail the things why I felt that way.  I also sent it to the store themselves, but decided to put it on Yelp also.  I went back a few weeks later to see if anyone replied, and I see there is a new review there, saying how great the store was, while my review was gone.  This was months ago, maybe even more than a year.  I just went onto Yelp to see if they approved my review back, nope still hidden.  Ok, found the review in my own profile, I posted it on 6/28/2011.   I've read stories from businesses and consumers alike for years on how they swindle the reviews, and I also experienced it personally.  Why would i want to be a regular user when they behave like shit?  Fuck yelp.
"Have you thought about consulting your optometrist about a special pair of glasses for your nipples? I ask because it's pretty obvious you aren't getting a very clear view of things, and I bet custom frames are probably less work than pulling your head out of your ass when it's that far up there.  You may as well substitute ""alcohol"" for ""marijuana"" for everything you just said, because it's the somewhat more socially acceptable version of being so incredibly wrong."
Most soccer balls are made of blends of polyurethane, polyvinyl chloride, and common rubber or nylon. We provide the best soccer balls all branded companies in the world. At our website, you can search Best 10 soccer balls. We will provide all balls at an affordable price.The best and most expensive PU balls feel like leather and are very firm, durable and water-resistant. The PVC balls are also very durable but are not as soft and responsive as the PU-blend balls.
WHAT? That is just no true. I lived in Philadelphia, London and Brussels and I can tell you, the prices were almost double in Philly for groceries store. Even at Wallmart, I wont talk about Trader Joe, Whole Foods, acme...
Actually, with at least 95% confidence, they did not overlook any better qualified person for this job.  Because they did not even look for a qualified person.   She got the job because someone knows her or she knows someone.  Worse: any qualified Security person who worked for her would be demoralized by her lack of talent. So my guess is that the whole Security department at Equifax is full of people with little talent. She probably will get rid of anyone in the department who challenged her... like any real boss.
"Even if your employer decides not to include the HSA contributions in Box 12, the IRS will still be informed how much went into your HSA when the form 5498-SA gets filed. So you don't need to worry about the IRS; they'll get the information they want.  As for you, if you already know how much the ""employer contributions"" (both what the employer contributed and what you contributed through payroll deduction) were, and you know how much you contributed directly, then once you get your form 1099-SA you'll have all the information you need to complete your tax return."
I've found Pragmatic Capitalism very helpful.
As someone who worked for the federal government when they were hacked, and 23 million people had their ssn, private info, background checks, fingerprints and even secrets that someone could try to blackmail you for released. You guys are lucky, I can't make a new fingerprint for both hands and all fingers!  Yeah all of that information is likely in the hands of some hacker group or foreign government. Its shocking at first, but nothing has come of it so far in terms of actually ruining peoples lives (at least released to the public).
You need to look at the financial statements, talking to the executives, and have some sort of discussion about price.  Then you would have to do due-diligence to make sure that they are not hiding stuff.  Bear in mind, the company isn't going to go through all of this unless you can convince them that you have the means to complete the transaction.
What i saw in the ad is a promise to help people with phone addiction issues. But :   Do enough people want(consciously or subconsciously) help with this problem or they enjoy it? and does the phone really fulfills this promise ?  If the answers are positive , it would  be a good ad.
"Loads may be widespread but they are absolutely not an ""industry standard"".  Almost every major provider of mutual funds has ""no load"" funds. I'm sure your bank wants you to buy the funds with front loads, but they can't force you to buy those funds (unless you sign such a disclaimer when you open the account). What your bank can do is charge their own transaction fees for ""third-party"" funds, and those may end up being as much as or more than the funds' own loads. I don't know which bank you have, but many banks have their own mutual funds that have no loads or other transaction fees.  Essentially you can rearrange your portfolio however you want (within reason) at no cost as long as you buy and sell their funds exclusively.  But of course every bank is different, and in many cases those funds will perform poorly compared to investment companies like Vanguard.  Of course every mutual fund must report its performance so you can always check that yourself. If your bank refuses to let you buy any no-load mutual funds (even ones that they run themselves) and/or wants to charge you steep transaction fees in order to discourage buying them, then may I suggest a different bank? FYI, mutual funds generally ""make their money"" on management fees.  If a fund advertises a load but a particularly low management fee, it may actually be worth buying compared to another fund with no load and a high management fee, if you don't expect to be buying and selling frequently.  On the other hand, if a fund has a high management fee and a high load, it's probably garbage."
With your experience, I think you'd agree that trading over a standardized, regulated exchange is much more practical with the amount of capital you plan to trade with. That said, I'd highly advise you to consider FX futures at CME, cause spot forex at the bucket shops will give you a ton of avoidable operational risks.
"Not just executives, there's going to be giant finance, HR, etc functions for these chains. There's also a massive advertisement budget to pay for (remember, every time you see an ad for something, it's priced into that product). Finally, chains are frequently ""victims"" of leveraged buyouts/takeovers and thus have a metric fuckton of debt to pay off."
"GSElevator is part fraud, part satirist and has never worked at Goldman. None of the ""quotes"" used in his article were ever said by anyone. His pieces are sometimes good for a laugh but if you're taking this article as actual advice you clearly do not work in the industry.   I stopped paying attention as soon as he recommended analysts wear $700 shoes ..."
"I have a quick question about statement of cash flows and how Account Receivable (Net) and Prepaids affect it (I've already asked the accounting subreddit but was wondering if anyone who does fundamental analysis etc would have a take on it).   It stems from a homework problem where I have to reconstruct a cash flow statement using two comparative balance sheets (end of period 2013 and end of period 2014) and a change in retained earnings statement.  The following transaction took place in 2014   ""The firm wrote off accounts receivable as uncollectible totaling $16,300 in 2013 and $18,500 in 2014. It recognized expired insurance of $4,100 in 2013 and $3,900 in 2014.""  My understanding is that the write offs have already been subtracted in order to yield Account Receivable (Net) and therefore I can just take the change in that account and make the appropriate entry.  For the recognition of expired insurance I can simply take the change in the Prepayment account and record the appropriate cash flow entry.  Am I correct in assuming this? Or did they give me those amounts in order to figure out Accounts Receivable (Gross) and take the change in that?"
There are no immediate tax-related benefits to putting money into a Roth IRA. You are investing after-tax money in the hope that the rules won't change and you'll be able to take out the money tax-free when you retire. Under current rules, you can take out your contributions at any time without penalties or taxes. You can't take out earnings without penalties until you retire. You said you don't have any debt (great!). So if you have cash that you don't have other uses for, and you don't mind possibly tying it up for a long time, you can put money into a Roth IRA. I'd argue that if you have, say, $25-50/month to put into long term savings, it's a good habit to start. When you move into a job that gives you more disposable income, you can increase this amount. The earlier you start, the lower the monthly amount you'll need to contribute towards a comfortable retirement. Once you get started putting a little bit away, you'll never miss it.
&gt; I don't agree we can assume a government will be the solution...  I am totally open to something else but see no other options.  Corporate America has sold the American people on the idea that empowering them is to our benefit so there will be no popular uprising.
I believe your question is based on a false premise. First, no broker, that I know of, provides an RRSP account that is a margin account. RRSP accounts follow cash settlement rules.  If you don't have the cash available, you can't buy a stock.  You can't borrow money from your broker within your RRSP. If you want to borrow money to invest in your RRSP, you must borrow outside from another source, and make a contribution to your RRSP.  And, if you do this, the loan interest is not considered tax deductible. In order for investment loan interest to be tax deductible, you'd need to invest outside of a registered type of account, e.g. using a regular non-tax-sheltered account. Even then, what you can deduct may be limited. Refer to CRA - Line 221 - Carrying charges and interest expenses: You can claim the following carrying charges and interest [...] [...]   You cannot deduct on line 221 any of the following amounts:
GET A LAWYER. Doing business with relatives is business first, and some effort spent in setting things up and nailing down exactly what the financial relationships and obligations are beforehand can save a lot of agony and animosity later. Assuming it's a legal rental, you may be able to deduct business costs spent on maintaining the rental unit, but of course you will have to declare the rent as income. If it's just a bedroom suite, rather than a full legal apartment, I don't think you can claim it as rental. (Note that whether you decide to share cooking and such is a separate question; apartment in most areas requires its own kitchen and bathroom.) As Joe pointed out, the actual purchase also sounds like it's going to involve a large gift, which has its own tax implications. Either that, or they retain ownership of their share and you get to deal with that if you or they decide to sell.  Again: GET A LAWYER. And a tax accountant or tax lawyer to advise you on those implications. This is not someplace where the average wisdom of the Internet should be relied upon except for generalities; local laws and contract details matter.
From Dimson, Elroy, Paul Marsh, and Mike Staunton. Triumph of the Optimists: 101 Years of Global Investment Returns. Princeton, N.J: Princeton University Press, 2002: Disappointingly, the small firm effect has not proved the road to   great riches since soon after its discovery, the US size premium went   into reverse. This was repeated in the United Kingdom and virtually   all other markets around the world. Despite their disappointing performance in recent years, the very   long-run record of small-caps remains one of outperformance in both   the United States and the United Kingdom. Furthermore, mid- and   small-size companies are still an important asset class. Their   differential performance over long periods of history shows that there   is useful scope for investors to reduce risk by diversifying across   the “large” and the “small” capitalization sectors of the market.   Furthermore, given the pervasiveness of the size effect across the   entire size spectrum, it is important to all investors since the   size tilt of any portfolio will strongly influence its short- and   long-run performance. This holds true whether there is a size premium   or a size discount. The size effect has certainly proved persistent   and robust. What is at issue is whether we should continue to expect a   size premium over the longer haul. And accompanying charts:    And one chart from BlackRock:
"&gt;What's the difference between inheritance and being born with money?  Just because someone is born into a rich family, does NOT necessarily mean they will inherit the wealth.  Many things can happen along the way between their birth and potential inheritance, everything from the family elders blowing the money, or making bad investments, to divorces/lawsuits, elders being pissed and just disinheriting their heirs, etc.  And then of course, just because one reached the point of inheritance, does not guarantee that the money will last.  Plenty of ""spoiled rich kids"" end up being impoverished by the end of their life."
I don't want to argue any, either, I'll just reiterate what I was originally trying to get at:   Your boss/owner/manager is dependant on you creating enough value to pay their paycheck as well.  Managers do not directly create value for the company.  They might bring in deals, they might 'know' someone, etc.  but in the end, workers make the product.  If a worker leaves, they'll just have to get another one, or that value ceases.  Taken to the extreme, they'd be a company of bosses &amp; managers, and no work at all being done.  (but plenty of TPS reports done with the correct cover sheets.)
You can take a out loan against your 401k, which means you won't be penalized for the withdrawal. You will have to pay that amount back though, but it can help since the interest will be lower than a lot of credit card rates. You could refinance your home if you can get a reasonable interest rate. You could also get a 0% APR balance transfer credit card and transfer the balance and pay it off that way. There are a lot of options. I would  contact a Credit Counselor and explore further options. The main objective is to get you out of debt, not put you more in debt - whether that is refinancing your mortgage, cashing in an annuity, etc.
Herd immunity is just another bullshit soundbite from Big Pharma marketing trying to scare you into legislating a massive increase in their market share.  If you are vaccinated, you are immune... unless your vaccines are crap. This is why we sent kids to play with the kids with chickenpox--to acquire immunity. And why kids (and adults) who already had chickenpox don't fear catching it again.
Do you eat out much or go to coffee shops?  I add portions of my excess spare change to the tips/tip jars.  I make it a bit over the usual percentage to make up for the fact that it's, well, spare change...
"&gt;There was a good quote in the article about how Google, Apple and Amazon combined employ fewer than 1/3 the people that GM did in 1980.  Yeah, that was from [the Economist](http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2011/10/death-steve-jobs?page=1)  First, that is only a total of their DIRECT employees (numbers from Wikipedia on each company):  * Amazon = 33,700 * Apple = 60,400 * Facebook = 3,000 * Google = 31,353  So, that is NOT including *indirect* employees, including any and all subcontractors... to wit:  * Amazon -- sells lots of stuff, but lets just think of the BOOKS alone: there are LOTS of authors, publishers, printing industry people, etc -- who are NOT direct employees of Amazon, nor even indirect ""contract""  employees; but whom Amazon's business model has doubtless helped to increase TOTAL sales of their products. (And then of course, there are all of the Amazon ""affiliates"".)  * Apple -- sells stuff, but basically no longer manufactures anything at all (so comparing it to GM would only be valid if one looked ONLY at GM's engineering and sales personnel, and ignored it's manufacturing people, or if GM had likewise ""subcontracted"" all of its manufacturing to say Toyota); just about everything that Apple sells is made by subcontract overseas manufacturers -- like FoxConn (which employed over 900,000 people in China in 2010); and of course that is NOT including the component manufacturers.  And of course, this is also ignoring the entire software industry that has built up around Apple's products (Mac and iApp developers).  * Facebook &amp; Google -- likewise, there are a lot of ""indirect"" non-employees who nonetheless are in many senses laboring for these companies AND be compensated by them (whether App developers, affiliates, etc).  **I find it VERY notable that *theEconomist* entirely ignored firms like MicroSoft (92,000+ direct employees) and dozens &amp; even hundreds of others software companies like Adobe Systems (9,000+), etc -- not to mention countless thousands of consulting companies.**  At it's absolute PEAK employment in 1970, GM had a little under 400,000 employees.  If you add in Microsoft, Adobe, and a handful of CAD software companies, then ""high tech"" employs at least that number. Add in the (domestic) sub-contract employees, the consultants, affiliates, and on... and they employ far MORE people (even domestically) than not only GM, but GM + Ford + Chrysler combined.  Add in the worldwide employment, and there is no comparison at all.\*  And even then, all of it is beside the point.  Yes, you cannot ""eat"" software or an iPod... but likewise you cannot ""eat"" a car.  What is chiefly critical is whether a nation can FEED itself, and the US production of foodstuffs has never been higher, nor -- on a long term comparison basis -- have food or energy costs ever been lower (even with all of the disastrous effects of monetary inflation).  \*What the US's current problem is, is DOMESTIC employment -- and that is mainly a result of various TRADE, MONETARY and TAXATION policies -- it certainly isn't the direct fault of private industry (and definitely not the fault of ""technology"").  I mean good god, how many times does the Luddite meme need to be proven false."
Consider the price history to be the sum of short term movements and long term movements. If you hold a stock for a long time you will benefit (or lose) from its long term movement.  If a sufficiently large and very good short term trader existed he would tend to reduce short term volatility, eventually to nearly zero. At that point, the price would rise gently over the course of the day in line with the long term variation in price. Presumably robot traders will increase the time horizon of their trades when they have exhausted the gains they can make from short term trades.
Disvestment activities tend to be misguided. In doing so, a fund/individual is not really taking money away from the companies in question (assuming they're not doing secondary offerings), and 'disvestment' doesn't imply that you're going to be using their products less (or boycotting them entirely), which would actually impact their financials. And in a convoluted way, disvestment could actually trigger further consolidation among coal companies, since it makes them cheaper and thus easier takeover targets.   Funds that have the ability to do so should make 2nd &amp; 3rd round VC investments in clean energy startups. It's been awfully difficult for clean energy startups to raise money lately, and funding those startups would have a lot more impact.
As a parent with a 4 yr old, it's not my reason. I want him to build something with his hands. Spend $50 on a Lego kit and what do you get? A tiny set of very specific parts for one build. Or I can spend that money on some other construction toy for half the price (blocks, Lincoln logs, train set) and you have similar enjoyment.
I recommend an online savings account.   The money is more liquid without early withdrawal fees and frequently you can get a visa/mastercard check card to access the funds. Looking at interest rates, ING is currently paying 1.10% and bankrate reports the best interest rate in the country on a 1 year CD is 1.33%.   The .23% difference is not enough to convince me to invest in CDs at a fixed rate vs. an online savings account at a variable rate when we are at (or near) the bottom of CD/savings interest rates.
"First, don't try to understand other people's finances. Family or a trust could provide the minimum down payment, or even large chunk of the price, leaving them with a small/manageable monthly mortgage.  More importantly, HGTV home buying shows are fake. Buyers don't actually buy, other people touring are just locals/ friends, and the entire plot is literally a written script.   Source: My best friend had 3 of his listings on one of the shows as the house options, and our friends were the ""other buyers"" on the tour."
From an investor's standpoint, if the value of crude oil increases, economies that are oil dependent become more favourable (oil companies will be more profitable).  Therefore, investors will find that country's currency more attractive in the foreign exchange market.
You should use the Gordon Growth model, but you are using the wrong rate.  required return = rf + market premium x Beta  rm = 0,12, premium = 0,08 --&gt; rf = 0,04 thus rr = 0.04 + 0.08 * 1.5 = 0.16  then you get $15/(0.16-0.05) = $136,36
It depends on the currency pair since it is much harder to move a liquid market like Fiber (EURUSD) or Cable (GBPUSD) than it is to move illiquid markets such as USDTRY, however, it will mostly be big banks and big hedge funds adjusting their positions or speculating (not just on the currency or market making but also speculating in foreign instruments). I once was involved in a one-off USD 56 million FX trade without which the hedge fund could not trade as its subscriptions were in a different currency to the fund currency. Although it was big by their standards it was small compared with the volumes we expected from other clients.  Governments and big companies who need to pay costs in a foreign currency or receive income in one will also do this but less frequently and will almost always do this through a nominated bank (in the case of large firms).  Because they need the foreign currency immediately; if you've ever tried to pay a bill in the US denominated in Dollars using Euros you'll know that they aren't widely accepted. So if I need to pay a large bill to a supplier in Dollars and all I have is Euros I may move the market. Similarly if I am trying to buy a large number of shares in a US company and all I have is Euros I'll lose the opportunity.
Call them back and insist on speaking only with a supervisor and politely ask for their License Number and NAIC Number. When asked why reply that you are going to contact your state's insurance division and find out what recourse, if any, you might have. Merely asking for the numbers will let them know that you intend to escalate this matter; chances are that yet another supervisor will be required to rectify this situation. Companies DO NOT empower the initial representatives to resolve serious issues. It can be a tortuous path to a resolution but you must persevere. It is difficult to remove yourself and be objective but your anger will defeat you. Your agent should be on your side.
Both Amazon and Ebay do this, raise the bar significantly over time to weed out crap sellers that are all competing on the same products. So instead of 10 sellers on a product, you have 5 with the highest ratings possible.
im in no position to guess what would happen. rather than sitting in any particular sub,  i just usually keep hitting refresh on /r/all/new and see what catches my eye..   or in this case.. what doesnt.. :)  i cant see it being phased out tomorrow though, or anytime in the near future, as far as economics of it all go, its my guess its all manipulated by the mega wealthy anyway..   we are all stuffed regardless..    i know theres a lot of oil in the ME that the west wants.. thats why we have wars..  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfEBupAeo4 if there was an alternative to oil, so long as we all had ~~free~~ access to it, id think there would be no need for war, and instead of the global budget spent on militaries,, we could use it to feed the hungry, shelter the homeless.. i think we would all prosper :)
Yup. I scrutinize the income statement I receive from my employer every year. What I make vs what the company actually invests in me as an employee is really astounding. Beyond my hourly wage, the company pays for my health insurance premium (all but $10/check), and pays for a medical flex-spending account. On top of this (I know this isn't taxes but it's still an expense and government sanctioned) if I do some dumbass thing to get myself hurt at work, they'd pay all medical bills since it happened on their property.   We recently had a bit of a wake-up call this summer, as the board of directors warned everyone that the current medical plan our company provides to us is not sustainable, and will have to undergo changes (we're going to either start paying for our premiums, decrease our flex accounts, or charge smokers additional fees) beginning Jan 1st. Lots of people are complaining about this. I don't think they're aware of the horde of expenses and fees that the company swallows for them in other ways.  There's property taxes, business income taxes, excise taxes, customs/duty taxes, state taxes... along with meeting the restrictions and standards of certain governmental agencies (like OSHA). I don't know how a small business owner could ever maintain control over all of this financial mess and be able to help their customers or other employees.   There's OSHA, a profit-seeking (through citations) business now, instead of a partner and ally to businesses. A typical 'violation' is $70K, and a 'repeat' violation is $140K. Imagine running a small grocery store, and having to pay this fine because you accidentally had a piece of styrofoam lying on top of a cooler not built to withstand overhead weight. Or because someone wasn't wearing safety shoes in the store. You'd simply go out of business.
Better solution would be petitioning the bands to play the venues that don't run through ticketmaster, but that doesn't work for any bands with a remotely large following. Not buying the tickets isn't going to do anything, especially with sold out shows (someone else will grab your ticket).
Notes and Bonds sell at par (1.0). When rates go up, their value goes down. When rates go down, their value goes up. As an individual investor, you really don't have any business buying individual bonds unless you are holding them to maturity. Buy a short-duration bond fund or ETF.
From your own cite:  &gt; Sales were offset by China increasing its holdings   But it's an article from March.  From the same source, but in June:  &gt; [Global investors have piled into US government bonds this year, drawn by the allure of high yields.](http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/6907c2a0-f24a-11e3-ac7a-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3AlhYHl8A)  &gt; At a time when the Federal Reserve has steadily reduced bond purchases since January and announced a further reduction at Wednesday’s policy meeting, foreign buyers have effectively stepped up, followed by domestic banks.
His company bought and sold businesses. The businesses themselves were the product. Of course they were speculating. Every single business speculates on the demand of their product. It is different from a typical store, but its still business.    Private equity and the business of flipping, stripping and sometimes holding businesses isn't new or unique to Mr. Romney. Its not easy, like this article tries to portray, and IMO takes a greater business person to run and be successful in than a typical business. Experience: I worked for a private equity group for a short period of time during the boom. It was scary and extremely stressful. There are games, cronyism, and inside information like there is in any business. Bigger scale with many jobs at stake and huge gains and losses? Yes. But simple and not business? No way.   I don't like Romney or Obama. I like an honest candidate, so I don't really like any of them. Ever.
Why not personal responsibility? Get paid *then* provide the service. It's what small business owners do every day without the help of government or the protection of a large corporation. Individuals comply with safety regulations to protect themselves. If you need a corporation to do it for you, expect to make less. If you can do it yourself, expect to make more as an entrepreneur.
not really, just coming up with shit to say, i like to maintain a bit of the thread one way or another and it was all too easy there.   If being cyclical or recursive keeps it going then off we go!
As others have already pointed out, the bank isn't getting your money upfront - the cash goes to the dealer and the bank will be financing you a much smaller amount. They really don't have any incentive to give you a better interest rate, but it never hurts to ask. The more important (and unasked) question is should you do this? Keeping in mind that a loan with good credit could be in the 1.8% range. Average long-term returns in the market are over 3x that, so by paying upfront you're trading the opportunity for 6%+ returns for the ability to save -2% fees.
"I think the closest you can come is to buy health insurance, which had the company's bet on trends in healthcare costs already built into it. But as you've posed the question, I agree that the answer is ""no"" -- at best you might find someone willing to give you short odds that the rate increases over 20% or long odds that it doesn't go up at all, or something of that sort... and that isn't a bet the markets are designed to handle."
I agree with you for the most part, but banks need *some* way of comparing the relative risk of various loan applicants; forcing them to use TweedleDee over TweedleDum is really failing to see the forest for the trees.   Equifax is *not* the problem here.  The fact that that entire *industry* is allowed to exist without our explicit permission, *is* the problem.
Dear Iran, what our Moron in Chief is trying to tell you is that you need to get a nuclear weapon as soon as possible.  The Jews are never going to to shut the fuck up, they will keep on and on and on until they some how manage to cause a war and then our Fearless Moron will not be able to protect you.  As it is the Jews have forced the US to pull out of the UN, they control the US government, they control the US economy, they even control the Royal Retards Daughter, so there is only so much he can do, and this is his final warning  Protect yourself, eventually, the Jews will deliver some fake evidence or story, just like in Iraq and the poor Goy US army will have no choice but to attack you, Unless you have a   #BIG BAD NUKE POINTED AT ISRAEL  that will shut them the fuck up
This is a letter by a mother two her loving twin daughter. At the age of 3 her father was died and in this letter her mother shows a book of letter in which her dad’s family, friends and co-worker share their stories about him. Now her twins are 16 year old, she tells about her stepfather who is as loveable as her father.
It's not fucking rocket science. You cut taxes at the high income brackets, and it helps people in higher income bracket. Is this what counts for journalism these days?  I wish I could get my time back for reading this article.
Good on him.  From time to time I hire (project-based) programmers, writers, designers - and nobody works for free for me, never has and never will.  I don't work for free, either. Where do these people come from, the US antebellum South?  The thing here is that he didn't cop a 'tude right away, he gave the other the benefit of the doubt, and still acted gracefully even when the other got abusive.  10/10 would hire.  Seriously.
Is this an unusual amount to pay for refinancing a home loan? Yes, I would say it seems pretty high.  Although credit unions usually have pretty good deals, I would shop around a bit. Is refinancing not worth it if you might move in the next year or two? Totally not worth it if you'll be moving in a year or two.  You need to think realistically about what you could sell your house for though.  If you bought it 4 years ago, it's likely gone down in value significantly (depending on your locale).  Are you prepared to take a significant loss to sell?  If not, you might be forced to stick it out for 3-5 years or more.
Australian Goods and Services Tax is charged on the sale amount. Whatever internal accounting you do before billing the customer is of no interest to the Australian Tax Office.
Sounds like you are drowning in debt. Why not just stop paying? It will ruin your credit, but eventually you might be able to settle for much less than you owe and a reasonable interest rate. You will then have a long road to recover you credit, but IMHO this road is much longer and stressful. Hey, you are paying a high interest rate because you are EXPECTED to default. If you were expected to pay back your rates would be lower!
Systems to research that may help you out: Less Accounting and Wave are great because they can import data from banks / credit cards. I know you said your bank doesn't export it but it seems like something as a small business you would want.
But an AI is likely to have fewer resource limitations, because it won't have to evolve and exist as an African primate, we built it. Our intelligence also evolved to best deal with reality as we experience as physical, organic beings throwing spears at one another, something else an AI wouldn't be limited by.
**[Craig Morganson](http://www.askcraigmorganson.com/)** says, the probability is, throughout your life, you’ve sat down at a piano or keyboard and plinked your way around it, musing on how you wished you’d taken the moment to master how to play. You might be unclear by the noticeable differences among keyboards and pianos, and in reality they usually are off putting to rookie players.
There are tax strategies you could take advantage of if you own the property. Find local real estate investors that like 'buy and hold'. Additional strategy is to buy a property and sell it with owner financing (you use a Residential Mortgage Loan Officer to facilitate.) What is great is you can get a great % real return on your money without being a landlord.
Its also going to allow for Russian businesses to grow in to fill certain spaces left vacant by the NATO commerce which could make up for the hit they will take from The US EU sanctions. Hes protecting the economy at the cost of a little comfort.
Such funds are handed over to the state. In NE, like in many states, there is a government website where you can search by your name, find them, and claim them (with proof of your identity, etc.): https://treasurer.nebraska.gov/up/ For sure, the bank cannot just take the money. It is sitting somewhere, the bank just closed the account, meaning they are technically not managing your money anymore.
Most drugs addicted will begin the process of determining which program is best for their needs by deciding addiction treatment. If you are looking Drug and alcohol detox programs in Florida. The World Recovery Centers provide the best recovery program. An individual will develop the problem, and zero family history of addiction does not guarantee that someone will not develop an addiction to have attempted addiction treatment in the past, to struggle with suicidal thoughts or behaviors.
I interned at GS last summer and I am returning fulltime after graduation. In my experience and those I've encountered, it is very much dependent on where, front vs back, in the bank you work. Most software development jobs at GS seem to be 9-5. If you write software in front-office parts of the bank like trading, though, hours generally get worse (but pay is better!).
So hopefully you are not spending the money before you make it.  If you are, you are asking for trouble.  If not the solution is easy. If you use a spreadsheet for tracking have a item in your checking account running total that is simply CC to pay.   Lets say you just got paid, and your balance is like this: You can then do virtual withdrawals for each category In this case you have 70 left to spend.  Whoops the car gets a flat which costs you 5 that you put on the card and you also pay your rent by CC.  Then your spreadsheet should look like this: You still have the 70 left to spend, and when the CC bill comes due you are free to write the check.
Hey, I'm also a software engineer in Cleveland. There's actually tons to do, but it sounds like you just don't know anyone in your age range/not married. Check out the east bank flats or w 25th in Ohio city. If the bar scene isn't your thing there are still tons of other options so long as you have some type of hobby or activity you like to do for fun.
"Since all the other answers thus far seem to downplay the risk (likelihood) of the money being seized, I figure I may as well make my comment an answer. Unless you happen to have your legal team travelling with you and your suitcase of cash, you should expect that you'll be questioned extensively, so that any sign of nervousness, inconsistency in your answers or anything you say that doesn't ""make sense"" to the officer will be used as an excuse to seize your money, and you'll learn an expensive lesson in civil asset forfeiture. The government will file a complaint against your money, leading to a ridiculously named case, such as United States v. $124,700 in U.S. Currency. Worth noting that while the outcome in this case was not in the government's favor, in the vast majority of cases, the government keeps the cash. Between 9/11 and 2014, U.S police forces have seized over 2.5 billion dollars in cash without search warrants or indictments and returned the money in less than 10% of cases.  That last link is kind of a long read, but contains cases where people with completely legitimate money and documentation for their money had it seized anyway, and were only able to recover it after months or years in court."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://money.cnn.com/2017/10/04/news/economy/india-economy-modi-slowdown/index.html) reduced by 92%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Prime Minister Narendra Modi swept into power in 2014, promising to take India&amp;#039;s economy to new heights.  &gt; India is still reeling from two shocks within 12 months - Modi&amp;#039;s sudden ban last November of 86% of the country&amp;#039;s cash, and a sweeping overhaul of the tax system aimed at turning the country&amp;#039;s 29 states into a single market.  &gt; India&amp;#039;s Supreme Court dealt the economy another blow in April, banning the sale of alcohol within 500 meters of national highways.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/74g10i/india_what_happened_to_modis_promise_of_an/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~222577 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **India**^#1 **economy**^#2 **Modi**^#3 **Growth**^#4 **reform**^#5"
&gt; Ohh hahah I was thinking we'd do like a stock options situation if this goes big.  Oh, I was thinking we'd do like a data entry situation if this goes big. You send me $50 and a CSV file every time you want to do anything with the program, and I'll do it.  &gt; Or you could just do it for exposure?  Cool, good deal. I'll send you some screenshots of the GUI so you can work them into your pitch deck or w/e. When you decide you want the actual program, you can pay me.
Make sure you have a budget, there is a pretty cool budget tracker that you can download here (it works in excel and is easy to use).  The important thing is to not only make a budget but also keep in touch and track your budget, some free ebooks and other investment ebooks too.  Just start with the budget tracker: http://www.futureassist.com.au/young-to-mid-life Focus on paying off debt first Next look at ETF's (Exchange Traded Funds) as a possible investment option - this is an Australian Government Website but ETF's all work in the same way:  https://www.moneysmart.gov.au/investing/managed-funds/exchange-traded-funds-etfs
[it was 15 to 1 before the SEC decided that big banks needed to be able to risk more.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_capital_rule)  it also started teh distrust between banks. With 15 to 1 you were pretty sure that another bank you were dealing with was leveraged exactly 15 to 1. WHen he removed that requirement, then banks had a much harder time judging the health of other banks they were dealing with.   you just didnt know if they were 20 to 1 or 30 to 1 or higher, without going through all their books.  This was one of the main reasons the recession was so large in scope. Housing would have exploded eventually, but without the leverage regulations they were able to make it hurt far far far far far far worse.. several times worse.
Either way, letting these humongous institutions fail would have undoubtedly produced a worse result (best case scenario complete credit freeze, i.e no mre credit cards.  Worst case scenario, even the most financially sound banks fail as part of a financial domino effect and we're back to trading deer skin for beaver pelts).  The best way to prevent these kinds of situations is to never get in them in the first place.  Placing graduated capital constraints on larger and larger financial institutions (i.e.  the larger your balance sheet, the greater the percentage of capital you must retain to offset risk) is the best way to protect against financial collapse.  This way competitive market forces would remain intact, while simoutaneosly reducing risk.  Basel 3 addresses some of these issues, but I speculate more will need to be done to prevent another collapse from happening in  the future.
"Will it be more money for me now if I don't take it out? Yes Will it be more money for for my retirement if I do? Yes The difference will be the existence of a match and tax-deferral.  If there is a match then you will have an instant 100% gain on the amount that is matched. From a tax standpoint, putting some in your 401(k) now will reduce your taxes this year - you will instead pay tax when you withdraw the money at retirement (the withdrawal will be considered ""income"" at that time). Other decision points: If there is no match, but you still want to add to retirement savings, then you could alternatively put the money in an IRA, which will give you more control over your investments than a 401(k) (which could be good or bad, depending on how investment savvy you are)."
If the money awarded is sufficient to cover the cost of supporting their software, then you can at the time of entering the contract make a pledge of the money.   However if you need to prove that you have sufficient funds otherwise, you need to ask the organizers what they need, typically a Bank Statement showing the funds may be sufficient in the easiest possible condition, on the other extreme you may need to open an escrow account and deposit the money as safe keeping with the Bank and then produce that letter ... Depending on the country and Bank, certain Banks allow different passowrds for transactions and different for querying, so you can share the query password ...
Putting extra people on their planes is a very low cost for them - basically just a few bucks for extra fuel they'll burn to move another 180 lb human through the air.  To help seal multi-million-dollar deals, it's fine.
"I hate when people say this type of thing. Someone spending $20k on an event is using their residual income, and can most definitely also afford to go on vacations. It's like saying ""I'd never buy a Lamborghini, I'd buy a house instead"". That's nice wishful thinking, but the dude getting a Lambo isn't going to have an issue having a house."
"Currencies such as the dollar, the Euro, and most others are no longer tied to gold in any way. They are just paper that is worth what it's worth because everyone agrees to accept it.  Previously, currencies used to be commonly tied to gold reserves, and could theoretically be ""cashed in"" for gold, although not usually as much as the currency denomination (i.e., gold on the open market tended to sell for higher prices than what the government would give you for it)."
You need the Present Value, not Future Value formula for this. The loan amount or 1000 is paid/received now (not in the future). The formula is $ PMT = PV (r/n)(1+r/n)^{nt} / [(1+r/n)^{nt} - 1] $  See for example http://www.calculatorsoup.com/calculators/financial/loan-calculator.php With PV = 1000, r=0.07, n=12, t=3 we get PMT = 30.877 per month
"Illusions of transparency. Mitigation of risk. Emotion. The system.  Short answer per sdg's post - it's the law. Long answer which I wont get into - it's a philosophical stance. It makes people feel better. It encourages a sense of ""the system really does work."""
Also VW has more brands, i.e. is more diversified This isn't necessarily a good thing for investing.  It makes the company less likely to go down, but it limits your portfolio.  For example, say you think that Hyundai is a good alternative to Volkswagen (VW) but really like Audi.  If you buy VW, you get some Audi but a lot more of the rest of VW.  Then if you bought Hyundai, you'd be overrepresented in that segment of the market.   Audi may not be structured uniquely, but it is still the only company selling Audi brand cars.  Perhaps someone thinks that those models will do well.  That person may think that Audi will do exceptionally well in its niche.   Having many brands isn't necessarily great.  General Motors had something like sixteen brands before declaring bankruptcy.  It only has twelve now.   Now, it sounds like you feel the opposite about it.  You don't particularly like Audi as a stock and like VW better.  Your reasons sound perfectly reasonable (I know little about either company).  It may even be that VW is the only one buying Audi stock, because everyone else has the same view as you.
Use the Black-Scholes formula. If you know the current price, an options strike price, time until expiration, and risk-free interest rate, then knowing the market price of the option will tell you what the market's estimation of the volatility is. This does rely on a few assumptions, such as Gaussian random walk, but those are reasonable assumptions for most stocks. You can also get a list of past stock prices, put them in Excel, and ask Excel to calculate the standard deviation with stdev.s(), but that gives you the past volatility. The market's estimate of future volatility is more relevant.
Have to say, every once in awhile when I'm going to Google maps and I'm in a conversation about it, I say I'm going to mapquest it. They aren't necessarily synonymous with that, but it'd sort of ingrained in me after being born in the 80s and then growing up with that as being my main option in my teens.
That's really not something that can be answered based on the information provided. There are a lot of factors involved: type of income, your wife's tax bracket, the split between Federal and State (if you're in a high bracket in a high income-tax rate State - it may even be more than 50%), etc etc. The fact that your wife didn't withdraw the money is irrelevant. S-Corp is a pass-through entity, i.e.: owners are taxed on the profits based on their personal marginal tax rates, and it doesn't matter what they did with the money. In this case, your wife re-invested it into the corp (used it to pay off corp debts), which adds back to her basis. You really should talk to a tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State) to learn how S-Corps work and how to use them properly. Your wife, actually, as she's the owner.
Thank you for your feedback, I'd asked her all week about communicating to me a date of returning to work but at this point its costing me time and productivity. I cannot not help but feel I am being taken advantage of (because she knows she is killing it). I sent a message letting her know I'm seeking temp help and that if anything opens up in the future I will contact her. Currently on hold with local temp agency. Wanted to be concerned about being considerate but she is 10 years older than I and I couldn't ever image my boyfriend leaving as a reason for me missing a single day of work. Glad to be reassured I wasnt being insensitive.
See the Mortgage Professor's calculators (#3). Go to bankrate and look up rates so you know what to punch in to those calculators.
This is really shallow analysis.  Just because revenues are up does not mean the market is healthy.  This might indicate that a market dominating participant such as Amazon is causing prices to be aggressively driven up.  The real issue isn't so much quaint dead tree versions facing off against e-books, but who is getting the money from this trade which is getting locked down to various shiny devices.
The shareholders have a claim on the profits, but they may prefer that claim to be exercised in ways other than dividend payments. For example, they may want the company to invest all of its profits in growth, or they may want it to buy back shares to increase the value of the remaining shares, especially since dividends are generally taxed as income while an increase in the share price is generally taxed as a capital gain, and capital gains are often taxed at a lower rate than income.
The basic idea behind a derivative is very simple actually.  It is a contract where the final value depends on (is derived from) the value of something else.  Stock, for instance, is not a derivative because the contract itself is actually ownership of part of a company.  Whereas car insurance is a derivative because the payout depends on the value of something else namely your (and other peoples') cars. The problem with such a simple definition is that it covers such a broad class.  It covers simple contracts like Futures where the end value just depends on the price of something on a future date.  But it extends to contracts complicated enough that people in finance call them Exotics. Derivatives are broadly used for two things reducing risk (sometimes called insurance) and speculation.  A farmer can use derivatives to make sure she gets paid a certain amount for her corn.  A banker can group a bunch of loans together and sell slices to reduce the pain of a particular loan failing.  At the same time people can use the same instruments to speculate on the price of (for example) that corn or those loans and the main advantage is that they don't have to buy the corn or loans directly.  Any farmer will tell you corn can be very expensive to store. Derivatives generally cause problems both individually and sometimes world wide when people don't properly understand the risks involved.  The most famous example being Mortgage-backed Securities and the recent Great Recession.  You can start understand the instruments and their risks by this wonderful Wikipedia article and later perhaps a used collection of CFA books which cover derivatives in great detail. Edit: Michael Grünewald mentioned Hull's text on derivatives a wonderful middle ground between Wikipedia and the CFA books that I can't believe I didn't think about myself.
"you make many assumptions, they are incorrect.  our viewpoints regarding politics are probably pretty similar.  you'd know that if you looked at my post history.    everyone's post history is totally public!  it helps us understand who we're talking to.  it provides context.  it speaks to your validity and intentions.  if you regard it as ""peeping"" then you don't understand reddit.  speaking as someone who has been here a long time.  this sub is for *investors*.  people don't understand why you're not posting in a more relevant sub"
&gt; Come on, Germany!  Look at history and start understanding that you’d be far better off looking eastwards, reaching intelligent agreements with raw-materials-rich Russian, than with just dragging as dead-weight “Old Europe” and its increasingly decadent and misgoverned American controllers.
&gt;These people are being held below a  livable standard by otherwise failed business models.  Please explain who is being held down in this situation.  An employment agreement is voluntary.  Wages are set by supply and demand.  &gt;This country has the most profitable businesses in the world.  Those jobs will be replaced, and those people will be better off. That is how markets work.  So you want to violently intervene and kill off the livelihoods of people because they voluntarily work for a business you deem too unprofitable to exist?  The jobs will be replaced by machines and the people whose jobs you killed now live 100% on the dole, likely forever.  Most of the people affected will be minorities.  I can't imagine a more heinous and racist act of economic violence.  &gt;Individuals who would rather see people toil endlessly for terrible businesses kept on life support by poor economic policy are the ones who should be ashamed.  Individuals who would rather see perfectly able bodied people 100% on the dole rather than providing for themselves should be ashamed.  Seriously, fuck you and fuck your violent and racist policies.
You only have to own it for a day (or rather for some amount of time before the close of trading the day before the ex-dividend date).  This is governed by exchange rules based on the date of record and payable date set by the company.  You might want to look at this article or this one for more details. It should be difficult to make money from changes due to the dividend distribution since it is well known and expected.  The exchanges have established rules for handling the various details that can come up, and traders account for the change where appropriate (as in option pricing).  Also, note that the favorable U.S. tax treatment of dividends requires a 60-day ownership period for the stock.
"Not sure what your needs are or what NIS is:  However here in the US a good choice for a single fund are ""Life Cycle Funds"". Here is a description from MS Money: http://www.msmoney.com/mm/investing/articles/life_cyclefunds.htm"
Well, like I said, there's a big difference between working level bean counters who aren't allowed to think, and management bean counters who can use their brains. Process for process sake isn't a good thing in ANY profession.   Maybe that's the difference. Bean counters (the little ones) are mired in process.
&gt;[**Новая экономическая игра от проверенного админа! 50 % чистой прибыли за 1 сбор монет!Заходи быстрее! [5:52]**](http://youtu.be/0bdNp92_Jlw)  &gt;&gt;Привет друзья! В этом Видео, будет новая экономическая игра, от проверенного админа!  &gt; [*^Финансовый ^Вектор*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAOABF2yT1SjVqI7RK9aIUg) ^in ^People ^&amp; ^Blogs  &gt;*^2 ^views ^since ^Oct ^2017*  [^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
The credit limit is not going to be the problem; the daily spending limit is more likely be tripped first. I'm not a lawyer but if you are not responsible for the credit card details being leaked it is very unlikely that the bank will be able to charge you for fraudulent spending on the card. The important thing is to notify the bank as soon as possible once you realize there is a problem and if practical keep evidence of that notification, it will then be the banks problem to fix. From my understanding Singapore has relatively good consumer protection and it is unlikely the bank will get very far even if they try to charge you.
"How can it be fake news when we're looking at government generated economic data?  Anyone can pull this data from the Internet to verify.  I think ""fake news,"" is just an excuse for people to dismiss ideas they don't like.  The press has always criticized presidents, this is nothing new.  It's a shame that some people have lost the interest of ability to analyze the veracity of news articles."
Find a good commercial bank in the us, or almost any bank in Canada, and exchange cash. Or use an ATM card in Canada; the surcharge is often minimal. (Check with your bank before traveling). You may or may not get a good exchange rate from your hotel desk; some view it as a courtesy, others as a service. You may be able to simply pay with American cash, near the border, but check the exchange rate. Or, for small amounts, you can simply not worry about whether you're getting the best possible exchange rate or not. I visit Canada periodically, and I use a mix of these solutions. Including that last one.
"I think I mis-read your comment above.    I agree, didn't mean to come off so snarky.   I don't believe her role involves what I would consider making traditional ""business decisions"".  However, I know from a few sources she is at the HQ regularly working on marketing and product / packaging designs."
As somebody who has worked remotely for the last 5 years, first at 50%, then at 100%, I find this shift to be far superior to office work. My productivity is up, my focus is good, and the work/life balance is far better than if I was working in an office. I can put in a longer day than my colleagues, yet still be free to pursue outside goals sooner than they are by eliminating my commute. Instead of spending money on greasy rushed lunches near the office, I eat healthy and cheaply at home. My energy, focus, and balance are all better.
Facebook has its fingers in many cookie jars and and can dip in many more because of the crazy amount of money they have/generate. They are practically unstoppable by now. I doubt we will see something new come along and kill it its too diverse for that.
Don't like HFT? Use a stock exchange or dealer network that only allows manually entered trades.  I hope readers are not convinced by this article to support the enactment of regulations that prevent people from using HFT.  Maybe he's right and HFT is detrimental (which I doubt), but this is something that should be decided by the free market.
Nope. Or at least, if it were possible the company offering such a credit card would quickly go out of business. Credit card companies make money off of fees from the merchants the user is buying from and from the users themselves. If they charged no fees to the user on cash advances and, in fact, gave a 3% back on cash advances, then it would be possible for a user to: The company would lose money until they stopped the loophole or went out of business.
The answer is no. Paypal will always ask for permission before adding or withdrawing money.
The man is pure evil. And I really have to wonder what these people think is in it for them? I mean where is the advantage for you to run your country into the ground? Sure you will wind up king of the hill but your hill is just going to be a pile a rubble and your kingdom will be a wasteland of ruins.
It's meaningful because we as a society have collectively decided that they are. It's all imaginary value, just like fiat money. That and in our capitalist society it is yet another product you are *forced to buy* or risk not having access to even a semblance of a decent life.  It's a pretty good racket if I do say so myself.
Sure, its gross, but my meta-research indicates its safe, and its a more efficient way to use the whole cow. We praise native Indians for using every part of the buffalo - but we can't do the same in the modern era?   Efficiency when it comes to beef production is probably a good thing, considering how greenhouse intensive the meat is.  Ground meat and sausages have always been about using the final scraps of the animal. If you don't like it, don't buy that type of meat.
#####&amp;#009;  ######&amp;#009;  ####&amp;#009; Section 33. [**Reliability**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator#Reliability) of article  [**Myers-Briggs Type Indicator**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers-Briggs%20Type%20Indicator): [](#sfw)   ---  &gt;  &gt;Some researchers have interpreted the [reliability](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reliability_(statistics\)) of the test as being low. Studies have found that between 39% and 76% of those tested fall into different types upon retesting some weeks or years later.    &gt;One study reports that the MBTI dichotomies exhibit good split-half reliability; however, the dichotomy scores are distributed in a bell curve, and the overall *type* allocations are less reliable. Also, test-retest reliability is sensitive to the time between tests. Within each *dichotomy* scale, as measured on Form G, about 83% of categorizations remain the same when individuals are retested within nine months, and around 75% when individuals are retested after nine months. About 50% of people tested within nine months remain the same overall *type*, and 36% remain the same type after more than nine months.  For Form M (the most current form of the MBTI instrument), the MBTI *Manual* reports that these scores are higher (p. 163, Table 8.6).  &gt;In one study, when people were asked to compare their preferred type to that assigned by the MBTI assessment, only half of people picked the same profile.  Critics also argue that the MBTI lacks [falsifiability](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falsifiability) [*[citation needed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed)*], which can cause [confirmation bias](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias) in the interpretation of results.  &gt;  ---  ^Interesting: [^MBTI ^Step ^II](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MBTI_Step_II) ^| [^Isabel ^Briggs ^Myers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isabel_Briggs_Myers) ^| [^ESTJ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ESTJ) ^| [^Personality ^psychology](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personality_psychology)   ^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&amp;message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+cjmsshf) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&amp;message=%2Bdelete+cjmsshf)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
"Thanks for the great response.  The example with calculus is perfect! Group A is some students who will never ever get it, no matter how much you teach and train them.  As you know, group B is some students who excel in calculus just by reading the book with no need for a professor to explain or teach them. They probably exceed in understanding beyond the course objectives.  Group C, most, will be in the middle: struggle and with efforts of the professor (if the class is not more than 10-15 students) and their own efforts, they will eventually understand... some will get C, some will get B and few will get A.  Which group will succeed with their career if it requires calculus?  &gt; The messed up part is that professors are never formally taught to teach.   True. I was an adjunct professor while studying for my master's. In the end of the semester, students had to evaluate their professors. I got the 2nd best results, after another part-time adjunct professor, and way above all tenured professors. Are you surprised? By the way, I was teaching introductory classes and I was working for the department I was teaching for as a research intern.  As for professors who don't know how to teach, this was not an issue in the past and was not needed in the past (i.e. it's because of past traditions).   In the past, the role of the professor was not so much to teach, in the sense and the way teachers teach today in elementary school: attend and dance around every student's special needs and go in a slow pace to accommodate make sure nobody is left behind.  The role of the professor in the past, being a real expert and full of knowledge far and beyond what is required, was to plan and sequence what has to be taught, in a pace that will meet the full agenda of the class. No concern is given for students who can't keep the pace. Also, the role was to challenge the students, test then and answer any question they may have. This includes debates over any topic related to the class material.  &gt; I think the vast majority of work related skills that people develop are learned on the job  Absolutely true!!!! Or let's put it this way: **the best school was, is and will be ""a Master and an Apprentice"".** Which is somewhat still done in Germany, and is the only way Medical Students learn... because, no choice: the life of others is in their hands.   By the way, **Masters have zero patience** for apprentices who don't show a promise. Masters also have little talent in teaching but **Masters have long term 1000% patience** to show, again and again, correct again and again, demand, explain and challenge their apprentices.  ... to the point the Masters actually don't do much work, and, instead, just teach, in their own special way."
Revisionist history much? The law that forced pension obligations was sponsored in the senate by Susan Collins, who by voting record is one of the most pragmatic and moderate senators. It also passed the senate with unanimous consent, being hailed as common sense reform by many of the people who now rail against it.
"A ""balance transfer"" is paying one credit card with another.  You probably get offers in the mail to do this all of the time.  As other posters have noted, however, this usually comes with finance fees rather than the rewards that you get for normal purchases because it's written into your credit card agreement as a different class of transaction with different rules. I'm not sure if it's urban legend or true, but I have heard stories that suggest there were some ""loop holes"" in the earliest credit card reward plans that allowed for something like what you want.  I doubt that any plan ever allowed exactly what you've written, but I've heard stories about people buying gift cards from merchants and then using the gift cards to pay their bill.  This loop hole (if it ever existed) is closed now, but it would have allowed for essentially infinite generation of rewards at no cost to the cardholder.  The banks and credit card companies have a lot of years of experience at this sort of thing now, so the threshold for you finding something that works and conforms with the cardholder agreement is pretty small."
Fox News could lose 100% of it's ad revenue and would still exist as a state-run propaganda arm.  17% of one month's ad revenue is 17% of a dust mote when compared to the power and lucre they stand to gain serving an autocrat who rules over the world's wealthiest country and the world's most powerful military.
As an Indian resident you can open an Resident Foreign Currency Account, i.e. an USD account. This facility is provided by all major banks.  I am not sure if PayPal would transfer money to these accounts or would convert. The alternative is to give this account number along with other Bank details to the company in US and ask them to send money via remittance services.
Some people may be prosperous that live in a city, but there are few prosperous cities. Most cities in the US are hand to mouth on funding, many large and mid-sized cities are in or going to be in trouble over worker pensions/retirement funding. The infrastructure in most cities is in poor repair. The nearest one to me needs $1 billion+ to fix the water system, that doesn't include roads or bridges. The countryside is where resources are produced, be it food, timber, ore mining, etc.... that is where wealth is produced. A city with no resources is an empty city.
To be honest, all that they might be able to tell you is to keep saving.  Your income seems like it will vary week to week thanks to commission (and I'm still very curious how at 18 you found a job making $96,000 a year at minimum).  Right now because you have no savings, start stacking that up.   You're going to want an emergency fund on the side as well.   Even though now you may still live with parents, you still may run into issues where you'll need money on hand.  It's much better to dig into an emergency fund than get a loan.  Plus, when moving out, you won't be living paycheck to paycheck.  Best rule of thumb for this is to keep an emergency fund of roughly 3-6 months of expenses.  Right now because you're so young with so little money, there isn't a large reason to really open up an IRA or any sort of investment account.  Unless you're actually guaranteed $2,000 a week, then things are different.
There is nothing wrong with private greed. Even if your sole purpose is to make money, you still have to provide the means of services or products that the public wants to buy. You are still providing people with things they want/need. And if you're a corrupt business, capitalism wouldn't allow you to fare well, or at least for long. You couldn't not continue to provide society with goods and services in pure capitalism if your aim is simply to be a profiteer.  The problem is corporatism. When you merge private and government greed, you get problems. This quote from Keynes is just plain ignorant on his part.
If you invest in a 401(k), the shares in that plan are yours for as long as you live, or until you pull them out. So, if the employer is offering any sort of matching and those matched funds remain yours after you leave, then definitely contribute; that's an immediate return on your money. If the employer is NOT matching funds, then usually it is better to contribute to an IRA instead; you get the same income tax benefits from the deduction, without the headaches of going through your company (or the company from 3 jobs ago or whoever bought them) to get to your money. If I were in your position, the most I personally would do after I quit the company (which I'm assuming you'd be doing if you were going back to your country of origin) would be to have the 401k shares rolled over into a traditional IRA; that way I'd have more control over it from outside the country. Just keep the bank holding your IRA apprised of your movements around the world and how they can get ahold of you (it may be wise to grant a limited power of attorney to someone who will be staying in the U.S. if you don't want the bank mailing your statements all around the world), and the money can stay in an American account while you do whatever you have to outside it. As long as you don't take the money out in cash before you're 59 1/2 years old, you don't need to pay taxes or penalties on it. If you were to need it to cover unexpected expenses (perhaps relating to the aforementioned family emergency), then that decision can be made at that time. If you think that's even remotely likely, you may consider a Roth IRA. With a Roth, you pay the income taxes on your contributions, but the money is then yours; you can withdraw anything up to the total amount of your contributions without any additional taxes or penalties, and once you hit 59 and a half the interest also becomes available, also tax- and penalty- free. So if you had to leave the country and take a lot of cash with you, you could get out everything you actually put into a Roth with only minor if any transaction fees, and the interest will still be there compounding.
"You should definitely read through that contract front to back multiple times, making sure you understand every word. Voice your concern to the gym. Explain why you feel you're being cheated.   Best case: they waive the fee.   Worse case: you leave bad reviews all over social media, explaining the ""surprise fee"" practice, and *then* they waive the fee.  Very worst case: The gym refuses to waive the fee, you threaten legal action. They're probably going to waive the fee then. I don't forsee any circumstance where you actually have to take them to court.  I'd ask /r/legaladvice for sure."
"The textbook answer would be ""assets-liabilities+present discounted value of all future profit"".  A&L is usually simple (if a company has an extra $1m in cash, it's worth $1m more; if it has an extra $1m in debt, it's worth $1m less). If a company with ~0 assets and $50k in profit has a $1m valuation, then that implies that whoever makes that valuation (wants to buy at that price) really believes one of two things - either the future profit will be significantly larger than $50k (say, it's rapidly growing);  or the true worth of assets is much more - say, there's some IP/code/patents/people that have low book value but some other company would pay $1m just to get that. The point is that valuation is subjective since the key numbers in the calculations are not perfectly known by anyone who doesn't have a time machine, you can make estimates but the knowledge to make the estimates varies (some buyers/sellers have extra information), and they can be influenced by those buyers/sellers; e.g. for strategic acquisitions the value of company is significantly changed simply because someone claims they want to acquire it. And, $1m valuation for a company with $500m in profits isn't appropriate - it's appropriate only if the profits are expected to drop to zero within a couple years; a stagnant but stable company with $500m profits would be worth at least $5m and potentially much more."
Ok, so let's just think about the IQ curve for a minute. We know that over 50% of the population has lower than average IQ. We know that toward the lower end of the curve, people are really dumb. Some of these on the very low end have federal assistance due to their handicap. It is not politically correct to call them retards because they are a natural product of nature special ed instructors say.  So, let's play the banking game. Pull up a list of all of the customers activity and graph out the frequency of those who overdraft. Hey, would you look at that, there is a curve and some of these people are overdrawing a lot more than others. Most customers overdraft rarely or not at all, but there are a few who do it all the time. These are the retards and the banks prey on them. These are the same folks who get 50% interest pay-day loans.  Never-mind the fact that banks have been given money by FED. Never-mind that they can park their money overnight and earn great rates for free. Never mind that the US government, soon to be replicated by governments all over the world, has stolen tax dollars from the population at large and given it to these banks without a moment of hesitation because they are too big to fail.  No, the problem is that these retards cannot balance their checkbook, therefore, it is their own damn fault. And for those who prey on the weaker, the down-trodden, the mentally challenged. Good for them! If you're too stupid to balance your account, then you deserve to be raped by big banks and the governments who are in bed with them.   Now, get on the other side of the IQ curve you fucking retards!
Are you looking for movers Beverly Hills who can offer quality packing and moving services in the city or to other cities? Are you fed up of searching one which not only charges reasonably, but also offer tailor made solutions? We, at Flatrate movers’ la offer services at very flat rates.
&gt; Blockbuster should have done some sort of rental package where you could return their mailers to the the store and get a couple of in store rentals for 10 bucks a month or something  This is pretty much exactly what they did
"You ask a question, ""Is there any real purpose in purchasing bonds?"" and then appear to go off on a rant. Before the question is closed by members here, let me offer this:  This chart reflects the 10 year bond rate. From 1960-2004 (give or take) the coupon rate was over 4%. Asset allocation suggests a mix of stocks and bonds seeking to avoid the risk of having ""all of one's eggs in one basket."" To that end, the simplest approach is a stock/bond mix. Over time, a 70/30 mix provides nearly 95% of the long tern return, but with a much lower volatility.  I'm not going to suggest that a 2% 10 year bond is an exciting investment, but bonds may have a place in one's portfolio. I'm not going to debate each and every point you attempted, but #5 is especially questionable. If you feel this is true, you should short bonds. Or you should at least 99% of the time. Do you have data to back up this statement?"
According to the United Nations things that people need to live are classified as human rights. Food, water, basic communication etc, all listed as human rights. Those things you listed are (I believe) from the American constitution(?) and are protected 'rights' but they are not human rights.   For more information you can visit the [Universal Declaration of Human Rights](http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/) pay listed by the united nations. These are things that most countries on the planet agree all people need.
"Alright, I will go through bullet point by bullet point and try to best figure out what you will be doing in layman's terms. Please bear in mind that I do not work for a hedge fund, but rather a much larger entity, so a lot of the work you will be doing is pre-populated:  &gt;Roles = In this role, the individual will be the main point of contact for the client on all things related to understanding their trading profit &amp; loss and how their valuations have been sourced. In addition, the Product Controller will work with internal partner areas to ensure all required processes have been performed to verify the valuation accuracy of the client’s portfolio.  From my understanding you will act as the middle man between the client and the analyst. As such here is how a real interaction may go: Client X calls, you answer - ""Hello, iDade's office, how can I assist you?"" Client X asks, ""Hey iDadeMarshall I was curious what my capital gains were on my FB purchase?"" iDade: ""Ok, let me pull up your account, just a moment. It seems as though your current capital are $30,000 (*LOL*) on your FB purchase.""  Client X: ""Hmm, well do I have any significant loses that I may be able to sell off to off-set the tax on the capital gains?"" iDade: ""Why yes you do, it seems AAPL has taken a mighty tumble, would you like to sell a position to assist you in offsetting?"" Client X: ""Why that would be great. Thanks for your help."" The conversation could go on, and that is a pretty deep conversation for the level you are going in, but I have had conversations like these before. The second part of the bullet just means that you will be checking and rechecking the grunt work of the analyst, and in some places actually performing the grunt work. The work will most likely be along the lines of finding returns for different time periods. Popular desired time periods are inception, ytd, qtd, 1yr, 2yr, etc. Remember all of these time periods are not good stand alone; they must be compared to a relevant benchmark. For instance, you would not want to compare the Barclays Intermediate Ag to an equity portfolio. The most common benchmark for an equity portfolio is going to be the S&amp;P 500, but you have to look at where the portfolio is focused. If it is a SCV you may want to look more towards something like the IJS (iShares S&amp;P SmallCap 600 Value Index). In the end always remember that any number you come up with is always relative to a benchmark. A plain return number is useless.  &gt;Knowledge/Skills = Knowledge of cash and derivative products across various markets • Knowledge of pricing and valuation • Knowledge of profit and loss reporting and related attribution analysis  Pretty much they just want to make sure that if a client asks about a forward/future contract as well as any swap/option that you understand what they are. This bullet points screams “I KNOW WHAT I AM DOING EVEN THOUGH NOBODY KNOWS WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE ECONOMY.” Be up on your current events have a personal conjecture about what you feel is going to happen moving forward, but do not convey it. If you know that the unemployment was the main driver behind today’s poor market then you will be good for the day, because that will suffice for any call in that relates to “why is the market down?” One of my favorite quotes about the current economy is as follows: “Anyone around here, who isn't confused about what’s going on, doesn't understand."" As scary as it is, that is the honest truth. Nobody knows what is about to happen and if anyone tells you they do, they are lying and you need to run away, quickly. I am assuming you know how to calculate profit and loss – I don’t really know of a *special* way to twist the numbers around.  &gt;Major Duties = Managing the daily P&amp;L process for one or more client trading desks o Daily review of Quality Control checks o Working with trading desk(s) on P&amp;L differences/inquiries o Working with offshore Product Control Team (India) on QC process o Delivering a final daily (and month-end) P&amp;L statement to the client • Understanding and explaining the key drivers behind the P&amp;L movements • Preparing/Managing monthly (or more frequently as required) price verification process and associated reporting • Updating and maintaining pricing policy for each financial type that is included in the consultant’s P&amp;L reporting • Ad/hoc projects to meet and enhance client deliverables  All this means is that you will be sending out the due diligence to the client and you will ensure you are using the proper closing price and include any deposits/withdrawals during the month into your calculation. The main point is knowing the reasons the price moved throughout the day/month. KEEP UP on current events and make sure that you understand a vast knowledge of economic data.  For what your day-to-day activity may be, I can walk you through it. Let’s say you get in at 8am. You will get in at 8, read economic data/recent news articles until about 10; from there you will update client A-F P/L worksheet until about noon. You will eat a quick lunch until about 1230 and continue on the grind of E-M until about 4. From 4-5 you will reread what happened at the end of the day and an overall economic activity report for the day. You may stay until 8 or 9 (if you are in a banking hub/NYC), but a lot of the older guys will leave at this time. This is your time to shine. Stay as late as you can and pump out as much work as you can.  As for your interview, they may ask you what will be a good play for the next 6 months to a year – you should respond with common themes in the market. The most common theme is the dividend growth play. A ton of people are not predicting large amount of growth for the next 5-10 years, I believe I read something earlier that JPM lowered their growth forecasts by about 30% recently, so dividends IS the play. Dividend payers are generally well established companies (blue chip) that have a strong foothold in their respective industry/sector. There are a ton of funds sprouting out everywhere to follow this trend (you could throw out a few funds for brownie points, I’ll give you some – MADVX and VDIGX are pretty common). I hope this helps and let me know if anything wasn’t clear (wrote it pretty quickly). I am off to have a drink or two or three, I’ll check this in the morning though."
The price is moving higher so by the time you enter your order and press buy, a new buyer has already come in at that time and taken out the lowest ask price. So you end up chasing the market as the prices keep moving higher. The solution: if you really want to be sure that you buy it and don't want to keep chasing the market higher and higher, you should put in a market order instead of a limit order. With a market order you may pay a few cents higher than the last traded price but you will be sure to have your order filled. If you keep placing limit orders you may miss out altogether, especially if the price keeps moving higher and higher. In a fast moving market a market order is always best if your aim is to be certain to buy the stock.
I asked this question in this weeks question thread.  But I'll ask it here too.    If the buy side here is an etf and has an expense ratio of x, does the rebate offset the expense or is accounted some other way? Another way, Is the rebate profit for the fund manager or the fund? Does it get disclosed somehow?
Two big things: In many ways, the early internet people were correct -- in 2011 we are much more productive as a society than we were in 1991. (Which comes with downsides, such as high unemployment) The bubble was a result of over-estimating those improvements and under-estimating the time required to yield those productivity gains.
Horrible plan.  You are asking for a massive family feud over money. Don't mix extended family and money. You need to be able to make unemotional decisions about your finances and debt and you likely won't be able to make hard decisions that may be required if they would negatively impact your family. You don't want your brain and heart to fight. You will wind up losing your relationships with family, money, or most likely both.
Jurisdictions will vary but I can imagine calculation methods for child support where the raise could become significant in the present with long future ramifications as well, even if the job is temporary or the parent wanted to step away from working full-time to attend school. The timing of the raise might coincide with disclosure of income to an ex-spouse or to the court related and it might be preferable to postpone the increase. Of course the court would probably frown on declining the raise for only these reasons. If it found out it might impute the higher income anyway. And I'm not suggesting that people dodge responsibility for their kids. We've all seen those cases where child support is not particularly equitable between the two parties and/or the kids do not necessarily benefit by the transfer of money. I wouldn't blame a parent for thoughtfully and unselfishly considering this type of second-order effect and consulting an attorney as with so many other financial implications of divorce. Regardless of personal moral objections it's certainly an answer to the question in technical terms that somebody somewhere has taken into account.
"I would hold off on making that threat (closing your account). First, because as others have said, it's not likely to help. And second, assuming you're willing to make good on that threat, you should only play that card as a final absolute last resort, because if it fails, and you close your account, there is little to nothing else you can try to get what you want. First, talk one-on-one with a personal banker at your local BA branch. You might be surprised at how helpful they can be. Next, try talking to customer service on the phone. After that, you might try sending a letter to corporate HQ. A lot depends on the particular ""feature"" you are talking about and why they removed it. It could be that 1) the bank finds the feature is just too costly provide for free, 2) there may be a technical reason why they can no longer provide it, 3) it could be as simple as that few to none of their customers (excluding you) are actually using the feature, or 4) it could be that due to changing regulation, or market forces, no bank is offering that feature anymore. Also, while they may not care specifically about your business, the local branch has an incentive to not drive customers away if it can be reasonably avoided."
"Yelp is a plague upon this earth, especially for small business owners.   I'd say it's symbolic of a flawed, cancerous line of reasoning that is somehow making its way even into the health care system as well as other sectors of business. That is: survey feedback.  Don't get me wrong; consumer/customer feedback is important. But, one has to take into account that usually only people with poor experiences tend to voice loudly, so results become skewed on the spectrums of consumers. Furthermore, many reviews are simply insane -- i.e. biased experiences due to a bad day, another customer, or something else entirely unrelated or unreasonable to their experience. Don't even get me started on peoples' bias towards Asian restaurants that aren't galvanized into PF Chang's style service.   Why the fuck do people go to MBA programs if they're going to put so much stock into such ""ratings"". It creates needless stress while providing a poor lens for understanding things. At best, it's a tool not a religion. At least, I presume people running the business end of hospitals are MBAs.  The customer is always right is only true insofar as how you treat them at the time of service. Secondly, reviewers aren't always right."
You’ll find home owners calling the experts for this project as they want to sell the property. In this situation, hiring project management Sydney experts and getting renovation done gives a handsome boost to the property’s resale value and find most of the project management Sydney companies offering the service called restoration.
You can criticize this all day long but at least take into account state benefits for being a parent and the fact that more children is an opportunity for more support later in life. Some families seemingly don't have a choice and some are trying to take advantage of the system and play the victim card. It's not merely a simple breeding habit
Despite being passed 10 years ago, Dodd Frank is not fully implemented yet.  I like to make that point when people tell me we can't get by without it.  We're getting by without all of it right now at this moment as we speak.
Deposits are contributions. You deposit say, $5000, and over time you have $6000.  The $5000 can be withdrawn any time with no issue. It's tracked via form 8606.  With this in mind, I wrote an article The Roth Emergency Fund, suggesting that since one can withdraw deposits with no issue, the Roth can be used to hold emergency money.
that's just it, though - they are splitting up the 1%! and in most cases, especially vanguard, they are splitting up far less.  ETFs don't have 12b-1 fees. explaining why you're experiencing different returns for ETFs will almost certainly involve something other than their expense. again, this is especially true for vanguard. they have the cheapest ETFs around (though i think schwab beats them on a few now).  i can only guess at the full compensation structure. betterment likely earns money on cash reserves and  securities hypothecation (i guess?). they also charge a small fee from what i understand. finance is very slim these days.  i guess i'm wondering what your ultimate question is. if it's the inter corporate compensation structure, above is my best guess. if it's about performance, then we need to compare the ETFs you are looking at. if it's about the fees on funds, i think we covered that!  as an advisor, it's my experience that very specific inquiries about fees have a deeper concern. people hear a lot about being overcharged so cost is a very standard place for clients to initially look when trying to compare performance of portfolios or securities.
If you are searching for the best Hair Transplant Centre In Kharghar then contact with Aarjav Skin Care clinic which offers the best services for Hair Transplant, Laser Hair Removal, Laser Hair Tattoo Removal. To know more about Clinic Visit: http://www.aarjavskin.in/ or contact at:  9619418586
I meant bitcoin. The issuer is the designer of the currency, which I have stated multiple times, has structural issues. The exchanges are the banks, which have been shown to be susceptible to hacking. Bitcoin is also a fiat currency, just like every other currency, just one with no faith or guarantees behind it and no one to hold accountable when things go sideways. No thanks.
Your response give me hope for you, attitude is one of the things you can change! It may sound strange, but to love others you need to love yourself first.  Sometimes that means accepting who you are today and dedicating yourself to small changes that make life better! Start by finding good role models for caring people and try to be more like them.
"Note that it isn't always clear that ""turning it all into an annuity"" is the right answer. Annuities are essentially insurance policies -- you're paying them a share of your income to guarantee a specific payout. If you outlive the actuarial tables, that may be a win. If the market crashes, that may be a win. But I'm increasingly hearing the advice that staying in investments (albeit in a very conservative position) may pay better longer. There are tools which will do monte-carlo modelling based on what the market has done in the past. You give them  your estimate of how much in today's dollars would be needed to ""maintain your lifestyle"", and they'll tell you how much savings you need -- and what form you might want to keep those savings in -- to have good odds of being able to live entirely off the earnings and never touch the capital My employer makes such a tool available to us, and in fact Quicken has a simpler version built into it; it's nice that the two agree."
Ok thanks for this. I am curious, how would they know its facebook that is directing these increased sales. If it's TV or radio, you can tell by increased revenues from increased spots. But for a facebook ad or a google ad, unless this is the only form of marketing, how are you sure (unless again you can ask, did you hear from us by google or fb) its from one of these websites. My thinking was for a physical product when i made this comment.
&gt;if they got paid for the household chores and family care they provide, it would add an additional $10 trillion to the global economy.  This wouldn't add anything to the global economy; the value is already there.  It would just artificially inflate gdp/gwp measures from them paying themselves instead of being a representation of value created through trade.  If I invoiced myself for my household chores, and then had my first bank ACH my other bank account for the invoice; I haven't created anything in value that's not already there.
&gt;*The seasonally-adjusted price index for meats, poultry, fish, and eggs also hit an all-time high in July, according to BLS.*  &gt;*In January 1967, when the BLS started tracking this measure, the index for meats, poultry, fish, and eggs was 38.1. As of last July, it was 236.147. By this January, it hit 240.006. By June, it hit 253.318. And, in July, it climbed to a record 254.174.*  &gt;*“The food index rose 0.4 percent in July, its fifth increase at least that large in the last 6 months,” states the BLS. “The index for meats, poultry, fish, and eggs has increased 7.6 percent over the [last 12 months] and the index for dairy and related products has risen 4.3 percent.”*  Cross-post from /r/MAConservative
I am currently a non-voluntary member of four different retirement plans in two different countries. There are a few aspects to this (Caveat: this may be different for each country and change over time) I would consider the following strategy
Without knowing your credit situation or your full budget it's a little difficult, but i'd go with the snowball method for now: It may seem like not a big deal to have this kind of debt but you really should be looking at it as if your walking around with your hair on fire.  It's a HUGE emergency. Debt, especially looming CC debt with high rates, can make things worse (think water on grease fire) really quickly so the faster you get rid of it the better.  Good luck!
"Most personal liability umbrella policy issuers will not sell you a policy unless you have the maximum possible coverage on the underlying policies.  Underlying policies include You have to have each one of the above that applies to you and have all their liability line items completely maxed out before you qualify for umbrella. Note: The above was my experience with State Farm in Illinois and also what was told to me by a ""high-priced"" personal liability lawyer, but may not apply to all states or all situations."
Streaming ESPN does not have good revenue potential. I remember a report that they would need to charge $30+/month to replace the revenue cable subs provide. It might plug a hole, but ESPNs revenues are still the only thing that matters for Disney.
"This article has a section titled ""Do you need an umbrella policy to cover your personal liability risks?"" that says: If you have young children, for example, you might need a policy   because they have lots of friends. These little tikes might get into   some mischief and hurt themselves at your home. If so, you’re at risk   of being sued. Do you have people over often? Do you drive like a maniac or a   Parisian? Do you have firearms on your premises? Do you have gardeners   and housekeepers on the grounds? All these are reasons why you might   want to own an umbrella policy. Although many people in the US are homeowners, parents, drivers, etc., not everyone falls into these categories. For some people, as low as the premiums for such a policy might be,  the expected cost outweighs the expected benefit. The cost of a lawsuit may be extremely high, but someone may feel that the chance of a lawsuit being filed against them is low enough to be safely ignored and not worth insuring against. I'm probably not a great example, but I'll use my own situation anyway. Even though a liability policy probably wouldn't cost me too much, I'm almost certain that I wouldn't derive any benefit from it. I live alone without children (or firearms, pet tigers, gardeners, etc.) in a 520 sq. ft. apartment, so the probability that something bad would happen to someone on the small bit of property that I rent and that they would file a sizable lawsuit against me is small enough that I choose to ignore it."
"So I see that you replied again despite ""I am done with you!"". Thanks. We will resolve this debate one day.  &gt; When you say something is ""maybe"" it is factual but when I say something is ""maybe"" it's fiction. I had assumed something else.  You really try very hard to not understand simple things... and it seems that you succeed in that.  Again: my ""maybe"" is about how Trump will reduce drug prices as he said and says he would. Your ""maybe""(s) are about how Trump does not want and will not reduce drug prices despite him saying he would. So you have a ""maybe"" facts that Trump will not reduce drug prices, while I have a maybe on how he would do it.   Any additional questions, objections, or ""misunderstanding"" on your side in regards to this subject?   &gt; I did give you a ""possibility"" which is a ""maybe"" so that means I am wrong and global warming is no risk at all. Yes, what you say is starting to make sense.  If there are clear proofs that Global Warming (very slight rise in temperature) is or will cause ""instability"" or ""expenses"", then I can't argue back.  So all you can come up with are ""possibilities"" and more ""maybe""(s) to tell us about ""instabilities"" and ""expenses"". And you think this will convince anyone, except members of the Church of Climatology?   For God sake, I even asks for specifics and you did not (and cannot) name any! Will we have wars? Will we have diseases and plagues? Will we have hunger?   Of course not! Wars will not start because it's slightly more hot. Disease will not spread because it's a bit more hot. Hunger will not occur because warmer weather and more rain is just even more food.  What on earth are you talking about? What are the terrible things that will happen if it's a bit hotter?   Are you going to be Al Gore, again, who in his An Inconvenient Truth truth movie in 2006 predicted there will be no more glaciers and other catastrophes? Well, An Inconvenient Truth the Sequel will come out and, sorry, we have glaciers and nothing(!) from the first movie became true. Nothing!!!! I loved how he said in the first movie ""Stronger storms will kill and destroy"". The last few years had less storms than ever.  &gt;&gt; How could a person like you, who seek truth, vote for democrats?  &gt; It can only be because I have serious mental health problems. There is no other explanation.  Yes, I believe you.  Blind belief in a religion (far left Liberalism and/or Climatology) make any person blind to truth, logic, facts and even moderate views.  &gt;&gt; ...you are trying to convince me that Russia knew he [Trump] would win [the GOP debate against 13 others] and colluded with him between July until the elections November to make him win?  &gt; That is totally it! I am so impressed that even though I never mentioned Russia at all you were able to see through my facade an pinpoint my actual goal in this discussion.  Yes, you did not mention ""Russians!"" but, you see? I easily figure out people like you.  You actually also believe that ""Russians!"" are responsible for Trump in addition to all the terrible things you believe about Trump.   But, the DNC and Hillary, oh no, they are fine (despite Hillary selling and getting commision for selling 20% of USA Uranium to Russia, making $500,000 for a speech to Russian bankers, etc).  **So, I will not stop and demand, if you can, to tell me about one ACTION by Trump you oppose to.**  **Also, tell me why I it would be better if voted Hillary/DNC? What would they do better for us that Trump does not do?**"
"I hope I'm misunderstanding your plan... you want to invest in a way that will make SO MUCH that you pay back all of the loan payments with investment gains? Like the answer I gave on the preceding question, and like @littleadv's comment/mhoran's answers... don't do this. No good will come of it.  This strategy requires higher returns, but does not necessarily give you a better return.   But because you asked the question again, let me specify what you're missing... I do think that learning is a good thing. It boils down to two very significant problems that you haven't addressed:  (1) Where are you getting your monthly ""income"" from?  (2) Realistic vs. Daydreaming--How big do any gains have to be and does that exist in the real world in a way that you can capture?  In a nutshell, if my answer to the last question showed that it's crazy to invest and pay back out of your capital and income... since you're trying to keep your capital and only pay back with monthly gains, this one will require even higher and thus more unrealistic gains.  The model you're implying:  If that's what you mean with this model, (which I think you do), then here are my two very key questions again: How are you getting your monthly income? Financial investments (i.e. stocks or bonds) will have two components of value. One component of value is the stream of payments, such as a monthly dividend from stocks that pay those, or the interest payment from a bond. The other is the ability to resell a security to another investor, receiving back your capital.  So... you either have to find Bonds//Dividend stocks that pay >52% returns tax-free each year, and pay this loan off with the payments. (Or higher returns to cover taxes, but these kinds of investments do not exist for you.)  OR you can try to invest in something, pray that it goes up ≥4.323% per month and so that you can sell it, pay back your loan payment with the proceeds, and use the capital to buy your next investment... that will go up 4.323% per month, to turn and sell it again.  The pros that do model this type of speculation go into much more depth than you are capable of. They build models that incorporate probabilities for rates of return based on historical data. They have better information, and have specialized in calculating this all out. They even have access to better investment opportunities (like pre-IPO Twitter or private notes). You just won't find the opportunities to make this happen, each month, for 24 months. (Again, you won't find them. They do not exist for you in as an investor in securities) Realistic vs. Daydreaming So... clearly I hope that by now I have convinced you that these would be the required returns. They simply aren't available to you. If they were, you would still run into obstacles with converting 'book' returns into physical money that you could repay the loans with, and then continuing that growth.  And while I appreciate the notion that 'if I could just make the payments each month, I'd have $10,000 after 24 months!' I guarantee you that you'll be better off finding another way to target that same investment.  Along the lines of what mhoran said, if you aim for a basic 401K or other similar investment account and target it into the S&P500, you might see returns of anywhere from -25% to +25% over the next 24 months... but if things went like they tend to average for the S&P500, it's more like ~7% annually. Check out a ""savings target calculator"" like this one from Bankrate.com and put in the numbers... if you can save about $390 a month you'll be at $10K in 24 months. It's not as fun as the other, but you can actually expect to achieve that.  You will not find consistent >50% returns on your money annually."
"•Have you had any problems with bills not being paid? NO •If you had issues, were they addressed satisfactorily? Answer: A big issue that blindsided me:  With my bank, the funds come out of my account right away, but the actual payment is done through a third-party service. On my bank's online site it appears that the payment has been made, but that does not necessarily mean that the intended recipient has cashed it.  Looking online at my credit union's site is useless, because all I can tell is that the payment has been sent. The only way to verify payment is to contact the intended recipient.  Or I may telephone the online bill pay representative at my bank/credit union, who has access to the third party service. If I do nothing, after 90 days, the check is void, at which time the third party service notifies the bank/credit union and the funds will eventually end up back in my account.  I learned this today, after a third-party paper check to a health care provider was returned to me via mail by the recipient (because insurance had already paid and I did not owe them anything). The money was in the hands of the third-party service, not in my account, nor that of my credit union nor the recipient. At first my credit union told me that I would have to contact the third-party service myself and work it out. I said ""NO WAY"" and the credit union did get the money back into account the same day. This is a sweet deal for the third party, who has my money interest-free anywhere from a few days to three months. And risk-free as well, because the money goes directly from my account to the third party service."
If the company went bankrupt, the issued public shares that were outstanding at the time most likely were voided, in which case your shares are most definitely gone.  The company might have done a new stock issuance coming out of bankruptcy with a different symbol, and while it could be substantially the same company, it doesn't mean much for you.  It's unfortunate this may be the case, but it is one of the risks of investing.
"Great question. There are two ways to increase the amount of money you have: It's difficult to decrease your expenses past a certain point, and your question is focused on the first aspect anyway. But it's worth noting that controlling spending is a significant part of accumulating wealth. You need to make more money, and there's no trick to it. Ask for a raise, sure, that can't hurt. But also think about what you need to do to get a higher-paying job. There's a lot to think about: Does you current job have growth potential? Are you doing everything you can do to maximize that potential? If you're just phoning it in and collecting your paycheck, that's not going to make you much more money. But if you're working hard, learning new skills, and have an opportunity to grow into more responsibilities and more money, that's a good start. In my experience, the biggest paycheck increases have come from looking for new opportunities and switching jobs. (BTW, I'm not suggesting quitting your job. You need to always have the new job locked up before quitting the old job!) The wealthiest people I know are self-employed, and they worked hard to build up their companies. Do you work in an industry where you can build your skills to a point where you can go out on your own? Does entrepreneurship interest you? Either way, focus on your job, skills, and maximizing your income potential. Be your own advocate. Make sure your boss knows what a good job you're doing. If you need to start looking for other options, take your time and start looking. The often-quoted line, ""the harder I work, the luckier I get"" is appropriate."
Completely serious question, I've seen a lot of horror stories of people graduating with useless degrees and six digits of debt- I won't have debt, but I don't want to have a useless degree. Now, I'm not going to drop out or anything, but I want to know what my prospects are.
Capitalism != The Stock Market.    The market is just part of the economy.  Paul Singer could try making money the old fashioned way - by building a widget factory and selling widgets, or offering some other compelling service that customers want.    Plenty of capitalism to go around.
Data is the future, the more data you obtain, the more accurate your predictions. The more accurate your predictions, the more data you can obtain. Data is the fuel to business strategies and they have plenty of data they are currently organizing. There is a reason why they hire more top tier MBA students than any other company.
I'm wearing shorts I bought online. Levi's. Amazon offers free returns so I bought two sizes and picked what fit me best. I don't buy them all online but I do things like jeans from a specific brand where I know the sizing well. A lot of places offer free returns now. Otherwise I might take a gamble on a shirt fitting, or check out what blank it's printed on to see if I know it already. Just bought a shirt yesterday that I knew was printed on an American apparel 50/50 blank so I knew what size I need as I have ten shirts printed on that blank already.   Still need to go into a store for a lot of things though
As generic as he was really what the hell else are you gonna say? I mean it'd help you stick out if you said something different but you could also come off as fake as shit if you do. We all know you're here for the money and that's why you work these stupid hours almost killing yourself.
"It's like yelp has and has marketing value for some businesses.  Business isn't one size fits all.  If a customer asks ""What's your BBB rating"" then it has merit.  You don't' want to insult the customer and have to educate them especially if they're older.  That being said, being part of a Chamber or Rotary has value for some select businesses too but not all.  Some people put weight in JD Power ratings.  Those are worthless too but guess what, it's still a great marketing badge so it has value."
&gt;when he's already admitted that he has all the money he'll ever need  Sounds like he should sell or close the company.  &gt;and what he's doing now is fear mongering his own employees so that he doesn't have to pay slightly higher taxes  See I can already shoot down your explanation, because it's not just higher taxes, its increased business tax liability, increased business insurance liability. All of which deincentivize not incentivize.  If you started out making 80% of a billion dollar gross profit, then 70% , then 60%, then 50%, then 40% and with proposed changes to liability you're now looking at 30% of a billion. How long would you continue? The guy is 70+ years. He probably continues because it is his passion. But at what point is the stress and return on his time and input not worth it? That's the topic. Not greed. Is it greedy that whether he made 80% or even only 10% of a billion? You may say yes, but as a decision maker he must constantly weigh whether or not it is worth it.   &gt;He didn't get successful in a vacuum, he got successful in a system which helped fund his success because 42 years ago the people who were where he is today were taxed more so he could get where he is today. But his opinions aren't what I'm mad about, I'm mad because he is greedy and a bully and a liar and a hypocrite of almost incomprehensible proportions.   Obama said he didnt build it, but he'll damn well close or sell the company if he wants. Rhetoric is cute until thousands of employees are out of jobs because the owner didn't feel it was worth it to continue the business.
Flash Boys was kind of full of shit, though. And it was basically an ad for another guy trying to make it with his exchange.  Canada is actually heating up from an algo/HFT perspective. Does that affect you at all? I'm seeing a lot more of this type of activity and the lack of dark pools creates for an interesting environment.  I always look forward to RBC's coverage on the topic, given the general lack of info.
"how do I decide which model to purchase so that I get maximum amount of utility considering how much money I would have to pay?"" You should have a fixed budget for buying a TV, based on a small portion of your available cash, and not spend more."
There is no reason you must buy the bank's printed check. There are many places both physical stores and on line the offer check printing.  From what I've seen, the requirement is the use of a magnetic ink the bank's equipment can properly scan. I may not even be correct there if they've all gone fully optical. The checks you buy on line are a fraction of the cost the bank would charge you.  Edit - On searching, I find VistaPrint offers free checks. I've not ordered checks from them, but I suspect free orders require you pay shipping. I've used VistaPrint for business cards, promotional items, and holiday cards. I can say, I've been pleased with their quality.  Update - The free checks from VistaPrint are no longer available.
"I've had a mortgage changing hands with mid size companies for many years with no problems.  I've handled many complex financial and technical transactions with multiple parties with no problems over the course decades. Then, after my last refinance, my mortgage fell into the hands of JP Morgan Chase. The bank sent one letter to let me know of the transfer, and in the next week they sent my loan to collections for what I later found to be Chase's process error in the transfer.   For the next three months, I ended up in customer service hell as one Chase group threatened to foreclose on my house while another group told me to ignore the imminent foreclosure notices. One started to ""investigate"" the transfer while the collections group tried to make me pay my mortgage payment twice.  The mess only ended up being taken care of after I tracked down the old owner of my loan and had them refund the ""lost"" payment directly to me - normally they would have sent it to the company buying the loan, but could not get Chase to accept the payment. Then I paid Chase that exact same mortgage payment.    All the time the Chase internal investigations and collections department were completely incapable of a simple call to previous holder of the loan. A company handling millions of mortgage transactions is somehow incapable of handling a minor glitch in a mortgage transfer? It's either utter incompetence or total malice in picking up extra penalty fees or maybe an occasional forclosure if homeowners didn't say on top of the details. This is what we used our collective tax dollars to bail out."
KIRO Studios provides photography services to suit your every need. Enjoy and preserve your next event with stunning Photography Ottawa that will last a lifetime. With KIRO Studios, you can be assured that you are getting the quality photography you seek and peace of mind you deserve.
It isn’t that the starving man doesn’t have money, it is that he doesn’t have access to eggs!  He is on the same indifference curve due to finances as the wealthy man.  What has made you assume a difference of financial ability, when I already said there were none?  Were he in an area of abundant resources, which you seem to assume in your counter-arguments, then he would be willing to pay for lower quality, for the lower prices those lower quality are offered at, because he need not mention his plight.  I’m not that thinking the world as it should be.  I am thinking of human nature as we have observed, not financial nature.  Because humans create the financial systems.  The financial systems do not create human nature.  Financial systems DO influence human nature.
"I found an answer by Peter Selinger, in two articles, Tutorial on multiple currency accounting (June 2005, Jan 2011) and the accompanying Multiple currency accounting in GnuCash (June 2005, Feb 2007). Selinger embraces the currency neutrality I'm after. His method uses ""[a]n account that is denominated as a difference of multiple currencies... known as a currency trading account."" Currency trading accounts show the gain or loss based on exchange rates at any moment.  Apparently GnuCash 2.3.9 added support for multi-currency accounting. I haven't tried this myself. This feature is not enabled by default, and must be turned on explicity. To do so, check ""Use Trading Accounts"" under File -> Properties -> Accounts. This must be done on a per-file basis. Thanks to Mike Alexander, who implemented this feature in 2007, and worked for over 3 years to convince the GnuCash developers to include it. Older versions of GnuCash, such as 1.8.11, apparently had a feature called ""Currency Trading Accounts"", but they behaved differently than Selinger's method."
That stock appreciation came entirely from Alibaba's growth and had nothing to do with Mayer's moves.  Mayer spent billions on failed acquisitions of startups and never capitalized on any of them. Yahoo would have been better off shutting down the day she became CEO and becoming a holding company.
Moody's came out with an analysis today saying the requirement could be slightly good for for-profit hospitals (Bad-debt charges will decline. The expansion of healthcare coverage under the law will lessen for-profit hospital operators’ exposure to bad debts, which in turn will improve margins and cash flow. However, we expect that the growth rate of Medicare reimbursements will also slow down, offsetting the benefit of lower bad-debt expense and making the overall credit impact of the ruling neutral to slightly positive), negative for pharmaceutical cos. (Pharmaceutical companies will continue to pay for the full adoption of the Affordable Care Act in the form of higher rebates to the government for Medicaid drug costs, discounts to seniors covered under Medicare Part D drug plans and a new industry fee) and slightly negative for medical device firms (Beginning Jan. 1, 2013, US medical-device product sales will be subject to a 2.3% excise tax; the excise tax will be tax-deductible, resulting in an estimated effective tax rate of 1.5% on US device revenues).
In all honesty, the best solution I've come across is Microsoft's now defunct Money.
What keshlam said is correct. In bookkeeping terms, what you are doing is transferring value from some kind of cash account (which may in turn be backed by a loan) to an asset. Effectively, you are exchanging one asset for another. That asset you are exchanging to is the land that you are buying, which has some value, and which should end up on the asset side of your balance sheet. Unfortunately, particularly with fixed assets where no two ones are alike, such as land, it's often very hard to know the exact value unless and until you sell it. An appraiser can get you an estimate, but only sealing a deal with an actual buyer can get you an exact value, and at that point, the asset is no longer yours.
The real problem is people have a problem with people who try to improve themselves, eat healthy and object to obvious bullshit shill science that says holding a microwave emitter up to your skull is perfectly safe.   Yet somehow Apple recommends that you [don't hold their phone up to your head anyway.](http://www.idownloadblog.com/2011/03/07/dont-hold-your-iphone-too-close-to-your-head-apple-says-so/)
&gt;Falls Church VA   Falls Church is an independent city. It has no county to levy taxes.  The FY2017 budget shows a 1% city and 4% restaurant tax. Then you've got 4.3% VA state tax, and 0.7% Northern Virginia regional tax.  Totaling 10%.
You are giving poor and uneducated people a lot more agency than they really have.    Our system could do a better job of supporting and educating disadvantaged communities, but such communities are much easier to exploit when they are poor and ignorant so that is how they remain.    Also teen pregnancy are at historical lows right now so to the degree the specific problem you highlight is a factor it should be less of a factor than at any point in the past few decades.      Source: http://www.newsmax.com/Health/Health-News/teen-pregnancy-rates-down/2017/06/22/id/797590/
If you're waiting for Apple to send you a 1099 for the 2008 tax season, well, you shouldn't be. App Store payments are not reported to the IRS and you will not be receiving a 1099 in the mail from anyone. App Store payments are treated as sales commissions rather than royalties, according to the iTunes Royalty department of Apple. You are responsible for reporting your earnings and filing your own payments for any sums you have earned from App Store.   – https://arstechnica.com/apple/2009/01/app-store-lessons-taxes-and-app-store-earnings The closest thing to sales commissions in WA state seems to be Service and Other Activities described at  http://dor.wa.gov/content/FileAndPayTaxes/BeforeIFile/Def_TxClassBandO.aspx#0004. When you dig a little deeper into the tax code, WAC 458-20-224 (Service and other business activities) includes: (4) Persons engaged in any business activity, other than or in addition to those for which a specific rate is provided in chapter 82.04 RCW, are taxable under the service and other business activities classification upon gross income from such business.   - http://apps.leg.wa.gov/wac/default.aspx?cite=458-20-224 I am not a lawyer or accountant, so caveat emptor.
This seems very suspicious, as if it were fraud, and not a legitimate collector.  Garnishing wages takes a court order. A court would require a bit more proof than a name. Names can easily be common, I know sets of first cousins named after the common grandparent, 4 pairs in my extended family, along with 2 triples. The court would certainly look for a social security number match. Your own credit history will show no activity in that state.  A legitimate debt collector would handle this very differently.
I wrote a simple monopoly simulation a few years back. The simulation handicapped one player for a set number of turns and then released the handicap eventually. Long story short, the initially handicapped player almost never recovered except when I handocapped the other players, bonussed the initially handicapped player and they had lucky turns. I ran this simulation tens of thousands of times.  The reality is that there is a strong deterministic element to social and economic structures from generation to generation which require exceptional policy interventions or extraordinary players/people to overcome.
What is not permitted in Islam is the practice of making unethical or immoral monetary loans that unfairly enrich the lender. Originally, usury meant interest of any kind. A loan may be considered usurious because of excessive or abusive interest rates or other factors. But In case of financial markets, people borrow money to make money and both parties benefits, and no one is taking advantage of the other. I may be wrong in interpreting this way, God knows the best.
"Usually it makes sense to invest in individual companies when you're investing in a ""hot"" sector. Secular funds have their own risks that can be difficult to measure. First Solar is one of the premier PV players. The fund gives you a false sense of diversification. If you bought a mutual fund in 2000 in the computer space, you'd have pieces of HP, Dell, Apple, IBM, EMC, Cisco, Intel etc. Did the sector perform the same as the companies in it? Nooo. As for renewable energy, IMO that ship has sailed for the ""pure play"" renewable stocks. I'd look at undervalued companies with exposure to renewables that haven't been hyped up. (or included in a sector mutual fund) Examples for this area?  The problem with this sector is that the industry is dependent on government subsidies, and the state of government budgets make that a risky play. Proceed with caution!"
Yes, but should you be even trying to get a mortgage if you can't aford at least a 5% deposit? Prove you do want the house by doing without a new car for a few years...
Geloman Indian Spares provide the best Indian motocycle spare parts and its redesign service in the United States. We have also an online store, Where you can take all Indian Motocycle spares parts online.The online system is very simple, which convenient and helps you to save you a lot of time. Our web stores have outstanding purchasing and distribution spare parts services and this can be a plus aspect if you have a motocycle.
1) The easy way is to find a job and they will assign you an SSN.  2) Here's the hard way.  If you're Canadian, open a TD Boarderless account in the U.S.  Put a small investment into any investment that would generate some type of income, such as capital gain, dividends, interest and etc...  Then you will need to file a US tax return to declare your income if you receive U.S. tax slips (although you're likely below the min filing requirement) at year end.  To file a U.S. tax return, you may  need what's called an ITIN or individual tax id number.  With the ITIN, you can get credit from the US TD boarderless account (only).  Consider getting a prepaid US credit card with the TD account to futher build credit at that specific bank.  It's not much credit, but you do start with creating a history.
I'll point out that you don't actually have to pay your income taxes on time, just make sure to file on time.  You will be charged interest (currently 5% ann., compounded daily).  This is no big deal, I know plenty of people who do this. Note that if they pay you interest you have to report it on your taxes, but if you pay them it's not deductible.
"This functionality is widely available, not only on brokerage sites, but also financial management and even financial information sites.  For instance, two of the latter are Google Finance and Yahoo Finance.  If you are logged in, they let you create ""portfolios"" listing your stocks and, optionally, the size of your holdings in that stock (which you don't need if you are just ""watching"" a stock).  Then you can visit the site at any time and see the current valuations."
[Image](https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/physicists.png)  [Mobile](https://m.xkcd.com/793/)  **Title:** Physicists  **Title-text:** If you need some help with the math, let me know, but that should be enough to get you started\! Huh? No, I don't need to read your thesis, I can imagine roughly what it says\.  [Comic Explanation](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php/793#Explanation)  **Stats:** This comic has been referenced 236 times, representing 0.1464% of referenced xkcds.  --- ^[xkcd.com](https://www.xkcd.com) ^| ^[xkcd sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd/) ^| ^[Problems/Bugs?](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd_transcriber/) ^| ^[Statistics](http://xkcdref.info/statistics/) ^| ^[Stop Replying](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=ignore%20me&amp;message=ignore%20me) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=delete&amp;message=delete%20t1_dja0gkv)
Nope, think what a nightmare that would be, a bunch of shares would be issued and then sold to tonnes of people, who might sell various partial numbers of them to others, who might buy them and others from 20 others all as part of one order though multiple fills... It would be nuts, and if one were to issue a certificate with the IDs of shares that were carried through such a process the likelihood is the fragmentation would be so great that 100K shares would have consist of almost as many fragments! Imagine a share certificate with 70K IDs/ranges? Yikes!
"As a former regional airline pilot, I don't know of any commerical airliners that takeoff automatically.  Although, it's something that I'm sure could be implemented pretty easily.  However, autoland is a feature used very frequently on many commercial aircraft.  As the top-voted comment said, ""not in your lifetime."""
"&gt; We've been deficit spending for generations and we're trillions in the hole, and that's the psychological issue hanging over our heads.  Let's unpack that a bit. What does ""trillions in the hole"" actually mean for the *issuer* of the dollar? It means that the issuer at various points has to redeem its own interest-bearing dollars (treasuries) for its own non-interest bearing dollars (reserves/notes/coins). That's not a hole. That's moving a balance from the savings account to the checking account at the same bank.  You don't think of your savings account balance as the bank being ""in the hole"" for checking account balances. You implicitly understand that the bank simply marks down the number in one account and marks up the number in the other and you don't fret that the bank might ""run out"" of checking account balances.  Treasuries have this same relationship to reserves. Not similar, not analogous to but the same. Treasury securities are literally interest-bearing accounts at the federal reserve. Reserves are literally demand accounts at the federal reserve. When a treasury matures, a treasury securities account is marked down, a reserve account is marked up. When a treasury is issued, a treasury securities account is marked up and a reserve account is marked down.  What you're thinking of as trillions ""in the hole"" is just trillions in a savings account balance.  That's what it means to have ""debt"" in a currency that you are the *issuer* of and why foreign-denominated debt is fundamentally different.  &gt;so we can design a system that will keep inflation low while we dump money into the economy  We already have that. There's no inflation monster under the bed. If there's an inflation problem it's that we're so paranoid about it we're not putting *enough* money into the economy and so inflicting unnecessary misery on ourselves.  &gt; the issue in my mind with dumping money while the debt situation is such a concern, is that speculators could sh*t the bed and devalue our currency  There's nothing a speculator can do vs a sovereign currency that the issuing central bank can't offset. So if you are a sovereign and the issuing central bank is within and beneath your authority, you have the last word and there's no such thing as bond vigilantes.  In contrast, if you take on sovereign obligations denominated in currencies where the issuing central bank sits outside your authority as is the case when you borrow/peg to foreign currency or enter a monetary union like the euro, you become just another currency user. Here, your government actually is kinda like a household and can go broke *in that foreign currency*.  Consider how that perspective sheds light on the ""mystery"" of why some countries actually experience a debt crisis and others don't. Why contrary to all the scaremongering, someplace like Japan for example can have 200% debt:GDP *and* near zero interest rates *and* no sovereign debt crisis. It's because Japan issues the yen, *sets* the interest rate on the yen and can't run out of yen.  People who don't understand this are what gave the [widowmaker](http://www.businessinsider.com/hedge-funds-feeling-confident-about-the-widowmaker-trade-in-japan-2012-12) its name. :) Time after time they line up to place bets on japanese government bond crisis, they're always wrong and always will be."
"For starters, the risk-free rate has nothing to do with stocks.  It would be independent of anything.  It pays out the same return in all states of nature.  The definition of a risk-free asset is that regardless of how the universe turns out, including a meteor striking the Earth killing everyone but the recipient, then the payout would happen exactly as planned.  One could imagine a computer still being on, connected to a power supply and printing a check.  Most people use the 90-day t-bill as the risk-free rate.  A beta greater than one implies it is more volatile than the market, not that it moves more perfectly. The CAPM should not be used for this.  Cryptocurrencies should not be used with this model because they have valuation dynamics related to the new issue of coins.  In other words, they have non-market price movements as well as market price movements. In general, you should not use the CAPM because it doesn't work empirically.  It is famous, but it is also wrong.  A scientific hypothesis that is not supported by the data is a bad idea.  My strong recommendation is that you read ""The Intelligent Investor,"" by Benjamin Graham.  It was last published in 1972, and it is still being printed.  I believe Warren Buffett wrote the current forward for it.  Always go where the data supports you and never anywhere else, no matter how elegant. Finally, unless you are doing this like a trip to Vegas, for fun and willing to take the losses, I would avoid cryptocurrencies because you don't know what you are doing yet.  It is obvious from the posting.  I have multiple decades working in every type of financial institution and at every level, bottom to top.  I also have a doctorate, and I am an incredible researcher.  I am professionally qualified in three different disciplines. If you want to learn how to do this, start with the ""Intelligent Investor.""  Get a basic book on accounting and learn basic accounting.  Pick up economics textbooks at least through ""Intermediate"" for both microeconomics and macroeconomics.  Get William Bolstad's book ""Introduction to Bayesian Statistics.""  You will need them for reasons that go very far beyond this post.  Trust me; you want to master that book.  Find a statistician and ask them to teach it to you as a special topics course.  It will help you as both either a Marine officer or a Naval officer.  Then after that pick up a copy of ""Security Analysis.""  Either the 1943 copy (yes it is in print) by Benjamin Graham if you feel good about accounting, or the 1987 copy by Cottle under the Graham/Dodd imprimatur.  Then, if you are still interested in cryptocurrencies and they will be blasé by then, then pick up an economics textbook on money.  If I were you, I would learn about Yap money, commodity money, and prison money first, then you might understand why a cryptocurrency may not be an investment for you."
"Instead of using the actual index, use a mutual fund as a proxy for the index. Mutual funds will include dividend income, and usually report data on the value of a ""hypothetical $10,000 investment"" over the life of the fund. If you take those dollar values and normalize them, you should get what you want. There are so many different factors that feed into general trends that it will be difficult to draw conclusions from this sort of data. Things like news flow, earnings reporting periods, business cycles, geopolitical activity, etc all affect the various sectors of the economy differently."
Most readers probably know that an acronym is an invented word made up   of the initial letters or syllables of other words, like NASA or NATO.   Fewer probably know that an initialism is a type of acronym that   cannot be pronounced as a word, but must be read letter-by-letter,   like FBI or UCLA. A quote from Daily Writing Tips. CAGR is an initialism, and should not be pronounced.
The new generation is all busy in themselves and their work making it really hard for them to communicate with their family members or friends. The divorce rate is today’s generation is quite high and one of the major reasons of the same is two people not giving time to each other.
I'm having a difficult time understanding how Chevron is avoiding taxes through party related loans. From my understanding, Chevron is providing loans to its Australian subsidiary at interest rates higher than market benchmarks. Does this shift profits from Australia to the U.S. and how does it help Chevron avoid taxes even though the corporate tax rate is higher in the U.S. than in Australia? Wouln't they want to be taxed at the the lower tax rate in Australia than in the U.S.? The more description the better, thanks! Edit: I think I understand that Chevron is giving out large loans with high interest rates to its subsidiary in Australia and I think the Australian subsidiary is converting its revenues to pay back the loan thus looking like profit in the corporation's books in Delaware. How is the money to pay back interest being raised if not from revenue? And how is that revenue not being taxed?
"**Planned obsolescence**  Planned obsolescence, or built-in obsolescence, in industrial design and economics is a policy of planning or designing a product with an artificially limited useful life, so it will become obsolete (that is, unfashionable or no longer functional) after a certain period of time. The rationale behind the strategy is to generate long-term sales volume by reducing the time between repeat purchases (referred to as ""shortening the replacement cycle"").  Producers that pursue this strategy believe that the additional sales revenue it creates more than offsets the additional costs of research and development and opportunity costs of existing product line cannibalization. In a competitive industry, this is a risky strategy because when consumers catch on to this, they may decide to buy from competitors instead.  ***  **Artificial demand**  Artificial demand constitutes demand for something that, in the absence of exposure to the vehicle of creating demand, would not exist. It has controversial applications in microeconomics (pump and dump strategy) and advertising.  A demand is usually seen as artificial when it increases consumer utility very inefficiently; for example, a physician prescribing unnecessary surgeries would create artificial demand. Government spending with the primary purpose of providing jobs (rather than deliverying any other end product) has been labelled ""artificial demand"".  ***  **Artificial scarcity**  Artificial scarcity describes the scarcity of items even though either the technology and production, or sharing capacity exists to create a theoretically limitless abundance, as well as the use of laws to create scarcity where otherwise there wouldn't be. The most common causes are monopoly pricing structures, such as those enabled by laws that restrict competition or by high fixed costs in a particular marketplace. The inefficiency associated with artificial scarcity is formally known as a deadweight loss.  ***  **Perverse incentive**  A perverse incentive is an incentive that has an unintended and undesirable result which is contrary to the interests of the incentive makers. Perverse incentives are a type of negative unintended consequence or cobra effect.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.27"
You would need to pay taxes in India on your salary. It is not relevant whether the funds are received as INR or GBP. The taxes would be as per normal tax brackets. Note that if your company is not deducting any taxes, you would need to keep paying Advance Taxes as per schedule, else there would be penalty. Depending on your contract with the UK Company, there are certain expenses you can claim. For example laptop / net connection / etc if these are not already reimbursed. Consult a CA and he would advise you more on any tax saving opportunity.
Genius?  Maybe if you have never traveled the [world](https://www.google.com/search?q=japanese+sink+over+toilet&amp;client=opera&amp;hs=EyV&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjI_PjghI_XAhXK-lQKHdmTCkgQ_AUICygC&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=981).  This concept has been around forever.  While this is innovative in (slow traffic) homes, this doesn't work well on a urinal or in high traffic areas because now you have to provide soap per urinal and double the time at each urinal.
You typically need to specify that you want the GTC order to be working during the Extended hours session. I trade on TD Ameritrade's Thinkorswim platform, and you can select DAY, GTC, EXT or GTC_EXT. So in your case, you would select GTC_EXT.
Dude- my background is in banking specifically dealing with these scenarios. Take my advice-look for a balance transfer offer-credit card at 0%. Your cost of capital is your good credit, this is your leverage. Why pay 4.74% when you can pay 0%. Find a credit card company with a balance transfer option for 0%. Pay no interest, and own the car outright. Places to start; check the mail, or check your bank, or check local credit unions. Some credit unions are very relaxed for membership, and ask if they have zero percent balance transfers. Good Luck!
"I'll skip the ""authorizing...."" and go right to uses of new shares: Companies need stock as another liquid asset for a variety of purposes, and if not enough stock is available, then may be forced to the open market to acquire, either by exchanging cash or taking on debt to get the cash."
"Great post - awesome pictures, and I'd love to see some more photos from the markets near you.  Not too sure about the implication that ""you can make money if you know what you are doing with these counterfeit products..."""
Lots of places in the US do it.  Although the way that they usually phrase it is 'prices reflect a x.x% discount for cash' since most of the credit card companies have an agreement that says you cannot charge a surcharge if someone is using a credit card.  So they get around it by giving a discount for cash.   effect is the same, but it skirts the letter of the agreement
Fulfillment Services San Jose - We strive for accuracy, quality and quick turnaround time on all mail projects. With the ever changing Postal regulations, California Mailing is here to help you with your direct mail campaigns and insure that you receive all postage discounts available.
The Canadian bid is really good, I read parts of it.  It lays out why Canada is fundamentally better by having all the right things covered.  Basically the other areas are having to use tax breaks and incentives to make up for fundamentally bad business environments.  It opens with a letter from Justin Trudeau with “Dear Jeff”.
You generally need to use the prepaid debit card in the form it is received. Many don't allow you to remove the money from them at an ATM. If you can find out the prepaid debit card brand ahead of time, this would tell you whether or not it can be used at an ATM. For example, MoneyPass does allow ATM access for its prepaid debit cards. You could always try asking your employer to choose one that specifically allows for ATM access.  Source: https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/banking/prepaid-debit-cards-what-you-should-know/
"Real estate is not a good investment.  In fact, it's easy to make a case for it being the worst possible investment imaginable: Imagine over a cup or coffee or a glass of wine we get to talking   about investments. Then maybe one of us, let’s say you, says: “Hey I’ve got an idea. We’re always talking about good investments.   What if we came up with the worst possible investment we can   construct? What might that look like?” Well, let’s see now (pulling out our lined yellow pad), let’s make a   list. To be really terrible: -- Why Your House Is A Terrible Investment There are plenty of good reasons to own a home, but the key word there is ""home"".  Owning housing as an investment property is a horrible idea, and anyone who does it, especially right now with as bubbly as the market is looking again, (or, better put, still, since the last bubble never did fully pop and clear out the underlying systemic instability,) is an idiot. And even after the current housing market bubble pops, it's likely to remain a bad idea for decades.  We're never getting the early 2000s back, for basic supply-and-demand reasons: with the Baby Boom generation retiring, aging and dying off, they're not likely to do much more home-buying, and no generation after them is as big as they are, which means a glut of oversupply and weak demand for the entirety of the foreseeable future."
"It's people like her that get upset that the Levi jeans in her hands are not marked down by the Lee jeans coupon and then gets into an argument with the cashier who eventually gets a manager involved to get an override because the ""customer's always right"". All while the other customers are waiting in line looking to the next closed register for a way out.  ""$300 for $30!"""
"As a former computer engineer turned Finance guy, I'll attest that Matlab (or even R) are immensely better analytic tools than Excel/VBA. Excel and VBA are ""good enough"" if all you're going to do is cookie-cutter DCF analysis (...lame), but if you want to do any advanced monte carlo simulations or something that requires more than a few dozen iterations, you're going to need a sturdy mathematical programming language. Excel is nothing but a kiddie toy compared to those. Additionally, everyone and their dog knows Excel and VBA, adding Matlab or R to your resume definitely boosts your appeal to employers.  I prefer Matlab, but R is free and open-source so it's much more widely available. They both have similar syntax."
For reporting to the IRS, every bank account has a primary tax ID number associated with it. When there are multiple joint owners, they  (the owners) usually pick a person at random to be the primary, unless there is a large amount of interest involved, in which case I would suggest consulting a tax attorney. As for the online banking, it depends on your institution's software. My institution allows every individual to have a separate ID; if this is important to you (and it would be to me), then look for another bank that offers it.
A gift between spouses has no tax implications.  If one spouse dies the inheritance tax is always zero no matter how much of the estate passes to the surviving spouse. Gift taxes are actually related to estate taxes, so a gift no matter how large never requires filing any tax forms or paying any taxes.
According to your post, you bought seven shares of VBR at $119.28 each on August 23rd.  You paid €711,35.  Now, on August 25th, VBR is worth $120.83.  So you have  But you want to know what you have in EUR, not USD.  So if I ask Google how much $845.81 is in EUR, it says €708,89.  That's even lower than what you're seeing.   It looks like USD has fallen in value relative to EUR.  So while the stock price has increased in dollar terms, it has fallen in euro terms.  As a result, the value that you would get in euros if you sold the stock has fallen from the price that you paid.   Another way of thinking about this is that your price per share was €101,72 and is now €101,33.  That's actually a small drop.   When you buy and sell in a different currency that you don't actually want, you add the currency risk to your normal risk.  Maybe that's what you want to do.  Or maybe you would be better off sticking to euro-denominated investments.   Usually you'd do dollar-denominated investments if some of your spending was in dollars.  Then if the dollar goes up relative to the euro, your investment goes up with it.  So you can cash out and make your purchases in dollars without adding extra money.   If you make all your purchases in euros, I would normally recommend that you stick to euro-denominated investments.  The underlying asset might be in the US, but your fund could still be in Europe and list in euros.   That's not to say that you can't buy dollar-denominated investments with euros.  Clearly you can.  It's just that it adds currency risk to the other risks of the investment.  Unless you deliberately want to bet that USD will rise relative to EUR, you might not want to do that.   Note that USD may rise over the weekend and put you back in the black.  For that matter, even if USD continues to fall relative to the EUR, the security might rise more than that.  I have no opinion on the value of VBR.  I don't actually know what that is, as it doesn't matter for the points I was making.  I'm not saying to sell it immediately.  I'm saying that you might prefer euro-denominated investments when you buy in the future.  Again, unless you are taking this particular risk deliberately.
"403b plans are used by school districts, colleges and universities, nonprofit hospitals, charitable foundations and the like for their employees while 401k plans are used by most everybody else. I would suspect that a school district etc can use a 401k plan instead of a 403b plan if it chooses to do so, but the reverse direction is most likely forbidden: a (for-profit) company cannot use a 403b plan. One difference between a 403b plan and a 401k plan is that the employer can choose to offer, and the employee can choose to purchase, stock in the company inside the 401k plan. This option obviously is not available to charities etc. which don't issue stock. Your comment that the 403b plan invests solely in (variable) annuities suggests that the plan administrator is an insurance company  and that the employer is moving to more ""modern"" version that allows investments in mutual funds and the like. Forty years ago, my 403b plan was like that; the only investment choice was an annuity, but some time in the 1980s, the investment choices were broadened to include mutual funds (possibly because the 1986 Tax Reform Act changed the rules governing 403b plans).  So, are you sure that your employer is changing from a 403b plan to a 401k plan, or is it just a change of 403b plan administrator from the insurance company to another administrator who offers investment choices other than an annuity? Note, of course, that insurance companies have changed their options too. For example, TIAA (the Teachers' Insurance and Annuity Association) which was the 403b plan administrator for many schools and colleges became TIAA/CREF (College Retirement Equities Fund) where the CREF mutual funds actually were pretty good investments."
An oxymoron is something that contradicts itself. Inside trading is sharing information that isn't public. How the fuck do you think these hedge funds and investment banks can offer almost 50% returns during these times in our economy??? Oh yea it's called inside trading. Reason why it's an oxymoron is because trading information is considered ilegal yet that what everyone does on the market, rules are made to give off fear but past that it's all open roads and deep pockets.    And if you really don't believe that stock market isn't rigged then there is no reason for me to explain myself on that because it would be like taking to a wall. And I thank you for being one of those people that thinks it's not rigged because you help my portfolio look good from your dumb investments.
"This sound like a very bad idea. If you invest exclusively in silver, your investment is not diversified in any way. This is what I would call risky. Have a look at index funds and ETFs and build a diversified portfolio. It does not take much time, and you don't need to let it do by someone else. They are risky too, but I see ""silver only"" as much riskier. You reduce the risk by holding on to the funds for a long time."
I don't like paying the percentage on the supermarket coin counters, and don't feel like buying a coin counter so I have my own solution. I keep higher value coins for vending machines, parking meters etc, and lower value coins I put in charity boxes.
A couple of thoughts from someone who's kind of been there... Is the business viable at all? A lot of people do miss the jumping-off point where the should stop throwing good money after bad and just pull the plug on the business. If the business is not that viable, then selling it might not be an option. If the business is still viable (and I'd get advice from a good accountant on this) then I'd be tempted to try and pull through to until I'd get a good offer for the business. Don't just try to sell it for any price because times are bad if it's self-sustaining and hopefully makes a little profit. I does sound like their business is on the up again and if that's a trend and not a fluke, IMHO pouring more energy into (not money) would be the way to go. Don't make the mistake of buying high and selling low, so to speak. I'm also a little confused re their house - do they own it or do they still owe money on it? If they owe money on it, how are they making their payments? If they close the business, do they have enough income to make the payments still? Before they find another job, even if it's just a part-time job? As to paying off their debts or at least helping with paying them off, I'd only do that if I was in a financial position to gift them the money; anything else is going to wreak havoc with the family dynamics (including co-signing debt for them) and everybody will wish they didn't go there. Ask me how I know. Re debt consolidation, I don't think it's going to do much for them, apart from costing them more money for something they could do themselves. Bankruptcy - well, are they bankrupt or are they looking for the get-out-of-debt-free card? Sorry to be so blunt, but if they're so deep in the hole that they truly have no chance whatsoever to pay off their debt ever, then they're bankrupt. From what you're saying they're able to make the minimum payments they're not really what I'd consider bankrupt... Are your parents on a budget? As duffbeer703 said, depending on how much money the business is making they should be able to pay off the debt within a reasonable amount of time (which again doesn't make them bankrupt).
My understanding it that the signature requirement is at the retailer's discretion. If the merchant decides to require a signature it protects them against fraudulent charge-back claims, but increases their administrative costs. In some situations it just isn't practical for a retailer to require a signature. Consider for example mail-order or online purchases, which I've never had to sign a credit card slip for.
I'm curious what the number is when you factor in the stress and lost time doing things you would enjoy rather than laundry, cleaning and driving around. Considering the environmental and political status of the world, I see no reason to have children other than selfish ones.
&gt;This problem could be fixed by having fewer MBAs leading companies, and more engineers and scientists.  This is funny. There's only 1 MBA on that list, but he also attended the School of Engineering at Duke University
Businesses have since quite a while ago utilized some type of a conventional chain of importance structure to work. This framework includes representatives answering to director's Business Business administrations who at that point have their own particular managers et cetera. Most representatives are acclimated to this structure. Given the quick pace and aggressive nature of the business world, organizations are exceedingly intrigued by advancements that will separate them.
I went to lunch at one a few years ago and it ended up being around $15 with tax and tip.  Lunch was mostly bread products.  Stuff I could have cooked at home for under $2.  Total ripoff.  Also, local mom and pop restaurants have $6-$8 lunch specials.  The food is ten times better and you can get out for $5 less.   There's a good reason why the BWW parking lot is usually empty.
But what about the following scenario which is my paraphrasing of a Nanex article (I'm hoping you can help clarify this for me).  1. I observe a 1,000 lot @$10 advertised for Sell on a lit exchange.  2. I try to lift the 1,000 by placing a limit order @10.  3. My order goes through some kind of order routing process. First, 3 orders get executed on a dark pool. Let's say I got a 50 lot filled (so available offer reduces to 950).  4. My order hits a lit exchange. I get a partial fill for 100 (offer shrinks to 850); but the offered size shrinks instead to 500. Or 0.  5. Now, in order to execute my trade, I will have to take a higher price than the original advertised liquidity.  My question (maybe you can answer this) is why did my original order size of 1,000 appear in smaller blocks? Is this because the order routing algorithm breaks up the size?  Or is it that market makers only post offers in small block sizes (e.g. 100) So even if the order book looked like:  100 @ 10  100 @ 10  100 @ 10  100 @ 10  100 @ 10  100 @ 10  All the way to 1,000 total -- as soon as the first 100 shares were lifted, the MM can immediately cancel the remainder of the advertised liquidity -- in practical terms making it impossible to execute large orders at an advertised price.
And the card companies not only don't seem to care, they actively try to prevent public knowledge of the issue. I think Mythbusters was going to do a show about it, and on of the companies told Discovery they'd pull their large ad campaign if the show was aired.
When Eddie Lampert took over, he boasted that people didn't care about crap like that if it meant lower prices. They spend something like 1/4 or 1/8 on store maintenance as everyone else does. So now only does that show, they still can't beat walmarts pricing.
CD laddering is funding a few CDs in succession. For instance: for 6 months, each month you open up a 6 month CD (rather than  opening up one big one). Doing this will give you monthly interest payments as each month a CD will reach maturity (after 6 months). At that time you can choose to roll over the principal in a new CD and keep the interest, reinvest all, etc etc etc. You still get the benefits (higher rates) that CDs offer, but with greater flexibility and more frequent interest payouts. The only downside that I'm aware off is that you may end up with a slightly lower overall interest rate.
If only SOMEONE would make a decent android with a blackberry-style keyboard, RIM could die a more honorable and fast death.  I'm still using an old BB and the only reason I'm holding off on buying the Blackberry Bold 9930 (the one with the half-height touchscreen) is because I'm afraid the company is about to go out of business.  The Blackberry Bold 9930 is what they should have released years ago instead of their parade of dumbassery that was the Storm, the Torch, the Playbook, and now a new BBOS 10 phone WITH NO FUCKING KEYBOARD!!!  Are they insane!?
The simplest way to handle this would be to buy money orders, make them out to the charities, and leave your name off them.  Money orders don't require you to put your name on them, just the name of whoever they're being paid to.  You can mail them with no return address as well if you're sure you have the charity's proper mailing address.   This way you can still feel good about giving and leave no trace of who you are for anyone to use for future marketing. I hope this helps. Good luck!
There is no accounting reason that it should be different, there are likely psychological reasons that it should be, however. Assuming that you live in a western country with good banking regulation, you likely have deposit insurance or a similar scheme.  Here in Canada we are covered up to $100,000 in a single account with various limitations.  At least my rainy-day account plus savings is nowhere near that, so I'm good to go. That said, however, having a large lump of money in an account you regularly use may tempt you more than you can stand.  That iPad, car, home improvement, etc., might be too easy to buy knowing you have relatively easy access to that money. So it really becomes a self-discipline question. Good Luck
Aaah, okay that makes much more sense now. Thank you for clarifying.  I completely see what you mean. And I second a lot of what you just said. You didn’t exactly answer my question but that’s okay — I very much enjoyed what you’ve said anyways and it was interesting to hear your opinion and thoughts on such a matter. Thanks :)
Given that utilizing all the funds available to you drains your retirement and leaves you with very little cushion for unforeseen events (as already noted), it may be best to use a smaller amount for closing and just deal with the PMI for a couple years. PMI is likely less than the taxes/penalties incurred from withdrawing a full 20% + closing costs. Let alone the lost earning on the accounts (above your mortgage interest rate); but personally I think the stability of significant home equity is worth more than anticipated stock gains. I would recommend pulling enough to buy the house comfortably without dipping too deeply in any one area, while still paying down your balance to where you can eliminate PMI quickly (say 2-3 years). Your limits for each account are approximately: Roth IRAs:  Traditional IRAs: Brokerage (non-retirement): Checking: Things to consider:   If you are current on your payments, you can request PMI removal once your loan-to-value drops below 80% - it also terminates automatically when it is scheduled to drop below 78% (not if it actually has). Many loans have a 2 year minimum PMI period though, regardless of your Loan To Value (LTV) changes. LTV changes could be from:
The Company M/s. I-Lace Fashion (Pvt) Ltd., was established on August 2007, as a leading exporter of Leather Garments and Textile Made-ups from Pakistan. It is part of a group of companies &amp; the group is primarily engaged in the exportation of Textile, Fabrics, Garments, Bed Sheets, and Leather Jackets since 1984.  I-Lace Fashion (Pvt) Ltd., is a quality conscious company and has a well-defined policy of provision of quality products at competitive market prices. Company pursues aggressive product marketing &amp; is always endeavoring to explore new markets. The success of the marketing efforts is because of the policy of the company to maintain consistent quality of the products at low cost.
There is a much simpler explanation. Resources unlike human labor are scarce. As we use up resources the price for these resources rises. In an effort to keep prices low, wages are not increased. This leads to effectively less spending income. Automation and advancement only slow the process. Labor is in no short supply, the price of labor will continue to fall in order to keep the price of final goods lower.
"If you've already got emergency savings sufficient for your needs, I agree that you'd be better served by sending that $500 to your student loan(s). I, personally, house the bulk of my emergency savings in CDs because I'm not planning to touch it and it yields a little better than a vanilla savings account. To address the comment about liquidity.  In addition to my emergency savings I keep plain vanilla savings accounts for miscellaenous sudden expenses.  To me ""emergency"" means lost job, not new water pump for my car; I have other budgeted savings for that but would spend it on a credit card and reimburse myself anyway so liquidity there isn't even that important.   The 18 month CDs I use are barely less liquid than vanilla savings and the penalty is just a couple months of the accrued interest.  When you compare a possible early distribution penalty against the years of increased yield you're likely to come out ahead after years of never touching your emergency savings, unless you're budgeted such that a car insurance deductible is an emergency expense. Emergency funds should be guaranteed and non-volatile.  If I lose my job, 90 days of accrued interest isn't a hindrance to breaking open some of my CDs, and the process isn't so daunting that I'd meaningfully harm my finances. Liquidity in 2017 and liquidity in whatever year a text book was initially written are two totally different animals.  My ""very illiquid"" brokerage account funds are only one transaction and 3 settlement days less liquid than my ""very liquid"" savings account.  There's no call the bank, sell the security, wait for it to clear, my brokerage cuts a check, mail the check, cash the check, etc.  I can go from Apple stock on Monday to cash in my hand on like Thursday.  On the web portal for the bank that holds my CDs I can instantly transfer the funds from a CD to my checking account there net of a negligible penalty for early distribution.  To call CDs illiquid in 2017 is silly."
I've yet to meet an illegal making a shit wage. So yeah not rally. People don't want to do construction because it's brutal work and working for apple as a programmer pays 3x to be inside and not in 110 degree heat.
Don't have access to a Bloomberg, Eikon ect terminal but I was wondering if those that do know of any functions that show say, the percentage of companies (in different Mcap ranges) held by differing rates institutionally. For example - if I wanted to compare what percentage of small cap companies' shares are 75% or more held by institutions relative to large cap companies what could I search in the terminal?
Take a look at Transferwise. I find them good for currency conversions and paying people in India from a US bank account.
I think it depends on how much time I am saving and what I am saving doing.  I do not go out of my way to save a few pennies on gas.  But If i know that I will be traveling somewhere with cheaper gas anyway I will wait to get there to fill up.  But I if I need gas before there I will fill up at the place i stop rather than just getting enough to go to the new location.    I heard it best said as being dollar smart instead of dime foolish.  Going out of your way for gas like this is dime foolish.  On the other hand if you can bundle your trip to the store nearby or other tasks it certianly adds to the value.
I will never tip an Uber driver unless it's something seriously extraordinary. I've used it for a while and still do and the prices are the same. I've talked to many, many drivers and they all talk about the money they make and the hours they work. No thanks, there's no way I'm going to start doing that all the sudden and I'm not going to feel guilty for not either. This was a big part of why I liked Uber in the first place.
Is the government really spending your money in such a good way that you want to give them more of it? They spend huge proportion of tax money on fighting wars and imprisoning people. I'd rather have my money. But if you're really convinced that taxes are such a great idea then convince me. Show me some evidence.
"What in the world to shareholders have to do with it?  Nowadays, the vast majority of the shares in most big corporations are ""owned"" via intermediaries (i.e. mutual funds and 401K's, IRA's and Pension Funds) that do not ALLOW the actual end owners to have any say whatsoever.  All those investment vehicles *allow* people to care about ... is the share price."
I will be general. It's more fun.  If everyone in auto manufacturing labor was replaced by a cheap robot tomorrow, then cars would be cheaper. Those of us who buy cars at 50% less could spend that on video games and facelifts. All the auto laborers could make more money doing less labor in the video game and plastic surgery business, robot manufacturing, and robot programming. Others could tailor the robots for other industries, making money there.  If there is less menial labor to be done, then more meaningful and productive work can be done in its place.  In other words, when the cheap, undesirable jobs are made more productive, the product price goes down and that money is spent somewhere else.  On the other hand, if we want to go with much lower productivity, we could all spend an average of 12 hours a day 7 days a week (or the equivalent) obtaining food and shelter. After all, with less productivity, everything takes more labor and more time, and we would have to do without many of the luxuries we take for granted. But everybody could be working really hard.
"Calculating beta is finding the correlation between the dependent variable, MSCI world benchmark, and the independent variable, your companies. If you know how to run liner regression models, run each company as the independent variable with the dependent MSCI. You can use Excel to gather this result (Y = MSCI price change at closing hour while X = company stock price closing prince). Running the regression will give you the Beta (and alpha when doing portfolios); which (from linear algebra) is the ""m"" in y = mx + b"
Well I'd argue both are sleezy and undesirable, but I'd much rather have the state do it than unregulated firms. The state sponsors anti-addiction campaigns paid for in part from lottery revenues, and excess profits can go towards education and healthcare.   It's inefficient, especially with all the bloated bureaucracy, so we need to be vigilant towards state enterprises, but it's still better than the private sector running these sketchy markets.
&gt;If businesses cannot turn a profit while paying for a healthy minimum wage, they are bad for the economy and deserve to die.  Tell that to all the minimum wage workers that would lose their jobs and deny most of them the ability to get back on the jobs ladder at all.  Also tell that to the taxpayers that now have to pay 100% of their social burden, instead of maybe 20% in the minimum wage job situation.  The sentiment you express is absolute, unabashed economic violence against the poor and the taxpayer.  Both lose in your proposal.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
"TL;DR summary: 0% balance transfer offers and ""free checks usable anywhere""   rarely are a good deal for the customer. 0% rate balance transfer offers (and the checks usable anywhere including payment of taxes) come with a transaction fee because the credit card company is paying off the balance on the other card (or the tax or the electric bill) in the full amount of $X as stated on the other card statement or on the tax/electric bill). This is in contrast to a purchase transaction where if you buy something for $X, you pay the card company $X but the card company pays the merchant something less than $X$. (Of course, the merchant has jacked up the sale price of the item to pass on the charge to you.) Can you get the credit card company to waive the transaction fee? You can try asking them but it is unlikely that you will succeed if your credit score is good! I have seen balance transfer offers with no transaction fees made to people who have don't have good credit scores and are used to carrying a balance  on their credit cards. I assume that the company making the offer knows that it will make up the transaction fee from future interest payments. A few other points to keep in mind with respect to using a 0% balance transfer offer to pay off a student loan (or anything else for that matter):"
There's a lot of foreign small and big businesses - as well as foreign individuals - that would love to invest in India.  But they can't because of the strict regulations and outright prohibitions on foreigners.  And instead of tearing down barriers to entry, Indian government is introducing more protectionist measures (as cheap goods come from China and Indian businesses can't compete despite cheaper labor force.)    I don't know the answer to India's problems.  I don't know what's going to happen.  But I agree with the Infosys guy:  India is no China and will not see that sort of success anytime soon.  Sure, India is gaining ground every year, but to even catch up to China of today, it is going to take decades.
Much information comes from this source. Your tags say you are in New York. New York security deposit law requires that you store the security deposit in a banking institution. Additionally, the deposit must be stored in a separate account, not your own personal account. If the lease is for six months or more, the money must be stored in an interest-bearing account, though this is apparently not necessary if the property has fewer than six units. Investing the money in e.g. a mutual fund would probably be illegal, and would be a bad idea anyway. If your investment turns out not to be profitable, you'd have to make up the difference. Security deposits are meant to be deposits, not investments. Besides, you have to pay interest on the deposit to your tenant; any interest over 1% must be given back to the tenant.
yes, and how is it not a monopoly? if someone owns a piece of forest, doesn't he have a monopoly on it? or are you saying he would have to own _all_ forest in the universe for this to be true?
I agree with the article, but one thing I wonder about: how much is driving suppressed because of the relative high price of gasoline and the relative lack of fuel efficiency in cars? In other words, are we going to put more cars on the road and drive on average more km per yr per if we have a sort of quantum leap in fuel efficiency? Not necessarily a bad thing, but perhaps something that makes achieving foreign oil independence a bit harder than we might think.
"Yeah. This shorting the box nonsense is an extremely expensive way to capture downside. If I just drop $1000 on a long-dated out-of-the-money put I have significantly more downside exposure for much much less than the [100 X $160 - (call premium)]. That's like 16 grand dude!!! It does keep you more delta neutral, but still, stupid way to go about it, especially if you are concerned about ""cheap""."
Um, no?  The business pretty clearly laid out what it expects out of its employees, and what it expects is illegal. You can't hire on the basis of religion, period. It's not even a he said/she said, the business already admits what it does, and based on its members it's quite easy to prove. If this were an atheist that was just trying to ping the business because they hire on religion that's one thing.  But this guy WAS a Christian, he just wasn't Christian ENOUGH. That's excuse enough in my book to nail them.
I always thought high-risk investing is hit or miss, but this is working out very well with the stocks I've chosen  High risk investing IS hit and miss.  We are in an historic bull market.  Do not pat yourself on the back too hard, the bear can be around any corner and your high risk strategy will then be put to the test.
"I see this as a silly question.  Neither country will become ""dominant"".  They're both mid-sized resource-based economies, and that won't change any time soon.  Australia has more copper, cattle, and gold, but Canada has more oil, wheat, potash, and timber.  The resource sectors in both economies will continue to thrive, unless the world economy tanks."
I personally do not buy any those so-call forecasts - look no further than the economic forecasts by those experts with PhDs over the last decade or so.  Truth is there are too many factors that affects the tuition fees that far down the road (think inflation, cost of living, the method for which the education is being delivered, anticipated salary for the teachers, the ratio of schools and students, your children's ability to obtain scholarship money, and etc). Put in what you can afford for RESP - I put in $2000 annually per child to take maximum advantage of the 20% government matching.  And be prepare to augment that with additional fund in 18 years.  I am prepared to take on significant loans if my children both decided and qualified for graduated studies in specialized fields in a prestige universities - I have had met people with graduate degrees from Harvard and Cambridge and the obscure sum they (or their parents) paid on tuition are about as good investment as I have ever seen.  Education is one of the best gifts any parent could give to their child.
Cute, but 100 years of market history will show you the fundamentals have persisted for a reason. Every industry in history has tried to pull this “but this is different” thing off (oil, gold, semiconductors) and they have ALL been brought to reality in time. There is no reason to think today is any different. There will  be recessions again, there will be market crashes again, either tomorrow or 5 years from now. It always levels out.
&gt; If you're saddled with a ton of debt and also don't have a degree to show for it, I'd say it's much more likely you're going to have trouble paying it off.  This is how generational poverty continues.
"I believe money market ""funds"" (ie a mutual fund) would pay dividends, and you would get a 1099-DIV. A money market ""account"" however is probably actually a bank account, and you would get a 1099-INT for that. It depends how the broker has set it up. I have one of each with different brokers.  If your ""money market"" statements mention anything about FDIC coverage, it is likely an ""account"" (ie a bank account) and will pay interest, not dividends."
"You pay tax on the entire amount, not just the capital gains.   When cashing out such a plan you would pay the top marginal tax rate on the full amount plus another 10% in penalties.  It is very likely that the additional income, of the balance withdrawal, will increase your top marginal rate.   It is impossible to come up with a precise answer as we don't know the following: However, you can take a concept away from this that is important:  You will be taxed and penalized on the entire 401K balance, not just the capital gain.   In the ""best case"" scenario, that is you had little or no income in a given year.  Under current tax law you would owe about 31% of your 401K balance in taxes.  As this is such an inefficient use of money most authors recommend against it except in the case of extreme circumstances."
It is a more subtle form of force to be destined to live as a second class citizen for no reason other than the station of your birth or your religious beliefs. Whether this status is codified in law or through the collective will of the ownership class, it is a far worse injustice than being forced to do business with someone you don't like. Equating racial justice with theft is just one example of why Libertarianism is not taken seriously as a political philosophy.
As mass production has to be accompanied by mass consumption, mass consumption, in turn, implies a distribution of wealth ... to provide men with buying power. ... Instead of achieving that kind of distribution, a giant suction pump had by 1929-30 drawn into a few hands an increasing portion of currently produced wealth. ... The other fellows could stay in the game only by borrowing. When their credit ran out, the game stopped.    — Marriner Eccles, former Chair of the Federal Reserve 1934-1948, said in 1951  &amp;nbsp;  If people think 2008 was the worst of it, man they ain't seen nothing yet.
Doom and gloom.  Everything adjusts.  Less tax break here compensated by lower overall tax rates.    Actually, Realtors have less concern with this then you would think.  Those really concerned are bankers.  The financial industry has been messaging Americans for years that mortgage deductions are the best thing in the world.  They are just another way to promote bank loans.
"Maybe if you read the article, you would have seen:  ""The data was obtained from the county Department of Public Social Services -- which is responsible for doling out the benefits -- and gives a snapshot of the financial costs associated with sanctuary and related policies.""  Keep your head in the sand buddy.  Just because you don't like the source doesn't mean that it isn't true. I'm sure you'll believe a CNN article by the esteemed Don Lemon though, right?"
"Dad-material = you are missing soft skills but you can provide me with financial security. I am going to take palimony for 18 years in exchange for sex. Outcome... short-term physical relationship.   ""Husband-material"" = you have a adequate or appreciated personality and soft skills. Kids are an option, just not the deal maker. More of a intimate relationship.   Gents... nice guys don't finish last here, they are usually married because personality is still important. You need to have compassion, patience, but also direction and ability to make express your emotions.   Had a friend in college that devised and algorithm for sex... main inputs where ""value of clothes, watch, and shoes"" + ""nice clean car"" + ""good hygiene"" + ""basic knowledge of pop culture"" + money spent on date"".... let me just state he over analyzed and thought this is how women think, and the outcome was little sex and a lot of money spent....... he forgot that he needs to sell trust, security, value to the date and then act on those if he wanted to become boyfriend... he needed to learn how to be relational and compassionate toward the others' needs. Not rocket science, just work if it does not come naturally."
The amount stated is the total amount of money the customer will be paying to the company. How much profit that will translate into is dependent on the type of contract.  Some types of contracts: Cost plus fixed fee: they are paid what it costs to complete the contract plus a fee on top of that. That fee represents their profits. The costs will include salary, benefits, overhead, equipment, supplies. Firm fixed price: They perform the service, and they get paid a fixed amount. If their costs are higher than they forecast, then they may lose money. If they can be more efficient than they forecast, then they make more money. Time and materials: They are paid for completing each sub-task based on the number of hours it takes to complete each sub task, plus materials. This is used to hire a company to maintain a fleet of trucks. If the trucks are used a lot they will need more standard maintenance, plus additional repairs based on the type of use. They pay X for labor and Y for materials for an oil change, but A for labor and B for materials for a complete engine rebuild.  There are many variations on these themes. Some put the risk on the customer, some on the company.  How and when the company is paid is based on the terms of the contract. Some pay X% a month, others pay based on meeting milestones. Some pay based on the number of tasks completed in each time period. Some contracts run for a specific period of time, others have an initial period plus option years. The article may or may not specify if the quoted amount is the minimum amount of the contract or the maximum amount. The impact on the stock price is much more complex. Much more needs to be known about the structure of the contract, and who will be providing the service to determine if there will be profits. Some companies will bid to lose money, if it will serve as a bridge to another contract or to fill a gap that will allow them to delay layoffs.
Being long the call is being long the option. The call is a type of option. A put is a type of option If you buy a call, you are long an option and long the underlying asset. If you buy a put, you are long an option and short the underlying asset.
The value of a share depends on the value of the company, which involves a lot more than the value of its assets -- it requires making decisions about what you think will happen to the company in the future. That's inherently not something that can be reduced to a single formula, at least not unless you can figure out how to represent your guesses and your confidence in them in the formula ... and even if you could do all that it would only say what you think the stock is worth; others will be using different numbers and legitimately get different results. Disagreement over value is what the stock market is all about, I'm afraid.
The DIY approach can be useful for regular dusting and cleaning, but when it comes to thorough cleaning, do it yourself does not seem a viable option Carpet cleaning is one of the intimidating tasks that call for professional intervention.
There are two alternative explanations: Choose the explanation you prefer based on your level of cynicism.
In principle I agree with you. However the allegation is that the people managing the IPO withheld crucial information and informed insiders against investing. Maybe the allegations are false, but it should still be looked into. If the IPO shared crucial details with insider traders while keeping it from the public at large that would affect the investor's risk-assessment of a stock, that's insider trading and should be punished accordingly.
don't get stalled in the notion that in ONE call, some MAGIC will happen, if you DO IT RIGHT  reality is a cold call is only the first call.  sales usually requires a sequence ...relationship/confidence building route (multiple calls)
Don't both of your first two points also apply to PV panels? In fact, to generate the same load, I'd imagine the material requirements are much higher.  And storage doesn't seem like that big of a problem. Don't we already have the holes they were dug up from to put them back in?
They are using a tax arbitrage, a variation of Hollywood Accounting. This is a common tactic adopted by all big companies, including GE, Apple, Microsoft, Google and hedge funds like Bain. The company's management has only one legal duty, to maximize the shareholder value and this is one way of doing it.  Depending on your perspectives, it may be unethical but it definitely is not illegal.   Blame the politicians and people electing them, not the businessmen.
You're right. That's pretty much it. You get a deduction for any medical expenses above 10% of your Adjusted Gross Income. You also have to itemize your deductions; claiming the standard deduction won't do.
Well, it totally depends on what you're ordering... just like ANY food. Sour Cream and extra guac will surely set you back, even if it's a fresh version of it.   I order a bowl that gets me between 7-800 calories which is a good amount for a full meal.
You don't have to do the prepaid PP card, just get him his own PP account and then order him the PP debit MC. It will act as a debit on his PP account just like the Student Account card.
You borrow on  the international makets.  [Moody's predicts Scotland would get an 'A' credit rating](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-27247870)  [Standard &amp; Poors - Independent Scotland could be AAA rated](http://www.businessforscotland.co.uk/independent-scotland-could-be-aaa-rated-standard-poors)  [Credit Suisse report independent Scotland would be ranked four places higher than the rUK.](http://www.newsnetscotland.com/index.php/scottish-news/9637-scotland-ahead-of-ruk-even-without-oil-says-credit-suisse-report)  [An independent Scotland would be a wealthy and financially viable country like New Zealand, but could suffer initial growing pains, according to credit ratings agency Standard &amp; Poor's.](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/feb/27/independent-scottish-economy-viable-slow-first-standard-poors)
"Insufficient funds will cause a check to bounce. If there is evidence that you ""kited"" the check deliberately, that's a potential fraud charge. If the vendor accepts that you were just stupid/careless, you'll probably just have to pay a penalty processing fee in addition to making good the payment.  It is your responsibility to track your account balance and not write bad checks. If the timing could be bad, don't write the check yet. If you insist on paying with money you may not have, talk to your bank about setting up overdrafts to draw from another account, or automatic overdraft loans... or use a credit card rather than paying by check."
I think part of why it is perceived is so bad is because the fluctuations in housing prices are relatively large, especially compared to the amount needed to put a down payment.  This is not an uncommon scenario: And this is not even being underwater, just being even.  Imagine how much worse it feels if your dream of home ownership has turned into just a pile of debt.
Yes, they're using it as a currency.  What they actually have demand for is houses and Lambos, and if bitcoin wasn't available they'd be happy to do it in any other currency.  When any other currency goes up it's because there's overall higher demand than supply for it, to buy things you can only buy in a particular currency.    A very common example is government bonds of the issuing government for a currency.  That's why when the Fed raises the interest rate, the US dollar goes up.  It is because at a bond auction the government will only take US dollars so anyone that wants to buy some bonds needs to first buy US dollars.  If the interest rate goes up, all things being equal those bonds are relatively more attractive than other countries bonds, and that change in demand increases the demand for the currency, which raises it's price.  Note the key thing here - it needs to be something you can only buy (or at least, buy for the cheapest price) in a particular currency.  If it's something you can buy with any currency, than that event generally doesn't impact the currency price.  Although it's a very important food crop, if the price of rice goes up, it doesn't really impact the USD even though you can buy rice with USD.  Here's the tricky part, what can you buy with bitcoin that you can't buy with any other currency?
The value of money is not only in the earning and saving of it but also in the discipline in spending it.  Any approach to teaching children about money must ensure a balance between the two otherwise they will either become fearful of spending (and so never actually learn that money is but a tool and can be enjoyed) or irresponsible (spending with abandon with all that concomitant misery): Teaching kids about money is a wonderful opportunity to instil discipline and values.  Any strategy must be structured to suite the child's age and abilities as well.  Trying to teach compound interest to too young a child will just become needlessly confusing and worrying for them.  Hope this gives a few ideas.
When you wish to go for a party in London and if you feel that you want some comrade to be with you then you can get in touch with the elite escorts who would help you in making your day special. Of course, you can always tell them that how you want things to be done.
As @Dilip suggested in the comments, the problem is the accountability of the reimbursement plans. In order for the reimbursement to be non-taxable, there has to be a reimbursement plan and policy set up by the employer, it has to be done per receipt, and accounted for correctly. If the employer just cuts you a check - the conditions may not be met, and as such - the reimbursement becomes taxable. In your case, it seems like the employer has not set up a proper (accountable) reimbursement plan, thus your reimbursements are taxable. @Joe pointed out that since the employer also doesn't withhold taxes (as he should), you may have an unexpected tax bill on April 15. This Chron article describes the distinction between the accountable and non-accountable plans. Only with the accountable plans the reimbursements are non-taxable.
A bit anecdotal, but I once studied Erasmus and one of my buddies was from France. Long story short, he was to be paid a monthly stipend for living/studying expenses from the French gov't (very typical for Erasmus/study abroad in Europe). He didn't receive his FIRST check until about 4 months after he had returned to France (~10 months later than expected).
We can only print money until we start to see the effect in inflation, true, but we've got quite a way to go before that happens.  Currently, t-bills are paying under .2% interest/year.  Money can be borrowed at a historic low rate.  No one worried about this huge amount of debt when Bush was running it up.  Now that the deficit has actually gotten under control, people are up in arms.    The government has always run a deficit, except once.  Money is a closed loop.  Household savings/spending + business savings/spending + imports/exports + government surplus/deficit = 0.  That's an accounting identity.  Currently, households are spending a bit, businesses are saving like nobodies business, and we export more than we import.  We have to run a deficit to have an economy.
This is the guy who created thousands of jobs, through his own hard work. Sure, it's easy to ignore the years of his life where he went without, when you look at it out of context. But whether you agree that people should be able to make a profit or not, he *does* actually employ thousands of people. He pays them money they use to buy food, clothes, and generally support themselves.
"I don't understand the OP's desire "" I'd love to have a few hundred dollars coming in each month until I really get the hang of things. ""  When growing your wealth so that it will be large enough in retirement to throw off enough profits to live on ... you must not touch the profits generated along the way.  You must reinvest them to earn even more profits.  The profits you earn need not show up as 'cash'.  Most investments also grow in re-sale value. This growth is called capital gains, and is just-as/more important than cash flows like interest income or dividends.    When evaluating investing choices, you think of your returns as a percent of your total savings at any time.  So expecting $100/month equals $1,200/year would require a $12,000 investment to earn 10%/yr. From the sounds of it the OP's principal is not near that amount, and an average 10% should not be expected by an investment with reasonable risk. I would conclude that 'There is no free lunch'.  You need to continually save and add to your principal.  You must invest to expect a reasonable return (less than 10%) and you must reinvest all profits (whether cash or capital gains). Or else start a business - which cannot be compared to passive investing."
All great questions, thank you. We are one of a several piano stores in south eastern MA, but many people will travel a fair distance to find the right piano. Our largest group of customers are middle to high income families. We've played our ad on the local abc family channel and on local pop radio stations. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSr-LRiP1s0 ... The corniness was intended and did create a lot of response.    We offer a full value trade up policy for any past customers. Our record is a customer who purchased a piano from us 14 prior to trading up.   Thanks for your help, I'll work on finding more ways to further identify and reach our target market.
"In an IPO (initial public offering) or APO (additional public offering) situation, a small group of stakeholders (as few as one) basically decide to offer an additional number of ""shares"" of equity in the company. Usually, these ""shares"" are all equal; if you own one share you own a percentage of the company equal to that of anyone else who owns one share. The sum total of all shares, theoretically, equals the entire value of the company, and so with N shares in existence, one share is equivalent to 1/Nth the company, and entitles you to 1/Nth of the profits of the company, and more importantly to some, gives you a vote in company matters which carries a weight of 1/Nth of the entire shareholder body. Now, not all of these shares are public. Most companies have the majority (51%+) of shares owned by a small number of ""controlling interests"". These entities, usually founding owners or their families, may be prohibited by agreement from selling their shares on the open market (other controlling interests have right of first refusal). For ""private"" companies, ALL the shares are divided this way. For ""public"" companies, the remainder is available on the open market, and those shares can be bought and sold without involvement by the company. Buyers can't buy more shares than are available on the entire market. Now, when a company wants to make more money, a high share price at the time of the issue is always good, for two reasons. First, the company only makes money on the initial sale of a share of stock; once it's in a third party's hands, any profit from further sale of the stock goes to the seller, not the company. So, it does little good to the company for its share price to soar a month after its issue; the company's already made its money from selling the stock. If the company knew that its shares would be in higher demand in a month, it should have waited, because it could have raised the same amount of money by selling fewer shares. Second, the price of a stock is based on its demand in the market, and a key component of that is scarcity; the fewer shares of a company that are available, the more they'll cost. When a company issues more stock, there's more shares available, so people can get all they want and the demand drops, taking the share price with it. When there's more shares, each share (being a smaller percentage of the company) earns less in dividends as well, which figures into several key metrics for determining whether to buy or sell stock, like earnings per share and price/earnings ratio. Now, you also asked about ""dilution"". That's pretty straightforward. By adding more shares of stock to the overall pool, you increase that denominator; each share becomes a smaller percentage of the company. The ""privately-held"" stocks are reduced in the same way. The problem with simply adding stocks to the open market, getting their initial purchase price, is that a larger overall percentage of the company is now on the open market, meaning the ""controlling interests"" have less control of their company. If at any time the majority of shares are not owned by the controlling interests, then even if they all agree to vote a certain way (for instance, whether or not to merge assets with another company) another entity could buy all the public shares (or convince all existing public shareholders of their point of view) and overrule them. There are various ways to avoid this. The most common is to issue multiple types of stock. Typically, ""common"" stock carries equal voting rights and equal shares of profits. ""Preferred stock"" typically trades a higher share of earnings for no voting rights. A company may therefore keep all the ""common"" stock in private hands and offer only preferred stock on the market. There are other ways to ""class"" stocks, most of which have a similar tradeoff between earnings percentage and voting percentage (typically by balancing these two you normalize the price of stocks; if one stock had better dividends and more voting weight than another, the other stock would be near-worthless), but companies may create and issue ""superstock"" to controlling interests to guarantee both profits and control. You'll never see a ""superstock"" on the open market; where they exist, they are very closely held. But, if a company issues ""superstock"", the market will see that and the price of their publicly-available ""common stock"" will depreciate sharply. Another common way to increase market cap without diluting shares is simply to create more shares than you issue publicly; the remainder goes to the current controlling interests. When Facebook solicited outside investment (before it went public), that's basically what happened; the original founders were issued additional shares to maintain controlling interests (though not as significant), balancing the issue of new shares to the investors. The ""ideal"" form of this is a ""stock split""; the company simply multiplies the number of shares it has outstanding by X, and issues X-1 additional shares to each current holder of one share. This effectively divides the price of one share by X, lowering the barrier to purchase a share and thus hopefully driving up demand for the shares overall by making it easier for the average Joe Investor to get their foot in the door. However, issuing shares to controlling interests increases the total number of shares available, decreasing the market value of public shares that much more and reducing the amount of money the company can make from the stock offering."
"It really depends on the value your financial adviser provides.  Does he help with your 401K?  Does he help you avoid making foolish moves?  Does he really help you find funds that beat average market returns? Many people answer ""no"" to all of these questions and do their investing on their own.  I personally prefer Fidelity because I find their web site easier to work with, but Vanguard is another option.   At Fidelity you will have zero fee per year.  You can buy Fidelity and many other mutual funds with no cost.  You can buy iShares ETFs at no cost.  Some funds do have a fee to purchase, but they are pretty low ($35) and are only collected when you buy, not yearly.   Now some people do go it alone and it is a huge mistake.  The news tends to only report negative stock market events, and many people were scared away from 2008 and missed wonderful gains since that time.  If you pull your money out during corrections, stick with a financial adviser.  If you will stop contributing because of a correction, stick with a financial adviser.  In those cases the fee is well worth the cost.  Also if your guy provides education in association with investment advice, the fee might also be worth it.   If you are able to stomach losses, able to keep on contributing like clockwork, and can read a Morning star mutual fund chart, then you might be best to go it alone.  One thing would really help is to have a friend that is also interested in investing to share ideas with."
&gt; I have been an owner of the Planet Hollywood Westgate unit in Las Vegas for 2 years! Every time I've tried to use it, it is never available. The one time they told me it was available; they told me it was at Flamingo Bay in Las Vegas, not the one that they have me paying $900 a month for. Then they had the nerve to charge me an exchange fee for using a unit I didn't even want to use. I'm to the point that I want to get rid of this unit. The payment is $200 more than my own house payment and now that they were purchased by Hilton, the payments and fees are going to go up.  2 years? 2 years paying $900/mo for a property you were never able to use? You'd figure by at least the end of year 1 you would have smelled something fishy.  I'm sure this CEO and his company are generally shitbags, but c'mon.
"Plenty of good answers here, but probably the best answer is that The Market relies on suckers...er...investors like you.  The money has to come from somewhere, it might as well be you. So-called ""day traders"" or ""short-term investors"" are a huge part of the market, and they perform a vital function:  they provide capital that flows to the large, well-equipped, institutional investors.  Thing is, you can never be big enough, smart enough, well-informed enough, or quick enough to beat the big guys.  You may have a run of good fortune, but over the long term aggregate, you're a PAYOR into the market, not a DIVIDEND reaper."
"Thanks for sharing.  I think it's a great idea to allow everyone to speak freely and share their thoughts in an open format for critiquing. I've watched [similar TED talks](http://www.ted.com/talks/dan_ariely_what_makes_us_feel_good_about_our_work?language=en#t-66168) that have shown this practice gives more value to an employee's self worth, which also leads to more overall productivity. However, I'm a little puzzled by Mr. Dalio's merit weighting/""believability"" index, and feel like I need more information to understand how they attribute those weights.   Here's an excellent and relevant excerpt from one of my favorite reads – 2 Second Lean by Paul Akers:  *Besides having a 100% emotional commitment, a Lean leader must be humble. What does that look like? Let me give you a tangible goal. Commit yourself to validating, complimenting and/ or recognizing the work of your employees at least ten times a day. Your people should be accustomed to hearing you say things like, “That’s a great idea, Bob,” or “Mary, I appreciate how hard you’ve worked on this project,” or “Actually, John, I like your idea better than mine.” When humility becomes a central attribute of the Lean leadership a vortex of creativity and buy-in will follow. When there is a culture where people know there is not an egomaniac in charge they can begin to grow and thrive. They know that leadership is singular in their focus to give others credit above themselves. There are no politics, no jealousies or rivalries because everybody knows they’ll be acknowledged for their contribution and more importantly, they understand their job is to acknowledge others’ contributions. A Lean culture is a generous environment. It’s generous in giving credit to others, generous in respect, generous in offering ideas, support and help.*  *The Lean leader has an ego strong enough to solicit and welcome ideas from absolutely every person involved and will recognize everybody’s contribution as valuable. In fact, a Lean leader gets excited by the prospect of unleashing all that untapped creativity and problem-solving genius that lies dormant in most organizations.*  *While many people will be shy and not so forthcoming at first, it is a universal human desire to be validated and respected.*"
"&gt;the population is burdened with debt and anxious about job security,  and long term security  and healthcare (and not sending them into poverty because of it)  and the country remaining solvent  and what the next financial crisis will be   and the terrorist boogymen  H. L. Mencken once said, *""The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.""*   I don't know how imaginary it all is but they sure are menacing the shit out of us with it."
The P/E is currently 20. In hindsight, it's easy to see that when it was 50, not long ago, it was very overpriced. They were not adding customers or increasing revenue as they should have to sustain that P/E level.  Probability? I suppose this can happen with any company that has both a high P/E and non-diversified business. Why did you think this company was large and stable? Their marketing blunders simply pricked the bubble level pricing these guys had.  (Disclaimer - I am actually a happy customer of Netflix. For $8/mo, I get 6-8 DVDs and neither spend gas nor time to get them. Others who grew used to free streaming feel otherwise)
I like the Australian “standard”*   Best Before:  For the retailer: Means the retailer should not complain to the supplier if the product has gone bad after this date.  Used by:  For the consumer; means the customer should not complain to the retailer if the product has gone bad after this date.  Ie it has nothing to do with is it safe to consume it has everything to do with legal liability with a touch of forced replacement.  * I don’t know if it’s a standard or just something that producers do.
You keep a copy of the dashed check, and tell him to pound sand. If he contacts you again, you tell him that you will charge him with fraud. By accepting the check and cashing it, he acknowledged the debt is paid.
"Many of the business posts are adverts or self-promotion or people hyping stock ""tips"".  Also get a fair number of (lazy) people who want this sub to tell them how to get into business, or what a good business idea is (versus doing  research, and then saying ""this is what I've got, what about this problem, or this challenge?)"""
they don't have to 'go through' Instagram. It's not purchased through Instagram with them getting a cut. This is an option on the post, just like a location tag. As for if people will do it or not, yeah, that's still up to the influencer to be honest and within legal guidelines with this system just like it is now for them tagging it as #Ad or #SponsoredPost
Im always suspicious whenever an article uses 2 data points to suggest a trend. November 1997 and December 2016. Ok? What about all the years inbetween? '97 may have had an unusually high number due to the Dot Com boom when everyone and their brother were creating do-nothing websites and going public.
That is silly to say it isn't a reward for the quality of the waiter.  WTF is a tip for then?  Why do we not have base compensation without tips, with final prices finalized into all goods?   No, a tip *is a reward for quality* **of service**.  I give a 10% tip for horrible service (service, not food).  I give a 15% tip when I don't notice the waiter/ess as part of my meal.  I give 20% tip when service (not food) was exceptional.    If someone sucks as a waiter and consistently gets poor tips from people who tip based on service, stop being a poor waiter.  If someone is a good waiter and consistently gets poor tips from people (incorrectly in my opinion) tipping based on food quality, quit working at that horrible restaurant.  If you want to argue that tipping is not a reward for quality of service, then I will abstain from tipping altogether because I paid for my food and I'm willing to get my own damn water and pick up my food from the kitchen if someone will let me.
NAPFA claims to have members in Canada. They are an organization of fee-only financial planners--they work for hourly fees, not commissions, so they have no conflicts of interest when giving advice.
Hot dogs - counts as part of the food basket. Hardly one-off.   Cars - maybe could be included. On average, people buy cars every 5 years, so 12 cars for an 80 year old.   Gas - that one could well be warranted, the problem is the high volatility and the fact that fluctuations are not due to inflation, but rather commodity price fluctuations.   All the other stuff (phones, tv’s, Appliances, etc) is stuff that needs to be replaced several times throughout a persons life, so not one-off purchases.   House prices can and should address d through other mechanisms that have nothing to do with inflation. Either through better planning codes or macro prudential measures, but certainly not through manipulating interest rates.
"Yeah, sounds like you're right on track.  You should probably consider a liberal arts major instead of econ or finance there Quinz33... they don't really concern themselves with relevant facts... and pretty much just say the first thing that comes to mind.  ""PINEAPPLE!  SQUID!  MONGOOSE!""  And based on your response I'm also guessing you have no interest / experience / knowledge of anything related to finance, am I right?"
In India, the amount of dividend you get is based on the face value of the stock. If the stock's face value is Rs. 10 and the company announced a dividend of 20%, you will receive Rs.2 per share.To see whether you qualify to receive a dividend, see the ex-dividend date of the company. If you purchased shares before that date, you will receive the dividend, else you will not
Same could go for flying private. At the end of the day there is a cost benefit and what an employee's time is worth.  My employer doesn't give a shit, so I pay for my own business class out of pocket. People I deal with externally all fly business, which sucks when you are on the same flights.
"I mostly agree. However, I also recognize a redditer ""type"" who is impervious to any logic. When your point doesn't fit within their world view, they most often retaliate by downvoting, or downvoting AND posting an angry, curse laden rant.  I believe the guy above was just saving time by preempting their initial response. Of course, you also risk putting off those on the fence who might have been willing to consider your point, but now will not."
"I agree with all the people cautioning against working for free, but I'll also have a go at answering the question: When do I see money related to that 5%? Is it only when they get   bought, or is there some sort of quarterly payout of profits? It's up to the shareholders of the company whether and when it pays dividends. A new startup will typically have a small number of people, perhaps 1-3, who between them control any shareholder vote (the founder(s) and an investor). If they're offering you 5%, chances are they've made sure your vote will not matter, but some companies (an equity partnership springs to mind) might be structured such that control is genuinely distributed. You would want to check what the particular situation is in this company. Assuming the founders/main investors have control, those people (or that person) will decide whether to pay dividends, so you can ask them their plans to realise money from the company. It is very rare for startups to pay any dividends. This is firstly because they're rarely profitable, but even when they are profitable the whole point of a startup is to grow, so there are plenty of things to spend cash on other than payouts to shareholders. Paying anything out to shareholders is the opposite of receiving investment. So unless you're in the very unusual position of a startup that will quickly make so much money that it doesn't need investment, and is planning to pay out to shareholders rather than spend on growth, then no, it will not pay out. One way for a shareholder to exit is to be bought out by other shareholders. For example if they want to get rid of you then they might make you an offer for your 5%. This can be any amount they think you'll take, given the situation at the time. If you don't take it, there may be things they can do in future to reduce its value to you (see below). If you do take it then your 5% would pay you once, when you leave. If the company succeeds, commonly it will be wholly or partly sold (either privately or by IPO). At this point, if it's wholly sold then the soon-to-be-ex-shareholders at the time will receive the proceeds of the sale. If it's partly sold then as with an investment round it's up for negotiation what happens. For example I believe the cash from an IPO of X% of the company could be taken into the company, leaving the shareholders with no immediate direct payout but (100-X)% of shares in their names that they're more-or-less free to sell, or retain and receive future dividends. Alternatively, if the company settles down as a small private business that's no longer in startup mode, it might start paying out without a sale. If the company fails, as most startups do, it will never pay anything. It's very important to remember that it's the shareholders at the time who receive money in proportion to their holding (or as defined by the company articles, if there are different classes of share). Just because you have 5% now doesn't mean you'll have 5% by that time, because any new investment into the company in the mean time will ""dilute"" your shareholding. It works like this: Note that I've assumed for simplicity that the new investment comes in at equal value to the old investment. This isn't necessarily the case, it can be more or less according to the terms of the new investment voted for by the shareholders, so the first line really is ""nominal value"", not necessarily the actual cash the founders put in. Therefore, you should not think of your 5% as 5% of what you imagine a company like yours might eventually exit for. At best, think of it as 5% of what a company like yours might exit for, if it receives no further investment whatsoever. Ah, but won't the founders also have their holdings diluted and lose control of the company, so they wouldn't do that? Well, not necessarily. Look carefully at whether you're being offered the same class of shares as the founders. If not consider whether they can dilute your shares without diluting their own. Look also at whether a new investor could use the founders' executive positions to give them new equity in the same way they gave you old equity, without giving you any new equity. Look at whether the founders will themselves participate in future investment rounds using sacks of cash that they own from other ventures, when you can't afford to keep up. Look at whether new investors will receive a priority class of share that's guaranteed at exit to pay out a certain multiple of the money invested before the older, inferior classes of shares receive anything (VCs like to do this, at least in the UK). Look at any other tricks they can legally pull: even if the founders aren't inclined to be tricky, they may eventually be forced to consider pulling them by a future new investor. And when I say ""look"", I mean get your lawyer to look. If your shareholding survives until exit, then it will pay out at exit. But repeated dilutions and investors with priority classes of shares could mean that your holding doesn't survive to exit even if the company does. Your 5% could turn into a nominal holding that hasn't really ""survived"", that entitles you to 0.5% of any sale value over $100 million. Then if the company sells for $50 million you get $0, while other investors are getting a good return. All of this is why you should not work for equity unless you can afford to work for free. And even then you need to lawyer up, now and during any future investment, so your lawyer can explain to you what your investment actually is, which almost certainly is different from what it looks like at a casual uninformed glance."
Beware of surrender charges also Surrender Charges Many annuities   will impose a surrender charge if the annuity is cashed in before a   specific period of time. That period may run anywhere from 1 to 12   years. A typical surrender charge is one that starts at 7% in the   first year of the contract, and declines by 1% per year thereafter   until it reaches zero. The charge is made against the value of the   investment when the annuity is surrendered, and its purpose (other   than simply to make money for the insurance company) is to discourage   a short-term investment by the purchaser. For that reason, an annuity   should always be considered a long-term investment. In the typical   fixed annuity, though, this charge will not apply provided no more   than 10% of the investment is withdrawn per year. source: http://www.fool.com/retirement/annuities/annuities02.htm If you've held it for 10 years as you claim, you may not owe any or much in surrender charges, but you definitely want to know what the situation is before you make a move.
Rebalancing your portfolio doesn't have to include selling.  You could simply adjust your buying to keep your portfolio in balance.  If you portfolio has shifted from 50% stocks and 50% bonds to 75% stocks and 25% bonds, you can just only use new savings to buy bonds, until you are back at 50-50. Remember to take into account taxes if you are thinking of selling to rebalance in taxable accounts. The goal of rebalancing is to keep your exposures the way that you want them.  Assuming that you had a good reason to have a portfolio of 50% stocks and 50% bonds, you probably want to keep your portfolio similar in the future.  If you end up with a portfolio of 75% stocks and 25% bonds due to stock market fluctuations, the exposure and the risk / return profile of your portfolio will have changed, and it's probably not something that you want. You don't want to rebalance just for the sake of rebalancing either.  There can be costs to rebalancing (taxes, transaction fees, etc...) and these aren't always worth the effort.  That's why you don't need to rebalance every month or if your portfolio has shifted from 50/50 to 51/49. I take a look at my portfolio once a year, and adjust my automated investments so that by the end of the next year I'm back to the ratio I want.
Yes. The real question is whether you should. You should consider your investment options, and take into the account that there's much more hype than value in many companies.
"They don't actually need to. They accept deposits for historical reasons and because they make money doing so, but there's nothing key to their business that requires them to do so. Here's a decent summary, but I'll explain in great detail below. By making loans, banks create money. This is what we mean when we say the monetary supply is endogenous. (At least if you believe Sir Mervyn King, who used to run England's central bank...) The only real checks on this are regulatory--capitalization requirements and reserve requirements, which impose a sort of tax on a bank's circulating loans. I'll get into that later. Let's start with Why should you believe that story--that loans create deposits? It seems like a bizarre assertion. But it actually matches how banks behave in practice. If you go borrow money from a bank, the loan officer will do many things. She'll want to look at your credit history. She'll want to look at your income and assets. She'll want to look at what kind of collateral or guarantees you're providing that the loan will be repaid. What she will not do is call down to the vaults and make sure that there's enough bills stacked up for them to lend out. Loans are judged based on a profitability function determined by the interest rate and the loan risk. If those add up to ""profitable"", the bank makes the loan. So the limiting factor on the loans a bank makes are the available creditworthy borrowers--not the bank's stock of cash. Further, the story makes sense because loans are how banks make money. If a bank that was short of money suddenly stopped making loans, it'd be screwed: no new loans = no way to make money to pay back depositors and also keep the lights on = no more bank. And the story is believable because of the way banks make so little effort to solicit commercial deposit business. Oh sure, they used to give you a free toaster if you opened an account; but now it's really quite challenging to find a no-fee checking account that doesn't impose a super-high deposit limit. And the interest paid on savings deposits is asymptotically approaching zero. If banks actually needed your deposits, they'd be making a lot more of effort to get them. I mean, they won't turn up their noses; your deposited allowance is a couple basis points cheaper to the bank than borrowing from the Fed; but banks seem to value small-potatoes depositors more as a source of fees and sales opportunities for services and consumer credit than as a source of cash. (It's a bit different if you get north of seven figures, but smaller depositors aren't really worth the hassle just for their cash.) This is where someone will mention the regulatory requirements of fractional reserve banking: banks are obliged by regulators to keep enough cash on hand to pay out a certain percentage of deposits. Note nothing about loans was said in that statement: this requirement does not serve as a check on the bank making bad loans, because the bank is ultimately liable to all its depositors for the full value of their deposits; it's more making sure they have enough liquidity to prevent bank runs, the self-fulfilling prophecy in which an undercapitalized bank could be forced into bankruptcy. As you noted in your question, banks can always borrow from the Fed at the Fed Discount Rate (or from other banks at the interbank overnight rate, which is a little lower) to meet this requirement. They do have to pledge collateral, but loans themselves are collateral, so this doesn't present much of a problem. In terms of paying off depositors if the bank should collapse (and minimizing the amount of FDIC insurance payout from the government), it's really capital requirements that are actually important. I.E. the bank has to have investors who don't have a right to be paid back and whose investment is on the hook if the bank goes belly-up. But that's just a safeguard for the depositors; it doesn't really have anything to do with loans other than that bad loans are the main reason a bank might go under. Banks, like any other private business, have assets (things of value) and liabilities (obligations to other people). But banking assets and liabilities are counterintuitive. The bank's assets are loans, because they are theoretically recoverable (the principal) and also generate a revenue stream (the interest payments). The money the bank holds in deposits is actually a liability, because it has to pay that money out to depositors on demand, and the deposited money will never (by itself) bring the bank any revenue at all. In fact, it's a drain, because the bank needs to pay interest to its depositors. (Well, they used to anyway.) So what happens when a bank makes a loan? From a balance sheet perspective, strangely enough, the answer is nothing at all. If I grant you a loan, the minute we shake hands and you sign the paperwork, a teller types on a keyboard and money appears in your account. Your account with my bank. My bank has simultaneously created an asset (the loan you now have to repay me) and an equal-sized liability (the funds I loaned you, which are now deposited in your account). I'll make money on the deal, because the interest you owe me is a much higher rate than the interest I pay on your deposits, or the rate I'd have to pay if I need to borrow cash to cover your withdrawal. (I might just have the cash on hand anyway from interest and origination fees and whatnot from previous loans.) From an accounting perspective, nothing has happened to my balance sheet, but suddenly you owe me closing costs and a stream of extraneous interest payments. (Nice work if you can get it...) Okay, so I've exhaustively demonstrated that I don't need to take deposits to make loans. But we live in a world where banks do! Here's a few reasons: You can probably think of more, but at the end of the day, a bank should be designed so that if every single (non-borrowing) depositor withdrew their deposits, the bank wouldn't collapse or cease to exist."
This is rather simple if you understand a trailing limit order but to be sure I am going to explain a limit, trailing limit, and trailing LIT order. I am going to use an example assuming that you already own a stock and want to sell it. Limit Order I place an order to sell 100 PG @ 65.00. This order will only be executed if the bid price of PG is at $65.0000 or greater. Trailing Limit Order I place an order to sell 100 CAT @ 85.25 with a trailing 5%. This order will be executed when CAT drops 5% below the highest point it reaches after you place this order. So if you place this order at 85.25 and the stock drops 5% to $80.9875, your order will be executed. However, if the stock jumps to $98, the order will not be executed until the stock falls to $93.10. The sell point will go up with the stock and will always remain at the specified % or $ amount behind the high point. Trailing Limit If Touched Order I place an order to sell 100 INTC @ 24.75 with a trailing 5% if the stock touches $25.00. Essentially, this is the same as the trailing limit except that it doesn't take effect until the stock first gets $25.00.  I think the page they provide to explain this is confusing because I think they are explaining it from the shorting a stock perspective instead of the selling a stock you want to profit from. I could also be wrong in how I understand it. My advice would be to either call their customer support and ask for a better explanation or what I do in my finances, avoid things I don't understand.
That's a false analogy.    If somebody took me somewhere to eat that made me sick, that's a direct reflection on their ability to recommend places to eat, but nothing else.  If he's also a top notch electrician, I listen to him when he gives me electrical wiring advice, I just don't let him choose where we go for dinner.  Tiel's presidential choice reflects his political knowledge, and not his ability to be on Facebook's board.  Remember, he's not there to provide political insight, he's there to provide business insight, his area of expertise.
OP, I was in a similar situation in college. Worked at a large fund doing back office stuff. It was a terrible job, place was out of whack and it was not align with my educational or professional goals. It was a six month program located in Boston and at the time I was in Albany. Had to move out there and I stuck in out for the first three months. Then I realized I wasn't making enough to continue living in Boston and I would of had to delay my graduation, miss a ton of my senior year and would not be able to play on my rugby team. I decided it wasn't worth it, I quit and got a reference from someone else at the firm. Got a full time offer with a reputable firm doing work that is more aligned with my goals.   Nobody is looking out for you except you, especially in this industry.
"&gt; I am confused how you spin an ""infinite mileage warranty"" into something negative  It will increase their costs in a business model which, until recently, lost money on every unit.  It's good news for buyers in the short term. If Tesla goes out of business, however, the infinite-mileage warranty won't make any difference.  And, in the larger picture, if they're out of business, their awesome customer-focused model doesn't really benefit their customers in any way."
"The short answer is you're tax exempt if the tax laws say you are.  There are a bunch of specific exemptions based on who you are, what you're buying and why. Taking British Columbia as an example. One exemption is supplies for business use: Some exemptions are only available to certain purchasers in certain circumstances. These exemptions include: You can also claim an exemption if you are buying ""adult size"" clothing for a child under 15 years. Farmers are exempt from sales tax on various goods and services. First Nations individuals are exempt in some circumstances. And so on and so on."
Yes, it is.   The reason they are forced out, is because their homes become so valuable.   If you living in a home that has become worth millions, and can't afford the taxes, then sell up and enjoy your riches.       Should that necessary tax money instead come from the working class, to subsidize millionaires that want to stay in their homes?
There's also the option to put most of your stuff into storage and rent an apartment or go to an extended stay hotel.  Some apartments have month-by-month options at a higher rate, though you may need to ask around.   I've known some people to use this as their primary plan because it was easier for them to keep the house clean and ready to show when it's empty.  Basically, this option is to sell your current house then buy the new house with a (hopefully fairly short) transition time in the middle.
Unsecured loans are loans that have not been “secured” with any kind of collateral. For example, the bank does not have the ability to take your property or automobile if you stop making payments on an unsecured loan. These loans are sometimes referred “signature loans” due to the face your signature on the loan agreement is all that you deliver to the table. Unsecured loans are available in a variety of flavors.
Cfa charterholder here.  Level 1 is mostly likely yes. Materially is relatively simple.  Levels 2 and 3 will require over 200 hours each. When I passed level 3, I actually recorded the time it took me to study. Was about 236 hours.
That transaction probably cost the merchant $0.50 + 3% or close to $5.  They should have refunded your credit card so they could have recouped some of the fees. (I imagine that's why big-box retailers like Home Depot always prefer to put it back on your card than give you store credit) Consider yourself lucky you made out with $0.15 this time.  (Had they refunded your card, the 1% of $150 credit would have gone against next month's reward) Once upon a time folks were buying money from the US Mint by the tens of thousands $ range and receiving credit card rewards, then depositing the money to pay it off.. They figured that out and put a stop to it.
"From IRS Publication 970 Tax Benefits for Education Note: Qualified tuition programs (QTPs) are also called ""529 plans.""  Changing the Designated Beneficiary There are no income tax consequences if the designated beneficiary of   an account is changed to a member of the beneficiary's family. See   Members of the beneficiary's family , earlier.  Members of the beneficiary's family. For these purposes, the beneficiary's family includes the   beneficiary's spouse and the following other relatives of the   beneficiary. regarding ownership changes: Rollovers Any amount distributed from a QTP isn't taxable if it is rolled over   to another QTP for the benefit of the same beneficiary or for the   benefit of a member of the beneficiary's family (including the   beneficiary's spouse). An amount is rolled over if it is paid to   another QTP within 60 days after the date of the distribution. Don't report qualifying rollovers (those that meet the above criteria)   anywhere on Form 1040 or 1040NR. These aren't taxable distributions. Example. When Aaron graduated from college last year, he had $5,000 left in his   QTP. He wanted to give this money to his younger brother, who was in   junior high school. In order to avoid paying tax on the distribution   of the amount remaining in his account, Aaron contributed the same   amount to his brother's QTP within 60 days of the distribution. So it appears that as far as the IRS in concerned the rollover could be done to change ownership as long as the beneficiary was in the same family. It is possible that there could be a state tax issue with the change of ownership, if it changed from a plan in state A to one in state B; and state A treated the original contributions as a tax deduction. So check the guidelines for the specific 529 plan."
Out of the money options often have the biggest changes in value, when the stock moves upward. This person could also gain, by the implied (underlying) volatility of the stock rising if it moves erratically to either side. Still seems to be a very risky game, given only 4 days to expiry.
There are numerous car repair services around Vegas but only a few are trusted and most reliable. We recommend carrepairvegas.com for you. Visit at 5400 E Tropicana Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89122 or call for inquiries at 702-433-5823. Website:  http://carrepairvegas.com/
The joint narrative here is that a Democracy is a poor form of government.  That’s why it is great that we don’t have a Democracy.  We have a republic.  And our Republic is showing fracturing.  What causes fracturing?  It isn’t just difference of opinion, as Madison states.  It is also a refusal to listen to, work with, or acknowledge the legitimacy of the arguments of our opposition or dissenting members.  We fail to communicate properly, holding attitude and superiority above understanding and attention.  You won’t fix a communication issue with a change of government.  Our communication issue has festered into distrust.  How can you trust someone who won’t even acknowledge your point of view?  How can you trust someone who is willing to dust you to save their own skin?  I doubt any government can survive poor communication.  Our government waste can be seen as poor communication as well.  People with one interest refuse to acknowledge their opposition, and put into place inflexible and unsustainable rules.  Those rules address the one issue those people saw, but fail to account for market forces, new social views, geography, or sometimes simple greed.  People love that the first issue is handled, and are willing to watch the ship sink rather than change.  Opposition refuses to acknowledge the reason the rules were originally created. Both sides get defensive, and division increases.  Let’s always look to the source of the issue, that we may cure as close to the root as possible, rather than be content fighting the symptoms.
I had this thought after I posted the comment. If you are really more interested in the learning and research, you know plenty of math already.  Fields like behavioral finance that are really cool and growing fast and my not require the quant math.
It is very likely that the fund paid out a dividend in the form of reinvested shares.  This happens with many funds, especially as we come to the end of the year. Here's a simplified example of how it works.  Assume you invested $1000 and bought 100 units at $10/unit.  Ignoring the daily price fluctuations, if the fund paid out a 20% dividend, you would get $200 and the unit price would drop to $8/unit.  Assuming you chose to reinvest your dividends, you would automatically purchase another $200 worth of units at the new price (so 25 more units).  You would now have 125 units @ $8/unit = $1000 invested. In your example, notice that you now have more shares than you originally purchased, but that the price dropped significantly.  Your market value is above what you originally invested, so there was probably also a bit of a price increase for the day.  You should see the dividend transaction listed somewhere in your account. Just to confirm, I did a quick search on ICENX and found that they did indeed pay a dividend yesterday.
I think that if the price does not go very far up, then your order will open on 101, because you are setting a limit order, if suddenly the price goes up very quickly or with a gep even, then you may not be given a position. But this is with a limit order and it is better to check with the broker. There are also warrants in which you can adjust the price range, for example, from 101 to 103, and at a sharp price jump, it is possible for you and would not give a position at a price of 101, but perhaps 103 would get.
"Pay cash.  You have the cash to pay for it now, but God forbid something happen to you or your wife that requires you to dip into that cash in the future. In such an event, you could end up paying a lot more for your home theater than you planned. The best way to keep your consumer credit card debt at zero (and protect your already-excellent credit) is to not add to the number of credit cards you already have.   At least in the U.S., interest rates on saving accounts of any sort are so low, I don't think it's worthwhile to include as a deciding factor in whether not you ""borrow"" at 0% instead of buying in cash."
Think of GDP growth as a weighted average of all agents in the country that produce goods and services, some grow, some retract, we get an average of ~1.5%.   While the S&amp;P 500 is just the weighted average of the 500 largest **public** companies, and while some shrink, most are growing. They are responsible for a portion of GDP growth, but not all.   Even the Wilshire 5000, which has every public company listed will show growth larger than GDP because of the nature of the companies listed.  Lastly, as time goes to infinity, all companies will grow at the rate of GDP growth, otherwise they'll consume every other company until it is the only one left.  Essentially, exchanges only look at a handful of companies and their performance. GDP looks at all companies in the U$.
Shopallitems.com is a design and way of life e-store that offers other home, stylistic theme items for your room, lounge, lavatory and yes for your children's rooms as well. Fashionist as can shop from a scope of ladies' apparel, extras, footwear, KITCHEN ACCESSORIES and excellence items. So now, give your home and yourself as well, a moment makeover. Shop at Shopallitems and benefit best online offers amid our consistent online deal and enjoy a spending shopping. Come, investigate all the more just at shopallitems. Shopallitems conveys to you an energizing scope of kitchen adornments that offers powerful use of space and is went with world-class usefulness.
I think we would be good with paying around $1200 monthly mortgage fees (with all other property fees included like tax etc.) You probably can't get a $250k house for $1,200 a month including taxes and insurance.  Even at a 4% rate and 20% down, your mortgage payment alone will be $954, and with taxes and insurance on top of that you're going to be over $1,200.  You might get a lower rate but even a drop to 3% only lowers the payment $90/month. Getting a cheaper house (which also reduces taxes and insurance) is the best option financially. What to do with the $15k that I have? If you didn't have a mortgage I'd say to keep 3-6 months of living expenses in an emergency fund, so I wouldn't deplete that just to get a mortgage. You're either going to be  Since 1) the mortgage payment would be tight and 2) you aren't able to save for a down payment, my recommendation is for you to rent until you can make a 20% down payment and have monthly payment that is 25% of your take-home pay or less.  Which means either your income goes up (which you indicate is a possibility) or you look for less house.  Ideally that would be on a 15-year note, since you build equity (and reduce interest) much more quickly than a 3-year note, but you can get the same effect by making extra principal payments. Also, very few people stay in their house for 30 years - 5 years is generally considered the cutoff point between renting and buying.  Since you're looking at a 10-year horizon it makes sense to buy a house once you can afford it.
I don't think the word 'irony' means what you think it means.  If I cared at all about magic internet points, I would dole out downvotes (and upvotes) much more often. The fact that I am not even going to downvote the abject nonsense that you wrote above should speak volumes.
&gt; All this hate on Wal-mart is coming from over-privileged bloggers who get paid to write stupid bullshit the entire year.   Can you verify this claim? I'm not saying you are wrong, but it would be interesting to know what your motives for attacking the messenger are.
It's actually embarrassing how bad some of our infrastructure is. If you've ever spent time in most of western Europe or the more modernized Asian cities, you'll realize that our infrastructure and public transit is essentially far behind the other leading countries in the world. It's a complicated topic, and there are a lot of reasons why (much of our public transit was built decades before European and Asian public transit, the State vs. Federal funding model, etc), but it's an issue that needs to get fixed and should be getting bipartisan support.
Your nazi publication lied (which is admittedly goes without saying)  These changes will result in the reduction of up to 12,000 positions **globally**    Why do you hate my country so much you would spread anti-American propaganda?
"I don't know how many people ""a ton"" is, but if you are getting more than, say, 6 people who are qualified to rent, you've priced it too low. Better to ask for $1200, and have a potential tenant haggle or ask you to reduce the price than to have 6 people want it for $900.  It's worth it to run a credit report, and let that help you choose. I agree with Victor, a bidding war is appropriate for a house sale, not rental apartments.  You didn't mention your country, but I'd be sure to find out the local laws regarding tenant choice. You may not (depending where you are) discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, marital status, race, or religion."
Be cognizant of your own limitations when approaching this material.  I've dealt with lawyers, doctors, engineers and other highly intelligent people from other disciplines, who then try to learn about companies and the stock market.  Their own arrogance and assumption that they can just learn anything *quickly* ends up hurting them.  It can take years and real classical training of finance to understand this material with any depth.  Someone is wrong (a fool) in every trade.  There is someone who is going to make money and lose money.  Odds are the fool is you.
The article made it seem like a lot of these were frivolous purchases, but I doubt there's any clear data on the percent that were someone's primary vehicle, etc. Usually if you default on a new-car loan you can still get a high-interest loan for a used car that will still be a lot less than your old payment.
"Too many of my fellow Americans are obsessed with policing each other's sobriety.  Couple that with privatized healthcare / insurance and a bunch of companies will drug test just to keep their rates down.  Anyone who criticizes it will be shamed for ""Wanting to get high""."
The easiest way would be to set up a common savings account. Most of them pay some meager interest rate, and over one night it would be especially meager.  A Certificate of Deposit is another way, but you'd have to lock the funds in for an extended period of time.
"When I heard the Facebook IPO was finally happening I remember saying, ""This is going to be like a feeding frenzy. The ultimate showcase of everything that is wrong with the stock market. It will be automated trading and big money tearing every penny it can from the pockets of 'speculators' who think investing in a business you believe in is a sound investment."""
"It's either equal weighted or market cap weighted,  not both. This one appears to be equal weighted.  "" S&amp;P Pharmaceuticals Select Industry Index (SPSIPH) is an equal-weighted index that draws constituents from the GICS sub-industries that contain companies involved in pharmaceutical related activities. Liquidity and market capitalization screens are applied to the indices to ensure investability""  http://www.amex.com/amextrader/tdrInfo/data/axNotices/2006/valert2006-17.html"
&gt; Point being, the problem hasn't been fixed. The deficit went from enormous in 2009 to simply large today.  Deficit is currently at 2.3% of GDP. The USA is analogous to a person who is making $200,000/year, has $120,000 in debt, and took on an additional $6,000 in debt this year. The $6000 number (the deficit) is not the large number in this equation.   The other piece of course is that this person consistently gets raises that meet or beat inflation.
Self-Controlled Energo Neuro Adaptive Regulation (SCENAR) device is one of the most effective medical devices developed by medical science in order to treated acute and chronic pain. This device is manufactured by Russians but today available at most of the healthcare centre. For more information please visit scenar.biz.
Generally just giving a Bank Account Number does not cause damage. It depends on what other information the user has and the country you are in.  Generally Bank take telephone instruction for certain [non-transactional] activities , and they would authenticate you by asking account number, address, date of birth and some additional info. In today's world this info can be pretty easily accessible, for example facebook or a details posted on Jobsites etc. It is best avoided to give the bank account details, unless you are sure of the person.  Typical other misuse is using your bank account to Launder black money. The typical modus is transfer funds to you and then ask you to transfer it elsewhere. At times its also a scam and you loose money as they trick you in sending money before you receive it.
I would suggest equity research, or as mentioned, consulting. You could go into IB. Your main hindrance is your age, how long has it been since you finished your PhD?  Equity Research: you will analyze companies, on an individual and micro basis, and provide macro point of views on the industry etc.   Sales/Trading: you will not get a job in trading, sales...maybe, if you get a bank large enough that has a healthcare/industrial chemicals sales positions, but this is a job that requires you to be able to sell your bank's point of view to large, very sophisticated clients, and provide them with better ideas than other sales guys, so that they will trade with your bank...can you learn finance and the industry fast enough? You would be better off working in a buy side shop (there are tons in boston)  IB: never met anyone that likes ib. depends on the bank but even mid market small banks it is 80hr weeks on avg. bulge bracket its 100. but you would likely start as an associate, (if at all) so that would go down really fast, (3-5 yrs to vp)  If you went to a top tier school, find alum from your school that work at banks and talk to them first, a 30 min conversation with anyone is incredibly useful. Just ask them how to get in. Also make sure you know all the capital markets firms in your area, know what all the fields are from a basic level (read the shit on wallstreetoasis etc) so that you dont waste time when talking to people.   You will likely need a CFA level 1 to get any traction, unless you can find some people that are willing to pull for you, which you will find is actually more simple than it seems - people love helping their alma matter, and every firm is always looking for smart people. anyways, sign up for the december 2012 cfa exam, and download/buy the schweser notes (don't read the actual books) this will be a great refresher about finance and economics even if you don't end up switching careers.  actual answers to your questions 1) yes 2) start as an associate in ib, spend 3 years doing bs, and workin average 90hrs a week, either quit of become vp and start selling work vs doing it 3) ib: immediate sales/trading: immediate, buy side: varies on the firm, size, performance, could be immediate, could be the year after, or you could get fired after 3 months because your phd isnt as useful as they thought it was. 4) mentioned above...a few years, its managable, suck it up 5) no sorry   goodluck
Yes though I'd likely put a caveat on that. If you take short-term investments and extrapolate the results to get an annual result this can be misleading. For example, if a stock goes up 10% in a month, assuming this will continue for the next 11 months may not be a great idea. Thus, beware of how much data do you have in making these calculations. When looking at long-term investments, the compound annual growth rate can be quite useful for comparison.
&gt; The European economy was not utterly doomed before the Euro, therefore the fall of the Euro does not doom their economy.  I'm not sure how that's related at all.  Just because at some random point in time, the European economy was doing OK, doesn't mean that it will definitely be ok again in the future after a jarring multi-national currency shift.  There are tons of other factors in play.  First of all, who's going to accept drachma again?  What is it worth?  What about pesata and lira?  These currencies haven't been used in over a decade.  Who is going to value them?  Who is going to accept them?  What happens when the Greeks default?  When their pension checks start bouncing?  This is what Germany is fearing.  Who is going to buy their products when there is a major currency crisis going on?
How is it a write off? I write off my mortgage interest, it reduces my taxable income, but has no impact on my EBIT.  If I paid workers more, my EBIT would go down and, due to this, my taxable income would go down.  One is independent of my earnings, the other is a function of it.  The former is a write off, the latter isn't, right?
"This seems like a risky setup.  All it takes is one missed or delayed transfer for you to overdraw your ""savings"".  There is a benefit to keeping your regular expenses and savings separate, and I can see some benefits in having multiple checking accounts depending on how you organize your finances, but I don't see a benefit to having a paycheck go to one account and all regular spending (and ""savings"") come from another.  It requires some regular maintenance to transfer money over to use for regular spending.  I suppose if you have a checking account that earns interest, but requires direct deposits, and a savings account that earns slightly higher interest you could squeeze out a bit, but it's probably not worth the effort these days unless you have a LOT of money going in and out. Also, it should not be easy to tap into savings, but your day-to-day spending should be very accessible.  All those factors suggest (to me) that your paycheck should go into your regular spending account, and keep your savings separate."
Cause the ads are so fucking annoying. They advertise stuff I don’t care about way too often and it’s the same ad over and over again. Every time I listen to sound cloud in the car and there is an ad I turn the volume all the way down.
"&gt;Insurance: Uber/Lyft only insure their drivers while they are loaded. Meaning any other time they are driving around, even if they are driving to a call, they aren't insured. If they get in a wreck, their own car insurance won't cover it because they don't have taxi insurance which is a shit load more expensive than regular car insurance.  That's not a taxi regulation, that's just a driving regulation: all vehicles must be insured. Are you saying that Uber/Lyft aren't even following the laws of the road?  &gt;Red-lining: Red-lining is where taxi companies will not server certain neighborhoods, meaning they will neither pick up nor drop off in the area.  Taxi regulations actually allow red-lining by restricting service areas: ""sorry, I don't go to x town - I'm only licensed for y town."" Even with the regulations, taxis do it anyway. That's why they ask for your destination before they give you an ETA on pickup   &gt;Discrimination: All classes are protected under taxi regulations with serious repercussions for discrimination. This also includes people with disabilities, like the blind and those in wheel chairs.  That's just a part of the general law: industry regulations are redundant there.  &gt;Rates: Taxi rates are typically approved by the city so that companies can't ~~constantly change them~~ compete with each other and drive the prices down  Rate-setting isn't a good thing.  &gt;They need to obey the same laws that taxi companies are  Yep. The taxi regulations should largely be repealed: they've outlived their usefulness"
The only problem I have with Toyota is their design. Why should I buy a recent Corolla when a Civic is so much more technologically advanced? It looks like Toyota is changing their design language with the Camry though. Fingers crossed that they keep it up.
"NO, IT ISN'T.   You would give my economist friend an aneurysm with this article.   If you remove yourself from the labor market why should you be counted as unemployed? That's like calculating the odds of the lottery by including those who stopped buying tickets because they lose too much. It's nonsense!   It may be unfortunate that you've become discouraged and given up but by bowing out you are no longer technically ""unemployed"" by the official numbers."
If this happened, first you would be breaking the law for driving without insurance. Second, my uninsured motorists insurance would cover it.   Third, your personal net worth is not zero. You are the owner of all those corporations which happen to own those assets. I could sue you and you would have to liquidate your stakes in those corporations. Your example is just saying someone doesn't have any assets if all their cash is tied up in stocks (equity ownership of corporations). If you're argument held true in court, no one could sue anyone successfully, because everyone would just put all their money in equities before a lawsuit.
Japan currently has an economy roughly twice the size of Canada's. I'm not sure how fast Japan is growing but I think New York state might pass Canada's GDP in the next few years so i don't see Canada getting to Japan's level anytime soon.
"I think he is trying to grasp at a marketable slogan here to see what would grab a lot of attentio to allow them to make a lot of money at his company.  It sounds like ""4 hour workweek"" kind of thing. everyone knows its bs, there is no way you can work for 4 hours and make a lot of money in a week, buts its this kind of fantasy that buyers are willing to pay money for. not different from other ideas that worked in the market"
If you don't have other installment loans on your credit report, adding this one could help your credit. That could potentially help you get a better interest rate when you apply for a mortgage. There are positive and negative factors. Positive: Negative:
"Compound Stock Earnings, CSE principals Joseph Hooper and Aaron Zalewski are nationally syndicated radio talk shows hosts (listen to archives), investors, financial educators and authors of the all time best selling book on its topic, ""Covered Calls and LEAPS: A Wealth Option""."
Genius answer: Don't spend more than you make. Pay off your outstanding debts. Put plenty away towards savings so that you don't need to rely on credit more than necessary. Guaranteed to work every time.  Answer more tailored to your question: What you're asking for is not realistic, practical, logical, or reasonable. You're asking banks to take a risk on you, knowing based on your credit history that you're bad at managing debt and funds, solely based on how much cash you happen to have on hand at the moment you ask for credit or a loan or based on your salary which isn't guaranteed (except in cases like professional athletes where long-term contracts are in play).  You can qualify for lower rates for mortgages with a larger down-payment, but you're still going to get higher rate offers than someone with good credit.  If you plan on having enough cash around that you think banks would consider making you credit worthy, why bother using credit at all and not just pay for things with cash?  The reason banks offer credit or low interest on loans is because people have proven themselves to be trustworthy of repaying that debt. Based on the information you have provided, the bank wouldn't consider you trustworthy yet. Even if you have $100,000 in cash, they don't know that you're not just going to spend it tomorrow and not have the ability to repay a long-term loan. You could use that $100,000 to buy something and then use that as collateral, but the banks will still consider you a default risk until you've established a credit history to prove them otherwise.
I tend to disagree. I think Amazon will find that as soon as it tries to raise prices to make a profit that people will type 'walmart' instead of 'amazon'. See how easy that was?  Services are a good business too but the competition there is also vicious.  Further, the piper has to be paid eventually. Sure Amazon has great cash flow now but the assets they are acquiring are going to depreciate and need constant maintenance/replacement. They're building an extremely capital intensive business and all that profit-free growth is going to look more and more expensive as time goes by, IMO.  People can argue all day...it's kinda pointless. You've probably made a lot in Amazon, I've made a lot in Apple. i prefer Apple because it's also huge AND turns a ridiculous profit. If I have to pick a company I'll pick the undervalued one with huge profits AND huge cash flow. That's a doubleplus good.
That was a quote from the article itself... There's a good link involved in that excerpt... Read it...  Job lock is a real thing... That's the only reason people remain at the large corporations that treat them just like a number and don't give a crap about them...  People work for large companies with fucked up schedules, commutes and often health detrimental duties... Yet they don't want to adventure to the unknown where there's a chance they will not get the same benefit package...  As anecdote, I live in Rural Washington state, a lot of Union people travel to Seattle for work...  This is a very long, and stressful commute, I-5, 16, and 405 are not fun... Some of them will spend upwards of five or six hours a day just on the road... when you ask them why... It's because of the pay and the benefit package... when you factor in the extra hours of driving, the pay really is not that huge of a difference, and the toll on your body that that kind of commute takes is horrific... But they wouldn't dare look at small companies Closer by that may not be able to offer them the pension, and health insurance plan that is mandated when working for Amazon, or building for JP Morgan...  So they just give in, become a number, and on paper, and empirically, it is a net gain... But the intangible effects on their psyche, happiness, are quite clear....
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-01/illinois-blows-budget-deadline-pushing-it-closer-to-junk-rating) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Illinois entered its third straight fiscal year without a budget as Republican Governor Bruce Rauner and Democratic lawmakers struggle to agree on how to rein in the government&amp;#039;s chronic deficits, pushing it closer toward becoming the first junk-rated U.S. state.  &gt; Illinois legislators failed to enact a budget by the end of Friday, the last day of the budget year.  &gt; The partisan gridlock has created the longest budget standoff ever for a state, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ko0r0/illinois_blows_budget_deadline_pushing_it_closer/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~156979 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **state**^#1 **Illinois**^#2 **budget**^#3 **Rauner**^#4 **without**^#5"
"The SEC regulation on insider trading is ""engage in the purchase and sale of any security on the basis of material non public information"".  The case I remember off the top of my head is Kodak developing an instant photo camera in the 1970s, and about 4 months before Kodak made this knowledge public, the CBOE had to close options trading on Polaroid because they had an excessive buildup of uncovered short positions."
For a parent deciding on contributing to a 529 plan the first consideration is the plan run by the state government that will trigger a state income tax deduction. You do have to at least look at the annual fees for the program before jumping into the state program, but for many people the state program offers the best deal because of the state tax deduction. Unfortunately for you California does not offer a state tax deduction for 529 plan contributions. Which means that you can pick another states program if the fees are more reasonable or if the investing options are better. You can even select a nationwide plan unaffiliated with a state. Scholarshare is run by TIAA-CREF. TIAA-CREF is a large company that runs pension and 403(b) funds for many state and local governments. Many teacher unions use them.  They are legitimately authorized by the state of California: The ScholarShare Investment Board sets investment policies and   oversees all activities of ScholarShare, the state’s 529 college   investment plan. The program enables Californians to save for college   by putting money in tax-advantaged investments. After-tax   contributions allow earnings to grow tax-deferred, and disbursements,   when used for tuition and other qualified expenses, are federal and   state tax-free. The ScholarShare Plan is managed by TIAA-CREF Tuition   Financing, Inc. The ScholarShare Investment Board also oversees the Governor’s   Scholarship Programs and California Memorial Scholarship Program. note: before picking a plan from another state make sure that they allow outside contributions.
This.  Test waters first. As humans, we are affected by different biases and sometimes we just want to believe. I know a couple of dudes who invested shit ton of money in trying to launch a startup which they didn't vet properly beforehand. They ended up modifying their idea multiple times, but nothing clicked. They say they learnt a lot. But I think they just failed.
Barcode allows you to create a barcode graphic by providing barcode data, encoding type, and output file format. Barcode generator software generates printable barcodes for images. A world leader in barcode verification, has achieved accreditation under the new Solution Provider Accreditation scheme from GS1 UK. For more information about Barcode Please Contact us +44 (0)1869 351166.
On expiry, with the underlying share price at $46, we have : You ask :  How come they substract 600-100. Why ? Because you have sold the $45 call to open you position, you must now buy it back to close your position.  This will cost you $100, so you are debited for $100 and this debit is being represented as a negative (subtracted); i.e., -$100 Because you have purchased the $40 call to open your position, you must now sell it to close your position.  Upon selling this option you will receive $600, so you are credited with $600 and this credit is represented as a positive (added) ; i.e., +$600. Therefore, upon settlement, closing your position will get you $600-$100 = $500.  This is the first point you are questioning.   (However, you should also note that this is the value of the spread at settlement and it does not include the costs of opening the spread position, which are given as $200, so you net profit is $500-$200 = $300.) You then comment :  I know I am selling 45 Call that means : As a writer: I want stock price to go down or stay at strike. As a buyer: I want stock price to go up. Here, note that for every penny that the underlying share price rises above $45, the money you will pay to buy back your short $45 call option will be offset by the money you will receive by selling the long $40 call option.  Your $40 call option is covering the losses on your short $45 call option. No matter how high the underlying price settles above $45, you will receive the same $500 net credit on settlement.  For example, if the underlying price settles at $50, then you will receive a credit of $1000 for selling your $40 call, but you will incur a debit of $500 against for buying back your short $45 call.  The net being $500 = $1000-$500.  This point is made in response to your comments posted under Dr. Jones answer.
Probably cause their entire paycheck is barely enough to cover the necessities like groceries and rent and utilities. Let alone small (in Western terms) luxury items like being able to own and upkeep your own vehicle vs public transportation, or having some kind of entertainment budget. Especially if you have a child.
"The problem with the proposed plan is the word ""inevitable"". There is no such thing as a recovery that is guaranteed (though we may wish it to be so), and even if there was there is no telling how long it will take for a recovery to occur to a sufficient degree. There are also no foolproof ways to determine when you have hit the bottom. For historical examples, consider the Nikkei. In 2000 the value fell from 20000 to 15000 in a single year. Had you bought then, you would have found the market still fell and didn't get back to 15k until 2005...where it went up and down for years, when in 2008 it fell again and would not get back to that level again until 2014. Lest you think this was an isolated international incident, the same issues happened to the S&P in 2002, where things went up until they fell even lower in 2009 before finally climbing again.  Will there be another recession at some point? Surely. Will there be a single, double, or triple dip, and at what point is the true bottom - and will it take 5, 10, or 20+ years for things to get back above when you bought? No one really knows, and we can only guess.  So if you want to double down after a recession, you can, but it's important you not fool yourself into thinking you aren't greatly increasing your risk exposure, because you are."
That is a such a myopic point-of-view (and one that's typically only found in the valley).  There are millions of family-owned businesses in the country that provide for the owners and their employees for years.  The best companies I've ever worked at are run by people who are doing what they love rather than trying to flip the business and cash out.
&gt; because a 5-10% adverse move in an exchange rate is highly consequential to the bottom line.  But... didn't you just describe bitcoin? Rather than a 5-10% in the exchange rate of a stable currency, you're seeing orders of magnitude higher volatility.  It's going up now, but it can flash crash in a second since there is no real backing for the currency.
Paypal does it differently in different countries, depending on how the system in that country works. That is why it is not a service that is available everywhere - rules and systems differ. In the US it is done through the ACH system (US internal inter-bank transfer system). It is the same system used to process checks. I know that in several countries, PayPal deposits/withdraws money through credit cards (it is not possible in the US to the best of my knowledge). In the US we can withdraw money from PayPal by check or ACH transfer to the bank (or by using their own debit card).
"You cant! There is the risk that between the time you get the check and the time you get to the bank that you will be murdered, have a heart attack, stroke, or aneurysm too.  And they are probably more likely than the bank going out of business between the time you deposit the money and get access to it. Prior to accepting the check I would do the following: Get a lawyer that specializes in finance and tax law.  There are some steps you can take to minimize your tax exposure.  There is little you can do about the immediate tax on the winnings but there are things you can do to maximize the return of your money.    You will want to do what you can to protect that money for yourself and your family.  Also create or revise your will.  This is a lot of money and if something happens to you people from your family and ""friends"" will come out of the woodwork trying to claim your money.  Make sure your money goes where you want it to in the event something happens to you. Get a financial planner.  This money can either make you or break you.  If you plan for success you will succeed.  If you trust yourself to make good decisions with out a plan, in a few years you will be broke and wondering what happened to your money. Even at 1% at 20million dollars that is 200k a year in interest... a pretty good income by itself.  You do not have to save every penny but you can plan for a nice lifestyle that will last, if you plan and stick to your plan. Do research and know what bank you are going to deposit the money in.  Talk to the bank let them know of your plans so they can be ready for it.  It is not every day that they get a 20 million dollar deposit.  They will need to make plans to handle it.  If you are going to spread the money out among several banks they can prepare for that too. When choosing that bank I would look for one where their holdings are significantly more than you are depositing.  I would not really go with one of the banks that was rescued.  They have already shown that they can not handle large sums of money and assuming they will not screw it up with my money is not something I would be comfortable with.  There were some nice sized banks that did not need a bail out.  I would choose one of them."
Irrespective of the number of years the company has been in existence or the quality of services provided by them, it is important that, the home cleaning service provider should hold a valid license, for undertaking the jobs. Ensure that, the registration papers of the company are in place.
Standard Chinese business playbook.   1. Hire subject matter expert to establish new business operations.   2. Hire a local Chinese workforce to follow the subject matter expert around and make notes of everything he or she does for the next 2 to 3 years.  3. After three years, get rid of the foreign subject matter expert. Use all of the knowledge they have extracted from the individual including intellectual property and other trademarked information.  4. Rinse and repeat.
You can put it in a CD, or use a CD investment service like http://www.jumbocdinvestments.com/ (no affiliation).
"I manage a bunch of rental cabins in a rural area that only has access to phone and internet with CenturyLink.  We have 16 accounts with them.  They are, by significant measure, one of the worst companies I've ever dealt with (worse than Comcast).  I've long wondered how long it would take for the rest of the country to figure this out since Comcast and TWC tend to get all the anger.  CenturyLink is far worse.  Sheer management-level incompetence where it takes 10-15 minutes to find an account in 4 or 5 different CRM systems, passed back and forth between different parts of the globe.  Zero remorse for missing appointments and, apparently, no ability to record that appointments were missed and fix/make up for it.  I could go on and on.  Do everything you can to steer clear of CenturyLink.  PS.  And yes, the phantom ""what the fuck is that!!"" charge suddenly showing up on your account has happened to us too.  PPS. Another awesome thing - the DSL packages they sell in rural areas that flatly do. not. work.  Rebooting routers a dozen times per day.  Speeds (when working) of .3 or .4 mbps.  Half of the internet accounts we pay for are worthless."
While one credit provider (or credit reference agency) might score you in one way, others may score you differently including treating different things that contribute to your score differently. Different credit providers may also not see all of your credit score as potentially some data may not be available to all credit suppliers. Further too many searches may trigger systems that recognise behavior that is a sign of possible fraudulent activity (such as applying for many items of credit in a short space of time). Whether this would directly affect a score or trigger manual checks is also likely to vary. In situations like this a person could have applied for (say) a dozen credit cards, with all the credit checks being performed before there is any credit history for any of those dozen cards.
Why should he? It is filled with illegal things. What's the problem? You can't talk about religion anywhere but caves? Religious jokes a religious joke. Or are you offended for other reasons?   Telling someone to stfu. Nice. Herp derp.
This doesn't seem smart, but people also seem unable, or unwilling, to do the smart thing vs the thing they want to do.  In other news, the average car price is over $34,000, which is 63% of median household income.  Compare that with 1985, when the average cost of a new car was 38% of median income.  So, yeah, it's not surprising that there's a desire to stretch that out a bit.  But cars last longer, too.  So there's that.
Competition is good. Google promoting its' own services and potentially endangering industries isn't.  The purpose of the technology is to foster innovation and competition, not allow one megadon of a company abuse its' position to muscle in on every industry that exists.
Anyone who claims they can consistently beat the market and asks you to pay them to tell you how is a liar. This cannot be done, as the market adjusts itself. There's nothing they could possibly learn that analysts and institutional investors don't already know. They earn their money through the subscription fees, not through capital gains on their beat-the-market suggestions, that means that they don't have to rely on themselves to earn money, they only need you to rely on them. They have to provide proof because they cannot lie in advertisements, but if you read carefully, there are many small letters and disclaimers that basically remove any liability from them by saying that they don't take responsibility for anything and don't guarantee anything.
"Trump called it ""controls"" rather than owns.  He is firmly remaining as the CEO and is the largest shareholder so that's a moot point.  That is still $85 billion in shares.  If Trump wipes off only 10% in stock price with his constant threats of taxes and breaking up a monopoly, that would cost Bezos $8.5 billion.  If Trump does break up Amazon then Bezos may lose much more.  Trump explained to Fox News, ""This is owned as a toy by Jeff Bezos who controls Amazon. Amazon is getting away with murder tax-wise. He's using the Washington Post for power so that the politicians in Washington don't tax Amazon like they should be taxed,"" Trump said. Trump added that he read somewhere that Bezos was worried Trump would go after him for anti-trust violations."
Freehold is simple - it's when you own the building and the land it's on.  There's no rent to pay (but you will still have to pay taxes!). Leasehold is when the property is leased - rented out for a fixed period that could be anything from 6 months to 199 years.  There will be a rent to pay.  The person who owns the property is still the freeholder. There may be some confusion caused by what is being sold.  You can buy out a lease from the current leaseholder.  It's also possible to buy the freehold of a property that is currently leased to someone else. It is also possible to have a freehold building on leasehold land.
I fear it's too far gone at this point. When I was a kid in the 70s &amp; 80s, Sears was probably the main place we shopped. I always loved when the Christmas Wish Book arrived, meant it was time to start on my letter to Santa. These days, the few times I wander into a Sears it's sad, it's often a disheveled mess and there's barely any customers.
"It's correct.   Be sure of your personal opportunity cost and not that you're letting the tax tail wag the dog just to score ""tax free"".  Your upside is $3,700 (single) or $7,000 (married) in taxes saved until you're out of the 0% zone.  Is that worth not receiving an income? Even if your savings are such that you don't need to work for income for a fiscal year, how would this affect the rest of your career and lifetime total earning prospects?  Now, maybe: Otherwise, I'd hope you have solid contacts in your network who won't be fazed by a resume gap and be delighted to have a position open for you in 2019 (and won't give you the ""mother returning to the workforce"" treatment in salary negotiations)."
Generally by limiting imports, you are forcing increased production in your own economy that is not as efficient as just buying it from outside. May make sense if it were actual war, but as an economic punnishment, it just makes Russia more inefficient. Germany can just lower production or find new buyers for the long term. TTIP could move forward a bit faster and Germany wouldn't even notice.  This is stupid for Russia, but Putin is just riding on nationalism more than any particular policy at this point.
Depending on the particulars, you could get an Amex Serve account, load it into your Serve account, have them send a check for $150 to a family member of yours, and then have your family member transfer $150 to you seperately.
More shares mean less volatility because it takes a larger number of trades, a larger number of shares per trade, or a combination of both to raise or lower the stock price. Institutional investors (mutual funds, pensions, hedge funds, other investment firms, etc) are the sorts of organizations with the large amounts of money needed to move a stock price one way or the other.  But the more floating shares there are in a company, the harder it is for one or two firms to move a stock price.  A company with fewer floating shares wouldn't require as many trades (or as many shares per trade) to see wider swings in price. When it comes to stock price, insider trading isn't the same as manipulation.  In the (surprisingly few) cases of insider trading that are prosecuted, it tends to be an individual (or small group) with early access to information that the broader market doesn't have being able to buy or sell ahead of the broader market.  Their individual sales are seldom if ever enough to noticeably move a stock price.  They're locking in profit or limiting a loss.  Manipulation might (but doesn't always) precede insider trading, if misinformation (or truth) is released for the purpose of creating a situation that can be profited from via a trade or trades.
I understand what the headline is trying to say, but there is more to Amsterdam than just pot (and prostitutes). Amsterdam is a super cool and historic place with great people and culture. Vegas is just... Well it is Vegas. They really aren't alike, and pot dens aren't going to make them similar.
"Between 1 and 2 G is actually pretty decent for a High School Student.  Your best bet in my opinion is to wait the next (small) stock market crash, and then invest in an index fund. A fund that tracks the SP500 or the Russel 2000 would be a good choice. By stock market crash, I'm talking about a 20% to 30% drop from the highest point. The stock market is at an all time high, but nobody knows if it's going to keep going.  I would avoid penny stocks, at least until you can read their annual report and understand most of what they're claiming, especially the cash flow statement. From the few that I've looked at, penny stock companies just keep issuing stock to raise money for their money loosing operations.  I'd also avoid individual stocks for now. You can setup a practice account somewhere online, and try trading. Your classmates probably brag about how much they've made, but they won't tell you how much they lost.  You are not misusing your money by ""not doing anything with it"". Your classmates are gambling with it, they might as well go to a casino.  Echoing what others have said, investing in yourself is your best option at this point. Try to get into the best school that you can. Anything that gives you an edge over other people in terms of experience or education is good. So try to get some leadership and team experience. , and some online classes in a field that interests you."
"In Canada, for example, they are expected or required to find out. They call it, The “Know Your Client” rule, part of which is knowing your ""Investment knowledge and experience"". They say it is, ""to ensure their advice is suitable for you"". I have always been given that kind of form to fill in, when opening an account."
"What he said was:  &gt;Short term returns show ""fat tails"" in their distribution.  This means that in the short run, rare events in the stock market, like huge up and downswings, happen much more often than you would expect given the circumstances.  &gt;Long term returns converge towards a gaussian distribution.   This means that long term changes in stock prices show about the level of swings you would expect to see.  &gt;The authors think there's a connection between this and the ""long memory"" of &gt;volatility (i.e. that the autocorrelation of absolute volatilities also has a fat tail).  Auto-correlation is the idea that an event is closely related, or depends upon, a previous event.  It shouldn't be a surprise that prices can depend on previous prices.  (Contrast this with a coin toss.  Each time you toss the coin, the result is independent of any previous result.)  Normally, you would use an estimate of auto-correlation to test the randomness of your time series.  Unless you have good reason to do otherwise, you use the standard normal (or Gaussian) distribution to do so.  Some previous study, or perhaps this one, may have found that the distribution of their auto-correlation estimates for volatility (change in prices)  is not normally distributed, but rather that extreme values happen more often than would be expected (fat tail).  These guys find a correlation between the short term return fat tails, the normally  distributed long term returns, and a previous finding that the auto-correlation of volatility may have fat tails, and they think that these things could be more than simply coincidence."
"No, it isn't generally believed that inflation is caused by individual banks printing money.  Governments manage money supply through Central Banks (which may, or may not, be independent of the state). There are a number of theories about money supply and inflation (from Monetarist, to Keynesian, and so on). The Quantity Theory of Inflation says that long-term inflation is the result of money-supply but short-term inflation is related to events/local conditions. Short-term inflation is a symptom of economic change.  It's like a cough for a doctor.  It simply indicates an underlying event. When prices go up it encourages new producers to enter the market, create new supply which will then act to lower prices.  In this way inflation is managed by ensuring that information travels throughout the economy.  If prices go up for specific goods, then - all things being equal - supply should go up since the increase implies increasing demand.  If prices go down then this implies demand has gone down and so producers will reduce supply. Obviously this isn't a perfect relationship.  There is ""stickiness"" which can be caused by a whole bunch of market conditions (from banning of short-selling, to inelasticity of demand/supply). Your question isn't about quantitative easing (which is a state-led way of increasing money-supply and which could increase inflation but is hoped to increase expenditure and investment) so I won't cover that here. The important take-away is that inflation is an essential price signal to investors and business people so that they can assess market cycles.  Without it we would end up with vast over- or under-supply and much greater economic disruption."
So if my father signed up for the military at age 18, became an officer, worked 30 years and spent very little (buying used cars eating in &amp; having roommates) to afford to buy me a car and pay for my education.  An education Where I worked worked extremely hard at to become a civil engineer with a high GPA and spent at least 100 hours perfecting my resume and interview skills to get a high paying entry level job where I replicate my fathers habits while being single, choosing to not have children until I build capital, learn to invest in my free time, and live off of 35% of my income by leveraging wealth and having roommates.   Your telling me that since I am able to retire at age 35 on my current plan it is all due to luck? Luck?   Sure I'm thankful that my dad sacrificed and gave me a privileged life with free education but that wasn't luck, that's hard god damn work and I thank him everyday what he did for me. To tell me it's luck is borderline crazy.   If you didn't have what I stated above be the person who works his ass off so your kids can have the privilege to retire at 40 if they make SMART choices.  Or better yet, borrow capital to get an education that pays you 60,000 pay it back and retire at 40? Stop trying to act like it's impossible. Investing isn't gambling, it's foolish to think so. If you invest in index funds it will grow over a long period of time.   The medical scenario is completely different and is mostly caused due to a lack of a free market and insurance system. This is effed and should be fixed as a wealthy society.   ^^^^there are ways to ensure you have medical coverage but again, it's difficult and should be made easier.
Yeah, hugely telling that it took 1500+ cancellations from one number before they noticed? None of their metrics or reports flagged this before? I've never used Lyft because that pink mustache is just ridiculous and looks amateur. This company seems to have a lot of gaps going on.
It was not 100% clear if you have held all of these stocks for over a year.  Therefore, depending on your income tax bracket, it might make sense to hold on to the stock until you have held the individual stock for a year to only be taxed at long-term capital gains rates.  Also, you need to take into account the Net Investment Income Tax(NIIT), if your current modified adjusted income is above the current threshold.  Beyond these, I would think that you would want to apply the same methodology that caused you to buy these in the first place, as it seems to be working well for you. 2 & 3. No.  You trigger a taxable event and therefore have to pay capital gains tax on any gains.  If you have a loss in the stock and repurchase the stock within 30 days, you don't get to recognize the loss and have to add the loss to your basis in the stock (Wash Sales Rules).
Domini offers such a fund.  It might suit you, or it might include things you wish to avoid. I'm not judging your goals, but would suggest that it might be tough to find a fund that has the same values as you. If you choose individual stocks, you might have to do a lot of reading, and decide if it's all or none, i.e. if a company seems to do well, but somehow has an tiny portion in a sector you don't like, do you dismiss them? In the US, Costco, for example, is a warehouse club, and treats employees well. A fair wage, benefits, etc. But they have a liquor store at many locations. Absent the alcohol, would you research every one of their suppliers?
Thank you very much for the response!  I re-read my original post after your statement and realized that you are right, I did seem rather vague, naive, and a bit lost out there. I did some research (not a lot) but I don't think it was really reflected in my post which is why I edited my comment.  Thank you for your responses. I did look at a lot of the links you posted. I think I really didn't word my thoughts properly in the original post. I understand the basic differences - which seem to be that strategy is working on corporate vision while finance is managing a company's money.   Honestly, I guess I posted this with the hopes of just seeing some more personal and detailed responses, and really wasn't exactly too sure about what I want myself. I appreciate the links you've posted though and this is a very detailed response so thank you very much!  Edit: Oh, and I upvoted your first response. I think you could have criticized my naivety a bit more nicely but I don't think you deserve the downvotes since my original post did seem very naive :/
"To be fair, I don't necessarily think that our guy was actively *trying* to screw us over. In retrospect I've known a few people like him; people with major control issues who get extremely anxious and morose when something isn't in their hands, and who kind of develop this authoritarian mindset because they don't trust the group as a whole. That leads to a lot of paranoia and projection. I think he kind of developed a sort of ""Oh no... I think he's gonna kill me. Well, I'll *kill him first*!"" mentality and that affected his thinking.  Every complaint he brought up privately with our president was something he was actually the one bringing to the table: ""They think I'm power hungry!"" (Actually, we didn't, but thank God we found out that he actually was before it was too late.) ""They don't trust me as the executive to make the decisions!"" (He seemed to be the strongest moderating and guiding voice in the meetings but apparently wasn't actually voicing or expressing any of his actual plans because he didn't trust us to know them.) ""They're gonna cut and run and we'll be left to keep things together!"" (He set of a chain of events which led to us having to scramble to get everything out of his name in order to keep our original timetable.) After this all went down it came to light how absurdly neurotic and specific his fears were, down to badmouthing my wife for being controlling or something because I wanted to discuss my portion of the buy-in with her before I paid it, when he'd never even met her.  Anyway, I've had actual adult bosses like this and they invariably find ways of bringing people down over little personal disagreements regardless of how well they're performing. The paranoia and ego driving things for that personality type can be hard to see at first because they're invariably charismatic and on-message and capable of really looking like they're taking the whole of the picture into account before making reasoned suggestions, and you need somebody with these skills for top leadership positions. I do have a measure of pity for these people, as they seem to live in a state of really subtle but profound internal dissonance that nobody else really gets a look at.  The main problem here is that it's easy to conflate image with substance, as you have to have a fair amount of knowledge about the topic being discussed to parse their behavior, and especially once a large power structure entrenches around the guy the aura of infallibility can really build which makes it tough to distinguish between a well-reasoned interpretation of reality and a specious one articulated well. Our last meeting with the new structure was great and we're more excited than ever about getting started with less baggage!"
I agree with mbhunter's suggestion of labeling your columns, 'income' and 'expenses'. However, to answer your question, money coming in (a paycheque, for example) is credited to your account. Money going out (a utility bill, for example) is debited from your account. There's no real 'why'... this is simply the definition of the words.
"There is no objective ""should"".  You need to be clear why you're tracking these numbers, and the right answer will come out of that. I think the main reason an individual would add up their assets and net worth is to get a sense of whether they are ""making progress"" or whether they are saving enough money, or perhaps whether they are getting close to the net worth at which they can make some life change.  Obviously shares or other investment property ought to be counted in that.   Buying small-medium consumer goods like furniture or electronics may improve your life but it's not especially improving your financial position.  Accounting for them with little $20 or $200 changes every month or year is not necessarily useful. Things like cars are an intermediate case because firstly they're fairly large chunks of money and secondly they commonly are things people sell on for nontrivial amounts of money and you can reasonably estimate the value. If for instance I take $30k out of my bank account and buy a new car, how has my net worth changed?  It would be too pessimistic to say I'm $30k worse off.  If I really needed the money back, I could go and sell the car, but not for $30k.  So, a good way to represent this is an immediate 10-20% cost for off-the-lot depreciation of the car, and then another 12% every year (or 1% every month). If you're tracking lifestyle assets that you want to accumulate, I think monetary worth is not the best scale, because it's only weakly correlated with the value you get out of them.   Case in point: you probably wouldn't buy a second-hand mattress, and they have pretty limited resale value.  Financially, the value of the mattress collapses as soon as you get it home, but the lifestyle benefit of it holds up just fine for eight years or so. So if there are some major purchases (say >$1000) that you want to make, and you want to track it, what I would do is: make a list of things you want to buy in the future, and then tick them off when you either do buy them, or cross them out when you decide you actually don't want them.  Then you have something to motivate saving, and you have a chance to think it over before you make the purchase.  You can also look back on what seemed to be important to you in the past and either feel satisfied you achieved what you wanted, or you can discover more about yourself by seeing how your desires change.  You probably don't want to so much spend $50k as you want to buy a TV, a dishwasher, a trip to whereever..."
My mom said that in her four years of college she didn't recall ever watching TV. No one did.   If America wanted the youth to really wake up they'd shut off the video games and television and REALLY experience college for four years. Also: no more Facebook.
I am unsympathetic.  His mother made a conscious choice to evade taxes that would have provided her with at least a minimal security when she was too old to work.  First while as business owner she should have been paying self employment tax on the income they made through the restaurant and his other merchant activities.  Second while working in her own career selling Mary Kay and side work she should have paid her taxes on her income from that.   There is a part of me that says good on you for getting by with out getting caught.  But her ultimate failure was to plan for her future.  She should have known she would be ineligible for SSI and saved for her retirement.  Instead she choose to spend her money while benefiting from the government services that the rest of us pay taxes for.  Now we will provide her with medicaid as well as welfare benefits.  She has placed her son in the unenviable situation of having to either provide for his mother because she failed to do the minimum planning for herself or turn his back on her. He might be able to find a sympathetic prosecutor who would prosecute her for tax evasion.  The government would take care of her needs(food and housing) and she would get her medical care taken care of.  He could also move to Alaska.  The oil industry provide residents of Alaska with a stipend, there is lots of work for people willing to work hard, and the compensation for that work is pretty good and would likely put him in a position where he is able to provide care for his mother.
"The whole concept of ""spending a fraudulent check"" is misleading. Both in practice and legally there are two separate transactions - you (not) receiving funds by depositing a fraudulent check, and you sending a cash transfer further on. Regarding the fraudulent check, generally your bank is 'responsible' in the sense that it's their responsibility to recover the money from you - it will not receive any money from the bank that supposedly issued the fake check, and if they give it to you, you spend all that money and are unable to pay it back, that's their problem and not of the other institutions. Regarding the cash transfer, from the bank point of view it's solely your responsibility - it was really you who made that payment, you explicitly authorised/instructed the banks to deliver money to the recipient, and none of those banks have the duty to return it. You have been defrauded by the recipient of this payment, and may attempt to recover the money from the fraudster - but that's not particularly likely to happen even in the case of a successful arrest and conviction.  Very fast reaction with involvement of police may block the ""vendor's"" account before they are able to withdraw the money. If that is the case, you might be able to recover your money or part of it."
So, *exactly* as I had posited:  The perfect medium for theft.  Somebody has to discover your address, and track it from there.  It's like saying private key encryption is easy to break; all you need is the private key and it all unfolds.
The vesting date. Look at publication 525, under stock options, where they talk about ESPP: Your basis is equal to the option price at the time you exercised   your option and acquired the stock. The timing and amount of pay   period deductions do not affect your basis.
"You need to have 3 things if you are considering short-term trading (which I absolutely do not recommend): The ability to completely disconnect your emotions from your gains and losses (yes, even your gains but especially your losses). The winning/losing on a daily basis will cause you to start taking unnecessary risk in order to win again. If you can't disconnect your emotions, then this isn't the game for you.  The lowest possible trading costs to enter and exit a position. People will talk about 1% trading costs; that rule-of-thumb doesn't apply anymore. Personally, my trading costs are a total 13.9 basis points to enter and exit a $10,000 position and I think it's still too high (that's just a hair above one-eighth of 1% for you non-traders).  The ability to ""gut-check"" and exit a losing position FAST. Don't hesitate and don't hope for it to go up. GTFO. If you are serious about short-term trading then you must close all positions on a daily basis.  Don't do margin in today's market as many valuations are high and some industries are not trending as they have in the past. The leverage will kill you. It's not a question of ""if"", it's a when.  You're new. Don't trade anything larger than a $5,000 position, no matter what. Don't hold more than 10% of your portfolio in the same industry. Don't be afraid to sit on 50% cash or more for months at a time. Use money market funds to park cash because they are T+1 settlement and most firms will let you trade the stock without cash as long as you effect the money market trade on the same day since stock settlement is T+3."
"That's Imbalance-USD (or whatever your default currency is). This is the default ""uncategorized"" account. My question is, is it possible to get the ""unbalanced"" account to zero and eliminate it? Yes, it's possible to get this down to zero, and in fact desirable. Any transactions in there should be reviewed and fixed. You can delete it once you've emptied it, but it will be recreated the next time an unbalanced transaction is entered. Ideally, I figure it should autohide unless there's something in it, but it's a minor annoyance. Presumably you've imported a lot of data into what's known as a transaction account like checking, and it's all going to Imbalance, because it's double entry and it has to go somewhere. Open up the checking account and you'll see they're all going to Imbalance. You'll need to start creating expense, liability and income accounts to direct these into.  Once you've got your history all classified, data entry will be easier. Autocomplete will suggest transactions, and online transaction pull will try to guess which account a given transaction should match with based on that data."
I was listening to Sarah Huckabee Sanders press conference last week and she was asked about Trump administration's position on raising the debt ceiling and she said that they were unequivocally for it and cited how many times historically it has been done.  So at least there is that...
Except when it does.  [Legal definition of fraud](http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/fraud): Fraud must be proved by showing that the defendant's actions involved five separate elements: (1) a false statement of a material fact,(2) knowledge on the part of the defendant that the statement is untrue, (3) intent on the part of the defendant to deceive the alleged victim, (4) justifiable reliance by the alleged victim on the statement, and (5) injury to the alleged victim as a result.  1.) a false statement of fact is implied as the person using the coupon is representing themselves as someone who is using the coupon for the first time (as he/she is in a disguise to appear to be a different person)  2.) knowledge is clear - the person using the coupon is going to the length of donning a disguise - they know they're trying to get away with something  3.) intent is shown by the length the person went to present themselves as a new customer as well as the posts on the forum  4.) assuming the cashier was deceived by the disguise, it's reasonable that Target put the transaction through as it believed it was doing so with a new customer  5.) injury is obvious
Don't get me started about the law.  I'm a lawyer and the business model is a mess.  You'll hear about massive unemployment with lawyers.  This is because lawyers are exempt from overtime.  Firms slave associates for 70-100 weeks for years.  No weekends, no holidays.  Most associates make less per hour than their secretaries.  Then they fire associates instead of making them partners and hire new associates desperate for a job.  I know lawyers are hated, but please have some sympathy for associates who work 10-12 hour days and get paid less per hour than the staff.  Happened to me.  There are two necessary reforms.  One is to allow ownership of law firms by non-lawyers.  This has happened in the UK.  If Costco or other companies could have law firms, it would kill the greedy partner aspect and make legal work accessible to many more people.  I'm 100% in favor.  I'll happily take a lower wage and serve more people.  Everyone should be able to afford a lawyer.  The other necessary reform is making *anyone* who isn't an owner entitled to 40 hour work weeks and overtime.  If you own your own business and want to put in 90 hours, fine.  But you should not be able to force an exempt employee to work 90 hours unless that employee is an owner.    Those are entirely fair and reasonable and would transform the profession into what it should be.  I've since started teaching.  It doesn't pay as well, but at least I don't have to ram down a Christmas dinner and then go into the office.  Or spend a Fourth of July on top of the parking structure to see a few fireworks before going back in to work more.
Here's another way that I look at it:  Say you and me were 50-50 partners in a small business. Suppose we wanted to expand our business but that needed money. Someone (let's call him Warren) has the money we need & hence in return for the money we offer Warren an equal stake in the business.  i.e. All three of us own 33% stake now. For both you and me our stake reduced from  50% that it was before Warren's entry to only 33% now.  While that reduction in our share may seem at first sight a bad deal for us, we both agreed to give Warren his share consciously not out of altruism but because it made business sense to helps us expand.  Ergo, what matters is not just your share of the pie but the size of the pie itself! And hence dilution of stake can make sense under certain circumstances.  Two small points: (a) This doesn't  in any way show the dilution must make sense. Only that it can sometimes make sense (b) Of course, in the case of a large corporation they do not need your personal approval for the dilution. But hey, neither do they ask you when they buy a new plant or start a new product.
All new loans must be originated from the direct loan program. In most cases, the Stafford loan is better, as the rate is lower (6.8% vs. 7.9% for the PLUS loan). There aren't many viable alternatives for most people.  Private student loans exist, but carry significantly higher rates and worse payment terms. The exceptions are programs that exist for professions like medicine and dentistry. Credit cards usually carry higher rates and limited credit lines, but you have the option of negotiating the balance down or declaring bankruptcy to discharge the debt if you are unable to repay.
Not medical! Y'all need some business courses. Liability insurance, etc. no factory will let you operate machinery stoned. No bank will let you move money between people's accounts stoned. Banks are more concerned with fraud than anything else and people with expensive drug habits steal more.
Whoever pays gets the say  Union Reps' salaries/flights comes from dues paid by union members. They're the ones paying for those flights, not the general public. Union members should have the final say if the Reps fly first, business, coach or whatever.   Public employees should fly what is cheapest and pay for an upgrade out-of-pocket if so desired because we the taxpayers pay their tickets/salaries
As a beginner to cryptocurrencies, I would recommend that you sign up for an account at gemini.com. Once you get verified - and understand, that getting verified will take multiple weeks, unfortunately, considering the large amount of traffic that these web apps still have to scale for - you will be able to make daily deposits of $500 to buy either bitcoin (BTC) or ethereum (ETH). Any other currencies (altcoins, usually built on another network or entirely separate networks) will require you to sign up for an altcoin exchange like Kraken or Poloniex.  Speaking of which, another user that commented on this post mentioned Kraken, but the issue with Kraken is that it only allows you to buy currencies using other currency, which is why I recommend gemini (you could even use coinbase, but coinbase is EXTREMELY popular and it takes forever to get verified). After purchasing crypto, you can transfer to other accounts on other exchanges to speculate on altcoin.  Please be secure when using these exchanges. Consider also using a wallet (I personally recommend exodus.io), as many exchanges suffer from occasional attacks.  As for /u/beat_tapes questioning your motives, I totally agree with that sentiment, as no one REALLY knows what's going to happen tomorrow, which is why I implore you to evaluate your financial situation and only speculate with what you're entirely comfortable with losing. You're entering casino doors, and yeah, I'm a personal believer that at this casino you'll win big, but it's still a gamble. Just keep that in mind.
Ex-Dividend Price Behavior of Common Stocks would be a study from the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis and University of Minnesota if you want a source for some data. Abstract This study examines common stock prices around ex-dividend dates. Such   price data usually contain a mixture of observations - some with and   some without arbitrageurs and/or dividend capturers active. Our theory   predicts such mixing will result in a nonlinear relation between   percentage price drop and dividend yield - not the commonly assumed   linear relation. This prediction and another important prediction of   theory are supported empirically. In a variety of tests, marginal   price drop is not significantly different from the dividend amount.   Thus, over the last several decades, one-for-one marginal price drop   have been an excellent (average) rule of thumb.
Thank you Slater\_John for voting on metric\_units.    This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).     ***    ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
Supplier of Ramming mass in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-ramming-mass-in-india.php Shri Vinayak Industries-Silica Ramming mass has vast usage in various Industries like Steel industry, Chemical industry and Copper refineries. Quality of Acidic Ramming mass is directly related to the heating performance of the furnaces. Silica ramming mass plays an important role in induction furnaces in steel plants during melting of steel. Acidic Ramming Mass is generally used in the lining of induction furnaces.
TrumpleForeSkin . . . psst  . . .TrumpleForeSkin  Your next embarrassment is being prepared and they gonna fuck you up so bad, you gonna make Bozo the clown look like Clark Gable  Poor fellow, always pushes the fight into such a corner that the only two options are fucked and fucked twice and after some great wheeling and dealing by this expert negotiator it results in: Get fucked repeatedly with no end in sight.  If you are feeling alone and abandoned, betrayed and hated  Its because you are  America will never stand behind the true servant of the Shemeckles  Don't dare talk about our guns.
Market makers are required to buy options contracts as a condition of being a market maker.  It is what keeps the markets functioning and liquid. As to whether or not your trade can be closed at a profit depends on many variables - how much you paid, what the underlying security is, etc CBOE Options expiration FAQs
Seems pretty stupid to buy when switching jobs every 2-4 years yields the greatest gains in salary.  Why would you want to grow roots in an area for 15-30 years when you might be better off changing jobs/locales?   Sure you don't have to keep your house that long but with all the extra costs and risks renting is a fine option for an upwardly mobile citizen.
As has already been mentioned, measure, change, measure.  Stopping vampiric power drain in the items you mentioned is going to save you very little electricity or money. There are much larger power users in your home that can be tackled first. If you have a fridge, freezer, and electric water heater on Time-Of-Use billing, shifting their energy usage to off-peak hours can yield significant monetary savings. I have put my water heater on a timer that turns the thing on 3 hours before I get up and shower, and turns off just before shower time. I get more than enough hot water for showers, and the heater isn't maintaining a tank of hot water during the day or night when I don't need it. Same can be done with your fridge and freezer. Set the fridge a little colder and run it off-peak and your food will stay cold/frozen during the day.  Note that while putting the water heater on a timer may get you both money and electricity, doing the same for the fridge and freezer will only get you financial savings as you time-shift your electric usage. I was able to get a 20% saving on my electric bill by time-shifting my water heater and fridge. Your mileage may vary.
What is the focus of the program, sell the good or service or recruit new people?  If it is the latter (as it often is) then show them this pyramid. http://www.consumerfraudreporting.org/MLM_pyramid.php Pretty much the number of people on earth runs out too quickly.
Looks more like an idea for a business rather than an actual business -- especially since it hasn't even launched. That said, it does have its merits. What bank actually holds the deposit funds becomes irrelevant, and may actaully change from time to time as they forge better partnerships with different banks.  Think of it like a mutual fund -- the individual stocks (if there are stocks) in the fund are less important than the balance of risk vs. income and the leveling of change over the course of time. It offers services banks offer, without fees (at least that is the proposal) with the addition of budgetting capability as well. It does have downsides as well There is an increased level of indirection between you and your money. They propose to simplify the banking business model, but in fact are only hiding it from you.  The same complexity that was there before is still there, with the added complexity of their service on top of it.  It's just a matter of how much of that complexity you would have to deal with directly. With that in mind, I would reiterate that they are not a business yet -- just a proposed business model.  Even the sign up process is a red flag for me.  I understand they need to gauge interest in order to forge initial relationships with various banks, but I don't see the need for the 'invitation only' sign up method.  It just sounds like a way to increase interest (who doesn't like feeling exclusively invited), and is a bit too 'gimmicky' for my taste. But, like I said, the idea has merit -- I have my reservations, but will reserve full judgement until they are an actual operating business.
By studying. I wouldn't consider the statistics and math required for finance to be of the most difficult caliber, maybe a statistics major would be a nice extra to set a person ahead but I'd say just a couple intermediate courses would serve well for a finance career.
I'm old. When I was young, the schools were preparing us all for the Metric System. But the change never happened, due, I believe, to simple arrogance. Let the world cope with out 45/17th nuts and bolts.   Now of course, we're not so powerful and I do assume that American Toyota factories use metric parts.  I write this from a metric coffee house in Amsterdam. I am coping quite well with their products offered metrically.  Have a good day!
Well like a lot of stuff on money.stackexchange there is not a simple answer, but generally it is not a good thing. Take a look at the wikipedia entry on Net Operating Loss. Basically the company is commenting that when they do make money they will receive preferential tax treatment on that income.    So whether or not this is a positive or a negative depends on a couple of things: NOL doesn't directly impact book value other than how the actual assets of the company changed over the previous quarter. I believe there is a 1:1 correspondence to how the assets change and NOL, but I am sure someone could clarify that for me in another answer or as a comment.
Of course. Where else are the rich gong to park their money? The Dow is going nowhere but up. I was saying this when the Dow was in the 16s and everybody else was calling 'get out'. If I had shit to invest I'd probably be able to buy a new car.
Don't feel bad man. I have a finance degree and an information systems degree a 3.5 gpa, speak 3 languages, competent in several programming languages, helped run my family business for 3+ years and I had to take a IT internship role at an insurance company through co-op. Did that for 16 months and just sat for CFA L1. All that on my resume I got 0 love during recruitment. Passed up for even Back office positions at banks for kids who have goofy degrees and lower GPAs.  If you're a non-target like me this is how it is. With hard work and intelligence we will get what we want though. I suggest looking into the CFA program.
I would just like to point out that the actual return should be compared to your down payment, not the property price. After all, you didn't pay $400K for that property, right? You probably paid only 20%, so you're collecting $20K/year on a $80K investment, which works out to 25%.  Even if you're only breaking even, your equity is still growing, thanks to your tenants. If you're also living in one of the units, then you're saving rent, which frees up cash flow. Your increased savings, combined with the contributions of your tenants will put you on a very fast track. In a few years you should have enough to buy a second property. :)
I think the consensus is that you can't afford a home now and need to build more of a down payment (20% is benchmark, you may also need to pay mortgage insurance if you are below that) and all considered, it takes up too much of your monthly budget. You didn't do anything wrong but as mentioned by Ben, you are missing some monthly and yearly costs with home ownership.  I suggest visiting a bank or somewhere like coldwell banker to discuss accurate costs and regulations in your area. I know the feeling of considering paying more now for the very attractive thought of owning a home... in 30 years. After interest, you need to consider that you are paying almost double the initial principle so don't rush for something you can do a year or two down the line as a major commitment.  One major point that isn't emphasized in the current answers. You have a large family: Two children, a dog, and a cat.  I don't know the kid's ages but given you are in your early twenties and your estimated monthly costs, they are probably very young before the point they really put any stress financially but you need to budget them in exponentially. Some quick figures from experience. Closing costs including inspections, mortgage origination fee, lawyer fees, checking the history of the home for liens, etc, which will set you back minimum 5% depending on the type of purchase (short sales, foreclosures are more expensive because they take longer) Insurance (home and flood) will depend on your zoning but you can expect anywhere between $100-300 a month. For many zones it is mandatory.  Also depending on if it's a coop ($800+), condo($500+) or a townhouse-type you will need to pay different levels of monthly maintenance for the groundskeeping as a cooperative fee.  at an estimate of a 250K home, all your savings will not be able to cover your closing costs and all 250k will need to be part of your base mortgage. so your base monthly mortgage payment at around 4% will be $1,200 a month. it's too tight.  If it was a friend, I would highly suggest against buying in this case to preserve financial flexibility and sanity at such a young age.
&gt; Equifax CEO suddenly retires following an epic data breach affecting 143 million people  With millions upon millions of dollars in a golden parachute. Because Equifax does not believe in punishment or clawbacks. A similar parachute was given to the Chief Security Officer, Susan Mauldin, who had zero security credentials.
"Your contributions must come from ""compensation"". Quoting IRS Publication 590 on IRAs, ""Generally, compensation is what you earn from working."" So it is unlikely that your stock sale proceeds, if they're your sole source of income, can be used to fund your IRA. If you do have W-2 income, or self employment income, you can use the proceeds of a stock sale to fund an IRA. The IRS doesn't care where the exact dollars that go into the IRA come from, only that you earned (from working) at least as much as you contributed."
A Loan is an loan that gives some kind of benefit as an assurance to a loaning organization. So when you put in an application for a credit, you likewise advocate that in case that you can not pay, you've some form of benefit that will cover the default sum.
It's not mentioned in the article, but the state will invariably pay for infrastructure upgrades and maintenance around a project like this. The only way this pays off is if the tax revenue generated is enough to pay for any additional expenditure by the state. And the fact that Foxconn has a track record of not living up to its promises is what prevents this from being a no-brainer. We'll need to revisit the topic in 15 years when this deal has reached its conclusion to know if the gamble was worth it. The thing that is working to Foxconn's advantage here is that there were several states competing for this.
"The libor swap rates show the fixed rate you would have to pay if you entered into a swap agreement where you received the floating 3-month libor rate. From the link in your question: Two Year: 0.478 Three Year: 0.549 Five Year: 0.842 For example, if I wanted to enter into a two year interest rate swap I would have to pay a fixed rate of 0.478 % for two years and in return I would receive interest payments based on the 3-month LIBOR rate (currently 0.4551 %).  My interest payments would be fixed while the money I received from the swap would be variable based on the 3-month libor rate. ""Mid-market"" refers to the value halfway between highest bid and the lowest offer. Semi-annual means the swap settles interest payments every 6 months."
Does this make sense?  Some corporate behemoth was making tons of money by selling disgusting sludge which I would not feed to a fucking dog, and because the true nature of this shit came to light, they lost a lot of business.  They only had the business in the first place because people were unaware of what they were doing, and when the people learned, they were disgusted and tended to avoid it.
There are lists with Top 1,000 Most and Less correlated stocks for different markets, I think you'll find the solution here:  https://unicornbay.com/tools/most-less-correlated-assets
Target to Stop Selling Kindle: Norton Medical and Scientific Research &amp; Biotechnology.  norton-scientificmedical.com — Target, the 2nd largest discount chain announced that it will stop offering Amazon's e-reader Kindle because of a «conflict of interest» while Barnes &amp; Noble and Apple devices will continue to be offered. According to Molly Snyder, Target spokesperson, the decision to drop Kindle e-readers starting this spring came after a review of the retailer's merchandise, which consisted of evaluations on prices and quality of their products. However, Norton Medical and Scientific Research &amp; Biotechnology got a hold of an internal memo regarding the removal of Amazon hardware (Kindle) from Target stores 4 hr 45 min ago
"Margin trades let you post a margin of a certain proportion of the value of the trade as collateral against the price of a trade and pay off the difference between the current price and the price that you bought at. Any losses incurred are taken from the margin so the margin has to be maintained as prices change. In practice this means that when the price moves significantly from the buying price a ""margin call"" is triggered and the buyer has to increase their posted margin. The vast majority of the foreign exchange trades done every day are margin trades as (effectively) are all spread bets. Margins get reset overnight whether or not a call has occurred."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.axios.com/jobs-are-plentiful-for-rock-bottom-pay-across-the-west-2497970172.html) reduced by 58%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; What&amp;#039;s new: AlphaGo&amp;#039;s initial iteration was trained on a database of human Go games whereas the newer AlphaGo Zero&amp;#039;s artificial neural networks use the current state of the game as input.  &gt; The DeepMind researchers wrote: &amp;quot;The self-learned player performed much better overall, defeating the human-trained player within the first 24h of training. This suggests that AlphaGo Zero may be learning a strategy that is qualitatively different to human play.""  &gt; He points out though that the roughly 5 million training games of self-play it took for AlphaGo Zero to beat AlphaGo is &amp;quot;Vastly more&amp;quot; than the number of games Sedol had played to become a champion.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/77able/workers_in_the_wealthier_nations_are_facing/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~230884 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **AlphaGo**^#1 **game**^#2 **play**^#3 **learns**^#4 **Zero**^#5"
I asked my realtor, but she recommends to go with just one banker   (her friend), and not to do any rate shopping. You need a new realtor. Anyone who would offer such advice is explicitly stating they are not advocating on your behalf.  I'd do the rate shopping first. When you make an offer, once it's accepted, time becomes critical. The seller expects you to go to closing in so many days after signing the P&S. The realtor is specifically prohibited from pushing a particular lender on you. She should know better.  In response to comment - Rate Shopping can be as simple as making a phone call, and having a detailed conversation. Jasper's list can be conveyed verbally. Prequalification is the next step, where a bank actually writes a letter indicating they have a high confidence you will qualify for the loan.
No, it doesn't matter how powerful the machines are that do the mining. The system balances it out (increases the difficulty) so that one block is mined every 10 minutes, regardless of whether there's 500 miners in the world or 50 million, it will always be around 10 minutes (sometimes 9 and sometimes 11 though). And one block used to be 50BTC, but every 4 years this halves and so in 100 years the supply increase will be almost 0, miners will still get the transaction fees though.   This means bitcoin is limited to a supply of less than 21 million. Which creates the scarcity.  There's possibly a problem though. Quantum computing might not increase the supply but it could potentially decrypt the encryption, but if that happens the whole internet and digital world will be in trouble and not just bitcoin.
I'd argue that zoning laws are not even I'm the same boat as taxi companies.  Also, again, good on Uber. If the market is broken, and normal citizens can't do shit about it, I'm glad that something or someone could.  Look. There is no reason that a taxi medallion in NYC was considered a good  investment, in a competitive market it wouldn't have been. There is no good reason that the number of cabs on the streets of NYC were the same two years ago as they were in the 60s, despite rampant pupulation and tourism growth.
My wife tells me that Etsy used to be all nice hand made stuff and now it is getting over run with cheap crap.  She says they don't have good quality standards to hold the merchants to.  Sounds like an opportunity to me!
"&gt; That’s not really true. Industries are developed and killed off all the time.  You are right of course.  Since my ""musical chairs"" analogy confused /u/mattcwu I was trying to keep it simple.  My point is that from the perspective of a job seeker, the job market is effectively fixed.  If you improve yourself and get a better job, that job already existed in the system.  New jobs are not created to accommodate your new skills.  &gt; A small capital investment could be used as a replacement for most of the labor.  Correct and the problem is only going to get worse as AI improves.  You are familiar with [CGPGrey's Humans Need Not Apply video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU)?  &gt; It was true with the cotton gin and it will be true with future innovations.  Right, so the problem of non-living wages is systemic.  Maybe need a system that isn't designed to compensate people as little as possible."
"IRS Pub 554 states (click to read full IRS doc):  ""Do not file a federal income tax return if you do not meet the filing requirements and are not due a refund. ... If you are a U.S. citizen or resident alien, you must file a return if your gross income for the year was at least the amount shown on the appropriate line in Table 1-1 below. "" You may not have wage income, but you will probably have interest, dividend, capital gains, or proceeds from sale of a house (and there is a special note that you must file in this case, even if you enjoy the exclusion for primary residence)"
Given that the Apple janitor is a contract worker, shouldn't the focus be on the company that actually pays her and not Apple?  My first job back in the late 80s was as a contractor, making just above the minimum wage as a data entry/office clerk.  I spent two years with them and they had training classes for their employees and vacations.  I would have liked for the New York Times to focus on their story as well; also, I think the comparison shouldn't be between Apple and Kodak but the difference economic environment they faced.  Kodak and they do everything model (even janitorial work) and Apple's decision to outsource everything else.
With student loans at 2%, I wouldn't pay a dime over minimum on that, and I certainly wouldn't sell an investment property to pay them off, you can get CD's that beat 2% interest. With the rentals, you could sell the one that isn't performing as well and pay no capital gains tax if you lived in it 2 of the last 5 years (counting 5 years back from sale date). That'd be a nice chunk of money for your down-payment. The risk of using proceeds to buy a different rental property is that you may find you don't like being a distance landlord, and then you'd lose money selling or be stuck doing something you don't enjoy for a while until you can sell without a loss. Like you mentioned, the risk of selling either/both rental properties is that if the Arizona housing/rental markets do well you'd have given up your position and missed out. Ultimately, I think it's about your desired timeline, if you are content to wait a while to buy in San Diego, you could have a handsome down payment, will know whether or not you like being a distance landlord, and can sell/keep the rentals accordingly. Alternatively, if you want to get a house in San Diego sooner, then selling one or both rentals gets you there faster. If I was in your position, I'd probably sell the rental that I lived in and put that toward a down-payment on a primary residence, keeping the other rental for now and trying my hand at being a distance landlord.
They've actually made some moves that were considered to be  against net neutrality like actively supporting efforts to provide internet service that's limited to only a few websites (including Facebook). So it could be argued that being against net neutrality is aligned with Facebook interests. Either way it's debatable and Hastings is doing his job as an independent board member by doing the evaluation whatever way he decides.
...and why is that?  Almost every job out there has competition.  It may take some time, but if you are really unhappy with your salary or work situation, you can find a job somewhere else.  I'm in the IT industry and that's pretty much the only way I've been able to get a raise higher than 1%.
One thing that a high down payment does is improve the chance that the seller will accept your offer.  Sellers also want to know that your offer is a serious one, and the closer you are to an all-cash buyer, the better.  I've heard of sellers letting OK offers sit on the table because they didn't like the down payment amount.
Would you work for 50% of a billion? how about 40%? 30%? At what point would you retire and sell the company? Because that is the reality behind the topic in question.  If you used to make 80% of a billion. Then 70%, then 60%, then 50%, then 40%.   At what point do you have enough money and want to retire? At what point do you decide that the net results of your efforts are no longer worth your input? This guys is 70+ been working more than half his life in this company.   At what point do you call it quits and move to the beach on your yacht? He has enough assets to do what he wants for the rest of his life and his employees probably do not, but guess who gets to make the decisions whether it continues or gets sold?
a) Go to Money super market and compare all the share dealing accounts and choose one to your liking. b) That depends on one's own circumstances. Nobody can be give you any specific strategies without knowing your financial situation, goals and risk averseness.
Your assumption, the need for two distinct accounts is correct.  Are you sure that the deposit was made to the same account? Since a 401(k) doesn't really have an account number, just your social security number, it may be they report it to you as though it were aggregated, but it's improper for it to be so. With respect (I mean this literally, I have the utmost respect) to littleadv's answer - the aggregation of the two accounts cannot be legitimate. If I wish to invest my Roth side into investments that grow far greater than the Traditional side, the mixing of accounts destroys this possibility. Something is either wrong, or misunderstood.
"One option would be to physically ship the money from Israel to the US. I quickly ran the numbers for shipping different amounts of $100 bills (One pound equals 454 bills) using a popular shipping company. Here are the results:  The ""sweet"" spot is $100,000.  That would only cost you $76 to ship which is just 0.08% of the amount being transferred. Of course, the shipping company's website says international shipments of money are prohibited.  Their website, however, let me categorize the shipment as ""money"".  Strange."
"Not aying you're wron, but do you have any sources showing that young people's premiums will go up SEVERAL times over?  I think your argument would be more convincing with numbers instead of using words like ""far"" and ""significantly"""
Voip Reseller Become a reseller or card seller i have good quality mobile dialer and pc2phone reseller available.zonefone, 1legcall, fonefamily,cool dialer, trivigo dialer, talk dialer, new voiz,TaTa voiz, 24 dialer, web dialer, kwickcannect dialer, klaamclear dialer, fring and nimbuzz sip dialer. Rates&gt;&gt;&gt; BD silver 01———————– 0.0196$ BD gold 0880 ——- 0.0185$ BD IGW ——- 0.0365$ BD WHITE PREMIUM 00880—-0.0357$ INDIA 91 LAND——————— 0.0142$ INDIA 919 MOBILE—————– 0.0112$ INDIA 9194 BSNL—————– 0.0143$ PAKISTAN92———————— 0.0253$ PAKISTAN MOBILE923————0.0162$  For more countries call rate please contact with us.  Thanks and Regards Masum salestalkdialer@gmail.com mobiledialer788@yahoo.com Mobile: 8801711062213, 8801673706969
Just saw him on pbs this week saying that 99% of his wealth will be sold, liquidated, within 10 years of his and his spouse's death.  He probably is getting tax breaks but I imagine the koch brothers get similar breaks while actively fighting to get rid of the estate tax to pass all of their wealth on not just most of it.
When I used to watch Beck (mostly on CNN when he was actually good, not insane) I remember seeing at least one gold commercial per commercial break.  That's not proof of anything, but I think it's a pretty good indicator of where he is coming from.
Aloe Vera juice as a herb provides a lot of advantages in the form of better blood circulation, treating Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), detoxification as well as liberation from ache. The gel of aloe vera is drawn out of the leaves belonging to aloe plant and its application can be made topically.
"So there are a few angles to this.   The previous answers are correct in saying that cash is different than financing and, therefore, the dealer can rescind the offer.  As for financing, the bank or finance company can give the dealership a ""kickback"" or charge a ""fee"" based on the customer's credit score.   So everyone saying that the dealers want you to finance....well yes, so long as you have good credit.  The dealership will make the most money off of someone with good credit.  The bank charges a fee to the dealership for the loan to a customer with bad credit. Use that tactic with good credit...no problem.  Use that tactic with bad credit.....problem."
&gt;U.S. consumers continued to shun passenger cars in favor of larger pickup trucks, SUVs and crossovers.   Curious to why the shift away from passenger cars.  Especially to trucks.  SUV's and crossovers I get as you get the same amount of seating as a passenger car but more cargo space.  I wonder how much longer the sports/muscle cars will last with this trend and that people favoring hybrid and electric engines over straight up petrol ones.
If you have both consumer debt and IRS debt, you can file Chapter 7 bankruptcy to get rid of all of it. The trick is your taxes have to be at least 3 years old from the due date in order to be considered for bankruptcy. So newer taxes, like 2010 and on, can't be discharged yet (and earlier ones may not be yet, there are rules which toll the time) You'll definitely want to talk to a bankruptcy attorney in your area who focusing on discharge in tax debts. You may be able to kill two birds with one stone.  My other concern is are you current? Typically people routinely run up a new debt when trying to settle up on 9old debt. So the OIC route may be a waste of your time. Also, $6000 isn't a lot of money, so there's not a lot of room to negotiate down. It's all how you fill out the 656-OIC. I've seen way to many people not fill it out incorrectly.  The IRS has a limited amount of time to collect on a debt, so if there are old taxes, you may be better off getting into CNC status, which it seems like you would qualify for and let the debt expire on your own. That may be another viable solution. Unfortunately, this is really complicated to get the best result. And good tax debt attorneys fees start at the amount of taxes you owe! So that's not really cost effective to hire one.
Like a lot of places I think it matters how you make it. Usually one protein and a little bit of everything ends up tasting good. It also pairs well with Tabasco, and it's delicious eaten as a dip with their chips.
With an investment, you tend to buy it for a very specific purpose, namely to make you some money. Either via appreciation (ie, it hopefully increases value after you take all the fees and associated costs into account, you sell the investment, realise the gains) or via a steady cashflow that, after you subtracted your costs, leaves you with a profit. Your primary residence is a roof over your head and first and foremost has the function of providing shelter for yourself and your family. It might go up in value, which is somewhat nice, but that's not its main purpose and for as long as you live in the house, you cannot realise the increase in value as you probably don't want to sell it. Of course the remortgage crowd would suggest that you can increase the size of the mortgage (aka the 'home atm') but (a) we all know how that movie ended and (b) you'd have to factor in the additional interest in your P&L calculation. You can also buy real estate as a pure investment, ie with the only objective being that you plan to make money on this. Normally you'd buy a house or an apartment with a view of renting it out and try to increase your wealth both due to the asset's appreciation (hopefully) and the rent, which in this scenario should cover the mortgage, all expenses and still leave you with a bit of profit. All that said, I've never heard someone use the reasoning you describe as a reason not to buy a house and stay in an apartment - if you need a bigger place for your family and can afford to buy something bigger, that falls under the shelter provision and not under the investment.
i always found his advice to give to charity because it had a karma effect on your wealth to be hilarious. i was struck by the kiyosaki bug too when i saw his presentation on pbs. i discovered his board game where there were apparently people paying 300 dollars for it. pbs has some retarded shit. there was also another guy with a personal finance presentation. he acted like an infomercial all the way til the end where he revealed the secret was life insurance. personal finance on pbs is the equivalent of the history channel's aliens.
Part A solution:  Assume no turnover in A.:      Average Balance * Annual Interest - Average Balance * Annual Cost of funds + Annual Fee = Profit from A        Profit From A = Average Balance * Interest Rate - Cost of Funds * Average Balance + Annual Fee     So for B here is the sneaky thing, the Average Balance is 1/12 of the Volume... That makes it really simple...       Volume * InterChange - Average Balance * Cost of Funds + Annual Fee = Profit From A       Volume = 12 x Average Balance So:       12 x Average Balance * Interchange (0.015) - Average Balance * Cost of Funds (0.04) + Annual Fee (Say 50)= Profit From A (260)       0.18* Average Balance - 0.04 * Average Balance = 210  Average Balance = 210/.14  Annual turnover = 12* Average Balance   Come @ me bro :p
There are many places in the US without taxis or public transportation. I don't think self driving car fleets where you call one on demand will get a foothold. It would be impractical to send a car 20 miles to pick someone up and drive them to work every day. Even with algorithms that car pool people, the cost will be high.
A free market requires consumer feedback in the market as a check to the actions of the producer/seller.  Because of the nature of health care, the consumer doesn't have the power to check the price setting power of the producer/seller by going to another seller with a better price.  Market competition in the health care market is illusory.
"Hmm, this would seem to be impossible by definition.  The definition of an ""index fund"" is that it includes exactly the stocks that make up the index. Once you say ""... except for ..."" then what you want is not an index fund but something else. It's like asking, ""Can I be a vegetarian but still eat beef?"" Umm, no. There might be someone offering a mutual fund that has the particular combination of stocks that you want, resembling the stocks making up the index except with these exclusions. That wouldn't be an index fund at that point, but, etc. There are lots of funds out there with various ideological criteria. I don't know of one that matches your criteria. I'd say, search for the closest approximation you can find. You could always buy individual stocks yourself and create your own pseudo-index fund. Depending on how many stock are in the index you are trying to match and how much money you have to invest, it may not be possible to exactly match it mathematically, if you would have to buy fractions of shares. If the number of shares you had to buy was very small you might get killed on broker fees. And I'll upvote @user662852's answer for being a pretty close approximation to what you want."
"I really want a CEO to play up impending doom one time. ""We seriously need funding. Anybody out there want some equity with warrants?""   Here's to hoping that this company does well. As of now, that is too much for me to pay for a car."
"The OP does not explain ""what we pay for processing the transaction (cost of debiting the customer)"".  Who exactly do you pay?  Someone else, or your own employees/contractors?  I will assume that $0.10 is paid to your own employees. Dr $10cash from money people give you Cr $10 liability to them because it is their money in your accounts. Dr $0.10 cash payment of paycheques or supplier invoices Cr $0.10 income statement Operating Eexpense  Dr 0.20 liability to depositors for fees they pay, resulting in $9.80 remaining liability for their money you still have. Cr 0.20 income statement Fee Revenues"
"Yeah, I'm sure it's all about health.  It couldn't possibly be about reducing food costs.  I mean, what's [roughly $8,000 per employee](http://www.businessinsider.com/2008/4/googles-ginormous-food-budget-7530-per-googler) annually, right?  It's not like this will reduce the meat costs by [~27% (or more, as this was years ago)](http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2013/11/05/243218136/make-room-for-mushrooms-fungi-compete-with-meat-in-burgers).   Surely a corporation wouldn't pretend to be doing something for some other reason if it meant they'll start saving millions of dollars in perks.   Edit: Bonus points.  This was written by ""3P Contributor"" and published as basically paid blogspam."
"&gt;Simon Salamon, 60, a regular Whole Foods shopper, said the price drop brought him to the East 57th Street store. &gt;&gt;“It reminded me why I shop at Amazon,” he said. “Ninety-nine percent of the time they have the best prices and their return policy is great. With the prices lower, I think we’re more likely to shop here every day.”   This sounds like it was written for /r/hailcorporate.   Was the article written first and they paid actors to read the lines?  The ""now priced at!!!"" photos look like a grocery ad."
I have no bias, I only have the same interest in Obama wining as the rest of the world does. Bluffing in politics is the same as being liar and using influence in critical circles to achieve the goal. This isnt a symptom of either party but all politicians in general. My dont come from a place of bias, only observation.
I'm not a financial guy, but I handle decent amounts of money. I don't care how much money you take in, money only makes so much money. Sure, $1 million throws off decent interest (at least it used to), but it doesn't generate enough money to ever sustain a Ponzi scheme. Don't be fooled by what $20 million generates everyday in an account. It's never enough to pay back investors a fair return on their money.
Agreed, but there's also a modifier these days of how fast you can learn new things. It definitely helps get your foot in the door to know someone, but to be more 'employment agile' one really needs to be able to pickup and learn new concepts all the time.
"&gt;The fact of the matter is, if someone is sketchy enough to help you rob a bank, their character and judgement is suspect.  That's a massive generalization and a value statement you cannot possibly back up. What if one is robbing a bank because the bank stole from him/her? What if there's a sick kid and the only option is to either rob a bank or allow the child to die? What if someone's family is being held hostage, and the hostage taker is forcing them to rob a bank?   &gt;This sentence is a bit of a fallacy in of itself after reading the linked article above.  That's not what fallacy means. A fallacy is a logical misstep, like arguing against a person instead of their argument (ad hom), arguing against a different argument than the other party is making (strawman) or arguing that something is true because most people believe it (ad populum). If you think someone is wrong about something, you can say so and demonstrate it, but not everything you disagree with is a fallacy.   &gt;We just read about how the return on bank robbery is complete garbage, so anyone who would think it a good idea is de facto stupid.  No, we read about how the average return on a bank robbery isn't worth it. Average. Not all.   &gt;And if you think there's any loyalty among criminals, you are incredibly naive...  ""There's no honor among thieves"" is just a fun turn of phrase. It's not some philosophical or psychological law."
Car Expo 2014 is the most awaited show in Oman to launch your new releases to the target buyers. All the visitors can find all the products and services for their vehicles at can also get the information regarding the latest models of globally known vehicle brands.
You're going to have a huge problem getting approved for anything as long as you have an unpaid bill on your report. Pay it and make sure its reported as paid in full - ASAP. Once that settled, your credit will start to improve slowly. Can't do anything about that, it will take time. You can make the situation improve a bit faster by lending money to yourself and having it reported regularly on your report. How? Easy. Get a secured credit card. What does it mean? You put X amount of money in a CD and the bank will issue you a credit card secured by that CD. Your credit line will be based on the amount in that CD, and you'll probably pay some fees to the bank for the service (~$20-50/year, shop around). You might get lucky and find a secured card without fees, if you look hard enough. Secured cards are reported as revolving credit (just as any other credit card) and are easy to get because the bank doesn't take the risk - you do.  If you default on your payments - your CD goes to cover the debt, and the card gets cancelled. But make absolutely sure that you do not default. Charge between 10% and 30% of the credit limit each month, not more. Pay the balance shown on your credit card statement in full every month and by the due date shown on your monthly statement.  It will take a while, but you would typically start noticing the improvement within ~6-12 months. Stop applying for stuff. Not store cards, not car loans, you're not going to get anything, and will just keep dragging your scores down. Each time you have a pull on your report, the score goes down. A lot of pulls, frequent pulls - the score goes down a lot. Lenders can see when one is desperate, and no-one wants to lend money to desperate people.  Optimally lenders want to lend money to people who doesn't need loans, but in order to keep the business running they'll settle for slightly less - people who don't usually need loans, and pay the loans they do have on time. You fail on both, as you're desperate for a loan and you have unpaid bills on your report.
Someone online asking for your bank account info never has your best interests at heart. They can send you a check and while it may take a while to really clear, they can't use it to suck money out of your account. Be very cautious.
SeaWorld had plans to expand the whale habitats. Huge frickin habitats for the whales. However, they no longer can afford to do it due to declining income. As far as other animals, Busch Gardens Tampa has 65 acres of animal habitat in the Serengeti plain alone. The apes have huge enclosures modeled after their natural habitats as well. The parks can't exactly replicate their native environments but they do their best in ways that are safe for the animals, handlers and visitors to the park.
Update: here is a message the seller just sent me. Does this make sense?  I spoke with my bank again and they explained it a little better for me. I guess how it works is they will print out something for you that is called an affidavit in lieu of title that states they are no longer the lein holder and to release it to you. You then take that to the dol and they get it put in your name. He says that's how they do it all the time. When we get to the bank, the teller just verifies the check and I deposit it and they release the funds to pay off the account and that's when you would get the paperwork. You would be there for the whole process so nothing is sketchy. Sorry it's such a pain, I didn't understand how that worked. We've never sold a car with a loan on it before.
&gt; integrity and honesty is the lifeblood of any company who wants to stay in business for longer than a short period  But this is not what we have seen in the real world. Plenty of successful, prominent companies have abused their power, taken advantage of customers, or done things that harm the public. People have imperfect information and often don't know much about any given company.
No. That's backward thinking. These people are being held below a  livable standard by otherwise failed business models. This country has the most profitable businesses in the world. Those jobs will be replaced, and those people will be better off. That is how markets work.  Individuals who would rather see people toil endlessly for terrible businesses kept on life support by poor economic policy are the ones who should be ashamed.
How do ETF makers like Direxion make money? Since the contents of the ETF are known, why would anyone pay a premium to buy the basket of securities that it is composed of? Couldn't I just assemble the ETF myself for free?
This is how I've understood this concept. Fibonacci nos/levels/ratios/%s is based on concept of sequential increment. You may find lot of info about Fibonacci on net. In stock market this concept is used to predict psychological level. While a trend is form, usually price tend to accumulate/consolidate at these level. How the percentage/ ratio make impact is  - check any long trend...Now draw a fibbo retracement from immediate previous high and connect it's low. You will see new levels of intermediate trend. In broader term you will find after reversal a leg (trend) is formed, then body and then head which is smaller; then price reverses. The first leg that forms if it refuses to break 23.6% or 38.2% then the previous trend may continue. 50% is normal; usually this level is indecision phase. Even 61.8% is seen as indecision but it is crucial level as it is breakout level towards 100%. Now if the stock retraces 100% then it is sign a new big trend is forming. Now for day trader 23.6%,38.2% and 50% level are very crucial from trading purpose. This concept is so realistic that every level is considered and respected. Suppose if a candle or bar starts at 23.6% level and crosses 38.2% and directly hits 50%. Then the next bar or candle will revert and first hit 38.2% and then continue with the trend. It means price comes back, forms it area at this level and then continue whichever direction the force directs it. You never trade fibo alone, you need help of oscillators or other tools to confirm it.
&gt; A significant proportion of recent economic growth has relied on borrowed money -- today standing at a dizzying 325 percent of global gross domestic product. Debt allows society to accelerate consumption, as borrowings are used to purchase something today against the promise of future repayment. Unfunded entitlements to social services, health care and pensions increase those liabilities. The bill for these commitments will soon become unsustainable, as demographic changes make it more difficult to meet.
"You need a GOOD *ERP* (or at least MRP II) implementation; which means you need someone VERY familiar with (or someone who *becomes* very familiar with) your business to get it done right.  Those don't come setup for some unique business as an ""off the shelf"" thing; and while many are ""customizable"", you can easily end up in customization hell (both dollar-wise, operation-interruption-wise, and [technical-debt](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technical_debt)-wise).  But this really begs for someone to ask: **Why are you not maintaining &amp; updating your existing custom software?**  Why attempt to ditch something that is (hopefully) ""working"" fairly well, for the *highly risky* prospect of some entirely new (untested) system?    Is the business-logic and the operation of the old system working well?  While it might seem to be costly in terms of time &amp; money, your BEST BET (in my experience) would be to get a REALLY GOOD programmer (possibly with a cheap assistant/temp helper to do some grunt work for him) to document, maintain, and then slowly upgrade your current (already in place) software (and/or rewrite it to use modern DB's, web interfaces, etc.)   Because changing out your MRP system is like replacing all the arteries and veins in your body... it will NOT be a pleasant experience (and the patient may not survive the operation, even if the implementation is a labeled a ""success"") -- the business graveyard is littered with the corpses of ERP/MRP victims.  The ""big dogs"" have three HUGE upfront cost areas: 1. The ""consultants"" (in various teams/stages); 2. The underlying database/software costs (initial licenses); 3. The ONGOING licenses; 4. The ONGOING ""customization"" fixes (if you ever want to upgrade -- alas most of the consultants who do ""customizations"" don't do/document it in a way that facilitates easy upgrades -- in part because that would significantly reduce their income)."
High water table next to a river may be a serious flood risk - and flood insurance on a buried multi thousand gallon tank of gas may be prohibitively expensive. Everything I've read and experienced about gas station is that you don't make money off the gas - as in the margin is almost nill. Also in 10-20 years what percentage of cars on the road will be electric?
No offense to any bankers who are reading, but i find it remarkable that they can confuse what I'd expect to be an otherwise simple explanation. If at the end of each day the interest is added, you go to sleep with a new balance. At the moment it's added, you have no interest due, just a higher principal amount than when you went to sleep last night. When I view my loan, I know how much interest added to principal since the last payment. Any amount I pay over that has to go to principal. Forgive me, but the rest sounds like nonsense.
If one makes say, $10K/mo, and the company will match the first 5% dollar for dollar, a 10%/mo deposit of $1K/mo will see a $500/mo match. If the employee manages to request 90% get put into the 401(k), after 2 months, he's done.  If the company wished, they could continue the $500/mo match, I agree. They typically don't and in fact, the 'true up' you mention isn't even required, one is fortunate to get it. Many companies that match are going the other way, matching only after the year is over. Why? Why does any company do anything? To save money. I used to make an attempt to divide my deposit over the year to max out the 401(k) in December and get the match real time, not a true up.
If you are just starting out learning to code then really just pick a language. You'll learn some principles that can be transfered to other languages and with experience that becomes easier every time.   Python is easy great for beginners since it is free, has a great community and support online, and is pretty well suited for data analysis. There are several books for using Python for finance (Google that phrase). Python is also quite popular for web development which might be another way to learn to code. It will require learning HTML and sql/databases besides python but even so might be more accessible rather than jumping into data analysis while learning how to code. Depends on the person though.
No. PayPal payments are credited to a PayPal account. PayPal doesn't let you pay arbitrary banks or credit cards, that defeats the purpose of PayPal and there are other services which can do that cheaper or with less hassle. You need to find another mutually available and satisfactory option with your client.
"Companies absolutely know who ALL their shareholders are. Ownership is filed on Form 3/4 and in 10-Q/Ks. Look there.  Guidelines for required disclosure are as follows: 1) Individuals must disclose when their ownership exceeds 5%; 2) Non-individual legal entities (read: companies; e.g. a hedge fund) must disclose when their ownership exceeds 10% (Form 13-F); and 3) All Officers and Directors Notice the word ""required."" For example, a entity (individual/company) may file ""confidentiality letter"" (which allows them to delay disclosing ownership) with the SEC as they are building a position.  So at any given point in time the information that is publicaly available may not be ""up-to-date."" And in all cases beneficial owner(ship)."
I suppose if you consider tax liability, and when you moved back in with your parents they started claiming you as a dependent on their taxes, but otherwise single-filer means you are your own household regardless of who rents to you.
Crochet is your one stop destination for free crochet patterns for blankets. Whether you want a simple basic Afghan crocket pattern or a bit more advanced pattern, our detailed, easy to follow free patterns can help you create the desires Afghans like baby Afghans, granny square Afghans and much more.
Although I posted this question more than a year ago, I subsequently read information which may be of use as an answer, specifically regarding Pritchard Stockbrokers in the UK several years ago, in which the FSCS stepped in to compensate investors, as detailed in the following: http://www.fscs.org.uk/what-we-cover/questions-and-answers/qas-about-pritchard-stock-6n940n01k/ http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89957c56-21e4-11e3-9b55-00144feab7de.html#axzz3crZYbGZ9 For reference, in case the links above are at some point in future taken offline, the FSCS FAQ states: Q: I had “deposited” money with Pritchard so can I expect £85,000 compensation from FSCS?  A: No. Pritchard was not a deposit-taker so the money held does not qualify under regulatory rules as a deposit. The money will be treated as an investment, which carries maximum FSCS compensation of £50,000 per person. FSCS has no discretion to pay any more. Q: What happens if my losses are over the FSCS maximum of £50,000 and I accept the FSCS’s compensation?  A: If you choose to accept compensation from FSCS, you will be required to assign (or legally transfer) to FSCS all of your rights to claim in the Administration. FSCS will then claim in the Administration standing “in your shoes” and will claim for the whole of your loss, even if it was over £50,000. When FSCS receives the dividends in your place it will then pay to you any amounts recovered to ensure that you do not suffer a disadvantage for having accepted FSCS compensation first. Example 1: Loss = £80,000 FSCS compensation = £50,000 Dividend of 50p/£ received by FSCS = £40,000 FSCS pays £30,000 to claimant so he is fully compensated (total £80,000), and retains £10,000 recovery for itself Example 2: Loss = £100,000 FSCS compensation = £50,000 Dividend of 50p/£ received by FSCS = £50,000 FSCS pays £50,000 to claimant so he is fully compensated (total £100,000), and retains nothing for itself FSCS does not have to have make a full recovery of its £50,000 before it starts paying its dividend recovery on to claimants. Claimants are not compelled to claim from FSCS, or to accept the FSCS offer of compensation. If a person does not want to transfer his legal rights to claim in the Administration to FSCS in return for accepting the payment of compensation, then s/he can decline our compensation and continue his claim in the Administration. After s/he has received the dividend(s), s/he can then return to FSCS to claim for any remaining shortfall. Therefore, the answer provided by @DumbCoder was correct, but in circumstances where fraudulent activity would mean otherwise, the FSCS was willing to intervene on the behalf of investors.
"This article on the landlord website Property118.com shows a simple example, demonstrating that a private landlord with a mortgage could see a huge jump in their effective tax rate (in this case, from 18% to 67% by 2020), while a corporate landlord will see no change at all. There's also a link in that article to a detailed report which is highly critical of the tax changes. The government obviously take a different view! (See here for more worked examples of how the tax changes will be applied). More information can be found on this on various landlord sites. A key phrase to look for is ""section 24"", referring to the section of the Finance (No. 2) Act 2015 which implements the change. Note that this change only applies to private landlords (i.e. those who own a property personally, rather than through a company), and who have a mortgage on the property, and who (after the new calculations) are higher or additional rate taxpayers."
The idea that you should buy quality, long lasting clothes shouldn't go unchallenged. It's just not true for everybody. If you have a job or a lifestyle that makes it so your clothes are going to get worn out fast regardless of quality, buying expensive clothes doesn't make sense. With that said: look for heavier-feeling fabrics, avoid colors that will fade (or worse: bleed into your other clothes in the wash). Check the laundry instructions so you can see whether they're on the delicate end of the spectrum. Re: how to extend the life: avoid bleach. Even color safe bleach contains peroxide which can break down fabrics faster.
FWIW I passed CFA L1 with almost no understanding of financial statements. It's super important like others said but if you're good at the other areas a pass is possible. I used ADAPT prep which was really good
"The personal checks may be due to their bank not issuing the company checks yet and there may also not be a payroll system in place at this time. So far as the W2's are concerned you should probably ask the owner if they plan on distributing them to the employees. If the owner has no interest in making you proper ""on the books employees"" let them know that they should probably be paying you in cash so that if the IRS comes you wont be tied to it. Obviously working in cash (off the books) has its drawbacks (no rights or protections) and benefits (no taxes)."
"First, is population density. You didn't say where exactly, but for example here in Tampa, Wells Fargo has 25 branches in the area  (though that is a bit larger then what I would think of the Tampa area as a local) Second, we can mix in service expectation. I expect that in addition to ""good"" online service, ""great"" phone service, ""great"" email service, that when I have a problem, don't understand something, or want to talk about my options for investing or choosing account types, that I am able to go into a branch. That I can ""walk in"" and see someone quickly, or schedule an appointment and see some one right away (at my appointment time).  Together, these two options means that on a busy day, the nearest Wells Fargo Branch to me has at any one time, 50 - 60 people in it. Smaller branches, of course have less, and larger branches exist. So it just takes that many branches to address the number of people and their expected needs.  As to why there are so many different brands/banks Well that's just the USA. We believe in capitalism. We have believed in it much stronger in the past, but banks are the central to capitalism so why shouldn't they serve as an example.  At it's core (a very simplistic look) Capitalism and a free market means that we as customers are better served by having lots of different brands fighting for our business. It should drive more consumer desired features  (like lower prices, higher interest rates, better fee schedules, etc.) while forcing those brands to operate ""better"". (Just ignore the bail out, that's a loaded topic) So for some of us, we want a big bank like Wells Fargo, because we want the rates, structure, and service they can provide as a ""big bank"". For others they want the more personal touch of a ""small bank"". There are benefits both ways.  For example there may be a bank that only allows people with excellent credit to open accounts. That allows they to have lower over all mortgage rates, but means their checking accounts have higher minimums. While the next bank may be more inclusive, and have smaller minimum balances, but as a result charge more for loans.  We like our options, and rest assured all those ""brands"" offer products that have differences that attract customers."
[KarmaKaiser](http://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/mw301/5_reasons_money_can_buy_happiness/c34ecvh) posted a nice article about why money doesn't buy happiness, one of the reasons is that people are incorrect about what makes them happy. So I could even argue that you shouldn't be absolutely certain about *yourself*. You may be right, just don't be too sure :-).
&gt; Securitize the mortgages and sell them off to hapless clients.  to expand on that, these loans were being packaged with 100s of others and sold to investors who could not possibly be bothered with examining each of the properties or borrowers.  They were sold for decent fees to the bank, and if the bank sold them all, had no risk, and pocketed fees from both ends.  The banks needed as many loans as possible because they thought they could sell them all.  The significance of this admission isn't so much that it was always ridiculous that the illiterate and unsophisticated were taking advantage of banks generosity, but that they can no longer say the ridiculous with a straight face.
"Ex-Apple Store employee here. I didn't read the article, but then again I didn't need to. Apple is a great company, blah blah blah. Here's the bottom line: If I sell $15,000 of computers in 6 hours (something that's not so terribly hard to do), I still get paid the same $11.5/hr. Why the fuck should I work harder to sell? Pressure from above. Also they print a list of how much everyone has sold by day, week, month, quarter and YTD. You want to be in the top 5 of that list.  Now, I worked there from 2008-2010, so things could be a lot different there now. But I suspect they're not. There's a huge amount of churn, as someone said, and I'd argue that it is entirely to keep happy smiling dumb faces there all the time. The ""Lifers"" are huge tools who suck big ones.   I still love Apple. Just glad I don't work for them."
Most inversion and tax sheltering deals like this are structured whereby their US division sends any profits to their offshore division as intellectual property licensing payments, or some form of financial instrument like inter-company loans, and the interest payments just so happen to be about as large as the US profits in that particular year.  Every time rules have been proposed to try and limit these sorts of arrangements, either they get killed in congress or additional loopholes are discovered and the same behavior continues.
The best answer I can give is - be prepared for change. There's no perfect question you can ask or assurance you can get prior to accepting the offer that will give you any particularly perfect security or sense of stability here.  The company itself is going through a change of identity that can change how it will do business and even what the business is and how revenue is acquired.  In the time of the acquisition your role within the company could change radically for better or worse, it could even be eliminated entirely. If that type of uncertainty doesn't appeal to you - don't take the position. If you are absolutely psyched about this job, the best thing you can do is to learn more about the business itself and see if you can make any educated bets about how your role will play into the changes in business strategy that will come with the acquisition.
Sure they do, NY literally did just that..  https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2016/10/21/13361536/airbnb-new-york-cuomo-bill-ban-short-term  I'm still right and everything you say STILL doesn't refute the fact that every city that has similar laws, yet, AirBnB still allows listings; is bustling with listings.  Nothing you're saying is remotely helping your case.
I think it will be some time before we see the full effect this legislation will have on the overall markets. Insurance, as an industry is a tricky beast. Logically speaking for an industry outsider it may make sense that with more customers the insurance industry will mak emore money but, in actuality many people who could not previously get insurance are going to be getting insurance. What this means is that though the insurance companies will have more clients thier costs are likely to go up substantially. Which in turn will create downward pressure on profits and as a result stock prices.
For the rollover, you should probably talk to the recipient manager.  This would be your broker or whomever (your new employer if rolling into another 401k).  They should be able to update you on progress and let you know if you need to do anything.   In a comment, you say  I could be putting in money but instead im lossing. There is no requirement that an IRA have 401k money in it.  Just put the money in without the existing money.  Eventually the rollover will complete and add that money to whatever you contribute to the IRA.  The rollover should not affect your future contributions in any way.
This shifting is costs is made even worse by the fact that the worst breaches are coming from companies that most consumers don't have a choice about dealing with. Therefore, there isn't even a market incentive to encourage companies to behave better. If a bank or credit card had no fraud protection, or showed the level of incompetence Equifax has shown, people would move their accounts. However most of Equifax's victims didn't really have a say about whether Equifax had their data.
The Canada Revenue Agency describes in detail here what information businesses must generally include on their invoices so that GST/HST registrants can claim Input Tax Credits (ITCs) for the expenses. Quote: Sales invoices for GST/HST registrants You have to give customers who are GST/HST registrants specific   information on the invoices, receipts, contracts, or other business   papers that you use when you provide taxable goods and services. This   information lets them support their claims for input tax credits   (ITCs) or rebates for the GST/HST you charged. [...] The page quoted continues with a table describing what, specifically, needs to be on a sales invoice based on the total amount of the invoice; the requirements differ for: total sale under $30, total sale between $30 to $149.99, and total sale $150 or more. For the total sale under $30 category, the only things a sales invoice must contain to support an ITC claim are (1) the provider's business name, (2) the invoice date, and (3) the total amount paid/payable. i.e. When the total sale is under $30, there is no requirement for any GST/HST amount to be indicated separately, nor for a business number to be present on the invoice. Hence, IMHO (and I am neither an accountant nor a lawyer), if your Uber rides are for $30 or less, then you shouldn't expect a GST/HST number anyway, and a simple invoice as described should be enough for you to claim your ITCs. Whether or not the provider is registered in fact for GST/HST is beside the point. For amounts over $30, you need a bit more. While the page above specifies that the provider's business number should be included beginning with the next level of total sales,  there are exceptions to those rules described at another page mentioned, Exceptions to invoice requirements, that specifically apply to the taxi/limousine case. Quote: Exceptions to invoice requirements GST/HST registrants are required to keep the necessary documentation   to support their claim for ITCs and rebates. In certain circumstances   the documentation requirements have been reduced. [...] For taxi or limousine fares your books and records must show: So at a minimum, for fare in excess of $30 total, you should ask the driver to note either (a) the amount of GST/HST charged, or (b) a statement that the fare includes GST/HST. The driver's business number need not be specified. Consequently, if your receipt for a ride in excess of $30 does not contain any such additional information with respect to GST/HST, then I would expect the receipt does not satisfy the CRA's requirements for supporting your ITC claim. i.e. Keep your individual rides under $30 each, or else get a better receipt from the driver when it is above that amount. p.s. It should go without saying, but your rides, of course, must be considered reasonable business expenses in order to qualify for GST/HST ITCs for your business. Receipts for rides of a personal nature are not eligible, so be sure to maintain proper records as to the business purpose and destination for each ride receipt so claimed.
"this is terrible... ""make a culture from the brand?""... they listed apple's ""think different"", but not ONCE was that brand tied to their culture... nor was anything about google's brand tied to the questions it asked.  I stopped reading after about the third bullet. Stupid. Completely stupid."
"You'd have to check the rules for your broker to make sure that the term is being used in its usual sense, but the typical answer to your question is ""no.""  A GTC will execute during market hours.  You would need to explicitly specify extended hours if you want to execute outside of market hours (which your broker may or may not support)."
You first compute your Ordinary Income (which includes Dividends, since they are taxed as OI), then you apply the standard tax bracket function to it, which is a piecewise linear function f() such that TAX = f(INCOME). It can be found at About.com. You can transform this into NET_INCOME = g(INCOME) = INCOME - TAX = INCOME - f(INCOME). Presumably g() is what you want to graph. I've actually graphed it before:  Not too interesting, even on a LogLog scale. More interesting is the marginal tax rate, which is the derivative of f(), or the negative of the derivative of g():  ST (straight tax) shows what the marginal tax rate would look like if f() was just f(x)=kx or f(x)=kx+c, i.e. a straight/flat tax. The net tax rate (f(x)/x) actually gets more interesting if you also include [federal subsidies/deductions](Src: http://fbheron.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/fedassistance_ft.jpg) as a negative tax:  Capital Gains are taxed separately and have (almost) nothing to do with this function. Corporate tax is not payed by you (although the burden of the tax [technical term] may fall upon you). Sorry I couldn't simplify; taxes are just complicated.
Yes. As a general case, insurance proceeds are repaying you for the damage that you have already incurred, not specifically for fixing anything.  Since you have the legal right to sell the house as-is, without fixing it up at all, then you have the legal right to spend the insurance proceeds how you see fit. You can upgrade, downgrade, alter or replace your deck in any reasonable way... or do nothing.    You should call your agent and make sure that there is nothing unusual in your policy, but this kind of homeowner decision - what materials or methods to fix damage to a home... is very normal and unremarkable, so your agent will probably reassure you and end the conversation without a second's thought.
"&gt; that it violates the price floors on various products  Valve Software and their Steam service has also been accused of this by the big name game vendors, specifically regarding their Xmas and Summer sales.  ""oh noes, you're devaluing the price floor of games! Now our customers will expect reasonable prices for old games, and might not buy our brand new $80 games!""  http://www.reddit.com/r/GameDeals/comments/nmuej/steam_christmas_sale_day_4/"
I think your right that these people don't have zero bargaining power, but even with everything you've listed, they still don't have much. The difficult thing we have to deal with as a society is that some portion of our population isn't capable of or willing to provide enough value in the labor market to support themselves sufficiently. Personally I think the solution to that is more MGI or UBI. Tampering with the market price for labor just creates an artificial floor that leaves the least skilled earning the real minimum wage, which is always zero.
Because nothing ever is so simple. There is a lot we don't know and its a learning process. I will never blindly assume something is true because it seems true or it is convenient for it to be true.   I hear your kind of argument from politicians all the time, just because something is true for them they assume it should be true for everyone. That's why we have doctors, researchers and engineers and economists, they tell you stuff you might not know. So you can either rub a leaf on your stomach for your illness or you can take the pill scientists worked on for years...same argument. I don't assume to know everything, when some one with more experience says something is not, I will consider it. Instead of blindly following my own beliefs.
The casino market is too saturated. I live in Maryland. Charles Town (WV) casino is 40 minutes away to the north. Live Casino is 40 minutes to the East. A new one is being built in Baltimore city, Holywood is 2 hours away to the further East. People in the region don't really have a good reason to drive 4 hours and go through 10 toll booths to play at AC.
"During the day, market and limit orders are submitted at any time by market participants and there is a bid and an ask that move around over time.  Trades occur whenever a market order is submitted or a limit order is submitted that at a price that matches or exceeds an existing limit order.  If you submit a market order, it may consume all best-price limit orders and you can get multiple prices, changing the bid or ask at the same time.  All that stuff happens during the trading day only. What happens at the end of the day is different.  A bunch of orders that were submitted during the day but marked as ""on close"" are aggregated with any outstanding limit orders to create a single closing price according to the algorithm established by the exchange.  Each exchange may handle the details of this closing event differently.  For example, the Nasdaq's closing cross or the NYSE's closing auction. The close is the most liquid time of the day, so investors who are trading large amounts and not interested in intraday swings will often submit a market-on-close or limit-on-close order.  This minimizes their chance of affecting the price or crossing a big spread.  It's actually most relevant for smaller stocks, which may have too little volume during the day to make big trades, but have plenty at the close.  In short, the volume you see is due to these on-close orders. The spike in volume most likely has no special information about what will happen overnight or the next day.  It's probably just a normal part of the market for illiquid stocks."
Purchasing an option to sell the stock is probably the safest bet. This gives you reasonable leverage, and your risk is limited to the cost of the option. Say the stock currently sells for $100 per share. You think it will drop to $80 per share in the next two weeks and the market thinks the price will be stable. Now, consider an option to sell one share of that stock for $95 any time within the next two weeks. The market would consider that option nearly worthless, since in all likelihood, you would lose out by exercising it (since you could just sell the share on the market for a price expected to be higher than that). You might be able to acquire that option for $5. Now, say you're right and within two weeks, the price drops to $80. Now you can purchase a share for $80, exercise the option to sell it for $95, and pocket $15. That would make you a $10 profit on a $5 investment. If you're wrong, you just let the option lapse and are out $5. No problem. In reality, you would buy a number of such options. And you wouldn't actually buy a share and exercise the option, you would just sell the option back to its issuer for $15.
is it really so important to have good credit with so much collateral Yes it is important to have good credit, the bank may not lend or may charge higher for bad credit. If you were to default the bank will get all that equity so You are missing the fundamental. Bank cannot take more than what they are owed. When they take possession of house, they auction it. Take what was due from the sale and return any surplus to the owner. This entire process takes time and hence bank wants to avoid giving loan to someone who they feel is risky. Edit: There are different aspects of risk that the bank factors.
"You said: ""should I make a side contract with the realtor to pay me the commission at closing?"" I would imagine that in most (if not all) states, that is illegal. This is because selling real estate is an activity that requires passing an exam on real estate laws and obtaining a state-issued license. You are not ""bringing a buyer"" because you are not an agent.  If you decide to go directly to the Realtor that has the listing, there is a possibility that the agent might agree to lowering their commission in order to make the sale. However, the agent is entitled to both sides of the commission because they bear all the administrative and marketing costs of the transaction.  The listing agent might choose to enter into a ""dual agency"" agreement where they would have to fairly represent both sides, but they cannot reveal information that would be helpful to you as a buyer (e.g., why the seller is choosing to sell, other material facts about the property that are not public knowledge, etc.). If there is no written ""dual agency"" agreement, then the listing agent ONLY represents the seller.  In either scenario, you lose the benefit of a full fiduciary relationship with an agent. So if you choose to deal directly with the listing agent, you are making one of the biggest purchases of your lifetime WITHOUT the benefit of professional representation. Do you really want that? Put another way: would you use your spouse's attorney in a divorce so that you could save money?"
"That wasn't really my point.  I was countering the attitudes that  1.  Landlords vs slumlords - somehow I doubt if the author lives in a real slum with a landlord that provides substandard housing.  Why call a landlord a derogatory name for providing you a place to live&gt;?  2.  The idea that the ""slumlords"" somehow conspired to artificially inflate, then deflate the quiet and lovely neighborhood.  Pretty ridiculous notion in my opinion.  Not to mention that buying a home in an area with abysmal schools doesn't seem to be a good idea if you have a ""gifted daughter"", unless you can afford to send her to private schools."
Online money transfer facility from Axis Remit is a quick and easy way to transfer money from USA to India. AxisRemit is Axis Bank's flagship inward remittance service enables you to transfer money to your beneficiaries through the most efficient channels like online money transfer, exchange houses and money transfer operators.
Assuming both halves have the same serial number printed on them, yes - a glued back together torn bill would be valid. You may exchange it at any US bank. If banks don't want to deal with that - send it to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP). If you only have one half, and it is exactly one half - then it is useless. That is why the person in the comics said that his halves are useless to him. The banks or the BEP will want at least most of the paper currency to replace it. The act itself (tearing the physical currency intentionally) is a felony with up to 5 years in the Federal prison.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://religionnews.com/2017/09/26/witch-doctors-are-sacrificing-children-in-this-drought-stricken-african-country/) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; His remains suggest he was slowly killed as part of a human sacrifice ritual performed by witch doctors, apparently to appease the spirits, said Mukisa, who filed a police report.  &gt; Pastor Peter Sewakiryanga, who heads Kyampisi Childcare Ministries, a Christian organization that fights child sacrifice in Uganda, said children disappear in the country every week.  &gt; Sewakiryanga said his charity worked with Ugandan police three years ago to arrest a witch doctor and his accomplices who sacrificed a 7-year-old girl named Suubi.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/72nc9i/witch_doctors_are_sacrificing_children_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~217080 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **sacrifice**^#1 **police**^#2 **Uganda**^#3 **arrest**^#4 **witch**^#5"
"&gt; Well, first of all, how do you define ""executive,"" and how do you differentiate between executives who had a hand in ruining the company, and those that didn't?   If you're in a VP+/Director position, you don't get blindsided by this shit no matter what which division you're responsible for unless the company has serious communication issues -- which is a tell in and of itself.  &gt; Second, ""executives"" tend to be flexible, mobile, and have ""fuck you"" money. Turn off their salaries, and they'll just leave.  I don't find that a very compelling argument. It's the same as the old ""You can't tax the rich, they'll just move!"" argument, and should be solved much the same way. Okay, let 'em quit. Any stock options they have / other benefits get cashed out and applied to outstanding debts accrued under them before any payout reaches them. They can walk if they want, but they're going to feel it when they go.  &gt; I know Reddit has this fantasy where executives don't do anything but golf and drink all day, but you can't run a company with an empty C-Suite.   I don't pretend that they do, but by the same metric I don't believe that many are worth anywhere near as much as they get paid -- and especially not when they're producing results like this."
You cannot deduct. Even if you could, unless you also hold the mortgage, it's unlikely that you would have sufficient deductions to exceed the standard deduction for a married couple.
First, the annual report is just that, a snapshot that shows value at the beginning and end of the period. Beginning = Aug 08 = $105B End =       Aug 09 =  $89B Newsletter date May 10 = $96B Odd they chose end of August as it's not even a calendar quarter end. The $16B was market loss during that period. Nearly half of that seemed to be recovered by the time this newsletter came out. The balance sheet also has to show deposits and payments made to existing retirees. I haven't looked at the S&P numbers for those dates, but my gut says this is right. The market tanked and the plan was down, but not too bad.  Protect? The PBGC guarantees pensions up to a certain limit. I believe that in general, teachers are below the limit and are not at risk of a reduced benefit. You do need to check that your plan is covered. If not, I believe the state would take over directly. I hope this helps.
"#1  The Affordable Care Act is not a gift to anybody except the insurance and drug industries.   It actually saves the federal government and employers money by giving employers a semi credible ""RFOTA"" to lay off or cut the hours for their ""overpaid older workers"" &lt;/sarc&gt; For the government money is saved by shifting families and low paid workers out of expensive government programs like SCIP and Medicaid into hugely profitable individual private insurance plans of lower actuarial value. That effectively shifts the burden to the states and sick people.  Why no discussion about the earth-changing implications of exponential growth in technology on employment?  We need to fund education substantially better or we are soon going to be a nation of largely unemployed people."
Regarding:   1) What's the point of paying a dividend if the stock price automatically decreases? Don't the shareholders just break even?   As dividends distribution dates and amounts are announced in advance, probably the stock price will rise of the same amount of the divident before the day of distribution. If I know that stock share A's value is y and the dividend announced is x, I would be willing to buy shares of A for anything > y and < than x+y before the distribution.So, arbitrageurs probably would take the price to x+y before the dividend distribution, and then after the dividend distribution the price will fall back to y.
It looks like your Solo 401K loan will need to repaid in 5 years.  If you borrow too much in order to pay back in this time you run into the typical 401K loan risks, that it is considered a distribution.  Don't borrow more then can be repaid in that time. When you borrow money from your 401K, it is no longer invested in the market.  Lets assume  that you are borrowing at 6% or so, and your LOC is at 3.5%, and the mutual funds you are invested in are returning 9%.  You would be better off with the LOC.  As you are paying 3.5% but earning 9%.  Keep in mind with a LOC that is variable you have interest rate risk, where you don't really have that with the 401K loan. I think the 401K loan is riskier then you are allowing.  If you do not pay it back within the allotted time, you get nailed for 40% of the unpaid balance.  That is quite high.  With the HELOC, you can weather quite a few negative credit events without your home ever being in jeopardy.
In Canada, the majority of your taxes are remitted by the employer on your behalf after the employer deducts the calculated amount from your pay. Then when you file your income tax return you pay (or get reimbursed) the difference stemming from your particular social situation. Note that this is optional. The employer has to pay its own part of some deductions, but the employee can opt out from getting the standard amount of income tax deducted at source. It is his responsibility alone to pay for his taxes. So in this context, it's entirely possible to advertise an approximate net salary. Most of the accounting over here is done by way of accounting software, and those that support payroll go through a testing and acceptance phase for each revision to the tax tables, so the amount calculated is usually pretty exact (I got reimbursed 120$ last year).
&gt; Aldi  I see this place hyped up so much on Reddit and I had a chance to pop into one lately. We have a bunch of ethnic grocery stores that basically sell the same stuff but with way, way, way better produce. The stuff at Aldi was gross. That's like half the reason to go to a grocery store - why bother?
&gt;McDonalds  You picked probably the worst possible example, as McDonalds is a Fortune 500 company because of their quality and consistency.  Yes, they offer cheap meals, but for that price they offer very consistent, relatively good, food.
He is a fucking Idiot who's administration is paralyzed and unable to move, so he spouts some shit in the hope that it looks as if he is doing something, searching for minerals in Ghani's ass was the closest thing to a plan he had.
"Well it depends. I doubt the professor is looking for the ""basic"" answer as you described it. He's mostly likely looking for the above answers (i.e. the Rf is used to value a call in the B-S model).   Like in all classes, you need to know what the prof is really looking for, because many questions can be interpreted many different ways and unfortunately most teachers aren't clear in asking what they want."
Right now, the unrealized appreciation of Vanguard Tax-Managed   Small-Cap Fund Admiral Shares is 28.4% of NAV. As long as the fund   delivers decent returns over the long term, is there anything stopping   this amount from ballooning to, say, 90% fifty years hence? I'd have a heck of a time imagining how this grows to that high a number realistically.  The inflows and outflows of the fund are a bigger question along with what kinds of changes are there to capital gains that may make the fund try to hold onto the stocks longer and minimize the tax burden. If this happens, won't new investors be scared away by the prospect of   owing taxes on these gains? For example, a financial crisis or a   superior new investment technology could lead investors to dump their   shares of tax-managed index funds, triggering enormous capital-gains   distributions. And if new investors are scared away, won't the fund be   forced to sell its assets to cover redemptions (even if there is no   disruptive event), leading to larger capital-gains distributions than   in the past? Possibly but you have more than a few assumptions in this to my mind that I wonder how well are you estimating the probability of this happening. Finally, do ETFs avoid this problem (assuming it is a problem)? Yes, ETFs have creation and redemption units that allow for in-kind transactions and thus there isn't a selling of the stock.  However, if one wants to pull out various unlikely scenarios then there is the potential of the market being shut down for an extended period of time that would prevent one from selling shares of the ETF that may or may not be as applicable as open-end fund shares. I would however suggest researching if there are hybrid funds that mix open-end fund shares with ETF shares which could be an alternative here.
Gone are the days when in India, the fuel price was revised on every fortnight. Many times you would have filled up the tank one day before to save few bucks. Now, from 16th June 2017 onwards, Government has decided to revise the daily fuel price at 6 AM according to the international crude oil and dollar prices with respect to rupee value. The notion behind taking this step was just to remove the big leap in fuel rates and also a government initiative to maintain the demand and supply situation in equilibrium.
What's uninformed?  I take this tone often because people who have no clue what the fuck they are talking about go off and lecture other people, bringing up facts that have no thought behind them, and are merely definitions posing as an argument.  Making a statement, then getting corrected, then coming back and simply lengthening the original answer is not an argument.  I'll say it again: our currency is fiat.  It is backed by nothing.  Through the way the national banking system is set up, the vast majority of the money supply in our country represents not only fiat entries, but also debt.  If people can't understand that there are alternative systems that existed other than this, and they are fine with banking corporations having the ability to gain real assets by extending loans which are backed by money created merely by ledger entries, and only backed 10% or whatever by the deposits they have, then I don't know what to tell them.  Some people just like to feel comfortable by appealing to the existing system, and you aren't going to get through to them.  This site is so full of smug morons it drives me up the wall.  It's why I hardly comment anymore.  Pointless.
Some motorcycle owner uses these spare parts to take motorcycle racing performance. If you have to buy Antique Indian motorcycle you with better to know that online traders will usually provide both new and used motorcycles. We provide all Indian motorcycle spare parts online.You can rely on our motorcycle spare parts and we have served many clients with a complete satisfaction and now we have become the leader in the industry.
I don't like REITs because they are more closely correlated to the movement of the stock market. They don't really do the job of diversifying a portfolio because of that correlation.  When the stock market dropped in 2008, REITs were hammered as well because the housing bubble burst. Bonds went up, and if you rebalanced (sold the bonds to buy more stock) then you came out much further ahead when the stock market recovered. The point of adding bonds for diversification is that they move in the opposite direction of equities; blunting the major drops (and providing buying opportunities). REITs don't fit that bill. REITs are not undergoing a correction like bonds because the price of real estate is a function of housing supply and buyer demand. Rising interest rates only make it a little harder for buyers to buy, so the effect of rising interest rates on real estate prices is muted. The other effects on real estate prices (more wealth in the economy for buyers) pushes in the opposite direction of the rising interest rates.
I wonder if Home Depot price drops are just a product of capital outflows from retail ETFs, as investors leave the sector en masse. I think Home Depot is defensible against online intrusion, at least for now. If Home Depot is taking a price hit because investors are conflating it with other obvious retail losers (Barnes and Noble, Target, etc) this might actually be a good time to buy.
I have no idea what you're talking about or why you think it relates to my point that good people cost money. You need good people in government.  Letting managers make case-by-case decisions only makes sense if you have good managers.  And I hate to break it to you - but lots of good people only do what they do for the money. This is true of doctors, lawyers, pilots, mechanics and janitors. To think otherwise is being childishly naive.
"If you are like most people, your timing is kind of awful.  What I mean by most, is all.  Psychologically we have strong tendencies to buy when the market is high and avoid buying when it is low.  One of the easiest to implement strategies to avoid this is Dollar Cost Averaging.  In most cases you are far better off making small investments regularly. Having said that, you may need to ""save"" a bit in order to make subsequent investments because of minimums.   For me there is also a positive psychological effect of putting money to work sooner and more often.  I find it enjoyable to purchase shares of a mutual fund or stock and the days that I do so are a bit better than the others.   An added benefit to doing regular investing is to have them be automated.  Many wealthy people describe this as a key to success as they can focused on the business of earning money in their chosen profession as opposed to investing money they have already earned.  Additionally the author of I will Teach You to be Rich cites this as a easy, free, and key step in building wealth."
"In general, there should be a ""liquidity premium"" which means that less-liquid stocks should be cheaper. That's because to buy such a stock, you should demand a higher rate of return to compensate for the liquidity risk (the possibility that you won't be able to sell easily). Lower initial price = higher eventual rate of return. That's what's meant when Investopedia says the security would be cheaper (on average). Is liquidity good? It depends. Here's what illiquidity is. Imagine you own a rare piece of art. Say there are 10 people in the world who collect this type of art, and would appreciate what you own. That's an illiquid asset, because when you want to sell, maybe those 10 people aren't buying - maybe they don't want your particular piece, or they all happen to be short on funds. Or maybe worse, only one of them is buying, so they have all the negotiating leverage. You'll have to lower your price if you're really in a hurry to sell. Maybe if you lower your price enough, you can get one of the 10 buyers interested, even if none were initially. An illiquid asset is bad for sellers. Illiquid means there aren't enough buyers for you to get a bidding war going at the time of your choosing. You'll potentially have to wait around for buyers to turn up, or for a stock, maybe you'd have to sell a little bit at a time as buyers want the shares. Illiquid can be bad for buyers, too, if the buyer is for some reason in a hurry; maybe nobody is selling at any given time. But, usually buyers don't have to be in a hurry. An exception may be if you short sell something illiquid (brokers often won't let you do this, btw). In that case you could be a forced buyer and this could be very bad on an illiquid security. If there are only one or two sellers out there, they now have the negotiating leverage and they can ask whatever price they want. Illiquidity is very bad when mixed with margin or short sales because of the potential for forced trades at inopportune times. There are plenty of obscure penny stocks where there might be only one or two trades per day, or fewer. The spread is going to be high on these because the bids at a given time will just be lowball offers from buyers who aren't really all that interested, unless you want to give your stock away, in which case they'll take it. And the asks are going to be from sellers who want to get a decent price, but maybe there aren't really any buyers willing to pay, so the ask is just sitting there with no takers. The bids and asks may be limit orders that have been sitting open for 3 weeks and forgotten about. Contrast with a liquid asset. For example, a popular-model used car in good condition would be a lot more liquid than a rare piece of art, though not nearly as liquid as most stocks. You can probably find several people that want to buy it living nearby, and you're not going to have to drop the price to get a buyer to show up. You might even get those buyers in a bidding war. From illiquid penny stocks, there's a continuum all the way up to the most heavily-traded stocks such as those in the S&P500. With these at a given moment there will be thousands of buyers and sellers, so the spread is going to close down to nearly zero. If you think about it, just statistically, if there are thousands of bids and thousands of asks, then the closest bid-ask pair is going to be close together. That's a narrow spread. While if there are 3 bids and 2 asks on some illiquid penny stock, they might be dollars away from each other, and the number of shares desired might not match up. You can see how liquidity is good in some situations and not in others. An illiquid asset gives you more opportunity to get a good deal because there aren't a lot of other buyers and sellers around and there's some opportunity to ""negotiate"" within the wide spread. For some assets maybe you can literally negotiate by talking to the other party, though obviously not when trading stocks on an exchange. But an illiquid asset also means you might get a bad deal, especially if you need to sell quickly and the only buyers around are making lowball offers. So the time to buy illiquid assets is when you can take your time on both buying and selling, and will have no reason for a forced trade on a particular timeline. This usually means no debt is involved, since creditors (including your margin broker) can force you to trade. It also means you don't need to spend the money anytime soon, since if you suddenly needed the money you'd have a forced trade on your hands. If you have the time, then you put a price out there that's very good for you, and you wait for someone to show up and give you that price - this is how you get a good deal. One more note, another use of the term liquid is to refer to assets with low or zero volatility, such as money market funds. An asset with a lot of volatility around its intrinsic or true value is effectively illiquid even if there's high trade volume, in that any given point in time might not be a good time to sell, because the price isn't at the right level. Anyway, the general definition of a liquid investment is one that you'd be comfortable cashing out of at a moment's notice. In this sense, most stocks are not all that liquid, despite high trading volume. In different contexts people may use ""liquid"" in this sense or to mean a low bid-ask spread."
"Without all the details it's hard to tell what options you may have, but none of them are good.  When you cosign you are saying that, you believe the primary signer will make good on the loan, but that if he doesn't you will. You are 100% responsible for this debt. As such, there are some actions you can take. First, really try to stress to your friend, that they need to get you outta this loan. Urge them to re-finance with out you if they can. Next look for ""better"" ways of defaulting on the loan and take them. Depending on what the loan is for you could deed-in-lue or short sale. You may just have to admit default. If you work with the bank, and try not to drag out the process, you will likely end up in a better place down the line.  Also of importance is ownership. If you pay the loan, do you get ownership of the thing the loan was secured against? Usually not, but working with an attorney and the bank, maybe. For example, if it's a car, can the ""friend"" sign over the car to you, then you sell it, and reduce your debt.  Basically as a cosigner, you have some rights, but you have all the responsibilities. You need to talk to an attorney and possibly the bank, and see what your options are. At this point, if you think the friend is not that much of a friend anymore, it's time to make sure that any conversation you have with them is recorded in email, or on paper."
Some other factors to consider: If none of those factors are significant to you, then the other answers will do just nicely.
"Relative changes in rates are significant.  Why? Exchange rates encourage cross-border trade. For example, I live in an area that is now popular with Canadian tourists, mostly due to the favorable exchange rates. Changes in exchange rates between trading partners can affect trade balance as well. The US ""strong dollar"" policy made US exports expensive and imports cheaper, which encouraged more imports."
"I just wanted to give you a different perspective, as I own a house (purchased with a mortgage), with my girlfriend. I think it can be done safely and fairly, but you do need to involve legal help to do it right. There really is nothing to be terrified about, the extra cost to set this up was almost irrelevant in the bigger picture of legal costs around purchasing and the documents describing the ownership scheme are quite straightforward. Maybe it's a UK thing, but it seems rather commonplace here.  We've chosen to hold this as ""tenants in common"" and use a trust deed for this when we purchased. We had a solicitor write the trust deed and it clearly states what percentage of the house is owned by either party and exactly what the steps would be taken, should we decide to end the trust (e.g. in case of a split-up). This includes things like the right to buy out the other person before selling on the market etc.  We also had to make wills separately to indicate what should happen with our percentage of the property in case one of us died as with this type of ownership it doesn't automatically go to the other person.  Finally we're both on the mortgage, which I guess is the main difference versus your situation. But again, you could get legal advice as to how this should best be handled."
"Quick correction:   **Affected means impacted.**  **Effected means brought about.**  **You most likely meant affected.**  ^Hello, ^I ^am ^an ^automated ^bot ^who ^tries ^to ^address ^common ^grammar ^mistakes.  ^If ^you're ^annoyed, ^write ^back ^to ^this ^comment ^""PISS ^OFF"" ^and ^I ^will ^leave ^you ^to ^peace. [^Learn ^more](http://minefewerbot.com/)."
"Since this is a cooperative I'm guessing your partners may want to be able to view the books so another key point you may want to consider is collaboration.  QuickBooks desktop has all of these same issues because it is meant to be used on a single desktop. We're in an age of mobile devices, and especially in a business like landscaping it would be nice if certain aspects of record keeping could be done at the point and time where they are incurred.  I'd argue you want a Software as a Service (SaaS) accounting package as opposed to ""accounting software"" which might come on a CD in the form of QuickBooks, Sage and others. Additionally, most of these will also have guides to help make sure you are properly entering your records. Most of these SaaS products also have customer success teams to help you along should you need assistance. Depending on the level of your subscription you may get more sophisticated handling of taxes, customized invoices or integrated payroll. Your goal is to keep accurate records so you can better run your business and maintain obligations like filing taxes. You're not keeping the records just to have them. Keep them in a place where they will work for you and provide the insights and functionality that will help your business grow and become successful. Accounting software will always win in this scenario over a spreadsheet. FULL DISCLAIMER: I work for Kashoo, a simple cloud accounting product designed for small businesses. But the points I mention above are true for Xero, QuickBooks Online and Wave as well as Kashoo. And if you really want expertise to go with the actual software consider service providers with a platform like: Indinero, Bench, easyrecordbooks or Liberty Accounting."
In the rental application you are giving them express consent to check up on your credit and employment history for verification, you must be honest with them, if you have had no income for the last say 6 months then you have simply had no income. If you are worried about it, you can supply them with a longer history if it will help your situation, they may also call your employer to see that you will be returning to work or again receiving some sort of income. But also as stated, talk to the property manager, they can work both ways in either helping or not helping you.
No you don't. I just went through 6 months of your history, and you didn't make a single comment of the sort.   Edit: it makes me sad that I got downvoted for pointing out a lie, just because it has to do with apple.
So your plan is to wait for the whales to die of old age, with sea world caring for them the entire time, during which you will condemn sea world for doing this while acknowledging it's their only option at this point.   Ok.
nearly 30 percent of households headed by someone 55 or older have neither a pension nor any retirement savings. I don’t know what these people are going to do or what our country is able to do about it, but this is a black swan that’s staring us right in the face. Hundreds of thousands of Americans are going to run out of money.  Try millions. We are headed back to the days before the New Deal.
Gee. Wouldn't it be nice to have that Russian car market back again? And how about oil &amp; gas field technology services (lucrative).  If only there was no regime-changing US State Department led by meddlesome neocon Victoria Nuland on too long a leash together with such bit part players as ^the ^former ^US ^Ambassador ^to ^Honduras, everything would have gone along swimmingly.   Farcical.
&gt; WTF is 'non-government' savings?  The non-government consists of the private and foreign sectors. That is, everyone not the government.  Every year the government pays the non-government (ie: us) more than it taxes us, our savings increases. Every year it taxes us more than it pays us, our savings decrease.  &gt; Its not a bad thing... unless interest rates rise.  The Fed sets the risk-free rate on USD, and there isn't much one can do with USD that's lower risk than loaning it to the US government.  It's for this reason that Japan doesn't run out of yen. The Japanese government's debt is just the huge pension funds accumulated by the risk-adverse aging population. Every year the Japanese private sector saves yen, the Japanese public sector is left dissaving it. It's not a problem though, as the Japanese government's no more going to run out of yen than the US government USD.
Voluntarily assuming a loan is a bad idea, especially for a non-investment purpose. It would be one thing to take on a loan to operate a business or buy a piece of capital equipment, like a machine that would make you money. Borrowing money to have a more luxurious house is foolish. The smart move is to buy a good quality home that will meet your needs for as little as possible. Having $800,000 leaves a quit a bit of leeway in that department. You don't say where you live, but if this occurred in my area (eastern Massachusetts) I would buy a house for $500,000 and then invest the remaining $300,000. If I lived in the California bay area, it might be necessary to spend the whole $800,000. Either way there should be no need to borrow money. Also, if you buy a house for cash, often you can get a substantially better deal than if you have to involve a bank. Not owing anyone money is a huge psychological advantage in business and in life in general. View being debt-free as a springboard to success and happiness.
You're saying that the best plan for America to remain relevant in the global economy is to *not* encourage education? Because it's too expensive?  I think that a better plan might be to notice all the other OECD Nations that are able to provide cheap or free education and try to copy that.
"The answer depend nearly 100% on how the offer and contingency read. When I have a client make an offer, the contingency includes an inspection, but the buyer would have no obligation to accept a counter offer. i.e. the offer can be withdrawn due to ""I didn't like the inspection report, and do not wish to negotiate any repairs."" In fact, the buyer need not disclose which fault was the cause. The buyer pays for the inspection and the report is his property.  On the other hand, I agree, if it's only radon, the venting fix is common, and you may be paying for many inspections only to find one house after another with this issue."
There is most likely an error in the WSJ's data.  Yahoo! Finance reports the P/E on the Russell 2000 to be 15 as of 8/31/11 and S&P 500 P/E to be 13 (about the same as WSJ). Good catch, though!  E-mail WSJ, perhaps they will be grateful.
In the US, paper checks are still the rule, and there is a large amount of the population that does not care to use online banking. As a result, those people need to go to the bank once a week or more often, to deposit checks they get from anywhere, to get cash, etc.; so all those little banks have traffic. This is slowly changing, and banks start to automatic the processes even in the brick-and-mortar location, but for now, they are around.
I don't see kids that are just post-college as feeling like they're entitled at all. If anything, I see just the opposite.  Everyone I see that's around 21-25 has some other shit going on besides their normal work.  I had a neighbor that sewed/sold bike accessories, I see guys fixing up old mopeds and they have office jobs.  A gal at the coffeeshop recycles some cast-off materials and makes designer wallets.  I see some really enterprising stuff from this generation.  I see these same people busting their asses for a corporation that doesn't pay them well because they don't have to (why waste a good recession?).  I just don't see it in my personal life.  It's easy to turn on MTV and make generalizations about idiots in high school (and we were all idiots in high school).  I find it appalling that there are so many of these bullshit stories about how there's just this big problem of nobody with the skills to do the work that's demanded.  These companies that would just love to hire more people - if there was only someone out there with the skills they need.  It's complete bullshit.  If they can't find anyone, it's because they're not offering the right economic incentive... there are millions of unemployed folks out there right now that can be trained.
As a parent I think you absolutely have to teach them that income is related to work because (for most people at least) it's a more fundamental principle than budgeting, investments, interest, etc. Once they've learned that the primary source of income is work, then you can start teaching them what to do with it, i.e. how to budget, economise, save, invest, etc.
I think the first step is to get an accountant whose advice you believe. Your accountant is far better placed to advise you on what sounds like a fairly complicated, fairly high stakes corporate arrangement than the internet.  I would go back to the accountant and get him to explain in writing what his specific advice is. If you still don't like it absolutely get a second opinion. You may also want to speak to a lawyer.
"Technically, no. According to the dictionary, a folio is a single sheet, and a portfolio is a folder or case for keeping your folios. In finance, your collection of investments is called your portfolio, probably because your broker (before the digital age) would keep the records of what each of his clients held in separate portfolios.  However, I have seen the word folio used as a short colloquialism for portfolio, and if you google ""investment folio"" you will see it used this way, mainly in trademarked names of financial firms."
1.  this is not the correct sub, try /r/Entrepreneurs or similar 2. Banks only care about 1 thing: collaterals with personal guarantee from the owners/shareholders of the business. Nothing else matters, don't waste your time with a business plan.  (Yes ELI: bank only give money to people who have money).
Welcome to Reddit, where everybody *knows* that they're smarter than their boss, and if they were in charge they'd get everything fixed up right quick!  Nobody ever considers, just for a second, that there might be a reason for the madness - or that executives might not *all* be drooling idiots concerned with nothing but office politics.
While the US hosts most of the world's innovative startups, its own financial and banking systems are very slow to change.  The infrastructure exists, however the ACH transfers are not wide-spread between individuals. Banks much prefer the option of bill-pay (i.e.: as you said, mailing a check, something in other countries people wouldn't even think of), than letting you do it yourself.  Why? Because they can. There's no real competition over consumers, and the consumers themselves are not educated or sophisticated. Thus, the banks are comfortable with the lack of innovation - since as long as they are all lacking innovation - consumers won't demand it because they won't even know things are possible. And it is definitely cheaper for the banks not to innovate and keep your money for a week while the bill-pay check is en route, than try and develop new things. In other countries, the regulator would step up and force banks to develop new infrastructure and widen the options, but in the US regulation is considered a bad thing, and people are easily swayed, being uneducated and uninformed, by the corporations to support politicians who act against their (people's) best interest in protecting the corporations and reducing and limiting the regulators even further.
When volatility is higher, the option is more likely to end up in-the-money. Moreover, when it ends up in-the-money, it is likely to be over the strike price by a greater amount. Consider a call option. With high volatility, moves in the stock price are big - both up moves and down moves. If the stock moves up by a lot, the call option holder will benefit greatly. On the other hand, when the stock moves down, below a certain point the option holder does not care how big a down move the stock has. His downside is limited. Hence, the value of the option is increased by high volatility. I know everyone who searches this is looking for this answer. Bump so people are able to get this concept instead of looking all over the web for it.
Part of the behavior is shaped by the environment, most isnt for something that people's been doing for millenniums. People even compare things that's boxed/bagged beautifully.           Not bearish on the news because this is long expected. But the brick-and-murder of grocers has been ongoing for a long time due to their deflationary environment and the action today is quite an knee jerk reaction.      Amazon taking over the world? Maybe, sure a lot higher chances compare to Tesla taking over the auto market.
Do you think that the scheme of kick backs in this system isn't a problem?  There was that story a while ago about a judge who was paid off to convict and sentence to a certain prison.  That's just the obvious one.  I suspect that there are many ways the system is being gamed beyond that one too.  Prison does need to have a path for reform or you create career criminals.
Well if your looking to explain inflation to children, I would use this example. Take two fruits they like IE: Apples and Oranges. Give them both 2 of each. Ask them how many of your apples would you give for 1 orange and how many apples would you want to get 1 orange(most likely they will say 1). Now give them 5 more apples each. Then ask them the same question. In economics and finance many things can not be proven, so to tell you what QE will do for a fact can't be said, you can only be told theories. There are to many variables.
Inflation is not applicable in the said example. You are better off paying 300 every month as the balance when invested will return you income.
well it 2008 was six years ago, over time we would expect some price inflation. however it's only really a good thing for people who already own houses (it increases their net worth on paper) and people who want to sell, and move to a cheaper area.  If you aren't selling, it doesn't help you much.   If you're a young person trying to get into the housing market, it's obviously bad. A housing market where young people can't afford to get in is unhealthy. If you already own, and you want to move up and buy a bigger house, that's hard if no one is willing to buy your existing house.  I don't know why the govt is helping create a new bubble. But, if the underlying issues that caused the last crash are not fixed, well... the bigger the bubble, the bigger the pop.
You can trade VXX, but VIX is only an index.   http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/VXX?CountryCode=US
So many points wrong with this article. I'll stick to pointing out the ridiculousness of just one. Police, fire, and military are all just as finite of resources as doctors. You know how you create more of all of those resources? Hire and train more people. Gasp!
The transaction will be taxable in India. You will have to pay Capital Gains tax. I am assuming that you purchased the house while you were Indian Resident for tax purposes. As such its needs more paper work to get the money back to US. Consult a CA in India who will help with the paperwork. You haven't mentioned your tax status in US, one you update it, someone will post a US tax aspects of the transaction.
First of all, congratulations on paying off $40k in debt in one year. Mathematically, you'd be better off making the standard car loan payments and putting your extra money toward the student loan. However, there are a few other things that you might want to consider. Over the last year, you've knocked out a whole bunch of different debts.  Feels pretty good, doesn't it?  At your current rate, you could knock out your new car loan in 6 months.  Then you'd only have one debt left.  If it sounds to you like it would be nice to only have one debt left, then it might be worth the mathematical disadvantage you would get by paying off the car early instead of putting the money toward the last student loan. The car loan is 0%, but if you are late on a single payment, they will take that opportunity to raise your interest rate to something probably higher than the interest rate of your student loan.  For this reason, you may decide it is not worth the hassle, and you'd rather just eliminate the car loan as quickly as possible. Either choice is fine, in my opinion, as long as you have a purpose behind the choice and you are committed to eliminating both debts as quickly as possible. As an aside, it is important to remember that even a 0% loan is not really free money, and needs to be paid back.  You know this, of course, but sometimes you see a 0% loan advertized and it feels like free money.  It's not.  You have probably already paid for the loan by forfeiting a rebate.  So although, at this point having already taken this loan and paying for it, you will come out ahead by dragging out your car loan for the full term, in the future do not think that you can make money by buying something at 0% interest.
The long-run goal is to eliminate poverty through wealth creation. If that makes for some weird new social interactions, I'd say that's a reasonable cost.  I mention comparing to earlier periods simply as a measure of progress to determine whether or not there is a problem that needs correction, such as a specific group in society experiencing real wage stagnation, or truly anemic growth rates relative to earlier periods. It's the slope of the trend line for each group that I'd be worried about, where linear or exponential is good, and logarithmic should indicate a potential crisis.  Ultimately, I believe that it's not a persons absolute circumstances that matter, but the rate at which those circumstances are improving throughout their lives that most strongly affects their subjective well-being (but that's just my theory).  As for real estate costs, you're absolutely correct that this is a problem, but it's as easily explainable problem. Supply is artificially constrained in most of the US due to the need for explicit government permission (in the form of building permits and zoning laws) in order to build new units. Basic economics says that when supply is artificially restricted, prices will rise.  In areas where government is restrictive, such as San Francisco, prices rise sharply. In places where government is more permissive, like Houston, prices remain much more reasonable.
"If you participate in an IPO, you specify how many shares you're willing to buy and the maximum price you're willing to pay. All the investors who are actually sold the shares get them at the same price, and the entity managing the IPO will generally try to sell the shares for the highest price they can get. Whether or not you actually get the shares is a function of how many your broker gets and how your broker distributes them - which can be completely arbitrary if your broker feels like it. The price that the market is willing to pay afterward is usually a little higher. To a certain extent, this is by design: a good deal for the shares is an incentive for the big (million/billion-dollar) financiers who will take on a good bit of risk buying very large positions in the company (which they can't flip at the higher price, because they'd flood the market with their shares and send the price down).  If the stock soars 100% and sticks around that level, though, the underwriting bank isn't doing its job very well: Investors were willing to give the company a lot more money. It's not ""stealing"", but it's definitely giving the original owners of the company a raw deal. (Just to be clear: it's the existing company's owners who suffer, not any third party.) Of course, LinkedIn was estimated to IPO at $30 before they hiked it to $45, and plenty of people were skeptical about it pricing so high even then, so it's not like they didn't try. And there's a variety of analysis out there about why it soared so much on the first day - fewer shares offered, wild speculative bubbles, no one could get a hold of it to short-sell, et cetera. They probably could have IPO'd for more, but it's unlikely there was, say, $120/share financing available: just because one sucker will pay the price doesn't mean you can move all 7.84 million IPO shares for it."
&gt; free the orcas, they'll look like heroes, and everyone will flock to SeaWorld because they're good guys now. They listened and changed. People love those stories.  This is no percent what would happen at all. People go just to see Shamu flop around.
The answer today is the Fidelity Rewards Amex.  This card pays the highest cash back (2%) on ALL purchases. The answer gets more complicated if you like miles, or you want to use one card for groceries and gas and another for restaurants, etc.  But the Fidelity Amex gives you 2% on everything you purchase, automatically deposited into your Fidelity account as cash (no coupons to rip off, or checks to deposit).
Equal weighted indexes are not theoretically meant to be less volatile or less risky; they're just a different way to weigh stocks in an index. If you had a problem that hurt small caps more than large caps, an equal weighted index will be hurt more than a market-cap weighted one.  On the other hand, if you consider that second rung companies have come up to replace the top layer, it makes sense to weigh them on par.  History changes on a per-country basis - in India, for instance, the market's so small at the lower-cap end that big money chases only the large caps, which go up more in a liquidity driven move. But in a more secular period (like the last 18 months) we see that smaller caps have outperformed.
I think it really depends on how much you take out of your Nationwide account each month. At a certain point, it will become cheaper just to transfer your monthly rent + living allowance via an international bank transfer or using one of the currency transfer services like xe.com or Hifx. You will have to pay fees either way and/or you'll end up with a forex spread. If you have got enough money in your UK account to cover several months' worth of expenses in Germany, I would be tempted to make one big transfer every few months instead of a a monthly one; anything more than once a month is probably going to be too costly either way. It might also be worth comparing the transfer fees charged by the various banks, when I lived in the UK and had to regularly send money to Germany I found there was a massive difference between different banks for essentially the same service.
This is actually a HUGE source of profits for whole foods. The battered fruit and veggies you don't want  or the rotisserie chicken that's been on the warmer 30 minutes longer than you like? Goes right into their prepared foods and cut fruit sections and marked way the fuck up.
You should watch Margin Call and follow Demi Moore's lead.  Do you figure out what derivatives to buy or just calculate how much exposure the firm has and tell someone else?   Can you potentially go to jail because of your job or is losing your job the worst that can happen?
So upper marginal tax rates are at historic lows while the dying remnants of the New Deal are being strangled by both parties ... yet America's devotion to Keynsianism is the problem? You should investigate the Dunning Kruger effect and then look into a mirror.
If someone had such a great idea that could convince a bank to give them money with no capital, no experience, and no assets then they wouldn't give it away on a public forum.   If you're talking about starting small... you're talking about getting a job, whether formal or gig-based.
Plus, there's the feeling my parents want me to have a house in case   we can't save the one we (my mom and brothers) all live in. First, you should not be forced to buy a home because your parents are telling you to. You should have your own life. Period. That said, while you are doing well from a salary perspective, your savings are somewhat borderline for a purchase if you ask me. Meaning your savings would essentially be the full downpayment & then your whole paycheck basically becomes payments on the mortgage. Not a good situation to be in. My advice would be that if you can invest in something smaller—like a small apartment for yourself—that is what you should purchase.  That would allow you to invest in something but not be completely financially drained by the prospect. And then in a few years, you can sell that apartment & move onto something else.  Perhaps a house at that stage? But right now, a full home purchase would be a fairly massive risk.
In the UK at least, we have Credit Unions. Credit Unions are not-for-profit organisations that don't pay interest on your balance, but instead give you a share of their profits at the end of the year (or at least my local branch do). This normally equates to around 1% of my balance.
https://twitter.com/webster/status/906346071210778625  Important to know that people just discovered the pin number to thaw your credit (after you initialize a credit freeze) on Equifax is just the timestamp on when you request it. This is bad news because if someone is aware of a time frame, they may be able to brute force this if they don't have proper protection (which, let's be honest, at this point let's just assume they don't). This is lazy coding at it's finest.  Quite a few today have confirmed this.
The direct debit is an authority to withdraw money from your account. Depending on how it was set up it may limit how much may be withdrawn, how often and for how long. I haven't seen a direct debit agreement that limits the total that may be withdrawn, but they may exist. A reputable creditor will stop taking your money when they're supposed to, which would be when the loan is paid off.
As Zach mentioned in a comment, you can be sent to jail for contempt in a civil case. So assume that a court orders you to pay amount x in alimony. You are unable to pay, for example because you lost your job and the amount was assessed based on previous earnings. The judge disagrees with you and thinks you can pay. He can just sent you to jail for contempt of court till you comply with the court order to pay. The court does not need to prove that you are guilty of anything, they gave you a lawful order and you are not complying. The decision is up to the judge. As this is not a criminal trial (IANAL, I don't know the technical term), you are not sentenced to a fixed term and then go free, but the judge can sent you right back. Also, in a civil trial there is no presumption of innocence, nor do you have the right to a public defender, so it is more or less completely up to the judge to decide to sent you to jail for any amount of time, see for example: http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB123137263059962659 Here is one men who spent 14 (fourteen) years in jail for contempt, without ever being ever charged with any crime. The court ordered him to pay 2.5 millions to his wife, he said he lost the money. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H._Beatty_Chadwick Ending up in jail for underpaid alimony is fairly common and does not need to be malicious. All you need is to loose your job, not enough money to pay for a lawyer and a judge who thinks you can pay. Also, the state will charge horrendous interest rates and fee on underpaid alimony, even during your stay in jail, see for example here: www.mrcustodycoach.com/blog/illegal-child-support-debtors-prisons So in the U.S. you can find yourself exactly in the same situation as someone in the Emirates. There is/was a lawsuit against Georgia for human rights violations because of this, I don't know the current status.
For the CPI, there is actually federal employees whose job it is to visit various stores to collect the prices of specific items (boy's size-14 collared shirt made of 97 percent cotton).  Planet Money did a great podcast on this, actually following one of these people for a day.
My first job was in a technology/IT role on the trading floor which was an accident.  It didn't require any knowledge of finance/stock markets.  I didn't even look for that job specifically.  Before that I was at a small tech company.  So I guess you could say it was luck initially.
Many states require that USE tax be paid on items purchased out of state and the subsequently brought to your home state. The vendor has the responsibility to collect based upon the shipping destination. It is the buyers responsibility to declare and pay taxes on purchases where the vendor is not required to collect them for your state(like when you purchase it out of state). So if you have an item shipped out of state to avoid sales tax and then bring it to your home state then you are required to pay sales tax in your home state as well.  Some states (Florida for 1) allow for the reduction in sales tax owed by the amount paid in out of state sales taxes.  Some states (Like CT) exempt purchases under a certain amount. Federation of Tax Administrators website has links to state revenue services where you can check the tax requirements for your (and other) states.    Other State Links
In the United States, post-dating a check, on its own, has no valid use. It can be cashed at any time at the discretion of the bank. You would need to send a notice of postdating to your bank describing the check. This doesn't prevent the recipient of cashing the check, but it does prevent your bank from charging your account until the date you specify NOTE: This may be considered a form of stop payment, and you may be subject to the fees noted by your institution.  Source: [Uniform Commercial Code - Article 4A § 4-401] (c) A bank may charge against the account of a customer a check that is otherwise properly payable from the account, even though payment was made before the date of the check, unless the customer has given notice to the bank of the postdating describing the check with reasonable certainty. [...] If a bank charges against the account of a customer a check before the date stated in the notice of postdating, the bank is liable for damages for the loss resulting from its act. The loss may include damages for dishonor of subsequent items under Section 4-402.
As it is a cheque I don't think you can deposit online. It seems that most the banks here charge a flat fee. Bank of Queensland charges $45 plus whatever the FX rate and fees are at the time. I think most of the banks have a clearance period of up to 28 days from when you deposit the cheque to when the funds clear and you could use them. If you want a cheaper and quicker option maybe try to have the USD funds sent electronically to the Australian bank account you choose.
We are an online seller of STUDDS HELMETS where online chooses stylish Studds Helmets in a comfortable price in Jaipur.  Make your two wheeler rides stylish and at the same time safer with stylish Studds helmet. Studds is a renowned brand of helmets and other two wheeler accessories like eye glasses and luggage carriers. The quality of their products have gained them popularity and a steady clientele. Whether you're planning to hit the road, trail or track on a motorcycle, ATV or snowmobile, one of the most important pieces of gear you can get is a good helmet.
* Absolutely agree with /u/IsAnAlpaca  * You /must/ not agree to this without seeing his balance sheet. * That means assets and liabilities, but also ask for the last 12 months' cash flow * Inability or unwillingness to provide any of those things is a HUGE no-go red flag.
An interesting look that ties in quite a few of my interests on the commonality of being data-driven gambling. You know it's funny because watching MoneyBall, my first reaction is that Peter Brand's (after Jonah Hill) data analysis was something many are already doing in fantasy.  But fantasy sports is a hobby for most of us :P  Though in bigger money leagues, this could be debatable haha.  *As a side note, I'm particularly surprised that the NBA betting profits outpaced NFL profits in 2011 (48.8M vs. 44.2M), but I'm curious to see if that trend holds through the 2012 season.
Property taxes cover more items than have already been mentioned.  As an example, my property tax bill lists the following items: county general purpose, community college, police, police, headquarters, fire prevention, environmental bonds, sewage, town general purpose, highway department, building & zoning, town lighting, park district, garbage disposal, water district,  library district, and of course, schools which are now about 60% of the total. In my area, a $500K home could easily have over $10K in total property taxes. Many of these services are for things that you need or might even want such as parks and libraries.  In any case, they must be funded and property taxes are the most prevalent way of doing that.  I was once told that you never actually own property because if you don't pay the property taxes, they will take the property away.  By the way, property taxes are not the only expenses that you may have overlooked.  You need to have insurance on your house to cover fire, theft, storm damage, and injuries to persons visiting you.  In some areas, flood insurance may also be required.  You should also budget for repairs and maintenance.  Eventually you will need to replace major items like roofs, appliances and heating/cooling equipment. Don't underestimate the cost of maintaining a lawn if you have one. Basically owning a home is an expensive undertaking and you should have a good understanding of all the expenses involved or you will find yourself in financial trouble.
Okay- I follow that.    When we look a shorting a name -  what makes that an equity transaction rather than a debt one? I guess how does that differ from investing in a bond?    I recognize the simplicity of this question.    Thanks.
Well who doesn't want their website content or video or their brand to go as viral as PSY's Gangnam style? If you have similar intentions, and viral marketing strategists are whom you are looking for, look no further as Key Difference will take care of your viral marketing campaign. Better visibility, more traffic, effective online presence and more, name it and you'll get it.
Paying interest on a loan costs you money. The tax deduction just reduces that cost, but it's still there. So the only possible reason to borrow more than you have to, e.g. with the interest-only loan, is that you can invest the excess elsewhere and make more money. Can you invest money and make more than 4.5% expected return before tax with a risk level you're comfortable with? If you can invest tax free then the hurdle is (4.5%-the tax deduction instead), e.g. 3.6% if your marginal tax rate is 20%.  One possible such investment would be paying down any mortgage on your own home - as you don't get a tax deduction for such a mortgage, overpayments are effectively tax free so 3.6% or whatever is the appropriate hurdle. If you can't do that, then even switching to a principal and interest mortgage at 4.5% would be worthwhile; the principal payments would effectively be an investment in reducing your future interest bill, and that investment is better than anything else you have available. Given that what you actually have on offer is a mortgage with a lower rate of interest, the hurdle for an alternative investment is quite a bit higher than 4.5%; with the interest-only mortgage, you can invest some of the money that would otherwise go to principal elsewhere, but in exchange you are paying a higher interest rate on the rest of your loan balance. You'd need to look at the exact numbers to work out the right hurdle, which would vary depending on your marginal tax rate, the term of the mortgage, and your guess as to where interest rates would go after the 2 year fixed term.
Walmart is still an awful place to buy groceries, and is rated as such in just about every national survey. The prices aren't that great, the shelves are a mess, and items are poorly restocked based on my observations at several stores. I can spend about the same amount of money buying groceries at Wegmans vs. Walmart (although I do most of my shopping at Aldi, which has also switched to so-called 'Angus' bef. I honestly don't notice a difference, just more marketing buzzwords).
If you plan on retiring now you probably can, as Jay mentioned there is a provision in the law for early retirement, as long as you take annual distributions.
Oanda.com is a very respectable broker. They don't offer ridiculous leverage options of 200 to 1 that prove the downfall of people starting out in Forex. When I used them a few years back, they had good customer service and some nice charting tools.
Maybe not, but I think the point ElBrad was making is that you chart a pretty tight relation to price hikes by barrel and price increases at the pump over time.   Price drops by barrel aren't usually followed by a drop at the pump though, as it takes a while for competition to drive that down.   So while it's good news that oil prices are dropping per barrel (for non gasoline uses), it's fair to be totally cynical about the prospect of a cheaper prices at the pump when you hear news like this.  Watching that per barrel rate drop and knowing this means a nice cushy profit trough for Exxon always comes with a slight taste of distain.
When that happens the least desired things get cut off first.  This condition signals to the market that we are correcting very badly missallocated sources which in turn is a good thing because we are allowing the bubbles to burst.  These burstings will bring prices back down to acceptable levels so that the economy starts moving again.  What you instead are suggesting is to not allow, for example, home prices to come back down to affordable levels and just keep the bubbles inflated.
Bingo. Measuring income is an ignorant approach. Buying power is the only thing that is important.   If the $14/hr minimum wage nonsense ever actually happened, all the reports would be on how awesome it is that some small percentage of people are making more money. What won't be reported right away is how all people (include those minimum wage workers) have significantly less buying power thanks to the significant inflation created by $14 minimum wage.
If the person gifting the property owed any debt to Canada Revenue Agency on the date of gift, you may getting a nice letter from Canada Revenue Agency advising you to settle the donor's tax liability with the property gifted.
Me and mom just stopped in an Applebees on a road trip through small towns and it was so terrible. It was freezing and really dingy inside, and the turkey sandwich I had was so bad I think mcdonalds or arbys would have tasted better.
Yeah, but your professional programs are insanely expensive. I'm in pharmacy school paying 26k at a private school. UCSF costs 35k for an in-state resident and 45k for out of state. The supplemental cost for a professional degree is 18k and then 12.25k more for being out of state.  There's a reason we have quite a few Korean kids who chose to go to my school rather than pay an extreme amount of money more to go to UCLA or UCSF or whatever.
"Free Speech isn't a myth, but ""Diversity"" is.  I'm constantly bombarded with self-righteous and imprudent missives about the importance of Diversity, but they mostly just repeat words meant to make us feel better about ourselves.  We've corrupted a well-meaning goal into a vulgar set of data points about employee demographics, all while conveniently ignoring the plain fact that you have to first collect that demographic data on your employees in order to accomplish our goals.   I prefer the concept of ""inclusion,"" meaning we need to create workplaces that welcome great talent, free of non-business related impediments.  Already, though, there are signs that few people actually think this through, and it's only a matter of time until it becomes another meaningless set of metrics that upper management can feel good about.   /end of rant   (Disclaimer: this was not directed at any organization in particular, especially not a data-collecting giant like Google.)"
I had $70K in credit card at one point.  Limited income, starting a business - it's the only credit available. (yes, all paid off now).
Southern Ontario. Cheaper operating costs we have a ton of professionals at some of the best schools in north America plus our governments policy's align pretty well with the tech industry's.  Just like the film industry there is a lot of benefit to operating in Canada especially with the current climate in America.
"Because they don't leverage using credit but by shorting stocks. eg they short $400 of microsoft, and use the proceed to buy $400 of Apple. That's a 4x ""leverage"". It's one of the main characteristics of hedge fund vs traditional fund, they can short while your vanilla long only mutual fund cannot.  And they limit capital from outside investors due to decreasing marginal return and liquidity consideration."
Well I doubt that it has no effect. It will happen regardless, but it will be slower. If the minimum wage was much higher, big companies would invest more in R&amp;D for automation. Automation companies will also have more customers and therefor will make more revenue and produce more units/projects and the price of automation will go down more and more, causing more companies to join in and not hire 15$/hour people who work less efficient than 2000$ robots on 10$/month.
Short the Pound and other English financial items.  Because the English economy is tied to the EU, it will be hit as well.  You might prefer this over Euro denominated investments, since it's not exactly clear who your counterpart is if the Euro really crashes hard.  Meaning suppose you have a short position Euro's versus dollars, but the clearing house is taken down by the crash.
id like to start by saying youre still doing this yourself, and i dont actually have all the info required anyway, dont send it but  &gt;[3] Descriptive Statistical Measures: Provide a thorough discussion of the meaning and interpretation of the four descriptive &gt;statistical measures required in your analysis: (1) Arithmetic Mean, (2) Variance, (3) Standard Deviation and (4) Coefficient of &gt;Variation. For example, how are these measures related to each other? In order to develop this discussion, you may want to &gt;consult chapters 2 and 3 of your textbook. This topic is an important part of your report. can be easily interpreted, im guessing the mean is simply just the observed (and then projected stock price for future models) the standard deviation determines the interval in which the stock price fluctuates. so you have like a curve, and then on this curve theirs a bunch of normal distributions modeling the variance of the price plotted against the month  also the coefficient of variation is just r^2 so just read up on that and relate it to the meaning of it to the numbers you have  actually my stats are pretty rusty so make sure you really check into these things  but otherwise the formulas for part 4 is simple too. you can compare means of a certain month using certain equations, but there are different ones for certain situations  you can test for significance by comparing the differences of the means and if its outside of your alpha level then it probably means your company is significantly different from the SP index. (take mu of SP - mu of callaway)  you can also find more info on interpreting the two different coefficients your given if you look up comparing means of linear regression models or something
&gt; A well functioning legal system is consistent with capitalism.  The only well functioning legal system consistent with capitalism is the one bought and paid for by corporations that lobby for laws favorable to themselves, and for the abolishment of regulations that protect workers and consumers and safeguard our economy.
A company CAN hold on to money.  This is called retained earnings.  Not all money is due back to the owners (i.e. stockholders), but only the amount that the board of directors chooses to pay back in the form of dividends.  There is a lot more detail around this, but this is the simple answer to your question.
So, you think forcing people to buy their auto insurance doesn't provide any money?  It sounds like the customer didn't even know they were paying for it. Or, are you saying that this minor scam is nothing in the grand scheme of things, and that we should expect their scams to pay out at least a few billion?
In addition, since you asked for Montreal, you can get the quotes directly. http://www.m-x.ca/nego_cotes_en.php
Spend them at the gas pump.  Just run the pump until it stops, then repeat with next card.  That's always worked for me
Does this include strip malls and big boxes, or just the least profitable of indoor shopping malls? They spent 50 years or so building up to 150 a year, so the idea they could both fill these spaces and have enough shoppers to justify them is silly. And the Millennials aren't interested in mall shopping as much as previous generations were.
The main question is, how much money you want to make?  With every transaction, you  should calculate the real price as the price plus costs. For example, if you but 10 GreatCorp stock of £100 each, and the transaction cost is £20 , then the real cost of buying a single share is in fact buying price of stock + broker costs / amount bought, or £104 in this case.  Now you want to make a profit so calculate your desired profit margin. You want to receive a sales price of buying price + profit margin + broker costs / amount bought. Suppose that you'd like 5%, then you'll need the price per stock of my example to increase to 100 + 5% + £40 / 10 = £109.  So you it only becomes worth while if you feel confident that GreatCorp's stock  will rise to that level. Read the yearly balance of that company to see if they don't have any debt, and are profitable. Look at their dividend earning history. Study the stock's candle graphs of the last ten years or so, to find out if there's no seasonal effects, and if the stock performs well overall. Get to know the company well. You should only buy GreatCorp shares after doing your homework.  But what about switching to another stock of LovelyInc? Actually it doesn't matter, since it's best to separate transactions. Sell your GreatCorp's stock when it has reached the desired profit margin or if it seems it is underperforming. Cut your losses! Make the calculations for LovelyCorp's shares without reference to GreatCorp's, and decide like that if it's worth while to buy.
You literally couldn't be more wrong, your links to fake news notwithstanding  Everything the Republicans try to do is meant to hurt people and/or help the wealthy.  That is not the case with the Democrats  The lies like the ones you are trying to spread are intended solely to help the GOP accomplish their goals
i think this argument is the crux of the sharing economy and everything with uber/airbnb. is google responsible for the content of every website it shows in it's search results?  it all depends on what sort of warranties are implied or written in the contracts, what's HP's onsite tech support SLA with the third party?  i'd argue it's not dumb, but one of the most important arguments in business and the economy as a whole at the moment
It could be a sunk cost.  If you buy 5 gallons of vegetable oil it costs $50.  Until you use up all the vegetable oil you dollars are tied up and cannot be spent on popcorn or any other good. So weigh if the convenience is more important than having the cash on hand for other purchases is another factor to consider
&gt;I suspect he would simply cut the minimum wage and unemployment benefits to force Americans to accept lower wage jobs.  Don't give him that much credit. He won't touch either of these entities for several reasons. First, it's political suicide. Second, the Congress would give him a huge headache for even attempting to do this, and they would probably never be able to vote on a bill to send to a President Romney anyhow. Third, there is little evidence to suggest that Romney actually *believes* in wanting to do what he touts in his slimy, disgusting rhetoric. The man has not demonstrated any principle, fortitude, or ideological consistency.  Once Romney sits down at the commander's desk, it will feel just like the Obama administration did, only less funny...
Which is what [flash trading](http://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/0809/flash-trading-wall-streets-latest-scam.aspx) is for.   edit: I promise you, you could. You would just need a faster line. I promise that's why the NYSE banned it. However, that still doesn't mitigate the problem of creating your own exchange.
You must be thinking about trademarks which can be diluted into general usage, and therefore no longer trademarkable, if not enforced. You can do whatever you want with the use of your patent, including letting everyone else use it without permission.
If you are thinking to buy the Rolex watches in Dubai, then there is one of a trustworthy online shop, i.e. “Mamiya Diamonds”. We cater all the luxury watches of a wide variety of brands, in which all types are included, i.e. new and second hand.
"I would start with VBA for 2 reasons.  - Easy to step through and see what you're doing. - Most financial data is in .xlsx or .csv format already.  VBA will be your friend for a long time. Even ordinary Excel skills will be highly useful.   Once you have the basics down of VBA start exploring other languages based on need. If you are constantly pushing and pulling data maybe SQL will be the next logical choice.  If you are running out of options with the Excel statistical analysis packages then learn R.  Web development? Javascript.  Algorithmic trading? Python, C or C++.  what's more, I find learning another language really helps develop your VBA skills. I never really saw the value of ""Do"" loops until I started learning Python where it is necessary."
How do I start? (What broker do I use?) We don't make specific recommendations because in a few  years that might not be the best recommendation any more. You are willing to do your own research, so here are some things to look for when choosing a broker: What criticism do you have for my plan? Seeking dividend paying stock is a sensible way to generate income, but share prices can still be very volatile for a conservative investor. A good strategy might be to invest in several broad market index and bond funds in a specific allocation (for example you might choose 50% stocks and 50% bonds).  Then as the market moves, your stocks might increase by 15% one year while bonds stay relatively flat, so at the beginning of the next year you can sell some of your stocks and buy bonds so that you are back to a 50-50 allocation. The next year there might be a stock market correction, so you sell some of your bonds and buy stock until you are back to a 50-50 allocation. This is called rebalancing, and it doesn't require you to look at the market daily, just on a regular interval (every 3 months, 6 months, or 1 year, whatever interval you are comfortable with). Rebalancing will give you greater gains than a static portfolio, and it can insulate you from losses when the stock market panics occasionally if you choose a conservative allocation.
You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income. If you do not file a return you may be requested to by Canada Revenue Agency, and then you'll need to file one. There are hundreds of thousands of Canadian residents who do not file tax returns. The Minister who overlooks the CRA may assess any amount of taxes on any resident whether they file a return or not. There are penalties for failing to file a return or filing late. The penalties are based on a percentage of the taxes owed. If you owe no taxes, then the penalties are meaningless.
It's impossible to know for sure, which I'm sure you know, but paying these large debts all at once will leave very little assets in comparison to what they had.    Issuing new shares like this is called dilution which means the price will be forced downward because the same (or in this case less) net earnings must be divided by more shares outstanding. A secondary offering almost always lowers stock price.   http://wiki.fool.com/What_Happens_to_the_Share_Price_When_New_Shares_Are_Issued%3F
Posts Tagged ‘norton scientific scam fraud warning reviews’  Norton Scientific Reviews: Scammers’ Valentine Treat  A global security company issued a scam warning against spam messages with catchy subject lines for Internet users this Valentine’s season.  Users must be extra careful in opening messages in their email accounts especially during the holidays as they can receive spam mails meant to get their attention and steal their personal data.  One such scam warning issued by an antivirus company describes email messages that invites users to buy a gift for his/her loved one for Valentine’s using an attached discount coupon from Groupon.  Even though the proliferation of coupon services is not totally an illegal method, their popularity comes with the risk of being used in phishing attacks.  Phishing can be done by sending a massive amount of email messages asking people to enter their details on a bogus website — one that looks very similar to the popular auction sites, social networking sites and online payment sites. They are designed to obtain personal details like passwords, credit card information, etc.....  Norton Scientific Reviews: Symantec source code leaked by hackers  A group of hackers who call themselves the Lords of  Dharmaraja, (and is associated with Anonymous) have published the source code of Symantec, a digital security firm know for the Norton antivirus program and pcAnywhere, raising concerns that others could exploit the security holes and try to control the users computer.  The release of the source code came after the ‘extortion’ attempt failed as Symantec did not comply with their numerous deadlines.  Negotiations through email messages between a representative of the hacker group, YamaTough, and someone from Symantec were also released online. The exchange of messages are about Symantec’s offer to pay USD 50,000 for the hackers to stop disclosing the source code and announce to the public that the whole Symantec hack was a fake, which made them a subject of mockery for appearing to buy protection.  Both sides admitted that their participation was just a trick......
It costs them more to make the screens with more pixels. Let's say I usually pay you 10$ for something that cost you 5$ to make. Now I pay you 20$ for something that costs you 18$ to make.  Sure you get 20$ instead of 10$, but your profit per item went from 5$ down to 2$. Same thing here, the screens with 4x the pixels costs much more than the original screens. Apple paid slightly more for them, but not enough to keep the profit margin.
Fair enough. If you have specific milestones to hit, you gotta hit them. My recommendation is just to make sure you have a specific plan based on what has worked for your peers. Don't let recruiting just happen to you, drive it in your own chosen route. Best of luck in the coming recruiting cycle!
If you are absolutely sure you will need the money in the next year or so I wouldn't do it just because of the hassle.  If you think you might not need to use the money then I would go ahead and fund a Roth IRA for the simple reason that you can get your contributions (NOT earnings on those contributions.) back without paying any penalties if you do end up needing them.  A good summary of the rationale can be found at My Money Blog's Roth IRA Contribution vs. Emergency Fund Savings
"They do but you're missing some calculations needed to gain an understanding. Intro To Stock Index Weighting Methods notes in part: Market cap is the most common weighting method used by an index.   Market cap or market capitalization is the standard way to measure the   size of the company. You might have heard of large, mid, or small cap   stocks? Large cap stocks carry a higher weighting in this index. And   most of the major indices, like the S&P 500, use the market cap   weighting method. Stocks are weighted by the proportion of their market cap to the total   market cap of all the stocks in the index. As a stock’s price and   market cap rises, it gains a bigger weighting in the index. In turn   the opposite, lower stock price and market cap, pushes its weighting   down in the index.  Pros Proponents argue that large companies have a bigger effect on the   economy and are more widely owned. So they should have a bigger   representation when measuring the performance of the market. Which is   true. Cons It doesn’t make sense as an investment strategy. According to a market   cap weighted index, investors would buy more of a stock as its price   rises and sell the stock as the price falls. This is the exact   opposite of the buy low, sell high mentality investors should use. Eventually, you would have more money in overpriced stocks and less in   underpriced stocks. Yet most index funds follow this weighting method. Thus, there was likely a point in time where the S & P 500's initial sum was equated to a specific value though this is the part you may be missing here. Also, how do you handle when constituents change over time? For example, suppose in the S & P 500 that a $100,000,000 company is taken out and replaced with a $10,000,000,000 company that shouldn't suddenly make the index jump by a bunch of points because the underlying security was swapped or would you be cool with there being jumps when companies change or shares outstanding are rebalanced? Consider carefully how you answer that question. In terms of histories, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S & P 500 Index would be covered on Wikipedia where from the latter link: The ""Composite Index"",[13] as the S&P 500 was first called when it   introduced its first stock index in 1923, began tracking a small   number of stocks. Three years later in 1926, the Composite Index   expanded to 90 stocks and then in 1957 it expanded to its current   500.[13] Standard & Poor's, a company that doles out financial information and analysis, was founded in 1860 by Henry Varnum Poor. In   1941 Poor's Publishing (Henry Varnum Poor's original company) merged   with Standard Statistics (founded in 1906 as the Standard Statistics   Bureau) and therein assumed the name Standard and Poor's Corporation.   The S&P 500 index in its present form began on March 4, 1957.   Technology has allowed the index to be calculated and disseminated in   real time. The S&P 500 is widely used as a measure of the general   level of stock prices, as it includes both growth stocks and value   stocks. In September 1962, Ultronic Systems Corp. entered into an agreement   with Standard and Poor's. Under the terms of this agreement, Ultronics   computed the S&P 500 Stock Composite Index, the 425 Stock Industrial   Index, the 50 Stock Utility Index, and the 25 Stock Rail Index.   Throughout the market day these statistics were furnished to Standard   & Poor's. In addition, Ultronics also computed and reported the 94 S&P   sub-indexes.[14] There are also articles like Business Insider that have this graphic that may be interesting: S & P changes over the years The makeup of the S&P 500 is constantly changing notes in part: ""In most years 25 to 30 stocks in the S&P 500 are replaced,"" said   David Blitzer, S&P's Chairman of the Index Committee. And while there   are strict guidelines for what companies are added, the final decision   and timing of that decision depends on what's going through the heads   of a handful of people employed by Dow Jones."
In this day and age, online shopping has become a huge business, with more and more customers across the globe turning to the online sites to buy different types of products, equipment etc.  This is particularly the case in those places where e-commerce is taking hold over the means people shop.
Watch prices *not* rise because Target retail employees don't manufacture the product.  Their wages do not affect the prices on the shelves as much do Target's shelf gatekeepers.  Even if Target paid their hourly employees $30/hr the price of Heinz baked beans would be $2.
If past is prologue, I'd say $20, give or take, inflation adjusted of course. http://www.antagoniste.net/WP-Uploads/2007/01/oil_prices_1861_2006.jpg If supplies are at nightmare oversupply, say, as an absurd unlikely scenario, 82 year high in US oil supplies or an all time record in EIA weekly inventories, it looks like the oil price could be capped at the cost of oil sands:  This one's just plain scary.  Unless if there were some changes refinery laws or technology that I'm not aware of, refineries cutting 50% of the retail gasoline volumes looks bad:
The markets are based on a growing population, so yes, revenue growth is possible to continue alongside that into perpetuity.    I know this subreddit is known for their lack of actual basic business foundations, but jesus christ.
Youre assuming that GDP shows the amount of wealth created and is an indicator of the standard of living, but it is not. Govt spending adds to gdp but takes away from the productive capabiliies of the private sector, which is the part of the economy that is making things that people want and need. The govt can spend 1 trillion on building a monument to obama, and that would increase gdp by 1 trillion, but no wealth is created and the govt jut shift a trillion of tax revenues to the workers who built the monument. If a company spends 1 trillion building building some new gadget, then the people who spend money to buy i have something to show for it and the workers have their wages as well. So now the company makes back 1.2 trillion and the consumers have their gadget, ie real wealth has been created.   The wealthy may be sittin on hoards of cash, but its not just sitting under their mattress. Its spread out between investments and savings. Savings is neccessary to build up productive capabilities. The money the rich have sitting in banks is being used to help other businesses grow, not just collecting dust. I wish it were as simple as giving every poor person 10 grand and watching the economy take off, remember when bush gave everyone a 1000 tax refund? It sure was fun blowing that on a ps3, i cant argue with that. But prosperity can not be printed, it must be earned through hard work and productive activity. What we need is not monetary stimulus, we need the govt to stop destimulating the private sector with burdensome regulations and taxes. We need lower barriers to entry so we maximize competition in every industry. We need the govt spending less, and pushing more workers into the private sector, making things that american can get some utility from. Its not going to be a smooth ride getting there, there will be lots of lay offs in the short run as the economy restructures. But if the govt got out of the way and let the free market prosper, our society would be far better off in the future
It depends on your bank and the details in the agreement, but typically, interest is calculated daily. So if you borrow 1000 EUR for 1 day, you pay 15% * 1000 EUR * 1/360 = 42 Cent (41.666667 cent to be exact). You can simply multiply these 42 cent up with the number of days you plan and the number of 1000s EUR. Note that weekend days count too, even if you cannot pay them back on the weekend. The exact value will be very slightly different, as the interest is added monthly to the principal, and there is compound interest on the interest. Banks also often consider all months 30 days long for interest calculations.
Advances in safety technology over the past 30 years have nothing short of incredible. Almost every automobile put on the market today goes through tough safety screening processes.   Cars that win high stars in safety are often marketed based on safety. A large part of the safety rating of a car is based on the number and the efficacy of airbags.   But while airbags have saved countless lives since their inception, there are a number of cars on the market with faulty airbags that can occasionally cause harm rather than protect drivers and passengers.
Yes you should invest; and yes you should save for the house down payment. These should be two separate pools of money and the goals and time frames for them are different. With a 3 year time frame for the down payment on the house, the risk you should accept should be essentially zero. That means it is less of an investment and more plain vanilla savings account, or maybe a higher interest account, or a CD. The worst thing to have happen would be to try and save for the house while the value of your investment keeps dropping.  You have to decide how to allocate your income between retirement accounts and saving for the house, while still meeting all your other obligations. The exact balance depends on how much you need to save for retirement, and things such as rules for the company match.
Supplier of Ramming mass in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-ramming-mass-in-india.php Shri Vinayak Industries is a very well acknowledged name in the field of supplier and manufacturer of Ramming Mass, Quartz Powder, Quartz grit, and Talc Powder minerals. We supply our product mainly in Vietnam, South Korea, UAE, Malaysia, Taiwan, Thailand, Saudi Arabia, and Indonesia. We produce high quality and purest form of Ramming Mass. Acidic Ramming Mass and Silica Mix are the synonyms of Silica Ramming Mass. Our Ramming Mass is a derivative of super snow white silica crystalline quartz having large percentage of Silica and manufactured under strict quality control parameters.
"From the page you referenced, first click the link ""EI premium rate and maximum"". There you'll find the calculation itself, but not the percentage rate. Then from that page, near the bottom, click the link ""EI premium rates and maximums"". It's almost the same title as the prior page, so a little confusing, but that pluralized version has the data you were looking for. Partial quote:  The same rates are applied across Canada, except in the province of Quebec. That province has a different set of rates because they administer their own Parental Insurance Plan. In particular, self-employed workers in Quebec can opt into QPIP (even if they wouldn't qualify to participate in EI) and potentially collect parental benefits. Typical non-self-employed workers in Quebec pay into both EI (at the reduced rates for Quebec) as well as QPIP."
"To avoid nitpicks, i state up front that this answer is applicable to the US; Europeans, Asians, Canadians, etc may well have quite different systems and rules. You have nothing to worry about if you pay off your credit-card statement  in full on the day it is due in timely fashion. On the other hand, if you routinely carry a balance from month to month or have taken out cash advances, then making whatever payment you want to make that month ASAP will save you more in finance charges than you could ever earn on the money in your savings account. But, if you pay off each month's balance in full, then read the fine print about when the payment is due very carefully: it might say that payments received before 5 pm will be posted the same day, or it might say before 3 pm, or before 7 pm EST, or noon PST, etc etc etc. As JoeTaxpayer says, if you can pay on-line with a guaranteed day for the transaction (and you do it before any deadline imposed by the credit-card company), you are fine.  My bank allows me to write ""electronic"" checks on its website, but a paper check is mailed to the credit-card company. The bank claims that if I specify the due date, they will mail the check enough in advance that the credit-card company will get it by the due date, but do you really trust the USPS to deliver your check by noon, or whatever? Besides the bank will put a hold on that money the day that check is cut. (I haven't bothered to check if the money being held still earns interest or not).  In any case, the bank disclaims all responsibility for the after-effects (late payment fees, finance charges on all purchases, etc) if that paper check is not received on time and so your credit-card account goes to ""late payment"" status.  Oh, and my bank also wants a monthly fee for its BillPay service (any number  of such ""electronic"" checks allowed each month). The BillPay service does include payment electronically to local merchants and utilities that have accounts at the bank and have signed up to receive payments electronically. All my credit-card companies allow me to use their website to authorize them to collect the payment that I specify from my bank account(s). I can choose the day, the amount, and which of my bank accounts they will collect the money from, but I must do this every month. Very conveniently, they show a calendar for choosing the date with the due date marked prominently, and as mhoran_psprep's comment points out, the payment can be scheduled well in advance of the date that the payment will actually be made, that is, I don't need to worry about being without Internet access because of travel and thus being unable to login to the credit-card website to make the payment on  the date it is due. I can also sign up for AutoPay which takes afixed amount/minimum payment due/payment in full (whatever I choose)  on the date due, and this will happen month after month after month  with no further action necessary on my part.  With either choice,  it is up to the card company to collect money from my account on the day specified, and if they mess up, they cannot charge late payment fees or finance charge on new purchases etc.  Also, unlike  my bank, there are no fees for this service. It is also worth noting that many people do not like the idea of the credit-card company withdrawing money from their bank account, and so this option is not to everyone's taste."
"I once went to Walmart to buy an iPod touch. The price on the site was the same as on Amazon, and I figured getting it that day would be worth the extra money paid to sales tax.   When I got there and went to the Electronics checkout, I found that it was 10-15% more than Amazon's price. I pointed out that the website had it for less, and he said ""They have to compete with Amazon and such, so it's cheaper online.""  I went home and ordered it from Amazon."
Million of people uses computer a day. In those of people, few are knows how to keep their computers smooth, fast and reliable. For these reason they daily open their pc and annoys on it that why it is so slow?
I would recommend getting a used set of Chartered Financial Analyst books.  The series is a great broad introduction to the most important aspects of investing and the markets.  Combining both day-to-day knowledge and fundamental theory. CFA materials include in depth discussions of: After you have a strong base then stop by quant.stackexchange and ask about more specialized books or anything else that interests you.  Have fun with your journey.
"One big thing to consider is that ""financing"" (whether equity or debt) is not always available when you want it.  Examples:   * Dot-coms - Tech related companies were famous for their IPOs and raised tons of equity from the public market.  Post-bust the tech IPO market absolutely crashed for years [(example source)] (http://www.renaissancecapital.com/ipohome/press/ipofilings.aspx)  * Aircraft financing - EU banks used to do a ton of lending on aircraft (Boeing/Airbus) but after their financial crisis the market dried up [(example source)] (http://www.boeingcapital.com/cafmo/2013/brochure.pdf)  A lot of financing is about timing or paraphrasing my MBA professor - get financing when you can, not when you need it."
There were a couple key differences between Keurig and Juicero.  * Keurig was going after a piece of a much larger pie. Most homes and offices have a coffee maker. A few homes and almost no offices have a juicer. * Keurig got a big boost from the office market. Much passive aggressive ink has been spilled over office coffee makers. Maintaining  one is a huge chore no one wants to do, and everyone complains that whoever made the last pot of coffee did it wrong. Keurig let everyone have the coffee flavour they like and ended the debate about when to start another pot. I've never heard of an office juicer, so Juicero didn't have that initial market to introduce people to their product.  * Keurig isn't that expensive. Keurig kept their prices low enough that people saw the premium as a reasonable convenience fee. Juicero went straight into luxury status symbol territory with their prices. * Keurig got people hooked, and then started the shady DRM. Juicero started off with the shady DRM.
Well, yeah.  Costco sells items in bulk, Whole Foods does not.  A better comparison would be Whole Foods against Aldi, Albertson's, Smith's, Vons, WinCo, etc.  These are the companies that sell groceries in similar sizes, but perhaps of lower quality.
You might investigate Paypal if it is available to both of you.  the International Transfers page on their site has a way to find out what sort of fee's they would charge you.   It might be a lot simpler and easier than doing wire transfers or dealing with banks etc.
"&gt; this should 100% be an opt-in  That goes for all this tracking stuff: if it is clear opt-in, it's fine.   The tricky part is that when we opt in we often tend to think, ""oh, they're using this to do X to do [some reasonable/benign/positive thing].""   Once you've agreed, though, they can use it for whatever they want, often in ways that you'd never even imagine. :("
In the United States most residential real estate transactions employ a title company to process all the paperwork and transfer all the funds. Some paperwork has to be filed with the local government, but they also have to deal with the banks/mortgage companies on the two ends of the transaction. At closing both parties will sign a ton of paperwork all of which was coordinated by the title company. As for the funds: The buyer will write a check; the lender will send over the loan commitment papers for the rest of the money.  How much money: that depends on the purchase price, the deposit, the down payment, the taxes and fees, an other closing costs they are responsible for (initial escrow, inspection, title insurance...).  The seller hopefully doesn't have to write a check, but if they underwater they will have to bring funds to closing. From the incoming funds the title company will send money to the old lender, the real estate agents, the local government to record the deed.  The sellers escrow money with the old lender may end up being sent back to the seller or some of the funds could be transferred to the buyer to help cover the portion of the real estate taxes. From the perspective of the buyer they will only write two checks (one at the start of the process for the deposit, and one on closing day for their portion of the transaction. The seller will hopefully walk away with a check. Of course determining if they will owe taxes for the transaction depends on a lot more information.
Car clubs are designed for your use case.  They (are supposed to) feature (some or all of) local 24 hour availability; hourly rates for things like big shopping trips; whole-weekend use; insurance isn't your problem. If one is available in your area it's well worth a look.  You may find that for longer trips a conventional hire is cheaper, but membership fees can be low (another variable between schemes is the tradeoff between the membership fee and the per-use fees).
Our mortgage provider actually took the initiative to send us a refinance package with no closing costs to us and nothing added to the note; took us from a 30-year-fixed ~6.5% note to a 15-year-fixed ~5% note, and dropped the monthly payment in the process.  You might talk to your existing lender to see if they would do something like that for you; it gives them a chance to keep your business, and it cuts your costs.
Reasons to pay with cash Reasons to borrow Things to watch out for
Most ag jobs in grain farming regions are operating heavy machinery. It's a very different, and much higher skilled job than most fruit picking jobs. In this case farmers have to compete against the wages offered by the construction industry for machinery operators.
"This is yet another in a long series of ""stop whining, the economy is fine"" articles.  It's a lie.  The economy is not fine.   There are good points in the article and it is important to not be misled by bad statistics, but he works hard to pretend that there are not problems in places where those problems are evident in the statistics.   He claims that falling labor force participation rate is because the statistics don't adjust to an increasing percentage of retirees, but everyone I know talks about the 25-54 statistics, in which retirement is negligible.  When you compare those to overall numbers, it shows big problems in the 25-54 numbers, and that people over 54 are working more and longer than they used to, not retiring sooner, an indication that they can't afford retirement.  He claims stagnation in median household income is misleading  because of a 5% drop in hours worked, which is completely bogus given the scale of the difference we're talking about.  Then he dismisses the disconnect between productivity and median wages by claiming that it's inappropriate to compare an average with a median, despite the fact that that's exactly what inequality is."
But investing into your own company is already a tax deductible event. Expenditures like Research &amp; Development, employee compensation, and acquiring new equipment are all things that reduce taxable income.  https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/markets/2016/05/20/third-cash-owned-5-us-companies/84640704/  &gt; Apple (AAPL), Microsoft (MSFT), Alphabet (GOOGL), Cisco Systems (CSCO) and Oracle (ORCL) are sitting on $504 billion, or 30%, of the $1.7 trillion in cash and cash equivalents held by U.S. non-financial companies in 2015, according to an analysis released Friday by ratings agency Moody's Investors Service.  That's even more cash concentration than in previous years, as these five companies held 27% of cash in 2014 and 25% in 2013. Apple alone is holding more cash and investments than eight of the 10 entire industry sectors.  1/3 of all dollars created by the US Federal Reserve banking system (physically minted or otherwise) is collectively held by 5 companies. Companies exist to accumulate wealth and will seek to avoid unnecessary expenditures, which includes taxes.  The corporate income tax rate is 35%. For individuals, the top income tax bracket (for every dollar of income above $400,000) is 39.6%.  I argue that dropping the top individual income tax bracket down to 34% will not materially affect these companies (paying 35% income tax) from continuing to just sit on a ludicrous sum of wealth.
"A minor tangent. One can claim the S&P has a mean return of say 10%, and standard deviation of say 14% or so, but when you run with that, you find that the actual returns aren't such a great fit to the standard bell curve. Market anomalies producing the ""100-year flood"" far more often than predicted over even a 20 year period. This just means that the model doesn't reflect reality at the tails, even if the +/- 2 standard deviations look pretty. This goes for the Black-Sholes (I almost abbreviated it to initials, then thought better, I actually like the model) as well. The distinction between American and European is small enough that the precision of the model is wider than the difference of these two option styles. I believe if you look at the model and actual pricing, you can determine the volatility of a given stock by using prices around the strike price, but when you then model the well out of money options, you often find the market creating its own valuation."
You have no idea what you're talking about.  Walmart pays double the taxes that it's employees get from the government.  If they didnt pay taxes, you would make sense. Unfortunately, they do and you don't.   Your argument is bad and you should feel bad.
In many countries in Europe the prices shot through the roof, so it is not all positive. Also the switching country gives out lot of monetary control that is not welcomed by many.  I think that UK is not going to change to euro for a long long time.
it just goes to say that you need the services of a reliable and competent transmission repair service. No matter what kind of vehicle it is, you must ensure that its transmission system is at its best for your safety on the road. If your in Las Vegas, try visiting carrepairvegas.com at 5400 E Tropicana Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89122 or call for inquiries at 702-433-5823. Website:  http://carrepairvegas.com/tag/transmission-repair-las-vegas/
one thing that would push me to agree to the delivery service is if they bring the bags right into my kitchen.  I don't want to do a hand off at the door of load after load of bags  also, at the store, I put like items on the belt so all the cold stuff is grouped, meat group, dairy group etc and my fruits and veggies grouped.  point is, I want it BAGGED that way so getting home I can prioritize cold over dry.  wonder if Bezos thought of that one ! :-)
You are expecting, that if you pay off a 30 mortgage after 16 years, you should be charged the same amount of interest as someone who had a 16 year mortgage for the same amount and with the same interest rate. This isn't correct, and here's why: the person with the 16 year mortgage paid it off faster than you. They paid more each month and the size of their loan shrunk faster than yours. After 15 years they had paid off a LOT more than you. You paid a lump sum after 16 years, but at this point, the extra money which they had paid had been in the banks hands for a long time. You caught up with them then, but you had been behind them for all of the previous years. On the other hand, you owed the same amount in each of those years as the person who took out a 30 year mortgage and didn't prepay. Therefore you paid the same amount of interest as this person, not the first person. If you could arrange in advance a loan where you made the same payment as you did for 16 years, then paid the balance in a lump sum, then you would have paid exactly what you did.
The signal to noise/nonsense ratio in all of Taibbi's articles is absurdly low. It doesn't belong in r/finance.  There will always be a better article on any topic he touches on (such as this [outdated one](http://www.bondbuyer.com/issues/121_73/muni-ge-unit-exec-bid-rigging-trial-1038622-1.html) I just googled which gets to the point of what happened far more quickly).
Financial advisers like to ask lots of questions and get nitty-gritty about investment objectives, but for the most part this is not well-founded in financial theory.  Investment objectives really boils down to one big question and an addendum.  The big question is how much risk you are willing to tolerate.  This determines your expected return and most characteristics of your portfolio. The addendum is what assets you already have (background risk).  Your portfolio should contain things that hedge that risk and not load up on it.  If you expect to have a fixed income, some extra inflation protection is warranted.  If you have a lot of real estate investing, your portfolio should avoid real estate.  If you work for Google, you should avoid it in your portfolio or perhaps even short it. Given risk tolerance and background risk, financial theory suggests that there is a single best portfolio for you, which is diversified across all available assets in a market-cap-weighted fashion.
"You are spreading misinformation and propaganda in the form of ""knowledge"" which is why you should provide evidence for your claims.   The argument that ammonia is ""natural"" is ridiculous.   A lot of things are natural will kill you in small amounts.   You don't go into detail for your claims other than to act like people who don't want ammonia added to their meat are dumb and uninformed. Why don't tell us how much ammonia is okay? Should we just trust these corporations that everything they do is good for us?  You can spout your opinions on food where ever you want, but you are just as big an intellectual fraud as the people who avoid gluten and don't know what it is."
Unless you think it's likely that you'll move back soon, this is probably not the best way to get experience as a landlord. You might want to talk to a property management company and look at the fees they would charge to do your job as landlord. You should also consider that your mortgage may require you to occupy the house for a certain amount of time. Mortgages for non-owner-occupied properties usually have a higher interest rate and vetting criteria are more strict.
"First, I'm not a CPA or international tax accountant; my entire understanding of the French tax system is entirely from what I've read in places like the WSJ, Barrons, WaPo, etc.   However, ***my understanding*** is that French tax law works something like this. Let's say France has a tax rate of 35%. First, it must be assessed where the controlling entity is. In this case, if the majority of production and labor, or if the corporation is primarily based in France, it would proceed as follows. Taxes are initially paid based on transfer pricing to the original local entity (this avoids ""double taxation""). So in the example above, you would pay 10% to India on the $3,000,000 in profits ($300,000). You would then reduce the 35% French tax rate by the 10% already paid. This means you would pay an additional 25% to France ($750,000). The premise is that you have an effective ""minimum"" tax threshold for being in France. In the case above, companies like GE would have to pay the difference (this doesn't get into tax breaks/shelters on previously recorded losses, etc.).   Again, ***I AM NOT SURE ON THIS***. This is my basic understanding and am by no means a tax accountant/lawyer/etc. From what I understand; however, this hasn't necessarily been a good thing for France either (California is likely a similar case study with the Unitary return requirement). The fact is the world is very global nowadays. Its easier and cheaper for the companies to just leave instead of being forced to pay higher taxes...  IMO, Germany hit it right on the head. Low corporate tax rates with high personal tax rates. This maintains a very business friendly environment (business move there because of the skilled labor and low corporate taxes), but they effectively pass the burden on to individuals (who also benefit from the pro-business environment). You'd be hard pressed to find an economist that doesn't think Germany's economy has been very strong over the past decade (very good Soros speech that was recently posted about his analysis of the Euro and Germany's unfair benefits, but that's a whole different gear).   What I find the issue to be is the whole concept is complex enough that's difficult to explain to the average person with a 2 second attention span. That's why I like writing posts like this, to try to help people understand how finance and businesses operate behind the scenes!"
Если вы знаете сумму месячного розничного торгового оборота своей страны и готовы иметь маленький процент от огромного количества транзакций ежедневно совершаемых каждым человеком на этом рынке. Если вас интересуют, а главное если вы готовы к серьезным доходам. Если вы ищете перспективный и трендовый бизнес с минимальными вложениями, работающий в реальном секторе экономики. Который может обеспечить вас пассивным доходом на всю жизнь. Вы в нужном месте и в нужное время Посмотрите рекламный ролик, самой инновационной компании. ✔ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QojWv4lYOnc   #Belov_Alexandr #Flexkom #Трианекс #флекском #mcommerce #млм #бизнес #Trianex #франшиза #cashback
First, the stock does represent a share of ownership and if you have a different interpretation I'd like to see proof of that. Secondly, when the IPO or secondary offering happened that put those shares into the market int he first place, the company did receive proceeds from selling those shares. While others may profit afterward, it is worth noting that more than a few companies will have secondary offerings, convertible debt, incentive stock options and restricted stock that may be used down the road that are all dependent upon the current trading share price in terms of how useful these can be used to fund operations, pay executives and so forth. Third, if someone buys up enough shares of the company then they gain control of the company which while you aren't mentioning this case, it is something to note as some individuals buy stock so that they can take over the company which happens. Usually this has more of an overall plan but the idea here is that getting that 50%+1 control of the company's voting shares are an important piece to things here.
&gt;Ingratiate yourself, build up a history  Why do people think this is necessary? Nobody is going to care what your reddit history is unless you are one of the very few accounts with actual name recognition.  If I see a post about a product I'm not going to check the poster's karma to see if it is worth checking out. Who does that?
Thanks! I will admit the past few weeks were tough but yesterday when I was craving a fresh salad and fruit instead of stead and sausage it felt pretty good. Plus the health benefits from a plant based diet are just ridiculous.
The government is by the boomers for the boomers.  They're in senior management.  Gen X is middle management.  And Gen Y is just starting out.  The boomer generation is going to do what it thinks benefits the boomer generation.  If it means re-inflating housing market so boomers can unload or reverse-mortgage their house for retirement, so be it.
It is important for you to understand the calculus of the situation, while the Orange buffoon prances around in front of the world keeping people suitable entertained, a deeper and darker agenda is at play in the back ground.  It is not America first or the American people first, it is the Israeli agenda first and Israeli control of the US government and economy that is at play here, this is not a conspiracy or some tall tale, it is a simple statement of fact now and common knowledge.  Jokes aside, Nathanyahu is now permanently infesting Donald Trumps rectum and calling the shots.  The is only one way, Donald Trump can free himself of this infestation and free America and the American People from this Israeli Parasitic grip.  I am afraid you are going to have to go nuclear, you can have a nuclear bomb and still hug the trees and hump the whales . . .but if you don't have a nuclear bomb, it will not be too long before you become a terrorist state and are a threat to Israel's survival and must be wiped off the face of the earth.  You are never going to be part of the EU and always a second rate citizen in NATO and will end up going the way of Afghanistan, Libya, Iraq, Syria and Iran  Nuke up . . .Protect yourself
The basic problem here is that you need to have money to invest before you can make a profit from it.  Now if you have say $500K or more, you can put that in mutual funds and live modestly off the profits.  If you don't have that $500K to start out with, you're either looking at a long time frame to accumulate it - say by working a job for 30+ years, and contributing the max to your 401k - or are playing the market trying to get it.  The last is essentially gambling (though with somewhat better odds than casinos or horse racing), and puts you up against the Gambler's Ruin problem: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gambler's_ruin You also, I think, have a very mistaken idea about the a typical investor's lifestyle.  Take for instance the best known one, Warren Buffet.  No offence to him, but from everything I've read he lives a pretty boring life.  Spends all day reading financial reports, and what sort of life is that? As for flying places being exciting, ever tried it?  I have (with scientific conferences, but I expect boardrooms are much the same), and it is boring.  Flying at 30,000 ft is boring, and if it's a commercial flight, unpleasant as well.  A conference room in London, Paris, or Milan is EXACTLY the same as a conference room in Podunk, Iowa.  Even the cities outside the conference rooms are much of a muchness these days: you can eat at McDonalds in Paris or Shanghai.  Only way to find interest is to take time from your work to get outside the conference rooms & commercial districts, and then you're losing money.
&gt;(if that is his real name)  Haha, thanks for having a sense of humor. I suppose I was needlessly rude above because that particular unfounded assumption must activate my logic Nazi.   I've had accounts for close to 5 years, but you wouldn't know it by looking at the *MyLoginName* account.
Get in touch with a reliable company if you are looking for a range of small business financing solutions. Such companies offer consolidation loans to help smaller businesses take care of their previous obligations and this way manage their finances better
In my opinion, the average investor should not be buying individual stocks. One reason why is that the average investor is not capable of reading financial statements and evaluating whether a stock is overpriced or underpriced. As such, they're often tempted to make buy/sell decisions based solely on the current value of a stock as compared to the price at which they bought it. The real reasons to buy (or sell) a stock is the expectation of future growth of the company (or continued profit and expected dividends). If you aren't able to analyze a company's financial statements and business plan, then you really aren't in a position to evaluate that company's stock price. So instead of asking whether to sell based on a recent drop in stock price, you should be investigating why the stock price is falling, and deciding whether those reasons indicate a trend that you expect to continue.  If you buy and sell stocks based solely on recent trends in the stock price, you probably will end up buying stocks that have recently risen and selling stocks that have recently fallen. In that case, you are buying high and selling low, which is a recipe for poor financial outcomes.
"I have an answer and a few comments. Back to the basics:  Insurance is purchased to provide protection in case of a loss. It sounds as though you are doing well, from a financial perspective. If you have $0 of financial obligations (loans, mortgages, credit cards, etc.) and you are comfortable with the amount that would be passed on to your heirs, then you DO NOT NEED LIFE INSURANCE. Life insurance is PROTECTION for your heirs so that they can pay off debts and pay for necessities, if you are the ""bread-winner"" and your assets won't be enough. That's all. Life insurance should never be viewed as an investment vehicle. Some policies allow you to invest in funds of your choosing, but the fees charged by the insurance company are usually high. Higher than you might find elsewhere. To answer your other question: I think NY Life is a great life insurance company. They are a mutual company, which is better in my opinion than a stock company because they are okay with holding extra capital. This means they are more likely to have the money to pay all of their claims in a specific period, which shows in their ratings: http://www.newyorklife.com/about/what-rating-agencies-say Whereas public companies will yield a lower return to their stock holders if they are just sitting on additional capital and not paying it back to their stock holders."
To make you happy. The thing is, if they split 10 for 1, its still the exact same value in total. There are just more shares that are worth 35 instead of 350each. You need to know things like how many shares there are &lt;the float&gt; how rapidly the company is growing. If it has earnings at all and how much. There is a lot more to the value of a company than the price of the stock alone.
Yes, from June 1968 until December 1968, they closed the NYSE every Wednesday so they could catch up on paperwork representing billions of dollars in unprocessed transactions.  Even after the NYSE re-opened on Wednesdays in January 1969, they still had to close it early at 2pm for seven more months. Forbes has a description of this: Not to be forgotten, though, is the Paperwork Crunch. In a day of email and the Cloud and trading completed in microseconds, the idea that Wall Street needed Wednesdays off in the late 1960′s to catch up on back-office tasks seems especially quaint. Yet, in 1968, the NYSE found itself sitting on more than $4 billion in unprocessed transactions. Trading had risen to 21 million shares daily; by contrast, even in the heavy volume days in 1929, trading never went above 16 million shares. Papers stacked on desks. A (now old) joke formed: If a fan blew the wrong way in a Wall Street office, visitors below could expect a ticker-tape parade. “Everybody agreed that the securities-processing system had virtually broken down, and the only major point of dispute was who was more responsible for the mess: the back offices of the brokerage firms of the stock-transfer agents,” Securities and Exchange Commission Commissioner Ray Garrett, Jr. said in 1974. Some 100 broker-dealers failed, crumbling under the pressure of fulfilling those back-orders. The fix: an organization akin to the FDIC, the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Wall Street would stick to the shortened weeks from June to December; in January, Wednesday trading resumed, though it ended early at 2 for another seven months.
I've consulted to a few companies before and I have to say the biggest problem I found among them was their inability to understand growth.  Now, most companies become ambitious and in a sense want to grow and increase their profits but are completely off in how to do it.  This can be seen from a manufacturing/sales/engineering perspective and administrative functions. The idea that always sticks in their minds is they have to add personal if they wish to grow, though that isn't always true.  As an external person with no set bias, you should be able to figure out a creative way to their problems (even if they haven't noticed them yet).   Another area I've come to see problems in is debt. I've seen successful companies held down by their insistance they run a cash only business to others that took on too much debt.  There is no easy solution to this, yet a gradual and conservative approach to this area can help them in the long-run.  On the same topic, I often think there are lots of inefficiencies in finances (and the support groups) that can be remedied in an easy manner.   Lastly, the biggest problem I've seen with every single small business is customer service.  As they grow, the lack of training is apparent and there is no common ground as to how employees should be portraying their company.    Good luck!
"Modern portfolio theory dramatically underestimates the risk of the recommended assets.  This is because so few underlying assets are in the recommended part of the curve.  As investors identify such assets, large amounts of money are invested in them.  This temporarily reduces measured risk, and temporarily increases measured return.  Sooner or later, ""the trade"" becomes ""crowded"".  Eventually, large amounts of money try to ""exit the trade"" (into cash or the next discovered asset).  And so the measurable risk suddenly rises, and the measured return drops. In other words, modern portfolio theory causes bubbles, and causes those bubbles to pop. Some other strategies to consider:"
It is easier to get a loan on a rental than a flip, which is a huge advantage to rental properties. Leverage allows you to increase your returns and make more money off appreciation and higher rents. I use ARMs to finance my rental properties that are amortized over 30 years. I have to put 20 percent down, but my portfolio lender lets me get as many loans as I want. Because I put 20 percent down on my rental properties and they still have great cash flow I can buy three times as many properties as I could with cash purchases.  Buying more rental properties amplifies the other advantages like cash flow, equity pay down and the tax advantages.
Aeroprop, is one of the pinnacle leading propeller manufacturer organisation, who've greater than sixty five years of experience, along with all these items we carry out a huge range of Non-Destructive Testing inclusive of magnetic particle and eddy modern inspections, We test on housing gadgets propellers and different additives to come across microscopic cracks  or flaws that cannot be unseen through the naked eye.The Aeroprop Prop Cylinder Flush focused on first-class one product line, so whether or not it’s a 2-blade metallic propeller or a 6-blade composite device, our understanding of Hartzell plane propellers is remarkable. If you name for the super in your plane, don’t accept whatever a great deal much less. Aeroprop has been the leader in aircraft Hartzellpropeller structures for nearly a century.
"How is it gaming the system to ask customers who appreciated the service to write a review?   So now only ""trusted"" or more ""frequent"" users reviews count as legitimate? Perhaps those users reviews should supercede those of new reviewers, but not filter them entirely."
"The credit and debit terms here is, talking from bank's point of view (shouldn't be a surprise, banks are never known to look at things from the customers' POV ;)).  In accounting, a liability (loans, owners capital etc) is a credit balance and asset (cash, buildings and such) is a debit balance.  Your account is a liability to the bank (in accounting parlance that is because they owe you every single penny that is there in your account, btw, in literal parlance too if you really make their life harder ;))  So when the bank accepts money from you, they need to increase their asset (cash) which they will debit (higher debit balance for asset means more assets), and at the same time they also have to account for the added liability by ""crediting"" the deposited money into your account. So when bank says they have credited your account, it means you have more money in your account. Now, if you transfer money from your account to another, or make a payment through your account, your account will be debited and the beneficiary account will be credited(bank's liability towards you reduces) More or less what everyone else said here... but hey, I could also take a swipe at banks ;))"
Single person salary on 7.25 is about $1200 a month, before taxes. Rent in a slum is $500, then you have health and car insurance in the most optimistic situation, electric, water, phone that employer requires you to have, food and care products. This assuming no car note and never buying clothes. It's insane to me that people think that it's okay to subsidize their lifestyle by starving someone, and pretending that is possible.
&gt;Go Daddy opposes SOPA because the legislation has not fulfilled its basic requirement to build a consensus among stake-holders in the technology and Internet communities. Our company regrets the loss of any of our customers, who remain our highest priority, and we hope to repair those relationships and win back their business over time.  **Translation:**  We're still planning on fucking you, but we're going to wait until we're not the only dick at the party.
Angels are different from venture capitalists because they use their own personal money to invest in a business. Venture capitalists invest from a fund which they manage on behalf of those who invest in the fund. If you are interested in connecting with an angel investor right now, you can find one using Angel Investment Network.
Your credit rating will rise once the loan is repaid or paid regularly (in time). It will not get back to normal instantly. If the property is dead weight you may want to sell it so your credit score will increase in the medium term.
You fully support the free market.   Good for you. I support the worker over the corporation. What the fuck is the point of having a job(s!) which don't support you? You can go on and on about market equilibrium or whatever. Flat out I support raising the minimum wage. I support ending corporate welfare. I think this country has the means to support anyone willing to work as hard as her to make sure she and her kids have the very basics.   Define value for me.... Not everyone worships money or the 'free' market. I get what sub were on. Maybe you're a super practical person. But try and imagine you have her life. No life is not fair, slavery wasn't fair but humans tried to put an end to that. If you think it's ok for this to be how it is, we have nothing to speak further about.   And to your hypothetical- no I cannot come up with a number, congratulations. Bet if you went over to personal finance, gave them a location for this hypothetical, they would come up with a smaller range of numbers than you think. Also the argument that a teenager doesn't need to be paid a living wage is ridiculous. It's the exact argument that's been used to under pay women.   Maybe empathizing on this scenario is beyond you.
"I've been down the consolidation route too (of a handful of DC pensions; the DB ones I've not touched, and you would indeed need advice to move those around). What you should be comparing against is: what's the cheapest possible thing you could be doing?  Monevators' online platform list will give you an idea of SIPP costs (if your pot is big enough and you're a buy-and-hold person, ATS' flat-fee model means costs can become arbitrarily close to zero percent), and if you're happy to be invested in something like Vanguard Lifestrategy, Target Retirement or vanilla index trackers then charges on those will be something like 0.1%-0.4%.  Savings of 0.5-1.0% per year add up over pension saving timescales, but only you can decide whether whatever extra the adviser is offering vs. a more DIY approach is worth it for you. Are you absolutely sure that 0.75% pa fee isn't on top of whatever charges are built into the funds he'll invest you in?  For the £1000 fee, advisers claim to have high costs per customer because of ""regulatory burdens""; this is why there's talk of an ""advice gap"" these days: if you only have a small sum to invest, the fixed costs of advice become intolerable.  IMHO, nutmeg are still quite expensive for what they offer too (although still probably cheaper than any ""advised"" route)."
"The FSA, in contrast to the HSA, is not an ""account"" that you put money in.  FSA stands for ""Flexible Spending Arrangement,"" not ""Account.""  Technically, it is a defined-benefit plan.  Here is the difference: With an account such as an HSA, you put money into the account, and you get that same money out.  You can't take money out unless you first put money in. The FSA doesn't work that way.  Instead, you pick an annual amount that your FSA will cover, and work out a monthly fee to pay for it.  For example, you might decide on a $1800 FSA, which will cost you $150 per month.  However, the $150 you pay each month does not go into an account for you; instead, it goes to your employer, who is managing the plan. Let's say that in January, at the beginning of the plan year, you have a large medical expense of $1000.  You've only had $150 taken out of your paycheck so far this year, but you are covered for $1800, so you get reimbursed the full $1000.  This is referred to as ""uniform coverage"", meaning that you get the full $1800 of coverage on day 1 of the year. Now let's say that you leave your job in March.  You've only paid $450, and you've received $1000 in benefit.  You do not owe your employer the rest of the money; your employer eats this cost.  This is the trade-off that the FSA offers over other types of accounts: depending on an employee's circumstances, an employer might make money (use-it-or-lose-it) or might lose money (uniform coverage) on an individual employee. The idea behind the use-it-or-lose-it provision of the FSA is to help the employer pay for the uniform coverage provision. The details behind the FSA (and other types of health plans) are outlined in IRS Publication 969. I'm sure that a secondary reason behind the use-it-or-lose-it provision is that it encourages an employee to keep his FSA plan small, so he can use it all up and not have to lose too much of it at the end of the year.  And a smaller FSA contribution means more tax money for the government. To address your point that it shouldn't be this way: I'm personally not a fan of the FSA because of the use-it-or-lose-it provision.  But participation is voluntary, for both employers and employees.  You proposed an alternative set of rules for the FSA, but you are basically describing an HSA, in which you cannot spend more than you have, and you get to keep whatever is left over.  The recent rules changes that allow plans to feature a grace period or a small carryover balance were an attempt to make the FSA a little more attractive/useful, but if you want the ability to keep your money and not have to spend it at all, use an HSA instead."
"&gt; Would they go up at all?  I assume, based on the rest of your post, that this is in reference to new tenants?  &gt; If the minimum wage goes up some workers might choose to move out from living with relatives or roommates so there would be some increase in demand but we wouldn't be ""overflowing with potential tennants""  I was referring to the areas where people who are currently making $15/hr live. People can always live in cheaper areas, but the neighborhood generally reflects that, so people would rather live in the nicer places with less crime and better roads.   That you assume people will have relatives that they can live with tells me something.  &gt; and if rents started going up these new entrants to the housing market would likely fallback on their original housing setup with would moderate the impact.  Looks like you're starting to get it.  &gt; As far as gas goes, while I don't have specific numbers in front of me, I think it's a reasonable assumption that US labor costs are a relatively small percentage of what you pay at the pump so even if those costs went up you wouldn't expect prices to surge.  Oh, sorry, I thought you meant gas for the stoves and heat. You mean gasoline (maybe the brits have it right by calling it petrol).   That will increase as the value of our dollar decreases in relation to the rest of the world, due to the fact that we don't really make anything anymore."
Should go up because of a company is doing better than the market previously expected it to do, the implication is that it's undervalued at the current price and you buy now you're getting it for less than what it's worth.   If Trump was wrong, then the stock would trade up for a bit before ultimately finishing up where it started when the market realises there's nothing in what he said.
Perhaps the world does not like a Global economy dominated by a Fucking Moron, Perhaps the world does not see a future in a Jew dominated Fed that can print whatever it thinks sounds like fun and then lend it to the US treasury in an insurmountable mountain of debt.  Gosh . . .isn't the FED supposed to be pretending to unwind all  that 0 market valuation crap from 2008 ?  I wonder if there are even any houses after a decade
If you set a savings amount now and leave it totally fixed you're likely to massively undershoot or overshoot.  What is more likely is that you will adjust either your savings or your retirement expectations as things go along.  If it turns out you have $10M (2010 dollars) at age 50 perhaps you'll retire early, and if you have $10k perhaps you'll buckle down and work much longer or save much more. So I think what you are looking for is an assurance that if you budget to save x% of your salary over n years, and you get an after-inflation after-tax return of y% pa, you will eventually be able to retire on an income equivalent to z% of your working income.  It's pretty easy to calculate that through a future-value formula.   For instance, one set of values that works is saving 20% of income, 5% real return, 30 years = final income of 66% of working income.  Or save half your income and within 14 years you can retire and keep spending the amount you were previously spending.  Resist the temptation to crank up the assumed return until you get the value you want. I think it would be great hubris to try to make this very precise.  Yes, probably you will get raises, of course there are taxes to take into account (probably higher while you're saving), inflation and returns will vary from year to year, et.  You can guess at them.  But they'll change, and there are bigger things that are unpredictable: your personal life, your health, the economic future of your career or industry.  I reckon this simple formula is about as good as you will get.
"I have no personal knowledge of this company; I've only looked over what I found on the web.  Overall, my judgement is that Pension Benefit Information, Inc. of San Rafael, CA is likely legitimate and aboutmyletter.com is one of two sites run by them (the other being pbinfo.com). These two sites are registered to Pension Benefit Information, Inc. (aboutmyletter uses Network Solutions privacy service but gives the company name; pbinfo uses their name and San Rafael address.) They are in the BBB.  The president (of the 8 employee Co.), Susan McDonald, has testified (PDF on .gov site) before Congress about business uses of SSNs.  They made a (very schlocky) video, which has an interview with McDonald after several canned, generic, ""impressive"" introductions.  I found the interview convincing of a person actually running a small, real business of this type.  A short version is on their site, long version here. There are some queries about their legitimacy online (like this one), but I found nothing negative on them, and one somewhat positive. One article talks about the suspicions they run into when contacting participants, and has some advice.  Also, scammers are unlikely to pay the U.S. Postal Service money to send paper letters. So what are the dangers? Money or identity.  So don't pay them any fees (now or later), especially since it looks like their clients (retirement funds) pay on the other side.  As for identity information: What's in the letter?  Don't they show that they already know a bunch about you?  Old employer?  Maybe the last four digits of your SSN?  Your address (if this is not the forwarded-by-IRS type of contact letter).  Other things, maybe?  What information would you be giving up if you did respond to them fully? You could try contacting your old company directly (mentioning PBI, Inc,), although on their website PBI says you'll have to go through them.  (They probably get paid for each successful contact, and deserve it.)  Still, responding through mail or telephone to PBI seems like the reasonable thing to do."
Because you actually reside in New Zealand, your income taxes will be paid in New Zealand. However, as a non-resident of Australia you will have tax withholding on all of the interest you earn in an Australian bank account. Obviously, because that tax is paid to Australia, that will not be counted against your New Zealand income taxes due to the taxation agreement between those countries. You should still discuss this with an accountant in New Zealand and consider acting as a sole trader. Since you are doing freelance work, that seems like the most logical setup anyway.
"I understand the sentiment here, I truly do. However, to be consistent in ones rage against off-shore business and tax evasion strategies, then the list of companies that need to be boycotted is very, very long. Apple, Exxon, BoA, Citi, GE, Pfizer... Thousands of companies keep hundreds of billions off-shore and realize profits off-shore with all kinds of twisted schemes. The real solution here is to fix the tax laws and tax rates to stop ""inversion"" tactics."
"To the average consumer, the financial health of a bank is completely irrelevant.  The FDIC's job is to make it that way.  Even if a bank does go under, the FDIC is very good at making sure there is little/no interruption in service.  Usually, another bank just takes over the asset of the failing bank, and you don't even notice the difference.  You might have a ~24 hour window where your local ATM doesn't work. I also really question the ""FDIC is broke"" statement.  The FDIC has access to additional funding beyond the Deposit Insurance Fund mentioned in your link.  It also has the ability to borrow from the Treasury. If you look into the FDIC's report a bit closer, the amount in the ""Provision for Insurance Losses"" is not just money spent on failing banks.  It also includes money that has been set aside to cover anticipated failures and litigation.  Saying the FDIC is ""broke"" is like saying I am ""broke"" because my checking account balance went down after I moved some money into a rainy-day fund. Failure of the FDIC would signal a failure of our financial system and the government that backs it.  If the FDIC fails, your petty checking account would be meaningless anyway.  The important things would be non-perishable food, clean water, and guns/ammo. That said, it will be interesting to see the latest quarterly report for the FDIC when it is released next week.  The article implies things will look a little better for the FDIC, but we'll see."
Assuming you can get keep getting credit cards like this forever, you open yourself up to risk in short term losses. Stock/bond prices fluctuate. If you need to pay the money back for some reason (at the end of the 15 months) your investment may be less than the 5,000 you started with.
That's right. Thank goodness. Jobs was a fucktard who knew how to make phones produce incredible profit margins.  While Elon Musk is a man who is changing the way we travel, produce and use electricity, and make mankind a multiplanetary species.  Jobs was never fit to even clean Elon's shoes.
&gt;You make up the lost ad money by my subscription.   The problem with this is that they want far too much money for a subscription. The article is dead on that cable is grossly overpriced; I think most people who still get it do so because they need certain channels they can't get any other way - yet. So what will happen is that many of the current content providers will attempt to sustain their earnings by demanding subscription or PPV fees much higher than most people want to pay. For example:  * Shaw Cable PPV HD movie: $6.99, good for 24 hours * Netflix HD movie: $7.99/month for as many movies as I can find that I like  This is an order of magnitude different, and it's going to kill many 'traditional' businesses. I suspect the movie studios, cable companies, and other vested interests are going to try very hard to kill services like Netflix.
Financial Aid - the government gives you better interest rates and is a better lender.  Credit Cards - are for idiots.  Mortgage and Loans - Credit Unions give a much better deal. They actually re-invest in the community.  You can take you big banks and shove em' up your ass.
"The only thing I'd be concerned about is whether or not the credit report site offers a loan consolidation option right next to the statement that ""too many installment loans are lowering your score.""  If it is, then the site stands to get a kickback for referring you, and you might question whether or not the advice is correct. But if not, then take that statement at face value and look to consolidate.  Just run the numbers to see what it will cost (or save) you."
"You have to be firm. Refuse to work excessive overtime. This is why I switched to consulting. 16 hour days suck, but if you're billing for 16 hours, it makes it more bearable.   I've recently switched to the ""I only care about money"" mode of thinking, and switched to hourly pay after being salaried for almost 10 years. And it's not that it's the only thing that matters, but a lot of the rest of this stuff falls into place. It really simplifies things. You don't work for free. Your time is seen as a commodity. You are given goals and targets. You're not dragged into unnecessary meetings. Your opinion is respected. If you have to work saturday, you're sure as hell billing for it. If I take off at 2pm because I want to watch a hockey game, I just stop billing at 2 and there isn't this ""I'm not getting my money's worth!"" feeling from the manager."
Availing limo service Melbourne could be one of the most pleasant experiences that you can have, but experts say that this would be possible only when you stay very attentive throughout the hire process. Apart from being attentive and cautious, you can also take the following steps to make sure that you get the best of this experience.
meh,, regardless, it's obvious that the revenue of the USPS will continue to fall with online everything happening.  I would suggest we should start winding it down with full dismantle in 25 years.  There is no need.  Private companies can service our postal needs now.
I was in Detroit recently and Lyft drivers are getting cars from them to use and if they work a certain amount per week they don't have to return them after the shift. Gonna get pretty rapid growth giving out cars on a lease to own with no money down.
Yes, just set aside the amount of money. If you buy a cfd long in a stock for a 1000$, set aside 1000$. If you buy a cfd short, set aside the same amount and include a stoploss at the value at which the money is depleted. In this case however, you can stil lose more, because of opening gaps. By doing this, you replicate the stock return, apart from the charged interest rate.
It doesn't have to be. Public school is just fine. I did both growing up, and I don't know why people still think public school sucks. All the teachers were good in public school despite being a little less hard than my private school. Public schools are also very big on anti-bullying.
The funny thing is, if someone came into the front door of a bank branch and committed a robbery in which they stole a fraction of that much, he'd be spending a lot more time in jail.  People who abuse their positions of trust to steal far more are getting off with a slap on the wrist.  Something is fundamentally wrong there.  [Edit: I left a word]
Broadly speaking, a traditional account is better if you will be in a lower tax bracket in retirement (see for instance here).  When you put the money in now, you pay no taxes on it at your current (high) rate; when you take it out, you will pay taxes at your future (low) rate.  You push the taxes onto your future, lower-rate self. This is, crucially, assuming you can deduct the contribution on the traditional IRA.  If you can't (e.g., because you have an employer-sponsored plan and make too much money), the traditional IRA doesn't really gain you anything (see here). That is the basic story, but there are some other differences to consider as well.  For instance, if your income is too high, you cannot contribute to a Roth at all.  Also, with a traditional IRA you're required to start taking money out at a certain age, whereas with a Roth you never have to; this can make a difference if you have other retirement income and want to leave the money in the Roth (e.g., to pass on to your heirs without having to pay an intermediate tax at withdrawal). On a more speculative level, there is the possibility that tax rates may change between now and your retirement; some people try to hedge against this possibility by strategically allocating their retirement assets based on whether they think tax rates will rise or fall.
"even though they're only asking for 1/2 the money and have excellent credit that the mortgage company may not lend it to them if I'm over priced Yes. If the house's value, as determined by the appraisal, is less than the sale price, the bank will not finance the loan. Appraisals and the appraisal process have become much tighter since the Frannie and Freddie debacle. This fact is true regardless of amounts or credit history. Though this is happens somewhat rarely; typically if a seller and buyer agree to a price, this price is a reasonable value -- after all, that is nearly the definition of ""market value"". So, yes, it is true (and always true, for any financed purchase), but that shouldn't really affect your decision. If you try to sell for more than the appraisal, you will just lower the price to the appraised amount."
&gt;paint Trump as incompetent...  As an outsider with no dog in your race, Trump painted himself incompetent long before he even ran for election.  Hell in my country (before that mess of an election) all Trump was known for is being that billionaire who unsuccessfully tried to bully an old Scottish lady.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://aeon.co/essays/how-work-changed-to-make-us-all-passionate-quitters) reduced by 96%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; In doing so for work, they developed a metaphor - that every person should think of herself as a business, the CEO of Me, Inc. The metaphor took off, and has had profound implications for how workplaces are run, how people understand their jobs, and how they plan careers, which increasingly revolve around quitting.  &gt; In the US especially, there is a strong cultural consensus that people should feel passion for their work, and work hard.  &gt; She would tell an executive she was trying to recruit that if they no longer felt any passion for their work, then they were harming all their colleagues at work, who now had to work with someone who no longer enjoyed work to its utmost.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6qge9i/good_jobs_used_to_be_ones_with_a_good_salary/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~179016 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **work**^#1 **job**^#2 **company**^#3 **market**^#4 **quit**^#5"
"I love the ol' American response ""you gotta work hard to be successful"". Umm, no? Because if we'd all have a choice, I'm sure non would pick to be part of a minority, or purposefully choose to be born in rural, poverty stricken Africa."
"This isn't negotiations anymore. They are trying to change the deal after the fact. Stop negotiating and tell them they are bound to the agreement they signed. They are leaning on you because they know you are small and likely can't fight them. Document every conversation. Do not allow them to keep pushing after they've signed the agreement.  They accepted your bid (after giving your pricing to a competitor, which is shitty and should have been your first red flag). Then they started working on you. At that point your answer should have been ""we have a verbal agreement of x services for y price. A different scope of work is not scalable and would require a new quote.""  At this point you can either accept that they will continue to beat you up, or you can jam the contract down their throats until they agree or walk away.   I've been in a situation like this before. A major multinational asked for bid pricing that was agreed to be estimated only based on very loose requirements. Then they handed us a contract with that pricing included as ""not to exceed"".  We ended up walking away. It sounds like you may want to do the same if you can. Big companies often will have legal and payables departments that basically exist to fight any obligation to pay out money. In our case shortly after we ran into someone in our industry who'd worked with that company, and they said to assume that company would reject 30% of all invoices we sent. If nothing else, to delay payment just a bit longer so they could keep earning interest on the money.  Also, in the future I wouldn't turn away work until you are under a signed contract for a big project like this. You can't rely on such a contract to come through. If they drag feet and your schedule is full that's on them, or you bring in additional help or subcontract the work to deliver."
Many gains to be had, but the two rules of investing are don't lose money. So if you are to invest in marijuana, wait until marijuana is legal, and wait for the market leader to emerge, and see what their financials are like. Then invest, with enough information.
"If you look at a diffusion of innovations curve, the early adopters are different demographic than the others. When Reddit had less click traffic, less users, it was early adopters. Maybe some subs were echo chambers for views on unlimited free speech, but by and large, there were no echo chambers. People would make meta comments whenever they noticed an unpopular opinion being downvoted, saying things like, ""are you downvoting because you disagree, or because the comment is baseless?"" and the hive was willing to admit fault and correct behavior within that thread. In theory, people could argue about Bernie or Jeb Bush being better a stronger POTUS candidate, and up/down votes would be given based on how many links / sources were provided, not which candidate was proselytized. If some nut job mentioned Trump winning, it would be up-voted for visibility, so that intelligent discourse could commence about the outrageous notion, maybe links to previous stabs at a campaign, not a circlejerk with one video and dozens of photos of Trump admitting he'd sleep with his daughter and holding her on his lap inappropriately. That's what happens when early adopters of ~~Reddit~~ innovation lose their platform to the masses. People exploring new frontiers appreciate their liberty, and likely respect other people's liberty, as well. The public is conditioned that the custom and habit of their tribe are the laws of nature. There never has been free speech, and there never should be, and if you try, they will intentionally misbehave for negative attention or because the end justifies the means."
You can't ask insurers to use a particular score -- they have a state-approved underwriting model that they must follow consistently. Insurance companies make money by not paying claims, and poor credit score (including limit access to credit) increases the probability that you will file a small claim. Why? If you get into a minor accident (say $750 of damage) and have a $500 deductible, you are much less likely to file a claim to get $250 if you have access to a cash or credit lines to make the repairs yourself.  If you feel that you are going to be penalized for closing credit card accounts, the solution is simple -- don't close them. Other than an event where you need to sever a relationship with a co-owner of an account (ie, you break up with your significant other, dissolve a business, etc) or avoid paying an annual fee, there is no advantage to you closing a revolving credit account, ever. If you cannot control your spending, throw the card in the shredder. Eventually, the credit card company will close your account for inactivity, which affects your credit to a lesser degree. (The big exception is if you carry sufficient balances on other cards, your credit utilization ratio goes up materially.)
"It's a business/economic term for industries/companies that ""race to the bottom"" by doing things like slashing prices and sometimes cutting corners on production or service to beat out competitors to gain a majority market share. Essentially Amazon is doing this to try to make Whole Foods people's first thought when they think of getting groceries."
I hate restaurants that have a damn tv on every possible surface, especially ones that show sports. The only thing I hate worse is restaurants that have a tv on every possible surface AND have a radio blaring on top of that. It's like they can't imagine people actually want to talk to and be able to hear the people they went out to eat with. What's with the incessant racket and visual assault? Guess why we never go back to so many restaurants? Of course I'd rather invite people over for dinner. Nothing but some very soft light jazz playing you can barely hear, and you can actually enjoy the company. Not to mention the food at home is organic and is not drowned in fat and/or breading.
Zynga could be worth $7B but to believe that, you have to assume that its revenues will continue doubling every year for another 3 years.  They already have a proliferation of brands and there is a ton of competition.  They need a way to not just get more users, but get more money per user.
What exactly do you mean? Just so we're clear, no one should have to work two full-time jobs to support themselves. Part-time jobs, i'll allow a bit more flexibility, but if you're working full-time, you should have a living wage, yes.
I didn't quote FDR because he was always right, I quoted him because the minimum wage was created under him and that shows his viewpoint. Specifically, that it wasn't some job training wage or wage for high schoolers which people act like it is today.
I have already talked to them over the phone and they insist they   haven't charged me yet, and I will not be charged. When I informed   them I had in fact been charged they agreed it would be reversed. So I   have tried to resolve the issue and I don't have any confidence they   will reverse the charge as it has not been done yet. They are   difficult to communicate which makes the whole process more difficult. Your best next step is to call the credit card company and share this story.  I believe the likely result is that the credit card company will initiate a charge back. My question is, is this a valid reason to file a chargeback on my credit card? Yes.   If you attempted to work it out with the vendor and it is not working out, this is an appropriate time to initiate a charge back.
If you are in need of a dependable financial advisor Dundee, then MMG Archbold Chartered Accountants can help you out. They have experienced advisors who provide expert guidance on business finance, plans and more. To find out more about this company and the services they have on offer, visit their website at http://mmgca.co.uk/.
A couple of things you can do to structure your accounts include:
If I sell it for $50 can I write off the $50 loss. Only if you can establish that it is a normal part of your business and that you did not get $50 worth of use out of it.  That's the technical, legal argument.  As a practical matter, it's unlikely that they'll ding you for selling something after using it, as they won't know.  If they did catch you, you would be in trouble.  You can't deduct loss due to personal use.   The larger problem is that if you sell one TV for a $50 loss, they aren't going to believe that you are in the business of selling TVs.  If you sell a larger amount for a loss, then they still are unlikely to believe that you are in business.  If you sell a large amount for an overall gain, they are unlikely to notice that you took a loss on one TV.  They could only notice that if they were already auditing you, as that wouldn't be visible in your tax forms.
"In the United States if the person insures an article and then claims a loss of that article, the insurance replaces the missing/destroyed article. If later on the item is found the original is owned by the insurance company. The person who purchased the policy doesn't get to keep both.  Of course if the item was so valuable to be priceless the insurance company would be open to an exchange of items or money.  But if they suspect fraud...then it becomes a legal matter. Even when a life isn't involved it can be a source of dispute: http://www.artnet.com/magazineus/news/spencer/spencers-art-law-journal5-7-10.asp INSURED V. INSURER: WHEN STOLEN ART IS RECOVERED, WHO OWNS IT? Kenneth S. Levine  This essay is about the word ""subrogation,"" which frequently appears   in insurance policies. An insured painting is stolen and the insurance   company pays the owner’s claim for the value of the painting. Many   years later, when the painting is recovered, its value is many times   what it was when the insurance claim was paid. The insurance company   takes the position that it owns the painting, while the owner says I   own the painting, less the value of the insurance proceeds received.   The resolution of this dispute depends on the meaning of the word   ""subrogation"" in the insurance policy. When life insurance is involved, the item being replace is the lost stream of income. The question of returning money and how much would be a legal issue. They would also want to know if there was fraud, and who was involved."
There has been an abundance of articles in recent years which make it fairly clear that many participants in the Social Security system-- especially those who have started contributing recently, and going forward from that-- will experience negative rates of return. In other words, they will put in more than they will get out. Some examples of such articles: Time Magazine: But it is now official: Social Security is a lousy investment for the   average worker. People retiring today will be among the first   generation of workers to pay more in Social Security taxes than they   receive in benefits over the course of their lives, according to a new   analysis by the Associated Press. That AP piece, referenced by Time: People retiring today are part of the first generation of workers who   have paid more in Social Security taxes during their careers than they   will receive in benefits after they retire. It's a historic shift that   will only get worse for future retirees, according to an analysis by   The Associated Press. A piece which appeared in DailyFinance (includes a helpful graphic summary):  10 Myths About Social Security: Myth 4: Social Security Is a Good Deal for Today’s WorkersEven if   there were no reduction in benefits or increase in taxes—an   impossibility given Social Security’s looming financing   shortfalls—Social Security is an extremely bad investment for most   young workers. In fact, according to a study by the nonpartisan Tax   Foundation, most young workers will actually receive a negative return   on their Social Security taxes— they will get less in benefits than   they paid in taxes. Some studies indicate that a 30- year-old   two-earner couple with average income will lose as much as $173,500.   That actual loss does not even consider the opportunity cost, what   workers might have earned if they had been able to invest their taxes   in real assets that yield a positive return. In fact, a study by   financial analyst William Shipman demonstrates that, if a 25-year-old   worker were able to privately invest the money he or she currently   pays in Social Security taxes, the worker would receive retirement   benefits three to six times higher than under Social Security. Has that answered your question?
"I bought a house when I was 22, I also had $10k in student load debt. After the down payment, I had $1,500 to my name and $82k worth of debt. All the advice pointed to ""pay the minimum payment and invest the rest."" I discarded the advice and scrimped and put everything extra to those bills. I paid it all off by the time I was 31, and now at 34 I'm self employed, have about $110,000 saved up, a house worth $105,000, 2 cars worth a total of $8,000 and no debt. Keep in mind most of those years I was making $24-$30k a year I might have lost out on a couple years of investments, but right now there are no money worries... wouldn't you rather be like that instead of worrying if you might lose your job?"
The dividend is what represents your ownership in the CU.  The APY is a calculated figure that will help you compare apples to apples the return of the investment from many vendors and many types. (I think you CU might have had two different people writing that portion of the website, because the comparisons pages don't make that clear, and the pages don't layout the same way.)
Just got out of a wonderful seven-course dinner with two very qualified individuals: one is a former trade minister of a large ASEAN nation, and the other a retired Goldman Sachs partner. I'm not trying to name-drop here, just emphasize how these are some of the savviest investors I know. They spent the entire evening waxing on about click-and-collect and how Amazon is finally gaining a one-up on trad. retailers like Walmart who are expanding their online segments, by actually staking out some good PP&amp;E. As avid shoppers of Whole Foods and Amazon we are very excited to see where this goes.
"I have some equity research (sell-side) interviews (for 1st year analyst) positions coming up with some top-tier banks. I have recently completed the GMAT and scored and overall score of 710 (91st percentile). I have a further breakdown of my score which shows that my overall score was brought done by a 47th percentiles score in the ""sentence correction"" section, whilst the rest of my scores are &gt;90th for the other verbal sections.   1. Should I tell them my GMAT score? 2. Should I tell them the breakdown, and argue that it demonstrates that I am exceptionally strong in the sections for reading comprehension and critical reasoning, and that the sentence correction score is an anomalous result. Or would telling them this likely bring up concerns over my written communication skills?"
They're probably talking about flipping houses. The conventional wisdom when flipping is to purchase the property with a mortgage or other loan on day-0. Do the work to rehabilitate it. Get it listed for re-sale promptly (this step has varying strategies) with a profitable price but one that will make it move. Have the house sold on or before the first payment would be due. This is anywhere from 30 to 60 days. The flipper then never has to make a payment on the mortgage or loan, the costs of rehabilitating the home are recovered promptly (potentially before any loan, credit card payments, or invoices are due), and there is a profit. This also assumes that either a 100% loan or some other mechanism is used to address closing costs and fees. This model fits the premise of the infomercial in that you make money investing in real estate but never have to tie up any of your own money in the process.
"By the sounds of things, you're not asking for a single formula but how to do the analysis... And for the record you're focusing on the wrong thing. You should be focusing on how much it costs to own your car during that time period, not your total equity.  Formulas:  I'm not sure how well you understand the nuts and bolts of the finance behind your question, (you may just be a pro and really want a consolidated equation to do this in one go.) So at the risk of over-specifying, I'll err on the side of starting at the very beginning. Any financial loan analysis is built on 5 items: (1) # of periods, (2) Present Value, (3) Future Value, (4) Payments, and (5) interest rate.  These are usually referred to in spreadsheet software as NPER, PV, FV, PMT, and Rate. Each one has its own Excel/google docs function where you can calculate one as a function of the other 4. I'll use those going forward and spare you the 'real math' equations.  Layout: If I were trying to solve your problem I would start by setting up the spreadsheet  up with column A as ""Period"". I would put this label in cell A2 and then starting from cell A3 as ""0"" and going to ""N"". 5 year loans will give you the highest purchase value w lowest payments, so n=60 months... but you also said 48 months so do whatever you want.  Then I would set up two tables side-by-side with 7 columns each. (Yes, seven.) Starting in C2, label the cells/columns as: ""Rate"", ""Car Value"", ""Loan Balance"", ""Payment"", ""Paid to Interest"", ""Principal"", and ""Accumulated Equity"". Then select and copy cells C2:I2 as the next set of column headers beginning in K2. (I usually skip a column to leave space because I'm OCD like that :) ) Numbers: Now you need to set up your initial set of numbers for each table. We'll do the older car in the left hand table and the newer one on the right. Let's say your rate is 5% APR. Put that in cell C1 (not C3). Then in cell C3 type =C$1/12. Car Value $12,000 in Cell D3. Then type ""Down Payment"" in cell E1 and put 10% in cell D1. And last, in cell E3 put the formula =D3*(1-D$1). This should leave you with a value for the first month in the Rate, Car Value, and Loan Balance columns. Now select C1:E3 and paste those to the right hand table. The only thing you will need to change is the ""Car Value"" to $20,000. As a check, you should have .0042 / 12,000 / 10,800 on the left and then .0042 / 20,000 / 18,000 on the right.  Formulas again: This is where spreadsheets become amazing. If we set up the right formulas, you can copy and paste them and do this very complicated analysis very quickly.  Payment The excel formula for Payment is =PMT(Rate, NPER, PV, FV). FV is usually zero. So in cell F3, type the formula =PMT(C3, 60, E3, 0). Obviously if you're really doing a 48 month (4 year) loan then you'll need to change the 60 to 48. You should be able to copy the result from cell F3 to N3 and the formula will update itself.  For the 60 months, I'm showing the 12K car/10.8K loan has a pmt of $203.81. The 20K/18K loan has a pmt of 339.68.  Interest The easiest way to calculate the interest is as =E3*C3. That's (Outstanding Loan Balance) x (Periodic Interest Rate). Put this in cell G4, since you don't actually owe any interest at Period 0.  Principal If you pay PMT each month and X goes to interest, then the amount to principal is ""PMT - X"". So in H4 type =-F3 - G3. The 'minus' in front of F3 is because excel's PMT function returns a negative amount. If you want to, feel free to type ""=-PMT(...)"" for the formula that's actually in F3. It's your call.  I get 159 for the amount to principal in period 1.  Accumulated Equity As I mentioned in the comment, your ""Equity"" comes from your initial Loan-to-Value and the accumulated principal payments. So the formula in this cell should reflect that. There are a variety of ways to do this... the easiest is just to compare your car's expected value to your loan balance every time. In cell I3, type =(D3-E3). That's your initial equity in the car before making any payments. Copy that cell and paste it to I4. You'll see it updates to =(D4-E3) automatically. (Right now that is zero... those cells are empty, but we're getting there) The important thing is that as JB King pointed out, your equity is a function of accumulated principal AND equity, which depreciates. This approach handles those both.  Finishing up the copy-and-paste formulas I know this is long, but we're almost done.  Rate // Period 1 In cell C4 type =C3.  Payment // Period 1 In cell F4 type =F3.  Loan Balance // Period 1 In cell E4 type =E3-H4. Your loan balance at the end of period is reduced by the principal you paid. I get 10,641.  Car Value // Period 1 This will vary depending on how you want to handle depreciation. If you ignore it, you're making a major error and it's not worth doing this entire analysis...  just buy the prettiest car and move on with life. But you also don't have to get it scientifically accurate. Go to someplace like edmunds.com and look up a ballpark. I'm using 4% depreciation per year for the old (12K) car and 7% for the newer car. However, I pulled those out of my ass so figure out what's a better ballpark.  In G1 type ""Depreciation"" and then put 4% in H1. In O1 type ""Depreciation"" and then 7% in P1. Now, in cell D4, put the formula =D3 * (1-(H$1/12)).  Paste formulas to flesh out table As a check, your row 4 should read 1 / .0042 / 11,960 / 10,641 / 203.81 / 45 / 159 / 1,319. If so, you're great. Copy cells C4:I4 and paste them into K4:Q4.  These will update to be .0042 / 19,883 / 17,735 / 339.68 / 75 / 265 / 2,148.  If you've got that, then copy C4:Q4 and paste it to C5:C63. You've built a full amortization table for your two hypothetical loans. Congratulations.  Making your decision I'm not going to tell you what to decide, but I'll give you a better idea of what to look at. I would personally make the decision based on total cost to own during that time period, plus a bit of ""x-factor"" for which car I really liked.  Look at Period 24, in columns I and Q. These are your 'equities' in each car. If you built the sheet using my made-up numbers, then you get ""Old Car Equity"" as 4,276. ""New Car Equity"" is 6,046. If you're only looking at most equity, you might make a poor financial decision.  The real value you should consider is the cost to own the car (not necessarily operate it) during that time... Total Cost = (Ending Equity) - (Payment x 24) - (Upfront Cash).  For your 'old' car, that's (4,276) - (203.81 * 24) - (1,200) = -1,815.75 For the 'new' car, that's (6,046) - (339.68 * 24) - (2,000) = -4,106.07.  Is one good or bad? Up to you to decide. There are excel formulas like ""CUMPRINC"" that can consolidate some of the table mechanics, but I assumed that if you're here asking you would have gotten stuck running some of those.  Here's the spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ah0weE0QX65vdHpCNVpwUzlfYjlTY2VrNllXOS1CWUE#gid=1"
&gt;He stole from other rich people.  That isn't true.  From the article: &gt;Shkreli was convicted of three of eight charges, including securities fraud. He was acquitted of fraud charges related to allegations that he looted Retrophin to pay off his hedge-fund investors.   Based on the charges in which he was convicted, it sounds like he misled investors about the nature, type, and risk of their investments and lied about the state of the company and Funds.  The interesting part is that it sounds like there were no actual victims from this.  He did return the investments with significant returns.  His malfeasance appears to be purely a result of *lying* and not following the law regarding disclosures even when regularly warned by the CCO of his firm.
What did I miss? Seems like this suit has zero merit, even if the logos are nearly identical, which they're not as far as I can tell?  edit: Reminds me of [Lays knocking off the packaging for local Oregon produced Jaunitas](http://www.wweek.com/portland/blog-31530-frito-lays-fake-local-tortilla-chips-take-aim-at-oregons-juanitas.html) chips.  Nothing like trying to confuse your customers into buying your multinational brand instead of the local mom and pop joint.  Seriously fuck Lays.
Don't start by investing in a few individual companies. This is risky. Want an example? I'm thinking of a big company, say $120 billion or so, a household name, and good consistent dividends to boot. They were doing fairly well, and were generally busy trying to convince people that they were looking to the future with new environmentally friendly technologies. Then... they went and spilled a bunch of oil into the Gulf of Mexico. Yes, it wasn't a pretty picture if BP was one of five companies in your portfolio that day. Things would look a lot better if they were one of 500 or 5000 companies, though. So. First, aim for diversification via mutual funds or ETFs. (I personally think you should probably start with the mutual funds: you avoid trading fees, for one thing. It's also easier to fit medium-sized dollar amounts into funds than into ETFs, even if you do get fee-free ETF trading. ETFs can get you better expense ratios, but the less money you have invested the less important that is.) Once you have a decent-sized portfolio - tens of thousands of dollars or so - then you can begin to consider holding stocks of individual companies. Take note of fees, including trading fees / commissions. If you buy $2000 worth of stock and pay a $20 commission you're already down 1%. If you're holding a mutual fund or ETF, look at the expense ratio. The annualized real return on the stock market is about 4%. (A real return is after adjusting for inflation.) If your fee is 1%, that's about a quarter of your earnings, which is huge. And while it's easy for a mutual fund to outperform the market by 1% from time to time, it's really really hard to do it consistently. Once you're looking at individual companies, you should do a lot of obnoxious boring stupid research and don't just buy the stock on the strength of its brand name. You'll be interested in a couple of metrics. The main one is probably the P/E ratio (price/earnings). If you take the inverse of this, you'll get the rate at which your investment is making you money (e.g. a P/E of 20 is 5%, a P/E of 10 is 10%). All else being equal, a lower P/E is a good thing: it means that you're buying the company's income really cheap. However, all else is seldom equal: if a stock is going for really cheap, it's usually because investors don't think that it's got much of a future. Earnings are not always consistent. There are a lot of other measures, like beta (correlation to the market overall: riskier volatile stocks have higher numbers), gross margins, price to unleveraged free cash flow, and stuff like that. Again, do the boring research, otherwise you're just playing games with your money.
"First, on Applebees:  &gt;Applebee’s is also assessing “whether the brand truly gets credit for hand-cutting steaks in the restaurant and whether we should continue with this approach,” Cywinski said.  No, you don't get credit for doing that. Because we don't believe you. Your steaks aren't hand cut... They are frozen, vacuum packed in plastic, hand opened, and hand microwaved. Just like everything else you serve. You are a liar, you don't employ chefs or even cooks, and in place of cooks, we believe that you have an army of high school sophomores in back furiously pushing buttons on the microwaves.   And even if your food isn't microwaved, it tastes like it is. If it really, truly isn't and that taste is the result of actual cooking, you've got an even bigger problem. Cause cooked food isn't supposed to taste like that.   You suck and your restaurant sucks. You think you deserve more affluent customers? One of the whole points of becoming more affluent is not having to eat at Applebees anymore!   On IHOP: IHOP got rid of their Chorizo omelet.   For that, fuck you IHOP.   FUCK YOU UP THE FUCKING ASS FOR GETTING RID OF LITERALLY THE ONLY REASON TO EAT AT IHOP!   I went there for breakfast just today, and they completely ruined it by not letting me have the Chorizo Omelet I went there for.   You know what they replaced it with?   Guess.   Just guess...   A mother fucking **cheeseburger omelet.**  **CHEESEBURGER. OMELET.**  **IT LITERALLY COMES WITH KETCHUP, MUSTARD AND PICKLES ON A FUCKING OMELET.**  ""Oh good morning! Welcome to IHOP! Would like some breakfast? Some coffee and pancakes? Yes?""  ""Would you also like if I went ahead and SQUIRTED SOME FUCKING MUSTARD ON THAT FOR YOU?!?!?! WOULD YOU LIKE SOME FUCKING PICKLES WITH YOUR COFFEE?!?!""  ""WELCOME TO BREAKFAST IN HELL MOTHERFUCKER!  WELCOME TO IHOP!""  Applebees and IHOP can both fuck off and die.   Bring back the Chorizo Omelet you fucking assholes!!!"
"Best strategy that has worked for me is to remember first of all that you hardly ever need anything ""right now"". Try this: if you see something you want to buy, leave it for at least two weeks, better yet a month. If after that time you have hardly thought about it, then you almost certainly don't need it. But if you've thought quite a lot about owning it and how it will be beneficial, then perhaps it's worth picking up. You will probably find that a small percentage of things you'd like to buy make it through that screening period."
You'll need to show the whole paper trail: show that the $2000 are the same $2000 (i.e.: show that you didn't get any new income that was not yet reported on your Elance balance), and show that it was in fact transfer from Elance (matching transactions on both accounts). Obviously, add a letter describing the whole process and pointing to the specific pages and lines in the statements and prior year tax returns. Follow the instructions on the notice about where to send your response, and make sure you send it certified USPS mail. Consider having a tax professional (EA/CPA licensed in your State) helping you with this. For the future - do not leave money on various private parties' accounts. It is uninsured, and if something happens to that company - you lose the money. That includes, in the US, also PayPal accounts.
I'd also like to know how many, non minimum wage jobs have been scraped, and replaced with lower skilled workers paid minimum wage.  Sure the low end of the work force has more money, the middle is getting pinched, by the rising cost of goods and no increase in income.
Security in the merchant services system is mainly handled in two ways: 1) Before transactions are done, the business itself must go through an application process similar (but not identical) to getting a loan.  Some high risk businesses must pay higher fees due to the increased likelihood of customer complaints. 2) When a customer disputes a transaction, that's a mark against the business.  Get too many of these disputes, and your priviledge of accepting credit cards will be revoked, meaning you won't be able to again. It's in the merchant's best interest to verify customer's identity, because disputes cost them money directly.  It's in the servicer's best interest to verify the businesses integrity, because fraud drives up the cost for everyone else. As a whole, it's quite a reactionary system, yet in practice it works remarkably well.
If you feel comfortable taking an 8% gain on your stocks, then yes, you should sell. It is generally a good idea to know when you want to sell (either a price or %) before you ever actually buy the stocks. That helps from getting emotional and making poor decisions.
You don't have an inherent right to spout hatred wherever you want, free of any consequences. You can, just like everyone else, apply for a permit and protest in a public square. But your rights aren't being infringed upon when private entities decide that your politics and rhetoric are distasteful and incompatible with them. Not all ideas are created equal, and white supremacy is incompatible with a civilized society. By all means, feel free to march down the street carrying racist signs and screaming about (((globalism))) and the deep state, but don't get pissy when polite society decides they want nothing to do with you.    Internet companies have been policing free speech since the Internet was invented btw. Google and Facebook work closely with oppressive regimes all around the world, most notably China. I find it interesting that most people on reddit didn't care about that until they started drawing lines on hate speech in the USA and Europe.
At your age, the only place you are going to get a loan is from relatives. If you can't... Go to next year's conference. Missing it this year might feel like a disaster, but it really, really isn't.
Series I Savings Bonds would be another option that have part of their return indexed to inflation though currently they are yielding 1.64% through April 30, 2016 though some may question how well is that 3% you quote as an inflation rate. From the first link: Series I savings bonds are a low-risk savings product. While you own   them they earn interest and protect you from inflation. You may   purchase electronic I bonds via TreasuryDirect or paper I bonds with   your IRS tax refund. As a TreasuryDirect account holder, you can   purchase, manage, and redeem I bonds directly from your web browser. TIPS vs I Bonds if you want to compare these products that are rather safe in terms of avoiding a nominal loss. This would be where a portion of the funds could go, not all of them at once.
I used to think that too.  Two electric cars for 3 years now and I've only used public charging &lt;5 times.  It could make sense when everyone has them so you can get scale, but at that point you'll just charge faster (they are already talking about halving the speed to 80%)
My company has a dashboard that basically does this. We select industries / companies we want to be notified of and we get an email in outlook when a new analyst note, research report, or SEC filing is posted on that industry or company.
If you are putting down less than 20% expect to need to pay PMI.  When you first applied they should have described you a group of options ranging from minimal to 20% down. The monthly amounts would have varied based on PMI, down payment, and interest rate. The maximum monthly payment for principal, interest, taxes, and insurance will determine the maximum loan you can get. The down payment determines the price of the house above the mortgage amount.  During the most recent real estate bubble, lenders created exotic mortgage options to cover buyers who didn't have cash for a down-payment; or not enough income for the principal and interest, or ways to sidestep PMI. Many of these options have disappeared or are harder to get. You need to go back to the bank and get more information on your different options, or find a lender broker who will help you.
Different risks require different hedges.  You won't find a single hedge that will protect you against any risk.  The best way to think about this is who would benefit if those events occurred?  Those are the people you want to invest in.  So if a war broke out, who would benefit?  Defense contractors.  Security companies.  You get the idea. You also need to think about if you really need to hedge against those things now or not.  For example, I wouldn't bother to hedge against global warming or peak oil.  It's not like one morning you're going to wake up, turn on CNNfn and see that the stock market is down 500 points because global warming or peak oil just hit.  These are things that happen gradually and you can react to them gradually as they happen.
"Using your Uber vs. Medallion taxi driver as an example...  The problem in the sharing economy is an individual -- working as an independent contractor -- takes on all the risk and reaps diminishing rewards while the profit of the company to which the individual is contracted increases significantly.   Case in point with Uber: Let's say you decide you want to drive for UberX. You lease a Prius, and thus are on the hook financially for $350/month + $100/month insurance + $300/month gas and other car expenses, and you'll have that for three years. That's a $750 nut.   Your nut remains the same, but you have very little protection to ensure that your earnings are going to continue to come in, especially if you look at it long term. I am most familiar with the ridesharing market here in Seattle, and just in the last two years the number of ridesharing drivers (Uberx, Lyft, Sidecar) has exceeded an estimated 3,000. Sure, the customer base grows, but there is also a continuing influx of additional drivers competing for those ""fares."" With the medallion system, there is some level of protection to ensure that the industry remains viable for those who carry a medallion (I am not advocating completely for this system and realize that the complacency the government protection gave to the taxi industry led to customer service/quality issues.)   So back to Uber...As Uber fights for market share, both capturing from the taxi industry but also competing against Lyft and people driving their own cars, they lower prices. In some cases these lower prices have been in the form of discounts, in some cases, lower fares. In Seattle, currently, the minimum fare for an UberX ride is $4. It was $6 a year ago. Uber takes a 20 percent cut from drivers, and also charges drivers $10 a week to use their service. If a driver makes $1000 a week in fares, they pull down $800 of that, after taxes, let's call it $600, so over the course of a month, you're looking at $2400, minus your nut (including phone rental) let's call it $1600 take home pay.   These people aren't getting rich to begin with, and are at a huge risk for when Uber or Lyft or Task Rabbit or whoever decides to cut their prices again. These services are beyond great for the consumer, but are a temporary stopgap for anyone relying on them for work. The big problem here is that companies like Uber are advertising HEAVILY that you can make $30/hour on their service, enticing people to make investments in things like cars to drive with them, but at the end of the day, you're an independent contractor and Uber owes you nothing.   I believe Uber (I single them out because I think Lyft is a little better at this) preys on the ignorance of potential drivers to lure them into the system."
"To claim medical expenses on your taxes they need to exceed 7.5% of your AGI, and then only the amount over 7.5% is deductible.  That's not much.  There is no ""floor"" if you use an FSA as it's all pre-tax. If you're concerned about use or lose, then allot less next year.  It's all what you're comfortable with."
Basically the right idea is: 1) invest in something you understand 2) be creative 3) use your own idea, don't copy what other people are doing Your current plan seems pretty creative and you seem to understand it, so it fits the requirements.
&gt; what an awfully-written, rambling article.   Why is this always the top voted kind of comment whenever a blog post is submitted on Reddit?  The entire point of blogging was to get viewpoints outside of professional journalism.  When that happens, when non-pro-writers write with no pro-editor, then (surprise) you get at-best a second draft.   If you want to only read polished, editor-reviewed works, then stick to the mainstream media.  Furthermore, your counter-point about trying to get the best contract doesn't really contradict what the blogger was writing about: being sold a false dream.  Reddit loves negative and dismissive comments though so enjoy your karma.
You can find all the essential amino acids in the plant kingdom. The only thing that isn't found in the plant kingdom is B12, which is a bacteria found in good quality dirt. So unless you eat high quality free range meat or kill your own meat you won't be getting any B12.
If financial modelling, projections and market research were effective enough that they could predict with certainty what the price would do tomorrow, then everyone would use those techniques, buy now and make relatively risk-free profit tomorrow though, right? The point of an efficient market is that the price at any particular point in time incorporates all of the information available to the market at that moment. Given that, the price should be just as likely to go up tomorrow as go down.   Whether it's reasonable to assume that the market is efficient is another question - at the very least though, I think it's reasonable to assume that people armchair investing at home don't have access to information that professional investors don't.
"&gt;There's also very little evidence that the Republican health care plan will work in the real world as described, and in fact not very much evidence that Republicans care. Their overwhelming goal, as far as anyone can tell, is to pass something that they can call ""repealing and replacing"" Obamacare; the goal of a smoothly-functioning health care system just doesn't seem to matter very much to them.  =:-("
"With the second example, if you continue to read on you will see that although directors must try and maximise shareholders wealth. That precedence doesn't change however the interpretation of the actions and whether they maximise shareholders wealth does. For example giving money to charity with regards to the Doge v. Ford case would probably have been blocked on the grounds that it decreases shareholder wealth, but later cases such as A. P. Smith Manufacturing Co. v. Barlow say that donations can increase shareholders wealth in the long run. So it gives a broader coverage of the actions deemed to increase shareholder wealth.  The second is related to short term vs long term wealth but part of the reason for it was due to the inability of Paramount to prove that the value increase for shareholders in the long run from selling to Viacom rather than QVC would be larger than the difference between the two offers, which was 1.3 billion. Then there is also the issue of shareholders rights and the companys ability to block shareholders from selling to whomever they want. So as I said it's related, but the issue isn't solely and simply about short term vs long term wealth.  Both examples are kind of weak as in the first, well the issue doesn't really exist in the present day as previous case law has broadened the definition of actions which increase shareholder wealth, and in the second, short term vs long term value is related, but mostly tagging along with a larger issue. Your original statement was ""in matters of cost vs. quality I'd expect publicly traded companies to prioritize short-term shareholder profit (or be sued by said shareholders.)""  Are there any examples where shareholders have sued simply because they wanted better short term performance over long term performance?"
First of all, realize that buying a home isn't really an investment.  It is cheaper to rent.  In recent years, people were able to sell their houses for astronomical profits, but that won't be happening much in the future.  Additionally, there are many hidden costs of owning a home. Regarding the mortgage interest tax deduction, don't buy a house just to get this.  It is like spending $1 to get back some amount of money less than $1.  So just keep that in mind. Are you debt free?  If not, pay off your other debts before buying a home.  I follow the advice of Dave Ramsey, so I'll echo it here.  Make sure you have an emergency fund and no debt. At this point I think you are ready to buy a house.  When you do, put down as much as you can; above 20% if possible.  Then get a 15 year fixed rate mortgage. At this point, start saving for your kid's college (if you believe in that) and paying down your home. Having no mortgage is a dream many people never have.  I cannot wait until I have no mortgage.  Don't get suckered into getting a high priced loan.  Pay down as much of the price of the house as possible up front.  This gives you flexibility too.  What if you need to sell quickly?  Well, you will have equity from the get-go, so this will be much easier. Good luck with your purchase!
This guy has no idea what he's talking about. Depaul is a great place with a ton of talent. I got multiple internships at big time companies such as Deloitte because of the depaul name and how reliable our students are. The city's businesses want to hire you.
Your line of reasoning is why you should have a timeline on a prediction.  It's been, what, 12 years now of near constant assertions that huge inflation is just right around the corner.  How long should we wait for it?  How many people's jobs, skills, health and education should we sacrifice right now to keep the inflation, which there is absolutely no sign of whatsoever, at bay?  Keep in mind that idling all this productivity assures more poverty, and more deflationary pressures as people can't pay their bills, take out debts, buy homes, or go to college, let alone make a better place for their kids to grow up in.
I'm in the US and I once transferred shares in a brokerage account from Schwab to Fidelity.  I received the shares from my employer as RSUs and the employer used Schwab.   After I quit and the shares vested, I wanted to move the shares to Fidelity because that is where all my other accounts are.  I called Fidelity and they were more than happy to help, and it was an easy process.  I believe Schwab charged about $50 for the transfer. The only tricky part is that you need to transfer the cost basis of the shares.  I was on a three-way phone call with Schwab and Fidelity for Schwab to tell Fidelity what the purchase price was.
This just goes to show you have no understanding of the subject. Rich people do not have 'trillions of dollars' sitting around in bank accounts. Most of their wealth is owning assets like means of production (factories) or real estate.
Options - yes we can :) Options tickers on Yahoo! Finance will be displayed as per new options   symbology announced by OCC. The basic parts of new option symbol are: Root symbol + Expiration   Year(yy)+ Expiration Month(mm)+ Expiration Day(dd) + Call/Put   Indicator (C or P) + Strike price Ex.: AAPL January 19 2013, Put 615 would be AAPL130119P00615000 http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL130119P00615000&ql=1 Futures - yes as well (: Ex.: 6A.M12.E would be 6AM12.CME using Yahoo Finance symbology. (simple as that, try it out) Get your major futures symbols from here: http://quotes.ino.com/exchanges/exchange.html?e=CME
"After we fired a whole slew of higher paid employees with good benefits we waited. Then we re-hired a whole bunch more again at lower pay and bad benefits.   See! We made 800 jobs by ""restructuring"" and that's big news!  Seriously though, they've done this a few times over in Michigan already. Not sure why it's news now."
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/metacanada] [\/r\/business not supportive of Roots going public](https://np.reddit.com/r/metacanada/comments/709pd4/rbusiness_not_supportive_of_roots_going_public/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/making-sense/demand-nursing-isnt-going-away-will-men-join-ranks/) reduced by 95%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; While the percentage of men in registered nursing has risen over the decades - a mere 3 percent were nurses in 1970, for instance - the numbers are still surprisingly low for a field that has seen immense growth.  &gt; There were more than 9,000 registered nurse vacancies in the Sunshine State in 2015, according to the Florida Center for Nursing.  &gt; Better pay could encourage more men to enter the health care field, Stevenson said, noting that in Cuba, a number of the jobs we think of as &amp;quot;Women&amp;#039;s work&amp;quot; in the U.S. - like hotel maids - were done by men because tourism jobs pay well.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6f52sm/the_demand_for_nursing_isnt_going_away_will_more/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~135895 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **nurse**^#1 **job**^#2 **nursing**^#3 **men**^#4 **health**^#5"
&gt;Stay in Portland, racist filth.   Standard right-wing MO, accuse your opponents of what you are most guilty of yourself.  You were complaining about people being illegal immigrants. I gave a simple solution, make them legal. The only reason you should have a problem with that solution is if your original complaint about illegalness isn't your real reason.
It is for the pain of being poor and useless. ;)  But seriously, the United States is not going to have a plan for what to do when many jobs can be done by AI. I guess the only plan is to provide plenty of opiods so discarded people can bow out gracefully.
&gt; but the term means more than just any genetically modified organism  Except that's what it literally means.  While it doesn't typically include things that are specifically bred, it's as if folks are afraid of DNA in general.  There's no reputable research that in any way indicates that GMO materials pose any health threat to us.
We have a professional florist team that always searches the lost stylish design flower bouquets and our great flower shop is committed to designing the beautiful, quality arrangements and offering customer services to the clients. Here, you can select your favorite flower gift and you can veryday purchase fresh flower from the Rustic Posy great florist in Australia. Your first choice usually will be a brick and mortar florist. But, the ease and convenience of online wedding flowers delivery are unbeatable. Are you wondering why you should buy flowers online? Here are a few benefits that will convince you to switch to online. There are several occasional events to buy online flower gift. We have  unique collection of the fresh wedding flowers  of every types.
"With stocks, you can buy or sell. If you sell first, that's called 'shorting.' As in ""I think linkedin is too high, I'm going to short it."" With options, the terminology is different, the normal process is to buy to open/sell to close, but if you were shorting the option itself, you would first sell to open, i.e you are selling a position to start it, effectively selling it short. Eventually, you may close it out, by buying to close.  Options trading is not for the amateur. If you plan to trade, study first and be very cautious."
"For the first and last questions, I can do this multiple ways.  For the middle question, I'll just make up values.  If you want different ones, you will have to redo the math.   I am going to assume that you participate in the merger exchange, swapping your share for their offer.   If you own one share, it depends how they handle fractional shares.  Your original one share of ABC can be worth either one share of XYZ or 1.05 shares of XYZ.  If you get one share, you typically get an additional $.80 cash to make up for the fractional share.   You might ask why you don't just get $20 cash and one share of XYZ.  Consider the case where you own twenty shares of ABC.  Then you'd own twenty-one shares of XYZ and $384.  No need for fractional shares.   Beyond all this though, the share value of XYZ is not set autocratically.  The shares might be worth $16, $40, or $2 after the merger.  If both stocks are perfectly valued and the market is aware of that value, then it will depend partially on the number of shares of each.   For example, if we assume there are 10,000 shares of ABC and 50,000 shares of XYZ (including the shares paid for ABC), then their initial market values are $320,000 for ABC and $800,000 for XYZ.  XYZ is paying $360,000, so its value drops to $440,000.  But it is gaining ABC, which is worth $320,000.  Net value now is $760,000 or $15.20 per share.   This has assumed that the shares transferred from XYZ to the shareholders of ABC were already included in the market value.  This may mean that the stock price was previously $20 or so with almost 40,000 shares in circulation.  Then they issued new shares, diluting the value down to $16.  We could start at 50,000 shares at $16 and end up with 60,000 to 60,050 shares at $13.332 to $13.333 per share.  Then XYZ is really only paying $326,658.31 for ABC.  That's a premium of only $6,658.31 for ABC and gives a final stock value of $13.222 per share.   The problem though is that in reality, there is no equivalent of perfect value.  So I say again that the market value might be $15.20 (the theoretic answer that best fits the question given the example quantities of shares), $13, $20, or something else.  It will depend on how the market perceives the deal.  Is the combined company worth more or less than the sum of its parts?   And beyond this, you will have $19.20 to $20 in cash in addition to your XYZ share (or 1.05 shares).  Assuming 1.05 shares, that would be $15.96 plus the $19.20--that's $35.16 total in theory or anything from $19.20 up in practice.  With the givens, the only thing of which you can be sure is the $19.20 cash.  The value of the stock is up in the air.   If XYZ is only privately traded, this is still true.  The stock is worth the price that someone will pay for it.  The ""someone"" is just more limited with privately traded stocks."
A Mortgage Backed Security or MBS is the security.  It's not an entity, it's essentially a contract.  As an investment they function more or less the same way a bond does. There is nothing wrong with the concept behind a Mortgage Backed Security.  Functionally securities like these allows banks and other institutions to lend to high-risk borrowers.  You package small slices of a wide range of risk from a large number of mortgages and the investor sill receive something similar to the average of the rates being charged.  Essentially from a big pool of mortgages of varying risk you will create a different big pool of bonds that can be sold to investors based on some sort of expected return.  For a frame of reference on a much smaller scale look at peer to peer lending sites like LendingClub and Prosper.  The idea is lots of people of varying risk profiles make requests for loans of varying amounts.  You bring your $2,500 and invest $25 in to 100 different loans.  This way even if a few default you will still eek out a profit.  It also allows you to include riskier borrowers without materially impacting your expected return.
If you are too overwhelmed by all the work, don’t worry, you can always call a close friend or family to save you from the situation and get you some help. And if you don’t want that, then there are cleaning services that can help by lending you a hand.
"Because the USA is the world's biggest economy - everybody in the world works with the USA (even if the american companies are not direct suppliers, they are surely somewhere in the supply chain). If USA credit rating is lower, that means american companies will find it harder to get loans to finance their business (i.e. the price of capital will be higher), and this will consequently lead to higher prices for partners of american companies, etc. This will certainly lead to slowdown of global economy. Plus, the lower credit rating also means that the USA govt. is less likely to pay off the debts (Chinese already stated they will diversify their bonds portfolio -i.e. they will start selling out american govt. bonds). This will lead to cuts in public sector in USA, less spending by the consumers, also probably less import from abroad and less travel which will affect - you get it - the ""RoW"". It's not by chance we have a saying in Europe, when USA sneezes, the rest of the world catches a flu!"
At its best, a HOA provides the same benefits as a condo association -- shared investment in the shared neighborhood resources/environment.  At its worst, a HOA has the same problems as a condo association, potentially creating unreasonable constraints on what you can or can't do with your own property because your decisions might affect the value of someone else's property or demanding shared investment in something you don't consider worthwhile. Basically, if an HOA is active in your neighborhood, (A) make sure you know its history and biases before you buy, and (B) make sure you're active in it, or you may be unpleasantly surprised by its decisions.
"&gt; ...if he lowers the prices of drugs, you will be against him.  You are right.  Now, if he makes progress on a good chunk of [the categories of issues I listed](https://www.reddit.com/r/economy/comments/6sb4qh/for_the_last_time_trump_hasnt_made_the_economy/dlm47rx/), my tune would change.  &gt; Even after what Trump just said, ""time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!""...you still think that Trump does not want lower drug prices.  Of course President Trump wants lower drug prices.  He just wants someone else to make it happen and he is unwilling to sacrifice corporate profits to do it."
But Made in China has hastened the decline of U.S. manufacturing. Factory jobs have shrunk in number by 25 percent the past decade to 11.5 million today,   Incorrect. Manufacturing shrinks on it's own thanks to engineering advancements. [Also, China's impact on our economy is greatly exaggerated](http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2011/10/25/3-misconceptions-that-need-to-die.aspx)
I don't really understand the paper. To me, the top 1% do not make their income from salary, but rather from equity or various other asset-based income.   Mixing both in the paper to assume that if you don't make $100k/y on salary by 25 you're a loser (sorry, part of the 99%) is dishonest.
"Two things you should consider about paying off student loans ahead of the 10 year amortization schedule: What interest rate are you paying on your loans? What are you earning on your investments in a balanced mutual fund? When you pay off your student loans you are essentially guaranteed a return of the interest rate on your loan (future interest you would have had to pay). However if you are investing well and getting a good return on your investments you will get a greater return. Ex. Half of my student loans are at 6.8%, thr other half are at 2.5%. I make the minimum payments on the loans at 2.5% and invest my money in tax sheltered retirement accounts. The return on these funds has been 8% and that is on per-tax dollars so really closer to 11%. Now there is also downside risk when you invest in the market, but 2.5% guaranteed I will forgoe for 11% in low risk return. However my loans at 6.8% I repay in excess of the minimums because 6.8% guaranteed return is pretty good! So this decision is based on your confidence in your investments and your own risk tolerance. Once you pay your bank on your student loans that money is gone, out of your control. If you need it in the future you may need to pay higher interest on an unsecured loan, or you may not be able to borrow it. When you want to make large purchases (a car, house) that money you per-paid on your loans isn't available to you as a down payment. Banks should want you to have some of your own ""skin in the game"" on these purchases and the lending standards keep getting tougher. You are better off if you have money saved in your name rather than against the balance on your loan. Yes you can't bankrupt these loans, but the money you repay on them doesn't go toward housing you or paying your bills on a rainy day. I went through the same feeling when I completed my MBA with $50k in debt, you want to pay it off as soon as possible. But you need to step away and realize that it was an investment in your future and your future is long, you need time to make a financial foundation for it. And you will feel a lot more empowered when you have money saved and you can make the decision for how you want to deploy it to work for you. (Ex. I could pay down my student loans with the balance I have in the bank, but I am going to use it to invest in myself and open my own business)."
I wondered about this problem too, so I looked into the maths and made this app :- http://demonstrations.wolfram.com/BuyOrRentInvestmentReturnCalculator/ (It uses the free Wolfram computable-document format (CDF) Player.) If you try it out you can see what conditions favour renting vs buying.  My own conclusion was to aim to buy a property outright upon reaching retirement age, if not sooner. Example This example compares buying a £400,000 house with renting for £1,000 a month while depositing equivalent amounts (in savings) to total the same monthly outgoings as the buyer.  Mortgage rate, deposit rate, property appreciation and rent inflation can be variously specified.  The example mortgage term is 20 years.  As you can see the buyer and renter come out about even after the mortgage term, but the buyer comes off better after that, (having no more mortgage to pay).  Of course, the rent to live in a £400,000 house would probably be more than £1,000 but this case shows an equivalence point.
To be honest, if the world goes tits up, then bitcoin would be my first safe haven. No hassle getting it out the country, no heavy industry of war to maintain, no chance of governmental instability affecting my holdings.  Imagine being a Syrian right now. Would you not have been off far better if your life's savings were in bitcoin, and you didn't need to worry about your money when you wanted to seek refuge in Europe? Imagine being Ukranian, living in the Crimea and *not* being a Russian. That military support behind the Euro means absolutely nothing to you then.  bitcoin is enforced by the people using it. We all have skin in the game, and we all want to safeguard your holdings. Therefor, it is in our best interest to keep the protocol running. It is this very aspect of cryptocurrency that liberates us from third parties having to 'enforce' the value of the currency.
There are a couple reasons for having a Traditional or Roth IRA in addition to a 401(k) program in general, starting with the Traditional IRA: With regards to the Roth IRA: Also, both the Traditional and Roth IRA allow you to make a $10,000 withdraw as a first time home buyer for the purposes of buying a home. This is much more difficult with the 401(k) and generally you end up having to take a loan against the 401(k) instead. So even if you can't take advantage of the tax deductions from contributions to a Traditional IRA, there are still good reasons to have one around. Unless you plan on staying with the same company for your entire career (and even if you do, they may have other plans) the Traditional IRA tends to be a much better place to park the funds from the 401(k) than just rolling them over to a new employer.  Also, don't forget that just because you can't take deductions for the income doesn't mean that you might not need the income that savings now will bring you in retirement. If you use a retirement savings calculator is it saying that you need to be saving more than your current monthly 401(k) contributions? Then odds are pretty good that you also need to be adding additional savings and an IRA is a good location to put those assets because of the other benefits that they confer. Also, some people don't have the fiscal discipline to not use the money when it isn't hard to get to (i.e. regular savings or investment account) and as such it also helps to ensure you aren't going to go and spend the money unless you really need it.
"Is this sarcasm?   But remove the word ""all"" and ""only"" and there's some truth to your statement.   Also worth noting - I heard on the a16z podcast that when Henry Ford introduced the assembly line, he doubled the wages of his workers. This is often attributed to him being a super nice guy, or something like that, but apparently he was responding to very high attrition rates. His workers were less happy being slotted into specific tasks so he had to pay them more. Anyway, I think it should be acknowledged that technological advances can increase both financial and psychological inequality."
It is much more complicated than WW3 = Economic stimulus! If you check again, right after WW2 the U.S. fell back into a recession.  The U.S. come out ahead for the reasons of Europe being in shambles, Roosevelt ensuring the US dollar would become world reserve currency. The world saw a massive gain in productivity because so much infrastructure *NEEDED* to be built new and rebuilt from destroyed old, factories had been geared up to produce maximum amount of goods from the way, and with a huge chunk of working age population lost left many positions open for work.  Of course my two paragraph overview can't ever do justice to the ramifications to the world economy.
Inspect the vehicle – This is critical to avoid a potential future headaches. A thorough inspection of each and every part of the RV, as well as the vehicle’s roadworthiness, is extremely vital. Components like propane, electrical, tires, and driving systems should all be in tip-top condition.
"It's not ""the market"" deciding anything if you're forcing a business to pay someone an arbitrary amount that you declare to be a ""living wage"".  Why do you believe that you get to interfere in a mutual agreement between two people? One guy goes to another and says ""hey wanna do this job for me for X dollars"" and the other guy says ""ok cool sounds good"" and here you are jumping in and saying ""nope, can't allow that, I have to stop you"""
381agroup offers you quality, precision and ease of use. Look for what you're looking for, whether it's an arm or wrist meter, we have what you need. From 381agroup we encourage people to lead a healthy life. That's why we create devices that provide vital information about what really goes on inside the body. Our goal is to offer a wide range of Medical equipment that fit any health condition and serve both professionals and people for use in the home. 381agroup has a variety of blood pressure monitors so you can measure your blood pressure daily, and in just seconds and in the comfort of your home.
&gt; This is without a doubt the craziest and most despicable moment in American History.  Whoa there, calm down.   Not to diminish the reality of what's happening here but this is essentially an argument over paperwork and a little bit of money. A couple hundred years ago my great great great (x?) grandparents were abducted and dragged across the ocean at a poor survival rate to work for free and were summarily brutalized as property and forcibly impregnated, raped, and 'bred' like livestock.  If you're giving me a choice between 'President too close to his business' and 'kidnap and displace a million people to use them for labour and breeding stock', I'm not sure how that's even a choice.
&gt; This isn't terrible practice. If it was, it wouldn't have been adopted by other firms.  Correction: this isn't a terrible practice for the CEO and the members of the board.  &gt; ...there isn't really much secrecy about what happens in the CEO office.  Have you worked in a mid to large sized company close to the CEO?  Almost all business dealings is kept private.  &gt; They have to make important decisions based on reports from many areas and many managers.  As does every other manager and vice-president.  &gt; The ability to make the right ones isn't an easy task.  Question for you /u/Almost_Feeding: what percentage of a mid-to-large company's success do you think is due to the CEO and his/her decisions?
This is assuming your student loans are Federal Stafford Loans Don't pay off your student loans as soon as possible. They're very low interest and paying them monthly will help your credit. What you will want to do is as soon as the grace period expires, call up whoever is handling your account and ask them to reduce the monthly since you're not making much. Then just pay the minimum amount, pay your living expenses, bank some of it, and if you have a month where you came out ahead consider putting the difference towards the student loan. Can also drop any tax return you get into the student loan debt. The whole pay off your student loans fast is important. When you have the extra put it towards it, but the extra. Its also much, much more important if you made the mistake of taking out Private Loans or have 50k, 80k, 120k in student loan debt. Since you only have a ~14k I'm going with it being a Stafford Loan. Reduce the monthly, pay on time, live within/below your means... and you'll be just fine.
Their argument is that if prices start dropping, people won't buy stuff because they think the prices will keep going down? Aside from the fact that if prices go down, the cost to produce things also goes down, this is patently untrue. Look at gas. When prices are down, do people drive less because they think prices will keep going down?
Realistically, it is CDs with longer terms or are callable.  You pretty much have to accept more risk if you want higher returns. If you are willing to accept that risk by losing the FDIC protections the next level up is probably high rated Government bonds.
Does that justify the purpose? That is for individual Banks to decide. No bank would pay for daily expenditure if you are saying primary salary you are spending on eduction. So your declaration is right. You are looking at funding your eduction via loan and you are earning enough for living and paying of the loan. I noticed that a lot of lenders do not lend to applicants whose purpose is to finance the tuition for post-secondary education This could be because the lenders have seen larger percentage defaults when people opt for such loans. It could be due to mix of factors like the the drag this would cause to an individual who may not benefit enough in terms of higher salary to repay the loan, or moves out of country getting a better job. If it is education loan, have you looked at getting scholarships or student loans.
"For an RRSP, you do not have to pay taxes on money or investments until you withdraw the money. If you do not reinvest the dividends but instead, take them out as cash, that would be withdrawing the money. For mutual funds, you would normally reinvest the dividends if holding the investment inside an RRSP. For stocks, I believe the dividends would end up sitting in the cash part of your RRSP account (and you'd probably use the money to buy more stocks, though would not be required to do so). Either way, you do not pay tax on this investment income unless you withdraw it from your RRSP. For example, you invest $10,000 inside your RRSP. You get the tax benefit from doing so. You get dividends of $1,000 (hey, it was a good year), and use these to buy more stock. As the money never left your RRSP account, you are considered to have invested only your initial $10,000. If instead, you withdraw the $1,000 in dividends, you are taxed on $1000 income. TFSA are slightly more complicated. You don't get a tax benefit from your initial contribution, but then do not pay tax when you withdraw from the TFSA. Your investment income is still tax-free, and you are (generally) much more limited in how much you can contribute. For example, you invest $10,000 inside your TFSA. You get dividends of $1,000, and use these to buy more stock. Your total contributions to your TFSA remains at $10,000 as the money never left your account. You could instead withdraw the $1000 from your TFSA and would not pay tax on it. In the next calendar year (or later) after the withdrawal, you could ""repay"" the $1000 you took out without suffering an overcontribution penalty. This makes TFSA an excellent place to park emergency funds, as you can withdraw and subsequently replace the investment while continuing to get the tax benefits on your investment income. RRSPs are better for retirement or for the home buyers plan. In general, you should not be withdrawing money from either your TFSA or RRSP, except in emergencies, when retiring, or when purchasing a home. I prefer indexed mutual funds or money market accounts for both my RRSP and TFSA rather than individual stocks, but that's up to you."
Get a wide range of services for cylinder heads by reaching out to a competent company. From reconditioned cylinder heads to crack testing, chemical cleaning, grinding, manifold repairs, injector tube fitting, wet blasting and valve guide repairs you will get all these services at such companies.
"I think a mention of the age-old adage ""correlation does not mean causation"" is in order here.   Keep in mind another possible explanation is when the issue is brought to light people are suddenly given a reason to call in, instead of shrugging it off as a temporary issue."
You have 2 out of 3 (income and good credit). That is usually a pass where I work. The job longevity may factor in if they are strict.   As for pay stubs, can you get a letter from your employer stating your start date and annual pay? Offer letters work just as well.
"A pyramid scheme is a form of fraud.  If someone came up to you and said:  ""If you give me $100 then get two of your friends to give you $100 each, you'll make $100."" it would not be fraudulent but it also wouldn't be very successful.  If that same person said ""I have a great investment that will return 100% but I need you to help by getting your friends to chip in."" they might be more successful but, given there's no actual investment, they would be lying.   Multi-level marketing is notionally selling products through a pyramid-type arrangement.  It is not hard to see that 1) if the product is good, this is typically a silly way to do business and 2) one could use such an arrangement as a thinly disguised ponzi scheme.  Hence, MLMs, while usually legal (unless the ""product"" is clearly misrepresented), are often a vehicle for bad actors to part fools from their money."
I'd pay cash.  Car loans are amortized, so sometimes you can get upside-down on the loan between 18-30 months because you are pre-paying interest. This can get you into trouble if you get into an accident. Given the low rate and the type of car you're buying, you're probably fine either way.
And no thanks to Trump.  That's 2016 Census data.  &gt; This doesn’t mean poverty is anywhere near disappearing in America: There were still 40.6 million people in poverty last year, and the poverty rate was 12.7 percent, down from 13.5 percent in 2015.
Are you looking for a company that can help you get more website visitors? If yes, then get in touch with White Digital (NE) Ltd! This company offers search engine optimisation services that can help business websites attract potential customers. Such services include keyword and competitor research, full website SEO health check, Google set-up and directory citations, and so much more! Visit White Digital (NE) Ltd’s website, https://white.digital, for more information on web design and development services.
The banks use any loss as a tax right off which helps when you make billions..  So yeah a couple of grand is like me dropping a penny. Even if 1 million people did this and the average is 10k that's still less than 1% of the banking industries total revenue in a year. Hell bank of America alone is 100 billion a year and it could take a 10% all at once hit and still be fine.  And a car is easily resold and has less protection than a house.
Manufacturer of Quartz Powder in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-quartz-powder-in-india.php  Shri Vinayak Industries-Our Quartz Powder mineral can be transparent as well as translucent. There are several varieties of quartz like Rose quartz, Smoky quartz, semiprecious quartz and many more. Most of the quartz is semiprecious stone. Quartz crystals exist in two forms; the normal crystal is called α-quartz and the high-temperature quartz is called β-quartz. Quartz appears in white, gray, purple, yellow, brown, black, pink, green, and red.
If you want direct access trading that is very hard to get. However an active trading broker like interactive brokers, Trade station, or Light speed trading may be what you are looking for. If you have serious cash though value or income investing is better than trading which is pure speculation. I know that active trading can be exciting but it's also basically gambling when compared to research based long term investment. You can't fight the market makers, the guys on the dealer desks have way too many advantages over you. Just give this all some thought and see what you want to do.
There is no right way but changing your methodology to suit your situation is   a problem. They were happy to use a 4 years period during the crazy times to lower the VAR and then switch to 1 year afterwards to do the same. It is picking and choosing your measures to suit the situation and that is statistical heresy. While there may not be a right way to measure VAR choosing the measure that is suits your situation is bad methodology.    And of course there is such a thing as bad statistical methodology, you see it everyday.   I also pointed out above that it vairies from bank to bank what confidence interval you use.
The Central Valley of California is a mountain range away from the ocean, although you can drive over the range in a few hours or so, depending on which part of the Central Valley you live in. Watch the *Sons of Anarchy* TV series to get a general idea of the kind of people who live there who *aren't* religious, then extrapolate from that what the religious folks there would be like.  It's a real nutfuck zone.
It's a game.  The Democrats take money from these companies and leave the loopholes in and then scream to high heaven about the evil corporations to energize liberal campaign outreach.  Its nothing but a scam.    And dont even get me started on the corpratist Republicans who are even worse.
It doesn't rely in the first item. A legal tender law certainly makes it easier for the banker to find goods with his dollars, but you can have the exact same scenario I described above in a competing currency system.  Typically the Cantillion Effect has bankers disadvantaged because they get their interest payment after the inflation effects prices. It is the primary loan receiver who gets the best value.
Which contractors? I'm only familiar with the yellow badges that office security and cleaning has. I'm not sure what we give to e.g. FC equipment vendors.  I suspect you're familiar with one of the many caveats I left out, though.
&gt;I'm not sure I would want to listen to what Ballmer has to teach.  I would. I'd go to class every day. Take perfect notes. Study my ass off.  Guy knows how to fuck things up like a pro, just gotta listen to him and then do the opposite.
A bond fund like VBMFX or similar I think are a good choice. Bonds are far less volatile and less risky than stocks. With your 1-2 year time frame, I say definitely stay away from stocks.
Hi all  Started my MBA studies recently. We have a simulation project and I've taken the VP Finance Role as I didn't have much experience in this and wanted to learn more. Unfortunately I don't have accounting until next semester, so I'm trying to make up the cap with my career experience so far as an engineer + youtube tutorials.   I built a discounted cashflow model. I'm trying to now determine the amount of loan to take in my first year of business. Basically the equity financing doesn't cover our first year capital expenditure, let alone any other costs.  My question is how do I determine what an appropriate loan amount is to take. My first thoughts are enough to cover my capital expenses + 1st half of the year operating expenses before I start seeing a revenue.   Right now my balance sheet would lead me to believe I have a 0.52 Debt Ratio and 1.23 Debt-to-Equity ratio. Is that ok?
when you consider the cost of living and the restrictions on working it is nearly the same. I'm able to work part time in the US and go to a state school so my total debt is only around 40k. The biggest problem is that for the degree plans i looked at in public administration and education are not recognized. Of course, I will gladly read any sources you are willing to share that report otherwise.
"&gt; My question then is why do you espouse such simplistic nonsense when you understand that the situation is much more complex? Is it because it is easier and more psychologically comfortable to ignore these injustices than to admit that your model does not have an effective way of dealing with them?  I reject your assessment so it's impossible to answer your questions that assume it.  The position that ""Jim selling to John has nothing to do with Bob"" and the position that ""a power plant pollutes collective air possibly entitling compensation"" are independent and have no conflict.  Simply because there are cases of market failures, I do not therefore conclude that the market system is itself a failure.  Baby with the bathwater, etc.  It's not because this way of thinking is easier but because it is most accurate.  I honestly don't know what you mean by   &gt; than to admit that your model does not have an effective way of dealing with them?  so I don't know how to respond.  I stated in what I thought was plain language that my model has no effective means of dealing with them, only I insist that we must caveat that assessment with the admission that neither does a non-market model.  What you were supposed to take away was the realization that there are few market failures that could not more simply be described as systematic failures generally.  That is, a collectivist system is inherently illogical (if you want to argue this point, the discussion is over - I have no time for true socialists), yet we share a planet's resources and must decide how to best use them.  The free market's conclusion is that people will learn if their air is being abused by a power plant and they will take action to mend it.  This to a large extent has been proven in the transition from an early industrialized society to modern industry."
Yes, wait.  While the bank promises to process the deposit quickly, there is still a window of a number of days. Many people have found themselves with high overdraft fees when the withdraws came before the deposits.
There's no tax difference between using AirBnB or Craigslist or any other method to find tenants. The rules relating to occupancy and frequency may be different for some purposes if you go from yearly or monthly tenants to daily-rate tenants.  Your state and local authorities may in the future try to consider you a motel or Bed n Breakfast equivalent, and subject you to various regulations and business taxes.  But the method of finding customers itself is probably not meaningful for tax purposes.
Actually, I misspoke.  Arcade City doesn't use crypto.  It just connects riders and drivers and lets them work out the payment on their own.  There is an offshoot of Arcade City called Swarm City that does use crypto but it's only in the early development stages.  There is a ton happening in the cryptocurrency space right now.  Lots of really complex applications and development platforms - it's no longer just about funds transfer.  If you are interested, here's a list of 1100 active projects: https://coinmarketcap.com/  On each project's detail page you'll find a link to its web site for further info.
Generally the number of shares of a U.S. exchange-listed stock which have been shorted are tracked by the exchange and reported monthly.  This number is usually known as the open short interest.  You may also see a short interest ratio, which is the short interest divided by the average daily volume for the stock. The short interest is available on some general stock data sites, such as Yahoo Finance (under Key Statistics) and dailyfinance.com (also on a Key Statistics subpage for the stock).
"If that's the case, why not *lower* the minimum wage? That would instantly make US companies more profitable and make US a great target for foreign investment. Both labor costs are cut down, and as you say, rent and everything will immediately drop. Companies free up a lot of capital for expansion and we can quickly gain 100% employment, as anyone can have a job at say, $1/hour.   A lot of interesting innovation would have to happen to sell food affordable for a $1/hour work. I'm thinking artificially flavored cardboard burgers. Organic and eco friendly: imagine, the packaging IS the meal.  I call this the ""trickle up"" theory, or ""economic regurgitation""."
Also, when they mean SP500 fund - it means that fund which invests in the top 500 companies in the SP Index, is my understanding correct? Yes that is right. In reality they may not be able to invest in all 500 companies in same proportion, but is reflective of the composition. I wanted to know whether India also has a company similar to Vanguard which offers low cost index funds. Almost all mutual fund companies offer a NIFTY index fund, both as mutual fund as well as ETF. You can search for index fund and see the total assets to find out which is bigger compared to others.
I'm looking for something simple, legal, reasonably formal, easy to setup and tax efficient. You just described marriage. Get married.
Is it an unattractive offer many buyers would shy away from? Buyer who have specific plan may skip getting into such deals as this would be an hindrance to resell the business. Others who are not sure, may buy it for to make money in future. Does it seem like a justifiably fair way to sell a domain, while keeping a stake in it? This is preview of individual opinion. There is nothing fair or unfair in such deals. Is this even done, or has this ever been done before? Possibly. I don't know. Other Aspects: Although this may appear as a good way to cash in on upside, it is not always easy. If magic goes to court and establishes that you were a squatter just to make windfall without any plan, the contract becomes void. If the other party some how manages to make say 1 billion from this site, they would have enough lawyers and accountants to structure the business. So they way it would quickly get restructured is ABC Inc will buy Magic from you with the contract. ABC will give this on lease to XYZ for a consideration of $100 per year as usage. XYZ will make 1 billion. So your share is limited only on $100 royalty paid to ABC.
"I'd question whether a guaranteed savings instrument underperforming the stock market really is a risk, or not?  Rather, you reap what you sow. There's a trade-off, and one makes a choice.  If one chooses to invest in a highly conservative, low-risk asset class, then one should expect lower returns from it.  That doesn't necessarily mean the return will be lower — stock markets could tank and a CD could look brilliant in hindsight — but one should expect lower returns.  This is what we learn from the risk-return spectrum and Modern Portfolio Theory. You've mentioned and discounted inflation risk already, and that would've been one I'd mention with respect to guaranteed savings. Yet, one still accepts inflation risk in choosing the 3% CD, because inflation isn't known in advance.  If inflation happened to be 2% after the fact, that just means the risk didn't materialize.  But, inflation could have been, say, 4%. Nevertheless, I'll try and describe the phenomenon of significantly underperforming a portfolio with more higher-risk assets.  I'd suggest one of: Perhaps we can sum those up as: the risk of ""investing illiteracy""? Alternatively, if one were actually fully aware of the risk-reward spectrum and MPT and still chose an excessive amount of low-risk investments (such that one wouldn't be able to attain reasonable investing goals), then I'd probably file the risk under psychological risk, e.g. overly cautious / excessive risk aversion. Yet, the term ""psychological risk"", with respect to investing, encompasses other situations as well (e.g. chasing high returns.) FWIW, the risk of underperformance also came to mind, but I think that's mostly used to describe the risk of choosing, say, an actively-managed fund (or individual stocks) over a passive benchmark index investment more likely to match market returns."
Entitlement mentality. Agriculture payment is (generally) structured so that the harder you work, the more potential you have to make. It's generally a minimum wage job with a piece rate stacked on top of it.   You make minimum wage, but if you harvest like a boss, you'll have the potential to make upwards of $20 an hour.   Please research before you make assumptions
AusShred is a proud Australian owned and operated shredding company providing secure document destruction, security bins and paper shredding services. We have years of hands on experience in the industry, visit us now if you are looking for secure document destruction in Brisbane.
Foreclosure is at a high level the bank declaring that the debtor cannot pay their promissory note (their debt).  This is shortly followed by default, which is the removal of debtors rights to the property.  After the debtor has defaulted, he either chooses to voluntarily remove himself and his belongings from the property, or is forcibly evicted.  In the US eviction is carried out by local law enforcement, such as the sheriff's office.   The bank is now the sole owner of the property, and proceeds to sell it, in an attempt to recoup their investment.  If the bank cannot recoup their investment by selling the house, the rest may be converted to unsecured debt against the debtor.  If the bank chooses to forgive the remaining debt, the debtor may have a tax liability for cancellation of debt.  Also the debtor may also be liable for any appreciation the house did before it was sold, but this likely to be nontaxable if the house in question is the debtor's primary residence.  They also send the credit bureaus the notice of foreclosure, which is how your credit score is hurt. Private Mortgage Insurance or Lenders Mortgage Insurance will pay the lender some amount back to cover their losses. See Also:
I disagree that it's double taxation because it's too different entities with different responsibilities and requirements from citizens. Even if you insist it's double taxation, the alternatives, such as the federal government relying on state governments for revenue or states manipulating taxes to coerce federal government, are much worse outcomes.
Below are some of the differences between FedWire credit transfers and ACH credit transfers in the US. FedWire Same day clearing, which means the sender's account is debited and your account is credited on the same day Irrevocable.  Once a FedWire is sent, the originator/sender cannot send a reversing transaction.  This is a huge advantage of using FedWires because it mitigates risk of reversals. Cost.  FedWire typically cost more to send and to receive ACH Credit (aka Direct Deposit) Allows for Reversals.  Sender/originator does have the ability to perform reversals or correcting entries. Batch Processing  ACH entries are group together into batches and processed by Financial Institutions and the ACH Operators in batch mode. You can find additional information regarding ACH at http://www.achrulesonline.org/ and FedWire at http://www.frbservices.org/serviceofferings/fedwire/fedwire_funds_service.html
I also use pidgin.  AIM should have had ads come in as instant messages, as one example.  Charging for premium services such as cloud logs is another.  I want to buy it but I dont have the team or the amount of money they would probably want.  They clearly think its less expensive to shut it down than to sell it.
Also, people who come for golf aren't going to want to go native. They can build a self-contained resort on the cheap and locals will work in support jobs just like when resorts are built in shithole countries.
"I don't see how I'm biased in favor of the banks. Make no mistake, the banks are to blame for the collapse, more so than the government.  However I'm acknowledging the timeline and all the major players in this game, and that includes the government.  I addressed the role of banks selling risky mortgages susceptible to default, which includes predatory lending rates, highly leveraged individuals who buy investment properties, and subprime ARM loans.  Thank you for providing more detail.  I also addressed the securitization of risky mortgages into investment-grade debt, which could be sold to satisfy the ""Giant Pool of Money"".  Plus, I addressed how the banks lowered their standards to continue the supply of mortgages.  Feel free to directly cite [Paul Krugman](http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/01/07/cre-ative-destruction/) as the source of your argument regarding the simultaneous growth of the residential and commercial RE.   Commercial RE was pulled along by  residential RE and the broader market rally (commercial land is highly cyclical).  Commercial RE prices rose as the market showed lower interest rates and higher land prices.  So commercial RE slightly lagged the housing market."
&gt; If your studies are, say, 150K  Why?  You could spend that much but you could spend a lot less. [Room and board plus tuition and fees averages 21.5K / year at a state university](http://youngadults.about.com/od/finances/qt/publicschcosts.htm)  So 90K would be a much better estimate.   &gt; and you forego another 60K/y during 4 years of university,  Why that number?  [Median annual earnings for someone with a high school diploma was 25K.](http://money.cnn.com/2011/10/26/pf/college/college_tuition_cost/index.htm)  Your estimate is almost 2 1/2 times the median.  Also, many college students work while going to college, reducing that differential further.  But even if we take your numbers, they add up to a differential of 390K  (150 + 4 * 60), although 185 (85 + 4 * 25) would be closer to the median.  &gt; you will need to make roughly 39K more per year until you retire than you otherwise would have,   39K * 40+ years is roughly 390K?  I don't know where the 39K per year comes from.
There are many options to send money internationally. You can send it through PayPal (assuming that both you and your friend have a PayPal account). You can also send it through money services such as Western Union (assuming you can both get to a WU location). Or, you can use popular apps such as Venmo for sending money.
That is a decision you need to make, but some of the pros and cons you could consider to help your decision making include: Pros: If bought at the right time in the property cycle and in a good growth area, it can help you grow your net worth much quicker than having money in the bank earning near zero interest. You would be replacing rent payments with mortgage payments and if your mortage payments are less than your current rent you will have additional money to pay for any expenses on the property and have a similar cashflow as you do now. You will be able to deduct your interest payments on the mortgage against your income if you are in the USA, thus reducing the tax you pay. You will have the security of your own house and not have to worry about moving if the landlord wants you out after your lease expires. Cons: If bought in a bad area and at the top of the property cycle you may never make any capital gains on the property and in fact may lose money on it long term. If the mortgage payments are more than your current rent you may be paying more especially at the start of your mortgage. If you buy a house you are generally stuck in one spot, it will be harder to move to different areas or states as it can cost a lot of money and time to sell and buy elsewhere, if renting you can generally just give notice and find a new place to rent. Property maintenance costs and taxes could be a drain on your finances, especially if the mortgage repayments are more than your current rent. If your mortgage payments and property expenses are way more than your current rent, it may reduce what you could be investing in other areas to help increase your net worth.
If you can afford to put $1,333 towards saving for a new car each month, then there is nothing wrong with your logic You should be aware that your car will probably cost around $110,000 in 6.5 years, but other than that the logic is fine. However...
"As anecdotal experience, we have a credit account in my name as offered by bank's marketing before I could qualify by common rules for newcomers (I have an account there for years so they knew my history and reliability dynamics I guess), and my wife is subscribed as a secondary user to the same credit account with a separate card. So we share the same limits (e.g. max month usage/overdraft) and benefits (bank's discounts and bonuses when usage passes certain thresholds - and it's easier to gain these points together than alone) so in the end maintenance of the card costs zero or close to that on most months, while the card is in a program to get discounts from hundreds of shops and even offers a free or discounted airport lounge access in some places :) But the bonus program is just that - benefits come and go as global economics changes; e.g. we had free car assistance available for a couple of years but it is gone since last tariff update. Generally it is beneficial for us to do all transactions including rent etc. via these two credit cards to the same account, and then recharge its overdraft as salaries come in - we have an ""up to 50 days"" cooloff period (till 20th of next calendar month) with no penalties on having taken the loans - but if we ever did overstretch that, then tens of yearly percents would kick in. Using the card(s) for daily ops, there is a play on building up the credit history as well: while we don't really need the loans to get from month to month, it helps build an image in the face of credit organizations, which can help secure e.g. favorable mortgage rates (and other contract conditions) which are out of pocket money range :) I'd say it is not only a ""we against the system"" sort of game though, as it sort of trains our own financial discipline - every month we have (a chance) to go over our spendings to see what we did, and so we more regularly think about it in the end - so the bank probably benefits from dealing with more-educated less-random customers when it comes to the bigger loans. Regarding internet, we tend to trust more to a debit card which we populate with pocket money sufficient for upcoming or already placed (blocked) transactions. After all, a malicious shop can not sip off thousands of credit money - but only as much as you've pre-allocated there on debit."
"In general, I agree with Alex' ""don't do it."" If I dig deep for any reasons to transfer from a Roth into a Roth 401(k) there might be 2:"
Depending on jurisdiction, the fact that you made some payments might give you an ownership share in the house in your own right. What share would be a complex question because you might need to consider both the mortgage payments made and maintenance. Your sister might also be able to argue that she was entitled to some recompense for the risk she describes of co-signing, and that's something that would be very hard to quantify, but clearly you would also be entitled to similar recompense in respect of that, as you also co-signed. For the share your mother owned, the normal rules of inheritance apply and by default that would be a 50-50 split as JoeTaxpayer said. You imply that the loan is still outstanding, so all of this only applies to the equity previously built up in the house prior to your mother's death. If you are the only one making the ongoing payments, I would expect any further equity built up to belong solely to you, but again the jurisdiction and the fact that your sister's name is on the deeds could affect this. If you can't resolve this amicably, you might need to get a court involved and it's possible that the cost of doing so would outweigh the eventual benefit to you.
"&gt;Paul calls it unanimous. The government site does not. What does a unanimous voice vote even mean? [1] Here is the govt site where the votes are viewable. Note at the bottom that the postal bills have the statement ""Outcome: Favorably reported to the House of Representatives by unanimous consent"". Note that bill 459 does not state that. Watch the video and you'll see that Ron Paul has a little bit of trouble with reality.    That site reports unanimous consent because it's an entirely different procedure from a voice vote.  You should read Roberts Rules of Order so you don't look so stupid.  Keep trying though... because we know your hatred of Ron Paul won't stop you from spewing lies.  For the rest of you...  if you want to see how much trouble crotchpoozie has with reality then [go to the link that he provided](http://oversight.house.gov/markup/full-committee-business-meeting-30/) and watch the video at 0:35:41 when the actual vote takes place and you'll see that it was indeed an unanimous voice vote."
VaR and Stressed VaR are kind of mandatory market risk measurement techniques for anyone with a banking licence in Europe. This doesn't stop you from doing other stuff as well, but you need to have the basics (Basel 2 accord) and you must backtest to check your model. The big problem is that doesn't really account for what happens during a liquidity squeeze.  Other measures may be used at portfolio level, but it is the basic VaR stuff that is churning away after hours.
Here are a few things I've already done, and others reading this for their own use may want to try.  It is very easy to find a pattern in any set of data. It is difficult to find a pattern that holds true in different data pulled from the same population.  Using similar logic, don't look for a pattern in the data from the entire population. If you do, you won't have anything to test it against. If you don't have anything to test it against, it is difficult to tell the difference between a pattern that has a cause (and will likely continue) and a pattern that comes from random noise (which has no reason to continue). If you lose money in bad years, that's okay. Just make sure that the gains in good years are collectively greater than the losses in bad years. If you put $10 in and lose 50%, you then need a 100% gain just to get back up to $10.  A Black Swan event (popularized by Nassim Taleb, if memory serves) is something that is unpredictable but will almost certainly happen at some point. For example, a significant natural disaster will almost certainly impact the United States (or any other large country) in the next year or two. However, at the moment we have very little idea what that disaster will be or where it will hit.  By the same token, there will be Black Swan events in the financial market. I do not know what they will be or when they will happen, but I do know that they will happen. When building a system, make sure that it can survive those Black Swan events (stay above the death line, for any fellow Jim Collins fans). Recreate your work from scratch. Going through your work again will make you reevaluate your initial assumptions in the context of the final system. If you can recreate it with a different medium (i.e. paper and pen instead of a computer), this will also help you catch mistakes.
Yes the stock market is 'rigged' to some extent but if you are good at game theory then you can predict the direction of bias and therefore take advantage of the 'rigged' nature of the market. Eventually enough people become aware of the bias and then the people who are manipulating the market have to change their strategy. This is just how the market works though its always worked this way it has just become more and more sophisticated.  look at it this way if you control billions of dollars in equities then you have to manipulate the market to give you a favorable price. If you dont manipulate then day traders and speculators will drive up the price of a security before you can even get your money in.  So the big players try to manipulate the market and the small fish try to predict the manipulation. Welcome to the jungle
This conclusion is highly misleading. Although they lead with the 90% figure,  I cannot for the life of me see it substantiated in the data.   According to their own information (which by the way surveyed preferences,  not actual purchases) the actual number is between 55% and 80%. Only by including every item that you saw first in store, tried out at a store, bought at a store, or returned to a store can you get to the 90% figure. They aren't talking purchases at all.  Personally I go out shopping all the time and see something cool - and put it back on the shelf because I know that it is cheaper on Amazon. Somehow this study uses that as proof that retail stores are winning.   He who converts sales wins. Not him who gives free advertising for the other guy.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://erikrood.com/Posts/college_roi_.html) reduced by 84%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The main financial benefit of attending college is the earnings differential received by a college graduate over a high school graduate; Payscale provides 20-year return on investment figures for exactly that.  &gt; Below I&amp;#039;ll compare the ROI of college to the return generated from simply joining the workforce after high school, but investing college tuition costs* into the stock market.  &gt; As shown, on average, forgoing college costs, investing that money in equities, and beginning work would generate significantly higher returns than going to college.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ffhf6/youd_make_more_money_skipping_college_and/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~136971 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **college**^#1 **high**^#2 **return**^#3 **ROI**^#4 **tuition**^#5"
Your mother can give you $14k and your wife $14k (every year) without creating a gift-tax filing requirement, anything in excess of that and she will have to file form 709 with her tax return, but she will not have gift tax liability on her end unless her lifetime gift tax exemption (currently $5.49M) has been exhausted. As the recipients of the gift, you have no tax liability or reporting requirement. So the easiest method would be for her to write you and your wife each checks for $14k. Since it's almost the end of the year, she could give you the extra $2k next year if needed, that smaller amount would not likely need to 'season' for loan approval. Since you mentioned only your mother, I assumed it's just her, but if your mother is married, both her and her spouse could each give you and your wife  $14k without creating a filing requirement, so up to $56k in gifts from one couple to another, or $28k from one party to a couple. It doesn't have to be a spouse, that's just the typical scenario.
Find a good financial advisor that is willing to teach you and not just interested in making a commission on your net worth. Talk to them and talk some more. Go slow and don't make impulsive buying decisions. If you don't understand it then don't buy it. Think long term - how do I turn this 250K into 2.5M? Congrats on the savings!
You have made a good start because you are looking at your options. Because you know that if you do nothing you will have a big tax bill in April 2017, you want to make sure that you avoid the underpayment penalty. One way to avoid it is to make estimated payments. But even if you do that you could still make a mistake and overpay or underpay. I think the easiest way to handle it is to reach the safe harbor. If your withholding from your regular jobs and any estimated taxes you pay in 2016 equal or exceed your total taxes for 2015, then even if you owe a lot in April 2017 you can avoid the underpayment penalty. If you AGI is over 150K you have to make sure your withholding is 110% of your 2015 taxes. Then set aside what you think you will owe in your bank account until you have to pay your taxes in April 2017. You only have to adjust your withholding to make the safe harbor. You can make sure easily enough once your file this years taxes. You only have to make sure that you reach the 100% or 110% threshold. From IRS PUB 17 Who Must Pay Estimated Tax If you owe additional tax for 2015, you may have to pay estimated tax   for 2016. You can use the following general rule as a guide during the year to   see if you will have enough withholding, or if you should increase   your withholding or make estimated tax payments.  General rule.    In   most cases, you must pay estimated tax for 2016 if both of the   following apply. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for 2016, after subtracting your withholding and refundable credits. You expect your withholding plus your refundable credits to be less than the smaller of: a. 90% of the tax to be shown on your 2016 tax return, or b. 100% of the tax shown on your 2015 tax return (but see Special rules for farmers, fishermen, and higher income taxpayers , later).   Your 2015 tax return must cover all 12 months. Reminders Estimated tax safe harbor for higher income taxpayers. If your 2015   adjusted gross income was more than $150,000 ($75,000 if you are   married filing a separate return), you must pay the smaller of 90% of   your expected tax for 2016 or 110% of the tax shown on your 2015   return to avoid an estimated tax penalty.
That's right.  I wouldn't say that she directly caused Yahoo's downfall since that was put into motion long before she started.  However, she did nothing that succeeded in changing Yahoo's trajectory after she took over.  Yahoo could have done essentially nothing and it would have ended roughly the same.  People are just upset that she got compensated quite well without achieving anything of significance.
&gt; see that's what I was thinking, but I'm at a loss as to why this change is necessary if everyone has to discount it anyway due to 'reality' bias  Consumer debt usually takes into consideration score in addition to income instead of thorough analysis of your history report.  Hence being able to apply online and automatically get approved for credit for certain things.  Even then 25 points increase isn't going to supercharge shit.  It's a fairly trivial change that only affects a small population and isn't going to radically alter the landscape.
"In some sense, I agree, but let's look at Apple who in 1997 when Steve came back as CEO and had to beg monies from Microsoft (which he received as a professional courtesy) to stay afloat swore he would never have to do again and literally deemed investors as a ""necessary evil"".   He presided over one of the most profound rainy day funds (which eclipsed the US Government for a few days in its depth) because he never wanted to be in that position again.   He died and Tim Cook initiated splits and buybacks.  I think Cook went too far in one direction and Jobs in the other.  Another stock to consider in a similar light is Starbucks.   But these stocks are performing, I'm an investor, and I'm not going to complain about management decisions when ROI is at are above 20/30ish percent.   Other companies like Thomson Reuters fail to achieve a cohesive diverse presence in multiple markets inexpensively sans their newsdesk operations.   I'm not saying your wrong, it's just a formula of trust and strategy."
"To trade stocks in India, you need a copy of your pan card, address proof(passport or driving license/electricity bill), income tax return (if you are trading futures & options and currencies), and a cancelled cheque from the bank. You will also need to sign across your recent photographs, and require various other forms from a brokerage house which need to be signed in the brokers presence. If your stock broker trusts you, and you have all these documents, then you CAN open a DEMAT account in India by signing and sending him all these documents. Otherwise you CANNOT, as every single form states that ""this particular document was signed in my presence"", and the stock broker needs to sign under that clause.  Chances are, if you live abroad, no broker will ever trust you with any kind of margin, and therefore cannot make profits from you, so they will not agree to open your account."
"Without knowing what the balances are, I associate ""uncomfortable"" with high, as in tens of thousands.   What I would do: is 1) cut up the cards and stop using them, and 2) have some balance transfer offers in hand the next time you call to negotiate with the companies.  Essentially, you will have to convince them that they will have to explain one of two things to their boss: why they lowered your rate or why you left. They can collect less interest from you or no interest from you.  It's up to them.  If they don't offer you something that's in the ballpark of your balance transfer offer, then bid them goodbye and complete the balance transfer. As far as paying them off, the top two modes of repayment are lowest balance first (aka snowball) or high interest rate first.  Both methods are similar in that you pay minimums on all but the method's focus point.  Whether it is lowest balance or highest interest rate, you pay ALL of your extra money on the lowest balance or the highest interest debt until it is gone and then you move onto the next one in the list. For what it's worth, I prefer the lowest balance method, you see progress faster."
Nice try at drumming up drama for your shitty blog article, cnn blogger. I see you managed to quote me out of context and without opportunity to rebuttal. Also, as usual with cnn, you're about a week late.    Yawn.
"The strategy is right. As pointed out by you, will the "" volatility cause the premium on the price of the options to be too high to make this worthwhile"" ... this is subjective and depends on how the markets feels about the volatility and the trend ... ie if the market believes that the stock will go up, the option at 45 would cost quite a bit less. However if the market believes the stock would go down, the option at 45 would be quite high [and may not even be available].   There is no generic right or wrong, the strategy is right [with out without putting dividend into equation] it depends what options are available at what prices."
I am answering this in light of the OP mentioning the desire to buy a house.  A proper mortgage uses debt to income ratios. Typically 28/36 which means 28% of monthly gross can go toward PITI (principal, interest, tax, insurance) and the total debt can go as high as 36% including credit cards and car payment etc. So, if you earn $5000/mo (for easy math) the 8% gap (between 28 and 36) is $400. If you have zero debt, they don't let you use it for the mortgage, it's just ignored. So a low interest long term student loan should not be accelerated if you are planning to buy a house, better put that money to the down payment. But for credit cards, the $400/mo carries $8000 (banks treat it as though the payment is 5% of debt owed). So, I'd attack that debt with a vengeance.  No eating out, no movies, beer, etc. Pay it off as if your life depended on it, and you'll be happier in the long run.
"I did this 20 years ago. I wanted desperately to quit my job, but my wife wouldn't let me -- not because she thought it would fail, but just because she thought it would take longer than I thought. It took us 2 or 3 years to get to roughly half my previous salary as a software engineer. It's been my full time job for 15 years now. It's much better to not have enough time to finish X, Y, or Z on your startup than to have finished it and be waiting for someone to show up and pay. I agree with ""Don't quit your day job until you are very confident your startup can support you and is making money"". Validate your startup idea early. In the words of the Lean Startup movement, ""Fail Early"".  This is absolutely critical. Starting a company requires extreme confidence. Succeeding requires extreme humility and a willingness to face your mistakes (because how else can you improve?). You've clearly got the confidence. Now you need to to be realistic and look at ""What could go wrong?"" and ""How will I know that this is working?"" There are some parts of a startup that require what I call ""Calendar Time"". It's just elapsed time for things like: You tweaked your landing page and you're A/B testing whether that improves things.  And you wait for a week or two. You are waiting for a contractor to finish something on your website's Payment feature.  Read The Lean Startup (and similar books) to get an idea of all the things you'll need to do.  You'll need to:"
You need a HDHomeRunPrime if you want to maybe pick up the premium channels. And even then if the cable company marked the channels the way they usually do, you'll only be able to watch broadcast and basic cable channels, none of the expanded or premium ones on Myth.
This strategy is called trading the 'Golden Cross' if the 50 day SMA moves above the 200 day, or the 'Death Cross' when the 50 day SMA moves below the 200 day SMA. Long-term indicators carry more weight than shorter-term indicators, and this cross, in a positive direction signals a change in momentum of the stock. You will not catch the very bottom using this method, but there is a better chance that you will catch a move near the beginning of a longer-term trend. Golden Cross Information - Zacks
"If you want a ~12% rate of return on your investments.... too bad. For returns which even begin to approach that, you need to be looking at some of the riskiest stuff. Think ""emerging markets"". Even funds like Vanguard Emerging Markets (ETF: VWO, mutual fund, VEIEX) or Fidelity Advisor Emerging Markets Income Trust (FAEMX) seem to have yields which only push 11% or so.  (But inflation is about nil, so if you're used to normal 2% inflation or so, these yields are like 13% or so. And there's no tax on that last 2%! Yay.) Remember that these investments are very risky. They go up lots because they can go down lots too. Don't put any money in there unless you can afford to have it go missing, because sooner or later you're likely to lose something half your money, and it might not come back for a decade (or ever). Investments like these should only be a small part of your overall portfolio. So, that said... Sites which make investing in these risky markets easy? There are a good number, but you should probably just go with vanguard.com. Their funds have low fees which won't erode your returns. (You can actually get lower expense ratios by using their brokerage account to trade the ETF versions of their funds commission-free, though you'll have to worry more about the actual number of shares you want to buy, instead of just plopping in and out dollar amounts). You can also trade Vanguard ETFs and other ETFs at almost any brokerage, just like stocks, and most brokerages will also offer you access to a variety of mutual funds as well (though often for a hefty fee of $20-$50, which you should avoid). Or you can sign up for another fund providers' account, but remember that the fund fees add up quickly.  And the better plan? Just stuff most of your money in something like VTI (Vanguard Total Stock Market Index) instead."
Some states will give you a tax deduction for 529 contributions. This will allow some tax savings for money that spends a minimum amount of time in the account.  Yes you have missed the best benefit, the tax free growth, but there might be an opportunity for some growth. The child's expenses beyond tuition can be covered by 529 plan. It can even cover room and board if they are living in the dorms, off campus apartment, or even at home. Each University through their financial aid office will calculate the total cost of attendance for each student type. Before doing this you need to look at several things:
It's important to understand that, in general, security transactions involve you and a relatively unknown entity with your broker standing in the middle.  When you sell through Schwab, Schwab needs to receive the funds from the other side of the transaction.  If Schwab gave you access to the funds immediately, it would essentially be a loan until the transaction settles after funds and securities change hands.   If Schwab made funds available to you as soon as they were received, it might still be two days until the money is received; because the other side also has three days. Guaranteed one day settlement would have to include receipt of funds from the buyer in one day and Schwab can't control that. You need to remember this transaction likely includes at least one party in addition to you and Schwab.  Here's the SEC page related to the three day settlement period,  About Settling Trades in Three Days:  T+3
He wasn't complaining about it he was exemplifying it. He doesn't care how much of the bussiness's funds he takes advantage of in order to stroke his ego. That extreme level of entitlement, while trying to claim he's not snobbish, exemplified huge amount decadence, selfishness, greed, and carelessness.
Idk what the problem is. My selection of outdoor sports equipment has never been bigger. I love these stores and I don't know how not too. I miss the small bait shop that was around the corner, but I loved that Bass pro catalog as a kid and now there is 4 bass pros within 4 hours of me, Walking in these stores is like heaven.
"Bitcoin payments involve by far the lowest fees.  For pure bitcoin-to-bitcoin transfers you have the option of not paying any fee at all, while if you want to avoid the risk (currently very small) of miners ignoring your transaction you can pay a small transaction fee.  Currently no more than 0.0005 BTC is ever required ($0.01 at $20/BTC). Bitcoin also does not support ""chargebacks"", which is an advantage for the merchant (no risk that Paypal will freeze your account, as it did in with a Burning Man nonprofit), but more risk for the consumer. Popular sites for exchanging bitcoins with other currencies charge rates of 0.65% or less.  The primary barrier is that it typically takes a few days to get funds into your account from bank accounts etc.  Given the volatility of the bitcoin exchange rate you may want to treat bitcoin like cash, and only keep a small amount on-hand. A variety of shopping cart interfaces are supported. The obvious downside is that only a small fraction of users would be likely to go through the steps to use this option since bitcoin is new and immature, so your investment in adding support may be hard to pay off.  On the other hand, just advertising that you accept bitcoin payments would give you a bit of free advertising. Another downside is the risk of government intervention.  In NPR's 2011 story a law professor said it was ""legal for now"" in the US, but that could change. I'd say that given the sizable current fees and other barriers to international commerce and micro-payments, if bitcoin doesn't succeed, something else will."
@littleadv is right, this depends on your country. Furthermore, this is likely to depend on the type of business you own (in the US: LLC, S-corp, C-corp). In some countries you have to provide yourself a minimum wage if you are classified as a major shareholder and work for the company. When there is a minimum level of wage you have to pay yourself the tax rate on wages is typically higher than on dividends. The wage you then receive is taxed in line with normal wage taxation rules. Above the minimum wage you can pay yourself in dividends.
"Basically, unless you are an investment professional, you should not be investing in a venture in a developing country shown to you by someone else. The only time you should be investing in a developing country is if a ""lightbulb"" goes off in your head and you say to yourself, ""With my engineering background, I can develop this machine/process/concept that will work better in this country than anywhere else in the world."" And then run it yourself. (That's what Michael Dell, a computer repairman, did for ""made to order"" computers in the United States, and ""the rest is history."") E.g. if you want to invest in ""real estate"" in a developing country, you might design a ""modular home"" out of local materials, tailored to local tastes, and selling for less than local equivalents, based on a formula that you know better than anyone else in the world. And then team up with a local who can sell it for you. Whatever you do, don't ""invest"" and revisit it in 10-15 years. It will be gone."
"It's a scam. Here's someone who paid ""Josie"" 2000 pounds and lost it all Here's a Google search result list of how this softcore porn actor, Josie Ann Miller, is being used as the face and name of scams"
A lot of business sites are subscription only. Financial Times is the most obvious example. The Economist is the other. At least The Economist is making a very strong, healthy profit.  A lot of other businesses work on a Freemium model, most obviously Bloomberg. The Bloomberg Terminal costs 24k a year to lease, and it has a stronghold on the financial community. But you can get tons of Bloomberg news and data on their site/channel for free. Why? Because having that wide public reach adds value to Bloomberg--they have access to a lot of industry insiders who exchange tips etc. for the ability to leak info to the public, etc. It's a smart business model and works very well.  There are other models that work equally well, but I think a lot of people don't really realize this.
"I am currently an accounting analyst at a small company and am looking for a career change. I have a BS in Econ from a B1G school and 2+ years of work experience. The three options I've narrowed down to are: pursue MFin and move into corporate finance, take CFA L1 and start job search, or start studying for actuarial exams and go down that path. I'm good at math and have high aspirations for my career. Currently I feel under appreciated and underemployed.  Does anyone have any insight/advice on these paths and which is ""best"" in terms of salary, growth, and work/life? Thanks!"
"The ""just accounting"" is how money market works these days. Lets look at this simplified example: The bank creates an asset - loan in the amount of X, secured by a house worth 1.25*X (assuming 20% downpayment). The bank also creates a liability in the amount of X to its depositors, because the money lent was the money first deposited into the bank by someone else (or borrowed by the bank from the Federal Reserve(*), which is, again, a liability). That liability is not secured. Now the person defaults on the loan in the amount of X, but at that time the prices dropped, and the house is now worth 0.8*X. The bank forecloses, sells the house, recovers 80% of the loan, and removes the asset of the loan, creating an asset of cash in the value of 0.8*X. But the liability in the amount of X didn't go anywhere. Bank still has to repay the X amount of money back to its depositors/Feds. The difference? 20% of X in our scenario - that's the bank's loss. (*) Federal Reserve is the US equivalent of a central bank."
In store pickup at Walmart is atrocious. I've tried it. And, you still have to go to Walmart. Amazon draws the yuppie types who not only like saving money, but also don't have the time to deal with going to stores and sure as hell don't want to go to Walmart of all places.
That definitely hit home. I'd be thinking the same thing every time I submitted an online application and its quite frustrating. I'm beginning to realize I shot my self in the foot after graduation when a friend put me in contact with a friend of his who works at a large aerospace firm. The contact seemed more than willing to help me out and I figured at the very least i'd get an interview. So I dedicated all my time prepping for the position and following up with my contact. 2 months later it all fell through when the firm changed the requirements for the position. I asked my contact what happened and he basically said oh well. So yeah  I spent all this time so focused on one job that I thought I would get and it didn't work out. In school I learned what to do in a job but due to my circumstances (working 30 hours a week in a bar in order to pay for school) I never learned HOW to get a job.  given that, I appreciate your suggestions and although everything you said seems obvious now, I think I've mainly been in denial and don't want to give up on what I really want. But thankfully I do have connections in other industries and friends who are more than willing to give mock interviews. I have the tools but as you said now its up to me to stop sulking and take the initiative. Thanks for the response, definitely needed to hear that. I will also send you my resume if you don't mid taking a quick look.
A strategy of rebalancing assumes that the business cycle will continue, that all bull and bear markets end eventually.  Imagine that you maintained a 50% split between a US Treasury bond mutual fund (VUSTX) and an S&P 500 stock mutual fund (VFINX) beginning with a $10,000 investment in each on January 1, 2008, then on the first of each year you rebalanced your portfolio on the first of January (we can pretend the markets are open that day). The following table illustrates the values in each of those funds with the rebalancing transactions: This second table shows what that same money would look like without any rebalancing over those years: Obviously this is cherry-picking for the biggest drop we've recently experienced, but even if you skipped 2008 and 2009, the increase for a rebalanced portfolio from 2010-2017 is 85% verses 54% for the portfolio that is not being rebalanced in the same period. This is also a plenty conservative portfolio. You can see that a 100% stock portfolio dropped 40% in 2008, but the combined portfolio only dropped 18%. A 100% stock portfolio has gained 175% since 2009, compared to 105% for the balanced portfolio, but it's common to trade gains for safety as you get closer to retirement. You didn't ask about a 100% stock portfolio in your initial question. These results would be repeated in many other portfolio allocations because some asset classes outperform others one year, then underperform the next. You sell after the years it outperforms, then you buy after years that it underperforms.
As a counterpoint, I don't think it's totally necessary to do 300 hours per level especially if you already have a background in the material from school.   I did ~100 hours of legit studying for 1 and ~175 legit hours for 2 and passed fine. Had a solid number of friends who did the same amount. Then again YMMV depending on your school, how well you did in school, your courses, and your work experience.
In Canada section 347 of the Canadian Criminal Code makes it illegal to charge more than 60% annually.  Since most Canadian credit card annual interest fee is below this they are within that legal limit.  However this is limited only to the rate and not necessarily a cap on the absolute interest charges.
Strictly speaking the terms arise from double entry book keeping terminology, and don't exactly relate to their common English usage, which is part of the confusion. All double entry book keeping operations consist of a (debit, credit) tuple performed on two different books (ledgers).  The actual arithmetic operation performed by a debit or a credit depends on the book keeping classification of the ledger it is performed on. Liability accounts behave the way you would expect - a debit is subtraction, and a credit is addition. Asset accounts are the other way around, a debit is an addition, and a credit is a subtraction.  The confusion when dealing with banks, partly comes from this classification, since while your deposit account is your asset, it is the bank's liability. So when you deposit 100 cash at the bank, it will perform the operation (debit cash account (an asset), credit deposit account). Each ledger account will have 100 added to it. Similarly when you withdraw cash, the operation is (credit cash, debit deposit). However the operation that your accountant will perform on your own books, is the opposite, since the cash was your asset, and now the deposit account is. For those studying math, it may also help to know that double entry book keeping is one of the earliest known examples of a single error detection/correction algorithm.
College degrees are used as a club membership, if you don't have a piece of paper saying that you know what you know, it doesn't count as far as employers are concerned.  You may possess the knowledge, but not the 'credentials'. It's stupid, yes, but that's how society works.
Geloman's Indian Spares provide you motorcycle spares for the majority of all Indian motorcycles,  including main spare parts, where we do not have them in stock we can order them in. If you want to Indian 101 Scout spare parts, then you can visit our workshop. Because we are the best dealer of Indian motorcycle spare parts online in the world. Our experienced team have and continue to provide a friendly,  down to earth, high quality.
First you should understand the basics of how insurance companies make money: In a simple scenario, assume 1,000 have car insurance. Assume that on average, 100 people have accidents per year, and that each accident costs $10,000. So, we can expect total costs to be $1,000,000 per year. Some of those costs will be paid by the drivers, who have some sort of 'deductible'. That is - the insurance company will only cover costs after the driver has themself paid some initial amount [something like, the first $1,000 of repairs is paid by the driver]. So now the insurance company expects to have to pay out $900,000 in total claims this year. If they want to pay those claims (and also pay their administrative costs, and earn a profit), they might want to have $1,250,000 in revenue. Across 1,000 people, that would be $1,250 / year in insurance premiums. Of course, the big question for the insurance company is: how much will they really need to pay out in insurance claims each year? The better they can predict that number, the more profitable they can be [because they can charge a much more accurate amount, which can earn them new customers and gives them insurance {pun} that each new customer is actually profitable to them on average]. So the insurance company spends a lot of time and money trying to predict your likelihood of a car accident. They use a lot of metrics to do this. Some might be statistical hogwash that they charge you because they feel they can [if every insurance company charges you extra for driving a 2-door instead of a 4-door, then they all will], and some might be based in reality. So they attempt to correlate all of the items in your list, to see if any of those items indicates that you should be charged more (or less) for your insurance. This is equal parts art and science, and a lot of it comes down to how they market themselves. ie: if an insurance company gives a discount for being in college, is that because college drivers are better drivers, or is it because they want to increase the number of young customers they have, so they can keep those customers for life? Therefore how each metric factors into your calculation will be based on the company using it. It would basically be impossible to 'come up with' the same answer as the insurance company by having the information you provided, because of how heavily dependant that answer is on statistics + marketing. As for how your state matters - some states may have different accident rates, and different payout systems. For example - is Hawaii driving more dangerous because of all the tourists driving rented cars faster than they should? Is New York less expensive to insure because better public health care means less cost is borne by the insurance company in the event of an accident [I have no idea if either of these things are the case, they are purely for hypothetical discussion purposes].  In short, make sure you get quotes from multiple providers, and understand that it isn't just the cost that changes. Check changes in coverage and deductibles as well [ie: if one company charges you $100 / month when everyone else charges $200 / month - make sure that the cheaper company doesn't limit its coverage in ways that matter to you].
I'm not whining at all, you are just a dick, and you lie about things like Panasonic agreeing to put up a billion dollars.  When I realized my gross margin numbers might be old, I admitted it.  But, shit-head that you are, you just keep going along.... because that is the kind of person you are.
That makes sense, no doubt there are a few market segments where Sears is good, like the hardware you mentioned. However, I do think that the average age of a Sears shopper vs. an Ikea or Walmart shopper is much higher. Even though in your case you bring the average down being only 35.
"H! i made you [some ""Trusty Tuk Tuk"" signs in english](http://imgur.com/a/P1inx).  there are different styles to choose from.  *if i email them, they are big enough to print and use.  you could print them on colored paper.  do you have email?    hey everybody, [here is Tuk Tuk's Trip Advisor page](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297390-d10836525-Reviews-Trusty_Tuk_Tuk-Siem_Reap_Siem_Reap_Province.html)."
You can remotely close the account and transfer the money out to your account in home country. If you have netbanking you can also setup remittance service to your country
There is a great 3rd party application out there that I use (I am a broker) along with my internal analysts and other 3rd party sources.  VectorVest has a LOT of technical information, but is very easy to use.  It will run any kind of screen you like, including low 52 week numbers.  (No, I don't get anything for recommending them.)
I still rather think making the millionaires tax would be better. There is no reason there shouldn't be a 500k bracket a 1 million bracket and a 5 million. Also up the pay in level on social security as well.   If they're going to take this asinine approach they should just increase capital gains tax by 2-3% instead.
Not really reasonable because you can't hold a gift card in your IRA, but clever idea none the less. I'm sure a few smaller investors would take advantage of that in a taxable account if it was remotely possible.
Hey!  You!  Yes you!  Did you bother to read the requirements for this subreddit?  Here, let me post them:  1. This is not the place to promote your business. Any and every post promoting a business in any capacity will be removed.  2. Spamming will result in an instant ban. No mercy for spammers.  **DO NOT POST YOUR SPAM HERE, SELFISH ASSHOLE.**
"The current stock price you're referring to is actually the price of the last trade.  It is a historical price – but during market hours, that's usually mere seconds ago for very liquid stocks. Whereas, the bid and ask are the best potential prices that buyers and sellers are willing to transact at: the bid for the buying side, and the ask for the selling side.  But, think of the bid and ask prices you see as ""tip of the iceberg"" prices.  That is: The ""Bid: 13.20 x200"" is an indication that there are potential buyers bidding $13.20 for up to 200 shares.  Their bids are the highest currently bid; and there are others in line behind with lower bid prices.  So the ""bid"" you're seeing is actually the best bid price at that moment.  If you entered a ""market"" order to sell more than 200 shares, part of your order would likely be filled at a lower price. The ""Ask: 13.27 x1,000"" is an indication that there are potential sellers asking $13.27 for up to 1000 shares.  Their ask prices are the lowest currently asked; and there are others in line behind with higher ask prices.  So the ""ask"" you're seeing is the best asking price at that moment.  If you entered a ""market"" order to buy more than 1000 shares, part of your order would likely be filled at a higher price. A transaction takes place when either a potential buyer is willing to pay the asking price, or a potential seller is willing to accept the bid price, or else they meet in the middle if both buyers and sellers change their orders. Note: There are primarily two kinds of stock exchanges.  The one I just described is a typical order-driven matched bargain market, and perhaps the kind you're referring to. The other kind is a quote-driven over-the-counter market where there is a market-maker, as JohnFx already mentioned.  In those cases, the spread between the bid & ask goes to the market maker as compensation for making a market in a stock.  For a liquid stock that is easy for the market maker to turn around and buy/sell to somebody else, the spread is small (narrow).  For illiquid stocks that are harder to deal in, the spread is larger (wide) to compensate the market-maker having to potentially carry the stock in inventory for some period of time, during which there's a risk to him if it moves in the wrong direction.    Finally ... if you wanted to buy 1000 shares, you could enter a market order, in which case as described above you'll pay $13.27.  If you wanted to buy your shares at no more than $13.22 instead, i.e. the so-called ""current"" price, then you would enter a limit order for 1000 shares at $13.22.  And more to the point, your order would become the new highest-bid price (until somebody else accepts your bid for their shares.)  Of course, there's no guarantee that with a limit order that you will get filled; your order could expire at the end of the day if nobody accepts your bid."
Depends on how many resources they have stored away.. ..how much they're capable of making on their own or within their circle.. ..how long they can hold out until they need something from a larger society that their smaller one can't provide.   ...or, until the larger society shows up at their door pushing a trade they'd rather not take part in, but being mighty insistent such that it puts them in a situation that they're willing to work with the external forces calling on them and/or their resources.
"I think I found the answer, at least in my specific case. From the heading ""Questar/Dominion Resources Merger"" in this linked website: Q: When will I receive tax forms showing the stock and dividend payments? A: You can expect a Form 1099-B in early February 2017 showing the amount associated with payment of your   shares. You also will receive a Form 1099-DIV by Jan. 31, 2017, with your 2016 dividends earned."
The easiest way is to walk over to any Bank that deals with Foreign Exchange or go to any Western union Money Transfer agencies, they will take the Euro and give you Indian Rupees. Passport is not required, but a proof of identity is required. Banks will also ask you question as to how you got the money, as long as you are able to answer them you will get the money. There would also be local Jewellary stores that would convert the money. If you are dealing with them be sure you have check the rates with few before going into the deal.
I never understood why anyone would overdraft their checking account, until a conversation with a bank teller recently who told me that most young folks these days don't bother to balance their checkbooks anymore or to even bother with a checkbook at all -- they just check their available balance to see how much is in their checking account (totally ignoring any checks or other charges that may have been made against their account but have not yet been debited).        It's hard to believe that young people can be that stupid, but apparently some are.
It means $400m expected revenue, likely spread out over multiple years as it gets implemented, and not entirely guaranteed to happen as they still need to fulfill the contract. The impact on the stock price is complex - it should be positive, but nowhere close to a $400m increase in market cap. If the company is expected to routinely win such contracts, it may have no significant effect on the stock price, as it's already priced in - say, if analysts expect the company to win 1.2b contracts in this fiscal year, and now they've done 1/3 of that, as expected.
Most of the population living in poverty do not have cancer.  They are mostly high school dropouts, single women who made the decision to bring the child into a world without income or a father, or people who choose not to work.
Assuming you're talking about your United States Federal Income Tax payment or refund, the IRS has a website for checking the status of your refund.  You can check that site to see where your refund is.  If it doesn't show up on that site (assuming you provide all the information correctly), then you may want to check TurboTax to verify it was correctly submitted. I believe that site also works for payments.  If not, Turbotax's page is not refund-specific (though I suspect it is just an API call to the same tool).
if I put a limit sell at $22.00 now, will it not sell until it's at $22.00 and I will continue to keep the stock? Basically yes. But note that brokers generally don't allow such limit orders to persist indefinitely. The default may even be that they're only valid until the end of the day, and usually the maximum validity is 30 or 60 days.
WalMart bought a lot of supermarkets in my country, though they kept their original names. But at most times during the day there are at most two cashiers open. So when I see a long line I don't buy and leave
I have a fb account, I never use it. I wont delete it, because those bastards actually wont let you. So Ive intentionally become a dead customer to them. I actually campaign to my friends to communicate with me via any other method. I hate everything fb stands for as a company. Imo this company defines narcissitic scum, a stunt in our socities development selling out our privacy for the quick buck without even realizing the damage theyve done. I know they wont go away anytime soon, but their user base is dramatically loosing value to advertisers. Talks of less fb engagement is no secret in social media buzz. A lot of lame attempts to blame it on the new algorithim or newsfeed changes but when you read between the lines, you can tell more and more people are using it less and less. With an exception to the older gen, who quite honestly dont really understand fb anyway. Seems like any fade after it reaches mass adoption.
"I'd be curious to understand where you live, with a condo costing nearly 3X the average home price in the US.  That said, if you are hell bent on this, money is loosening up. I am a real estate agent, and part of my distaste for the industry is the fact that it is the near opposite of financial fiduciary. I am responsible to be truthful and act in the best interest of my client. I am specifically not allowed to offer tax or financial advice. A client that told me she had a prequalification, only later shared that she's using a 3% down, FHA mortgage, and from what I see, getting in over her head.  In your case, look at the requirements for an FHA loan. I recommend 20% down, and the payment be less than 28% (Principal, interest, property tax) of monthly gross. The FHA allows as little as 3% down, with payment as high as 31%. In your case, $15K is 3%, and, depending on the other expenses for the house, the payment should be manageable.  If your 401(k) accounts offer matching, I'd deposit the amount to capture the match, no more, no less. Let me illustrate the power of matching - say the match is on your first $10,000 total, between the 2 of you. $10,000 deposited, is $20,000 in your retirement account, and you are just out of pocket $7500, as that's your net after tax. Now, the $20K in the account allows you to borrow half, $10,000 at a favorable rate for a 10 year payback. So, to your question of raiding your retirement accounts, I'd advise the opposite. A $10K withdrawal will cost $2500 in tax and $1000 penalty. Net $6500. Better to take the IRA, transfer it to the 401(k), and borrow 50%. Your $40K across the accounts will let you borrow $20K and keep the retirement savings going.  Last - I respect the answers that say ""don't,"" they are actually the right answers. Mine only applies if you won't listen to them. In effect, you've asked where to buy rope, and I'm just letting you know where the store is. It's the banks who are happy to sell you the rope to hang yourself."
Bottom line is our system is broken.  For three years running I am 0% return with over 600k in.  Yet, the 401k admin institution charges us all enormous fees that most aren't even aware exist.  A helpful tip is to also check out your expense ratios and learn how those work as well so you know how much you are paying in hidden fees.
After filing a Chapter 7 (the more common form in the USA) you have to wait 8 years to file another Chapter 7 but only 4 years to file a Chapter 13 (repayment rather than liquidation, at least in theory, in practice it does not always look that neat and tidy).   Chapter 13 you can file a new 13 two years later, but there are not many reasons you would.     This is the new law.  Under the old law pre-2005 you could pretty much file Chapter 13 as often as you like.  In fact my last firm did have one client who managed to fall behind on their house before them chapter 7 was even completed and ended up needing to file a chapter 13 while their chapter 7 was still pending.
"It works if after the price has halved and you buy more the price then rises, however if you are attempting to do this you are basing you ""doubling down"" on hope, and if you are basing a purchase on hope you are gambling. In many cases if the price has halved it could be because there is something very wrong with the company, so the price could easly half again. In that case it hasn't worked. You are better off waiting to see if the company makes a turn around and starts improving. Wait for confirmation that the stock price is heading back up before buying."
I would suggest contacting them. If the account has a small amount of followers and seldom active on it, they usually don't mind handing over the account username. If they won't do it from the kindness of their heart, perhaps ask them how much they want for it? Nothing worse than having inconsistent social media account usernames.
"&gt; The worst that could happen to the employee is they could lose their job.  Yes, that's my point. An employee is not going to risk saying ""no"" to a violation of labor laws when their livelihood depends on keeping the pay check coming."
I would say when starting with Gnucash to start with the level of granularity you are comfortable with while sticking to the double entry bookkeeping practices. So going through each one: Refund for Parking Pass. Assuming you treat the Parking Pass as a sunk cost, i.e. an Expense account, its just a negative entry in the Expense account which turns into a positive one in your Bank account. Yes it may look weird, and if you don't like it you can always 'pay from Equity' the prior month, or your Bank Account if you're backfilling old statements. Selling physical items. If you sold it on eBay and the value is high enough you'll get tax forms indicating you've earned x. Even if its small or not done via eBay, treat it the same way and create a 'Personal Items/Goods' Income account to track all of it. So the money you get in your Bank account would have come from there. Found jacket money would be an Equity entry, either Opening Balances into Cash or Bank account. Remember you are treating Equity / Opening Balances as the state before you started recording every transaction so both the value going into Assets (Banks,Stock,Mutual Funds) and Liabilities (Mortgage, Student Debt, Credit Card Debt) originate from there.
You would report it as business income on Schedule C.  You may be able to take deductions against that income as well (home office, your computer, an android device, any advertising or promotional expenses, etc.) but you'll want to consult an accountant about that. Generally you can only take those kinds of deductions if you use the space or equipment exclusively for business use (not likely if it's just a hobby).  The IRS is pretty picky about that stuff.
Itologyok is a full-service business and laptop-related offerings business enterprise, for similarly greater information about the itologyok cloud-primarily based offerings, sense unfastened to get in contact with us.Cloud server website hosting Get pleasant cloud server hosting in the Oklahoma City, within low priced expenses froms one the exceptional IT support carrier business enterprise. We have professionals inside the consumer's support gadget, who have years of experience within the cloud based totally offerings and Along with this stuff, we use AWS (Amazon net offerings) and Microsoft Azure Services as well as different nearby facts middle services.
I think he's referring to [NAT-PMP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAT_Port_Mapping_Protocol).  NAT-PMP opens a port on your firewall to allow you to access your IoT devices when you're away from home, but the services this exposes may have vulnerabilities that allow attackers to have access to your internal network.
"Most likely that's the amount of interest that accrued on the loan while you were in school.  If you had paid that amount before 6/21, you would have just paid off accrued interest and your loan balance would have stayed the same. Since you did not pay the interest, it will be added to your loan balance and you will just pay it off as part of the loan (plus compounded interest).   If you pay off your loan at 5% over 30 years (hopefully you won't, but that's what they're amortized for), that $350 will compound and become $1,563.  Essentially you're ""borrowing"" $350 at 5% interest for 30 years. Hopefully that motivates you to pay it off sooner that that..."
Wrong homie. The buy out of country wide was an open market purchase I believe at 5.50 in the spring of 2008. There was no govt deal involved. Just Anglo mazillo riding off into the sunset with his fake tan.
I recently came across bitcoin, it is what I was really looking for at the time.
"I know this I irrelevant, but whale. Man, what an og username.   I agree with you on the offshore banking. Also, having worked for Apple in the past, I really don't think their products truly are all about ""quality"", but rather the absolute appearance of quality. To the point where Apple tells their customers what quality is and they listen."
As I tried to point out to people before the ACA went into effect, the 80/20 rule applied to premiums but did nothing to address copays or deductibles. Furthermore, it's not like anyone was going to audit the insurance companies for strict compliance with the rule. But everyone thought that making sure more people could buy a policy from a for-profit company would fix American healthcare. Now here we are a few years later with an unaffordable system that doesn't cover everyone and the for-profit companies still in charge, and paying Congress to do away with what few protections we have. Who could possibly have seen this coming?
I don't know about the US, but in the UK this is common practice, even required in some situations, and not sketchy at all. It's perfectly legal, saves you tax, and protects you from a legal standpoint. (i.e. what if you break something and your employer wants to sue you?) This is what companies are for, they are legal entities that are separate from an individual. There is no requirement for a company to have more than one employee.
Daqri is developing a smart helmet and is a name I keep hearing about when this subject comes up at conferences.  Autodesk has been gobbling up tech like the Stingray engine for awhile with a heavy focus on real time modeling and simulation in the future.  Some of the advancements they have made on that is quite impressive especially in the medical sector for stuff like air flow simulation for clean air rooms.  That's not really a surprise though being that it's Autodesk.  A year or two ago Google Tango was also a big buzz.  The demo device I got to play with was pretty cool but the tech was still maturing and I think still ultimately waiting on better(cheaper) sensor tech.  I expect sensor tech to start being standard on devices in the next couple of years.    The big stand out to me is stakeholders (building owners) waking up to the way they can leverage this technology on the operations side and save money.  Two of the last three capital projects I've been involved in asked for and utilized BIM, UAVs, LIDAR, Cobie and so forth.  Compared to the previous biennium it's night and day.  What's really missing are better ways to engage all this information in a Design-Build environment which is where I think AR will really shine.
"What you're pretty systematically failing to appreciate is the **pain** felt by people during structural unemployment.  Yes, they should get an education, but guess what, they're probably too old for it to be worth or so far behind on the education ladder that it'd be a real struggle.  Maybe they should move to a city where there are jobs, but moving is expensive and so is living in a city.  The libertarian arguments here have the same problem as the (more extreme) arguments about civil rights.  Yes, the ""equilibrium"" will converge to a society without discrimination, where people get educated because low-skilled jobs don't pay much anymore, etc.  But those arguments completely neglect the pain of getting from here to there.  Maybe you think the government always screws things up (despite pretty glaring arguments to the contrary), and maybe you think the free market always ends up with the most efficient solution (despite some pretty glaring examples to the contrary), but that still doesn't mean that inefficient government programs that cost the future (GDP, whatever that means) can't be an appropriate means of reducing the overall suffering of the populace in both the short and long term."
Mint.com—Easy solution to provide insight into finances. Pros: Cons:
I'd suggest you put only 20% down if you qualify for the 80% amount of the mortgage. Live in the house a year and see what expenses really are. Then if your non-Ret accounts are still being funded to your liking, start prepaying the mortgage if you wish.  It's great to start with a house that's only 50% mortgaged, but if any life change happens to you, it may be tough to borrow it back. Far easier to just take your time and not make a decision you may regret. You don't give much detail about your retirement savings, but I'd suggest that I'd rather have a large mortgage and fund my retirement accounts to the maximum than to have a paid house and start the retirement account at age 35. Some choose that option.
"Did you not see the first link? Want a different one?  http://www.businessnewsdaily.com/3088-american-dream-wealthy-parents.html  The very definition of ""self made"" many of these cnbc type of articles that get tossed around are extremely misleading once you dive into the data. I just go where reality takes me.   A lot of start up stories are untrue. The story of wealthy well connected ivy league educated people starting a company with a lot of help from others isn't a catchy story. Stories are manufactured to elicit the most response.  https://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/535/origin-story-2014"
Pool Maintenance Avalon NJ - We strive to provide all our customers with the most reasonable prices and get our jobs done as scheduled, which is why we have so many referrals. PM Pools will build you a swimming pool that you and your family will be satisfied with for years to come.
&gt;Would businesses make infrastructure if they had to? Yes. Would it benefit all users equally and would they allow anyone (including competitors) to use the infrastructure they built? Not likely.  It doesn't necessarily look like say Wal-Mart building roads between it's stores. It could be a company coming in and building roads and then charging a toll to drive on them. I don't think that is unreasonable at all and it would cause those who are getting the most benefit from the road to pay the most in and those getting the least benefit to pay the least in.  If there is profit to be made, then someone will perform the task.
If you are looking for that place in Dubai from where you can buy the cheapest service of database, which is capable for you. The Database For Business is ending up for you that fulfill the requirement. We have become the integral part of any marketing campaign with the growing popularity and use of  mobile database of Dubai for business.Whenever everyone wants to configure a mobile broadband connection there usually is some service provider specific information you have to know before the connection can be established. We provide more expect full business database service and always keep good relations.
"I agree with the rest of the answers -- you're probably better off just using it for some predictable flat-rate recurring monthly service like NetFlix, or making a charitable donation if you're into that sort of thing. But since that wasn't what you asked, I'll try to provide an answer: If you don't mind throwing away money, send money to yourself using PayPal. Here's how:  Set up a PayPal Business Account, and use your personal PayPal account to send funds to it by setting up a PayPal subscription. PayPal says ""You can have one Consumer account and one Business account."" A PayPal Payments Standard business account has no monthly fee -- only transaction fees. According to PayPal, ""in order to set up a repeating payment, [you] would need to create a Subscription or Recurring Payments button from the Merchant Services tab"" (in the Business Account). You would then click the link/button to set up the subscription from your personal PayPal account, to make it send money to your Business account on an automatic schedule. You can then, at your own leisure, send the money back to your personal account without paying a second transaction fee, then finally send it back to your bank account. Or, if your bank account is not yet tied to your personal account, you can tie it to the business account instead, and deposit the funds into your bank account. Unfortunately, this step can't be automated. Again, to reiterate, you're much better off just using it for something recurring."
&gt;but is in no shape to do so due to their massive debt.  Actually it's because they don't have their own printing press for the Euro.   They need to drop out of the Euro, devalue their own currency and take control of their own monetary policy and economy.
Legally, no one else can withdraw from your account. If you suspect the direct-deposit websites are making withdrawals, you can monitor your account balance and dispute any transactions that were not made by you. But realistically, any company that did that would soon be out of business and in so much legal trouble that it wouldn't be worth the money they could get from you.
I'm just a sole trader who doesn't have much money which is why I'm looking at budget stuff.  It's not like I'm a big business just being really tight.   I need advice on this, not to get down-voted.  I need one that is cheap or free but I would prefer that I can upload my own files and I would like to connect my own domain to it.
"&gt;[Google] will pull information based on what the user searches across Gmail, Search, YouTube and other Google properties...also ... Google calendar.""  This is my entire life.  &gt;""Sensitive topics like suicide or rape will not appear.""  Gee thanks, guys."
"As with many questions here, while littleadv is correct, the real answer is ""each bank may handle this differently."" In my case, I was experimenting with my balance to see the impact of utilization, and I overpaid the current bill before the bill was issued.   The prior balance was paid, but then I sent a payment to bring my account to a credit balance. Further down the statement appears the line -  Your account has a credit balance. We can hold and apply this balance   against future purchases and cash advances, or refund it. If you would   like a check mailed to you in the amount of the credit balance, simply   call us and speak to a representative. You can also see that the ""revolving credit available"" is above the line of credit, implying that someone with a $5000 credit line wanting to charge a $6000 engagement ring can send a higher payment to the account and then make that charge."
When you buy a bond - you're giving a loan to the issuer. The interest rate on the bond is the interest rate on the loan. Usually (and this is also the case with the treasury bonds), the rate is fixed for the term of the loan. Thus, if the market rate for similar loans a year later is higher, the rate for the loan you gave - remains the same.
"Sure my dude. I'm not disagreeing with them being irrelevant outliers in terms of this data, I'm just disagreeing with you saying ""lottery"" like they didn't have to put any effort in. Becoming a pro athlete is a shit ton of work"
So, what percentage savings did Lowe's actually realize by doing this in the scheme of things - especially in context to the business losses that will happen as a result from this?  The truth is, if we sheeple could just understand the power we wield, we could be the judge, jury and executioner for most any company if we chose to.
There is a severe problem with the economy now because people, banks, and governments have been taking on an unprecedented amount of debt relative to income. This isn't a matter of government debt to GDP, but [total debt to income](http://grandfather-economic-report.com/natdebt-vs-natincome.gif). People are still going to buy stuff, as you've said, but they are not going to be able to buy stuff in the same way as they have in the past. They maxxed out the credit cards while the interest rate was near 0%. Any increase in the prime rate instantly triggers a chain of defaults. So, yeah, the party is over.
"Merriam-Webster has the following definitions of the term, ""Interest"": While 2a may be the definition you know, there are more than a few others here that are worth understanding as there can be various contexts so that it isn't as simple as you may think."
I'm not even going to answer your question.  You are the type of person that ruins good discussion.  You interject with a ton of opinion about something but then it turns out you dont use the product or have any idea what you're talking about.
"If you still have affairs in Spain or you plan to visit regularly, I would advise against closing your account there unless it is expensive.  I still have a bank account in the Netherlands and it simplifies at lot of things to have it. I would recommend you take enough money to get you going in the US with you but leave the rest in your bank account in Spain.  Once you have opened a bank account in the US, use a foreign exchange transfer service like ofx, XE trade or Transferwise to transfer the money to yourself. In general, foreign exchange transfer services are the most cost effective way to transfer money internationally (much better than your own bank, Pay Pal, Western Union, wire transfers, etc).  They are ""fast"" in that it can take less than a week to transfer money, but other methods are faster if time is of the essence."
I think Michigan has a few good technical schools that could feed Amazon. U of M being #1 in the state but Michigan State and Michigan Tech both produce a lot of good engineers.   And Detroit is on an up beat. I am from there originally and it was attracting a lot more young people/businesses. I live in Portland now and all my hipster friends say they have been hearing good things and a few were considering moving there.  And Quicken employees a huge IT team in Detroit Amazon could start trying to steal.  You might be right they are an unlikely candidate but I think they have a lot more going for it than you might think at first glance.
Do you have a smart phone?  Check out the Clark Howard Podcast.  I listen every day.   Of course you can listen from your computer but its far easier to consume from a pod catcher
"Does the bolded sentence apply for ETFs and ETF companies? No, the value of an ETF is determined by an exchange and thus the value of the share is whatever the trading price is. Thus, the price of an ETF may go up or down just like other securities. Money market funds can be a bit different as the mutual fund company will typically step in to avoid ""Breaking the Buck"" that could happen as a failure for that kind of fund. To wit,   must ETF companies invest a dollar in the ETF for every dollar that an   investor deposited in this aforesaid ETF? No, because an ETF is traded as shares on the market, unless you are using the creation/redemption mechanism for the ETF, you are buying and selling shares like most retail investors I'd suspect. If you are using the creation/redemption system then there are baskets of other securities that are being swapped either for shares in the ETF or from shares in the ETF."
The state and local tax deductions (including property taxes) disproportionately benefit the rich ([88% of the benefit is to those with AGI &gt;$100,000](https://taxfoundation.org/state-and-local-tax-deduction-primer/)).   Cutting SALT would be a progressive reform. However, it would reduce the subsidy for state and local taxes, so there is a trade off.
"As the saying goes... ""Failing to plan is planning to fail.""   If you want to be successful you must have a plan on how you are going to succeed.  Part of making that plan is understanding what the potential points of failure are and how you are going to handle them.  It is impossible to do this if you do not understand the business.  If you have to react to situations and make snap decisions your risks of making bad decisions increase.  This increases your chances of your business failing.   You also need to be able to tell when there are problems with your business.  If you do not understand the business, and have little experience with the business, then it will take you longer to recognize that there are problems.  The earlier you spot or prevent problems the easier, and less costly, it is to deal with them.   When it can work is when you go in as the silent partner with someone who does know the business.  If you watch the show ""Shark Tank"" you will notice the sharks invest in either business that they know and understand and can help guide the business through the pit falls, or in people they believe in because they just need the money not the partner.  None of them say heck neither of us know what I we are doing but lets take a shot together.  The reason is there are more fun ways to throw away money than investing your heart, soul, blood and sweat, into learning a business the hard way.   Most people who do learn and build a business with no prior experience actually start from nothing rather than buying a business that has already been built.  Of those that succeed big, they teamed up with someone who understood the business side, but they were the power behind the innovation.  And most of them got in when there was virtually no competition. Your question does not fit in here."
Right, and the other five senior VP's are going to say something entirely different.   Meanwhile the poor IT manager feels like he is being kicked in the teeth and everyone but him gets a voice in spending his budget.
The 2012 Leadership Development and Talent Strategy Report is a wealth of information that will show you where top performing corporations plan to focus (and spend their training dollars) in the new year. Download your free copy of the report at: http://www.PredictiveSuccess.com
Just general advice but you should pay off your credit cards and car loans before buying a house. Or you may be able to add some extra on to the mortgage to pay off your credit card and car debt right away. Credit card interest rates can be ten times the interest rates on mortgages and car loans are not far behind. The sooner you get them paid off completely the sooner you will have enough money for mortgage payments.
Video CPM are higher, if they allow user video upload, video ads will follow. Anyone that took a look a buying twitter last year might look at buy reddit. both company have about 300 millions MAU but twitter wanted 30 billions (but 18 billions would have made more sense) reddit valuation is a fraction of the price   edit: bot correted my grammar
&gt; Prices can still be low and people can still make tons of money, just slightly less money for those at the top and slightly more for those at the bottom rungs.  You cannot simply *pay* people a wage different to market wage. Why would the executives take accept a salary at 80% of the market wage when they could just get a job at 100% of the market wage?  And at the other end, if you simply started paying the workers 20% more, suddenly all of the workers at that new price point want to get a job at Wal-Mart. They swiftly will replace all the current employees, who cannot perform at that level. If they *could*, why would they have been working at Wal-Mart?  You are railing against reality. Yes, it sucks that some people are only capable of labour at low productivity levels. Totally agree. Simply trying to *pretend* that they are *more* productive is just ridiculous, though.
For economics I recommend mises or these videos to get you started. For daily critical analysis of financial markets, keynesian government policies, and other interesting reading I recommend zerohedge.  I've learned more about financial markets and government regulations by reading the comments section on zerohedge articles than anywhere else on the internet.  The comment section is very raw (i.e. lots of fucking cursing) but there are some jewels of information in there. For daily critical thinking I suggest lewrockwell.
It is true that with a job that pays you via payroll check that will result in a W-2 because you are an employee, the threshold that you are worried about before you have to file is in the thousands. Unless of course you make a lot of money from bank interest or you have income tax withheld and you want it refunded to you. Table 2 and table 3 in IRS pub 501, does a great job of telling you when you must.  For you table 3 is most likely to apply because you weren't an employee and you will not be getting a W-2. If any of the five conditions listed below applied to you for 2016, you must file a return. You owe any special taxes, including any of the following. a. Alternative minimum tax. (See Form 6251.)    b. Additional tax on a   qualified plan, including an individual retirement arrangement (IRA),   or other tax­favored account.  (See Pub. 590­A, Contributions to   Individual Retirement Arrangements (IRAs); Pub. 590­B, Distributions   from  Individual Retirement Arrangements (IRAs); and Pub. 969, Health   Savings Accounts and Other Tax­Favored Health  Plans.) But if you are   filing a return only because you owe this tax, you can file Form 5329   by itself.   c. Social security or Medicare tax on tips you didn't   report to your employer (see Pub. 531, Reporting Tip Income) or on    wages you received from an employer who didn't withhold these taxes   (see Form 8919).    d. Write­in taxes, including uncollected social   security, Medicare, or railroad retirement tax on tips you reported to   your  employer or on group­term life insurance and additional taxes on   health savings accounts. (See Pub. 531, Pub. 969,  and the Form 1040   instructions for line 62.)   e. Household employment taxes. But if you   are filing a return only because you owe these taxes, you can file    Schedule H (Form 1040) by itself. f. Recapture taxes. (See the Form   1040 instructions for lines 44, 60b, and 62.) You (or your spouse if filing jointly) received Archer MSA, Medicare Advantage MSA, or health savings account  distributions. You had net earnings from self­employment of at least $400. (See Schedule SE (Form 1040) and its instructions.) You had wages of $108.28 or more from a church or qualified church­controlled organization that is exempt from employer  social   security and Medicare taxes. (See Schedule SE (Form 1040) and its   instructions.) Advance payments of the premium tax credit were made for you, your spouse, or a dependent who enrolled in coverage  through the Health   Insurance Marketplace. You should have received Form(s) 1095­A showing   the amount of the advance  payments, if any. It appears that item 3: You had net earnings from self­employment of at least $400. (See Schedule SE (Form 1040) and its instructions.) would most likely apply. It obviously is not too late to file for 2016, because taxes aren't due for another month. As to previous years that would depend if you made money those years, and how much.
"It's called a ""checkbook register"" -- learn what it is and how to use it properly (not only recording your transactions &amp; maintaining your own running balance, but also including ""reconciling"" it with your bank-issued statements or online transaction listings) and you will *not* overdraw.  It's [fairly basic stuff](http://www.practicalmoneyskills.com/spanish/pdf/teachers/specialneeds/lev_3/lesson_06/6_3activity.pdf) but it never ceases to amaze me how many (supposedly ""smart"") people fail to do it properly (if at all)."
No - there are additional factors involved. Note that the shares on issue of a company can change for various reasons (such as conversion/redemption of convertible securities, vesting of restricted employee shares, conversion of employee options, employee stock purchase programs, share placements, buybacks, mergers, rights issues etc.) so it is always worthwhile checking SEC announcements for the company if you want an exact figure.  There may also be multiple classes of shares and preferred securities that have different levels of dividends present. For PFG, they filed a 10Q on 22 April 2015 and noted they had 294,385,885 shares outstanding of their common stock.  They also noted for the three months ended March 31 2014 that dividends were paid to both common stockholders and preferred stockholders and that there were Series A preferred stock (3 million) and Series B preferred stock (10 million), plus a statement: In February 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $150.0 million of our outstanding common stock. Shares repurchased under these programs are accounted for as treasury stock, carried at cost and reflected as a reduction to stockholders’ equity. Therefore the exact amount of dividend paid out will not be known until the next quarterly report which will state the exact amount of dividend paid out to common and preferred shareholders for the quarter.
For most people, the longer you have until retirement, the more beneficial a Roth IRA becomes.   As you get closer to retirement, your income should be higher than what you earn now, pushing you to pay a higher tax rate than what you are currently at, even if tax rates don't change.    You said you were fairly young.   Let's assume you've got 35 years until retirement. Assume you make $50K right now, and earn a 4% raise each year.  When you retire, a common goal is to live off of 80% of your pre-retirement income.   80% of your pre-retirement income will be $157K/year based on 4% raises and 35 years until retirement.  I can't predict future tax rates, but it is likely to be a higher tax rate than what you are paying now. Say you invest $300.00 per month for 35 years at 9% interest (S&P 500 lifetime average is 10.5%).   In 35 years, you'll have contributed $126,000.   The account will be worth about $890,000.  That means that you'll have $764,000 of gain. If you invested in a 401k, you'll pay taxes on every withdrawal from your $890,000 account, at your retirement rate.  If you invested in a Roth, you'll pay taxes on your contributions of $126,000 and not pay taxes on the gains. This grants you some immunity from tax law changes or even large withdrawals to buy a house, boat, etc. during retirement.  All of the taxes paid will be at your rate when investing.
Most of the reason is due to infrastructure costs in the suburbs being hidden in general taxes.   Suburban governments don't make enough property tax revenue to maintain infrastructure.   New suburban homes don't pay affordable housing ordinance taxes of 10-20% (which new Chicago apartments must pay).        Schools is the first reason people leave Chicago.  An awful public school system forces the middle class to flee for the burbs, even if they would have preferred city living.
In Ontario, common law marriage requires 3 years of cohabitation, and doesn't give rights to property (which remains separate). I'd say in your situation you can still file as single, but I'd suggest asking your tax accountant to be sure.
"Lets say you owed me $123.00 an wanted to mail me a check. I would then take the check from my mailbox an either take it to my bank, or scan it and deposit it via their electronic interface. Prior to you mailing it you would have no idea which bank I would use, or what my account number is. In fact I could have multiple bank accounts, so I could decide which one to deposit it into depending on what I wanted to do with the money, or which bank paid the most interest, or by coin flip. Now once the check is deposited my bank would then ""stamp"" the check with their name, their routing number, the date, an my account number. Eventually an image of the canceled check would then end up back at your bank. Which they would either send to you, or make available to you via their banking website. You don't mail it to my bank. You mail it to my home, or my business, or wherever I tell you to mail it. Some business give you the address of another location, where either a 3rd party processes all their checks, or a central location  where all the money for multiple branches are processed. If you do owe a company they will generally ask that in the memo section in the lower left corner that you include your customer number. This is to make sure that if they have multiple Juans the money is accounted correctly. In all my dealings will paying bills and mailing checks I have never been asked to send a check directly to the bank. If they want you to do exactly as you describe, they should provide you with a form or other instructions."
Lightning is one of the most devastating natural phenomena and a direct strike will damage anything and everything on its way. Lightning Eliminators &amp; Consultant Inc. installs a wide range of lightning protection products to divert a strike away from the structure and equipment. These products are designed to prevent physical damage to people, structural damage to buildings and protect against internal system equipment failure. Get more details on lightning protection products: http://forum.nordicgames.at/members/179160-MaxLewis
"But I have been having a little difficulty to include the expenditure in my monthly budget as the billing cycle is from the 16th to 15th of the next month and my income comes in at the end of the month. Many companies will let you change the statement date if you want, so one way to do this would be to request your bank to have statements due at the end of the month or first of month. You can call and ask, this might resolve your problem entirely. How can I efficiently add the credit card expenditure to my monthly budget? We do this using YNAB, which then means our monthly budget is separate from our actual bank accounts. When we spend, we enter the transaction into YNAB and it's ""spent."" Additionally, we just pay whatever our credit card balance is a day before the end of the month so it is at $0 when we do our budget discussion at the end of each month."
Re #2, consider an account at a credit union rather than a bank or brokerage firm. Whether you choose a savings account or a money market account, you're likely to get an account with lower fees (so it doesn't cost you money), and rates that are typically similar.
This is only true for countries where we don't have a tax treaty. If we have a tax treaty with the country then you would get foreign tax credits if you repatriated the money. The reason US corporates do this is because US corporate tax rate is the second highest effective rate in the world at ~40% depending on the state you're hq'd in.   So, if they want to repatriated cash from Canada they'd repatriate at the US rate and then receive foreign tax credits for the amount they paid in Canadian taxes. On balance they'll have just paid the US rate.
What a mindfuck.  Human consciousness is something I can't quite wrap my head around.  How about an intermediate scenario -- what if whole-head transplants could be performed onto cyborg bodies such that no duplication of the mind was necessary?  Would that somehow be closer to a transfer of *this* you?
Can confirm. It's why most innately creative industries like advertising, film, architecture and so on have a process that keeps criticism--and critical people--out of initial concept development. The bitchers are kept out as long as possible so good ideas can be nurtured to selling size before the bureaucrats murder them in their cradles.
You pay taxes on any gains you make after selling, so if you buy and hold you won't pay taxes (and you should hold for more than a year so that it gets taxed at the long-term rate, not the short-term rate). I like ETFs, there are some good ones Vanguard offers that are fairly broad, or you can use something like www.Betterment.com which invests in a diversified portfolio of ETFs (and includes things like automatic re-balancing and tax-loss harvesting).
"Tell me about it.  Although I have a Sony little 40"" and I have to say I am very happy with it.  I got it as they were phasing out the previous year models, and while it doesn't have 3-d the picture quality on 2D is actually very good.  I am told the speakers are not great, but I have surround sound anyway, and I think I have used the speakers 1 time, and that was only to check to see if they worked.    I still know people who use MD players for professional recording.  (althought the last I heard of that was a few years ago, so not sure about now)."
The bare minimum should be 6-months of expenses.  Ideally, it should be at least 1 year.  My personal preference is 2+ years, but one thing at a time. Figure out your necessary expenses: food, shelter, transportation and necessary extras.  An example of a necessity, beyond the basics, for me is a decent internet connection.  Telephone costs is another good example.  (Meanwhile, electricity and such bills should be included in the figure for shelter.) You may want to include some allowance for clothing as well; especially for the 2+ year plan.
No, but it's not crazy out of reach of the salaries you listed, either.  Heck, you even made a provision for $250k.  And it's certainly over the $100k threshold.  But sure, if all you are is a worker bee you're not going to make that.  As long as you're quoting developer salaries, you're not going to make that.  The question is where you go after being a developer, if you ever move past that.  And yeah, there's a big difference in the number of people that make 100 vs 300.
"&gt; It is amazing to me how ""middle class"" can spend hundreds of thousands of dollars and not spend even a few thousand to get some real advice.  i have seen to many ''middle class'' buy a $100k+ house and not even spend $1000 on a decent home inspection..."
Be honest with them and let them know exactly what is expected. Act like they are part of a team and that they are as important as you are. Ask for their input and give them credit for their work.  Thants all. Good luck.
**Stanford marshmallow experiment**  The Stanford marshmallow experiment was a series of studies on delayed gratification in the late 1960s and early 1970s led by psychologist Walter Mischel, then a professor at Stanford University. In these studies, a child was offered a choice between one small reward provided immediately or two small rewards (i.e., a larger later reward) if they waited for a short period, approximately 15 minutes, during which the tester left the room and then returned. (The reward was sometimes a marshmallow, but often a cookie or a pretzel.) In follow-up studies, the researchers found that children who were able to wait longer for the preferred rewards tended to have better life outcomes, as measured by SAT scores, educational attainment, body mass index (BMI), and other life measures.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24
Assumptions made for this answer, they may not be true for anybody:  For the numbers part we will assume you are single and make 96,000 per year. Unknowns: how long you have to wait post accumulation to convince the bank you really do make $96,000 per year.
Wesley gave a great answer and a follow up comment.  Heed his advice. If you cannot make ends meet by working two jobs, either you are working very few hours or you have a spending problem.  I feel it is more of a spending problem as you should have been able to complete your program and stay within the FAFSA limit. This is a tough situation of your own making.  If you are at UNC and an engineering student, you have a good mind.  You should use it to find a solution.  Then learn the lessons and do not make those decisions again.   While many people in authority told you that it was a good idea to go to school on student loans one of the paramount lessons to learn is that sometimes those people give bad advice.  In your case that is exactly what happened.
what he doesnt mention is that when American was GREAT was largely the 50's and 60's .. a period characterized by stellar tax rates.  in 1944, FDR set the top marginal tax rate at 94% (for anything over today's equiv of $400k salary), and a corporate tax rate of 70%.   Cutting corporate tax rates, when ppl don't have any more to spend, will only create bigger CxO pay packets. What is happening today is that the extra profits are being used for buying back stock (not reinvesting bc nobody can buy more). That benefits only the top 0.01% of the population.  But the real worry is that these inflated stock prices are a mirage. Inside the companies are not doing any better. Soon its all going to collapse like a pricked balloon. Made worse by the lowering of tax rates. So much for MAGA.
how are the ways he could scam me? There are hundreds of different ways the scam can progress ... broadly;
I don't understand why they couldn't just put google maps and apple maps side by side, even if they changed the default app to Apple's at least they wouldn't have pissed people off who depended on Google's services (like transit)
And people call me crazy because I want Seth Rich's murder investigated! Lol   Lol so Seth Rich being murdered for political gain is a crazy conspiracy theory, but Amazon is TOTALLY taking underlying control of the economy. Serious business discussion going on here /s lol.
Amazon has built an incredible logistical infrastructure that's better than anything the retail world has seen. Even Wal-Mart can't come close to matching it.   Whole Foods, on the other hand, is a mess. That's why they were struggling to compete against other big supermarket chains who started offering organic foods too.  The efficiency savings alone should bring down prices even if the product selection remains the same.
"In my area, the prices are actually fairly comparable (for produce) but WF's is definitely better quality.   Where WF gets expensive is with meats (because so many are grass fed, organic, etc.) and with anything prepared/frozen. (Again, organic, gluten-free, etc.)  So if you're using Whole Foods as a ""healthier"" replacement for a diet that consists of lots of frozen pizza, meat, etc. then Whole Foods will be exorbitant.  I primarily use it for getting quality produce (when it's not farmshare season), bulk stuff like rice, and for occasional splurges like a nice piece of fish."
I've noticed that most people start new jobs just before the holidays for a different reason:  A lot of departments find themselves in a position where they need to finally get around to spending the rest of their staff budget or risk losing it next year;  so a lot of hiring happens at the end of the year, especially of contractors.
No, any gifts you receive are not taxable to you. In fact, losing money in a scam (as this sure sounds like to me) can even be tax-deductible if you lose enough! I wouldn't recommend accepting anything. Usually people with millions are dollars are capable of setting up their own bank accounts.
Many of us believe that brushing and flossing twice daily is enough for us to maintain proper oral health which is why we do not bother to even visit the dentist; however, it is important that we do that so that we know if we are facing any infection or cavities so that it can be cured at the initial stage.
"No, it's not.  Not in the long run.  Productivity growth has a natural limit as well - this has been widely published and discussed.  That's why I started out by clearly saying ""in the long run"".  Furthermore, productivity has only increased something like 6x in the last 100 years - that's significant, but not as much as population growth."
Recognizing his achievements as a young entrepreneur, Kushagra Nayan Bajaj was honored as a recipient of the `Young Achiever’ award by the jury of the 10th Rajiv Gandhi Awards in August 2007. Prior to this, India Today, in its Youth Special issue of January 2005, titled `Young Guns’, acknowledged him as a leader of India’s Gen Y, displaying the abilities of an agent of change and an ambition made of sterner resolve. He was also nominated for the prestigious Padma Shri Awards 2011 conferred annually by the Government of India.
"break new ground  ""band aid""  ""on the back burner""  ""a lot on your plate""  ""knowledge transfer""  ""fire drill""  Man, I do NOT miss working there.   The annoying part was being ""called to serve"" at any given moment. I was good about that, I tend to half-remember what's going on, but I've had co-workers caught with their pants down (so to speak, though who knows...)  ""Rob, you've been working on ______ ,what do you think about _____?""  ...  ""...Rob?""  ""Well, it looks like we lost Rob.""  **5 minutes later**  ""SORRY GUYS I HAVE CHILDREN AND USE THEM AS AN EXCUSE FOR EVERYTHING.""  The man got promoted and became my boss. I immediately quit."
Some of the ETFs you have specified have been delisted and are no longer trading.  If you want to invest in those specific ETFs, you need to find a broker that will let you buy European equities such as those ETFs.  Since you mentioned Merrill Edge, a discount broking platform, you could also consider Interactive Brokers since they do offer trading on the London Stock Exchange.  There are plenty more though.  Beware that you are now introducing a foreign exchange risk into your investment too and that taxation of capital returns/dividends may be quite different from a standard US-listed ETF. In the US, there are no Islamic or Shariah focussed ETFs or ETNs listed.  There was an ETF (JVS) that traded from 2009-2010 but this had such little volume and interest, the fees probably didn't cover the listing expenses.  It's just not a popular theme for North American listings.
They also tranche their loans just like the bonds in the housing crisis, which freaked me the fuck out when I heard it. Asked one of the main Sofi guys presenting at an event (think he works with the 4 founders about his answer and he basically just said the quality of the loans going in will keep them save. It seemed like a semi complete answer, one that I would never know unless I got an inside look at how rigid their loan process is and if it holds up when they are having a low month of inflows.
Fair enough. I was just trying to save them money.  If it were me, I'd call up the dealer first and threaten to contact local media if they didn't void the contract.  In the end though a lawyer is probably the best bet. Even just having them write a letter to send over would probably get them to nullify it.
So extenuating circumstances might make it OK for someone to lie to you.    In this specific case, BofA withheld material information from its shareholders and asked them to approve the merger on the basis of known false information.  This is, by definition, fraud.
"There has been almost no inflation during 2014-2015. do you mean rental price inflation or overall inflation? Housing price and by extension rental price inflation is usually much higher than the ""basket of goods"" CPI or RPI numbers. The low levels of these two indicators are mostly caused by technology, oil and food price deflation (at least in the US, UK, and Europe) outweighing other inflation. My slightly biased (I've just moved to a new rental property) and entirely London-centric empirical evidence suggests that 5% is quite a low figure for house price inflation and therefore also rental inflation. Your landlord will also try to get as much for the property as he can so look around for similar properties and work out what a market rate might be (within tolerances of course) and negotiate based on that. For the new asked price I could get a similar apartment in similar condos with gym and pool (this one doesn't have anything) or in a way better area (closer to supermarkets, restaurants, etc). suggests that you have already started on this and that the landlord is trying to artificially inflate rents. If you can afford the extra 5% and these similar but better appointed places are at that price why not move? It sounds like the reason that you are looking to stay on in this apartment is either familiarity or loyalty to the landlord so it may be time to benefit from a move."
"You could convert your Australia cash to US dollars in cash now through a Foreign Currency provider like Travelex or UAE Exchange. To convert to USD cash right now, here's the rate you're looking at with both providers: The downside with either converting to cash now, or getting a ""cash passport"" like my other answer is you're not earning any interest on your cash. Alternate Option Anther idea is to just leave your cash in an Australian bank earning interest, and get credit card that has no Annual Fee and Free Foreign Currency Conversions. That way, use that credit card to make purchases while in the USA, and the currency conversion will happen at the time of the transaction using the credit card issuer's Bid/Offer spread. This is what I do. The credit card I use in the Bank West Platinum Zero Mastercard. Just make sure you pay the full amount off the card when the bill comes (not the minimum) to avoid paying any interest on the card's balance. The current conversion they give for a USD transaction is:"
Something tells me the people buying Tesla aren't doing it because they care about the environment... It's more of a side effect.  There's definitely a subset that do but everyone I know around DC who's on the list (and it's at least a few dozen) want the status symbol.  Tesla is an icon at this point and if it was a $20k, 500mi range econobox, I guarantee none of these people would be buying despite how much better that would be as a car.
My Finances is a personal finance app for iPhone and iPad. The app uses iCloud to sync the data between your devices if you want to. Otherwise the data is only local and won't be synced to any server. Spoiler: I'm the developer and my opinion may be biased.
If they have your account numbers (which are necessary for direct deposits) they could possibly initiate ACH withdrawals from your accounts too (requires some setup but they may have accomplices). Note that even if you didn't have money there, depending on the local bank rules you may be still on the hook for overdrafts they create, at least by default. You may be able to prove later that this was fraud but the burden of proof will be on you, and in the meantime they might be gone with the money.   They could use your documents to either establish other accounts in your name (identity theft) or take over your accounts (e.g. by contacting customer service of the bank and claiming to be you, and presenting the documents you sent as a proof), request credits under your identity (possibly using the money on the account as a collateral since the bank may not know where the money is from), etc. This is even easier given you will give them all the documents and information needed for a loan, your signature, etc.  And the fact that they ask you to send documents to a specific address doesn't mean they could be found at that address when the problems start - it may be rented short-term, belong to either knowing or unknowing accomplice, be a forwarding service, etc. Could be money laundering of course too. That's just what comes to mind after a short while thinking about it.
"You may be considered a resident for tax purposes. To meet the substantial presence test, you must have been physically present in the United States on at least: 31 days during the current year, and       183 days during the 3 year period that includes the current year and the 2 years immediately before. To satisfy the 183 days requirement, count:           All of the days you were present in the current year, and           One-third of the days you were present in the first year before the current year, and           One-sixth of the days you were present in the second year before the current year. If you are exempt, I'd check that ending your residence in Germany doesn't violate terms of the visa, in which case you'd lose your exempt status. If you are certain that you can maintain your exempt status, then the income would definitively not be taxed by the US as it is not effectively connected income: You are considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the United States if you are temporarily present in the United States as a nonimmigrant on an ""F,"" ""J,"" ""M,"" or ""Q"" visa. The taxable part of any U.S. source scholarship or fellowship grant received by a nonimmigrant in ""F,"" ""J,"" ""M,"" or ""Q"" status is treated as effectively connected with a trade or business in the United States. and your scholarship is sourced from outside the US: Generally, the source of scholarships, fellowship grants, grants, prizes, and awards is the residence of the payer regardless of who actually disburses the funds. I would look into this from a German perspective. If they have a rule similiar to the US for scholarships, then you will still be counted as a resident there."
I can think of three things you might do: Talk to a fee-only adviser. As the comments suggest, this would only be one or two sessions to lay out what all you have, establish what you want it to do, and write a plan that you are comfortable carrying out yourself. What do your 401k and Roth IRA look like? If you mean for this money to be long-term, then your retirement portfolio might be a good place to start. I don't currently own them, but one of my personally hobby horses is I-Series Savings Bonds, commonly called I Bonds. Even in the current low interest rate environment, they are a good deal relative to everything else out there. I summarized this more fully in my answer to another question. You can invest up to $10,000 per SSN per year, and the interest rate is the sum of a fixed rate plus a floating rate based on CPI. Currently the fixed rate is 0%, but the floating rate is better than what you can get from most other cash-like instruments.
I wouldn't stress out too much about what you call the category. As long as it makes sense to you and your tax accountant it should be fine. Besides, it's usually pretty easy to rename a category in the future. Just for reference, my accountant set up my categories (also for S-Corp) like this (though this was 8 years ago but I still use them today):
If you have quoted an incorrect number, and the transfer has happened, it cannot be reversed. The funds are already with the individual and bank cannot debit the individual without his authorization. The best course for you is to try get the details of the individual and see if the funds can be moved to the correct account.
I just listened to a podcast on this topic this week, and Satanicpuppy is pretty much correct. If you are interested, here is a link to the podcast on Legal Lad: Can Businesses Refuse to Accept Cash?
"Actually that statistic (whether it is 9/10 or 95% or 99%) is often VERY misquoted AND it is both overstated AND extremely misleading.  * First of all the ratio/percentage of even the ""urban myth"" that ""everyone knows"" is purportedly **over a 5 year period of time** not a single year.  * Secondly, just because a business has closed down or ceased to exist sometime prior to the 5 year mark, does NOT necessarily mean that it was a ""failure"" (and definitely not necessarily a ""bankruptcy"").  * Third, it does not mean that all of the initial investment went ""poof"" -- **that may be true for high-tech startups** (especially the dot-com/dot-bomb con operations whose business ""plan"" resembles the [South Park Underpants Gnomes ""plan""](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/dd/Gnomes_plan.png) more than anything else) -- but that is NOT necessarily true of the rest of the business world.  Consider by contrast how many EMPLOYEES are still in the same JOB five years later (per data [the *average* job tenure in the US is now 4.6 years](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/americans-less-likely-to-change-jobs-now-than-in-1980s-2014-01-10), which is actually UP from 3.7 years in 2002, and 3.5 years in circa 1983).  The vast majority of small businesses (and the sheer volume\* skews the totals) are essentially that: they are job *replacement* (or even job *supplement*) businesses, which chiefly consist of the owner/operator being ""self-employed"" (or part-time self-employed ""on the side"") for a year, two years, and possibly longer.  Occasionally they will then (often temporarily) employ others as well; but the primary goal is to provide a simple ""income"" for the owner/operator.  **And there is nothing WRONG with that.**  Nor is there anything wrong with the person then ENDING that ""business"" and moving on... to another (different name, different field) business... or taking a job with some company (which they may have previously worked for on a contract basis with the ""business"", etc).  The idea that ALL businesses somehow *should* ""endure forever"" and continue to grow forever (as if they were all destined to be Giant Sequoia trees) is actually *rather warped and delusional...* it ignores the real world, and the fact that most flora is NOT ""giant trees"" but rather small bushes and plants -- and for small businesses, being ""nimble"" (and profitable) often means the opposite: knowing when to get OUT of a market or business is just as important (indeed can be MORE important) than knowing when to get INTO it.  \*EDIT: As a further note on the ""volume"" you have to also add in the large number of *business ""ideas"" that spawn an LLC, but then went nowhere* companies (especially these days when starting an LLC in many states is simply filling out a form online and paying a filing fee) -- IOW the ""business"" may have had a temporary ""legal"" existence (name, probably a reserved domain name, maybe even a logo, etc.), but when it comes to reality -- actual investment in assets and conducting business operations (of any type) -- well, a lot of the ""horses"" never even make it past the gate... and that too skews the numbers in many studies.  ---  Note that here is another take on the point:  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/wp/2014/01/27/do-9-out-of-10-new-businesses-fail-as-rand-paul-claims/  &gt;As far as we can tell, **there is no statistical basis for the assertion that nine out of 10 businesses fail.** It appears to be one of those nonsense facts that people repeat without thinking too clearly about it. Here are some basic questions to ask when assessing such a factoid:  &gt;1. What’s the time frame? Two years, five years, 10 years? That can make a big difference. &gt;2. Does “fail” mean that it goes out of business because it was not financially viable? Or does that also include data about successful enterprises that merge with another company? &gt;3. Wouldn’t failure rates be different for some industries than others? Does it make sense to lump all businesses together?  &gt;There have been a number of studies that have looked at this issue. This chart, from Web site designer smallbusinessplanned.com, summarizes the results of three different studies. Basically, after four years, 50 percent of the businesses are open. As time goes on, the success rate decreases, but it never gets to a failure rate of “nine out of 10.”  &gt;[...]  &gt;Even this does not show the whole picture. As Brian Headd, an economist at the Small Business Administration, demonstrated in a 2002 study for Small Business Economics, **about one–third of closed business were actually successful when they “failed.”**  &gt;“The significant proportion of businesses that closed while successful calls into question the use of ‘business closure’ as a meaningful measure of business outcome,” the study says. “It appears that **many owners may have executed a planned exit strategy,** closed a business without excess debt, sold a viable business, or retired from the work force.”  Now that doesn't necessarily mean that Rand Paul's point is WRONG (he is chiefly talking about government investing in HIGHLY LEVERAGED, HIGH-RISK, HIGH-TECH businesses, which are a different story) -- but it does mean that the statistic he is citing (general business failure rate) is an urban-myth-falsehood, however commonly-believed, or commonly-restated."
Sedation You should note that you will be under dental sedation (often via a local anesthetic) whenever you have a wisdom tooth removed, so it’s best to prepare for it, preferably by bringing along someone who can drive you home after the procedure.
Our compensation is pretty typical for a study like this.  And, it's actually frowned upon by the IRB to offer too much, because it runs up against ethical concerns for coercion to participate in studies.  Given the population for this study, of course, we also added the raffle for the Oculus Rift, as something that might actually interest people.  And, along with the value of supporting research to improve financial decisions, we hope this is sufficient motivation for some people to enroll!  (So far, so good!)    In my experience, people have all sorts of reasons for participating in research.  A lot of people who do our studies tell us that its just kind of fun -- and the small monetary compensation is a nice quantitative indicator of how well they perform.  One related topic is Amazon Turk, where people do tasks for incredibly small amounts.  Surprisingly, statistics show a very wide distribution of education and income levels for these participants.  Honestly, I'm not quite sure why people sign up for that site.  People just have all sorts of reasons for doing things.  In sum:  we're not embarrassed by the size of our compensation!  But seriously, we really appreciate the feedback, and I'll definitely be sharing your comments with our lab director for the next time.
Wants to configure your router setting? If yes, then use routerlogin.net web address for Netgear router. If you face any issue then simply take assistance from us. We are providing 24/7 customer support on toll free number. Call right now.
I think we're way past the stage where anyone can claim that. Tablets have very wide application from hospitals, child care, education, sales, flying planes and restaurants to name a few. Wearables are still unproven; c'mon app1e!
Maybe, but having one increases the risk of gun accidents and is a real risk if someone in your home has mental health issues, and those are statistically far more likely than defending yourself for home invaders or protecting yourself from the breakdown of society.  If you aren't someone who genuinely enjoys hunting or range shooting, it's kind of silly to own one.
"I think that your best option is to use the internet to look for sites comparing the various features of accounts, and especially forums that are more focused on discussion as you can ask about specific banks and people who have those accounts can answer. ""Requests for specific service provider recommendations"" are off-topic here, so I won't go into making any of my own bank recommendations, but there are many blogs and forums out there focusing on personal finance."
"Yes. A most emphatic yes.  I suggest you look at your 2014 return and project what 2015 will look like. I'd convert enough to ""top off"" the 15% bracket. Note, if you overshoot it, and in April 2016, see that you are say $5K into the 25% rate, you can just recharacterize the amount you went over and nail the bracket to the dollar.  If you have the time and patience, you can convert into 2 different Roth accounts. One account for one asset class, say large cap stocks/funds, the other, cash/bonds. In April, keep the account that outperformed, and only recharacterize the lagger. Roth Roulette is my name for this strategy. It's risk free, and has the potential to boost the value of your conversions.  Edit - To be clear, you are permitted to recharacterize (undo) any or all of the converted amount. You actually have until tax time (4/15 or so) plus the 6 month extension. You can recharacterize for any reason - A personal anecdote - I manage my mother in law's money. She is well under the 25% bracket cutoff. Each year I convert, and each April, recharacterize just enough to be at the top of the 15% bracket. Over $100K has been shifted from Traditional IRA to Roth by now. Taxed at 15% so her daughters will 'not' pay 25% when they withdraw. $10K in tax saved from uncle sam, for my effort of filling out paper twice a year for 12 years now. Well worth my effort."
Your debt is insane.  Forget investing, pay off your debt.  You owe 100% of your salary, with only one smallish asset (6K in the bank).  Sure you have a car, but the value of the car is falling rapidly and can be taken to near zero by a simple accident.  Once you have your debts paid off (or at least to a reasonable level) you can think about investing.  The 401K is the best place to start as you alluded to. Okay so you have some money left over and you want to do some other investing.  What is the goal of that investing?  If your desire is to learn about the stock market, and play a bit, then sure, by a few shares of some hot stock.   If your goal is to buy a house, then a savings account is probably best. It all depends on what you want to do.
I love you guys, you’re the most honest and hard working taxi drivers I’ve ever met.  People come to Siem reap two ways, by air and via the boarder from Thailand.  When I was there the busses would drop you off at Poipet and you would have to hire a car to take you the rest of the way.  Now the busses go direct.  People via land don’t plan out much.  I would have said years ago to get a contact in Poipet to hand out flyers.  Now it’s different.  I would work out deals with bus drivers and hotels.  Another idea would be to find maybe four other drivers and start a company.  I would advertise this company on trip advisor, and the other travel sites.  You will have better luck as a conglomerate of people rather than one guy.   The key is to get the client before anyone else snatches them up.  To keep the client you should learn as much about Angkor Wat as you can and double as a tour guide.  My driver just went to sleep after he dropped us off.  Know the best restaurants, don’t take them to places that give you kickbacks, really look out for the client.  You need to be more than just a driver.  You are their tour guide.  Make them feel safe and give them your knowledge.
I often sell covered calls, and if they are in the money, let the stock go. I am charged the same fee as if I sold online ($9, I use Schwab) which is better than buying back the option if I'm ok to sell the stock.  In my case, If the option is slightly in the money, and I see the options are priced well, i.e. I'd do another covered call anyway, I sometimes buy the option and sell the one a year out.  I prefer to do this in my IRA account as the trading creates no tax issue.
"There are only three circumstances where building your own ""index"" portfolio make sense, in my opinion."
There are several reasons why credit cards are popular in the US: On the other hand, debit cards do not have any of these going for them.  A debit card doesn't make much money for the bank unless you overdraw or something, so banks don't have incentive to push you to use them as much.  As a result they don't offer rewards other benefits. Some people say the ability to spend more than you have is a downside of a credit card.  But it's really an upside.  The behavior of doing that when it isn't needed is bad, but that's not the card's fault, it's the users'.  You can get a credit card with a very small limit if this is an issue for you. The question I find interesting is why debit cards are more popular in your home country.  I can't think of any advantage they offer besides free cash back.  But most people in the US don't use cash much either.  I have to think in your home country the banks have a different revenue model or perhaps your country isn't as eager to offer tons of easy credit to everyone as the US is.
Supplier of Talc Powder in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-talc-powder-in-india.php Shri Vinayak Industries is a very popular Supplier and Manufacturer of Talc Powder. We are offering supreme quality and a wide range of Talc Powder that is manufactured and processed from best raw material. Talc Powder is a type of mineral that is known as hydrated magnesium silicate scientifically and it naturally occurs in crystalline form. Our Talc Powder product is well known for its best quality and affordable prices. We provide ideal quality of soap stone powder. We are providing fruitful deals to the clients as we provide them at reasonable rates.
"Bank for International Settlements (BIS) are the guys in Switzerland that came up with the Basel accords and gave us fun things like Capital Adequacy Ratios and kept bankers constipated for the last decade.  It seems According to them, the bankers have been up to no good again and have been engaging in bank to bank currency swaps and derivative swaps in a manner that has allowed them to by pass regulatory safe guards and hide the debt off balance sheet, and a situation is occurring where they have to pay back their debt before the debt that is owed to them matures and that could lead to a credit crunch and liquidity crisis.  The trigger they feel for this could be a rise in inflation in the US which would lead to the Fed raising rates or an unforeseen shock to the dollar that would tighten the market.   ""Signs of excess are visible everywhere. “Corporate debt is now considerably higher than it was pre-crisis. Leverage indicators have reached levels reminiscent of those that prevailed during previous corporate credit booms. A growing share of firms face interest expenses exceeding earnings before interest and taxes,” said the report.  Up shit creek and its in danger of popping"
&gt; If you aren't ivy league you have no hope of getting on wall st in front office.  BB associate here coming in to confirm this.  Front office wall st is comprised of 2 types of people.    1* Tier 1 (Ivy, 4.0 UChicago, London School of Econ, 4.0 NYU, etc)  undergrads who didn't make it into HF's and are looking for exp so they can move into HF realm.  These are usually interns from junior/sr summer that are now on 2 year analyst rotation programs (usually 4 rotations of 6 months).  2* MBA/MS and CFA Charterholders with past experience in capital markets.  This means they have already been working at a BB whether it was in relationship management or middle office.
"Have you avoided business articles, family bbqs, and friends for the past 20 years? Have you ever shopped anywhere else?    This is a comment a best buy executive would make. ""Oh it's bad? It works for me...could you tell me what's wrong?""    (Not that you're a spy. Or arrrreeeee youuuuu...)"
"I think a the thing with depression and recession is just what he uses  to define those economic statuses. He says at the begining that his thinking on the subject is what he uses and might not be conventional. Interest rates falling to near 0% might be the most common cause of a depression among others and why he chose to talk about it.   &amp;nbsp; For the different methods of depression recovery I beleive he was trying to say that the path to a ""beautiful devleraging"" requires balance. Certaintly the deflationary tactics have there own merits, and are not solely for the purpose of offsetting the inflationary methods, but a balance of everything is the most crucial factor for an efficient recovery."
I think your reasons are good. Fundamentally accounting software is built to ensure you record your accounting data effectively with minimal mistakes and good auditing. But you still need to use the tool properly to get the benefit. One other advantage is that many accountants are familiar with, say QuickBooks, and can do your accounts more effectively if you use their preferred tool.
If you're trying to teach them the value of money and quantifying the dollar difference between prices, one very effective way to do this is by using bar charts. For instance, if a toy is $5, and movie they really want to see is $10, and a vacation they want to go on costs $2000, it can be a useful tool to help explain how the relative costs work.
The expense fees are high, and unfortunate. I would stop short of calling it criminal, however.  What you are paying for with your expenses is the management of the holdings in the fund. The managers of the fund are actively, continuously watching the performance of the holdings, buying and selling inside the fund in an attempt to beat the stock market indexes. Whether or not this is worth the expenses is debatable, but it is indeed possible for a managed fund to beat an index.  Despite the relatively high expenses of these funds, the 401K is still likely your best investment vehicle for retirement. The money you put in is tax deductible immediately, your account grows tax deferred, and anything that your employer kicks in is free money.  Since, in the short term, you have little choice, don't lose a lot of sleep over it.  Just pick the best option you have, and occasionally suggest to your employer that you would appreciate different options in the future. If things don't change, and you have the option in the future to rollover into a cheaper IRA, feel free to take it.
You bought a rental property in 2001. Hopefully you paid fair value else other issues come into play.  Say you paid $120K. You said you have been taking depreciation, which for residential real estate is taken over 27.5 years, so you are about halfway through. Since you don't depreciate land, you may have taken a total $50K so far.  With no improvements, and no transaction costs, you have $50K in depreciation recapture, taxed at a maximum 25% (or your lower, marginal rate) and a cap gain of the 5-10K you mentioned. Either can be offset by losses you've been carrying forward if you suffered large stock losses at some point.
No offense but ideas are cheap and easy to come by. Execution is the hard part.   I think your audience probably has plenty of ideas of their own that they need help implementing. Maybe your ideas could include that as well.....
By most estimates, North Korea doesn't have an effective means of retaliating with a nuclear weapon. Further, its not like we were attacking North Korea even when they have repeatedly attempted to assassinate the leader of South Korea, shelled South Korea, or Torpoedoed one of their ships.   The thing that keeps them from being steamrolled is that no one wants to pay to fix their country afterwards.
If it is closed, you should be able to trust that it is closed permanently. What you still have is the online account. Imagine this would be removed and then the account would be re-activated? That should not happen, but the way you see it, you must be afraid of that as well. What I mean to say: See these two things as completely separate.
I actually like bdubs... the wings. and fried pickles at least. The rest of the menu blows, but if they did some beer specials and brought back wing Wednesday at a reasonable price, they'd be fine. Everyone I know that used to frequent there went when it was 30 cent wings. This wasnt too long ago and I'm pretty sure they've doubled in price since
You're talking about NQO - non-qualified stock options. Even assuming the whole scheme is going to work, the way NQO are taxed is that the difference between the fair market value and the strike price is considered income to you and is taxed as salary. You'll save nothing, and will add a huge headache and additional costs of IPO and SEC regulations.
"It's a risky ""investment"" given how capricious the government can be, and like another poster said... if you don't understand it and can't explain proof of work, cryptographic hashes, and how and why there's a limit to total BTC ever, as well as changing difficulty to PoW, and what implications that those things *might* have..."
"fennec has a very good answer but i feel it provides too much information. So i'll just try to explain what that sentence says. Put option is the right to sell a stock. ""16 puts on Cisco at 71 cents"", means John comes to Jim and says, i'll give you 71 cent now, if you allow me to sell one share of Cisco to you at $16 at some point in the future ( on expiration date).  NYT quote says 1000 puts that means 1000 contracts - he bought a right to sell 100,000 shares of Cisco on some day at $16/share. Call option - same idea: right to buy a stock."
The market can stay irrational longer than you can remain solvent -John Maynard Keynes The stocks could stagnate and trade in a thin range, or decline in value. You assume that your stocks will offer you ANY positive return for every month over 24 months. Just one month of negative returns puts you underwater. Thats whats wrong with it.  Even if you identified any stock that has been up every month for a consecutive 24 months in the past, there is nothing that says it will be so in the future, and a broad market selloff will effect both indexes as well as individual stocks.  Literally any adverse macroeconomic event in the next two years will put you underwater on your loan, no matter how much research you do on individual stocks.
I think part of it is because we put our information on LinkedIn with intent that LinkedIn use it for a single purpose that is beneficial to us. And then LinkedIn - this is going to be shocking, brace yourself - uses it for that purpose, and both us and LinkedIn benefit.  I mean, call me nuts, but if LinkedIn uses my information to get me a new job that pays 20% more, and they make a few thousand bucks in the process, I'm not exactly going to begrudge it to them.  Meanwhile, Facebook sells my personal information to advertisers and tries to get me to spam my friends.
I disagree that it is a silly way to do business. I think many industries are actually moving in the direction of MLM. The whole idea with a successful MLM like amway is that they spend no money on advertising. Did you know most companies spend about a third of their revenue back into advertising? Amway instead pays back that money as a bonus to their distributors. I can't remember which year off the top of my head but a couple years ago amway paid back over 4 billion dollars in bonus to their people. Now look at Uber, they are kind of cutting out the middle man also. Interesting right?
"This is really two questions about yield and contents. Content As others have noted, an annuity is a contractual obligation, not a portfolio contained within an investment product per se. The primary difference between whether an annuity is fixed or variable is what the issuer is guaranteeing and how much risk/reward you are sharing in. Generally speaking, the holdings of an issuer are influenced by the average ""duration"" of the payments. However, you can ascertain the assets that ""back"" that promise by looking at, for example, the holdings of a large insurance or securities firm. That is why issuers are generally rated as to their financial strength and ability to meet their obligations. A number of the market failures you mentioned were in part caused by the failure of these ratings to represent the true financial strength of the firm. Yield As to the second question of how they can offer a competitive rate, there are at least several reasons (I am assuming an immediate annuity) : 1) Return/Depletion of Principal The 7% you are being quoted is the percent of your principal that will be returned to you each year, not the rate of return being earned by the issuer. If you invest $100 in the market personally and get a 5% return, you have $105.  However, the annuity's issuer is also returning part of your principal to you each year in your payment, as they don't return your principal when you eventually die. Because of this, they can offer you more each year than they really make in the market. What makes a Ponzi scheme different is that they are also paying out your principal (usually to others), but lie to you by telling you it's still in your account. :) 2) The Time Value of Money A promise to pay you $500 tomorrow costs less than $500 today A fixed annuity promises to pay you a certain amount of money each year. This can be represented as a rate of return calculated based on how much you have to pay to get that annual payment, but it is important to remember that the first payment will be worth substantially more in real purchasing power than the last payment you get. The longer you live, the less your fixed payment is worth in real terms due to inflation! In short, the rate of return has to be discounted for inflation, it is not a ""real"" rate of return. In other words, if you give me $500 today and I promise to pay you $100 for the next 5 years, I am making money not only because I can invest the money between now and then, but also because $100 will be worth less five years from now than it is today. With annuities, if you want your payment to rise in step with inflation, you have to pay more for that (a LOT more!). These are the two main reasons - here are a few smaller ones: 3) A very long Time Horizon If the stock market or another asset class is performing well/poorly, the issuer can often afford to wait much longer to buy or sell than an individual, and can take better advantage of historical highs and lows over the long term. 4) ""Big Boy"" investing A large, financially sound issuer can afford to take risks that an individual cannot, such as in very large or illiquid assets, such as a private company (a la Warren Buffet). 5) Efficiencies of scale Institutional investors have a number of legal advantages over individuals, which I won't discuss in detail here. However, they exist. Large issuers are also often in related business (insurance, mutual funds) such that they can deal in large volumes and form an internal clearinghouse (i.e. if I want to buy Facebook and you want to sell it, they can just move the stock around without doing any trading), with the result that their costs of trading are lower than those of an individual. Hope that helps!"
Fees mostly.  BOA, for example, just announced $5/month for for all debit cards.  Chase has foreign transaction fees, mostly hidden. BOA once famously raised interest rates on credit card holders to 28%, legally.  Also, some people do not like patronizing a bank with CEOs that bankrupt the company and then get multi-million dollar golden parachutes. Finally some people have a problem with banks or institutions that suspend accounts based on political or unproven legal proceedings (ala Wikileaks and BOA).  Credit unions are less like to be involved in this sort of activity since they are not privately traded, and as such they are not ruled by shareholders who demand bottom line results at all costs.
"In what sense do you think that RBC contributed to the subprime mortgage crisis? You seem to take that as a given without providing any evidence. Through their ownership, at the time, of RBC Bank in Raleigh? RBC came out of the 2008 crisis as one of the strongest banks in the world.  And I explained the nature of the temporary government cash infusion that happened while the world's credit markets were seized up. Calling it ""a bailout"" is just nothing less than misrepresentation. A ""bailout"" implies that mistakes were made by management. But that is not what happened.  And the bubbly property markets in Vancouver and Toronto is irrelevant to your point of supposedly ""fact-checking"" Flashboys."
Here's what you can do: roll up your sleeves and get to work.  Work 2 or 3 jobs while you take 12 credit hours.  Live in the cheapest available housing (that is reasonably safe).  Have no social life.  Wake up, work, class, eat, work, study, sleep. Every day.  Don't eat at restaurants.  Eat only simple meals at home.   Every meal.  Have a car payment?  Get rid of your car and use public transit or get the cheapest running car possible.   One year of nothing but focused effort on paying for and finishing school.  If you can't earn enough to cover 14K on top of your basic living expenses, then you aren't working hard enough, or you have extenuating circumstances that make finishing your degree at this time infeasible.
Once you start going down the bitcoin rabbit hole (I've tried not to go too far myself), two things become abundantly clear:  * It is the perfect vehicle to hide theft (including graft); * It is the perfect vehicle to circumvent currency controls (China).  For those two reasons alone you're likely to see *severe* controls - and if not controls, outright bans.  It would be nearly impossible to ban/eliminate bitcoin (or other cryptocurrencies), but the ecosystem necessary to sustain it could be crippled by such efforts.
"If the free market can fix a particular problem it's this one.  For years the baby boomers have been extolling the virtues of the free market to solve any problem.  After all the free market is the most efficient way of meeting infinite demand with scarce resources...or so I'm told - supply and demand...etc.  The problem the C suite is now realizing is this:  Once the baby boomers leave, that ""shortage"" will drive up prices/wages for those with the necessary skills.  It always happens when there is a labor shortage (revisit the .com boom of the late 90's).  Mahogany row will try like hell to avoid this, but it will happen.  Look for the business executives to pressure government to increase H-1B visas claiming that there are no workers with the necessary skills to be found here, so we must import workers.  Educating and training people takes time, and when your timeline based in quarterly earnings reports, you simply don't have time to educate and retrain.  So long as unemployment is high we should not be importing workers for ANY reason.  If executives see their talent pool retiring they need to open their wallets and pay market price for their replacements."
Going the same route. Signing up with a prop shop with a 5k deposit, levered 20x, 100% commission, .003 (I think) fee per share. Studying for my S7 now. Basically, I'm using this as a proving ground and look to leverage this position for a more prestigious one at a prop shop that salaries/provides capital
People need to start going to prison for this.  That's the only way I'll go back to the market.  Earlier this year, I dumped all my securities and rolled it into real property.  I don't care if its value fluctuates.  It's tangible and has actual use.  The market is just a bunch of numbers, dripping with fraud, lies and bullshit.
Not harsh enough in my book. I don't feel like going on a long diatribe but the money is spent poorly and few do anything of value. Society would be better off if the money was spent on infrastructure. But it's taboo to criticise because people mean well.
You've still missed the point.  I said IQ has cultural bias. Based on your own sources you either believe that or you believe African Americans are stupider than whites.  Those are your choices.  Either the test has issues across cultures and races or black people are stupider than white people. Pick one and stick with it. There's no third option. Either blacks ate stupid or the test is broken. Stop pussyfooting around and say it.
Whatsapp Application is either free or a paid application for iOS users, depending on the region. In India they charge $1 at the time of downloading the application. In the US, it's free for the first year, and then a $1 per year subscription (though the initial app download is free). This is one of their revenue sources which I know of.
"As indicated in comments, this is common practice in the US as well as EU.  For example, in this Fox Business article, a user had basically the same experience: their card was replaced but without the specific merchant being disclosed.  When the reporter contacted Visa, they were told: ""We also believe that the public interest is best served by quickly notifying financial institutions with the information necessary to protect themselves and their cardholders from fraud losses. Even a slight delay in notification to financial institutions could be costly,” the spokesperson said in an e-mail statement. “Visa works with the breached entity to collect the necessary information and provides payment card issuers with the affected account numbers so they can take steps to protect consumers through independent fraud monitoring, and if needed, reissuing cards. The most critical information needed is the affected accounts, which Visa works to provide as quickly as possible.” What they're not saying, of course, is that it's in Visa's best interests that merchants let Visa know right away when a leak occurs, without having to think about whether it's going to screw that merchant over in the press.  If the merchant has to consider PR, they may not let the networks know in as timely of a fashion - they may at least wait until they've verified the issue in more detail, or even wait until they've found who to pin it on so they don't get blamed. But beyond that, the point is that it's easier for the network (Visa/Mastercard/etc.) to have a system that's just a list of card numbers to submit to the bank for re-issuing; nobody there really cares which merchant was at fault, they just want to re-issue the cards quickly.  Letting you know who's at fault is separate.  There's little reason for the issuing bank to ever know; you should find out from the merchant themselves or from the network (and in my experience, usually the former). Eventually you may well find out - the article suggest that: [T]he situation is common, but there is some good news: consumers do in many cases find out the source of the breach. But of course doesn't go into detail about numbers."
Buy puts on stock holdings buy puts on indexes  look at volatility etfs and silver/gold etf s. Calling a market top is hard people hVe tried for 8 years now.  90 of protection via options expires worthless.  Who knows if we have another crash. I don't call tops or bottoms if we start falling then I'll look at protection and play the downside
"You're in good shape as long as your income stays. Your only variable-rate debt now is your private student loan.  I think you'd be wise to pay that down first, and you sense that already. Worst-case, in the event of a bankruptcy, student loans usually cannot be discharged, so that isn't a way out. Once that loan is gone, apply what you were paying to your other student loan to knock that out. You might investigate refinancing your home (to another 30-year fixed).  You may be able to shave a half-percent off if your credit is stellar.  Given the size of the mortgage, this could be several thousand out of pocket, so consider that when figuring out potential payback time. Consider using any ""free time"" to starting up a side business (I'm assuming you both have day jobs but that may not be a correct assumption).  Start with what you know well.  You and your wife are experts in something, and have passion about something.  Go with that.  Use the extra income from that to either pay down your debts faster, or just reinvest in the business so that you can offset the income on your taxes. Again, you're in good shape.  Just do what you can to protect and grow your income streams."
You should be recording the reimbursement as a negative expense on the original account the expense was recorded. Let's assume you have a $100 expense and $100 salary. Total $200 paycheck. You will have something like this In the reports, it will show that the expense account will have $0 ($100 + ($100)), while income account will have $100 (salary).
"You are ""pool[ing] the sales from both houses as downpayment on the new house."" But they are going to pay you rent.  Your question as it stands, just opens more questions. What, exactly is the ownership of the new house? If your's (and your wife's) was the money a gift?  Ignoring the gift, if that's what it is, and if the in-law suite is 25% of the house value, you have a rental. You claim 25% of the expenses, including property tax and mortgage interest, along with 25% of the utilities, unless their part has its own meters.  That's a start, if you add details, I may edit my answer. (Not to be pedantic, but whose parents are they. They can't be ""our in-laws,"" can they?)"
"(Disclosure - PeerStreet was at FinCon, a financial blogger conference I attended last month. I had the chance to briefly meet a couple people from this company. Also, I recognize a number of the names of their financial backers. This doesn't guarantee anything, of course, except the people behind the scenes are no slackers.) The same way Prosper and Lending Club have created a market for personal loans, this is a company that offers real estate loans.  The ""too good to be true"" aspect is what I'll try to address. I've disclosed in other answers that I have my Real Estate license. Earlier this year, I sold a house that was financed with a ""Hard Money"" loan. Not a bank, but a group of investors. They charged the buyer 10%. Let me state - I represented the seller, and when I found out the terms of the loan, it would have been a breach of my own moral and legal responsibility to her to do anything to kill the deal. I felt sick for days after that sale.  There are many people with little credit history who are hard workers and have saved their 20% down. For PeerStreet, 25%. The same way there's a business, local to my area, that offered a 10% loan, PeerStreet is doing something similar but in a 'crowd sourced' way. It seems to me that since they show the duration as only 6-24 months, the buyer typically manages to refinance during that time. I'm guessing that these may be people who are selling their house, but have bad timing, i.e. they need to first close on the sale to qualify to buy the new home. Or simply need the time to get their regular loan approved.  (As a final side note - I recalled the 10% story in a social setting, and more than one person responded they'd have been happy to invest their money at 6%. I could have saved the buyer 4% and gotten someone else nearly 6% more than they get on their cash.)"
"The time value of money is very important in understanding this issue.  Money today is worth more than money next year, two years from now, etc. It's a well understood economics concept, and well worth reading about if you have some, well, time. Not only is money literally worth more now than later due to inflation, but there is the simple fact that, assuming you have money for the purpose of doing something, being able to do that thing today is better than doing that same thing tomorrow.  ""A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush"" gets to this rather directly; having it now is better than probably having it later.  Would you rather have a nice meal tonight, or eat beans and rice tonight and then have the same nice meal next year? That's why interest exists, in part: you're offered some money now, for more money later; or in the case of buying a bond, you're offered more money later for some money now.  The fact that people have different discount rates for money later is why the loan market can exist: people with more money than they can use now have a lower discount for future money than people who really need money right now (to buy a house, to pay their rent, whatever).   So when choosing to buy a bond, you look at the money you're going to get, both over the short term (the coupon rate) and the long term (the face value), and you consider whether $80 now is worth $100 in 20 years, plus $2 per year.  For some people it is - for some people it isn't, and that's why the price is as it is ($80).  Odds are if you have a few thousand USD, you're probably not going to be interested in this - or if you have a very long term outlook; there are better ways to make money over that long term.  But, if you're a bank needing a secure investment that won't lose value, or a trust that needs high stability, you might be willing to take that deal."
I'm talking about day trading here. Automated day trading never worked for me. But I will also admit I am terrible at automated day trading. I'm sorry if the premise of my post sounds off. I know it sounds like I'm being an idiot by not going the automated route, but it works for me and that's why I'm going to stick with my own techniques. Why change it if it's working?
How do I get into Harvard Business School? I'm starting my first year in college next year and had to pass up Harvard (dream school) and two other ivies to go to my state school for financial reasons.   I don't have to decide my major for two years. What should I do (classes, internships/work experience, major, etc.) to get into HBS? What tests do I need and what are the important parts of MBA application?    Also, what jobs open up to someone with an MBA. I understand that this is a good way to get into Investment Banking? What level/salary would I start at and what other jobs/fields/companies do MBAs get hired for.   What are other good business schools? How good is UVAs Darden?
"You've asked a number of questions. I can answer a few. I've quoted your question before each answer.   What are the ins and outs of a foreigner like myself buying rental   property in Canada? This is a pretty broad question which can address location, finances, basic suggestions etc.  Here's some things to consider: Provincial considerations:  Some ins and outs will depend on what province you are considering and what area in that Province. If you plan on owning in Montreal, for example, that's in the province of Quebec and that means you (or someone) will need to be able to operate in the French language. There are other things that might be different from province to province. See stat info below. Canadian vs. US Dollar:  Now might be a great time to buy property in Canada since the Canada dollar is weak right now. To give you an idea, at a non-cash rate of 1.2846, a little over $76,000 US will get you over $100k Canadian. That's using the currency converter at rbcroyalbank.com.  Taxes for non-resident rental property owners:  According to the T4144 Income Tax Guide for Electing Under Section 216 – 2015: ""When you receive rental income from real or immovable property in Canada, the payer, such as the tenant or a property manager, has to withhold non-resident tax at the rate of 25% on the gross rental income paid or credited to you. The payer has to pay us the tax on or before the 15th day of the month following the month the rental income is paid or credited to you."" If you prefer to send a separate Canadian tax return, you can choose to elect under section 216 of the Income Tax Act. A benefit of this way is that ""electing under section 216 allows you to pay tax on your net Canadian-source rental income instead of on the gross amount. If the non-resident tax withheld by the payer is more than the amount of tax payable calculated on your section 216 return, [they] will refund the excess to you.""  You can find this guide at Canada Revenue's site: http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pub/tg/t4144/README.html Stats: A good place for stats is the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC).  So, if you are interesting in vacancy rates for example, you can see a table that will show you that the vacancy rate in Ontario is 2.3% and in British Columbia it's 1.5%.  However, in New Brunswick it's 8%. The rate for metropolitan areas across Canada is 2.8%.  If you want to see or download this table showing the vacancy rates by province and also by metropolitan areas, go to the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation site http://www.cmhc.ca/housingmarketinformation/.  You can get all sorts of housing information, reports and market information there.  I've done well with Condos/Town-homes and would be interested in the   same thing over there. Is it pretty much all the same? See the stat site mentioned above to get market info about condos, etc. What are the down payment requirements? For non-owner occupied properties, the down payment is at least 20%. Update in response to comments about being double taxed: Regarding being taxed on income received from the property, if you claim the foreign tax credit you will not be double taxed. According to the IRS, ""The foreign tax credit intends to reduce the double tax burden that would otherwise arise when foreign source income is taxed by both the United States and the foreign country from which the income is derived.""  (from IRS Topic 856 - Foreign Tax Credit)   About property taxes: From my understanding, these would not be claimed for the foreign tax credit but can be deducted as business expenses. There are various exceptions and stipulations based on your circumstance, so you need to read Publication 856 - Foreign Tax Credit for Individuals.  Here's an excerpt: ""In most  cases,  only  foreign  income  taxes  qualify for the foreign tax credit. Other taxes, such as foreign real and personal property taxes, do not qualify.  But  you  may  be  able  to  deduct  these other  taxes  even  if  you  claim  the  foreign  tax credit for foreign income taxes. In most cases, you can deduct these other taxes  only  if  they  are  expenses incurred  in  a trade  or  business  or  in  the  production  of  in­come.  However,  you  can  deduct  foreign  real property taxes that are not trade or business ex­penses  as  an  itemized  deduction  on  Sched­ule A (Form 1040)."" Disclaimers:  Sources: IRS Topic 514 Foreign Tax Credit and Publication 856 Foreign Tax Credit for Individuals"
"You'll generally get a number close to market cap of a mature company if you divide profits (or more accurately its free cash flow to equity) by the cost of equity which is usually something like ~7%.    The value is meant to represent the amount of cash you'd need to generate investment income off it matching the company you're looking at. Imagine it as asking ""How much money do I need to put into the bank so that my interest income would match the profits of the company I'm looking at"". Except replace the bank with the market and other forms of investments that generate higher returns of course and that value would be lower."
I think the primary reason you're being down voted is because of the way you address people who align themselves with left wing ideology.  Let's either call them all foolish, or none of them.  I prefer calling them all foolish, one stream lined school of thought is rather repugnant.    Anyway, Your points on equality are spot on (theoretically), handicapping applicants based on values that should already be overlooked is introducing a bias to correct another bias, it's a short term strategy and for what it's worth I agree with you.  That is, I would if racism/classism/genderism didn't exist in practice.  The problem is what is actually observed in the real world, all too often better candidates for a job are excluded in favor for those who are of similar religion or race as the employer, when the cast offs would perform better at the job.  It is virtually never the other way around, where someone of a weaker skill set is forced on the job to fill a government implemented quota, and if it is the case, it is also usually done deliberately, choosing a very weak candidate to appeal to the government in attempts to exonerate themselves from those particular laws.    My focus point:  And sure it's your choice as an employer to bring on whoever you want, that's piece of mind for you, the employer, you've created the company that you wanted, but it's not the BEST IT COULD BE in terms of production purposes for society because the employer hasn't assembled the best possible work force with it's available applicants.  It is here that we see there are negative externalities on the public, as inefficiency rises due to class/race/gender favoritism being chosen over ability.  Employing people to help create your master vision fundamentally incorporates compromise, for the betterment of society.
I like precious metals and real estate. For the OP's stated timeframe and the effects QE is having on precious metals, physical silver is not a recommended short term play. If you believe that silver prices will fall as QE is reduced, you may want to consider an ETF that shorts silver.  As for real estate, there are a number of ways to generate profit within your time frame. These include: Purchase a rental property. If you can find something in the $120,000 range you can take a 20% mortgage, then refinance in 3 - 7 years and pull out the equity.  If you truly do not need the cash to purchase your dream home, look for a rental property that pays all the bills plus a little bit for you and arrange a mortgage of 80%. Let your money earn money. When you are ready you can either keep the property as-is and let it generate income for you, or sell and put more than $100,000 into your dream home. Visit your local mortgage broker and ask if he does third-party or private lending. Ask about the process and if you feel comfortable with him, let him know you'd like to be a lender. He will then find deals and present them to you. You decide if you want to participate or not. Private lenders are sometimes used for bridge financing and the loan amortizations can be short (6 months - 5 years) and the rates can be significantly higher than regular bank mortgages. The caveat is that as a second-position mortgage, if the borrower goes bankrupt, you're not likely to get your principal back.
S & P's site has a methodology link that contains the following which may be of use: Market Capitalization. Unadjusted market capitalization of US$ 4.6   billion or more for  the S&P 500, US$ 1.2 billion to US$ 5.1 billion   for the S&P MidCap 400, and US$ 350  million to US$ 1.6 billion for   the S&P SmallCap 600. The market cap of a potential  addition to an   index is looked at in the context of its short- and medium-term   historical  trends, as well as those of its industry. These ranges are   reviewed from time to time to  assure consistency with market   conditions.  Liquidity. Adequate liquidity and reasonable price – the   ratio of annual dollar value  traded to float adjusted market   capitalization should be 1.00 or greater, and the company  should   trade a minimum of 250,000 shares in each of the six months leading up   to the  evaluation date.  Domicile. U.S. companies. For index purposes,   a U.S. company has the following  characteristics:  The final determination of domicile eligibility is made by the U.S.   Index Committee.
"Well you're clearly misinformed. Read ""When the music stopped"" - so many factors went into the crisis. JPM did NOT need the bailout money. Regarding all banks failing, I think the financial system as a whole would've taken a massive hit with letting Lehman fail and not stepping in but to say that ""all banks"" would've failed is inaccurate. No one really knows how extreme the fallout would've been without the cash surge."
In this case, trust the real estate agent; negotiating experience is one of the things you selected them for. Especially if they're suggesting a lower number than you expected, since they get paid on commission and so may be biased the other way.  Part of their job is to look for hints about how motivated this seller is and what price they might accept, as opposed to what price they hope to get.  And remember that the default assumption is that the two parties will meet in the middle somewhere, which means it's customary to offer 10% less to signal that you could probably be talked into it if they drop the price about 5%. This is like bridge-hand bidding: it's a semi-formalized system of hints about levels of interest, except with fewer conventions and less rationality. As far as the seller paying the closing costs: that's really part of the same negotiation, and doing it that way makes the discussion more complicated for the seller since they need to figure out how much more to charge you to cover this cost. If they offer, great, factor that into what you are willing to pay... but I wouldn't assume it or ask for it. Edit: Yes, unless you have engaged a Buyer's Agent (which I recommend for first-time buyers and maybe all huyers), their fiduciary duty is to the seller. But part of that duty is to make the sale happen. If the price goes too high and you walk away, neither the agent nor the seller make money. A bad agent can be as bad as a bad car salesman, sure. But if you don't like and mostly trust your agent, you are working with the wrong agent. That doesn't mean you give them every bit of information the seller might want, but it does mean you probably want to listen to their input and understand their rationalle before deciding what your own strategy will be.
"Let's not trade insults. I understand defined benefit plans better than you think. Of course offering a lump-sum payout NOW is better for the company. If you think of the lifetime value of the pension, then yeah, it's ""worse"" for the recipient... but exactly like lottery winners, this is just a question of my personal discount rate. Maybe I want/need that money now, and value it more now than I would in 10/20/30 years. So it's a question for each individual to decide."
"I don't think that there is a generic answer that will apply to this question across all goods.  The answer depends on how the related businesses work, how much insight you have into the true value of the goods, and probably other things.  Your car example is a good one that shows multiple options - There are dealers who will buy as a single transaction, sell as a single transaction, or do a simultaneous sell with trade-in.  I had a hot tub once, on the other hand, where I could find people who would do a trade-in, but there was no dealer who would just buy my used tub.  There's not much parallel between the car and the tub because the options available are very different. To the extent that there is a generic answer, I generally agree with the point in @keshlam's answer about trying to avoid entrapment, but I take a slightly different view.  If you want to get your best deal, you need to have an idea going into the process of what you want in net and keep focused on meeting your goal. If for some reason, it's convenient for the dealer to ""move money around"" between the new car and the trade-in, I'm ok with that as long as I'm getting what I want out of the deal.  If possible, I prefer to deal with both transactions at once because it's simpler.  At the same time, I'm willing to remove the trade-in from the deal if I'm not getting what I want. (Threatening to do so can also give you some information about where the dealer really puts the value between the new car and trade-in since, if you threaten to pull the trade-in, the price on the car will probably change in response.)"
The price action is... untradeable. You have money flying in and out of trades without reason. Apple down? Then amzn goes up as tech trader cash tries to find a new trend. But trends are not materializing.  There is no consensus between the news, trends the technical indicators, money managers... Just stay clear till the dust settles. Us dollars should be ok. Gold isnt even that reliable as qe3 is not certain.  I think everything is heafing down en mass in the market but there is residual lunatic optimisim out there making shorts dangerous. I guess you could sell the highs.
According to the answers to this question, you generally aren't taxed on gains until you sell the asset in question. None of those answered specifically for the U.K., so perhaps someone else will be able to weigh in on that. To apply those ideas to your question, yes your gains and losses are taxable. If you originally traded something worth $100 for the bitcoins, then when you converted back to dollars you received $200, you would have a $100 gain, simply on the foreign exchange trade. That is, this $100 of income is in addition to any income you made from your business (selling goods).
Lending is not a charitable contribution. Its an investment. If the loan becomes a bad debt - you'll have to show that it had become a bad debt. For example - bankruptcy declaration. You'll have to show an arm's length transaction, for example - real intention to repay (evidenced by payments of principal and interest made). Otherwise if you have an intention for the loan to never be repaid, it is in fact a gift, which is not only not deductible - its taxable. Bottom line - be careful and talk to a EA/CPA to get a proper advice with regards to a specific transaction. Edit to answer your revised question: you're not going to pay taxes if you're not going to have gains. However, if you lose the principal, in addition to the said above you would incur the loss as a personal bad debt, and not business. This is because it is not investment. The difference is in tax treatment: personal bad debt is a short-term capital loss (limited deduction), business is an ordinary loss.
Zero. Zero is reasonable. That's what Schwab offers with a low minimum to open the IRA.  The fact is, you'll have expenses for the investments, whether a commission on stock purchase or ongoing expense of a fund or ETF. But, in my opinion, .25% is criminal. An S&P fund or ETF will have a sub-.10% expense. To spend .25% before any other fees are added is just wrong.
"The emphasis of ""stop loss"" is ""stop"", not ""loss"". Stop and long term are contradictory. After you stop, what are you going to do with your cash? Since it's long term, you still have 5+ years to before you use the money, do you simply park everything in 0.5% savings account? On the other hand, if your investment holds N stocks and one has dropped a lot, you are free to switch to another one. This is just an investment strategy and you are still in the market."
You don't have to think it is going down, it is currently trending down as on a weekly chart there are lower lows and lower highs. Until there is a higher low with confirmation of a higher high, the downtrend will continue.  The instrument you use to profit from a market drop depends on your risk profile, the time frame you are looking at, and your trading plan and risk management. With a put option your loss is limited to your initial premium and your potential profits can be quite large compared to the premium paid, however your timeframe is limited to the expiry of the option. You could buy a longer dated option but this will cost more in the premium you pay. With inverse ETF you are not restricted by an expiry date, but if you don't have appropriate risk management in place your potential losses can be large. With a leveraged inverse ETF again you are not restricted by an expiry date, you can potentially make higher percentage profits than with an standard ETF. but once again your losses can be very large (larger than you initial investment) if you don't have appropriate risk management in place.
Maybe someone can ELI5 for me: If Obama does happen to raise taxes on businesses, those increased taxes are only on profits, as the taxes were only on profit before. So if a small business loses a little more of its profit, why should it have to lay off people? It still meets its overhead and makes some profit right? Is some % of profit required for a company to keep it's current level of staff?
I'm fine with taking care of me and mine. If I have the opportunity. The more that opportunity is squeezed, the more I'll go looking for the people squeezing it and capturing most of the income. Upper classes who don't realize this tend to see pitchforks out their windows.
Local currency (United States Dollar-USD) and foreign currencies: no restrictions, provided that arriving and departing passengers must report to US customs any money or other monetary instruments exceeding USD 10,000.-. Gold: Importation of gold coins or small, non-commercial quantities of gold must be declared upon arrival. If you are looking for some specific asstes and not just cash, elabotare on details like
"What benefit do I get from buying a share The value of any financial asset is its ability to generate cash in the future, and thus the ""value"" of a share is heavily influenced by the dividends it pays and the equity value.  The equity value can be calculated different ways. Two common ways are to just take ""book"" value, meaning assets - liabilities, or you can look at the projected free cash flows of the company discounted back to the present time. Voting rights don't typically influence a share price except in hostile takeover scenarios (meaning someone buys up a lot of shares to have more influence in company decisions)"
1)  It sounds like you don't have a credit card, good.  Take our ATM card and freeze it in a block of ice.  Leave it in the freezer. 2)  Get on a budget.  A budget is a plan to spend your money.  The best plans are those that are made ahead of time.  For the record, budgeting is a skill and you will probably be bad at it for the first few times. 3)  Withdraw cash from the bank account that you will need for the week.  Once that money is gone, you are done spending until the next week.  If you are still having trouble with this do it daily.  Let's say you budget 300 for the month's spending.  Go to the bank, take out 10 each day.  You can carry money over from day-to-day, but never take out more.  You can never spend more than you have because your ATM is in ice. 4)  Find a friend who is good with money.  Ask them to help you by giving guidance and oversight.
AI will take much more jobs than it creates. **The whole idea of AI is to take jobs away from humans.**  The government can control this by regulations.  For example, make a law that all customer service, specifically talking to people when doing work for them, must be done by humans.  Then, AI is just a tool at the hands of humans.  Chances the government make such laws: very very small. They care more about saving money for corporations than the well being of people.
I know this will probably be met with derision but...  Get a job and save up the money for school.  This has the benefit of not having a debt accrue that you will have to pay off after you get out of school.  Take an entry level position in a field related to your study.  Sacrifice your desires but take care of your needs.  Anything left over pay off your old tuition and then save for future tuition. Also when you feel the money you are spending for college because you remember the hard work that went into earning it, you respect it more.  If you get a position in the field you want to study you can look at how to apply those lessons you are learning.  It will make your education more meaningful as well.  If you do well you may have a good job to start out right out of college.
Your cost of platform is built into your commission rates...SC is free if I sign up to a broker that charges more commissions. Right now I am with IB as my broker. With the cost of my charting, if I were to make 10 round turns per month, I would pay $4.50 per side commission on FOREX, $3.25 per side on EQUITIES. Still a better deal than ToS.
I dread dealing with bloomberg support about any API issues because if you're not using excel they have absolutely no idea what to do; but it takes about a day of back and forth e-mails because they can connect you with someone who does.
I don't get it. Are you saying they did commit fraud but it's hard to pin on any one person? You say there is little evidence there was fraud but that it's too hard to prove there was fraud. So what did they do if it wasn't fraud? This is what wikipedia says happened:   &gt;The subprime mortgage crisis arose from 'bundling' American subprime and American regular mortgages into MBSs which were traditionally isolated from, and sold in a separate market from prime loans. These 'bundles' of mixed (prime and subprime) mortgages were the basis asset-backed securities so the 'probable' rate of return looked superb (since subprime lenders pay higher premiums, and the loans were anyway secured against saleable real-estate, and so, theoretically 'could not fail').  If selling shit you know is bad but looks good to investors isn't fraud I don't know what is.   &gt;Fraud is deception deliberately practiced in order to secure unfair or unlawful gain.
$70k (plus 5-10% annual bonuses and medical/dental/vision 100% employer-paid) compared to $55k at my last gig (for a 28-year-old with a philosophy degree, I'm not complaining).  It's in San Diego, so CoL is pretty high.  I'm just happy that I'll be able to pay off my student loans.
Yes, as long as you write a call against your stock with a strike price greater than or equal to the previous day's closing price, with 30 or more days till experation there will be no effect on the holding period of your stock. Like you mentioned, unqualified covered calls suspend the holding period of your stock.  For example you sell a deep in the money call (sometimes called the last write) on a stock you have held for 5 years, the covered call is classified as unqualified, the holding period is suspened and the gain or loss on the stock will be treated as short-term. Selling out of the money calls or trading in an IRA account keeps things simple. The details below have been summarized from an article I found at investorsguide.com.  The article also talks about the implications of rolling a call forward and tax situations where it may be advantageous to write unqualified covered calls (basically when you have a large deferred long term loss). http://www.investorguide.com/article/12618/qualified-covered-calls-special-rules-wo/ Two criterion must be met for a covered call to be considered a qualified covered call (QCC). 1) days to expiration must be greater than 30 2) strike price must be greater than or equal to the first available in the money strike price below the previous day's closing price for a particular stock.  Additionally, if the previous day's closing price is $25 or less, the strike price of the call being sold must be greater than 85% of yesterday's closing price. 2a) If the previous day's closing price is greater than 60.01 and less than or equal to $150, days to experation is between 60-90, as long as the strike price of the call is greater than 85% of the previous days close and less than 10 points in the money, you can write a covered call two strikes in the money 2c) If the previous day's closing price is greater than $150 and days till expiration is greater than 90, you can write a covered call two strikes in the money.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.philly.com/philly/business/vanguard-got-everything-it-ever-wanted-now-what-20170717.html) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; I think it&amp;#039;s safe to say that 40 years after Vanguard founder John Bogle set out to convince investors that low-cost indexing is better, Vanguard has won the argument.  &gt; As Bloomberg News reported last week, Vanguard is facing &amp;quot;a rise in customer complaints such as accounting errors and longer wait times on phone calls.&amp;quot; No one should take for granted that Vanguard will be able to handle its surging popularity.  &gt; Vanguard is the best thing that ever happened to investors.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6o5kzr/vanguard_got_everything_it_ever_wanted_now_what/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~170145 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Vanguard**^#1 **investors**^#2 **year**^#3 **During**^#4 **fund**^#5"
"It was so awesome (like a really good bowel movement) to hear the congresscritters start to say ""fortress balance sheet"" in a sarcastic and slightly taunting way.  Well deserved given that most of the fortress is due to the government TBTF backstop."
The point of what you heard is likely that gold is thought by some to hold its value well, when the money market would provide negative interest rates. These negative interest rates are a sign of deflation, where cash money is worth more in the future than it is today.  Normally, under inflation, cash money is worth less in the future than it is today. Under 'normal' circumstances where inflation exists, interest paid by the bank on money held there generally keeps up with inflation + a little bit extra. Now, we are seeing many banks offering interest rates in the negatives, which is an acknowledgement of the fact that money will be worth more in the future than it is today. So in that sense, holding physical gold 'fights' deflation [or, negative interest rates], in the same way that holding physical cash does [because if you hold onto a $10k bundle of bills, in 10 years you can walk into a bank and it will be worth $10k in future dollars - which in a deflationary market would be more than it is worth today]. Some view gold as being better at doing this than just holding cash, but that discussion gets into an analysis of the value of paper money as a currency, which is outside the scope of this answer.  Suffice to say, I do not personally like the idea of buying gold as an investment, but some do, and partly for this reason.
"They are called ""financial products"" because they are contracts that are ""produced"" by the financial industry. For example, you could also say that a car manufacturer does not sell you a car, but a contract that will gives you ownership of a car. And, if a contract is a service and not product, in that case a car manufacturer is only selling services. It seems like it is more about the definition of ""product"" than ""financial product"". I think that as long as something is produced by the effort of labor, it could be called a product, and since financial contracts are produced by the people working in the finance industry, they can be qualified as products too. Maybe this page of wikipedia could explain things better than I just did: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Product_%28business%29"
"College is an institution that's modern purpose is obscured and obstructed by outdated ideas about what it used to be.      College nowadays is de facto vocational training for white collar professions. But college used to be a place of learning, knowledge, discovery, and inquiry for pure academics, intellectuals, and wealthy scions.       People go to college as a prerequisite for a career, but instead encounter a culture of learning for learning's sake, a system originally designed to turn independently wealthy gentlemen into erudite gentlemen.        As they are today, the majority of colleges are traps for unwitting, would-be workers. For all the high school graduates that go to college for the hope of a better life, a high percentage are lured and deceived into learning that amounts to the theft of four years and their tuition, including majors like archaeology or history.      Whatever the value of such horizon broadening is to society, it is wrong to ask students to pay the bill for irrelevant learning.    It is unconscionable that today's employers expect employees to have financed the cost of a small house to be qualified to sit at a desk, answer phone calls, and fill out a spreadsheet for less than $40,000 per year.   Meanwhile, colleges cling to their delusional self-image as academic institutions. How many majors actually prepare students to get a career? A handful of majors have obvious specific outcomes, like dentistry or computer science, though even the most basic programming job is more specialized than ""CS graduate."" How many people major in front-end web development? What job does Business Administration prepare students for? ""Business."" Learn the same thing from a degree called project management and that student goes from unemployed to earning six figures.   Academic colleges have their place, but we should have a system that provides credentials and focused, relevant instruction in less than two years with job specific training, marketable skills, and job placement for much, much less money.   I propose that colleges be separated out into academic institutions and white collar vocational schools, and that they be given equal prestige, academic rigorousness, and consideration for entry level white collar work."
Answering for US tax only: The bank account makes absolutely zero difference.  If you are not a US national and not resident in the US, but earn income from a US employer/client/customer, generally that income is not subject to US tax (no matter where it is banked). However there are (complicated) exceptions, particularly if you are considered to be operating a 'trade or business' in the US or US real estate is involved. Start at https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/nonresident-aliens and proceed through pub 519 if you have time to spend. I do not know (or answer) about Argentinian taxes. Whether you can find a US bank that wants to open and maintain an account for a foreigner (which is extra paperwork and regulation for them) is a different Q, that is already asked and answered: B1/B2 visas do not allow you to work, but that isn't really in scope of money.SX and belongs over on travel.SX (or expatriates.SX for longer stay);  https://travel.stackexchange.com/questions/25416/work-as-freelancer-while-tourist-in-us-for-an-already-existing-us-client seems to cover it.
"Ah, I see what you mean, then.  But if you die at 57, being hit by a bus, those self-invested funds won't help the general social welfare of the union. Instead 1/3 would go to some estate tax, and the rest are left to the designated appointee of your choosing.   This soulless system helps the general populace a bit more directly.  That is the theory, anyways.  *edit: what I mean to say is, you still perceive that money as your own, like some compulsory retirement savings plan. I see it more as tax revenue,math little to no guarantee I will personally benefit from it directly any more than the general benefit it provides to This Great Union."""
It's not necessarily the case that HFT acts as a tax on small traders. I haven't seen any studies demonstrating that HFT increases the average cost of shares; if anything small investors will be largely unaffected by HFT as it will be random noise to them, sometimes creating a slight increase, sometimes a slight decrease. The people most affected by HFT are institutional investors, whom HFT desks are pretty good at predicting the order pattern of and hence exploiting. They have no interest or capacity to exploit the small guys.
I'm not familiar with US tax law in particular, but the general principle around the world tends to be that interest-free or low-interest loans are taxed as gifts of the difference between a commercial interest charge and the actual interest charged. You could also forgive ($13,000 - waived interest) of the loan each year. Also, remember that there's a lifetime exemption (covering inheritance as well) of $1,000,000 which can be used for any amounts over the $13,000.
From my understanding by paying your bills more than 5 days late will not lead you into bankruptcy or stop you from getting a new loan in the future, however it may mean that lenders offer you credit at a higher interest rate. This of course would not help you as you are already struggling with your finances. However, no matter how bad you think things might be for you financially, there are always things you can do to improve your situation. Set a Budget The first thing you must do is to set a budget. List down all sources of income you receive each month, including any allowances. Then list all your sources of expenses and spending. List all your bills such as rent, telephone, electricity, car maintenance, credit card and other loans. Keep a diary for a month for all your discretionary spending - including coffees, lunches, and other odd bits and ends. You can also talk with your existing lenders and come to some agreement on reducing you interest rates on your debts and the repayments. But remember any reduction in repayments may increase your repayment period and the total interest you have to pay in the long term. If you need help setting up your budget here are some links to resources you can download to help you get started: Once you set up your budget you want your total income to be more than your total expenses. If it isn't you will be getting further and further behind each month. Some things you can do are to increase your income - get a job/second job, sell some unwanted items, or start a small home business. Some things you can do to reduce your expenses - make coffees and lunches at home before going out and buying these, pay off higher interest debts first, consolidate all your debts into a lower interest rate loan, reduce discretionary spending to an absolute minimum, cancel all unnecessary services, etc. Debt Consolidation In regards to a Debt Consolidation for your existing personal loans and credit cards into a single lower interest rate loan can be a good idea, but there are some pitfalls you should consider. Manly, if you are taking out a loan with a lower interest rate but a longer term to pay it off, you may end up paying less in monthly repayments but will end up paying more interest in the long run. If you do take this course of action try to keep your term to no longer than your current debt's terms, and try to keep your repayments as high as possible to pay the debt off as soon as possible and reduce any interest you have to pay. Again be wary of the fine print and read the PDS of any products you are thinking of getting. Refer to ASIC - Money Smart website for more valuable information you should consider before taking out any debt consolidation. Assistance improving your skills and getting a higher paid job If you are finding it hard to get a job, especially one that pays a bit more, look into your options of doing a course and improving your skills. There is plenty of assistance available for those wanting to improve their skills in order to improve their chances of getting a better job. Check out Centrelink's website for more information on Payments for students and trainees. Other Action You Can Take If you are finding that the repayments are really getting out of hand and no one will help you with any debt consolidation or reducing your interest rates on your debts, as a last resort you can apply for a Part 9 debt agreement. But be very careful as this is an alternative to bankruptcy, and like bankruptcy a debt agreement will appear on your credit file for seven years and your name will be listed on the National Personal Insolvency Index forever. Further Assistance and Help If you have trouble reading any PDS, or want further information or help regarding any issues I have raised or any other part of your financial situation you can contact Centrelink's Financial Information Service. They provide a free and confidential service that provides education and information on financial and lifestyle issues to all Australians. Learn how to manage your money so you can get out of your debt and can lead a much more comfortable and less stressful life into the future.
The liquidity primarily depends on the specific equity type / position you are looking at. You want to look for stocks or ETFs that have significant volume themselves before trying to jump into an option contract. The most important things you should look at are Volume and Open Interest for the specific contracts, strikes, and expiration. Near the money / in the money contracts from near term expiration tend to have the highest liquidity and the smallest (relative) spreads.
Given some of the first few comments [like this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6hmdwf/amazon_is_buying_whole_foods/dizdu6b/), no it was not.  But I really wish you the best of luck in your future snarky replies, and dramatic de-douchifying edits of them to help you save face. I hope you make lots of karma, okay?
As Americans we seem to have lost the ability to see the simple truth right in front of us. Its not just RT, its what the world is telling us, take your pick, yet we get our marching orders from Tel Aviv  I will fucking move to Timbuktu before Zuckerberg becomes the US president and all our children wear gender neutral uniforms to school
Huh. It appears it's only currencies in sterling that are fully exempt. https://www.gov.uk/hmrc-internal-manuals/capital-gains-manual/cg12602   Government manuals are more detailed than .gov but still not perfect as it's HMRCs interpretation of legislation and has been overturned in the past.  There is also another (old) article here about foreign currency transactions. https://www.taxation.co.uk/articles/2010/10/27/21191/currency-gains  I have never come across forex capital gains in practice but I've learnt something today! Something to look out for in the UK as well I guess.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/7/15933674/video-games-job-supply) reduced by 93%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; New research shows that the lure of computers - and video games in particular - has played a role in keeping young men from working.  &gt; What the group of researchers discovered was fascinating: The value of young men&amp;#039;s leisure time was increasing, and the allure of video games played a small but significant role in why they were working less.  &gt; Hurst&amp;#039;s research suggests that jobs need to pay a lot more to make work seem more appealing to young men - which would, in theory, make work seem more worthwhile than playing video games.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6m3fs9/the_unexpected_economic_consequences_of_video/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~162548 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **work**^#1 **men**^#2 **Job**^#3 **more**^#4 **young**^#5"
Many people think that there is no solution for hair loss. They believe that once hair is gone, it is forever. Thanks to progressive hair care technology, this belief has been proved wrong. One of the most reputable clinics conducts hair transplant in Noida. Those suffering from hair loss without any other reason can choose to undergo this procedure and regain their lush mane.
&gt;I just wish people who hate on keynesian policies (which while not perfect, are not as terrible as people point them out to be) would at least acknowledge that Keynes advocated maintaining budget surpluses when the economy is doing fine/alright.  I do acknowledge that. However, the powers that be that implement Keynesian policies these days don't see that. Nor do they recognize that Keynes advocated strategic spending to stimulate the economy. I support what he called for, but he would probably be rolling in his grave if he saw the shit our politicians were doing in his name.  I assume we agree with each other on this? We are in a major depression but after years of massive deficit spending we are almost powerless to use any real keynesian policies that could really help us.
They still have an estimated $2 trillion shadow economy? I'd say that's an epic fail at reducing non taxable transactions. And Probably the same level of bribing is going on, just not with cash. If the purpose was to reduce corruption it sounds like it barely did anything
Yes. Just like the supposed IT/programmer shortage in the 90s.  A fabrication propagated by vested interests to stimulate a policy response that artificially drives up sectoral labor supply to drive down wages to reduce labor cost.  Well worn trick.  There is a difference between a shortage and simply not wanting to pay what people and their skills cost at the market rate and so impinging on government to influence the market in one's favor. Classic rent seeking, aka normal and expected behavior for profit maximizing actors.
How will going from 75% Credit Utilization to 0% Credit Utilization affect my credit score? might answer your question if US based.  In the US, what counts is what shows on the bill. I've run $20K through a card with a $10K limit, but still ended the month under $2K by making extra payments. As long as you stay ahead of the limit by making mid-cycle payments, I see no issue with this strategy. If you keep running $30K/mo through a card with a $10K limit, the bank will eventually catch this and raise your limit as you will have proven you are more credit worthy.
That's why I said, I'm sure the devices I use now aren't much better (hell, I have an app that collects location data and sends me Amazon gift cards and such in exchange, but I agreed to it), but I don't really see any purpose of Alexa besides additional data collection. The only think I could see it useful for is elderly or disabled people with poor motor function that may have trouble operating other devices.
The biggest challenge with owning any individual stock is price fluctuation, which is called risk. The scenarios you describe assume that the stock behaves exactly as you predict (price/portfolio doubles) and you need to consider risk. One way to measure risk in a stock or in a portfolio is Sharpe Ratio (risk adjusted return), or the related Sortino ratio. One piece of advice that is often offered to individual investors is to diversify, and the stated reason for diversification is to reduce risk. But that is not telling the whole story. When you are able to identify stocks that are not price correlated, you can construct a portfolio that reduces risk. You are trying to avoid 10% tax on the stock grant (25%-15%), but need to accept significant risk to avoid the 10% differential tax ($1000). An alternative to a single stock is to invest in an ETF (much lower risk), which you can buy and hold for a long time, and the price/growth of an ETF (ex. SPY) can be charted versus your stock to visualize the difference in growth/fluctuation. Look up the beta (volatility) of your stock compared to SPY (for example, IBM). Compare the beta of IBM and TSLA and note that you may accept higher volatility when you invest in a stock like Tesla over IBM. What is the beta of your stock? And how willing are you to accept that risk? When you can identify stocks that move in opposite directions, and mix your portfolio (look up beta balanced portolio), you can smooth out the variability (reduce the risk), although you may reduce your absolute return. This cannot be done with a single stock, but if you have more money to invest you could compose the rest of your portfolio to balance the risk for this stock grant, keep the grant shares, and still effectively manage risk. Some years ago I had accumulated over 10,000 shares (grants, options) in a company where I worked. During the time I worked there, their price varied between $30/share and < $1/share. I was able to liquidate at $3/share.
come on. they're interns. do you really expect, or need, them to be qualified? Interns are there to do scut work and canned development training, and to audition for the graduate analyst position they want to apply for next year. Or to get do disillusioned by the experience that they self-select out after they graduate.
I think you are making this more complicated that it has to be.  In the end you will end up with a car that you paid X, and is worth Y. Your numbers are a bit hard to follow.  Hopefully I got this right. I am no accountant, this is how I would figure the deal: The payments made are irrelevant.  The downpayment is irrelevant as it is still a reduction in net worth.   Your current car has a asset value of <29,500>.  That should make anyone pause a bit.   In order to get into this new car you will have to finance the shortfall on the current car (29,500), the price of the vehicle (45,300), the immediate depreciation (say 7,000).  In the end you will have a car worth 38K and owe 82K.  So you will have a asset value of <44,000>.  Obviously a much worse situation.  To do this car deal it would cost the person 14,500 of net worth the day the deal was done.  As time marched on, it would be more as the reduction in debt is unlikely to keep up with the depreciation. Additionally the new car purchase screen shows a payment of $609/month if you bought the car with zero down.  Except you don't have zero down, you have -29,500 down.  Making the car payment higher, I estamate 1005/month with 3.5%@84 months.  So rather than having a hit to your cash flow of $567 for 69 more months, you would have a payment of about $1000 for 84 months if you could obtain the interest rate of 3.5%. Those are the two things I would focus on is the reduction in net worth and the cash flow liability.   I understand you are trying to get a feel for things, but there are two things that make this very unrealistic.  The first is financing.  It is unlikely that financing could be obtained with this deal and if it could this would be considered a sub-prime loan.  However, perhaps a relative could finance the deal. Secondly, there is no way even a moderately financially responsible spouse would approve this deal.  That is provided there were not sigificant assets, like a few million. If that is the case why not just write a check?
"The future of the internet is Ad-free. Ad blockers are increasing in usage every day and there is _nothing_ that anyone can do to stop that. Companies like Facebook and Google who make most of their money selling advertising are shitting themselves over this.  Facebook is _THE ONLY_ profitable ""social media"" company. There's like 5,00000000000 social media companies and NONE of them make money except facebook.  That's not because facebook is great, it's because facebook is diversified.  Don't listen to me, be fools."
"I think your analysis is very clear, it's a sensible approach, and the numbers sound about right to me. A few other things you might want to think about: Tax In some jurisdictions you can deduct mortgage interest against your income tax. I see from your profile that you're in Texas, but I don't know the exact situation there and I think it's better to keep this answer general anyway. If that's the case for you, then you should re-run your numbers taking that into account. You may also be able to make your investments tax-advantaged, for example if you save them in a retirement account. You'll need to apply the appropriate limits for your specific situation and take an educated guess as to how that might change over the next 30 years. Liquidity The money you're not spending on your mortgage is money that's available to you for other spending or emergencies - i.e. even though your default assumption is to invest it and that's a sensible way to compare with the mortgage, you might still place some extra value on having more free access to it. Overpayments Would you have the option to pay extra on the mortgage? That's another way of ""investing"" your money that gets you a guaranteed return of the mortgage rate. You might want to consider if you'd want to send some of your excess money that way."
First of all, make sure you have all your credit cards paid in full -the compounding interests on those can zero out returns on any of your private investments. Fundamentally, there are 2 major parts of personal finance: optimizing the savings output (see frugal blogs for getting costs down, and entrepreneur sites for upping revenues), and matching investment vehicles to your particular taste of risk/reward. For the later, Fool's 13 steps to invest provides a sound foundation, by explaining the basics of stocks, indexes, long-holding strategy, etc.   A full list Financial instruments can be found on Wikipedia; however, you will find most of these to be irrelevant to your goals listed above. For a more detailed guide to long-term strategies on portfolio composition, I'd recommend A Random Walk Down Wall Street: The Time-tested Strategy for Successful Investing. One of the most handy charts can be found in the second half of this book, which basically outlines for a given age a recommended asset allocation for wealth creation. Good luck!
"It's called an argument from the extreme. Although, I think North Korea is a not as good of an example. Perhaps a better argument would have been ""if you like taxes so much why don't you give all your money to the IRS?""  So far the only points I have gotten from you is taxes are bad, freedom is good. Did you want to speak about a specific point?"
They are experts in personal debt management, and are the only individuals licenced to administer a consumer proposal in Canada. Your administrator will use his or her   experience and training to assess what you can afford, and what should be offered to your creditors.  They prepare the necessary forms for you to sign, and then file   the proposal with the government which makes it a legal document.
"So...if the stock market tanks, the value of these portfolios tank...but faster.  The difference time around being that the customers will be holding all of the toxic assets?  I also gotta say that it feels like there's a lot of, ""hey let's sell insurance and hope that nothing bad ever happens but if it does we go bankrupt and the customer's fucked too!"""
I am probably not the most qualified person, but I have taken some managerial finance courses.  If company B is still in tact, has its own documentation saying it's a company and all that, the only income company A would need to claim from B is that which B profited and the profits were given to A.  I see the above scenario similar to owning an asset, like a bond, which pays you interest.  If the companies are merged, most definitely but that probably wasn't your question.
"First, I'd like to congratulate you on your financial discipline in paying off your loans and living well within your means.  I have friends who make more than twice your salary with similar debt obligations, and they barely scrape by month to month. If we combine your student loan debt and unallocated income each month, we get about $1,350.  You say that $378 per month is the minimum payment for your loans, which have an average interest rate of about 3.5%.  Thus, you have about $1,350 a month to ""invest."" Making your loan payments is basically the same as investing with the same return as the loan interest rate, when it comes down to it.  An interest rate of 3.5% is...not great, all things considered, and barely above inflation.    However, that's a guaranteed return of 3.5%, more or less like a bond.  As noted previously, the stock market historically averages 10% before inflation over the long run. The US stock market is right around its historic high at this point (DJIA is at 20,700 today, April 6th, 2017 - historic high hit just over 21,000 on March 1, 2017).  Obviously, no one can predict the future, but I get the feeling that a market correction may be in order, especially depending on how things go in Washington in the next weeks or months.  If that's the case (again, we have no way of knowing if it is), you'd be foolish to invest heavily in any stocks at this point. What I would do, given your situation, is invest the $1,350/month in a ""portfolio"" that's 50/50 stocks and ""bonds,"" where the bonds here are your student loans.  Here, you have a guaranteed return of ~3.5% on the bond portion, and you can still hedge the other 50% on stocks continuing their run (and also benefiting from dividends, capital gains, etc. over time).  I would apply the extra loan payments to the highest-interest loan first, paying only the minimum to the others.  Once the highest-interest loan is paid off, move onto the next one. Once you have all your loans paid off, your portfolio will be pretty much 100% stocks, at which point you may want to add in some actual bonds (say a 90/10 or 80/20 split, depending on what you want).  I'm assuming you're pretty young, so you still have plenty of time to let the magic of compounding interest do its work, even if you happen to get into the market right before it drops (well, that, and the fact that you won't really have much invested anyway). Again, let me stress that neither I nor anyone else has any way of knowing what will happen with the market - I'm just stating my opinion and what my course of action would be if I were in your shoes."
Withdrawals from a traditional 401(k) plan are always treated as cash income and the taxable portion is taxed at ordinary income tax rates, even if the money was held in stocks within the 401(k) plan and the amount withdrawn is equal to whatever capital gains you made by selling the stock within the 401(k) plan. If your plan permits you to take the distribution as stock shares (transferred to your taxable brokerage account), then, for tax purposes, it is treated as if you took a distribution of cash equal to the market price of the shares as of the day of the distribution and promptly bought the same number of shares in your brokerage account.  And yes, if the 401(k) plan assets in your ex-employer's plan consists solely of pretax contributions and the earnings thereon, then the entire distribution is ordinary taxable income regardless of whether you sold the stock within the 401(k) plan or took a distribution of stock from the plan and promptly (or after a few days) sold it. The capital gains or losses (if any) from such a sale are, of course, outside the 401(k) plan and taxable accordingly. Finally, the 10% penalty for premature withdrawal from a traditional 401(k) will also apply if you are not 59.5 years of age or older (or maybe 55 since you are separated from service), and it will be computed on the entire distribution.
"It's probably important to understand what a credit score is.   A credit score is your history of accruing debt and paying it back.  It is supplemented by your age, time at current residence, time at previous residences, time at your job, etc. A person with zero debt history can still have a decent score - provided they are well established, a little older and have a good job.  The top scores are reserved for those that manage what creditors consider an ""appropriate"" amount of debt and are well established.  In other words, you're good with money and likely have long term roots in the community.  After all, creditors don't normally like being the first one you try out... Being young and having recently moved you are basically a ""flight risk"".  Meaning someone who is more likely to just pick up and move when the debt becomes too much. So, you have a couple options.  The first is to simply wait.  Keep going to work, keep living where you are, etc.  As you establish yourself you become less of a risk.   The second is to start incurring debt.  Personally, I am not a fan of this one.  Some people do well by getting a small credit card, using some portion of it each month and paying it off immediately.  Others don't know how to control that very well and end up having a few months where they roll balances over etc which becomes a trap that costs them far more than before. If I were in your position, I'd likely do one of two things.  Either buy the phone outright and sign up for a regular mobile plan OR take the cheaper phone for a couple years."
Here are my conditions for an emergency account: A compromise would be to have 1,000-2,000 in a very liquid account and the rest in something a little less liquid that maybe has a minimum balance (but no transaction requirements).  The behavioral risk is when you do have an emergency and you don't want to cash out or go through any hassle to get it out, so you just charge the emergency instead of paying cash.
"No, I do not.  The advice is to take advice :-) but it is not required.  Several ""low cost"" SIPPs allow an ""Execution Only"" transfer from some pensions (generally not occupational or defined benefits schemes [where transfers are generally a bad idea anyway] but FAVCs such as mine are ok). Best Invest is one such, and the fees are indeed relatively low. As far as anyone knows, the government's plans for changes to rules on using pension funds would still apply even once I've transferred my pension pot and begun to withdraw funds (provided I don't commit myself to an annuity or other irrevocable investment). I am not a financial adviser, nor employed or otherwise connected with Best Invest, and I'm not endorsing their SIPP schemes, just giving them as an example of what can be done. [Added after I carried out my plan] I found the process very straightforward; I needed to apply for a pension fund with my new provider and fill in a transfer form, which set up the scheme and transferred the funds with no expense required.  Once the money arrived in my pension account I filled in another form to take the lump sum and set up regular withdrawals from the fund. I had my lump sum within a couple of months of initiating the transfer.  I'm very happy I did not take independent advice because it would have been very poor value for money.  During my researches I was approached eagerly by one firm promising to get me my money quick and claiming to be an independent financial advisor.  Luckily I mistrusted the service they offered."
This is a case of money-laundering, not forgery.  Many laundry detergents include a dye that glows under ultra-violet light.
"he is saying that ""QE"" meaning ""quantitative easing"" meaning ""the theory that the government flooded the markets with money, artificially driving up the price of stocks"" meant that hedge funds, which HEDGE, and benefit from an up-and-down market, couldn't win in a market where it just kept going up.  It's basically a conspiracy theory bears have been pushing for years ""QE artificially inflated the market, it's gonna crash!"""
"Disclosure: I don't have an iPhone, so I don't use RobinHood.  That being said, I have a less ""they're-out-to-get-ya"" view of what they're doing. As a small business owner (2 businesses), employees cost the most.  If you can create a solid business with few (or no) employees and let robots run it, you will drastically reduce your costs.  Joe Polish said it similarly with sales letters, something along the lines of they never complain about a headache, need to take a year off to discover themself, or just need a personal day.  Robots are the same; they do not have human limits.  Most simple trading can be done and maintained by well written code and AI, there's very little need for humans to do anything other than build it.  Think about the efficiency of bitcoin versus all the central banks combined; how many people are employed by central banks? Robinhood states that they are using technology in these ways to minimize costs and they're using a system that doesn't need physical branches (this doesn't mean they will never have them, just that they don't need them).  Robinhood does not indicate that they allow everything to happen for free; only stock trading.  I worked for a large trading firm once and observed that stock trading wasn't the bulk of where they made their money anyway; trading options, futures, index funds, etc are where the big money was and Robinhood says nothing about those being free.  Like the CQM mentioned too, they'll be charging for margin as well. In a way, the individual stock trader is dead; many people - including this forum - prefer index funds, so more than likely, Robinhood will strike up a deal with an index fund company or create their own (this is just easy, passive income with an expense ratio).  In this category, the markets are their playground, but they do need to attract enough people to their platform, thus free stock trading is a good way to do it. As for selling your information for advertising, that is always a possibility, but they have quite a few other options that would be good for most investors (index funds, affiliating with financial fund companies, etc) where they can start before ever needing to dip their toe in selling information.  This isn't to say they won't do it, but that there are few other options they have. The major concern I have for Robinhood is ongoing security.  Just building it and letting it run kind of assumes that there won't be major compromises in the future and as AI evolves, superior AI might be able to crush older AI."
trader. It's easy to learn how to develop, you can teach yourself how to develop, but gaining knowledge on how a traders day-to-day world is like is not as easy to come by. If you go dev first, it may be harder to get that business knowledge further down the track
Yes, the net effect is zero. If you own zero shares by Nov 30, for example, and don't buy any more shares by 12/31, the year is done, and nothing left to account for.
There are no legal restrictions on doing this. If you're living in the UK, just open an account like any other resident of the UK would.
What you are seeing is the effects of inflation. As money becomes less valuable it takes more of it to buy physical things, be they commodities, shares in a company's stock, and peoples time (salaries).  Just about the only thing that doesn't track inflation to some degree is cash itself or money in an account since that is itself what is being devalued.  So the point of all this is, buying anything (a house, gold, stocks) that doesn't depreciate (a car) is something of a hedge against inflation. However, don't be tricked (as many are) into thinking that house just made you a tidy sum just because it went up in value so much over x years. Remember 1) All the other houses and things you'd spend the money on are a lot more expensive now too; and 2) You put a lot more money into a house than the mortgage payment (taxes, insurance, maintenance, etc.) I'm with the others though. Don't get caught up in the gold bubble. Doing so now is just speculation and has a lot of risk associated with it.
Fairly straightforward to match the result from the calculator soup link.  There is a formula to calculate n from the future value s (using natural logs) In Excel This was derived as shown  To calculate n from the inflation-adjusted future value si requires using a solver since an algebraic formula cannot be formulated.  As demonstrated  Calculations done using Mathematica 7.
My friend Harry Sit wrote an excellent article No Tax Advantage In RSU.  The punchline is this. The day the RSUs vested, it's pretty much you got $XXX in taxable income and then bought the stock at the price at that moment. The clock for long term gain starts the same as if I bought the stock that day.  Historical side note - In the insane days of the Dotcom bubble, people found they got RSUs vested and worth, say, $1M. Crash. The shares are worth $100K. The $1M was ordinary income, the basis was $1M and the $900K loss could offset cap gains, not ordinary income above $3000/yr. Let me be clear - the tax bill was $250K+ but the poor taxpayer had $100K in stock to sell to pay that bill. Ooops. This is the origin of the 'sell the day it vests' advice.  The shares you own will be long term for capital gain a year after vesting. After the year, be sure to sell those particular shares and you're all set. No different than anyone selling the LT shares of stock when owning multiple lots. But. Don't let the tax tail wag the investing dog. If you feel it's time to sell, you can easily lose the tax savings while watching the stock fall waiting for the clock to tick to one year.
"&gt;a totally unsustainable level  I get what you're saying, but this isn't the whole story. For most of the history of civilization, clothes were really, really expensive, so most people had only a few well-made outfits that they repaired and took good care of. It would be unsustainable for our modern lifestyle, but given the scope of human history up until around 80 years ago, totally normal. In fact, you could say that the way the modern clothing industry works is probable ""totally unsustainable,"" since land is being ruined through cotton production, and in all likelihood we *won't* be able to grow as much cotton as we do now, 50 years from now."
"With regard to PMI. You propose to put down 5% less, i.e. 15% instead of 20%. This is $12,500.  How much is the PMI? You will pay interest on the $12,500 extra you are borrowing, but also stuck paying that PMI for a number of years. Say the PMI is $100/mo. That's like paying nearly 10% on top of the interest you are already paying.  If you get a firm quote on what the PMI will cost you, you can make an informed decision. Borrowing at a bit of a premium may make sense, but much about 7-8%, and I'd rather take the risk of needing to raise cash elsewhere. PMI is tough to get rid of until you are at 80% LTV.  Edit -Beautiful link from Chad below. Now for the real math - You borrow 85K (to keep math easy) which is 15% down on a $100K house. 1.1% of $85K is $935/yr. But, you see, you are subject to that because you couldn't raise that last $5000. And $935 is 18.7% of that $5000. The PMI is on the whole mortgage, not on that extra bit you owe. Permit me to say ""holy crap! 18.7% is higher than my worst credit card, and more than I'd pay to borrow nearly anywhere else.""  The percent is the same regardless of the mortgage, this is the math to borrow at an 85% LTV. And why I suggest things like using one's 401(k) as a bridge for such amounts. For the OP, the $12K delta.  (Note, the link shows an update to 1.2% which makes the real cost 20.4%) The numbers are not as crazy when borrowing 95% LTV. ""only"" about 7.9% on the extra needed. Crazy as it sounds, this is how the math works."
perpetuity means perpetual. the assumption is that facebook will continue to be a 'going concern' which means they will operate indefinitely. this is a standard assumption and although it may not be true for facebook it serves its purpose as a baseline assumption. speculating on the exact timing of the demise of facebook would be even less accurate.
"Well if you weren't such an entitled prick, you'd know that it just flat out isn't as simple for some as ""find a better job"" or ""make more money"" or ""improve your lot in life"" as you have suggested here many different ways.   There are countless reasons why that just simply is not possible, and hence why there is, in fact, a need to require a living wage, no matter how hard you cover your ears and scream ""LALALALA"". If you weren't so self important, maybe you'd see that."
I keep track of the current casino bonus offers available at most big time online casinos but I was blown away when I came across the bonuses found on this site. They showed me what Slots Jungle had available and frankly, it was better than the rest.
It's pretty easy to disregard or outright learn to loathe the brands that are being advertised by intrusive digital ads that hijack your browser, and the ad networks that help make 1/10 of those ads a mobile hijack that won't let you back out forcing you to purge the app from memory. Seriously, those methods of advertising have a net negative effect just due to their obnoxious delivery.
&gt; What it doesn't say is how many were opened, also how many were opened in the last 2 years thag they're closing.  DineEquity [planned 25-33 stores in 2016](https://www.foodnewsfeed.com/chain-restaurants/applebees-slows-development-plans-sales-decline), I didn't find their 2015 plans, nor organic, non-strategic closings. They [moved their HQ from Kansas City to the parent company's Los Angeles location](https://www.bizjournals.com/kansascity/blog/morning_call/2015/09/applebees-dineequity-headquarters-move.html), and [divested all remaining corporate-owned stores](https://www.bizjournals.com/kansascity/news/2015/07/24/applebees-100-percent-franchisee-owned.html) in 2015. They [franchise 2,016 stores system-wide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Applebee%27s) as of 2016. This closing announcement represents an approximate four years of organic closings if 2016 was any indication of normal, franchisee annual openings; it is definitely four years' worth of the the marginal organic openings rate, and about 5% system-wide shrinkage.  &gt; I don't see Applebee's or chilli's doing well in the future. They just don't offer what people want anymore.  We [have the biggest population bulge](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/04/25/millennials-overtake-baby-boomers/) entering the [traditional prime spending years with more debt than past generations](https://www.cheatsheet.com/money-career/millennial-long-term-debt-how-a-generation-ended-up-in-a-rut.html/?a=viewall), higher education costs are so high the graduation rates [favor the wealthy](https://www.forbes.com/sites/eriksherman/2017/01/11/why-millennials-boomerang-home-its-not-student-loans-its-worse/#6ac6b5995d86), widening the lifetime income gap, and [HOOCOODANODE](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Talk:hoocoodanode)!? We'll survive fine through this; it isn't a nuclear war (much as some elements in the world are itching to mash that Big Red Button).  But vast swathes of the economic landscape that relied upon the Boomer-based lifetime income model will revamp for the Millennial new normal. I anticipate lots of asset revaluations and reallocations. Millennials worldwide see a much stretched-out period of income stagnation while waiting for older generations to retire out of the economy, then there will be a modest bump as they start filling in some of those vacant positions; automation will permanently eliminate many of those vacancies. For businesses, I anticipate this expresses as a worldwide, Japan-style constant, low-grade deflationary pressure and environment for several decades as the the landscape is reconfigured, before we find a new capital/credit/debt equilibrium that enables more dynamism and growth.
&gt;When you hear mainstream economists offer detailed reasons why the Bush-Clinton tax increases were needed and why the Obama deficits are the right medicine for the economy, bear in mind these are the same economists who did not see the 2007 housing collapse coming, did not see the 2008 financial panic coming.     Here's the thing...neither did the economists in the other camp. Hardly anyone was openly talking about the problems.
if employees are difficult to fire, it make it difficult to hire to begin with. It is well proven phenomenon in South European countries. Making union powerful simply create two tire system whereby the system only protect those who are already employed.   North European countries, instead, adopt flexible system whereby business is free to fire but redundancy pay increase by the number of years of employment. Also, this is backed by robust unemployment benefit.
If you didn't receive the money in 2012 or have constructive receipt you really can't claim the income. If the company is going to give you a 1099 for the work they aren't going to give you one until next year and if you claim it this year you will have a hard time explaining the income difference. On the other hand if this isn't miscellaneous income, but rather self employment income and expenses you should be able to claim the expenses in 2012 and if you have a loss that would carry over to 2013. Note it is possible to use an accrual basis if you are running a business (which would allow you to do this), but it is more complex than the cash accounting individual tax payers use.
Yes, you're absolutely right. For such small amounts and such large fees, almost any investment choice is pointless. Some brokers allow for commission free ETF trading.  Seek them out. As you've noticed, bond interest rates are almost 0%.  This is a far cry from the days of Benjamin Graham, where the USD acted more like gold, with much more frequent booms and busts. During Graham's heyday, one could sell one's bonds at super low interest rates and buy them back again when high.  In his day, interest rates would be very high one year like in 2008 and next to nothing the next like in 2009, cycling back and forth, until the 1960s hit, and he didn't know what to do. Graham preferred to wait for the reversion to the mean, and act only when far from it.  Those opportunities are few and far between now since fiat currencies are far better managed than they were then, the Fed-caused 2009 total destruction as an outlier to recent times. In your case, it's best to leave the bonds to the insurance companies and buy equities.  If you want less volatility, buy a buy-write ETF.  Bonds will surely disappoint unless one is lucky enough to hold bonds while interest rates fall from ~6% to ~3%, an eventuality that shouldn't be expected to occur again, as Bill Gross is painfully discovering.
"Despite having a math degree, I basically only use basic algebra/probability/calculus on a day to day basis as my career has gone a different direction away from the modelling/quanty stuff.  Some fun reading:  * The SABR Model - [SABR/LIBOR Model](http://www.amazon.com/SABR-LIBOR-Market-Model-Interest-Rate/dp/0470740051) * Shevre's Stochastic Calculus for Finance - [Book 1](http://www.amazon.com/Stochastic-Calculus-Finance-Binomial-Textbooks/dp/0387249680/) &amp; [Book 2](http://www.amazon.com/Stochastic-Calculus-Finance-Continuous-Time-Textbooks/dp/144192311X/)  One of the big 'hard' problems is calibrating a swap curve w/ what's known as the 3s6s Basis. As a number of true quants have said to me it is a ""non-trivial problem"". Its basically trying to match two curves with different compounding over a number of different knot points.  SABR Model, listed above, is all about calibrating and figuring out how the current rate enviroment is behaving, is it normal or lognormal? What is the blend between the two, how do you know when you are in a different environment etc. Can rates go negative?"
The regulations you're talking about (TR 1.263) are going into effect starting tax year 2016, so for purchases you made last year they're (kindof...) irrelevant. Kindof, because the IRS promises to not audit those that qualify under the regulations even if they use it before it goes into effect, but it doesn't legally have to. Since the regulations are new, I suggest you talk to a licensed professional who'd explain them to you and interpret them with regards to your specific situation. From my brief read, you can expense under these rules things that you would otherwise capitalize, with the $500 limit to the invoice. Meaning, if you bought a computer paying $500, which you use 50% for your business - you can expense $250. The benefit, comparing to the Sec. 179, is that you're not limited to new items, nor are you limited to business revenue. Otherwise, it looks like the applicability is similar. As I said - talk  to a licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State), since these rules are new and untested, and you should probably have a professional provide guidance. I'm not such a professional.
the person at the other end of the question is probably some low level employee getting paid less than $20 an hour, most likely, he'll just ask you if you have a point and then move on to the next person that actually needs something.  You are seriously overestimating reddit. Do you realize that the majority of redditors are young teens who don't even have bank accounts? Not to mention the amount of people who not only understand the equifax situation but actually care?
&gt;$1160 per month, lets say you only have one kid.  &gt;Oh, wait, taxes are taken out. You really only have about $1,000 to work with.  To be fair with your calculation, with $1,160 a month, you're not subject to federal income tax and most likely no state income tax, *especially* with a child.  That adds an extra $1,900 to the calculation.  Plus you'll get a $1,000 child tax credit from the government.  I'm not saying the extra $3,000 is enough to live on, but that calculation above leaves a bit out.  Edit: Brainfart - I forgot about Social Security / FICA.  In most years it's around 7.65%, which would be about $1,000.
Spoken like a true conspiracy theorist.  More realistically, the conservative audience includes a spectrum of people and viewpoints, so Fox includes a spectrum of people and viewpoints. While that spectrum all tends to fall into the conservative portion of the greater spectrum, it includes a range of people, as I said, from extremist commentators to legitimate newspeople because the conservative audience itself has that range and those demands.
A trust is a financial arrangement to put aside money over a period of time (typically years), for a specific purpose to benefit someone. Two purposes of trusts are 1) providing for retirement and 2) providing for a child or minor. There are three parties to a trust: 1) A grantor, the person who establishes and funds a trust. 2) A beneficiary, a person who receives the benefits. 3) a trustee, someone who acts in a fiduciary capacity between the grantor and beneficiary. No one person can be all three parties. A single person can be two of out those three parties. A RETIREMENT trust is something like an IRA (individual retirement account). Here, a person can be both the grantor (contributor) to the IRA, and the beneficiary (a withdrawer after retirement). But you need a bank or a broker to act as a fiduciary, and to handle the reporting to the IRS (Internal Revenue Service). Pension plans have employers as grantors, employees as beneficiaries, and (usually) a third party as trustee. A MINORS' trust can be established under a Gift to the Minors' Act, or other trust mechanisms, such as a Generation Skipping Trust. Here, a parent may be both grantor and trustee (although usually a third party is a trustee). A sum of money is put aside over a period of years for the benefit of a minor, for a college education, or for the minor's attaining a certain age: a minimum of 18, sometimes 21, possibly 25 or even older, depending on when the grantor feels that the minor is responsible enough to handle the money.
That is exactly the problem people aren't seeing. Automation. It makes things cheaper and more reliable than people. It also cuts the man hours needed down to a small fraction of what it was before. There haven't been enough new jobs created to make up for the jobs lost from automation.  In a perfect world, we would all just work a shorter schedule each and still live increasingly better lives as time went on but we all know that isn't going to happen, at least not without HUGE changes to the whole world.
"It is typically best to pay minimum payments to 2 of the loans and pay aggressively on the third loan. Some will tell you to pay the highest interest rate loan off first because ""personal finance"" is about ""finance"" and mathematically that saves you the most interest. Some will tell you to pay the smallest balance loan off first because ""personal finance"" is ""personal"" and the psychological ""win"" of paying off a loan is more valuable than the small amount of interest difference between this strategy and paying off the loan with the highest interest rate first."
"&gt;I think you are confusing ""understands technology"" with ""is technology guru"" or ""technology visionary"".  Nope.  I don't think Sculley really fits in ANY of those categories.  He's a marketer &amp; speaker -- he learns just enough of the **buzzwords &amp; jargon** to make it SOUND as if he knows what is going on... but -- like many other similar people -- he really doesn't have a frigging clue.  &gt;Your timeline is flawed, as Sony's early work goes back well in to the 50's.  Sony was working on ""color TV's"" yes... but not anything related to what became the ""Trinitron"" -- that history is well documented (both in the patents that they licensed, and the people/teams &amp; subsequent patents that they filed, as well as in various narrative histories from the people involved).  &gt; I don't look at his work with the CRT as a demonstration of any particular brilliance  Of course you do... that's the entire reason you regurgitated that little ""myth"" -- to support this illusion/delusion you have that he HAS some ""technological brilliance"" -- all of your previous comments in this thread are in that vein.  &gt;You should read Jobs' own accounts of meeting and recruiting Sculley. They had very extensive conversations about technology and while Jobs no doubt didn't see him as a visionary, the computer industry was new to Sculley so he had a lot to learn (particularly the first year), and Sculley clearly didn't get Jobs' design esthetic, but Jobs very much felt he could share his vision and Sculley would understand it and its implications. Similar comments from Markkula and others who worked with the guy then.  Jobs was **bullshitter** -- a very charismatic one no doubt -- but a bullshitter nonetheless.  &gt; Sculley definitely sees himself not as a technical visionary or even a technologist, but as a master marketer.  ROTFLMAO... Riiiight... that's why he promotes himself as a ""technology visionary"" speaker:  &gt;&gt;In the Age of Smartphones, Smart Pads and Smart TVs, John Sculley is the Quintessential Smart Entrepreneur - A Compelling Public Speaker on Innovation in Global Business and Technology"
"here is what I don't get . . .when they say ""Unwind"" does it mean put a corkscrew up their ass and twist? because if they mean sell it back int the market, the problem was that there was no market and thats why it ended up on the Feds balance sheet.  There is still no market for those Toxic assets . . . so does that mean the Fed is going to write it off?  I bet we see QE 4 before any unwinding"
That's tricky, actually. First, as the section 1015 that you've referred to in your other question says - you take the lowest of the fair market value or the actual donor basis. Why is it important? Consider these examples: So, if the relative bought you a brand new car and you're the first title holder (i.e.: the relative paid, but the car was registered directly to you) - you can argue that the basis is the actual money paid. In essence you got a money gift that you used to purchase the car. If however the relative bought the car, took the title, and then drove it 5 miles to your house and signed the title over to you - the IRS can argue that the car basis is the FMV, which is lower because it is now a used car that you got. You're the second owner. That may be a significant difference, just by driving off the lot, the car can lose 10-15% of its value. If you got a car that's used, and the donor gives it to you - your basis is the fair market value (unless its higher than the donor's basis - in which case you get the donor's basis). You always get the lowest basis for losses (and depreciation is akin to a loss). Now consider the situation when your relative is a business owner and used the car for business. He didn't take the depreciation, but he was entitled to. IRS can argue that the fact that he didn't take is irrelevant and reduce the donor's basis by the allowable depreciation. That may bring your loss basis to below the FMV. I suggest you take it to a tax professional licensed in your state who will check all the facts and circumstances of your situation. Your relative might be slapped with a gift tax as well, if the car FMV is above certain amount (currently the exemption is $14000).
Putting 64% of a portfolio in gold and silver is pretty reckless from an investing standpoint. That being said, if he really did buy most of the stocks in 2002, he's probably made a good deal of money off these picks.
Many people have criticized the Groupon IPO model because it doesn't make sense as an investment, unless you are an insider with cheap shares. Basically, you have:
There's really not a simple yes/no answer.  It depends on whether you're doing short term trading or long term investing.  In the short term, it's not much different from sports betting (and would be almost an exact match if the bettors also got a percentage of the team's ticket sales), In the long term, though, your profit mostly comes from the growth of the company.  As a company - Apple, say, or Tesla - increases sales of iPhones or electric cars, it either pays out some of the income as dividends, or invests them in growing the company, so it becomes more valuable.  If you bought shares cheaply way back when, you profit from this increase when you sell them.  The person buying it doesn't lose, as s/he buys at today's market value in anticipation of continued growth.  Of course there's a risk that the value will go down in the future instead of up. Of course, there are also psychological factors, say when people buy Apple or Tesla because they're popular, instead of at a rational valuation.  Or when people start panic-selling, as in the '08 crash.  So then their loss is your gain - assuming you didn't panic, of course :-)
I live downtown in a pretty big city where taxis (or car2go) are the dominant form of public transportation.   Fuck taxis.   After dealing with them for years, I hate them. They're always driven by shitheads from Somalia who are always rude, they and their cars stink to hell, they're always yelling on the phone in Arabic, and that's just once you actually get in the car. First, you have to stand your ass on the street and flag one down, because if you call the dispatcher, you get another fucking Somalian who doesn't give a rats ass about where you are or when you need to be picked up. Going to a meeting or have dinner reservations? Good luck. After going out and trying to get a ride home, there's a 50/50 chance the asshole taxi driver won't let you in until you tell him you're destination, then he'll just speed off if he decides its not far enough. When it comes time to pay, they will agressively get in your face and demand you pay them in cash, *not with a credit card*. I've had my credit card info stolen after using it in a cab. On more than one occasion, my girlfriend paid with a card, the driver grabbed it from her,  *entered his own tip* and bitched at her the whole time.   Every **EVERY** single time I've used Lyft its been a great experience. The cars are always clean, the drivers are always super friendly, I know exactly where and when to expect them via the app, and paying is a cinch. Fuck taxis. Taxis are an old, inefficient system and I'm glad they're being replaced. I don't care about whatever consumer protections they don't have, Lyft had their own algorithm to calculate fares and its at least consistent.
Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Or do I misunderstood what had been said? There has definitely been a misunderstanding as it is not that common for people to not pay medical bills. Yes, there are those that cannot afford to pay them, and that does contribute to increasing prices, but overall people do pay. I think there is an aspect to this that has not been covered by the other two answers. What is common, at least in my experience, is that medical providers (i.e. doctors, hospitals, radiology, etc) are much more likely to work with you on establishing a payment plan than utilities, credit card companies, banks, etc are. This is different than holding off payment in the hopes of negotiating a reduction in payment. I am speaking of paying the total amount, but over multiple payments, and without a penalty for paying over multiple payments. And usually they will ask you what you can afford. If you can pay $50 per month, likely that will work. And even what I do that and call to pay the monthly amount, they will ask if I will pay that or some other (including lesser) amount. Also, if I skip a month (usually from forgetting, not intentionally) there is again no additional fee. This doesn't cover ALL providers, but so far has been consistent across all of the ones I have used. I suspect this is what your colleagues were referring to.
The thing is, one of the primary reasons tickets cost so much (the entire price including fees) is because the bands require more money than ever. Competing ticket vendors usually only cost a few dollars less than Ticketmaster. So, there's not really much of an alternative (on the whole ... I'm sure some bands out there would play for less money under certain circumstances) ... until the next shift in the music business becomes clear.
Have you owned the stock for longer than 2015?  The stock appears to have grown in value since December 2014 from 72.85 to 73.5 which is about 0.89% growth in the year to date (2015).
"I think the claim is that you shouldn't buy a house expecting it to increase in value as you would a stock portfolio. OTOH if you are looking at it from the stand point of ""I need housing, mortgage payments and rent are comparable and I build equity if I buy a house rather then rent"" that's potentiality a very different situation (that I'm not qualified to judge)."
It's very sustainable.  Let's say the Typical subscribing user stays on for 20 months at $20 a month, means that the LTV of a paying tinder user is $400.   Tinder even has a pyramid pricing, charging older users more in addition to their Super Premium gold users.   In app purchases of super-likes and blasts.  And ad revenue...   I think buying Tinder was smart
Take your problem-solving skills to the next level while learning to build. Game design courses allow students to create their own unique virtual worlds with blocks of material mined from the ground. Children interested in games, such as video or computer games, and how they work may enjoy attending some Game Design Programs. These Game design programs &amp; courses give children a great opportunity to learn the basics of game design and computer programming. Checkout us online: http://www.homebuiltairplanes.com/forums/member.php?u=46817
"I think you're missing a fixed and variable breakout cost per unit here. Fixed costs per unit decrease as volume rises.  If you think VC and equity peeps would throw down bills to a company who can't reasonably argue or support a cash generating model, you're likely mistaken. Uber's infrastructure and rapid scaling are cost intensive, however, once implemented, their costs do not rise 1:1 with every person who hails an Uber, which is what you're implying by leaving us two identical profit margins at vastly different volumes, which only exists in fairy-tale ""unicorn"" land.   Also, to your comments below: Oh wow, you think a tech company is overvalued? Like that's not the real ""soundbite"" - same fuckin' soundbite I heard when Amazon was trading at 200 a share."
"LOL!!!! A BBC report about ""hate crime"" only listing attacks on migrants, but does not list attacks on Germans.  **Bottom line: Germany needed those migrants like it needed a bullet in its head. Meanwhile, Japan, Poland, Hungary, Norway, etc have not issue to deal with and they are doing just fine.**"
I think he is saying that the vote was not the reform needed. Some of you will be too young to understand but my only class action that I was in was Blockbuster. I ended up with like $1.45. If I had to guess I would spend about 20-50 bucks a month in late fees. Sometimes it was my fault because if I missed the weird time to return them I felt I might as well keep them for the fees and would be late again. I did not agree to sue them. I just did not opt out. Blockbuster made tons off of me and people like me. The lawyers who really just put people together as a class made millions. The customer is a pawn. That is what I think he means. You would need meaningful reform in the class action space for this to really matter. This is one of our boys are going to be sued and we should help them. Congress has basically protected Equifax downside risk. Yetto address the reality of the fact that the hack impacts the people congress supposedly works for and was caused by gross negligence. Maybe they should be building an RFP to replace them, not protect them.
I think Jobs had an impact based on his ideas, if you look at Apple under Scully and then again when Jobs came back there was a clear difference. The real test will be what happens to Apple now that he's gone for good.
"In the UK there is a School Rewards System used in many schools to teach kids and teens  about finance and economy. In the UK there is a framework for schools called ""Every Child Matters"" in which ‘achieving economic well-being’ is an important element. I think is important to offer to offer a real-life vehicle for financial learning beyond the theory."
Don't worry about your Smith &amp; Wesson shares.  Sooner or later, some nut will shoot up a gun-free zone, then everyone will run off to by guns &amp; ammo before the government comes to take them all.  It's gotten sadly predictable.
"If you do it, be sure to read what you sign. They'll sign you up on some type of ""credit insurance"" and not tell you about it. It costs like $10 a month. If you don't sign up for that, you should be fine. I bought my HDTV this way, though I wish I would have saved and paid up front. I'm moving more towards the ""cash only"" mindset."
The time when you might want to do this is if you think BBY is undervalued already.  If you'd be happy buying the stock now, you'd be happy buying it lower (at the strike price of the put option you sold).  If the stock doesn't go down, you win.  If it does, you still win, because you get the stock at the strike price. If I recall correctly Warren Buffett did this with Coca-Cola.  But that's Warren Buffett.
Also I don't need to put up as much money, and since I am a college student, that allows me to conserve capital, but still diversify into that market. I am still reading up on them before I jump in, but these securities fascinate me.
"In asnwer to your questions: As @joetaxpayer said, you really should look into a Solo 401(k). In 2017, this allows you to contribute up to $18k/year and your employer (the LLC) to contribute more, up to $54k/year total (subject to IRS rules). 401(k) usually have ROTH and traditional sides, just like IRA. I believe the employer-contributed funds also see less tax burden for both you and your LLC that if that same money had become salary (payroll taxes, etc.). You might start at irs.gov/retirement-plans/one-participant-401k-plans and go from there. ROTH vs. pre-tax: You can mix and match within years and between years. Figure out what income you want to have when you retire. Any year you expect to pay lower taxes (low income, kids, deductions, etc.), make ROTH contributions. Any year you expect high taxes (bonus, high wage, taxable capital gains, etc.), make pre-tax payments. I have had a uniformly bad experience with target date funds across multiple 401(k) plans from multiple plan adminstrators. They just don't perform well (a common problem with almost any actively managed fund). You probably don't want to deal with individual stocks in your retirement accounts, so rather pick passively managed index funds that track various markets segments you care about and just sit on them. For example, your high-risk money might be in fast-growing but volatile industries (e.g. tech, aerospace, medical), your medium-risk money might go in ""total market"" or S&P 500 index funds, and your low-risk money might go in treasury notes and bonds. The breakdown is up to you, but as an 18 year old you have a ~50 year horizon and so can afford to wait out anything short of another Great Depression (and maybe even that). So you'd want generally you want more or your money in the high-risk high-return  category, rebalancing to lower risk investments as you age. Diversifying into real estate, foreign investments, etc. might also make sense but I'm no expert on those."
"Honestly, I wonder if the other answerers aren't overthinking it. Their answers are detailed and correct, but what your coach may be saying is this: When you have bought a stock, on cash or margin, and you are watching it rise you are evaluating when you sell on the price of the stock you are seeing. In reality, you should look at the bid (price buyers will give you for the stock) and ask (price sellers will charge you for the stock) prices. If the stock is going up, odds are the price of the stock is very close to the ask price because it is purchases that are driving it up, but that's not what you're going to get when you sell. You're going to get something around the bid price. If the spread between the two is large (i.e. a volatile stock) this could be many cents or more lower than the ask price. Therefore, what your coach may mean by ""Selling on Ask"" is you're using the stock price when it's equal or close to the ask price to decide when to sell, instead of letting the stock peak and drop (when its price will approach the bid price) or letting the trailing bid offers catch up to your desired sell point and selling then (i.e. letting the stock point grow PAST your sell point, dragging the bid price up with it). Just a thought, but that sounds like a term a coach would come up with to mean selling and getting less than you thought you were going to from the sale. (I know it's a necro reply, but the Interwebs are immortal and people come via Google... I did)"
The Child Care Expense Deduction (line 214) dollar limits will each increase by $1000, to new amounts of $8000 for children under 7 and $5000 for children age 7–16. Notes: As a tax deduction, your tax liability gets reduced at your marginal income tax rate, not the lowest tax rate (as would be the case for a tax credit). Yes, you still need receipts from your child care provider to support any claim. The non-refundable child tax credit a.k.a. amount for children under age 18 (line 367) introduced in 2007 is being eliminated starting in tax year 2015 coincident with the UCCB enhancement above. The credit could previously reduce tax liability by ~$340. The Family Tax Cut is being introduced and will be effective for tax year 2014. That is, when you file your 2014 income tax return in early 2015, you may be able to take advantage of this measure for income already earned in 2014. Provided a couple has at least one child under the age of 18, the Family Tax Cut will permit the transfer of up to $50,000 of taxable income from the higher income spouse's income tax return to the lower income spouse's return. While the potential transfer of $50,000 of taxable income to lower tax brackets sounds like a really big deal, the maximum tax relief is capped at $2000.
The collectible value of coins will probably increase with the underlying metal value. I'd collect coins for that reason and because I enjoy collecting them. I wouldn't recommend buying bags of rolled nickels or anything though.
If you have non-salary income, you might be required to file 1040ES estimated tax for the next year on a quarterly basis. You can instead pay some or all in advance from your previous year's refund. In theory, you lose the interest you might have made by holding that money for a few months. In practice it might be worth it to avoid needing to send forms and checks every quarter. For instance if you had a $1000 estimated tax requirement and the alternative was to get 1% taxable savings account interest for six months, you'd make about $3 from holding it for the year. I would choose to just pay in advance. If you had a very large estimation, or you could pay off a high-rate debt and get a different effective rate of return, the tradeoff may be different.
"I think what you are looking for is a secured credit card. They are mostly used by people who have ruined their credit and want to rebuild it, but it might also serve your purpose.  Essentially you deposit some money in an account and the credit card can be used up to the amount left in the account. Each month when you pay the bill, it resets the balance that you can charge. Also, many credit card providers also offer ""disposable"" or ""one use"" credit card numbers for the express purpose of using it online. It still gets charged against your regular account, but you get a separate number that can only be used for up to X dollars of transactions."
It is through a vendor leasing to a provider(99% coverage lol).  Our municipality does not allow private entities to attach to the fixtures so that puts me in the cats seat.  They will be metering their own electric so that is not a problem.   You seem to be pretty knowledgeable,  would it benefit me to argue for yearly payments instead of monthly?
You can take a look at EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval), a big database run by the SEC where  all companies, foreign and domestic, are required to file registration statements, periodic reports, and other forms electronically.
Oh, don't expect us to take sides, we love both our parents the same! As to the pragmatic decision making - simple math. The disagreement is whether to pay off the HELOC or to invest into the mutual fund instead. Well, check the yield of the fund, compare to the costs of keeping the HELOC balance, and see which one makes more sense. Just compare the expected payments and gains for each of the scenarios and you'll get your answer.
Well, which is it?  Police or Fire?  &gt;Police and Fire  You are either one or the other, not both.  And NEITHER is really among the most dangerous jobs (yes there are police forces in certain locales that have higher than average death &amp; disability rates, but for the majority of the country, the rates are actually below average).
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/17/a-gary-cohn-resignation-would-crash-the-markets-jeffrey-sonnenfeld.html) reduced by 66%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The New York Times reported Wednesday that Cohn, who is Jewish, was &amp;quot;Upset&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Disgusted&amp;quot; with President Donald Trump&amp;#039;s response to Saturday&amp;#039;s deadly white nationalist rally in Virginia.  &gt; During a heated press conference Tuesday, Trump defended his comments that &amp;quot;Both sides&amp;quot; were to blame for the violence over the weekend that left a counterprotester dead. That prompted several members of Trump&amp;#039;s advisory councils to announce their resignations, which caused Trump to eventually dissolve the councils entirely.  &gt; A Cohn resignation could be a hit to Trump&amp;#039;s plans to revamp the tax code.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ub6qf/a_gary_cohn_resignation_would_crash_the_markets/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~193173 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Trump**^#1 **Cohn**^#2 **White**^#3 **markets**^#4 **CNBC**^#5"
"There are two types of insurance: whole life and term. I don't recommend whole life insurance, because you are insuring against something that will happen, your death. Maybe you could buy it if members of your family have a history of outliving the averages. This is called ""adverse selection."" Term is different: it insures against your UNTIMELY death. Many people I know take term insurance for the X years until their last child leaves college, or some other well defined ""term."" They don't want to die before this term but will be satisfied with the insurance as a ""consolation"" prize."
The days are long gone when offered mortgages were simply based on salary multiples. These days it's all about affordability, taking into account all incomes and all outgoings. Different lenders will have different rules about what they do and don't accept as incomes; these rules may even vary per-product within the same lender's product list.  So for example a mortgage specifically offered as buy-to-let might accept rental income (with a suitable void-period multiplier) into consideration, but an owner-occupier mortgage product might not. Similarly, business rules will vary about acceptance of regular overtime, bonuses, and so on. Guessing at specific answers: #1 maybe, if it's a buy-to-let product, Note that these generally carry a higher interest rate than owner-occupier mortgages; expect about 2% more #2 in my opinion it's extremely unlikely that any lender would consider rental income from your cohabiting spouse #3 probably yes, if it's a buy-to-let product
Yes.  The investment world is extremely fast-paced and competitive. There are loads of professional traders with supercomputers working day in and day out to make smarter, faster trade decisions than you. If you try to compete with them, there’s a better than fair chance you’ll lose precious time and money, which kind of defeats the purpose. A good wealth manager: In short, they can save you time and money and help you take the most advantage of your current savings. Or, you can think about it in terms of cost. Most wealth managers charge an annual fee (as a % of the amount invested) for their services. This fee can range anywhere from close to zero, to 0.75% depending upon how sophisticated the strategy is that the money will be invested in, and what kind of additional services they have to offer. Investing in the S&P500 on the behalf of the investor shouldn’t need a fee, but investing in a smart beta or an alpha strategy, that generates returns independent of the market’s movement and certainly commands a fee. But how does one figure if that fee is justified? It is really simple. What is the risk-adjusted performance of the strategy? What is the Sharpe ratio? Large successful funds like Renaissance Technologies and Citadel can charge 3% in addition to 30% of profits because even after that their returns are much better than the market. I have this rule of thumb for money-management fees that I am willing to pay:
Maybe this just me, but learn to talk like an adult. I know it sounds like an insult to say this, but many interns where I work speak very casually, say 'like' frequently, and end all their sentences with an upturn, like a question.   I've worked many suit type jobs, and I find that young people are taken more seriously if they present themselves as adults.
When interest rates rise, the price of bonds fall because bonds have a fixed coupon rate, and since the interest rate has risen, the bond's rate is now lower than what you can get on the market, so it's price falls because it's now less valuable. Bonds diversify your portfolio as they are considered safer than stocks and less volatile. However, they also provide less potential for gains. Although diversification is a good idea, for the individual investor it is far too complicated and incurs too much transaction costs, not to mention that rebalancing would have to be done on a regular basis. In your case where you have mutual funds already, it is probably a good idea to keep investing in mutual funds with a theme which you understand the industry's role in the economy today rather than investing in some special bonds which you cannot relate to. The benefit of having a mutual fund is to have a professional manage your money, and that includes diversification as well so that you don't have to do that.
400 games a day are released in the app stores. There will always be random small games that find success but the vast majority of devs without diversified portfolios and cash flow will fail quickly. It's like any other entertainment industry with way more music tracks/movies/games than demand. It's incredibly risky (not to mention freaking hard as hell to make something 'fun'), especially compared to taking those programming skills and making a decent, steady salary as an engineer.
"Ok, I was being a bit rhetorical, sorry, it failed to come across.  I know there are other firms, but I have never seen anyone say ""ex-Bain people"". Is McKinsey sort of used like you just used google, not to refer to the company but as a type of thing (google = search engines; McKinsey = management consultants)?"
Exchange traded options are issued in a way that there is no counter party risk.  Consider, stocks and options are held in street name. So, for example, if I am short and you are long shares, no matter what happens on my end, your shares are yours.  To be complete, it's possible to enter into a direct deal, where you have a contract for some non-standard option, but that would be very rare for the average investor.
The balance is the amount due.
The problem I have with all this is won those tours against EVERYONE ELSE WHO WAS ALSO DOPING. I'm not sure he gained a competitive advantage when the entire field was also doping.   Lewis Blacks rant on John Stewart earlier this week was spot on.
This article leaves quite a bit of information out, I gather. Poorly written. How many corporations is he getting paid from? What were the terms of the agreement? It sounds like Kiyosaki himself isn't going bankrupt, it sounds like some small, off-shoot is taking the brunt of the damages so the rest of his assets can move on. This guy knows how to protect himself and his companies. This could be nothing more than a parking ticket for him, and this news website decided to sensationalize it. What a surprise.
&gt;&gt; Why would the executives take accept a salary at 80% of the market wage when they could just get a job at 100% of the market wage.  &gt;This may be true for managers, but research has found little to no evidence of a relationship between executive pay and performance.  If that were true, the company shareholders could replace them all with monkeys, and give all that executive pay to themselves.  &gt; without telling shareholders how much they're costing them.  Now that just seems disingenuous. How do you think they could possibly hide that from the shareholders?
"So? In the past, if you did not know, only 2% of the population had bachelor degrees.  You know very well that, unless you physically drop from high school, you will graduate, even if you can barely read, write or answer ""if you drive 70 MPH, how long does it take to drive 70 miles?""  And as a former professor in the university, I was told I can't fail students even if they are complete illiterate idiots.  33% (one in three!) of the population having [worthless] Bachelor degrees and going into debt because of that is terrible!!! It's not realistic.  They lowered the requirement to finish high school and bachelor degree so much that those degrees became worthless."
Those folks should be introduced to some real estate folks I know, they'd get along famously, being as how they still think it's 2007. The amount of housing out there requires that a large market of consumers is available to purchase them. If housing prices rose infinitely ahead of salaries, the market for potential buyers would continue to shrink until supply would outstrip demand. And then we have the wonderful housing bubble like the one that we just went through (or in some places like China, have the potential to go through). Short version: It violates the relationship between supply and demand.
"If they made deposits 20 years ago, and none since, the S&P is up over 300% since then. i.e. a return of $40,000 on $10,000 invested. We wouldn't expect to see that full return, as a prudent mix of stock and bonds (or any treasury bills/CDs, etc) would lower the overall return during this period.  Advice ""Transfer the money, directly to an IRA at a broker, Fidelity, Schwab, Vanguard, etc.""  For most people, going after the advisor isn't worth it, unless the sums are large and the poor management, pretty clear.  The lesson for readers here - monitor your investments. Ask questions. It's not about ""beating the market"" which can actually create more risk, but about understanding the returns you see, and the fees you are spending. The mistake didn't occur at the time the money was invested, but every year it wasn't monitored."
You can but there is no point trading CFD's seeing you may still lose more than your investment due to slippage
If I understand you right, people are giving the LLC money for an ownership share.  That is NOT income - it would go under equity on the balance sheet.  It is analogous to getting a loan from the bank.  It is not income - you get cash (an asset) and have an increase to debt (a liability)
Alright business types, how is facebook worth anywhere near 24B? Where is this revenue coming from?   Also, how are they so sure facebook isn't going to be the next myspace, given how fickle the population is and how many people are already fed up with facebook to the point where they have closed accounts?
In reference to the original question: You put pretax (untaxed) money into an IRA.  If this was a rollover from a company plan (like a 401k), your company may have also put pretax dollars in.  As the account grows, you get gains on all of this money.  The government gives you this amazing deal because they want you to save for retirement.  But, they also want you to eventually spend the money in retirement and they want to collect those deferred taxes.  So they require RMDs starting at age 70.5.  To guarantee that people follow the rules, they make a stiff penalty for not doing so. The IRS has the option to forgive a forgotten RMD distribution penalty, if you can convince them that it was a true oversight and not a deliberate flouting of the rules.
It depends what you want to do with them.  If you are just simply going to drip-feed into pre-identified shares or ETFs every few months at the market price, you don't need fancy features: just go with whoever is cheaper.   You can always open another account later if you need something more exotic. Some brokerages are associated with banks and that may give you a benefit if you already deal with that bank: faster transfers (anz-etrade), or zero brokerage (westpac brokerage on westpac structured products.) There's normally no account fee so you can shop around.
This answer fills in some of the details you are unsure about, since I'm further along than you. I bought the ESPP shares in 2012.  I didn't sell immediately, but in 2015, so I qualify for the long-term capital gains rate. Here's how it was reported: The 15% discount was reported on a W2 as  it was also mentioned twice in the info box (not all of my W2's come with one of these) but also  This showed the sale trade, with my cost basis as the discounted price of $5000. And for interests sake, I also got the following in 2012: WARNING! This means that just going ahead and entering the numbers means you will be taxed twice! once as income and once as capital gains. I only noticed this was happening because I no longer worked for the company, so this W2 only had this one item on it. This is another example of the US tax system baffling me with its blend of obsessive compulsive need for documentation coupled with inexplicably missing information that's critical to sensible accounting. The 1099 documents must (says the IRS since 2015) show the basis value as the award price (your discounted price).   So reading the form 8949: Note: If you checked Box D above but the basis reported to the IRS was   incorrect, enter in column (e) the basis as reported to the IRS, and   enter an adjustment in column (g) to correct the basis. We discover the number is incorrect and must adjust.  The actual value you need to adjust it by may be reported on your 1099, but also may not (I have examples of both). I calculated the required adjustment by looking at the W2, as detailed above. I gleaned this information from the following documents provided by my stock management company (you should the tax resources section of your provider):
Sounds like there are a lot of smarts behind that young brain. Or does he have the right people working for him?  Does anyone think he will turn into a typical young hollywood icon? Burned out, drugged up, and done with everything by 24?
omg, finally! I really did not feel like going through the whole anti-process. That would have been a cluster I swear. Can someone send this to google or apple?  PS pro tip, if this can make to the DoJ's desk pick up those netflix shares since after breaking these two up Netflix will finally earn a real margin.
Vanguard offers an index fund. Their FTSE Social Index Fund. For more information on it, go here.
Depends whom the 1099 was issued to. If it was issued to your corporation - then its your corporation's income, not yours. Why would it go to your tax return? Your corporation and you are two separate legal entities. You will have to file the 1120S, whether you have corporate income or not, it has to be filed each year. So why make a mess of your reporting and not just report the corporation income on its return and your personal income on your own return? If you no longer use the corporation and all the 1099's are issued to you personally, then just dissolve it so that you won't have to file an empty 1120S every year and pay additional fees for maintaining it.
There are really two answers, depending on your goal. You're either trying to preserve wealth, or increase wealth. In the case of preserving wealth, undervalued blue chip stocks are always a great move. Bonus points if they have a history of increasing dividend payments. The best example I have is bank stocks - the continuously change their dividend payouts (usually to the benefit of investors), and at the same time, many have been undervalued, or over-whelped during the downturn.  Alternatively, you can let things sit, and buy high quality corporate bonds. I'm seeing (daily) offers from my brokerage's new issues list for high quality bonds paying 5.75%-7.25%. While you have to lock in your money for the period, the rate of return tends to offset lock-in worries, and you can still usually sell the shares in a secondary market, or through your broker.
"If I recall, Duke and Dynergy were both heavily involved in the Enron-style defrauding of California back in the late 90s where they'd split their business into various ""independent"" sectors, the parent company would charge sub-companies lots and pass those costs to the division servicing energy to CA while claiming ""thin margins"" justifying high energy fees.  I wonder if this is a pre-cursor to try to do the same thing to the midwest that they did to CA just before the elections in 2000. Drive up energy costs dramatically to incite anger at the existing administration, perhaps targeting individual states?"
Profit = Sale price - Basis Basis = Purchase price - any depreciation taken, including expensing it.
He alienated whole countries and races of people. He also alienated more than half of America and he's wondering why  no one wants to buy his tacky condos or stay in his sub standard hotels? Moron. His base can't afford to buy those condos or stay at his hotels not till he gets rid those damn immigrants stealing coal jobs.
Here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content:   * [Sales of beer down 3.1% in Germany in the first nine months of 2017](https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/79nk88/sales_of_beer_down_31_in_germany_in_the_first/) on /r/Economics with 0 karma (created at 2017-10-30 21:04:28 by /u/piaxtla)  ----   ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot  ^^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index)-[Code](https://github.com/PokestarFan/DuplicateBot)-[Bugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypgmx/bugs_and_problems/)-[Suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypg85/suggestion_for_duplicatesbot/)-[Block](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index#wiki_block_bot_from_tagging_on_your_posts)  ^^Now ^^you ^^can ^^remove ^^the ^^comment ^^by ^^replying ^^delete!
Our standard of living is much higher than our grandparent's or great grandparent's. Do we really need to list all the consumer goods that are now considered essential to a modern middle class family that simply did not exist 50-100 years ago? A lot of people complain that they can't afford the things their parents had, but how much of what you do have or pay a monthly bill for do you really need?
Yeah, it ends up being a bail out.   But then again, the tax payers bailed out the banks during the financial crisis (a crisis that was largely perpetuated by them) so should it be okay not to help bail these homeowners out during an actual natural disaster...
The Limit Order are matched based on amount and time. The orders are listed Highest to Lowest on the Buy Side. The orders are listed Lowest to Highest on the Sell Side. If there are 2 Sell orders for same amount the order which is first in time [fractions of milliseconds] is first.  The about is the example as to how the orders would look like on any exchange.  Now the highest price the buyer is ready to pay is 20.21 and the lowest price a seller is ready to sell for is 20.25. Hence there is no trade. Now if a new Buy order comes in at 20.25, it matches with the sell and the deal is made. If a new Buy order comes in at 20.30, it still matches at 20.25. Similarly if a Sell order come in at 20.21, it matches and a deal is made. If a Sell order come in at 20.11, it still matches 20.21.   Incase of market order, with the above example if there is a Buy order, it would match with the lowest sell order at 20.25, if there is not enough quantity , it would match the remaining quantity to the next highest at 20.31 and continue down. Similarly if there is a Sell market order, the it would match to the maximum a seller is ready to buy, ie 20.21, if there is not sufficient buy quantity at 20.21, it will match with next for 20.19   If say there are new buy order at 20.22 and sell orders at 20.24, these will sit first the the above queue to be matched. In your above example the Lowest Sell order was at 20.10 at time t1 and hence any buy order after time t1 for amount 20.10 or greater would match to this and the price would be 20.10. However if the Buy order was first ie at t1 there was a buy order for 20.21 and then at time later than t1, there is a sell order for say 20.10 [amount less than or equal to 20.21] it would match for 20.21. Essentially the market looks at who was the first to sell at lower price or who was the first to buy at higher price and then decide the trade.  Edit [To Clarify xyz]: Say if there is an Sell order at $10 Qty 100. There is a buyer who is willing to pay Max $20 and is looking for Qty 500. Your key assumption that the Buyer does not know the current SELL price of $10 is incorrect. Now there are multiple things, the Buyer knows the lowest Sell order is at $10, he can put a matching Buy order at $10 Qty 100, and say $11 Qty 100 etc. This is painful. Second, lets say he puts a Buy order at $10 Qty 100, by the time the order hits the system someone else has put the trade at $10 and his order is fulfilled. So this buyer has to keep looking at booking and keep making adjustments, if its a large order, it would be extremely difficult and frustrating for this Buyer. Hence the logic of giving preference. The later Buy order says ... The Max I can pay is $20, match eveything at the current price and get the required shares.
If you want the cheapest online broker in Australia, you can't go past CMC Markets, they charge $9.90 upto a $10,000 trade and 0.1% above that. There is no ongoing fees unless you choose to have dynamic data (stock prices get updated automatically as they change). However, the dynamic data fee does get waived if you have about 10 or more trades per month. You don't really need the dynamic data unless you are a regular trader anyway. They also provide some good research tools and some basic charting. Your funds with them are kept segragated in a Bankwest Account, so are resonably safe. They don't provide the best interest on funds kept in the account, so it is best to just deposit the funds when you are looking to buy, and move your funds elswhere (earning higher interest) when selling. Hopes this helps, regards Victor. Update They have now increased their basic brokerage to a minimum of $11 per trade unless you are a frequent trader.
"I think Swenson's insight was that the traditional recommendation of 60% stocks plus 40% bonds has two serious flaws: 1) You are exposed to way too much risk by having a portfolio that is so strongly tied to US equities (especially in the way it has historically been recommend). 2) You have too little reward by investing so much of your portfolio in bonds. If you can mix a decent number of asset classes that all have equity-like returns, and those asset classes have a low correlation with each other, then you can achieve equity-like returns without the equity-like risk. This improvement can be explicitly measured in the Sharpe ratio of you portfolio. (The Vanguard Risk Factor looks pretty squishy and lame to me.) The book the ""The Ivy Portfolio"" does a great job at covering the Swenson model and explains how to reasonably replicate it yourself using low fee ETFs."
The following have been recommended to me for the UK: When I was doing my investigations, all had good reputations but Interactive Investor looked to have the nicer service and their fees seemed a bit more reasonable.  TD Waterhouse has the advantage of a number of sites serving local markets (TD Ameritrade for the US, for instance).
I was in Mexico after The Donald got elected. Mexicans were friendly with me but definitely uneasy. Hopefully the ones I talked to about Trump were put at ease when I said he is just full of hot air and not much else. So far, that's the case.
I had a similar decision to make. I got offered a modest salary near Philly, or a better salary plus a nice bonus in New York. I chose New York. I'm loving it so far but who knows what will happen. I'm actually saving a lot of money as I automatically have it deduct from my paycheck and disperse into several savings accounts. I guess it's different for everyone and you have to consider your situation before applying a blanket advice
"So many complicated answers for a straight forward question. First to this point ""I am failing to see why would a person get an IRA, instead of just putting the same amount of money into a mutual fund..."" An IRA can be invested in a mutual fund.  The IRA benefit over standard mutual fund is pre-tax contribution lowering your current tax liability. The advantage of an IRA over a 401k is control.  Your employer controls where the 401k is invested, you control where your IRA is invested.  Often employers have a very small number of options, because this keeps their costs with the brokerage low. 401k is AMAZING if you have employer matched contributions.  Use them to the maximum your employer will match.  After that OWN your IRA.  Control is key when it comes to your money. On IRA's. Buy ROTH first.  Contribute the calendar maximum.  Then get a traditional.  The benefit of ROTH is that you already paid taxes on the contribution so your withdrawal is not taxed AND they do not tax the interest earned like they do on a standard mutual fund."
Be serious about delivering value in everything. Be serious about answering your emails. Be serious about returning your voice messages. Be serious about delivering positive results. Be serious about treating clients like they are actually paying your salary. Be serious about tracking metrics. Be serious about putting your goals on paper…a Word file works. Be serious about positioning your company to win. Be serious about flying with the eagles. Be serious about being lean. Be serious about making your company legal. Be serious about finding a good accountant. Be serious about being visible everywhere it counts. Be serious about going mobile. Be serious about writing that book. Be serious about getting out of your comfort zone. Be serious about putting technology in its place. Be serious about generating qualified leads. Be serious about broadening your sales funnel. Be serious about moving the needle. Be serious about following influencers. Be serious about mentoring someone. Be serious about forming strategic alliances. Be serious about accepting change. Be serious about being the best at your core skills. Be serious about not following shinning objects. Be serious about not wasting time.  What comes to your mind when you think about being serious in the coming business year? Let us in on your thoughts.
The closer the contribution is to the December 31st date, the more profitable that specific contribution is, only taking into consideration the 5% discount. On your case, the first contribution that beats your student loans interest rate is the August one, where you get about 9% annual return, the remaining contributions go up from there.
"Sensitive topic ;) Inflation is a consequence of the mismatch between supply and demand.  In an ideal world the amount of goods available would exactly match the demand for those goods.   We don't live in an ideal world. One example of oversupply is dollar stores where you can buy remainders from companies that misjudged demand.  Most recently we've seen wheat prices rise as fires outside Moscow damaged the harvest and the Russian government banned exports. And that introduces the danger of inflation. Inflation is a signal, like the pain you feel after an injury.  If you simply took a painkiller you may completely ignore a broken leg until gangrene took your life. Governments sometimes ""ban"" inflation by fixing prices.  Both the Zimbabwean and Venezuelan governments have tried this recently.  The consequence of that is goods become unavailable as producers refuse to create supply for less than the cost of production. As CrimonsX pointed out, governments do desperately want to avoid deflation as much as they want to avoid hyperinflation. There is a ""correct"" level and that has resulted in the monetary policy called ""Inflation targetting"" where central banks attempt to manage inflation into a target range (usually around 2% to 6%). The reason is simply that limited inflation drives investment and consumption.  With a guaranteed return on investment people with cash will lend it to people with ideas.  Consumers will buy goods today if they fear that the price will rise tomorrow. If prices fall (as they have done during the two decades of deflation in Japan) then the result is lower levels of investment and employment as companies cut production capacity.  If prices rise to quickly (as in Zimbabwe and Venezuela) then people cannot save enough or earn enough and so their wealth is drained away. Add to this the continual process of innovation and you see how difficult it is to manage inflation at all.  Innovation can result in increased efficiency which can reduce prices.  It can also result in a new product which is sufficiently unique to allow predatory pricing (the Apple iPhone, new types of medicines, and so on). The best mechanism we have for figuring out where money should be invested and who is the best recipient of any good is the price mechanism.  Inflation is the signal that investors need to learn how best to manage their efforts. We hide from it at our peril."
It's not totally serious, but it's an interesting solution to the problem.  You pay them in equity into a trust that then has some operational control.  Meaning they are being compensated for their labor and have their sentience acknowledged.  This would mean they merit more reasonable accommodations since they're employees, and produce distributions which can be used to buy more control or for environmental charity.   I'd also find the inevitable editorials / comments that their QoL has surpassed the foreign labor going through Disney University amusing.
Firstly it is completely legal for a company to buy its own shares, I don't believe it would be legal to do so secretly. It would also be very difficult to do that secretly.   So hypothetically we have a company Johnbbob Inc. It doesn't have any assets other than $100 in a bank account and there are 100 shares each owned by a different person. Each share would be worth $1. So the company decides to buy one share. Now there is $99 in the account and 99 shares, each share is still worth $1. So the company continues to buy shares until there is only one share left and $1 in the account. If the company buys that last share it will no longer have any assets and will cease to exist, effectively dissolving the company.  TL:DR it is called dissolving the company or dissolution and it happens fairly often with limited liability corporations.
"People borrow money all the time to buy a house. Banks will lend money on one (up to 80%, sometimes more), because they consider it an ""investment."" If you own a large company and want to expand, a bank or bond issuer will first look at what you plan to do with the money, like build new factories, or whatever. Based on their experience, they may judge that you will earn enough money to pay them back. If you don't, they may ""repossess"" your factories and sell them to someone who can pay. As protection, you may be asked to ""mortgage"" your existing company to protect the lenders of the new money. If you don't pay back the money, the lenders get not only your new ""factories"" but also your existing company."
She might change her mind later on in her career.  My background's in consulting rather than IBD, but having a prestigious name on my resume seems to make a significant difference. I'm currently looking at moving, and am surprised by the number of roles that are only open to candidates with MBB experience...
You need to first visit the website of whatever state you're looking to rent the property in and you're going to want to form the LLC in that particular state. Find the Department of Licensing link and inquire about forming a standard LLC to register as the owner of the property and you should easily see how much it costs. If the LLC has no income history, it would be difficult for the bank to allow this without requiring you to personally guarantee the loan. The obvious benefit of protecting yourself with the LLC is that you protect any other personal assets you have in your name. Your liability would stop at the loan.  The LLC would file its own taxes and be able to record the income against the losses (i.e. interest payments and other operating expenses.). This is can be beneficial depening on your current tax situation. I would definitely recommend the use of a tax accountant at that point.  You need to be sure you can really afford this property in the worst case scenario and think about market leasing assumption, property taxes, maintenance and management (especially if you've moved to another state.)
That might happen if this incident leads to a deflationary demand for consumer credit instruments in the US to approaching Third World penetration levels. Ironic, as the consumer credit industry is spending gigadollars trying to spark the same consumer credit frenzy in those countries.  The demographics are already primed for turning away from consumer credit, as the Millennials are already increasingly predisposed against credit as they age.
Get a BMO US Mastercard and pay everything using that Mastercard? Unless you really have to pay using Chequing and Savings account.
There is still public education in California, even if it is declining.   Single payer healthcare can also run into the same issue or declining funding.       Prop 13 in California is a disaster, enriching the elderly at the expense of the young.   Millennials copped it twice, with lower quality education through schooling AND now no affordable housing for their families, due to boomers not moving out of enormous housing due to taxes.
I don't think anyone can give you a definitive answer without knowing all about your situation, but some things to consider: If you are on a 1099, you have to pay self-employment tax, while on a W-2 you do not. That is, social security tax is 12.4% of your income. If you're a 1099, you pay the full 12.4%. If you're W-2, you pay 6.2% and the employer pays 6.2%. So if they offer you the same nominal rate of pay, you're 6.2% better off with the W-2. What sort of insurance could you get privately and what would it cost you? I have no idea what the going rates for insurance are in California. If you're all in generally good health, you might want to consider a high-deductible policy. Then if no one gets seriously sick you've saved a bunch of money on premiums. If someone does get sick you might still pay less paying the deductible than you would have paid on higher premiums. I won't go into further details as that's getting off into another question. Even if the benefits are poor, if there are any benefits at all it can be better than nothing. The only advantage I see to going with a 1099 is that if you are legally an independent contractor, then all your business expenses are deductible, while if you are an employee, there are sharp limits on deducting employee business expenses. Maybe others can think of other advantages. If there is some reason to go the 1099 route, I understand that setting up an LLC is not that hard. I've never done it, but I briefly looked into it once and it appeared to basically be a matter of filling out a form and paying a modest fee.
I am not sure about your country but I think each country must be having some fixed time frame for reversal of the transaction (Which must be less than a month), please inquire if that time limit has passed or not ? If it hasn't best will be to wait for some more time before informing them.  Once the reversal time limit has passed no one (Except government agencies with court orders) can withdraw money from your bank account without your written consent even if they have deposited it themselves. World would have been a strange place if this restriction was not there.  Since you want to close the account you can approach your previous boss (or executive from HR/Account department) and tell them your intention. After that either you can transfer money online to their account or give them a cheque which they can deposit in their account. This way things will end faster and you will be freed from this extra account.  If above process takes time another solution will be to transfer the money to your another (permanent) account and give them a cheque from this account. Here also you can use online transfers or by sending them a cheque through courier.  Whichever mode you choose to pay the money back make sure you have some documented proof that may be helpful in future.
"&gt; But I explicitly mentioned the customer experience, which is completely different and no matter how much you want your industry experience to matter for that, it doesn't affect it.  You mentioned the customer experience randomly in some parts, then threw in Wikileaks in others. If we're talking about the customer experience, we need to drop the payment processors aspect, because the majority of the time, the consumer doesn't even know who processes their card payments let alone care, and again, PayPal is not even close to the only option. If this were 1998 and people were really wary of buying online, then it would be a bigger deal to be banned from PayPal. But it's not 1998, and a ton of people don't care, and there are all kinds of alternatives.  PayPal can deny service all it wants (and it does that on a regular basis) and that in no way means that a business can't accept cards. You're ""customer experience"" premise is flawed. I literally spend all day helping businesses set up credit card processing, and PayPal is a drop in the bucket.   &gt;Could you clarify for me how VISA/MasterCard managed to block a merchant, who presumably wasn't a direct customer (but instead a payment processor customer), but cannot block a card holder? (yes, this is an honest question)  Visa and Mastercard have relationships with banks and/or processors, who have relationships with merchants. Visa and MC's agreements with banks and processors stipulate that those banks and processors can't offer services to companies engaging in illegal activity. Wikileaks was (allegedly) engaging in illegal activity, and it's on that basis that Visa and MC denied service to WL.  Visa and Mastercard have almost nothing to do with cardholders. They don't issue credit cards to cardholders, they aren't the ones that do credit checks to determine creditworthiness, they aren't the ones helping you with your monthly statement or a dispute, etc. Cardholders aren't Visa and MC's clients. When a transaction is run, it's authenticated by the bank that issued the card, not by Visa or MC, and it's the bank, not Visa or MC, that would block transactions or freeze a cardholder account.   &gt;The WikiLeaks blockade was clearly political. What makes you say otherwise? And this is political.  So your argument is that anything political is the same as anything else political? Kind of a stretch..  Wikileaks was denied service by the card brands for allegedly engaging in illegal activity. PayPal is denying service of its own volition, which FYI, it does every day to legal businesses. As long as their reasons for doing so aren't discriminatory based on status in a protected class, they are (and should be) allowed to refuse service."
Get involved a lawyer and Accountant. Without it you may not be sure what you are getting. What exactly will 30% mean for me? It will mean exactly what gets written in contract. It can mean you are owner of 30% of the company. If this is structured as partnership, it would also mean you are party to 30% loss. It can mean by current valuation, you get x fixed shares. In future if the directors creates more shares, your % ownership can get diluted. Or anything else. It all depends on what is written in contract and how the contract is structured. Is there anything I should I be aware of before agreeing? Get a draft and talk to a Lawyer and Accountant, they should be able to tell you exactly what it means and you can then decide if you agree to it or not; or need this contract worded differently.
"Came across this very nice video which explains the ""Long Straddle"". Thought will share the link here: http://www.khanacademy.org/finance-economics/core-finance/v/long-straddle"
I get CapIQ and Bloomberg, and I definitely prefer Bloomberg just because of the completeness of information. There's nowhere else that you can get a full financial statement breakdown and then seconds later have a debt distribution schedule and then with another couple keystrokes get a complete credit ratings history and have that only be scratching the surface of the info available. CapIQ is sometimes better than Bloomberg for street consensus estimates going out more than a year or two but I don't find myself using it that much.
If you look at S&P 500's closing price for the first trading day on December and January for the last 20 years, you will see that for 10 of these years, stocks did better overall and for 10 others they did worse. Thus you can see that the price of stocks do no necessarily increase. You can play around with the data here
"&gt; http://www.economist.com/node/654077  I appreciate the link but it doesn't support your position that rich descendants squander their fortunes.  It repeats your ""shirtsleeve"" saying (evening admitting it is only a saying) and then talks about how it is easier for Americans to invest and preserve that wealth.  &gt; Only 4% of dynasties survive 4 generations.  Your article does say this but you've rephrased it so it sounds like the fourth generation is wiped out.  A family business does not survive 4 generations but that doesn't mean the descendants are now poor.  Hell, this entire article is advice to abandon the family business and diversify investments to make the most money.  &gt; John Rockefeller was a rich man and his descendants are paupers.  You said Rockefeller but your link was for Vanderbilts.  Both of these families gave a lot to charities.  Bill Gates is planning to leave almost nothing to his kids but that doesn't mean the kids squandered their dad's money."
&gt;I would also imagine the Latinos you see are american  Some are. Many almost definitely aren't. Whatever their immigration status, they've all been exposed to good burritos. Some people simply care more about food/flavor than other people.   Interesting about Minneapolis! I had no idea. MN in general seems like a nice place on the outside, but I haven't spent any significant amount of time there. I was hoping the area would be cold enough to prevent mosquitoes, but it sounds like that's not the case.
"Mutual funds generally make distributions once a year in December with the exact date (and the estimated amount) usually being made public in late October or November. Generally, the estimated amounts can get updated as time goes on, but the date does not change. Some funds (money market, bond funds, GNMA funds etc) distribute dividends on the last business day of each month, and the amounts are rarely made available beforehand. Capital gains are usually distributed once a year as per the general statement above. Some funds (e.g. S&P 500 index funds) distribute dividends towards the end of each quarter or on the last business day of the quarter, and capital gains once a year as per the general statement above. Some funds make semi-annual distributions but not necessarily at six-month intervals. Vanguard's Health Care Fund has distributed dividends and capital gains in March and December for as long as I have held it. VDIGX claims to make semi-annual distributions but made distributions three times in 2014 (March, June, December) and has made/will make two distributions this year already (March is done, June is pending -- the fund has gone ex-dividend with  re-investment today and payment on 22nd). You can, as Chris Rea suggests, call the fund company directly, but in my experience, they are reluctant to divulge the date of the distribution (""The fund manager has not made the date public as yet"") let alone an estimated amount. Even getting a ""Yes, the fund intends to make a distribution later this month"" was difficult to get from my ""Personal Representative"" in early March, and he had to put me on hold to talk to someone at the fund before he was willing to say so."
If you can borrow for an asset that gives you income that's more than the cost of carrying the debt, then go for it. But the kinds of debts you have now aren't those kinds of debt, so get rid of them.
What is it that you think he is producing? He sells timeshares. If he quit selling timeshares someone else would. Maybe someone who thinks making 25% is good enough. That's how business works. It is why when you arrest one drug king pin 3 more pop up. Maybe even an employee at the current company.
Except they aren't a publicly traded company so their stock price is based on investment valuation.   Uber's value may or may not increase due to his resignation, but this sub is so full of armchair experts getting upvoted for half-truths that sound logical.
It's been a long time since I've used MS Money and/or Quickbooks (never Quicken), but I've used GnuCash over the past year or so. It works, but it does suffer from some usability problems. Some of the UI is clunky. Data entry sequences are a little harder than they should be. Reports could be a little prettier. But overall it does work, and it's the best I've found on linux. (I would definitely appreciate pointers to something better.)
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.smh.com.au/business/comment-and-analysis/metrics-obsessed-managers-should-be-careful-what-they-wish-for-unlike-the-banks-20170820-gy03je.html) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The slogans of the metrics brigade say &amp;quot;You can&amp;#039;t manage what you don&amp;#039;t measure&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;What gets measured gets done&amp;quot;.  &gt; Money-obsessed managers who see attaching money to performance indicators as the perfect way to ensure people are motivated to achieve the firm&amp;#039;s goals have failed to think hard about motivation.  &gt; Participants were randomly assigned to five different groups, which varied according to how employees were paid - fixed, or variable according to profits generated - and whether managers emphasised making profits or controlling risks.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6w2762/metricsobsessed_managers_should_be_careful_what/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~198562 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **measure**^#1 **risk**^#2 **manage**^#3 **profit**^#4 **compliance**^#5"
The only reason inflation has yet to show in the CPI is because the dollar is the global reserve currency and is the best house in a bad neighborhood, but that just means the rest of the world is becoming poorer at the same time as the U.S. - QE was 4 trillion. That's a debasement of the currency even if, for the reason I've already stated, it's not reflected in CPI.
We had a pilot restaurant in downtown Huntington Beach, it was called U.S. Taco Co. I'm not sure it is even there still. It was really great I mean I was very shocked to hear they were affiliated. Looking it up, it looks like it was closed...meh.
It depends on the size of the payroll, not on the number of employees.  Probably you need to file Form 941 quarterly under this scenario.  You may or may not need to deposit taxes more frequently.  If you must deposit, then you need to do it electronically. I excerpted this from the instructions for Form 941: If your total taxes (line 10) are less than $2,500 for   the current quarter or the preceding quarter, and you   did not incur a $100,000 next-day deposit obligation   during the current quarter. You do not have to make a deposit. To avoid a penalty, you must pay the amount in full with a timely filed return or you must deposit the amount timely. ... If you are not sure your total tax liability for the current quarter will be less than $2,500 (and your liability for the preceding quarter was not less than $2,500), make deposits using the semiweekly or monthly rules so you won't be subject to failure to deposit penalties. If your total taxes (line 10) are $2,500 or more for the   current quarter and the preceding quarter.  You must   make deposits according to your deposit schedule. See   section 11 of Pub. 15 (Circular E) for information and rules   about federal tax deposits. I would say that probably for two employees, you need to deposit by the 15th of each month for the prior month, but you really need to check the limits above and the deposit schedule in Pub 15 (as referenced above) based on your actual payroll size. Note that if you have a requirement to deposit, that must be done either through EFTPS or by wire-transfer.  The former is free but requires registration in advance of your first payment (they snail-mail you a PIN that you need to log-in) and it requires that you get your payment in by the night before.  The latter does not incur a charge from the IRS, but your bank will likely charge you a fee.  You can do the wire-transfer on the due date, however, so it's handy if don't get into ETFPS in time. This is all for federal.  You may also need to deposit for your state, and then you'll need to check the state's rules.
As others have pointed out, the value of Apple's stock and the NASDAQ are most likely highly correlated for a number of reasons, not least among them the fact that Apple is part of the NASDAQ. However, because numerous factors affect the entire market, or at least a significant subset of it, it makes sense to develop a strategy to remove all of these factors without resorting to use of an index. Using an index to remove the effect of these factors might be a good idea, but you run the risk of potentially introducing other factors that affect the index, but not Apple. I don't know what those would be, but it's a valid theoretical concern.  In your question, you said you wanted to subtract them from each other, and only see an Apple curve moving around a horizontal line. The basic strategy I plan to use is similar but even simpler. Instead of graphing Apple's stock price, we can plot the difference between its stock price on business day t and business day t-1, which gives us this graph, which is essentially what you're looking for:  While this is only the preliminaries, it should give you a basic idea of one procedure that's used extensively to do just what you're asking. I don't know of a website that will automatically give you such a metric, but you could download the price data and use Excel, Stata, etc. to analyze this.  The reasoning behind this methodology builds heavily on time series econometrics, which for the sake of simplicity I won't go into in great detail, but I'll provide a brief explanation to satisfy the curious. In simple econometrics, most time series are approximated by a mathematical process comprised of several components: In the simplest case, the equations for a time series containing one or more of the above components are of the form that taking the first difference (the procedure I used above) will leave only the random component. However, if you want to pursue this rigorously, you would first perform a set of tests to determine if these components exist and if differencing is the best procedure to remove those that are present. Once you've reduced the series to its random component, you can use that component to examine how the process underlying the stock price has changed over the years. In my example, I highlighted Steve Jobs' death on the chart because it's one factor that may have led to the increased standard deviation/volatility of Apple's stock price. Although charts are somewhat subjective, it appears that the volatility was already increasing before his death, which could reflect other factors or the increasing expectation that he wouldn't be running the company in the near future, for whatever reason. My discussion of time series decomposition and the definitions of various components relies heavily on Walter Ender's text Applied Econometric Time Series. If you're interested, simple mathematical representations and a few relevant graphs are found on pages 1-3. Another related procedure would be to take the logarithm of the quotient of the current day's price and the previous day's price. In Apple's case, doing so yields this graph:  This reduces the overall magnitude of the values and allows you to see potential outliers more clearly. This produces a similar effect to the difference taken above because the log of a quotient is the same as the difference of the logs The significant drop depicted during the year 2000 occurred between September 28th and September 29th, where the stock price dropped from 26.36 to 12.69. Apart from the general environment of the dot-com bubble bursting, I'm not sure why this occurred. Another excellent resource for time series econometrics is James Hamilton's book, Time Series Analysis. It's considered a classic in the field of econometrics, although similar to Enders' book, it's fairly advanced for most investors.  I used Stata to generate the graphs above with data from Yahoo! Finance: There are a couple of nuances in this code related to how I defined the time series and the presence of weekends, but they don't affect the overall concept. For a robust analysis, I would make a few quick tweaks that would make the graphs less appealing without more work, but would allow for more accurate econometrics.
Depends on the stock involved, but for the most part brokerages allow you gain entry at 50%, meaning you can short twice the cash on hand you have.   Going forward, you need to maintain 30%, so on a $10,000 short, you'd have to maintain $3000 in your account. Example, an account with $5000 cash - You can short $10,000 securities.  Let say 100 shares of xyz at $100 per share. After trade settles, you won't receive a margin call until your balance falls to $3000, probably right around the time xyz rises to $120 per share.  Riskier stocks will have higher margin maintenance requirements - leveraged vehicles like FAS/FAZ (triple leveraged) require 90% margin (3x30%) if they are allowed to be 'shorted' at all.
At some point I just wanted to make free apps for grocery stores just so I could stop wandering around their stores, especially in new locations.  Every single time someone who works there reminds me that you can't touch any of the digital systems as they're old and finicky and nobody is just going to go in there and add huge new features like that.  Blows my mind that even relatively simple stuff like inventory management can grow into these complex things, even though on the surface it doesn't appear to do very much.
"I don't know which field of work you're in, but in my field I found the classic ""fuck you, pay me now"" to be very beneficial to me. Go check it out. I hope it helps you out as much as it has helped me: http://creativemornings.com/talks/mike-monteiro--2/1"
"The obvious disadvantage of paying loans off more slowly is that you will pay a lot more in total interest... Which means less savings and less disposable income on the long term. Unless you are doing something with the money which produces more income than the interest costs you, this is very much ""penny wise, pound foolish"". If you aren't making money by paying that money, all you can do is loose money at the slowest rate you can afford. You do that by paying off the loan as quickly as you can afford to do so. It's up to you to look seriously at your finances and decide what your real needs are, how you're going to meet them, and how much you can afford beyond that while still paying off the loans as quickly as possible. Sloppiness now will cost you much more than you expect layer, due to the compounding you will have missed out on. Really.  See the questions about how to start saving/investing for answers that discuss how to prioritize your money. There are some steps you should be taking ASAP if you haven't already done so."
Fundamentally these are my opinions I am expressing. Even though I try to remain as factual as possible, and have significantly modified my opinion over the years as a result of apparently factual information, it's still technically just opinion.  &gt; My view is not so much that labour and finance capital returns need to be balanced (although that is probably a great thing to aim for), but that creation of wealth/capital needs to be intrinsically linked with the creation of real value.  By the way, when I say capital it's not generally just finance capital, but all operational capital goods. Which includes factories and all means of production. A certain amount of financing is needed to keep it operational, and more is needed to increase the means of production to grow overall wealth.  Have you ever heard of the [Bowley's law](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bowley%27s_law)? Basically you can't really push this ratio very far. If consumer demand dries up then production will get cut back to meat demand. Overproduction of stuff they can't sell is not what they are in business for. Likewise, is demand exceeds the capacity of production to keep up it pushes inflation, which drives up cost to reduce demand. So this ratio remains very nearly a constant. Even though this ratio was at historic highs in the 1970s, and historic lows today.  What happens when you artificially dry up labor returns, through excessive supply side policies, is that demand for production falls. Hence production is cut back to meet that demand. This of course reduces employment and increases job competition, which puts more downward on wages exacerbating the situation. Only once labor cost fall low enough it effectively subsidizes inefficient production methods which limits the falling wages at a reduced overall productivity. Note that this is under present circumstances, not those of the 1970s. This adaptive matching between production and demand insures that the Bowley ratio is never too far off of its historical averages, even if productivity is driven well below its potential.  More or less the same effect occurs for the opposite reason if capital return ratios are too low. Though with opposite effects on the inflation rate and such. When consumer demand is high enough capital will pay whatever labor cost is required to meet that demand, so long as it remains profitable enough, i.e., they get a reasonable ratio of the market return. Consumer demand with sufficient capital profit margins is what drives full employment, not the sheer volume of capital returns as present policies essentially assume. Yet you can't have a broad based consumer demand, to drive employment, without sufficient labor returns, as those labor returns is what finances that demand needed to drive employment.  So not only does labour and capital returns need to be balanced. Economics does NOT allow it to be unbalanced, at least for long. Even if balancing requires the economy to shrink, productivity to fall, etc., that is exactly what it will do to remain balanced. No choice given, no matter how draconian the regulations to force it. This is true under purely agrarian economies of the past, pure communism, and even ecology. This is why I am a capitalist, because nature gives me no choice. But acceptance of that fact does not require me to have an ounce of tolerance for cronyism.  The only thing we can do is not push this balance in either direction to destructive levels. Because destruction is what will happen for the balance to remain. Because so much of our productive capacity has been in productivity gains since the 1990s, and wages and demand have as yet not matched these productivity gains, we have a huge latent wealth capacity that continues to grow as we fail to take advantage of it. So far our supply side policies haven't so much destroyed wealth and productivity. Rather it has prevented us from seeing the potential gains from the latent productivity growth from technologies over the few decades.  ---  The last part you mention about wealth/capital needing to be intrinsically linked with the creation of real value. You are absolute 100% entirely correct. Perhaps even more than you know. Ever heard of planned obsolescence, or [The Light Bulb Conspiracy](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/light-bulb-conspiracy/)? That link is a documentary on the issue that will make you mad. We could almost certainly pay a flat 90% tax rate on everything and still not come close to what this issue cost us. That's not the only means this issue imposes cost, but it is extreme.   Of course just because an appliance still works doesn't mean people will not replace it with newer better models. But the trash pile insures there is a much more limited secondary market for poorer people. Consumption debt cost is also a far bigger issue than people recognize. Debt to finance capital goods for production is fine, as this feeds productivity and wealth in a manner that sustains itself even as the debt is paid. Consumption debt is an entirely different beast. Creating a significant section of the population that feeds on peoples income without producing a thing. Only to let allow people to consume income they haven't earned yet.  This generally falls under the category of rent seeking behavior. Yeah, the lack real value creation turns my stomach. That people will knowingly spend money on temporary non-essential novelties and such is all fine and dandy, but underhandedly renting our base appliances for a certain number of uses is outrageous in my book.
Stores have been using fake markups for centuries--this is nothing new. It isn't anymore deceptive than any other business practice that has been around forever. I know a story in the UES of Manhattan that has had a going out of business sale since at least 2010.  This is no PSA; it's an attempt at some viral marketing from yet another online clothes retailer. Yawn.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://timharford.com/2017/08/what-we-get-wrong-about-technology/) reduced by 97%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; So sophisticated is Rachael that she is impossible to distinguish from a human without specialised equipment; she even believes herself to be human.  &gt; &amp;quot;If 11th-century Europe had little use for paper,&amp;quot; writes Mark Kurlansky in his book Paper, &amp;quot;13th-century Europe was hungry for it.&amp;quot; When paper was embraced in Europe, it became arguably the continent&amp;#039;s earliest heavy industry.  &gt; If human skills are now so valuable, that low-end growth seems like a puzzle - but the truth is that many distinctively human skills are not at the high end.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6wyvcy/what_we_get_wrong_about_technology/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~201126 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **human**^#1 **paper**^#2 **technology**^#3 **invention**^#4 **more**^#5"
The best advice I can give to anyone who doesn't know a subject is to just start reading. At first you won't understand fuckall, but after a few months things will start to snap together in your head. I know it's hard considering most of us have this idea that to learn a subject we need to start at some sort of beginning but in reality there's no beginning or end of any subject. So just dive in and keep reading until it makes sense.
&gt; *I fail to see how moderate inflation is a bad thing*  The purchasing power of the currency slowly erodes, which means people's savings melt away.  So people are forced to invest into something they don't really understand and something that is completely rigged, instead of just having their savings in a currency.  [USD purchasing power](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-mAg6FMpNGpM/Ta9ICcEMonI/AAAAAAAABBM/UoQG8vxtBX0/s1600/U.S.%2BDollar%2BPurchasing%2BPower.jpg).
This article talks about State controlled banking, before 1913 - the power of printing money and all that was under control of the State (Congress). If they shut down the Federal Reserve, they would then be able to eliminate the fractional reserve banking method and government wouldn't have to pay intertest to borrow in their own currency.
&gt;I haven't been in /politics since the election where anyone that didn't support Hillary was either downvoted into oblivion or banned.   Okay, but that doesnt mean it hasnt happened.   &gt;Once CTR took over /politics, any posts supporting Bernie or criticizing Hillary's past were trashed.  These are all just cognitive bias. While they do support and tend to be this way it is not as extreme as you are making it out to be. Maybe if I have time I'll link 10-15 comments that illustrates why there are many exceptions to what youre saying.  There are no exception on for the r/T_Ds -- it is 100% tow the line or silence/ban.   &gt;Maybe it's changed since then now that the election money has dried up and CTR doesn't have the funds to pay shills to full-time manage /politics.   This is just speculation. We can say definitively however that r/T_Ds havent changes.
My suggestion would be to ask the planner as an initial question as there could be a couple possible explanations for a free meeting: Initial consultation - Within some industries there will be that first meeting which is free to see how well do two people work together.  In Canada there are some lawyers that will give a half-hour of their time and I'd imagine some financial planners may have a similar practice.  This would be where that first meeting is a half-hour or hour to see what is your situation and what expertise do you want that the planner would have. Straight commission - There is also the possibility that the planner is compensated by the products you purchase through him.  In this case, the mutual fund companies, insurance companies and other institutions that he recommends will be handling his compensation.  While this does present a conflict of interest, you have to decide whether you want a fee-only planner which wouldn't have this issue though you'd have to pay out of pocket. Something to consider is what are you bringing to this meeting and how long is it intended to be.  If you are bringing a lot of paperwork then it is definitely worth asking upfront while if it is an informal chat for a half hour then things may be different.
No, it is the same as it has always been. The market gives a valuation of a company based off its expected discounted cash flow.   Only problem we see is that many growth companies ($TSLA!!!) are being given the benefit of the doubt in regards to their expected growth and future profitability. **IF** Tesla does grow as many expect, then current share prices are definitely justifiable. But since when do we price things based on their ideal scenario? This market has lost its grip on risk-reward and risk tolerance. Does even a Tesla bull think that the company even has a &gt;10% chance at ever exceeding expectations in regards to near-future growth or profitability? And even those who are invested in the company admit there is a serious chance that Tesla fails to reach expectations for growth/margins.  Either way the market will cool soon. And negative cash flow companies with ultra-aggressive growth targets will be punished.  ---  If I wasn't poor/saving up to buy a house. I'd love to purchase 100 [January 2019 $50 Put Leaps at a cost of $0.55 each](http://www.nasdaq.com/symbol/tsla/option-chain/190118P00050000-tsla-put) (total cost $5,500).  A Tesla BK before January 18th 2019 would mean $50x100x100 - $5,500 = **$494,500** net profit WOW.  A reduction in market cap to $5 Billion and increase in outstanding shares to 200 million (currently at 167M) results in a net profit of **$244,500**  A reduction in market cap to $10 Billion with the same share dilution results in share price of $50 and thus a full loss of my $5,500. :(
Let's stop right there. Are you implying that the Ukrainian military shot down MH17 and made it look as if Russia was involved, as well as enlisting the U.S. intelligence community in their coverup of murdering of a couple hundred citizens of an allied nation and member of NATO?
No clue, why you are getting downvoted. Most people need to understand that entry level positions garner entry level pay, and it's only after being loyal to a company that you get paid much more. However, if work sucks, they ought to do the best to find another one.
"I read up on it and saw that the IRS can ""charge"" the loan provider on   interest even if the loan provider doesn't charge interest, but this   is normally mitigated by the 0% interest being considered a gift and   as long as it's below X amount your fine. Yes, this sums it up. X is the amount of the gift exemption, the $14K. However, you must differ between loan with no interest and loan with no paying back. With loan with no interest you're still giving a statutory gift of the IRS mandated minimum interest. However, the principal is expected to be repaid to you and you must show that this expectation is reasonably fulfilled. If you cannot (i.e.: you gave a ""loan"" with no intention of it being paid back), then the IRS will recharacterize the whole amount as the gift, and you'll be on the hook for gift tax for the amounts above the exemption. What defines a loan vs a gift in terms of the IRS, is it simply that   the loan will be paid back, or is it only considered a loan if a   promisary note is made? As I said - you must be able to show that the loan is indeed a loan, even if it is with no interest. I.e.: it is being repaid, it is treated as a loan by all parties, and is not an attempt to evade gift tax. Promissory note is not a must, but will definitely be helpful in showing that. But without the de-facto repayment of the loan, it will be hard to argue that it is not a gift, even if you have a promissory note. That means, you should make a loan in such a way that the borrower will (begin) repaying it reasonably soon, so that you can show payment schedule being followed and money moving back to you. Reasonably soon is not of course defined in a statute, so do consult with a EA/CPA licensed in your state on how to structure the loan so that it will not appear as an attempt to evade the gift tax. Are there any limits on how big a loan can be? No, but keep in mind that even with statutory interest charges (published by the IRS monthly, see the link), with large enough loan you can exceed the gift tax exemption. Also, keep in mind that interest is taxable income to you. Even if you gift it back (i.e.: the statutory interest)."
OMG, I'm sorry about where you live. I could name 6 local burger joints off the top of my head within 15 miles of me that have better burgers for cheaper than McD's premium products. I'm sure there are many more if I researched it. I think McD is relatively expensive.
Volume @ 0 doesn't mean that there are no buyers and sellers, it just means that there hasn't been any trades done yet. What you need to look for are the bids and offers (for selling and buying, respectively). For further expiration and NTM or IT options there will almost always be a bid and an offer (but it may be very wide). Now, in case where there is 0 bid (no one is willing to buy), you may still have a chance if the option has some value in it. For that - you need your broker to try to shop it to market making firms. Now, depending on who your broker is, this may or may not be possible. Alternatively, if you have DMA (direct market access) to the options exchanges, you can try to put in an offer of your own and wait for someone to execute against you, however do not expect to be traded with unless your price is out of line with the cost. However, in wide markets, you can try Lampost options (they may give you price improvement) or try to offer very close to the bid. You may save yourself a penny or two and perhaps get a rebate if you are using BATSO or NASDAQO markets (if you have DMA and pass-through exchange fees).
"My company makes books.  It is a start-up going through hard times right now.  It is too soon to say if we are ultimately going to be successful, so we might not be the best example of triumph following adversity.  We certainly can fulfill the ""hard times"" part, though.  Let me know if I can be of any help."
Drain City Toronto plumbers use high pressure water jetting technology, for effectively removing sediment, grease, and waste, to thoroughly clean the inside of your drains and sewer pipes in the ground. Our plumbers use only the best equipment available, and you’ll receive quality jetting services done by our knowledgeable and experienced plumbers. Learn more details visit here: http://www.draincity.com/high-pressure-water-jetting-services/
If you're relatively certain that you're going to meet the requirements, it sounds like a good move for you. The #1 priority with emergency funds should be easy access to the money when you need it.  Before the current economic situation, money market funds were great for this since they preserved the value of the dollars you put in.  Now the rates on money market accounts are barely better than the 0.2% you're currently getting.
Credited to your account means amount has been deposited to your account(this will be your income). Debited from your account means withdrawn from your account(This will be your expense). Hope this clarifies your question. Regards Jayanthi
I'd worry about being robbed or losing the money en-route. Is it likely? Probably not. But wow, I wouldn't want to lose serious money in one shot. I have fond memories of the time I was serving as treasurer for a non-profit organization and I was taking $30,000 in contributions to the bank. As I walked across the parking lot with all that money in my brief case, I thought, I would really hate to be robbed right now. When I've moved long distances in the past, I've simply written myself a check from my old account and then deposited that amount to my new account. These days I presume I'd do an electronic transfer. I live in the US so I don't know what the conventions are in Europe, but around here, 5% would be an outrageous fee. I once paid $20 for an electronic transfer of around $3,000, and I considered that an excessive fee. I can understand the bank charging a few bucks, but. I'd check around if there are not other banks with more reasonable fees.
You were an unsecured creditor. If Refco had a corporate credit card Visa would be in the exact same position you were. Nothing to do with being the little guy per se, just that UCC Article 9/the Bankruptcy Code has a massive preference for secured creditors over unsecureds. (Which I think is not the best idea, but for other reasons.)  Just took my Secured Credit final a few days ago.
You don't even know why licenses you need? And you're asking Reddit? You will be doing a disservice to any client who has the misfortune of having you as an investment advisor. Go work for an established shop for a bit and learn the ropes. How could you dream of asking someone to trust you with their money when you know as little as you do?
In regards to the legal recourse, no there is none.  Also, despite your frustrations with Citi, it may not be their fault.  Mortgage companies are now forced to select appraisers (essentially at random) through 3rd party Appraisal Resource Companies (ARCs).  This randomization mandate from the government was issued in order to combat fraud, but it is really causing more trouble for homeowners because it took away appraiser accountability.  Basically, there's nothing we can do to fire an appraiser anymore.  I've had appraiser do terrible jobs, just blatantly wrong, and have gone the distance with the dispute process only to find they won't change the value.  My favorite real-life example came from an appraiser who got the bedroom count wrong (4 instead of 5); yet he took pictures of 5 bedrooms.  The one he excluded he stated it shouldn't count because it didn't have a closet.  Problem is, it DID have a closet.  I had the homeowner take pictures of all of the closets in his house, and send them in.  He still refused to change the count.  After close to 2 months of the dispute process, the ARC came in and changed the count, but did not chagne the value, stating that the room count didn't increase the sqft, and there would be no adjustment in value.  I was floored.  The only solution we had was to wait for the appraisal to expire, then order it again; which we did.  The new appraiser got the count right, and surprisingly (not really), it came in at the right value... In regards to the value necessary to avoid MI, they are likely using 80%, but it's not based on your current balance vs the value, it's based on the new loan amount (which will include costs, prepaids, skipped mortgage payments, etc) vs the value. Here are your options: Get a new appraisal.  If you are confident the value is wrong, go somewhere else and get a new appraisal. Restructure the loan.  Any competent Loan Officer would have noticed that you are very close to 80%, and should have offer you the option of splitting the mortgage into a 1st and 2nd loan.  Keeping the first loan at 80%, and taking out a 2nd for the difference would avoid MI. Best Regards, Jared Newton
First: the question is irrelevant for purchases on exchange, mostly. Majority of sales on stock exchanges is between shareholders. If however you buy directly from the company (in a IPO, or direct share purchase program of some kind, like ESPP), then it does end up showing in the company account ledgers one way or another. It then become part of company's total assets, and the newly sold shares add to the equity.
Scrip dividends are similar to stock splits. With a stock split, 100 shares can turn into 200 shares; with scrip dividends they might turn into 105 shares.
A mortgage will show as a lien on your property. Say your home is worth 400,000 (money units) but you only owe 200,000. A lender may be willing to be second in line, lending you another 100,000.
Ons bedrijf heeft u een goede keuze van infraroodcabines en keukenwinkels. Van klein tot groot en maatwerk is mogelijk. U kunt verwachten kwaliteit en duurzaamheid bij een stand te kopen. U kunt er zeker van zijn dat u kunt gaan genieten van uw aankoop zeer lange tijd.
"It depends on the rules in the specific places you stay.  Specific places being countries or states.   Some states may consider pension payments to be taxable income, others may not.  Some may consider presence for X days to constitute residency, X days may be 60 days in a calendar year whether or not those days are continuous.   It doesn't matter so much where your mailbox or mail handling service is located, it matters: You may owe taxes in more than one place.  Some states will allow you to offset other states' taxes against theirs.  Some states in the US are really harsh on income taxes.  It's my understanding that if you own real estate in New York, all of your income, no matter the source, is taxable income in New York whether or not you were ever in the state that year. Ultimately, you can't just put up your hand and say, ""that's my tax domicile so I'm exempt from all your taxes.""  There is no umbrella US regulation on this topic, the states determine who they consider to be residents and how those residents are to be taxed. While it's possible you may be considered a resident of multiple states and owe income taxes in multiple states, it's equally possible that you won't meet the residency criteria for any state regardless of whether or not that state has an income tax.  The issue you face, as addressed in @Jay's answer, Oklahoma will consider you a resident of OK until you have established residency somewhere else."
"P/E alone would not work very well. See for example http://www.hussmanfunds.com/html/peak2pk.htm and http://www.hussmanfunds.com/rsi/profitmargins.htm (in short, P/E is affected too much by cyclical changes in profit margins, or you might say: booms inflate the E beyond sustainable levels, thus making the P/E look more favorable than it is). Here's a random blog post that points to Schiller's normalized earnings measure: http://seekingalpha.com/article/247257-s-p-500-is-expensive-using-normalized-earnings I think even Price to Sales is supposed to work better than P/E for predicting 10-year returns on a broad index, because it effectively normalizes the margins. (Normalized valuation explains the variance in 10-year returns better than the variance in 1-year returns, I think I've read; you can't rely on things ""reverting to mean"" in only 1 year.) Another issue with P/E is that E is more subject to weird accounting effects than for example revenues. For example whether stock compensation is expensed or one-time write-offs are included or whatever can mean you end up with an economically strange earnings number. btw, a simple way to do what you describe here would be to put a chunk of money into funds that vary equity exposure. For example John Hussman's fund has an elaborate model that he uses to decide when to hedge. Say you invest 40% bonds, 40% stocks, and 20% in Hussman Strategic Growth. When Hussman fully hedges his fund, you would effectively have 40% in stocks; and when he fully unhedges it, you would have 60% in stocks. This isn't quite the whole story; he also tries to pick up some gains through stock picking, so when fully hedged the fund isn't quite equivalent to cash, more like a market-neutral fund. (For Hussman Funds in particular, he's considered stocks to be overvalued for most of the last 15 years, and the fund is almost always fully hedged, so you'd want to be comfortable with that.) There are other funds out there doing similar stuff. There are certainly funds that vary equity exposure though most not as dramatically as the Hussman fund. Some possibilities might be PIMCO All-Asset All-Authority, PIMCO Multi-Asset, perhaps. Or just some value-oriented funds with willingness to deviate from benchmarks. Definitely read the prospectus on all these and research other options, I just thought it would be helpful to mention a couple of specific examples. If you wanted to stick to managing ETFs yourself, Morningstar's premium service has an interesting feature where they take the by-hand bottom-up analysis of all the stocks in an ETF, and use that to calculate an over- or under-valuation ratio for the ETF. I don't know if the Morningstar bottom-up stuff necessarily works; I'm sure they make the ""pro"" case on their site. On the ""con"" side, in the financial crisis bubble bursting, they cut their valuation on many companies and they had a high valuation on a lot of the financials that blew up. While I haven't run any stats and don't have the data, in several specific cases it looked like their bottom-up analysis ended up assuming too-high profit margins would continue. Broad-brush normalized valuation measures avoided that mistake by ignoring the details of all the individual companies and assuming the whole index had to revert to mean. If you're rich, I think you can hire GMO to do a varied-equity-exposure strategy for you (http://www.gmo.com/America/).  You could also look at the ""fundamental indexing"" ETFs that weight by dividends or P/E or other measures of value, rather than by market cap. The bottom line is, there are lots of ways to do tactical asset allocation. It seems complex enough that I'm not sure it's something you'd want to manage yourself. There are also a lot of managers doing this that I personally am not comfortable with because they don't seem to have a discipline or method that they explain well enough, or they don't seem to do enough backtesting and math, or they rely on macroeconomic forecasts that probably aren't reliable, or whatever. All of these tactical allocation strategies are flavors of active management. I'm most comfortable with active management when it has a fairly objective, testable, and logical discipline to it, such as Graham&Buffett style value investing, Hussman's statistical methods, or whatever it is.  Many people will argue that all active management is bad and there's no way to distinguish among any of it. I am not in that camp, but I do think a lot of active managers are bad, and that it's pretty hard to distinguish among them, and I think active management is more likely to help with risk control than it is to help with beating the market. Still you should know (and probably already do know, but I'll note for other readers) that there's a strong argument smart people make that you're best off avoiding this whole line of tactical-allocation thinking and just sticking to the pure cap-based index funds."
If one suffers from an injury due to car accident in Boca Raton there are experts who can immediately diagnose the patient and take prompt action to help him. In an accident, the neck and other areas of the musculo skeletal system get damaged, they get you rid of all problems. @ https://1800draccident.wordpress.com/2017/10/27/contact-at-a-leading-medical-practice-for-car-accident-boca-raton-injury-treatment/
[Image](https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/purity.png)  [Mobile](https://m.xkcd.com/435/)  **Title:** Purity  **Title-text:** On the other hand, physicists like to say physics is to math as sex is to masturbation\.  [Comic Explanation](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php/435#Explanation)  **Stats:** This comic has been referenced 1413 times, representing 0.8601% of referenced xkcds.  --- ^[xkcd.com](https://www.xkcd.com) ^| ^[xkcd sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd/) ^| ^[Problems/Bugs?](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd_transcriber/) ^| ^[Statistics](http://xkcdref.info/statistics/) ^| ^[Stop Replying](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=ignore%20me&amp;message=ignore%20me) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=delete&amp;message=delete%20t1_dksp032)
"The receiving Roth IRA custodian will almost certainly not charge you anything; they are eager to get their hands on the money. In fact, the easiest and most efficient way is to fill out the forms for opening a Roth IRA account with the new custodian (most of this can be done online, but it might be necessary to print out a paper form, sign it and send/fax it to the company), tell them that the Roth IRA will be funded by a trustee-to-trustee transfer from the current custodian, and tell them to go get the money from the online bank who is the current custodian of your Roth IRA account. Don't approach your online bank and tell them to send the money to your new Roth IRA custodian; it will cost money and take more time and the likelihood of a screw-up is way too high. The current custodian might charge you a fee for closing the account, or for ""breaking a CD"" if that savings account is a CD and you are withdrawing the money before the maturity date of the CD. This will be spelled out in the Roth IRA custodial agreement that you accepted when you opened the account (but most likely did not read in full when you received it, and might even have discarded). One final note: with just $11K, please do not open a brokerage account for your Roth IRA and invest in stocks, bonds etc.  For now, invest all your Roth IRA in a single low-cost mutual fund (preferably an index fund such as the Vanguard S&P 500 Index fund or Fidelity Spartan 500 fund); you can branch out into more funds when you have more money in your Roth IRA. Investing in these funds does not need you to have a brokerage account; you can do it directly on the fund's website. Avoid (for now) the siren song of Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) because you need to have a brokerage account to buy and sell them.  When you have more money in your Roth IRA account, say in ten years' time, you can start investing in individual stocks, ETFs and the like through a brokerage account, but don't do it now."
Well this was an interesting read, but sadly no one has given me anything I asked for. I'm not complaining, as I didn't expect a complete stranger to actually tell me how much they make, but I figured it'd be worth a try. Anyway, I'm gonna assume that you work in NY? If so, what were your starting hours like (approx) and also, do you work as a quant, cause it seems (correct me if I'm wrong) that you're describing an I-Banking job. Also, if you feel comfortable, a starting salary would be helpful as well. I'm trying to get real figures here cause everyone that I ask tells me something different.  Finally, I haven't completely taken NY off the table as an option, I would just prefer Toronto if it's possible.
Ive been that guy a few times.  was this close to launching their computer across the room.  they said vehicle B was equivalent to vehicle A and yet they also said that vehicle C which was made by the same company as B was somehow also equivalent as if Toyota or whoever made more than one vehicle in a given class.  Equivalent my ass!    I went on another trip with a large group of friends and they all took the rental place in the airport.  The wife and I took the shuttle to one off campus because I was thinking about buying a mustang and they had them so I wanted to drive it around for the week to see how I fit.  Thats the only reason I went to that place.  I motherfucked the hell out of that asshole and the other cunt and still got nowhere.  Hopefully those motherfuckers crashed their cars into a goddamn bridge on the way home.  I hate the fucking lying.
I know you're making a joke, but I really think Tesla could kill off train transportation entirely. If you can get in a car anywhere in the country and travel anywhere else in the country, more or less in a straight line instead of following the few rail routes available, then it just comes down to price. If they're able to make long distance travel affordable with cheap, renewable electricity charging up the cars, then Amtrak will be history.
It's fake. It's not a leak.  &gt; According to **this rendered image,** Apple may be releasing a new line of Macbook Air computers in the color “Space Gray” at their next conference.  And according to my anus, Apple may be releasing a new line of Macbook Air computers that can be inserted rectally.
"Most likely because they don't know what they're talking about. They all have a belief without evidence that information set X is internalised into the price but information set Y is not. If there is some stock characteristic, call it y, that belongs to set Y, then that moves the gauge towards a ""buy"" recommendation. However, the issue is that no evidence has been used to determine the constituents of X and Y, or even whether Y exists in any non-trivial sense."
"I'd be curious how many of those people own cell phones, flat screen TV's, the latest DVD's, $100 shoes etc.   I know there are poor people who spend their money wisely and still barely make it, but I'm related to ""poor"" people who are always dressed better than I am and still barrow money from grandma every month."
You are not missing something basic.  Putting money in the bank will cost you in terms of purchasing power.  The same thing has been true in the US and other places for a long time now.  The real interest rate is negative--there is too much aggregate wealth being saved compared to the number of profitable lending opportunities.  That means any truly risk-free investment will not make as much money as you will lose to inflation.   If the real interest rate appears to be positive in your home country it means one of the following is happening: Capital controls or other barriers are preventing foreigners from investing in your home country, keeping the interest rate there artificially high Expected inflation is not being measured very accurately in your home country Inflation is variable and unpredictable in your home country, so investors are demanding high interest rates to compensate for inflation risk.  In other words, bank accounts are not risk-free in your home country. If you find any securities that are beating inflation, you can bet they are taking on risk.  Investing in risky securities is fine, but just understand that it's not a substitute for a risk-free bank account.  Part of every interest rate is compensation for the time-value-of-money and the rest is compensation for risk.  At present, the global time-value-of-money is negative.
Well keep in mind until the 2007ish housing crash Fannie and Freddie MADE money, they received no help from the federal gov't. The whole idea of the secondary mortgage market was to keep money flowing to home buyers and everyone who bought a home benefited (via rates a few points lower than if banks had to keep all the capital on hand to back all the loans)  Both these institutions worked well for about 40 years, the criminality here was that ratings agency rated these bonds as AAA, when in fact they were junk, that's who failed in their due diligence and really should be held accountable. (as if they were rated junk, the banks would have no one to buy them except at junk bond interest rates, meaning they wouldn't have made these loans to people who couldn't really afford houses.) The rating agencies were *supposed* to be neutral evaluators of the debt, and instead they essentially took what amounts to bribes from the banks to rate them highly.
$100K of mortgage debt at 4%, 30 years will result in a $477/mo mortgage. It would take about $23K in income to have 25% of the monthly income cover the mortgage.  This means, that with no other large debts, a bank will lend you about 4X your income.  If, instead of 25%, we decided that having 20% of income go to the mortgage, the ratio drops to just over 3X.  In the end, it comes down to keshlam's advice regarding a budget. I think the question can't be answered as asked, given the fact that you offer no numbers. For the average person, credit card debt, student loans, and cars payments add up to enough to chip away at the amount the bank will lend you. Since (per one of the linked questions) the maximum debt service should be 36%, you start with that and subtract all current payments.  If this doesn't suffice, let us know what, exactly you're looking for .
As pointe out by @quid, inflation figures are almost always quoted as a comparison of prices last month, and prices a year ago last month.  So 10% inflation in August means that things cost 10% more than they did in August a year ago.  This can lead to some perverse conclusions. Consider an imaginary economy where prices stay constant over years.  Annualized inflation is zero. Then something happens on January 2nd, 2018.  Some crop fails, a foreign cheap source of something becomes unavailable, whatever.  Prices rise, permanently, as more expensive sources are used. This is the only disruption to prices. Nothing else goes wrong. So, in February, 2018, the authorities find that prices in January, 2018 rose by 1% over January 2017. Inflation! Politicians pontificate, economists wring their hands, etc. In March, again, prices for February, 2018 are found to be 1% higher than for February, 2017.  More wailing... This goes on for months.  Every month, inflation (year over year) is unchanged at 1%.  Everyone has a theory as to how to stop it... Finally, in February, 2019, there's a change!  Prices in January, 2019, were the same as in January 2018.  Zero inflation!  Everyone takes credit for bringing down inflation...
MB's math is right, but I can describe it in a short sentence. All Traditional accounts are combined, 401(k) rollover is no different from other IRA money. You should have been tracking your non-deducted money via form 8606 so you know this figure. The non-deducted money as a percent of your total balance is the percent of conversion that's not taxed.  (To be clear, deducted contributions and growth are not tracked separately, one only tracks the non-deducted deposits.)
From personal experience: Loan Impact It does impact your ability to take out other loans (to an extent) Your first investment property is going to go against your debt to income levels, so if you take out a loan, you've essentially decreased the amount you can borrow before you hit a lender's debt to income ceiling.   Two things about that: 1) I'm assuming you have a primary mortgage - if that's the case they will factor what you are already paying for your primary house + any car loans + any student loans, etc.  Once you've successfully taken out a mortgage for your investment property, you're probably close to your debt to income ceiling for any other loans.  2) There is usually a 2 year time period where this will matter the most.  Once you've rented out this property for 2 years, most financial institutions will consider a percentage of the rent as income.  At this point you can then take on more debt if you choose. Other (Possibly Negative) Impacts and Considerations Maintenance Costs Renovations Turnovers Taxes and Insurance Downpayments and interest Income tax Advertising costs Property Management costs Closing costs and Legal fees Vacancies HOA fees Other (Possibly Positive) Impacts and Considerations Passive Income as long as the numbers are right and you have a good property manager Tax deductions (And depreciation) Rent has low correlation to the market Other investment alternatives: Stocks Reits (not directly comparable to investment properties) Long story short- can be a hassle but if the numbers are right, it can be a good investment. There's a series of articles further explaining these above listed components in detail.
"No. A deposit to an IRA must be in cash. A conversion from traditional IRA to Roth can be ""in kind"" i.e. As a stock transfer. Last, any withdrawals can also be in stock or funds.  IRS Publication 590, so important, it's now in 2 sections Part A and Part B, addresses IRA issues such as this as well as most others.  By the way - now on page 7 - ""Contributions, except for rollover contributions, must be in cash."""
In addition to the issues discussed in BrenBarn's answer, I think you need to consider your medium term saving needs and existing savings. In particular, do you have a sufficient rainy day fund, a fund you will spend if things go wrong? For example, if you are dependent on a vehicle that is not covered by a guarantee or service plan, you should have enough money saved for a couple of major repairs. Depending on how secure your job is, whether it carries sick leave and long term disability, and how easy or difficult it would be to find another job in the event e.g. of your employer going bankrupt due to a downturn in your industry, you should have months to years of minimal living expenses in your rainy day fund. If you don't have those things covered, you should urgently save as much as you can until they are covered. If you do, then the next savings priority is to put money by for retirement. Of course, if all goes well the rainy day fund will ultimately get folded into retirement, but it needs to exist now, in a form you can access quickly.
Here is the raw truth that you are missing.  The people displaced by Amazon eliminating these lower end jobs will not be able to find work. EVER!!!!  They are now structurally unemployed.  The are not able to learn the skills necessary to find work because they lack the initiative and/or intelligence.  Remember that the average I.Q. is 100 meaning that around half of the workforce is below 100.  If we eliminate all jobs these folks can perform what are they going to do?  Idle hands etc.
That's what most athletes should do, but they don't. They end up getting an uncle or cousin to invest for them and they end up stealing it or losing it on terrible investments. It's really sad. And all the major sports put these guys through learning seminars when they are rookies, but they just don't listen.
I would like JD to soar I got in little while ago. I have heard a lot of news lately about Unicom in the last month or so but this is the first time JD has been involved. Also until you shared this article I always read Unicom as Unicorn haha.
It's also the fact that there's a difference between ability and qualification.  I, for example, am capable, though not qualified in the eyes of many companies.  I've talked to a couple of them before where they don't seem to care much about an electrical engineering degree, but would love me if I had a toilet paper MIS degree or similar.
CDs or money market funds. Zero-risk for the CD and ultra-low risk for the money market account; better return than most savings accounts.
What on earth are they going to deliver for $100 in 2017...? People might as well go back to developing gamecube games. If you want cheaper games that are more fun than just sheer graphics, the nintendo virtual console has you covered, only the price of the actual console is high--if it's too high, then you have plenty decent indie options through Steam.
This works even better when you have a good credit score when you want to arbitrarily inflate it for bragging rights or lowest interest rates, I'm only pointing this out because it has nothing to do with your current score and CK's recommendation. The presence of an installment loans is 10% of your credit score, according to some credit scoring models. So theoretically someone with a solid 720 score could gain 72 points, while someone with a 480 score would only gain 48 points. But the scores are weighted so you wouldn't get that kind out outcome regardless, it will have less of an impact. You can do this, amongst other things, but if that installment loan alters your utilization of credit it will more greatly lower your score, and the hard inquiry to apply for the loan will also temporarily hurt your score and you also might not be approved. These are the things to consider (but fortunately utilization has no history). Yes you can pay the loan off with a monthly payment. The loan's interest will cost slightly more than the monthly payments, by the end of the loan term. I've done this with a 5 year $500 installment loan at a credit union. As others pointed out, you don't have to spend money to raise your credit score (unnecessary interest, in this case), but you certainly can!
Since this is the reasoning: I don't want to bother with micropayments, and harassing her for   monthly payments. You must do one the following: Provide the money to your mom as a loan (i.e.: with a note and interest) payable when the full repayment of the loan to the bank is done (i.e.: balloon note). The terms of the note should be that the money to be used as collateral for the secured loan from the bank. Provide the money to your mom directly. In this case you have to pay gift tax on $7K (above the 13K exemption limit). Since you want the money back - you'll probably want the option #1. Your interest rate should be above a certain level to avoid reclassifying it as a gift by the IRS (your tax adviser can help you with that). Your mom will pay interest to the bank on the secured loan, and to you on the collateral (unless you wave it, subject to gift tax, again - talk to the tax adviser). You will only need to harass your mom about the balloon payment in the end. This is not a tax or legal advice. Talk to your tax adviser and a legal counsel about the details and additional options.
It's still a car with the carbon footprint of a car, except it uses electricity, which still is generated by fossil fuels for the most part   If it's a step in the right direction  And people are only buying it to be cool elitist hippies, deep down  I'd still like to buy one
You always see articles of how financially distressed people are, but then other articles on how home prices are rising and people don't want to sell their homes for less (to meet the pent-up demand for starter homes).  A nice, long, prolonged drop in real estate prices would solve so much. With the decline in retail I hope it comes.
"To short:  Of course, you may always buy some index correlated ETF that eliminates the above. They use stock futures on the index, and you simply buy the ""shorting ETF"" in your non-margin account. However, they are surprisingly high cost, and despite the intended correlation, have significant drag. It's a much safer way to short the market (you have great choice in which market ETF) and eliminates the single stock risk."
I believe that! Their system is meant to cause defaults. They are so disorganized and unhelpful. On three separate files for the same client, I dealt with lost documents and forced start over on the processes of approvals because they said documents weren't received in time, even though we had confirmations. I think if Congress could sit through a customer service call or process for some person trying to do a loan modification or get short sale approval, they would instantly call a senate investigation into their practices. I don't know how they can not be aware of the outright fuckery that goes on with their company.
The percentage fee often depends on the type of card. Amex and rewards cards like aeroplan cards often charge 2.5-4% whereas cashback cards will charge less. That's why most places (specifically in Canada which is where I'm from) don't take Amex because they charge way too much.
The value of Coins & Currency is more of Demand Vs Supply Situation. The value of Coins is not just due to it being old, but also   For example the 1876 US Nickel around 300,000 were minted. The 1916 US Nickel around 400,000 were minted.  However the 1916 Nickel is at more premium than the 1876. This is because there are many collectors who want to complete the collection post 1900. They can never complete the 1800 to 1900 collection as other year coins are not available.   It is hard to tell which currency will catch craze amongst collectors. That's what will drive the prize. For example if 50 years from now, Zimbabwe becomes a leading developed country, there will be craze / nostalgia to collect things of past.   Certain coins like the American Double Eagle are a craze because the design is very good, its made of Gold, has history to it. It's sold for USD 7-8 Million, Or the USD 1 Dollar uncut sheets [16 notes in a sheet], the sheet goes for around 1-2 Million USD As an individual if you have some coins / currencies keep them more as a hobby than as something that would return value.   Investments in Collectibles and Art is an emerging form of investment and needs to be looked at separately and shouldn't be mixed with a simple hobby.
Interesting point. I hadn't considered the general market so much as the large retail locations like malls.   I'm very interested in the effect of reduced foot traffic as major anchor tenants leave malls.   Most food court restaurants / chain retail like footlocker etc operate on slim margins except at holidays / high spending periods.
"No they aren't, they either can't afford fast food burgers anymore or they are willing to pay a little extra because they are ashamed of eating at Mcdonald's.  All fast food is roughly equivalent, the differences are just perception and marketing.  We probably all share the same concept of what Taco Bell and Chipotle represent: Taco Bell's are dirty and filled with stoners while Chipotle's are for younger hipper people who enjoy ""fresh"" food that won't make you shit yourself.  They both sell fake Mexican food with ingredients that come from god knows where and are hastily assembled by surly teenagers.  Is one better than the other?  That's entirely subjective.  Is one more likely to make your sick?  Probably not, both companies probably have roughly equivalent quality control procedures.  Does one have a better atmosphere?  Personally, I think that can be chalked up to confirmation bias.  You see Taco Bell's at gas stations and highway rest stops, in poorer neighborhoods, and Taco Bell has also been around for almost 40 years longer than Chipotle so of course some of the stores are a bit more run down.  Americans aren't over fast food at all there is just more competition and the competition has great marketing."
This can make a difference of a few points. When your balance is reported on a monthly basis to the bureaus that current balance is used to determine your utilization. Keeping it paid down will  help in this case. If you are monitoring your credit regularly, you can see what time of the month your balance is reported and pay before then (just make sure you include enough padding to be sure your payment clears before the reporting date--normally only a business day or so, but weekends can throw it all off).
$900 seems like a fair cost of minor repair. As a landlord, I repaint and repatch the walls if there are any holes. Labor is also expensive now a days (especially here in the West Coast).   HOWEVER, this is why there is a security deposit. To make sure things like this is covered after move out. NOW, you could ask the landlord for an itemized invoice of the cost of repairs. Which then you could rationalize the costs of repairs. I usually take the security deposit, then deduct any costs that were need during repair. And give the remaining difference back to the tenant.
Think carefully about the added expenses.  It may still make sense, but it probably won't be as cheap as you are thinking.  In addition to the mortgage and property taxes, there is also insurance and building maintenance and repairs. Appliances, carpets, and roofs need to be replaced periodically.  Depending on the area of the country there is lawn maintenance and now removal. You need to make sure you can cover the expenses if you are without a tenant for 6 months or longer.  When tenants change, there is usually some cleaning and painting that needs to be done. You can deduct the mortgage interest and property taxes on your part of the building.  You need to claim any rent as income, but can deduct the other part of the mortgage interest and taxes as an expense.  You can also deduct building maintenance and repairs on the rental portion of the building.  Some improvements need to be depreciated over time (5-27 years).  You also need to depreciate the cost of the rental portion of the building.  This basically means that you get a deduction each year, but lower the cost basis of the building so you owe more capital gains taxes when you sell. If you do this, I would get a professional to do your taxes at least the first year.  Its not hard once you see it done, but there are a lot of details and complications that you want to get right.
Ok, cool, feel free to browse this post and all responses. By all means I realize jobs are your paying customers, but my thought is if the site were trafficked enough by job seekers, like indeed is, you can dominate and set the tone to better aide job seekers and boost the economy with job placement.   I think the job posters are abusing their paid privileges and bs'ing too much waste their time and job seekers time. I think a form field with more questions and restrictions in the template will do a lot of good. Imagine a 40 hr week sifting through job sites currently. It's hell.   https://www.reddit.com/r/jobs/comments/6thr7k/if_you_could_change_the_navigationcategorization/?st=J6LFPY6J&amp;amp;sh=4ca9e3fa  I also posted in user interface design and will get that link for you to gain that feedback as well.
"Responsibly produced food is more expensive because it costs more to produce food responsibly. Hard to imagine there won't be some supply constraints associated with these price cuts. ""Organic free range beef only $5/lb when available( only available at 3:42PM every third Tuesday of months that start with the letter 'J'"""
This is all too typical of immature people. Any opinions not in alignment with their own are classified as 'stupid.' It takes time and experience to realize that other people usually have good reasons to think as they do, even when you just cannot fucking understand why.
Buying and selling cars a lot is something that makes money if you are a dealer but usually doesn't if you are not.  The question to ask yourself is why you want to sell it.   If it is because you are feeling poor and need money, it might make sense to sell it, particularly if you don't need it.  But $12k or whatever is not a ton of money.  If you do need a car and will have to replace it if you sell it then selling it is likely not a good idea. If it is because you want a nicer car and can afford to upgrade, then selling it is likely a good idea.  The fact that you have had it for years and not paid off the loan tells me this situation is unlikely. You should think of the value of your car to you (and the potential cost of replacing it) and the amount of money you owe on it as two different things.  The debt you have is a debt that you will need to pay no matter what you do with the car or how its value changes.  The value of the car to you is pretty much a separate issue from how much you have outstanding in debt.   If you want to sell the car to pay off the debt that is fine if you don't need the car or if you can get a suitable replacement car for MUCH less (which I find unlikely).
David Brooks is a well known hack-fraud pundit over at the NYT. He thinks he is much smarter and more articulate than he actually is. His corner is kind of a right-leaning fiscal-conservative sometimes used as a counter-balance to give the appearance of neutrality on issues, despite the fact that he's not an expert or an economist. Generally you should avoid his work.   I can almost guarantee that he didn't take an 'uneducated lady friend' to a sandwich shop for lunch. And even if in a fictional universe he took her to a dumpy corner italian deli that served sandwiches, they would have the same names and dishes. And even if he did take her to a boujie boutique sandwich shop, you're probably right she probably popped her eyes seeing $12.50 for a sandwich and not weak in the knees from seeing so many vowels.
All stocks are held in the expectation that they will eventually return money to whoever is holding the shares at the time, by one or more of the following mechanisms: Just because they aren't paying anything out now, doesn't mean they won't in the future, and even if the current shareholder sells before receiving anything, the next shareholder or the one after that (etc) will get the money. The hope of those future payouts is what ultimately makes people willing to pay for them - the current market value fluctuates at least in part based on the expectations of the people buying and selling of what those payouts will be.
If this was a public corporation (stock) and the investment was made in a non-registered account, then you can claim a capital loss.  Capital losses are claimed against capital gains (not income), and can be carried back 3 years or carried forward indefinitely.   Here's an article I've written on how to claim capital losses that may help.
I just wrote an article about this and how Im playing it (ALOT of long dated OotM (out of the money) PUT options).  Especially with the Fed forcing rate hikes (as if they think we dont understand theyre hiking only to cut rates in a few months when a recession shows) and the economys growth weakening.  I don't see a single catalyst for resuming the boom in auto sectors.  (my article) https://lonewolf.liberty.me/car-mageddon-is-upon-us-and-how-to-play-it/
"&gt; This is probably the single most clueless statement I've read about business, ever... actually made me laugh.   Because you are clueless? Do you know how many ads I see on the internet every day? Zero. I see Zero ads. And every person I talk to sees Zero ads, because I tell them about ad blockers. And they tell their friends, and so on and so on.  I advertise on reddit, and I pay for ""impressions"". So every 1k impressions I pay a certain amount. But they have no way of knowing if those impressions are actually seen or not, they can use sophisticated scripts to determine if the ads are blocked but there are sophisticated ad blockers designed to block just those kinds of things. This is a war, and in the end ad blockers are going to win this war. So why would anyone pay for advertising?  Advertising is dead. It's dying. And if marketers can't find a new way to make money they will die with it."
If you have such a long term investment goal there really is no reason to try time the markets, 1990s market high was nothing compared to 1999s market high which was nothing to 2006  etc and so on(years quoted as example).  Also consider cost of opportunity missed by holding back investing your immediately available investment capital and have it sit in a bank account for 18-24months, collecting meager returns instead of a 5-10% potential return for example(which isnt a strech by any means). Now if you re really hell-bent on timing the market, since you re in the UK, if you really want to attempt it, I would pay close attention to Brexit news and talks that are scheduled for 2018 onwards. Any delays on that deal and/or potential bad development may lead to speculation and temporary lows for you to buy in. If thats worth the effort and cost of opportunity mentioned before is up to you.
"I am a tax lawyer and ALL the RESPONSES ABOVE are 1/2 Correct but also 1/2 Wrong and in tax law this means 100% WRONG (BECAUSE ANY PART INCORRECT UNDER TAX LAW will get YOU A HUGE PENALY and/or PRISON TIME by way of the IRS!  So in ESSENCE ALL the above answers are WRONG! Let me enlighten you to the correct answer in 5 parts, as people that do not practice tax law may understand (but you still probably will not understand, if you are NOT a Lawyer). 1) All public companies are corporations (shown by Ltd.), 2) only Shareholders of Public companies (ie, traded on the NYSE stock market) are never liable for debts of a bankrupt company, due to the concept of limited liability. 2) now Banks may ask a sole proprietorship (who wants to incorp. for example) to give collateral, such as owners stocks/bonds or his/her house, but then of course the loanee can tell the Bank No Thanks and find a lender that may charge higher interest rates but lend money to his company with little to NO collateral. 3) Of course not all companies are publicly traded and these are called private companies. 4)""limited liability"" has nothing to do directly with subsequent shareholders (the above answer is inaccurate!), it RELATES rather to INITIAL OWNERS INVESTMENT in their company, limiting the amount of owner loss if the company goes bankrupt. 5) Share Face-value is usually never related to this as shares are sold at market value in real life instances (above or below face-value), or the most money Investments Banks or owners can fetch for the shares they sell (not what the stock's face-value is set at upon issuance). Never forget, stocks are sold in our Capitalistic System to whomever pays the most, as it is that Buyer who gets to purchase the stock!"
From Wikipedia: If a company with limited liability is sued, then the claimants are   suing the company, not its owners or investors. A shareholder in a   limited company is not personally liable for any of the debts of the   company, other than for the value of their investment in that company. Summarized, no, if you buy stock from the regular stock market like NYSE, you're not personally liable for any debt or fraud that happens.
The price of the loan may be justified if you're considered a high-risk applicant for some reason (e.g. you're putting very little money in initial payment), and if it includes all the associated expenses. What is more relevant to your situation is that you're probably better off renting. Think about it: your $300'000 house will require some repairs in those 30 years (let's estimate those at $100'000). That means in 30 years you'll build $200'000 of equity spending $720'000 on it. Of course this assumes that the value of the house will remain constant. You're effectively be throwing away $520'000, or more than $1'400 a month. If you can rent a place for $1'400 a month or less, you'll build more equity by renting that place for 30 years and saving the excess money in a bank account. If you consider the interest that money in your bank account will earn you (e.g. 3% annually), you'll build more than $200'000 equity in 30 years even if you spend as much as $1'650 on your rent and save only $350 a month.
The dividend goes into the IRA (either reinvested automatically or remains as cash until you invest it, per your choice). You're not taxed on this dividend (IRA is a taxed-deferred account - you're taxed on the distributions, but not on the capital gains within the account).
Not surprising, the whole culture has shifted since  everyone was either let go, had a work buddy (or several) let go, or were sitting on the edge of their seats for 18 months waiting to be let go back in the collapse.
As Victor says, you pay tax on net profit. If this is a significant source of income for you, you should file quarterly estimated tax payments or you're going to get hit with a penalty at the end of the year.
Have a read of this PF&M article, which @Blackjack has an excellent answer that speaks around risk. Answers which suggest that the return is proportional to the amount invested is a very simplistic argument. It is far more complex than that. I would content that your initial question Does investing more money into stocks increase chances of profit? is not the best question. The answer is it depends upon your investment methodology. The following will increase your chance of overall profit in the stock market
I use a spreadsheet for that.   I provide house value, land value, closing/fix-up costs, mortgage rate and years, tax bracket, city tax rate, insurance cost, and rental income.  Sections of the spreadsheet compute (in obvious ways) the values used for the following tables:  First I look at monthly cash flow (earnings/costs) and here are the columns:   Next section looks at changes in taxable reported income caused by the house,  And this too is monthly, even though it'll be x12 when you write your 1040.   The third table is shows the monthly cash flow, forgetting about maintenance and assuming you adjust your quarterlies or paycheck exemptions to come out even: Maintenance is so much of a wildcard that I don't attempt to include it.  My last table looks at paper (non-cash) equity gains:  I was asked how I compute some of those intermediate values.  My user inputs (adjusted for each property) are:  My intermediate values are:
"Yes, the world was very poor, things were supposed to change and people could live better lives, but now people live at home until 28 just to try and have a home of their own. And we argue that this is preferable, for some stupid reason.  If you stopped sitting on your ass and actually learn a skill, you can move out earlier than this.  I moved out at 23 and have had no problems finding jobs, even with a terrible economy.  Nobody is going to hand you a good job.  You have to earn it.  ""You did make a sound financial decision, in a warped, lopsided society that lets rich people get away with murder. Romney pays 14% of his income to taxes? pfft, this IS class warfare, and the lower and middle classes are losing.""  How many jobs did Romney create?  All of those jobs = tax dollars going into our economy.    The rich pay more than anyone else and you still complain!!  50% of the US population don't even pay federal income taxes.  It's class warfare because you have this fucked-up mentality that the rich are somehow doing something wrong for earning more than everyone else."
"It's like people think the definition of fascism is ""a thing I don't like"". Let say, as Robert Paxton did, that fascism is ""a form of political behavior marked by obsessive preoccupation with community decline, humiliation, or victimhood and by compensatory cults of unity, energy, and purity, in which a mass-based party of committed nationalist militants, working in uneasy but effective collaboration with traditional elites, abandons democratic liberties and pursues with redemptive violence and without ethical or legal restraints goals of internal cleansing and external expansion."" What does that have to do with minimum wage or a livable wage? I'm not saying you can't push for some lassiez faire paradise but everyone who disagrees with you isn't a fascist."
By paying the $11,000 into the 2.54% loan you will save $23.30 in interest every month. By paying the $11,000 into the 3.625% loan you will save $33.20 in interest every month. If your objective is to get rid of one loan quicker so repayments can go to the other loan to pay off sooner, I would put the $11,000 into the 2.54% loan and pay that off as quick as possible, then put any extra payments into the mortgage at 3.625%. Pay only the minimum amounts into the 0% car loan as this is not costing you anything.
This can arise with very thinly traded stocks for large blocks of shares. If the market only has a few thousand dollars available at between 8.37 and 12.5 the price is largely meaningless for people who want to invest in hundreds of thousands/millions of dollars worth, as the quoted price can't get them anywhere near the number of shares they want. How liquid is the stock in question?
I recommend talking to your parents.  You may be able to convert the account to a joint account that is shared with them, and then they would be able to withdraw the money for you.
Not sure of your locality. In the USA, there are many options. There are many corporate bonds that pay interest monthly. You can invest in a handful of bonds, chosen so at least one of them pays interest each month. (Minimum investment requirements make this an expensive option)  Unit Trusts made of bonds (a handful of bonds wrapped into a single fixed investment) usually pay monthly interest. As the bonds begin to mature, the interest payments shrink (but you begin to get principal payments which can be reinvested). Bond mutual funds and ETFs usually provide monthly dividends (that come from the interest and capital gains of the bonds held by the fund). Dividends are usually consistent, but not necessarily fixed.  You can produce a monthly income from stocks in the same way as the above mentioned bond methods. Income can be consistent, but not fixed.
07-08 isn't our only reference point. It is the most extreme financial event in decades. But, there could easily be enough froth to spark another downturn (10 years since 2008 it wouldn't be too soon for that either) like market crashes in 1989 or 2001.   It's not all doom and gloom but you have to be realistic. There is an economic cycle and it has been around 10 years since the last recession. Asset prices are high and not matched by real world performance. It would just take a medium sized shock to trigger a mini crash. Some kind of high street bankruptcy or accounting scandal could have quite major repercussions.
If you're talking about ADBE options, that is an American style option, which can be exercised at any time before expiration. You can exercise your options by calling your broker and instructing them to exercise. Your broker will charge you a nominal fee to do so. As an aside, you probably don't want to exercise the option right now. It still has a lot of time value left, which you'll lose if you exercise. Just sell the option if you don't think ADBE will keep going up.
I think that MFin is best suited for more technical roles in banks (I assume when you say IB you mean sell/buy side M&amp;A), HF, AM, and PM roles. I don't view PE, CF, or IB as technically challenging as most of the analysis is done on the areas outside of finance.
This is not just a Santander issue - 95% of ATMs globally run on XP (secondary source: http://www.theverge.com/2014/1/20/5326772/windows-xp-powers-95-percent-of-atms-worldwide). This is because of what has already been mentioned - the benefit does not outweigh the cost/inconvenience.  However, in the wake of the recent WannaCry ransomware attack, there are well-founded security concerns with relying on an unsupported operating system in such a widespread manner.
Hi guys, could I get advice on possibly entering finance myself? I have a BSE in computer engineering, and a Ph.D. in nanoscience and microsystems, and I do computational aeroscience and biology now. Needless to say, I'm an applied physics and computer nerd. I love currency and commodities trading and instruments, though, I'm totally fascinated by it and I'm a *mean* coder and scientist. Can I get into finance?
Floyd Mayweather isn't wealthy???? Wtf are you talking about? Forbes puts his net worth somewhere near 400M. That's not all in liquid assets he can just hand to the IRS (which would be stupid if they were liquid). The guy has houses, cars, jets, boats, planes, businesses. Wtf? The guy has made himself into one of the best boxers and promoters on the planet, he'll be rich off of boxing forever.  He has tax liability, i'm not sure why but it's not crippling for a guy who in a month will make literally 10x his liability in one day. If $500M isn't wealthy... no stop, it's insanely wealthy. Y'all are just bonkers.
I've seen my score dip a little bit after every hard pull.  (Admittedly, a fako score.)  You apply for credit or for a credit increase and your score is going to dip. Any check that is not intended to grant credit (either an existing creditor rechecking, or when you check your own credit) has no effect on your score.  Likewise, a check done to screen for a solicitation have no effect as you are not trying to borrow.  (Taking them up on the offer will normally cause a hit, though.)

Sigh. You're obviously going to believe what you want to believe.  I meant General Mills. Congratulations. You've made an entirely irrelevant point that adds nothing whatsoever to the conversation.  &gt;Bullshit. they will do whatever they can do that they think will increase the bottom line.  Indeed they will, and deception, or even appearance of deception, hurts their bottom line. I thought I made that clear. It's generally bad for business to piss off your customers.
Judging by the fact that 6% of the companies in the U.S earn roughly 50% of the profits, the Dow Jones is most certainty not useless. The 6% of companies that earn all the profit are the biggest movers of the market, thus they give a basic glimpse of how the economy is faring.
"Rather than reading news stories, why not go straight to the HMRC source? https://www.gov.uk/tax-on-your-private-pension/lifetime-allowance Seems your lifetime allowance measurement differs based on whether your pension is defined contribution or defined benefit.  The latter seems fairly simple at 20 times first year payout, though the HMRC usage of the word ""usually"" is disconcerting.    The language for defined contribution implies they check multiple times for violation of the LFA, just like you've pointed out.  Of note, they specifically list: Note that you can also file to ""protect"" a larger LFA that you might have previously had.  This generally means not contributing any longer to your pension though.  There is info on the page linked above."
Forget income tax, they need to raise the tax on capital gains and other investment income, that's where most of the wealth is. For example a CEO would get like 200k in income every year, but would get hundreds of millions in stock options. A higher income tax means nothing for this CEO, and for the country for that matter.
Yeah, we must be in completely different social circles. My friends all rave about the latest brunch spot with $15 all-you-can-drink mimosas or the Michelin star restaurant that you have to reserve months in advance (but they know that you can wait stand-by for three hours to get a table). The cheapest meals for me are $25 for lunch, not including alcohol. Dinners are easily $50+. That whole avocado toast article? Describes my friends to a T.   Needless to say, none of us would be caught dead in an Applebee's. Even our burritos cost $8 (but hey, it won the 538 National Burrito Contest)
Insider trading is when you buy or sell an investment based on material, non-public information that gives you an unfair advantage over the rest of traders in that market.  Working for a company is one way that you might have such information, but whether it is insider trading is not contingent on you working there. You could use that information a long time after leaving the company. You don't even need to have worked there. If a friend/relative gave you non-public information because THEY work there, it is still insider trading.
&gt;[**Халява в интернете!!! Правда!? Как заработать в интернете без вложений или на приглашениях! [3:40]**](http://youtu.be/3J8EUjG3pJ0)  &gt;&gt;Друзья, в этом видео, будет информация о заработке без вложений!  &gt; [*^Финансовый ^Вектор*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAOABF2yT1SjVqI7RK9aIUg) ^in ^People ^&amp; ^Blogs  &gt;*^10 ^views ^since ^Oct ^2017*  [^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
"I think your theory breaks down. If everybody started raising chickens, would your ""a chicken is worth a pair of shoes"" still hold? You have capacity to make some number of pairs of shoes in a day, do you allocate each to a chicken or do you say ""hmmm... there's more demand than I can supply, so I'm going to raise my price from one chicken to a 10 piece bucket!"""
As an individual, I am not aware of any insurance you can buy that will cover legal costs for any event that may occur (whether criminal or civil)... I imagine this is because the risk is too difficult to measure and the moral hazard too great. I do notice you mention rental property/small business needs.  If your concern is truly for costs relating to some legal issue that arises out of your professional operations, then  Professional liability insurance may be what you are looking for (oftentimes referred to as errors and omissions, or E&O for short).  This insurance is specific to whatever business you engage in, however will typically protect you against legal claims (including defense costs) as a result of your business operations.  Note however that what is actually covered will be specific to your policy. As duffbeer703 mentioned, the purpose of insurance is for covering specific losses, i.e., protecting you from legal claims that may arise during the course of business.  If you are looking for a solution that will, e.g., provide you a standard set of legal documents (maybe a lease agreement) then you are not in fact looking for insurance, but instead legal services at a fixed rate. Why would an insurance company pay for services both you and it already know you need?
I wouldn't recommend leveraged dividend fishing. Dividend stocks with such high dividends are highly volatile, you will run out of collateral to cover your trades very quickly
Uber is not awesome - Uber is a dangerous company bent on obtaining a complete monopoly over the urban transportation market, eviscerating all competitors (including public transit) by massively subsidizing their fares using venture capital as a means of grabbing market share. Uber's model does not scale and they bleed money. The only way they will ever turn a profit is by establishing a total monopoly and extracting rent. Their corporate culture is atrocious, they  ignore regulations designed to protect consumers, and they've positioned themselves as a moralistic crusader fighting the big bad taxi cartel... which doesn't exist.
The world of social media can be quite treacherous for businesses. For the most part, your prospective customers won’t always welcome your page with open arms, especially if you do nothing but post about your business all day, sparing nary a thought to what they actually want to hear or read about. Below are some basic tips for beginners to social media marketing.
This course was written by active owners, operators and investors in Group Homes, Halfway Homes, ICF/MR Homes, Disability Homes and other special needs assisted living and care homes in order to personally teach you the strategies and steps to help you start your first Group Home.
"http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc503.html says you can deduct ""Any prior year's state or local income tax you paid during the year."" So I would say as long as you have good records, you can deduct the excess refund you had to pay back in the year in which you paid it. Whether or not your return was amended shouldn't affect whether or not it is deductible."
As near as I can tell that is their business model. I mean the [seriously argued to a judge that they weren't liable for a drivers actions while he was waiting for dispatch using their app](http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Family-of-SF-girl-killed-by-Uber-driver-backs-5579980.php) which is as blatant an attempt to get out of any liability as I've ever seen.
Yes peeper  Now, you think the mental state of the baboon in the Whitehouse is not related to the economy . .I do  You think the pointless wars that American is involved in is Off Topic . . I think they are a core fundamental of the economy  You have spent 9 years of your life with an attention span of roughly 15 secs and have given people the power to tell you what to say and what not to in a social experiment called reddit, you conform to being a lemming.   I am sorry I cannot relate to you and your habit of peeping
"For MCD, the 47¢ is a regular dividend on preferred stock (see SEC filing here). Common stock holders are not eligible for this amount, so you need to exclude this amount. For KMB, there was a spin-off of Halyard Health. From their IR page on the spin-off: Kimberly-Clark will distribute one share of Halyard common stock for   every eight shares of Kimberly-Clark common stock you own as of the   close of business on the record date. The deal closed on 2014-11-03. At the time HYH was worth $37.97 per share, so with a 1:8 ratio this is worth about $4.75. Assuming you were able to sell your HYH shares at this price, the ""dividend"" in the data is something you want to keep. With all the different types of corporate actions, this data is extremely hard to keep clean. It looks like the Quandl source is lacking here, so you may need to consider looking at other vendors."
Can confirm. I lived in Arkansas for most of my life so far and recently moved to Orlando. The market and income difference in Orlando are insane. I am lucky to find an apartment that doesn’t cost as much as two houses in Arkansas. If I wanted a $250k house in Arkansas, I could probably get a 4 acres and a 4 bedroom here I’m lucky to get a 1 bedroom townhome, and that’s still driving an hour to work! It’s ridiculous.
"One of the things that you have to be aware of is a little gotcha in the credit utilization rate. They, or at least the credit company I worked for, used the ""high balance"" in figuring the credit utilization, not the ending balance. For example, say you had a single card with a $2000 credit limit and used it to charge everything during the month. Say that the high balance was $1900 and you paid it down to zero at the end of the month. The company would calculate your credit utilization at 95%. This is not good and not really fair, but that was the way it was done. Increasing the credit limit helps, but you can also usually make interim payments, say as a paycheck comes in, during the month, if you have an online account."
I have and will.  It's just more bloat justifying it's self.  It's the marketing team taking credit for what the product team achieved.  They didn't have the right product, they made a better feeling soap and this is what the marketeers faffed around with in the mean time.
"We just got a chick-fil-a competitor called [PDQ](http://www.eatpdq.com/index.php?id=2). The fast-food-ish restaurant  doesn't have a freezer or a microwave, they bread their own chicken, and cut their own fries. I know this because the entire kitchen is completely open. The only thing I'm not certain about is the caloric / nutrient info for their menu. I've looked and haven't been able to find anything on it anywhere.   McDonalds/Wendys/Burger King better wake up and smell the pseudo-bacon cooking too. Chains like in-n-out, five guys, and smash burger are dominating the mid-tier of burgers while cook-out is emerging as a serious threat to the lower tier. Cookout is exploding in the South East because their food is absolutely delicious and you can get a ""cookout tray"" with a burger, two sides, and a drink for about $5.50.   The old giants of fast-food are in trouble and it's about damned time."
The perilously dumb are the ones who can't admit that we live in a certified state-corporate oligarchy. A capitalist experiment gone wrong. That the financialization of our economy since the 1980's has reduced the world economy to financial machinations on fancy spreadsheets. The world is living through the end-results of all of this misguided short-termist bullshit, so I invite you to look all around you in order to understand things as they are (versus fluff economic theories and edicts that get continually debunked).
Putting money into a Roth IRA or 401(k) will save you money if your taxes this year will be lower than your taxes in retirement. See also the Wikipedia retirement-savings matrix.
He gets upset if I insist on bringing an extra person to help him out but then he complains about his work load and how he's running the company alone. Why complain if I offered him an assistant?  I wish my boss would've offered me an assistant when I worked at companies. He refuses to take paid vacations. If he does take a vacation he'll tell me 2 to 3 weeks in advance. My red flag is he never ever takes a paid vacation. If he does take a paid vacation he plans it out a few weeks in advance. This is the perfect way to cover up anything.
"&gt;A lot of the greatest innovators in America started out with little or no capital. Thomas Edison once sold newspapers and fruit on a train. Jack Welch was the son of a train conductor who worked his way up the ranks of GE. Steve Jobs was put up for adoption as an infant and was at one point homeless.   Those are all *true* but *trivial* and *irrelevant* points.  Steve Jobs did not start and grow Apple computer without capital -- it was just *other people's capital* (a series of partners and investors).  Jack Welch may have ""worked his way up"" in GE, but he did not found the damned thing -- he merely ran it -- GE was not created or grown without capital.  And likewise with Thomas Edison -- yeah he ""once sold newspapers and fruit on a train"" (which is about as relevant to anything as that he once took a crap on a train as well); but he didn't save his money from those sales and use it as capital to found his lab -- he also had ""investors"".  &gt;The idea that the 1% create all of the growth in the economy is a lie.  Yes, it *is* a lie.  But that does not make the opposite true (that somehow innovation can occur *without* capital investment).  &gt;Do we, the citizens of the richest nation in the world, want to watch our fellow countrymen go hungry, homeless or die because they don't have living salaries or access to proper healthcare?  Ah, the ""emotional appeal"" -- spoken like a true ignoramus, socialist, or politician (but really those are all pretty much the same thing, so I am being redundant)."
As someone with 6 kids, I just found out that I lost $5,400,000 by doing so.  I'm pissed. Where's my millions?  Assuming you have all the kids in a row, Duggar-style, that's 28 years. Basically, it's $200k/yr with that scenario.
"There is *some* merit to it, in that [federal gross receipts are largely uncorrelated with tax rates](https://i0.wp.com/wichitaliberty.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/top-federal-personal-income-tax-rates-tax-receipts-2014-02.png).   There are two somewhat perverse consequences of that fact - First, raising taxes **doesn't** raise revenues, meaning we can't actually pay for ""moar free stuff from Uncle Sam!"" merely by adding an offsetting tax increase.  And second, raising taxes on group-X (ie, the rich) to make them pay their ""fair"" share flat-out *doesn't work*, it's effectively just kicking them in the balls because we grudge them for having more money than we do.  Now, as to whether or not lowering taxes really encourages companies to hire more and pay better - That's an entirely separate issue from whether or not it's revenue neutral from the perspective of the federal government.  Fortunately, we have a recent historical example - Reagan did exactly that, which ushered in a period of corporate greed and erosion of workers' rights not seen since the end of the days of the Robber Barons.  So on the front-end, Trump's not wrong; on the back end, he's trying to sell us unicorn farts."
&gt;“That is the weather,” he said of changes in the markets. “It goes up and down, this and that, and that’s 80% of what you guys focus on.”  &gt;Dimon said financial journalists would be better off concentrating on the “bad policies” that are hurting average Americans.  He's right, it is embarassing, however he's mistaken about what would be best for financial journalists. They aren't really interested in what's best for America. Their jobs demand that they publish content, and they believe that the easiest and best way to publish lots of content in a consistent manner is to focus on short sighted topics.   Anywhere you see people trying to feed the 24 hour media cycle you see this problem emerge. It's difficult to blame them, they gotta feed their families afterall.  We don't need this 24/7 flood of news. If every media outlet published on a weekly basis or less, they could focus on more important stories and they could take more time to investigate them. Their audience could focus on their own lives and bettering themselves. It would be a win:win. But that's not what we have.  Because Americans are fools?  Does anyone remember what sort of role JP Morgan had during the housing collapse however? Was this guy their CEO back then? I'm not forgiving any of them for that faux pas, and neither should anyone else. It's difficult to take seriously criticism coming from the most crooked industry in the world. At the end of the day money doesn't really matter. What matters is that people's needs are met, both needs for survival and recreation. In their greedy thirst for the second, the employees at all the major banks destroyed the lives of many people who were simply struggling to meet the first. Not cool.
&gt;  Not everyone has the ability to eat the refund losses that Amazon does.  Why is this Amazon's problem? Those sellers are free to take their business to Ebay or anywhere else they can sell things. Amazon is trying to set a standard for their own marketplace, which seems perfectly reasonable (assuming they are not identified as a monopoly across the marketplace).  Personally, I've avoided those sellers on Amazon because I know I don't get the same level of service I expect from Amazon (fantastic), so now they'll see more business from me.
"&gt;[...] but after actually typing my name ""Amy Hoy"" you still refer to me as a ""he""? Amy is a girl's name and my picture is obviously of a woman.   I dropped an ""s"", yo.  Chill the fuck out.    You'll notice throughout I pretty consistently referred to you as ""she"" or by name if you really put any attention into what I wrote.    Remember my comment about melodrama?  This is a great example.  You assumed I'm an idiot, rather than that ""he"" once or twice is a typo when there's a helluva lot more ""she""s in there.    Also, why are you rebutting someone who's agreeing with you?  It feels pretty douche-y, and looks like you didn't bother to read what they wrote.    &gt;The culture I'm complaining about is everywhere, not just in b-school.  It's pretty clear in my post that I was bringing a personal example, not making a normative statement.    It's also pretty clear that I in no way buy into Startup Culture, and was criticizing a larger cultural problem than just what I experienced in my schooling.  I did you the courtesy of reading what you wrote before critiquing it, please do me the same."
I agree with your title, but am confused with your comment.  I am bullish on Gold in the long run.  I believe that current market fundamentals are poitning towards a longterm bullish trend on Gold.  These fundamentals are:  1. a weak USD.   Although the USD has appreciated as of late, I believe this will be short lived and reversed as soon as the situation in Europe relieves itself.  Once this happens, i forsee net outflows in the USD causing it to revert back to its long term deprciated trend, evidented by its performance (in real terms) over the past decade.  2.QE3 Similar to the above post, once the printing presses are turned back on, we will see all risk assets take off, a depreciation in the USD and of course a rise in the price of bullion  3.negative real rates As long as rates stay low (which they will for a while) Gold will have a cushion and will only push higher, given its historical negative correlation with this economic indicator.  4.Central Bank Buying If central banks are buying...I want in!
"Talk about some serious hardcore overreaction. I merely made a comment on how Uganda should want to be more like Spain, not less. You argued with me. Then I cited development status. That was obviously what I meant.  You're spewing nonsense.  &gt;coming in here to discuss how a third world country is generally less well off than a member of the EU and a first world country and you're going to quote the HDI. In other news the sky is blue, water is wet, the snosberries taste like snosberries and you're wasting my time and yours.  Wait, I didn't want to ""discuss"" it. I made a comment with an obvious meaning, **you challenged it**, so I had to bring in facts.  Now you're going completely mental on me and deleting all your comments. Not sure what kind of strategy that is, but have fun.  PS: I have no idea what ""flame baiting"" is supposed to be, but that is not the first bizarre accusation you're making here, so I'll ignore it."
TL;DR: Income is how much you make, net worth is the value of all your assets: cash, real estate, stocks, etc.  With the case of Buffett: Berkshire Hathaway's - Buffett's company - market capitalisation is ~$460 Billion. Buffett controls 18% of shares. $460B x 18%: ~$80 Billion.  So we can estimate that a large part of his net worth is tied up in BH stock (obviously this isn't perfect either as there are other factors at play here).  BUT this is only on paper. Ie yes he's worth that, but he doesn't really have $80 Billion somewhere in a bank. He gets the money to live from other personal investments and business means.
"He is actually arguing for higher taxes.  When he talks about ""competitive"" taxes, he means that US taxes are too low, which is why we can't fix our infrastructure, and why we are failing to make other investments that corporations depend on for growth (like research and standards development).  http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/20/investing/jamie-dimon-higher-taxes-meet-the-press/index.html"
There isn't any place you can put $300 and turn it into significant passive income. What you need to do instead is manage the active (work) income that you have so that your money goes farther, freeing income up for reducing debt and investing.  Investing $300 one time won't add up to much, but investing $100 a month will turn into wealth over time. Making a monthly budget is the key to managing your income.  In the process, you'll find out where your income is going, and you can be intentional about how much you want to spend on different things in your life.  You can allocate some of your income to paying down debt and investing, which is what you need to do to get ahead. For some general guidelines on what to do with your money first, read this question: Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing.  For more specifics on creating a budget, eliminating debt, and building wealth, I recommend the book The Total Money Makeover by Dave Ramsey.
As you suspected, there is more than just car replacement taken care of by insurance (some of them are pointed out in Chad's story:
Started as pt at a grocery store. Will never get used to throwing all that good meat out. Still has 2 days but there's fresher stock in back. It seems having bold and full shelves is the reason. They throw out food to have that clean magazine photo look of a store.
I can't help but appreciate the supreme irony in this particular line  &gt;Following a populist wave in countries around the world, investors are now betting the banks are poised to benefit from less stringent regulations and, in the U.S., an improved economic environment.  Because if there's one thing we know for sure, it's that the people voting for populist demagogues are super in favor of deregulating (((wall street)))
"Assuming I don't need any other new lines of credit, can I get pre-qualified repeatedly (and with different banks) with impunity? Yes, but only for a limited period. FICO says: Hard inquiries are inquiries where a potential lender is reviewing your credit because you've applied for credit with them. These include credit checks when you've applied for an auto loan, mortgage or credit card. Each of these types of credit checks count as a single inquiry. One exception occurs when you are ""rate shopping"". That's a smart thing to do, and your FICO score considers all inquiries within a 45 period for a mortgage, an auto loan or a student loan as a single inquiry. However for your situation, since you won't be getting a loan for several months, getting inquiries more than 45 days apart will each count as a separate inquiry."
"I don't know that this can actually be answered objectively.  Maybe it can with some serious research.  (Read: data on what the issuers have been doing since the law went into affect.) Personally, I think the weak economy and general problems with easy credit are a bigger issue than the new rules.  Supposedly, there is evidence that card issuers are trying to make up for the lost income due to the new regulations with higher fees.  I believe that your credit rating and history with the issuer is a larger factor now.  In other words, they may be less likely to lower your rate just to keep you as a customer or to attract new customers. According to The Motley Fool, issuers dropped their riskiest customers as a result of the new regulations. Some say that new laws simply motivated the issuers to find new ways to ""gouge"" their customers. Here are two NYTimes blog posts about the act: http://bucks.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/02/22/what-the-credit-card-act-means-for-you/ http://bucks.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/22/the-effects-of-the-credit-card-act/ As JohnFx states, it does not hurt to ask."
I like this idea. The limiting factor of renewables and EV's is mainly in storage capabilities. It's easy to make a Tesla go 400 miles on a single charge but the weight requirement isn't. We need smaller size, longer life, and greater storage. And today's environment provides a profit incentive to pursue these goals.
That's the kind of joke a dad says to his adult son about his mom or a group of guys says on a golf course. In a public forum, to a female board member, while Uber is in a shitstorm of bad PR especially about potential sexual discrimination of their employers AND drivers, yeah.  I don't think the joke it particularly offensive, but Uber is in damage control mode and that was really poor timing. And I think we all agree timing is very important in comedy.
"None of these plans work on a national scale. Taking care of the sick is great, but let's not pretend that making me pay for other people's healthcare is going to save me money.   Since most people are of a average health, and the sickest are exponentially more expensive to care for... A system where ""everyone is in"" must necessarily cost more for the average person... because they are the people paying to take care of the sickest. The only people who save are the sickest in the country.  This is all about who pays, not how much is paid.  If we want to fix health care costs, it will be by regulating health care.  Regulating health insurance makes sure that the health care providers get paid - which only causes them to charge more (knowing they'll get paid).  We should focus on making a marketplace for care - not insurace. Require prices be posted. Treatment success statistics. Stop requiring prescriptions for basic stuff like birth control... Eliminate other protectionisms like prescriptions for contacts and dinstance glasses (Rx needed for nearsightedness but not for farsightedness... Because most are nearsighted and that generates the business... Gets folks into opticians and then increases the cost of glasses.) IDK exactly what, but at least try to foster competition on price in the provider side."
There are two or three things you have to mind when dealing with tile flooring tampa, the most significant is choosing the best supplier and choosing quality items at moderate expenses. There are many shops that utilization incredible overlay, wood and made floor materials, however at expanded expenses.
The JPM note is more market related content anyway. The WF product is really solid. I get a ton of paid for macro research that's on par with the WF stuff. I like it because the WF work covers pretty much everything.  The other thing I would suggest is getting on the distribution list for ISM. Its easy, just send them an email. The contact info is on the bottom of their releases. There's probably a few more distribution lists you can get on. It is good to build up a good macro stream to your personal email address.
Very generally speaking if you have a loan, in which something is used as collateral, the leader will likely require you to insure that collateral.   In your case that would be a car.  Yes certainly a lender will require you to insure the vehicle that they finance (Toyota or otherwise).  Of course, if you purchase a vehicle for cash (which is advisable anyway), then the insurance option is somewhat yours. Some states may require that a certain amount of coverage is carried on a registered vehicle.  However, you may be able to drop the collision, rental car, and other options from your policy saving you some money. So you buy a new car for cash ($25K or so) and store the thing.  What happens if the car suffers damage during storage?  Are you willing to save a few dollars to have the loss of an asset?  You will have to insure the thing in some way and I bet if you buy the proper policy the amount save will be very minimal. Sure you could drop the road side assistance, rental car, and some other options, during your storage time but that probably will not amount to a lot of money.
Welcome to Kirk Kleckner, Our company provides the best valuation services in the United States, Such as automotive valuation, business valuation, and dealership valuation.  If you required the valuation services, then you can come to our office. And We will do our best business valuation services in our own way. Automotive dealer valuation businesses require understanding and analysis of a variety of complex factors including detailed. And technical knowledge of dealership valuation firm and in-depth industry knowledge.
Yes, it would be incorrect to refer to BATS Chi-X Europe as a market maker. Market makers make markets on BATS Chi-X Europe, which is a stock exchange.
Often it happens that homeowners want to be as close as possible to the nature during evening and nights, but the sense of insecurity of the property stops them from doing so. Well, the good news is that now they can enjoy the nature right inside their room without worrying about the safety because security doors Sydney are there to rescue you.
If it is a sole proprietorship and  you didn't make another mistake by explicitly asking the IRS to treat it as a corporation - there are no IRS forms to fill. You'll need to dissolve the LLC with your State, though, check the State's department of State/Corporations (depending on the State, the names of the departments dealing with business entities vary).
Since there's no taxable income (inheritance is not taxed to you), you do not need to amend. The executor used the correct form. Note, I'm not a tax adviser or a licensed professional. For a tax advice advice contact a CPA/EA licensed in your state.
They don't make any money off of you personally. They make money off of the merchants per transaction when you use the card.  You trigger this fee to the credit card issuer, but it doesn't come out of your pocket.  (Or it shouldn't; merchants aren't allowed to pass this fee on to you.) They keep you around because you may at some point become less responsible than you already are, and it would be quite costly to get you back (a couple hundred dollars is the cost of acquiring a new credit card customer). People who are less responsible than you subsidize your free float and your rewards (if any) but the new CARD act makes it more difficult for people to use their cards irresponsibly, so these perks that you enjoy will get less perky with time.
http://www.ColeGolf.ie            How to break 90                     Golf is a lifelong pursuit that will always challenge, may entertain, and will almost certainly frustrate at times.  For most players, golf scores similar to those consistently seen from our favorite pros may be unattainable.  A more reasonable goal for most is to find a way first to routinely break 90, but how do you get there?  A few regular adjustments will provide the best opportunities to do so. Pre shot routine: Every golfer needs a pre shot routine that happens every time you approach the ball. For example, during practice always visualize a target; plan your shot and try to see the outcome. Take one or two practice swings to get a feel for the stroke before you step to the ball. The key to this is consistency, if it happens every time you can begin to take the guesswork out of your game Golf.   Practice more than you play: Don’t try to fix your mistakes on the back nine. When you are on the course you shouldn’t be thinking about how to correct your stroke, grip, stance etc. In fact, if you’ve done the work off the course, you shouldn’t have to think about much at all; trust your muscle memory to do what you have practiced.  Practice the minimum: To perfect any physical skill, it is important to focus on the smallest amount of information possible at one time. You cannot simultaneously pay attention to the plane of your stroke while thinking about the weight on your left foot and refining your grip. Try to pick one small thing to focus on at one time and work it into your muscle memory. Practicing the minimum will allow you to stop thinking about each factor of the game while on the course. Again, the goal of this process is to make your motions automatic, effortless and fluid.  Care less:  It may seem counterintuitive but when you step onto the golf course, the more invested you are in each shot, the less you can rely on the hard work you have put into your game during practice. Do the work on the driving range so that you don’t need to worry about it when you need it.  http://www.ColeGolf.ie
Capital gains and losses offset each other first, then your net gain is taxed at the applicable rate. If you have a net loss, you can offset your other income by up to $3,000. In your example, you have no net-gain or loss, so no tax implications from your activity.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/356365-winston-churchills-grandson-calls-trump-a-daft-twerp) reduced by 61%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Winston Churchill&amp;#039;s grandson called President Trump a &amp;quot;Daft twerp&amp;quot; on Twitter, criticizing the president for his comments connecting the U.K.&amp;#039;s rise in crime to &amp;quot;Radical Islamic terror.""  &gt; Nicholas Soames, Churchill&amp;#039;s grandson and a member of parliament affiliated with the Conservative party, replied to Trump&amp;#039;s tweet in which the president cited new U.K. crime statistics and wrote that &amp;quot;We must keep America safe.""  &gt; Trump has drawn ire in the past for his comments on crime and terrorism in the U.K., criticizing London Mayor Sadiq Khan&amp;#039;s response to terror attacks in the city earlier this year.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/77ojp3/winston_churchills_grandson_calls_trump_a_daft/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~231995 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **crime**^#1 **Trump**^#2 **U.K.**^#3 **rise**^#4 **terror**^#5"
"Prop 13's benefit to ""the rich"" is incidental and, frankly, minimal.   Check out these maps that I grabbed from a title records.  I searched for data on single family homes that were purchased (ergo assessed value is based on) between 1900 and 1980.  Arbitrary, but it'll do for our purposes.  I'd speculate that if I were to have picked 1970 or earlier the number of homes that are assessed at far below market value is negligible relative to the tax base as a whole.    Here's Coronado Island: http://imgur.com/572yTZI  The peninsula in Newport Beach: http://imgur.com/dFMcrZ1  The San Francisco Bay Area: http://imgur.com/a/NMZz0  And a zoomed in area of the Bay: http://imgur.com/a/NMZz0  If a parcel is outlined in green, it's assessed based on a purchase date prior to 1980.  Outlined in white means after 1980.  In my eyes, the big takeaway is that the number of homes which were purchased prior to 1980 is minimal.  Even in the Bay Area, where the zoomed out view suggests that there's a lot of those homes, when you zoom in and realize how densely populated the area is, not very many homes are assessed on outdated values.  (For example, on the Coronado map, the number of homes purchased pre-1980 was 47.  Pre-1990 was 179.  The search shows a total of 2,859 single family residences in the map area.)    You can argue that it's a dumb tax policy, but as social policy, I don't have an issue with it and I'd still contend it's largely negligible.  It's a battle that doesn't matter.  A skirmish when compared to 1031 Exchanges, basis step ups, the massive decline in personal income taxes for the upper brackets, etc.    Our tax policy as a whole is skewed and becoming more regressive (or, to the GOP, fair) all the time.    Not entirely unrelated, but I did some research and played with some numbers about income taxes because it's something that interests me.    Using this link: https://taxfoundation.org/us-federal-individual-income-tax-rates-history-1913-2013-nominal-and-inflation-adjusted-brackets/ you can see that $10,000 income in 1950 (which is about $100,000 in 2016 dollars) was taxed (I'm using married filing separately throughout):   20% on the first $2,000 22% from $2,000 to $4,000 26% from $4,000 to $6,000 30% from $6,000 to $8,000 34% from $8,000 to $10,000  The highest marginal tax rate was 91%, which applied to all income over $200,000 (just over $2,000,000 in 2016 dollars).   Median household income in 1950 was $3,216.  So the median american paid a maximum marginal tax of $22%.  If you do the math, our median household pays 20.8% of its income in taxes versus 26.4% for the $10,000 income household.    Fast forward to 1970, where our $10,000 CPI adjusts to $15,975 and median household income is now $6,186:   14% on first $500 15% from $500 to $1,000 16% from $1,000 to $1,500 17% from $1,500 to $2,000 19% from $2,000 to $4,000 22% from $4,000 to $6,000 25% from $6,000 to $8,000  The highest marginal tax rate has dropped 23% to 70% from 91% and our median American is paying a maximum marginal tax rate of 25%.    Skip forward to 2010, where our $10,000 CPI adjusts to $91,504 and median household income is now $49,445.    10% on the first $8,375 15% from $8,375 to $34,000 24% from $34,000 to $82,400 28% from $82,400 to $171,850 33% from $171,850 to $373,650 35% above that  The highest marginal tax rate has dropped another 50% from 70% to 35% and a total of 62% from the 1950 rate.    Of course, this is all skewed because the more income you make the better able you are to shelter income from taxes.  A family making median income is unlikely to be able to take significant advantage of tax shelters."
There are bullion dealers who will buy gold no matter its form. You won't get the spot price as it's probably being bought same as junk jewelry or any other gold needing to be melted and recast. If this is your concern, you should buy a fireproof safe, the kind people use to store their important documents, and add the gold value to home insurance policy. Do not get a safe deposit box at the bank, see mbhunter's comment and link.
In my experience, Yelp reviews have accurately represented the quality of the establishment reviewed and have been right in line with my tastes and expectations. I find Google reviews perform comparatively worse. So far Yelp is the best tool I can find for quickly making decisions about where to spend my money.
"It's a trade-off. The answer depends on your risk tolerance. Seeking higher rewards demands higher risk. If you want advice, I would recommend hiring an expert to design a plan which meets your needs. As a sample point, NOT necessarily right for anyone else...I'm considered an aggressive investor, and my own spread is still more conservative than many folks. I'm entirely in low-cost index funds, distributed as ... with the money tied up in a ""quiesced"" defined-contribution pension fund being treated as a low-yield bond. Some of these have beaten the indexes they're tracking, some haven't. My average yield since I started investing has been a bit over 10%/year (not including the company match on part of the 401k), which I consider Good Enough -- certainly good enough for something that requires near-zero attention from me. Past results are not a guarantee of future performance. This may be completely wrong for someone at a different point in their career and/or life and/or finances. I'm posting it only as an example, NOT a recommendation.  Regarding when to rebalance: Set some threshhold at which things have drifted too far from your preferred distribution (value of a fund being 5% off its target percentage in the mix is one rule I've sometimes used), and/or pick some reasonable (usually fairly low) frequency at which you'll actively rebalance (once a year, 4x/year, whenever you change your car's oil, something like that), and/or rebalance by selecting which funds you deposit additional money into whenever you're adding to the investments. Note that that last option avoids having to take capital gains, which is generally a good thing; you want as much of your profit to be long-term as possible, and to avoid triggering the ""wash sales"" rule. Generally, you do not have to rebalance very frequently unless you are doing something that I'd consider unreasonably risky, or unless you're managing such huge sums that a tiny fraction of a percent still adds up to real money."
"Figure out how much money you earn, what you spend it on, and how that will change when you have kids (will one of you stay at home? if not, how much will daycare cost and how do you finance the first few month when your child is still too young for daycare?) You will usually plan to spend your current Kaltmiete (rent without utilities) on your mortgage (the Darlehen that is secured by your house) - keep in mind though that a house usually has a higher utility cost than an appartment. When you've figured out what you can save/pay towards a house now and how that will change when you have kids, you can go on to the next step. If you don't want to buy now but want to commit to saving up for a house and also want to secure today's really low interest rates, consider getting a ""Bausparvertrag"".  I didn't find a good translation for Bausparvertrag, so here is a short example of how it works: You take a building saving sum (Bausparsumme) of 150000€ with a savings goal (Sparziel) of 50000€ (the savings goal is usually between 20% and 50% of the sum) and then you make monthly payments into the Bausparvertrag until you reach the savings goal at which point you can take out your savings and a loan of 100000 € (or whatever your difference between the Bausparsumme and Sparziel is). If you're living in an expenisve area, you're likely to need more than 150000 but this is just an example. Upsides: Downsides: If you decide to buy sooner, you can also use your Bausparvertrag to refinance later. If you have a decent income and a permanent job, then ask your bank if they would consider financing your house now. To get a sense of what you'll be able to afford, google ""wie viel Haus kann ich mir leisten"" and use a few of the many online calculators. Remember that these websites want to sell you on the idea of buying a house instead of paying rent, so they'll usually overestimate the raise in rents - repeat the calculation with rent raise set to 0% to get a feeling for how much you'll be able to afford in today's money. Also, don't forget that you're planning to get children, so do the calculation with only one income, not two, and add the cost of raising the kids to your calculation. Once you've decided on a property, shop around a bit at different banks to get the best financing. If you decide to buy now (or soon), start looking at houses now - go to model homes (Musterhäuser) to find out what style of house you like - this is useful whether you want to buy an existing house or build a new one. If buying an existing house is an option for you, start visiting houses that are on sale in your area in order to practice what to ask and what to look for. You should have a couple of visits under your belt before you really start looking for the one you want to buy. Once you're getting closer to buying or making a contract with a construction company, consider getting an expert ""Bausachverständiger"". When buying an existing house they can help you estimate the price and also estimate the renovation cost you'll have to factor in for a certain house (new heating, better insulation, ...). When building a new house they can advise you on the contract with the construction company and also examine the construction company's work at each major step (Zwischenabnahme). Source: Own experience."
Non-qualified stock options are like regular incentive stock options but without the preferential treatments that ISOs get: Companies like to give NQSOs because they can claim a tax deduction (i.e. a loss) for that difference between exercise price and market price (that you have to report as income).
Even if you expect to work you might not be able to due to health reasons or economic factors that make it difficult to obtain employment, so it's good to have a safety-net. A pension scheme, especially if it's tax-advantaged or there's a company-match, can be a useful savings scheme.  So even if you're still working when you reach normal retirement age, it provides you with a handy pot of money you can use for travel, recreation, or whatever. As others have mentioned, the pension might benefit other family members such as a spouse or children. You might change your mind about working until you drop. With NHS cuts and austerity you might need the money to supplement whatever care benefits you're entitled to when you do fall ill in your old age.
This depends on the jurisdiction, but such companies are typically subject to regulations (and audits) that require them to keep the customers' accumulated premiums very strictly separated from the company's own assets, liabilities and expenses. Additionally, they are typically only allowed to invest the capital in very safe things like government bonds. So, unless something truly catastrophic happens (like the US government defaulting on its bonds) or people in the company break the regulations (which would invovle all kinds of serious crimes and require complicity or complete failure of the auditors), your premiums and the contractual obligation to you would still be there, and would be absorbed by a different insurance company that takes over the defunct company's business.  Realistically, what all this means is that insurance companies never go bankrupt; if they do badly, they are typically bought up by a competitor long before things get that bad.
Banks make mistakes.  Reconciling your account with your bank statement is the way to catch the errors.
"As others have pointed out, you can't just pick a favorable number and rent for that amount. If you want to rent out your house, you must rent it for a value that a renter would agree to.  For example there is a house on my street that has been looking for renters for 3 years. They want $2,500 a month. This covers their mortgage, and a little bit more for taxes and repairs. It has never been rented once. Other homes in my neighborhood rent for around $1,000 a month. There is no value to a renter in renting a house that is $1,500 more then a similar house 2 doors down. Now what you can look at is cost mitigation. So I am using data from my area. Houses in my part of Florida must have A/C running in the wet months to keep the moisture from ruining the house. This can easily be $100 a month (usually more). The city requires you to have water service, even when not occupied, though the cost is very small. Same with waste, which is a flat fee: $20 a month. Yard watering is a must during the dry months (if you want to keep grass). Let's say that comes out to $50 a month, year round. Pest control is a must, especially if your house has wooden parts (like floors or a roof). Even modest pest control is $25 a month. Property taxes around $240 a month. Let's say your mortgage is around $1,000 a month. That means to sit empty your house would cost $1,435. Now if you were to rent the house, a lot of those costs could ""go away"" by becoming the tenants' responsibility. Your cost of the house sitting full would be $1,240. Let's pad that with 10% for repairs and go with $1,364. Now let's assume you can rent for $1,000 a month. Keep in mind all these rates are about right for my area but will change based on size and amenities.  Your choices are let the house sit empty for $1,435 a month or fill it and only ""lose"" $240 a month. Keep in mind that in both cases you will be gaining equity.  So what a lot of people do around here is rent out their houses and pay the $240 as an investment. For every $240 they pay, they get $1,000 in equity (well, interest and fees aside, but you get the point). It's not a money maker for them right now, but as they get older two things happen. That $240 a month ""payment"" pays off their mortgage, so they end up owning the house outright. Then that $240 a month payment turns to extra income. And at some point, their rental can be sold for (let's guess) $400,000. SO they paid $86,400 and got back $400,000. All the while they are building equity in their rental and in the home they are living in.  The important take away from this, is that it's not a source of income for the landlord as much as it is an investment. You will likely not be able to rent a house for more then a mortgage + costs + taxes, but it does make a good investment vehicle."
Any retail equity brokerage will give you access to the NYSE, and thus Facebook shares as they become available.  However, it is important to note that you nor any retail investor will be able to purchase FB at the IPO prices ($33-38 IIRC).  The only people who will be able to buy in at that price are the underwriting investment banks and major investors who have subscribed to the IPO.  You, and all the other retail investors will only be able to buy in as those major investors offer shares on the secondary market.   This being Facebook, there will probably be a significant premium over the IPO price, both due to demand and systemic underpricing of IPOs to encourage the opening 'pop'.   So, if you're intent on buying in at the IPO, pay close attention as the date approaches.  Look at how the recent big IPOs have performed (GRPN, LNKD come to mind).  Know how much you're willing to commit and what price you want.  However, no one is going to know what the opening market price will be come Friday morning.  Be watching your financial data source / analysis of choice and be prepared to make a judgement.
What does it being made by a robot have anything to do with organic or free range food? Computers don't care, but they will continue to pump out a consistent product, organic or not.   Ask yourself, do you want some edgy teen who might have soiled your food because they thought it was funny to make your lunch in the era of automation?
"If you live outside the US, then you probably need to deal with foreign tax credits, foreign income exclusions, FBAR forms (you probably have bank account balances enough for the 10K threshold) , various monsters the Congress enacted against you like form 8939 (if you have enough banking and investment accounts), form 3520 (if you have a IRA-like local pension), form 5471 (if you have a stake in a foreign business), form 8833 (if you have treaty claims) etc ect - that's just what I had the pleasure of coming across, there's more. TurboTax/H&R Block At Home/etc/etc are not for you. These programs are developed for a ""mainstream"" American citizen and resident who has nothing, or practically nothing, abroad. They may support the FBAR/FATCA forms (IIRC H&R Block has a problem with Fatca, didn't check if they fixed it for 2013. Heard reports that TurboTax support is not perfect as well), but nothing more than that. If you know the stuff well enough to fill the forms manually - go for it (I'm not sure they even provide all these forms in the software though). Now, specifically to your questions: Turbo tax doesn't seem to like the fact that my wife is a foreigner   and doesn't have a social security number. It keeps bugging me to   input a valid Ssn for her. I input all zeros for now. Not sure what to   do. No, you cannot do that. You need to think whether you even want to include your wife in the return. Does she have income? Do you want to pay US taxes on her income? If she's not a US citizen/green card holder, why would you want that? Consider it again. If you decide to include here after all - you have to get an ITIN for her (instead of SSN). If you hire a professional to do your taxes, that professional will also guide you through the ITIN process. Turbo tax forces me to fill out a 29something form that establishes   bonafide residency. Is this really necessary? Again in here it bugs me   about wife's Ssn Form 2555 probably. Yes, it is, and yes, you have to have a ITIN for your wife if she's included. My previous state is California, and for my present state I input   Foreign. When I get to the state tax portion turbo doesn't seem to   realize that I have input foreign and it wants me to choose a valid   state. However I think my first question is do i have to file a   California tax now that I am not it's resident anymore? I do not have   any assets in California. No house, no phone bill etc If you're not a resident in California, then why would you file? But you might be a partial resident, if you lived in CA part of the year. If so, you need to file 540NR for the part of the year you were a resident. If you have a better way to file tax based on this situation could you   please share with me? As I said - hire a professional, preferably one that practices in your country of residence and knows the provisions of that country's tax treaty with the US. You can also hire a professional in the US, but get a good one, that specializes on expats."
"I love how Japan faces how freaking depressing life can be for men in certain respects head-on.  You can cuddle with a girl, if you're willing to pay.  You can talk to a girl, if you're willing to pay.  It's not that life is much different in the US, but the notion that this would be acceptable at all is non-existent.  Still, there seriously needs to be a ""make your life not suck"" class or something.  I'd way rather talk to a girl who was actually interested than one who I had to pay just to talk to me (this is at a ""girl bar"", a bar where you pay girls to talk to you)."
Here is what happened: The company delivered a mattress, so you owed them $600. They used a credit card company to get the payment from you, so your money went to the credit card company, which passed it on to the mattress company, and you didn't owe anything for the mattress anymore. The company should have refunded a small amount, and should have asked the credit card company to refund a small amount, say $20 (just guessing so we have a number). The credit card company instead refunded $600.  That money is yours. What happened there is just between you and your credit card company. However, since the mattress company now hasn't received any money from you, you still owe the mattress company $580, and they can ask you for that money for quite a long time, once they get their act together. Probably two or three years.
I think a labor management issue explains the high cost of popcorn. Some weeks theaters are loaded with patrons and other weeks there are many fewer patrons. If popcorn were priced so that most patrons bought some the theater manager would have to have lots of employees to sell popcorn on the really busy days. The manager would have to cover the cost of wages on the slow days. A simple solution would be to adjust employee hours. To a certain extent I suspect this is done. If you look at the situation from the standpoint of the employee being sent home early or being told not to work tomorrow or, perhaps for the next week because the theater has a bunch of bombs, is not a good situation. A job in popcorn sales is probably not a high paying job so the employees may just quit and they may do this, not by giving notice, but rather by not showing up for a scheduled shift. The result of this is that managers determine the maximum number of employees they can hire if there theater has low drawing movies and they set the price of popcorn so that when the theater is filled this number of employees will not be overwhelmed by patron buying popcorn. At least not to the extent that the start of the movie has to be delayed.
Inefficiency is about time spent producing.  If money funnels towards producing rather than (example) gambling, even if producing costs more the money is removed from gambling economy to producing economy.  And if people increase production and speed due to better pay, it's more efficient.    It's never that simple, but it's an important point.
"Consider the ""opportunity cost"" of the extra repayment on a 15 year loan.  If you owe money at 30% p.a. and money at 4% p.a. then it is a no brainer that the 30% loan gets paid down first. Consider too that if the mortgage is not tax deductable and you pay income tax, that you do not pay tax on money you ""save"". (i.e. in the extreme $1 saved is $2 earned). Forward thinking is key, if you are paying for someone's college now, then you would want to pay out of an education plan for which contributions are tax deductable, money in, money out. In my country most mortgages, be they 15,25,30 years tend to last 6-8 years for the lender. People move or flip or re-finance.  I would take the 15 for the interest rate but only if I could sustain the payments without hardship. Maybe a more modest home ?   If you cannot afford the higher repayments you are probably sailing a bit close to the wind anyway.   Another thing to consider is that tax benefits can be altered with the stroke of a pen, but you may still have to meet repayments."
Don't borrow from your future to live in the present.
"There is no ""golden rule"" on how high of a credit limit an individual should have. There are 22 year olds that have $100,000 credit limits and 40 year olds that have $1000. The most important thing is to not over spend and pay your balance(s) in full every month. Seeing as you are doing that now, there is no downside to getting an increase."
"What littleadv said is correct.  His worth is based on the presumed worth of the total company value (which is much greater than all investment dollars combined because of valuation growth)*. In other words, his ""worth"" is based on the potential return for his share of ownership at a rate based on the latest valuation of the company. He is worth $17.5 billion today, but the total funding for Facebook is only $2.4 billion? I don't understand this. In private companies, valuations typically come from either speculation/analysts or from investments.  Investment valuations are the better gauge, because actual money traded hands for a percentage ownership. However, just as with public companies on the stock market, there are (at least) two caveats. Just because someone else sold their shares at a given rate, doesn't mean that rate... In both cases, it's possible the value may be much lower or much higher.  Some high-value purchases surprise for how high they are, such as Microsoft's acquisition of Skype for $8.5 billion. The formula for one owner's ""worth"" based on a given acquisition is: Valuation = Acquisition amount / Acquisition percent Worth = Owner's percent × Valuation According to Wikipedia Zuckerberg owns 24%.  In January, Goldman Sach's invested $500 million at a $50 billion valuation. That is the latest investment and puts Zuckerberg's worth at $12 billion. However, some speculation places a Facebook IPO at a much higher valuation, such as as $100 billion.  I don't know what your reference is for $17 billion, but it puts their valuation at $70.8 billion, between the January Goldman valuation and current IPO speculation. * For instance, Eduardo Saverin originally invested $10,000, which, at his estimated 5% ownership, would now be worth $3-5 billion."
Did you account for college? That's 40k per year in tuition alone. Also I'm not sure you accounted that the number included income forgone, as in if they weren't taking care of the kids they could've been earning more money. The article says the cost to *parents* is 900,000 per kid, but that doesn't mean the parents are actually spending 900,000 per kid.   Lots of other things to account for...a couple w/o kids doesn't need to get a 4-bedroom house for example. Does your co-worker own a house? Did you account for the cost of ownership?
They have to follow the same rules as taxis because they *are* taxis. Sure, change the taxi laws. I know several cab companies that would love to fluctuate their fares based on time of day. Oh, it's 2am and you want a ride home? Sure, that'll be $10/mi, payment up front.  The big complaint here isn't the competition, that's fine. It's the fact that they aren't following the same regulations, i.e. breaking the law, where the cab companies still have to obey the law. It's not a level playing field. The cab companies in my area have told the city if they don't kick Uber and Lyft out they're going to stop paying their licensing fees, and that's about $2m ever year.
"&gt;ignores over a decade of rigorous testing because it doesn't support your narrative.  FAULTY TESTING. How fucking hard is it for you to get that point through your thick head? The testing is irrelevant because it's possible to get past it. It was not rigorous at all because again, it couldn't test for everything, the drug Armstrong used being one of them.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.      Do you finally understand why saying ""He passed all the tests"" is useless? If he did have positive tests then that would be evidence of guilt, saying there is no positive test is not evidence of innocence, just absence of the evidence of guilt. It would be evidence of innocence if it was absolutely impossible for him to beat the test, but he can beat the test.  Get that through your thick fucking head.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  IT IS POSSIBLE TO BEAT THE TEST.  It is just fucking mind blowingly retarded of you to continually push the fact that he passed the tests as fact he isn't doping when I have repeatedly told you that the was able to beat the test, and it has been outlined how he did it. So yes you are like a creationist in the sense that you ignore the evidence, said evidence being information on how it is possible for someone to beat the test, and yet you still say ""He passed the test""  Saying he passed the tests which couldn't check for the drug he was on and therefore he is innocent is like saying ""We used a shitty camera to check for microscopic gun shot residue on the murder suspect, the shitty camera couldn't detect any gunshot residue therefore he has no gunshot residue on him and therefore he isn't the murder suspect""  Fucking idiot.  I really do think you're a troll at this point because the fact that he was able to beat the tests is the basic core of the argument against your claims of ""His tests are all clean!"" and you still don't seem to understand that."
This is not correct information. The plan sponsor is the fiduciary and potentially any advisor or consultant. The recordkeeper or even the custodian of the assets is a directed trustee, and follows the instructions provided by the plan sponsor. Fidelity or whatever recordkeeper is being used is not in the business of determining if company stock is a prudent investment in the plan. That, again is the job of the plan sponsor and the plans investment committee and possibly an advisor.  The plan sponsor in this case is most certainly eliminating the stock as an option in the plan to pre-empt a stock loss lawsuit brought on by plan participants or plantiffs attorneys.
You could just commingle your funds.  That way, she also learns how to keep track of things and how to figure things out, rather just learning to have the guy at the brokerage hand her an account statement which she blindly accepts. It might cause some tax problems though if the money grows to be substantial.
"I suppose this could really depend on the part of the world you're in, but there are still many instances of ""emergencies"" that need ""cash"". You have to decide how much cash is the right amount, but I still recommend having $1,000 or so in liquid cash. It can really make a huge difference. Let me give a few examples.  Bad weather. I live in Florida and after a hurricane if you want gas, food, or water, you're going to need cash. ATM networks are the last to get repaired. Same for internet. Cell services are not at the top of the list. You could be 4-5 days without access to your accounts. If you need anything in that time frame it's cash or the Red Cross. Children. As a foster parent we keep some cash on hand because as kids come in to our care we want to get them in school right away. How are they going to eat? You can't give them your plastic, you haven't had time to setup ""lunch accounts"" or the like. Cash always works. Along those same lines are bus tickets, clothes, supplies and what not. Not everywhere will take an ATM card, and if your money is tied up in a stock then what are you supposed to do for 3 days? Tell your new kid that he can't eat? Big Emergency problems. Like your car breaks down on the interstate. Sure it can get towed to the dealership, and yes they will add the tow to your bill, and sure you have a few days to pay it (while your car gets fixed), but how are you going to get around? Not all taxis take plastic around here.  Almost none of the busses take plastic even though they are supposed to. Lost Wallet or ID theft. Lose your wallet, good luck getting into your bank accounts. It can take weeks to establish your ID after you lose it in some cases. You want your ID, but you need your birth certificate. You have to GO to the state of birth and request it. Oh but wait, to travel you need an ID. No problem send away for it, but wait, you need to send them money to mail it. To bad all your money is tied up.  Running or Evacuating - So you need to evacuate for some reason. No big deal. But all your money is in a place you can't get to it. How do you put gas in your car. Lets stick with it and say you get to ""cash out"" an account of some kind. Guess what, they're not going to mail it to some random address. Now you're stuck fighting support centers to get them to understand that you need your funds delivered to New York even though you live in Florida.  In short, you don't need $100,000 in liquid funds, but there are a few cases that you need something liquid. You also make a lot of assumptions. For example, not every one will have health insurance, or a heath problem that is covered by their insurance. Some serious home repairs are ""down payment"" upfront. Car problems like an accident that means you need a rental can totally be up front. Especially if credit cards can't be used."
Because US regulators typically are focused on the prices consumers pay. If you're a monopoly and they drop, its ok.   That's why the DoJ went after Apple when it got into the ebook market instead of Amazon. Apple was raising prices instead of lowering them.
"HR is clueless.  Clueless, while I can tell in 2 seconds that Susan is an idiot based on  ""*Susan: There are a lot of things to consider with that. One school of thought says that when you put corporate assets into the cloud, they are more secure because you know exactly what you have there. You have an exact inventory, you know exactly who has access to that data, and how it is controlled.*"""
&gt;We've already broken up with MS and moved on.  Yet Microsoft just finished another crazy profitable quarter.  If tech blogs were of any indication, Microsoft has been in a death spiral for the past 15 years, despite their financials constantly showing the opposite.  Their success in enterprise still more than makes up for all their mistakes in breaking into other markets.
Windfalls can disappear in a heartbeat if you're not used to managing large amounts of money. That said, if you can read a bank statement and can exercise a modicum of self control over spending, you do not need a money manager. (See: Leonard Cohen)  First, spend $15 on J.L. Collins' book The Simple Path to Wealth.  https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30646587-the-simple-path-to-wealth. Plan to spend about 4% of your wealth annually (4% of $1.2 million = $48,000) Bottom line: ALWAYS live within your means. Own your own home free and clear. Don't buy an annuity unless you have absolutely no self control. If it feels like you're spending money too fast, you almost certainly are.
"Some details in case you are interested: Being a defined benefit kind of pension plan, the formula for your Social Security benefits isn't tied directly to FICA contributions, and I'm not aware of any calculator that performs an ROI based on FICA contributions. Rather, how much you'll get in retirement is based on your average indexed monthly earnings.  Here's some information on the Social Security calculation from the Social Security Administration - Primary Insurance Amount (PIA): For an individual who first becomes eligible for old-age insurance   benefits or disability insurance benefits in 2013, or who dies in 2013   before becoming eligible for benefits, his/her PIA will be the sum of:       (a) 90 percent of the first $791 of his/her average indexed monthly earnings, plus       (b) 32 percent of his/her average indexed monthly earnings over $791 and through $4,768, plus       (c) 15 percent of his/her average indexed monthly earnings over $4,768. Here's an example.  Of course, to calculate a benefit in the future, you'll need to calculate projected average indexed monthly earnings; more details here.  You'll also need to make assumptions about what those bend points might be in the future.  The average wage indexing values for calculating the AIME are available from the Social Security Administration's site, but future indexing values will also need to be projected based on an assumption about their inflation.  You'll also need to project the Contribution and Benefit Base which limits the earnings used to calculate contributions and benefits. Also, the PIA calculation assumes benefits are taken at the normal retirement age.  Calculating an early or late retirement factor is required to adjust benefits for another age.  Then, whatever benefits you get will increase each year, because the benefit is increased based on annual changes in the cost of living. Performing the series of calculations by hand isn't my idea of fun, but implementing it as a spreadsheet (or a web page) and adding in some ""ROI based on FICA contributions"" calculations might be an interesting exercise if you are so inclined? For completeness sake, I'll mention that the SSA also provides source code for a Social Security Benefit Calculator."
Yea there stock dropped big deal, their former CEO ken Lewis made a massive about of money during the sub prime era.  Not to mention the massive amount of money Anglo mazillo made at country wide which BOA took over.  When BOA foreclosed on people's homes they made even more money selling homes. when the ended mark to mark accounting in march of 09 they got bad assets off their balance sheet.  The stock price means crap, the price of a stock is what the public values u at, make no question they are and have been making money.  As far as ur communist reference u can go fuck yourself I work on the street I don't have time to search the web for the knowledge I've collected working in the industry.
"Their ""genius idea"" saved me more than 50 bucks last week when I bought a new ultra book and photoshop 6 student edition for my wife from Fry's Electronics and found out that Fry's would match their prices. Best Buy was cheaper than Fries, pigs must be flying somewhere.."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/11/business/dealbook/teamsters-union-tries-to-slow-self-driving-truck-push.html?ref=dealbook) reduced by 65%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The union has persuaded United States lawmakers to exempt commercial trucks from a bill allowing more autonomous vehicles on the roads.  &gt; The bipartisan plan raises the cap on permitted vehicles that don&amp;#039;t have common features such as a steering wheel, or meet certain safety requirements, to 100,000 a year from the current limit of 2,500.The Teamsters successfully lobbied to exclude vehicles over 10,000 pounds.  &gt; It is seen as a precursor to autonomous trucks, and Arkansas, Tennessee and South Carolina are among the states considering such a move.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6two5r/teamsters_union_tries_to_slow_selfdriving_truck/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~191527 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **truck**^#1 **vehicles**^#2 **States**^#3 **self-driving**^#4 **autonomous**^#5"
Some answers already informed about denomination. There are currencies, doing the cut off of two digits, for example the french franc. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_franc#New_franc  When you look to old french movies, they often talked about 'old franc' when talking about values (at least in French original, I don't know what happens in English translations).
There is no simple way to convert an ISIN into a stock ticker symbol. The only way to even attempt to do so is to map the ISIN to a CUSIP or SEDOL or other national identifier and then map that identifier to a stock ticker symbol.
"I usually recommend along these lines.  If you are going to drive the same car for many years, then buy. Your almost always better to buy, and then drive a car for 10 years than to lease and replace it every 2 years. If you want a new car every two years then lease. You're usually better off leasing if you're going to replace the car before the auto loan is paid off or shortly there after. Also you can get ""more car"" for the same monthly money via leasing. I honestly would advise you to either buy out your lease, or buy a barely used car. Then drive it for as long as you can. Take the extra money you would spend and spend it on an awesome vacation or something.  Also, if you're only driving 15 miles a day, then get a cheap, but solid car. Again, just my advice."
When did I ever mention the constitution? Ever considered that I'm not even American? So basing my arguments on your constitution wouldn't make sense to me.  Capitalism is barter. You don't neither need government enforcement nor centralized currencies. In fact that's what anarcho-capitalists always were speaking out against.  Capitalism does not require maintenance and there's this thing called private schools, loans and private security (I'm no ancap, I'm just saying...) And even you yourself did not dare to put healthcare in that list apparently.  Are you seriously going to base your arguments on a game that has a maximum of 12 pieces, a single branch of business and limited amounts of money? Go ahead, it's past midnight but even sleepy me realizes that that's a terrible idea.
Like all many branches of the economy, they do cross over at points. Private stock value increases pushes up tax revenue which in turn contributes to easing of national debt. The level of economic ignorance in this thread is astounding.
"Since the last time savings account interest rates were meaningful banks have made relationships much ""stick-ier."" By that I mean that the online services and all the auto-pay systems in place put up a significant barrier for people to leave their bank. This results in people no longer shopping their banking business around to the bank with the best account interest rates. So no cartel or other devious behavior from banks, but rather just customer apathy (as you pointed out was an option)."
Buying pressure means there are more interested buyers than there are ready sellers putting upward pressure on prices. That might include institutional buyers who are slowly executing buy orders because they still want the best prices possible without clearing out the market. Buying pressure doesn't have to be related to volume at all. If everyone who owns shares think they are going to be worth far more than recent market prices, they will not offer them for sale. That means there is more demand to buy than there is a supply of shares to be bought. That condition can exist regardless of trading volume.
"The bond funds should tell you their duration. My 401(k) has similar choices, and right now, I'm at the short maturity, i.e. under 1 year. The current return is awful, but better than the drop the longer term funds will experience as rates come back up.  Not quite mathematically correct, but close enough, ""duration"" gives you the time-weighted average maturity in a way that tells you how the value responds to a rate change. If a fund has a 10 year duration, a .1% rate rise will cause the fund value to drop 1.0%."
Brokers will have transaction fees in addition to the find management fees, but they should be very transparent. Brokering is a very competitive business.  Any broker that added hidden fees to their transactions would lose customers very quickly to other brokers than can offer the same services. Hedge funds are a very different animal, with less regulation, less transparency,  and less competition. Their fees are tolerated because the leveraged returns are usually much higher. When times are bad, though,  those fees might drive investors elsewhere.
"I had a weird arrangement like this in college with a girl. She didn't want a relationship, or sex. She just wanted to sleep with me. So occasionally my phone would ring at 10:30, ""Dave, this is Pam. I'm at the door. Can I come down?"" (My dorm room was in the basement of the graduate/doctoral dorm)  She'd come down, want to cuddle a bit, and go to sleep.  In the morning I'd get dressed, reset the alarm clock for her, and go to class. I'd come back from lunch at the cafeteria and my bed would be made, the room picked up, and clothes put away.   Since I was in between relationships at the time, it was a very cool symbiosis for the two of us."
"This will probably require asking the SO to sign a quitclaim and/or to ""sell"" him her share of the vehicle's ownership and getting it re-titled in his own name alone, which is the question you actually asked. To cancel the cosigner arrangement, he has to pay off the loan. If he can't or doesn't want to do that in cash, he'd have to qualify for a new loan to refinasnce in his name only, or get someone else (such as yourself) to co-sign. Alternatively, he might sell the car (or something else) to pay what he still owes on it. As noted in other answers, this kind of mess is why you shouldn't get into either cosigning or joint ownership without a written agreement spelling out exactly what happens should one of the parties wish to end this arrangement.  Doing business with friends is still doing business."
That's the foundation of Limited Liability.  There is a corporate veil that protects your personal assets from that of your business.  The corporate veil can be pierced if you do certain stuff and thus your personal assets will get effected.  This allows people to start companies and innovate more and take more risks knowing that they could not be personally liable if the business folds.
And they will be with any governance that gives the people a voice.  I wouldn’t have it any other way.  But special interest groups need to be treated like spoiled children who haven’t learned boundaries:  1) Call them out on their hypocracy, being inconsiderate, and when they are bein ridiculous.  2) If they have good ideas, listen to them  3) If they are willing to work with you, work with them  4) Teach then that there are boundaries  When a special interest group gets what they want, they dive in to grab as much as they can.  Then other groups try the same.  The conversations and decisions must instead be controlled, slowed or halted when they pull more than was agreed upon.  We have unfairly favored certain special interest groups throughout history.  Right now, we have a Christian extreme and their opposition acting like spoiled brats, and the corporate interests being handed the keys to the kingdom.  It is no wonder we are experiencing worse fracturing!  When sharks smell blood, they frenzy, and we’re feeding with little constraint.
Supply and demand basically determines wages. Unfortunately our society doesn't even see sustainability of families or society as important enough to make protecting them a high priority.   However, if you are a bank thats been involved in shady business deals, they are going to great lengths to help you avoid prosecution, not just here but all around the world.
You're doing great.  I'd suggest trying get putting 5-10% towards your retirement and the balance to the student loans. You are a little weak in retirement savings, but you have $550k house with 20% equity that you bought at the bottom of the market. That's a smart investment IMO, and in my mind compensates somewhat for your low 401k balance. If I were you, I would retire the student loans ASAP to reduce the money that you have to shell out each month. That way, you have the option of scaling back you or your wife's work somewhat to avoid paying thousands for child care. In my mind, less debt == more options, and I like options.
I suppose it depends on your goals and expectations, but I'd argue its not easy. Regardless of the chosen sub discipline of trading or investing you pursue there will be some theoretical and research work to do, some learning of the mechanics of the market, and some 'ropes' to learn upfront. After that the time frame you are working in, the complexity and time requirements of your methodology dictate how much time you need. I personally spend enough time on it to be considered equivalent to a part time job, but I enjoy continually learning and researching. If I weren't constantly trying to improve and research I would say the mechanics might take a half hour a day. However, I would gladly do it full time if I were able. I believe that is important, if you simply want to make lots of money but hate the process you will likely fail. As mentioned earlier if you are new to this the majority of your time will be spent initially learning whats out there, trying various things out, and finding what works for you. There are a lot of different ways to approach the market and a number of markets to approach. For me it took two years to find my niche and become profitable. Learn to loose small and keep your itchy fingers in check during that learning curve.
The HMRC website would explain it better to you. There is a lot of factors and conditions involved, so refer to the HMRC website for clarification. If your question had more details, it could have been easy to pinpoint the exact answer. Do I declare the value of shares as income Why would you do that ? You haven't generated income from that yet(sold it to make a profit/loss), so how can that be declared as income.
Ahh the vest. The mark of a Finance professional. Seriously, I don't know of any other person outside of a Finance career that wears it. My theory is that it's warm and it lessens the need to re-tuck your shirt every few minutes for those that don't have tailored shirts.
The one thing that I know is that we'll no longer need to subsidize or coddle the lower classes anymore.  I'm tired of having to pay such high tax rates so that they can live off my hard work.  No more forced labor!
"we all see posts about How To Get An Idea for a business.  I respond that keeping eyes and ears open has been my ""method"" for many years.  so as an example of that, here's a guy who simply decided ""there have to be more people like me"" and started a business helping others escape from liberal states...taxes, regulations.  his stats are pretty amazing.  enjoy"
"New Deal type solutions, living wages, and other things with a socialism streak. It's unattractive for people who have been used to the American way, but the alternative is an ever expanding non-working/low-wage class. Many people do not cut it for service and post-college, or college level jobs, many people are best suited for trade work. As more jobs become automated, and more blue collar work gets pushed overseas, and as our economy turns to service/high education work, more and more people will be left behind. Either these people are put to work by corporations by lowering their ridiculous standards for once, or the government steps in and does it for them by putting them to work in pubic projects or service, and for those that can't be placed, a living wage, otherwise they will be poor and desperate, having those people around isn't pretty for a society.   I'm not just making this up, people have been predicting this situation for a better part of a century, even the [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970204468004577164710231081398.html) is seeing it. The rise of Consumerism pushed it off a bit, but Globalization and increasing technology has taken the edge off of it. People need to realize that this is a problem, and they need to stop being so arrogant and ignorant about the reality of socioeconomics, otherwise it will bite them in the ass. Is the solution perfect? Nope, but I haven't heard a better one that doesn't have ""Maybes"" attached to it, or assume people will just do things out of their good nature."
Yeah, that last bit from Curtis was absolutely inspiring to me as well. I listened to it repeatedly the day I first heard it, because I couldn't get it out of my head. If you want to do the same, or you might want to show others the monologue, you can do so [here.](https://soundcloud.com/chapo-trap-house/episode-65-teaser-the-brutal-question) You should also listen to more of the podcast if you're interested. They're a bit all over the place and eclectic, but they're the best socialist entertainment podcast out there.  So where do you fall on the question? I want real change, and I honestly don't have anything to lose. I don't see myself ever having a good life unless things do change for the better. But I've also been thinking about emigrating...  Also agree about OWS. But a movement that's actually connecting with people should be able to overcome *some* of the propaganda used against it by the corporate media. That was a genuine failing on the part of the organizers, I think. [You should read this though. It's on a tangential topic, but more people should know about how the FBI conspired to help smash the movement.](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/dec/29/fbi-coordinated-crackdown-occupy)
"I've had pretty good experience with fiction and non-fiction. I guess it's all about expectations. I actually dislike having physical media laying around the house (DVD's, books, etc.), and prefer having it stored with a service provider. I get that you give up some of the benefits of physical (sharing it, you ""own it"", etc.), but those weren't high on my list of values anyways."
"I'm going to look just at purchase price. Essentially, you can't always claim the whole of the purchase price (or 95% your case) in the year (the accounting period) of purchase, but you get a percentage of the value of the car each year, called writing down allowance, which is a capital allowance. It is similar to depreciation, but based on HRMC's own formula. In fact, it seems you probably can claim 95% of the purchase price, because the value is less than £1000. The logic is a bit involved, but I hope you can understand it. You could also claim simplified expenses instead, which is just based on a rate per mile, but you can't claim both. Note, by year I mean whatever your account period is. This could be the normal financial year, but you would probably have a better idea about this. See The HMRC webpage on this for more details.  The big idea is that you record the value of any assets you are claiming writing down allowance on in one of a number of pools, that attract the same rate of writing down allowance, so you don't need to record the value of each asset separately. They are similar to accounts in accounting, so they have an opening balance, and closing balance. If you use an asset for personal use, it needs a pool to itself. HRMC call that a single asset pool. So, to start with, look at the Business Cars section, and look at the Rates for Cars section, to determine the rate you can claim. Each one links to a further article, which gives more detail if you need it. Your car is almost certainly in the special rate category. Special rate is 8% a year, main rate is 18%, and First year allowance is essentially 100%. Then, you look at the Work out what you can claim article. That talks you through the steps. I'll go through your example. You would have a pool for your car, which would end the account period before you bought the vehicle at zero (step 1). You then add the value of the car in the period you bought it (Step 2). You would reduce the value of the pool if you dispose of it in the same year (Step 3). Because the car is worth less than £1,000 (see the section on ""If you have £1,000 or less in your pool""), you would normally be able to claim the whole value of the pool (the value of the car) in the first accounting period, and reduce the value of the pool to zero. As you use the car for personal use, you only claim 95% of the value, but still reduce the pool to zero. See the section on ""Items you use outside your business"". This £1000 is adjusted if your accounting period lasts more or less than 12 months. Once the pool is down to zero that it you don't need to think about it any more for tax purposes, apart from if you are claiming other motoring expenses, or if you sell it.  It gets more complicated if the car is more expensive. I'll go through an example for a car worth £2,000.  Then, after Step 3, on the year of purchase, you would reduce the value of the pool by 8%, and claim 95% of the reduction. This would be a 160 reduction, and 95%*160 = 152 claim, leaving the value of 1860 in the pool. You then follow the same steps for the next year, start with 1840 in the pool, reduce the value by 8%, then claim 95% of the reduction. This continues until you sell or dispose of the car (Step 3), or the value of the pool is 1000 or less, then you claim all of it in that year. Selling the car, or disposing of the car is discussed in the  Capital allowances when you sell an asset article. The basic idea is that if you have already reduced the value of the pool to zero, the price you sell the car for is added you your profits for that year (See ""If you originally claimed 100% of the item""), if you still have anything in the pool, you reduce the value of the pool by the sale value, and if it reduces to below zero (to -£200, say), you add that amount (£200, in this case), to your profits. If the value is above zero, you keep applying writing down allowances. In your case, that seems to just means if you sell the car in the same year you buy it, you claim the difference (or 95% of it) as writing down allowance, and if you do it later, you claim the purchase price in the year of purchase, and add 95% of the sale price to your profits in the year you sell it. I'm a bit unclear about starting ""to use it outside your business"", which doesn't seem to apply if you use it outside the business to start with.   You can claim simplified expenses for vehicles, if you are a sole trader or partner, but not if you claim capital allowances (such as writing down allowances) on them, or you include a separate expense in your accounts for motoring expenses. It's a flat rate of 45p a mile for the first 10,000 miles, and 25p per mile after that, for cars, and 24p a mile for motorcycles. See the HRMC page on Simplifed Mileage expenses for details. For any vehicle you decide to either claim capital allowances claim running costs separately, or claim simplified mileage expenses, and ""Once you use the flat rates for a vehicle, you must continue to do so as long as you use that vehicle for your business.you have to stick with that decision for that vehicle"".  In your case, it seems you can claim 95% of the purchase price in the accounting period you buy it, and if you sell it you add 95% of the sale price to your profits in that accounting period. It gets more complicated if you have a car worth more than £1000, adjusted for the length of the accounting period. Also, if you change how you use it, consult the page on selling selling an asset, as you may have disposed of it. You can also use simplified mileage expenses, but then you can't claim capital allowances, or claim running costs separately for that car. I hope that makes sense, please comment if not, and I'll try to adjust the explanation."
&gt;Why not?  For the reason that I already gave  &gt;If marketing is a product then so is education.  Who pays for the marketing? The company that wants to get their product info out to potential customers.   Who pays for inner city public schools? Not the students that want part of being there   &gt;Are there for-profit schools? Yes? Sounds like a product.  Yes, sounds like a product that's being bought. Who's paying for it though? Again not the students
Do not hesitate to contact the Restoration Company in Las Vegas in the situations where there is a fire accident and everything has been damaged by the fire. You should clear the impressions of fire so that people get out of that fear.
As células solares, também conhecidas como células fotovoltaicas, convertem a luz solar (fótons) em eletricidade Tanto a pesquisa quanto o uso de células solares aumentaram acentuadamente nos últimos anos, e hoje existem muitas empresas diferentes que fabricam células solares e sistemas solares. As células solares estão presentes em tudo, desde pequenos produtos elétricos (por exemplo, calculadoras) até a geração de energia commercial Energia Fotovoltaica em grande escala. A luz solar consiste em pequenas partículas Se uma célula fotovoltaica estiver iluminada com luz solar, alguns desses fotões serão absorvidos pela célula. Quando os fotones foram absorvidos pela camada negativa na célula fotovoltaica, os elétrons serão liberados. Existe uma diferença de tensão entre as duas camadas, semelhante a uma bateria. circuito. Uma corrente elétrica aumentou.
"Using the card but paying it off entirely at each billing cycle is the only ""Good"" way to use a credit card.  If you feel like you will be tempted to buy more than you can pay back don't use credit. As far as furnishing the apartment, the best thing to do would be to save and pay cash, but if you want to use credit the credit available at stores would be a far better deal than carrying it on a card."
"Yes, it's unreasonable to think the prices will drop 10-20% in that time frame.  Housing prices are not an equation that can can be solved to ""home prices are X% overvalued."" You have 3 answers so far, Quanty's ""prices are inversely proportional to rates,"" Rob's ""there's no strong correlation between interest rates and house prices,"" and MB's, ""rising interest rates create downward pressure on housing prices."" Any research into price history had better take every other variable into account. Articles that look at rates vs price don't always address a key item, income. Say we agree that the data show your city to be 10% too high. But if sellers like their high price and have some 'dig my heels in' power, prices won't drop. The seller simply stays put, and the supply/demand curves result not in a lower price, but in less supply. And the effect is to change the demographic of that area, i.e. attracting higher income earners.  Rob linked to an article with a nice set of charts. One chart showing the US30 yr fixed rate and 'Real House Prices'. What results is a chart that can refute the relationship between rates and prices. But that would ignore an historical point that's too important to forget. The tumble that started in Jan '06 had nothing to do with the 30 year rate. It was the result of a series of insane financial products including 'interest only option ARMs' which permitted buyers to get approved for a purchase based on a payment that wasn't fixed, and would change to a fully amortizing mortgage at a higher rate that was unaffordable. A product that was a financial time bomb. Canada Banks offered no such product, and when the US market got pneumonia, Canada experienced a mild cold. With respect to any answers that offer US centric data to prove any hypothesis, I don't feel such comparisons are appropriate.  Correlations, and the data used to prove them are an interesting thing. I can suggest that you take the US 30 year rate, along with our median income, or rather 25% of monthly median income. Calculate the mortgage that results. This translates nicely to the home a median family can afford. And I claim that long term this is the equilibrium price of that median home. But supply/demand has another factor, 'stickyness' or the more technical term, 'inelasticity of demand.' This means that for example, a 10% increase in the price of cigarettes does not cause a 10% drop in consumption. Each and every good has its own elasticity, and in the case of housing, a rise in cost would certainly impact the marginal buyers, but others will simply adjust their budgets. Not all buyers were planning to hit the bank's limit on what they could afford, so the rise doesn't change their mind, just their budget.  Last - I know that Canada does not have a 30 year mortgage, most common is a 5 year rate with 30 year amortization. (correction/clarification, anyone?) The effect of this is less volatility in the market, since I believe your rates are not poised for the 2.5% to 4% jump implied by another response. Small increases can be absorbed.  In a beautiful coincidence, the Federal Reserve Board sent me a link to The Interest Rate Elasticity of Mortgage Demand: Evidence From Bunching at the Conforming Loan Limit. It's a bit long but a worthwhile look at how the correlation isn't as instant as some might think."
Well, there's also the related matter that the rate of pay increase for average workers has increased at a small fraction of executive pay. There are many ways to remedy this, including raising top tax rates (though by no means exclusively).
"Oh, yeah, my mistake.  My statement would apply if that was ""dew point"" instead of ""heat index"".  Haha, this is the most ridiculous back-and-forth because I'm sure we're both in agreement.  Hopefully someone will find it useful!"
Open Google finance and divide the Market Capitalization by the total price. That will give you the total number of shares outstanding. Now see the number of shares you could buy for $1000(40 shares of $25 each or 10 shares of 100 shares each). Now divide the number of shares you own, by the number of shares outstanding in the company and multiply it by 100(i.e (Shares you own/shares Outstanding) * 100). That will give you the percentage or stake of the company you own(With $1000, don't expect it to be a very large number). Now ask your self the question, Is it worth it if I can buy x % of this company for $1000? If the answer is yes, go ahead and buy it.  To answer your question in short, NO! it does not matter whether you buy 10 shares for $100 or 40 shares for $25. Cheers
My opinion is that 50% savings is the number to shoot for, and I strive toward that number as often as possible.  10% - savings for retirement 10% - savings for short term emergency fund 25% - payment on mortgage principal 5% - savings for planned big purchases I overpay the principal so that 25% of my income goes to principal payments, and I separately account for the mortgage interest/home owners insurance as another expense in my budget.  Because of this aggressive payment schedule, the house I bought 2 years ago will be payed in full in another 9 years.  I own another property outright that I paid down in the same fashion and I collect rent on it as a supplement to my income.  I started with a small townhouse that I could easily afford, but now I have a much larger home that I can still easily afford. The emergency fund doesn't need to be more than 6 months of expenses, which is 3 months of income if your expenses are only 50% of your income.  I keep 6 months of expenses liquid and another 12 in a low risk investment.  Once you have your emergency fund funded, you can add that percentage to a different category (say 15% to retirement and 10% to planned big purchases), or you can over-fund it.  I have had a few catastrophes that have depleted that fund, so I like having the extra 12 months of income available. I set the last 5% aside for wants that are not regular expenses.  If I want a car, I save 5% of my income until I can pay cash for it.  I have an infinite number of these wants, so I prioritize them and buy them in order when the cash becomes available. The reason I use percentages is to keep me focused when my income increases. Instead of spending all the additional money that I could afford to spend each time I get a raise. I instead only increase my expenses to the 50% mark.  It was much harder to save 50% when I got my first job out of college, but now I live quite comfortably on that percentage and I could take a large hit to my income before I would need to make significant changes to my lifestyle.
"Paying yourself through a corporation requires an analysis of a variety of issues. First, a salary paid to yourself creates RRSP contribution room as well as CPP contributions.  Paying yourself a dividend achieves neither of those. By having a corporation, you will have to file a corporate (T2) tax return.  The corporation is considered a separate legal entity from you.  As an individual, you will still need to file a personal (T1) tax return. Never just ""draw"" money out of a corporation.  This can create messy transactions involving loans to shareholders.  Interest is due on these amounts and any amounts not paid within one calendar year are considered as wages by Canada Revenue and would need to be reported as income on your next T1 return. You should never withhold EI premiums as the sole owner of a corporation.  You are considered exempt from these costs by CRA.  Any amounts that have been remitted to CRA can be reclaimed by submitting a formal request. The decision on whether to take a salary or dividends normally requires some detailed analysis.  Your accountant or financial advisor should be able to assist in this matter."
3 years ago I wrote Student Loans and Your First Mortgage in response to this exact question by a fellow blogger in my state.  What I focused on was the way banks qualify you for a loan, a percentage for the housing cost, and a higher number that also comprises all other debt. If the goal is speed-to-purchase, you make minimum payments on the student loan, and save for the $100K downpayment as fast as you can.  The question back to you is whether the purchase is your priority, and how debt averse you are. I'd caution, if you work for a company with a matched 401(k), I'd still deposit to the match, but no more.  Personal finance is just that, personal. We don't know your entire situation, your current rental expenses vs your total condo cost when you buy. If you are in a location where renting costs far more than your cost of ownership, Ben might change his mind a bit. If the reverse is true, you're living a college student's lifestyle with a room costing $400/mo sharing a house with friends, I'll back off and say to pay the loan and save until you can't tolerate the situation. You'll find there are few situations that have a perfect answer without having all the details.
"Age. Current marginal rate. Total saved so far. Current rate of savings. Joint or single filer. These are among the variables that go into making this decision. Without this, my answer is a general response. In general, you have one marginal rate today. (Unless you happened to be straddling a bracket limit).  In retirement, you have your marginal rate, of course, but also every bracket up to that level. It can make sense to save today pretax to avoid 25%, knowing this money will be withdrawn at an average 10 % or so in retirement.  Edit to clarify to the one who offers comment below to the contrary.  The 2015 taxtable for single filer:  A single person has a combined $10,300 standard deduction and exemption. This means that if he has no other income in retirement, a withdrawal of $47,750 results in a tax bill of $5156. This is an average 10.8% on that withdrawal. It also means that one can save nearly $1.2M before hitting the 25% bracket in retirement. With the numbers I offered, the next $1 is taxed at 25%. In general, if a new worker starts by using Roth, and goes to traditional to avoid slipping into the 25% bracket, they will have a nice mix of pre and post tax money.  In the end, it's not a long term binary choice. Each year, you can decide which flavor or mix of flavors to use. You can convert from traditional to Roth each year to ""top off"" the 15% bracket, so you retirement withdrawals never push you into the 25% bracket.  Note - the math above tragically ignores The Phantom Tax Rate Zone caused by the taxation of Social Security benefits. For a young person, I don't know that I'd advise counting on this benefit, but if you believe in fairy dust, unicorns, and the like, you should be aware of how the government currently plans to tax you. This situation leans strongly toward the Roth. Until congress decides to use Roth withdrawals as a trigger to tax or reduce your benefits, in which case, just using a taxable account will be all that's left.  2 years ago, I wrote a blog post The 15% solution which walks the reader through the process of optimizing their savings from a tax standpoint. The choice of investments is another matter, this simply addresses the pre-tax post-tax issue."
It is a bad deal.  It saves the government from processing your refund as a check or an ACH deposit, and lets them keep your money -- money that they overwithheld! -- interest-free for another year. Get it back. :)
One thing to note before buying bond funds. The value of bonds you hold will drop when interest rates go up. Interest rates are at historical lows and pretty much have nowhere to go but up. If you are buying bonds to hold to maturity this is probably not a major concern, but for a bond fund it might impair performance if things suddenly shift in the interest rate market.
Child care - will a parent stay home? Bring Child to daycare? Nanny? This can range from $4k+ to nearly $15K for daycare outside the house. For a nanny (of course, we found a gal with a masters degree in early childhood development) it can run to a full salary, $30K in her case.  The extra mouth to feed, the diapers, clothes, etc.  Education - Will you plan to pay for the child's college? Some people can't or feel they shouldn't. If you will, it can run about $180K in today's dollars for a private 4 year college.  Ours is now 12, so I'm sure my aging brain has forgotten some of the obvious expenses.
"I have an idea.  Keep saving what you are and think ""Early Retirement"".  Work for 20 years, then do whatever you want 40 hours a week.  If your satisfied with your current lifestyle, start thinking of your bigger long term financial goals and when you want to accomplish them by.  Maybe you can accomplish these sooner than you think.  Saving to buy a house/property?  Investment portfolio?  Want to travel all over the world?  Family planning/kids?  I am sure you will figure out how you would want to spend it."
TBH I wouldn’t assume that the CFA is quicker. It takes at least 18 mo if you take them consecutively, and if you fail one it’s at least another year. I did my MBA part time in 2 years, and I hear the average for the CFA is something like 5 years.  If you want to go into something more quantitative/ back office focused I say go for the CFA. MBA will probably provide you with more general career options
In the second example you are giving up future  free cash flows in exchange for a capital gain on the original investment. With that respect  the money you will not gain will be the difference of the future cash flows ( net of related costs) minus the net gain on the panel you have sold. The financial result can be considered as the opposite of a sunk cost, that is a cost you have already incurred ( and cannot be recovered)  vs net future gains you are giving up.  In more sophisticated financial terms we are talking about the  benefit-cost ratio:  ( from Investopedia)
Obviously, her new employer won't know how much was contributed from   the old job, so this won't work this year. Obviously the new employer would. They will not deposit anything, unless you tell them how much you have deposited already. Somehow tell the new employer how much was contributed by her last   employeer, so they can stop deducting at the right time. I'm not sure   if this is even possible. Why isn't it possible? I've been in a similar situation, the employer had a form to fill on this matter as part of the paperwork for the payroll, right between the direct deposit forms and the 401K contributions form. By the way, another thing to take a look at when switching jobs is the Social Security tax. I wrote about it here.
Someone needs to tell the LinkedIn developers that the recommendation for a low-salt diet does not extend to their code. Salting hashes is a pretty basic security measure. I have to wonder what other basic security practices are missing there. Clearly there is at least one other issue, since the hackers were able to access the hashes to begin with.   BTW, changing your password now is a good idea, but I'd also change it again after LinkedIn has confirmed they have both started salting and have corrected whatever security flaw revealed the hashes. Until then there is no reason to believe your new password is any safer or more secret than the old one.
When you look at managed funds the expense ratios are always high. They have the expense of analyzing the market, deciding where to invest, and then tracking the new investments. The lowest expenses are with the passive investments.  What you have noticed is exactly what you expect. Now if you want to invest in active funds that throw off dividends and capital gains, the 401K is the perfect place to do it, because that income will not be immediately taxable. If the money is in a Roth 401K it is even better because that income will never be taxed.
The answer is - the money got bounced back to their account :(
It appears to me that US agribusiness is angry at poor countries for giving poor people food and the US pharmaceutical industry is angry at India for making cheap generic drugs, even though few people can afford their products in poor countries. (Drug prices in the US itself have more than doubled since 2008)  These three trade deals, TTIP, TISA and TPP that the US is pushing in our names basically take positions that few Americans would agree with, which is why they are kept secret.
15 years ago I bought a beach condo in Miami for $400,000 and two extra parking spaces for $3000 each. Today the condo is worth 600,000 but the rent barely covers mortgage repairs and property taxes. Most of The old people in the building have since died and are now replaced with families with at least two cars and spots are in short supply. I turned down offers of 25,000 for each parking space. I have the spaces rented out for $200 per month no maintenance for an 80% annual return on my purchase price and the value went has gone up over $700%. And no realtors commissions if i decide to sell the spaces.
A shorter term MA would be used for short term changes in price whilst a long term MA would be used for longer term movements in price.  A 200 day SMA is widely used to determine the trend of the stock, simply a cross above the 200 day SMA would mean the stock may be entering an uptrend and a cross below that the price may be entering a downtrend. If the price is continuosly going above and below in a short period of time it is usually range trading. Then there are EMAs (Expodential Moving Averages) and WMAs (weighted moving averages) which give more emphasis to the latest price data than the earlier price data in the period chosen compared to a SMA. MAs can be used in many different ways, too many to list all here. The best way to learn about them is to read some TA books and articles about them, then choose a couple of strategies where you can use them in combination with a couple of other indicators that are complimentary with each other.
[It works in Austria, Belarus, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, Moldova, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, and the United Kingdom.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_with_universal_health_care)  Surely you don't think America is too dumb or lazy of a nation to do what these many others have done.. [Even conservative sources seem to think that the move to UH increases economic freedom.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2015/01/27/conservative-think-tank-10-countries-with-universal-health-care-are-economically-freer-than-the-u-s/#2e52bfc5137e)  I guess our versions of morality are vastly different.
I wouldn't say this is a lie.  Person 2 just made themselves the offer of 38k.  If it sells then they were outbid.  If it doesn't sell then they're stuck with the asset as if they had bid themselves.  They're paying themselves, or they're representing a party that is paying themselves.  That balances out to a $0 profit/loss + ownership of the asset.   I think something like this would be unethical:   Person 1: I'll buy your car for 30k  Person 2: Okay  Person 3:That's my car!
When you are putting your money in an index fund, you are not betting your performance against other asset classes but rather against competing investments withing the SAME asset class. The index fund always wins due to two factors: diversity, and lower cost.  The lower cost attribute is essentially where you get your performance edge over the longer run. That is why if you look at the universe of mutual funds (where you get your diversification), very few will have beaten the index, assuming they have survived. -Ralph Winters
Wait are you saying you have the opportunity to buy bonds at this rate and the company is issuing loans at this rate to consumers? Sounds like a win for the bank, a win for it's shareholders, and a win for the bondholder. (Of course, you'll probably be paying a premium for a 25% coupon bond if that's really what's you're talking about.)
Agreed. If you create a small sustainable biz for yourself, you create the freedom to pursue the hobby project ideas as well. You have a strong base which protects you.  A software biz like ours is WAY more tolerant than a job. Like when I got sick for 3 mos and couldn't work at ALL, we didn't grow, but we didn't collapse either. It pretty much coasted. That means we have way more free time than we think we do.
Each country will have different rules. I can only speak about the Netherlands.  There, there are two options as a resident to open an account.  You needed a BSN (Dutch ID number) or a strong reference from an international company sponsoring your residence there at a bank branch that dealt frequently with foreign customers.  It was not possible to open an account as a nonresident although high wealth customers probably get special treatment. Recent US reporting requirements have made European banks very unwilling to deal with US people. I have received a letter from my Dutch bank saying they will continue my current products but not offer me anything new. If I call the bank, the normal staff cannot see anything about my accounts. I need to call a special international department even for mundane questions.
"I'm a senior majoring in accounting and management information systems. Here is a question I answered a while back about financial statements and employee retention. In the answer that I provided at the bottom it was to assess a company's ability to pay by use of ratios. Likewise, similar accounting methods need to be understood and implemented when assessing stocks(which is where I believe Mr. Buffet was going with this). As we can see the severity of the questions decreases, but if you can not answer question 3 then you should study accounting principles.   So how much is enough just to get started? You will never have enough knowledge to start, period. You will have to continuously be learning, so start sooner than later.  However you need neither economics or accounting knowledge if you were to learn technical analysis, many doubt the workings of this technique, but in my experience it is easier to learn and practise. A comment on @Veronica's post.  Understanding economics and accounting are fundamental. Analysis, seeing trends, and copying are instinctual human traits that helped us evolve (we are very good at pattern recognition). Taking an intro economic and accounting course at a local community college is an excellent place to start when breaking the mold of pattern-thinking. You have to be critical in understanding what elements move a company's A/R in the statement of cash flows. Read. Literally, don't stop reading. Latest edition of of Kesio's accounting principles? Read it. Cover to cover. Tax policies on Section 874, 222, 534? Read it.  Take a class, read a book, ask questions! Good Luck, ""Welcome to [the] Science [of Business], you're gonna like it here"" - Phil Plait"
I can only answer in hypotheticals since it doesn't exist, but I could imagine chip readers becoming common place to verify integrity of the ID.  Add a federal mandate on things like TSA checkpoints, hotel reservations, etc. and you get a lot of data real quick.  There's plenty of ways for it to be abused.  My question is, what would a national ID card solve?
"The margin rules are also more complicated.  A simple buy on a non-margin account will never run into margin rules and you can just wait out any dips if you have confidence the stock will recover.  A ""simple"" short sell might get you a call from your broker that you have a margin call, and you can't wait it out without putting more money in.  Personally I have trouble keeping the short sale margin rules straight in my head, at least compared to a long sale. I got in way over my head shorting AMZN once, and lost a lot of money because I thought it was overvalued at the time, but it just kept going up and I wanted it to go down.   I've never gotten stuck like that on a long position."
I'm finishing up a PhD in econ this year. I did a similar route to you. M.A. in finance / econ - split with business school and economics department then moved into a PhD. If I had to do it over again, I would go straight into the PhD program. I'd say skip the MA, especially since you have an interest in academia. The MA was more or less a waste of time and you get the MA as you're doing your PhD work anyway.
Oh wow, someone who is BULLISH stocks and the tech sector specifically? Wow, no groupthink at all here folks, none.   I'll catch you on the flip side of this epic bubble we're in, which you obviously don't see.
Myself and my partner do things a little differently to most. We split accommodation and utilities payments by net income proportion to ensure that we both have the same amount of spending money. For example;  The really important bit is net income. We take off a whole bunch of payments, e.g; Our contributions go into a joint account and the rest is our money to spend. The upshot is that we both get to enjoy the same minimum quality of life because we both get the same amount to spend at the bar.
"That has not been disproved. What the quote means is ""when [workers as a collective] earn more, [businesses as a collective] get more customers"". It's impossible to disprove this, because it's like a kind of economic tautology. It's like, if I give you five one dollar bills, how many five dollars will you have.   What you mean to argue is that that's spacious, because the real world is more complicated."
"So, if I understand the investment program here: You have $100 of tax withheld from your salary at the end of Jan, Feb, Mar... until December.  This withholding is in excess of the expected tax for the year. You use the appropriate H&R Block product to file your taxes, and H&R Block gets your refund of $1200 on March 1st.  H&R Block adds 10& and give you e-cards for $1320 On the face of it, this represents a return of 15.19% per year, compounded monthly. However, there are a few wrinkles that might make the scheme less inviting: You'll get a receipt for miscellaneous income from H&R Block, and pay tax on the ""earnings"". The quoted return is only realized if you can use the e-cards immediately.  If they sit around for a while, then they aren't earning any interest.  If you sell them for cash at a discount (if you even can!)  then this reduces the return.  If you don't cash them at all, they're a total loss. This offer was announced on Jan 15, 2015.  So you can't go back and put it in place for 2014.  And if you set it up for withholding in 2015, is there any guarantee that it the same offer will be in place when filing in 2016?"
"In the U.S. at least, a lot of these CoinStar machines are now owned and operated by the store or other venue in which they're placed, as a convenience to customers, and the fee for using it is waived.  These machines, even without a fee attached, are still beneficial to the store, for two reasons. First, they bring in potential customers; the machine usually spits out a ticket that you take to the cashier, meaning you pass by all the impulse items they put in the checkout lines, and someone using the change catcher will invariably pick up a pack of gum or a magazine to spend your newfound wealth. The fact that one store has a change machine while another doesn't can also be the difference between choosing that store over the other for a planned shopping trip. Second, and less obvious, a store that owns a CoinStar machine has full access to the change people put in it (hey, they own the machine and are paying out cash on the receipts it spits out). During normal use of a cash drawer or register to take in money, large bills ($20/20€ or larger) are accumulated to be ""broken"", small to medium bills (1-10 units) stay roughly static in number as payments are made and larger bills are broken, and coins are invariably depleted as change is paid out. This means the average retail store needs a constant incoming supply of coinage, and that generally happens either through armored car service or similar commercial banking (which costs the store money), or through ""change catchers"" like gumball machines (which usually can't supply all the needed denominations). The Coinstar machine effectively reverses at least a portion of this attrition of coins and accumulation of large bills; the store can now receive coins and pay out large bills as a part of its day to day business, reducing or even eliminating the need to have a bank or armored car perform this service. Anyway, check and see whether the CoinStar machine you last used is still operating on a percentage-fee basis; it might be the case that the store has purchased the machine outright and is offering its services free of charge. If not, look around; other stores may be waiving the CoinStar fee where this one isn't (or they may have similar, non-CoinStar branded machines). Lastly, as other answers have mentioned, if you cash out in the form of a gift card, there's no fee, so you can pick a gift card to a store you're likely to visit anyway; in the U.S. there are a lot of good choices, like home improvement stores, Starbucks, major department stores/clothing retailers, and even an airline."
You raised the issue, war is undertaken with gov't spending. What am I supposed to do, not give the correct answer?  Edit: I agree that it's a nihilistic view, and I do dislike nihilism, but as my dick of a dad used to say, even a broken clock is right twice a day
There are online tax prep sites, H&R Block among them. You'll be able to enter your projected details, and do a 'what-if' type scenario by adding things that impact the return. You don't mention any Schedule A deductions. No mortgage? Planning to have money taken off the top to a 401(k)?
First thing to consider is that getting your hands on an IPO is very difficult unless you have some serious clout. This might help a bit in that department (http://www.sec.gov/answers/ipoelig.htm) However, assuming you accept all that risk and requirements, YES - you can buy stocks of any kind in the US even if you are a foreigner. There are no laws prohibiting investment/buying in the US stock market. What you need is to get an online trading account from a registered brokerage house in the US. Once you are registered, you can buy whatever that is offered.
&gt; Bullshit. Entrepreneurs start businesses where it's easiest for start businesses, and if all of their networking contacts are here, the infrastructure they need to start their company is here, and the target market is here, they aren't going anywhere.  Part of being an easier place to start a business includes low tax rates, minimal (smart) regulations, state of the art infrastructure, and a highly educated and healthy work force. Notice how Republicans champion the first 2 and ignore the second 2 while the Democrats are vice versa.   I don't know why everyone focuses so much on the marginal rate of the rich, you can tax the rich 99% and you still won't have enough revenues to cover our budget deficit let alone make the investment we need in infrastructure, health, and education. Why don't we talk about how America can be competitive in a globalized market and what will have the highest return on investment. If we are raising taxes on the top 1% just to fund wars in iraq, then fuck that. If we are doing it to help fund our education system, then it only benefits them and everyone else even more because it will grow our economy. It's an investment, not a tax.
"These people are pretty off. Insider trading cases, outside of a tender offer context, require some sort of a breach of duty. It's not simply ""non-public material information"". You have to trade securities in interstate, based on or while in possession of the material non-public information, and in doing so is a breach of duty owed to the company or to the information source.  Now simply saying ""personal info"" about an executive does not tell me much about its materiality. So assuming it passes the materiality test, and assuming you yourself aren't a corporate insider, then the only thing left to discuss is whether or not it is misappropriation. To be misappropriation you need to be breaching some duty owed to your information source. Now this isn't just principal-agent duty, this can extend to friends and family if there is a pattern of keeping confidences. So unless you're this guys brother or doctor there really isn't a strong claim against you."
You can find the national average interest rates on commercial bank accounts from the FDIC or nicely aggregated [here from the St. Louis Fed.](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/search?st=National+Rate+on+Non-Jumbo+Deposits+%28less+than+%24100%2C000%29%3A+Savings)  [Here is the national average interest rate on savings accounts.](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/SAVNRNJ)  If you are looking for a general historical proxy for a savings account interest rate, then the effective federal funds rate or overnight LIBOR is a good estimate prior to the 2008 financial crisis.
You are right that Facebook really doesn't get impacted as they got their $38. However it would make it slightly more difficult for Facebook to raise more money in future as large investors would be more cautious. This can keep the price lowers than it actually needs to be. Quite a few companies try to list the IPO at lower price so that it keeps going up and have more positive effect overall there by making it easier for future borrowings. See related question Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market?
"So, let's get this straight.  You didn't bother to read any of those infant-digestible sources so you didn't see that East Asians and Indians test higher than most white ethnicities, and that sub-components of IQ variants vary across ethnicities too.  You're also arguing that a single sigma below the mean IQ makes someone ""functionally retarded,"" which yet again showcases your never-ending depths of willful ignorance in this and other psychology/biology/neurology-related subjects.  You may be functionally retarded and illiterate to boot, but you don't need to project those insecurities onto whole groups of ethnicities. We noticed those traits of yours well before your word salad deflections arrived at this dramatic climax."
I hear this a lot but how does it work exactly? Is it the more money you have in your share (savings) account the more weight your vote carries? Or does each member get one vote?  I've been a credit union member for 15 years and have never had any say in anything. I also work for a small bank and both institutions are basically the same. My bank has better rates than my credit union on lended money but my CU pays higher rates on my money. My bank is also a publicly traded company and has regular meetings in which any shareholders can come voice their opinion, I've never heard anything about such activity with my credit union.
A used luxury car coming out of lease is usually very affordable. They are usually in good condition, still look relatively new, and are within the same price range as a newer Toyota or Honda.
"As a person who has had several part time assistants in the past I will offer you a simple piece of advise that should apply regardless of what country the assistant is located. If you have an assistant, personal or business, virtual or otherwise, and you don't trust that person with this type of information, get a different assistant.  An assistant is someone who is supposed to make your life easier by off loading work. Modifying your records before sending them every month sounds like you are creating more work for yourself not less. Either take the leap of faith to trust your assistant or go somewhere else.  An assistant that you feel you have to edit crucial information from is less than useful. That being said, there is no fundamental reason to believe that an operation in the Philippines or anywhere else is any more or less trustworthy than an operation in your native country. However, what is at issue is the legal framework around your relationship and in particular your recourse if something goes wrong.  If you and your virtual assistant are both located in the US you would have an easier time collecting damages should something go wrong.  I suggest you evaluate your level of comfort for risk vs. cost.  If you feel that the risk is too high to use an overseas service versus the savings, then find someone in the states to do this work.  Depending on your needs and comfort you might want to seek out a CPA or other licensed/bonded professional.  Yes the cost might be higher however you might find that it is worth it for your own piece of mind. As a side note you might even consider finding a local part-time assistant. This can often be more useful than a virtual assistant and may not cost as much as you think. If you can live without someone being bonded.  (or are willing to pay for the bonding fee) yourself,  depending on your market and needs you may be able to find an existing highly qualified EA or other person that wants some after hours work.   If you are in a college town, finance, accounting or legal majors make great assistants.  They will usually work a couple hours a week for ""beer money"", they have flexible schedules and are glad to have something pertinent to their degree to put on their resume when they graduate.  Just be prepared to replace them every few years as they move on to real jobs."
A constant answer which I see brought up in a variety of forums is the complaint that schools don't teach money management (budgeting) and how to do taxes.  Another good bit of information would be to take apart a credit card statement, show how the interest is calculated, etc.  I'd start with those topics, which might take a bit of research on your part (many adults don't understand many of these concepts either), and then build from there.   I remember the first time I was able to go from a list of transactions on a credit card statement, and calculate the interest owed from the average daily balance, and it was like a light coming on.  Most people use these concepts on a regular basis, but have no conception of what's going on beneath the surface.
You think this mag would lie about the German?   How is any carmag going to survive if it doesn't do e?  Have you established for your /r/business readers here a real and substantial connection with this magazine to the carbon business, upstream and/or down or are you hurling baseless accusations here because you like to see yourself in print and  ....it suddenly occurred to you......
Digg was more than a reskin. They essentially turned the site into subscribable islands with no real default and unique homepages for all users. This killed both content supply (who wanted to produce and share content with just a few random folks) and communal shared experience.
Inverters ultimately helps in achieving lower or higher voltage levels in the system. Isolators are popular components used in traditional electronic devices such as laptops and cellular phones and in various medical applications.You can easily purchase Inverters And Isolators at affordable cost from an online store or electronic store.
Marketwatch said that fedex cut capacity and raised prices. Interesting to consider whether this gives UPS a chance to steal some of their business. Perhaps people prefer better service as you say.  &gt; Fuel costs year to date at FedEx have increased sharply from a year ago and threatened to erode profit margins; Jet fuel alone was up about 42% in the recent quarter.  &gt; But by tempering capacity, particularly within the company’s trucking fleet, the company has been able to charge more for its service, Barnes said.  &gt; Though there may have been some loss of business because of the higher prices, expanding global trade has so far kept demand robust and most customers have accepted the new costs.   http://www.marketwatch.com/Story/story/print?guid=708C76C4-9CC6-11E0-8019-002128049AD6
Investopedia has a section in their article about currency trading that states: The FX market does not have commissions. Unlike exchange-based markets, FX is a principals-only market. FX firms are dealers, not brokers. This is a critical distinction that all investors must understand. Unlike brokers, dealers assume market risk by serving as a counterparty to the investor's trade. They do not charge commission; instead, they make their money through the bid-ask spread. Principals-only means that the only parties to a transaction are agents who actively bear risk by taking one side of the transaction.  There are forex brokers who charge what's called a commission, based on the spread. Investopedia has another article about the commission structure in the forex market that states: There are three forms of commission used by brokers in forex. Some firms offer a fixed spread, others offer a variable spread and still others charge a commission based on a percentage of the spread.  So yes, there are forex brokers who charge a commission, but this paragraph is saying mostly the same thing as the first paragraph. The brokers make their money through the bid-ask spread; how they do so varies, and sometimes they call this charge a commission, sometimes they don't. All of the information above differs from the stock markets, however, in which  The broker takes the order to an exchange and attempts to execute it as per the customer's instructions. For providing this service, the broker is paid a commission when the customer buys and sells the tradable instrument. The broker isn't taking a side in the trade, so he's not making money on the spread. He's performing the service of taking the order to an exchange an attempting to execute it, and for that, he charges a commission.
Yeah. I'm in my junior year as a political science major but it's not holding my interest and to be honest, I hate it. I've always loved watching stocks and businesses and kept a close eye on financial news. I was just too blind to see that I could get an actual job doing that kind of stuff.    I don't care how long it take to get there, as long as I get there. So maybe finance and stats? I was told that there isn't a real specific degree needed to be a prop trader, but some degrees help more than others.
Do you have other things you might want to spend that cash on in the near future? (Like a down-payment on a house?) Beyond having emergency cash, the only reason to keep a pile of cash around is because you might need it for another purchase. Unless you are going to have other expenses that will require higher-interest loans to cover them, there's no need to sit on a big pile of cash. As long as you are getting the full match on your 401(k), that's the free money that might be worth more than the interest you are paying on the loans. In any case, I suggest you aim for at least 10% into your 401(k) account moving forward in your life so that you can properly fund retirement. 15% would be even better. It doesn't sound like you would be losing anything by paying the student loans, and you could then use the money freed from your loan payments to pay down your car faster.
Luckily for them the quality of their originals is generally much higher the other contemporary content they buy, minus the odd blockbuster. Sometimes so much so it seems purposeful.   I think their business model of betting on content is at the least more interesting than most of the other media platforms out there - at least they're adding legitimate value to the entire creative ecosystem while they attempt to achieve critical mass.   I'm still shocked by some of their reported series budgets (Bloodline comes to mind). Generally though I think they're pushing TV in the right direction creatively and otherwise.
Anti-trust would be where Walmart and Amazon are in collusion, since they run similar businesses. Walmart is not in the trucking business, so it is not colluding to make the trucking industry into an effective monopoly.      EDIT: Restrictive contracts that dictate what business another party can perform are commonplace. There are non-competes between employers and employees. Sponsors might dictate what products a personality can endorse or not. A lender might dictate to a brick and mortar store what products it must carry ...      EDIT2: Along related lines Amazon has a clause on ebook pricing which says, regardless of the price an author sets on their own ebook, Amazon can sell that ebook for less if the ebook is cheaper at any other vendor.
104 million subscribers on a global scale makes sense. South America and Europe have movie license that make their selection far more entertaining than the mostly independent catalog of USA Netflix. Not to mention that 104 million people on a Global Scale isn't all that much, barely coming in at 1.4% of the global population.
"Investing in gold without having physical gold is not really a hedge against inflation. GLD is really more for speculation, not protection against serious inflation. If there is any kind of inflation worth really protecting yourself against then one thing you will notice at its onset is a divergence in the price of physical and GLD; with GLD offering very little protection if any against inflation. Ultimately holders of GLD will demand physical metal and the physical price will rise and the paper price will fall. I would advise you to study physical gold before you purchase GLD for that reason. EDIT: Just adding this to my answer - I don't know why I didn't put it in before, and I hasten to add that I'm not an expert though a little investigation will show you that this is at least one option for owning gold. If you think of having the physical gold yourself at one end of the spectrum and buying GLD at the other; so that you don't need to take physical delivery, there is another scenario which I understand is in between (and sorry I don't actually know what it's referred to as) but it's where you buy the physical gold but instead of taking delivery the bars are stored for you in a vault - these bars are numbered and you actually own what you have paid for and theoretically you could go and visit your gold and actually remove it because it's your gold - as opposed to having paper GLD which in my understanding is a ""right to take physical delivery"" of gold - and this is slightly different - of course unlike GLD you actually have to pay a storage fee and of course unlike having the physical gold buried in your garden or something you are not entirely secure against say a robbery of the vault, and you are also depending on the company not to sell the same bar to more than one person - but that's the only think that their reputation is built on, and a company like that would live or die by the reputation - ( and of course you might lose the proverbial gold buried in the garden either, so nothing's 100% secure anyway really )"
Explained in T4002.  http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pub/tg/t4002/t4002-e.html If you buy a computer, cellular telephone, fax machine, or other such   equipment, you cannot deduct the cost. You can deduct CCA and interest   you paid on money you borrowed to buy this equipment that reasonably   relates to earning your business income. For more information on CCA,   see Chapter 4. It sounds like a class 8 for CCA if you follow the links. Class 8 with a CCA rate of 20% includes certain property that is not   included in another class. Examples are furniture, appliances, and a   tool costing $500 or more, some fixtures, machinery, outdoor   advertising signs, refrigeration equipment, and other equipment you   use in business. Photocopiers and electronic communications equipment, such as fax   machines and electronic telephone equipment are also included in Class   8.
You can't transfer mortgages when you purchase a new property. You can purchase a new property now, or you can refinance your current property now and leverage yourself as far as possible while rates are low. The higher rates you are worried about may not be as bad as you think. With higher interest rates, that may put downward pressure on housing prices, or when rates do rise, it may simply move from historic lows to relative lows. I had a mortgage at 4.25% that I never bothered refinancing even though rates went much lower because the savings in interest paid (minus my tax deduction for mortgage interest) didn't amount to more than the cost of refinancing. If rates go back up to 5%, that will still be very affordable.
The clusterfuck you mention was a real estate bubble built with the full backing of bankers. The problem is that real estate bubbles are very profitable to selected few, so there is a huge incentive in building them.   I do wish some economist would be able to come up with new way of doing business in which we would not always build these bubbles that inevitably will burst.   I do feel bad for all the bagholders in spain who were no longer able to sell the real estate they bought for higher amount of money as all the others before them.    It is ridicilous that after all the bubbles in history we still do business like this.
My favorite part:  Any bank with a leverage ratio greater than 10% can elect to be exempt from:  &gt;(1) Any Federal law, rule, or regulation addressing capital or liquidity requirements or standards.  &gt;(2) Any Federal law, rule, or regulation that permits an appropriate Federal banking agency to object to a capital distribution.  &gt;(3) Any consideration by an appropriate Federal banking agency of the following:  &gt;(A) Any risk the qualifying banking organization may pose to “the stability of the financial system of the United States”, under section 5(c)(2) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.  &gt;(B) The “extent to which a proposed acquisition, merger, or consolidation would result in greater or more concentrated risks to the stability of the United States banking or financial system”, under section 3(c)(7) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, so long as the banking organization, after such proposed acquisition, merger, or consolidation, would maintain a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent.  &gt;(C) Whether the performance of an activity by the banking organization could possibly pose a “risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system”, under section 4(j)(2)(A) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.  &gt;(D) Whether the acquisition of control of shares of a company engaged in an activity described in section 4(j)(1)(A) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 could possibly pose a “risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system”, under section 4(j)(2)(A) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, so long as the banking organization, after acquiring control of such company, would maintain a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent.  &gt;(E) Whether a merger would pose a “risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system”, under section 18(c)(5) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, so long as the banking organization, after such proposed merger, would maintain a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent.  &gt;(F) Any risk the qualifying banking organization may pose to “the stability of the financial system of the United States”, under section 10(b)(4) of the Home Owners' Loan Act.  &gt;(4) Subsections (i)(8) and (k)(6)(B)(ii) of section 4 and section 14 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.  &gt;(5) Section 18(c)(13) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  &gt;(6) Section 163 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010.  &gt;(7) Section 10(e)(2)(E) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act.  &gt;(8) Any Federal law, rule, or regulation implementing standards of the type provided for in subsections (b), (c), (d), (e), (g), (h), (i), and (j) of section 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010.  &gt;(9) Any Federal law, rule, or regulation providing limitations on mergers, consolidations, or acquisitions of assets or control, to the extent such limitations relate to capital or liquidity standards or concentrations of deposits or assets, so long as the banking organization, after such proposed merger, consolidation, or acquisition, would maintain a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent.  yeah, what could go wrong?
fire and water damage repair  ---Triton Renovation has been the authority on Conroe water damage for over a decade. With their team of experts, they have the ability to handle any renovation or repair you would need whether it be commercial or residential.
I think it is even less than that. I want to say it's around $1.2B, but there is a law in South Dakota that allows the judge to quadruple the final bill if the defendant is found guilty.   Source: I live about 10 miles from BPI and work in food manufacturing, so this is all that anyone is talking about around here.  Anti-source: Had a few beers, so something something grain of salt.
We work for each other.  When people come here and join our economy, they create as many jobs as they consume.  It's not like there's this fixed number of jobs in an empty country and we all walk in and fill them and then there's no more.  That's not how economies work.   They spend money just like we do.   The difference is, we didn't have to cover the cost of raising them.  It's free productivity in it's prime.  A gift to any economy, and we spit in it's face.
Edmunds.com has a really cool guide that calculates some of these intangibles for a wide swath of cars under their True Cost to Own Ratings section. I highly recommend it.
The three rating agencies S&amp;P,Moodys &amp; Fitch were the Architects of the 2007-2008 Financial crisis.  [Start here ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Credit_rating_agencies_and_the_subprime_crisis )   The Fed is now planning to unwind its [balance sheet](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-26/fed-says-balance-sheet-unwind-to-start-relatively-soon-j5lbf6ik) in October  The Feds balance sheet contains the same crap these assholes rated AAA  And so now as times come to try and sell that shit, they the rating agencies reappear to create misdirection while this hoax on the Global financial system is perpetrated.
This is why financial industry rules reform and stricter oversight is so necessary.   Information is money and information should be universally accessible or off limits for use. People knowing things others can't makes them money and costs money for the people not in the know. This is the antithesis of free markets.
I'll consent to this. I get it. But the shop itself is making about 80-100k a month in sales. I realize the wind could shift but as long as I recoup the initial 92k I wouldn't be out any monies. It would take almost a year since each harvest period is 66 days but I get what you mean
[http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/04_48/b3910041_mz011.htm](http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/04_48/b3910041_mz011.htm)  K-Mart and Sears merged under the direction of Eddie Lampert.  Supposedly it was partially a giant middle finger to the board of directors at Sears who had not allowed Eddie Lampert to make changes he wanted to make to Sears.  He used his investment firm's assets to buy up a sizable chunk of K-Mart while Chairman of Sears, then had K-Mart and Sears merge, giving him a more controlling stake of the corporation.  It seems he has not been able to deliver on the promise of revolutionizing the two stores to compete better in the modern economy though, as the two parts continue to struggle (as made obvious by these closures).
He won't find one because he's full of shit.  “ALL or 100 PERCENT BEEF (Patty Mix)”:  Beef patty mix may be labeled —all,“ —pure,“ or —100 percent beef,“ when the only added  ingredients are partially defatted chopped beef or finely textured beef. An ingredients  statement would be required on bulk packed product but not retail packages. —All,“  —Pure,“ or —100 percent,“ may not be used if partially defatted beef fatty tissue (PDBFT),  is used or mechanically separated species (MSS), are used.  http://www.fsis.usda.gov/OPPDE/larc/Policies/Labeling_Policy_Book_082005.pdf
In finance, short selling (also known as shorting or going short) is the practice of selling assets, usually securities, that have been borrowed from a third party (usually a broker) with the intention of buying identical assets back at a later date to return to the lender. Remember your broker has to borrow it from somewhere, other clients or if they hold those specific stocks themselves. So if it isn't possible for them to lend you those stocks, they wouldn't. High P/E stocks would find more sellers than buyers, and if the broker has to deliver them, it would be a nightmare for him to deliver all those stocks, which he had lent you(others) back to whom he had borrowed from, as well as to people who had gone long(buy) when you went short(sell). And if every body is selling there is going to be a dearth of stocks to be borrowed from as everybody around is selling instead of buying.
would you say it's advisable to keep some of cash savings in a foreign currency? This is primarily opinion based.  Given that we live in a world rife with geopolitical risks such as Brexit and potential EU breakup There is no way to predict what will happen in such large events. For example if one keeps funds outside on UK in say Germany in Euro's. The UK may bring in a regulation and clamp down all funds held outside of UK as belonging to Government or tax these at 90% or anything absurd that negates the purpose of keeping funds outside. There are example of developing / under developed economics putting absurd capital controls. Whether UK will do or not is a speculation. If you are going to spend your live in a country, it is best to invest in country. As normal diversification, you can look at keep a small amount invested outside of country.
The label presents itself as a tough and confident brand of casual clothing. It is a young and innovative brand that now no longer has to imagine the Dutch fashion image away. The modern man feels at home at the label and he can feel confident in an outfit from Jack &amp; Jones.
Alright so you have $12,000 and you want to know what to do with it. The main thing here is, you're new to investments. I suggest you don't do anything quick and start learning about the different kinds of investment options that can be available to you with returns you might appreciate.  The most important questions to ask yourself is what are your life goals? What kind of financial freedom do you want, and how important is this $12,000 dollars to you in achieving your life goals.  My best advice to you and to anyone else who is looking for a place to put their money in big or small amounts when they have earned this money not from an investment but hard work is to find a talented and professional financial advisor. You need to be educated on the options you have, and keep them in lines of what risks you are willing to take and how important that principal investment is to you. Investing your money is not easy at all, and novices tend to lose their money a lot. The same way you would ask a lawyer for law advice, its best to consult a financial planner for advice, or so they can invest that money for you.
Because your friend isn't going to like the ~2% charge they have to pay to the credit card company on the $10,000 purchase. Credit card companies make money off of transactions. The cardholder normally doesn't pay any transaction fees (and in fact can make a profit via rewards), but the merchant has to pay a certain amount of money to the credit card company for the transaction. In this case, the apartment owners ate the charge, likely because it was easier for them to send a check than to refund the cost of the fee through the credit card company. If you started doing this a lot to take advantage of this, I would imagine they would get smart and refuse your business (it'll be pretty obvious what you're doing if you're not signing any leases).
I would use neither method.  Taking a short example first, with just three compounding periods, with interest rate 10%.  The start value y0 is 1. So after three years the value is 1.331, the same as y0 (1 + 0.1)^3. Depreciating (like inflation) by 10% (to demonstrate) gets us back to y0 = 1 Appreciating and depreciating by 10% cancels out: Appreciating by 10% interest and depreciating by 3% inflation: This is the same as y0 (1 + 0.1)^3 (1 + 0.03)^-3 = 1.21805 So for 50 years the result is y0 (1 + 0.1)^50 (1 + 0.03)^-50 = 26.7777 Note You can of course use subtraction but the not using the inflation figure directly.  E.g. (edit: This appears to be the Fisher equation.) 2nd Note Further to comments, here is a chart to illustrate how much the relative performance improves when inflation is accounted for.  The first fund's return is 6% and the second fund's return varies from 3% to 6%.  Inflation is 3%.
"Once upon a time (not all that long ago), British cheques used to say something like ""Pay to the order of ..,,,, or bearer the sum of ...,..""  (emphasis added) and could be cashed by anyone unless the cheque-writer drew two parallel lines in the upper left corner of the cheque. These lines converted the instrument into a crossed cheque which could only be deposited into a bank account of the payee; a bearer of the cheque could not walk into the bank and waltz out with the cash equivalent. Perhaps British banks no longer use this styling (Indian banks still do) but if that cheque for 60k is not a crossed cheque, it better be sent securely with lots of insurance. An uncrossed cheque is the same as cash since it can be cashed by anyone. That being said, I am with @mhoran_psprep in thinking that all this is just a scam with the OP (mug) being asked to send 3600 bucks to ""girlfriend""  (scammer) to cover the cost of sending the check with full insurance, and when the check arrives and is deposited by OP into his bank, it will turn out to be a dud, and ""girlfriend"" will be long gone.  The description of how the girlfriend signed a contract for 90k and received 60k of this amount upfront, but in the form of a check payable to boyfriend (!) OP reeks of scam; is this scenario realistic?  In the past, I  have received offers (usually from Nigeria) from ""women"" wanting to be my girlfriend, and I am sure that such offers will continue to come in the future...."
Bill gates is founder of microsoft along with his friend allen.in microsoft as its vast empire increasing the wealth and enormous property of bill gates is increasing
Other than the guaranteed 5% bonus (assuming you sell it right away), no benefits. Keep in mind that the price from which the discount is calculated is not necessarily the market price at the date of the ESPP purchase, so the actual discount may be more than 5% (depending on the volatility of the stock - much more).
He just sees $X revenue, $X profit and assumes the guy is greedy.  Meanwhile he'll never start a company, sacrafice his free time to toil, be disciplined enough to forego luxuries to invest capital into the company or with sheer determination working nights and weekends to build something--- most people won't, but they'll criticize those who have, based on little more than a headline written by somebody else.
With the following variables the periodic (annual) repayment is given by The recurrence equation for the balance b at the end of month x is derived from b[x + 1] = b[x] (1 + r) - d where b[0] = s giving The interest portion of the final payment is b[n - 1] r and the total principal repaid at the end of period n - 1 is s - b[n - 1] Solving simultaneously n = 8.9998 and s = 7240 The principal repaid at the end of the first period is s - b[1] or d - r s = 479.74
Thanks! They guys who worked on the Machine Learning and such REALLY know their business. We've had a couple successful pilots and the farmers using the system have been pretty stoked with it.   From what I understand, it's a lot of buzzwords meant to get you intrigued. I mean, they're all true, but it could've been more concise haha. I will pass along compliments :D
Have you ever made pizza?  Like American style, tons of toppings pizza?  I worked at a pizza restaurant for years and I can still never get it right at home.  The premade dough at Trader Joes is OK, but to do it right I have to make my own so I have to start it first thing in the morning.  Major pain in the ass.  That huge flat cooking surface that you can heat up to 500 degrees makes all the difference in how the crust comes out and my wife won't let me tear out the breakfast nook to install a pizza oven.  Plus if you want anything like a combination pizza that is just a ton of prep work with a lot of potential waste.   A well made steak?  A great pasta sauce?  Fried chicken?  Those I can make at home without a ton of work and at a fraction of the price.  But pizza I'll go out for every time.
"Two factors that positively your credit score are the number of open accounts you have in good standing, and the average age of the accounts. The more accounts you have in good standing, the more likely you seem to pay back what you borrow from new creditors. The older the average age of the accounts, the more you seem like an experienced borrower who has had many years of successful credit activity. Closing them would lower the total number of accounts in good standing you have, and would also likely lower the average account age (unless you've recently opened them). To ""simplify the number of cards you have"", pick the one or two you would consider cancelling (worst rewards/benefits, highest yearly fee, etc.) and just don't keep them in your wallet anymore. You don't have to worry about paying them off every month (because you don't buy anything with them) and you still get the credit score benefits of having the accounts open."
Since GLD is priced as 1/10 oz of gold, I'd call it the preferred way to buy if that's your desire. I believe gold is entering classic bubble territory. Caveat emptor.  A comment brought me back to this question. My answer still applies, the ETF the best way to buy gold at the lowest transaction cost. The day I posted and expressed my 'bubble' concern, gold was $1746. Today, nearly 5 years later, it's $1350, a drop of 23%, plus an additional 2% of accumulated expenses. Note, GLD has a .4% annual expense. On the other hand, the S&P is up 80% from that time. In other words, $10K invested that day would be worth less than $7,700 had it been invested in gold, and $18,000 in stock. It would take a market crash, gold soaring or some combination of the two for gold to have been the right choice then. No one can predict short term movement of either the market or metals, my answer here wasn't prescient, just lucky.
Hydro Extractor is designed for continuous operation, heavy-duty use and to remove water from load of clothing and other textiles, usually shortly after they come from washing machine. Hydro extractor usually works on the principle of centrifugal force creating high gravitational force enhancing water extraction from wet cloths.
"First of all, never ask a realtor for advice. The realtor represents the SELLER. Blankip's advice above is by far the most accurate of the previous answers. The first step is to estimate the market. Look at past sales in the neighborhood over time, and from them estimate the prospects for the house at different time durations. Based on other sales, how fast do you think the house will sell at a given price? 60 days, 90 days, a year? If a house is high priced, that means the seller is prepared to wait. He is saying ""I am happy to wait a year to find somebody who will pay this."" Next, who is the owner? Young professional? Retiring couple? Landlord? Flipper? Who is it? The more you know about the owner, the better. Everybody has a time table, you need to find out what that is. Next, what is YOUR timetable? You need the house by the end of the month, or by the end of the year, or never, which is it? Objectively rate the house. Plusses and minuses. Good houses are those which everybody else hates and you love. You will get the best price there. (Assuming you need to find a house in 90 days) Based on these considerations determine the lowest price you think the owner will accept in a 30-day time frame. Make a written offer with an address and email, no phone number. If he comes back with a counter offer, ignore it. If for some reason a realtor has your number and calls you, tell them ""My written offer speaks for itself. I have nothing further to say."" It is very important not to entertain haggling or counter offers. Don't even pick up the phone. He has your WRITTEN offer. He can email or write you: I accept.  If the 30-days elapse, move onto your #2 choice and make a more aggressive offer. If that doesn't work, go to choice #3 and accept the listed price. This strategy may seem counter-intuitive because the natural tendency for people is to want to communicate. Trust me: the way to succeed in a negotiation is to NOT communicate. Make your offer and that is that. That is the pro way to do it, and will produce the best result for a short-term situtation. Long term situation If you are an investor (""flipper""), or have a lot of time to wait/spend, you can use a different strategy which involves pressuring the seller. What you do here is find a property you want in which the owner is vulnerable. That means someone who is old, bankrupt, out of work, indicted and on their way to prison or already in prison, etc. Bank owned properties fall into this category. In this case you figure out the 6-month price or however long you are willing to work on it. Then you pester the person. Become their buddy. Visit them in prison. Take the bank officer to lunch. Show up on holidays. Invite them to Thanksgiving. Start a relationship. Every two weeks you pester them. Want to sell yet? Want to sell yet? You basically harass them until they capitulate. Maybe it takes 6 months. Maybe it takes 2 years. Eventually they will give in. By this means you can get a much better deal than in strategy 1 above, but it takes a lot more time and effort and is appropriate more for an investor."
I live in Japan now, and it is well known that almost all young people move to Tokyo/Osaka at some point in their lives - and the major cities are soaking up the populations of smaller towns around them - so even with a declining birth rate, larger regional towns are growing (and new housing and development happening) as the rural villages are basically abandoned en masse.   I wonder how the perception of “moving to California for work” - which was very common when I was young 30 years ago, compares to the “moving to Tokyo” feeling in Japan. Tokyo has always kept growing and adding housing/apartments (similar to suburban sprawl as it overgrows Saitama), vs the very tight housing market for San Francisco - but people plan to leave Tokyo at some point.
Actually his mom died recently so I'd take it easy on the guy.  Not saying he's not a major ass, but the universe is hitting him pretty hard right now.  No class in kicking a man when he's down.
I wouldn't call them another Snapchat. They aren't dependent on advertising and they are actually in a pretty decent position. What is concerning is that moving forward they think they advertising will make up for their losses and be enough to set them apart.  Other than that... They have been cashing in the shift away from cable and the 'purchase only the networks you watch' mentality. They have the brand people like and trust, they have the hardware, and they are pretty boring at the end of the day. I think they'll be one of the few who survive if there were to be a major tech crash coming up.
Yes, you should be saving for retirement. There are a million ideas out there on how much is a reasonable amount, but I think most advisor would say at least 6 to 10% of your income, which in your case is around $15,000 per year. You give amounts in dollars. Are you in the U.S.? If so, there are at least two very good reasons to put money into a 401k or IRA rather than ordinary savings or investments: (a) Often your employer will make matching contributions. 50% up to 6% of your salary is pretty common, i.e. if you put in 6% they put in 3%. If either of your employers has such a plan, that's an instant 50% profit on your investment. (b) Any profits on money invested in an IRA or 401k are tax free. (Effectively, the mechanics differ depending on the type of account.) So if you put $100,000 into an IRA today and left it there until you retire 30 years later, it would likely earn something like  $600,000 over that time (assuming 7% per year growth). So you'd pay takes on your initial $100,000 but none on the $600,000. With your income you are likely in a high tax bracket, that would make a huge difference. If you're saying that you just can't find a way to put money away for retirement, may I suggest that you cut back on your spending. I understand that the average American family makes about $45,000 per year and somehow manages to live on that. If you were to put 10% of your income toward retirement, then you would be living on the remaining $171,000, which is still almost 4 times what the average family has. Yeah, I make more than $45,000 a year too and there are times when I think, How could anyone possibly live on that? But then I think about what I spend my money on. Did I really need to buy two new computer printers the last couple of months? I certainly could do my own cleaning rather than hiring a cleaning lady to come in twice a month. Etc. A tough decision to make can be paying off debt versus putting money into an investment account. If the likely return on investment is less than the interest rate on the loan, you should certainly concentrate on paying off the loan. But if the reverse is true, then you need to decide between likely returns and risk.
"Anyone who needs to DEMAND respect... hasn't *earned* it, and probably won't get it.  What he'll get instead is lip-service &amp; ass-kissing... stuff that *appears* to be ""respect"" but really isn't.  But, at the same time, you can't really ""be friends"" with employees... they're *not* their to be your ""friends"" (nor are they ""like-family"") -- that doesn't mean you cannot be ""friendly"" (i.e. civil &amp; courteous, even -- to a degree -- empathetic &amp; understanding) -- but there is a difference between being ""friendly"" and trying to make people into your ""friends"" (i.e. drinking buddies, etc).  So how do you EARN respect?  Start by being respectful -- give credit where it is due (and make sure you KNOW where it is actually *due* -- don't just give credit to the ass-kissers &amp; self-promoters).  Likewise, you can ""ASS-U-ME Authoritay"" --- or you can ""take on a role of RESPONSIBILITY &amp; ACCOUNTABILITY"" -- there is a world of difference between those two as well.  Of course -- within a ""family"" business -- you're going to have difficulties doing all of those things *unless* the current management has already established a ""culture"" that facilitates it.  Given your father's mixed statements (and the general tendency of ""family"" owned businesses -- and the fact that you are being promoted to a managerial role *primarily* because you ARE a member of the family) -- well, that seems somewhat unlikely."
"I'm sure that I can find enough people who would disagree with you on what you'd consider a decent movie to invalidate that argument.  edit: [2012](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_(film\)). "" It received generally mixed to negative reviews from critics and its wordwide theatrical revenue reached approximately $769 million."" There was no shortage of bad movies, nor was their any shortage of bad movies that made millions. Indeed, one of the true signs of the coming apocalypse isn’t contained in the Mayan calendar but in the fact that ""2012"" made a ziggurat of money."""
I drive to many destinations every day. My average week is 10-15 destinations 5 of which will be new. I have two other nav apps (waze, navigon) Apple maps is fucking terrible! 5 times it has taken me to the complete wrong destination, many blocks from the correct one. You can search for something obvious that is near you and will insist on giving you something on another continent. That is not an exaggeration. You can search for the same thing in detail (name city state) and it will find no results. Waze or google find it only by name. All this happens to me in Silicon Valley where I work and live. No lie I have been taken to the wrong block in Cupertino. They shouldn't just fire him, someone ought to kick his ass. End rant
"Also posting here to get answers  1) In pre-university education, what do I list along with my A levels? Are AS levels and GCSEs necessary?  2) Should i upload a degree transcript? (they say its optional hence why i'm asking)  3) Does the answer to ""How did you hear about JPM/GS/CS/BAML?"" affect your application? (moronic i know, but i thought better to know than to be clueless)  4) Do your answers to the equal opportunities form affect your application? (just want to know since its almost accepted now that if youre not a white male, your application will get scrutinised in some way depending on the reader, and i'm not white)  5) Following on from the previous question, my first name is Mohammad so should I consider changing my name on my CV and application forms? Again because of the bad press that Muslims get, and since Mohammad is such an obvious Muslim name. I also speak an Asian language so should i list that on my form/CV? I know this sounds like I want to hide my identity, but believe me it's the last thing I want to do. It's just something I feel like I might have to do. Nor do I want any sympathy for doing this. It's something a friend of mine suggested and I want to get people's opinions."
there is no tax for receiving money from outside of india paypal just take their charges only
For a long term gain you must hold the stock a year and a day, so, the long term hold period will fall into 2015 regardless. This is the only tax related issue that occurs to me, did you have something else in mind?  Welcome to Money.SE.
"I'm guessing what happens:  1) Business owner notices they have a bad review on Yelp.  If they're dishonest they astroturf and get busted... but what if they're honest?  2) They start asking customers to review them.  Maybe put up a little sign ""review us on Yelp!"".  3) This produces honest reviews... however, none of those users are regular Yelpers.  They're single-purpose accounts made just to review this business.  So how does that look to Yelp?  Like astroturf.  Like they're faking it.  So they get filtered.  4) You get a business whose only online user reviews are the *one* bad review, with a million filtered good ones."
"This is one-sided and a terrible guest for freakonomics. 'Marriage rates re low because men aren't marriage material anymore"" That's laughable.. Marriage rates are low because men don't want to marry loose girls, marriage itself is a lose-lose financial contract for men, men don't want to marry an obese and unattractive woman.. I could go on and on."
&gt;He changed it at the Hayden Planetarium before the vote.  They built the planetarium with one less planet instead of adding 4 more.  &gt;It's not. It is more massive, not larger.  It's similar in both size and orbit.  And so is Quaoar, and so is Sedna, and so is Eris, and on and on.  There have, since 2000, been more than a dozen dwarf planets discovered that are all almost the exact same size as Pluto with the same lack of gravitational pull to make them classified as planets.  &gt;The definition of planet is arbitrary and it would be easy to make a definition to include or exclude. The decision to lead the charge for declassify is a publicity move that worked very well for him.  And again, you would be here saying the same fucking thing if the IAU had gone the other way and now we were teaching kids about the 22 planets of the solar system.  And then 23.  And 24.  And on and on as we find more and more.  I'm sorry you disagree with the classification, but it has zero to do with publicity of Neil Degrasse Tyson and everything to do with astrophysicists needing a way to classify these celestial bodies that they are constantly discovering.  Sounds like you got a personal beef with /u/neiltyson more than a problem with the IAU classification though, for some unknown reason.
Funds can't limit themselves to a small number of stocks without also limiting themselves to a small amount of total investment. I think 25 companies is too small to be practical from their point of view.
"Deuteronomy 14:28 - ""at the end of every third year you shall bring out all the tithe of your produce that year and shall deposit it in your town.""  Deuteronomy 15:8 - ""but you shall freely open your hand to him, and shall generously lend him sufficient for his need in whatever he lacks.""  Proverbs 19:17 - ""One who is gracious to a poor man lends to the LORD, and he will repay him for his good deed.""  Matthew 5:42 - ""Give to him who asks of you, and do not turn away from him who wants to borrow from you.""  Luke 18:22 - ""When Jesus heard this, He said to him, ""One thing you still lack; sell all that you possess and distribute it to the poor, and you shall have treasure in heaven; and come, follow me.""  1 Corinthians 16:1-3 -  ""Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I directed the churches of Galatia, so do you also. On the first day of every week each one of you ja to put aside and save as he may prosper so that no collections be made when I come. When I arrive, whom Weber you may approve, I will send them with letters to carry your gift to Jerusalem.""  Boy the Bible seems to be pretty clear that charity is compulsory. And that money must be sent aside for the poor if you are to receive Gods light."
It starts with the optics.   Isn't this the sort of *ends justify the means* attitude that led Uber to where it is today?  Recruiting a woman to replace Kalanick with the primary goal of creating the appearance that it cares about its reportedly horrid corporate culture is exactly the type of thinking Uber could do without.
&gt;Approximately 4.6 American adults will turn 65 every minute of 2012, and by 2015 that number will increase, to 8, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. That means there is still time to get the corporate house in order before the departures commence en masse.  so I'll be out of college a year after this happens? schweeeet
Making a game is hard enough, focus on that. If/when you start getting close to having something to sell, then if you're serious and want the company to grow into a full time venture, briefly consult with a lawyer and possibly accountant to set this up. It will save you a lot of time researching what you have to do and a lot of headache from potentially doing things wrong. If you want to try to do it on your own, I'd recommend getting a book on starting a business because there is more to know than a single post can cover.  You'll probably have to file for a DBA (doing business as) at your city hall in order to be allowed to refer to yourself as the name of your company (otherwise you have to use your personal name). Initiating that will likely initiate annual business taxes in your town in addition to the cheap filing fee. You also want to consider how you will handle trademark (of your business and game) and copyright (of your game). If this is going to grow, you'll have to have contracts written for either employees or for freelancers who might produce assets for you. You may also need to consider writing an EULA for your game, privacy policies, etc. Additionally, you'll likely have to file with your state to collect and send sales tax. You'll also want to meticulously track costs and revenue related to your business. Formally starting a business will likely open you up to property, sales and income tax. For example, where I am, was even taxed on the equipment the business uses (e.g. computers). This is why it makes sense to wait until you're closer to having a product before you try to formally start a business and to consult with professionals on the best way.  The type of business you should form will depend on the scope you plan for the company and the amount of time/money you're willing to put in. A sole proprietorship (what you are by default) means there is no difference legally/financially between you as an individual and you as a company. This may be suitable if this is just a hobby, but not if you intend it to grow because that means any lawsuit directed at your company and its money is also directed at you and your money. The differences between an LLC and corporation are more nuanced and involve differences in legal and tax treatment, however, they both shield you from the previously mentioned problem. If you want this to be more than a hobby you should form either an LLC or a corporation. Do some research on the differences and how they might apply to you and in your state.
For some reason I have a doubt that you have ever payed taxes in california.  Money has been injected into these areas. The fact that they need to be cut should be proof of that. You can't cut money that was never given.
If you had originally borrowed $100k at 4.75% for 15 years, the last 5 years would include a total of $3,300-$3,500 in interest payment. That is the total universe of savings available to you if you were able to get a 0.0% mortgage. Unless the mortgage is huge, I think that in most scenarios the upfront closing costs, taxes and other fees would immediately exceed any savings. If you have the money, pay it down. Otherwise, keep on truckin' -- you have 60 short months to go.
"What do you think the problem is? I notice you edited your post after I read it.   &gt;The ""value"" of HUMAN labor is determined by supply and demand, right? I hire people right now because they are the cheapest supercomputers with arms available for me right now.  No, you hire people because they have skills to do tasks with their labor. We will *always* think of new ways to be useful, new things to do, that people will want done, will value being done, and will purchase labor to get done.   When we stopped using horses &amp; buggies, all the people in those industries didn't just throw up their hands and walk away from work. *They figured out new ways to create value with their labor*, and the world went on."
Just reading your comment more it is so far off topic. Investor rationality is so far off topic. The outside  investor made a decision to invest already. The owner is being forced make investment decisions. Noting in the article is talking about taking those choices away.  There should be a separate sub for people like who want to make off topic challenges of capitalism. It's disruptive. I can't make a comment with debating every assumption endlessly.
Yes. I would recommend. I wasn't a big fan of the conspiracy theory angle. I ignored that but I leave that up to you.  But everything else in the book is very good. Good explanations on money and what bailouts really do etc.
"As mentioned in other answers, you find out by reading the Rulebook for that commodity and exchange.  I'll quote a couple of random passages to show how they vary: For CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) Random Length Lumber Futures, the delivery is ornate: Seller shall give his Notice of Intent to Deliver to the Clearing   House prior to 12:00 noon (on any Business Day after termination of   trading in the contract month. 20103.D. Seller's Duties If the buyer's designated destination is east of the western boundaries of North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska,   Kansas, Texas and Oklahoma, and the western boundary of Manitoba,   Canada, the seller shall follow the buyer's shipping instructions   within seven (7) Business Days after receipt of such instructions. In   addition, the seller shall prepay the actual freight charges and bill   the buyer, through the Clearing House, the lowest published freight   rate for 73-foot railcars from Prince George, British Columbia to the   buyer's destination. If the lowest published freight rate from Prince   George, British Columbia to buyer's destination is a rate per one   hundred pounds, the seller shall bill the buyer on the weight basis of   1,650 pounds per thousand board feet. The term ""lowest published   freight rate"" refers only to the lowest published ""general through   rate"" and not to rates published in any other rate class. If, however, the buyer’s destination is outside of the aforementioned   area, the seller shall follow the same procedures except that the   seller shall have the right to change the point of origin and/or   originating carrier within 2 Business Days after receipt of buyer’s   original shipping instructions. If a change of origin and/or   originating carrier is made, the seller shall then follow the buyer's   revised instructions within seven (7) Business Days after receipt of   such instructions. If the freight rate to the buyer's destination is not published, the   freight charge shall be negotiated between the buyer and seller in   accordance with industry practice. Any additional freight charges resulting from diversion by the buyer   in excess of the actual charges for shipment to the destination   specified in the shipping instructions submitted to the Clearing House   are the responsibility of the buyer. Any reduction in freight charges   that may result from a diversion is not subject to billing adjustment   through the Clearing House. Any applicable surcharges noted by the   rail carrier shall be considered as part of the freight rate and can   be billed to the buyer through the CME Clearing House. If within two (2) Business Days of the receipt of the Notice of Intent   the buyer has not designated a destination, or if during that time the   buyer and seller fail to agree on a negotiated freight charge, the   seller shall treat the destination as Chicago, Illinois. If the buyer   does not designate a carrier or routing, the seller shall select same   according to normal trade practices. To complete delivery, the seller   must deposit with the Clearing House a Delivery Notice, a uniform   straight bill of lading (or a copy thereof) and written information   specifying grade, a tally of pieces of each length, board feet by   sizes and total board feet. The foregoing documents must be received   by the Clearing House postmarked within fourteen (14) Business Days of   the date of receipt of shipping instructions. In addition, within one (1) Business Day after acceptance by the   railroad, the Clearing House must receive information (via a telephone   call, facsimile or electronic transmission) from the seller giving the   car number, piece count by length, unit size, total board footage and   date of acceptance. The ￼date of acceptance by the railroad is the   date of the bill of lading, signed and/or stamped by the originating   carrier, except when determined otherwise by the Clearing House. For some commodities you can't get physical delivery (for instance, Cheese futures won't deliver piles of cheese to your door, for reasons that may be obvious) 6003.A. Final Settlement There shall be no delivery of cheese in settlement of this contract.   All contracts open as of the termination of trading shall be cash   settled based upon the USDA monthly weighted average price in the U.S.   for cheese. The reported USDA monthly weighted average price for   cheese uses both 40 pound cheddar block and 500 pound barrel prices. CME gold futures will deliver to a licensed depository, so you would have to arrange for delivery from the depository (they'll issue you a warrant), assuming you really want a 100 troy oz. bar of gold: CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS The contract for delivery on futures contracts shall be one hundred   (100) troy ounces of gold with a weight tolerance of 5% either higher   or lower. Gold delivered under this contract shall assay to a minimum   of 995 fineness and must be a brand approved by the Exchange. Gold meeting all of the following specifications shall be deliverable   in satisfaction of futures contract delivery obligations under this   rule: Either one (1) 100 troy ounce bar, or three (3) one (1) kilo bars. Gold must consist of one or more of the Exchange’s Brand marks, as provided in Chapter 7, current at the date of the delivery of   contract. Each bar of Eligible gold must have the weight, fineness, bar number, and brand mark clearly incised on the bar. The weight may be   in troy ounces or grams. If the weight is in grams, it must be   converted to troy ounces for documentation purposes by dividing the   weight in grams by 31.1035 and rounding to the nearest one hundredth   of a troy ounce. All documentation must illustrate the weight in troy   ounces. Each Warrant issued by a Depository shall reference the serial number and name of the Producer of each bar. Each assay certificate issued by an Assayer shall certify that each bar of gold in the lot assays no less than 995 fineness and weight of   each bar and the name of the Producer that produced each bar. Gold must be delivered to a Depository by a Carrier as follows: a. directly from a Producer; b. directly from an Assayer, provided that such gold is accompanied by   an assay certificate of such Assayer; or c. directly from another Depository; provided, that such gold was   placed in such other Depository pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b)   above."
As the State Lottery chances get ever higher, lottoplayingtowin keeps on winning them with his superb, grant-winning e-book and playing procedures. After precisely anticipating the winning numbers for more than 90 different first prize for winning lottery system. While some trust that your odds of winning the lottery add up to simply immaculate blind luckiness, there are other people who staunchly maintain the conviction that embracing certain methodologies will enable you to put the chances more to support you.
HFT doesn't increase correlations nor do hedge funds, If you look at the euro crisis, correlations have skyrocketed, then in late december jan and feb during the rally the correlations started subsiding and specific risk started taking over, crisis mode increases correlations.
Right to all of that but don't they still need US Treasuries to keep their currency competitive? Even if they don't need USD to buy and sell their goods, the skyrocketing value in their currency would grind their exports to a halt, no? And even then, losing such a massive part of their trade would be catastrophic.
It's nice that she's willing and able to give free lessons. I caution that her students (or their parents) won't really value the lessons unless they are paying for them. Charge enough to make the lessons worthwhile to the student/family, even if you are giving a friendly discount to market rates. $50 per 45-minute lesson is market (at least where I live). $40 would be a good deal. $25-30 is quite a deal. Books are extra, of course. (2017 rates)
Just playing devil's advocate: A falling stock price impairs the firm's ability to raise equity capital efficiently. In these times, additional regulatory capital requirements continue to be levied on the banks, and they are faced with raising capital inefficiently, which may impair their ability to pay their debt, which may lead to a ratings downgrade.
It will take a bit of sacrifice.  First, I'd review spending. Between you and all your family, try to separate the 'needs' from the 'wants' and cut out 75% of the 'wants.' Second, there's almost always part time work that can help raise extra money. Even if it's a small fraction of your current hourly pay, every bit you and your family can throw at that 30% debt will help get rid of it and help you get to the point when you can refinance the mortgage.
Ooh let me ramble a bit, for this is very true in my case. The very second I feel even slightly patronized, I shut down and create a negative judgment of the company. Especially when the marketing methods they use are as transparent as a dad with a vagina.   Unrealistically attractive persons using product,  ridiculous dialogue with YouTube comedian level humor, ANY product placement/celebrity endorsements, etc.  It feels insulting and gives companies and advertisers a sort of malicious persona and therefor unworthy of my shmeckles.  On the other hand some advertisements seem more subtle and respectful, being more informative rather than persuasive or cunning, and that's what I want to see more of.  Hopefully it's not just me but I could be too cynical. It's hard not to be these days.
Wendy's has the best-tasting food between them, BK and McDonald's. I'm not sure what their problem is.  It could be that, in my area at least, there's 20 McDonalds and 10 BK's for every one Wendy's.
Dividend reinvestment plans are a great option for some of your savings. By making small, regular investments, combined with reinvested dividends, you can accumulate a significant nest egg. Pick a medium to large cap company that looks to be around for the foreseeable future, such as JNJ, 3M, GE, or even Exxon. These companies typically raise their dividends every year or so, and this can be a significant portion of your long term gains. Plus, these programs are usually offered with miniscule fees. Also, have a go at the interest rate formulas contained in your favorite spreadsheet application. Calculate the FutureValue of a series of payments at various interest rates, to see what you can expect. While you cannot depend on earning a specific rate with a stock investment, a basic familiarity with the formula can help you determine a rate of return you should aim for.
Talking to the one Amazon employee I know, the sheer volume of shipments produces some interesting bugs. I mean, they really are pushing the envelope on logistics - inevitably you're going to end up with some spectacularly bad experiences no matter how hard you try just because the task is so complex.  IE, we'd need to know the ratio of bad to good experiences to fairly judge, but the existence of bad experience isn't something that really needs to be proven IMO.
Are you going to need any of the money in the next year or two, or are you saving it long term? Are you going to need any of it before you are 65?  If no to both, put in a Roth IRA with a Vanguard Target retirement fund.  If no to the first and yes to the second, put in the VTI index fund. If you want, you can keep 20-30% in a bond fund instead of 100% stock.  Every 3-12 months, log in and redistribute your funds to maintain the desired split if you'd like, but this is somewhat optional.  If you really, really want, set aside 5% for investing in a few companies you really believe in. You'll probably lose money on that investment, but it will reassure you that the rest of your money is wisely invested.
I gotta disagree. The kinds of people who care about this sort of thing (very very few) are also the kind of people who aren't willing to pay Facebook any money--and they're the most likely to not be on the site in the first place.  I mean, sure, SOME people would pay--but how many? Even if it's a million people the revenue would be a rounding error for Facebook, especially as the company grows. Plus, I'm sure they want to offer advertisers 100% of their user base--it's a good pitch.
I was hoping it wasn't real time and I was going to be able to look 20 min. into the future using real time quotes for a 100% success rate.  Oh well.  Don't you know you can't make money day trading? :-)  Everyone on Reddit seems to think as much.  What % are you up for the day?
Godrej Interio offers modular steel kitchens that are tailor made for the Indian style of cooking. With a variety of materials and accessories to choose from these designs offer style and convenience, thus making your cooking experience hassle-free and fun The body is made of galvanized steel which implies protection against exposure to oil and water. Its durable in moist kitchen environments. The kitchens have galvanized steel framework with epoxy polyester powder coating. There is no breeding of pests. These Kitchens are Termite-proof. High precision due to steel and factory finish. Ease of maintenance. These kitchens are functional and sturdy. These kitchens come with a 15 year warranty. Godrej Interio kitchens are Ergonomic and safe. These kitchens are made of innovative hardware for effortless and noiseless operation. Unique and interesting layouts are possible. Sensor integrated lights for better visibility. Option for seamless integration of appliances.
Really not sure with this one and I don't want to cheat and look up an answer.  I'd say you could find the high/low points of the stock over the last year or two and see how large the spread is between those values and the average price of the stock over the same time period.
You create a bullet point list of all the things in the game you want to see in the movie, offer the gig to the first script that checks all the boxes, regardless of how poorly thought out it is, because kids will watch anything familiar and drag their parents along for the ride.
In many cases, you are required to file your taxes by law even if you won't owe. If it's anything like in the US, it's quite possible your employer is not taking the right amount and you may owe more or may even be in line for a return. http://www.usatax.ca/Pages/filing_requirement_taxes_canada.html
I use to play marbles at school. Marbles were like gold the more you had the richer you were. They were a scarce commodity only a few in circulation. Once I secured a wealth of marbles I realized they were of little real value. They were only of illusory value. As long as we all were deceived into believe they had value they I was rich. Sure marble could be used to make marble floors ;) they were lovely to look at, and every one wanted them. Then one day, I discovered the emperor had no clothes. Wow, the day that everyone sees the true value of gold, what a stock market crash that will be. I tried to avoid gold as much as possible, but this is hard to do in todays stock market. My solace is that we will all be in the same golden (Titanic) boat, only I hope to limit my exposure as much as possible. Anyone want a gold watch for a slice of bread?
Investing in the early 70s would have been fine, trying to pile on the boat after the fact (late 70s, early 80s), those people would lose.    The fluctuations then had largely to do with the collapse of the USSR.  Parallels could certainly be drawn to modern times, but the main thing is that if you invested early, you could ride out the worst of storms without having to worry about a company or a currency becoming worthless overnight.
It doesn't matter.  You will just renew your mortgage at the prevailing rates.  That's part of the mortgage contract.   The problem that happens is if you want to move your mortgage to another bank for a better rate, they may not accept you.  Your re-negotiating position is limited. Most mortgages have a portability option where you can even transfer the mortgage to another property, but you'd have to buy a cheaper house.
"Before you can truly learn, you must unlearn first. I recommend the book ""Fooled by Randomness"" by Nassim Taleb."
"What does your link supposed to mean?  It's a video from 2013. And Maxine is ""allegedly"" nuts.  Anyway as the top link mentioned, it's a campaign spin-off organization.  Each Obama campaign has spin-off organizations. Not really surprising, nor malicious or problematic. Even failed-to-win presidential nominees have these lobby groups, such as Al Gore."
While salary is usually a large expense, it's often not the one with the most waste.  Cutting salary almost always ends poorly if you need any sort of specialized skills.   The city should be looking at it's budget, but at services that aren't necessary or are far too expensive to operate in a crisis.  Closing a community center or canceling some public events not only saves a huge amount off cash in the form of overtime for police and support services, it also makes the problem public, and tend to make people open to paying more fees of taxes, solving the problem for realsies.
I quit paying for cable in 1997. I couldn't even tell you what was on TV. I barely know what is in the theaters and that is only because I live in LA and signs are everywhere. I haven't listened to new music since metallica sued a 12 year old. So outside of techno (which you can find for free everywhere) my mainstream music is as cutting edge as Static X, Slipnot, and System of a down debut albums.
Check your mortgage paper work. Most mortgages have clauses requiring you to maintain the property, keep it in good repair, and to prevent spoilage. The property is the mortgagee's security for the loan, so it's reasonable that they have a voice in keeping the property in good shape. You can tell them to pound sand, and then they can call the loan due in full.
"&gt; If I come to your house with a gun and hand cuffs and say, ""you made this much money this year, therefore you owe me this much because I need healthcare/food/ect.""  Okay, so your argument is that taxes are illegitimate because they pay for services for others. Obviously I disagree, because in your example your money is *only* paying for services for other people. However, the reality is that we the minute we are born we benefit from living in a civilized society with services and infrastructure that was created by those who have paid taxes in the past.   Your example is faulty because it assumes you receive no benefit from the taxes that the government demands of you.   &gt; Yes, government made it happen, that doesn't mean that it would have never happened with out it.  Possible, but we will never know. I think we agree that GPS does provide a valuable service, and it was created by government. This being one of thousands of examples of government innovation that has improved everyones lives, and provided the foundation for more innovation on the commercial market.   It is possible that it would come to be in some form without government investment through taxes, but we know it *did* become reality through government through taxes.   &gt; I would say that the US military has gone way overboard with the amount of technological spend.   I would agree, to an extent. I would like to see investment in other areas, but that is what our elected leaders currently find of value.   &gt; From what I've seen, the 2017 request is $12.5 billion for total tech spend for the military.  I am not sure where that number is coming from. I know at one point JEIDDO by itself spent over $1T in R&amp;D on the IED problem. I know that DTRA funds a couple billion dollars worth of R&amp;D by itself too. Then you have groups like DOE, which do a lot of R&amp;D on defense projects as well. I think that number might be off.   Drone technology was another example that you used. How much do you think the Amazon delivery drone service was influenced by DOD R&amp;D into drones? I have a buddy that I served with who worked at DTRA after he got out who now works at Amazon...   &gt; Bernie Sanders bit  Sorry, I think it may have got cut. I was going to ask what part of his tax plan would have added to your personal taxes?"
That Chevy Bolt will never improve from what it is when you drive it off the lot. It's never going to get self-driving capabilities or any software improvements to improve the efficiency of the car. Tesla cars improve over time. They get additional features in the years that follow. A Chevy is what it is and that's all it'll ever be.
First of all I recommend reading this short e-book that is aimed at young investors. The book is written for American investors but they same rules apply with different terms (e.g. the equivalent tax-free savings wrappers are called ISAs in the UK). If you don't anticipate needing the money any time soon then your best bet is likely a stocks and share ISA in an aggressive portfolio of assets. You are probably better off with an even more aggressive asset allocation than the one in the book, e.g. 0-15% bond funds 85-100% equity funds. In the long term, this will generate the most income. For an up-to-date table of brokers I recommend Monevator. If you are planning to use the money as a deposit on a mortgage then your best bet might be a Help to Buy ISA, you'll have to shop around for the best deals. If you would rather have something more liquid that you can draw into to cover expenses while at school, you can either go for a more conservative ISA (100% bond funds or even a cash ISA) or try to find a savings account with a comparable interest rate.
At the bottom of the page you linked to, NASDAQ provides a link to this page on nasdaqtrader.com, which states Each FINRA member firm is required to report its “total” short interest positions in all customer and proprietary accounts in NASDAQ-listed securities twice a month. These reports are used to calculate short interest in NASDAQ stocks. FINRA member firms are required to report their short positions as of settlement on (1) the 15th of each month, or the preceding business day if the 15th is not a business day, and (2) as of settlement on the last business day of the month.* The reports must be filed by the second business day after the reporting settlement date. FINRA compiles the short interest data and provides it for publication on the 8th business day after the reporting settlement date. The dates you are seeing are the dates the member firms settled their trades. In general (also from nasdaq.com), the settlement date is The date on which payment is made to settle a trade. For stocks traded on US exchanges, settlement is currently three business days after the trade.
gimme a break. There is always shit storm. Other country experience recession and deep recession (under US economic attack even) but none drop that kind of money.  I still want to know what China is doing to even up Obama's attempt to crash their market and currency.
&gt; there is a very strong relationship between the amounts written on the checks and the worth of that product or service to the person with the pen  ...and the *ability to pay* of the person with the pen. Someone who generates a lot of value for lower- and middle-class customers could easily make less money than someone who generates a little bit of value for upper-class customers.
"The average height in the NBA isn't even 6'8"" and that's with the centers inflating the numbers. Your average point guard is 6'2"".   NBA players work their asses off to get where they are, hours and hour in the gym and hours and hours on the court. Am I saying they work harder than anyone else? No. But it sure as hell isn't easy to get there."
The best way to end the gaming of patents is to simplify the system. Just go back to the old rule of patents being good for one year after issuance. There are other issues like what should or shouldn't be patented, but just having the rule of patents being good for one year makes other issues relative minor ones when it comes to the monopolistic effect of patents. The more complex we make the system just increases the permutations for abuse.
"More costs are going to be put on the consumer. But that is something that would happen all the time. Originally those systems were not built with the expectation that average life expectancy would jump from almost a factor of a third (60 to 80 years, if you wonder why the age of retirement is 65 and not more or less, check out Bismark and Kaiser Wilhelm on that subject). Additionally, the current age population pyramid of the west (and asian soon to come) is put an increasing pressure on the cost of healthcare.  Now, to me the biggest issue with the US is the belief that market driven economies will always lower prices. The problem is that the insurance companies in this country form an oligopoly with the goal to make profits. Now, here is the important question: is healthcare a ""need"" or a ""want""? If it is a ""want"" then someone can live without it but if you have an accident or anything of that type, then is it still a ""want"" or a ""need"". You can live without TV all your life and nothing bad may happen to you. No healthcare and then you can get screwed for your life.  Because people will feel compelled to save themselves and be brought to the hospital, those who can afford it or need it will pay for it. Thus you have an automatic pressure on prices as it is used by a smaller pool of people than if everyone in the country was paying for it independent of income. And because the people buying health insurance feel they need to have insurance, their price elasticity of demand will become inelastic (the price may change a lot but the amount of demand won't change much). So, if i'm a private insurance company, I will charge as much as I can because I know that people will be willing to pay more for  the same healthcare cost.   The European system will simply be a cheaper option than the US because it concentrates a larger pool of payers and is not aimed at profits. Additionally, if there were quality issues in the healthcare provided this would have been seen long ago if you compare the amount of money spent in the US and Europe on healthcare. In Europe the cost of healthcare is theoretically only the government spending. In the US it is both gvt and private spending.    Tell me what you think"
"To Many question and they are all treated differently. I was wondering how the logistics of interest and dividend payments are handled on assets , such as mortgages, bonds, stocks,   What if the owner is some high-frequency algorithm that buys and sells bonds and stocks in fractions of a second? When the company decides to pay dividends, does it literally track   down every single owner of that stock and deposit x cents per share in   that person's bank account? (This sounds absolutely absurd and seems   like it would be a logistical nightmare). In Stocks, the dividends are issued periodically. The dividend date is declared well in advance. As on end of the day on Dividend date, the list of individuals [or entities] who own the stock is available with the Stock-Exchange / Registrar of the companies. To this list the dividends are credited in next few days / weeks via banking channel. Most of this is automated. What if the owner is some high-frequency algorithm that buys and sells bonds and stocks in fractions of a second? On bonds, things work slightly differently. An Bond is initially issued for say 95 [discount of 5%] and payment of 100 after say 5 years. So when the person sells it after an year, he would logically look to get a price of 96. Of course there are other factors that could fetch him a price of 94.50 or 95.50. So every change in ownership factors in the logical rate of interest. The person who submits in on maturity gets 100.  For the homeowner, I'm assuming he / she still makes mortgage payments to the initial bank they got the mortgage from, even if the bank no longer ""owns"" the mortgage. In this case, does the trader on the secondary market who owns the mortgage also come back to that bank to collect his interest payment? This depends on how the original financial institution sells the mortgage to new institutions. Generally the homeowner would keep paying initial financial institution and they would then take a margin and pay the secondary investor. If this was collateral-ized as Mortgage backed security, it is a very different story."
There are several possible effects: There isn't much you could do about it. If you had enough money to try to hedge by buying foreign securities, in theory you could be happy no matter what your dollar did: if it goes up, you have pain or gain from local effects (depending on whether imports or exports have a bigger effect on your life) and that is offset by your investment having gain or pain. Ditto if it goes down. In reality the amount you might have to invest to get to this point is probably not a realistic amount for an ordinary person to invest outside their country. I own a Canadian company that bills a number of US clients and I buy very little from the US (I'm big on local food, for example, and very frugal on the consumer-goods front.) When the Canadian dollar falls, I effectively get a raise, so I'm happy while all around me are wringing their hands.
If it's *already* beneficial to lease out/buy more advanced airplanes, is it really necessary to introduce this carbon tax? Fuel costs are rising every year, so it seems to me that companies would go greener regardless of governmental stimulation.
From Vanguard's Best practices for portfolio rebalancing:
"I'm assuming this is in comparison to the Standard Oil era. The main difference I see is that these are more merit based monopolies than the earlier times. I don't know if you can you can anything about it. Technology has made the game more like a scenario of ""winner-takes-all""."
I'm having a hard time getting worked up over this case.  The underlying issue is a serious one, but this case is the wrong canary.    &gt; The affidavit was false: simply, nakedly false. The employee had made no such claim.  &gt; The prosecutors alerted a major newspaper about the search, so there are photographs of agents carrying boxes from your office.  That's not government error.  That's malfeasance.  This pisses me off.   &gt; The agent’s statement was false.  The federal agent lied and destroyed a company in the process. The lawsuit was against the prosecutors who acted on good faith.  Why didn't he try to sue the agent who lied?  The prosecutors have qualified immunity, which they need, in order to do their jobs.  Otherwise, they'd be spending all day in court defending themselves rather than prosecuting cases.    &gt; The appeals court said evidence that Ganek knowingly traded on inside information would give authorities probable cause to conduct a search, but it wasn’t needed in order to get a warrant.  &gt; The affidavit alleges that some of Ganek’s employees had traded on inside information and that “there was at least a fair probability to think that his office was among the LG premises where evidence of an insider trading scheme would be found,” the appeals court said, referring to Level Global.  That's why the appeals court threw out the case.  They said the lying officer only accelerated the warrant which would have been issued anyway.
You own the stock at $29.42 At $40, the stocks is called at $26. You can't add the call premium, as it's already accounted for. The trade is biased towards being bearish on the stock. (I edited and added the graph the evening I answered)  Not the pretiest graph, but you get the idea. With that $29.42 cost, you are in the money till about $30, then go negative until the most you lose is $3.42.
In and of itself it wasn't. But could the ill will it left with the general investing public make people more wary of future IPOs and thus, lower their potential starting points?  Thereby leading to a drought of IPOs as companies don't see themselves getting as much.
When someone charges, it means that person fix the price you pay. Australia is part of the Indonesian continent. It is an island in the South Pacific ocean. In the price of an item, you include the shipping cost. It is more expensive by plane because the cost of the kerozen is higher than the cost of diesel for ships. Accident can happen, so you have to include in price the cost of the insurance.
My only opinion is that keeping Zuckerberg away from Washington is probably the best outcome.  A guy known to exploit and sell the privacy of his users probably shouldn't be having any voice on how the government should act in any fashion.  We already have enough surveillance and don't need that jagoff finding new ways to spy on us.
The purpose of the transfer determines the taxability. If this is happening to frequent, it is advisable to keep proper records of the transaction so that if there is an enquiry from Tax authorities you can explain. Unless you explain the why the transfer is being made, I have put out some broad categories.
I work in asset pricing/market microstructure research so I do come across a decent amount of topics at work that utilize my applied math degree. For the topics I'm working on right now on it's usually time series or econometrics stuff like vector autoregression, principal components, regressions, etc. Some of my coworkers are working on papers that use stochastic calculus and other aspects of continuous time finance.
Not necessarily though, since you can simply adjust the premium. I'm thinking an embedded option is just an option with longer maturity, and the increased price of that adjusted option can be reflected (like any other option) in the strike price or the premium. Am I missing something?
Agreed. This is such an open ended question with no real answer. I assume you're asking for recruitment into the finance industry, which honestly recruit from a wide variety of schools depending on the division within the firm and which firm location the firm is hiring for. Its more about the program in the school, than the school itself (business/finance/comp sci/electrical engineering/physics/math programs). Also bank alumni also play a large role in recruitment, and are sometimes whom you might speak with during an interviews and at career days. Most of the recent bank grads I know are from Rutgers, MIT, UPenn, Penn State, Princeton, Carnegie Mellon, Villanova, NYU, Stevens, etc...the trend here is North East schools close to NYC (where I work).
"This is such a common question here and elsewhere that I will attempt   to write the world's most canonical answer to this question. Hopefully   in the future when someone on answers.onstartups asks how to split up   the ownership of their new company, you can simply point to this   answer. The most important principle: Fairness, and the perception of   fairness, is much more valuable than owning a large stake. Almost   everything that can go wrong in a startup will go wrong, and one of   the biggest things that can go wrong is huge, angry, shouting matches   between the founders as to who worked harder, who owns more, whose   idea was it anyway, etc. That is why I would always rather split a new   company 50-50 with a friend than insist on owning 60% because ""it was   my idea,"" or because ""I was more experienced"" or anything else. Why?   Because if I split the company 60-40, the company is going to fail   when we argue ourselves to death. And if you just say, ""to heck with   it, we can NEVER figure out what the correct split is, so let's just   be pals and go 50-50,"" you'll stay friends and the company will   survive. Thus, I present you with Joel's Totally Fair Method to Divide Up The   Ownership of Any Startup. For simplicity sake, I'm going to start by assuming that you are not   going to raise venture capital and you are not going to have outside   investors. Later, I'll explain how to deal with venture capital, but   for now assume no investors. Also for simplicity sake, let's temporarily assume that the founders   all quit their jobs and start working on the new company full time at   the same time. Later, I'll explain how to deal with founders who do   not start at the same time. Here's the principle. As your company grows, you tend to add people in   ""layers"". The top layer is the first founder or founders. There may be 1, 2, 3,   or more of you, but you all start working about the same time, and you   all take the same risk... quitting your jobs to go work for a new and   unproven company. The second layer is the first real employees. By the time you hire   this layer, you've got cash coming in from somewhere (investors or   customers--doesn't matter). These people didn't take as much risk   because they got a salary from day one, and honestly, they didn't   start the company, they joined it as a job. The third layer are later employees. By the time they joined the   company, it was going pretty well. For many companies, each ""layer"" will be approximately one year long.   By the time your company is big enough to sell to Google or go public   or whatever, you probably have about 6 layers: the founders and   roughly five layers of employees. Each successive layer is larger.   There might be two founders, five early employees in layer 2, 25   employees in layer 3, and 200 employees in layer 4. The later layers   took less risk. OK, now here's how you use that information: The founders should end up with about 50% of the company, total. Each of the next five layers should end up with about 10% of the   company, split equally among everyone in the layer. Example: Two founders start the company. They each take 2500 shares. There are   5000 shares outstanding, so each founder owns half. They hire four employees in year one. These four employees each take   250 shares. There are 6000 shares outstanding. They hire another 20 employees in year two. Each one takes 50 shares.   They get fewer shares because they took less risk, and they get 50   shares because we're giving each layer 1000 shares to divide up. By the time the company has six layers, you have given out 10,000   shares. Each founder ends up owning 25%. Each employee layer owns 10%   collectively. The earliest employees who took the most risk own the   most shares. Make sense? You don't have to follow this exact formula but the basic   idea is that you set up ""stripes"" of seniority, where the top stripe   took the most risk and the bottom stripe took the least, and each   ""stripe"" shares an equal number of shares, which magically gives   employees more shares for joining early. A slightly different way to use the stripes is for seniority. Your top   stripe is the founders, below that you reserve a whole stripe for the   fancy CEO that you recruited who insisted on owning 10%, the stripe   below that is for the early employees and also the top managers, etc.   However you organize the stripes, it should be simple and clear and   easy to understand and not prone to arguments. Now that we have a fair system set out, there is one important   principle. You must have vesting. Preferably 4 or 5 years. Nobody   earns their shares until they've stayed with the company for a year. A   good vesting schedule is 25% in the first year, 2% each additional   month. Otherwise your co-founder is going to quit after three weeks   and show up, 7 years later, claiming he owns 25% of the company. It   never makes sense to give anyone equity without vesting. This is an   extremely common mistake and it's terrible when it happens. You have   these companies where 3 cofounders have been working day and night for   five years, and then you discover there's some jerk that quit after   two weeks and he still thinks he owns 25% of the company for his two   weeks of work. Now, let me clear up some little things that often complicate the   picture. What happens if you raise an investment? The investment can come from anywhere... an angel, a VC, or someone's dad. Basically, the   answer is simple: the investment just dilutes everyone. Using the example from above... we're two founders, we gave ourselves   2500 shares each, so we each own 50%, and now we go to a VC and he   offers to give us a million dollars in exchange for 1/3rd of the   company. 1/3rd of the company is 2500 shares. So you make another 2500 shares   and give them to the VC. He owns 1/3rd and you each own 1/3rd. That's   all there is to it. What happens if not all the early employees need to take a salary? A lot of times you have one founder who has a little bit of money   saved up, so she decides to go without a salary for a while, while the   other founder, who needs the money, takes a salary. It is tempting   just to give the founder who went without pay more shares to make up   for it. The trouble is that you can never figure out the right amount   of shares to give. This is just going to cause conflicts. Don't   resolve these problems with shares. Instead, just keep a ledger of how   much you paid each of the founders, and if someone goes without   salary, give them an IOU. Later, when you have money, you'll pay them   back in cash. In a few years when the money comes rolling in, or even   after the first VC investment, you can pay back each founder so that   each founder has taken exactly the same amount of salary from the   company. Shouldn't I get more equity because it was my idea? No. Ideas are pretty much worthless. It is not worth the arguments it would cause to   pay someone in equity for an idea. If one of you had the idea but you   both quit your jobs and started working at the same time, you should   both get the same amount of equity. Working on the company is what   causes value, not thinking up some crazy invention in the shower. What if one of the founders doesn't work full time on the company? Then they're not a founder. In my book nobody who is not working full   time counts as a founder. Anyone who holds on to their day job gets a   salary or IOUs, but not equity. If they hang onto that day job until   the VC puts in funding and then comes to work for the company full   time, they didn't take nearly as much risk and they deserve to receive   equity along with the first layer of employees. What if someone contributes equipment or other valuable goods (patents, domain names, etc) to the company? Great. Pay for that in   cash or IOUs, not shares. Figure out the right price for that computer   they brought with them, or their clever word-processing patent, and   give them an IOU to be paid off when you're doing well. Trying to buy   things with equity at this early stage just creates inequality,   arguments, and unfairness. How much should the investors own vs. the founders and employees? That depends on market conditions. Realistically, if the investors end   up owning more than 50%, the founders are going to feel like   sharecroppers and lose motivation, so good investors don't get greedy   that way. If the company can bootstrap without investors, the founders   and employees might end up owning 100% of the company. Interestingly   enough, the pressure is pretty strong to keep things balanced between   investors and founders/employees; an old rule of thumb was that at IPO   time (when you had hired all the employees and raised as much money as   you were going to raise) the investors would have 50% and the   founders/employees would have 50%, but with hot Internet companies in   2011, investors may end up owning a lot less than 50%. Conclusion There is no one-size-fits-all solution to this problem, but anything   you can do to make it simple, transparent, straightforward, and,   above-all, fair, will make your company much more likely to be   successful. The above awesome answer came from the Stack Exchange beta site for startups, which has now closed. I expect that this equity distribution question (which is strongly tied to personal finance) will come up more times in the future so I have copied the content originally posted.  All credit for this excellent answer is due to Joel Spolsky, a moderator for the Startups SE beta site, and co-founder of Stack Exchange."
Thank you very much.  &gt;Corporations are really a means of removing risk beyond initial investment   This made my light bulb just go off. Thank you!  ---  I'm going to have to digest the rest of the material slowly. It makes sense, but I want to get it 100%. Thanks a lot!
Of course, there is no way for us to know whether or not the clerk is trying to rip you off $1.29 at a time, but I can't understand the possible motivation for doing so.  I would imagine that most people would catch this at some point, so for a store to consistently overcharge for something like this is really bad for business. They would be risking upsetting a customer all for the potential gain of $1.29. I have to assume that it is not malice, but incompetence.  We don't know what caused the clerk to be confused, but it is not really our concern. From what I can tell, you've gotten the right price in the end.  You were ultimately charged for two drinks, and the extra $1.29 that you were charged was refunded. Since it happened three times, you have to decide how badly you want these drinks in the future.  If you choose to return, you'll just have to expect the possibility that it will ring up incorrectly, and you'll have to get it fixed.  If that seems like too much hassle, then don't return to this store.
What kind of visibility do you have on sales? You need sales, that's why you're in business!   If their networks are good and you can bring in a bunch a of clients it sounds like it could be a good deal. Sales cure all ills.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://medium.com/fast-company/a-universal-basic-income-would-do-wonders-for-the-u-s-economy-ddb0eb739c18) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Economic growth is going disproportionately to higher earners who are more likely to save than lower earners, who tend to spend more of whatever they have left.  &gt; Steinbaum is not a fan of the automation argument for UBI. But he does think UBI could help workers to win better wages when they work.  &gt; Some see UBI as an investment that allows people to leave behind tedious, repetitive work in favor of more fulfilling, creative activities.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/76nmgm/a_universal_basic_income_would_do_wonders_for_the/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~229067 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **UBI**^#1 **spend**^#2 **more**^#3 **work**^#4 **pay**^#5"
Damn, helpful Harry above me.   So, in general, when compounding the value of an investment, if you're seeing an annualized interest rate of 4%, and the interest compounds monthly (or n number of times per year), you're going to multiply the Principal P by the growth rate (the interest rate), adjusted for the number of periods that your investment grows in a year. P_end = P * (1 + 0.04/n)^(n * t), where n = number of periods, and t = number of years. If the interest compounds annually, you earn P *(1.04), if it compounds monthly, you earn (1 + 0.04/12)^(12 * 1).   Apply this logic to discounting future cash flows to their net present value. When discounting future cash flows, you're essentially determing the opportunity cost of now being unable to put your investment elsewhere and earning that corresponding interest (discount) rate.   Thus, you would discount $1000 by (1 + 0.08/12)^1, and $2000, $3000 in a similar fashion. Then, as icing on the cake, sum up to get your cumulative net present value.  Please let me know if any portion of my explanation is unclear; I would be happy to elaborate!
Regarding some major holes in The Atlantic article...  **One**, Longwall mining became the norm underground rather than advance-retreat mining. It massively advanced the productive output of the industry, and required far less workforce. This was THE central cause of the precipitous drop to the coal industry workforce before the 1990s. Thereafter, a confluence of prices, competition, attacks on the working class/unions, of new energy sources, etc and other factors were the mixture which reduced the workforce.   **Two**, strip mining (and lignite-type coal; lower workforce necessary) in the Western coal region also played a role rather than the demands of underground mining (mostly bituminous, but also anthracite-type coal, concentrated in the East; higher workforce necessary). Key to remember that this move from eastern to western coal production, while reducing the workforce, was a **major drive** by the **coal bosses in the 90s through the 2000s.** A major aspect was that this was a campaign by the owners/bosses seeking to side-step the UMWA and unions/labor costs/health/dental. The eastern mines were dominantly Union, but out west, the union movement in the coal industry unfortunately never had broad modern success. Moments of greatness occurred in the western UMWA organizing battles (some great Navjao nation unionists, some good locals in Colorado too, a few valiant UT battles – one in particular which was lead by miners who were originally from Mexico), but no where near like east of the Mississippi.   **Three**. Anyone who worked or even lived near the industry (lived in Appalachia or Western Coal), could have told the young Atlantic author, or the Stanford Institute fellow just about all of this. Driving around rural West Virginia, PA, or Kentucky you can occasionally see the old advance-retreat Joy 'miner' machinery littering the countryside. Old-timers often times are glad to share heaps of the proud labor history of the region and this industry. Much easier to make a buck via The Atlantic by reading a couple academic reports, check Department of Energy, MSHA, and BLS statistical websites.
Others have tip-toed around this, but I'll just come out and say it.  The amount of money you're giving to the church is bordering on irresponsible given that you're just barely breaking even yourself.  The best thing you can do if you want to have children is to stop paying such a high amount to the church, and redirect most, if not all, of that money to your savings account.
When you exercise a put, you get paid the strike price immediately. So you can invest that money and earn some interest, compared to only exercising at expiry. So the benefit to exercising early is that extra interest. The cost is the remaining time value of the option, along with any dividend payments you miss. As @JoeTaxpayer points out, there might be tax considerations that make it better to exercise at one time rather than another. But those would likely be personal to you, so if the option would intrinsically have more value unexercised, in many cases you could sell it on rather than exercise it. The exception might be if it wasn't very liquid and the transaction costs of doing that outweighed the theoretical value.
a) He can loan you the money tax free he can even give you and your wife 29k a year tax free.  Many people do a loan for lets say 100k and then they forgive the load 14.5k a year to avoid the taxes.   b) Yes when they see that deposit they will give you a hard time potentially.  I got a hard time for my Real Estate tax refund. c) Just putting stress on the family potentially.
&gt;Be accountant.    &gt;Travel to Switzerland.    &gt;Bribe bank managers to tell you which companies have large accounts there.    &gt;Get hired at one of those companies.    &gt;Collect documentation.    &gt;Turn in to IRS   &gt;Become hundred millionaire.    It's a bit unconventional, but I dig it.
We are one the best online shop for Fidget spinner because we are the only platform through the online market where you can get Fidget spinner at affordable prices. At fidgetspinnerstar, you can buy different different types of fidget spinner at your doorsteps and also check a wide range of our collections. Along with these things you can also buy superheroes chrome batman fidget spinner at fidgetspinnerstar. Do you know why should a person plays with these toys because when a person suffers from ADHD or ADD they constantly feel they need to do moving something. For further more details about the fidgetspinnerstar, feel free to get in touch with us.sss
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2017/07/inequality-and-the-recession/530190/) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; In 2007, 126 urban counties entered a recession, another 266 counties followed in 2008 and 180 more did in 2009.  &gt; Income inequality has a hazard ratio of 1.066, one of the highest in the study-in other words, a one-unit increase in the Gini coefficient increased a county&amp;#039;s risk of entering the recession earlier by 6.6 percent.  &gt; Ultimately, the study shows that income inequality has a negative effect on the resilience of urban counties, reducing their ability to withstand a recession and its shocks, for several reasons.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6nmysj/how_income_inequality_makes_economic_downturns/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~168096 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **county**^#1 **Recession**^#2 **inequality**^#3 **economic**^#4 **study**^#5"
"Generally investing in index-tracking funds in the long term poses relatively low risk (compared to ""short term investment"", aka speculation). No-one says differently. However, it is a higher risk than money-market/savings/bonds. The reason for that is that the return is not guaranteed and loss is not limited. Here volatility plays part, as well as general market conditions (although the volatility risk also affects bonds at some level as well). While long term trend may be upwards, short term trend may be significantly different. Take as an example year 2008 for S&P500. If, by any chance, you needed to liquidate your investment in November 2008 after investing in November 1998 - you might have ended up with 0 gain (or even loss). Had you waited just another year (or liquidated a year earlier) - the result would be significantly different. That's the volatility risk. You don't invest indefinitely, even when you invest long term. At some point you'll have to liquidate your investment. Higher volatility means that there's a higher chance of downward spike just at that point of time killing your gains, even if the general trend over the period around that point of time was upward (as it was for S&P500, for example, for the period 1998-2014, with the significant downward spikes in 2003 and 2008). If you invest in major indexes, these kinds of risks are hard to avoid (as they're all tied together). So you need to diversify between different kinds of investments (bonds vs stocks, as the books ""parrot""), and/or different markets (not only US, but also foreign)."
You stumbled on your second paragraph when you said gold is debt.  It's not. It is an asset you can hold in your hand that has zero counterparty risk.  Didn't read the rest because if you fell over so early, it's likely I'd be here all day correcting the rest of it.
I looked at some UA stuff not that long ago.  I could not, for the life of me, figure out how they have sold a single item, let alone built a brand. American consumers must be the dumbest on the planet.
1) Low-Interest Rate: Isn't the inflation rate currently (and over the last couple of years) also really low, around 2%? If you're saying the inflation rate is going to go back up, I'm curious as to your reasoning. I don't see any general decrease in the money supply in the near future, wages are stagnant, and GDP looks like it's trundling along at standard rates - however, with the Gini coefficient still rising, more and more of that production is finding its way into fewer and fewer hands that don't have a lot of incentive to re-invest it.
it just depends on your situation and sometimes accounting can't fix that.  by mentor pays 35% even though he only goes back to the USA to visit. I go back less than 30 days a year so I can claim I'm a foreign resident but if all my income is in the USA I'm screwed.   I can't even route my income through my wife who has never stepped foot in the USA because we must claim whatever she makes.    US tax laws are so bad that it takes a lot just to get an account with HSBC in Hong Kong
I would not assume they would pay for any benefits. You will be responsible for paying entirely for health insurance and social security and Medicare. This move is most likely not in your best interests. At a minimum, I would charge double your current hourly rate and would charge for all hours worked including time and half for overtime.  3 times is actually probably a better choice if you want to cover holidays (which they will not pay you for), vacation time, etc. I know when I did project bids, we always priced at 2-3 times the salary we paid the employees.
"In other amazing news, people don't pay attention to things they don't care about.  Want to make sure people pay attention during meetings? Ensure the people in attendance actually have a good reason to care about the subject matter, have a say in it, and then keep it focused and short. Most meetings don't follow these guidelines, and far too many of them are largely just chances for a few people to herd a lot of people into a room so they can feel self-important while talking.  When planning a meeting, first ask yourself if you couldn't simply write an email or publish a document that covers the same material. If the answer is no, then ask yourself who _really_ needs to be in the meeting to give input, and who can be given a summary &amp; chance to ask a few questions after the fact and do just as well as if they'd attended.  I can't count the number of ""important"" mandatory meetings I've taken part in where my biggest contribution was simply checking in in the first place. Without fail, every one of them could've been handled without me there, summarized in a brief email, and would have left dozens of man-hours of labor unwasted."
"You know there is a heading in big bold text that says ""My budding product empire"" that conveniently links to actual products that make money for said author.   I think you have a problem with the whole way the author markets herself, but I obviously it works.  edit: Also I don't feel like it's bragging, it's more like sharing the wealth. You get examples of how to make and sell your own products from someone who makes and sells her own products successfully. What is so bad about that?"
All banks allow online banking. HSBC is reputed the most international traditional one.  That said, opening a bank account in a 100% online bank would get you to near 0 cost, and is probably the preferred option. Every online bank is very similar to each other, so I won't make any recommandation here. Exemples are ing-direct, boursorama, Fortuneo. I'm afraid none offer english service, and it might be difficult to get in line with a decent english speaker. All theses banks will likely offer a gold/premier mastercard/visa, so travelling will not be an issue. The fees should be <2% for foreign currencies (it vary slightly), and <3€ if you use the ATM in none euro ones.
"Let's summarize your relative's problem: How is this possible? If both of those statements are true, then he should be able to explain exactly why those statements are true, and then you can explain it to us, and then we can all nod our heads and admit, ""Wow, that makes sense. Proceed if you want to."" But until that happens I suggest you take the advice I offered in the first paragraph of this answer."
Typically the debt is held by individuals, corporations and investment funds, not by other countries. In cases where substantial amounts are held by other countries, those countries are typically not in debt themselves (e.g. China has huge holdings of US Treasuries). If the debts were all cancelled, then the holders of the debt (as listed above) would lose out badly and the knock-on effects on the economy would be substantial. Also, governments that default tend to find it harder to borrow money again in the future.
"There are raters of stock and bond funds of which Morningstar's is the best. Standard and Poor's and Value line offer reports that aren't quite as good. If you are able to read and understand these reports yourself, you don't need a professional. Such help is necessary for people who are ""rank beginners"" in investments."
At one time or another time, most people need to send money to a family, friend and some else. Now this type of transaction is very easy through online. In online most of the people using Etawakal online money transfer it is a very fast,safe and reliable http://tawakalexpress.net/Etawakal.aspx
It seems also on some international markets this is allowed. http://www.businessinsider.com/li-hejun-shorting-hanergy-2015-5
The Democrats are bloody fools who can't count  The Dreamer will be in play after six months, if they don't make a deal in 3 months, he will fuck the debt ceiling after 3 months.  No need to congratulate this bunch of morons who lost an election to the biggest bloody moron that America could produce.
As much as you want, and are otherwise comfortable with. No matter where you go or what you do, I doubt you would miss the money more than the experience. Money is just money and you can always get some more, but you can't get more time. That's my rule of thumb.
Perhaps you shouldn't have come out calling me names and being rude. I think your addiction problems have more to do with your attitude than your pain. Go see a therapist. You obviously have anger management issues. I'm thinking an addiction to mood stabilizers might be in order.
"&gt;And, a broadcast company with several channels, don't forget that part that makes you totally wrong.  I am not forgetting anything. You don't seem to get a broadcasting is media and part of media. Like I said they are a media company.  No different from saying Time Warner is a media company or Disney.   &gt;Buzzfeed's scoops are about stars dating each other, political stories, etc. Vice does pieces on buying nukes on the black market, the inside tour of North Korea (you know that claim that they have the same fat kid and fake grocery stores full of fake food?   Have you actually visited their website?  It has such stories such as ""Turns Out It's Totally Cool to Have a 20-Pound Lobster in Your Suitcase"" and ""The Mothers Haunted by Their Sons' Unsolved Murders"" as well as ""D.R.A.M. Opens Up About Being a 'Big Baby' on 'THE THERAPIST'"" and ""New Yorkers Love Pride, Hate Trump"".  Really no different from Buzzfeed except Vice doesn't do the whole list thing.    &gt;Do you not understand that your derivative argument is faulty?  Nope, as it is not faulty.  You can claim it is all you want, but until you prove its faulty its not.  And you yet to prove its actually faulty.   &gt;You are judging the quality of a story by your negative opinion of the producer and publisher's reputation: that's subjectivity.   One I told you I read the article and it was crap, you even agreed with me it was crap. Two media companies do screen what content is on their platform.  Meaning if they are smart they check for the quality of content as well.  Thirdly didn't I tell you like 3 times now to stop making leaping assumptions and bullshit claims? Yet you continue to do so.  And for someone claiming to have good analytic skills you certainly fall short in them."
LEGEAR Australia is also known by the government as the “One Source – Total Solution Provider” and has established a solid, strong, lasting and trusting relationship with its different agencies including; Australian Federal Police, State Police Forces, Australian Defense Force, Customs, Corrections, Emergency Services and SES, AUSAID and Emergency Management Australia through the years.
You do know that a 42-U.S. gallon barrel of crude oil provides about 45 (not a typo) gallons of petroleum products. One barrel of crude oil, when refined, produces about 19 gallons of finished motor gasoline, and 10 gallons of diesel, as well as other petroleum products. Most petroleum products are used to produce energy.  So not all of it is reflected in pump prices.
"In US public stock markets there is no difference between the actions individual retail traders are ""permitted"" to take and the actions institutional/corporate traders are ""permitted"" to take.  The only difference is the cost of those actions.  For example, if you become a Registered Market Maker on, say, the BATS stock exchange, you'll get some amazing rebates and reduced transaction prices; however, in order to qualify for Registered Market Maker status you have to maintain constant orders in the book for hundreds of equities at significant volumes.  An individual retail trader is certainly permitted to do that, but it's probably too expensive. Algorithmic trading is not the same as automated trading (algorithmic trading can be non-automated, and automated trading can be non-algorithmic), and both can be anywhere from low- to high-frequency.  A low-frequency automated strategy is essentially indistinguishable from a person clicking their mouse several times per day, so: no, from a legal or regulatory perspective there is no special procedure an individual retail trader has to follow before s/he can automate a trading strategy.  (Your broker, on the other hand, may have all sorts of hoops for you to jump through in order to use their automation platform.) Last (but certainly not least) you will almost certainly lose money hand over fist attempting bid-ask scalping as an individual retail trader, whether your approach is algorithmic or not, automated or not.  Why?  Because the only way to succeed at bid-ask scalping is to (a) always be at/near the front of the queue when a price change occurs in your favor, and (b) always cancel your resting orders before they are executed when a price change occurs against you.  Unless your algorithms are smarter than every other algorithm in the industry, an individual retail trader operating through a broker's trading platform cannot react quickly enough to succeed at either of those.  You would have to eschew the broker and buy direct market access to even have a chance, and that's the point at which you're no longer a retail trader. Good luck!"
I keep one card just for monthly bills (power company,car loan, etc.).  This one is unlikely to get hacked so I won't have to go change the credit card information on my monthly bills.  I pay the credit card from my bank account.  I just don't want a lot of businesses with direct access to my bank account.
Yet the underlying truth is the same. Bid fixing. We know it was done on a wide scale and we know it illegal. It doesn't matter what you think of the author you can verify that yourself and the court agreed.  You can make all the excuse you want but if all you want to do is quibble about why he shot out one number for the total bond market instead of muni bonds from 2007-2008 (actually one of the least relevant points to the story no matter which number you use) then you're missing the forest for the trees or your going out of your way to excuse widespread illegal business activity. Bid fixing is bid fixing. That it only impacted the smaller mini bond market isn't something that negates the larger story here.
It's funny how the american airlines have degraded into what you would call a low-cost airline in Europe, minus the ridiculously cheap fare prices that is.   I hope the main airlines here in Europe don't follow suit with all those extra costs.
Just create him a regular PayPal account, then so to the Pay Pal prepaid card page, https://www.paypal-prepaid.com, order a card an attach it to his personal paypal account. Unlike student account, you have to do 2 transfers, one into his paypal account, and then to the prepaid card. That is an answer! Unlike those of use with teenagers under 18 who now have their student accounts jacked from them and there really isn't a good option. Not happy with PayPal right now.I am sure there is a government bureaucrat somewhere behind this decision.
This is the correct advice.  If you aren't part of their recruiting network, AKA alum of a school they go to, you're odds are going to be very low.  The only other path would be if you are basically top 5% of your profession skill wise.  Normally this would mean an advanced degree, lots of work experience, etc.  If you don't have an MBA with a finance focus, it seems unlikely to me that they would hire you for any finance related consulting.  But computer engineering consulting seems reasonable.  Based on the brief info you have given, I would say you need to figure out what they want, and then take the steps to accumulate those skills.
There are numerous reasons that go beyond the immediate requirement for access to credit.  Many people just plain don't like carrying cash. Before electronic debit cards became mainstream about the only way to pay for online services was with a credit card.  This has now changed just about everywhere except a large number of airlines which still only sell online tickets via a credit card payment. And then there are all those countries where governments (and some banks) have decided to charge merchants more when customers use debit cards.  If you don't like carrying cash then you may find that the only card you can use is a credit card. These concerns are gradually disappearing and at some stage someone is likely to offer a combined debit-credit card. At which point you'll probably get credit whether you like it or not.
Finish off the student loans. If your absolute goal is saving as much as you possibly can for retirement, then you of course will be best off by maxing your IRA contribution every year. However, student loans are just another thing hanging over you, and nothing feels better than getting rid of a large debt. Pay them off, take yourself out to a nice dinner to celebrate, and tuck away what you have left over in your IRA. Paying off student loans is a great accomplishment - celebrate it!  The difference long-term will be negligible.
"Your companies are declining to lower your rates because you are describing it as being kind. When I was in a similar situation, I called each one, starting with the highest rate, and said this: For the last little while things have been tight and my balances have crept up on all my cards. Now I'm about to start a fairly dramatic paydown. I'm going to be doing highest-rate fastest, which is you. Are you able to lower my rate so that you can continue to collect it?  Some said no. Some said ""ask again when you've paid more than the minimum three months in a row."" Most said yes, and sometimes by a dramatic amount. It made a real difference to getting things under control. I agree with the other answers that $50 extra on each card is just not as fulfilling as putting all the extra to a single card. If you must still use a card (to put gas in your car, buy groceries etc) getting one card to zero will return you to not paying interest even when you use it, so you might want to start with your lowest balance and then go to highest-rate once you have one clear one you can use. (If your balances are all so high that it will take a year or more to get one to zero, then maybe not. But if one is low drive it down first.) As for the consolidation loan, for some people it's the key to saving interest and getting the debt behind them. For others it's a chance to catch their breath and run up even more debt. Most people cannot predict in advance which they will be or which others will be. Be aware that it is a risk. You can vow that you will never again cover payroll with a cash advance from the company credit card (or your personal one) but when push comes to shove, you just might anyway."
"I recently received a wire of more than $150K into one of my accounts. (Both sender and receiver accounts are US banking institutions.) My bank never contacted me to ask any questions. However, on my statement I noticed a charge called ""Analysis Service Charge"". I called the bank to ask them about this charge and was informed it was due to internal analysis for the wire transfer. They did this behind the scenes without needing to contact me. I can only assume that their ""analysis"" did not turn up anything suspicious, and if it had, perhaps they would have contacted me. I wouldn't worry about it even if you do receive a phone call and they ask a few questions. I'd advise to be completely honest; if you aren't doing anything wrong, you shouldn't have anything to worry about. Most likely they'd be calling you just to make sure you actually know about it and were expecting the money."
The suggestion may be very delayed, have you personally gone to the Experian Office with all the documentation (in xerox copy and in original)? If not, please do so, there is always a difference between dealing with govt/semi-govt institutions over electronic channels and in person.
"Hard to measure the overall effect.  Women could only go into the workforce because of the increased mechanization of house work, birth control, etc.  In addition, housework was never recorded as a part of GDP.  McDonalds making food is ""better"" for GDP than me cooking food, which is fairly dubious."
Lots of long answers.  The short answer is that speculation and growing confidence in the currency have increased demand.  Supply and demand tells us that the price will increase until holders of the product are willing to sell, or until the buyers are no longer willing to buy. My personal opinion is that we're seeing a bubble in action.  But have we passed the point where the market will stabilize after a correction?  Far too soon to say.  If I knew I wouldn't say and I wouldn't be slaving at a 9 to 5 job.
I don't know about the liquidation. The capital doesn't evaporate, its source just becomes the corporation itself. The corporation becomes the sole shareholder and acts at the behest of the board. The board then decides both board matters and shareholder matters.  Once I talked that through, I realized no one would do this. If the board is in complete control, why clump the ownership together. The directors would be better served by clearly delineating their ownership interests by purchasing shares directly.
"Ugh. Follow the money trail. Who stands to make  $$$ off of the fake climate crisis? It's the same group that are lying 24/7 on all news outlets, using MSM NSA/CIA to influence elections- remember Wikileaks verified the NSA/Deep State has the capability to hack and leave a ""Russian footprint."" Which it's what's happening now. I'm not sure who the hell bilderbergs are but most seem to be Anglo, as does grovers.  Somebody is pulling all the strings for a world government and it won't be long before our sovereignty (USA) is history.  Russia is moot. A distant 4th to USA, Britain, Israel The Deep State rules the world out of America."
&gt; If someone dies and they find THC in their system, pot heads band together and say well he was a reckless driver so weed had nothing to do with it.  That's due to the fact that THC stays in your system for 6 weeks, it doesn't necessarily imply impairment.
Currency exchange is rather the norm than the exception in international wire transfers, so the fact that the amount needs to be exchanged should have no impact at all. The processing time depends on the number of participating banks and their speeds. Typically, between Europe and the US, one or two business days are the norm. Sending from Other countries might involve more steps (banks)  which each takes a bit of time. However, anything beyond 5 business days is not normal. Consider if there are external delays - how did you initiate the sending? Was it in person with an agent of the bank, who might have put it on a stack, and they type it in only a day later (or worse)? Or was it online, so it is in the system right away? On the receiver side, how did you/your friend check? Could there be a delay by waiting for an account statement? Finally, and that is the most common reason, were all the numbers, names, and codes absolutely correct? Even a small mismatch in name spelling might trigger the receiving bank to not allocate the money into the account. Either way, if you contact the sender bank, you will be able to make them follow up on it. They must be able to trace where they money went, and where it currently is. If it is stuck, they will be able to get it ‘unstuck’.
I work for a Big4 and there are no shared audit and consulting clients. We go through pretty extreme independence controls to make sure we don't even have personal relationships with clients. I know people who had to refinance their house because the mortgage company became an audit or consulting client.  It's a common misconception that big4s audit and provide consulting services to the same firm, but this is not true.
It all depends on the trust level you have in them handling it correctly. If they never deposit it, it doesn't matter what happens to the check, they could frame it and hang it on the wall. The risk is that someone someday deposits it (incorrectly double-charging you), and you need to do what think is appropriate to avoid this risk. If your trust in them is too small, only sending it back to you makes sure that you physically control the check.
Hi, are you a business lawyer and do you happen to know the answer? I tried asking someone at a Small Business Center but I think he started getting annoyed at all my questions and starting becoming curt so I stopped asking even though I still wasn't clear on all the answers yet.
The Motley Fool article is correct that if you earn UBTI over $1000, you will need to pay the tax, even if held in an IRA.   C-corps won't generate UBTI, so you're fine with those.  For non-C-corps, the most common are REITs, MLPs, and BDCs.   REITs  These typically invest in either real estate property or mortgages.  The ones that invest in mortgages are sometimes notated: mREITs, and can occasionally generate UBTI.  Tip: Don't let this stop you from investing in REITs in your IRA.  REITs can be a great source of income and are best held in an IRA since the income will be tax free vs. your ordinary income tax bracket if held in a taxable account.  Some examples of mREITs would be NLY, CIM, AGNC.  Some property REITs would be: O, SNR, OHI, EQR. https://seekingalpha.com/article/1257351-tax-bomb-mortgage-reits-triggering-ubit MLPs Master Limited Partnerships are also pass-through entities, like REITs, but have the additional complication that most issue K-1 forms at tax time.  K-1s can be very complex when the MLP owns assets across state boundaries, which is why I actually PREFER to hold MLPs in my IRA (against the advice of M. Fool) since I won't have to deal with the tax complications of filing the K-1, just as long as my MLPs don't generate over $1000 of UBTI. https://seekingalpha.com/article/4057891-mlps-kminus-1s-ubti-oh BDCs Business Development Companies like REITs and MLPs are also pass-through entities in that the income they give you will be taxed at your ordinary income bracket if held in a taxable account.  Examples of BDCs include: MAIN, MCC, ARCC.  You'd need to consult their 10-K to determine if there is a risk of UBTI. Tip:  MLPs, BDCs, and especially REITs can all be very valuable sources of income and from my experience, UBTI is rare so don't let that scare you away if you otherwise like the investment.
"Black-Scholes! I work as LP in private market and every time I email some IR asking how some of their obscure convertible bond valuation is determined in their quarterly report, they just reply ""based on black-scholes model"" and all I can reply is ""thanks"". I never understand how that really works! Is there anyway you can go through a example, demonstrate how to calculate a simple investment instrument valuation using that model with me? Thanks a million!"
&gt;  I occasionally drive through a rough part of town and see the dumbest people just walking in the street. There is a sidewalk, but let's walk in the busy road instead.  They get used to walking in the street because of the poor conditions of the sidewalk.  Debris, broken-glass, overgrown.     While it is an extreme example, [this is a sidewalk I was trying to clear two weeks ago](http://i.imgur.com/KH2GuoG.jpg) in an urban area.
&gt; So your point is, because capitalism was the system used during this this last tech boom, it should be worshipped and never questioned?  Of course not. Everything should be questioned.   Capitalism has helped poor people's quality of life for a lot longer than the recent tech boom.   &gt; If the drastic wealth inequality, which breeds situations like this, doesn't concern you, we have to agree to disagree.  This situation is definitely concerning. I feel really bad for the kids.   I don't agree that capitalism is what caused it. Capitalism is the reason she isn't eating stray cats or [her kids](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4076244/Distressing-photos-1920s-Russian-famine-turned-hopeless-peasants-cannibals-five-million-people-starved-death.html).  I think [this man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWsx1X8PV_A) talks about wealth inequality more eloquently than I can.
The media is not reporting this story correctly. The way Amazon will likely monetize this patent is by *preventing* brick and mortar stores from limiting your ability to comparison shop. The reason? Amazon is the primary beneficiary when shoppers check for prices in real time.   Sure, maybe Amazon will also use it to prevent comparison shopping in Whole Foods, but I really doubt that is the primary way Amazon intends to monetize the patent. If you're in Whole Foods, you probably aren't interested in going to Safeway, even though you already know it is cheaper.
I just thought of some of the financial crisis/events of particular significance, and then also just thought of the world over the next ten years. I shouldn't have included the Cuban missile crisis... idk how that slipped in there. It wasn't a well researched comment by any means.
"Great, it's the old ""no true capitalist"" argument. It's hilarious how you keep seeing this, yet when you see the exact opposite version of the same argument, namely that all communist countries have been authoritarian nightmares and that this does not necessarily reflect the true ideology of communism, then suddenly you're a commie bastard.  If we agree that there are no state bailouts in ""pure"" capitalism, then please never again in your life disregard this argument when you hear it from a socialist."
Small companies could have growth prospects. Large companies may not have that many. So look at ROE of companies by quatile to determine which companies have better growth.
I implemented this in MatLab about 10 years back. You just calculate your conditional variance of the required assets (x_i), use matrix multiplication on the correlation matrix (rho_i_j) from the same asset (this could be a point of research but unless you are using extreme conditions on the VaR it makes little difference) then apply a standard Markiowitz optimisation approach. You can then just use simple Sharpe ratio (marginal return over conditional risk) at every point on the efficient frontier. Then choose the maximum Sharpe ratio point.
"First of all, not all brokers allow trading during pre-market and post-market.  Some brokers only allow trading during the regular hours (9:30am - 4pm ET). Second of all, while you can place orders using limit orders and market orders during regular trading hours, you can only use limit orders during pre-market and post-market.  This is because the liquidity is much lower during pre-market and post-market, and using market orders could result in some trades filling at horrible prices.  So brokers don't allow using market orders outside of regular trading hours. Third, some brokers require you to specify that you want your order to be executed during pre-market or post-market.  For example, my broker allows me to specify either ""Day"" or ""Ext"" for my orders.  ""Day"" means I want my order to execute only during regular trading hours, and ""Ext"" means I want my order to execute at any time - pre-market, regular trading hours, or post-market. Finally, if your broker allows pre/post market trading, and you place a limit order while specifying ""Ext"", then your trade can happen in real-time during pre-market or post-market.  Per your example, if a stock is trading at $5 at 8am, and you put in a limit order (while specifying ""Ext"") to buy it at $5 at 8am, then your order will execute at that time and you will buy that stock at 8am."
San Francisco needs to have the rental rate bubble pop, and it would if Bart were operating 24hrs even at 20 or 30min intervals between SF's bart stops and the stops within Oakland. It would take a lot of pressure off of SF's real estate since right now you either live in the city or pay a shit ton on transit fees on cabs/lyft/uber whenever public transit shuts down.
To get more exposure, you should record a video of you demonstrating the product. You can even create a user's guide to help out people who own the product, and to show the possibilities to potential customers. Post this video on your own website and on popular video hosting sites as well. Do not forget to tag your video with the right key words.
"the way they explain it is this: say you contribute 1 million each month from july 2010 to june 2011, they wait for the 12 million at the end of the year and ""start to invest"" it at the start of the next financial year (july 2011 to june 2012). so after june 2012, they'll get the profit, subtract admin costs and all, then announce the balance as interest. the interest announced applies to the whole 12 million from 2010-11. i guess the excuse here is that since they announce interest per financial year, they wouldn't have enough time to properly invest money collected towards the end months of apr, may and june, if they were to announce interest in the following july.. so they'd need another year to properly do the investing for that money collected.  how else would you handle giving interest for money collected in june? i can see their point but i just feel like there's something off there."
Coming up with the best fashion styles for you can be very difficult. Make this task a lot easier by hiring personal stylist Marika Page. By using her experience in styling celebrities like Connie Talbot and Jaimie Alexander, she can easily come up with the best combination of clothes and accessories for you. What are you waiting for? Receive expert help today from Marika Page! Visit www.marikapage.com to learn more.
"There are two issues here: arithmetic and psychology. Scenario 1: You are presently paying an extra $500 per month on your student loan, above the minimum payments. Your credit card company offers a $4000 cash advance at 0% for 8 months. So you take the cash advance, pay it toward the student loan, and then instead of paying the extra $500 per month toward the student loan you use that $500 for 8 months to repay the cash advance. Net result: You pay 0% interest on the loan, and save roughly 8 months times $4000 times the interest on the student loan divided by two. (I say ""divided by two"" because it's not the difference between $4000 and zero, but between $4000 and the $500 you would have been paying off each month.) Clearly you are better off. If you are NOT presently paying an extra $500 on the student loan -- or even if you are but it is a struggle to come up with the money -- then the question becomes, can you reasonably expect to be able to pay off the credit card before the grace period runs out? Interest rates on credit cards are normally much higher than interest rates on student loans. If you get the cash advance and then can't repay it, after 8 months you are paying a very steep interest rate, and anything you saved on the student loan will quickly be lost. What I mean by ""psychological"" is that you have to have the discipline to really repay the credit card within the grace period. If you're not very confidant that you can do that, this plan could go bad very quickly. Personally, I've thought about doing things like this many times -- cash advances against credit cards, home equity loans, etc, all give low-interest money that could be used to pay off a higher-interest debt. But it's easy to get into trouble doing things like this. It's easy to say to yourself, Well, I don't need to put ALL the money toward that other debt, I could keep a thousand or so to buy that big screen TV I really need. Or to fail to pay back the low-interest loan on schedule because other things keep coming up that you spend your money on instead, whether frivolous luxuries or true emergencies. And there's always the possibility that something will happen to mess up your finances, from a big car repair bill to losing your job. You don't want to paint yourself into a corner. Finally, maxing out your credit cards hurts your credit rating. The formulas are secret, but I understand that if you use more than half your available credit, that's a minus. How much it hurts you depends on lots of factors."
This has been going on forever. Hardened battlefield laptops were made by a small startup; I saw a demo of a realtime digital chart that was created by a bunch of guys in an office park (I think that got bought by one of the big contractors)  And I'll wager there are a thousand startups creating military solutions with Raspberry Pi (both ultraportable and massive scaling)
"The Tax Court ruling Todd mentioned was that you can only do one roll-over in a 12-months period. I.e.: if you have already done a roll over (even if it is between different accounts) - you cannot do it again between any of your IRA accounts for 12 months. So for the ""60-days loan"" trick to work you must ensure that: You haven't done a roll-over within the last 12 months; and You're not going to do a roll-over within the next 12 months. Note, that the Tax Court took into the consideration that the IRS pub. 590 was explicitly saying that you can do multiple roll-overs as long as different accounts are involved. The Court ruled, that the IRS instructions are NOT a legal authority. I.e.: the IRS can write in the instructions whatever they want, but if it contradicts the law (as it did in this case) - the law always prevails. This is only for indirect rollovers (where you actually get the money and then re-deposit it within 60 days), trustee to trustee rollovers are not limited. This limitation is codified in 26 U.S. Code § 408(d)3(B)."
Yes. You got it right.  If BBY has issues and drops to say, $20, as the put buyer, I force you to take my 100 shares for $2800, but they are worth $2000, and you lost $800 for the sake of making $28.  The truth is, the commissions also wipe out the motive for trades like yours, even a $5 cost is $10 out of the $28 you are trying to pocket. You may 'win' 10 of these trades in a row, then one bad one wipes you out.
"withdraw in cash - bank reports it to IRS no matter what. Would this   affect my tax filing in the coming year? No, and no. The bank doesn't report to the IRS. In the US - the bank will probably report to FinCEN. It has nothing to do with your tax return. withdraw in check - bank does not seem to report it. Is this correct? Doesn't have to. Still might, if they think it is a suspicious/irregular activity. wire-transfer to another person's account - would this always be   slapped with a ""gift tax""? If this is a gift it would. Regardless of how you transfer the money. Is it? Answers to your follow up questions: In the US, what documents do we need to prepare in case our large sum   withdraw from the bank triggers a flag in relevant government (local   and/or federal) divisions and they decide to investigate? Depending on what the investigators request. FinCEN would investigate money laundering, the IRS would investigate tax evasion, the FBI would investigate terrorism sponsorship, etc. Depending on who's investigating and what the suspicions are - different documents may be required. But the bottom line is that you should be able to explain the source of the funds and the destination. For example ""I found $1M in cash and sent it to some drug lord because he's such a good friend of mine"" will probably not fly. Does the (local/federal) government care if we stash our money (in   cash or check) under our mattress, if we purchase foreign properties   (taxable? documents needed for proof?), or if we give it away (to   individuals or organizations - individual: a gift tax, organization:   tax waivable) ? The government cares about taxes, and illegal activities. Stashing money under a mattress is not illegal, but earning cash and not paying income tax on it usually is. In many cases money stashed under the mattress was obtained illegally and/or income taxes were not paid. It seems that no matter what we do (except spreading thin our assets   to multiple accounts in multiple banks), the government will always be   notified of any large bank transaction and we would be forever flagged   since. Is this correct ? Yes, reportable transactions will be reported. Also spreading around in multiple accounts/transactions to avoid reporting is called ""structuring"" and is on its own a crime. This is for cash/cash equivalent transactions only, of course. Not sure about the ""forever flagged since"", that part is probably sourced in your imagination."
The doing of it, the actual floral design part, is a small part of what that business is going to need. The needs of a small business are huge and varied.  For instance,  somebody will need to do the Quickbooks, handle the register and cash,  handle clients and follow-up.   Do payroll even if it is just the two of you. Handle insurance.  Place orders for inventory, develop relationships with suppliers to keep costs down. Do marketing. Calculate profitability and use that to determine pricing,  specials,  and discounting on bulk orders. Clean the shop and enable your flower arranger to work effeciently.  Need employees?  Then get ready for applications, interviews,  onboarding, reviews,  coaching,  and firing. Create checklists and best practices.  The Small Business Association is your friend. It's a government program that is already paid for by you,  and the employees are generally successful entrepreneurs that just don't feel like doing the 80 hours a week anymore. They will be so happy to mentor you and can really assist if you are looking for a loan to start up.   Small business isn't for everybody.  I think most people would rather work 40 hours a week for somebody else. If none of this scares you off, you might have what it takes. Starting and running a business is incredibly rewarding for me emotionally and financially and I wouldn't trade it for any job on the planet.
Your adviser cannot advise you if you don't tell him the whole picture. You don't have to invest everything with the adviser, you can just say that you have the cash allocation portion already invested elsewhere, and he can consider your portfolio based on that information. He works for you and you pay him for this work, why would you want him to provide a result that you know is worthless, because you didn't tell him what he needs to know?
"What you did is called a ""strangle."" It's rather unlikely that both will be exercised on the same day. But yes, it can happen.  That is if the market is very volatile on a given day, so that the stock hits 13 in the morning, the put gets exercised, and then hits 15 later in the day, so the call gets exercised. Or vice versa. More to the point, the prices are close enough that one might be hit on one day, and the other on a DIFFERENT day. In either case, if one side gets hit, you need to reevaluate your position in the other. But basically, any open position you have can be hit at any time. The only way to avoid this risk is not to have positions."
With the limited to I get to play games, I'll just buy the games I want to play. It may be a month in between sessions. I'm not going to subscribe to something I won't use that often. I'll continue to build a library and when I'm old and retire I'll have an awesome legacy game system to spend my crippled time on.
&gt;They are inalienable rights.  Contract negotiations and dispute settlements are **not** an inalienable right.  Civil rights, right to a trial of my peers in a criminal matter, sure.  Being able to enter in to a contract with the furniture store to rent a recliner is not an inalienable right.    &gt; Our grandparents fought and died for this protection and you would simply throw it away without a fight. Shame on you.  our grandparents did not fight for an inalienable right for civil trials to take place.  Criminal trials, equal rights, sure.  civil matters, no.  They did not fight and die so that future generations can have their day in court to decide a contract dispute.  As I mentioned above, I don't believe in forced arbitration in contracts but to say that's what our grandparents fought for diminishes the sacrifices they did make.
Bankruptcy law is complex. You need a lawyer who can advise you both on the statute and relevant case law for the district where you file. Your lawyer can advise you whether actions you contemplate are allowed.  You can obtain advice prior to filing as you seek to determine whether the law and the relief it offers are suitable to your situation. Anyone considering filing BK should know that they will need to provide fairly extensive information. You should learn about BK as you seek to understand whether that path is the best for your situation. You should ask your lawyer specific questions about your situation and try to learn as much as you can. You should read about the problems with taking out debt or making debt repayments to creditors (especially family) prior to filing BK. These actions could impact your case and cause it to be dismissed, and could even be considered criminal (again, you need a lawyer). Some things to learn about as you contemplate Bankruptcy Be aware that BK is federal law, and you will be required to provide extensive information about your financial situation.  You will be required to show up for the creditors meeting and testify that you have provided correct information.  The trustee may (will) supply objections to which you and your lawyer will need to respond. Among other things, you will supply, You should seek legal advice about things that might become important, Even though you will have guidance from your lawyer, you are the one seeking relief, and you need to understand your own situation and the law.
"Your question points out how most fractional reserve banks are only a couple of defaults away from insolvency. The problem arises because of the terms around the depositors' money.  When a customer deposits money into a bank they are loaning their money to the bank (and the bank takes ownership of the money).  Deposit and savings account are considered ""on-demand"" accounts where the customer is told they can retrieve their money at any time.  This is a strange type of loan, is it not?  No other loan works this way.  There are always terms around loans - how often the borrower will make payments, when will the borrower pay back the loan, what is the total time frame of the loan, etc..  The bank runs into problems because the time frame on the money they borrowed (i.e. deposits) does not match the time frame on the money they are lending."
Multilevel marketing does not mean it's a scam.  MLM is one of a number of legitimate ways to run the sales leg of a business.  It's also one of the fairest: you get paid for the business you bring back to the company, period.  If you can keep a lot of referral salespeople working their butts off, great for you, you should reap the benefits for your effort.  How many salaried jobs give you this kind of incentive? If you have reservations, that's fine, but also be prepared to have someone smile and nod back at you. The things I'd check:
"Unless this functionality is either an open API that any app on any platform can interact with, or Apple releases an Android app that can make use of this functionality, it won't go anywhere useful.  iOS might be a big deal in a lot of places, but overall Android devices take up something like 80% of the mobile OS deployments, compared to iOS's 15%.  Yes:  Android is way more fragmented, and has many more ""shitty"" devices, but we're talking basic messaging here, not games or complicated shit."
Usually the market.  I'm a company issuing a 5-year bond with 5% coupon payments. It goes on the market to whoever is willing to pay the most for it. The prices that those investors pay implies what the required yield is. For instance, if they're willing to pay exactly face value for the bond, then that shows they have a required return of (in this case) 5%. Paying more or less for the bond implies a require rate less than or greater than 5%, with the exact amounts derivable with basic algebra.  The same principle can be applied to any other asset.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://eurbaninsight.wordpress.com/2017/09/17/modelling-an-agent-based-general-equilibrium-model-in-python/) reduced by 93%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The extension from this partial equilibrium in a single market to general equilibrium reflects the idea that it may not be legitimate to speak of equilibrium with respect to a single commodity when supply and demand in that market depend on the prices of other goods.  &gt; On this view, a coherent theory of the price system and the coordination of economic activity has to consider the simultaneous general equilibrium of all markets in the economy.  &gt; Labor print(&amp;quot;Price:&amp;quot;, price, &amp;quot;Product:&amp;quot; , product, &amp;quot;Labortime:&amp;quot;,labor ) def demand(lili, comps, wage): demand = totalwork = 0 totallabortime = 0 for indiv in lili: for comp in comps: indiv.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/70sqwg/how_to_model_an_agent_based_general_equilibrium/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~211887 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Price**^#1 **comp**^#2 **weight**^#3 **def**^#4 **market**^#5"
The reason is because there's basically no incentive for anyone to not be unrealistically optimistic (aka lie). The management wants to show its being active so they aren't replaced. The IB trying to sell a company wants to make it look as good as possible. The bank providing a loan for the acquisition needs to make it look good for their risk committee, so they won't try to sour down the claims in the CIM too much. The acquired company would rather make more money than less. The only person who loses is the shareholder. It's an agency problem.
"&gt;You are just being weirdly semantic and also failing to distinguish between North and South America. They are not both collectively called America. Nobody groups 2 continents together like that.  Stop embarrassing yourself. You are trying to save face by saying America is a country.   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Americas  &gt;What point? I said Canada was protectionist and Canada is in the top to protectionist countries in the list you provided.  Because of your cognitive dissonance, you couldn't even understand the chart.  LOL. it is 10 biggest country. And all of them have low tariff and shows is not protectionist.  Again, I showed that you made completely big fool out of yourself multiple times.  http://www.businessinsider.com/wef-countries-with-highest-trade-tarrifs-2016-10/#t11-sierra-leone-138--sierra-leone-has-high-customs-tariffs-which-account-for-about-45-of-government-revenue-according-to-the-world-trade-organisation-9  **Yea. 28% to 14%.**  **Nowhere near 1-3% I showed where Canada was.**  LOLOL. Just sad. A trumper says all those countries are protectionist. Yet, all the data says opposite.  Are all trumpers argue like this?   This is pretty sad man. You cant even follow this, you got pretty rough life ahead of you.  &gt;What data would you like? America being increasingly protectionist and the stock market being at an all time high?  https://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/26/us-stocks-boeing-earnings-fed.html I already used your own data against you so in a way that is me using data and you've presented none.  Lol. None of that data says anything about protectionism. Are you joking? This is pathetic, mate.   So lets recap  Makes absurd claim. that Russia, China, US(calling it America), Canada are all protectionist. -&gt; Shows data that completely proves them wrong. Not to mention Russia is poor as shit. -&gt; Yells out unrelated comment. ""bu bu bu venezula!""-&gt; Tells him I've never brought up venezula. -&gt; bu bu bu I say they protectionist cause they on top 10 list and couldn't even understand simple chart -&gt; Shows data proves opposite and tell him low tarrif rate of 1-3% -&gt; bu bu bu I now want to see other 185 countries.   This is hilarious and just pathetic.   I feel bad for you. Wait, are you Russian? Is that why you chose Russia as great protectionist country? LOLOLOL.   No wonder your life must suck. Blame it on trade and globalism that will help. Your lack of cognitive ability must have nothing to do with it."
The Federal Reserve is a Government Corporation. They profit off of selling currency to everyone, they literally get paid to print money. It could cost them 14 cents for a dollar. This huge profit margins is why they dont mind making the penny. Other countries got rid of small currencies bc it costs the government not a corporation.
"Are you not allowed the y5 option?   I'm no guru, but one thing that sticks out to me in that plan is the vesting period of 5yrs as opposed to 10, so the money is ""yours"" in half the time....so if after 5yrs, you find a better gig, you can roll those benefits into another account and manage them on your own (or just leave and draw on them when you are eligible)  Then again, knowing that many municipalities are in shit shape due to their pension benefit liabilities, they may be pushing to the longer vesting period to a) encourage you to stay employed there and/or b) allow them to keep the money should you leave before that 10yr period  Like I said, though- I'm def no guru, and that is only one aspect of these plans.  I'd personally reach out to a financial planner so they can game it all out for you and equip you with the info to make the best choice"
We should also use video marketing as nowadays people prefer going through videos and i think those advertisement between the videos is a great way to give your business more exposure. Also we can build strong relation with people relevant to our industry and can easily grow our business.
Note that this is just looking at public firms, whose numbers have declined while the overall number of firms has increased. It would be interesting to compare their profits to GDP, that might be a better measure to find out whether profits are more concentrated than they used to be.  Also note:  &gt; However, what could indeed be a deterrent—especially for smaller companies—is that the US Congress wields far more regulatory power over public companies than private ones, note the authors.
Please take a look a Dave Ramsey's Baby Step plan.  It has all the details that you need to clean up your personal finance situation.   None of your options are good.   As some of the other answers mentioned, behavior modification is the key. Any idea will be worthless if you just wind up in debt again.  Many, many people, including me, have made the change using Dave's plan.  You can too. With regard to helping your son with tuition, are there better or cheaper options?  It does not make sense to put yourself in financial peril in order to cover college expenses.  I understand that is a tough decision but he is a man now and needs to be part of the real world solution.  Following the Baby Steps: The biggest factor is a belief that you can fix the mess. 30k is not really that much, with a good plan and focus, you can clean it up.  Good luck.
you could say that Microsoft never hurt the consumer either. It was the bundling of file explorer with internet explorer that was litigated.  And even though they eventually settled, the almost decade of litigation but them in a constant defensive posture - major business decisions had to be run past the lawyers. Apple and google ended up drinking their milkshake.
We actually have [a thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GroceryStores/comments/10sldg/im_so_tired_of_this_grocery_shrinkray_bullshit/) about that going on right now in r/grocerystores.    It is a fine line to walk.  No one wants to visibly raise prices.  But they are still showing price per pound/ounce on the tag (right?  Every store I have been in shows that).  The consumer is partly to blame for allowing those shenanigans.
Yeah good point about the 15%. I was thinking about short term where it's taxed at ordinary income. I do agree something has to be done I just don't know what because they have the whole system balanced. As soon as you introduce one change they figure out a loophole around it. It's screwed up
"I used Quicken, so this may or may not be helpful. I have a Cash account that I call ""Temporary Assets and Liabilities"" where I track money that I am owed (or that I owe in some cases).  So if I pay for something that is really not my expense, it is transferred to this account (""transferred"" in Quicken terms).  The payment is then not treated as an expense and the reimbursement is not treated as income--the two transactions just balance out."
The U.S. Department of Ed offers Loan consolidation that you may want to take a look at: https://loanconsolidation.ed.gov/AppEntry/apply-online/appindex.jsp Going through a Government Agency as opposed to a private lender might reduce the burden (co-signers, collateral) you need to pass to get the loan.
I was in a similar (but not quite as bad situation) a couple years ago, and I had a stroke of luck that helped me, but your friend might be able to force a similar situation. My parents refused to take out the huge parent loan (understandably so), but my dad made enough money that I wasn't eligible for much aid.  My stroke of luck came when they got divorced; I could refile my FAFSA with only one parent (using my mom with very little income), my aid shot through the roof and nearly covered my undergrad (this happened in California, I don't know if this works in other states). My advice for your friend would be to take the 6 units/part time job option, but do what she can to earn enough to pay her own rent/food/other bills.  I think the requirement for filing as an independent is that you supply >50% of your own income.  It won't kick in right away, but for next school year this would end up getting her a lot more money from the state/federal governments.  For me it was enough to cover my school, food, rent, gas, car payment, and still have a little left over. (I don't know if this is still possible, and I know it doesn't work for graduate school, or if it applies to every state.  It might be an option worth pursuing though)
So, they can either do this OR they can take their in-store customer experience up like a dozen notches.  What they can't do is have baseline in-store customer experience and higher prices than online.  That *can't* work, and they must know this.  As the generations roll forward there will be fewer and fewer people wandering into a Best Buy with no idea what a TV costs.  In fact, more and more people are walking around with internet connected barcode scanners that will do an instant nationwide price compare on the spot.  If you find an item you like in Best Buy and you scan the barcode and find it 25% cheaper online...can you want 3-4 days to get it?  Probably.  If they just keep trying to go along as a high price retailer they're done.  They'll be bankrupt in less than 10 years.
I don't know how fast are wire transfers between bank accounts in the US, but here in Europe we can have them in under an hour usually for an extra fee (during bank working hours) - so you could take a laptop with Internet connection to the transaction, make a wire transfer and wait that hour drinking coffee for the transfer to arrive before handing the keys and papers and the buyer driving away.
Thats like the first European Settlers telling the Native Americans that smallpox was manageable back home.  Doesn't matter where it started, it matters who has immunity.  Unfortunately neither our countries' female tween populace just didn't. **EDIT** *Unfortunately neither our countries female tween populace had it*.
"If it's work you'd be producing specifically for this organization, that would not be deductable. Per Publication 526, Charitable Deductions, ""You can't deduct the value of your time or services, including: … The value of income lost while you work as an unpaid volunteer for a qualified organization."" On the other hand, if you were say an author of a published book or something (not specifically written for this organization), you could donate a copy of the book and probably deduct its fair market value (or perhaps only your basis, if it's your business's inventory)."
Cash-back also lets the store turn hard currency into an electronic transfer or check, which reduces the hassle/risk of hauling bagfulls of cash to the bank. (The smaller stores I've spoken to have called this out as a major advantage of plastic over either cash or checks. I'm assuming that the problem scales with number and size of transactions.)
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://medium.com/@sethmiller_59231/this-is-how-big-oil-will-die-38b843bd4fe0) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Oil fuels the most politically volatile regions in the world, yet we&amp;#039;ve decided to send military aid to unstable and untrustworthy dictators, because their oil is critical to our own security.  &gt; Big Oil will be cut down in the next decade by a combination of smartphone apps, long-life batteries, and simpler gearing.  &gt; To understand why Big Oil is in far weaker a position than anyone realizes, let&amp;#039;s take a closer look at the lynchpin of oil&amp;#039;s grip on our lives: the internal combustion engine, and the modern vehicle drivetrain.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6hafjz/autonomous_electric_cars_will_be_the_demise_of/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~144319 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **oil**^#1 **vehicle**^#2 **mile**^#3 **cost**^#4 **year**^#5"
How many people work 80 hour weeks and succeed?  How many people work 80 hour weeks and fail despite that?  Hard work can only get you so far. You can only try to put yourself in the right place at the right time, if the opportunity appears, you succeed if not, you fail.
"Yeah, hence the ""it is more complicated"" line. I don't have all the facts, I just know our govt is colluding with these guys in wall street and The Fed, etc... and it is all about making certain people very rich and basically looting the middle class."
"&gt; Gotta keep coming back don't ya.  Yep!  I like good discussion.  &gt; You admitted you were wrong...  I was not wrong.  Insurers are now dropping out of Obamacare mainly because of Trump not enforcing the mandate.  The fact that insurers dropped out before doesn't invalidate my statement.  &gt; ...then sent a opinion piece with no actual data - just feels.  I included that to show the reasons insurance companies left before are different than their reasons today.  It's fine if you disagree with that opinion piece's solution.  &gt; Then you tell me you agree but is another topic. Then 2 fucking sentences later ""address the cost of care"". I fucking give up.  There are three critical elements to healthcare: cost, quality, and access.  Low cost care is of no benefit if it is unavailable or of low quality.  The ACA only focused on one of those three elements: access.  The goal of the insurance portals and medicaid expansion was to get more people insured which is why the ""more people covered"" metric is the one you always hear.  There were a few things in the bill to control quality but other than the mandate to keep premiums down there was nothing to control cost.  This is why when talking about the ACA, the chargemaster is another topic.  The ACA is about increasing access, not lowering cost.  If you want something done about costs and the chargemaster, you need our government to pass a whole different healthcare bill."
You could buy some bitcoins with your credit card and then convert them back to physical money.
This is excellent advice. I would make sure that you arm yourself with some solid questions about the company including reformatting some of the questions that they ask you. Interviews should be a two way conversation, the more you get them talking, the more comfortable they'll be to recommend you. Some questions to ask: 1. Tell me a bit about your (interviewer) background? This gets them talking a bit and allows you to relate with them 2. Where do you see the company moving in the next 5 years? 3. Why is this job opening available? 4. Can you tell me a bit about the corporate culture? 5. How can the company invest in me? 6. What are the qualities that will make me successful in this job? 7. Tell me a bit about our competitors (you should know some of them) and what sets this company apart? Make sure you're armed with as much information about the company as possible. One of the things that set me apart when I interviewed at the company I'm working at now was I came into the interview with the company's financial report and started asking specific questions about details on that report. Also, MAKE SURE TO GET A BUSINESS CARD OR CONTACT INFORMATION BEFORE YOU LEAVE. Thank you letters are an annoying formality, but it is necessary, don't rely on the recruiter to give you that information.
The fact that he was even in reach was because amazon stock has been doing well lately, up 36% in the past year (though it should be noted that microsoft is up 30% in the same time period).  The fact that it didn't last long was just because of daily fluctuations which were responsible for both randomly pushed him up over the threshold and pushing him back down again.  It is still really close and he could easily swap places will Bill Gates several times over the next few weeks until longer term trends take over and start to push them a little further apart and one of them emerges the winner for now.
That statement above was your own in the context of discussion degrees and college education. From the context in the discussion that statement appears to say you support college as being the way people become educated in civics. It may not have been your intention but it is exactly how it reads to me and perhaps others as well.
&gt; if govt does it's job of keeping some competition in the banking sector, then the rates offered you and me should be near the actual cost to service such loans,   You cannot really believe this.  There is no sector more artificial than banking, and under the current regime there is no such thing as a relation between any interest rates and the cost to service the loans.  Rates have been artificially depressed across the spectrum using every available manipulation, and we are experiencing a coordinated money-printing/government bailout operation on a global scale.  To say that rates anywhere have any relation to the real cost and/or demand for capital is absurd.
I think companies should be able to reduce their tax burden to zero as long as they produce a net benefit to their host country. Taxes for corporations should be ways of influence and reducing cost of having the business in the country due to externalities like pollution and influence things like against outsourcing.
I know that if you make more, you pay more, but do those who have   more, not make more, pay higher income tax? In general, no. In most locales, income tax is based on income, not on wealth. I am retired. I have little income but a fair amount of wealth. I play very little income tax. (But I do pay other kinds of taxes.) Here's a scenario. 2 people of average wealth with similar situations   have the same job with equal pay. After 5 years, their situations   haven't changed and they still earn equal pay, but now one has $40,000   in their account and the other $9,000. Does one now pay higher income   tax because he has more in his account or does he pay the same because   he makes the same? In most locales, you pay income tax on everything that is counted as income. Your salary is income. In some cases, earned interest is income.  But aside from the earned interest from your bank accounts, neither the $40,000 nor the $9,000 is income. Your huge mansion isn't income. Your expensive car isn't income. The huge amount of land you own isn't income. The pricey artwork on your walls isn't income. You don't pay income tax on any of these, but your local may impose other taxes on these (such as property tax, etc.) [Note: consult the tax laws of your specific locale if you want to know details.]
Let's start with a definition: A Collar is a protective strategy for a position in the underlying instrument created by purchasing a put and selling a call to partially pay for the put option purchased or vice versa. Based on that definition, there are two different types of collars. Each is a combination of two simpler strategies: References Multi-Leg Options Orders
"Market cap is speculative value, M = P * W, where W is stock (or other way of owning) percentage of ownership, P - price of percentage of ownership. This could include ""outside of exchange"" deals. Some funds could buy ownership percentage directly via partial ownership deal. That ownership is not stock, but fixed-type which has value too. Stock market cap is speculative value, M2 = Q * D, where D is free stocks available freely, Q - price of stock, in other words Quote number (not price of ownership). Many stock types do NOT provide actual percentage of ownership, being just another type of bond with non-fixed coupon and non-fixed price. Though such stocks do not add to company's capitalization after sold to markets, it adds to market capitalization at the moment of selling via initial price."
I have a personal theory that due to Warren Buffett having the entire faith and backing of Wall Street, that it definitely plays into his returns. Look at the mortgage originator he sank money into that was truly a terrible business. A whole lot of Wall Street poured money into it right after as well. I don't think he would be as consistent if he were only buying a handful of shares and couldn't influence the entire price as a whole, but I'm not denying historically he's made a lot of good picks.
SECTION | CONTENT :--|:-- Title | Bitcoin explained real easy.  Raise Your Frequency S1.E1 Description | Bitcoin explained real easy so anyone can understand what it is and how it works..     You decide which system you prefer:   current money system: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9IH-XKQpOI  current money system: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhSIfVyvDdM current money system: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuP2hH0Kpro current money system: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx5Sc3vWefE   Bitcoin: https://medium.com/zapchain-magazine/the-10-best-videos-to-watch-to-learn-about-bitcoin-c34f98f2fed... Length | 0:26:48           ****   ^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&amp;subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
Does the friend fix your electrical wiring and the engine of your car? If you need a professional advice - ask a professional. In this case - an accountant (not necessarily a CPA, but at least an experienced bookkeeper). Financial Statements (official documents, that is) must be signed by a public accountant (CPA in the US) or the principle (you). I wouldn't take chances and would definitely have an accountant do that. You need to consider the asset useful life, and the depreciation. The fact that you use it for non-business purposes may be recorded in various ways. One that comes to mind is accounting as a supplement for depreciation: You depreciate the percentage that is used for business, and record as a distribution to owner the rest (which is accounting for the personal use). This way it would also match the tax reporting (in the US, at least). Bottom line: if you're preparing an official financial statement (that you're going to submit to anyone other than yourself) - get a professional advice.
Secondly, should we pay off his student loans before investing? The subsidized loans won't be gaining any interest until he graduates so I was wondering if we should just pay off the unsubsidized loans and keep the subsidized ones for the next two years? From a purely financial standpoint, if the interest you gain on your savings is higher than the interest of the debt, then no. Otherwise, yes. If we were to keep 5,000 in savings and pay of the 3,000 of unsubsidized loans as I described above, that would leave us with about 15,000 dollars that is just lying around in my savings account. How should I invest this? Would you recommend high risk or low risk investments? I'm not from the US so take my answer with caution, but to me $15,000 seems a minimum safety net. Then again, it depends very much on any external help you can get in case of an emergency.
I'm a plaintiffs attorney in Texas. I've read both sides of the issue and my conclusion is shaded by: when one side speaks, who benefits and what's their motive?  Insurance companies lie and deceive and delay and deny. All day. After September 1 comes and goes, you'll hear nothing more from the insurance side because they've officially beat the clock.
"any major brokerage firm will have something like this. more speculative rumors will typically not make their way to the ""news"" there, though; the news feeds are from established wires, who don't report on those things until confirmed."
Rich people use debt for various reasons. The question should not assume that billionaires don't use debt. They also pay lower interest rates on that debt because they have enough collateral that their debt is safer than a typical mortgage. Many rich people will use interest only mortgages on their primary residences so that they can keep their stock earning at higher growth rates than the mortgage interest that they are paying all while writing off a portion of that mortgage interest on their taxes.  Taking an artificially low salary and receiving equity for the larger portion of compensation is also a tax strategy to limit the amount of taxes owed on that income. If paid directly in stock grants, that will count as income, but if paid in options, then the purchased stock will only be taxed at the lower capital gains rates if the stock is held for a year after the options are exercised. Every billionaire will have complicated tax avoidance strategies that will require multi-year planning for the best long-term minimization of taxes. Debt is a strategic part of that planning. Also consider that a major part of that upscale lifestyle (corporate jets, fancy meals, etc.) is on the company dime because the CEO is always on the clock. As long as he is meeting with business prospects or doing other company business, those expenses will be justified for the corporation and not attributed as income.
"I kind of understand the ""basics"", and have done a couple (with the assistance of pre-made excel sheets haha), I just don't feel that I'm creating an actual valuable valuation when I do one. While on the topic though, do you know where an individual investor can calculate the cost of debt for the WACC? I've been looking on morningstar and search up that public company and take the average of the coupon on all outstanding bonds. I don't feel like that's very correct though :("
Traveller's cheques. That's exactly what they were intended for. Their usage has dropped a lot since everyone can use ATMs in foreign countries, but they still exist.
1% seems to be an equally shaming understatement:  Approximately 39.6% of men and women will be diagnosed with cancer at some point during their lifetimes (based on 2010-2012 data).  https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/understanding/statistics  Of course not all poor people get cancer, but when close to 40% of the total population does, I think it is safe to say allot more than 1 % of the poor do get cancer and many other things that cannot be planned for.
Do you know what you're interested in?  Sounds like you're focused on debt/equities with your certifications and past experience.  Do you want to stay in that field or do you want to try other finance related activities?  The first I cannot comment on and the second may require a pivot of your career (and potential earnings change).    It really depends on if you're generally happy doing what you're doing today or not.
"It's a front; a farce.  It's nearly suicide for a corporation (which relies on voluntary customers) to say they're ""against"" climate change - interpret that statement how you will.  So they say ""*oh yeah, environment, great stuff, we love it, pollution bad, green good - we'll reduce our CO2*"".  So they find some stupid project, reduce their emissions by whatever-% - ya know, throw a couple spare bucks at it, greenwash the shit out of it.  And probably get half those dollars back as a green tax credit anyway.  Meanwhile, their bottom line and day-to-day operations are largely unaffected.  And the costly stuff - MACT compliance, legislation, taxes - the things that make  environmental responsibility *really*  happen - they want no part of that.  So they pay of their politicians to promote that as ""*job killing*"" and quietly let them haggle over details.  Or better yet - stall indefinitely.  So everybody wins.  Kind of."
&gt; Factorys in many places are begging for help at the moment.  I've heard the opposite for most actually. Sure there are some like the one in the article, but if you look around, we have too many applicants for most jobs. We have tons of illegals that take the jobs and automation.  &gt;  It is something though to atleast consider how it affects society because 20 years ago all people could find jobs when now they cannot.  Well, sorry to tell you this, but liberals constantly shoot themselves in the foot with their policies that only screw them.  For example, illegals have taken tons of jobs. Its a liberal thing to allow them and even support them.  High minimum wage has also cut down the number of jobs. There are areas that pay $15/hr or close to it for people that can't read or write their own name. They can't even count to 10 in their own language. So what happens? You cut staff and make each employee do more work.  If they employee is worth $15/hr, I believe in paying it, but its clear these people are not. They wouldn't get laid off or replaced by automation if they were
It's just odd to me these pieces that try to talk up the economy never mention the Fed has $5 trillion in Tbills and Mortgage Backed Securities and still climbing fast. Even if the economy was great now, what do you think happens when they stop buying these bonds? And what if they don't? If the FED has $15 trillion, is that too much? You people never take a stand on either of those two. Edit: spelling
"Your comment to James is telling and can help us lead you in the right direction: My work and lifestyle will be the same either way, as I said.   This is all about how it goes ""on the books.""    [emphasis mine] As an independent consultant myself, when I hear something like ""the work will be the same either way"", I think: ""Here thar be dragons!"".  Let me explain: If you go the independent contractor route, then you better act like one.  The IRS (and the CRA, for Canadians) doesn't take lightly to people claiming to be independent contractors when they operate in fact like employees. Since you're not going to be behaving any different whether you are an employee or a contractor, (and assuming you'll be acting more like an employee, i.e. exclusive, etc.), then the IRS may later make a determination that you are in fact an employee, even if you choose to go ""on the books"" as an independent contractor. If that happens, then you may find yourself retroactively denied many tax benefits you'd have claimed; and owe penalties and interest too.  Furthermore, your employer may be liable for additional withholding taxes, benefits, etc. after such a finding. So for those reasons, you should consider being an employee.  You will avoid the potential headache I outlined above, as well as the additional paperwork etc. of being a contractor. If on the other hand you had said you wanted to maintain some flexibility to moonlight with other clients, build your own product on the side, choose what projects you work on (or don't), maybe hire subcontractors, etc. then I'd have supported the independent contractor idea.  But, just on the basis of the tax characteristics only I'd say forget about it. On the financial side, I can tell you that I wouldn't have become a consultant if not for the ability to make more money in gross terms (i.e. before tax and expenses.)  That is: your top line revenues ought to be higher in order to be able to offset many of the additional expenses you'd incur as an independent.  IMHO, the tax benefits alone  wouldn't make up for the difference. One final thing to look at is Form SS-8 mentioned at the IRS link below.  If you're not sure what status to choose, the IRS can actually help you.  But be prepared to wait... and wait...  :-/ Additional Resources:"
If you break down the math it comes out to a loss to the IRS. Does every Fortune 500 store profits over seas? How much does Comcast store? Because they pay 33% in taxes. Paying 15 comes to a loss for the IRS. These companies are not improving on anything anywhere. Record profits and yet it's not invested back anywhere that helps the citizens. Why would it be invested after they have more money? Apple didn't when they made 30b, 40b, 50b 60b now almost 70b profit after taxes. Why would they if they make 80b?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-10-03/u-s-missile-defense-gets-400-million-as-north-korea-threatens) reduced by 71%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Congressional defense committees have approved shifting more than $400 million from other accounts into missile defense programs to clear the way for more ground-based interceptors, sensors and upgrades to Navy anti-missile vessels in the face of threats led by North Korea.  &gt; The shift of funds reflects a growing determination at the Pentagon and in Congress to bolster missile defenses as North Korea vows to perfect nuclear missiles that can hit the U.S. mainland as well as allies in Asia.  &gt; An additional $8 million is shifted to supplement the $219 million already budgeted to potentially increase the number of interceptors to 64 from the current 44; and $15 million would go to software upgrades to the Boeing-developed floating Sea-Based X-Band radar used to precisely track an intercontinental ballistic missile in mid-flight.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/74loz8/us_missile_defense_gets_400_million_after_north/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~223049 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **million**^#1 **request**^#2 **missile**^#3 **defense**^#4 **shift**^#5"
"I would recommend to draw 25000 from annuity at 10% penalty. Its important to understand that you pay the interest on credit card debt per annum. You pay the penalty on withdrawal from low-yield annuity only once! Imagine that you don't pay your credit card debt for 3 years. It explodes from 25000 to 33116 (more than 8 thousands wasted!)! The average APR of your card debt is (minus for you) 9.82%. That is you pay your penalty each year! I didn't get exactly how your annuity works, but given 1% of ""guaranted"" effective interest, I wouldn't expect much above it. If you want some kind of mixed solution and gain some time, you could first pay off the card debts #2 and #3, then the APR goes down to (minus for you) 7.24, i.e. that of the card debt #1. However, even in this case you should draw money from annuity at penalty, if you can't pay it down in let's say 1.5 years."
What sort of emergency requires payment up front for which 2-3 days processing of a stock sale would pose a problem? In my case, the sudden and unexpected death of my wife. Back in 2011, my wife was struck and killed in a traffic incident. I had to immediately (not in 2 - 3 days) cover 50% of the entire costs of the funeral. The balance was due shortly after, though I now forget if the balance was due in 7 days or in 30. I suspect the latter. The life insurance paid out in approximately 4 months for this simple case. Even if your mortgage is insured, you still have to pay the entire balance, along with living expenses, until the paperwork is resolved. And, again in simple cases, assume this will take months rather than days or weeks. My point is, the funeral is only one of the expenses you'll have to cover in such a situation, though generally you'll have sufficient lead time for the other expenses, where your investments would likely be sufficiently liquid. Yes, a credit card would (and did) help in this situation, but if you have no credit card (as your question poses), you need ready access to thousands of dollars to cover this sort of eventuality. My bank told me that many people in such a situation have to take out an emergency loan the very day their spouse dies. Let me assure you this would be... emotionally difficult. Funerals vary widely in price. The Motley Fool indicates the median cost of a funeral with a vault was $8,343 in 2014. Crematory fees, a headstone, flowers, food, obituaries, all add to this cost. My total cost was closer to three times the median, though some of the expenses (headstone, primarily) came later. I'm sure I could have gone for a cheaper funeral, though it's hard to make rational economic decisions at that sort of time. I don't recall the exact amount I had to put down, but it was somewhere around $6000 - $8000. (No need to leave a comment expressing condolences; thanks, but I've already had plenty and now my goal is to help share knowledge. :) )
If all you look at is the people that can afford houses, then you're just primarily looking at banking policies -- who they will make a loan to, and on what loan terms; which are fairly consistent over time.  FRED's home ownership statistic is calculated as the number of households that are owned; it makes no distinction between a household with a college grad still living with their parents because they can't afford living on their own.  Apartment leases aren't getting cheap either.
Fair enough, do what you want, but the issue is that the physical store is providing you with valuable services that you are taking advantage of (you get to see the shoes before you buy them, try them on, get advice from employees, etc.) without paying for.
Having no debt should be the ultimate goal for every household, IMHO, but at what cost? As an example, I had some clients (before they started working with me) that had outstanding debt when they retired and were gung-ho to pay it off.  They opted to take it out of their retirement accounts.  They didn't set aside enough for taxes which was their first mistake.    After a few years, they now have realized they should not have paid off everything as now they have other medical issues that have arisen and not enough in their retirement accounts to satisfy their monthly requirement.
Note that this is not my site -- I just googled it to get a web-based sha page.  Personally, I just wrote a quick php script that spit out on my own web server:  echo sha1('mypass');  ran it and then checked...   But I agree the info above is relevant - avoid giving out any sensitive information, although just a random password to a random web site isn't super helpful
"You can renounce it whenever you like, however you can't be living within that country and under the umbrella that the country provides otherwise someone is going to say ""you might claim that you are not a citizen, but your actions and physical residence would claim otherwise""..."
In general it's mostly inertia:   There are tons of reasons and they would vary from region to region.
"This question is calling for a somewhat subjective answer. What I would recommend is liquidate now, since it is a stock fund and stocks have performed very well this year, no need to be greedy and hope that they do as well in 2014. Since it is not an enormous amount of money, put it in an interest yielding savings account which unfortunately are all sub 1%. But the key here is since we cannot predict the markets, no investment is going to be ""safer"". You want the 18k to be there when you need it for the down payment. If you invest it in a fund now, you may not be able to get at least 18k at the time you are forcing yourself to liquidate. A good rule for investing is never to have to sell to make a purchase because there is a high probability that you will be selling at a sub-optimal price. Some savings accounts that have slightly higher yields. http://money.cnn.com/2013/10/01/pf/savings-account-yields/"
Congratulations to you and good luck and good health with the baby. I had a friend in a similar situation, and I told him that he could do quite well by putting out the word to an upper-middle-class neighborhood that he was available to setup routers, home networks, etc.  I suggested that he could start at a low enough wage that people would see the beneficial tradeoff to having him come over for a few hours versus doing it themselves. After a few months, he hired someone to take the extra work he was receiving, and directed the more routine requests his employee.  He had a full-time job plus all the extra work he wanted.  Most people who hire him simply want someone they would trust in their home, and his service spread by word-of-mouth.  He also got to meet many people who liked him and were impressed by his work ethic, resulting in many good connections if he ever wanted to pursue other employment. My friend was an IT professional, the best support person at our tech-heavy firm, so he wasn't giving his time away.  He did enjoy doing it, and he did enjoy the extra money.  On an hourly basis, especially once he added the assistant, he was making more on the side than he did at his job.  However, I believe he did start lower than that. Good luck!
"netting means to combine cash inflows and outflows (e.g. debits/credits, payments/receipts, income/expense) by subtracting the sum of all outflows from the sum of all inflows, creating one transaction.   For example, if you make two trades in one day with your broker - one to buy a security for $100 and one to sell it for $110 - rather then you sending your broker $100 and them sending you $110, the transactions are ""netted"" - meaning they will send you the ""net"" amount of $10 ($110 inflow - $100 outflow). In a more general sense (""netting of instructions"") it would mean to combine all instructions and only apply the ""net"" effect - e.g. one step forward, two steps back would combine to a ""net"" one step back.  Most likely it will apply to the exchange of money, but it could be applied more broadly. Note that there doesn't have to be both inflows and outflows. You can also ""net"" multiple inflows (or outflows) into one transaction by just adding them all up, but typical business usage is to reduce the number of transactions by combining inflows and outflows."
They do not try to force sales and are not driven by them either. They truly essentially need clients to be informed enough to make their own choice and eventually to be happy with their decision. Though you visit the shop of electric bike in Canterbury you will probably be welcomed with a hearty hello from the friendly team and expeditiously offered some tea.
"How is this anticompetitive? You're welcome to buy goods from someone other than Amazon, Amazon isnt colluding with other vendors to do the same, or sell at the same price...   If Amazon decided tomorrow ""I dont want to carry this Disney shit"" I dont see how thats anti-competitive. Amazon has a strong negotiating position however."
Hello, feel free to remove this if it doesn't belong here. I am a journalist and I am looking to get more involved in tech and finance related things, so this is where I am starting. **What are some finance-related stories that you believe are not being covered in the news well enough?**
"[Netflix is targeting 50% in-house content ""within the next few years.""](http://variety.com/2016/digital/news/netflix-50-percent-content-original-programming-cfo-1201865902/)  It says right now it is about 1/3 of the way there which - to me - works out to about 16.5%.  So maybe ""rarely"" wasn't the right word, but a large majority of the content it streams is not in-house."
Don't worry! Once we get those for profit prisons up and running Americans will have no problem finding jobs. Just expand what counts as illegal, crack down on illegal activity, and millions upon millions of Americans will be employed. At $.50/hr.  And the added bonus is that we'll be able to compete with third-world labor!  Who says there isn't a plan to make America competitive on the world labor market?  ... now if you'll excuse me I'm going to go bury  my tinfoil hat. It's scaring me.
This might be a question better suited for r/askeconomics or just r/economics. Ben Bernanke is an excellent source on the Great Depression, however, and he's very good if you want to understand these crises from an economic point of view.
Different rates. What the BoE is conducting is known as Quantitative Easing, which is a form of monetary policy avalable to central banks whenever interest rates are already too close to zero or at zero (just like in the UK). In this case, the central banks hopes to influence longer-term rates, rather than just short-term rates. It is useful to remember that the rate central banks announce is a short-term rate used for interbank lending.
FINRA lets you view recent trades, but as stated in the other answer bonds are illiquid and often do not trade frequently. Therefore recent trades prices are only a rough estimate of the current price that would be accepted. http://finra-markets.morningstar.com/BondCenter/Default.jsp
"Well, all of the previous answers already mentioned the upcoming scam and danger situation for your financial position. I thoroughly read all answers and wanted to add a few more lines on it. Cort Ammon) already shows details of it. Any kind of financial transaction involving a complete stranger is the first big scam tag that shows up and this should always 'Never Fall In' type situation. If you open a new bank account or give away any existing bank account to this lady, other than just losing some amount, you might pay earlier than clearing checks you deposited on behalf of your 'stranger' partner. Depending on their target/plan/experience with your bank account they can make you a victim of a bigger crime. There is a full length of scam plans, like sending you false checks to deposit and ask you withdrew money to send them back to even having very big incoming transaction to your account sitting idle on your account which might originate from a crime beyond the financial domain. You can try to be smart, thinking in mind, well, let them send some, I will never send them back before bank declare the deposited checks got horned and clear (and send back the amount after keeping your share). But, still you will face problems later. Even if your account fills up with real money and after confirming with bank you find it OK and never return them (scam a scammer). Still you will not have any valid authority or answer describing how/why you got this money if someone ask you later. Depending on scammer's ability, they might even give you control over fund to spend for your own (to gain some trust from your part). On this type of scam it is a sign of an even bigger danger. I live such a country, Bangladesh, from where recently they successfully transferred out around US$10 millions using a bank account of an outsider like you keeping in between source of money and final unknown destination. The result is the owner / operator of those accounts used for these transfers are now under law enforcement pressure, not only just to find out where ultimately money has gone, but for sure they will face some degree of charge for helping transfer of illegal money overseas"". For someone who is not part of a full scam chain it is a big deal. It might ruin their life forever. To be on the safe side, and help protect others from falling on the same type of problem you may contact your local law enforcement agency. Depending on the situation, they might be interested to run a sting operation using your information and support to catch and stop the crime going to happen soon or later. I would give a rare chance of 2% legitimate reason for anyone to use a third-party bank account to pay some other living either different country (still it is not legal, but a lower-type crime). But obviously they will not ask randomly over the Internet/social network sites. In your case this is a real scam. Be careful and stay safe; Good Luck."
"&gt; The article is dead on that cable is grossly overpriced.  Cable isn't grossly overpriced. If it were, more people would be canceling their subscriptions, and/or the cable/fiber/dish networks would be offering discounted *à la carte* plans to steal subscribers.  I would pay what I pay now to get what I watch now. That's true of most people or they'd stop subscribing.  *À la carte* isn't popular with the cable companies not because they'd have to charge less, but because it would artificially limit their window into your living room (obviously they *can* technically provide you with hundreds of channels, since they do today). Take AMC, for example, which has gone from a third or fourth tier channel to at worst a second tier channel on the strength of *Mad Men*, *Breaking Bad*, etc. How much would the audience of those shows have been limited (and thus your cable company's ability to sell ads been limited) if people had to call up to add $4/month to their bill rather than just flip the channel when they heard about a cool new show?  Even in a purely ""on demand"" world, how do you build a show's brand? Offer the first four episodes for free, then start charging? That's a big cliff to fall off.  I can assure you that when we are living in an on demand world, you'll be paying at least what you're paying now. My guess is that around the time Apple gets into the TV business, your cable plan will become a ""smart TV"" plan, with a unified data/video cost, just like your smartphone plan. Then the cable companies won't care so much where you're getting your content, whether it's traditional channels or streaming."
"He's never called DJ Skrillex. The headline is using DJ for context as in ""the artist skrillex"" or ""the musician skrillex"". And judge for yourself how insightful the research seems but this does not argue in its favor one way or the other."
"My experience is in economics, so it may differ from an accounting or personal finance perspective somewhat; that being said, I find it perfectly acceptable to use a term like CAGR when the rate is positive or negative. Economists talk about negative growth rates all the time, and it's universally assumed that growth rates can be positive or negative.1 Ideally, the actual magnitude and sign of the value should be specified by the value itself. The term, whether it's ""growth rate"", some modified version of it like CAGR, or any label in a table or on a graph, should describe the calculation or source used obtain the value. I shouldn't need the name to indicate the sign of the number if the number is present; the name is only there to help me understand the value. Unfortunately, I don't know of any specific term that represents the geometric averaging nature of CAGR and also eliminates the minor potential for semantic confusion. However, I think the minor problem of semantics needs to be balanced against the tradeoff of using a different term that isn't as common, if one were to exist. CAGR is a standard, well-known term that a) allows someone who is familiar with the term to instantly understand the procedure you're using, and b) allow someone who isn't familiar with it to quickly search and find an explanation, since searching for CAGR will numerous simple explanations of how it's calculated. 1. This is different from the concept of economic growth, which is usually assumed to be positive in informal discussions. In economic modeling, many of the first steps in creating a model are symbolic anyway, so ""growth rate,"", ""change in output"", and ""economic growth"" are used interchangeably to describe changes in GDP because the values either aren't known, irrelevant until later in the project, or pulled from data that describes it using one or several of the previously stated terms."
So, they get taxpayer money and a bunch of assistance to research and make the vaccine, but then get free latitude to price it at whatever they like when much of the initial investment cost has been subsidized? **And** they get a monopoly on its sale? I am *so sure* they are going to price it fairly...
"Let's separate ""rich"" from ""entrepreneurs.""  Not all entrepreneurs are rich and yes, people will stop doing something with the risk/reward is too high.  Expecting people's behaviors to NOT change when diminishing their rewards is ignoring the facts.  Entrepreneurs that like to invent will simply do it elsewhere."
"I would not concede your money to your dad IF he is really wronging you - and we need much more detail to tell.  This is the first lesson in life that actually following up on ""wrong"" things will save you thousands of dollars throughout your adulthood.  It is really easy to turn the other way and be out a few thousand dollars.  Then the hospital overbills you and you let it go and so on.  Follow up, it is your money. The laws behind this are pretty cut and dry.  Basically if you put money into one account and only your money was touching the account then it is your money.  As a minor this is an expectation and once your turn 18 in the US you have a right to your money.  That is given that the money was in the account at 18. So if your dad truly did not touch the account and withdraw the money before you turned 18, it is cut and dry.  If your dad took money out before 18 or added his own money to the account it gets rather fuzzy since it is easy for dad to say that I took money out for your expenses. As for this being ""nuclear"" as keshlam suggests - he is right.  His advice is fine but sets you up for people taking advantage of your throughout your life, especially your family.  In fact the situation is already nuclear but you were the only thing the bomb hit.   So talk to your dad.  Explain that you will have to go and file a small claims trial if he does not agree to give you the money.  If your situation is already over the top I would bring the paperwork with you filled out.  (a person at your local clerk's office will help you find the right forms) You on the other hand better weigh this conversation.  We ""internet peoples"" are only hearing one side of the story.  We do not understand your situation at your home.  We don't understand who pays for your car, gas, clothes, and room and board.  You are 18, so there is no obligation for parents to pay for these things.   If I had an 18 year old that had 3K in the bank under my name and they hadn't helped around the house in a year, didn't buy their car, had a poor attitude, and so on I would probably have the same action as your dad.  Yea it's ""your money"" but is it really?  When I was 18 I bought ALL my clothes, bought my car, bought my gas/insurance, and so on.  I paid for my toothpaste.  If this is where you are at and you help out around the house like an adult would then you have solid ground to stand on. If not... I would laugh if I were your dad.  My first thought would be you want your money, that is fine.  But you are paying rent.  Car is gone, get your own.  You would be paying for everything.  But you would have ""your money"".  So you have some pros and cons to weigh here and taking the money could cost you a TON of money in the future.  However if your dad is just being a pure jerk (I kind of doubt this but who knows) then you have an obligation to fight for what is yours. (Note that the end goal of any meeting like this in your life shouldn't be court.  It should be an agreement so that the right action is taken and both parties are happy.  It could be very well that your dad would be happy with something that has nothing to do with the money.  Also there are people with really really bad situations at their homes.  A controlling parent is a pretty good ""bad"" situation and an easy one to solve at 18 - move out.  If you don't want to move out then accept your family members, not complain about them.  No matter how controlling your dad is your question spews of ungrateful teenager.  I am sure you aren't that bad and I am sure your dad isn't that bad.) (And another note:  In no way, shape, or form am I suggesting you drop the money issue.  There is nothing worse than not talking about it even if you think your dad will kick you out of the house.  Resentment building up in yourself or family is the worst possible thing.  This needs to be dealt with.)"
amen to that , too big too fail should have never even been pronounced.  But again, some people are at fault, if people went to credit unions instead of banks in drove, banks would be forced to change their way at some point. Even get smaller instead of bigger to better serve the community its in...not so long ago you , you could have a loan at a local bank for your small business, nowadays with no collateral, you get squat. there is no risk to the lenders, and they manage to still fuck up ~!
I think the issue would be that Wachovia/Wells Fargo who converted the Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA has told the IRS that you did the conversion, and so the IRS will want taxes on  the money that came out of the Traditional IRA. You need to get Wells Fargo to issue a corrected 1099-R saying that it was a Roth to Roth roll-over, and possibly get a corrected 5498 for 2011 showing that the Wachovia Roth was converted to a Wells Fargo Roth. Else, the IRS might want an excise tax for a premature withdrawal from your Wachovia Roth, and assess penalties for excess contributions to a Traditional IRA in 2011 when the erroneous conversion was made, because to them it might look like you withdrew money from a Roth IRA, and made an excessive contribution to a Traditional IRA.
telephone voip call Hello dear, i have good quality Mobile and pc dialer.We have Nine Canadian &amp; UK dialer with highest voice. you can use all dialer in same account. if you like good quality service, please contact with us. Looking for Reseller. India mobile——–2200 mins Bangladesh Mobile–800 mins Pakistan Mobile—- 800/1450 mins Price=29$/107AED/ 11.1348 Omr/ 109 SAR/1380 Rupee/2100 taka If you don’t like that packages then We will create card as your demand. Or we will give to you reseller panel then you can create card as you like.   Thanks and Regards Masum salestalkdialer@gmail.com mobiledialer788@yahoo.com Mobile: 08801711062213
Good idea to stay only with VTI if you are 30. For 50, I recommend: 65% VTI 15% VOO 10% VXUS 10% BND
"I don't work for the PO.. but i'm a client. This issue is the last straw for me with what's happened to the US and A.  Read the constitution people  [**Article I, Section 8, Clause 7**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postal_Clause) of the United States Constitution, known as the Postal Clause or the Postal Power, empowers Congress ""To establish Post Offices and post Roads"". I mean WTF? its in the goddam Constitution.. its not some sort of half-assed law that was passed to test kids, or make pizza a fucking vegetable. The founding fathers put this in there on purpose.  the post office has an awesome responsibility to provide a communication system for the *entire* country and overseas possessions. you can send a letter to Anchorage Alaska, Lubbock Texas, Shitsville California, Boondocks Maine or Guam.. yes you can send a letter to goddamn Guam at 1st class rate (ZIP code range: 96910–96932 for no extra charge). The PO has got army's of trucks and personell that get the mail out pretty much all the time. yeah shit happens, weather, disasters, etc maybe you run into some asshole at the PO but hey.. my mom tells me there's a dick in every crowd. I don't take it personal. IMHO Truth of the matter is that if we could provide healthcare like we provide mailing services, shit.. this country would be 1st tier again.  But does FedEx, UPS, DHL, etc? do that? do they have a facility in nearly every major population center? Does FedEx, UPS, DHL etc have offices that *they operate* in every town? hell no. They even use PO services for things that are not economically viable.  The establishment of the Post Office enabled the nation to grow. Rural Free Delivery sparked Sears, Montgomery Ward etc an entire retail industry. The Rail Post which was way more efficient than trucking and was used as an organizational model for Ma Bell (that's right the exec who organized Ma Bell into a powerhouse was a former Railway Post Employee).  The Republican Congress (and Blue-dog Democrats too) are killing this National Asset. The Post Office is essential to the basic components of our society. Its bullshit that electronic mail etc is making this form of communication obsolete. Much like the paperless office --paper is still needed. The Service needs to be capable and free to move with the market, not what some asshole Senator/Rep who's on the take from AEI or  Grover Norquist etc. How would they be able to recruit new members anyway without their stupid solicitation *""junk""* mail? You can't delete a piece of junkmail with a click.. you actually have to touch it. Why do you think business still make goddam catalogs. Victoria's secret must have an entire forest dedicated to theirs'.  This is also a thinly veiled attack on Veterans. US veterans get preferential status when taking the postal exam, yes exam. That guy or gal behind the counter might just have taken a bullet for this pathetic excuse for a country. He or she was repaid by getting a few extra points so that he/she could potentially get a decent paying job with promotional potential, you know not be fucking homeless. WTF is wrong with that? Gee i think i know why the number of homeless veterans has increased in the past 10 years. You become a career post office employee by taking an exam. And what's wrong with being a Career Postal Employee? A Letter Carrier, A Postmaster? WTF do we look down upon these careers.. My kids watch Sprout and PBS kids programs and guess who brings goddam birthday cards? It aint the goddam FedEx, UPS, or DHL man. These are careers and individuals that are pillars of our society. You meet people at the post office, you interact with other citizens, and the Post Office in your Town give your Town legitimacy!   Its really sad..   TL:DR  **What Congress is allowing to happen to the Postal Service is a fucking crime!**"
It stopped the flood of Apple lawsuits by filing Google's pocket with a huge pile of patents.  Basically created an uneasy Mutually Assured Destruction situation with regards to patent lawsuits.  So, not a whole lot of direct shareholder value, but it allowed Google to stay in the market without having to constantly defend itself from lawsuits for dumb things like rounded corners on a phone.
It is a necessary process to inspect the building. If you want to buy a building in future, then you should search a good experienced team, that's done professional work. As you know, today so many problems are creating. We perform by a good  inspector, the Assured Building Inspections are the most and  regulatory building inspection safety agency, which is available in your city. We are responsible for overseeing the most effective and efficient services. It's also known as Australia's largest  pre purchase building inspections Newcastle NSW. Building inspectors impact the making plans and creation levels of initiatives and investigate compliance with constructing codes.
In the UK we give small businesses the option not to charge sales tax and as a business owner I can see a parallel.  Then I think about it from the perspective of a black, career-focused woman who happens to be put in front of a racist HR manager who thinks all women are baby factories and I realise it's not the right solution at all.
Brilliant idea, because hiding the data always works so well.  What does she think is going to happen when the data is finally leaked?    It will be far worse than if they had released the data with a commitment to correct the situation.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-27/libor-to-end-in-2021-as-fca-says-bank-benchmark-is-untenable-j5m5fepe) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The 58-year-old Bailey said the market supporting Libor - where banks provide each other with unsecured lending - was no longer &amp;quot;Sufficiently active&amp;quot; to determine a reliable rate and alternatives must be found.  &gt; The FCA has spoken to the panel banks over recent months about ending the use of Libor and how much time it would take to wind-down, Bailey said.  &gt; The central bank said in April that a swaps-industry working group had proposed replacing Libor in contracts with the Sterling Overnight Index Average, or Sonia, a near risk-free alternative derivatives reference rate that reflects bank and building societies&amp;#039; overnight funding rates in the sterling unsecured market.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6q00cb/libor_funeral_set_for_2021_as_fca_abandons/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~177344 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **bank**^#1 **rate**^#2 **Libor**^#3 **Bailey**^#4 **benchmark**^#5"
"Taxing wealth is an easy idea, but I don't think it can ever work. Wealth is too easily hidden, transformed, or revalued. Taxing actual cash flows works because two parties have to declare it. Taxing wealth would cause huge conflicts as to how wealth is measured. That said, I'm a big fan of the idea that the estate tax should be massively increased, and would only involve a single evaluation per taxpayer, rather than every year. Taxing more measurable forms of wealth, like stocks, would cause wealth to flow from stocks into property, which would then be valued as low as possible, causing a general market crash and another great depression.  I'm most curious about a Georgian tax scheme, which is where taxes are levied on un-improved property. Per wikipedia: ""Georgism, based on the belief that people should own the value they produce themselves, but that the economic value derived from land (including natural resources) should belong equally to all members of society.""   So most taxes in society would be generated by those who owned property as a speculation and didn't invest in it. Incentives would be to make all property held privately be as economically productive as possible."
It's interesting that legacy manufacturing practices are now becoming important.  How long until we see a lot of the traditional industrial control world get involved in the cannabis business?  I can't wait to see Eaton and Siemens spin up their marijuana divisions.
&gt;ovarian lottery  It's not a lottery. That's offensive! I am sure your mother was choosing her husband (your future father) very carefully. And so did your grandmothers, and the generations before them.   You exist because there's is an entire unbroken chain of your ancestors, each carefully (hopefully) choosing their partners, and each working hard to let the next generation survive.
See, now you are confusing me. Is it one day or 4 years? :P  It's cool. I'm just giving you a hard time. I'll be honest, I'm scared to death that my 401k is going to tank worse than 2008. Overall, I think the trends for the stock market are positive, but there are points where it hurts. I know my dad is close to retiring and he still hasn't recovered from 08.
و Halal2020 توفر لعملائها منصة محلية ودية للمستهلكين لشراء الحيوانات على الانترنت وبيع والتجارة.يمكن للمستخدمين من جميع أنحاء دبي وضع الإعلانات المبوبة مجانا المتعلقة الصقور للبيع. المزيد والمزيد من الأفراد يبحثون عن الصقور في السوق كل يوم ولكنها ليست بسيطة كما كنت تعتقد أن تجد الصقور في السوق أو في الشارع. صقور للبيع  ولكن من الأهمية بمكان أصحابها يدركون أن ليس كل شيء، ما نعتبره يعامل، هي آمنة لأصدقائنا الخيول. فمن خال تماما لنشر الإعلانات المبوبة على هذا الموقع المتعلقة الطيور دبي للبيع الإعلانات المبوبة.
You must file an FBAR when doing your taxes.
"College courses focus mainly on theory. In the real world you'll need to learn the tools to gather and analyze the data.  For the most part what is taught in college is pretty worthless. I remember my database class in business school was about ""database theory"". Is was a complete waste of time and money. Didn't learn a single useful thing.  Learning these hands on things will put you ahead of 95% of your peers.  SQL is the coding language used in data bases  R is used for statistical analysis   OBIEE is a reporting tool that can link to data bases then report the data  Tableau another reporting tool the is more visual than OBIEE  None of the things are difficult to learn. So don't be intimidated.   TLDR I learned more by spending $100 on udemy then in college."
The reciprocity agreement in the Washington DC area means that you only pay income taxes where you live, not where you work. Because you live in Maryland you only need to pay income taxes to Maryland. You need to do the following things. Line 3. If you are not subject to Virginia withholding, check the box   on this line. You are not subject to withholding if you meet any one   of the conditions listed below. Form VA-4 must be filed with your   employer for each calendar year for which you claim exemption from   Virginia withholding.  (a) You had no liability for Virginia income tax   last year and you do not expect to have any liability for this year. ... (d) You are a domiciliary or legal resident of   Maryland, Pennsylvania or West Virginia whose only Virginia source   income is from salaries and wages and such salaries and wages are   subject to income taxation by your state of domicile. My company has its only office in Maryland, and conducts all of its   business there. Several of our employees are Virginia residents who   commute to work on a daily basis. Are we required to withhold Virginia   income tax from their wages? No. Because your company is not paying wages to employees for services   performed in Virginia, you are not required to withhold Virginia tax.   If you would like to withhold the tax as a courtesy to your employees,   you may register for a Virginia withholding tax account online or by   submitting a Registration Application. Additional withholding per pay period under agreement with employer.   If you are not having enough tax withheld, you may ask your employer   to withhold more by entering an additional amount on line 2.
If Bigot Bobby's Bar refuses to serve, say Jews, NO ONE LOSES ANY NATURAL RIGHTS.  No one is harmed thereby.  When Bigot Bobby is FORCED to serve anyone against his will, HIS natural rights to property, privacy, and association are violated.  If you don't think so, then why don't you insist on equality rules for private dinner parties or club membership?  By your reasoning, churches ought to be forced to do things on direct violation of their beliefs.  Oh, wait, Obama has already done that...  Yours is a digusting worldview based on force.
"It really depends a lot on you and how much time you are putting into it. Since you're saying you want your money to work for you I'm going to assume you want as little hassle as possible. A few general tips: Save a fixed percentage of your monthly income Don't try to save ""whenever you have money left over"", you will just end up spending it somehow. Invest long term - don't trade Don't try to beat the market - it will just take up too much time and statistically you will end up making less. Hedge If you invest in the company/industry you work in, you will be double screwed if the sector drops (lose job + savings at the same time). Optimally you should invest in something that will benefit when the company you work for is doing bad. Pay off high interest debt Usually debt will have a higher interest than any safe investment you can make. Spend money to save/make money Sometimes the best investment you can make is on stuff that will save you money in the long run. Like buy an apartment close to work (less transport costs) or get a more expensive car that will save you money on gas, insurance etc."
I don't believe in letting the tax tail wag the investing dog. You have a stock you no longer wish to hold for whatever reason? Sell it. But to sell a loser, hoping it doesn't rise by the time you wish to re-buy it in 30 days is folly.  This effort may gain you $50 if done right. No, it's not worth it either way.
"&gt;I, for one, look forward to being able to sue the state.  You don't know what investor state is.   Are you [one of these 75,000 corporations](http://www.citizen.org/TAFTA-investment-map) or are you a country?   If you're not, you don't exist to the FTAs.   They were designed to make swift work of your ""rights""."
I'd value your business at about $70k. $20k inventory, $50k in yearly sales.   You have a good margin, but your growth went from 300% in 2016 to almost flat this year. What happened? How are you using the $25k in profit?
"Creating a better interface is simply not difficult.  For users of Windows on desktop machines, it really wouldn't be that difficult to ditch some of the screen-saving efforts that are deliberately aimed at tiny handheld devices--or at least provide options to do so.  Desktop monitors are now larger/cheaper than ever--why pander to a small-screen environment when the result forces users to learn a new interface that frankly doesn't even benefit them?  I agree Microsoft needs to address the handheld/tablet niche, but they don't need to force everyone into their daffy interface when they don't benefit from it.  Plus, as recw has said, the interface is split, with several sets of data files (like IE bookmarks).  Same with the skype interface, same with the tiled interface for email which may or may not include your local/cloud installation of Outlook, plus ""Email"", plus online access for email.  It confuses the hell out of the Boomers I work with, and that confusion is not necessarily the Boomers' fault--the interface was changed for the sake of change and they cannot realize any benefit from it on their laptops/desktops.  Some versions of Windows 8 come on hardware that doesn't even have touch-screens!  Stupid."
Here are the events, trade fairs, and Expos which take place in August 2017 in Vietnam. Let's watch and keep up with the business pace. _________________________________________________________________  TRADE FAIR &amp; EXPO* is a service package designed for companies who come to Vietnam to attend Fair and Expo to promote their products as well as look for customers. These are the services we offer our customers:  1. Event Registration and Booth Setup 2. Sales Supporters and Interpreters 3. Post-event Report and Contact Lists. * Entry Visa, Hotel Booking, and Car Rental are included __________________________________________________________________ For more details about how we are helping business, please feel free to contact us at:   • Hotline: +84933665346  • Email: vnbusinesstrip@gmail.com • Telephone: +84 839 453 999 • Website: www.vietnambusinesstrip.com
I contend that there is great value in over-paying during the year and reaping a bigger refund.  I'm an engineer and understand the concept interest earned, blah blah. But for most of us, this isn't reality. The reality is that we spend what we earn, plus a little more.  At the end of each month, if the typical American has money left over - we spend it. We don't faithfully put that money that we would have payed into taxes to good use (such as savings or paying off that credit card).  Getting that big refund at the end of the year tends encourage us to make that one-time large payment to that high interest account, or to purchase that item that we otherwise wouldn't have saved for (or purchased with a credit card).  I say, give Uncle Sam the free interest - you'll have wasted that money during the year anyway - and enjoy a nice healthy refund that you can put to use for something you enjoy.  Life is just too short.  [Edit] For the nose snubbers that can't think beyond the possibility of a different perspective: Link1 Huff Post SteveJ
"While Googling answers for a similar personal dilemma I found Mvelopes. I already have a budget but was looking for a digital way for my husband and I to track our purchases so we know when we've ""used the envelope"". It's a free app."
&gt;These companies and others, including software developer GalaxE.Solutions Inc., say some complex functions, such as human-resources and software development, are better to have closer to their own operations and to respond to customers. Indian outsourcing companies are finding it tougher to get visas for workers brought from India, and some U.S. businesses want to outsource -- yet keep jobs in the country. State tax breaks also provide incentives to hire locally.   I stop reading after that. Outsource, Offshore, In-source...whatever the next fad buzz word that upper management can dream up is all about the bottom line. It's about the money!
In addition to the difference pointed out by Dheer (see also this Wikipedia link), another meaning is that Private Bankers are those people on the bank staff who deal with personal accounts and people who wish to deposit money in the bank, while the people who use the deposits to loan money to businesses, underwrite bond issues etc are called Investment Bankers or sometimes Merchant Bankers since these staff members deal primarily with merchants, or invest the bank's deposits in various ways.
"**Here's a sneak peek of /r/RedditCensorship using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditCensorship/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!**  \#1: [Three mods were removed by admins from The_Donald](https://np.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6c7oss/first_universities_then_the_internet_then_they/) | [269 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditCensorship/comments/6c7rk4/three_mods_were_removed_by_admins_from_the_donald/)   \#2: [Reddit has removed their blog post identifying Eglin Air Force Base as the most reddit-addicted ""city"" - Eglin is often cited as the source of some government social-media propaganda/astroturfing programs • /r/Blackout2015](https://np.reddit.com/r/Blackout2015/comments/4ylml3/reddit_has_removed_their_blog_post_identifying/) | [1 comment](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditCensorship/comments/4yly07/reddit_has_removed_their_blog_post_identifying/)   \#3: [reddit is developing a site-wide filter to remove offensive content](https://np.reddit.com/r/ModSupport/comments/658cu2/my_sidebar_is_being_incorrectly_flagged_as/) | [4 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditCensorship/comments/65bj9j/reddit_is_developing_a_sitewide_filter_to_remove/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)"
Depending on how tech savvy your client is you could potentially use bitcoin. There is some take of indian regulators stopping bitcoin exchanges, meaning it might be hard to get your money out in your local country but the lack of fees to transfer and not getting killed on the exchange rate every time has a huge impact, especially if your individual transaction sizes are not huge.
"&gt;""Also, the social network is testing ways to allow those under 13, currently prohibited, to participate with parental supervision."" Which seems (from a cynical perspective anyway) to be a sign that they are potentially getting ""desperate"" to maintain the purported ""growth"" in number of users.  Exactly what I thought when I read about this in this week's businessweek. That is a huge call of desperation."
I've been thinking about this.  Here's what I came up with.  Please let me know what you think.    1. The whole world is on a FIAT money system.  The central banks were all easing together in a coordinated way.  So currencies remain relatively stable relative to each other.... Also, the price of goods isn't rising nearly as quickly as the money supply is being expanded because:   2. The growth of the internet/globalization are deflationary because skilled people in 'poor' countries have access to the global marketplace and are willing to produce far more per dollar than 'rich' country citizens.  3. The growth of inequality is deflationary.  As wealth concentrates at the top, there are fewer and fewer customers who can afford the products/services that are being mass produced.  So there's a mismatch between high supply and low demand.  4. A poor/slow economy (low spending, debt defaults and business/personal bankruptcy) is deflationary.  We treat credit as money, and when debt is wiped out so is the credit that we were accounting for in the money supply.  5. The money created over the last 10 years or so hasn't had a chance to 'trickle-down yet'... it's still tied up in financial market instruments (stocks, bonds, ETFs, etc.) held by, mostly, institutional investors until the next big bubble bursts.   So, there are many deflationary forces to balance out against the money creation.
Keep it simple, there is a good comparison site where you plug in how much money you want to send, and it tells you what all the major providers will end up giving you in Euros on the other end. Lots of the 'free' services give you a shit exchange rate. GBP->EUR is very competitive so when you go with non-banks you can pay very little (down to 0.1% in exchange rate differences). https://www.fxcompared.com/ is one such site. I plugged in sending 10,000 GBP to Spain, and TorFX came out best with you (at this moment in time) receiving 12,547 euros.
With interest rates as low as they are, you could lock in to a very low rate for 30 years. If rates are higher in, say, 10 years, you could conceivably be earning a much higher rate on the money you're not putting towards monthly payments. All else equal, the payments will be lower on a 30y than they will be on a 10y, so you'll have more cash for other things. But I'm just looking for downsides -- being paid off in 10 years versus 30 sounds nice to me.
"All very true.  Keep in mind that the parents of the boomers saw it all coming first and took full advantage of the opportunities.  In 1972 the rent prices just plain exploded, just in time for all those 20 something boomers who were leaving home. Those rents ""bid up"" housing prices.  I bought an old house in 1972, on rent with option to buy or contract for deed, same thing, for $10,900.00 and sold it for $17k in 77.  I would expect to see more ""rent with option to buy/contract for deed"" sales when the flipper crowd realizes they need to address the fact that buyers can be found without using banks."
I learned something new, I always thought it was the camery being number selling vehicle. Why not other trucks? Why is f150 so popular by that far?   Even with this kind of sales number they still needed bailout, surprised. I guess I don't know business costs.
"Staying single can be a better bet for women, though, many of whom appreciate having more flexibility in terms of how to structure their personal lives than they did several decades ago. Sociology professor Pepper Schwartz writes, Women now have choices that allow them to customize the arc of their lives and some of them find that it is best for them to put marriage aside."" Husbands who are ""nonworking, noninvolved,"" she points out, can be ""useless."" Schwartz concludes that, now that they generally have economic and cultural freedom, women no longer are willing to settle: ""While most women still want marriage, they don't want it at just any price. They don't want it if it scuttles their dreams."" ""  Thank god they think like that. I don't want to marry women who see men in that light smh"
What I'm seeing in US cities now reminds me of Europe: wealthier people living in walkable city neighborhoods, forcing the poor out to the 'burbs.   The one, big catch is schools. In the US, urban living for families with kids often means a choice between bad schools or costly private schools, while some suburban public school districts offer both high quality and low cost. That's what locks so many families into the two-cars-and a-minivan life.
2 very viable options.  Real Estate is cheap now and if you hold a few properties for the long term the price should rise.  You can use them as rental properties to supplement your income.  In addition agriculture is also very viable.  How else you gunna feed 7 billion?  Might as well cash in on that.
I have a Albertan corporation and my accountant set up my shares and options for free.   1. Get a NUANS repot.  2. Go to a registry office and get the incorporation paperwork 3. Get an accountant to help you fill out that paperwork for free (they assume you will do your accounting with them after the fact) 4. Go back to a registry office and register the corporation  5. Go have a beer you'  re new company   6. go get a bank account.  7. Get to work
"An opinion piece, written to read like a factual article. My opinion is, a bigger phone would, to me, be far better. I have no problem fitting a Galaxy Note 3 into my pocket, and, while I had to learn a modified grip style, had no trouble reaching every corner of that whole screen with my thumb.  I remember, back in 1991, my company was delivering and installing brand new computers into an office, and there was this older lady standing in the way of the dolly waving a 2.5"" floppy disk (from those old typewriters with a single LCD panel) screaming, ""What is wrong with you people! This is all we need! This is stupid!"" Etc.  After about an hour of taking this, and weaving around her increasingly shrill presence, one of her coworkers pulled her away, saying, ""Margaret, get out of the way of progress."""
1) Don't trade individual stocks. You expose yourself to unnecessary risk. 2) Pick a fund with low expenses that pays a dividend. Reinvest the dividend back into the fund.  To quote Einstein: The greatest power on earth is compound interest.  Something is wrong with the software of the site. It will not allow me to answer mark with another comment. So I have to edit this answer to be able to answer him.  @mark No, I am not hoping the price will go up. The price is only relevant in comparison to the dividend. It is the dividend that is important, not the price. The price is irrelevant if you never sell. Dividend paying securities are what you buy and hold. Then you reinvest the dividend and buy more of the security. As I am buying the security with the dividend I am actually pleasantly surprised when the price goes down. When the price goes down, but the dividend remains the same, I am able to buy more shares of the security withwith that dividend. So if the price goes down, and the dividend remains the same, it is a good thing.  Again, the site will not allow me to add another comment. @mark I profit from my investment, without selling, by receiving the dividend. I used to be a speculator, trying to get ahead of the market by 'buy low, sell high' but all that did was make money for the broker. I lost as much as I gained trying to do that. The broker made money on each transaction, regardless if I did or not. It took me decades to learn the lesson that 'buy and hold' of dividend paying securities is the way to go. Don't make my mistake. I now get, at least, 5.5% yeald on my investment (look at PGF, which forms the backbone of my investments). That is almost 0.5% per month. Each month that dividend is reinvested into PGF, with no commission. You can't beat that with a stick.
"0% is too low, 100% is too high. There is some optimal number between the two where we get good economic growth without being overly punishing to billionaires (unless you want to just take everything from them and are pro-dictatorship and are ok with both Obama and Trump deciding what to do with 100% of your money). If we're under that optimal number and want to move it up, people will say you're stealing from the rich even though you're actually moving to a more optimal number. If we're over that number and want to move it down, people will sarcastically say ""Yeah, won't somebody think of the billionaires?!"" even though you're actually moving to a more optimal number.   It's economists, not politicians or talking heads who are best qualified to choose what that number should be. We can at least narrow it down then to between 50%-80% for high income earners: https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/4263739/mankiw_optimaltaxationtheory.pdf?sequence=2"
One Shot Films is a production house of high repute. Professionals don’t just create videos here; they create everlasting impressions. Their short videos and corporate films help to create brand images, showcase work cultures, and bring a business into the spotlight. Interested in taking one shot of your business? Contact the pros at osfp.in.
Makes me wonder why childcare never really fell in price while everything else did. We should all be living like the british in the 1700s sending kids off to boarding schools and having nannys so we never have to see them until they're adults.
"Your contribution limit to a 401(k) is $18,000.  Your employer is allowed to contribute to your 401(k), usually a ""matching contribution"".  That matching contribution comes from your employer, so is not subject to your personal contribution limit. A contribution to a regular 401(k) is typically made with pre-tax money (i.e. you don't pay payroll taxes on the money you contribute) so you pay less taxes for the current tax year.  However when you retire and you take money out, you pay taxes on the money you take out.  On one hand, your tax rate may be lower when you have retired, but on the other hand, if your investments have appreciated over time, the total amount of tax you pay would be higher. If your company offers a Roth 401(k) plan, you can contribute $18,000 of after tax money.  This way you pay the tax on the $18,000 today, as you would if you did not put the money in the 401(k), but when you take the money out at retirement, you would not have to pay tax.  In my opinion, that serves as a way to pay effectively more money into your 401(k). Some firms put vesting provisions on the amount that they match in your 401(k), e.g. 4 years at 25% per year.  So you have to work 1 full year to be entitled to 25% of their matching contribution, 2 years for 50%, and 4 years to receive all of it.  Check your company's Summary Plan Description of the 401(k) to be sure. You are not allowed to invest pre-tax money into a Traditional IRA if you are already contributing to a 401(k) plan and have reached the income limits ($62,000 AGI for single head of household). You are allowed to contribute post-tax money to a Traditional IRA plan if you have already contributed to a 401(k), which you can then Roll-over into a Roth IRA (look up 'backdoor IRA'). The IRA contribution limit applies to all IRA accounts over that calendar year.  You could put some money in a traditional IRA, a Roth IRA, another traditional IRA, etc. so long as the total amount is not more than the contribution limit. This gives you an upper limit of 5.5k + 18k = 23.5 investments in retirement accounts. Note however, once you reach age 50, these limits increase to 6.5k (IRA) + 24k (401(k)).  They also are adjusted periodically with the rate of inflation. The following approach may be more efficient for building wealth: This ordering is the subject of debate and people have different opinions. There is a separate discussion of these priorities here:  Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Note however, a 401(k) loan becomes payable if you leave your company, and if not repaid, is an unauthorised distribution from your 401k (and therefore subject to an additional 10% tax penalty). You should also be careful putting money into an IRA, as you will be subject to an additional 10% tax penalty if you take out the money (distribution) before retirement, unless one of the exceptions defined by the IRA applies (e.g. $10,000 for first time home purchase), which could wipe out more than any gains you made by putting it in there in the first place. Your specific circumstances may vary, so this approach may not be best for you.  A registered financial advisor may be able to help - ensure they are legitimate: https://adviserinfo.sec.gov"
Got it. I can definitely see how it can come across that way especially with all of these big tech companies lining up against the proposal. My understanding is that a lot of that is more driven by their size than anything else; the media focuses on the impacts to Amazon and Facebook because they're huge companies and it's easier to get information on them.  But when it comes to who would get hurt the most by removing NN, it's actually small businesses and startups that would suffer the most. In a world without net neutrality, ISPs would be able to provide access to web services at different speeds. For example, if you are a Comcast customer, if Comcast has a deal with Amazon Prime, they can make it so that your access to competing services like Netflix and Hulu are throttled -- moving so slow that it will be hard to use anything other than Amazon Prime Video.  Now, if that happens, it will be annoying for companies like Facebook, Netflix, Google, etc. to have to pay extra for internet users to be able to use them. But they could do it; they have the money. The people who would struggle are people who own smaller businesses and smaller websites; when they're just starting out, they won't have the money to pay the ISPs to let people access them, and as a result they could be essentially locked out of many marketplaces. This is the argument made by people who say that removing net neutrality will stifle small business; removing the regulation would create this built-in structural advantage for large, established businesses and leave smaller businesses locked out.
"Yes, Interactive Brokers is a good source for live data feeds and they have an API which is used to programmatically access the feeds, you will have to pay for data feeds from the individual data sources though.  The stock exchanges have a very high price for their data and this has stifled innovation in the financial sector for several decades in the united states. But at the same time, it has inflated the value and mystique of ""quants"" doing simple algorithms ""that execute within milliseconds"" for banks and funds.  Also RIZM has live feeds, it is a younger service than other exchanges but helps people tap into any online broker's feeds and let you trade your custom algorithms that way, that is their goal."
&gt; or their ability to purchase more or if you own a business you need the fire service to protect your business operating during/after a crisis as well as your home.  Then I'll pay for those services as I use them.  Not before.  &gt;except its much cheaper for everyone if it is all bound up together, and provided by the government.  It's not cheaper for me.  I don't have kids, no public school.  I work from home, no commuting.  It's a lose/lose scenario for me.  &gt;I understand the anti big government argument  I work for the government.  Many of the government services are valuable.  It's just seems more logical to pay for them as you use them, like every single other business works.  &gt;NO COUNTRY does it the way you are saying  Even more reason to test the experiment.  Let's give it a try and see what happens.  I'm sure I'll be fine.  &gt;I understand the anti big government argument  Actually you don't.  You just want free shit like everyone else.
You're really confused.  You need to go back to finance 101 about the concept of corporation and shareholders  This is too much to take apart (i.e.: contribution is not a loan, and can't be called.  Shareholders are not partners......).  Sorry bro, not trying to burst your bubble, but any academic business finance 101 book or OpenCourseWare will cover this and more.
"The answer probably varies with local law, and you haven't said where you're located. In most or all US states, it appears that after some statutory length of time, the bank would transfer the money to the state government, where it would be held indefinitely as ""unclaimed property"" in the name of the recipient (technically, the payee, the person to whom the check is made payable).  This process is called escheatment.  Most states publish a list of all unclaimed property, so at some later date the payee could find their name on this list, and realize they were entitled to the funds.  There would then be a process by which the payee could claim the funds from the state.   Usually the state keeps any interest earned on the money. As far as I know, there typically wouldn't be any way for you, the person who originated the payment, to collect the money after escheatment.  (Before escheatment, if you have the uncashed check in your possession, you can usually return it to the bank and have it refunded to you.) I had trouble finding an authoritative source explaining this, but a number of informal sources (found by Googling ""cashier check escheatment"") seem to agree that this is generally how it works.  Here is the web site for a law firm, saying that in California an uncashed cashier's check escheats to the state after 3 years. Until escheatment occurs, the recipient can cash the check at any time.  I don't think that cashier's checks become ""stale"" like personal checks do, and there isn't any situation in which the funds would automatically revert to you."
This is something better asking a licensed professional (EA/CPA licensed in the US) who's also familiar with your home country tax law and the tax treaty your home country has with the US. Assuming no tax treaty and adverse tax consequences at home, you can have this scenario: The last step is critical - unless there's a tax treaty, not every country allows foreign tax credit (tax treaties usually have a provision to avoid double taxation), and you may end up paying both the US tax and local tax on the same money. If there's a tax treaty - step #4 is most likely guaranteed. Step #4 may not work in some places that would not consider the penalty as tax. Again - check it with an accountant proficient with the local law. Step #3 depends on your country. Some countries ignore foreign deferred compensation rules and consider the 401k amounts income to you when it was deposited (the US treats foreign tax deferred accounts this way, I believe that is also the case in India). So you should check locally. In this case you have probably paid taxes (or were exempt) on this amount when you earned it and will not pay taxes again. But then you might also not be able to claim the 10% back as credit. Leaving it is an option, although with such an amount is hardly worth it. You'll have to check how your country deals with foreign accounts of its citizens (the US, for example, puts an enormous reporting and tax burden on these, some countries forbid them altogether). This also applies to step #1.
What you want is the distribution yield, which is 2.65. You can see the yield on FT as well, which is listed as 2.64. The difference between the 2 values is likely to be due to different dates of updates. http://funds.ft.com/uk/Tearsheet/Summary?s=CORP:LSE:USD
Just because it's made in China doesn't mean it's garbage. Their hand tools have won multiple awards in the past several years and they have an unlimited lifetime warranty. If something breaks all you have to do is head over to the closest Kmart or sears and they'll replace it on the spot. You don't have to deal with shipping and waiting weeks to get a replacement.
"There are different approaches, but here is what we do and what I recommend.  Now that you are officially a married couple, open a joint bank account, and eliminate your individual accounts.  There are several reasons for this. Having a joint account promotes unity and teamwork.  When you only have a joint account, you do not have ""your income"" and ""her income,"" or ""your expenses"" and ""her expenses.""  You work together in everything.  You discuss your goals and set your household budget together.  If one of you makes more money than the other, that person is no longer ""worth more,"" because your incomes are pooled together.  If one person with a higher income has more in their account than the other person does, it can lead to envy, which you do not want in your marriage. Having a joint account is more efficient and makes more sense.  With separate accounts, who pays the rent/mortgage?  Who pays the utilities, or buys the food?  If you have separate accounts, it takes a lot of work to worry about what is ""fair"" when deciding how to divide up the expenses.  With a single household budget and a joint account, you decide together what the household expenses are, and they get paid from one account.  If one of you has debt, you both have debt.  You work together to get it paid off and strengthen your financial situation in the process. Having a joint account forces you to discuss your finances together.  Working toward common financial goals together is crucial in a strong marriage, but if you maintain your separate accounts, you might be tempted to put off these discussions until you are forced to by life circumstances.  It is better to work together from the start, and joining your finances facilitates that. You are intending your marriage to last.  Live your financial life like you believe that you are a team for life.  If you live in a community property state, separate accounts are a fiction anyway; everything is treated as if it was pooled together in the event of a divorce. I understand that if you are used to having your own money, it can be difficult to give up that sole control over your income, but in my opinion, it is worth it.  You will certainly hear of examples from couples who maintain separate accounts and make it work.  In my humble opinion, combining your finances completely is easier to do right."
The missing money is not money that was invested in MF Global Holdings Ltd. for an ownership share of that company, but money in accounts for which that company was responsible.  And yes, if you take money from customer accounts and use it as if it's your own, then as I understand it you are guilty of a crime.
I don't think this is a French thing.  It's like this everywhere.  Banks always want people to open accounts of every type.  A person with a checking account should be easy to sell on a savings account at the same institution. Given that it does not appear that they will have any chance to recover the money they spend to get customers to open these accounts (there are no fees and they have to pay out the interests, even if very small) Oh, they recover it.  Banks make money by having deposits that they can use to lend out.  They do pay interest on deposits, but not as much as they earn on your money.  If they persuade you to have a savings account in addition to your checking account, then you might find it convenient and then move your money out of a different institution into their savings account.  Or you might stop hoarding it under your mattress.  Or whatever.  More money in their accounts means more profit for them. I don't know whether banks make more profit per dollar in savings or checking accounts.  I see banks pushing for both.  I think they simply view more accounts as a good thing because it can lead to more total savings in their institution.  That's how they make money.
"First and foremost you must remember that they are people (something I don't think you have trouble with, but others might). When dealing with increasingly desperate financial struggles, it's not uncommon to allow financial trouble to define you, or for others to see you only as ""poor"". Money is a human creation. It's not real, like fire or water, and ""money problems"" is a misnomer. Whatever problems they have, money is only one symptom. Often, dealing with those deeper human problems, such as lack of confidence, depression, fear or behavioral issues, is the key to correcting ""downstream"" problems like poor money management. Not that learning how to manage money isn't important, but it doesn't sound like that is the primary issue in this case. Westerners tend to view money trouble as distinct from other problems. The answer to money troubles is often understood to be ""more money"" or ""smarter money"" - earn more or spend better. It helps to step back and look beyond finances. What's going in their lives? How does that make them feel? Do they feel unimportant or valueless? How's their family life? Do they have good emotional support, or are they running ""on empty"", trying to fill the emptiness with other things (like games, for example). (Simply telling them to stop purchasing games, for example, without finding a better replacement just perpetuates the feelings of shame, valuelessness and emptiness.) Discovering the deeper elements of your friends' situation is much more complicated than giving them money or paying for a financial counselor (neither of which are bad things), but it may make a tremendous difference not just in your friends' bank account, but in their lives as well. My wife and I have experienced all of this first-hand, so I know the predicament you are in. We've even had people in tough financial situations live in our home with us. In all the situations in which we've been close enough to understand context, money wasn't the primary issue. It's always been something else, more often than not family, but not always. I've found the book When Helping Hurts helpful for gaining some perspective, though it's not a perfect match (since it deals more with poverty on a grand scale). You may still find it helpful in terms of general principles, but, ultimately, each situation is going to be unique and no one-size-fits-all strategy exists to solve all problems. In the end, building a deeper relationship is the best path toward finding a long-term solution."
"The writer's ""you didn't build that"" rhetoric isn't necessary. Burger King has paid it's share of taxes that finance roads, copyright laws, and meat inspectors.  If BK owes the USA for its success,  then the other side of that argument is that all the millions of restaurants that failed should blame the USA."
Well, the revenue of his restaurants in [2015](https://www.forbes.com/sites/abrambrown/2015/06/29/the-chef-that-ate-the-world-how-gordon-ramsay-earned-60-million-last-year/#28883a774e2f) was about $150m.  Restaurants usually have margins in the 5-20% range.  His are high end, so call it 20%.  A 1% increase in costs would be $1.2 million.  So, facing that, it is worth getting together some buyers to see if he can get better prices.
"You will have to check SEC forms to know this in full. A publicly-traded company will have an amount of publicly tradable shares which can be easily found on their financial reports. But. that is not the only type of equity-like financial instrument that such a company can issue. A previous reply mentions ""follow-on"" public offering. However, a company may initiate a private equity offering without disclosing ahead of time, sometimes with warrants, or long-lasting options to purchase (new) stock."
"Yes they care about you having no health care, about your student loans, about their donations and outgoing favours and of course they care about you just enough for you to vote for them, so they say ""let's build a grand slam society"". Then idiots like you say ""wow this person is great!""  Representatives should always be held to an ever high bar but because there are too many people like you, they don't do anything except pitch slogans, followed by you sheeple giving them a round of applause."
Removing emotions from decision making is autistic. Imo people fail to be a fit because most people have empathy and emotions. You want a bunch of computers to run your shit fine, but to acknowledge their behavior is anything short of being on the spectrum is naive
How is adding loss leaders going to crush wall mart or Kroger?  Okay people come in and buy the new marked down items.  Then what?  They are going to quickly realize how expensive everything else is and never shop there or just shop there for the loss leaders.  To me this hardly seems like a plan that will crush other grocery stores.
I'm a 911 paramedic that brings in patients to ERs all the time. I've never brought a patient to an ER that wasn't staffed by an adequate number of doctors.  trauma centers are held to an even higher standard. The hospital group has too much to lose if they lose that trauma 1 or trauma 2 rating. They will always maintain adequate required staffing.
Fidelity has a good explanation of Restricted Stock Awards: For grants that pay in actual shares, the employee’s tax holding period begins at the time of vesting, and the employee’s tax basis is equal to the amount paid for the stock plus the amount included as ordinary compensation income. Upon a later sale of the shares, assuming the employee holds the shares as a capital asset, the employee would recognize capital gain income or loss; whether such capital gain would be a short- or long-term gain would depend on the time between the beginning of the holding period at vesting and the date of the subsequent sale. Consult your tax adviser regarding the income tax consequences to you. So, you would count from vesting for long-term capital gains purposes.  Also note the point to include the amount of income you were considered to have earned as a result of the original vesting [market value then - amount you paid].  (And of course, you reported that as income in 2015/2016, right?) So if you had 300 shares of Stock ABC granted you in 2014 for a price of $5/share, and in 2015 100 of those shares vested at FMV $8/share, and in 2016 100 of those shares vested, current FMV $10/share, you had $300 in income in 2015 and $500 of income in 2016 from this.   Then in 2017 you sold 200 shares for $15/share:
"The first red-flag here is that an appraisal was not performed on an as-is basis - and if it could not be done, you should be told why. Getting an appraisal on an after-improvement basis only makes sense if you are proposing to perform such improvements and want that factored in as a basis of the loan. It seems very bizarre to me that a mortgage lender would do this without any explanation at all. The only way this makes sense is if the lender is only offering you a loan with specific underwriting guidelines on house quality (common with for instance VA-loans and how they require the roof be of a certain maximum age - among dozens of other requirements, and many loan products have their own standards). This should have been disclosed to you during the process, but one can certainly never assume anyone will do their job properly - or it may have only mentioned in some small print as part of pounds of paper products you may have been offered or made to sign already. The bank criteria is ""reasonable"" to the extent that generally mortgage companies are allowed to set underwriting criteria about the current condition of the house. It doesn't need to be reasonable to you personally, or any of us - it's to protect lender profits by aiding their risk models. Your plans and preferences don't even factor in to their guidelines. Not all criteria are on a a sliding scale, so it doesn't necessarily matter how well you meet their other standards. You are of course correct that paying for thousands of dollars in improvements on a house you don't own is lunacy, and the fact that this was suggested may on it's own suggest you should cut your losses now and seek out a different lender.  Given the lender being uncooperative, the only reason to stick with it seems to be the sunk cost of the appraisal you've already paid for. I'd suggest you specifically ask them why they did not perform an as-is appraisal, and listen to the answer (if you can get one). You can try to contact the appraiser directly as well with this question, and ask if you can have the appraisal strictly as-is without having a new appraisal. They might be helpful, they might not. As for taking the appraisal with you to a new bank, you might be able to do this - or you might not. It is strictly up to each lender to set criteria for appraisals they accept, but I've certainly known of people re-using an appraisal done sufficiently recently in this way. It's a possibility that you will need to write off the $800 as an ""education expense"", but it's certainly worth trying to see if you can salvage it and take it with you - you'll just have to ask each potential lender, as I've heard it go both ways. It's not a crazy or super-rare request - lenders backing out based on appraisal results should be absolutely normal to anyone in the finance business. To do this, you can just state plainly the situation. You paid for an appraisal and the previous lender fell through, and so you would like to know if they would be able to accept that and provide you with a loan without having to buy a whole new appraisal. This would also be a good time to talk about condition requirements, in that you want a loan on an as-is basic for a house that is inhabitable but needs cosmetic repair, and you plan to do this in cash on your own time after the purchase closes. Some lenders will be happy to do this at below 75%-80% LTV, and some absolutely do not want to make this type of loan because the house isn't in perfect condition and that's just what their lending criteria is right now.  Based on description alone, I don't think you really should need to go into alternate plans like buy cash and then get a home equity loan to get cash out, special rehab packages, etc. So I'd encourage you to try a more straight-forward option of a different lender, as well as trying to get a straight answer on their odd choice of appraisal order that you paid for, before trying anything more exotic or totally changing your purchase/finance plans."
A search quickly led to http://www.cardfellow.com/blog/debit-card-credit-card-difference-charges/ which shows the difference in merchant fees charged. A $200 charge costs $3.50-$3.60, a debit charge, $2.34-$2.39 but a PIN Debit, $1.87. The debit cards are a full percent less cost to the merchant, so the money collected is less to use for rewards. (I can't help but wonder how my card gives me 2% cash back, no fee, when I never pay interest.)
"I hope people don’t see this as being facetious but invest some time in learning to do that with Excel. Most financial information websites (Yahoo, MSN, etc.) will allow you to extract all the data you need into excel. This way you can learn to do analysis with something that isn’t a ""black box"" (as to mean you don’t know the exact equations behind the outputs) whereas with excel you can delve into and really understand the equations behind the numbers you are looking at. If you use Bloomberg it does all that for you but if you are just starting out you may not truly understand what it means and how everything is connected. If you create the same with excel you have no choice but to deeply understand because you built it from scratch! I'm certian there are plenty of tutorials to help you out there as every analyst who has worked in finance since the advent of excel has had to create these at one time or another. Good luck!"
I have USAA and the home loan process was a nightmare.  My account was also compromised but I caught it immediately because they sent me an alert of a large sum of money being transferred to my checking account, so there is that.  I just found out that Navy Federal finally accepts Army veterans (it hadn't up until a couple of years ago) so I have an account with them just so I can get different loan options and credit card rates.  Navy Federal has minimums for getting ATM refunds while USAA doesn't, so for now I just have a savings account with them.
LC WebPros is the web development company and the internet marketing company in the United states. We provide the Website development Projects and logo design service in the world. If you want to the new website for your business and its marketing service, then you can contact us. We offer professional Web Development Services to help you successfully plan your web site an effective solution for all needs.
I think he meant Oxford University in the UK, but he's wrong.   You can still pursue a career in Investment Banking even if you do not go to the aforementioned Ivy Leagues. As long as the university you are at is well-respected and you have few summer internships and leadership activities under your belt, it is possible but harder to break into!
Nowadays, Social networking websites are a great place to promote business, specifically for new and medium size business.  Some good social network websites provide excellent resources such as Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, LinkedIn,  YouTube, LiveJournal, Wordpress, Blogger and more. You can increase your business with the Social B2B network. There are many different types of networks and depending on your long-term or short-term goals, you may wish to join a hard contact network.
Homes for Sale NJ --Where do you want to be? Let Re/Max help you find your forever home, or your very first home. Our expert realtors will guide you through the home buying process, home loan process, and help you choose a home that is right for you.
The main benefit of paying off the loan early is that it's not on your mind, you don't have to worry about missing a payment and incurring the full interest due at that point. Your loan may not be set up that way, but most 0% interest loans are set up so that there is interest that's accruing, but you don't pay it so long as all your payments are on time, oftentimes they're structured so that one late payment causes all of that deferred interest to be due.  If you put the money in the bank you'd make a small amount of interest and also not have to worry about funds availability for your car payment. If you use the money for some other purpose, you're at greater risk of something going wrong in the next 21 months that causes you to miss a payment and being hit with a lot of interest (if applicable to your loan).  If you already have an emergency fund (at least 3-6 months of expenses) then I would pay the loan off now so you don't have to think about it.  If you don't have an emergency fund, then I'd bank the money and keep making payments, and pay it off entirely when you have funds in excess of your emergency fund to do so.
I do not know for sure so do not quote me on this. But I would assume that you will get paid out to what the value of the buyout is.  Example if your company has 100 private shares and you own 1 share (1%), and the company sells for $1,000,000. Your share will be worth 1% of the $1 million.
Most delivery drivers do that in my experience. They drop off the package and ring the doorbell to let you know it's there. No point in waiting if a signature isn't needed. I think it's fine.   I'm more annoyed by the ones that just leave the package and don't ring the bell.
You won't be able to know the trading activity in a timely, actionable method in most cases. The exception is if the investor (individual, fund, holding company, non-profit foundation, etc) is a large shareholder of a specific company and therefore required to file their intentions to buy or sell with the SEC. The threshold for this is usually if they own 5% or greater of the outstanding shares. You can, however, get a sense of the holdings for some of the entities you mention with some sleuthing. Publicly-Traded Holding Companies Since you mention Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway is an example of this. Publicly traded companies (that are traded on a US-based exchange) have to file numerous reports with the SEC. Of these, you should review their Annual Report and monitor all filings on the SEC's website. Here's the link to the Berkshire Hathaway profile. Private Foundations Harvard and Yale have private, non-profit foundations. The first place to look would be at the Form 990 filings each is required to file with the IRS. Two sources for these filings are GuideStar.org and the FoundationCenter.org. Keep in mind that if the private foundation is a large enough shareholder in a specific company, they, too, will be required to file their intentions to buy or sell shares in that company. Private Individuals Unless the individual publicly releases their current holdings, the only insight you may get is what they say publicly or have to disclose — again, if they are a major shareholder.
A quick Excel calculation tells me that, if you are earning a guaranteed post-tax return of 12% in a liquid investment, then it doesn't matter which one you pick. According to the following Excel formula: You would be able to invest ₹2,124 now at 12% interest, and you could withdraw ₹100 every month for 24 months.  Which means that the ₹100/month option and the ₹2100/biennium option are essentially the same. This, of course, is depending on that 12% guaranteed return.  Where I come from, this type of investment is unheard of.  If I was sure I'd still be using the same service two years from now, I would choose the biennial payment option. You asked in the comments how to change the formula to account for risk in the investment.  Risk is a hard thing to quantify.  However, if you are certain that you will be using this service in two years from now, you are essentially achieving 13% in a guaranteed return by pre-paying your fee.  In my experience, a 13% guaranteed return is worth taking.  Trying to achieve any more than that in an investment is simply a gamble. That having been said, at the amount we are talking about, each percent difference in return is only about ₹22.  The biggest risk here is the fact that you might want to change services before your term is up.  If these amounts are relatively small for you, then if there is any chance at all that you will want to drop the service before the 2 years is up, just pay the monthly fee.
"I was simply giving my opinion. I have had 2 jobs and going into an internship. Again, ""I strongly believe"" means that I have a subjective statement to make.   I research tech and biotech companies. It's not a secret that coding, programming, and system data are going to be growing over the 100 years. As more and more companies go autonomous they will need the back end devs."
Really?  Tell me why then Microsoft runs it's own bus service?  Tell me why Microsoft contributed HEAVILY for the 40th St exit on 520 - shouldn't traffic be the state/municipalities problem?  Infrastructure when heavily leveraged by a major corporation becomes the corporation's problem.  The corporation has to exist within the infrastructure and needs to make it work for themselves, their employees, and the local communities that services them and their employees.  Otherwise, people move away, services are reduced, and the desire for employees to live there is lessened, making them targets for competitive recruitment.
I had great difficulty buying my $17,000 truck for cash.  One TD Canada Trust branch only let me have $5,000, the other branch down the street only $3,000.  They both said they were low on cash.  They kept trying to convince me to use a bank draft, but I didn't have a name or total amount as I was still shopping around.  I don't think banks carry much cash and it wouldn't take much to clean them out.
Some banks would allow you to export your transactions as CSV (they call it Excel export, but in many cases it's actually just CSV). However, I would not expect any bank to bother with creating anything like command-line access - return on such investment would be too low.  There are other ways to get information out of the banks, I'm sure - providers like Yodelee must be using something to fetch financial data - but those usually not for general public access.  Also, you can use something like mint.com to aggregate you banking data if you bank doesn't do good export and then export it from there. They have CSV export too.  If you need to do any actions though, I don't think there's anything like you are looking for.
"Lol. I once had to listen to someone who tried to convince me that I could gain 6% a year, risk free by investing in the financial institution he represented, while pitching something pre formatted he obviously didn't understand. Because of that and the sort of ""cult vibe"" I got from them I never returned. But my bad, see, I could have been rich right now."
I agree, but that's only a small fraction. You could even argue that the money that is not being paid in taxes isn't necessarily a bad thing as it's funneled back to investors, which also includes the common person that is saving for their retirement, which will also get taxed. Of course that's only for public companies.
Is there anywhere I can get further information? I ask because I'm thinking about an alternative theory of money where companies can issue bonds as currency, and we can have coexisting monetary policies.  These relate to what i'm saying:  http://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/utf5u/where_has_all_the_money_in_the_world_gone/c4yfkhg  http://www.radicalsocialentreps.org/2012/07/open-source-currencies-on-the-rise-in-greece/   http://www.businessinsider.com/why-are-central-banks-independent-2012-5  http://truth-out.org/news/item/11868-spain-and-greece-are-being-forced-to-suffer-to-save-germany-from-high-inflation
Amazon uses their AWS profits to subsidize all their other businesses. They can afford to sell groceries at a loss until most of the competition goes out of business. It's good for consumers in the short term, but I wouldn't say it's capitalism working as intended. Unprofitable businesses are supposed to fold, not be propped up indefinitely by deep pocketed investors. It's monopolistic behavior without the monopoly, which I don't think we've ever seen on this scale before, so we aren't sure what, if anything, to do about it.
the mother chose that sperm bank. the same applies to animals. unless you have been adopted though some agency, you could only have those two parents (and grandparents, and so on).   you are standing on the peak of a giant pyramid of generations, with each making a choice to produce and then feed/educate/etc. their offspring. the temporal/causal link only goes in one direction, from them to you.
"I would aim for 10% or less, because I believe 30% is where you start to get dinged on your credit score.  No one will know for sure, as there are many models, but 30% is brought up by radio host Clark Howard pretty often. Close annual fee cards or one store only cards.  Normally I would suggest ""leap-frogging"" your credit cards so that as you open a new one with no fees, you then close another that does have fees.  However I do not think opening lines of credit with an upcoming home purchase is a good idea.  It will reflect negatively that you are opening credit all over then place. I would shoot for such a low percent to make sure that the time it takes for reporting to happen will happen.  Also, as you gear up to buy a house, make sure your credit report is clean looking with all of these balances and cards you are considering closing."
&gt;Sounds like bullshit. Silicon Valley is largely research and development, not manufacturing. Saying that you'll replicate the success of software engineers earning $120k a year by bringing in more $50k a year manufacturing jobs is misleading at best.   Today it is largely research and development but a few decades ago there was a production manufacturing capacity to it that was by in large far greater then what remains today.
Our Website : http://alldaycarrentals.com.au/ There are several points to consider when choosing a business contract hire car. The main one is which company you will deal with. There are many companies offering business contract Cairns Car Hire, so it is important to find the best one to deal with. Just check online and see what they have to offer. Having made picked your business contract hire car company, you will also need to consider the choice of lease. If you prefer regularly having the use of a new vehicle then the shorter leasing deal may be best for you. Then there is the question of your mileage.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-fed-policy-idUSKBN1A80XA) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The Fed led the way in tightening monetary policy as the global economy recovered from the 2008 recession but must now determine how plans by other central banks&amp;#039; plans may affect their own policy.  &gt; While a stronger European economy has been welcomed by the Fed, lessening risks to the global economy, a move by major central banks to all tighten monetary policy simultaneously has not been seen for a decade.  &gt; When Fed policymakers meet on July 25-26 they will need to decide a start date for reducing their bond holdings or leave more time to evaluate what Fed Governor Lael Brainard recently cited as a possible &amp;quot;Turning point&amp;quot; in global monetary policy that may affect economic growth.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6peule/federal_reserve_now_faces_prospect_of_global/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~174973 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Fed**^#1 **rate**^#2 **policy**^#3 **month**^#4 **bond**^#5"
Additionally my understanding is that a Faster Payment is as good as cash once received. Yes it is but there is a caveat. Read on unauthorized payments on Faster Payments website. Either the sender is fraudulently claiming this was unauthorised, or their bank doesn't have adequate security standards - why is it me who loses out here? Agreed. You should take this up [dispute the action] with your bank asking why your account was closed as there is no fraud from your side. Make sure you do all the follow-up with writing and provide evidence of the trade being genuine.
"&gt; Censorship is the suppression of speech or other public communication which may be considered objectionable, harmful, sensitive, or inconvenient as determined by a government, media outlet, or other controlling body.  suppression of posts from ""spammy cheater"" websites? Totally counts as censorship.  Yes, they are the result of bot/spam abuse; and that result = censorship."
The Dutch Financial Times published an article about how intangible assets are the most important value-determining factor of an organization, however investments, innovation and attention to these assets lack. This is contradicting but shows the challenge as well, because more than 75 percent of the average market value is from intangible assets. The challenge is that these aren’t quantified in financial metrics. Intangible assets consists of human-, organizational- and information capital.
"For some people, it's easier to stick to a budget if they have separate checking and savings accounts because they can deposit funds directly into their savings account and not have those funds accessible by debit/credit card, checks, etc. This allows people to pay themselves first and accumulate savings, while making it slightly more difficult to spend those savings on a whim. One a more technical/legal note, one key difference in the United States comes from Regulation D. §204.2(d)(2) of the law limits you to six withdrawals from savings and money market accounts. No such limit exists for checking accounts. Regulation D also forbids banks from paying interest on business checking accounts.  In the simplest case, checking accounts and savings accounts are a tradeoff between liquidity and return. Checking accounts are much more liquid, but won't necessarily earn interest, while savings accounts are less liquid because of the withdrawal limits, but earn interest. Nowadays, however, sweep accounts blur this line somewhat because they function like checking accounts, in that you can write an unlimited number of checks, make an unlimited number of withdrawals, etc. but you can also earn interest on your account balance because some or all of the funds are ""swept"" into an investment account when not in use. The definition of ""in use"" can vary from business to business and bank to bank."
None of those things sounded like concessions. I suspect, if you negotiated health care in terms of percentage of the cost instead of in raw dollars deducted, it'd actually come out that the company was taking a hit since the last contract. (I have no numbers to back this up, it's just that health care costs have been skyrocketing the last few years.)  Seniority rights kinda suck because they're just determined by time on the job and not merit. I'll take someone with 5 years in who's been getting better the whole time over someone with 20 who's been doing the negotiated minimum since the beginning. I'd like to be able to give the new people incentive to kick ass at their job.  The thing I don't like about unions is that they take the individual out of the game. Solidarity leads to one-size-fits all thinking, which is also the kind of thinking that gets companies thinking that everybody is replaceable. Really, everybody'd be better off if good people were hard to replace and average people could get by, but not excel.
Hm. The largest ad network in the world, whom has a natural monopoly on the search market and the largest web browser by market share, is talking about blocking competitors' ads. That doesn't smell like an antitrust issue at all... /s
Create, market and perform seminars advising others how to get rich from the Chinese Real-Estate Bubble. Much more likely to be profitable; and you can do it from the comfort of your own country, without currency conversions.
When banks operate under the FEDs cover of darkness and take tax payers dollars to grant bonuses to their employees and crash the US economy.  If government can't control the criminals on Wall Street, then it is time for 99% to carry out some vigilante justice against.  The day is coming.   What else don't you understand?
Refer to your T20 match - in India they have the IPL - Indian Premier League - which is basically like the NBA of cricket.... each major city has their own team and they play these 20/20 matches.  A popular celebrity or business celebrity owns a team.  They have players from all over the world that join these teams.
"Please note, if you enter your password into a 3rd party website -- there's always the chance that the third party website is recording your passwords.  Personally I've looked at the raw html and included javascript on this page, and(1) it looks like it's purely client side in your browser.  However I have not examined the javascript that is being pulled in by the advertising.  (Does advertising javascript included in a page have access to the full contents of the page and forms?)  Anyways -- don't enter existing/good/in-use passwords into 3rd party webpages.  Only do this with passwords that you have ALREADY changed, and that are not in use anywhere else.  You wouldn't think I'd have to remind people of this ... but I do...  (1) At THIS time, the link that Pilebsa included to tools4noobs.com looks okay.  Note that Pilebsa *could* edit his post and change the link *AFTER* someone else has looked at it.  Hell, I could be a SHILL for Pilebsa -- ""yah yah it's safe man, I checked it out fer you"".  Or tools4noobs or someone who has penetrated them could change the page AFTER I've looked at it.  It's a dangerous world, you'd better know what you're doing."
"&gt; may or may not pan out based on factors which are completely not in your control,  That's it in a nutshell, right there.  I don't get fowleryo's hubris that we can somehow always master our own destiny, if only we're alert and take proper advantage.  ""Shit happens"" isn't just a trite cliche.  For a lot of things, you can influence the dice, but we have to keep in mind that we're tiny little beings on a blue speck: sooner or later things line up to go one way or the other that we have no control over."
If you are working for a small company, the expense ratios on the funds in the 401k account are likely much higher than you can get with a similar IRA. Depending on your income, whether you are married and want to contribute to a spouse's IRA, your limit on what can be contributed to an IRA may vary, but the compelling reason to contribute to a 401k is that the contribution limit is higher ($17,500 vs $5,500 for people on the lower end of the income scale) so you may need to contribute to a 401k to meet your retirement savings goals.
Highlands mortgage is one such financial advisory form that provide mod gauges and refinancing at lowest possible rates. Highlands mortgage provides best mortgage rates in Delaware. Highlands mortgage provides various financial assistance such as refinancing consolidation of debt and providing loan for various necessities such as house. Highlands mortgage provide expert mortgage officers who assist clients at every stage of financing. If you are seeking for financial assistance in Delaware, you must seek the consultation of Highlands mortgage in order to get the best deal and that too at lower prices.
https://www.onlinesbi.com/nri/accounts_deposits/sbinri_ad_nro.html  attached a link from India's premier bank SBI, confirming that you can move your regular saving account money, to NRO
&gt;and no officer should be making &lt;$40k.  I think its important to note that we should be hiring people that deserve more than $40k to be our police.  many of the thugs with badges on the streets today dont deserve a cent more than minimum wage.
EVERYTHING is built on oppositional forces, and a kind of competition.  Otherwise the word wouldn’t exist.  Capitalism gets better the more healthy competition there is.  Competition that stomps all other competitors to the ground is not healthy for Capitalism or society.
Where do you live? I have not seen a single instance where renting is cheaper per month then purchasing a home. You are obviously doing well, so I'm not questioning the logistics just curious.   $200,000 home or less is roughly $1,300 - $1,500 a month with everything included (property taxes, etc), based on when I was looking at homes to purchase. To rent the same size home would have been about the same (or more) depending on the area. Texas and California being my main two areas of interest. The property I purchased now was being rented out for $1,100 but a 30-year fixed mortage w/ property taxes is only about $630 a month.
"Do you recall where you read that 25% is considered very good? I graduated college in 1984 so that's when my own 'investing life' really began. Of the 29 years, 9 of them showed 25% to be not quite so good.  2013     32.42, 2009     27.11,  2003     28.72,  1998     28.73,  1997     33.67,  1995     38.02,  1991     30.95,  1989     32.00,  1985     32.24.  Of course this is only in hindsight, and the returns I list are for the S&P index. Even with these great 9 years, the CAGR (compound annual growth) of the S&P from 1985 till the end of 2013 was 11.32%  Most managed funds (i.e. mutual funds) do not match the S&P over time. Much has been written on how an individual investor's best approach is to simply find the lowest cost index and use a mix with bonds (government) to match their risk tolerance.  ""my long term return is about S&P less .05%"" sounds like I'm announcing that I'm doing worse than average. Yes, and proud of it. Most investors (85-95% depending on survey) lag by far more than this, many percent in fact)"
"Form W-9 (officially, the ""Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification"") is used in the United States income tax system by a third party who must file an information return with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). It requests the name, address, and taxpayer identification information of a taxpayer (in the form of a Social Security Number or Employer Identification Number). A W-9 is typically required when an individual is doing work, as a contractor or as an employee, for a company and will be paid more than $600 in a tax-year.  The company is required to file a W-2 or a 1099 and so requests a W-9 to get the information necessary for those forms. I cannot say if it is incompetence on the part of the accounting department or a deliberate ploy to make the refund process more onerous, but do not comply.  Politely nsist on a refund without any further information.  If the company refuses, request a charge-back from the credit-card company, file a complaint with the consumer-protection department of the state where the company is located, and write a bad review on Yelp or wherever else seems appropriate."
&gt; They can move over to getting ketchup packets and bringing out orders. Also helping people with the kiosks.  If they can even hire them to do that. I work in ag and there are so many restrictions these days, we don't hire anyone under 18 to do anything for any reason. Even chop weeds. Which used to be summer jobs for a lot of the high school kids around here. Now they basically have nothing to do.
"Yes, that's true. Excerpt from ""The Warren Buffett Way"":  ""In November 2000, Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway paid about $1 billion for Benjamin Moore &amp; Co., the Mercedes of paint companies. Founded in 1883 by the Moore brothers in their Brooklyn basement, Benjamin Moore today is fifth largest paint manufacturer in the United States and has an unmatched reputation  for  quality. It was reported that Buffett paid a 25 percent premium over the stock’s  then  current  price.  On  the  surface,  that  might  seem to contradict one of Buffett’s iron-clad rules: that he will act only when the price is low enough to constitute a margin of safety.  However,  we  also  know  that  Buffett  is  not  afraid  to  pay for  quality.  Even  more  revealing,  the  stock  price  jumped  50 percent to $37.62 per share after the deal was announced. This tells us that either Buffett found yet another company that was undervalued or else that the rest of the investing world was betting  on  Buffett’s  acumen  and  traded  the  price  up  even  higher— or  both."""
At one point you could log into your HSBC account from the command line, but gosh, I've never heard of a bank that has a command line interface!
Abso-fucking-lutely not. And the idea that vegetarian or low fat items make them healthier should be called into question as well. There's nothing inherently healthier about eating vegetarian, except vegetarians tend to make more mindful food choices and live healthier lifestyles in other respects. But I've known very overweight vegetarians who survived on sugar and carbs as well.   Fat is not your enemy at taco bell. It's the tortillas wrapped around corn chips filled with beef mix that has oat flour as a filler - and the processed fake cheese made of vegetable oil and god knows what else.    Carbs are responsible for the obesity epidemic and saturated fat is not the dietary villain isn't been cast as. Everyone would be better off cutting out sugars and grains and sticking to real meat and veggies.  Cook with real butter and don't buy the leanest meat you can find. Bread and pasta and sugar will spike your insulin levels and promote fat storage as well as wreak havoc on your body over time.
Today the most exciting and innovative way to generate massive leads for your business is through inbound marketing.The inbound marketing’s main aim is to generate leads via the website. Integrating SEO into your web design is a very important part of Marketing And Web Design. Be sure, your web design SEO Company makes your website accountable for new business generations every month. Watch this video here: https://youtu.be/BvB206T8drE
The Level 2 data is simply showing the depth of the market. If I am trading shares with my broker I have the option of viewing only the top 10 bid/ask prices in the depth or all of the data (which sometimes can be a very long list). With another broker I get the top ten bid and ask prices and how many orders are available for each price level, or I have the option of listing each order separately for each price level (in order of when the order was placed). I get the same kind of data if trading options. I do not know about futures because I don't trade them. Simply this data may be important to a trader because it may give an indication of whether there are more buyers or sellers in the market, which in turn may (but not always) give an indication of which way the market may be moving. As an example the price depth below shows WBC before market open with sellers outweighing the buyers in both numbers and volume.  This gives an indication that prices may drop when the market opens. Of course there could be some good news coming out prior to market open or just after, causing a flood of buyers into the market and sellers to cancel their orders. This would change everything around with more buyers than sellers and indicate that prices may now be going up. The market depth is an important aspect to look at before putting an order in, as it can give an indication of which way the market is moving, especially in a very liquid security or market.
Ask any smoker that has used the bubbler at smoke shop st Pete and they will tell you that it is a far more pleasant experience than glass pipelines. In terms of size, they fill up the gap between large glass pipes and the smaller bones. It was exactly this demand that caused its development. Just like a bong, you could use water as an air conditioning agent below. It's smaller size works to its benefit. You will hear a sound much like that of a hookah when you breathe in. This is because smoke passes through the water and is cooled and afterward breathed in.
&gt;Capitalism ~~sets~~ influences prices for perceived value.  FTFY  The dismal science?  I don’t know what you are talking about.  Wikipedia says it was coined by a Victorian age historian.  So I’m recreating what you perceive as the dismal science?  From the sound of back t, it is something you disagree with.  But I don’t know enough about either what you disagree or about “the dismal science” to point out where my ideas on economics differ.
It's a good idea to have some emergency money so I would propose a plan that keeps some in your savings:  If the 0% goes away, then consider paying it off, but by that time hopefully you have built up your savings a bit more. Also consider the ability to move the balance from the 2% cards to the 0% one, if that is possible.
James Roth provides a partial solution good for stock picking but let's speed up process a bit, already calculated historical standard deviations: Ibbotson, very good collection of research papers here, examples below Books
They should choose Minneapolis, although I don’t see it on the list. It is an amazing and underrated city. It is also reasonably close to Iowa where server farms are likely to start popping up like crazy; due to the availability of renewable energy and limited exposure to natural disasters.
"It's all about what you value personally. I'm mid-30s and drive a $40K ""luxury"" sports car.  I also happen to wear a $6K wristwatch every day.  I purchased both of these items because I thought they were beautiful when I saw them. On the flip side, because I spent 6 years living below the poverty line, I instinctively spend almost nothing on a daily basis.  My food budget is less than $50 a week, and I never go out to eat.  I wear my clothes and shoes and coats until they have holes, and I drove my previous car (a Toyota) into the ground.  My cell phone is 5 years old.  The walls of my apartment are bare.  I don't have cable TV, I don't subscribe to newspapers or magazines, and I don't own a pet.  In all of these cases I don't feel like I'm ""sacrificing"" anything; food and clothes and cell phones and pets just don't matter to me. If you truly feel that you're missing something in your life by not having a luxury car -- that owning one would be more satisfying than owning the corresponding tens of thousands of dollars -- then go for it.  Just be sure to consider all the other things that money could buy before you do. Lastly, buy in cash.  Don't make monthly payments unless you enjoy giving money away to the bank!"
The best way is to retain the charge slips. After you are done for the month you can discard them.   Alternatively if you are using any of the personal finance tool or a simple XLS to track exepnses, it would be easy to figure out what you actually spent and what was not yours.
In addition to the higher risk as pointed out by @JamesRoth, you also need to consider that there are regulations against 'naked shorting' so you generally need to either own the security, or have someone that is willing to 'loan' the security to you in order to sell short.  If you own a stock you are shorting, the IRS could view the transaction as a Sell followed by a buy taking place in a less than 30 day period and you could be subject to wash-sale rules.  This added complexity (most often the finding of someone to loan you the security you are shorting) is another reason such trades are considered more advanced. You should also be aware that there are currently a number of proposals to re-instate the 'uptick rule' or some circuit-breaker variant. Designed to prevent short-sellers from driving down the price of a stock (and conducting 'bear raids etc) the first requires that a stock trade at the same or higher price as prior trades before you can submit a short.  In the latter shorting would be prohibited after a stock price had fallen a given percentage in a given amount of time.  In either case, should such a rule be (re)established then you could face limitations attempting to execute a short which you would not need to worry about doing simple buys or sells.   As to vehicles that would do this kind of thing (if you are convinced we are in a bear market and willing to take the risk) there are a number of ETF's classified as 'Inverse Exchange Traded Funds (ETF's) for a variety of markets that via various means seek to deliver a return similar to that of 'shorting the market' in question.  One such example for a common broad market is ticker SH the ProShares Short S&P500 ETF, which seeks to deliver a return that is the inverse of the S&P500 (and as would be predicted based on the roughly +15% performance of the S&P500 over the last 12 months, SH is down roughly -15% over the same period).  The Wikipedia article on inverse ETF's lists a number of other such funds covering various markets.   I think it should be noted that using such a vehicle is a pretty 'aggressive bet' to take in reaction to the belief that a bear market is imminent.  A more conservative approach would be to simply take money out of the market and place it in something like CD's or Treasury instruments.  In that case, you preserve your capital, regardless of what happens in the market. Using an inverse ETF OTOH means that if the market went bull instead of bear, you would lose money instead of merely holding your position.
Since I have been banned at /r/aviation for desk-thumping the severe Trump criticism of Boeing (whose construction of Trump's overpriced Boeing Presidential aircraft was faulty and subject of a recall) I cannot post at censorship-happy, headchoppers'-haven r/aviation this notice that Russia has arrived in the AirBus/Boeing comfy zone. Probably China is next.
As far as I can tell, the direct deposit option would require you to have a US bank account, which you don't have. So wire transfer is your only option unless you can ask them to try something else, like one of the cheaper money transfer services around. The charges for wire transfers tend to be fairly significant (typically low tens of USD). Depending on your relationship with the payer and the nature of the payment, try to get them to send it with all charges paid so you actually receive the amount you are owed and they cover the charges.
"In case other people arrive at this page wondering whether they should enable automatic reinvestment of dividends and capital gains for taxable (non-retirement) accounts (which is what I was searching for when I first arrived on this page): You might want to review https://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Reinvesting_dividends_in_a_taxable_account and http://www.fivecentnickel.com/2011/01/26/why-you-shouldnt-automatically-reinvest-dividends/. The general idea is that--assuming you plan to regularly manually rebalance your portfolio to ensure that all of the ""pieces of the pie"" are the relative sizes that you want--there are approaches you can use to minimize taxes (and also fees, although at Vanguard I don't think that's a concern) if you choose a ""SpecID cost basis"" and manual reinvestment. Then you can go to ""Change your dividends and capital gains distribution elections"" at https://personal.vanguard.com/us/DivCapGainAccountSelection."
Considered that in Italy even no-profit hospitals are not tax exempt, I also see no reason to exempt *any* property of the Church.  However, it is not so easy. In a historical and legal perspective, keep in mind that in Italy the Roman Catholic Church is not an entity like the others. [Treaties](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concordat) between the Vatican and Italy exist.
Good questions. I can only add that it may be valuable if the company is bought, they may buy the options. Happened to me in previous company.
Good on 'em!  I recently swapped out my old Galaxy S5 for a new LG, and I have to say that the Galaxy's reputation as an industry leader is well-deserved.  The LG does a lot of things better than my old Galaxy, but it has many more design flaws and stupid bullshits and in general, I preferred the Galaxy, me not being much of a technophile.
"&gt; And moreover there is no way that Sculley would have known about Sony's patent application until after it was issued (which I believe was in circa 1970, by which time Sculley would have been 30+ years old).  Why would he have had to have known about Sony's patent application. He explicitly stated he *didn't* know about it until after it was awarded.  &gt; And if you go with the OTHER version of this story -- that it wasn't a ""Trinitron"" but rather the ORIGINAL ""Color TV"" idea... well, then it becomes even LESS plausible...  Huh... it was neither. It was *a* color CRT design that bore a striking resemblance to what became the Trinitron display and certainly could have been considered prior art for some of the relevant patents.  &gt; Pretty much like the rest of Sculley's claims regarding his ""technology ideas"" and inventions -- it's all retconned bullshit that was come up with during/after his time at Apple in order to make him look/sound like someone other than a ""carmel-colored sugar-water marketing guy"".  The point isn't that Sculley was some genius inventor. He wasn't some master visionary who could predict the future. He sure wasn't going to build an Apple II in his garage. He clearly wasn't any of those things... then again, neither was Steve Jobs. What Sculley did have though a talent and an abiding interest in technology and certainly understood it far more thoroughly than ""some caramel-colored sugar-water marketing guy"" (let's assume for a moment his TV design was complete crap and unoriginal... how many kids his age do you think were even coming up with crappy, unoriginal TV designs, and how many of those went on to become marketing guys?).  He could reason and understand about technology, its potential, and its impact in a way that a lot of CEO's at the time couldn't. That ability to hear all the technical ideas (and I'd really love to see the part where he claimed credit for these inventions... because I sure haven't noticed that from *any* of Apple's CEO's before, even Jobs) in development by a multitude of others and synthesize a realistic model of how the market would all come together with enough certainty to act on it is exactly what most CEO's suck at.  If you want to talk about BS mythologies, let's talk about the notion that the only CEO Apple had that understood technology was Steve Jobs."
Kudos to you on having money in a retirement account as early as after college.  Many people don't start investing towards retirement until far to late and compound interest makes a major difference in those early years. Ideally, neither withdraw nor borrow from these accounts.  Withdrawing from your 403b will incur a 10% penalty unless you are over the minimum age on top of the normal tax on that income.  With a 401K loan you're putting yourself at risk if you run into a situation where you can't pay the loan back of incurring the same penalties as an early withdrawal.  This article covers the concerns well. In general, you want to view your retirement money as untouchable until the distributions need to start coming in retirement.  It's your future in there. Of course, this doesn't help the short term cash need.  Do you have money in an emergency fund somewhere?  Could a relative loan you money?  Can you move to a less expensive place in advance and squirrel away some of what would have been your rent cash?  Can you cut back to bare necessities and do the same?  Do you have some nice stuff sitting around that you could sell to make up that needed cash?  Will your current employer pay out unused vacation or are you getting any severance from this situation?  Will you qualify for unemployment? I other words, think about what you would do to get the money if your retirement accounts weren't there.  Then do that - as long as it's legal and doesn't involve running up debt on high interest lines of credit - instead of borrowing against your future.
A hematology analyzer is very useful as doctors have used routine blood testing to monitor every type of health condition, from hormone levels to glucose and various vitamin deficiencies. And it comes as no surprise that as awareness level amongst the masses rises; a growing fraction of the general population is making its way to blood test clinics to improve their overall health. This makes the use of hematology analyzers to run tests on blood samples more celebrated.
"Now, how many seats was JetBlue actually able to sell at that price? They sold out every flight almost immediately after announcing this. Everyone is shitting on American for charging &gt;1K for ticket prices. These are full fares that are normally sold less than 1% of the time.   Optimally, airlines never seek 100% of their seats, they try to sell about 90-95% and save the rest of the seats for business travelers going somewhere last minute or for passengers that had an emergency  on the other side of the country.   Because there were so many flight cancellations, and virtually no seats available anywhere, the algorithms were trying to ""protect"" that availability for walk-up ticket purchases."
It definitely depends on your risk appetite as Joe Taxpayer pointed out in his answer. Covered calls are a good choice for someone who already own's the stock, because the premium collected reduces the cost basis for the position. The downside is that if the calls are exercised, there is a good chance that you are missing out on additional upside in the stock price (because the strike is obviously below the market value for the stocks).  Another good option trade is the spread option. This would allow you to capture the difference between the two strikes of the options in the spread. This is also one of the less risky choices because your initial cost an potential profit/loss are known in advance of entering the position.
Do all/most unit trusts have equalisation policy? It is really that some value of the fund is given to the investor, so the fund value goes down by that much per unit. It depends on the type of mutual funds. For example, there are growth type mutual funds that do not give any dividend and the total value of the fund is reflected in its price. Do the companies whose stocks we owned directly apply equalisation policy on their dividends as well? Why not? As far a stock price is concerned, it usually decrease by the same amount of the dividend payout at ex-date, so in effect, the market in a way does the equalization, the company directly does not do it.
By exploiting institutional investors, HFT does hurt small investors. People with pension, mutual, and index funds get smaller returns. Endowment funds are also going to get hurt which hurts hospitals, schools, charities, and other institutions that work for the public good.  I agree with you though. At this point we would likely be just arguing semantics.
"The most fundamental answer is that when you short a stock (or an ETF), you short a specific number of shares on a specific day, and you probably don't adjust this much as the price wobbles goes up and down. But an inverse fund is not tied to a specific start date, like your own transaction is.  It adjusts on an ongoing basis to maintain its full specified leverage at all times.  If the underlying index goes up, it has to effectively ""buy in"" because its collateral is no longer sufficient to support its open position.  On the other hand, if the underlying index goes down, that frees up collateral which is used to effectively short-sell more of the underlying.  So by design it will buy high and sell low, and so any volatility will pump money out of the fund. I say ""effectively"" because inverse funds use derivatives and contracts, rather than actually shorting the underlying security.   Which brings up the less fundamental issue.  These derivatives and contracts are relatively opaque; the counter-parties are in it for their own benefit, not yours; and the people who run the fund get their expenses regardless of how you do, and they are hard for you to monitor.  This is a hazardous combination."
"As trane_0 suggested above, I am not questioning the validity of the study by Kenichi Ueda and Beatrice Weder Di Mauro. I don't doubt that there is some discount to the risk premium demanded in the market for the debt of systemically important banks.   What I am doubting is that this is a ""subsidy"" by the US government. This is a ""subsidy"" by bond investors, not the US government. Additionally, it is based on the assessment of risk by those investors as there is no explicit guarantee by the US government (see Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns). There is no transfer of wealth by the US government and therefore there is no active subsidy."
A lot of people use dividend stocks as a regular income, which is why dividend stocks are often associated with retirement. If your goal is growth and you're reinvesting capital gains and dividends then investing growth stocks or dividend stocks should have the same effect. The only difference would be if you are manually reinvesting dividends, which could incur extra trading fees.
"Unfortunately, where I live, minimum wage is what is available to High School graduates.  We have an abundance of minimum wage jobs looking to hire, and no docks, and few greater than minimum wage jobs for people right out of High School.  And minimum wage isn't enough to support a person here.  I think school costs have gone up for more than just loans for everyone.  Our colleges have administration bloat, huge wages for the top few, and are being run like businesses rather than schools: profit over people.  Their educational license still stands, but they work to increase their profit rather than increase their quality of education.  I understand that there is a large ""blame game"" going on about why people are poor or undeserving.  They are lazy. They are drug addicts and gangsters.  They are entitled.  Any excuse we can come up with to not help the other guy.  The other issue is HOW we help the other guy:  Do we hand them money and say, ""Go out and succeed""?  That's been our current method.  But both of these issues again fall to education!  If we can improve education so it teaches people how to have an impact on their world, how to find something they can do well, and how to succeed, then we can resolve the other issues.  Right now, our schools teach basic skills: Math, Science, Reading to the extent that the students can past the tests.  But the world is not built on Math, Science, and Reading.  They are important, but more important are social skills, resource allocation and utilization, self-learning, testing and verifying.  Teach them the basics!  We need them!  But teach them to be self-controlling, self-responsible people.  I know this is part of the third paragraph, but I find, on the outset, we may seem like we have completely different views, when in reality, it is simply where we put the emphasis, not the actual view itself, that differs."
Ben already covered most of this in his answer, but I want to emphasize the most important part of getting a loan with limited credit history. Go into a credit union or community bank and talk to the loan officer there in person. Ask for recommendations on how much they would lend based on your income to get the best interest rate that they can offer. Sometimes shortening the length of the loan will get you a lower rate, sometimes it won't. (In any case, make sure you can pay it off quickly no matter the term that you sign with.)  Each bank may have different policies. Talk to at least two of them even if the first one offers you terms that you like. Talking to a loan officer is valuable life experience, and if you discuss your goals directly with them, then they will be able to give you feedback about whether they think a small loan is worth their time.
"I think that pattern is impossible, since the attempt to apply the second half would seem to prevent executing the first. Could you rewrite that as ""After the stock rises to $X, start watching for a drop of $Y from peak price; if/when that happens, sell."" Or does that not do what you want? (I'm not going to comment on whether the proposed programmed trading makes sense. Trying to manage things at this level of detail has always struck me as glorified guesswork.)"
Who says that both parents have to work?  Also, why would you include that as an opportunity cost when a parent staying home can and often does save money from work clothes, lunches out, extra gas, car insurance for a second car, not to mention paying for and repairing a second car.  In the end, when I did my analysis for my own life, if I worked full time, I was going to be in debt to keep working.  My actual per hour pay when taking all of these things into account was less than $1 an hour. That doesn't even take into account daycare, days off of work for doctor visits, or anything else.  It is actually much cheaper for a woman to stay home and be employed in the home economy when she is not making at least $10 to $15 an hour depending on where she lives.    If my husband worked and I diligently tried to save money in other areas we were not currently saving money in, I would actually be earning my keep through home employment.  Things like sewing clothes with materials found, canning foods, baking, gardening, raising our own milk and eggs in small amounts, and recycling everything instead of tossing and buying new reduced our cost significantly.  Look even Elizabeth Warren says in this economy, that low skilled workers with less than a Bachelor's that want to have children would be better off doing it this way because of the price of everything.  It is tantamount to turning everything we have been taught on our heads, but it is true if you run the numbers.
I'll be honest the Dorito loco tacos are a guilty pleasure of mine even though I have NO idea what's in them but their loaded chicken grillers are pretty solid. Get them with no sour cream and hot sauce between 2 and 5 O clock for a buck and you have a budget lunch that's hard to beat.
&gt; Most would prefer to go to the toy store so their children can try the bicycle or riding car and choose the one they like.  Precisely why brick and mortar stores are going out of business.  Hard for them to stay in business when people use them as Amazon's showroom floor to try stuff out before they ultimately buy it on Amazon due to better pricing and return policy.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [As tech companies get richer, is it 'game over' for startups?](https://np.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/781asx/as_tech_companies_get_richer_is_it_game_over_for/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
Just set up a budget. Indicate how much money comes in, how much goes out to must pay expenses (lodging, food, gas, heat, cooling, etc), and determine how much is leftover for anything else you want. If that amount is ok, then you're fine. If not, something needs adjusting.
Bitcoin isn't exactly backed by any substantial economic factors, like a good, skill, etc., and people are less familiar with it than a bond.  The idea of currency existing as debt has been with humankind for thousands of years, and we've just forgotten, so I thought using the bond equivalent wold refresh that thought in peoples minds, and begin a period of rethinking our culture on social and economic terms.
I grew up building gamers from scratch (~1992) and working IRQ, ports, managing conventional memory with those damn boot disks. Then the sound card fiascos. Now that I'm 34 and not into gaming so much, once my PC dies that's the end of my relationship with MS.    It was a fun 22 years and boy did I learn a lot! But that era is long gone. My dad who was right there doing it all with me finally tapped out this year himself. He's a mac-convert at 65. /nerd-nostalgia
Are you looking for best digital marketing agencies in Lebanon? Origin is one of the best &amp; top creative Advertising agency in Syria. We use excellent strategy &amp; tactics to deliver the best services to promote your business. Contact us for a quote!
If you look at history, it shows that the more people predict corrections the less was the chance they came. That doesn't prove it stays so, though. 2017 is not any different than other years in the future: Independent of this, with less than ten years remaining until you need to draw from your money, it is a good idea to move away from high risk (and high gain); you will not have enough time to recover if it goes awry. There are different approaches, but you should slowly and continuously migrate your capital to less risky investments. Pick some good days and move 10% or 20% each time to low-risk, so that towards the end of the remaining time 90 or 100% are low or zero risk investments. Many investment banks and retirement funds offer dedicated funds for that, they are called 'Retirement 2020' or 'Retirement 2030'; they do exactly this 'slow and continuous moving over' for you; just pick the right one.
"There's nothing to rebalance, the index fund rebalances itself to continue matching the index. However, you need to understand that such an investment is not diversified and you only invest in a very specific market, and very specific stocks on that market. S&P 500 is large (500 different companies, most of the time), but still not as broadly diversified as your retirement investment portfolio should be. You should talk to a financial adviser (CFP for example), many companies provide access to these for 401k plan participants. But in any case, I'd suggest considering ""target date"" funds - funds that are investing based on your expected retirement year, and become more conservative as you get closer to that year."
"Discussions around expected values and risk premiums are very useful, but there's another thing to consider: cash flow. Some individuals have high value assets that are vital to them, such as  transportation or housing.  The cost of replacing these assets is prohibitive to them: their cashflow means that their rate of saving is too low to accrue a fund large enough to cover the asset's loss. However, their cashflow is such that they can afford insurance. While it may be true that, over time, they would be ""better off"" saving that money in an asset replacement fund, until that fund reaches a certain level, they are unprotected. Thus, it's not just about being risk averse; there are some very pragmatic reasons why individuals with low disposable income might elect to pay for insurance when they would be financially better off without it."
Are you searching out a digital advertising company in the Dubai, At search engine marketing-daddy, Digital Marketing With workplaces in Dubai and Saudi Arabia, we put in force fine practices for clients who are prepared to digital marketing startups elements into their business techniques. This takes place due to dishonorable virtual marketing dubai,search engine advertising administrations like making use of Black Hat search engine optimization control to decorate web page, pointless backing with the resource of the third birthday party referencing, using of shrouded messages and concealed connections and so on.
I haven't really dug into this story.  Did he release a public memo, or did he write an internal memo that someone else released?  To me, that's a big difference.  Anyone should be allowed to voice their concerns and get a fair hearing, and an organization that fires anyone who questions their policies is toxic.  The way some stories are written, it sounds as though the VP of Diversity had his head because he dared to question the way she does her job.   That's quite a bit different than airing your grievances publicly, though.  Frankly, if one of my employees had a viral rant about my company, I'd probably show him the door.  It's not about his opinions at that point, it's about the lack of discretion.
This creates high levels of efficiency, but is efficiency really what we need?  A robot is very efficient, and increases income, but for who?  When a corporation absorbs another, it does so *with the expectation* that redundant jobs will be shed, and that the income from those jobs will go to the shareholders.  And so one can see where income inequality has it's roots.
I'm a pretty big Yelp user. I have been frequenting a new local business and have come to understand how their reviews get filtered to help them. It's very simple to get the filtered reviews to come up on the main page.   If you sign up and do one review it will be on the main page for a little while, a week or two, then drop off. They give the new user time to start doing reviews and to become part of the community. If there is no other activity, they become filtered. To get them back to the main page all the user has to do is friend a few people and do some more reviews. Not many even. They are a small sandwich shop and know their regulars. I shared with them this simple information and I have seen their page go from two reviews to seven. They just asked their customers to review other places and their reviews came back.   The Yelp system is to stop the one review and done people. It works the same for bad reviews as well.
Okay as long as you aren't dumb enough to actually think this would be worth pursuing. I don't want you to waste your money when it could go towards something nice, like your house budget.  If you really do believe they are overvalued there are much better strategies.
Luck and merit are not mutually exclusive.  It takes luck to get merit.   The most interesting part of the cartoon is not that some rich man has the power to push back the hoard but that otherwise the whole earth would just be covered up and then what?  Humans need to stop breeding. 7 billlion is already too much.
Awesome, you are a math guy.  Very good for you.  In theory, what you are proposing, should work out great as the math works out great.  However have you taken a economics or finance coursework?  The math that they do in these class will leave a most math guys uncomfortable with the imprecision even when one is comfortable with chaos theory. Personal finance is worse.  If it were about math things like reverse mortgages, payday lenders, and advances on one income tax returns would not exist.   The risk derived from the situation you describe is one born out of behavior.  Sometimes it is beyond control of the person attempting your scheme.  Suppose one of these happen: In my opinion the market is risky enough without borrowing money in order to invest.  Its one thing to not pay extra principle to a mortgage in order to put that money in play in the market, it is another thing to do what you are suggesting.  While their may be late fees associated with a mortgage payment, a fixed rate mortgage will not change if you late on payment(s). On these balance transfer CC schemes they will jack your rate up for any excuse possible.  I read an article that the most common way to end up with a 23%+ credit card was to start out with a 0% balance transfer.  One thing that is often overlooked is that the transfer fee paid jacks up the stated rate of the card.   In the end, get out of consumer debt, have an emergency fund, then start investing.  Building a firm financial foundation is the best way to go about it.  Without one it will be difficult to make headway.  With one your net worth will increase faster then you imagined possible.
Thank you. I try to lead my firm in a way where everyone feels important; I like to surround myself with intelligent and hardworking people.  I appreciate the empathy (and sympathy) regarding my age - some people are jealous, others don't understand. That's there problem, not mine.   I actually managed an ice cream shop when I was in high school too. (;  Good luck!
That will depend on what area of finance you're interested in. For some sectors you shouldn't focus on programming as a skill to learn outside the classroom (for example CRE, iBanking). Personally I think VBA, Python and R would be great places to start (and useful in sectors such as risk management, trading and possibly even the insurance industry). Just pick one, the first one you learn will take the longest after that you'll realize learning more isn't that hard.
"The market price of a stock is based on nothing at all more than what two parties were last willing to transact for it. The stock has a ""bid"" and an ""ask"" each is the value placed by a counterparty. For the sale to occur, one party must meet the other. The stock transacts and that is the price. For a stock to ""go up"" people must be willing to pay more for it. Likewise, for it to ""go down"" people must be willing to accept less for it."
As weird as it seems, 5 years is not a long term investment.  Furthermore investing is about accepting risk.  Based on your criteria for the alternative to a down payment, I think your only choice is to make the larger down payment. If however, you were willing to invest that money for the long term (in a retirement account or an educational account for example) then I would definitely encourage you to invest.  I think the chance that a long term investment in a diversified investment account will exceed 3.25% is pretty high.  However, that is only my opinion, and I am not clairvoyant, so your let your personal tolerance to risk be your guide. But again, based on the way you asked it, down payment all the way.  Your time frame means you are not an investor.  Therefore your only option for risk free storage of money is an FDIC insured account, which might pay a little less than 1% for the next 5 years.  A bigger down payment will have a 3.25% return in this case. In that order.  #4 and #5 could be swapped if the interest rate on the loans is really low.
When the check is deposited, the bank verifies the signature in the check matches your signature in file.
If this was going on in the UK, I would try to get a mental capacity assessment done on the father. There are laws that stop you taking advantage of people that don’t understand what is going on; these laws could be used against the manager, but only if you can clearly prove that the father does not understand that the “business” is losing money. If the father does understand what is going on, then there is nothing you can do, as he has every right to waste his money, and anyone that may inherit what is left has no rights until he is dead.
No, you may not deduct the charitable contributions of your children. The Nest covers this in detail: The IRS only allows you to deduct charitable contributions that you personally funded, whether the contribution was made in your name or in someone else's. If your child or dependent makes a donation to a charity, you are not allowed to claim it as a tax deduction. This is true even if your dependent does not claim the contribution on his own tax return because he opts for the standard deduction rather than itemizing or claims exemption. Now, had you constructed the transaction differently, it's possible you could've made the contribution in your child's name and thus claimed the deduction.  Allowance is technically a gift, and if she agrees to forgo allowance in exchange for you making a contribution, well, the IRS can't really complain (though they might try if it were a large amount!). Contributions in the name of someone else, but funded by yourself, are deductible: [Y]ou can deduct contributions you make in someone else’s name. So if you donated a certain amount of money to XYZ charity in your child’s name, for example, you would be able to deduct this amount on your taxes, as long as the deduction requirements are met. You will need to keep accurate records of the payment along with the receipt from the organization to prove you financed the donation.
Awesome to see this.  Costco is a much better company and they treat their employees well.  I'm happy to see Walmart employees stand up for their rights and make a stand.  It must be incredibly difficult for them as well, considering their financial situation.
"She claimed that she makes money. When you wanted to make some too, she asked for your account credentials - which are only needed to take money away, never to give. The simplest explanation would be loan scam: Even if you have only $10 on your account, you can lose much more - the trick is that someone using your credentials can take an online loan in your name, and steal that money. If the scheme is long-running, she'll be taking new loans and using the money to pay back the earlier ones, building up credit history for her victims - only to allow taking even bigger loans. Her victims see the incoming transfers and are happy about the scheme ""working"". Until she decides that the pot is big enough to cash it in and disappear, leaving everyone deep in debt. Those who fell for this could be already defaulting loans they have no idea about and the loan companies have no way of notifying them, because she redirected the contact details. Never reveal your password. Nobody needs your password for any legitimate purpose."
1) Don't get an MBA yet. You should spend ~3-5 years in the industry first.  2) If you think you need Excel classes, you probably need Excel classes. Depending on what type of path you want to take, either learn financial modeling/forecasting or data analysis. Or both. There are a ton of free resources online to get yourself started. [Like this.](http://macabacus.com/)  3) If you need to, start in an ops/support role to build your network. These roles don't require a ton of industry experience, allow you to build your skill set, and (most importantly) allow you to network with people in the industry. I started off in a Market Risk support role at a major bank and now I'm working in front office finance. Just go above and beyond people's expectations, learn as much as possible, and keep an end game goal in mind.
I've called both BofA and Amex Customer Support, and they couldn't help. That's because you cannot. Debit card is tied to your checking account, so you can do a cash advance from your AMEX and deposit it to your BOA checking account. It will then be available to use with your debit card.
Completely agree. Wal-Mart has both the capital and the wherewithal to readjust incredibly quickly as they deem it necessary to do so. Couple those with the clout they have with manufacturers and it's fairly easy to see that a threat to Wal-Mart such as to see them 'losing all' to Amazon is more than a bit overly optimistic on an Amazon fanatic's part.  I like Amazon, and shop there regularly, arguably more than Wal-Mart.. ..but, I shop at both. There are certain things that Wal-Mart is just 'better' for.. ..for now. Things change, but Wal-Mart can easily afford to change with it if it feels so inclined. They aren't IBM vs Microsoft; stuck in a mindset and incapable of imagining a reality outside of that. Even with that analogy, IBM is still around.
I’ve spent roughly $70,000 at Amazon the past 3 years (calculated using their spreadsheet data of spending in the account section). What these businesses don’t understand is that the products are all the same and the pricing varies minimally; customer service is and always will be my number one determining factor in where I do business. It takes me 30 seconds to get an Amazon agent on the line and 20 minutes for a Best Buy agent, plus Amz’s return policies beat the shit out of B.B’s.
There are two unique identifiers for a bank account: SWIFT code + bank internal identifier, or IBAN code. IBAN is mostly used within European banking system, and the whole code provides a direct and unique identification of the account. SWIFT is an international network where each bank/bank branch has its own address, and account number is a metadata added to the message for the receiving bank to handle. Usually the name of the recipient and additional information are required when wiring money through the SWIFT network, to match the records and make sure there's no mistake. Account numbers don't have to be unique, not even within the same bank. There's always something else in addition to uniquely identify them.
That's not exactly what I said, but can you point to a specific policy by a President that caused any of these crashes or booms?  War would be one, but you'd rarely hear a President calling to start a war in the modern era to boost the economy...
I've read multiple times that the way to rebuild the credit score is to get a credit card and then have some minor charges on it every month and have them paid in full every month. Old negative events age and this disciplined activity rebuild the score to some not to horrible levels. Now it's true that it's hard to get reasonably good credit cards when your credit score is poor. Yet it's not necessary to have a good credit card for this case - such things as large credit limit are not needed. All that's needed is a long grace period so that there's no interest between the moment a charge is done and a moment the bill is paid in full at the end of the month. Yes, the card may have rather high interest and rather low credit limit, but it doesn't really matter. I've read once on MSN Money that people are offered credit even while they're in the middle of bankruptcy, so it's not impossible to get a credit card in the described situation. Goes without saying that a lot of discipline will be needed to have all this implemented.
I don't but you sounded like a close minded Jesus loving teenage redneck couch-potato from bible belt who only watches FoxTV. I am aware that RT is an official Russian government channel but that doesn't change the fact that dollar is in trouble. But i don't blame you. US high schools probably not gonna teach you that ;)   Here, you can read from a variety of other 'trusted' sources:   http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052748703907004576279321350926848  http://business.financialpost.com/2013/10/15/us-dollar-supremacy-decline/  http://www.cnbc.com/id/101650260#. http://www.thenational.ae/business/industry-insights/markets/us-federal-reserve-powerless-to-halt-dollars-decline
"Old question I know, but I have some thoughts to share. Your title and question say two different things.  ""Better off"" should mean maximizing your ex-ante utility.  Most of your question seems to describe maximizing your expected return, as do the simulation exercises here.  Those are two different things because risk is implicitly ignored by what you call ""the pure mathematical answer.""  The expected return on your investments needs to exceed the cost of your debt because interest you pay is risk-free while your investments are risky. To solve this problem, consider the portfolio problem where paying down debt is the risk-free asset and consider the set of optimal solutions.  You will get a capital allocation line between the solution where you put everything into paying down debt and the optimal/tangent portfolio from the set of risky assets.   In order to determine where on that line someone is, you must know their utility function and risk parameters.  You also must know the parameters of the investable universe, which we don't."
We are the richest nation in the history of the world. We produce and consume more now than at any point in history.   Credit card debt is nowhere near historical levels. Delinquency rates on credit card loans is near the lowest it has ever been.  https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/DRCCLACBS   It may seem wild and not make a lot of sense that data does not fit your worldview, but let yourself be open to information that conflicts with your own.   otherwise you are just held hostage by your own misconceptions.   You are going to wait a lifetime for that riot pal and you may learn to capitalize proper nouns while you are at it.
They already don't have anywhere to live and can't afford to eat and wear clothes, you want them to waste 8+ hours a day on top of that? Hell, why not pay them 3 dollars an hour? Even more jobs! Isn't that better? Better than 0, right?
"It's not just u/foood and Dems that dislike Rauner. Any politically conscious moderate understands that both Madigan and Rauner are to blame. Madigan's leadership in reckless spending has helped produce a massive deficit, but Rauner's ""my way or the highway"" attitude has been far more damaging to the state and is the primary root cause of the current now years-long budget impasse."
The problem with a quick, easy solution to losing weight is that it usually leads to quick, easy weight gain shortly thereafter. There are hundreds of weight loss natural tips out there, and you may be tired of hearing the same advice repeated over and over. The truth is, there are no new weight loss tips. The same honest truth of yesterday is the truth today.
In the Rocky Mounttain, for security purpose, it is important to check all the baggage. It is also important to find the best escape routes in case of any emergency, look for the two nearest emergency exits. Static Balancing of aircraft is also very much important as having extra baggage and extra weight can able to create many problems for the aircraft. It sometime also happens that while carrying extra luggage can lead to have some unconditional accidents while landing or take off of the aircraft. For doing the deice form the surface of the aircraft a machine is used for spraying the chemical and  the machine works very fine to remove the ice from the surface of the aircraft. For further more information about Aeroprop, visit to our website.
Because swing trading isn't the only reason to buy a stock, and it's not the only way to make money on a stock.  I do not have the expertise to make advice one way or the other, but I personally I feel swing trading is one of the worse ways to invest in the stock market. To answer your specific questions: In the previous post, I outlined a naive trade intended to make $1,000 off a $10k buy, but it was shown this would likely fail, even if the stock price would have increased by 10% had I not placed the trade. Another way to state this is that my trade would disrupt the stock price, and not in my favor at all. So, that means I'd have to settle for a smaller trade. If I bought $100 worth of the stock, that size of a buy wouldn't be too disruptive. I might succeed and get $10 out of the trade (10% of $100). But my trade fee was $8 or so... To summarize, you are completely correct that even hoping for gains of 10% on a consistent basis (in other words, after every single trade!) is totally unrealistic.  You already seem to understand that swing trading on low-volume stocks is pointless.  But your last question was... So how do people make any significant money trading low volume stocks--if they even do? I assume money is made, since the stocks are bought and sold. I have some guesses, but I'd like to hear from the experts. ... and in a comment: Then if no one does make significant money trading these stocks...what are they doing there on the market?  The answer is that the buying and selling is mostly likely not by swing traders.  It's by investors that believe in the company.  The company is on the market because the company believes public trading to be an advantageous position for them to receive capital investments, and there are people out there who think that transaction makes sense.  In other words, real investing.
Gure neskek bezeroaren eskakizunak betetzen dituzte eta pozik daude. Karlsruhe-ren kulturari buruz benetan ulertu nahi duzun zerbitzu indibiduala al da? Hemen bazkide bakarra aurkitu ahal izango duzu fun jartzeko, hiri gehienetan erospark hegoaldeko Alemanian dago. Zure bikotearekin sexua nahi baduzu, gure webgunea bisitatu dezakezu. Profileko informazioa biltzen duzunean, datuak atzitu ditzakezu. Era berean, kideen jarrerak eta jarrerak erraz identifikatu ahal izango dira guneko kudeaketan.
'there simply aren’t that many grocery items (a typical grocery store will have between 30,000 and 50,000 SKUs)'  Yes, a 'typical' grocery store will have that many SKUs. If you visit Amazon grocery, you can add in many many more SKUs - and that is without fresh produce, etc.
I think your understanding is correct as far as you describe, but you don't mention a critical detail to me.  You also imply some penalty details for early withdrawal / cancellation but you don't state those terms in detail. Where and when is the interest paid?  Does it go into the same CD for compounding?  Does it get paid to another account?  The description does say that it is priced at par, so we at least know that the interest doesn't have to be stuck unpaid within the CD until maturity, but it also means you don't necessarily get compounding at the CD rate. Without knowing where the interest goes, and if it's available for compounding, be careful in how you compare it to other CDs / savings accounts.  A compoundable structure might be a better option, even at a lower APY.
The cost to the store is small. They may have to pay a slightly greater fee because the transaction is now bigger. They do need additional cash on hand. Even though the majority of transactions are electronic (credit/debit) or check, the local grocery store still seems to have significant cash on hand. This is seen as a customer service. If there is a 2% fee the $50 advance costs them $1 for the minority of customers that take advantage of it. After more than 10 years of doing this they have figured this into the cost of groceries. Of course the credit card company could also waive the fee to store. My credit card online statement does tell me how much cash back was received. The line says date, store, amount ($40.00 cash over and $123.45 purchases) $163.45 total. Therefore the credit card company knows that cash back was used.
"It becomes illegal when it is both material and nonpublic information. Material being defined as: Information that you would want and significantly alters the perception of the stock. To your point -- ""materiality"" is really up to the courts Nonpublic This is a little easier to define, but need to be careful if the information is disclosed selectively -- ie to just a small number of investment analysts -- this may still be nonpublic There is also an exception to this -- Mosaic Theory - This is the research you are referring to where the analyst calls up suppliers, etc and obtains information that is nonmaterial (wouldn't move the price of the security) but using experience and combined with public information creates something that is meaningful and could move the price of the security.  This is perfectly legal.  Material examples:"
You may also want to consider Delaware and Nevada as possible corporate homes.  They are common choices for out of state corporations.  You may find that they are better options.   Will earnings prior to forming the LLC have to be claimed as self-employment income? If so, would it be easier to wait until the next calendar year to form the LLC? Earnings after forming the Limited Liability Corporation (LLC) will probably have to be claimed as self-employment income.  See How LLC Members Are Taxed for more discussion.  In particular, read the section on self-employment taxes:   The current rule is that any owner who works in or helps manage the business must pay this tax on his or her distributive share (rightful share of profits). However, owners who are not active in the LLC -- that is, those who have merely invested money but don't provide services or make management decisions for the LLC -- may be exempt from paying self-employment taxes on their share of profits. The regulations in this area are a bit complicated, but if you actively manage or work in your LLC, you can expect to pay self-employment tax on all LLC profits allocated to you. As I read it, you actively work in the LLC, so it is unlikely that you can avoid paying self-employment taxes.  So it shouldn't make any difference when you officially start an LLC.  You'll have to pay self-employment taxes before and after creating the LLC regardless.   If you don't want to pay self-employment taxes, you may want to consider forming a Subchapter C corporation.  They don't have the same tax structure as Subchapter S corporations or LLCs.  You would be paid some kind of wage, salary, or commission and the corporation would pay the employer's side of the payroll taxes.   Note that Subchapter S corporations and LLCs exist because they usually pay less in tax than Subchapter C corporations do.  Even including the self-employment taxes that you owe.   A CPA should be able to guide you in making these decisions and help you with setup.   The one time that I started a corporation, I just paid a few hundred dollars to a service and they filed the paperwork for me.  That included state fees and notice costs.  The CPA probably has a service association already.
Having just gone through this process as a buyer via broker in Israel, here are my thoughts: Tl;dr: An incentive such as you are suggesting would not be particularly helpful. In this case, your best option is to spend your efforts shopping for a broker that you can trust. The rest: Your main concern is that the broker will find you a place at the top of your budget and will not negotiate aggressively. The main person responsible for negotiation is YOU. You are paying for the property, and you are putting in bids: not your agent. The agent should advise you, but in the end should pass along your bids directly. The real problem is that you, as the buyer, generally do not have as close a feel for the pulse of the market as the broker, who should be quite aware of recent closings in the neighborhood. Therefore, there are a few things that you can do to help arm yourself: At the end of the day, if you have decided to use a broker, you are making a large financial commitment to hire someone to find you the best place, and therefore it may be more important at this point to spend your efforts shopping around for the best broker, rather than trying to figure out how to outsmart her. You are correct: buyers' agents DO have incentives to sell you on places that may not be right or good for you. For example: Although your scheme may help a bit with the first concern, it will not help at all with the other two, which I assume to be much more likely problems in any event. Instead, find recommendations for brokers from others. Have the broker show you a few properties and put in some low bids to get a feel for how she handles them. Discuss the properties together and try to assess if they really have your interests in mind. You are paying a lot for their service, and you should make sure, as much as possible, that they really are working honestly and in your best interest. A good broker who knows his market and is trying to help you can be a great asset in the opaque, cutthroat real estate market. הבל הבלים, הכל הבל. סוף דבר הכל נשמע, את האלוהים יירא ואת מצוותיו שמור כי זה כל האדם. Good luck!
You can do many things: Risk free: Risk of losing:
"I watch a lot of the Vice shows on HBO.  Generally I like what they do.  But they are obviously very liberal-slanted.  I got a little irritated last week when they did a segment about health care.  One of the reporters talked to a bunch of doctors about health care.  They all talked about how the payments from insurance companies are small and/or unfair, etc.  Then at the end, all the doctors just kind of said ""single payer health care would be the best plan"".  But they never provided any kind of outline for what plan that is.  There are many different ways to organize a single payer system.  But to just say ""single payer is great"" seems unhelpful to me, and just trying to push a bias."
Best holiday packages in Dubai are available for you with gomosafer, the online travel division of Mosafer. Dubai is a popular mid-east destination and has become quite popular holidaying destination from the past two decades. It has historic forts, impressive seascapes, luxury hotels, and sandunes and so on.
I've applied to work for chase four times in the last month, and have been turned down four times. Y'all are the embarrassment for not hiring me!! I'd be the best addition to your company you've ever known. I'm embarrassed for you for continuing to operate without me on staff.
How long will that transition take? And why did you get into construction?  I ask because I'm curious about how geography, the number of jobs in your area in that particular field, your perception of job options, why you chose that occupation at the time, and how long you expect your transition from one job to another to take. Those things factor into other arguments going on about this article and I'm curious how that information relates to myself and others.  You mentioned CC debt as building the trade deficit and that isn't entirely true, at least from what I've read about the deficit. The deficit is a symptom/outcome of some of which you know, but the decisions businesses make to outsource doesn't just add to that, but builds a skill deficit. Manufacturing is a good example of businesses outsourced and that skill seeing less and less entry level work due to it, which inhibits choice of income.  As for wages, a lot of countries have minimum wage laws, but to suggest one or another is disastrous for an entire country ignores a variety of economic factors that lead to a crap economy.
I am a Swede living in Sweden and buy this instead of milk. They have replacements for most milk based products. Their yoghurt and cooking cream is amazing. Oatly also writes funny and useful information on their cartridges. A bit more expensive but that's okay for me.
How frequently do people make the switch from back office to front office for S&amp;T roles like that? WSO says its nearly impossible. I know a guy who went from equity research at MS to trader at JPM; he networked hard and did a huge front office transition. Which is more common out of big front-front transitions and back-to-front on the same floor?
Agree with you here. I had to hammer in that concept for all our upcoming IT projects ~ most of these guys just never think in those terms, but frankly, that's the main way we decide on which projects to invest in with a limited budget. How the hell else am I supposed to put it? Results is only half the picture - huge results with even larger costs doesn't automatically  make it a good idea.
Ib banking according to every friend and every article is 80.   Your dad is the first 80 hour emergency doc Ive met if hes an attending and not a resident. Hell I know interventional cardiologists and radiologists who work less than 65 hours a week.
"&gt; meant for adults with families  &gt;meant  It's a job. It doesn't have some greater purpose in life.   It is ""meant"" for anyone who can perform the task.  If the economy is such that a person with children occupies that position, then we should not simply say ""well tough luck buddy, go starve and fuck yourself.""   We should say ""Positions should be able to pay people enough such that law abiding citizens can afford to live on them. All positions""   We should strive to make people happier."
"This is another semantics question.  Again what matters is how the words are commonly used, as the usage came about long before the technical definitions. In this case, when people say ""mutual fund,"" they are often including both unit investment trusts and closed end funds.  Despite the labels the SEC has given in order to differentiate them, I'd say it's common (typical) practice to think of a closed-end fund as a type of mutual fund, rather than a different category altogether.  That's the way I've seen it used, anyway."
First, corporate profits can grow relative to GDP.  If companies succeed in growing revenue without paying much more to workers, then corporate profits and stock prices will grow relative to GDP.  That has been happening for the last couple decades.  If you require that we keep corporate profits vs GDP constant, then borrowing/leverage is how you do it.  Companies can expand their operations on a fixed amount of shareholder equity, and as long as they can grow their profits faster than the cost of the debt, then shareholders keep the upside.  But this also means that share prices will quickly fall if profits decline even a small amount, because the debt must still be paid off.
If you plan to stay in Europe for some time, then you should match your income currency with your liability currency, and so should use the Euro loan to pay off the INR loan, thereby eliminating the currency risk that you currently bear every time you convert Euro into INR to pay down the loan.  Plus, you have a much lower interest rate.  So, do it !
"Too many barriers to entry. New graduates are stuck in a catch 22 senerio if they didn't do internships in their field while in college. Most ""Entry-level"" positions require 2-3 years experience, many certifications, and knowledge of proprietary software which the universities don't have acess to."
My point was to collect as much tax revenue as possible without letting a loophole curtail the collection of said taxes. How ever that is accomplished is a possible solution I support, if the end game eventually disallows paying your own corp in a different country to bring down your bottom line then so be it. Or maybe we should watch what corps categorize as expenses, this is the magic of the internet, people can kick ideas around, you on the other hand had a virtual boner to find a small hole in my suggestion in which you could try to curtail the discussion.    Instead of be anti-intellectual and trying to find tiny flaws in someones suggestions, why not make some of your own. Because last I checked shooting down suggestions while offering none of your own was not a productive practice.
Do you mean commercial real estate lending or corporate lending?  Sadly private equity is really difficult to get into without an investment banking background.  You will be competing with people who have investment banking backgrounds and also MBAs from top 5 schools.  I have friends at HBS, Wharton, etc and they all told me how difficult it is even for them.  It's not even guaranteed at that level.  Obviously, nothing is impossible but a huge challenge.
Nothing beats statistics like that found on Morning Star, Yahoo or Google Finance.  When you are starting out, there is no need to reinvent the wheel.  Pick a couple of mutual funds with good track records and start there.   Keep in mind the financial press, to some degree, has a vested interest in having their readership chase the next hot thing.  So while sites like Seeking Alpha, Kiplingers, or Money do provide some good advice, there is also an element that placates their advertisers.   The only peer-to-peer lending I would consider is Lending Club.  However, you are probably better off in the long run investing in mutual funds.  One way to get involved in individual stocks without getting burned is to participate in Dividend Reinvestment Plans (DRIPs).  Companies that have them tend to be very well established, and they are structured to discourage trading.  Buying is easy, dividend reinvestment is easy, dividend payouts are easy; but, starting and selling  is kind of a pain.  That is a good thing.
"When lending through Kiva you are not making a ""charitable contribution"" it's a loan so you cannot deduct the amount you loaned out.  If you do lose money from your loan you can write off your entire loss same as you would with any other investment. However you should be careful because in the event of a tax audit you need to have the proper documentation in order to prove that loss (I don't know what Kiva provides). So to answer your question, no you would not be liable for any taxes from a Kiva loan."
"I recently requested an off-schedule escrow analysis. We refinanced a house in August and the servicer got confused about when the home owner's insurance was due (in October). They refunded the ""insurance"" money to us in September. That combined with the fact that the insurance amount was different than what they expected, made me request the escrow analysis. That way I can decide whether to pay up the escrow account now or do it over the next year. The servicer agent just said that the monthly payment amounts might change again in January when they do the usual analysis. If you like to set up automatic payments, that would be a downside. I haven't done that yet, so not a problem for me."
"You understood it pretty right. Every fiscal year (which runs from April 6 year Y to April 5 year Y+1), you can deposit a total GBP15k (this number is subject to an annual increase by HMRC) into your ISAs. You can open 2 new ISA every year but the amount deposited to those ISAs shall not excess GBP15k in total. From the 2016/17 tax year some ISAs now permit you to replace any funds you have withdrawn, without using up your allowance. It used to be that if you deposited GBP15K and then withdrew GBP5K, you could not pay in to that ISA again within that tax year as you had already used your full allowance. Under new Flexible ISA rules this would be allowed providing you replace the funds in the same ISA account and within the same tax year (strongly recommend that you check the small prints related to your account to make sure this is he case). Any gains and losses on the investments held in the ISA accounts are for you to take. i.e. If you make investment gains of GBP5K this does not reduces your allowance. You will still be able to deposit GBP15k (or whatever HMRC increases that number to) in the following year. You are also allowed to consolidate your ISAs. You can ask bank A to transfer the amount held into an ISA with bank held with bank B. This is usually done by filling a special form with the bank that will held the money post transactions. Again here be very careful. DO NOT withdraw the money to transfer it yourself as this would count against the GBP15K limit. Instead follow the procedures from the bank. Finally if you don't use your allowance for a given year, you cannot use it during the following year. i.e. if you don't deposit the GBP15K this year, then you cannot deposit GBP30K next year. NB: I used the word ""deposit"". It does not matter to HMRC if the money get invested or not. If you are in a rush on April 4th, just make sure the money is wired into the ISA account by the 5th. No need to rush and make bad investment decision. You can invest it later.  Hope it helps"
"The government thought of that a long time ago, and has any loophole there plugged. Like if you set up a company to buy a car and then allow you to use it ... You can use the car for company business, like driving to a customer's office to make a sales call or delivery, and the cost of the car is then tax deductible. But the company must either prohibit personal use of the car, or keep a log of personal versus business use and the personal use becomes taxable income to you. So at best you'd get to deduct an expense here and then you'd have to add it back there for a net change in taxable income of zero. In general the IRS is very careful about personal use of business property and makes it tough to get away with a free ride. I'm sure there are people who lie about it and get away with it because they're never audited, but even if that causes you no ethical qualms, it's very risky. I don't doubt that there are people with very smart lawyers who have found loopholes in the rules. But it's not as simple as, ""I call myself a business and now all my personal expenses become tax deductible business expenses."" If you could do that, everybody would do it and no one would pay taxes. Which might be a good thing, but the IRS doesn't see it that way."
Hey, sole proprietorships called (don't those comprise roughly 50% of all businesses?) they want to know what corporate tax is.  Hell, most of them want to know what payroll tax is.  They just know it's not fun paying both halves of it.  From my perspective over on the incorporated side: Oh HEY, I'm incorporated as an S-Corp or and LLC -remember those?- and they're going to suck out five percent MORE of my GROSS.  I'll fax you my cash flows statement.  It's going to look like a severed artery.  For those lucky enough to be joining us from the C-Corp world, enjoy trying to retain your key employees without seeing your payroll costs go through the roof.  If you have all your employees by the balls because they don't have the skills to easily transfer [if you think you do, hint: you don't] then I hope you have the stomach to watch them all falling further and further behind and into debt.   I don't.
"The author really glosses over the impact of changes pertaining to ""return to work"" requirements/qualification.   [In Georgia, some recipient groups have been reduced by 60%](http://www.myajc.com/news/breaking-news/more-will-have-work-keep-food-stamps/pu0Y9SASOVxc5QwEzJJLdJ/). I'd be cautious about celebrating this kind of report being connected to people rising out of poverty status. The more obvious conclusion is that the reductions owe more to people simply being excluded from SNAP."
There's a case to be made that companies below a certain market cap have more potential than the higher ones.  Consider, Apple cannot grow 100 fold from its current value. At $700B or so in value, that would be a $70T goal, just about the value of all the combined wealth in the entire US. At some point, the laws of large numbers take over, and exponential growth starts to flatten out.  On the flip side, Apple may have as good or better chance to rise 10% over the next 6-12 months as a random small cap stock.
I would personally look at consolidating your debt at a lower interest rate by refinancing your mortgage. I would leave any retirement funds alone unless it was absolutely necessary to touch it with no other avenues available. However, once you have consolidated your debt into the mortgage I would pay more than the minimum amount so that you don't take too long to pay it off. I would put about 50% of the freed-up cash flow back into the repayments, that way you will be paying more debt off quicker and you will have additional cash flow to help your monthly budget. Another good point would be to go through your monthly budget to see if there is any expenses you could reduce or eliminate.
As an American living in Canada, you don't get it.  The USA wants all of us expats to pay taxes twice. No other country but one does that.   If the USA would follow the rest of the world and not tax profits again after being taxed abroad, these companies wouldn't leave.  We could be having a better conversation here, but it's meaningless buzzwords of patriotism and boycotting.   Burger King will have growth and profit internationally. It makes more sense for them to focus on that. If they end up with 20% of their profit from the USA, why would they pay 120% taxes?  Obviously it's not quite as simple as that, but you get the general idea. The last thing our politicians want is us talking about eliminating double taxation. Just as you can't be tried for the same crime twice, you should not be taxed twice. When BK pays local taxes in whatever country they're in, whether it's lower or higher than the US is irrelevant. Taxes have been paid. End of story. Doesn't matter if it's a lower rate or creative accounting. It's done.
"If you are going to keep your US bank account for any period of time, the very best option I know of is to withdraw Euros from an atm using your US card once you are in Germany.    I draw on my US account regularly (I'm in Munich) and always get the going ""mid market"" exchange rate, which is better than what you get from a currency conversion service, transfer agency, or bank transfer, and there are no fees from the atm or my bank for the currency conversion or withdrawal.   Of course you should check with your bank to verify their rules and fees for atm use internationally.  It would also be wise to put a travel advisory on your account to be sure your transaction is not denied because you are out of country."
"At that point I was between relationships, and not really looking for one, so there was no ""spot formerly known as 'wet'"" to sleep in. I don't know if she ate breakfast or not. She would still be asleep when I left for the rec center at 6AM, then off to breakfast and class.   My friend who lived down the hall ""Bret the Voice"" noticed and would sometimes come over to hang out for a bit when she came over. We'd kick him out when it was time to sleep though.  It was a Cali-king sized bed I made from lashing two long twins together. Flannel sheets during the winter and lounging pillows on the floor made my dormroom The Place to hangout for my friends. Everyone called it ""The Bed of Lounging"". Every once in a while we'd have 4-5 people sleeping in it after a raucous weekend night.  No snoring I recall. I would fall asleep first and was the big spoon. I've never been able to sleep face-to-face with anyone, including my wife of 16 years.   The arrangement came to a halt when Bret the Voice and I moved out of the grad dorm the next year for a apartment off campus. Pam came over a few times to sleep, but not often because she couldn't just walk across campus. She had to drive. And by that time I was starting to get serious with a young lady from my art classes who was the most beautiful girl I'd ever been out with.  That's when I got a waterbed. They wouldn't let me put one in the dorm, even though I was on the ground floor. I asked..."
my first reaction to the buy out was this is great for Whole Foods.  bushels of new money coming in.  currently, Whole Foods stores are in very limited areas.  probably need to 4x or 5x locations to get big enough to give the Bezos drones a good workout  btw, I'd rather be the farmer right now
I think the police normal shift is a 12 hour shift. In order to get OT pay, you must either work more than 3 shifts a week, or work more than 12 hours in your shift. This is some hard working police, I don't think anyone should complaint about the OT paid.
&gt;by the morons  Who would pay that much for this site? I have never met a single person who uses that site or thinks it is worth paying for. All their commercials star older people which immediately makes me think it's a scam or useless.
&gt; With the medallion system, there is some level of protection to ensure that the industry remains viable for those who carry a medallion  Barely any if not close to zero Taxi drivers own medallions. They have to lease the taxi + medallion from a company that owns it, usually for a rate per 12 hour shift. Also while paying high credit card processing fees ~15% and other misc fees to the company that owns the cab and medallion.
The example from the following website: Investopedia - Calculating The Present And Future Value Of Annuities  specifically the section 'Calculating the Present Value of an Annuity Due' shows how the calculation is made.  Using their figures, if five payments of $1000 are made over five years and depreciation (inflation) is 5%, the present value is $4545.95  There is also a formula for this summation, (ref. finance formulas)
"A ""Fund"" is generally speaking a collection of similar financial products, which are bundled into a single investment, so that you as an individual can buy a portion of the Fund rather than buying 50 portions of various products. e.g. a ""Bond Fund"" may be a collection of various corporate bonds that are bundled together. The performance of the Fund would be the aggregate of each individual item. Generally speaking Funds are like pre-packaged ""diversification"". Rather than take time (and fees) to buy 50 different stocks on the same stock index, you could buy an ""Index Fund"" which represents the values of all of those stocks. A ""Portfolio"" is your individual package of investments. ie: the 20k you have in bonds + the 5k you have in shares, + the 50k you have in ""Funds"" + the 100k rental property you own. You might split the definition further buy saying ""My 401(k) portfolio & my taxable portfolio & my real estate portfolio""(etc.), to denote how those items are invested. The implication of ""Portfolio"" is that you have considered how all of your investments work together; ie: your 5k in stocks is not so risky, because it is only 5k out of your entire 185k portfolio, which includes some low risk bonds and funds. Another way of looking at it, is that a Fund is a special type of Portfolio. That is, a Fund is a portfolio, that someone will sell to someone else (see Daniel's answer below). For example: Imagine you had $5,000 invested in IBM shares, and also had $5,000 invested in Apple shares. Call this your portfolio. But you also want to sell your portfolio, so let's also call it a 'fund'. Then you sell half of your 'fund' to a friend. So your friend (let's call him Maurice) pays you $4,000, to invest in your 'Fund'. Maurice gives you $4k, and in return, you given him a note that says ""Maurice owns 40% of atp9's Fund"".  The following month, IBM pays you $100 in dividends. But, Maurice owns 40% of those dividends. So you give him a cheque for $40 (some funds automatically reinvest dividends for their clients instead of paying them out immediately). Then you sell your Apple shares for $6,000 (a gain of $1,000 since you bought them). But Maurice owns 40% of that 6k, so you give him $2,400 (or perhaps, instead of giving him the money immediately, you reinvest it within the fund, and buy $6k of Microsoft shares). Why would you set up this Fund? Because Maurice will pay you a fee equal to, let's say, 1% of his total investment. Your job is now to invest the money in the Fund, in a way that aligns with what you told Maurice when he signed the contract. ie: maybe it's a tech fund, and you can only invest in big Tech companies. Maybe it's an Index fund, and your investment needs to exactly match a specific portion of the New York Stock Exchange. Maybe it's a bond fund, and you can only invest in corporate bonds. So to reiterate, a portfolio is a collection of investments (think of an artist's portfolio, being a collection of their work). Usually, people refer to their own 'portfolio', of personal investments. A fund is someone's portfolio, that other people can invest in. This allows an individual investor to give some of their decision making over to a Fund manager. In addition to relying on expertise of others, this allows the investor to save on transaction costs, because they can have a well-diversified portfolio (see what I did there?) while only buying into one or a few funds."
20k a year for in-state university is a lot more believable (and let's leave out 'good' because then we would have to account for USNWR rankings and tuitions would definitely be higher). I'm pretty sure the private college tuition average is closer to 40k/yr, maybe even over it.
"I was being a bit facetious, but in general the public accounting profession  should be dedicated to the public good. Any scope restrictions placed on the auditors while performing the engagement should immediately be reported by the staff to accounting management. Basically any shady acts of the client should be noted in the work papers and reported. There's a whole bunch of rules to tell an audit staff accountant when to go above their own seniors/management if there is collusion or fraud.   Scope restrictions, ie. ""Hey you can't go in the warehouse to count inventory"", depending on the severity could qualify the audit report, disclaimer of an opinion, or withdrawal from the engagement. Therefore it's the auditors responsibility to refuse to provide a false audit report to the public or otherwise users of the financial statements. They should never act in the manner most profitable for the firm when faced with an ethical dilemma.   Then there's practicality and most audit partners will do anything it takes to keep their largest clients. On the same coin, those clients want a clean bill of reference for their creditors. Long standing relationships are most vulnerable to letting things slide in favor of the client.   There are thousands of companies and even ones publicly traded. The government would have to grow exponentially to actually audit all of these companies. That'll never happen, they have no idea where their own money goes as long as the revenues cover the expenditures."
"LOL!!!! The whole purpose of Robots, and AI, and Robots with AI, is to take jobs from humans.  How on earth Robots/AI can ""create more jobs""?  Also(!!!!), Robots/AI reduce costs. The cost of goods and services will go down sharply. People will actually get paid less!!!! Because the costs are less."
In the money puts and calls are subject to automatic execution at expiration. Each broker has its own rules and process for this.  For example, I am long a put. The strike is $100. The stock trades at the close, that final friday for $90. I am out to lunch that day. Figuratively, of course. I wake up Saturday and am short 100 shares. I can only be short in a margin account. And similarly, if I own calls, I either need the full value of the stock (i.e. 100*strike price) or a margin account.  I am going to repeat the key point. Each broker has its own process for auto execution. But, yes, you really don't want a deep in the money option to expire with no transaction.  On the flip side, you don't want to wake up Monday to find they were bought out by Apple for $150.
&gt; It means we are promoting MAGAnomics—and that means sustained 3% economic growth.  [Supply side economics has been shown to only benefit the top 10%](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supply-side_economics) and [even the CBO says the 3% estimate is unrealistic](http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/14/politics/cbo-trump-budget-math/index.html?sr=twCNN071417cbo-trump-budget-math0439PMVODtop).  &gt; For merely suggesting that we can get back to that level, the administration has been criticized as unrealistic. That’s fine with us.  I'm sure since you are the 10% and will be long gone when the chickens come home to roost.
Patents grant one company or individual a coercive monopoly on an idea.  One cannot own information...information is neither scarce nor rivalrous.   “If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.”  -George Bernard Shaw   Granting someone a monopoly on an idea is a wrong in practical terms, as stories like these, and the various patent trolling occurring in the tech sector demonstrate.  Patent/copyright protect neither the fashion nor the food industry (in terms of recipes) and those industries thrive, as well as constantly innovate (indeed, they are *forced* to innovate, since they cannot monopolize one idea and rest on their laurels).  Coercively preventing someone from doing as they will with an idea using their own resources is morally wrong because you are denying their freedom to act using their own body, and justly owned property.  By building a chair using my own tools and materials, that happens to look similar to another chair someone else built 1000 miles away using their own resources, I've done nothing to deprive the other chair builder of his property...yet under current law, I can be prosecuted (i.e. fined, jailed, and beaten if I attempt to resist) if he has been granted a legal monopoly to that design...whether I've ever even seen his chair or not.    On both ideological and pragmatic grounds, the concept of patents is a failure.
I havent used Fresh, I'll have ti give it a try if its available in my area.       For liquer/beer it's sometimes cheaper.  For the whiskey I drink, is the same price as the nearby store if I buy two bottles at a time.
Why should the costs of mandatory services be based on a sliding scale? Why shouldn't everyone pay the exact same price for the same services? Would it be fair if you walked into a McDonalds and everyone was lined up based on income with everyone below a certain level expecting everyone above the line to pay their way?   Edit. If you were on the side of the line that was subsidized would you vote to end the subsidies or vote for policies that add more people to the side that gets free things so you can continue to get free things?
"&gt;Los Angeles is ordering the company to pay about $900,000 to the employees within the next month. The company is also being fined $541,000 in penalties   How is this a whopping fine? Under federal law the minimum penalty is 100%. CA law provides for a fine of 1 months pay for a single infraction. Considering one of the charges is ""blocking investigators from interviewing employees"" and they are completely unrepentant and pretty much thumbing their nose at LA and wage laws in general, this is a paltry slap on the wrist for a company with $1.33 billion in revenue."
"This sounds like an accounting nightmare to be 100% precise.  With each payment you're going to have to track: If you can account for those, then the fair thing to do is for one person to stop paying after they have paid the amount of principal they had at the beginning of the process, or possibly after they have paid an amount equivalent to the total principal and accrued interest they would have paid if they paid their loans individually.   The problem is, one of you is likely going to pay more interest than you would have under the individual plan.  In the example you gave, if your brother pays off any of your loans, he is going to be paying more in interest than if he paid on his 5% loans. If you pay the highest rate loans first, whoever has the lower total balance is going to pay more interest since they'll be paying on the higher rates until they've paid their ""fair share"".   I don't see a clean way for you to divvy up the interest savings appropriately unless you trueup at the very end of the process.   Math aside, these types of agreements can be dangerous to relationships. What if one of you decides that they don't want to participate anymore? What if one of you gets all of their loans paid off much earlier - they get the joy of being debt free while the other still has all of the debt left? What if they then don't feel obligates to pay the other's remaining debt? Are you both equally committed to cutting lifestyle in order to attack these debts? In my opinion, the complexity and risk to the relationship don't justify the interest savings."
Most people use SMS or internet messaging similar to WhatsApp - but WhatsApp is not popular in the US. People use Apple, Google or Facebook services.   Since SMS will not work for them in a foreign country, they can only use their internet messaging. Apple people use iMessage. Many other people use Facebook Messenger or Twitter Direct Messages (DMs). It is very important to have a Facebook account for people to link to you (when they write about their trip) - so Messenger should be easy to setup.   Google, Facebook, and twitter can run on a cheaper android phone.   But many tourists probably have Apple iPhones. iMessages can only be sent from Apple devices.  If you have access to an older iPhone (iPhone 4S) - it should be able to still send iMessages.   Email is used by everyone, but younger tourists may not like it, and it may be hard for you to check. Google can give you email and messenger for free.
This is why a lot of the advice in this sub pisses me off: a lot of people in here would rather lie by obscurity than confronting issues head on to resolve them. Which I guess makes sense if you want to work your way into an obtuse, dishonest company culture (sometimes perceived as the only way to get a job to pay your bills). But I've been able to do pretty well by being honest. I don't think there is a need to buy into the bullshit.   Edit: oops for some reason I thought I was in /r/jobs
Then do a backup, factory reset the phone afterwards and install your iPhone clean through iTunes. Without proper maintenance even the longest lasting items will break.   You went through probably 3 major iOS updates on the phone, so there are tons of old shit clogging the thing up.
My insurance has been the same for nearly a decade. Cable, too. Some groceries have gone up, like fresh fruits and Milk, but I've eliminated my home phone in that time, since my cell phone works everywhere, so it sort of balances out.
Twitter is like screaming in space. Nobody hears shit. Internet advertising through links and text is a zero sum game and its on the decline. Basically they need someone around to play with the foosball tables and eat the free food.   /thread
"There's no law in California that says you have to have a cash register. Logging cash sales manually, as you are doing, is fine. A cash register would help you track your cash sales as you describe. Some POS software will also allow you to log cash transactions, but it sounds like you just use a credit card processing web site or application, not a full-fledged POS system. In any case, for a small business, one option might be to get a cash register to log your cash sales, and continue to process credit cards the way you are (or continue as you are doing). Come tax season, use the output from both systems to calculate your income. You might want to consider an accounting software like Quickbooks so you can reconcile your income and expenses and statements from different sources. Also, as with any small business, it's worth your while to consult a tax accountant to make sure you're doing everything ""by the books"". Once you're set up properly, keeping the books in order becomes routine and easy."
Did you even read the article?  Did you read what the government put out this week?  In places where the state government set up their own systems the insurance companies have stabilized the markets and made a very good profit last year. The only places it's failing are places where republicans did nothing to help it succeed. If you actually think this legislation is failing you've bought into the republican talking points.
"A lot of people have already explained that your assumptions are the issue, but I'll throw in my 2¢. There are a lot of people who do the opposite of long term investing.  It's called high frequency trading.  I'd recommend reading the Wikipedia article for more info, but very basically, high frequency traders use programs to determine which stocks to buy and which ones to sell. An example program might be ""buy if the stock is increasing and sell if I've held it more than 1 second."""
"Your dad may have paid an ""opportunity cost"" for that outright purchase.  If the money he saved had been invested elsewhere, he may have made more money.  If he was that well off, then his interest rate should have been the lowest possible.  My own father is a multi-millionaire (not myself) and he could afford to have paid for his house outright.  He didn't though.  To do so would have meant cashing in on several investments.  I don't know his interest rate but let's say it was 2.5%.  If he invests that million dollars into something he expects to get a 7% return on in the same period, then he would make more money by borrowing the money.  Hence, he would be paying an opportunity cost. Assuming you need to work, some jobs will also do background or credit checks.  Credit cards can be used by well off people to actually make them money by offering rewards (compared to straight cash transactions).  The better your credit history, the better the cards/rewards you can get.  You can build that credit history better by having these loans and making timely payments."
"So I've done some digging and have some new information.   I looked up Beam in California's business search and found Beam Financial, registered in November of 2015 by Yinan Du, incorporated in Delaware.  Searched Delaware's database and found a listing from 6/24/2014 with the agent ""National Registered Agents, Inc""--not much to go on from that.   Some Google Sluething and it appears that Du was previously in charge of something called 24quan.com (not entirely sure what that business was).   Still trying to figure out which bank will be covering them for FDIC and when they will launch."
I was wondering if I could make part of the payment here in USD legally? Although not directly illegal ... From an India tax and FMEA point of view this would be a bit complicated.  A NRI Seller cannot repatriate the proceeds from sale of house unless he had purchased this from NRE account and repatriation is only possible for original purchase amount. For the gains Seller has to apply for repatriation of funds. A NRI Seller has to pay taxes on gains and this transaction should not look like facilitating a tax fraud in case NRI Seller does not pay his taxes. As a Buyer if you make the purchase from your NRE account [i.e. Move US funds into India into NRE Account], it will ease you ability to repatriate funds in future. Depending on the property value and PAN card availability of seller, you have to deduct 1% to 30.12% tax from the value and deposit this with Income Tax India. PS: It is recommended that you consult a Professional CA to help you with modalities.
Yes, if there is liquidity you can sell your option to someone else as a profit. This is what the majority of option trading volume is used for: speculative trading with leverage.
"The one thing that I saw in here that raised a big red flag is that you said you ""overpaid"" on your interest.  ALWAYS make sure you tell them that any extra money should be applied to principal only, not to interest.  You accrue interest based on your outstanding principal amount, so getting that lower reduces the overall amount of interest you end up paying.  Paying the interest ahead saves you nothing.  However, make sure you pay the current interest owed that month. They can capitalize past due interest - in affect, change that to be considered an addition to the loan principal amount and you end up paying interest on the interest."
What you are describing is perfectly legal, and is well under the threshold to attract the attention of the IRS ($10K+).  The money is not income, because it is repayment for goods provided or a loan made to your friends.  I do this myself oftentimes to take advantage of the rewards on my credit cards.  With cash to cover expenses coming in immediately from friends/family, there is virtually no risk. If you are concerned and want to protect against questions in the future about the source of the money, you ought to start keeping records of dates, times, locations, amounts, and the names of people involved when the charges are made.  Then track the dates when the cash is deposited into your bank account.  That way you can demonstrate the cash flow (Charge -> Repayment -> Deposit) to anyone who needs to know.
"The overall standard of living in the USSR actually *increased* when compared to the previous Czarist regime.   Going from a pseudo feudal society to a full blown communist experiment, however, seems to be a rather unsustainable approach to social evolution.   In any case, all ""isms"" tried at large scale -feudalism, capitalism, socialism, communism- have been proven to be systemically flawed: they all revolve around arbitrary pyramidal power structures, ignore physical reality, and utilize an abstract metric as their basis, i.e. capital/money."
&gt; People who don't understand leverage shouldn't be writing articles about them  Agreed. I wasn't condoning the article, just offering my thoughts.  &gt; why should there be a cap at 3x for ETFs when you can get way more leverage with other instruments  3x seems arbitrary. 5x seems arbitrary. I'd love to see a study that analyzed what, if any, would be an optimal 'ceiling' for these.  &gt; 3 seems to be a valid point to some degree  3 was getting at speculators using them in excess. A potential solution to limit misuse would be to impose higher costs on levered instruments and capping at 3x or 5x or whatever can be viewed as an (extreme) cost.
"&gt; **give me a specific ""instability"" or ""expense"" that Global Warming may cause. Just try...**  &gt; **I asked you before, and I notice you did not reply: Is Trump a Nazi or alt-Right sympathizer? What ACTIONS by Trump you do not like?**"
Goddamit, Benzinga and their clickbait headlines. OK, Rant over.  The bit about having zero hobbies unrelated to work (1) sounds like classic Wall Street, nothing new there and (2) seems like a great way for most of us non-superheroes to burn out. I read fiction, play with my kids, work out, etc. More sustainable for a great many of us I would think.
&gt; you should never hire someone to work for you unless you would work for them  Sounds great in theory, but that one thing assumes a lot of organizational and cultural debt has already been overcome in your organization, which isn't always the case. Too often a less than ideal rewards system turns the success of peers into an economic or political threat, or even if such problems were solved, the culture that remains turns it into an ego-related threat.  Avoiding it almost requires you having to be in love with them, but even among spouses, it doesn't always work that way...
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/07/jamie-dimon-america-has-to-get-its-act-together.html) reduced by 66%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Some 70 percent of young men are ineligible for military service &amp;quot;Because of either education - they can&amp;#039;t read or write - or health, mostly obesity and diabetes. That&amp;#039;s an unbelievable number,&amp;quot; Dimon said.  &gt; The number comes from a Pentagon study a few years back that said the military won&amp;#039;t take 71 percent of males aged 17 to 24 for the reasons Dimon cited, as well as taking prescription drugs for ADHD, or having inappro.  &gt; Government records show that the rate among men ages 25 to 54 has fallen from 96 percent in 1970 to 88.4 percent in May. In addition, Dimon blasted the regulatory climate in the U.S., saying small-business formation has been limited and prospective homebuyers can&amp;#039;t get access to mortgages.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6g3jsp/3_really_bad_facts_are_hurting_the_us_economy/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~139604 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **percent**^#1 **Dimon**^#2 **us**^#3 **growth**^#4 **Roundtable**^#5"
Have the bartenders weigh the liquor bottles before and after each shift. Compare it to the sales. Have each bartender count the beer, water and red bull bottles/cans. Keep track of the draught beer also. This the cheapest way to see how much is being taken, if at all.
I don’t believe financial transactions should be given the same rights as speech.  You don’t hand them the keys to the castle just because they want more freedom and aren’t afraid to rip people off.  Let’s try something less extreme, and easier to adjust, maybe?  Like any calibration, if you can’t adjust it, the tool no longer serves its purpose.
The stock market was already reaching highs way before trump took office. Fortune 500s and Dow were already reporting record profits every quarter before trump. The dozens of new retail/food/medial/plaza buildings to open this year in my city were already being built and going to open. The expansion on our already brand new hospital was already happening. The new school and medical university has nothing to do with trump. No i don't think the new 10,000 home development site approval has anything to do with trump. Trump literally has done nothing so far but win the election. These things were happening already. Employers are already desperate for employees I don't think anyone is hiring more because trump is in office when they were hiring already.
"Debt is nominal, which means when inflation happens, the value of the money owed goes down.  This is great for the borrower and bad for the lender. ""Investing"" can mean a lot of different things.  Frequently it is used to describe buying common stock, which is an ownership claim on a company.  A company is not a nominally fixed asset, by which I mean if there was a bunch of inflation and nothing else happened (i.e., the inflation was not the cause or result of some other economic change) then the nominal value of the company will go up along with the prices of other things. Based on the above, I'd say you are incorrect to treat debt and investment returns the same way with respect to inflation.  When we say equity returns 9%, we mean it returns a real 7% plus 2% inflation or whatever.  If the rate of inflation increased to 10% and nothing else happened in the economy, the same equity would be expected to return 17%.  In fact, the company's (nominally fixed) debts would be worth less, increasing the real value of the company at the expense of their debt-holders. On the other hand, if we entered a period of high inflation, your debt liability would go way down and you would have benefited greatly from borrowing and investing at the same time.   If you are expecting inflation in the abstract sense, then borrowing and investing in common stock is a great idea. Inflation is frequently the result (or cause) of a period of economic trouble, so please be aware that the above makes sense if we treat inflation as the only thing that changed.  If inflation came about because OPEC makes oil crazy expensive, millennials just stop working, all of our factories got bombed to hades, or trade wars have shut down international commerce, then the value of stocks would most definitely be affected.  In that case it's not really ""inflation"" that affected the stock returns, though."
Anyone jump out of finance too fast? Been in acct/fin for 7 years and only in current role in 1.5yrs I'm being offered an ops role with a 60% bump but was told could get a promo in finance within a year.   Probably wouldn't be that much but am having trouble deciding.
Princess &amp; Tiaras Spa Celebrations spa party bus is the ultimate spa festivity on wheels.Let us roll out our pink carpet and help you make your little princess’s special celebration one that she will always remember. Whether you are having a birthday party, school fundraisers, pajama party, or play dates, have the best party ever with our swanky and stylish spa party bus
"It's not like Google did it out of the goodness of their hearts, though. Google did it so many people would consolidate their services with Google, casually forcing their users to use Google's very profitable search engine, which was and is arguably the best search engine on the internet anyway. This same idea is also what's making Google lose the social networking war to Facebook. They are trying to force fit a service that people do not want, as they did before with other Google products.  It was really a win-win for everybody at that time. But that same thought process might make Google go through some ""tough"" times in the next couple of years. But they are a cash rich company who can bring in literally the best talent in the world. I'm sure they'll make management changes and adapt accordingly."
"paywalls are defunct.  The abject lesson of the last presidential election is that the real money will be found in providing ""Newz""(tm) that people already believe and want to hear, true or not.  You can call it ""fake news"" if you'd like, but I tend to think of it as ""personalized news""."
Why do you care? In any case, you can easily Google the answer... Effective Sunday, April 2, 2017 for trade date Monday, April 3, 2017, and pending all relevant CFTC   regulatory review periods, Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME” or “Exchange”) will list Monday   Weekly Options on the E-mini Standard and Poor’s Stock Price Index Futures and Standard and Poor’s   500 Stock Price Index Futures contracts (collectively the “Contracts”) for trading on CME Globex and for   submission for clearing via CME ClearPort as described in Appendix A below. Appendix B below provides   the Exchange fee schedule for the Contracts. source
Question: I live in half of a duplex together with other college students. I put my rent (roughly $750 in cash) in the landlord's mailbox while he was out of town for three weeks. I told him ahead that I would do this, but he claims I never did, and he would have asked me not to. Anyway, now he claims the money was not there when he returned and I still owe $750.  Answer: Well, that's tough. It could be that the money was stolen from the mailbox. It could be that the landlord pocketed the money and is trying to scam you. Your problem is that you have no receipt, and no evidence at all that you paid the money. There's little you can do other than paying up (again) and learning from this expensive lesson.
Airbnb can investigate those cases. I've never experienced that before. I likely less than 1% of cases. In fact, I'd be surprised if it's even legitimately taking place. It would be so difficult, and costly, to do such a thing. It may have happened once, it twice, but I doubt it's common.
"I'm afraid you have missed a few of the outcomes commonly faced by millions of Americans, so I would like to take a moment to discuss a wider range of outcomes that are common in the United States today. Most importantly, some of these happen before retirement is ever reached, and have grave consequences - yet are often very closely linked to financial health and savings. Not planning ahead long-term - 10-20+ years - is generally associated with not planning ahead even for the next few months, so I'll start there. The most common thing that happens is the loss of a job, or illness/injury that put someone out of work. 6 in 10 adults in the US have less than $500 in savings, so desperation can set in very quickly, as the very next paycheck will be short or missing. Many of these Americans have no other source of saved money, either, so it's not like they can draw on retirement savings, as they don't have that either. Even if they are able to get another job or recover enough to get back to work in a few weeks, this can set off a desperate cycle. Those who have lost their jobs to technical obsolescence, major economic downturns, or large economic changes are often more severely affected. People once making excellent, middle-class (or above) wages with full benefits find they cannot find work that pays even vaguely similarly. In the past this was especially common in heavy labor jobs like manufacturing, meat-packing, and so on, but more recently this has happened in financial sectors and real estate/construction during the 2008 economic events. The more resilient people had padding, switched careers, and found other options - the less resilient, didn't. Especially during the 1970s and 1980s, many people affected by large losses of earning potential became sufficiently desperate that they fell heavily (or lost their functioning status) into substance abuse, including alcohol and drugs (cocaine and heroine being especially popular in this segment of the population). Life disruption - made even more major by a lack of savings - is a key trigger to many people who are already at risk of issues like substance addiction, mental health, or any ongoing legal issues. Another common issue is something more simple, like loss of transportation that threatens their ability to hold their job, and a lack of alternatives available through support networks, savings, family, and public transit. If their credit is bad, or their income is new, they may find even disreputable companies turn them away, or even worse - the most disreputable companies welcome them in with high interest and hair-trigger repossession policies. The most common cycle of desperation I have seen usually starts with banking over-drafts, and its associated fees. People who are afraid and desperate start to make increasingly desperate, short-sighted choices, as tunnel-vision sets in and they are unable to consider longer-term strategy as they focus on holding on to what they have and survival. Many industries have found this set of people quite profitable, including high-interest ""check cashing"", payday loans, and title loans (aka legal loan sharks), and it is not rare that desperate people are encouraged to get on increasing cycles of loan amounts and fees that worsen their financial situation in exchange for short-term relief. As fees, penalties, and interest add up, they lose more and more of their already strained income to stay afloat. Banks that are otherwise reputable and fair may soon blacklist them and turn them away, and suddenly only the least reputable and most predatory places offer to help at all - usually with a big smile at first, and almost always with awful strings attached. Drugs and alcohol are often readily available nearby and their use can easily turn from recreational to addictive given the allure of the escapism it offers, especially for those made vulnerable by increasing stress, desperation, loss of hope, isolation, and fear. Those who have not been within the system of poverty and desperation often do not see just how many people actively work to encourage bad decision making, with big budgets, charm, charisma, and talent. The voices of reason, trying to act as beacons to call people to take care of themselves and their future, are all too easily drowned out in the roar of a smooth and enticing operation.  I personally think this is one of the greatest contributions of the movement to build personal financial health and awareness, as so many great people find ever more effective ways of pointing out the myriad ways people try to bleed your money out of you with no real concern for your welfare. Looking out for your own well-being and not being taking in by the wide array of cons and bad deals is all too often fighting against a strong societal current - as I'm sure most of our regular contributors are all too aware! With increasing desperation often comes illegal maneuvers, often quite petty in nature. Those with substance abuse issues often start reselling drugs to others to try to cover lost income or ""get ahead"", with often debilitating results on long-term earning potential if they get caught (which can include cost barriers to higher education, even if they do turn their life around).  I think most people are surprised by how little and petty things can quickly cycle out of control. This can include things like not paying minor parking or traffic tickets, which can snowball from the $10-70 range into thousands of dollars (due to non-payment often escalating and adding additional penalties, triggering traffic stops for no other reason, etc.), arrest, and more. The elderly are not exempt from this system, and many of America's elderly spend their latter years in prison. While not all are tied to financial desperation as I've outlined above, a deeper look at poverty, crime, and the elderly will be deeply disturbing. Some of these people enter the system while young, but some only later in life. Rather than homelessness being something that only happens after people hit retirement, it often comes considerably earlier than that. If this occurs, the outcome is generally quite a bit more extreme than living off social security - some just die. The average life expectancy of adults who are living on the street is only about 64 years of age - only 2 years into early retirement age, and before full retirement age (which could of course be increased in the next 10-20 years, even if life expectancy and health of those without savings don't improve). Most have extremely restricted access to healthcare (often being emergency only), and have no comforts of home to rest and recuperate when they become ill or injured. There are many people dedicated to helping, yet the help is far less than the problem generally, and being able to take advantage of most of the help (scheduling where to go for food, who to talk to about other services, etc) heavily depends on the person not already suffering from conditions that limit their ability to care for themselves (mental conditions, mobility impairments, etc). There is also a shockingly higher risk of physical assault, injury, and death, depending on where the person goes - but it is far higher in almost every case, regardless. One of the chief problems in considering only retirement savings, is it assumes that you'll only have need for the savings and good financial health once you reach approximately the age of 62 (if it is not raised before you get there, which it has been multiple times to-date). As noted above, if homelessness occurs and becomes longstanding before that, the result is generally shortened lifespan and premature death. The other major issue of health is that preventative care - from simple dentistry to basic self-care, adequate sleep and rest, a safe place to rejuvenate - is often sacrificed in the scrambling to survive and limited budget. Those who develop chronic conditions which need regular care are more severely affected. Diabetic and injury-related limb loss, as one example, are far more likely for those without regular support resources - homeless, destitute, or otherwise. Other posters have done a great job in pointing out a number of the lesser-known governmental programs, so I won't list them again. I only note the important proviso that this may be quite a bit less in total than you think. Social Security on average pays retired workers $1300 a month. It was designed to avoid an all-too-common occurrence of simple starvation, rampant homelessness, and abject poverty among a large number of elderly. No guarantee is made that you won't have to leave your home, move away from your friends and family if you live in an expensive part of the country, etc. Some people get a bit more, some people get quite a bit less. And the loss of family and friend networks - especially to such at-risk groups - can be incredibly damaging. Note also that those financially desperate will be generally pushed to take retirement at the minimum age, even though benefits would be larger and more livable if they delayed their retirement. This is an additional cost of not having other sources of savings, which is not considered by many. Well, yes, many cannot retire whether they want to or not.  I cannot find statistics on this specifically, but many are indeed just unable to financially retire without considerable loss. Social Security and other government plans help avoid the most desperate scenarios, but so many aspects of aging is not covered by insurance or affordable on the limited income that aging can be a cruel and lonely process for those with no other financial means. Those with no savings are not likely to be able to afford to regularly visit children and grandchildren, give gifts on holidays, go on cruises, enjoy the best assistive care, or afford new technological devices to assist their aging (especially those too new and experimental to be covered by the insurance plans they have).  What's worse - but most people do not plan for either - is that diminished mental and physical capacity can render many people unable to navigate the system successfully. As we've seen here, many questions are from adult children trying to help their elderly parents in retirement, and include aging parents who do not understand their own access to social security, medicaid/medicare, assistive resources, or community help organizations.  What happens to those aging without children or younger friend networks to step in and help? Well, we don't really have a replacement for that. I am not aware of any research that quantifies just how many in the US don't take advantage of the resources they are fully qualified to make use of and enjoy, due to a lack of education, social issues (feeling embarrassed and afraid), or inability to organize and communicate effectively. A resource being available is not very much help for those who don't have enough supportive resources to make use of it - which is very hard to effectively plan for, yet is exceedingly common. Without one's own independent resources, the natural aging and end of life process can be especially harsh. Elderly who are economically and food insecure experience far heightened incidence of depression, asthma, heart attack, and heart failure, and a host of other maladies. They are at greater risk for elder-abuse, accidental death, life-quality threatening conditions developing or worsening, and more. Scare-tactics aren't always persuasive, and they do little to improve the lives of many because the people who need to know it most generally just don't believe it. But my hope here is that the rather highly educated and sophisticated audience here will see a little more of the harsher world that their own good decisions, good fortune, culture, and position in society shields them from experiencing. There is a downside to good outcomes, which is that it can cause us to be blind to just how extremely different is the experience of others. Not all experience such terrible outcomes - but many hundreds of thousands in the US alone - do, and sometimes worse. It is not helpful to be unrealistic about this: life is not inherently kind. However, none of this suggests that being co-dependent or giving up your own financial well-being is necessary or advised to help others. Share your budgeting strategies, your plans for the future, your gentle concerns, and give of your time and resources as generously as you can - within your own set budgets and ensuring your own financial well-being. And most of all - do not so easily give up on your family and friends, and count them as life-long hopeless ne'er-do-wells. Let's all strive to be good, kind, honest, and offer non-judgmental support and advice to the best of our ability to the people we care about. It is ultimately their choice - restricted by their own experiences and abilities - but need not be fate. People regularly disappoint, but sometimes they surprise and delight. Take care of yourself, and give others the best chance you can, too."
Next time you are with your son, have him request a credit freeze. The choice is his, of course.
Only if you sell the stock in question, and use the proceeds to buy other stock. (You should probably never feel bad about selling your company stock, even if it goes up a lot later, because from a risk-exposure basis you are already exposed to your company's performance through your career. Unless you have a lot of other savings, you should diversify.)
If this is the issue then it may be happening because you have not connected to your Netgear extender. Please make sure this to access mywifiext.net and for troubleshooting tips to solve this issue, get in touch with us through the live support window provided.
There are very few banks which offer two-factor authentication.  Part of the reason is cost.  Providing a token to every account-holder is expensive, not just in the device or system, but in providing support and assistance to the millions of people who won't have the faintest idea how it works and complain that they no longer have access to their accounts. That said, it is sometimes available on request for personal accounts and many banks require it for their business clients. My HSBC Business account comes with two-factor as default and it works extremely well. There is also the pseudo-two-factor security offered by Visa and MasterCard (3-D secure) which performs a similar function.
SeekingAlpha has a section dedicated to Short ETFs as well as others. In there you will find SH, and SDS.  Both of which are inverse to the S&P 500.  Edit: I linked to charts that compare SH and SDS to SPY.
&gt; Go to a Burger King and you'll never get soggy fries.  In four attempts at my local Burger King, I've paid, but never gotten my food at all.  I realize this doesn't speak for the company on a nationwide scale, but my local franchisee is a dick.
"For most people ""home ownership"" is a long term lifestyle strategy (i.e. the intention is to own a home for several decades, regardless of how many times one particular house might be ""swapped"" for a different one.  In an economic environment with steady monetary inflation, taking out a long-term loan backed by a tangible non-depreciating ""permanent"" asset (e.g. real estate) is in practice a form of investing not borrowing, because over time the monetary value of the asset will increase in line with inflation, but the size of the loan remains constant in money terms.  That strategy was always at risk in the short term because of temporary falls in house prices, but long-term inflation running at say 5% per year would cancel out even a 20% fall in house prices in 4 years. Downturns in the economy were often correlated with rises in the inflation rate, which fixed the short-term problem even faster. Car and student loans are an essentially different financial proposition, because you know from the start that the asset will not retain its value (unless you are ""investing in a vintage car"" rather than ""buying a means of personal transportation"", a new car will lose most of its monetary value within say 5 years) or there is no tangible asset at all (e.g. taking out a student loan, paying for a vacation trip by credit card, etc).  The ""scariness"" over home loans was the widespread realization that the rules of the game had been changed permanently, by the combination of an economic downturn plus national (or even international) financial policies designed to enforce low inflation rates - with the consequence that ""being underwater"" had been changed from a short term problem to a long-term one."
God forbid those services reflect the poor compensation that the public servants receive or there'll be hell to pay. Some people just have this weird idea that things can just keep working as you continue to just strip away the resources needed to function in the first place.
"I haven't had cable in forever... but I still like to watch comedies on NBC.com (Community!) which of course has commercials.     They're a nuisance, but I guess it's the ""price"" I pay to have hilarious new content streamed to me for free on the internet every week.   Honestly, I wish they would give me the option of ""watching"" one big 5 minute long commercial up-front and then stream the rest of the show commercial-free... but unfortunately they don't."
"OK, reading between the lines here it looks like the services offered by your company are of an ""adult"" (possibly illegal?) nature and that this individual has actually paid you in full for the services rendered up to this point. The wrinkle here is that you say that you've been offered large cash ""gifts"" in return for unspecified future favours, but that your client hasn't provided a real Paypal account to do so. When you pressed him on it, he sent a fake email and invented a ""financial adviser"" to fob you off, then hasn't contacted you  since. It's pretty clear that he hasn't got any intention of making these payments to you. What you're now proposing to do is to use his known banking details to collect money to cover those verbal promises. In pretty much every part of the world, that's a crime. Without a written agreement to use that payment method for those promises, he could easily call the police and have you arrested for theft of funds. The further wrinkle is that his actions (claiming to have made payment via paypal, forged email headers, etc) strongly suggest that this individual is involved in cyber-crime and may well have used a fake bank account to pay for your initial services.  The bottom line here is that you need real legal advice, from an actual lawyer."
Annual sales dived five straight years, and the company closed 450 stores. Then they tried to merge with Office Depot. That didn't work. So by going private with Sycamore Partners Staples they have an opportunity to revamp their businesses away Wall Street pressure. Staples is being sold at a fraction of the price.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://civicskunk.works/new-study-finds-seattles-15-minimum-wage-achieved-its-goal-fc9a0056bdfa?gi=8b9fdb9ecf0) reduced by 77%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Today, researchers Michael Reich, Sylvia Allegretto, and Anna Godoey from University of California Berkeley have released a new Seattle-area minimum wage study with an even larger scope than the UW team.  &gt; The Berkeley study put Seattle&amp;#039;s real numbers up against &amp;quot;Data from other areas in Washington State and the rest of the U.S. to construct a synthetic control group that matches Seattle for a nearly six-year period before the minimum wage policy was implemented.&amp;quot; In this way, they can compare what might have happened in an economy like Seattle&amp;#039;s had the wage not increased.  &gt; The minimum wage didn&amp;#039;t lower employment - not even at Subways and McDonald&amp;#039;s, which we were warned were especially vulnerable to a minimum wage increase.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6kjqoh/new_study_finds_seattles_15_minimum_wage_achieved/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~156485 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **wage**^#1 **Seattle**^#2 **minimum**^#3 **increase**^#4 **restaurant**^#5"
&gt; There's no entry path into these jobs. A lot of companies only seem to want to hire people who somehow earn these skills through osmosis and don't want to hire people on straight out of school.   At least in my case, I have several positions open and would most assuredly hire someone straight out of trade school. I have already set aside the budget to have them trained on our software platforms anyway. It would be great to actually find someone with 3-5yrs experience, however these types are hard to come by, even in this job market. 4 year degrees are a dime a dozen, finding people who have learned a concrete skill such as CAD/CAM, machining, welding, etc are not.   I can't just hire someone who has no training whatsoever either, nor can a hire someone who has a 4 year engineering degree, given that they are likely to up and leave when the opportunity arises, and after we have spent thousands of dollars and the time to have them trained.  Baby boomers have dominated these blue collar manufacturing jobs for decades. They are now retiring in droves leaving prime opportunities open for those willing to take advantage of them.
If you are not banking with a credit union, open an account.  Speak with a person there an explain you are wanting to build your credit history.  They will likely have a product designed for the purpose. Also, to agree with duffbeer703, why is your score so low at this point? Make sure your three credit reports do not have anything incorrect on them and challenge wrong items. If everything is fine on the report, you just to have more credit and use it for a longer period of time. I presume you are building credit for a large purchase such as a house.  Please be very careful with borrowing money and do your best to avoid carrying balances.
The breakdown between how much of your payment is going toward principal and interest is very important.   The principal balance remaining on your loan is the payoff amount.  Once the principal is paid off, your loan is finished.  Each month, some of your payment goes to pay off the principal, and some goes to pay interest (profit for the bank). Using your example image, let's say that you've just taken out a $300k mortgage at 5% interest for 30 years.  You can click here to see the amortization schedule on that loan.  The monthly payment is $1610.46. On your first payment, only $360 went to pay off your principal.  The rest ($1250) went to interest.  That money is lost.  If you were to pay off your $300k mortgage after making one payment, it would cost you $299,640, even though you had just made a payment of $1250.  Interest accrues on the principal balance, so as time goes on and more of the principal has been paid, the interest payment is less, meaning that more of your monthly payment can go toward the principal.   15 years into your 30-year mortgage, your monthly payment is paying $762 of your principal, and only $849 is going toward interest.  Your principal balance at that time would be about $203k.  Even though you are halfway done with your mortgage in terms of time, you've only paid off about a third of your house. Toward the end of your mortgage, when your principal balance is very low, almost all of your payment goes toward principal.  In the last year, only $513 of your payments goes toward interest for the whole year. You can think of your monthly loan payment as a minimum payment.  If you continue to make the regular monthly payments, your mortgage will be paid off in 30 years.  However, if you pay more than that, your mortgage will be paid off much sooner.  The extra that you pay above your regular monthly payment all goes toward principal. Even if you have no plans to pay your mortgage ahead of schedule, there are other situations where the principal balance matters.  The principal balance of your mortgage affects the amount of equity that you have in your home, which is important if you sell the house.  If you decide to refinance your mortgage, the principal balance is the amount that will need to be paid off by the new loan to close the old loan.
No worries. It seems your ego is robust enough to entertain you are wrong. If maintaining such ideological positions are important to you I'm sure you will do the minimum research to put them to the test and re-evaluate them if evidence shows then to be untennible.
I'm a database guy who got his education in economics. Economists use non-cooperative behavior to model short term, individual benefit chasing behavior by actors.  People are selfish. *shrug* You can make life a lot shittier for everyone if you opperate on the assumption that they can be made better. Hundreds of millions of people have already been killed in that pursuit.  Capitalism works because it monetizes and rewards contribution. The greater the value your contribution has, the more reward you get, generally speaking.
Get the best administration of the database, the Dubai professional resource is the primary free web professional listing for Dubai with a Dubai area outline organizations can list their business elements for  UAE business directory professional listing. We have a more database service such as mobile database, business database, email marketing Dubai and we provide new technology service with UAE real estate database. Database For Business connects its users to Dubai real estate information, analysis data, news and opportunities.
Crown Equity Holdings Inc., together with its digital network, currently provides electronic media services specializing in online publishing, which brings together targeted audiences and advertisers. Crown Equity Holdings Inc. (CRWE) announced that it has launched CRWE Tube, www.crwetube.com, a video sharing site that allows billions of people around the world to upload, watch and share original videos.
It took me a while to understand the concept, so I'll break it down as best as I can.  There are three parts to the accounting equation: Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity We'll look at this in two ways   1. As a business owner you invest (say) 10,000 USD into your bank. The entry would be: Debit: Assets: Cash for 10,000    Credit: Owner's Equity: Contributions for 10,000 In this case, you have assets of 10,000 from your deposit, but it is due to owner contributions and not business transactions. Another example (say a sale):  Debit: Assets: Cash for 10,000    Credit: Owner's Equity: Sales for 10,000 Debit: Assets: Cash for 10,000    Credit: Liabilities: Deposits for 10,000 Deposits are a banking term to reflect a bank's obligation to return the amount on demand (though the bank has free reign with it, see fractional banking)  You will NEVER debit or credit your bank as it is assumed you will be storing your money there, note bank reconciliation. Hope this helps, comment with any more questions.
Draft up a promissory notes.  Have a lawyer do it use one of those online contract places if you have simple needs.  Your promissory note need to cover Be specific.  There are probably a lot more items that can be included, and if a quick internet search is any indication it gets deep fast. http://lmbtfy.com/?q=car+sale+promissory+note (Like @LittleAdv says) Head to your DMV with the title and the promissory note.  The title is signed over to you and held by the DMV.  When you pay up, the seller informs the DMV and they send you the title.  If you don't pay up, the seller can legally repossess the car.  All butts are covered. Pay the note as agreed.  When you are all paid up, your friend notifies the DMV who then mail you the title. Your butt is covered because your name is on the car, you can insure it and nobody can take it from you (legally) if you are paying the note as agreed.   Your pal's butt is covered because if you stop paying half way through, he can keep whatever you have paid him and get his car back.
Yes, there is such possibility. Also, there's a possibility people made your computer, your operation system, your browser, etc. put there some code there that would intercept your communications and steal your money. So could bank clerks (and unlike all other examples, this really happened in real world, numerous times, though usually at smaller banks), ATM makers, etc.  In the modern world, you rely on things made by thousands of people, this is a part of modern world's conveniences. You don't have to use it - you can store all your money in a big jar in your basement and nobody but occasional thief breaking in could take it.  However, fraudulent unauthorized transactions in most banks can be rolled back, and any transaction is reported to you. So fraud from mint.com people would be quite low on my list of risks. Much bigger risk is that somebody could break into mint.com servers and steal information about your accounts from there or install some malicious code. I believe they have good protections, but no security system is perfect. You need to evaluate how the convenience of using mint.com compares to your personal feeling about this risk. If you feel you couldn't sleep at night knowing somewhere out there there is information about your money - don't use it. I don't worry about it too much as I know the chance of it happening is low and the chance of getting the money back if it happens is high, but if you feel differently - don't do it.

Wow, crappy article.  To answer the question: extremely cheap areas in proximity to urban wealth are the best places to speculate in terms of large-scale real-estate developments.   A golf-course developer ideally wants a huge amount of cheap land in close proximity to some combination of wealthy retirees, business-executives, or vacationers. Traditionally that means farmland or undeveloped land on the fringes of urban areas. But there's not a lot of that left in America.   Blighted and depressed suburbs or neighborhoods with lots of abandoned housing are the new under-utilized farmland.   This is how gentrification happens. Some factory-town goes under, gets poor, goes to the dogs, and eventually the big old mill-building becomes cheap enough for a movie-studio, nightclub-impresario, shopping-mall developer, art-gallery, or whatever to take an interest. A lot of them fail, but the ones that succeed drive up the surrounding property-values a little bit. Shuttered storefronts get rented to restaurants and retailers catering to the moneyed visitors. Richer people move into the nearby homes and drive up property values.   Savvy real-estate developers work on a multi-year time horizon. They are not paying cash, they are borrowing, and they are counting on the totality of circumstances to repay the debt not just with greens-fees but with real-estate appreciation.   You or I could not simply buy one house in a poor neighborhood and hope to reinvigorate it, no matter how nicely we kept our lawn. But someone bringing in $500mm in financing is *counting* on transforming the area, not on getting poor people to pay the greens fees. They're not selling golf to poor people, they're selling cheap land to golfers.   It might fail spectacularly, but if it works, the plan will bring jobs, capital, development, and appeal to a blighted, jobless, decaying neighborhood.
Also, you can definitely stay at the same institution. It is perhaps looked down upon by some who say you need to get out there and explore the academic world a little more, but I wouldn't worry too much about them if you're happy.  That said, I had the choice of staying at the same institution or going elsewhere and I did choose to go to a new school. Nine years in one place is a long time.
There is no difference in safety form the perspective of the bank failing, due to FDIC/NCUA insurance.  However, there is a practical issue that should be considered, if you allow payments to be automatically withdrawn from your checking account  In the case of an error, all of you money may be unavailable until the error is resolved, which could be days or weeks.  By having two accounts, this possibility may be reduced.  It isn't a difference between checking and savings, but a benefit of having two accounts. Note that if both accounts are at the same bank, hey make take money from other accounts to cover the shortfall. That said, I've done this for years and have never had a problem.  Also, I have two accounts, one at a local credit union with just enough kept in it to cover any payments, and another online account that has the rest of my savings.  I can easily transfer funds between the two accounts in a couple days.
You don't understand how global warming works and where most emissions sources come from (hint: transportation is a huge one). Never mind local air quality.   Neither of these things mean we must live devoid of petroleum products. Just that we don't need to burn it and live with the exhaust it creates and the consequences that arise from it.   But yes, wind and solar are already becoming the cheapest forms of electricity available. The price point for renewables no longer requires heavy subsidies and is now becoming cost competitive.
"So this has been bugging me for a while, because I am facing a similar dilemma and I don't think anyone gave a clear answer. I bought a 2012 kia soul in 2012. 36 months financing at 300/mo. Will be done with my car loan in 2015. I plan on keeping it, while saving the same amount of money 300/mo until I buy my next car. But, I also have an option of trading it in for the the next car. Question: should I trade it in in 2015. should I keep it for 2 years more? 3 years more, before I buy the next car? What makes most financial sense and savings. I tried to dig up some data on edmunds - the trade-in value and ""true cost to own"" calculator. The make and model of my car started in 2010, so I do not have historical data, as well as ""cost to own"" calculator only spans 5 years. So - this is what I came up with:  Where numbers in blue are totally made up/because I don't have the data for it. Granted, the trade-in values for the ""future"" years are guesstimated - based on Kia Soul's trade-in values from previous years (2010, 2011, 2012) But, this is handy, and as it gets closer to 2015 and beyond, I can re-plug in the data where it is available and have a better understanding of the trade-in vs keep it longer decision. Hope this helps. If the analysis is totally off the rocker, please let me know - i'll adjust it/delete it. Thank you"
Supplier of Quartz Grit in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-quartz-grit-in-india.php#supplier-quartz-grit-in-india Supplier of Quartz Grit in India, Manufacturer of Quartz Grit in India - Shri Vinayak Industries is offering high grade Quartz Grit. We produce finely processed Quartz Grit by our super efficient production unit. We are dominant supplier, Manufacturer and exporter of Quartz Grit. Usage of Quartz Grit in tiles, Ferro alloys, Ferro silicon, Ferro chrome, oil drilling, artificial granites, and electrical industries. Other applications of quartz grit are in steel industries, sugar refining, dairy farms, paper industries, chemical industries and water treatment plants.
I agree with Joe that you seem to have your stuff together. However I can't disagree more otherwise.  You are getting a loan at such a cheap rate that it would be almost impossible to not substantially beat that rate over the next 15-20 years.  You paying off your home early might give you warm fuzzy feeling but would make me queezy.  This is a MONEY website.  Make money. For our purposes let's say your home is worth 500k, you can get a fixed rate loan at 3% over 30 years, and you can earn 7% on your investments per year.  Note that I have earned 12% on mine the past 15 years so I am being pretty conservative. So let's not get into your other stuff because that is fine.  Let's focus just on that 500k - your house. Interest only Loan for the whole thing-  The flip side is you pay off your house.  Your house could be worth 400K in 30 years.  Probably not but neighborhood could decline, house not kept up, or whatever.  Your house is not a risk-free investment.  And it fluctuate in many areas more than the stock market.  But let's just say your area stays OK or normal.  In 30 years you can expect your house to be worth somewhere between 700k to 1.5 million.  Let's just say you did GREAT with your house.  Guess what?  At 1.5 million selling price you still lost 1.5 million because of your decision plus sunk your money into a less liquid option.   Let the bank take the risk on your house price.  The warm fuzzy feeling will be there when you realize you could rebuy your house two times over in 6-7 years. Note: I know my example doesn't use your exact numbers.  I am just showing what your true cost is of making a decision in the most extreme way.  I am guessing you have great credit and might be able to find an all interest loan at 3%.  So not doing this is costing you 1.5 million over 30 years.  Given a lower home price after 30 years or a higher rate of return this easily be much more.  IF you earned 12% over the 30 year period you would be costing yourself 16 million - do the math.  Now you are talking about doing something in-between.  Which means you will basically have the same risk factors with less return.
I would use that money to buy a car instead of taking out a loan to buy the car.   It does however prompt the question:  What do you want more a house or a car?
&gt; That is likely to require some extra work  Surely there are jobs that can get done on-time in 40 hours/week.  It's one thing when you *sometimes*, in an *exceptional* situation, need more than that, but if a job *consistently* requires overtime, doesn't that just indicate incredibly bad planning on the employer's part?  &gt; At the same time there is no reason to believe that significant professional challenges will necessarily fit neatly into standardized work time arrangements.  Then what about the people whose jobs can get done in *less* than 40 hours/week?
100% scam. This is classic of mixing real (Exxon) with fiction. This gives credibility to story. Don't give any thing, there is no damage yet. If you take the bait, there are multiple ways to get money from you.
So why is the capital income a problem, I don't get it? It also seems to be confusing the issue with the separate concern of wealth inequality. I say this because the capital income is not money earned from doing nothing - to generate the income one must invest in assets, and if a decent return is desired then even riskier investments must be considered. This creates new products and services, businesses, jobs etc. Also it does beg the question can everyone earn a capital income, or is there always a need for labour income? What happens as employment becomes more difficult to obtain due to automation? It was a neat explanation but it's left me with more questions than answers.
You can generally withdraw cash from an ATM with a major credit card. There are exceptions of course, but generally yes. It's a terrible deal unless you are in the most dire of straits. Avoid it. Credit card companies make money on purchases at a store from the store. If you pay late, they make money from you.  For an ATM, they make money by charging you a fee and then charging interest on day one with no grace period. This is a very high interest rate short term loan. You will also be charged a fee by the ATM itself - and you will pay interest on that fee!
I can believe it. This reminds me of another article I read from NYTimes (?) that described the new business environment. People are beginning businesses for their own purpose rather than to serve consumers. While these MBAs might have altruistic motives, it's still the underlying desire for respect.
"First, do you get charged a commission or other fee for reinvesting?   Second, why would capital gains and dividends be grouped together? If the broker charges you for that run away. As Joe explained, it is done as a courtesy. Doesn't this mean if I sell the stock, the profit will be used to buy   that stock right back? No, this is only the capital gains distributions of funds. Lastly, there are two additional checkbox options I was hoping   somebody could explain: ""All equity positions currently held in this   account"" and ""Future equity purchases, transfers, and deposits to this   account"". ""All equity positions"" means your selection will be valid for all the positions you already have. ""Future positions"" means it will only affect future positions, not the ones you already have. For example: FOLLOW-UP: Looking around, some people suggest not doing this for   taxable accounts because it complicates cost basis reporting. Is this   a valid concern? Doesn't the brokerage handle that and send you the   information when you sell the stock? Yes, because you end up with tons of positions and you need to track the cost basis for each. Brokers are required to report cost-basis on 1099-B now, so its less of a problem, but before 2011 you'd have 10's of positions each year (if you have a monthly dividend, for example) each with different cost basis, and you'd usually sell them all at once. Go figure the gain. So the new 1099-B reporting regulations help a little on this, but it only kicks in for everything starting of 2013 IIRC. Fortunately, for some investments (mutual funds, mainly) you may chose averaging, but it has drawbacks as well."
I used MoneyCorp - they typically charge you approximately 2% on top of the official exchange rate. You would probably need to declare that in your home country - I do not know Pakistan rules so can't help there.
One of the most effective promotional items that work is school bags.  Which children will use at school. What makes them effective merchandises is that they help build a better impression of your brand. The father can use the bag to work and the mother can use it also to put baby stuff in while they both go shopping. Surely, anyone can use it and as long as you got yourself a quality supplier.
I expect to be back here in July.    I did give my [first impressions](http://www.reddit.com/r/economy/comments/ufj37/payroll_additions_in_us_misses_expectation/c4uxylq) of this job report above.  I'm just raising the possibility (and hoping like hell) that we're just seeing  completely screwed up seasonal adjustment due to the freakish early spring in much of the country.
If we assume constant volatility, gamma increases as the stock gets closer to the strike price. Thus, delta is increasing at a faster rate as the stock reaches closer to ITM because gamma is the derivative of delta. As the stock gets deeper ITM, the gamma will slow down as delta reaches 1 or -1 (depends if a call or a put). Thus, the value of the option will change depending upon the level of the delta. I am ignoring volatility and time for this description.  See this diagram from Investopedia: Gamma
"For most situations the ""no need"" answers are 100% correct. The corner case to think about depends on your health and your family history.  Not to be morose, but if folks in your family who died young from heart issues, clusters of cancer or other terminal illnesses, you may want to consider getting medically qualified for a modest amount of insurance when you are young. Then, when you have children, you usually have the option of incrementally upgrading your coverage over time."
"What does ETFs have to do with this or Amazon?   Actually, investing in ETFs means you are killing actively managed Mutual Funds (managed by people, fund managers) to get an average return (and loss) of the market that a computer manage instead of a person. And the ETF will surely have Amazon stocks because they are part of the index.  I only invest in actively managed mutual funds. Yes, most actively managed mutual funds can't do better than the index, but if you work a bit harder, you can find the many that do much better than the ""average"" that an index give you."
The only purpose the ILS market fills is directly lining up capital to pay for potential cats. Unless you're doing directly that you don't really have a way to participate, long or short.  The cat bond market really isn't liquid or developed enough for derivatives to exist at this point.   Due to the losses this year the cat bond market could shrink significantly too because all the existing catastrophe models have seemed to be inadequate to model these occurrences and investors are losing their shirts. There are questions of the extent to which the alternative capital in the reinsurance market will reload in the wake of 2017.
Skimmed this, but it is pretty true.  Try to get into sales.  Since you will basically need to be selling anyway, you might as well get paid as such.  Sales teams make a lot more than the analysts in 90% of the cases.  As long as you don't get fired a middle of the road to below average salesperson will make a lot more than all but the top analysts (who are probably on their way to being promoted to managment to no longer be analysts).  Again maybe not all firms are like this, but from what I have seen it seems to be a trend...
I have friends in Denver, once upon a time they could afford the suburbs nearby but prices have to growing too fast for even their tech incomes to afford it. There are cheap, less decent areas but gentrification will sky rocket the costs even without Amazon.    In reality, wherever Amazon chooses to settle their HQ2, prices will rise. By how much depends on how little is in the area already.
The short float ratio and percent change are all calculated based on the short interest (the total number of shares shorted).  The short interest data for Nasdaq and NYSE stocks is published every two weeks. NasdaqTrader.com shows the exact dates for when short interest is published for Nasdaq stocks, and also says the following: FINRA member firms are required to report their short positions as of settlement on (1) the 15th of each month, or the preceding business day if the 15th is not a business day, and (2) as of settlement on the last business day of the month.* The reports must be filed by the second business day after the reporting settlement date. FINRA compiles the short interest data and provides it for publication on the 8th business day after the reporting settlement date. The NYSE also shows the exact dates for when short interest is published for NYSE stocks, and those dates are exactly the same as for Nasdaq stocks. Since the short interest is only updated once every 2 weeks, there is no way to see real-time updating of the short float and percent change.  That information only gets updated once every 2 weeks - after each publication of the short interest.
Well, this covers about 6 trillion.  Monetary base wasn't defined in the table and I was too lazy to drill down.  I'm guessing it is M2.  Annnnnnd if you think about it a lot of the red and blue section went into shoring up bank balance sheets.  Why?  I can't prove it yet but i suspect twas to support the derivatives market and keep it from collapsing.
&gt; you could try to persuade the public that paying more for energy is in their interest, but good luck with that.  That's exactly what I'm hoping for.  &gt;tax the hell out of it and hope no one notices  Not only am I hoping that people will notice, I'm hoping they'll heavily support it. The reason being that not doing it will harm the future of the human race.  &gt;I'd suggest eliminating democracy would be an... ahem... undesirable side effect.   Not what I was suggesting
I'll tell you what DOES work though, is grocery pickups.  My wife loves to grocery shop online and then just swing by to have the bags loaded up and pay for them.  Maybe Amazon will integrate online shopping for grocery pickup somehow.
"It depends what you mean. Finance Independence and Retirement Early (FI/RE) are two overlapping ideas. If you plan to retire early and spend the same amount of money every year (adjusted for inflation), then you need to save twenty-times your yearly spending to satisfy the 4% Safe Withdrawal rule of thumb. Carefully notice I say ""yearly spending"" and not income.  I'm unaware how it is in Pakistan, but in America, people who retire in their sixties tend to reduce their spending by 30%. This is for a host of reasons like not eating out as much, not driving to work, paid off mortgages, and their children being adults now. In this type of profile, a person needs to save 17.5x yearly spending. This numbers presume a person will only use their built assets as an income source. Any programs like a government pension acting as a safety net. If you factor those in, the estimates above become smaller."
Salut, c'est Vincent. Tu recherches un système qui fonctionne et permet des résultats incroyables, à terme, bien sûr, parce que c'est très sérieux et honnête ! 100% transparent, 100% sûr, 100% honnête, comme toi, comme moi. Alors contacte-moi à vincentmusschoot@gmail.com et je t'en dis plus. Tu vas être scotché et cela va te retourner complètement le cerveau, crois-moi ! Tous les avantages du crowdfunding, des achats groupés et du marketing de réseau, sans aucun (aucun, pas un, nada, quéquette) de leurs inconvénients ! Totalement nouveau. A découvrir absolument.
From mid 2007 to early 2009 the DJI went down about 50 %. This market setback won't happen on a single day or even a few weeks.  Emergency funds should be in cash only. Markets could be closed for an unknown period of time.  Markets where closed September 11 until September 17 in 2001.
"Ya, I thought of that.  That approach is usually what I take when I know the author and I have the same background and general level of understanding, and we're simply arguing around the edges.  In this case, the author is just all wrong.  All over the place.  I don't want to re-write history or submit some 20-paragraph tome on reddit ""correcting"" him.  It simply isn't worth my time.    Maybe, one day in your own professional life, you'll reach the point of expertise and won't waste a lot of your time addressing every tom, dick and harry pundit out there.  PS Attacking the credibility of a source is not an ad hominem attack."
HELOCs typically have a 10 year draw and 5 year payback. During the draw time you can pay interest only if you wish. The rate can range from Prime minus 1.5 to Prime plus (quite a bit).  Of course, you can always shop around for a better deal than you currently have so long as you have equity in your home.
You must mean the current debt ceiling debacle. The meaning of it is: US government is constantly borrowing money (by issuing treasury bonds) and constantly repaying some of the bonds that come to maturity, and also has other obligations it has to meet by law all the time - such as Social Security checks, bonds interest, federal employees' salaries and pensions, etc. By law, total amount of money that can be borrowed at the same time is capped. That means, there can be situation where the government needs to borrow money to pay, say, interest on existing bonds, but can not, since the limit is reached. Such situation is called a default, since the government promised to pay the interest, but is unable to do so. That does not mean the government has no money at all and will completely collapse or couldn't raise money on the market if it were permitted by law to do so (currently, the market is completely willing to buy the debt issued by US government, and with interest that is not very high, though of course that may change). It also does not mean the economy ceases to function, dollars cease to have value or banks instantly go bankrupt. But if the government breaks its promises to investors, it has various consequences such as raising the costs of borrowing in the future. Breaking promises to other people - like Social Security recipients - would also look bad and probably hurt many of them. Going back to your bank account, most probably nothing would happen to the money you store there. Even if the bank had invested 100% of the money in US treasury bonds (which doesn't really happen) they still can be sold on the open market, even if with some discount in the event of credit rating downgrade, so most probably your account would not be affected. As stated in another answer, even if the fallout of all these calamities causes a bank to fail, there's FDIC and if your money is under insured maximums you'll be getting your money back. But if your bank is one of the big ones, nothing of the sort would happen anyway - as we have seen in the past years, government would do practically anything to not allow any big bank failures.
"A real estate business could offset income from occupied property with costs from vacant property held for speculation.  For speculation, you can let a building rot, then get it reassessed.  If the jurisdiction assesses part or all of the tax bill on the value of improvements, this can drop the annual tax bill significantly while you hold.  If you plan to hold for a decade or more, this can be very important.  Strategically, this also ruins the neighborhood property values, so you can assemble neighboring parcels to support future major developments.   This is a long speculation game.  Exemplars of the strategy include Richard Basciano who bought up several buildings in NYC's Times Square and installed adult theater tenants in the 70s, for payoff today; and the late Sam Rappaport who pursued a strategy of squeezing rent and simply ignoring building inspection violations in Philadelphia, assembling major urban core parcels on the cheap, and whose children are now selling into strong markets.   Legality: Adult businesses are kind of a grey market covered by specific local ordinances, neither exactly illegal or perfectly legal.  Ignoring building violations is not legal, but the penalties are fines, not jail.  It's certainly not a ""nice"" strategy.   Richard Basciano: http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/porn-king-richard-basciano-survived-rudy-giuliani-plans-risk-article-1.319185 Sam Rappaport: http://www.bizjournals.com/philadelphia/stories/2002/08/05/focus13.html?page=all"
The maximum you can contribute to both the 403(b) and 401(k) is $18,000. Take the amount you already contributed and subtract it from $18,000. That's how much you have left to contribute before maxing out.
Deposit it in a business savings account. The following below show you some options you can choose from. Next you can invest it in the market i.e. shares, bonds etc. If you have a more risky side, can go for peer to peer lending. If you are feeling really lucky and want to invest in the long term, then buy a property as a buy-to-let landlord. There are loads of options, you only need to explore.
3-5 years is long enough of a timeframe that I'd certainly invest it, assuming you have enough (which $10k is).  Even conservatively you can guess at 4-5% annual growth; if you invest reasonably conservatively (60/40 mix of stocks/bonds, with both in large ETFs or similar) you should have a good chance to gain along those lines and still be reasonably safe in case the market tanks.   Of course, the market could tank at any time and wipe out 20-30% of that or even more, even if you invest conservatively - so you need to think about that risk, and decide if it's worth it or not.  But, particularly if your 3-5 year time frame is reasonably flexible (i.e., if in 2019 the market tanks, you can wait the 2-3 years it may take to come back up) you should be investing. And - as usual, the normal warnings apply.  Past performance is not a guarantee of future performance, we are not your investment advisors, and you may lose 100% of your investment...
Andersen’s conviction hastened its demise.  That's not true.  Indicting Arthur Andersen caused its demise and resulted in tens of thousands of people losing their job. Prior to that it was most successful accounting firm in the nation.  Once the firm itself was indicted because of the actions of a few employees, it lost all of its clients because you can't have an indicted firm producing your statements.
"have you by chance been to the middle east? (UAE, Qatar or Saudi specifically). or perhaps been exposed to any part of the US industrial revolution (im not sure of your nationality), hell, even the french revolution. a review of any of those, and thats just relatively recent examples, would show why you are wrong.  saying it doesnt work is a broad statement without actually saying what the problem is, nor does it take any steps to underlying the root cause or possible solutions. when you say ""it doesnt work"". what specifically is not working."
The money is transferred through an electronic funds transfer, which is an umbrella term that encompasses wire transfers, direct debits, etc. The application form for Key Trade Bank (the only place I can find that uses that exact phrasing) lists a SWIFT number. This usually indicates that the transfer of funds is done through an international wire transfer.  In the most basic sense, the process works like this: Key Trade Bank uses the SWIFT number to notify your current bank of the transfer.  Your bank instructs the settlement bank, e.g. the central bank of your country, where your bank is located, to transfer funds to Key Trade.  If Key Trade is in another country from your current country, your central bank will send money to the central bank where Key Trade is located, which will in turn send the money to Key Trade. Otherwise, your central bank deposits the money into the account that Key Trade also has with them, and the transfer is complete.
You'd think I would remember this, having also bought a house in 2008, but I recall that earnest money was different from the nonrefundable deposit.  Earnest money was typically some small amount - $500 or something - that was put on the table when you made the offer.  After the offer was accepted, but before closing, the 1%-ish amount was put into escrow as part of the negiotiation process.  Maybe this is just a Massachusetts thing, though.
"1) Usually, the choice between Traditional vs. Roth is whether you believe that your tax rate will be higher or lower in the future than it is now. Your income is probably in the 25% bracket now. It's hard to say whether that should be considered ""high"" or ""low"". Some people advocate Roth only for 15% bracket; but your income would probably go into higher brackets in the future, so Roth may be preferable from this point of view. Roth IRA also has another advantage that the principal of contributions can be taken out at any time without tax or penalty, so it can serve as an emergency fund just as well as money in taxable accounts. Given that you may not have a lot of money saved up right now, this is useful. 2) In a sense, it's nice to have a mix of Traditional and Roth when you withdraw to hedge against uncertainty in future tax rates and have the option of choosing whichever one is advantageous to withdraw when you need to withdraw. That said, you will likely have many years of access to a 401k and high income in your future working years, in which you can contribute to a Traditional 401k (or if no access to 401k, then Traditional IRA), so a mix will almost certainly happen even if you go all Roth IRA now. 3) I think that depends on you, whether you are a hands-on or hands-off kind of investor."
"And specifically regarding prices of housing, what factors drive prices in that regard? I mean, the houses are roughly the same... but almost 3 times as expensive. Rent, like so many things, is tied to supply and demand. On the demand side, rent is tied to income. People tend to buy as much house as they can afford, given that mortgage interest is deductible and public schools, financed through property tax, performs better in valuable neighborhoods. Raise the minimum wage and economists expect rents to go up accordingly. When employers and pensions offer COLA adjustments, it feeds into a price loop. During the past ten years, there was also some ""animal spirits"" / irrational behavior present; people feared that if they didn't buy now, home prices would outpace their growth in income. So even though it didn't make sense at the time, they bought because it would make even less sense later (if you assume prices only go up). There's also the whole California has nicer weather angle to explain why people move to SF or LA. On the supply side, it's all about housing stock. In your old town, you could find vacant lots or farmland in less than 5 minute's drive from anywhere. There's far less room for growth in say, the SF Bay area or NYC. There's also building codes that restrict the growth in housing stock. I'm told Boulder, CO is one such place. You would think that high prices would discourage people from moving or working there, but between the university and the defense contractors triangle, they seem to have an iron grip on the market. (Have you ever seen a cartoon where a character gets a huge bill at a restaurant, and their eyes shoot out of their eye sockets and they faint? Yeah... that's how I felt looking at some of the places around here...) Remember, restaurants have to cover the same rent problem you do. And they have higher minimum wages, and taxes, etc. Moreover, food has to be imported from miles away to feed the city, likely even from out of state. In California, there's also food regulations that in effect raise the prices. If people are footing those higher bills, I wouldn't be surprised if they're racking up debt in the process, and dodging the collectors calling about their Lexus, or taking out home equity loans to cover their lifestyle."
I'm pretty sure you can lobby the USDA just like any other part of government. Add a new wing onto their building and you can have whatever food you like designated organic.  Most organic nutballs don't consider the USDA a reliable source.
I use another solution: debit card with an account kept empty most of the time and another account in the same bank without any card. I keep the money on the second card-less account, and when I want to buy something, I instantly transfer the appropriate amount to the account with the card and pay. That way money is on the account tied to a debit card only for a minute before payment, and normally it is empty - so even if someone would try to fraudulently use my card number - I don't care - the transaction will be rejected. I think its the perfect solution - no fraud possible, and I don't have to worry about possibly having to bother calling my bank and requesting a chargeback, which is stressful and a waste of time and harmful to peace of mind (what if they refuse the chargeback)? I prefer to spend a minute before each transaction to transfer the money between the two accounts, and that time is not a waste, because I use it to reconsider the purchase - which prevents impulse-buying.
The obvious thing would happen. 10 shares change owner at the price of $100. A partially still open selling order would remain. Market orders without limits means to buy or sell at the best possible or current price. However, this is not very realistic. Usually there is a spread between the bid and the ask price and the reason is that market makers are acting in between. They would immediately exploit this situation, for example, by placing appropriately limited orders. Orders without limits are not advisable for stocks with low trading activity. Would you buy or sell stuff without caring for the price?
"Let me guess, it's a fairly large amount of money, a few thousand at least. This is a scam. This is a variation on the many fake check scams out there. You deposit the check and you think it ""cleared"" your bank, but it didn't clear. A clever fake check can take a couple weeks to bounce and the bank will demand the money back. Any money you wire back to the fraudster in the meantime will be lost forever."
"Not really. High frequency traders affect mainly short term investors. If everyone invested long-term and traded infrequently, there would be no high frequency trading. For a long term investor, you by at X, hold for several years, and sell at Y. At worst, high frequency trading may affect ""X"" and ""Y"" by a few pennies (and the changes may cancel out). For a long term trader that doesn't amount to a ""hill of beans"" It is other frequent traders that will feel the loss of those ""pennies."""
If your checking account has a card associated with it, then keeping funds in savings reduces the risk that some kind of fraud will wipe you out.
"You need to go read a good history book (not Zinn).  The problem prior to the CRA of 1965 is that the GOVERNMENT itself institutionalized bigotry.  This is unacceptable because all citizens are supposed to be equal *before the law and their goverment*.    The CRA overstepped its bounds, however, insofar as it attempted to enforce ""equality"" by some definition in the PRIVATE sector and this leads to no good endgame.  It puts the revolting government bottom feeders into the position of deciding what is ""fair"" and who should get what.  This ALWAYS leads to some people's rights being more important than others.  None of us much likes, say, the KKK worldview, but a Klacker's rights should not be less defended just because they are bigots.  Once you start picking and choosing whose rights are more important, you open a door that leads to really harmful things.  In this case, a person with a particular faith traditition may be forced by their own government to support someone who's worldview they object to strenuously.  tl;dr You're still supporting slaverly, the slaves just now just the people whose point of view you do not support.  This is tyranny."
"&gt; ""ads don't work on me, I use research"". You think marketers don't know that and influence that?   Yep. What research are you doing, reading reviews? What's the motivation of the reviewer? Did they get paid for it? Are they an affiliate for the company? Did they receive the product free in order to review it?  How did you even end up on that particular reviewer's page? Did you google them? Did you click an ad result? Ever since Google made the differentiation between ad results and organic less noticeable (and put 4 ads on highly competitive keywords, thus dropping the first organic result below the fold) the CTR on ads vs. organic has been quite a bit higher.   There are so many factors, and people that think they're immune to ads strike me as a bit naive."
You need to report the income from any work as income, regardless of if you invest it, spend it, or put it in your mattress (ignoring tax advantaged accounts like 401ks).  You then also need to report any realized gains or losses from non-tax advantaged accounts, as well as any dividends received.  Gains and losses are realized when you actually sell, and is the difference between the price you bought for, and the price you sold for.  Gains are taxed at the capital gains rate, either short-term or long-term depending on how long you owned the stock.   The tax system is complex, and these are just the general rules.  There are lots of complications and special situations, some things are different depending on how much you make, etc.  The IRS has all of the forms and rules online.  You might also consider having a professional do you taxes the first time, just to ensure that they are done correctly.  You can then use that as an example in future years.
That is an assumption that sales would not go down if prices go up.  If you lose even .5% of sales due to an increase of 17 cents, you're not going to cover your $15 wage.  Fast food is an incredibly competitive space, if you don't think 17 cents is significant, go look at how many places still offer a dollar/99 cent menu.
"Most other countries are worse off.    Your perception of what is a resource intensive lifestyle does not take into consideration future innovation or adaptation.    Government debt is large but not insurmountable.  Much of it is owned by the government itself (social security trust fund and the federal reserve) and by domestic banks.   The ""crumbling infrastructure"" claim is often made but is rarely articulated well so it's hard to respond to.    Entitlements is a bit more complicated an issue due to political gridlock, but I expect that at least minor changes will be made gradually that will help deal with this problem.  If not major reform, small things like pushing back the benefit age a year here and a year there, repealing benefits for the wealthy, reducing the size of cost of living adjustments, reducing the amount that is paid out to higher earning recipients, increasing the amount of yearly income that is subject to FICA...  These are piecemeal changes that both sides could agree to even in the current political climate.  Medicare is the bigger cost, but how to deal with that is difficult to determine considering what's going on with obamacare.  Municipal and state governments will not fail if they go bankrupt.  Most municipalities and states are able to balance a budget.  It can be done but in some place it isn't because politicians don't have enough backbone to say no.  When they go bankrupt and are unable to borrow money, they will have no choice and can blame their cuts on the banks who won't loan them money.  That is, unless the people running the federal government also have no backbone and decide to bail them out, in which case we will have an enormous case of moral hazard on our hands.  The economic dominoes in Europe and China are not damaging the core of their economies.  Unless Europe breaks apart violently and goes to war with itself or China has a civil war, the basic aspects of their economy that make them a valuable part of the global economy will not go away.  Their productive capacities will remain intact and we'll still want to buy stuff from each other.    The beauty of free market capitalism is that it's so adaptable and the fact that things are changing does not mean that everyone will be worse off.  Whether or not the US is above everyone else in the end is mostly irrelevant, but the fundamental aspects of the US economy that make it among the strongest in the world will not change because of these things.  Our workforce will remain highly educated, very productive and very innovative.  We have the best farmland in the world and a lot of it, enormous amounts of natural resources, a relatively flexible and adaptable economy and a tremendous amount of wealth.  There may be troubles related to certain institutions and governing bodies, but remember that those things are not the economy.  The economy is the people, the things they can make, the things they know, and the things that they can do."
Firstly assumption is that  Now if expense is from your savings
Okay, you win the argument.  I say this because I am giving up.  The problem is this.  Seriously think about what I'm saying.  I say I have a problem with the way the system is.  You say, no, this is wrong, you shouldn't have a problem with how the system is, because . . . and then you go and describe the parts of the system, and recite the reasons given for why those parts are the way they are.  Okay?  That's not an argument.  That's elaborating on a definition.  Your arguments aren't your own, and that's what proves you don't know what you're talking about.  You need to stop pretending that because you just learned how there's a money multiplier, it must be this way because of some law of economics.  It's not.  Did you know that in the Middle East for example, they do not have this banking system?  I'm not trying to start an argument about the better system, my point is that, dude, you don't even know that, and it undermines this whole mechanistically determined little financial ecosystem you're just assuming is a law of economic nature.  Also, I never brought up any supposed need to go to a gold standard, but nice try.  Further proof you are not really reading what I'm saying, and making assumptions.  Why?  Because you're gullible, and anything that seems establishment or widely accepted, that's what you go along with.  Everyone who is critical of the Federal Reserve system and its existence must be a tinfoil hat wearing anti-Semite who believes 9/11 was done by reptilian aliens.  I get it, believe me.  If the Fed's job is to prevent the economy from collapsing overnight due to fluctuations in the price of money, when why did it not collapse overnight before the Fed existed?  Wait, no.  I'm done.  You win.  This is all in your imagination anyway, so I'll let you have it.  Please go back and read my posts and just once sit back and say, okay, can I see any of this from this guy's perspective?  Also, we did not abandon the gold standard at Bretton Woods.  SERIOUSLY WTF.  Ugh, I can't help you.  Go on and look up stuff you just learned and keep pretending to argue with people by slapping something someone else said that sounds relevant into a paragraph with no real understanding of what you're saying.
This is a great forum, mostly focused around mutual funds though: http://www.bogleheads.org/
Here in New Zealand we have a few Groupon clones, including our biggest one, GrabOne. Almost every day I see a daily deal on this website which is horrendously misleading. This despite NZ having some of the best consumer protection legislation in the world - not much sense in having the strongest policy if you aren't enforcing it.
NYT has no authority to report on the credit card account.  The introductory offer you accepted likely had a specified duration, like a 1 year commitment from you.  It doesn't matter that you used a virtual card, or a credit card, or check or any other form of payment.  NYT can, if it wants, send your NYT account to collections and/or report your delinquency to a reporting agency.  But this reporting would be your NYT account, not the credit card.
"Yes. Filling all the orders of just reservations will bring in over 2 billion in revenue. Spending 1.16 billion to make 2+ billion isn't bad business. It is the ""it takes money to make money"" rule of life.   EDIT: I re-ran the numbers (assuming every order is the base model) and its more like 2.1 billion."
"I worked for a large well known corporation as a senior programmer, and was in charge of interviewing programmers. This is in NYC. Out of 50 pre-screened candidates we hired 2. Half of the candidates can't answer the simplest questions like ""write a function to reverse a string"", which every first year Comp Science student should be able to do.  And our salaries were good, not $60K.  So yes, even in NYC there's not enough talent."
"Oddly enough, in the USA, there are enough cost and tax savings between buy-and-hold of a static portfolio and buying into a fund that a few brokerages have sprung up around the concept, such as FolioFN, to make it easier for small investors to manage numerous small holdings via fractional shares and no commission window trades. A static buy-and-hold portfolio of stocks can be had for a few dollars per trade.  Buying into a fund involves various annual and one time fees that are quoted as percentages of the investment.  Even 1-2% can be a lot, especially if it is every year.  Typically, a US mutual fund must send out a 1099 tax form to each investor, stating that investors share of the dividends and capital gains for each year. The true impact of this is not obvious until you get a tax bill for gains that you did not enjoy, which can happen when you buy into a fund late in the year that has realized capital gains.  What fund investors sometimes fail to appreciate is that they are taxed both on their own holding period of fund shares and the fund's capital gains distributions determined by the fund's holding period of its investments. For example, if ABC tech fund bought Google stock several years ago for $100/share, and sold it for $500/share in the same year you bought into the ABC fund, then you will receive a ""capital gains distribution"" on your 1099 that will include some dollar amount, which is considered your share of that long-term profit for tax purposes. The amount is not customized for your holding period, capital gains are distributed pro-rata among all current fund shareholders as of the ex-distribution date. Morningstar tracks this as Potential Capital Gains Exposure and so there is a way to check this possibility before investing. Funds who have unsold losers in their portfolio are also affected by these same rules, have been called ""free rides"" because those funds, if they find some winners, will have losers that they can sell simultaneously with the winners to remain tax neutral.  See ""On the Lookout for Tax Traps and Free Riders"", Morningstar, pdf In contrast, buying-and-holding a portfolio does not attract any capital gains taxes until the stocks in the portfolio are sold at a profit.  A fund often is actively managed.  That is, experts will alter the portfolio from time to time or advise the fund to buy or sell particular investments. Note however, that even the experts are required to tell you that ""past performance is no guarantee of future results."""
Cryptocurrency investments. Got lucky and turned 1k into 50k in a month. 25k given to me from family members and 25k saved from working. I have a college degree btw. I just can't use it because i have deeprooted anxiety issues keeping me underemployed. Anyway 100k isn't a lot. I can't even buy a house and can barely even get a downpayment where i live and i wouldn't come close to being able to pay my mortgage.
I don't think things will get better, anytime soon.   Globalization. Automation. None of those are under control of any President anymore. The game is rigged by Big Finance, Big Pharma, Big Agriculture, the military-industrial complex, Big Oil, fucking *Comcast*...our economy is just not healthy.   A grid-lock of regulations and established monopolies. How can any single man impact any of that? The Big Wheels will keep on turning, good jobs will become fewer and fewer, benefits will dwindle. Even the best-intentioned President can't tackle any of that, anymore.   I think there's an extremely *slim* chance we won't become a South-American style country, with 2-5% owning everything and a brutal police force keeping the poor at bay.   You can see glimpses of that possible future today. Ferguson will be an every day occurrence, and it won't be just black people anymore.    Oh well, it was a nice experiment for the 200 or so years while it lasted.
"lmao do you really think showing up ""on time and sober"" is something that you need to learn? Showing up to work fucked up and late is literally degenrate-tier behavior. Most of the people I know who took fast food jobs out of desperation are still working there. Shit, my brother's been working at goodwill for years now."
HFT allows those with access to leverage sub-second propagation delays in pricing, which screws those without access to HFT systems. And since market-based capital gains are a ponzi scheme, this means that HFT essentially creates a money funnel from those without to those with.   I honestly don't see how HFT benefits the market at all - it only benefits those with HFT systems to the detriment of those without. A transaction tax that makes HFT untenable simply removes HFT systems from the equation. The markets stay liquid; stocks stay fungible.   The markets ran just fine for almost a century without HFT.
Where does shitty work come in? This road obviously goes both ways, respecting your employees does not equate to allowing them to get away with whatever they want. I think you may be confused about the content of my posts
The Paragraph talks about dividends given by Mutual Funds. Say a fund has NAV of $ 10, as the value of the underlying security grows, the value of the fund would also grow, lets say it becomes $ 12 in 2 months. Now if the Mutual Fund decides to pay out a dividend of $ 1 to all unit holder, then post the distribution of dividend, the value of the Fund would become to $ 11. Thus if you are say investing on 1-April and know that dividends of $1 would be paid on 5-April [the divided distribution date is published typically weeks in advance], if you are hoping to make $1 in 5 days, that is not going to happen. On 6-April you would get $1, but the value of the fund would now be $11 from the earlier $12. This may not be wise as in some countries you would ending up paying tax on $1. Even in shares, the concept is similar, however the price may get corrected immediately and one may not actually see it going down by $1 due to market dynamics.
"Most markets around the world have been downtrending for the last 6 to 10 months. The definition of a downtrend is lower lows and lower highs, and until you get a higher low and confirmation with a higher high the downtrend will continue. If you look at the weekly charts of most indexes you can determine the longer term trend. If you are more concerned with the medium term trend then you could look at the daily charts. So if your objective is to try and buy individual stocks and try to make some medium to short term profits from them I would start by first looking at the daily charts of the index your stock belongs to. Only buy when the intermediate trend of the market is moving up (higher highs and higher lows).  You can do some brief analysis on the stocks your interested in buying, and two things I would add to the short list in your question would be to check if earnings are increasing year after year. The second thing to look at would be to check if the earnings yield is greater than the dividend yield, that way you know that dividends are being paid out from current earnings and not from previous earning or from borrowings. You could then check the daily charts of these individual stocks and make sure they are uptrending also. Buy uptrending stocks in an uptrending market. Before you buy anything write up a trading plan and develop your trading rules. For example if price breaks through the resistance line of a previous high you will buy at the open of the next day. Have your money management and risk management rules in place and stick to your plan. You can also do some backtesting or paper trading to check the validity of your strategy. A good book to read on money and risk management is - ""Trade your way to Financial Freedom"" by Van Tharp. Your aim should not be to get a winner on every trade but to let your winners run and keep your losses small."
Does your apartment have several bedrooms that are all different in size? If yes, then everyone can pay by square footage. However, if you share the room with your girlfriend, it won’t work. Even if your live in a master bedroom with her, you friend will probably pay more than your girlfriend.  I heard there are websites that let each roommate bid the max they’re willing to pay for each room in the apartment. You can try one of these service. Or you can simply divide the rent between three of you, but utilities will be covered only by you.
Tesla is going to zero and will be bankrupt in 3-4 years.  This is just one more of their big media pronouncements to suck in investors.  Yes I know I will be downvoted for this.  Think about it:  what kind of company seeks 22 year old cult fans?  The answer:  one that loses money hand over fist with no prospect of that changing.
every list I see is jam packed with women as candidates.  it's hard to believe that of all the potential proven (know how to make money) executives in America (or maybe worldwide) that 2 out of 3 BEST picks are women
It may become difficult to rent a car or a hotel room. It may affect your ability to get a job. Some employers now check credit reports and disqualify candidates with a poor credit report. It may affect your ability to get a security clearance or professional bonding. It may affect your ability to find housing. Many landlords check credit reports. You may be harassed morning, noon, and night by collection agencies. This can be theoretically solved by declaring bankruptcy, but the bankruptcy court may force the sale of some of your assets to make payments towards your debt.
First of all debt is a technology that allows borrower to bring forward their spending; it's a financial time machine. From borrowers point of view debt is good when it increases overall economic utility.  A young person wants to bring up a family but cannot afford the house. Had they waited for 30 years they would have reached the level of income and savings to buy the house for cash. By the time it might be too late to raise a family, sure they'd enjoy the house for the last 20 years of their life. But they would loose 30 years of utility - they could have enjoyed the house for 50 years! So, for a reasonable fee, they can bring the spending forward.  Another young person might want to enjoy a life of luxury, using the magical debt time machine and bringing forward their future earnings. They might spend 10 years worth of future earnings on entertainment within a year and have a blast. Due to the law of diminishing marginal utility - all that utility is pretty much wasted, but they'll still will need to make sacrifices in the future. The trick is to roughly match the period of debt repayment to the economic life of the purchase. Buying a house means paying over 30 years for an asset that has an economic life of 80 years+, given that the interest fee is reasonable and the house won't loose it's value overnight that's a good debt. Buying a used car with a remaining life of 5 years and financing its with a seven years loan - is not a good idea. Buying a luxurious holiday that lasts a fortnight with 2 years of repayments, i.e. financing non-essential short term need with medium term debt is insane. The other question is could the required utility be achieved through a substitute at a lower cost without having to bring the spending forward or paying the associated fee.
The CFA is not a gatekeeper to any given job, but can be a requirement after you get a certain job (equity research, asset management).  There are even some that actively think it is a waste of time (investment banking).  Networking and prepping for interviews is what ultimately get you what you are seeking; don't rely on the credential to do so.  Source:  private equity 6 mo., BB IB for 3 years, equity research 6 mo.
Extremewraps.shop is among the top notch car window tinting service near your area in Washington. Our team of professionals are expert in window tinting of nay vehicle and we also run a school to teach art of tinting. Book appointment today!
"You can deduct what you pay for your own and your family's health insurance regardless of whether it is subsidized by your employer or not, as well  as all other medical and dental expenses for your family, as an itemized deduction on Schedule A of Form 1040, but only to the extent that the  total exceeds 7.5% of your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) (10% on tax returns for year 2013 onwards). As pointed out in KeithB's comment, you cannot deduct any health insurance premium (or other medical expense) that was paid for out of pre-tax dollars, nor indeed can you deduct any medical expense to the extent that  it was paid for by the insurance company directly to hospital or doctor (or reimbursed to you) for a covered expense; e.g. if the insurance company reimbursed you $72 for a claim for a doctor's visit for which you paid $100 to the doctor, only $28 goes on Schedule A to be added to the amount that you will be comparing to the 7.5% of AGI threshold, and the $72 is not income to you that needs to be reported on Form 1040. Depending on other items on Schedule A, your total itemized deductions might not exceed the standard deduction, in which case you will likely choose to use the standard deduction. In this case, you ""lose"" the deduction for medical expenses as well as all other expenses deductible on Schedule A. Summary of some of the discussions in the comments   Health care insurance premiums cannot be paid for   from HSA accounts (IRS Pub 969, page 8, column 2, near   the bottom) though there are some exceptions.  Nor   can health care insurance premiums be paid from an   FSA account (IRS Pub 969, page 17, column 1, near the top). If you have a business on the side and file a Schedule C as a self-employed person, you can buy medical insurance for that business's employees (and their families too, if you like) as an employment benefit, and pay for it out of the income of the Schedule C business, (thus saving on taxes). But be aware that if you have employees other than yourself in the side business, they would need to be covered by the same policy too.  You can even decide to pay all medical expenses of your employees and their families too (no 7.5% limitation there!) as an employment benefit but again, you cannot discriminate against other employees (if any) of the Schedule C business in this matter.  Of course, all this money that reduced your Schedule C income does not go on Schedule A at all. If your employer permits your family to be covered under its health insurance plan (for a cost, of course), check whether you are allowed to pay for the insurance with pre-tax dollars.  The private (non-Schedule C) insurance would, of course, be paid for with post-tax dollars.  I would doubt that  you would be able to save enough money on taxes to make up the difference between $1330/month and $600/month, but it might also be that the private insurance policy covers a lot less than your employer's policy does.  As a rule of thumb, group insurance through an employer can be expected to offer better coverage than privately purchased insurance. Whether the added coverage is worth the additional cost is a  different matter.  But while considering this matter, keep in mind that privately purchased insurance is not  always guaranteed to be renewable, and a company might decline to renew a policy if there were a large number of claims. A replacement policy might not cover pre-existing conditions for some time (six months? a year?) or maybe even permanently.  So, do consider these aspects as well.  Of course, an employer can also change health insurance plans or drop them entirely as an employment benefit (or you might quit and go work for a different company), but as long as the employer's health plan is in existence, you (and continuing members of your family) cannot be discriminated against and denied coverage under the employer's plan."
Here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content:   * [IMF:Debt Sustainability Analyses for Low-Income Countries: An Assessment of Projection Performance(PDF)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/79qemw/imfdebt_sustainability_analyses_for_lowincome/) on /r/Economics with 7 karma (created at 2017-10-31 04:16:16 by /u/mberre)  ----   ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot  ^^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index)-[Code](https://github.com/PokestarFan/DuplicateBot)-[Bugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypgmx/bugs_and_problems/)-[Suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypg85/suggestion_for_duplicatesbot/)-[Block](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index#wiki_block_bot_from_tagging_on_your_posts)  ^^Now ^^you ^^can ^^remove ^^the ^^comment ^^by ^^replying ^^delete!
&gt;Until there is a significant price pressure, it’s always going to be cost prohibitive to build high in earthquake prone zones. Those mitigation measures don’t come cheap at all.  It doesn't matter what the economics are if it's literally illegal.  &gt;As for the skyline, eh, that’s subjective. If the local culture values a “small town” or even bucolic feel, keeping buildings below tree lines isn’t regressive at all.  Sure... But blaming the problem on immigration when 75% of the city is zoned for &lt;3 story structures is ignorant.
Basically the balance you see in your account is the amount of money you currently have a right to (based on the fact that you have deposited it with the bank) you can of course take this money out pretty well whenever you like or move it however you like. However your bank account is not physical money, the currency you deposite is warehoused and used as the bank sees fit, your account is simply a statement keeping track of how much money the bank is holding for you.   The banks ability to use deposited funds to make money relies on the fundamental assumption that not everyone is going to withdraw all of there deposited funds at once. All banks will have legislated liquidity requirements (how much money needs to be kept in cash or near cash securities (short term interest bearing paper basically) in order to allow for pretty much any reasonable number of people to withdraw any amount of money.Additionally the bank as you said makes money on its loans, securities trading and investment banking activities, that money belongs to the bank and gives them even more money to play around with.  Obviously there have historically been instances in which bank runs occur (everyone tries to withdraw all there money at once, bank dosent acctually have enough liquid assets to pay) or cases in which a bank experiences solvency issues for other reasons (having to pay out poorly thought out speculative securities transactions RE north american housing crash in 2008) in these cases there are consumer protection agencies that insure financial institutions against insolvency (varies by country) But under most normal circumstances the bank uses some portion of deposited funds to make money and has systems in place to ensure an individual person can access there deposited funds as needed.   TLDR: account statement just shows how much money you have given the bank and can thus claim back from them (in the form of withdraw) bank has legally dictated cash reserve percentage to allow for everyone to withdraw money when they need it under most normal circumstances.
Warren Buffet and Berkshire Hathaway took a 50% loss in each of the last two bear markets. His stock even lost 10% in 2015 when the S&P lost 8%. He doesn't have a track record to support the claim that his stock performs relatively better in a bear market, so perhaps it's best to take his letter with a grain of salt. Edit: As one commenter points out, Mr. Buffett is comparing the book performance of his fund to the market performance of an index. That is an apples to oranges comparison. It's deceptive at best.
"This is an easy question - The US government has demonstrated, repeatedly, that it **will** bail out the ""established"" auto industry.   Tesla is very very cool, and may well bury the rest of the auto industry eventually, but they're not viewed as ""too big to fail"".   Thus, Ford's bonds, even if *practically* ""junk"", are essentially backed by US Treasury; that's a pretty good deal, if you're looking for ultra low risk."
"I'm all for thrift stores and yard sales. When they're littler they're more into comfort, perhaps insisting on certain colors, but somewhere around 13 they start to become more fashion conscious. If you want name brand clothes for kids, hit yard sales or consignment stores in better neighborhoods. Other places are Ross's or Marshall's. Both carry name brands. It's just you never know what they'll have. Another stategy is to buy fewer clothes. If you do laundry twice a week, you just don't need as much. Aim for mix and match. Also have play clothes for rough and tumble wear and ""good"" clothes for school and church. All these help keep costs down. My sister and I maintained an informal exchange between the cousins. This helped a good deal. A church in our neighborhood has a yearly clothing giveaway. That kind of thing may be an option for you as well. Or you could request needed items on Yahoo's freecycle. I see alot of clothes being given or requested on that site. I had one son who ripped out knees. Double kneed pants were a great investment. It looked like a rather large patch of fusible interfacing attached to the inside knee area. So it might work if you tried that on exisitng pants. Hope these help."
Sure. Download the hash list:   https://rapidshare.com/files/3253529642/combo_not.zip  Unzip and stick in your favourite text editor. Then go here:   http://hash.online-convert.com/sha1-generator    Stick your pw in that first box. Hit 'Calculate hash'. Take the first plain hex string in the green box and search for it in the hash list in your text editor.
Stocks go down and go back up, that's their nature... Why would you sell on a low point? Stocks are a long term investment. If the company is still healthy, it's very likely you'll be able to sell them with a profit if you wait long enough.
Driving schools in Toronto vary widely in cost together with quality. When considering which school to select ask specific questions and do your research. Select a school which you understand has instructors using a proven reputation as well as the student’s best interests at heart.
"You have no recourse on the spot to do anything to the vendor other than pay the fee, pay cash, or walk away.  If you're on a mission with longer-term horizon than immediate satisfaction, your options will vary by state.  If you're in a state where the fees are legal and the owner is (potentially) violating an agreement with the card company, you can report the vendor to the card company.  They may or may not really care.  If you're in a state where the fee is actually illegal, you'd need to see what options you have with the local authorities. You should keep in mind that if the vendor is violating an agreement that's between the vendor and the card company only, you have absolutely no rights to enforce that agreement.  You only have legal rights if you're a party to the agreement in question or if the law gives you some special rights specific to given circumstances. (The lawyers call this having ""standing."")  Likewise if the vendor is doing something that's not consistent with the agreement between you and the card company, you also have no claim against the vendor (because the vendor is not party to your agreement with the card company), although you might have a claim against the card company."
Even assuming you were reading the balance sheet correctly it means nothing. What banks mostly care about is cash flow.  Do they have enough extra money to make the payments on whatever they borrow? I have never had a credit card company ask me about assets--they don't care.  They care about income with which to pay the credit card bill. Have a solid record of paying your bills and enough income to pay back what you are trying to borrow and you'll have an excellent credit rating no matter what your net worth.  Whether you are one person or a megacorporation makes no difference.
I actually have a problem with these sort of cases because they imply that the issue in the housing bubble was fraud or deception. It wasn't- the problem was overoptimism. Borrowers and lenders jointly indulging in a fantasy that housing prices could never seriously decline in a correlated manner. The longer we pretend it was only the liars who were culpable, and not everyone, the farther we are from being able to prevent this sort of thing.
If you are intent on becoming a quant, I concur with most of the opinions in this thread - you will *need* a graduate degree, because it is a relatively small field, and it is densely populated with people who have graduate degrees specializing more closely in the field than Engineering will ever touch upon.  However - don't give up searching for killer work opportunities, like the kind you are currently getting. If you maintain an excellent GPA, in combination with these work placements, you can easily secure a spot in a top degree program - you are placed in an 'EngSci' comparable program, meaning you will possess a top-notch understanding of math, and have demonstrated experience in business.   If you plan to search for work in Canada after graduation, I would highly recommend getting your graduate degree from University of Toronto - while it is often a poorly regarded undergraduate finance school, when employers are looking for soft-skills (Ivey and Queens slaughter Rotman undergrads for job placements), absolutely no one disputes that University of Toronto students have a top-notch grasp of theory, and it is commonly regarded (from what I have heard, at least) as one of the toughest schools.  At U of T, there are two degrees that might fit for your field - the [mmf](http://www.mmf.utoronto.ca/), and [MFE](http://www.economics.utoronto.ca/index.php/index/mfe). It would probably be prudent to call around, or tap people in the industry in NYC or Toronto to let you know which is preferable, or a best fit (I sense the mmf, but my opinion is next to worthless here).   If you are interested in working in NYC, and have the money for a graduate degree in the States without putting yourself under a mountain of debt, get educated there - your program directors will know the Street better than those in Toronto, most likely. black_cows gave excellent advice, though I would add one thing - know that doing this work in Canada and the US are *very* different propositions, especially for the sell side. You probably know this, but look no further than places like WSO, or colleagues at internships, for horror stories related to hours, conditions, perks, pay, etc at American banks these days. (I have friends that have worked 55 hours *straight* in their offices. If you consider that a point of pride.. go crazy! Otherwise.. be wary.)
Dollar cost averaging is beneficial if you don't have the money to make large investments but are able to add to your holding over time. If you can buy the same monetary amount at regular intervals over time, your average cost per share will be lower than the stock's average value over that time. This won't necessarily get you the best price, but it will get you, on the whole, a good price and will enable you to increase your holdings over time. If you're doing frequent trading on a highly volatile stock, you don't want to use this method. A better strategy is to buy the dips: Know the range, and place limit orders toward the bottom of the range. Then place limit orders to sell toward the high end of the range. If you do it right, you might be able to build up enough money to buy and sell increasing numbers of shares over time. But like any frequent trader, you'll have to deal with transaction fees; you'll need to be sure the fees don't eat all your profit.
"What does it mean in terms of share price? Should the share price increase by 15 cents?  No, but you're on the right track. In theory, the price of a share reflects it's ""share"" of time discounted future earnings. To put it concretely, imagine a company consistently earning 15 cents a share every year and paying it all out as dividends. If you only paid 25 cents for it, you could earn five cents a share by just holding it for two years. If you imagine that stocks are priced assuming a holding period of 20 years or so, so we'd expect the stock to cost less than 3 dollars.  More accurately, the share price reflects expected future earnings. If everyone is assuming this company is growing earnings every quarter, an announcement will only confirm information people have already been trading based on. So if this 15 cents announcement is a surprise, then we'd expect the stock price to rise as a function of both the ""surprise"" in earnings, and how long we expect them to stay at this new profitability level before competition claws their earnings away. Concretely, if 5 cents a share of that announcement were ""earnings surprise,"" you'd expect it to rise somewhere around a dollar."
No, in your situation it is not possible. Mostly, only three types of accounts are available to individuals: So, a complete foreigner can open account in India, only if he is working in India, a type of Savings account, and that account too will be linked to his resident status. If he leaves work, he needs to close this account. Edit: There are business accounts, and current accounts, but those are available only to businesses. Further read at SBI gives a good snapshot
This would be no different than asking if you can live in one state and earn a paycheck, then move to another state with a lower tax rate before your tax bill is due so you can save on your taxes for that income. Answer -- No The tax on lottery winnings is based on the state where the lottery was held, because for legal purposes that's where the winnings are considered to have been earned for taxation purposes. Also, changing where you live after earning money does not change your tax liability at all.  You still owe the state where the money was earned the tax that is due. I hope this helps. Good luck!
I love that the Spanish named like half of the locations in Argentina to something in some way silver related.  And there was nothing of the sort there. Nothing.  Yet they were *certain* they would find that silver. Always made me wonder...did the indigenous peoples wear a lot of silver traded from Brazil or something?
I like your enthusiasm and initiative. However, there are a few things you need to consider that you haven't yet thought about. First, it is important to remember that trading with fake money is not the same as trading with real money.  In the fake world, you have $100k.  With this fake money, you can do reckless things with it, such as put it all on one stock.  If you lose, it costs you nothing, so you don't have an emotional attachment to it.  With real money, it will feel different, and that is something you haven't experienced yet. Second, you mentioned that you are good at making picks.  With all due respect, I suggest that you aren't old enough to make that determination.  You haven't been trading for long enough to determine if you are doing well at it.  :)  That having been said, I don't want to completely discourage you from trying something new. Third, you mentioned long-term investing, but you also said that you need to make your money back quick and mentioned trading daily.  Those things aren't really compatible.  I wouldn't consider what you are doing as long-term investing.  With the type of investing you are doing, picking individual stocks and hoping for the value to go up in a relatively short time-frame, it is similar to gambling.  The risk of losing is very much there, and you shouldn't be investing money this way that you aren't prepared to lose.  If you need the money for something soon, don't put it in the stock market. Never forget this.  What can happen is that you start with small amounts of money, do well, and then, thinking that you are good at this, put in larger amounts of money.  You will eventually lose.  If you put in money that you need for something else, you have a problem. If you are trying this out for education and entertainment purposes, that is great.  But when it starts to get serious, make sure that you are aware of the risks.  Educate yourself and be smart. Here is what I would suggest: If you want to try this short-term day-trading type investing, and you understand that the money can easily be lost, I would balance that with investing in a more traditional way: Set aside an amount each month to put in a low-expense index mutual fund.  Doing this will have several benefits for you:  As for your specific questions about stock trading with small amounts: Yes, you can trade with small amounts; however, every time you trade, you will be paying a commission.  Even with a discount broker, if you are trading frequently, the commissions you will be paying will be very significant at the dollar amounts you are talking about.  The only way I can see around this would be to try the Robinhood app, which allows you to trade without paying sales commission.  I have no experience with that app.
Not only do you not understand tech, you apparently don't understand science either. You made the original claim. Not me. What I said is that you're wrong. I CAN provide proof of that, since I happen to do this particular flavor of tech stuff for a living and have reference docs sitting all around me as I write this, but first I'm really interested in seeing what on earth you believe to be true that led you to make your original statement.   It's okay though, we both know you can't offer any explanation on that. The objectively verifiable reason is that you're wrong.   &gt; you can plainly see whenever you open the uber app that it has your location. You think that just happens magically?  So do you have anything to back up what you were getting at in this claim or are you still unsure of how conversation works?
Yeah, now I feel bad for my snarky response. I could have been more constructive and helpful. It's tough trying to figure all this out, especially if its all new. I appreciate your willingness to edit your post and your attitude. I'd say if you're looking for more personal and detailed responses, there are great Day-in-the-Life articles and interviews/forums that will be more helpful than this Finance reddit. Keep up the good work and good luck.
&gt; I think if you do a new passport application, or you need to include new photos you can't do the whole thing online and need to do some verification steps (but you can do those at post offices IIRC..).  Your solution to mailing in documents and a check is for me to go to the post office?  I'm trying to save time, not simply figure out how to eliminate checks from my life.
You're ignoring inflation. Even if we assume the ECB sticks to its 2% inflation  target, and your salary only rises in line with inflation, you will be saving considerably more in forty years' time than you are today. In fact, an interest rate of 2% and an inflation rate of 2% make the sums exceptionally easy. You need to save €25,000 per year in 2057 euros to be a millionaire by 2057, which is €11,322 in 2017 euros. Challenging, but achievable. Of course, you'll only be a millionaire in 2057 euros, which will be worth less than half as much as a euro is worth right now.
what do you mean by abnormal amount of risk on day to day operations? and upfront ill more than likely need quite a bit of capital. as far as partnership I'd be the sole owner for now. unless I find a better option along the way. also thank you for all your help.
Thank you, finally somebody else who is able to explain this basic premise.   It's odd how many people operate on the assumption that businesses operate on a margin so thin that every $1 of increased cost must be added to the product price. It just bears no resemblance to reality...
For listed options in NYSE,CBOE, is it possible for an option holder to exercise an option even if it is not in the money?  Abandonment of in-the-money options or the exercise of out-of-the-money options are referred as contrarian instructions. They are sometimes forbidden, e.g. see CME - Weekly & End-of-Month (EOM) Options on Standard & E-mini S&P 500 Futures  (mirror): In addition to offering European-style alternatives (which by definition can only be exercised on expiration day), both the weekly and EOM options prohibit contrarian instructions (the abandonment of in-the-money options, or the exercise of out-of-the-money options). Thus, at expiration, all in-the-money options are automatically exercised, whereas all options not in-the-money are automatically abandoned.
I hope you rated him a one star. A one star is grounds for an immediate review. It's how you weed out those who certainly aren't cut out of this gig. I guarantee if that wasn't the only time that Lyft driver did what he did, he's probably gone by now.
I think the $500mm number was bullshit. A common trick is that a private company will raise $50mm for 10% of the company, and say they're worth $500mm. But then it turns out that the new investors get preferences- like they're guaranteed to be paid back first if the company goes bankrupt, or they're guaranteed to get back the first $100mm of an IPO. Since the company really sold 10% of itself *plus other stuff*, they are worth less than $500mm.   Therefore, I find Ellen Pao's claim that Reddit was worth $250mm in 2015 credible. It is also why I'm suspicious about the $1.7b number today.
Everyone and their grandmother has been expecting QE to taper since May 2013. If the drop is caused by that, then it shouldn't be too serious.  Also, can people stop comparing stuff to 2009? 2009 was a unique once-in-a-lifetime circumstance, and not indicative of actual market values.
"There are at least a couple problems:   Your friend may not manage money well and so may not have enough money in the account.  Check bounces.  They get charged a fee.  You get charged a fee.  You have to chase after the friend to get the fee paid.  The friend was cheap about the regular fees and doesn't want to pay this much higher fee.   Your ""friend"" may really be a crook.  The check is no good.  Perhaps it's written under a false identity such that you are attempting to cash a stolen/forged check.  You cash it.  They take the money and disappear.  You get charged with participating in the crime, go to jail, and now have a criminal record (worst case).   My quick thought is that if you don't know the person well enough to know the home address, you don't know the person well enough to cash checks.   In general, I would view this the same as a loan.  When loaning to a friend, you should never loan more than you are willing to lose.  Note that an actual loan would be safer.  If you loan $50 to a friend, at worst you're out $50.  If you deposit a fraudulent check, you did something illegal.  You will have to be convincing when you tell your story to the police.  If they don't believe you, they could charge you.  A couple bad breaks and you could go to jail."
If you want to see one split, well, a reverse split anyway, keep an eye on TZA, FAZ, BGZ, and any Direxion fund.  These funds decay continuously forever.  Once they get close to $10-$15 or so, they reverse-split them back to the $30-$50 range and the process starts over.  This happens about once a year. A few years ago I sent Direxion an email asking what happens when they run out of shares to reverse split and the reply was that's its an open fund where shares can be created or redeemed at will.  That still didn't answer the question of what happens when they run out of shares.  If they create new shares, the price will drop below the $10 level where many fund managers aren't allowed to buy.
Credit cards are meant to be used so generally it doesn't hurt your credit score to use them.  To top it off you even get an interest grace period so you don't have to rush home and pay balances as soon as they're charged.   In general you accrue charges during your statement period, we'll call it September 1 through September 30.  The statement due date is something like 20 days after the close of the statement period, so we'll call it October 20.  As long as you habitually pay your entire statement balance by the due date you will never pay interest.  You charge your laptop on September 3, it shows up on your statement as $1,300, you pay $1,300 on October 18, you pay no interest. However, if you pay $1,000 on October 18 leaving a $300 balance to be carried in to the next statement period (a carried balance) you will pay interest.  Generally interest is calculated based on your average daily balance during the statement period, which is now be the October 1 to October 31 period.  You'll notice that you didn't pay anything until the October 18, that means the entire $1,300 will be included in your average daily balance up to the 18th of the month.  Add to that, anything else you charge on the card now will be included in your average daily balance for interest charge calculation purposes. The moral of the story is, use your card, and pay your entire statement balance before the due date.   Now how much will this impact your credit score?  It's tough to say.  Utilization is not a bad thing until it's a big number.  I've read that 70% utilization and over is really the point at which lenders will raise an eyebrow and under 30% is considered excellent. If you have one card and $1,300 is a significant portion of your available limit, then yes you should probably pay it down quickly.  Spend six or so months using the card and paying it, then call your bank and ask for a credit line increase.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-forex-idUSKBN19R02B?il=0) reduced by 77%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; NEW YORK The dollar fell on Thursday after a round of weaker-than-expected U.S. employment data, affirming a gradual pace of interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve as the labor market cools.  &gt; Ahead of Friday&amp;#039;s U.S. non-farm payrolls data, the ADP National Employment Report showed private-sector payrolls increased by 158,000 jobs last month, less than the 230,000 positions created in May and below economists&amp;#039; expectations for a gain of 185,000.  &gt; The employment index fell to 55.8, compared with 57.8 in May, suggesting a cooling labor market.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6lodrz/the_dollar_fell_on_thursday_after_a_round_of/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~160900 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **U.S.**^#1 **Fed**^#2 **employment**^#3 **minutes**^#4 **dollar**^#5"
First, a margin account is required to trade options.  If you buy a put, you have the right to deliver 100 shares at a fixed price, 50 can be yours, 50, you'll buy at the market. If you sell a put, you are obligated to buy the shares if put to you. All options are for 100 shares, I am unaware of any partial contract for fewer shares.  Not sure what you mean by leveraging the position, can you spell it out more clearly?
$100,000 is a fuckton of income unless you're convinced that you have to live in a $600,000 house, drive a $40,000 SUV, use a $600 smartphone with a $150/month data plan, and drink $4 cups of coffee every day just to get by.
But these weather risks you mention are very local, and typically not very linear.  A 35 degree day in May is no big deal, but a 30 degree day could ruin your fruit harvest for the year.  And farmers and ski resorts may actually be able to buy real insurance products that would apply to their actual situation, rather than something price indexed to the temperature in Chicago that day.
"&gt; However, we are part of a group working with the German Banking Association on getting this law updated to bring it into the line with other jurisdictions around the world""  Eli5 on how this would be done and how can it line with others around the world? I guess each would be hard to ""pair up"" to others if they have big differences on how they work."
Nearly every state in the US is full-recourse. If one doesn't seek bankruptcy protection, creditors can seek judgement, and collect assets. Foreclosures frequently sell for approximately half the market price. Considering unemployment risk, homes can be risky.  A far better way to accumulate wealth is with equities (stocks).  However, the risk converts from insolvency to liquidation since during times of high unemployment, equities are also cheap, causing any liquidation used to fund current expenses to be potentially ruinous.
Who would lose their jobs?  Sure some jobs that can only exist at $7 an hour would disappear, but when the lower and middle class hav emore disposable income, consumer spending would go up, creating jobs in other areas.    Basically you would take money from the rich to put it in the hands of people who spend the money, stimulating the economy.  This increases the prosperity of the nation.
No. Securities brokers/dealers in the United States are licensed to broker debt and equity in corporations. (There are additional, commodities licenses to broker derivatives.) $20 American Eagle coins, or any other type of physical currency or physical precious metals can be traded or brokered by anyone without a specific license (except maybe a sales tax registration). The only situation where a securities license would be required is if a legal entity is holding the coins and you deal/broker an interest in that legal entity. For example, dealing in SPDR Gold Shares or a similar structure holding either physical assets or the right to purchase those assets (like a commodity pool) would require a securities and/or commodities dealing license.
Background: Graduated Highschool last June and am currently working a construction job making $19.50/hr working 45-50 hr weeks. I'm working the full year to save up money for university. Currently paying off $10000 loan for my car.  Question: So I roughly need $40000 for school and figure I'll still be short of that amount saved even if i work the full year. Do you guys think it's smart for me to take a 2nd gap year and make another $35000-$40000 that would not only finish paying off my school but would also sit in a blue chip stock account making me some income while attending school. Should I take the 2nd gap year or enroll in university next September? Thanks!
You are correct. The 65 is actually a longer test. The 66 requires you have the 7 first so you don't have strategy or product analysis questions. I have heard some say the 65 is harder because you are registering with the state as an investment advisor so don't need the 7. Regardless the biggest thing is know Uniform Securities Act inside and out.
"I went through the process so I'll add my experience for posterity. On the morning of the day I was ready to pay, I went to my mortgage company's web site and got an instant payoff statement dated for the same day. This had the final payoff amount as well as addresses to send checks and information about wiring. I printed this statement out and took it to my bank the same day and told them that I wanted to wire money. They referred to the printout and sent the money to the mortgage company. The next day, the mortgage company web site indicated that the loan was paid in full. Although sending a check (and the payoff statement indicated that cashier's checks were ""preferred""), wiring the money was an easy process and helped me to overcome my concerns about  situations that  might arise if mail had been used (i.e. I did not want to deal with the complexity of day-late/day-early fees/credits, and I did not want to worry about the complexity of potentially losing a cashier's check in the mail)."
Moving Companies Los Angeles offer several types of moving solutions. Often the thought of moving from one place to another place becomes a night mare to several people, because it needs careful planning and implementation. Even a small mistake can upset the entire plan of moving without any hassles.
Nothing for nothing, everyone is given the opportunity to roll their tax refund into an IRA at tax time. Given the EIC such there is little reason most low income families with children couldn't max out for a few years early on in a target retirement fund. But buying stuff is a much more popular option i guess. I do not know why learning math of money is not given more focus in school rather than other trivial things...
"Do social workers need Master's degrees? It may not all be from undergrad.  Alternately, if she had her loans in forbearance while job searching or something, interest would capitalize when she took them out of forbearance. She could also have been on a plan that had lower monthly payments earlier and scales up to higher ones and now she's in a higher part.  That said, did you not come from the generation of ""get a degree at all costs, it doesn't matter in what, companies won't hire you without a degree?""  Yeah, it's on the borrowers to repay and they could have chosen not to listen to that, but I think it's also somewhat irresponsible of us to expect 18 year olds (many of whom have never really handled their finances) to make smart choices about loans. Which is why every teacher, parent, guidance counselor, etc. isn't exactly innocent in this whole mess."
I don't understand gamer mentality.  On a related note, they like to make fun of fat midwest housewives playing Farmville or clicking internet ads to win shit, but as young males they do the same shit. Paying to get new levels faster on a free game? You've been duped! Haha.
Yes and very very few people get accepted to those prop shops. I work at one of the ones you listed and this year we didn't even bother looking at applicants with under 3 years of trading.    And even with bonus, this year many people are not hitting 100k for first years. Before it was true, but not that much anymore.
GA Progress is your daily source of business news, Feed your brain with our exclusive content of Technology, Business, Innovation and Much More, Just for you! We love to become the best business news site if not the best then most popular business news site will do, and we cannot do it without you guys, the readers of this site. Stay updated and subscribe to our newsletter!
I would just rely on the salary from my job in the US. If you don't have a job in the US, you're very unlikely to get a visa to move there and look for work, and so the question of how to take money there (except for a holiday) doesn't arise. (Unless you have dual Portuguese/American citizenship.)
You can only contribute up to 5% of your salary? Odd. Usually 401(k) contributions are limited to some dollar amount in the vicinity of $15,000 or so a year. Normal retirement guidelines suggest that putting away 10-15% of your salary is enough that you probably won't need to worry much when you retire. 5% isn't likely to be enough, employer match or no. I'd try to contribute 10-15% of my salary. I think you're reading the rules wrong. I'm almost certain. It's definitely worth checking. If you're not, you should seriously consider supplementing this saving with a Roth IRA or just an after-tax account.  So. If you're with Fidelity and don't know what to do, look for a target date fund with a date near your retirement (e.g. Target Retirement 2040) and put 100% in there until you have a better idea of what going on. All Fidelity funds have pretty miserable expense ratios, even their token S&P500 index fund from another provider, so you might as let them do some leg work and pick your asset allocation for you. Alternatively, look for the Fidelity retirement planner tools on their website to suggest an asset allocation. As a (very rough) rule of thumb, as you're saving for retirement you'll want to have N% of your portfolio in bonds and the rest in stocks, where N is your age in years. Your stocks should probably be split about 70% US and 30% rest-of-world, give or take, and your US stocks should be split about 64% large-cap, 28% mid-cap and 8% small-cap (that's basically how the US stock market is split).
they have capital reserves set aside for this. to replenish the reserves they will raise additional capital through debt or equity markets.  the new capital raise will also cover any shortfall on the claims.  cat bonds are used as well but will not cover 100%
&gt;Money is accumulated work, not debt.  I think you're slightly missing the point, but I do think the post does deal with that indirectly. Loddars are a store of value (they store current and future value of work). By promising to pay X loddars I've promised to do X amount of work. Similarly, the number of loddars I have is proportional to the amount of work I have done, or am expected to be able to do.  Which is why  &gt;The economy functions on work, not promises. The farmer may promise a million bushels of apples and the hunter may promise a million deer, but that's just fantasy.  Slightly misses the point. The farmer, the hunter, and the cooper can promise the sky and that's fantasy. But that's not really a criticism because it's not a realistic possibility.   The farmer, hunter, and cooper can also promise feasible things, like 10 sacks of potatoes, 5 deer skins, and 12 barrels to be delivered ten days from today. Because these promises are feasible (barring someone doesn't die) and because they've reliably delivered in the past, we can assume that their promises are good. Their promises are valuable because they are reliable producers.  And if a meteorite falls out of the sky to strike the hunter dead, we can actually measure the impact of his death and price it. If we know the hunter produces ~100 deer skins per year, and he dies suddenly, we could actually have planned ahead for such an eventuality. On the basis of their past performance, we can reliably price the value of their future promises. And if they don't perform, we can price that too.  How would we do that? Maybe each producer pays, as a premium, a part of their output into a central pot that they/their heirs/society can draw from if one of them dies, or under-produces. We can value this pot in loddars, and maybe this pot can even underwrite a few loans of loddars to others.   That being said I'm not sure I understand your bit about Krugman and how it relates?
Sometimes what happens is that a creditor will hand over accounts to a collection agency for action, and after a period of time, it may be reassigned to yet another collection agency if the first one was not successful.  Theoretically, this should not be cause to reset the date of collections on your bureau file, but that very well could have happened here. Another instance when this happens is when someone contacts a creditor about a collection item on their report, either to pay or dispute it.  Either way, this restarts the 7-year clock on that collection item, so if a debt is old enough, sometimes the best course of action is to let it go.  If a debt has been in collections for 4 years, let's say, and you decide to pay it off now, your score isn't going to improve because you paid the collection enough to offset the effect of having it refreshed on your bureau file.  Besides, creditors know how old the debt is, so waiting 4 years to pay it isn't going to win you any favors in their eyes anyway. To your question though, it seems to me the most likely thing is that somehow the debt was refreshed through some action by the creditor or one of the agencies assigned to collect on it. I hope this helps. Good luck!
"The perceived risk depends on the entire situation, but often it is considered more risk, especially if you want to occupy yourself. Things you need to consider: It can be very difficult to show a property with tenants occupying it. There are many reasons for this and most homes show / sell better empty. I have found many tenants make it difficult on the seller. Leaving their areas a mess, being unaccommodating and especially in markets that are flooded with options, a lot of buyers just won't bother with the difficulty of scheduling a showing in occupied properties. I've tried to purchase many properties where the renter insists on being there during a showing, but won't open the door and there's no recourse for the landlord because his lease or laws in the area don't allow you to enter without permission. Also, it can be difficult to look past a lot of clutter and other people's decorating and aroma ""preferences"" to be kind. :) Is the property currently under lease and what is the period of that lease? It could be that the lease is month to month, or it could be years remaining on the lease period. It is likely a legal requirement in most areas that you honor the existing lease. I would never buy a property that has multiple years remaining. While some amateur landlords will allow 2 or even 5 year leases, this is a very bad idea for many reasons! What are laws like in your area for evicting tenants? You should know this regardless of whether or not you intend to occupy or keep it a rental. It can be a very difficult process evicting tenants and this process is vastly different from country to country and state to state here in the USA. Look into the security deposit - assuming there is one. How much is the deposit? Will it cover damage that may not exist yet? Don't think that just because you plan on evicting them soon, it isn't important. People can trash a place on the way out and an expensive lawsuit could be your only recourse. It is far easier to take a deposit than sue. I would absolutely demand that the deposit transfer to you upon sale. View the current renters with a fresh eye. Especially if you are considering leave it a rental, look into all of the typical requirements: Their monthly income, their credit history, their criminal record, their payment history, their references. Are they likely to be good or terrible renters? If you're interested in the property, consider an offer which requires the current landlord to evict within the time-frame of the buy/sell agreement. This isn't an uncommon requirement. I think the first thing to do is go look at the property and see if you can determine for yourself why it hasn't sold yet. Properties all have different reasons for not selling in a reasonable time to the local market. Having renters alone in most markets shouldn't be that big of a factor. I would suspect bad smells, nasty renters, or an unfavorable lease agreement exists."
I wrote about the dynamic of why either of a lower or higher exchange rate would be good for economies in Would dropping the value of its currency be good for an economy? A strong currency allows consumers to   import goods cheaply from the rest of   the world.  A weak currency allows   producers to export goods cheaply to   the rest of the world.  People are   both consumers and producers.    Clearly, there have to be trade-offs. Strong or weak mean relative to Purchasing Power Parity (i.e. you can buy more or less of an equivalent good with the same money). Governments worrying about unemployment will try and push their currencies weaker relative to others, no matter the cost.  There will be an inflationary impact (imported inputs cost more as a currency weakens) but a country running a major surplus (like China) can afford to subsidise these costs.
"You literally just said ""Why control prices when we can change incomes?"". If you want to change the incomes of everyone working, you have to add money somewhere. The monetary system is not a zero sum game. You don't have a fixed amount of money. The disparity of wealth has nothing to do with actual money. It has to do with real hard assets, which you have a finite amount of and ARE zero sum. I'm done with this pretend discussion as it appears you can't have one or stay on the same topic between comments."
Yes, overall, it is a big inconvenience to you. This same issue applies for those that for example, receive Social Security benefits (and perhaps other government cash benefits) on a pre-paid card (rather than direct deposit to a bank account). They allow a few ways to get cash from the card:   You can get cash back (no fee) when you make a retail purchase. You could use the card for relatively small items you would purchase anyway, and get $100 or more back in cash each time. Every store/chain will have it's own limits on how much cash back they will allow per transaction. And, be careful, some stores charge a fee for cash back, but it's not at all common. If even these small purchases are an issue, you can then (presumably later) return the item you purchased without returning the cash-back you received (if the store allows returns/refunds). And, since a transaction with cash back is processed as a debit (rather than a credit), usually if you later return the purchased item, you will be refunded in cash (rather than a credit back to your card/account). Also, for other cards, sometimes you can go to a branch of the bank that issued the card and make a no fee withdraw, sometimes in cash and sometimes by check. This depends on the policy of the issuing bank, and the card account. Finally, most of this assumes that you are given a pin (or the opportunity to create one) with the card, because cash-back and ATM access requires a pin. And there are some banks/cards that don't allow any of this.
Something to consider is that in the case of the company you chose, on the OTC market, that stock is thinly traded and with such low volume, it can be easy for it to fluctuate greatly to have trades occur.  This is why volume can matter for some people when it comes to buying shares. Some OTC stocks may have really low volume and thus may have bigger swings than other stocks that have higher volume.
In theory there is no limit to the value of a cheque that you can write. However, that doesn't mean the bank will honour it even if you have sufficient funds in your account - if it appears out of the ordinary, they may block it on suspicion of fraud or money laundering.
The total number of shares on April 1st is 100 + 180 + 275 = 555.  The price on April 1st is required.  The current price is stated as $2, but $2 * 555 = $1110 and the current fund values is stated as $1500.  Opting to take the current value as $1500, the price on April 1st can be calculated as $1500/555 = $2.7027. The amounts invested as number of shares x share price are: (Note these investment amounts do not match the example scenario's investment amounts, presumably because the example numbers are just made up.) The monthly returns can be calculated: The current values for each investor as invested amount x returns are: Checking the total:
Sources such as Value Line, or S&P stock reports will show you dividend payout ratios (the American usage. These are the inverse of dividend cover ratios, with dividends being in the numerator, and earnings in the denominator. For instance, if the dividend cover ratio is 2, the dividend payout ratio is 1/2= 50%.
Imagine a married couple without a mortgage, but live in a house fully paid for. They pay state income taxes, and property tax, and make charitable deductions  that together total $12,599. That is $1 below the standard deduction for 2015, therefore they don't itemize.  Now they decide to get a mortgage: $100,000 for 30 years at 4%. That first year they pay about $4,000 in interest. Now it makes sense to itemize. That $4,000 in interest plus their other deductions means that if they are in the 25% bracket they cut their tax bill by $1,000. These numbers will decrease each year.  If they have a use for that pile of cash: such as a new roof, or a 100% sure investment that is guaranteed make more money for them then they are losing in interest it makes sense. But spending $4,000 to save $1,000 doesn't. Using the pile of cash to pay off the new mortgage means that the bank is collecting $4,000 a year so you can send $1,000 less to Uncle Sam.
Options are an indication what a particular segment of the market (those who deal a lot in options) think will happen. (and just because people think that, doesn't mean it will)  Bearing in mind however that people writing covered-calls may due so simply as part of a strategy to mitigate downside risk at the expense of limiting upside potential.  The presence of more people offering up options is to a degree an indication they are thinking the price will fall or hold steady, since that is in effect the 'bet' they are making.  OTOH the people buying those options are making the opposite bet.. so who is to say which will be right.  The balance between the two and how it affects the price of the options could be taken as an indication of market sentiment (within the options market) as to the future direction the stock is likely to take. (I just noticed that Blackjack posted the forumula that can be used to model all of this)  To address the last part of your question 'does that mean it will go lower' I would say this.  The degree to which any of this puts actual pressure on the stock of the underlying instrument is highly debatable, since many (likely most) people trading in a stock never look at what the options for that stock are doing, but base their decision on other factors such as price history, momentum, fundamentals and recent news about the company.  To presume that actions in the options market would put pressure on a stock price, you would need to believe that a signficant fraction of the buyers and sellers were paying attention to the options market.  Which might be the case for some Quants, but likely not for a lot of other buyers.   And it could be argued even then that both groups, those trading options, and those trading stocks, are both looking at the same information to make their predictions of the likely future for the stock, and thus even if there is a correlation between what the stock price does in relation to options, there is no real causality that can be established.  We would in fact predict that given access to the same information, both groups would by and large be taking similar parallel actions due to coming to similar conclusions regarding the future price of the stock.  What is far MORE likely to pressure the price would be just the shear number of buyers or sellers, and also (especially since repeal of the uptick rule) someone who is trying to actively drive down the price via a lot of shorting at progressively lower prices.  (something that is alleged to have been carried out by some hedge fund managers in the course of 'bear raids' on particular companies)
You can give YQL a try. I'm not sure it can do the query you want, but for example you can do: (try it here) And this best thing about it - it's free.
Actually, total return is the most important which isn't necessarily just price change as this doesn't account for dividends that may be re-invested.  Thus, the price change isn't necessarily that useful in terms of knowing what you end up with as an ending balance for an investment. Secondly, the price change itself may be deceptively large as if the stock initial price was low, e.g. a few dollars or less adjusting for stock splits as most big companies will split the stock once the price is high enough, then the percentages can be quite large years later. Something else to consider is the percentage change would be based on what as the initial base.  The price at the start of the chart or something else?  Carefully consider what you want the initial starting point to be in determining price shifts here as one could take either end and claim a rationale for using it. Most people want to look at the price to get an idea of what would X shares cost to purchase rather than look at the percentage change from day to day.
Ở đây, bạn có thể tin cậy và mong đợi nhiều hơn từ nhóm kinh nghiệm tốt nhất của chúng tôi. Chúng tôi cung cấp dịch vụ độc đáo cho trần thạch cao với giá phải chăng. Chúng tôi cung cấp sự hài lòng đầy đủ cho khách hàng của chúng tôi. SMY nhận ra hầu hết các dịch vụ trong ngành cung cấp tran thach cao. Dịch vụ của chúng tôi được đánh giá cao bởi khách hàng của chúng tôi cho các tính năng khác nhau như độ tin cậy. Chúng tôi luôn sẵn sàng giải quyết vấn đề và cung cấp vật liệu tốt nhất cho thạch cao, bền lâu.
I don't buy it.  The evidence offered seems weak.  Stocks are pretty high, but debt in the US has decreased according to the Federal Reserve statistics concerning debt.  It's true there is a little inflation in prices because of low interest rates, but as the Fed starts raising rates, there will be a correction.  Not a recession.
The idea being that if / when the CAD recovers I could see a gain of ~30%. That is the big if, maybe the USD and CAD will return to their previous exchange rates, maybe the CAD will fall further, you just don't know. You should try to keep a diversified pool of investments, that may include some cash in various currencies but unless you think you will need the money in the next few years it should probablly be mostly in other things. If you do think you will need the money in the next few years it should probablly be in a currency that is stable relative to the things you are likely to need it for.
The Loan You Want With the Rate You Deserve. Skip the middle man! Our proprietary algorithm searches over 6,000 lending sources worldwide placing you in direct contact with the absolute best lender. Any type of loan, Anywhere in the World. It's fast and Easy. No Dream Deferred, asisloans.com
"The interest rate offered by a bond is called the nominal interest rate.  The so-called real interest rate is the nominal interest rate minus the rate of inflation. If inflation is equal to or greater than the nominal rate at any given time, the REAL interest rate is zero or negative. We're talking about a ten year bond. It's possible for the real interest rate to be negative for one or two years of the bond's life, and positive for eight or nine.  On the other hand, if we have a period of rising inflation, as in the 1970s, the inflation rate will exceed the (original) interest rate in most years, meaning that the real interest rate on the ten year bond will be negative over its whole life. People lost ""serious"" money on bonds (and loans) in the 1970s. In such situations, the BORROWERS make out. That is, they borrow money at low rates, earn inflation (plus a little more) pay back inflated dollars, and pocket the difference. For them, the money is ""free."""
"If human beings were Homo Economicus, i.e. textbook rational and self-interested economic-minded beings, as opposed to simply human, then yes, simple advice like ""just stay out of debt and your credit score will take care of itself"" could work.  Your simplification would be very persuasive to such a being. However, people are not perfectly rational.  We buy something we shouldn't have, we charge it on a credit card, we can't afford to pay it off at the end of the month.  We lose our job.  Our furnace breaks down, or our roof leaks, and we didn't anticipate the replacement cost.  Some of this is our fault, some of it isn't – basically, shit happens .. and we get into debt...  maybe even knowing all the while we shouldn't have. Our credit history and score takes a hit.  Only then do we find out there are consequences! Our interest rates go up, our insurance companies raise premiums, our prospective new employers or landlords run credit checks and either deny us the job or the apartment. Telling a person who asks for help about their credit history/score that they shouldn't have taken on debt in the first place is like telling the farmer he should have kept the barn door shut so the horse wouldn't run out.  While it is not ""bad"" advice, it's not the only kind of advice to offer when somebody finds themselves in such a situation. Adding advice about corrective actions is more helpful.  The person probably already know that they shouldn't have overspent in the first place and got into debt.  Yes, remind them of the value of being sensible about debt in the first place – it's good reinforcement – but add some helpful advice to the mix.  e.g. ""So you're in debt.  You shouldn't have lived beyond your means.  But now that you are in this mess, here's what you can do to improve the situation."""
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-30/trump-s-dollar-mess-losses-pile-up-as-political-drama-mounts) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The dollar soared in November before ending the year at the highest since at least 2005, according to the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index, which tracks the greenback versus 10 global currencies.  &gt; While the stock market has rallied to new highs as equity investors looked past politics and focused on corporate earnings, the dollar has slumped more than 8 percent, wiping out the post-election bump and then some.  &gt; &amp;quot;Look at how the dollar moved up when it was felt that the Trump election was going to lead to happy days again,&amp;quot; Snow said.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6qoujg/stocks_are_at_all_time_highs_but_the_dollar_is/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~179908 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **dollar**^#1 **currency**^#2 **market**^#3 **Trump**^#4 **more**^#5"
"If you sell a stock, with no distributions, then your gain is taxable under §1001.  But not all realized gains will be recognized as taxable.  And some gains which are arguably not realized, will be recognized as taxable. The stock is usually a capital asset for investors, who will generate capital gains under §1(h), but dealers, traders, and hedgers will get different treatment.  If you are an investor, and you held the stock for a year or more, then you can get the beneficial capital gain rates (e.g. 20% instead of 39.6%).  If the asset was held short-term, less than a year, then your tax will generally be calculated at the higher ordinary income rates.  There is also the problem of the net investment tax under §1411.  I am eliding many exceptions, qualifications, and permutations of these rules. If you receive a §316 dividend from a stock, then that is §61 income.  Qualified dividends are ordinary income but will generally be taxed at capital gains rates under §1(h)(11).  Distributions in redemption of your stock are usually treated as sales of stock.  Non-dividend distributions (that are not redemptions) will reduce your basis in the stock to zero (no tax due) and past zero will be treated as gain from a sale. If you exchange stock in a tax-free reorganization (i.e. contribute your company stock in exchange for an acquirer's stock), you have what would normally be considered a realized gain on the exchange, but the differential will not be recognized, if done correctly. If you hold your shares and never sell them, but you engage in other dealings (short sales, options, collars, wash sales, etc.) that impact those shares, then you can sometimes be deemed to have recognized gain on shares that were never sold or exchanged. A more fundamental principle of income tax design is that not all realized gains will be recognized.  IRC §1001(c) says that all realized gains are recognized, except as otherwise provided; that ""otherwise"" is substantial and far-ranging."
There are so many Northwave Executive Condo projects being carried out today and there are also so many qualified public developers who have come in so as to meet the market demands. The role of selling an executive condominium is also left to the private developers and if one is in need of a property or any kind of information regarding such developments, they are free to make contact with the developers so as to know more. Check Out The Website http://northwave.co/ for more information on Northwave Executive Condo.
The simplest way to consolidate the funds your old 401(k) plans is by doing what's called a Direct Rollover (whereby the funds go directly into the new plan and skips you completely) from each of the old plans into either an IRA that you establish with a provider of your choice or even into your current employer's 401(k) plan if that is available. That way, the funds are in one central account and available to invest. Plus it eliminates the mandatory 20% withholding if the rollover is indirect and is sent to you first before the deposit into the new plan. It is important to bear in mind that you have 60 calendar days from the date of distribution to get the full amount into the new plan and a rollover is considered a tax reportable, but not necessarily a taxable event provided you deposit the funds within the time frame allotted.
"In its basic form, a corporation is a type of 'privileged democracy'. Instead of every citizen having a vote, votes are allocated on the basis of share ownership. In the most basic form, each share you own gives you 1 vote. In most public companies, very few shareholders vote [because their vote is statistically meaningless, and they have no particular insight into what they want in their Board]. This means that often the Board is voted in by a ""plurality"" [ie: 10%-50%] of shareholders who are actually large institutions (like investment firms or pension funds which own many shares of the company). Now, what do shareholders actually ""vote on""? You vote to elect individuals to be members of the Board of Directors (""BoD""). The BoD is basically an overarching committee that theoretically steers the company in whatever way they feel best represents the shareholders (because if they do not represent the shareholders, they will get voted out at the next shareholder meeting). The Board members are typically senior individuals with experience in either that industry or a relevant one (ie: someone who was a top lawyer may sit on the BoD and be a member of some type of 'legal issues committee'). These positions typically pay some amount of money, but often they are seen as a form of high prestige for someone nearing / after retirement. It is not typically a full time job. It will typically pay far, far less than the role of CEO at the same company.  The BoD meets periodically, to discuss issues regarding the health of the company. Their responsibility is to act in the interests of the shareholders, but they themselves do not necessarily own shares in the company. Often the BoD is broken up into several committees, such as an investment committee [which reviews and approves large scale projects], a finance committee [which reviews and approves large financial decisions, such as how to get funding], an audit committee [which reviews the results of financial statements alongside the external accountants who audit them], etc. But arguably the main role of the BoD is to hire the Chief Executive Officer and possibly other high level individuals [typically referred to as the C-Suite executives, ie Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, etc.] The CEO is the Big Cheese, who then typically has authority to rule everyone below him/her. Typically there are things that the Big Cheese cannot do without approval from the board, like start huge investment projects requiring a lot of spending.  So the Shareholders own the company [and are therefore entitled to receive all the dividends from profits the company earns] and elects members of the Board of Directors, the BoD oversees the company on the Shareholders' behalf, and the CEO acts based on the wishes of the BoD which hires him/her. So how do you get to be a member of the Board, or the CEO? You become a superstar in your industry, and go through a similar process as getting any other job. You network, you make contacts, you apply, you defend yourself in interviews. The shareholders will elect a Board who acts in their interests. And the Board will hire a CEO that they feel can carry out those interests. If you hold a majority of the shares in a company, you could elect enough Board members that you could control the BoD, and you could then be guaranteed to be hired as the CEO. If you own, say, 10% of the shares you will likely be able to elect a few people to the Board, but maybe not enough to be hired by the Board as the CEO.  Short of owning a huge amount of a company, therefore, share ownership will not get you any closer to being the CEO."
AmeriKick Martial Arts show your best self preservation and more systems of karate. We have an all around prepared group that ordinary routine with regards to karate. Be a solid man with the goal that you could help yourself in difficulty. It is able to talk over with being in precise form because of food plan and exercising. It also can practice  children ages 3 to 11 for martial arts for fitness. On a survival foundation, fitness pertains to the capability to conform on your surroundings.
Comedy answer The McDonalds corporation thinks about $600 or 30% The real answer is: Whatever you can part with and still have money left over for the rest of your budget.  Don't consider your savings, consider your monthly income. This type of question is exactly why you need a budget.  A budget isn't just a tool for getting out of debt, it is a tool to help you understand your money and show you how much to spend on stuff. So based on your costs (utilities, food, shopping, auto expenses, savings, etc) how much is left from your monthly income?  That would be what you can afford in rent. Also, please notice that I still suggest you save money each month. You have a great habit going and to lose it now would be a shame in my opinion.  Maybe while you are planning a budget, you can start to roughly plan for buying a house, or having a new car fund, or having a pile of money for starting a family. (Along with an emergency fund and a fully funded retirement.)   You don't have to save 2/3, but save a dime of every dollar at least. Two dimes is better.  In the future, you will probably find it easier to spend more money rather than less; and you will never get back the chance to save.
Family has owned a gas stations for 10+ years. Gas is a bitch to own and most retailers make about 20¢ a gallon profit not including insurance/repairs. Hard to find gas station pump parts along with the high cost of repairing it if it breaks. It's mainly used to attract customers inside the store because that's where you make the profit.
The city gathering endorsed new laws to criminal action amid March's spring break period, for example, no drinking on the shoreline and no liquor sold following 2 a.m., two hours sooner than before. Law in Panama City apparently called for stricter laws after various violations were submitted amid a year ago's spring break celebrations, including an affirmed group assault of an oblivious lady, shootings, and medication related occasions.
You can't sell if you don't have a product that people want, and even of you do no one will buy it if they don't know about it.   Many ways to market, but you have to market.   You are right, putting more crap out isn't what you should be doing, but if you believe it is just crap, you have already failed. Find a need then fill it. don't get a good deal on a product and try to figure out how to sell it.
"Note that mutual funds' quarterly/annual reports usually have this number. I generally just let my home-accounting software project my future net worth; its numbers agree well enough with those I've gotten from more ""professional"" sources such as monte-carlo modelling. (They'd agree better if I fed in all the details of my paycheck, but I don't feel like doing the work to keep that up to date.) I'm using Quicken, but I assume MS Money and other competitors have the same capability if you buy the appropriate version."
Wrong.  $$$ is a tool, not an end in and of itself.  The moment you think otherwise, you become the cliche of an evil, short-sighted, self-absorbed businessman for real.  And your employees ARE your business, the same way a carpenter's tools ARE his trade.  Its a poor carpenter who doesn't take care of his tools, and its a poor businessman who doesn't take care of his employees.  EVERY business is ultimately about people.  Good long-term relationships with people matter more to your bottom line than short-term profits at the expense of those people.  Not just your customers, but your employees, freelancers, suppliers, etc.  Small business owners, at least the successful ones, understand that.   Corporate tools like yourself (talking about paid vacations and workers like they're separate from you is a sure sign of that) think its all about $$$ and nothing else.
I don't have a solid data-backed answer, but this is too lengthy for a comment. I've read that on average, about 1-2% is what you can get as a cash discount on a home purchase, all else being equal, but no hard data to back that.  In certain situations it makes sense for a cash discount to be much greater than that, for instance, if the seller is in a hurry to close and your cash offer has no inspection clause. Similarly, if a house has been re-listed after a sale fell through you might get a greater cash-discount, or if an owner just over-values the advantages of a cash-offer. Anecdotally, I had a neighbor take a cash offer 5% below asking and they had multiple offers at asking, they took the cash offer so they could close faster (15 days). Also, I've lost out to a cash offer, also at 5% below asking, and they also had a short-closing period and no-inspection, my offer was over asking on that one, so total cash discount > 5%. There can be more volatility in the luxury home market, but I wouldn't guess that changes the cash vs financed evaluation much.  Would love to see if anyone finds a good source, but even if they do, an average is only so helpful.
Check with your bank.  As of January, 2015, the following banks and credit unions are offering free credit-scores: Announced, in the pipeline: Source: Banks to offer FICO credit scores for free Personal Experience: I've been receiving free FICO score from my credit union for more than 6 months now. Advice: Most people have multiple bank/credit-union accounts. The FICO score will be the same whoever offers it. If none of your financial institutions offer you a free credit-score then you may opt for free services like creditkarma.com or other paid services. Please note that a credit-score is number summarizing your credit-report and should not be confused.  In the news:
Payment processors get a fee when you make a payment through their system. So by encouraging you to use their cards more, they make more money. In the specific case of contactless cards, they see an opportunity to grow their market by displacing cash payments. So they're advertising it heavily to help that along.
Different moving averages work and not work for different indexes.  I have seen simulations where during bull or bear markets the moving averages work differently. Here is an example: http://www.indexresult.com/MovingAverage/Exponential/200/SP500
"This question drives at what value a shareholder actually provides to a corporation, and by extent, to the economy. If you subscribe for new shares (like in an Initial Public Offering), it is very straightforward to say ""I have provided capital to the corporation, which it is using to advance its business."" If you buy shares that already exist (like in a typical share purchase on a public exchange), your money doesn't go to the company. Instead, it goes to someone who paid someone who paid someone who paid someone (etc.) who originally contributed money to the corporation.  In theory, the value of a share price does not directly impact the operation of the company itself, apart from what @DanielCarson aptly noted (employee stock options are affected by share price, impacting morale, etc.). This is because in theory, the true value of a company (and thus, the value of a share) is the present value of all future cashflows (dividends + final liquidation). This means that in a technical sense, a company's share price should result from the company's value. The company's true value does not result from the share price. But what you are doing as a shareholder is impacting the liquidity available to other potential investors (also as mentioned by @DanielCarson, in reference to the desirability for future financing). The more people who invest their money in the stock market, the more liquid those stocks become. This is the true value you add to the economy by investing in stocks - you add liquidity to the market, decreasing the risk of capital investment generally. The fewer people there are who are willing to invest in a particular company, the harder it is for an investor to buy or sell shares at will. If it is difficult to sell shares in a company, the risk of holding shares in that company is higher, because you can't ""cash out"" as easily. This increased risk then does change the value of the shares - because even though the corporation's internal value is the same, the projected cashflows of the shares themselves now has a question mark around the ability to sell when desired. Whether this actually has an impact on anything depends on how many people join you in your declaration of ethical investing. Like many other forms of social activism, success relies on joint effort. This goes beyond the direct and indirect impacts mentioned above; if 'ethical investing' becomes more pronounced, it may begin to stigmatize the  target companies (fewer people wanting to work for 'blacklist' corporations, fewer people buying their products, etc.)."
You cannot use continuous compounding for returns less than or equal to 100% because a natural logarithm can only be taken for a positive amount.  This answer includes the accurate way to ascertain r, for which many people use an approximation. For example, using -20% monthly return for 12 months:- -0.2 -0.223144 0.0687195 Checking: 0.0687195 True Now trying -100% monthly return:- -1. Indeterminate Why?  Because a natural logarithm can only be taken for a positive amount.  So the latter calculation can not be done using (logarithmic) continuous compounding. Of course, the calculation can still be done using regular compounding.  For -100% the results go to zero in the first month, but -150% produces a more interesting result: -1.5 -11920.9
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://newrepublic.com/article/144180/single-payer-wonks) reduced by 66%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; It&amp;#039;s hard to deny that single-payer is an area where progressive politics has outstripped policy.  &gt; Smaller and more explicitly progressive think tanks, such as the Economic Policy Institute, Demos, and the Roosevelt Institute, are stacked with left-leaning scholars on subjects like the minimum wage, voting rights, and anti-trust policy, but are less in the business of churning out policy proposals for legislators, especially when it comes to health care.  &gt; While some groups, such as the Physicians for a National Health Program, an organization that pushes for single-payer, have been at the forefront of the issue, the bulk of the think tank world has been focused on defending the ACA. As Adam Gaffney, an instructor at Harvard Medical School and board member of PNHP, told the New Republic, &amp;quot;When something seems very far away, the need for that kind of detailed policy work sometimes seems less.&amp;quot; But now that single-payer is no longer an idea on the fringe, the actual mechanics have to be in place to maintain its credibility.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6s14zd/apparently_its_the_fault_of_leftleaning_think/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~184792 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **policy**^#1 **single-payer**^#2 **out**^#3 **detailed**^#4 **think**^#5"
Agreed. I travel 8-10 weeks a year and usually my option for a private room in a shared home on airbnb is the same as a room at a mid-tier hotel. Whole house on airbnb is equivalent to a room at a higher tier hotel. I'll take the hotel 9 times out of 10 to get the points and because I know what I'm getting each time.
I believe it's not only legal, but correct and required. A 1099 is how a business reports payments to others, and they're required by the IRS to send them for payments of $600 or more (for miscalleneous payments like this). The payment is an expense to the landlord and income to you, and the 1099 is how that's documented (although note that if they don't send you a 1099, it's still income to you and you still need to report it as such). It's similar to getting a 1099-INT for interest payments or a 1099-DIV for dividend payments. You'll get a 1099-MISC for a miscellaneous payment. If you were an employee they'd send you a W-2, not a 1099.
Psychology Today had an interesting article from July 11, 2016, in which they go through the psychological aspects of using cash vs. a credit card. This article cites a 2008 paper in the Journal of Experimental Psychology: Applied that found: “the more transparent the payment outflow, the greater the aversion to spending or higher the ‘pain of paying’ …leading to less transparent payment modes such as credit cards and gift cards (vs. cash) being more easily spent or treated as play or ‘monopoly money.’” The article cites a number of other studies that are of interest on this topic as well.
"For a little while, online stores had much lower prices and no tax.  That advantage is fast disappearing.    A lot of things are just better to shop in person.  You can touch and feel, you can try on, you can have instantly.    With some niche items, I feel deprived that I have to shop online to buy things sight unseen hoping that it meets my expectations.  And bullshit shilll reviews all over the place don't help.  When almost every ""review"" is by someone who gets stuff for free to review and barely uses the product, it's not helpful and it just muddles the waters."
here in Florida same thing.  over 50% of South Florida sales are for cash  personally, I'm happy as we'd be dead without this new money  and this has happened before, e.g. 80's boom was fueled by Columbian drug bucks
You've asked for risks but neglected straight up costs. CD laddering will have some explicit and implicit costs:
I don't know why people say Yahoo! is a failure. It's still around and still has tens of millions of users and makes millions in profit to this day. Just because it's not the leader it may have once been in every service it offers doesn't mean it's not wildly successful.
What you are describing is lifestyle creep. No where did you mention how to apply a living wage per person, let alone per situation.   What if I was hired at a wage of 1800/mo and only used 1500 for living expenses? Would that be a livable wage? What if I then decide to have 4 children over the next 4 years? Should the employer be forced to pay more on the aspect of having children alone? If that is the case, what are you incentivizing, child production or productivity? Unless those children work too (which is bad, mkay), they are at a net loss to the employer, and he/she has no ability to put you in a more productive spot, so what should this employer do?  At what point do you stop raising the UBI/minimum wage/whatever form of inflationary behavior and or redistribution? You are trying to achieve fairness across a wide spectrum of individuals and situations and there is zero gaurentee that all of them, or even most of them will benefit in a positive manner.
The book value is Total Assets minus Total Liabilities and so if you increase the Total Assets without changing the Total Liabilities the difference gets bigger and thus higher. Consider if a company had total assets of $4 and total liabilities of $3 so the book value is $1. Now, if the company adds $2 to the assets, then the difference would be 4+2-3=6-3=3 and last time I checked 3 is greater than 1. On definitions, here are a couple of links to clarify that side of things. From Investopedia: Equity = Assets - Liabilities From Ready Ratios: Shareholders Equity = Total Assets – Total Liabilities OR Shareholders Equity = Share Capital + Retained Earnings – Treasury   Shares Depending on what the reinvestment bought, there could be several possible outcomes. If the company bought assets that appreciated in value then that would increase the equity. If the company used that money to increase sales by expanding the marketing department then the future calculations could be a bit trickier and depend on what assumptions one wants to make really. If you need an example of the latter, imagine playing a game where I get to make up the rules and change them at will. Do you think you'd win at some point? It would depend on how I want the game to go and thus isn't something that you could definitively say one way or the other.
Talk to a lawyer.  Most will give a free consult and let you know your options.  One of the options you will likely have is a letter from a lawyer threatening further legal action if payment is not received.  Reluctant clients are often more willing to pay if they know you aren't willing to take it in the shorts.
"I recommend reading What's the catch in investing in real estate for rent? and making a list of expenses.  You have a known expense, the rent, and the assumption that it will rise a bit each year. If not each year, eventually the landlord will bump it, and on average, the rent should track inflation.  The buy side is the complete unknown, especially to us here. The mortgage and taxes are just the beginning. My ongoing issue in the buy/rent debate is that it's easy to buy ""too big"" or at least far bigger that what you are renting.  One extreme - a couple moves from their one bedroom apartment into their purchased 3BR home with far more space than they ever use. No need to paint the full picture of numbers, the house is a money pit, and they live for the house.  Other end - Couple already renting a nice sized home, and they buy a similar one. They rent out the two spare bedrooms for 5 years until they have kids and want their privacy back. They bought smart, for less than market price, and from day one, the mortgage was lower than the rent they paid. By year 5, having sent the extra income to pay down the mortgage, they've paid down half the loan. As the kids come along, they refi to a new 30 yr fixed at 3.5%, and the payment is tiny compared to the rest of their budget.  Simply put, the ratio of house price to rent for that same house is not a constant. When the ratio is high, it's time to rent. When it swings very low, it's worth considering a purchase. But the decision is never clear until every detail is known. The time may be perfect, and the day after you close, you lose your job, or in a good scenario, get a raise and are relocated. Just because you bought low yesterday, doesn't mean the market will pay you a good price today, it takes time for out-of-whack pricing to come back to normal.  A simple question? Maybe. But we first need a lot of details to help you understand what you are considering."
"&gt; Well take one exception and make it the rule.  You are the one who answered with an absolute.  I didn't.  &gt; ""Stable Environment"" can mean lots of things.  Yes, and we defined it 3 or 4 statements earlier.  Okay, I'm confident you are not putting much thought into our discussions so I shall bit you adieu.  Enjoy the rest of your day."
"I read this so often and it's such bullshit.  Do you know why robots won't replace fast food workers? Because the fast food workers are cheap. Dirt cheap.  Why don't people realize this? I guess because most people earn pretty shitty wages themselves, so they don't see how $7.50/hr. is next to nothing, especially when your average McDonald's store makes $7,100 in revenue per day. 3 shifts of 6 workers means your wage costs are $1,080 for workers, ex-managers. Wages are 15% cost of sales.  That's nothing.  Would robots cost less? Hmm...maybe. How much do they cost to buy? How often do you need to maintain them? How much do parts cost? IT staff to manage them? Do you still need a manager to take in deliveries, and is he going to stack and organize them now? (Robots can't do that--they lack the dexterity.) Also, are the managers going to start cleaning the toilets now? Doubtful--and robots can't do that either.  In other words, this ""robots are taking over"" is true but ""robots are going to crowd out minimum wage workers"" is complete and total horseshit. I think lower middle class and middle class office workers are being fed this line to oppose minimum wage increases--which of course boost corporate margins.  But they're the ones at risk.  You know who robots CAN replace more easily than minimum wage workers? Office workers. Secretaries, actuaries, bookkeepers, investment managers, marketing analysts, IT managers, accountants, journalists...  Don't worry, middle class America. The robots aren't coming for the people who clean your toilets, who cook your food, and who wash your dishes. No. They're coming for you."
if you put a mcdonald's job on your resume and you are over the age of 25 in a non-white collar position, i guarantee 95% of hiring managers will never call you back. well-paying jobs these days are mostly office based, and hiring managers have a hell of a bias against your non-middle income and above demographic
This is music to the waste disposal industries ears.    My wifes parents are like this.  Their house is filled, to the brim, with so much stuff.  They have a few storage units full of stuff.  It will be an interesting problem for my wife and her siblings when the inevitable occurs.
"Ugh, sorry. Drunkenness + finance geekery is pretty unconducive to actual information-sharing.  Taxi medallions/licenses are heavily financed using debt--principally in the form of commercial loans. The structure of these loans is usually interest-only, 3 year balloon, with borrowers qualified on a 40 year amortization period. Sound familiar? I'll give you a hint: rhymes with smeal shmestate shmubble. The loans then get chopped up and hawked to local community lenders, who are told that the prices never go down (because supply-side monopoly), and then they happily up the concentration of taxi financing in their lending portfolios.  Your observation is trenchant. Uber, Lyft, Sidecar, all that shit comes into the picture and there's no hail. So they're not really taxis, meaning they skirt regulation. And to make matters worse, they are also heavily financed through VC, PE, short-term bank debt. And they use that financing to do what? Not operations--instead, they just lower their prices, and usually below that of traditional cabs. It's an artificially deflated price designed to hook folks on the service, and then when they start not being able to subsidize their prices anymore, they'll raise em back up (but consumers don't care about that in the short run).  Why does any of this matter? Because when the e-collective cited above comes in and creates stiff competition, demand for medallion falls because cab drivers would rather go work for Uber (they don't need to license their right to drive from a cab fleet anymore), and also demand for cabs themselves falls because people would rather take the cheaper alternative. That causes the cost of medallions to fall, which = price correction. And that's bad because it's not the guys originating and hawking these loans who are on the hook--they've effectively sold off their share of the loan to other lenders (community banks) and cashed out. Instead, you're looking at mom and pop banks who are now on the hook for these loans where the value of the loan grossly exceeds the value of the collateral, the medallion, the thing they were supposed to partially finance.  This is the same phenomenon as what happened in 08. Real estate prices experience a substantial price correction because of, well, a bunch of shit, but let's just say that it had to do with the financing arrangements that made real estate safe in the first place + shitty loan underwriting standards. All of a sudden you had people with 500K houses that they took out a 1.2m mortgage for. Rational actors, true to their word, just walked away from the house--just packed up their shit and moved somewhere else, and just said to the bank ""here's the keys, I can't afford this shit"". And the bank can't take any of their stuff because the mortgage terms were essentially for the value of the collateral. So now you have all these banks that are short on liquid assets--they have residential properties, but nobody's buying, at least not at the prices that they need to get the return on their investment.  This is all a really long way of saying this: if there is a mass price correction caused by Uber, it's going to be mom and pop banks on the hook for the loans. Borrowers will flee en masse to Uber et al, while banks will experience serious liquidity issues. You're right that Uber is doing something great by forcing taxi cabs into a non-monopolistic situation, but the first step needs to be unwinding the debt on these loans. Otherwise, you're looking at a mini market crash that could be disastrous for grandma and grandpa in Mendocino County. They're not going and banking at Citi or JPMC; they're banking at shitty little mom and pop banks that have no idea what they're being sold."
This is pretty simple in theory, harder to do in practice. You will be surprised how quickly the debt will disappear.  Doing these things will work, I know from experience.
IRS Publication 969 gives all the details about HSA accounts and High Deductible plans: According to your question you are covered by a plan that can have an HSA.  There a few points of interest for you: Contributions to an HSA Any eligible individual can contribute to an HSA. For an employee's   HSA, the employee, the employee's employer, or both may contribute to   the employee's HSA in the same year. For an HSA established by a   self-employed (or unemployed) individual, the individual can   contribute. Family members or any other person may also make   contributions on behalf of an eligible individual. Contributions to an HSA must be made in cash. Contributions of stock   or property are not allowed. That means that yes you could make a contribution to the HSA. Or if in the future you were the provider of the insurance you could have a HSA. Limit on Contributions  For 2015, if you have self-only HDHP coverage, you can contribute up   to $3,350. If you have family HDHP coverage you can contribute up to   $6,650. It sounds like you have a family plan. Additional contribution.   If you are an eligible individual who is   age 55 or older at the end of your tax year, your contribution limit   is increased by $1,000. Rules for married people.   If either spouse has family HDHP coverage, both spouses are treated as having family HDHP coverage. If   each spouse has family coverage under a separate plan, the   contribution limit for 2014 is $6,550. You must reduce the limit on   contributions, before taking into account any additional   contributions, by the amount contributed to both spouses' Archer MSAs.   After that reduction, the contribution limit is split equally between   the spouses unless you agree on a different division. The rules for married people apply only if both spouses are eligible   individuals. If both spouses are 55 or older and not enrolled in Medicare, each   spouse's contribution limit is increased by the additional   contribution. If both spouses meet the age requirement, the total   contributions under family coverage cannot be more than $8,550. Each   spouse must make the additional contribution to his or her own HSA. Note: most of the document was written with 2014 numbers, but sometimes they mention 2015 numbers. If both are covered under a single plan it should be funded by the person that has the plan. They may get money from their employer. They may be able to have the employer cover the monthly fee that most HSA administrators charge. The non employee can make contributions to the account but care must be taken to make ure the annual limits aren't exceeded. HSA contributions from the employees paycheck may reduce the social security tax paid by the employee. If the non-employee is self employed you will have to see how the contribution impacts the social security situation for the couple. If the non-employee is 55 or older it can make sense to throw in that extra $1000. The employer may not allow it to come from the paycheck contributions because they wouldn't necessarily know the age of the spouse, they may put a maximum limit based on the age of the employee.
You must not be familiar with relative poverty. Just in case you want to actually read up on the issue. Read The Spirit Level: Why More Equal Socities Almost Always Do Better by Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett. Inequality doesnt just affect those who have a less than average income. The more unequal the society, the more health and social problems they tend to have. Those problems, such as depression, drug abuse and violence affect society and the economy as a whole.  So no relatively, the quality of life is not better in the US or across the globe.
Many people dream of having a home based business. A home based business gives you the freedom to be your own boss and set your own hours. However, most people have no idea what kind of business to start to make real money from home. Here are some home business ideas.
The federal reserve loans the US government dollars. The Federal reserve is NOT owned by the government, it is a private banking institution. So the US has to get capital from investor to borrow those dollars. Printing more dollars makes the dollars less valuable, and at the same time the investments less attractive unless there is a higher rate of interest attached to it.
Have you read is letter? He's saying thanks to the government for basically saving the economy. Warren Buffet was from day 1 a strong supporter of the bailout program.   I'm sorry for my ignorance but what ''output'' are you talking about? As I understand you don't just want to establish a basic income but want to change the whole monetary system? And you can't even explain it?
I don't know how long run but this last week people have been talking about McDonalds a lot.  I think the trick is to set a limit and have it auto sell when it is met. There is no need to hold forever and therefor what is 'long term' can be variable.
Absolutely nothing about it was stupid or for notoriety, it was simply a vote on the definition of celestial bodies in the galaxy being voted on by an international coalition of scientists (IAU).  Either Pluto was going to be downgraded to a dwarf planet, or Xena was going to be the 10th planet in the solar system after it was discovered (since it's larger than pluto).   I'm sure if that had happened you'd be claiming it was a stupid publicity stunt then too.
My grandpa was hired by DuPont out of HS.  Never went to college.  Started working as a custodian.  Worked his way up to lead fluid production engineer or something like that -- his position would require an advanced degree in chemistry today to even be considered for an interview
Kuala Lumpur, 2 July 2014. In line with Axiata Group Berhad’s (Axiata) strategy to focus on mobile communications, Axiata has entered into an agreement with Samart Corporation Public Company Limited (Samart) to dispose its entire shareholding of approximately 24% of the total issued and outstanding share capital in Samart i-Mobile Public Company Limited (Samart i-Mobile) for total gross consideration of approximately USD88.6 million. Samart is the current shareholder in Samart i-Mobile and currently holds around 52% of the total issued and outstanding share capital in Samart i-Mobile.   Samart i-Mobile is in the business of providing instant wireless information services and mobile content, along with the distribution of mobile phones and accessories. Dato’ Sri Jamaludin Ibrahim, President &amp; Group Chief Executive Officer said “We would like to thank Samart i-Mobile for the support throughout our period of investment and we wish them every success for the future.   [http://www.academia.edu/7060492/The_Jakarta_Globe_Axis_Capital_Group_Telecom_Purchase_XL_Axiata](http://www.academia.edu/7060492/The_Jakarta_Globe_Axis_Capital_Group_Telecom_Purchase_XL_Axiata)
Ford paid off a tremendous amount of debt prior to reinstating the dividend. While they still have a sizable amount of debt on the balance sheet, they've been able to refinance this debt to a much more affordable point. Their free cash flow + cash on the balance could enable them to pay it off in the very near future (12 - 16 months). Most auto companies have debt on their balance sheet if they choose to offer financial services.  Their overall credit rating (if you really think such things are valid) has also improved. Generally speaking, I agree its a poor idea to give money back to shareholders if you have high-interest bearing debt.
The Indian imagination is getting the better of it, poor fellows are going to be quite heart broken when their economy get over heated and burned out. They think being the little wheel is fun and games, I don't think they know what we really do to little economies.
If you mostly do work for businesses/individuals who are VAT registered it's a no-brainer to become VAT registered yourself... Although you will have to charge your customers VAT (and pass this on to HMRC) because they are VAT-registered they will reclaim the amount so it won't actually 'cost' them anything. At the same time, you can reclaim all the VAT you're currently being charged on your business expenditure (business equipment, tickets to business events, business software, accountancy/other business services you pay for, web hosting etc etc etc) However, if most of your clients are not VAT-registered it's not worth you registering. You would have to charge your customers an extra 20% (and they wouldn't be able to claim it back!) and you would have to pass this on to HMRC. Although you could still claim for goods and services you purchase for business use, essentially you'd just be another tax collector for HMRC. That said, at the end of the day it's up to you! VAT returns are quarterly and dead simple. Just keep a spreadsheet with your invoices (output tax) and receipts (input tax) and then do some basic maths to submit the final numbers to HMRC. No accountant required!
"What about the escudo balance in my checking account in Cabo Verde?   Are the escudos that I held for months or years, before eventually   deciding to change to dollars, considered an investment? Don't know. You tell us. Investment defined as an activity taken to produce income. Did you put the money in the checking account with a full expectation of profits to be made from that? Or you only decided that it is an investment in retrospective, after the result is known, because it provides you more tax benefit? To me it sounds like you have two operating currencies and you're converting between them. Doesn't sound like an investment. Generally, from my experience, bank accounts are not considered investments (even savings accounts aren't). Once you deposit into a CD or bond or money market - you get a cash-equivalent which can be treated as an investment. But that's my personal understanding, if there are large amounts involved, I'd suggest talking to a US-licensed CPA/EA specializing on expats in your area. Pub 54 is really a reference for only the most trivial of the questions an expat may have. It doesn't even begin to describe the complexity of the monstrosity that is called ""The US Tax Code for Expats and Foreigners""."
"A quick Craigslist search in my area (New England) pops up a number of RVs in claimed good/running condition in the $2000 - $5000 range, so it's not ""too good to be true"" that a motivated seller would sell one slightly below market: selling things is a lot of work, and lowering prices is essentially paying the buyer to not make you do that work. Of course, you should still do you due diligence: If the seller objects to you doing this, then you should be suspicious (inexperienced sellers, e.g. a widow whose husband may have handled these things in the past, might get spooked by asking to take it to a mechanic, so be prepared to reassure on that front).  Otherwise it's no more risk than any used vehicle purchase."
Currency speculation is a very risky investment strategy. But when you are looking for which currency to denote your savings in, looking at the unit value is quite pointless. What is important is how stable the currency is in the long term. You certainly don't want a currency which is prone to inflation, because it means any savings denoted in that currency constantly lose purchasing power. Rather look for a currency which has a very low inflation rate or is even deflating. Another important consideration is how easy it is to exchange between your local currency and the currency you want to own. A fortune in some exotic currency is worth nothing when no local bank will exchange it into your local currency. The big reserve currencies like US Dollar, Euro, Pound Sterling and Japanes yen are usually safe bets, but there are regional differences which can be easily converted and which can't. When the political relations between your country and the countries which manage these currencies is unstable, this might change over night. To avoid these problems, rather invest into a diverse portfolio of commodities and/or stocks. The value of these kinds of investments will automatically adjust to inflation rate, so you won't need to worry about currency fluctuation.
So your argument for a national ID is that we're already fucked so might as well add another data point?  There's other ways to solve this problem that doesn't introduce more privacy concerns... advocating against a national ID is not the same as advocating for using an SSN as an ID.
Benjamin Grahams strategy was to invest in REALLY SAFE stocks. In his time lean businesses weren't as common as they are now and he found many companies with assets greater than the value of their shares. Putting a number figure on it isn't really necessary but the concept is useful. Its the idea that bigger companies are less turbulent (Which is something to avoid for an investor). Most companies in the top 500 or whatever will satisfy this.
I do a lot of work in Gsuite but is it really a good replacement for excel? I find the hotkeys limiting at best in comparison and I don't think there are good alternatives to powerpivot and powerquery in Gsuite. There are a handful of things Google sheets offers that excel doesn't but overall I find it fairly limiting.  If you're referring to just basic computing than yes Google sheets will get you there but I don't think they're comparable yet. I could be 100% wrong and just not know the Gsuite alternatives to these tho.
No, dividends are not included in earnings.  Companies with no earnings sometimes choose to pay dividends.  Paying the dividend does not decrease earnings.  It does of course decrease cash and shows up on the balance sheet.  Many companies choose to keep the dividend at a fixed rate even while the business goes through cycles of increased and decreased earnings.
Most of the commercials that I see online are for really expensive shit that I can't afford anyway (like luxury cars)... so it's kind of a moot point.   I wouldn't alter my behavior in any way (either positive or negative) due to a commercial.  Sure, they're a minor annoyance, but if I saw my favorite cereal in a commercial, I wouldn't boycott it.
After reading OP Mark's question and the various answers carefully and also looking over some old pay stubs of mine, I am beginning to wonder if he is mis-reading his pay stub or slip of paper attached to the reimbursement check for the item(s) he purchases.  Pay stubs (whether paper documents attached to checks or things received in one's company mailbox or available for downloading from a company web site while the money is deposited electronically into the employee's checking account) vary from company to company, but a reasonably well-designed stub would likely have categories such as Taxable gross income for the pay period: This is the amount from which payroll taxes (Federal and State income tax, Social Security and Medicare tax) are deducted as well as other post-tax deductions such as money going to purchase of US Savings Bonds, contributions to United Way via payroll  deduction, contribution to Roth 401k etc. Employer-paid group life  insurance premiums are taxable income too for any portion of the policy  that exceeds $50K. In some cases, these appear as a lump sum on the last pay stub for the year. Nontaxable gross income for the pay period: This would be sum total of the amounts contributed to nonRoth 401k plans, employee's share of group health-care insurance premiums for employee  and/or employee's family, money deposited into FSA accounts, etc. Net pay: This is the amount of the attached check or money sent via ACH to the employee's bank account. Year-to-date amounts: These just tell the employee what has been earned/paid/withheld to date in the various categories. Now, OP Mark said My company does not tax the reimbursement but they do add it to my running gross earnings total for the year. So, the question is whether the amount of the reimbursement is included in the Year-to-date amount of Taxable Income. If YTD Taxable Income does not include the reimbursement amount,  then the the OP's question and the answers and comments are moot; unless the company has really-messed-up (Pat. Pending) payroll software that does weird things, the amount  on the W2 form will be whatever is shown as YTD Taxable Income  on the last pay stub of the year, and, as @DJClayworth noted cogently, it is what will appear on the W2 form that really matters. In summary, it is good that OP Mark is taking the time to investigate the matter of the reimbursements appearing in Total Gross Income, but if the amounts are not appearing in the YTD Taxable Income, his Payroll Office may just reassure him that they have good software and that what the YTD Taxable Income says on the last pay stub is what will be appearing on his W2 form.  I am fairly confident that this is what will be the resolution of the matter because if the amount of the reimbursement was included in Taxable Income during that pay period and no tax was withheld, then the employer has a problem with  Social Security and Medicare tax underwithholding, and nonpayment of this tax plus the employer's share to the US Treasury in timely fashion. The IRS takes an extremely dim view of such shenanigans and most employers are unlikely to take the risk.
Then keep being fat, but it's still your own damned fault.  Sometimes making a choice requirea crazy things like hard work and discomfort, who would have thought.  Sick of entitled pieces of shit with attitudes like this.
"Credit is like dignity - it takes a long time to build but a short time to lose. Your credit history is mostly made up of your prior activity for several years. There's no ""quick fix"" to raise your credit score in a short period.  Paying your student loans on time will help, but it will take quite some time for that activity to make a big difference in your credit. If you can't get approved for a car loan of $15k, then perhaps it's time to either reset your expectations or save up enough to make a large down payment on a more expensive car.  Instead of prepaying your student loans that are not due, save up that money for a down payment. You can get an incredibly reliable car for much less than $15,000. Also, make sure that you will be able to afford the car payment when your student loans do become due (based on your current salary, not some hypothetical future salary)  Another plan: drive your car for another year, pay off your student loans in that time, and then you might have enough credit history to get a better loan."
Would you like to know your OWN buying strategy? What makes you tick when it comes to buying things? If you know how you run strategies of buying then you will know more about yourself and control your spending habits.http://joeldelacruz.net  What would it mean to you and your business if you can appreciate and respect the following:      How do customers want, research, seek and buy a particular product?     Did you know that each of these steps have micro strategies making up the customer’s overall buying strategy?     How can you know what triggered a customer into walking into your store or landing on your blog?     How can you build rapport with a customer so you lead them into a particular response?     When can you know it’s time to ask for the sale?     How can you handle objections?  All these questions can more will be asked and answer at the Buying Strategy Bootcamp. This is an interactive workshop where you will experience the learning and apply it right away and place into practice immediately.
I usually go at dinner time, 6:00pm-6:30pm, usually it's fresh but last week I went and the burger was just wet and gross and couldn't eat it all.  I agree lunch time is usually safe but I don't understand why it wouldn't be fresh at dinner time either.  It's like trying to get back that first high I just can't seem to get there anymore :(
"In answer to the ""how I can perform withdrawal with the lower rate (having GBP)?"" part of your question, as Joe stated you need to use another bank or currency exchange company to convert the GBP to PLN.  Most of the UK banks charge similar amounts, and it's usually not possible to transfer the GBP to a foreign bank unless you have a GBP account with them. Some currency exchange firms are Transferwise, FairFX, CaxtonFX, a web search will show a fuller range. You could also use Paypal to do the transfer (if you have a paypal account) by transferring the GBP from Barclays to your paypal account and then from there to your PLN account."
Is it true that you cannot amend a tax return to include both a   futures loss carry back and a Schedule C at the same time? No, it is not true. You can include all the changes necessary in a single amended return, attaching statement explaining each of the changes. However you're talking about two different kinds of changes. Futures loss carryback is a Sec. 1212 carryback and not a correction of an error. Adding Schedule C would be a correction of an error. I'm guessing your CPA wants to separate the two kinds to avoid the situation where the IRS refuses to accept your correction of an error and by the way also doesn't accept the Sec. 1212 carryback on the same return. Or the CPA just wants to charge you twice for amendments.
You can replace Ciscos products with those of any other networking company. There's plenty of multibillion players in the space and I'm sure there's lots of tiny ones most folks have never heard of.   Even if you copied FB verbatim, you'd have to convince a few hundred million (billion?) people to use it so you'd have that level of captive network effect.   Unless they do something dumb, they're the go-to for social networks for the foreseeable future, just like Google killed off Alta Vista, Ask and all the other search engines.
Living wage applies to the location that the job is in. Warehouse in Northern KY? Living wage for northern KY. Warehouse in NYC? Living wage for NYC. Those numbers will be very different.   As for a definition of a living wage, that varies. One definition is that it's the minimum income that allows a worker to meet their basic needs (food, housing, transportation, healthcare, etc), presumably without needing to rely on a social net. If you need for food stamps or housing assistance to meet your basic needs for food and shelter, you probably aren't making a living wage.
When the laws allow for bonds to be issued for anything other than infrastructure projects, you end up in financial ruin.   Politicians can't help themselves, and spend future money, today on day to day expenses.      Then future residents, are paying off bonds for items they see no current benefit on.  It makes taxes appear high.       Look at cities like Chicago as an example.
Thousands of people are going to suffer because of this.  It is inevitable, these inept companies must fail, but _all this suffering makes me sad._  I'm pretty astonished at the rage that this sentiment has excited.  Can you explain why this idea bothers you so much?
The rate of spending growth is relevant. The reason tax cuts are expected to pay for themselves is that they are expected to increase economic growth such that the absolute dollar amount of revenue is the same, though it makes up a smaller relative proportion of the total economic value created over a period.   This would be sufficient to pay for itself if spending growth were flat, but if it's growing, particularly if it's growing sharply, just maintaining the same absolute revenue level won't be enough to pay the government's bills.  Basically, whether or not tax cuts pay for themselves depends on where we are on the Laffer Curve AND on the level of spending growth, hence my previous comment.
Perhaps it was to close a short position.  Suppose the seller had written the calls at some time in the past and maybe made a buck or two off of them.  By buying the calls now they can close out the position and go away on vacation, or at least have one less thing they have to pay attention to.  If they were covered calls, perhaps the buyer wants to sell the underlying and in order to do so has to get out of the calls.
Over the long run, you can expect to do about as well as the market itself. Depending on what time period you view, the stock market has typically provided returns of approximately 10%. Some years it is up, some years it is down. You may think you can get better returns, but you are mistaken. You may be able to do better over a short time period if you take on vastly more risk, but you won't be able to do so long term. In order to make $2000/month, then, you will need approximately $240,000 to invest. And even then, you won't make that kind of return reliably. Some months, some years, you'll make more. Other times, you'll lose money. If anyone tells you they can double your money in a month (which is what you are hoping for), walk away. Because it is either illegal or a scam. The only way your plan can work is if you are reliably able to predict stocks which will go up by 10% in the next two days. You cannot do this. You can't even predict which stocks will go up by 10% in the next year.
People ITT struggling with the concept of a status symbol.  There's nobody more concerned with outward appearance than Hollywood celebs and a bunch of them drive the Prius.  Status symbol doesn't only mean how much you paid.  The environmental factor weighs in.  The coolness factor.  The fact that so many people are anticipating what Tesla will do next.  It's not just price tag.
"Teavana's product was always vastly overpriced and relatively poor quality.    We drink a lot of tea in our house, and occasionally some well-meaning person would give us a gift certificate for Teavana.  Invariably, it would cost $50 for what should be about $20 worth of tea, and even their basic blacks (which should taste like *tea*) tasted like a perfumey, herbal mess.  When our local Teavana opened, I worried about our local tea shop's business.  After I drank a cup of their tea, I stopped worrying.  Probably my biggest complaint about Teavana is that think that they've tried ""good"" tea and don't like it, but what they've had is Teavana, and it sours them on actually trying some nice teas."
While this question is old and I generally agree with the answers given I think there's another angle that needs a little illuminating: insurance. If you go with an 84 month loan your car will likely be worth less than the amount owed for substantially all of the entire 84 month loan period; this will be exacerbated if you put zero down and include the taxes and fees in the amount borrowed.  Your lender will require you to carry full comprehensive/collision/liability coverage likely with a low maximum deductible.  While the car is underwater it will probably also be a good idea to carry gap insurance because the last thing you want to do is write a check to your lender to shore up the loan to value deficit if the thing is totaled.  These long term car loans (I've seen as high as 96 months) are a bear when it comes to depreciation and related insurance costs. There is more to this decision than the interest calculation.   Obviously, if you had the cash at the front of this decision presumably you'll have the cash later to pay off the loan at your convenience.  But while the loan is outstanding there are costs beyond interest to consider.
Current and past FX rates are available on Visa's website. Note that it may vary by country, so use your local Visa website.
"i'm having a hard time understanding the argument you're making here. i think you're saying: ""if an employer is having a hard time filling positions, they don't have to raise wages because the government says the minimum wage is only 'this little.'""   if that's really what you're saying, it doesn't make any sense. what does a minimum wage have to do with not being able to fill positions because you don't pay enough?  if that's not what you're saying, could you please clarify?"
"If banks really controlled house prices, then why do banks now own a shitload of houses that are no longer being paid for?  So many that they can't sell them now because that would drive prices down even more, and they'd lose more.  Sigh... go ahead and continue to blame ""them"" for everything.  It's easier that way, because then you will never have to take responsibility for any of your mistakes."
There's no requirement of US citizenship to open a bank account in the US. Any person, citizen or not, can do that. I don't know where this assumption of yours come from, but it is false. So the easiest solution is to open a bank account for your nephew next time he visits the US and get him an ATM card from that account. You can then deposit money to that account as much as you want (beware of the gift tax consequences). If he doesn't want to travel to the US and cannot open a US bank account remotely from Russia (which is probably the case), then follow the @BrenBarn's suggestion: have him open a bank account in Russia and just wire money there. Having a foreigner tapping freely into your own personal bank account may cause legal issues both with regards to gift tax and money laundering provisions that require you to certify that the money on the account is yours only. Also, check if there's an issue for a Russian resident to have control over foreign accounts (there's definitely such an issue for a US resident, Russians are generally not far behind when it comes to government oppression).
It's working for Blue Apron and the other meal kit delivery services. Amazon has the supply chain knowledge, and capital, to make it happen.   They have access to resources and technology that no one else has, including automation. If anyone can make it work, it's Amazon.
"I mean, it's only a difference of an order of magnitude, really.  Until you consider the following:  1) Only a fraction of the $800B Muni bonds market is new issue.  2) True spreads on Muni bonds are hard enough to calculate as is because they're all OTC.   3)The author quotes that the particular bid was for an 87K/year return on a notional of $300M. That's a spread of a whopping 3 basis points that the bank took extra over ""true value"".  4) Intraday vol for almost any financial instrument is more than 3 basis points.  5) So that's what he's making this big deal over? THREE basis points? I don't even know the length of my penis to within three basis points, and I challenge you to find anyone who could name the yield on the 10Y Treasury within 3 basis points."
For mine, that info's in the quarterly reports... and in the prospectus, which you should be looking at before you put money into the fund.
Whats been interesting is for the past decade, Meijer, our big box store pushed to atleast 50/50 self check out.   The past year they have gotten rid of all but a few. The money they lost to petty theft using self check out more than pays for hiring more workers for the check out lanes.
Questions regarding the willingness of wine experts and lovers to travel and seek for the wines they love are rising. The wine lovers would usually pay extra for a good bottle of wine, but would they also be willing to travel halfway around the world? An answer from Huffington Post...
(/u/what_comes_after_q &amp; /u/md___2020 - I thought you might appreciate this too).  While GE lost it's financial discipline in the 2000s, in the '90s and '80s GE was a supreme integrator of acquired businesses. [Here is a 1998 Harvard Business Review case study on GE.](https://hbr.org/1998/01/making-the-deal-real-how-ge-capital-integrates-acquisitions)  &gt; Lesson 1: Acquisition integration is not a discrete phase of a deal and does not begin when the documents are signed. Rather, it is a process that begins with due diligence and runs through the ongoing management of the new enterprise.  &gt; Lesson 2: Integration management is a full-time job and needs to be recognized as a distinct business function, just like operations, marketing, or finance.  &gt; Lesson 3: Decisions about management structure, key roles, reporting relationships, layoffs, restructuring, and other career-affecting aspects of the integration should be made, announced, and implemented as soon as possible after the deal is signed—within days, if possible. Creeping changes, uncertainty, and anxiety that last for months are debilitating and immediately start to drain value from an acquisition.  &gt; Lesson 4: A successful integration melds not only the various technical aspects of the businesses but also the different cultures. The best way to do so is to get people working together quickly to solve business problems and accomplish results that could not have been achieved before.
"By that vein, air is a product you consume on a daily basis. Should someone work to monetize oxygen now? There must be a rational limit on where you draw the line of short term profit versus long term social sustainability.  I'm all for seeking a profit, but any profit calculations should take into account the full cost to the society before declaring something ""profitable."" The cost of seeking these profits is higher prices for everyone, which in turn reduces the availability of the service. This takes money out of local economies, pools resources in the hands of a small group of corporations that exist solely to sit on large piles of money ""just in case,"" and potentially denies vital care to people who may have potentially netted a huge benefit for society. All this so that someone can see a few points improvement in their portfolio.  Note, this does not mean I'm against insurance as a whole. There are plenty of insurance products that I feel are perfectly valid and reasonable; car, home, corporate and so on are all valid examples of ""luxury"" products that you could technically live without. However the social cost of for profit health care and health insurance is such that I do not see how it can potentially justify the cost to society. So while sure, seeking profit on vital services may not be crazy within your limited view, it is certainly crazy to call something ""profit"" just because your analysis of the situation fails to take into account the huge net negatives of such a practice."
You should very much nail down your planned expenses and profit. However beyond that you may have some better options to avoid taxation assuming all your plans go well. You should take into account the ability to avoid taxes on the sale of a primary residence. You could build the spec house, then move into the spec house. You could then sell the primary (avoiding any profit less than $500k filing jointly, assuming you meet the Home Sale Tax Exclusion requirements).  You can then in another two years or so sell the spec house if you want and again avoid up to $500k in profit. http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/the-250000500000-home-sale-tax-exclusion.html
It's a good thing for mid-level to senior bankers; the work that is being replaced is analyst work. This will mean a smaller intake, all other things being equal, and, if demand holds for the entry-level junior jobs, that suggests that salary at the bottom will stagnate.
"If this is in the United States, there are laws governing business behavior when they have recorded expenses (checks, bills, etc) which are never withdrawn or deposited.  A business is required to turn over these funds after a certain time frame to the state government as a part of their business tax cycle.  (One caveat- these laws vary in age by state, and 13 years is a long time.  You might still be out of luck for an amount so old..) There are even businesses which have cropped up to search for ""lost money"" (for a fee, of course) that your great uncle might have left behind and which now sits in a government holding account somewhere.  It's not necessary to go through the third parties though, because the United States posts this information for the world to see.  A good starting place is: USA.gov Unclaimed Money Tool Do as much legwork there as you can.  You could even attempt to contact the former employer (you said the business accounts still exist) and in a very friendly, non-confrontational manner ask them what their procedures are and would have happened to your paycheck funds.  As others have stated, they are under no legal obligation whatsoever to fix your problem for you, but who knows, you could get lucky and they might voluntarily help you out!  You're looking for information not cash, so politeness, patience and understanding are your tools. If all else fails, you could try one of these 3rd party services.  Here you run into diminishing returns as paying fees to search for money which might not exist just puts you further in the red."
This is unfortunately what happens when people just blindly post something to reddit without knowing what they are talking about. A post of this type is more along the lines of what you see typically posted in /r/occupywallstreet - not that I have anything against Occupy, but far too often you have neckbeards that post things there that are little better than left-wing tabloid journalism that is often no better than the likes of Fox News.
Not applicable.  Or, at least totally unrealistic.  Lots of assumptions about returns, no discussion of time frames, and no discussion of volatility.  If it's a personal choice you wouldn't do it this way, plus there are other factors to consider.  As far as the math of the question, you use a discount rate that allows you to account for alternatives, typically a RFR, but again, that doesn't apply to an individual quite in the same way since it's not a debt vs equity question.
Try to choose less perishable items.  Besides canned and bottled are adequate for some foods, and frozen foods for a wider range, such as vegetables and prepared foods.  Dairy has a limited life, but some types live longer, like yogurt.  Fruits like apples and oranges will last a good deal longer in the fridge (bananas too, but the peels discolor).  Bread items and leafy vegetables just won't keep long for fresh use; pick them up when you're actually about to use them.  (Keeping bread in the freezer for toasting works well, though.)
Get rid of the idea that monopolies are required. Arbiters and dispute resolution firms can replace courts, and actually already do for many large companies, since courts are absurdly slow and inconsistent. Police spend half of their money policing drug use and possession, despite the majority of people not wanting them even illegal. End the monopoly of police by government and we'll directly fund firms who enforce rules of each property. If your rules are absurd, nobody will go on your property. Businesses would have very reasonable rules and simple such as prohibition against violence and theft.  Your complaints against insurance are dwarfed by government's waste. They routinely fail their customers and then make us pay for the mistake. Consider the failure of 9/11. We pay $Trillions for a national defense more costly than the next 25+ countries combined, and then when they fail and allow hijackers to ruin several buildings, WE and our kids and grandkids pay for it in higher taxes. They double down. Insurance companies lose customers when they have bad policy and consumer advocacy groups draw attention to it. Government just says FUCK YOU and their bureaucracy and social momentum (govt schools ensure very high support for govt as an unquestioned monopoly) allow them to continue without much opposition.
"&gt;Fully half of the universe is making mediocre money, and no one talks about them. All anyone ever speaks of is CEO's and fund managers printing fucking billz.  No shit.   Just like most people with computer degrees, and in statistics, and engineering. But for some reason only finance has these problems?  &gt;Literally anything else. Programming is better, statistics is better, engineering is better. Fuck - go learn a trade. Even ignoring the outsized pay they are receiving, you can typically work for yourself, and you actually create shit  The millions of consulting and banking employees are humored that you think it'd be better for them to plunge toilets. But at least you admit they're paid better and you just don't ""like"" the field.  &gt;AND you dont have to spend 100K (SEC numbers) on a fucking degree.  100k? Mine was &lt;10. Most people's are in the SEC outside of Vandy and the morons who are out of state. They're some of the the best value in the country, given you actually get good grades and get a real job.  To summarize, you've done nothing but rant about how much you don't like the field, admitted they make a lot more, provided no real rationale why someone should not pursue this degree/field, and your suggestion is to be a Carpenter instead.  Just for more background, I'm a math/statistics major, one of your preferred options.   Yea, get the fuck out of here."
"Correct me if I am wrong, but Germany has a very extremely diversified economy. It does not depend primarily upon oil exports like other countries, but rather on very complex machinery and other finished products. So being locked upon a system that ""puts exports ahead of anything else"" from my perspective is not bad for the German economy. If an industry collapses, the whole country does not go into panic straight away like oil rich exporting economies."
"People in this case, are large institutional investors. The ""bid ask"" spread is for ""small traders"" like yourself. It is put out by the so-called specialists (or ""market makers"") and is typically good for hundreds or thousands of shares at a time. Normally, 2 points on a 50 stock is a wide spread, and the market maker will make quite a bit of money on it trading with people like yourself. It's different if a large institution, say Fidelity, wants to sell, say 1 million shares of the stock. Depending on market conditions, it may have trouble finding buyers willing to buy in those amounts anywhere near 50. To ""move"" such a large block of stock, they may have to put the equivalent of K-Mart's old ""Blue Light Special"" on, several points below."
I do wonder if part of this is a phenomenon I've seen numerous times in the US:   Woman gets pregnant, barely shows up to work for the next 5 months until birth, camps out on FMLA for three months before simply ignoring any communications from the company for the next several months. Finally, a good 6-8 months after the birth she notifies the company she won't be working anymore. Meanwhile, she's been getting insurance benefits the entire time and HR is too afraid of a lawsuit to cut her loose.   Her position has either been unfilled the entire time (requiring her coworkers to cover her share of the work at expense of their own lives), or if the manager is more prescient than most, has already been backfilled, but is still in a blocking pattern preventing other hires but at least not making coworkers' lives miserable.
Two points.
Yeah, but i know guys who started off in the field doing hardcore manual construction and worked their asses off for years and finally got in the office. There are two of them in their younger thirties with no degree to speak of. They are both project managers who make over 100k a year. I am not saying everyone can do this, but sure is fucking possible to succeed without having to wait until you are fifty.
There would be no point to claim the gift exemption because a gift from a spouse that you file jointly with wouldn't be considered income. It would be the same as if you moved money from one bank account to another.
The general rule with stock options is that it's best to wait until expiration to exercise them.  The rationale depends on a few factors and there are exceptions. Reasons to wait: There would be cases to exercise early: Tax implications should be checked with a professional advisor specific to your situation. In the employee stock option plans that I have personally seen, you get regular income tax assessed between exercise price and current price at the time you exercise.  Your tax basis is then set to the current price.  You also pay capital gains tax when you eventually sell, which will be long or short term based on the time that you held the stock. (The time that you held the options does not count.)  I believe that other plans may be set up differently.
"The examples you provide in the question are completely irrelevant. It doesn't matter where the brokerage is or where is the company you own stocks in. For a fairly standard case of an non-resident alien international student living full time in the US - your capital gains are US sourced. Let me quote the following text a couple of paragraphs down the line you quoted on the same page: Gain or loss from the sale or exchange of personal property generally   has its source in the United States if the alien has a tax home in the   United States. The key factor in determining if an individual is a   U.S. resident for purposes of the sourcing of capital gains is whether   the alien's ""tax home"" has shifted to the United States. If an alien   does not have a tax home in the United States, then the alien’s U.S.   source capital gains would be treated as foreign-source and thus   nontaxable. In general, under the ""tax home"" rules, a person who is away (or who   intends to be away) from his tax home for longer than 1 year has   shifted tax homes to his new location upon his arrival in that new   location. See Chapter 1 of Publication 463, Travel, Entertainment,   Gift, and Car Expenses I'll assume you've read this and just want an explanation on what it means. What it means is that if you move to the US for a significant period of time (expected length of 1 year or more), your tax home is assumed to have shifted to the US and the capital gains are sourced to the US from the start of your move. For example: you are a foreign diplomat, and your 4-year assignment started in May. Year-end - you're not US tax resident (diplomats exempt), but you've stayed in the US for more than 183 days, and since your assignment is longer than 1 year - your tax home is now in the US. You'll pay the 30% flat tax. Another example: You're a foreign airline pilot, coming to the US every other day flying the airline aircraft. You end up staying in the US 184 days, but your tax home hasn't shifted, nor you're a US tax resident - you don't pay the flat tax. Keep in mind, that tax treaties may alter the situation since in many cases they also cover the capital gains situation for non-residents."
The issue I run into with that is that it does nothing to change the cash flows over the five years because it doesn't change any of the numbers across the board. This course has the worst worded assignments I have ever seen and I appreciate your assistance.
Simply static support or resistance levels are ones that do not change with time. Two examples include horizontal lines and trend lines. Dynamic support or resistance levels are ones that change with time. A common example of a dynamic support/resistance are Moving Averages.
"Soo... I guess you are out of arguments? FWIW, I would like to see the cost of medical services become so cheap that people don't need ""health care"".  I know Universal health care proponents hearts are in the right place, but the data is showing me a different story. I know I am a minority here and we will probably end up with universal health care, and that it won't work and we will see a bubble just like sub prime when they tried to provide greater access to housing, just like college tuition where we tried greater access to education. A lot of people will be hurt when this market crashes and I don't want that. Maybe then we will learn that market forces and competition aren't evil?  Or maybe It will just be blamed on rich people again. 'Till then I guess I'll just be your token heartless bad guy. But Really I am not. Good luck."
You should be aware of the implementation of daily fuel price policy on June 16th 2017. Nowadays, petrol and diesel price are reflecting on a daily basis according to the international market situations and the price fluctuation of USD to Indian National Rupee (INR). So, it would not be easy for customers to find the genuine real-time petrol price without an authentic tool or mobile app.
"I don't know. Chinese purchasing power has been steadily advancing. I think that it's a ""total cost of goods"" thing. The total cost to manufacture, package, ship, warehouse, pay import/export taxes, etc... all of that must be at a tipping point such that US is now the cheaper option.  Just because we can spend more wouldn't by itself force the relocation of a factory, the input costs would have to be reduced to make the economics work. It's the exact opposite wage-driven circumstance that resulted in factories being off-shored in the first place.   To repatriate manufacturing jobs, the only thing that would have changed in any dramatic way would be the direct manufacturing wages."
There are a number of factors here. 1) It's important that there is human oversight on the system. At one level someone needs to be monitoring the computers that manage the trading to be sure they are functioning. At another level someone needs to be making judgement calls on important but rare events: when you you suspend trading in a stock? When do you close the stock exchange entirely? It is alleged that unsupervised computer trades were at least partly responsible for the May 2010 selloff. Even if that's unproven, would you really want those unsupervised computers trading with each other for a couple of days? Or even for a couple of hours? 2) Providing 24/7 trading would increase the cost of running a stock exchange, but with only a tiny improvement in liquidity. 3) If the stock exchange ran 24/7 then traders would have to run 24/7. That would add hugely to the cost of trading. 4) The people who would really suffer would be day traders - because there would no longer be such a thing as a day trader. If you were a sole trader then you would need to monitor your investments 24/7, or risk waking up in the morning to find one of your stocks had plummeted overnight.
I would rate index futures, in particular the US index futures (e.g. the S&P 500 future) as the most liquid markets after the forex markets.
we have little money in cash for a down-payment This is a red flag to me. If you have little money in cash for a down-payment, how are you supposed to be a landlord too?  You could try is to do a lease to own from your Dad. Get a renter into the other home for at least a year or more and then close on the house once your financial situation improves. You still have the same problem of being a landlord. Another option is to receive a gift letter from your Dad since he is gifting the money on the home. It might extend your closing a little bit so you can get an appraisal done and loan application. This to me is the most sane option.
It's tough to justify downgrading any financial with such a strong balance sheet, and with rates going up.  They will literally just be printing money and their NIM is going to be consistently rising. Don't fight macroe-conomics, the sentiment is sentiment, but numbers don't lie.
Sherlock Holmes?!?  Shit has to go public domain sometime.  The saying is there's nothing new under the sun and that's true.  Everything is built on the work of others.  Music, literature, painting, sculpture, science, industry, everything.  By keeping works out of the public domain for so long, we stunt our culture.   Copyright terms need to be reigned back in and set at a reasonable amount of time.
If stopping the 401k contributions temporarily would get you out of debt faster and also stop you from having to take out more student loans, then stop the contributions right now. You can always put some money into regular savings for emergencies etc - in fact, you should - but given a choice between deferring further contributions to your retirement and deferring the (hopeful) increase in income you get when you graduate, definitely choose the former. That of course also means that you don't take off a few semesters from studying to make money to put into a 401(k).
We tell you how your body is evolving and how your baby develops in your belly; we give you healthy eating tips for future moms, you have to stopping pregnancy pills for your healthy baby. we explain all the disorders or small inconveniences that you can face, both physical and psychological, and we give you the keys to solve or reduce them.
Any actual evidence?  From what I've read, all the testimony has been roundly discredited.  You're very hip and edgy for calling me an Armstrong fanboy, but I'm just looking for actual evidence while you keep saying he needs to prove himself innocent instead of the accusers proving him guilty.  Morally bankrupt.  That's what your technique is.
Yes, it does. Housing will not satisfy the overburdening population in years to come. Housing, jobs, cost of living, and rising populations have been problematic for generations.  You could just blame your parents for having you.   Perhaps you are in denial. You certainly choose to spend more time feuding and arguing on reddit than any other attempt to contribute anything to society that benefits more than just yourselves.
The key is to shift the tax burden to the rich and the assets they own that earn money from your economy.  Once you do that, the debt is just a measure of how much of the money that was created so the rich could earn more of it and get richer do some rich have to pay to the other rich at some point in the future.  There isn't a reason to care about that.  Right now, because we haven't done that, we need to keep creating debt to keep pumping new money into our economies to keep them running.  The alternative is letting them stop running.  That's not a good option.
Get an education. A bachelor's degree preferably, but AA or even a certificate are fine too. It will increase your earning potential significantly and over your lifetime it will earn you a lot of money.  You make around $30,000 a year now, median salary for someone with a bachelors in the humanities is around $45,000. If you degree is in the STEM field, that goes up to $55,000 - $65,000 range. Second best option is to start a small business of some kind that does not require substantial investment. Handyman comes to mind as an example or some sort of billing service maybe? I would not recommend self directed investment in the stock market - most people lose money and since you don't have a lot of money to invest, commissions and fees will eat up a significant portion of it. I would usually recommend a CD but interest rates it's not really worth it.
"There are several types of financial advisors. Some are associated with brokerages and insurance companies and the like. Their services are often free. On the other hand, the advice they give you will generally be strongly biased toward their own company's products, and may be biased toward their own profits rather than your gains. (Remember, anything free is being paid for by someone, and if you don't know who it's generally going to be you.) There are some who are good, but I couldn't give you any advice on finding them. Others are not associated with any of the above, and serve entirely as experts who can suggest ways of distributing your money based on your own needs versus resources versus risk-tolerance, without any affiliation to any particular company.  Consulting these folks does cost you (or, if it's offered as a benefit, your employer) some money, but their fiduciary responsibility is clearly to you rather than to someone else. They aren't likely to suggest you try anything very sexy, but when it comes to your primary long-term savings ""exciting"" is usually not a good thing. The folks I spoke to were of the latter type. They looked at my savings and my plans, talked to me about my risk tolerance and my goals, picked a fairly ""standard"" strategy from their files, ran simulations against it to sanity-check it, and gave me a suggested mix of low-overhead index fund types that takes almost zero effort to maintain (rebalance occasionally between funds), has acceptable levels of risk, and (I admit I've been lucky) has been delivering more than acceptable returns. Nothing exciting, but even though I'm relatively risk-tolerant I'd say excitement is the last thing I need in my long-term savings. I should actually talk to them again some time soon to sanity-check a few things; they can also offer advice on other financial decisions (whether/when I might want to talk to charities about gift annuity plans, whether Roth versus traditional 401(k) makes any difference at all at this point in my career, and so on)."
Have you ever heard of leapfrogging? It is actually easier and more economical to install the latest green tech than to build the infrastructure needed to use fossil fuels. The poorest counties will adopt green tech FASTER than in the states where there is a vast petroleum infrastructure and lobbying machine.
I know this is rather late, but with your income it is almost certainly better for your mother to claim you as a dependent. I was in a similar situation this last year, I didn't get the full weight of the tax break because my taxes went down to zero with this exemption along with claiming myself as a dependent. I used Turbotax to run both our taxes both ways to verify, the difference was about 1000 dollars saved for my parents to claim me as a dependent vs claiming myself as a dependent.    If you are unsure it doesn't take long to run the numbers through Turbotax, TaxACT, or some similar software.
Some companies offer discounts for shareholders. I believe Disney used to do so, for example; if your family was doing the Disneyland-every-year routine that could be a significant benefit.
I took some time off actually... I was working a lot and pretty angry, and picked up some habits I wanted to wane myself off of. I basically took a mental health break. That was 4 months ago. I am moving next month and will start looking. Probably will also look bad not to be working, but I have some hobby projects that are public and active but probably would not change anything (I just finished reading the linked article).  I was planning on leaving a glass door review and reporting then after finding a new job. Actually still in touch with some old co workers from that job that also wanted to report them but apparently hadn't. The limitation on back pay is 7 years -- I wised up and did my best not to do OT, but there were others that worked 80 hour weeks and did not get paid for them and it made me livid.  That article had some practical points at the beginning but ultimately the negotiation tactics made me feel uncomfortable. I can understand that quality breeds quality but psychological tricks are dishonest... I suppose if I get jaded enough I might eventually change my tune. Also I do suffer from social anxiety, so saying I want to talk more instead of talk pay and escape is a peculiar type of torture...  But thankyou and I'll probably explore more of this guy's stuff and who he linked out of curiosity.
OANDA has a free online tool (a Java applet) that will do what you're asking.  Description: Currency Graph FXGraph:   Plot the   change between two currencies over any   time period Make a customized graph of historical   exchange rates for two of over 190   currencies, for any time period since   1990.   [...] Visit Currency Graph | OANDA.
If you have 100% of your money in one security that is inherently more risky than splitting your money 50/50 between two securities, regardless of the purported riskiness of the two securities. The calculations people use to justify their particular breed of diversification may carry some assumptions related risk/reward calculations.  But these particular justifications don't change the fact that spreading your money across different assets protects your money from value variances of the individual assets.  Splitting your $100 between Apple and Microsoft stock is probably less valuable (less well diversified) than splitting your money between Apple and Whole Foods stock but either way you're carrying less risk than putting all $100 in to Apple stock regardless of the assumed rates of return for any of these companies stock specifically. Edit: I'm sure the downvotes are because I didn't make a big deal about correlation and measuring correlation and standard deviations of returns and detailed portfolio theory.  Measuring efficacy and justifying your particular allocations (that generally uses data from the past to project the future) is all well and good.  Fact of the matter is, if you have 100% of your money in stock that's more stock risk than 25% in cash, 25% in bonds and 50% in stock would be because now you're in different asset classes.  You can measure to your hearts delight the effects of splitting your money between different specific companies, or different industries, or different market capitalizations, or different countries or different fund managers or different whatever-metrics and doing any of those things will reduce your exposure to those specific allocations.   It may be worth pointing out that currently the hot recommendation is a plain vanilla market tracking S&P 500 index fund (that just buys some of each of the 500 largest US companies without any consideration given to risk correlation) over standard deviation calculating actively managed funds.  If you ask me that speaks volumes of the true efficacy of hyper analyzing the purported correlations of various securities.
"Lol ok buddy. You googled some hysterical left wing editorials and I'm suppose to buy it as Trump being ""anti-science?"" They did that same shit with Bush and Reagan, and they'll do it to the next Republican president.   It's an obvious play right? Steve Bannon plays the role of Dick Chaney, the puppet master that allows you to believe that the president could be a fool. Then they start with the pissy pants blog posts about being ""anti-science."" Sorry dude not working this time. The daily show snark left is on the outs and everyone knows it.  &gt; ""inversely proportional""  Wow pedantic, boy if nothing is evidence of having won an argument it's when dudes start griping over definitions. Inversely proportional works just fine here.  &gt; ""won on income"" is just poor phraseology.  Nah, it was fine. You got it.   &gt; Most of your sentences above had poor grammar and, at first, I suspected some advanced Russian bot. But this is atrocious. Try to express yourself in complete thoughts. Read what you wrote ... it's complete garbage. I almost didn't respond at all since it doesn't deserve a response.  Aww now you are just trying to hurt my feelings. It's almost as if ad hominem attack is the last recourse of a defeated liberal. I believe it's acceptable to take whatever grammatical liberties necessarily when writing mocking prose. It is intended to be read as it is spoken."
&gt; However, the linked studies are essentially irrelevant to your bombastic claims; they still fail to backup your idea that literally everybody who consumes cannabis is a degenerate who lives with his/her parents and works a minimum wage job and is a danger to society. That remains an unproven (and unprovable) assertion  First of all, I never said all. But it seems to be a pattern among redditors. There is a correlation, just not proof.  You also can't prove its not true either.   &gt;  My point was simply that your generalizations of marijuana consumers are spurious, close-minded and not based on any real research. You've yet to provide any counterfactual to that.  Do you think escaping reality by doing drugs all day everyday is a good way of dealing with your problems?
"No no no no and no. Headline accuracy is VERY important. People don't read articles. That was true two decades ago, let alone in the web age.  The title could have easily read ""Survey of 2,000 US CEO's finds pay jump minimum Of 27 percent last year."" Accurate, still gets point across.  Your explanation really concerns me because it excuses lazy and/or salacious journalism."
"We use Cater Allen for our business banking (recommended/introduced by our accountants so we've saved the standard ""minimum funds per month"" limit) which was set up all remotely - our accountants sent us the forms (which you can get from Cater Allen's site), we photocopied the identity documents (driving licence etc) and sent them off. Within a couple of weeks we had the account open. Cater Allen hasn't got any physical branches, so that's ""one way"" of working around the ""come into a branch"" solution - pick a bank without branches! Girobank (which became Alliance and Leicester Business Banking and then became part of Santander) used to allow all account creations remotely - but that was back in the 90s and I've got no idea if Santander still do. Since you've setup an Ltd company, you are probably looking for an accountant too (even if it just to do your year end or payroll) - ask them for their recommendations."
Kuala Lumpur 26 June 2014, Axiata Group Berhad (Axiata) continued to gain momentum in the industry, taking top honours again at the Frost &amp; Sullivan’s 2014 Asia Pacific ICT Award.  Axiata won the Best Telecom Group of the Year, for the 6th consecutive year.  This prestigious award is granted to the operator with a presence in at least 4 Asia Pacific markets that has shown exemplary growth and performance in 2013 in Asia Pacific through its investments in the region. Axiata Group also took home three awards in total with XL Axiata winning the Most Innovative Telecom Service Provider of the Year and Dialog Axiata was voted Best Emerging Market Service Provider of the Year.      To qualify for the Telecom Group of the Year category companies were studied on their growth and performance in 2013 in Asia Pacific through its investments in the region. Companies were studied on their revenues, product/service innovation, capabilities, subscriber growth and strength of regional footprint as well as overall contribution to the industry. As the group transformed its business by aligning itself with changing consumer preferences and technological advancements, the panel of judges was convinced with Axiata’s all-round performance.     Dato’ Sri Jamaludin Ibrahim, President and Chief Executive Officer of Axiata said “We are greatly honoured by the awards especially given the caliber of other players in the category. I thank the judges and Frost &amp; Sullivan for the recognition. The award reflects the great team that we have with us and is really a collective victory to be fully shared with all our employees across the group. It has been a tremendous five years for Axiata and this award is testament to that.”     Serene Chan, Senior Industry Analyst, Asia Pacific ICT Practice, Frost &amp; Sullivan said, “During CY2013, Axiata Group successfully adapted to the changing needs of customers, and as a result observed the highest subscriber growth among all telecom groups in the Asia Pacific region. Group’s proportional subscribers grew by 22%, and proportional revenues grew by 5.6% at constant currency. It also showcased the highest operational profitability in the region by delivering EBITDA margin of 38.4%.     Most of its subsidiaries and associates improved their competitiveness and outshone their peers on most of the operational metrics. Robi, Dialog, Smart and Idea Cellular in particular showcased exemplary performance in their operating countries. The group continues to transform itself by aligning with changing consumer preferences and technological advancements, through several strategic initiatives and investments, and is continuously progressing towards its strategic vision to be the regional champion by 2015.”     “The awards are an acknowledgement of the continued success of our operating companies in the region as well as an acknowledgement of the Group’s progress towards its regional ambitions. I am very happy to see XL and Dialog being recognized and I would like to congratulate all XL and Dialog employees.  A special mention must be made in particular to Pak Hasnul Suhaimi and Dr Hans, for their very able leadership” Dato’ Sri Jamaludin Ibrahim concluded.     **ABOUT AXIATA**     Axiata is one of the largest Asian telecommunications companies. Axiata has controlling interests in mobile operators in Malaysia, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Cambodia with significant strategic stakes in India and Singapore. In addition, the Malaysian grown holding company has stakes in non-mobile telecommunication operations in Thailand and Pakistan.     The Group’s mobile subsidiaries and associates operate under the brand name ‘Celcom’ in Malaysia, ‘XL’ in Indonesia, ‘Dialog’ in Sri Lanka, ‘Robi’ in Bangladesh, ‘Smart’ in Cambodia, ‘Idea’ in India and ‘M1’ in Singapore.     The Group, including its subsidiaries and associates, has over 250 million mobile subscribers in Asia. The Group revenue for 2013 was USD5.8 billion. The Group provides employment to over 20,000 people across Asia. Axiata’s vision is to be a regional champion by 2015 by piecing together the best throughout the region in connectivity, technology and talent, uniting them towards a single goal: Advancing Asia.     Axiata was awarded the Frost &amp; Sullivan 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 Asia Pacific ICT Award for Best Telecom Group and the Telecom Asia Best Regional Mobile Group 2010 and 2011 for its operations in multiple Asian markets.     **For further information on Axiata visit:**    [http://www.ranker.com/list/the-jakarta-globe-xl-axiata-axis-capital-group-merger-plans/abbyditter](http://www.ranker.com/list/the-jakarta-globe-xl-axiata-axis-capital-group-merger-plans/abbyditter)
I'm reminded of Say's Law (developed by Jean-Baptiste Say) which can best be reduced to: The market clears (i.e. there is always some price at which an item will sell in a market).  Full employment can always be obtained in any free market economy.  People may not be pleased, however, with their wage rate. There are, however, many deterrents to employment (at least in the US): These are just some I can think of off the top of my head.  I'm sure there are many others.
"Indeed. But it's worse than that. We now know that the brain continues to devolope well into the 20s and a college education might be less effective at age 18. Perhaps this is why businesses complain about not being able to find anyone with ""real world skills"". You think? They've been sitting in a class room for 16 years (or *more*). Other countries don't even start reading education until second or third grade!"
Giving a drug company a monopoly on a drug is essentially giving them the power to withhold the drug from people they don't want to have it, ie poor people.  When will this intellectual property charade end? Sharing and copying is distinctly human, to deny us the benefits of discovery is anti-human.
This probably isn't worthy of being more than a comment, is not specific to your needs (other answers cover that better), and I am a big advocate of NOT owning property but investing the money in the markets instead (potentially higher rates of return), however, if I were going to buy a property I would do so sooner rather than later as a rise in interest rates is not a matter of if but when. Borrow now when it is cheaper to do so and lock in the rate by taking out a fixed rate mortgage - the rate might be higher than variable rate mortgages but their rates will go up above your fixed rate very quickly.
&gt;taxes are too high to justify paying them before reinvesting the money in the economy.    Doesn't Trump's Tax Plan help alleviate this issue, especially with the whole bracket change? What about the loop-holes, why can't the government simply patch up all the loop-holes before they try to introduce something revolutionary as this?    -Curious student
Non-addictictive in the physiological sense, as in you won't suffer withdrawal symptoms with cessation of cannabis use, but that doesn't mean you can't mentally be addicted to it and/or suffer consequences from its use e.g. your life becoming unmanageable  Use opioids long enough and you will become addicted to it physically, that is a medical fact.
@Victor above has provided a very good answer, I shall try and highlight some differences. The differences are specific to a country, however, it does offer some insight regarding the difference between investing in retirement fund vis-a-vis investing in stock directly: In many countries the retirement fund is mandated by the govt. and has to be invested in (in form of direct deduction from salary) ~ Investing in stock is up to the individual In many cases (if not most) capital gain/interest accrual in retirement funds are not taxable ~ Depending upon current laws capital gain (long term/short term) from stocks are taxable Retirement funds are managed and are (in general) more stable in their returns ~ Returns from direct stock investments are dependent on investment decisions of the investor Retirement funds tend to, (though this is very country specific) return somewhat less than market, as an example, in India Public Provident Fund (PPF)/Employee Provident Fund (EPF) return 8.68% tax free ~ As for direct investment on stocks, Nifty has returned approx. 17% CAGR over 15-20 years. Given the above, if you can invest in stock by taking informed calls and you have a good understanding of the financial markets and their underpinning and (probably) looking at long term investment, then investing directly in stock could fetch returns that might not be paralled by retirement funds. If on the other hand, if you feel investing in stock is not for you, then it probably is better to stick with retirement funds and other low risk investments. Either way, you probably have to (and may be you should) carry some portion of your portfolio as retirement funds.
That is surprising, I can't even get them to take a Lowe's coupon.   I shop there a lot because it is closest to me and sometimes they are the only ones that have a certain thing but I don't like shopping there.
I'm worried that as their production increases, the federal and state rebates will run out and add about $10k to the price of each car. The cap is 200,000 vehicles before the rebate phases out. At the current production rate(don't forget the Leafs, Volts and other offerings), all the Teslas, especially the entry level Model E, will get a substancial price hike.
This is only going to be worse than Enron if the hackers decide to use or distribute their stolen data.  I haven't heard of any indicators they are yet -- its too hot (all three letter agencies are after them).
Executive search helps a lot of companies with their search appropriate applicants to take up the CEO position. That is because they have the skills to do the job right and are able to devote the right period of your energy. The agency can rest understanding that the matter is in capable hands. While it pays to employ an executive coaching firm that does have some qualifications in your industry, it is not specifically necessary to do so.
"Sun Tzu and Carnegie are fine for thinking about interpersonal exchange. But they aren't business books: What do i measure, why, and what does it mean; what does it mean to run a business. I think those are critical, and list of books should the capabilities you need  Strategy: ""Good to Great"", ""Esential Drucker""   Planning: ""Pocket book MBA PM""   Operations: ""The Goal""   People management:...   Innovation:...   Finance:..."
People waive their constitutional rights all the time. As the other reply said, legally binding arbitration is a real thing. Ever get arrested?  You can waive your right to have an attorney present when talking to the police. You can waive your right to a trial of your peers and choose to have a bench trial instead. In PA the courts recognize your right to waive notice when signing a lease (so landlords can file for eviction immediately). Waiving your rights is very commonplace.
If they all own common stock, no, everyone has to be treated equally.  There are also lots of protections against, say, A and B finding one shareholder to vote with them and using their 50.1% to grant themselves special rights.  there are a million ways you could do that - issue preferred stock to A, issue options to B, buy a service from A for $10mm, rent a basement from B for $10mm, etc. etc.  This stuff has to be prevented otherwise nobody would be willing to be a minority investor.
This isn't good news. Unemployment rate went up and pay is still down. Projections were just overshot, that's all this is saying. You're literally thanking him for more people being unemployed/not working this month and for ensuring lower class workers aren't getting fair pay.
&gt;If consumers don't abandon them after transgressions, then that is democracy.   And that would be bad, because democracy in and of itself isn't always an absolute good. If the majority of consumers don't abandon X store for bad policies against Y minority, *Y minority still gets screwed.*  That's why we have protected classes, a limited set of them based on biological factors and other criteria - so that businesses can't discriminate against people based on those factors.   The libertarian fantasy of a perfect free market only works in an ideal world with completely rational and good people. None of those things are actually the case.
Well, it certainly has the first-mover advantage. I imagine Tesla has become pretty efficient in its production of electric cars and they are continuously driving down costs. As production expands, Tesla is gaining economies of scale, allowing it to produce electric vehicles for much cheaper than any other company might do with its patents. I think it would be difficult for new entrants to achieve the same quality and cost that Tesla does, even if they are using Tesla's patents.   Furthermore, Tesla and electric vehicles have become synonymous. If someone is going to buy an electric car, the first thing they are going to think of is Tesla. Owning a Tesla has become (and will likely continue to be) a bit of a status symbol, and because of that, I think they will probably always have the dominant position in the electric vehicle industry, and will likely be able to charge premium prices that competitors might not be able to justify. Similar to the way that despite the ubiquity of smartphones, Apple has a dominant position and an ability to charge premium prices. (Largely because Apple kind of drove the smartphone revolution)   Tesla wants the electric car market to grow as quickly as possible. The more money automobile manufacturers pour into electric cars, the less they will spend on cheaper, fossil-fuel vehicles. Secondly, as more companies start producing electric vehicles, more people will end up owning one, hence more infrastructure will be built to support those people, making owning an electric car a lot easier, hence increasing the value of a Tesla. Making electric cars accessible to the mainstream public is Tesla's ultimate goal, because they know they will likely always have the lion's share of that industry.
More than you would think. I graduated with a MS in Finance last year, and it had a lot of what other people said - linear algebra, statistics...you need to know calculus 2 like the back of your hand, and a lot of cal 3 as well. The thing I found, even with a BS in finance, was that the amount of math in undergrad is FAR below the amount of math you need in even just the master's program.
. Our customized steel building kits provides quality, flexibility, cost effectiveness and various customizations to accommodate various designs needs. We only use high quality steel for metal building and our expert team of technicians, designers and engineers ensure quality control in every step of the production of the building kits.
"&gt;Thank you LW. Some of the crime is committed without violence, but if the sheep ever complain, then the violence is right there to put the boot on their necks.   I would venture to say that far from ""some"", in fact the lion's share of crime is committed without (any apparent) violence (it also goes unprosecuted).  Overt (obvious/apparent) violence is the hallmark of the ""petty thief"" and the ""petty criminal"" -- it is a path of desperation that normally only yields trivial sums.  Bernie Madoff was a far more successful criminal than Bonnie &amp; Clyde; and the impact of his crimes was significantly higher and broader -- but he used ZERO violence, and naught but fraud.  And yet Bernie Madoff was a *piker* compared to the REAL criminal masterminds.  &gt;Fraud that is backed up by violence is violence.  Yes, I wouldn't dispute that... but very often the ""violence"" (or even the threat thereof) is almost entirely non-obvious (again Cf Madoff, Enron, WorldCom, and a host of others... ).  And the of course there are the government-based scams/schemes (which are significantly MORE profitable, and generally ""stable"" and non-risky for the participants -- heck, fractional reserve banking is {and always was} nothing more than a fraud {ala ""stone soup""}, and yet the risk {especially of prosecution} is virtually zero.)"
Because Gary is basically a ghost town.  The crime rate is one of the highest in the country.  There are so many vacant buildings that the property tax incomes cannot begin to cover maintenance for the roads.  The schools are under control of the state because they are terrible.  There are almost no retail or restaurants left; except for a dollar store that gets robbed monthly and a few low-end fast food chains.
Welcome to Golden Graphic Designs! My name is Sally, and I created this site to share my experience about graphic designing, marketing, business or my thoughts in general. If you like to receive free tips, then you'll love my site. Hope you enjoy your stay here!
"Given that such activities are criminal and the people committing them have to hide them from the law, it's very unlikely that an investor could detect them, let alone one from a different country. The only things that can realistically help is to keep in mind the adage ""If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is"", and to stick to relatively large companies, since they have more auditing requirements and fraud is much harder to hide at scale (but not impossible, see Enron). Edit: and, of course, diversify. This kind of thing is rare, and not systematic, so diversification is a very good protection."
Basically you need to use a time-value-of-money equation to discount the cashflows back to today. The Wikipedia formula will likely work fine for you, then you just need to pick an effective interest rate to use in the calculation. Run each of your amounts and dates though the formula (there are various on-line calculators to pick from, and sum up the values. You did not mention your location or jurisdiction, but a useful proxy for the interest rate would be the average between the same duration mortgage rate and fixed-deposit rate at your bank; it should be close enough for your purposes - although if an actual lawsuit is involved and the sums high enough to have lawyers, it might be worth engaging an accountant as well to defend the veracity of both the calculation and the interest rates chosen.
"Why would you file four K-1s for each partner? You file one K-1 per partner, on which you report the total of income attributed to that partner. It shouldn't and cannot ""vary"". There's no variables here, the income you report is the income already earned and attributed to that partner. What's there to vary? How you decide the attribution of income is governed by your operating agreement, the IRS only needs the bottom line."
When all you have is a hammer...  It's not the marketers fault that the margins on their industry have been pushed to the point that cheesy planned obsolescence, 'value size' repackaging and other gimmicks are the go-to fads embraced by the product management teams.  They've no choice but to polish and rack the consumer-mindset-exploiting turds they're paid to shill.  What gets me is the generational divide in response to advertising.  The older generation can't help but trust it it seems.  Whereas, most younger folk I know simply cannot conceive why anyone would trust a product marketed to them- all the incentives seem fundamentally geared towards rip-off and exploitation.  Why play a rigged game if you can avoid it?
Have you considered a self-directed IRA to invest, rather than the stock market or publicly traded assets? Your IRA can actually own direct title to real estate, loan money via secured or unsecured promissory notes much like a hard money loan or invest into shares of an entity that invests in real estate. The only nuance is that the IRA holder is responsible for finding and deciding upon the investment vehicle.  Just an option outside of the normal parameters, if you have an existing IRA or old 401(k) or other qualified plan, this might be an option for you.
Emergency funds, by the name it implies that they should be available on hand at a very short notice if needed. Conservation of principal (not withstanding inflation, but rather in absolute terms) is also a very important criteria of any kind of account that you will use to save the emergency fund. I would suggest the following breakup. The number in brackets signifies the amount of per month expenses that you can keep in that account. = total 6 months living expenses
CD's are not compressed. Later specifications added surround sound encoding, higher sampling rates and bit depths. Compression, especially lossy compression, is a different animal and some later formats may use some form of compression but the CD version of PCM encoding is not considered compression.  The spec was designed to exceed the range of normal human hearing and if properly implemented it's suitable for that purpose. There are a lot variations in terms of recording, mastering and playback in terms of the quality of the gear involved and the techniques used which is probably what the sentence you quoted meant (I.e.  CD Recorded on a cheap setup using default settings and playing it back on a budget consumer player might not sound as good as a vinyl record mastered by a pro and played back on a high quality pickup connected to an audiophile grade amplifier and speakers; and vice versa)
Could you perhaps expand on your reasoning behind wanting to take a loan in the first place? Why would you even consider taking a loan for as much as £7,500 (or even much less) if you aren't planning on buying / investing in anything in particular, and you're not in a bad financial situation? If your account never drops below a hundred or two pounds, why would you need to loan money? Just get yourself a credit card, for those times when you might find yourself without money for a short while. But really, it sounds to me like you should be able to set aside a small sum of money every month and create your own savings buffer to cover these situations.
They lobbied to get a monopoly on direct to buyer cars (no dealership), they also receive subsidies on each car, as they aren't affordable for consumers. Their goal is more to take over the electric car market, not to put consumer desires first. I'm probably going to hell for pointing this out, but I thought you could know.
Most often, general dentists are referred to as family dentists but some believe there is considerable difference between the two. In Jamaica, a general dentist is the one that has enough training and skills for taking care of most fundamental requirements of people of all ages.
I think you need to have paypal for eBay selling, just for one reason: people will avoid buying from you if they can't pay by paypal. It decreases significantly your selling.
"JohnFX and TTT provide excellent answers. Researching prices others have paid, being up front that you'll go buy a junker car to hold you over if they won't meet your price, and playing a few dealerships off of each other are all great tactics. In addition, I've got a few points about timing your purchase. If you're not desperate for a car, these can really help give you the upper hand in negotiations: Wait until the end of the month. Dealerships and individual salespeople usually have quotas that they're trying to clear, and the month is usually the standard cutoff. The last time I bought a car, the salesman made the mistake of mentioning, ""I don't usually work Thursdays, but I'll be in this Thursday."" Thursday was the 31st - I inferred from this information that he hadn't made his quota for the month yet. So I came back on the 31st to negotiate, and managed to hammer out a pretty good deal. Wait until about an hour before the dealership closes to show up and shop. This gives you enough time to not be obvious about the tactic, but you'll definitely be holding them past their normal quitting time if you do much negotiating. The salesman will be  a little more inclined to make a deal so he can get home and have dinner. Bonus points if you can wait until a month that ends on a Friday!"
__________ _________ ____________ Therefore, I get the outcome I want.   The human brain must think: it can't stop.  If you don't believe me, try meditating.    The mental process of putting stuff in those blanks is called rationalization.  This is a bored mind who wants something.  If that mind is not particularly well disciplined, those things will get pretty unrealistic.   That is what has happened to your friend.  Landlords do not like drama.  They do like money.  Generally a landlord will be happy to take your money any reasonable way that they can achieve.  It sounds like either your landlord lost the ability to do credit cards, or he got sick of paying the 3% overhead, or some other overhead costs that may be higher because he does not have the right credit card merchant service.  For instance PayPal Here charges 2.70% flat, but a traditional swiper can cost up to $2000 a year in trumped up fees and charges.   As soon as the landlord calls the rent a debt, he has to take cash.  But in most places, rental is at-will, and the landlord can evict for any reason or no reason at all (except race, creed, color, national origin, family, running a daycare center and a few other protected reasons)...  and there's not a whole lot you can do about it.  Even for a lease he can trump up a reason.  Your friend would be wise to have a meeting of the minds with the landlord about how he'd like to pay.  Business is done by mutual consent, not non-consensual legal tricks.  I agree, I wouldn't do ACH either.   One problem with ACH (or credit) is the landlord can charge anything he pleases, and that's when they start sneaking in devious surcharges for things.  Once he's pulled the money out, you're really at a disadvantage to argue, since he already has the money. And it's really difficult to do a chargeback on part of a payment, so you end up having to chargeback the entire rent check, and now he can evict you.
"There's a market for single stock futures.  The market (however small) is OneChicago, ""an Equity Finance Exchange offering security futures products.""  I don't know how easy access is for retail investors."
Consider that however high your credit score gets, there is a 'worst piece of it'. The automated software will always report your 'weakest' two points, even if they are already at the top 0.0001% of everyone; that's just how it is coded.
Don't take the car back! The dealership wants you to take it back to try and earn more money. Simply stated, the dealerships hate paid up front cash deals. They make money on the financing. So to call back and try to up their fee is them realizing their not making a large enough profit. Say thank you and move on. The deal is done!!
"The way I approach ""afford to lose"", is that you need to sit down and figure out the amount of money you need at different stages of your life. I can look at my current expenses and figure out what I will always roughly be paying - bills, groceries, rent/mortgage.  I can figure out when I want to retire and how much I want to live on - I generally group 401k and other retirement separately to what I want to invest. With these numbers I can figure out how much I need to save to achieve this goal. Maybe you want to purchase a house in 5 years - figure out the rough down payment and include that in your savings plan. Continue for all capital purchases that you can think you would aim for. Subtract your income from this and you have the amount of money you have greater discretion over. Subtracting current liabilities (4th of July holiday... christmas presents) and you have the amount you could ""afford to lose"". As to the asset allocation you should look at, as others have mentioned that the younger you the greater your opportunity is to recoup losses. Personally I would disagree - you should have some plan for the investment and use that goal to drive your diversification."
"To other users save yourselves time, do not test any of the alternatives mentioned in this post. I have, to no avail. At the moment (nov/2013) Saxobank unfortunately seems to be the only broker who offers OTC (over-the counter) FX options trading to Retail Investors. In other words, it is the only alternative for those who are interested in trading non-exchange options (ie, only alternative to those interested in trading FX options with any date or strike, rather than only one date per month and strikes every 50 pips only). I say ""unfortunately"" because competition is good, Saxo options spreads are a rip off, and their platform extremely clunky. But it is what it is."
Generally speaking the lower credit score trumps.  In the case you cite, the lower credit score will prevail.  However, you may need to do exactly that in order to qualify for the loan income wise.   There are two factors when obtaining a mortgage, really all loans, but more so with a mortgage:  the likeliness to repay (credit score),  and your ability to service the debt.  This last one is a combination of income and debt-to-income ratio. If you don't have enough income to qualify for the loan or fail to meet the debt to income ration, you may have to use your GF's income to qualify despite her poor credit. You might want to see past posts about buying property with non-spouses.  It could work, but generally it requires a lot of legal work before closing on the deal.  Avoiding this will lead to tales of woe.
I bought my first car on eBay. I took a bus to go pick it up two states away with a cashier's check. I was in college and had enough money with me to buy a couple table of gas and a couple cheap meals, but not enough for a bus ride home. The guy selling the car showed up at the bus station and gave me the keys. The car was in excellent shape.  As you can imagine, this was around 2002 or so. Can you imagine trying that now?  Oh, Amazon was actually founded before eBay. They were just a bookstore, of course.
Are you sure the payment has actually posted and isn't sitting in a pre-auth status?  If it is, it'll fall off in a few days and they're probably telling the truth. If not, and it has fully posted to your account, I agree with the others.  It's very appropriate to initiate a chargeback.  You can provide documentation showing they confirmed a cancellation, further, you can show proof that they had no intent of charging you. Good luck!
Fair enough, but the MSF program is still quant heavy. Probably not to the same degree, but I would imagine it would challenge you in some ways, particularly if you got into a top tier institution (i.e. Princeton or MIT).
"I think it's a silly statement. If you are prepared from the start that you might lose it then you shouldn't invest. You invest to earn not to lose. Most often losses are a result of fear.  Remember you only lose when you sell lower than you bought for.  So if you have the patience you will probably regain. I ask my clients many times how much do they want to earn and they all say ""as much as possible"". Last time I checked, that's not an objective and therefore a strategy can't be built for that.  If there is  a strategy then exiting a stock is easy,  without a strategy you never know when to exit and then you are exposed to  bottomless losses. I've successfully traded for many years with large amounts of money. I made money in the FC and in the bubble, both times it wasn't because I was prepared to lose but because I had an entry and exit strategy. If you have both the idea of investing what u are prepared to lose has little value."
Car rental chains are so dependent on location/airport... I could tell you that I prefer Budget, cheap, easy to deal with, great cars, etc., but someone could reply to me and tell me Budget murdered their dog.  But with that said, I do prefer Budget in most areas... even if my first car choice isn't available, they have other great options:  1. Mustang convertible 2. Mustang 3. Charger RT 4. Camaro  Those are my preferences with them (in order).  Be warned though if you've never been in a Camaro... a Mustang feels like a fucking Suburban compared to a Camaro.
"My solution when I lived in Singapore was to open an account with HSBC, who at the time also had branches in the US. When I was home, I used the same debit card, and the bank only charged a nominal currency exchange fee (since it never had to leave their system, it was lower than had it left their system). Another option, though slightly more costly, is to use Paypal. A third option is to cash-out in CAD and convert to USD at a ""large"" institution - the larger your deposit/conversion balance, the better the rate you can get. To the best of my knowledge, this shouldn't be taxable - presuming you've paid the taxes on it to start with, and you've been filing your IRS returns every year you've been in Canada."
Couple of points about being a consultant in the US: It sounds like the rules for what you can deduct may be more lax in Italy.  For example, you can deduct a certain percentage of your home for work but the rules are relatively strict on your use of that space and how much is deductible.  Also things like clothes, restaurants, phones, car use, etc must follow IRS guidelines to be deductible.  This often means they are used exclusively for work and are required for work.  A meal you eat by yourself is not generally deductible, for example.  Any expense you would have had anyway if you were not working is generally not deductible. A contractor in the US can organize in various ways, including sole proprietorship, an S-corp, and a C-corp.  Each has different tax and regulatory implications.  In the simple case of a sole proprietorship, one must pay not only regular income tax but also self-employment tax, which is the part of social security and medicare tax normally paid for by one's employer.  Estimated taxes must be paid to the government quarterly and then the actual amount due synced up at the end of the year (with the government sending you the difference or vice versa). Generally speaking contractors may set aside more money pre-tax for retirement and have better investment options.  This is because solo 401(k) retirement accounts are cost-effective and flexible and the contractor can set aside the full $18K pre-tax as well as having the company contribute generously (pre-tax) to the retirement account.  Contractors can also easily employ spouses and set aside even more. The details of how frequently you are paid as a contractor and how much notice (if any) the company must give you before terminating your relationship are negotiated between you and the company and are generally pretty flexible.  You could get paid your whole year salary in a lump sum if you wanted.  The company that is paying you will not normally give you any benefits whatsoever...in this way it is the same situation as it is in Italy. By the way the three points you mention in your edit are definitely not true in the US.
Million Dollar Marketing Machine is a top tier business venture that offers the new business owner the opportunity to make large sums of money earning money in sums greater than $500 per transaction.  The financial transactions can be as high as $12,000.  Each business owner collects their own money and they have the opportunity to have their own websites set up by the company of Million Dollar Marketing Machine.  Previously known as Million Dollar Marketing Formula.  Affiliation to the Pizza Box Business.
In onze webshop ziet u meerdere haardhout soorten, waardoor het best lastig kan zijn om een goede keuze te maken. Er wordt met name onderscheid gemaakt in de zachtere en hardere stookhout soorten. De zachtre soorten kenmerken zich doordat ze lichter van gewicht zijn en daardoor makkelijker en wat sneller branden. De hardere soorten zijn zwaarder en branden wat trager.
You can't max out your retirement savings. There are vehicles that aren't tax-advantaged that you can fund after you've exhausted the tax-advantaged ones.  Consider how much you want to put into these vehicles.  There are disadvantages as well as advantages.  The rules on these can change at any time and can make it harder for you to get your money out. How's your liquid (cash) emergency fund?  It sounds like you're in a position to amass a good one.  Don't miss this opportunity. Save like crazy while you can.  Kids make this harder. Paying down your mortgage will save you interest, of course, but make sure you're not cash-poor as a result.  If something happens to your income(s), the bank will still foreclose on you even if you only owe $15,000.  A cash cushion buys you time.
"You gotta stop using that ""overhears"" argument. It's ridiculous. First of all it doesn't work like that because most trades get filled internally or through dark pools and secondly the HFT is taking risk for that 2 cents. Also, they don't hold it, they gotta offload it, so the price will go back down. Finally, this only affects people making huge orders and this is pennies to them. This is not a free lunch for HFT since those 2 cents have risks associated.  Think of it another way: some HFT dudes have some programs that run really fast, and they make some minuscule amounts of money; think maybe a few k a day. But, they do do something useful: they let you enter/exit positions at a better price by reducing spreads."
ITT: people souped about bankers losing jobs  In the article: back-office workers are projected as the majority job loss takers- so that is corporate finance, operations people.   These kinds of jobs are through the corporate world, and a frequent employer of many college grads
Depends on the type of documents, if they are just sales flyers you can email/post on website etc.  IF they are medial records or some other sensitive information you need to have something with access controls encryption and logging/auditing capabilities... Some places use sharepoint or just have a shared drive where the docs are stored.
There is also much stricter immigration control in Scandinavia and you are not directly next to half a hemisphere of poor workers willing to enter illegally to take lower wages. Being culturally and ethnically homogenous, and having the political will to enforce strict immigration control help greatly here.
The biggest risk is Credit Utilization rate.  If you have a total of $10,000 in revolving credit (ie: credit card line) and you ever have more than 50% (or 33% to be conservative) on the card at any time then your credit score will be negatively impacted. This will be a negative impact even if you charge it on day one and pay it off in full on day 2.  Doesn't make much sense but credit companies are playing the averages:  on average they find that people who get close to maxing their credit limit are in some sort of financial trouble. You're better off to make small purchases each month, under $100, and pay them off right away.  That will build a better credit history - and score.
I mean there is always the possibility that occurs, but I think it is extremely unlikely. The network effect is extremely important in technology and even more so with money given liquidity. Bitcoin is the protocol (TCP/IP). Many of the blockchains that people are referencing are just another form of a database and they are not permisonless. It is the equivalent of the Internet versus an intranet.
Yep you could do this if you lived in a certain area (small town, midwest, etc) and had a decent job. You couldn't pull this off in any of the major employing cities that everyone moves to like Seattle, D.C; L.A; etc.
Yes, Paypal has such a button you can use, but to be clear, the money you receive is taxable income. Your website is providing 'value' to the readers, and while they may feel they are making a gift to you, it's earned income as far as the IRS is concerned.  (This assumes you are in the US, you may wish to add a tag to indicate your country)
You need to know that the loan will cost you additional money every month. You need to know how you are going to pay that overhead in addition to what you're already paying. The best answer is to reduce your spending to build up a reserve you feel comfortable with, and then NOT spend that reserve except in emergencies. If you need a short-term answer, I'd suggest borrowing from relatives. Failing that, I'd suggest talking to a bank about establishing a line of credit but NOT drawing upon it until and unless you have Absolutely No Other Choice. That gives you a preapproved option when you need it at (usually) a much, much better rate than credit cards... without costing you anything until and unless you actually do need the money, and (if you don't have it set up to kick in automatically on overdrafts) without making it so easy to get to that you're tempted to use it before you must.
&gt;I'm gonna go ahead and drop this, because obviously your preference is for nobody to show up and lend a hand to anyone, as nobody is benevolent.   That is a ridiculous statement. I have no idea how you come to this conclusion. You make the assumption that because I don't approve of theft, that means I want no one to help anyone. That's insane! But not surprising from someone who makes a living from that theft.
"So a guy that went to a shitty college moved to an $800 plus per month apartment in Manhattan to be an actor and applied for low skill jobs near minimum wage. That's the shittiest plan I've ever heard.  “When I first walked into Express, I said, ‘Oh my God, this place is awesome and there’s music and it looks like a happening place"".  Anyone want to claim that he's not an idiot?"
"Or not have done it within public memory of the BOA fees and GoDaddy.  I still am not seeing the ""big idea"" with auto bill pay...do they want unrestricted access to people's bank accounts?  Bill first, ask questions later?"
&gt;Coal is already dead because of natural gas       I don't believe you.     &gt;The usa sits on 28% of total global coal reserves. 260 billion short tons of recoverable coal reserves.    &gt;Despite significant U.S. coal production since the industrial revolution, recoverable domestic coal reserves at current mining levels would last 222 years.     &gt;https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.php?id=2930
By placing the property in her name, her share of it would also be considered an asset of hers should she ever be sued. If she gets married and later divorced, depending on if Michigan is a community property state or not (and a lot of other things), her ex might get 50% of her stake in the property.
"There's a huge difference between ""can an anverage person make a profit on the stock market"" and ""can an average person get rich off the stock market"". It is certainly possible for an average person to profit, but of course you are unlikely to profit as much as the big Wall Street guys.  An S&P 500 index fund, for instance, would be a pretty good way to profit.  People with high-powered tools may make a lot of money picking individual stocks, and may even make some choices that help them when the market is down, but it's difficult to see how they could consistently make money over the long term without the S&P 500 also going up.  The same applies, to varying extents, to various other index funds, ETFs, and mutual funds. I agree with littleadv that there is no single ""right"" thing for everyone to do.  My personal take is that index funds are a good bet, and I've seen a lot of people take that view on personal finance blogs, etc. (for whatever that's worth).  One advantage of index funds that track major indexes (like the S&P 500) is that because they are and are perceived as macro-indicators of the overall economic situation, at least you're in the same boat as many other people.  On one level, that means that if you lose money a lot of other investors are also losing money, and when large numbers of people start losing money, that makes governments take action, etc., to turn things around.  On another level, the S&P 500 is a lot of big companies; if it goes down, some of those big companies are losing value, and they will use their big-company resources to gain value, and if they succeed, the index goes up again and you benefit. In other words, index funds (and large mutual funds, ETFs, etc.) make investing less about what day-trading wonks focus on, which is trying to make a ""hot choice"" for a large gain.  They make it more about hitching your wagon to an extremely large star that is powered by all the resources of extremely large companies, so that when those companies increase their value, you gain.  The bigger the pool of people whose fortunes rise and fall with your own, the more you become part of an investment portfolio that is (I can't resist saying it) ""too big to fail"".  That isn't to say that the S&P 500 can't lose value from time to time, but rather that if it does go down big and hard and stay there, you probably have bigger problems than losing money in the stock market (e.g., the US economy is collapsing and you should begin stockpiling bullets and canned food)."
The answer in theory is yes. The answer in reality is no. Let me explain: Combine all of these lists and perhaps you could get a complete record.
Government purchases of mortgages simply transfers the debt burden from households to the sovereign. Taxes pay sovereign debt (65% of whom are homeowners anyway). No debt has been restructured -- it's now paid via taxes instead of monthly mortgage payments -- and those paying include persons who responsibly avoided housing speculation. The U.S. has a debt-to-GDP ratio just shy of the critical point of 90%. Purchasing $10 trillion in mortgage debt (about a year of GDP) would put the U.S. on an inexorable path towards insolvency and inflation. There are all sorts of other risks (loss of a risk-free asset, moral hazard, nationalization of the housing industry, etc.) but this should make the point clear that it's not a good idea. There are only three ways to reduce debt: 1) default, 2) restructure, or 3) lower the real debt burden by de-valuing currency in which the debt is denominated.
All CBD Fruit Strips are yummy organic product snacks that can go with you any place you go. Each Stretch Island All CBD Fruit Strip is equivalent to a large portion of a serving of natural product. It doesn't improve than that, with the exception of perhaps a genuine bit of natural product.
I had read a book about finance, and it had mentioned that you can gain big profits from investing in the best companies in the most boring markets, like the funeral business for example. These markets are slow growing, but the companies pay a good dividend. Many books recommend investing in dividends because of the compound growth and stable income. Remember that at the end of the day, you should put the same amount of research into buying a stock as you would buying the entire company. With that being said, you may find a great company that may or may not offer dividends, but it should not be of great significance since you feel you are buying into a great company at a fair price. Though dividend growth is a great tool to use to see if a company is doing well.
"This information is clearly ""material"" (large impact) and ""non-public"" according to the statement of the problem.  Also, decisions like United States v. Carpenter make it clear that you do not need to be a member of the company to do illegal insider trading on its stock. Importantly though, stackexchange is not a place for legal advice and this answer should not be construed as such.  Legal/compliance at Company A would be a good place to start asking questions."
"I'm assuming you directed that question to me. I don't disagree with your question regarding a game.  But potentially causing financial ruin is not a game.  If everyone abused these laws our economy would come to a stand still due to a total crisis of confidence.  Using Trump as an example:  [The Baja Condo fiasco](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trump_Ocean_Resort_Baja_Mexico).  Trump gets paid $500k up front to license his name (nothing wrong with that)  He also gets a percentage of future revenue (nothing wrong with that)  He tells buyers he ""is involved at every capacity"".  This is a lie.  People feel confidant and put down deposits of $200k-$300k.  [$22 MILLION in deposits are lost](http://articles.latimes.com/2012/oct/03/business/la-fi-trump-lawsuit-settlement-20121004) and the project fades away.  All the investors/people get nothing.  Trump made his $500k (possibly a LOT more)claims no responsibility and moves on.  If everyone did this - our markets would freeze up."
Exactly. I love Android and it's hard for me to feel bad about the company that ruins it the most, and the most consistently, having a rough time of it. I know it's probably not because consumers know what stock Android is, but I like to imagine that people are picking up the One X and getting turned off by all crap that HTC has broken in the name of being different.
"Consider this thought experiment: Take 10 million people and give them each $3,000. Every day they each   purchase a random stock with all of their money. The next day they   flip a coin and if it's heads they do nothing, and if it's tails they   sell it and purchase another random stock. Repeat everyday for 5   years. After 5 years, you'll probably have many people that lost all of their money due to the fees they paid for each trade they made. A lot of people will have lost a little or won a little. Some people will have doubled or tripled their money, or even better. A very small number of people will have made ""millions"". Some of those small number of people that made millions will likely go on to write books and sell seminars on how to make money in the stock market."
I'll say this right now.  There is absolutely no way he will go to prison for this.  As a former head of Goldman Sachs and a former governor, he's a very powerful man and has friends in politics and finance.
http://www.socialsecurity.gov/retire2/agereduction.htm As a general rule of thumb on average you'll gain a similar amount of total money over time whether you start withdrawing early or not. Yes you get less money on each check, but you're also going to get more checks a whole since it's based on how long you live.  I personally don't try and adjust how I manage my money based on what decisions the government MIGHT make, but I also am fairly young so don't quite have the heightened concerns regarding social security others might have. I've pretty much always lived and invested assuming it wasn't going to be there at all by the time I retire.
I really don't see where you've done that sufficiently, to be honest. Again, people work together to build great things entirely for non-altruistic reasons. Personal achievement is not an altruistic driver, its exactly the opposite. Its greed.  The fact that one would stick around to fulfill his need for personal achievement is only evidence that this person percieves the future pay out to be high.  What I'm guessing you'd like is a system based on arbitrarily assigned moral brownie points. Am I correct in assuming that?
"Yes, you could buy a stock on the day of its IPO. I'm a college student, and I wonder if I can buy stock from a company   right after it finishes its IPO? Yes, you can. However, unless you are friends or family of an employee, chances are you'll be paying a higher price than you think as there is generally a fair bit of hype on most  IPOs that allows some people to ""flip them"" which means someone is buying at a higher price. If I am not allowed to buy its stocks immediately after they go on   sell, how long do I have to wait? Generally I'd wait until the hype dies down as if you look at most historical IPOs the stock could be bought cheaper later but that's just my perspective. And also who are allowed to buy the stocks at the first minute they   are on sell? Anyone but keep in mind that while an IPO may be priced at $x, the initial trades may be a few times that value and the stock may come down over time. Facebook could be an example to consider of a company that had an IPO at one price and then came down for a little while on its chart over the past couple of years."
In a nutshell...in order to file for Chapter 9 bankruptcy, the city or county first has to actually be insolvent, the state has to give authorization for the city or county to file, and the city or county must have made an attempt to negotiate with creditors (bondholders, pensioners etc). Once those conditions are met, and they must be specifically met, the city or county files the bankruptcy petition and the automatic stay typically goes into effect shortly after. This stay basically allows the municipality to stop making payments on some of their obligations throughout the course of the bankruptcy case. Chapter 9 bankruptcies are usually very protracted, and very expensive. So fast forward a year or two, the creditors that are owed money have all been assigned to different classes by the bankruptcy court, with each class getting a specific recovery based on the type of creditor. The city or county has the sole right to propose a plan of reorganization. Some debts, such as a bond backed specifically by revenues generated by a sales tax, are usually considered special revenues and secured...those bondholders will have first priority on those revenues pledged to them throughout the bankruptcy process and are usually unimpaired. Other creditors, such as general obligation bondholders or employee pension plans, are usually considered unsecured and will not receive their contractually obligated payments during the bankruptcy process, and will likely have to take a haircut on the principal amount they are owed by the city or county. The municipality must be solvent in order to advance the plan of reorganization and exit the bankruptcy process, so quite often employee contracts are adjusted, services will be reduced, pension and OPEB promises to retired workers will be curtailed, and bonded debt is reduced to a manageable level. It's not pretty, and it is very expensive.
I own less than 1BTC, and I think this is a bubble about to burst but it could go either way. After all, a small purchase of bitcoins three years ago paid for my brand new Toyota Sequoia this summer. You never know.
Bitcoins are very liquid.  They can be sold or spent very easily.  And you don't depend on the banks being solvent to keep your Bitcoin funds, since you can keep them yourself in an offline wallet. I'm not sure what's the legality of Bitcoin in Russia, though.
Oh yeah, it's SUCH a pain in the ass. /s  People just want things to be done for them. It took me all of 10 minutes to set up a new USAA checking/savings account last week, and another 10 online with a BofA rep to close down my account.
Google Adwords, they really push local.  Set up a simple Wordpress blog and set up calls as conversions.  It should get you customers for just a few bucks per click.    Word of warning, Adwords can be costly if you don't know what you are doing.  Message me if you wanna know more.
Try ThinkOrSwim by TDAmeritrade. It allows you to paper trade with a powerful trading platform. There's also a mobile app so you can trade on the go. Good luck!
maybe everyone who has responded needs to look closer at the income base repayment plan for student loans. What this means is he payment does not even cover his interest rate so each month he makes his payment the loan grows, does not decrease. This is not a simple interest loan which is irritating because car dealerships do not even use a non-simple interest loan any longer. So, well your suggestions are well intended what is your suggestion now knowing that his monthly payments is not reducing his loan but actually his loan is growing exponentially each month. I also like the comment where the average student loan is $30,000, I would like to know in what state that is. That may work for a community college or a student who is reliant on parents to supplement their income so they can go to classes, however for someone who is working and going to school that person must opt out for night classes and online classes which definitely increases the cost of your classes. Right now the cost per credit hour is in the $550- 585 range.
Yes, and there's a good reason they might. (I'm gonna use equity options for the example; FX options are my thing, but they typically trade European style). The catch is dividends.  Imagine you're long a deep-ITM call on a stock that's about to pay a dividend. If that dividend is larger than the time value remaining on the option, you'd prefer to exercise early - giving you the stock and the dividend payment - rather than hanging on to the time value of the option.  You can get a similar situation in FX options when you're long a deep-ITM American call on a positive-carry currency (say AUDJPY); you might find yourself so deep in the money, with so little time value left on the option, that you'd rather exercise the option and give up the remaining time value in return for the additional carry from getting the spot position early.
We offer our players a wide range of many luxury casino games, including the latest releases and those designed exclusively for GD2 ONE players. Whether it's the premium online slots or the exclusive online casino malaysia tables that will fascinate you, we have everything more than controlled. Would you like to be able to win one of the largest accumulated prizes available online but with very low wagering requirements? If so, you're in the right place! In GD2 ONE we have so many slot games with extraordinary jackpots that you will not know which to choose in your quest for the dream boat.
"The government forced JPM to buy Bear Stearns (essentially acquire its assets) otherwise the bank's liquidity would have faltered, which would have threatened the entire system (basically Bear Stearns couldn't service its own loans or leverage so it had to be bought otherwise those loans and leverage would appear as a default). Consequently the US government gave them the money to do it and forced them to do so, without regard to what JPM wanted to do. The government, the Treasury and the Fed then proceeded to attack JPM for being ""too big to fail,"" something that the government literally forced it to become. I'm not a banking apologist or a crazy libertarian (I would vote democrat if I lived in the US) but this is NOT accurate. The purchase of Bear Stearns was forced. It would've made more sense for JPM to just let Bear Stearns fail.  Following your analogy, it's actually more like you already having a million dollar house, while the government forces you to take money to purchase the derelict house across the street, while leaving you with the bill for amalgamating your properties into one huge estate. Then, the government tells you your property is too big, that you are a threat to the neighbourhood and have to subdivide all over again."
"Let me see if I can restate your question: are speculative investments more volatile (subject to greater spikes and drops in pricing) than are more long-term investments which are defined by the predictability of their dividend returns? The short answer is: yes.  However, where it gets complicated is in deciding whether something is a speculative investment. Take your example of housing.  People who buy a house as an investment either choose to rent it out (so receive ""rent"" as ""dividend"") or live in it (foregoing dividends).  Either way, the scale of the investment is large and this is often the only direct investment that people manage themselves.  For this reason houses are bound up in the sentimental value people attach to a home, the difficulty of uprooting and moving elsewhere in search of cheaper housing or better employment, or the sunk cost of debt that can't be recovered by a fire-sale.  Such inertia can lead to sudden sell-offs as critical inflection points are reached (such as hoped-for economic improvements fail to materialise and cash needs become critical). At different levels that is true of just about every investment. Driving price-volatility is the ease of sale and the trade-offs involved.  A share that offers regular and dependable dividends, even if its absolute value falls, is going to be hung on to more frequently than those shares that suffer a similar decline but only offer a capital gain.  For the latter, the race is on to sell before the drop neutralises any remaining capital gain the investor may have experienced. A house with a good tenant or a share with stable dividends will be kept in preference for the quick cash-return of selling an asset that offers no such ongoing returns. This would result, visually, in more eratic curves for ""speculative"" shares while more stable shares are characterised by periods of stability interspersed with moments of mania. But I have to take your query further, since you provide graphical evidence to support your thesis.  Your charts combine varying time-scales, different sample rates and different scales (one of which is even a log scale).  It becomes impossible to draw any sort of meaningful micro-comparison unless they're all presented using exactly the same criteria."
Yes, work ethic is the key element.   I too hate to be negative but they have taken me on a couple run-a-rounds that were not pleasant.   The key is to micro-manage in an open room in cross-functional teams. The right hand feeds the left. Treating them like Americans works w/o raising salary by taking them to strip clubs or other entertainment that stimulates. But it's not easy.
"I agree with Grade 'Eh' Bacon's answer, but there are a couple of ideas that are relevant to your particular situation: If I were you, I would invest at least half of the cash in growth ETFs because you're young enough that market variability doesn't affect you and long term growth is important. The rest should be invested in safer investments (value and dividend ETFs, bonds, cash) so that you have something to live off in the near term. You said you wanted to invest ethically.  The keyword to search is ""socially responsible ETFs"".  There are many, and if this is important to you, you'll have to read their prospectus to find one that matches your ethics. Since you're American, the way I understand it, you need to file taxes on income; selling stocks at a gain is income.  You want to make sure that as your stocks appreciate, you sell some every year and immediately rebuy them so that you pay a small tax bill every year rather than one huge tax bill 20 years from now.  Claiming about $20600 of capital gains every year would be tax free assuming you are not earning any other money.  I would claim a bit more in years where you make a lot. You can mitigate your long term capital gains tax exposure by opening a Roth IRA and maxing that out.  Capital gains in the Roth IRA are not taxable.  Even if you don't have income from working, you can have some income if you invest in stocks that pay dividends, which would allow you to contribute to a Roth IRA. You should figure where you're going to be living because you will want to minimize the currency risk of having your money in USD while you're living abroad.  If the exchange rate were to change by a lot, you might find yourself a lot poorer.  There are various hedging strategies, but the easiest one is to invest some of your money in securities of the country you'll be living in. You should look into how you'll be converting money into the foreign currency.  There are sometimes way of minimizing the spread when converting large amounts of money, e.g., Norbert's gambit.  Shaving off 1.5% when exchanging $100k saves $1500."
There are many types of bows available to buy, so how do you choose the right one for you? You're lucky because you've come to the right place! We have compiled this huge resource of composite sheet reviews to help you make the decision on which sheet is the best composite sheet for you. So, before buying this bow, let's give you some buying tips and where you can get the best bow made up for the money. In this guide, we will give you a guide on how to select the composite sheet that is right for you. Whether you want to use the bow for target shooting or hunting, we provide detailed bow compound comments, so you're ready to pick the right bow for you!
"I use TIAA-Cref for my 403(b) and Fidelity for my solo 401(k) and IRAs.  I have previously used Vanguard and have also used other discount brokers for my IRA. All of these companies will charge you nothing for an IRA, so there's really no point in comparing cost in that respect.  They are all the ""cheapest"" in this respect. Each one will allow you to purchase their mutual funds and those of their partners for free.  They will charge you some kind of fee to invest in mutual funds of their competitors (like $35 or something).  So the real question is this: which of these institutions offers the best mutual and index funds.  While they are not the worst out there, you will find that TIAA-Cref are dominated by both Vanguard and Fidelity.  The latter two offer far more and larger funds and their funds will always have lower expense ratios than their TIAA-Cref equivalent.  If I could take my money out of TIAA-Cref and put it in Fidelity, I'd do so right now. BTW, you may or may not want to buy individual stocks or ETFs in your account.  Vanguard will let you trade their ETFs for free, and they have lots.  For other ETFs and stocks you will pay $7 or so (depends on your account size).  Fidelity will give you free trades in the many iShares ETFs and charge you $5 for other trades.  TIAA-Cref will not give you any free ETFs and will charge you $8 per trade. Each of these will give you investment advice for free, but that's about what it's worth as well.  The quality of the advice will depend on who picks up the phone, not which institution you use.  I would not make a decision based on this."
Looking at your dates, I think I see a pattern.  It appears that your statement closing date is always 17 business days before the last business day of the month.  For example, if you start at May 31 and start counting backwards, skipping Saturdays, Sundays, and May 30 (Memorial Day), you'll see that May 5 is 17 business days before May 31.  I cannot explain why Bank of America would do this.  If you ask them, let us know what they say. If it bothers you, find another bank.  I do most of my banking (checking, savings, etc.) with a local credit union. Their statements end on the last day of the month, every month without fail. (Very nice, in my opinion.) I have two credit cards with nationally known banks, and although those statements end in the middle of the month, they are consistently on the same date every month. (One of them is on the 13th; the other date I can't recall right now.) You are right, a computer does the work, and your statement date should be able to fall on a weekend without trouble. Even when these were assembled by hand, the statement date could still be on a weekend, and they just wouldn't write it up until the following Monday.  You should be able to find another bank or credit union that does this.
"First off, you generally want to park your emergency fund somewhere that is ""safe"", meaning something that is not subject to market fluctuations.  Your emergency fund is something you need to be able to count on when times are tough!  That rules out things like stock market investments. Secondly, you need to think about how quickly you will need access to the money.  If you have an emergency, odds are you don't want to be waiting around for weeks/months/years for the money to become available.  This rules out most fixed-term investments (Bonds, traditional CDs, etc). If you are concerned that you will need near-instant access to your emergency money, then you probably want to keep it in a Savings or Money Market Account at the same bank as your checking account.  Most banks will let you transfer money between local accounts instantly. Unfortunately, your local bank probably has pitiful interest rates for the Savings/MMA, far below the inflation rate.  This means your money will slowly lose value over time.  Be prepared to keep contributing to it! For most people, being able to draw the cash from your fund within a few days (<1 week) is sufficient.  Worst case, you charge something on your credit card, and then pay down the card when the emergency fund withdrawal arrives. If ""money within a few days"" is okay for you, there are a few options: Money Market (Mutual) Funds (not to be confused with a Money Market Account) - This is the traditional place to keep an emergency fund.  These are investment funds you can buy with a brokerage account.  An example of such a fund would be Fidelity Cash Reserves.  MMFs are not FDIC insured, so they are not exactly zero risk.  However, they are considered extremely safe.  They almost never go down in value (only a few times in the past few decades), and when they have, the fund manager or the Federal Govt stepped in to restore the value.  They usually offer slightly better return than a local savings account, and are available in taxable and non-taxable varieties. Online High-Yield Savings or Money Market Account - These are a relatively new invention.  It's basically a the same thing as what your local bank offers, but it's online-only.  No local branch means low overhead, so they offer higher interest rates (2.0% vs 0.5% for your local bank).  Some of them used to be over 5% before the economy tanked.  Like your local bank, it is FDIC insured. One bit of caution:  Some of these accounts have become ""gimmicky"" lately.  They have started to do things like promo rates for a few months, only offering the high interest rate on the first few $K deposited, limiting the amount that can be withdrawn, etc.  Be sure to read the details before you open an account! No-Penalty CDs - Certificates of Deposit usually offer a better rate than a Savings Account, but your money is locked up until the CD term is up (e.g. 36 months).  If you need to cash out before then, you pay a penalty.  Some banks have begun to offer CDs that you can cash out with no penalty at all.  These can offer better rates than the savings account.  Make sure it really is no-penalty though.  Also watch what your options are for slowly adding money over time.  This can be an issue if you want to deposit $100 from every paycheck. Rewards Checking Accounts - These are checking accounts that will pay a relatively high interest rate (3% or more) provided you generate enough activity.  Most of them will have requirements like you must have direct deposit setup with them, and you must do a minimum number of debit card transactions from the account per month.  If you can stay on top of the requirements, these can be a great deal.  If you don't stay on top of it, your interest rate usually drops back to something pitiful, though. Personally, we use the Online High-Yield Savings Account for our emergency fund.  I'm not going to make a specific recommendation as to which bank to use.  The best deal changes almost week to week.  Instead, I will say to check out Bankrate.com for a list of savings accounts and CDs that you can sort.  The Bank Deals blog is a good place to follow rate changes."
The All Ords Index consists of the 500 largest companies by market capitalisation listed on the Australia Stock Exchange.  Each stock in the All Ords. Index is given a weighting based on its market capitalisation. As the price of the stocks within the All Ords. Index change, so does the points on the index itself.  The Index is more sensitive to changes in the larger capitalised stocks due to their larger weighting in the Index. Example: If a company has a weighting of 10% and its price goes up by 10%, and all other stocks in the Index don't go up or down, then this will cause the All Ords Index to go up by 1% (10% of 10%).
Sorry, it appears not, according to http://www.nysscpa.org/cpajournal/2008/508/perspectives/p12.htm: ...and the election to make Roth 401(k) contributions (these are after-tax contributions) is irrevocable.  Fairmark says the same thing. PS, don't complain too loudly, given the reason for the problem. :)
But not until we have shipped the last manufacturing job left in America there and then wondered why we did all that packing up and shipping over and training and learning new language and moving the family to Hong Kong and hating it there...only to make themselves look like heros by coming back from whence they never should have left.
Have you ever noticed the fries in Canada taste so much better than the fries in the USA?   I believe it has to do with Canada's restriction on lard use or something, but I find fries at Canadian McDonald's to be so damned good...
"There are no guarantees in the stock market. The index fund can send you a prospectus which shows what their results have been over the past decade or so, or you can find that info on line, but ""past results are not a guarantee of future performance"". Returns and risk generally trade off against each other; trying for higher than average results requires accepting higher than usual risk, and you need to decide which types of investments, in what mix, balance those in a way you are comfortable with. Reinvested dividends are exactly the same concept as compounded interest in a bank account. That is, you get the chance to earn interest on the interest, and then interest on the interest on the interest; it's a (slow) exponential growth curve, not just linear. Note that this applies to any reinvestment of gains, not just automatic reinvestment back into the same fund -- but automatic reinvestment is very convenient as a default. This is separate from increase in value due to growth in value of the companies. Yes, you will get a yearly report with the results, including the numbers needed for your tax return. You will owe income tax on any dividends or sales of shares. Unless the fund is inside a 401k or IRA, it's just normal property and you can sell or buy shares at any time and in any amount. Of course the advantage of investing through those special retirement accounts is advantageous tax treatment, which is why they have penalties if you use the money before retirement. Re predicting results: Guesswork and rule of thumb and hope that past trends continue a bit longer. Really the right answer is not to try to predict precise numbers, but to make a moderately conservative guess, hope you do at least that well, and be delighted if you do better... And to understand that you can lose value, and that losses often correct themselves if you can avoid having to sell until prices have recovered. You can, of course, compute historical results exactly, since you know how much you put in when, how much you took out when, and how much is in the account now. You can either look at how rate of return varied over time, or just compute an average rate of return; both approaches can be useful when trying to compare one fund against another... I get an approximate version of this reported by my financial management software, but mostly ignore it except for amusement and to reassure myself that things are behaving approximately as expected. (As long as I'm outperforming what I need to hit my retirement goals, I'm happy enough and unwilling to spend much more time on it... and my plans were based on fairly conservative assumptions.) If you invest $3k, it grows at whatever rate it grows, and ten years later you have $3k+X. If you then invest another $10k, you now have $3k+X+10k, all of which grows at whatever rate the fund now grows. When you go to sell shares or fractional shares, your profit has to be calculated based on when those specific shares were purchased and how much you paid for them versus when they were sold and how much you sold them for; this is a more annoying bit of record keeping and accounting than just reporting bank account interest, but many/most brokerages and investment banks will now do that work for you and report it at the end of the year for your taxes, as I mentioned."
In a nutshell, not really.  That's the risk you take when you co-sign for someone.  The lender only made the loan because of the strength of your brother's credit, not your mother's, so his reputation (in the form of his credit rating) is going to take the hit because of his mother's behaviors. The one thing he can do is this:  The credit bureaus allow you to add a comment or explanation to your credit file which may be helpful, provided potential creditors read it, which is never a guarantee.  It's worth trying though, so suggest to him to look into it. Here's a link for him/you/anyone to look at that can help explain how this works and what effects it can have: Adding a comment to your credit file for negative items I hope this helps. Good luck!
Everything on Earth can go wrong. Including, god forbids, your MIL being hit by a bus the next day and your ex inheriting all of her belongings and none of her promises to you. This is a bad idea. What I would suggest doing would be for your MIL to buy your ex a cheap and simple clunker to move herself around without you being ever involved. If you still want to go into this adventure, I'd advise to do these things: A written contract with MIL that details all the terms and agreements. Cover the potential unfortunate events like the one I made up in the first sentence. A written contract with your ex about how and when she can use your car. Insurance to cover all the potential damages and liabilities she can cause, in your name, with her as additional insured. Be ready to bear all the costs associated with the car. You're not a co-signer in this scenario - you're the only signer. The dealership will come after you and you alone.
"&gt;Generally-speaking, I'm not particularly enthusiastic about strictly seniority-based pay and strictly seniority-based firing; it doesn't seem to make a tremendous amount of sense.  It wasn't supposed to ""make sense"" -- just as with other political things, the older, longer term members tend to participate more in union activities (having a significantly more *vested* interest); and medium term members can easily look forward to the day (not too far off) when they too will be in the position of seniority -- it is an inherently biased system.  Any pressures to end the seniority-based system are coming from outside the unions and -- bar an influx of a demographic ""bulge"" of new teachers of high-merit (which is unlikely) -- the unions are likely to continue to oppose any change (as they have so desperately tried in Wisconsin)."
The salary of a coal miner with a couple years of experience is $29/hour. Average salary at Disneyland is $14/hr.   Thousands of products are made from coal including pharmaceuticals, soap, dyes, solvents, plastics, nylon, and carbon fibers. Miners would still be needed even if coal wasn't used for energy.
"You could not have two stocks both at $40, both with P/E 2, but one an EPS of $5 and the other $10.  EPS = Earnings Per Share P/E = Price per share/Earnings Per Share So, in your example, the stock with EPS of $5 has a P/E of 8, and the stock with an EPS of $10 has a P/E of 4.  So no, it's not valid way of looking at things, because your understanding of EPS and P/E is incorrect. Update: Ok, with that fixed, I think I understand your question better. This isn't a valid way of looking at P/E. You nailed one problem yourself at the end of the post: The tricky part is that you have to assume certain values remain   constant, I suppose But besides that, it still doesn't work. It seems to make sense in the context of investor psychology: if a stock is ""supposed to"" trade at a low P/E, like a utility, that it would stay at that low P/E, and thus a $1 worth of EPS increase would result in lower $$ price increase than a stock that was ""supposed to"" have a high P/E. And that would be true. But let's game it out: Scenario Say you have two stocks, ABC and XYZ. Both have $5 EPS. ABC is a utility, so it has a low P/E of 5, and thus trades at $25/share. XYZ is a high flying tech company, so it has a P/E of 10, thus trading at $50/share. If both companies increase their EPS by $1, to $6, and the P/Es remain the same, that means company ABC rises to $30, and company XYZ rises to $60. Hey! One went up $5, and the other $10, twice as much! That means XYZ was the better investment, right? Nope. You see, shares are not tokens, and you don't get an identical, arbitrary number of them. You make an investment, and that's in dollars. So, say you'd invested $1,000 in each. $1,000 in ABC buys you 40 shares. $1,000 in XYZ buys you 20 shares. Their EPS adds that buck, the shares rise to maintain P/E, and you have: ABC: $6 EPS at P/E 5 = $30/share. Position value = 40 shares x $30/share = $1,200 XYZ: $6 EPS at P/E 10 = $60/share. Position value = 20 shares x $60/share = $1,200 They both make you the exact same 20% profit. It makes sense when you think about it this way: a 20% increase in EPS is going to give you a 20% increase in price if the P/E is to remain constant. It doesn't matter what the dollar amount of the EPS or the share price is."
Borrowing money to pay living expenses will not last long. Also, banks and credit card agencies are very expert at detecting people who try to live off of debt (as you might expect) and they will cut you off completely as soon as they figure out what you are doing. As a general rule, if you go six months without paying a credit card or bank loan, you will be totally cut off from all sources of borrowing for at least 10 years and all your debt will be sold to collection agencies that will then start harassing you. Some collectors will sue you in a court of law and try to seize any assets you have, like a car. It is critical you find a source of income immediately.
Great that you have WhatsApp - but make sure you can communicate with the tourists who have never heard of WhatsApp.   Just like you are on Reddit now, you know to use what tourists are using. The same is true for messaging.   Most western tourists are not going to have WhatsApp - tourists from Japan will have LINE and Americans, Europeans, and other Asians will have Facebook Messenger or iMessage (iPhone), Chinese tourists will use Baidu.   Get an account on the service your customer uses - though using messenger requires a smartphone and iMessage requires an iPhone.
However, we would also like to include on our budget the actual cost of the furniture when we buy it. That would be double-counting.  When it's time to buy the new kit, just pay for it directly from savings and then deduct that amount from the Furniture Cash asset that you'd been adding to every month.
Biopharmaceutical plants are defined according to various technological based models. However, in simple language biopharmaceutical plants are defined as the plants that produce pharmaceutical products using biotechnological concepts. Firstly, these were called as pharmaceuticals but in reality these are only the subsets of pharmaceuticals that include all the medicines with biological and chemical origins as they work with genes and recombinant proteins.
As do other states. The state and national debts are created by big government politicians. Such as bloated civil services, pension funds, more borrowing instead of fiscally responsible. The USA federal gov keeps trillions of shadow debt off its books and downplays the actual unemployment rate.
Come here expecting misogynist remarks.  Not disappointed.  When a dude can spit a watermelon through his pecker and return to work 3 months later, while said watermelon allows him to have no sleep, I will care about their expectations.
Took it early in the Spring, got a 98th percentile. Got about 20 requests for my resume since then, but no responses back after I released it. Most of the firms asking for my resume were undisclosed.  Test is really easy. You are probably going to be surprised by how well you will do. I would take it, maybe you will have more luck than me in getting responses.
I think I understand what you are saying. What I am confused about is the gov decision to give the $5 subsidy is because they believe the ppl that qualify for the subsidy are not able to meet the $10 price point, so then more ppl are able to pay that price. If the gov was giving ppl the subsidy that can afford to pay the $10 than I completely understand s price hike, but raising the price simply due to the existence of a subsidy certain ppl qualify for, just leaves us back to square one right?   On a side note, this is the major reason I am leaning more toward socialized medicine because those Econ theories (subsidy increasing prices) work for typical markets of goods and services ppl can walk away from. The thing is that you can't walk away from health care. I work in medicine and from my experience most ppl working in the field aren't there for just making $$. Investors for sure are there for only that, but I just don't see a pure capitalistic model giving us better health outcomes.
"I don't know about that, how would anyone ever get loans? Of course I might just be limited to ""in the box"" thinking of the idea that we even need loans to facilitate the economy. I think maybe 90% reserves 10% lending or some other mix other than right now its currently law (in the US) that banks hold only 10% of the money in accounts as reserve while they can lend out 90%. I don't think it was ever intended to keep eroding like it has to the point where its 1:9 savings:loaned ."
A SWIFT code helps but it is not always necessary. In the early 2000s I worked in Hong Kong.  All a Hong Kong bank needed to wire money to the USA was the ABA number, which was the check routing number from the bottom of a US check, the bank account number, and the name on the destination account.
"Some features to be aware of are: How you prioritize these features will depend on your specific circumstances.  For instance, if your credit score is poor, you may have to choose among cards you can get with that score, and not have much choice on other dimensions.  If you frequently travel abroad, a low or zero foreign transaction fee may be important; if you never do, it probably doesn't matter.  If you always pay the balance in full, interest rate is less important than it is if you carry a balance.  If you frequently travel by air, an airline card may be useful to you; if you don't, you may prefer some other kind of rewards, or cash back. Cards differ along numerous dimensions, especially in the ""extra benefits"" area, which is often the most difficult area to assess, because in many cases you can't get a full description of these extra benefits until after you get the card.  A lot of the choice depends on your personal preferences (e.g., whether you want airline miles, rewards points of some sort, or cash back).  Lower fees and interest rates are always better, but it's up to you to decide if a higher fee of some sort outweighs the accompanying benefits (e.g., a better rewards rate).  A useful site for finding good offers is NerdWallet."
The bullshit here is people reposting this without reading what NASA fucking said. They didn't say anything about her being a crackpot and selling junk. They contradicted a statement claiming it has a material 'just like NASA spacesuits' that they do not use.
PPC, better known as pay-per-click, is a web model wherein the advertisers pay a certain fees to the firm, every time their ad is clicked. PPC services, Noida, constitutes a major part of digital marketing services. If you are looking forward to book PPC services Noida, you must look for the above-mentioned advantages in order to hire the best firm like http://www.redwebraising.com/payper-click.php.
2.5 months. Male, 200 lbs., 5'10. over 10,000 steps a day, soda drinker, Wax, yes a lot. The only other reason I can think of is I have kidney issues. I have quit multiple of times and it has always taken me a very long time to piss out my system.
"FYI, just found this (https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/useragreement-full#8) ""8.9 Currency Conversion Currency Conversion 2.5% added to the exchange rate The Currency Conversion spread applies whenever a currency conversion is required to complete your transaction. The exchange rate is determined by a financial institution and is adjusted regularly based on market conditions. Adjustments may be applied immediately and without notice to you. When your payment is funded by a debit or credit card and requires a currency conversion, you consent to and authorize PayPal to convert the currency in place of your debit or credit card issuer. You have the right to have your card issuer perform the currency conversion and can choose this option during checkout on your transaction review page before you complete the transaction."" 2.5%!! Can this be true?"
Here is what I did and what I sent to my daughter...   Here is how to freeze your credit with the three reporting companies.  1.  TransUnion (easiest and free). Go to https://freeze.transunion.com. If the site is down, you may have to try later (like late at night). You will have to register on the site to do this. I think on this one you need to also give them your previous address. 2. Equifax (not so easy, but works online), costs $10 [note your cost may vary depending on your State]. Go to https://www.freeze.equifax.com. You will have to register. I think this the one does not require the previous address (because you have been in at our location for more than 2 years) even though there is a section for it.  3. Experian (toughest one to get done, website is currently broken), costs $10 [note your cost may vary depending on your State].  You will need to do it by phone (takes 12-15 mins to get through the menus). Call 888-397-3742. Note there are LONG silent periods, so do not hang up. If they do disconnect you, it should be right at the beginning, and you just have to call back. You will need to have your credit card number ready to enter at the end (and you need to key in the digits fairly quickly, do not pause once you start entering them), and it will ask for a four-digit expiration date (for example, Aug 2019 is 0819) on the card.
&gt;Well, the one variable you're forgetting is that we didn't have as much debt hanging over our heads as we do now.   You're right, [they had more.](http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/mt/assets/business/assets_c/2011/04/Debt%20Ceiling%20Ratio%20to%20GDP%20History-thumb-570x314-49340.png)   &gt;Are you sure that the Federal government should undertake that level of spending again as the Fed is poised to raise rates, reversing a decades long trend of cheap borrowing?  I'm am suggesting that there is level of government fiscal contribution that could lead to fuller employment.
Also, does anyone know of any books on doing this sort of thing, i.e. renting out half of your home to a tenant and living in the ret? Head down to your local library. Mine has a state guide for renters and another one for landlords. There will likely be a lot of Nolo Press books around there too.  You can also research the property tax on a lot; many counties run an arcGIS server that will tell you who owns a given property, what the assessed value is and the total tax bill, etc.
Heh, *holdouts.*  How about the *former users* who just don't want to play in the walled garden with its privacy problems, lack of authenticity, and novelty.  The value proposition, for me, proved to not be worth the hassle.  Facebook is an interesting platform, in theory, I just got bored with it.  **Social networking burn-out, perhaps?**
How much can I save? Depends on inflation and what other investment opportunities you have. It could end up costing you millions. Can I pay $12,000 extra once a year or $1000 every month - which option is better?  It depends on how risk adverse you are.  The first option does sound better, but for a 30 year mortgage, is it that significant? How much of your time is it going to cost you to do it every month? What is keeping you from doing it every day? How much is your time worth to you. Giving the bank its money sooner is always better than giving it it's money from a saving interest perspective. When is the best time to pay?  See above.
Of course they are. How else are you supposed to keep people in check who can see how fucked up the system is and want to change it?  You [yoke them with debt](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/c9/Charging_Bull_statue.jpg) and have them pull your economic empire forward, while pocketing the profits.
Assuming that your friend is residing in India, any money that he returns to you cannot be deposited into your NRE (NonResident External) account; it must go into your NRO (NonResident Ordinary) account. You don't have an NRO account, only ordinary savings accounts in India that you established before leaving the country and becoming an NRI (NonResident Indian) ? Well, you are in violation of FEMA regulations and need to convert all those ordinary savings accounts into NRO accounts as soon as possible. Your bank will help you in doing this (by letting you hold ordinary accounts while you have NRI status, the bank too is in violation of FEMA regulations). With regard to taxation, unless you have created a paper trail by documenting the money sent to the builder as a loan to your friend, the entire amount (less INR 50,000 exemption) that your friend will return to you will be considered a gift from your friend to you, and it will be taxable income to you in India, and possibly taxable income to you in your country of residence, though there may be tax treaties that will let you pay taxes in one country only. If you do have a paper trail, then only the excess of what your friend returns to you is interest income to you; the bulk is just repayment of the loan principal, and is nontaxable. If you are residing in the US, I do hope that you have reported the fact that you had foreign bank account(s) totaling more than US$10K in value to the IRS and the US Treasury as per FBAR regulations; because if not, you have many more tax issues to worry about. The fines for not filing these reports are onerous.
"Assuming a price is set on an free market there are particular difficulties to pricing. A free market is one where the price is entirely determined by the willingness of people to buy and sell at a particular price point. What you perceive as price, is actually the ""tick"", i.e. the quote of the last transaction. The first and most serious major obstacle to pricing is a variation of the prisoners dilemma, a psychological phenomenon. For instance, bitcoin might be worth 4$ now, but you believe it will be worth 5$ in 3 days. Will you buy bitcoin? If acting only on your conviction, yes. But what if you consider what other people will do? Will others believe bitcoin will be worth 5$ in 3 days? Will they act on their conviction? Will the others believe that others believe that it wil be worth 5$ in 3 days, and will the others believe that the others who believe will act on their conviction? Will the others believe that others believe of still others who believe that they will act on their conviction? It goes on like this ad-infinitum. The actual behavior of any individual on the market is essentially chaotic and unpredictable (for the reason stated above and others). This is related to a phenomenon you call market efficiency. An efficient market always reflects the optimal price-point at any given time. If that is so, then you cannot win on this market, because at the time you would have to realize a competitive edge, everybody else has already acted on that information. Markets are not 100% efficient of course. But modern electronic markets can be very, very efficient (as say compared to stock markets fro 100 years ago, where you could get a competitive edge just by having access to a fast courier). What makes matters rather more difficult for price forecasting is that not only are humans engaging in the market, machines are as well. The machines may not be terribly good at what they do, but they are terribly fast. The machines that work well (i.e. don't loose much) will survive, and the ones that don't will die in short order. Since speed is one of the major benefits of the machines over humans, they tend to make markets even more efficient. Another phenomenon to price forecasting is that of information and entropy. Suppose you found a reliable method to predict a market at a given time. You act on this information and indeed you make a profit. The profit you will be able to achieve will diminish over time until it reaches zero or reverts. The reason for this is that you acted on private information, which you leaked out by engaging in a trade. The more successful you are in exploiting your forecast, the better you train every other market participant to react to their losses. Since for every trade you make successfully, there has to be somebody who lost. People or machines who lose on markets usually exit those markets in some fashion. So even if the other participants are not adjusting their behavior, your success is weeding out those with the wrong behavior. Yet another difficulty in pricing forecasts are black-swan events. Since information can have a huge impact on pricing, the sudden appearance of new information can throw a conservative forecast completely off the rails and incur huge losses (or huge unexpected benefits). You cannot quantify black-swan events in any shape or form. It is my belief that you cannot predict efficient and well working markets. You might be able to predict some very sub-optimal markets, but usually, hedge-funds are always on the hunt for inefficient markets to exploit, so by simple decree of market economics, the inefficient markets tend to be a perpetually dying species."
I'll check them out   I'll ask though that he seems, from your synopsis to be criticizing how those in developed, 1st world, nations (especially educated it seems) to how these discrepancies came about but I didn't see anything about why they did. Why isn't it that educated Africans are ignorant as to why they are thriving while destitute white nations are not.   Chimps may pick better stocks but we aren't living under their rule. Educated people can certainly get things wrong but the overall culture and society they produce is far superior as evidenced but their success vs the lack thereof for African ones.   I don't see how South Korea falls into this? How is that analogous. Also not understanding how low growth and exploding populations in poor nations bolsters your argument.
There is no tax liability for your brother in India as under gift tax,t there is no cap on amount. The transaction may be taxable to you in US, as there is a limit of USD 14000 per year per person.
You're kidding right?  The only thing it will do is make the companies more aggressive in railroading the ones that make workers comp claims.  Or donate more to conservative pols.  Etc.  Read a little on union history and mining industry.  Investors and management are completely hostile to workers.
&gt; but why would select Applebee's if you are longing for a steak?   In all seriousness? Because it's already 7:30, and you live in BFE, Flyover Country, and it's an hour's drive to anywhere nice. Because it's your ten year old's birthday, and he wants to take a half dozen friends out for his party, and none of them know any better. Because you're still getting paid 1997 wages on a 2017 cost of living. Because your mom raised you on a strict diet of Marie Callendar's and Hot Pockets, and you don't know any better than to pay steak prices for shitty sirloin. Because your girlfriend's mom also raised on her on shit food, and she makes yuck-faces at places where they put things like horseradish sauce, and rare prime rib, and roasted asparagus on the table. Because your five-year-old is just barely housebroken enough to eat in a restaurant without a built-in playground, and the odds of getting an hour of good behavior go up dramatically when you can bribe her with chicken nuggets, ketchup, macaroni and a Shirley Temple.
Transferring money you own from one place to another pretty much never has tax implications. It might have other implications, including requirement to report it. Being a US citizen has tax implications, including the requirement to file US tax forms for the rest of eternity.
I don't know if I ever plan to retire, and I am fine with that. However, I would like to be financially secure enough to be able to do enjoyable part-time work or freelance work instead of having to worry about maintaining a career into my golden years. I just want to keep working to keep my mind and body sharp and not be isolated from society.
I'm not aware of any digital cable boxes that you can just buy, call the cable company and give them the MAC address and it will work, like with a cable modem. But any cable box that supports CableCard will probably work with Comcast. You still have to rent the cable card, which is generally several dollars a month.
While I agree with your point that 'we are progressively turning into a low wage country,' the rest of the article is talking about how restaurant and hotel worker positions *aren't* being filled because (presumably, lol) those people who would normally work there are instead finding 'better' jobs.   The article is not talking about how those service jobs are good in themselves, but how the availability of them is a good sign 'because of the implication.'  But yes, of course we are 'turning into' a low wage country. That's how the system works.
As BobbyScon said in the comments, invest in a company that is developing in that field. Or invest in a company which supplies that field. The people who got rich in the California gold rush were those selling shovels and other miners' supplies. Or bet against whatever you think this will displace. If automobiles are the hot new thing, it might be a bad time to invest in harness leather. Or ... figure out how else it might impact the economy and invest appropriately. But you have to do that evaluation yourself. Or ignore it and stick with your existing strategy, which should have been diversified enough to deliver reasonable results whether this sector takes off or not. Remember that if someone gives you a free tip, they are probably just hoping to pump up the value of their own stock rather than help you.
#####&amp;#009;  ######&amp;#009;  ####&amp;#009;  [**History of banking**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History%20of%20banking): [](#sfw)   ---  &gt;The __history of banking__ begins with the first prototype [banks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank) of [merchants](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merchant) of the ancient world, which made [grain loans](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loan) to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities. This began around 2000 BC in [Assyria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assyria) and [Babylonia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Babylonia). Later, in [ancient Greece](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Greece) and during the [Roman Empire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_Empire), lenders based in temples made loans and added two important innovations: they accepted [deposits](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deposit_account) and [changed money](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bureau_de_change). Archaeology from this period in [ancient China](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_China#Ancient_China) and [India](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_India) also shows evidence of [money lending](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loan) activity.  &gt;====  &gt;[**Image**](https://i.imgur.com/IWCAqkG.jpg) [^(i)](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Balance_sheet_Mesopotamia_Louvre_AO6036.jpg)  ---  ^Interesting: [^Banking ^in ^India](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banking_in_India) ^| [^History ^of ^banking ^in ^China](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_banking_in_China) ^| [^History ^of ^banking ^in ^Bangladesh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_banking_in_Bangladesh) ^| [^Banking ^in ^the ^United ^States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banking_in_the_United_States)   ^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&amp;message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+cjk5935) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&amp;message=%2Bdelete+cjk5935)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
My advice to you is not to take any advice from anyone when it comes to investing, especially when you don't know much about what you are investing in. mbhunter is correct, take your time to learn about what you want to invest in. If your goal at the moment is short term don't invest in stocks unless you really know what you are doing.   Put your money where you can get the highest interest rate, continue saving and do a lot of research on the house you wish to buy. Even if you are not ready to buy a house yet, start looking so that by the time you are ready to buy, you know how much the house is really worth. Before buying our house we spent about 7 months looking and researching and looked at more than 100 houses.
Social Media needs to die. I thank God social media was not around when I was in HS, college. We wonder why bullying is rampant? Kids are not mature enough ( many adults for that matter) to deal with the consequences social media has. For those that think your snaps disappear, its bullshit. They are stored in some computer room in Arizona.
To start with the easier one: I went to a large state school that's got a well-ranked business school for undergrad and majored in finance. No masters. The ranking isn't necessary, but the degree (or one similar) probably is just to get into the finance field. You could do treasury work with an accounting degree, and you really could do it with any degree, but a lot of companies might not want to take a chance on you if you don't have at least some applicable knowledge.  Typical day: I usually get in around 7:30 and crank out a couple of daily tasks: I gather bank statements and do some minor data entry to come up with a prediction of what our cash is going to look like for the day. Depending on the day, I get into our Bloomberg terminal and send out money for overnight investment or sell commercial paper to raise money on a short term basis. I do some minor housekeeping/accounting work that's mostly system generated, we just check it. I spend the middle portion of my day approving payments, meeting with business groups to help develop our forecast better for the next 30-60-90 days, maybe meet with bankers if they're in the office, maybe do ad hoc work, maybe do debt analysis, etc. Basically this is my free work time. End of the day I gather more bank reports, send out results for the day to leadership and an updated projection of cash flow for the rest of the month.   If things get really exciting, I might get to take part in an acquisition, do stuff with bonds, etc. It rarely gets that exciting though.
"To answer, I'm going to make a few assumptions. First, the ideal scenario for a pre-tax 401(k) is the deposit goes in at a 25% tax rate (i.e. the employee is in that bracket) but withdrawn at 15%. This may be true for many, but not all. It's to illustrate a point.  The SPY (S&P 500 index ETF) has a cost of .09% per year. If your 401(k) fees are anywhere near 1% per year total, over 10 years you've paid nearly 10% in fees, vs less than 1% for the ETF. Above, I suggest the ideal is that the 401(k) saves you 10% on your taxes, but if you pay 10% over the decade, the benefit is completely negated.  I can add to the above that funds outside the retirement accounts give off dividends which are tax favored, and if you were to sell ETFs held over a year, they receive favorable cap-gains rates.  The ""deposit to get the matching funds"" should always be good advice, it would take many years of high fees to destroy that. But even that seemingly reasonable 1% fee can make any other deposits a bad approach.  Keep in mind, when retired you will have a zero bracket (in 2011, the combined standard deduction and exemption) adding to $9500, as well as a 10% bracket (the next $8500), so having some pretax money to take advantage of those brackets will help. Last, the average person changes jobs now and then. The ability to transfer the funds from the (bad) 401(k) to an IRA where you can control the investments is an option I'd not ignore in the analysis.  I arbitrarily picked 1% to illustrate my thoughts. The same math will show a long time employee will get hurt by even .5%/yr if enough time passes. What are the fees in your 401(k)?   Edit - Study of 401(k) fees - put out by the Dept of Labor. Unfortunately, it's over 10 years old, but it speaks to my point. Back then, even a 2000 participant plan with $60M in assets had 110 basis points (this is 1.1%) in fees on average. Whatever the distribution is, those above this average shouldn't even participate in their plans (except for matching) and those on the other side should look at their expenses. As Radix07 points out below, yes, for those just shy of retirement, the fee has less impact, and of course, they have a better idea if they will retire in a lower bracket. Those who have some catching up to do, may benefit despite the fees."
You would generally have to pay interest for everyday you hold the position overnight.  If you never close the position and the stock price goes to zero, you will be closed out and credited with your profit. If you never close the position and the stock price keeps going up and up, your potential loss is an unlimited amount of money.  Of course your broker may close you out early for a number of reasons, particularly if your loss goes above the amount of capital you have in your trading account.
Bank every dollar possible to have more cash available for investing during the 2008/2009 crisis.
I can't answer from the Indian side but on the UK side, if you and your friend are not related then there is no tax implication - you are effectively giving each other gifts - other than a possible inheritance tax liability if one of you dies within 7 years of the transfer and has an estate above the IHT allowance.
I swear they're the same restaurant with a different logo. The saddest lunch I've ever had happened at a Chilli's. I had an avacado chicken sandwich and the avacado slice was like razer thin. Like someone at corporate was working out how thin they could get the avacado slice to be to increase margins.
You probably can't deposit the check directly, but there are mechanisms in place to get your money through other means. In the US, all states and territories have an unclaimed property registry. Before you contact the company that wrote the check, you should check that registry in your state. You will have to provide proof that you are the intended recipient, having the original check in your possession should make that considerably easier.
It might not be leniency for first time payers, but they do have programs, some federal some local, that help the poor and elderly complete their tax forms. There are also programs that allow the poor to file electronically for free. For most people the first time they file their taxes they are using the EZ form. Which is rather easy to do, even without the use of either web based or PC based software. The software tools all ask enough questions on the EZ forms to allow the user to know with confidence when their life choices have made it advantageous to use the more complex forms. The web versions of the software allow the taxpayer to start for free, thus reducing their initial investment for the software to zero. Because the first time filer is frequently a teenager the parents are generally responsible for proving that initial guidance.  The biggest risk for a young taxpayer might be that the first year that itemizing deductions might be advantageous. They might never consider it, so they over pay. Or they discover in April that if they had only kept a receipt from a charity six months ago they could deduct the donation, so they are tempted to  claim the donation without proof. Regarding leniency and assistance there is an interesting tax credit. The Earned Income Tax Credit. it gives a Tax credit to the working poor. They alert people that they need to Check Your Eligibility for the Earned Income Tax Credit They know that significant numbers of taxpayers fail to claim it. EITC can be a boost for workers who earned $50,270 or less in 2012.   Yet the IRS estimates that one out of five eligible taxpayers fails to   claim their EITC each year. The IRS wants everyone who is eligible for   the credit to get the credit that they’ve earned. The rules for getting the credit are simple, all the information needed to claim it is already on the basic tax forms, but you have to know that you need a separate form to get the credit. But instead of making the credit automatic they say: If you use IRS e-file to prepare and file your tax return, the   software will guide you and not let you forget this important step.   E-file does the work and figures your EITC for you! and then :  With IRS Free File, you can claim EITC by using brand name tax   preparation software to prepare and e-file your tax return for free.   It's available exclusively at IRS.gov/freefile. Free help preparing   your return to claim your EITC is also available at one of thousands   of Volunteer Income Tax Assistance sites around the country. To find   the volunteer site nearest to you, use the VITA locator tool on   IRS.gov. But if you don't use free file you might never know about the form. Apparently it escapes 20% of the people who could claim it.
The typical scam is that they overpay you - 'accidentially', or for some obscure reason they claim, and they ask you to wire the extra money either back or to someone else. Because you wire it, that money is gone for sure. Then they undo the original transaction (or it turns out it was fake anyway), and you end up with a loss. Maybe he claims that he wants to buy some more stuff, and the fees are high, so he sends you all the payments in one amount, and you pay the other sellers from it, something like that. There are honest nigerians though, actually most of them. Either way, the real problem is that the original payment is fake. Whichever way it comes to you, you need to make sure that it cannot be reversed or declared invalid after you think you have it. Wire transfer is the only way I know that is not reversible. Bank transfers are reversible; don't think you have it just because it arrives in your bank account. Talk to your bank about what all can happen. If you make the deal, when you send the bike, think about insuring it (and make him pay for that too). That way, you are out of any loss risk.
They say a nonprofit think tank NBER is publishing the paper.   Here is where funding for NBER came from in 2016:   http://www.nber.org/CorporateSupporters2016.pdf     Contributing $10,000 - $25,000:   AIG AQR   Bank for International Settlements    Bracebridge Capital   Brevan Howard   Capital Group Companies   Credit Suisse   ExxonMobil   Fuller &amp; Thaler Asset Management    General Electric   General Motors Foundation    Goldman Sachs   Google   Insurance Information Institute   JP Morgan Chase Institute   Pfizer, Inc.   Vanguard   Anonymous (2)     Contributing $5,000 or Less:   Board of Governors of Federal Reserve System    Haver Analytics, Inc.   Macroeconomic Advisers   U. S. Regional Federal Reserve Banks (12)      Individual Supporters   Contributing $5,000 or Less:   Allen Sinai   Francis Schott
Generally this is simply a matter of the business paying taxes on the sale (income), balanced by a credit (charitable deduction), which eventually adds up to their not paying taxes on money they collected in order to pass it along to the charity. Note that because the business is taking the deduction on that donation, you can't take a deduction on the charitable portion of your purchase.
"I went to a B&amp;N the other day to buy the best selling non-fiction book of all time that was being promoted on the radio/TV/etc.... and of course they were out of it.  When I asked the guy why they wouldn't have the most popular thing at their store (like milk at a grocery store or something). He said, ""Yeah, it's usually in high demand so we don't have it."" Great way to run a company!! Stock your shelves full of the unpopular stuff and never order enough of the HIGHEST SELLING BOOKS OF ALL TIME!  Can't wait for the box stores to go down."
Only a failing businessman looking for excuses outside of himself would be ok with negative growth in sales during an economic uptick. This has nothing to do with political ideology and everything to do with political/economic landscape. How that landscape is navigated is what really matters here.
Here's a good strategy: Open up a Roth IRA at a discount-broker, like TD Ameritrade, invest in no-fee ETF's, tracking an Index, with very low expense ratios (look for around .15%) This way, you won't pay brokers fees whenever you buy shares, and shares are cheap enough to buy casually. This is a good way to start. When you learn more about the market, you can check out individual stocks, exploring different market sectors, etc. But you won't regret starting with a good index fund. Also, it's easy to know how well you did. Just listen on the radio or online for how the Dow or S&P did that day/month/year. Your account will mirror these changes!
From astonishing resorts to overwhelming bistros, sprawling greenery nooks to urban housetops and commonplace storehouses to contemporary cityscapes the choices could twist up perceptibly frustrating as to settle the Tampa wedding scene. So how might you limit what you long for in order to find the perfect wedding place for your day? Notwithstanding the likelihood that you have a basic idea of what you are endeavoring to find, there is a lot of components to consider. The accompanying are a couple of pointers to help driving you in finding the surprising wedding venues Tampa.
"Eventually, you'll end up buying a stock at or near a high-water mark.  You might end up waiting a few years before you see your ""guaranteed"" $100 profit, and you now have $5K to $10K tied up in the wait.  The more frequently you trade, the faster your money gets trapped. There are two ways to avoid this problem: 1) Do it during strong bull markets.    If everything keeps going up you don't need to worry about peaks...but then why would you keep cashing out for $1 gains? 2) Accurately predict the peaks.    If you can see the future, why would you keep cashing out for $1 gains? Either way, this strategy will only make your broker happy, $8 at a time."
So is that a yes or 'yes', I'm confused by the quotes.   There are very real differences among races. Why are they important? Because one race has found themselves to develop third world impoverished nations while other races have thrived. I feel like that is well worth exploring both why and how.
"A mutual fund could make two different kinds of distributions to you: Capital gains: When the fund liquidates positions that it holds, it may realize a gain if it sells the assets for a greater price than the fund purchased them for. As an example, for an index fund, assets may get liquidated if the underlying index changes in composition, thus requiring the manager to sell some stocks and purchase others. Mutual funds are required to distribute most of their income that they generate in this way back to its shareholders; many often do this near the end of the calendar year.  When you receive the distribution, the gains will be categorized as either short-term (the asset was held for less than one year) or long-term (vice versa). Based upon the holding period, the gain is taxed differently. Currently in the United States, long-term capital gains are only taxed at 15%, regardless of your income tax bracket (you only pay the capital gains tax, not the income tax). Short-term capital gains are treated as ordinary income, so you will pay your (probably higher) tax rate on any cash that you are given by your mutual fund. You may also be subject to capital gains taxes when you decide to sell your holdings in the fund. Any profit that you made based on the difference between your purchase and sale price is treated as a capital gain. Based upon the period of time that you held the mutual fund shares, it is categorized as a short- or long-term gain and is taxed accordingly in the tax year that you sell the shares. Dividends: Many companies pay dividends to their stockholders as a way of returning a portion of their profits to their collective owners. When you invest in a mutual fund that owns dividend-paying stocks, the fund is the ""owner"" that receives the dividend payments. As with capital gains, mutual funds will redistribute these dividends to you periodically, often quarterly or annually. The main difference with dividends is that they are always taxed as ordinary income, no matter how long you (or the fund) have held the asset. I'm not aware of Texas state tax laws, so I can't comment on your other question."
yeah i totally agree with the title.  but unions are nearly management there, germany really started the idea of [co-determination.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Co-determination), if your corp has over 500 people, 1/3 to 1/2 the seats on board have to be saved for labor.
Take a look at this: http://code.google.com/p/stock-portfolio-manager/ It is an open source project aimed to manage your stock portfolio.
There are several cost of the Military Homes, so you can choose according to your desired location and your preferred weather. This area is also more humid. So if you can’t tolerate heavy rains or humidity, then avoid this part of the country. But if you enjoy the rain, by all means choose this portion of Military Home is good.
Universal Steel of America specializes in metal warehouse buildings manufacturing. Our pre-engineered steel warehouse building kit can accommodate any designing needs. Our customized warehouse building kit includes various customizations including brick, wood or concrete to stone, glass, CMU block and even stucco.  We use only high quality steel and will deliver the kit in no time. We also offer on-site installation service.
Outside of Boston is closer to the city center than where they would put a campus in most of the other cities.    Where would they go that they would be closer to the city center than if they were in Peabody or reading or even Billerica?  Those towns are only a 20mile drive to the city center and there is a train into the city from there that would take 40 minutes.  People get hung up on what people call the city.  But Boston's metropolitan area is just a bunch of areas that are different towns rather than burrows.
It depends on the country. Say I import something cheap-ish from a US reseller with a 90 day reseller warranty and 12 months manufacturer. In both cases it will cost me more than it's worth to ship a return for replacement.
"Holy fuck do you seriously not understand that I was trying to understand your perspective before I explained an alternative? Do you really find it offensive when people ask you questions before presenting a solution?   Do you have such a limited attention span that you forgot I began the discussion by saying ""I'm happy to answer your question if you will first answer mine"", then tried to obtain clarity in your answer by saying ""Is it fair to say that you don't believe that ""only taxes can provide these things"", but you are simply unaware of how anything other than taxes can provide these things?""   You seriously look like an asshole when you claim that asking questions to understand your perspective is ""not offer[ing] an alternative"" when I *started the discussion* by telling you I'd offer an alternative *after I understood what you believe*."
IFTY VIEW WITH SUPPORT AND RESISTANCE LEVEL FOR TOMORROW 26 Dec(NIFTY TREND):-Last hour trading session in the nifty took the all gains of the day and closed with some losses at 4714, down 20 points.For Monday Stock Market has resistance level at 4789.65 and last resistance level at
If cost was your only concern then yes, that is true.  But there is a tension between costs and keeping your customers happy.  This is especially true in a service based business like a restaurant where customer satisfaction can be directly correlated to employee satisfaction.
You should plan 1-3 months for an emergency fund.  Saving 6 months of expenses is recommended by many, but you have a lot of goals to accomplish, and youth is impatient.  Early in your life, you have a lot of building (saving) that you need to do. You can find a good car for under $5000.  It might take some effort, and you might not get quite the car you want, but if you save for 5-6 months you should have a decent car.  My son is a college student and bought a sedan earlier this year for about $4000. Onto the house thing.  As you said, at $11,000*2=$22,000 expenses yearly, plus about $10,000 saved, you are making low 30's.  Using a common rule of thumb of 25% for housing, you really cannot afford more than about $600-700/month for housing -- you probably want to wait on that first house for awhile. Down payments really should be about 20%, and depending upon the area of the country, a modest house might be $120,000 or $520,000.  Even on a $120,000, the 20% down payment would be $24,000. As you have student loans ($20,000), you should put together a plan to pay them off, perhaps allocating half your savings amount to paying down the student loans and half to saving? As you are young, you should have strong salary gains in the first few years, and once you are closer to $40,000/year, you might find the numbers working better for housing. My worry is that you are spending $22,000 out of about $32,000 for living expenses.  That you are saving is great, and you are putting aside a good amount.  But, you want to target saving 30-40%, if you can.
"At no point did I advocate against regulation. All I advocated was if we want to raise the cost of ""sin"" products like meat/dairy, then the first step is to remove the subsidies that keep their costs low. Are you denying that most developed countries aren't heavily subsidizing their meat/dairy industries?"
&gt; So... This while circle jerk of a conversation never really answered if this type of setup is legally possible. Whether its a ponzi scheme or not  You're ignoring the fundamental difference between equityholders and creditors and the pertaining laws that govern each role.
I worked in IT for a small bank a few years ago and most of our ATMs were still running OS/2! Why? Because they still worked. Most companies don't have the budget to upgrade 100s of ATMs every few years and unless they are required to will run them into the ground.
If you have a deposit account (like a checking account) and a credit card at the same bank, it is common for the bank to have a clause that lets them make automatic payments to the credit card. I've also seen this happen in the case of death where the deceased person had $2,000 in a checking account and owed some on a credit card.   Upon death, the bank took the $2,000 and applied it to the credit card without asking.
The best we can do in the Equifax case is freeze (not lock) our credit files at the credit bureaus and use the free annual credit reports via FTC.GOV. Unfreezing is an extra step one would have to go through before opening a new credit line, renting a new place, getting utilities hooked up, etc.  But the freeze (versus the lock) essentially makes one’s data worthless to the credit reporting agencies.
Think back 200 years ago when we had mules, horse and carriage, and shovels.  What would you say to someone who was worried about employment if we replaced those antiquated items with 18-wheelers, automobiles, and heavy construction equipment?  Would you stop them from advancing technology in fear of unemployment?
I really think it's zoning restrictions and a general move back toward living in big cities. Larger cities are pretty notorious for having terribly restrictive zoning requirements. When you combine limited space, with increasing population, and restrictions on building then the outcome is fairly predictable.
Good, their food more than sucks and has only gotten worse as time goes on...  Cheap Poison...  they need to go out of business or change to something that isn't  just severing the cheapest poison filled crap they can produce. maybe they will release a new game to drum up business form the morons.. or make any size HFCS drink 99 cents..  Sweet tea... are you fucking kidding me..
Thank you AK-40oz for voting on haikubot-1911.    This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).     ***    ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
"This is a tricky question, because the financial aid system can create odd incentives. Good schools tend to price themselves above and beyond any reasonable middle-class ability to save and then offer financial aid, much of it in the form of internal ""grants"" or ""loans"".  If you think about it, the internal grant is more of a discount than a grant since no money need have ever existed to ""fund"" the grant.  The actual price to the parents is based on financial aid paperwork and related rules, perhaps forming a college price-setting cartel.  It is these rules that need to be considered when creating a savings plan. Suppose it is $50k/year to send your kids to the best school admitting them.  Thats $200k for the 4 years.  Suppose you had $50k now to save instead of $10K, and are wondering whether to put it in your son's college savings (whether or not you can do so in a tax advantaged way) or to pay down the mortgage.  If you put it in your kids savings, and the $50k becomes $75k over time, that $75k will be used up in a year and a half as the financial aid system will suck it dry first before offering you much help.  On the other hand, if you put the $50k on paying down the mortgage [provided the mortgage is ""healthy"" not upside down], your house payment will still be the same when your kids go to college.  The financial aid calculations will consider that the kid has no savings, and allocate a ""grant"" and some loans the first year and a parental portion that you might be able to tap with a home equity loan or work overtime.     Generally, you should also be encouraging your kids to excel and perhaps obtain academic scholarships or at least obtain some great opportunities.  A large college savings fund might be as counterproductive as a zero fund.  They shouldn't be expecting to breeze through some party school with a nice pad and car, homework assistance, and beer money.  Unless they are good at a sport, like maybe football -- in which case you won't need to be the provider. It is not obvious how much the optimal ESA amount is.  It might not be $0.  Saving like crazy in there probably isn't the best thing to do, either."
You need to pay off the entire balance of 7450 as soon as possible. This should be your primary financial goal at this point above anything else. A basic structure that you can follow is this: Is the £1500 balance with the 39.9% interest rate the obvious starting point here? Yes, that is fine. But all the cards and overdraft debts need to be treated with the same urgency! What are the prospects for improving my credit score in say the next 6-12 months enough to get a 0% balance transfer or loan for consolidation? This should not be a primary concern of yours if you want to move on with your financial life. Debt consolidation will not help you achieve the goals you have described (home ownership, financial stability). If you follow the advice here, by the time you get to the point of being eligible, you may not see enough savings in interest to make it worth the hassle. Focus on the hard stuff and pay off the balances. Is that realistic, or am I looking at a longer term struggle? You are looking at a significant struggle. If it was easy you would not be asking this question! The length of time will be determined by your choices: how aggressively you will cut your lifestyle, take on extra jobs, and place additional payments on your debt.  By being that extreme, you will actually start to see progress, which will be encouraging. If you go in half-committed, your progress will show as much and it will be demotivating. Much of your success will hinge on your mental and emotional toughness to push through the hard work of delaying pleasure and paying off these balances. That is just my personal experience, so you can take it or leave it. :) The credit score will take care of itself if you follow this method, so don't worry about it. Good Luck!
"I find the breathless optimism a bit much.  It's not as though there's been some big breakthrough in the field that's brought the quantum computing future much closer.  But admittedly, the author did include some caveats about how it all might ultimately not work as predicted.    Also, I don't believe that quantum research is telling us anything new about whether ""the laws of logic ... apply to the universe as a whole ... computations it can’t perform? Paradoxes it can’t escape?""  I suppose it *could* tell us something new, but that remains to be seen, as does whether it's an economically viable approach to computing."
the NOTE is only created when a BANK makes a loan to a person, business, or government.  corporations buying and selling debt is simply the transfer of existing debt/notes.  In the current Financial Ponzi scheme, NEW notes must be created to keep the game going due to new interest obligations everyday....if not enough new notes are created, the entire Ponzi Pyramid as depicted on www.openmindedthinkers.com collapses
A bond fund has a 5% yield. You can take 1/.05 and think of it as a 20 P/E.  I wouldn't, because no one else does, really. An individual bond has a coupon yield, and a YTM, yield to maturity. A bond fund or ETF usually won't have a maturity, only a yield.
Here in Australia a stock price is usually highest just before a dividend and lowest just after a dividend. If you buy just after the dividend then you missed out until next time. There may be many other reasons why a stock may exhibit yearly, quarterly and monthly cycles.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.devex.com/news/3-key-conversations-from-the-us-africa-business-summit-90504) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; African ministers and business people joined their American counterparts in Washington, D.C., last week at the U.S.-Africa Business Summit, to discuss greater economic engagement, despite lingering uncertainty over the United States&amp;#039; position toward global trade.  &gt; The U.S.-Africa relationshipU.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross addressed the summit, offering reassurances and some specifics about the administration&amp;#039;s view toward existing and future trade pacts with the continent.  &gt; Inter-African trade plans are progressing fairly swiftly, Ghana&amp;#039;s Minister of Trade and Industry Alan John Kwado Kyermaten told the summit.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6i9his/3_key_conversations_from_the_usafrica_business/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~148046 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **trade**^#1 **Africa**^#2 **improve**^#3 **business**^#4 **African**^#5"
Shut up you whiners!  Do you realize how badly CEOs, Wall St hedge fund managers, Bank executives, large-block shareholders and billionaires work for and deserve their money?!  Your getting a raise would CUT their income -- income that fuels the machines of trickle-down which benefit everybody!       [/s]
New tires will increase the resale value of the car; while not by the full cost of the tires, it will not be entirely a sunk cost. You'd need to factor that in and find out how much the new tires increase the resale value of the car to determine how much they would truly cost you.  However, I suspect they would cost you less than a $25,000 car a year early would.  That new car would cost some amount over time - it sounds like you buy a new car every 8 years or so? So it would cost you $25/8 = $3.3k/year.  That would, then, be the overall cost of the new car a year early - $3.3k (as it would mean one less year out of your old car, so assuming it was also $25k/8 year or similar, that year becomes lost and thus a cost).
You aren't paying for your internet buddy. You are paying for a portion of the services that your internet provider charges you for. However you are not paying for the infrastructure, electricity, utilities, security, and all the other things that are required in order for that ISP to be able to bring internet to your house.
I am assuming that you are referring to Personal Checks since you do not have a business account.  Generally, your full name is the minimal requirement that is needed on the top left of each check. It is best if this information is pre-printed. In fact, some businesses and banks will not honor a check if your full name is handwritten on the check. This is for obvious reasons such as fraud.
Most bond ETFs have switched to monthly dividends paid on the first of each month, in an attempt to standardize across the market.  For ETFs (but perhaps not bond mutual funds, as suggested in the above answer) interest does accrue in the NAV, so the price of the fund does drop on ex-date by an amount equal to the dividend paid. A great example of this dynamic can be seen in FLOT, a bond ETF holding floating rate corporate bonds.  As you can see in this screenshot, the NAV has followed a sharp up and down pattern, almost like the teeth of a saw. This is explained by interest accruing in the NAV over the course of each month, until it is paid out in a dividend, dropping the NAV sharply in one day. The effect has been particularly pronounced recently because the floating coupon payments have increased significantly (benchmark interest rates are higher) and mark-to-market changes in credit spreads of the constituent bonds have been very muted.
"Where do these idiots come from?  and don't answer ""Russia"" because we've had our share of this kind of stupidity in America and London also.  The only people who have pulled off this sort of treachery are North Korea and China and that's only because of the way their national internet grids are structured, and requires a specific kind of tyrannical dictatorship which Russia, despite it's psychopathic ""president"", does not have."
If the insurance policy is a whole-life (or variable life) policy, it might have a surrender value that the owner of the policy might be able to get by surrendering the policy in whole; if it is a term life policy, it has no surrender value. In many cases, the owner of the policy is also the insured and so ask Uncle Joe whether he would be willing to surrender the life insurance policy and give you the proceeds now instead of making you wait till he passes away. If it is a term life policy, ask him to consider not renewing the policy and from now on, just give you the premium he would have been paying to the insurance company. Whether he will pay you increasing amounts in later years (as a renewable five-year level term policy might require) is a more delicate matter that you can negotiate with him. On the other hand, if the policy owner is Aunt Annie but the insured is Uncle Joe (and you are the beneficiary), talk to Aunt Annie instead; she is the one who can cancel the policy, not Uncle Joe. And for heaven's sake, don't grease the skids to facilitate Uncle Joe's first step onto the stairway to heaven; there are, depending on where you live, various laws prohibiting payments to beneficiaries who have had a hand in arranging for the happy event to occur.
Yeah, everyone here is pretty much right, you shouldn't be getting into the futures market. However no need to jump on you, its good you asked a question and you should really read up on it. Futures are pretty complicated. Keep trying to learn though it will help if you read up a lot.
All of them , ever since Zip2 , not one of his companies EVER had a positive cash flow , Musk made his money by getting acquired at the top the dotcom bubble , now he created his own bubble , feel free to examine all his companies ; there isn't a FY in which revenues&gt;= costs ; his plan for Tesla is to sell to Apple and fuck Tim Cook over like he fucked over Eckhard Pfeiffer (Compaq CEO) in 1999. All of Musk companies 4 or 5 at this point are being artificially kept alive by external capital injections , this is no Amazon , Bezos did it with cash flow , with Musk's company you're looking at a house of cards which would collapse as soon as the cult leader stops infiltrating in every media and PR event , if Zuckerberg or even Thiel were to employ the same technique the house of cards would collapse too as the fanbase would now have other cult leader and companies to worship thus diluting Musk's
&gt;Also, if you follow economic theory, the cheapest way to provide healthcare is to have a large amount of people paying into the same pool  That logic only applies if those taking advantage of the healthcare opportunity contribute towards its payments, in this case, via taxation. If 46% of the population isn't paying Federal Income tax ([According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center in Washington, D.C., 46% of tax filers will owe no federal income tax this year](http://www.usatoday.com/money/economy/story/2011-10-06/income-tax-nonpayment/50676912/1)), the 54% are forced to support the entire group's cost. Even worse, much of the 54% will elect to use their own private healthcare because it is superior to the public option.
Coming to London at this point of time is not a wise decision, not that I mean to discourage you. The job market is quite competitive because loads of developers are in the markets, because of the layoffs. So be ready to wait for some time to land a role. Banks aren't recruiting that heavily, but that might change if the economy picks up. Regarding salaries, the contract rates you quote are primarily for banking sector jobs, some outside banking also pay those rates, but they are few.  You can quote what you want to a recruiter, most contracts are through them as most managers have a fincancial get go between recruiters and themselves. Recruiters take their cut what they bill, 400+200(just a guess). So the more they take from the 400, better is their margin. So they try to decrease the 400 portion. But the important point is be ready to keep your chair warm for some time. I am not sure why you have to move to London. Keep your current job. Get a Skype number or something and get the calls diverted to your phone in Germany. You can come down to London for interviews and schedule them so you come in a week and give all your interviews. London is a costly place, you can find cheap places to stay too. But without a job and searching for one will get you depressed(been there and experienced it)
Yes and no, P2P Capital Markets is similar concept but is more geared towards business loans. Community Lend used to offer this service but has stopped.
Many studies show that the wealthiest households are self employed and small business owners. But there is significant risk associated, and so the wealth cannot really be enjoyed.
It's always been that way.  You are trying to bend the world around your own circumstances. That's not how it works.    Everything is consolidating to be more efficient. With digital, robots, and globalization, markets have reduced the need for U.S. manufacturing ...and that's what a lot of small towns had going for them.  It's gone. Sitting around and wishing for the past to come back with something like the government to legislate it is wishful thinking.  I highlighted the solution: It's to move where the money is or is going.    People get cranky when they have to give up a skill or trade (or hometown) they've spent 10, 20, 30 years in. I get it. I'm looking for ways to diversify my experience, even having a job in tech, because someday maybe it won't be here... or it'll be in India, China, Russia, the Philippines, Latin America, Bulgaria or any of the numerous countries where the labor is cheaper and the supply is higher.   It sucks, but it's also reality.  If your hope is in voting for some sort of legislative change, godspeed but it won't help.  Regulations will be issued and companies will push money to safe havens in Ireland, Liechtenstein, the Caymans, etc.. to avoid them.  They'll outsource more and layoff to compensate for the new expenses and generally find workarounds.     Add that to the rise of countries already benefiting from outsourcing and globalization... maybe the US market isn't so important in 20-30 years.  Gives the government even less leverage on corporations.
The MIRR formula uses the finance rate to discount negative cash flows, but since the only negative cash flow in the example in in the current period, there's nothing to discount.  It's meant to solve problems with IRR like when there are both positive and negative cash flows, which can result in multiple answers for IRR.  The example they give isn't a good one for MIRR because it's a simple spend now, earn later scenario, which IRR is perfectly fine for. If you add a negative cashflow somewhere after the first one you'll see the answer change with difference financing rates.
I am a Systems Engineering major. I currently work at a prop trading firm trading fixed income.   I would emphasize your math skills, analytical thinking learned in engineering school, and express how much you are interested/experience in finance. It seems like you are on top of all that and if the job market wasn't so rough, I would say you sound like an ideal candidate and I feel like most finance jobs like people with engineering/math backgrounds as long as they are knowledgeable in finance.
We use YNAB to handle our household budget - their latest version allows cloud sync between Android/iOS devices and various desktop installs.  I have the budget folder shared with my wife's Dropbox account so we both an view the budget, enter spending, and make changes.
I don't know what you are on about, as most online brokers should offer standard brokerage without margin. As trading with magin is considered more risky by most (especially if you don't know what you are doing), so one would have to fill out additional application forms and possibly undergo some training before getting a margin account open. A quick search on the net provided some examples, here is one - IG, who provide 3 type of accounts - Spread Betting and CFDs (both leveraged) and Stockbroking (which is non-leveraged).
I think, generally speaking, people who say things like that don't have a firm grasp of their finances. On the other hand, if you take a mortgage as a vehicle for leveraged investment the interest can pay for itself in gains made elsewhere. Paying mortgage interest is otherwise only good for the banks, but our system reinforces the idea that everyone should be in debt instead of profiting from their capital.
Amazon makes enormous profits, they just re-invest nearly all of it. Their 2016 operating income was $20B (assume they spent $0 on R&amp;D), but they did spend $16B on R&amp;D. Which is more than what Apple spends.   Facebook is more valuable than Cisco for many reasons. First off, similar net incomes on their statements doesn't mean those net incomes are as safe in the future. Facebook might have a very safe revenue stream from ads regardless if they keep updating their interfaces. Perhaps Facebook's market saturation means they don't need much infrastructure expansion in the future which would project reduced costs and higher margins.   Cisco on the other hand might perpetually be in a more dangerous spot given their market position. They have competition and they might have to be in a constant battle to stay caught up. Their margins are also much less than Facebook's. Perhaps Cisco's profits are also more at risk due to changes in public policy while Facebook is more insulted?   Valuation on the market goes far beyond just the profit # on the last income statement.
You missed the catch, there is always a catch, and in this case it is not well publicized.   First, some background. Congress (both parties) in 98 passed Graham-Leach-Bliley. It allowed commercial banks to invest, securitize, and insure securities. It also had privacy provisions, which prevented a securitizer of a mortgage from providing ANY personal information about the mortgage. That means that as Chase wrote these mortgage backed securities, they were forbidden, BY LAW, from telling the potential purchasers the addresses of the houses or SS#'s of the purchasers.   OF COURSE Chase did not choose to insure these MBS's themselves. Instead, they chose a third party like AIG because AIG could not know personal information about the mortgages, and was thus blinded to risk. AIG chose a middle of the road risk rating (something like 2% risk of default).   Chase FRAUDULENTLY represented the quality of the mortgages to the people writing the credit default swaps to insure them, and to the potential buyers. Chase KNEW the mortgages were crap.   Fraud is fraud and is illegal in security sales even after Graham-Leach-Bliley. However, to be clear, in this case there does not need to be any faking of paperwork. The loans can be passed along BLINDLY with insurance, as they were. If it could be documented that Chase misrepresented the quality of these AAA MBS's, they would be on the hook. But the catch is that Graham-Leach-Bliley offered them a cop-out.  AIG were the real dummies in all this. Who writes insurance without having a good idea of the risk....
Wow. Okay. First do you mean that you profited by 30k or that you have 30k in revenue?   Second why are you selling it? Do you not want it? Can you not grow it? Why or why not?  I feel like you’re going to need to flesh out your business  a little more to get a better answer.
"I use online banking as much as possible and I think it may help you get closer to your goal.  I see you want to know where the money goes and save time so it should work for you like it did for me. I used to charge everything or write checks and then pay a big visa bill.  My problem was I never knew exactly how much I spent because neither Visa or check writing are record systems. They just generate transactions records.  I made it a goal use online banking to match my spending to the available cash and ended up ok usually 9-10 months out of the year. I started with direct deposit of my paycheck.  Each Saturday, I sit down and within a half hour, I've paid the bills for the week and know where I stand for the following week.  Any new bill that comes in, I add it to online banking even if it's not a recurring expense.  I also pull down cash from the ATM but just enough to allow me to do what I have to do.  If it's more than $30 or $40 bucks, I use the debit card so that expense goes right to the online bank statement. My monthly bank statement gives me a single report with everything listed.  Mortgage, utilities, car payment, cable bill, phone bill, insurance, newspaper, etc...  It does not record these transactions in generic categories; they actually say Verizon or Comcast or Shop Rite.  I found this serves as the only report I need to see what's happening with my budget.   It may take a while to change to a plan like this one. but you'll now have a system that shows you in a single place where the money goes.  Move all bills that are ""auto-pay"" to the online system and watch your Visa bill go down.  The invested time is likely what you're doing now writing checks.  Hope this helps."
I've pulled back in recent weeks from Amazon purchases and prime, in looking at the big picture I've come to realize I can't support a single conglomerate when it comes to retail, price isn't that important to me, I want to see real people, interact with real people and believe my purchases help them make a wage for what ever purpose they need that money for. Amazon is a monopoly in my view and I can't any longer support monopolies.
The banks see small apartments as a higher risk because usually very small apartments are harder to sell, especially during a falling market when there is an oversupply of these apartments. The price of small apartments will also fall a lot quicker in a falling market. Regarding yield vs capital growth - the emphasis here is manly on high yielding properties in small country towns with small populations. How many properties can you buy with cash? Properties with good growth will enable you to build equity quicker and enable you to build a larger portfolio. In my opinion you need a combination of good yield and reasonable growth, because without yield you cannot replace your earned income with passive income, but without growth you can't expand your portfolio. So a combination of good yield with reasonable growth will give the best outcome.
I suggest you buy a more reasonably priced car and keep saving to have the full amount for the car you really want in the future. If you can avoid getting loans it helps a lot in you financial situation.
Assuming the amount of your car payment and student loan aren't crazy you should be fine. I would suggest starting with a baseline budget listing your monthly income and expenses. Be sure to include miscellaneous expenses like car maintenance, insurance, food, clothes, etc (the common things that sometimes get overlooked in a budget). After all of your necessary expenses (fluff like entertainment doesn't count), if your employer has a 401k with a match I would contribute to that up to the match amount.  Next I would save an emergency fund to cover unforseen events such as car repairs, etc. $1000 is not an uncommon amount to see people suggest for this. Next I would knock out your car loan then student loan as fast as possible. This will free up some cash flow which gives you more freedom to do what you want. At this point you save more so you don't have to finance the next car or have a down payment for a home or whatever.  Building your savings to be 3-6 months of income is a good idea, this covers things like being laid off or other larger unexpected events. After you get to that point how you handle your budget is pretty open.
No they aren't boom times. Not sure how that justifies overpaying cashiers; the fact that the economy is slumping could be an argument to pay them less. Less money given to cashiers = lower prices = better for everyone in the economic downturn. Sorry to play devil's advocate but there is no free lunch and this isn't skilled work.
There are cases where whole life can make sense, but only after you've already maximized every other tax-deferred investment option you have. If you have access to a 401k plan and aren't maxing it out, there's no reason to look at whole life.
I would hope he would borrow at historically low rates to invest wisely in American infrastructure in the hope that the improved productivity gains would offset the associated interest rate risks.  I suspect he would simply cut the minimum wage and unemployment benefits to force Americans to accept lower wage jobs.
Make sure you have sufficient insurance. Luckily, my wife and I had insurance on our mortgage, and term life insurance on both of us. Statistically speaking, insurance is a poor investment. However, when my wife was killed 263 days after our wedding, I was very happy to have it. Note that it took almost five months to pay out, though this was partly due to a Canada Post strike earlier this year; as such, you'll need sufficient emergency funds. I was able to continue working (just about), but still needed approximately $30,000. $10,000 within 24 hours, another $10,000 within 7 days, and the remainder sometime later, to cover funeral expenses. You may also want to consider a will. Neither of us had one as we both had made the decision that we were fine with the other partner receiving the entire estate. If you are not happy with this, or if your situation is more complex, you'll need a will.
I still have one every once in a while. The thing is, at $6.99+ for the average fast food value meal I'm already almost paying restaurant prices. I have local bars (ATL) that offer $5 burger night, $6.66 burger night, and the average price around town is about $7.99 for a real burger. Fast food joints need to scale back their pricing or step it up if they want to compete with restaurants and bars.
Apparent data-feed issues coming out of NASDAQ in the after hours market. Look at MSFT, AMZN, AAPL, heck even Sears.      Funny thing though, is that you see traces of irregular prices during the active session around 10:20am on stocks like GOOG.
First off, inflation doesn't necessarily imply that goods and services will rise in price.  The amount of goods &amp; services increases over time as well, and this is balanced (partly), by an increase in the money supply.  Without inflation you lose the incentive to invest, as your dollar would become more valuable over time.  Why invest in a risky venture if I know that my dollar will buy more if I just wait it out.  Might as well stick the money under the mattress. (This is bad)
I'm from Toronto actually. That sounds completely unfair in a free-market. From what I've just read it looks like LA law regarding non-competes is a bit more complicated than that. But anything that requires a lawyer to enforce or defend against is a pain in the ass.
I think what you meant to say instead of morons is 'young people who drive mass market consumer trends'. Apple, Facebook, Beats- these companies didn't climb to the top of the heap by winning the affectations of tech-geeks, but I suppose looking at demographics and the market would be more appropriate for a subreddit like /r/business, but seeing as how we're in /r/mypersonalopinion I guess I'm the odd one out.
"What is that compared to an average day? Napkin math, Q1 saw about 35 billion, or 380 million per day, so a 30 hour  day would give you about 500 million (+/-).  This means prime day was about 2x revenue with all of the marketing they pushed out via ""news"" and social channels.  That's not bad for a mediocre sale meant to clean out your warehouse."
Does your current firm have a United States office or affiliate? That's the easiest route asking for a transfer or reassignment.   Super competitive for more senior positions with a direct transfer but you can have a shot a junior positions that you can then advance since you have some experience.
"We are fast food enemies.  The thought of Arby's makes me laugh like a child on Hannukah. I may have a roast beef monstrosity today, as a matter of fact! Their curly fries are heavenly and a tub of their horsey sauce has been the champion on Iron Chef for 3 years running.  Wendy's, on the other hand, is a disgrace to the burger world. Their square, ""never frozen"" patties taste fine, but the mealy texture is incredibly offputting. Their new fries are a marked improvement from the pale yellow, saltless worms they used to fix. Their menu is almost impossible to read and changes too often. They fucked up the frosty; I should never have to specify the flavor for the love of God.   I have never been to a Tim Horton's, which I'm bummed about, because I've heard good things.  How do you feel about McDonalds?"
"That name is terrible.  You need something hot like ""Alienware"".  By the way, I've heard from folks who've been down that road the most annoying and difficult thing you're going to deal with is warranties. Think long and hard about your model and how you'll handle that. Especially if you're shipping PCs, because UPS is going to fuck up your shipments with more frequency that you would expect."
I think a larger issue is that you're trying to do market timing. Whether you had a large or small amount of money to invest, no one wants to put the money in to watch it go down.  You can't really predict if prices in a market or security will go up in six months (in which case you want to put all your cash in now), of if it will go down (in which case you'd want to wait until the bottom), or if it will skitter around (in which case you'd want to only buy at the bottoms).  Of course, if you're magic enough to nail all of those market conditions, you're a master finance trader and will quickly make billions. If you're really concerned with protecting your money and want to take some long positions, I'd look into some put options. You'll of course pay the fees for those put options, but they'll protect your downside.  Much of this depends on your time horizon: at the age of 35, someone can expect to see ~6 more recessions and perhaps ~30 more market corrections before retirement. With that big of a time range, it's best to avoid micro-optimizing since that tends to hurt your performance overall (because you won't be able to time the market correctly most of the time).  One thing that's somewhat reasonable, if you have the stomach for it, is to not buy at somewhat-obvious market highs and wait for corrections. This isn't fool proof by any means, but as an example many people realized that US equities basically were on a ~5 year up run by December 2014. Many people cashed out those positions, expecting that a correction would be due. And around late summer of 2015, that correction came. For those with patience, they made ~15% with a few mouse clicks.  Of course many others would have been waiting for that correction since 2010 and missed out on the market increases.  Boiled down:
You are kicking butt and taking names, especially compared to most people in your age bracket. I wish I'd had the opportunity (and the sense) to live rent-free and max out my 401(k) when I was 23. Keep doing what you're doing and you'll be able to pull off a Mr. Money Mustache style retirement.  I think you might have misunderstood the question and answer nature of this site. Typically, questions aren't laden with answers, explanations, and suggestions; it should just be the question! You can always ask the question and answer it yourself down below, as some SEers do. To answer your questions towards the end of the post: Good luck, and again, keep doing what you're doing!
Have you tried contacting them via phone or e-mail to follow up?  If not, definitely do that first.   If no response, you can keep this simple: Close your old account, write a personal check from your new one, and send the check with an explanatory note via Certified Mail.  That will get you proof that it was delivered successfully (or not).  Leave the money in your account for 180 days.  Your check should be void after that and cannot be cashed (check with your bank on this) and if it's still unclaimed they will need to contact you to request payment.
"Index funds can be a very good way to get into the stock market. It's a lot easier, and cheaper, to buy a few shares of an index fund than it is to buy a few shares in hundreds of different companies. An index fund will also generally charge lower fees than an ""actively managed"" mutual fund, where the manager tries to pick which stocks to invest for you. While the actively managed fund might give you better returns (by investing in good companies instead of every company in the index) that doesn't always work out, and the fees can eat away at that advantage. (Stocks, on average, are expected to yield an annual return of 4%, after inflation. Consider that when you see an expense ratio of 1%. Index funds should charge you more like 0.1%-0.3% or so, possibly more if it's an exotic index.) The question is what sort of index you're going to invest in. The Standard and Poor's 500 (S&P 500) is a major index, and if you see someone talking about the performance of a mutual fund or investment strategy, there's a good chance they'll compare it to the return of the S&P 500. Moreover, there are a variety of index funds and exchange-traded funds that offer very good expense ratios (e.g. Vanguard's ETF charges ~0.06%, very cheap!). You can also find some funds which try to get you exposure to the entire world stock market, e.g. Vanguard Total World Stock ETF, NYSE:VT). An index fund is probably the ideal way to start a portfolio - easy, and you get a lot of diversification. Later, when you have more money available, you can consider adding individual stocks or investing in specific sectors or regions. (Someone else suggested Brazil/Russia/Indo-China, or BRICs - having some money invested in that region isn't necessarily a bad idea, but putting all or most of your money in that region would be. If BRICs are more of your portfolio then they are of the world economy, your portfolio isn't balanced. Also, while these countries are experiencing a lot of economic growth, that doesn't always mean that the companies that you own stock in are the ones which will benefit; small businesses and new ventures may make up a significant part of that growth.) Bond funds are useful when you want to diversify your portfolio so that it's not all stocks. There's a bunch of portfolio theory built around asset allocation strategies. The idea is that you should try to maintain a target mix of assets, whatever the market's doing. The basic simplified guideline about investing for retirement says that your portfolio should have (your age)% in bonds (e.g. a 30-year-old should have 30% in bonds, a 50-year-old 50%.) This helps maintain a balance between the volatility of your portfolio (the stock market's ups and downs) and the rate of return: you want to earn money when you can, but when it's almost time to spend it, you don't want a sudden stock market crash to wipe it all out. Bonds help preserve that value (but don't have as nice of a return). The other idea behind asset allocation is that if the market changes - e.g. your stocks go up a lot while your bonds stagnate - you rebalance and buy more bonds. If the stock market subsequently crashes, you move some of your bond money back into stocks. This basically means that you buy low and sell high, just by maintaining your asset allocation. This is generally more reliable than trying to ""time the market"" and move into an asset class before it goes up (and move out before it goes down). Market-timing is just speculation. You get better returns if you guess right, but you get worse returns if you guess wrong. Commodity funds are useful as another way to diversify your portfolio, and can serve as a little bit of protection in case of crisis or inflation. You can buy gold, silver, platinum and palladium ETFs on the stock exchanges. Having a small amount of money in these funds isn't a bad idea, but commodities can be subject to violent price swings! Moreover, a bar of gold doesn't really earn any money (and owning a share of a precious-metals ETF will incur administrative, storage, and insurance costs to boot). A well-run business does earn money. Assuming you're saving for the long haul (retirement or something several decades off) my suggestion for you would be to start by investing most of your money* in index funds to match the total world stock market (with something like the aforementioned NYSE:VT, for instance), a small portion in bonds, and a smaller portion in commodity funds. (For all the negative stuff I've said about market-timing, it's pretty clear that the bond market is very expensive right now, and so are the commodities!) Then, as you do additional research and determine what sort investments are right for you, add new investment money in the places that you think are appropriate - stock funds, bond funds, commodity funds, individual stocks, sector-specific funds, actively managed mutual funds, et cetera - and try to maintain a reasonable asset allocation. Have fun. *(Most of your investment money. You should have a separate fund for emergencies, and don't invest money in stocks if you know you're going need it within the next few years)."
In addition to our trailer hitches, Vehicle-Accessories also provides hitch plugs, ball mounts, locks, Rhino Rack Snowboard Carrier and other tow and trailer accessories. Once you make a purchase, you do not need to go search for a garage to fit out your vehicle. Vehicle-Accessories will expertly do it for you.Although it does not come paired with it, few folks realise that a step bar or running board is usually an essential part of every lift kit. At Vehicle-Accessories the staff will not fail to mention it.
"**Lewis F. Powell Jr.: Powell Memorandum**  On August 23, 1971, prior to accepting Nixon's nomination to the Supreme Court, Powell was commissioned by his neighbor, Eugene B. Sydnor Jr., a close friend and education director of the US Chamber of Commerce, to write a confidential memorandum titled ""Attack on the American Free Enterprise System,"" an anti-Communist, anti-New Deal blueprint for conservative business interests to retake America for the chamber. It was based in part on Powell's reaction to the work of activist Ralph Nader, whose 1965 exposé on General Motors, ""Unsafe at Any Speed,"" put a focus on the auto industry putting profit ahead of safety, which triggered the American consumer movement. Powell saw it as an undermining of Americans' faith in enterprise and another step in the slippery slope of socialism. His experiences as a corporate lawyer and a director on the board of Phillip Morris from 1964 until his appointment to the Supreme Court made him a champion of the tobacco industry who railed against the growing scientific evidence linking smoking to cancer deaths.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.23"
Ammo prices are the result of our constant wars. There are only so many bullet manufacturers and they are running 24 hour shifts to meet military demand. When we stop expending so much of it over in the desert they will be able to shift production back to domestic markets and prices will fall a little. Doubt they will ever go back to what they were though.
Yes, just SHA1 convert of my hash and then a search through the list. A couple of friends looked and they weren't there. It's about 10% apparently - I'd imagine 150m+ users are going to have more than 6.5m passwords amongst them.
We produce sheet metal products from simple bending to precision complex mechanical assemblies. Uidea has created our services for prototyping and low volume production and mass production with high quality, competitive pricing and short lead time. We have been dedicated to being the most reliable source in China for custom sheet metal fabrication from all over the world.
I see no reason why a US ID would be mandatory anywhere in the UK. I'm sure they have their own tax IDs in the UK. However, if the gallery requires US persons to submit US W-9 - then yes, you're covered under that requirement.
"You say: To clarify, my account is with BlackRock and the fund is titled ""MID   CAP GROWTH EQUITY-CLASS A"" if that   helps. Not totally sure what that   means. You should understand what you're investing in.  The fund you have could be a fine investment, or a lousy one.  If you don't know, then I don't know. The fund has a prospectus that describes what equities the fund has a position in.  It will also explain the charter of the fund, which will explain why it's mid-cap growth rather than small-cap value, for example.  You should read that a bit.  It's almost a sure thing that your father had to acknowledge that he read it before he purchased the shares! Again: Understand your investments."
Unfortunately when you deal with options you are going to have to accept some exposure to your greeks. So in your example, you could just buy back month ATM calls. Although delta is going to be pretty static across your portfolio (at least for say the first year, depending on ultima/zomma and other third order greeks) which will keep your lambdas in check, you're still exposed to vega which will ultimately skew lambdas across the board.   Such are the caveats of options - in order to obtain leverage you will need to take a *less* passive outlook, but not by much.
What is the dollar based off? how does a bank work? are these your questions?    They are too basic and elementary for me to bother. If you would like to argue instead how we are NOT a state-corporate oligarchy (instead of resorting to passive-aggressive simpleton questions), then we could have a lot more fun.
Comparing Buzzfee to Tesla is completely ridiculous, but your comparison is just as ludicrous.  Tesla's one of the best companies to emerge in the last decade.  They're the best selling car in their class.  They made the highest awarded car in every single category for their model year ON THEIR FIRST TRY.  It's like someone compared George W. Bush to George Washington, and then you went on to call them stupid because George Washington wasn't actually a good president.  You completely missed the irrationality of this comparison and then threw out something even more irrational.
The missing information is at the end of the first line: the price is from NASDAQ (most specifically Nasdaq Global Select), which is a stock exchange in the USA, so the price is in US Dollars.
"The SFGate had an article on this a few years ago: http://www.sfgate.com/business/networth/article/When-government-fines-companies-who-gets-cash-3189724.php ""Civil penalties, often referred to as fines, usually go to the U.S. Treasury or victims."" Short answer in the case you references it would be the US Treasury. In cases where there is a harmed party then they would get something to account for their loss. But it can get complicated depending on the crime."
The only thing that person is going to tell everyone is how to screw the local store by getting them to match a price they cannot realistically compete with.    Chances are the people they know are cheap asses and that's the only thing they are going to attract.  Screw that.
The thing about business is, it isn't engineering, medicine, or law. What value does inventing a whole other language add? When it's a shortcut, fine, but too often these phrases sprout up because MBAs want everyone to think they know something arcane and precious, and that's when cliches are a symptom of obfuscation, something engineers, doctors, and lawyers are certainly guilty of, albeit with more justification.
Quick action is important when water damage strikes. We restore your property and the belongings inside when we are called or emailed twenty-four to forty-eight hours in advance. When you get in touch promptly, you’ll be amazed to hire water damage restoration professionals like us.
One commenter brought up Steve Jobs (I think it's mandatory) and it seems like people forget that Apple's first project wasn't new or revolutionary. There were other personal computers out there, but it was what people wanted. People wanted a keyboard, wanted an easy to interface display, wanted to be able to add on to the system - they learned what the customer wanted by showing their early systems to others at the homebrew computer meetings, and people told them what they wanted.  Jobs and Woz delivered it. Nothing new, but it was just flat out good.
It's their money, if they don't want to spend it right now, how does that *hurt* anyone?  Until they spend their money, they have done a bunch of work and received useless pieces of paper.  In the period between when they make the money and when they spend it, other people can use that wealth for their own tasks.  What the hell is going on in articles like these? How could anyone possibly believe something so far from reality?
&gt; Also, in the past, a person with lower socioeconomic background, if they finish high school or got a BA, it would (for sure) really change their lives and they become middle or high class.  Because the cost was still going to keep most people out of university.   Finishing high school was never as hard as you suggest and didn't guarantee you any sort of job:  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2900934/  Overall high school graduation rates in 1968 were 5% lower than they were in 2004.  Seems like what you're arguing for doesn't support that education is bad, there is just more competition among workers with higher levels of education than ever, so degrees are less valued than the used to be when far fewer people had access.
You can access financial statements contained within 10K and 10Q filings using Last10K.com's mobile app: Last10K.com/mobile Disclosure: I work for Last10K.com
From Illinois. We have been racing to the bottom for years thanks to Chicago corruption and cronyism. Hell, our Attorney General is the daughter of Michael Madigan. He is in charge in Chicago and in the Illinois Legislature. She has not prosecuted one politician in 8 years for corruption. (Two of our former governors were sent prison for corruption by FEDERAL prosecutors.) She knows where the corruption is, but can't arrest Daddy.   Funny thing. She was going to announce her candidacy for a Governor. She thought her Dad would step down from his position so she could run. He refused. Yes, I know he is her step-father, but she goes by his name and calls him Dad. She had to trash your election plans. Mickey doesn't care about anyone, but himself.
No Democrat is going to run for reelection saying the economy is expanding at a nice clip. The reason: it's not and mostly they have created low paying part time jobs. And no mention of the enormous debt and bonds piling up at the Fed. What are we at now? $4 trillion?
"They have a software charging curve that ""increases"" the batteries capacity as it degrades over time. So the end user see's a more stable range over the life of the car rather than a gradual decline from the 60kwh it's rated as.  This is better for the batteries and ultimately the end user."
The only issue I have is with 4).  *Caveat emptor* always applies, and even if you accept the notion that S&amp;P was *criminally* misrepresenting bond quality, Fannie/Freddie still must do their own due diligence, and so I don't think they are off the hook here.  At worst, the execs running Fannie/Freddie are also guilty of criminal collusion; at best, they are guilty of massive incompetence.
"Assuming ""take advantage"" means continue to build wealth, as opposed to blow it all on a fancy holiday...  Downgrade As you already note, you could downgrade/downsize. This could happen via moving to a smaller house in the same area, or moving to an area where the cost of buying is less.  HELOC Take out a Home Equity Line of Credit. You could use the line of credit to do home improvements further boosting the asset value (forced appreciation, assuming the appreciation to date is simply market based). Caution is required if the house has already appreciated ""considerably"" - you want to keep the home value within tolerance levels for the area. (Best not to have the only $300K house on a street of $190K-ers...) Home Equity Loan Assuming you have built up equity in the house, you could leverage that equity to purchase another property. For most people this would form part of the jigsaw for getting the financing to purchase again."
"buying at Amazon is still retail, just not brick and mortar. The ""Magnet store in the Mall"" idea is dead, it isn't cost effective, the consumer doesn't want a ""department store"" in malls. They want small shops with tailored items and they will get everything else online.  Also, cost comparisons make it about economy of scale here, not online vs offline. That is why it is devolving to a Amazon vs Wal-Mart fight, they have the pockets to fund this expansion..."
I've always wondered why nobody has tried to use the broadcast spectrum for internet connectivity. Or at least tried to lobby for repurposing some of the spectrum for that purpose. I had always assumed there was some kind of technical limitation that kept it from being considered.  Seems like a much better use of our broadcast spectrum than our antiquated TV networks. Especially after the Fairness Doctrine was rescinded.
TravelGuysOnline provides the best hotel and flight booking service in the world. We also provide adventure tour many popular places throughout the world. With TravelGuysOnline you can find cheap hotel deals at the affordable price. Simply enter on our website and search where you want to go and your desired travel dates, and type our hotel search engine, We will show you within some second more than the result for your search.
Think of it this way:  1) You buy 1k in call options that will let you buy 100k of stock when they expire in the money in a year.   2) You take the 99k you would have spent on the stock and invest it in a risk free savings account.  3) Assume the person who sold you the call, immediately hedges the position by buying 100k of stock to deliver when the options expire.  The amount of money you could make on risk free interest needs to be comparable to the premium you paid the option writer for tying up their capital, or they wouldn't have made the trade. So higher risk free rates would mean a higher call price.   NOTE: The numbers are not equal because of the risk in writing the option, but they will move the same direction.
We should assume by default that every headline is clickbait now, unfortunately this is the business model of the internet. It's not good for accuracy and most articles are just a headline and some inane filler up words. I hope we'll smart up and find a better model for news soon.
I love Netflix, but mostly for the documentaries.  I miss the old History Channel and then later H2 when they were full of documentaries and actually educational and interesting programming.  Now they're just reality television like the rest of the crap on cable.  While I don't mind the occasional Disney film or other movie on Netflix, I usually still like to own physical copies of movies(like Star Wars) and if I don't care enough to own it, I usually don't care enough to watch it.  This doesn't really affect my streaming decisions at all.  I still have Amazon Prime(which I've had for over 10 years now because of the 2 day shipping, don't watch much on their streaming service but I have it on my Roku).  TBH I can see where Disney may lose money, because I for one have to really want to see something to buy a copy, and I don't care enough about most of their stuff to pay for a streaming sub specifically for their content.    In closing, this wont make me pay for their stuff or pirate it, I simply wont watch it(besides seeing Star Wars films in the theater and/or buying the Blu-ray).  I suppose I should catch up on what I'd like to see of theirs on Netflix before they remove it all in a year or two.
Dimon doesn't care about whether other countries get greater economic growth. He wants lower taxes and looser regulation for JP Morgan Chase, and is willing to make ambiguous or outright false statements about other countries in making the case for it.
Given your clarification that you re only intending to use cryptocurrency as a capital asset & a long term investment vehicle, and not as a business day trading or trading for others, I would say this definitely is NOT illegal. The tax man says cryptocurrency is property. The IRS made this clear in Notice 2014-21.  As long as you report it every time you do transfer it and an income loss/gain is triggered, I see nothing wrong here.
generally i have sufficient funds to last 5 years or so without an income.... When I was a broke kid I would check my accounts often though... so it's just not something I prioritize in my life, already too many other things have my attention.
"&gt; This seems like correlation and not causation… somebody who'll never overdraw their account won't bother getting overdraft protection.  I would actually say that makes it a causation rather than merely a correlation.  Why? Because people who sign up for overdraft protection are LESS likely to be careful/conscientious about their account balances or their spending habits (see they have ""overdraft protection"" so why worry?) ... and therefore more likely to overdraw their accounts (and to do so frequently).  By contrast people who do *not* have (or reject) overdraft protection are more likely to monitor their account balances and control/limit their spending in order to maintain a healthy balance.  BTW, I highly doubt this is ""news"" to the banks: they are almost certainly well aware of the phenomenon... which is one reason they promote their ""overdraft protection"" thingees."
I agree. I don't really see a good argument (not that there isn't one to be made) in the article saying how this is unusual or illegal. Why did the managers sell such a small amount of their holdings? Could they have sold more? Is this selling behavior and scheduling at all abnormal? The article fails to address a number of important questions.
"The definite answer if you want to give a larger amount of money is: Ask the charity. Just drop them a mail with something like: Dear Sirs, I've decided to donate you $1,000,000 because I like what you do. Could you please tell me which option is more convenient and less costly for you? I can do either an online debit/credit card payment, send you a check by mail, or make a bank transfer [cross out whichever you can't do]. I'm looking forward to hearing from you. Yours faithfully, Even if you give ""just"" $2,000, it's surely enough to be worth for them writing you a reply and clarifying whichever way they prefer, so you don't waste neither their time nor the money this way."
Do I need to declare it to IRS? The account? No. You do need to file a form W8-BEN with the bank though and make sure you maintain the correct information on it (it has your address there, so if you move - update it). Your account may be frozen until the form is provided, especially if it has activity on it. The 2-nd and 3-rd scenario would come as a result of some freelancing   activity done while I am out of the US (definitely would qualify for   Non-Resident Alien status). This you do have to report to the IRS. I'm guessing the payer is in the US, and would not know that you're a foreigner. In this case you're liable for taxes (if the payer knows you're a foreigner - they must withhold the taxes on your behalf). The payer will report payments to the IRS, so you have to submit your own tax return for a match. If there's activity on your account that might be suspicious, it will be reported to money laundering unit in the US Treasury Department, that may come after you through the treaties the US might have with your home country (tax treaty, extradition treaty, etc).
"If someone is guaranteeing X%, then clearly you can borrow money for less than X% (otherwise his claim wouldn't be remotely impressive).  So why not do that if his 4% is guaranteed? :) Anyway, my answer would be that beating the market as a whole is a ""decent"" rate of return.  I've always used the S&P 500 as a benchmark but you can use other indices or funds."
"Another interesting point by you.  So what's your definition of the ""right move"" then? Just let the market correct?  The reason I can't ascribe to that is because we've mucked with the market too much for it to be as self-managing as it could be. Price supports, protective regulation/taxation and things like that are creating artificial stability. We won't let anything big die, so nothing can grow into its place."
&gt;In April, President Xi Jinping announced that the government would build a new city designed to siphon people and businesses from Beijing's crowded center and serve as a model for urban development for the next thousand years.   Anyone who thinks they can do urban planning that would fit for the next 50 years is border line crazy, but 1000 years is full insanity.
Not really.  If Capitalism is an economic and political system in which a country's trade and industry are controlled by private owners for profit, *rather than by the state*, then the South Sea Bill was an example of trade and industry controlled by the State through State sponsored enterprise.  It is more a closely a description of State Socialism, with a large topping of Kleptocracy.
It is just a different category of stock issued by a company that gives its owners different treatment when it comes to dividend payment and a few other financial transactions. Preferred stock holders get treated with some preference with regard to the company's profits and assets. For example, dividends are typically guaranteed to preferred stock holders whereas the leadership in the company can elect at any time not to pay dividends to common stockholders. In the event the company is liquidated, the preferred stockholders also get to be in line ahead of common stockholders when the assets are distributed.
Most merchants (also in Europe) are reasonable, and typically are willing to work with you. credit card companies ask if you tried to work with the merchant first, so although they do not enforce it, it should be the first try. I recommend to give it a try and contact them first. If it doesn't work, you can always go to the credit card company and have the charge reversed. None of this has any effect on your credit score (except if you do nothing and then don't pay your credit card bill). For the future: when a transaction supposedly 'doesn't go through', have them write this on the receipt and give it to you. Only then pay cash. I am travelling 100+ days a year in Europe, using my US credit cards all the time, and there were never any issues - this is not a common problem.
A-Alberts provide the best Janitorial service in the Honolulu. We provide all kinds of buildings, from offices to the medical facilities, condominiums or industrial plants, where require thorough cleaning on the regular basis. From a few years, we have been committed to Janitorial Service Honolulu providing convenient the highest standards of cleaning services for clients. When we become a team, then you can focus on the business you want to do. We keep your working environment safe and clean.
But an axiomatic approach only works in a deterministic environment, it does not work in a probabilistic environment. By your own arguments, because humans have free will so economics cannot be equated with a deterministic branch like physics. At this point now you are just contradicting yourself over and over.   And it depends entirely on how accurate the axioms are. If observations do not match equation outcomes, then while the mathematics of the equation might be sound, the obvious conclusion is that the axioms themselves are faulty.
Very Interesting Math. Plain and Simple, it saves you $10.00. When 18% goes above $10 you loose the money, you save if it is (18% of the baae bill) is less than $10. This raises few questions: You are forced to give out 18% tips. You may wish to keep it at 10-15%. You have no choice. All thing considered, better to avoid such coupons. They force you to spend money, they force you to spend in a particular way and they force you to give a tip, you may not be inclined to.
Oftentimes men and women claim I have cash. What exactly if he or she carry out? Have a look at this excellent website and have immediate cash by respected on the net debt collectors. They also adaptable payment finances and also immediate cash outs. For your inescapable charges, here is the ideal site.
Straight line in this example should be just the $2MM per year.  I don't think the author of the problem intended you to use anything in the actual tax code like MACRS.  I think the goal of the problem is to get you to identify the value of the depreciation tax shield and how the depreciation does affect your cash flow by reducing your taxes, even though depreciation itself is not a cash event.
Well the Fucking Moron in the white house never had the courage to sign up, in fact he grew a pair of very convenient spurs to dodge his draft, instead a pair of man sized balls. If anything he should be ashamed of his cowardice and have more respect for the fallen and their families who had the courage to sign up to serve their nation.  And be glad for them, because were it not for them you would soon feel the beard of a taliban tickle the back of your neck as he asked you if you were enjoying what you had signed up for.
It was a glorified sports bar. TBH if I liked sports(and for some reason  I wanted to go somewhere then staying home...who knows why) I'd rather go to the BWW of the world then most bars.  :Shrugs:  Too bad I don't like sports...or going out when I could throw something at home.
It is a general truism but the reasons are that the rules change dramatically when you simply have more capital. Here are some examples, limited to particular kinds of markets: Under $2,000 in capital Nobody is going to offer you a margin account, and if you do get one it isn't with the best broker on commissions and other capabilities. So this means cash only trading, enjoy your 3 business day settlement periods. This means no shorting, confining a trader to only buy and hold strategies, making them more dependent on luck than a more capable trader. This means it is more expensive to buy stock, since you have to put down 100% of the cash to hold a share, whereas someone with more money puts down less capital to hold the exact same number of shares. This means no covered options strategies or spreads, again limiting the market directions where a trader could earn Under $25,000 in capital In the stock market, the pattern day trader rule applies to retail margin accounts with a balance under $25,000 and this severally limits the kinds of trades you are able to take because of the limit in the number of trades you can take in a given time period. Forget managing a multi-leg option position when the market isn't moving your direction. Under $125,000 in capital Worse margin rules. You excluded portfolio margin from your post, but it is a key part of the answer Over $1,000,000 in capital Participate in private placements, regulation D offerings reserved for accredited investors. These days, as buy and hold investments, these generally have more growth potential than publicly traded offerings. Over $5,000,000 in capital You can easily get the compliance and risk manager to turn the other way on margin rules. This is not conjecture, leverage up to infinity, try not to bankrupt yourself and the trading firm.
&gt; the only thing which could be a viable replacement or substitute for oil is large-scale use of nuclear power.  Couple that with large scale adoption of plug-in hybrids and the price of oil would be far less important in the US.
As no one has mentioned them I will...  The US  Treasury issues at least two forms of bonds that tend to always pay some interest even when prevailing rates are zero or negative.  The two that I know of are TIPS and I series bonds. Below are links to the descriptions of these bonds: http://www.treasurydirect.gov/indiv/research/indepth/tips/res_tips.htm http://www.treasurydirect.gov/indiv/research/indepth/ibonds/res_ibonds.htm
Excise tax on the excess contribution is 6% a year on the amount of the contribution. In addition, gains will be taxable to you. By adding 20K over the limit, you added $1200 to your tax bill. Withdraw it ASAP. Whatever investment you have in your IRA - you can probably buy it (or a comparable) outside of the IRA.
"'Note that ""to keep an investor from lowering their tax bill"" is not an explanation'. Well, yes it is. In fact  it is the only explanation. The rule plainly exists to prevent someone from realizing a loss when their economic situation remains unchanged before/after a sale. Now, you might say 'but I have suffered a loss, even if it is unrealized!' But, would you want to pay tax on unrealized gains? The tax system still caters to reducing the tax impact of investments, particularly capital investments. Part and parcel with the system of taxing gains only when realized, is that you can recognize losses only when realized. Are there other ways to 'artificially' reduce taxable income? Yes. But the goal of a good tax system should be to reduce those opportunities. Whether you agree that it is fair for the government to prevent this tax-saving opportunity, when others exist, is another question. But that is why the rule exists."
Pricing of most books used for university courses looks like this (as many lecturers simply ask for the current edition, even if there were no significant discoveries in the field of study). I do not have the specifics for Hull, but compare both table of contents, and if close enough, save yourself Rs. 6400
I don't see any trading activity on rough rice options, so I'll just default to gold.  The initial margin on a gold futures contract is $5,940. An option on a gold futures represents 1 contract. The price of an October gold futures call with a strike of $1310 is currently $22.70. Gold spot is currently $1308.20. The October gold futures price is $1307.40. So, yeah, you can buy 1 option to later control 1 futures for $22.70, but the moment you exercise you must have $5,940 in a margin account to actually use the futures contract. You could also sell the option. I don't know how much you're going to enjoy trading options on futures though -- the price of this option just last week ranged from $13.90 to $26, and last month it ranged from $15.40 to $46.90. There's some crazy leverage involved.
"So if you know what's inside a DB plan, you'll agree with me that the poor results of DB plans from the likes of Ford, GM, and others like state plans are the result of *poor management*, as opposed to the idea that these plans were a bad idea from the start.  I have to disagree a bit with your lottery analogy; winning the lottery is a one-time event that is almost always beneficial - in almost every way - to the winner.  It's an additive source of income above and beyond what was anticipated.  On the other hand, taking one set of financial outcomes that the recipient had planned on for possibly decades, and replacing it with ""good luck with this"" is *rarely* beneficial to the recipient, regardless of their ""personal discount rate"" (if they even know what such a thing is)."
The stores track the individual items for inventory planning and marketing purposes. Having worked in the transaction processing business for a time (writing one), I can say with confidence that the credit/debit card companies do not receive an itemized list of the items involved in the transaction. There is usually a description field in the information transmitted to the processor, which may or may not contain useful information. But it is not big enough to contain an itemized grocery list of any size. And it is not standardized in any way that would facilitate reliable parsing. There may be an amount of metadata about the transaction that would indicate the types of products involved in the transaction, which they can also infer from the merchant reporting the transaction. There are efforts to increase the amount of data reported, but they are not widely used yet, due to the overwhelming numbers of banks that would need to be upgraded. These efforts are rolling out only in specific and limited uses where the banks involved are willing to upgrade software and equipment. For now, the best way to know what you bought is to keep your receipts from the store. Shoeboxes work great for this. So do smartphone cameras and a folder on your hard drive. There are also mobile apps that track receipts for you, and may even try to OCR the data for you.
What does that even mean  evidence Chinese on average have high IQ than whites? Is IQ a standard on skills based on experiences or the ability to fill out tests?   What Chinese, in what region, in what period? The same goes for what whites?  German Shepherds were breed differently than shih tzu's and were trained for different roles. If you trained Shih Tzus like Germans Shepards there intelligence would rise as well.   Humans were not breed so using dogs as a analogy is false analogy.
But if you add a security to the index you also remove one from the index, thus both a buy and sell. If weights change some go up, some go down thus some need to be purchased and some need to be sold.   So I still don't see how ETFs are net sinks beyond their simple AUM.
I would steer well clear of this. The risk is that they take your money but don't pay the bank. This wouldn't require dishonesty - what if they run into financial trouble? Any money of yours that they have that hasn't gone on to the bank yet might end up paying off other debts instead of yours. It's not clear if the idea is that you are paying them all the money up front or will be making payments over time, but either way if they don't clear the lien with the bank then the bank can come after the car no matter who is in physical possession of it. That would leave you without either the money or the car. In theory you'd have a legal claim against the seller, but in reality you'd probably find it hard to collect.
Regardless of the technicalities of how information was stolen through Kapersky, I am wondering why anyone would use antivirus software, which by definition must operate at a privileged level, that's produced by a company in a country like Russia or China. We already know for a fact that Tencent's WeChat programmatically monitors, censors, and likely reports thought crimes, and I would be surprised if Kapserky is NOT an agent of the Russian government to a similar capacity.
These are yields for the government bonds. EuroZone interest rates are much lower (10 times lower, in fact) than the UK (GBP zone) interest rates. The rates are set by the central banks.
"&gt;The rules are regulations are setup as needed  As needed by whose definition?   &gt;Govt. sets new rules as needed as a response to something, not because people in the govt. who change every few years feel so.  And you just claimed you weren't naive!   &gt;all adhering to the same laws  Government doesn't follow laws, it makes them. YOU are the one expected to follow laws.   &gt;it makes sense to keep it and if not, it gets repealed  What resounding bullshit! Let's talk about how many laws are passed versus how many are repealed. Why is pot illegal?   &gt;Govt. does care about fairness  Bizarrely oblivious to reality.  &gt;HFT's existing is proof that govt. lets free market and private business start things as it pleases till such time as it stops being fair for all.  There's no ""let"" to it. The government is not physics, where nothing happens without its leave.   &gt;Govt. is not really an inhibitor to free market  You don't know what a free market is, if you think the main thing that inhibits and distorts markets and makes them NOT free, ""is not really an inhibitor"".   &gt;Govt. is just people who agreed with it, joined the govt and made it so and others agreed  I don't agree, yet I will be isolated or killed if I refuse to obey.  &gt;If we don't agree in future, it can be changed.  Hilariously naive. When were you *ever* asked consent?   &gt;There is a term as regulated free market  There is no such thing as a ""regulated free market"". That's like saying ""white black"" or ""inside outside"". They are opposites.   &gt;I don't think you really want to talk  I don't think you want to listen.  &gt;You just want to spew your ignorant libertarian viewpoints  And you're spewing wildly ignorant statist bullshit.   &gt;You just blindly believe the govt. is always wrong with no logic or justification, just like religious people.  You're the one with religion here, and it's government you're worshiping. If government is a religion, I'm an atheist.   &gt;But it is some times and it does do the right things many times  Well golly gee, better blindly adhere to it then!   &gt;But I don't believe like you do at all because I think for myself and reason.  Sounds like you're letting government think for you, but accusing *me* of blindly following others *who I don't even give a shit about!* Stossel is a jackass, and Paul is irrelevant.   &gt;I won't bother replying to you anymore  Just want to spew a bunch of wild bullshit and demand that I not reply, huh? Just want to expound freely on something you know nothing about and refuse to listen when someone tries to show you how you're wrong?  &gt;So you've never been taken to reason or logic like others have to you on this board.   Oh my, thank you for saving me with your ""reason"" and ""logic"". Clearly I've been a fool.  &gt;Look at the other replies to your posts - almost all contradict you.  Popularity is not correctness. Lots of times in human history, common opinion has been fucking retarded. Flies auto-generating from rotting meat? Earth being the center of existence? Lots of people believe lots of dumb shit, just like you."
"&gt;First off the SEC is under-funded anyhow  And insane homeless persons don't have a lot of operating capital, but that doesn't change the fact that they would not make good use of more capital if they had it. The SEC is a joke, a completely captured entity.   &gt;I disagree. First off the SEC is under-funded anyhow, and most economists agree that there needs to be better regulation of the exchanges; ya know since it can fucking crash our economy and send us into WW3.  They only have this power because the government gave it to them! If the government took away the titty, we'd see the financial services industry wither back to a reasonable size.   &gt;Secondly, it's a flat Transaction tax much like any other State Sales Tax. State Sales Tax is arguably the most successful form of taxation there is, b/c it's so damn easy to implement, and so damn easy to audit.  Sidestepping of course whether or not the states have any right to this sort of taxation in the first place.   &gt;You're blowing this thing way out of proportion. They require the markets to charge a Transaction tax, and then they do periodic audits to ensure each exchange is doing it.  Enron had periodic audits also, and it didn't mean a fucking thing. So did Lehman Brothers, and all the other crap piles.  &gt;If you think that letting a market die and having new ones pop up periodically is a good idea then holy shit.   ""If you think that letting a person die while new ones are born is a good idea then holy shit.""   We evolve and improve through death and replacement. Use of force to avoid a natural death leads to massive distortions in our mutual reality.   &gt;Financial markets need stability &amp; regulation. Finance doesn't like uncertainty.  Markets need stability, stability is created by flexibility in response to changing conditions. Regulations reduce flexibility which creates instability. Finance doesn't like uncertainty and boy, I don't like it when it rains and I forgot my jacket, but *you cannot control the Universe!* You have to respect that the world is not at your command, and if you can't live with that, adapt to it, and work anyway, you just need to die and let someone more capable take your place.   Basically, if physics worked like you think, we'd never have made it past the Big Bang because reality would be too concerned with the resulting instability and uncertainty."
That's just an example of what the taxi industry looks like without regulation. Obviously, these regulations vary by city and state, but if a driver did that in my city and you reported it, the company would be in some big shit with the city.
"If you file the long-form Form 2210 in which you have to figure out  exactly how much you should have had withheld (or paid via quarterly payments of estimated tax), you might be able to reduce the underpayment penalty somewhat, or possibly eliminate it entirely.  This often happens because some of your income comes late in the year (e.g. dividend and capital gain distributions from stock mutual funds) and possibly because some of your itemized deductions come early (e.g. real estate tax bills due April 1, charitable deductions early in the year because of New Year resolutions to be more philanthropic) etc.  It takes a fair amount of effort to gather up the information you need for this (money management programs help), and it is easy to make mistakes while filling out the form. I strongly recommend use of a ""deluxe"" or ""premier"" version of a tax program - basic versions might not include Form 2210 or have only the short version of it. I also seem to remember something to the effect that the long form 2210 must be filed with the tax return and cannot be filed as part of an amended return, and if so, the above advice would be applicable to future years only. But you might be able to fill out the form and appeal to the IRS that you owe a reduced  penalty, or don't owe a penalty at all, and that your only mistake was not filing the long form 2210 with your tax return and so please can you be forgiven this once? In any case, I strongly recommend paying the underpayment   penalty ASAP because it is increasing day by day due to   interest being charged.  If the IRS agrees to your eloquent   appeal, they will refund the overpayment."
"Never understood why any company would want to be beholden to complete strangers that you would never hire to begin with. I cringe when I watch shareholders' meetings and people talk about ""Well, as shareholders, we're worried about/what are you gonna do about xyz"""
All the gory details are available here. More specifically your personal limit will be listed on you last tax assessment notice, that you would have received last April-ish when you filed last year's taxes. As a first approximation, your situation may differ, if you have never contributed anything, your limit is likely $15,000 (as the program has been running three years as of 2011).
If you RTFA it discusses the difference in REAL GDP. While it's clear that no single politician controls the economy, at least read the shit before you try to sound all high and mighty.   Do you know what real GDP growth is?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.saukvalley.com/2017/07/25/illinois-is-still-in-critical-condition/ay0pnm5/) reduced by 82%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The decision by Illinois legislators to raise personal and corporate taxes averted a downgrading of the state&amp;#039;s bonds to &amp;quot;Junk&amp;quot; status but fell far short of addressing the state&amp;#039;s fiscal problems in any meaningful way.  &gt; The report states that the $5 billion in tax increases &amp;quot;Alleviates immediate liquidity pressures, moves the state closer to fiscal balance and should keep pension and other fixed costs at manageable levels at least in the near term.""  &gt; In a state where fiscal policy has been the product of short-term thinking dominated by political considerations, Moody&amp;#039;s stated that &amp;quot;Long term challenges remain&amp;quot; that can only be effectively addressed by sound policy proposals.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6urksx/illinoiss_troubled_future/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~194695 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **state**^#1 **Moody**^#2 **fiscal**^#3 **Illinois**^#4 **economy**^#5"
&gt;Lack of demand??? There is no such thing as a lack of demand. People will always demand stuff they want and need.   Lack of purchasing power. You get laid off from your job. Does that mean everything you used to purchase is now overly inflated and misallocated? No. Yet the *demand* for those things just went down because you have no money. Multiply times many millions and you get a self-reinforcing shortfall in aggregate demand. Capacity to produce can't meet desire to consume for systemic lack of money.
"Welcome to Money.SE. Please forgive what might sound like a cliche, ""How well do you sleep at night?"" I mean, specific to the mortgage. There are those who are in a group who consider debt, at any rate, to be inherently bad, and would not take on a 2% mortgage even if a different bank were offering 4% CDs. You just need to understand the risk.  Your mortgage cost after taxes may be 2.625% (if you are in the 25% bracket) therefore, your break even is 3.09% for long term investments. The recent ""lost decade"" had a return of -9.5% for the full 10 year period. This is just about the worst decade in modern history. The average 10 year return is a cumulative 183% gain, with a standard deviation of 138%. If a perfect bell curve, this means that 1 10 year in 6 will give you a return under 45%. In fact, of the last 100 10 year periods, 15 had returns less than 45%, and just 8 were less than 30%, right in line with the bell curve stats. We always need to say ""past performance is no guarantee of future results,"" yet, when it comes to the market (I use the S&P for my numbers, by the way) we do have history to give us an idea of the kind of volatility we might see over the years. In my opinion, your approach is sound, and your returns very skewed to the positive, the median 10 year return being 138%, vs your cost of money of 40% or so for a decade.  It's pretty easy to pull S&P data into a spreadsheet and analyze as you wish."
I just got hit with the late payment penalty due to a bug in the H&R Block tax program.  The underpayment was only $2 and the penalty was a whopping 1 cent.   The letter that informed me of the error also said that they did not consider the $2.01 worth collecting, the amount owed had been zeroed.
This looks more like an aggregation problem. The Dividends and Capital Gains are on quite a few occassions not on same day and hence the way Yahoo is aggregating could be an issue. There is a seperate page with Dividends and capital gains are shown seperately, however as these funds have not given payouts every year, it seems there is some bug in aggregating this info at yahoo's end. For FBMPX http://uk.finance.yahoo.com/q/hp?s=FBMPX&b=2&a=00&c=1987&e=17&d=01&f=2014&g=v https://fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/fees-and-prices/316390681 http://uk.finance.yahoo.com/q/pr?s=FBMPX
"ECI is relevant to non-resident aliens who are engaged in trade or business in the US. For that, you have to be present in the US, to begin with, or to own a business or property in the US. So the people to whom it is relevant are non-resident aliens in the US or business/property owners, not foreign contractors.  From the IRS: The following categories of income are usually considered to be   connected with a trade or business in the United States. You are considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the United States if you are temporarily present in the United States as a   nonimmigrant on an ""F,"" ""J,"" ""M,"" or ""Q"" visa. The taxable part of any   U.S. source scholarship or fellowship grant received by a nonimmigrant   in ""F,"" ""J,"" ""M,"" or ""Q"" status is treated as effectively connected   with a trade or business in the United States. If you are a member of a partnership that at any time during the tax year is engaged in a trade or business in the United States, you   are considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the United   States. You usually are engaged in a U.S. trade or business when you perform personal services in the United States. If you own and operate a business in the United States selling services, products, or merchandise, you are, with certain exceptions,   engaged in a trade or business in the United States. For example,   profit from the sale in the United States of inventory property   purchased either in this country or in a foreign country is   effectively connected trade or business income. Gains and losses from the sale or exchange of U.S. real property interests (whether or not they are capital assets) are taxed as if you   are engaged in a trade or business in the United States. You must   treat the gain or loss as effectively connected with that trade or   business. Income from the rental of real property may be treated as ECI if the taxpayer elects to do so."
Every insurance company has a pricing factor for every car they insure that along with factors about the driver is used to set rates. The story was that AAA was adjusting it's factor for Tesla models. Insurance companies do this all time as they collect more data. This is only news because people like to talk about Tesla.
Ponzi schemes (or pyramid schemes) are based on paying earlier investors from the money invested by the later ones. For Ponzi scheme, the idea is generally to distribute some relateviely high consistent dividend/payout based on the inflow of money from new investors. As long as new investors are coming, the scheme can be sustained for quite some time (see the Madoff's example that spanned over decades). In the mean time the scheme operator can take (some of) the investment money to himself (legally as fees and salary, illegally as embezzling). The scheme operator doesn't actually have to put in any money other than some organizational expenses. However, at some point the new investors' money won't be enough to pay all the existing investors (inevitably, sooner or later, since the dividend payout grows with each new investor and there are no infinite exponential amount of new investors to cover for it). That's when the $#!+ hits the fan and sons of the schemers start ending up hanging from the ceiling. Pyramid scheme is built on similar idea, but the dividend payout varies based on the level of the investor (i.e.: the investor gets paid based on how many new ones he brought in, and how many new ones rooted from them). Thus the incentive to bring new investors is directly shifted to the investors themselves. The schemers here are at the top and get the most payouts from all the rest of the participants. They themselves usually put no or very little investment. However, the end result is the same: couldn't possibly be enough investors to sustain this model forever, and it will inevitably fail at some point. When such a scheme fails - the paying fund ends up being bankrupt, either due to cashflow problems (not enough money in to pay money out) or because all the money dries out (usually - both). How to detect - if the reports are not falsified (which in most cases they are) you'll see clearly that there's no actual investment income in the cash-flow. But, the reports are usually falsified to conceal this exact fact. So, that's where the independent auditors and regulatory oversight come in handy. Generally, if an investment fund doesn't have a reputable independent auditor - stay away.
"Perhaps in a pendantic sense, it is useless. But likewise the number of people that work for them is irrelevant here as well.  What matters is the portion of GDP generated across company size, and the means by which some of that is recaptured by the people to (a) repay for the investment in the economic infrastructure that allowed the companies to make that money in the first place, and (b) invest in future infrastructure that is of benefit to companies, ultimately all of which is done for the purposes of betterment of the people of the country.  The relevance then is what portion of the GDP is generated by which while size category of business. If we just take large versus small and medium enterprise (SME), with the boundary being 500 employees or fewer, and we excluding farming (which the stats seem to universally do), U.S. GDP is generated by [50.7% non-farm SMEs](http://www.statcan.gc.ca/pub/11f0027m/11f0027m2011070-eng.pdf) (compared to 54.7% in Canada). They also appear to employ more than 50% of all private workers.  Of additional importance is the dynamic effect. That is, if large companies can grow faster because of lower effective taxation, that means SMEs will tend to fall further and further behind not out of a fair and open marketplace, but because of unfair taxation.  Generally speaking, the reverse is preferred. Because diversity of competition brings huge value for innovation (the same as in crop breeding techniques), as well as the poor economic performance of monopolies and oligopolies, you want to hinder large companies from becoming too large and instead break them up in to many smaller components. Hence incentives should work the reverse of the above, meaning larger companies should be paying a higher percentage tax than the SMEs, not to mention the ""too big to fail"" problem, and all for the good of the people."
I would advise to never cash out retirement funds unless you're actually retired, or in case of an extreme emergency. Not only because of the huge tax bill that you'd incur (as @Rick mentioned - in addition to your top bracket rate - add 10%), but also because you will never be able to recover from the loss. Your current retirement fund is the one that will compound the most. By the time you deposit the same amounts you're thinking of withdrawing now, the compound effect would have grown the original amount further. By the time you could catch up - it would compound further. You will never be able to repair the damage of early withdrawal at this stage. Consider this calculation (lets say you worked for 10 years out of 40 years of your career path, and have $1K to deposit a year, for ease of computation): Essentially, by withdrawing now, you'll reduce your retirement savings by about 50% in thirty years from now. How much is that 6% interest on your student loan? I seriously doubt its worth it.
What?    How do you lose by paying employees more?  You get the best employees, they are happier, lower turn over and more productive. This is not an example of the prisoner's dilemma at all.  If there were an advantage in paying more to employees, that advantage would be increased by your competitors not doing it.
"[ See Hopstar's comment : ](http://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/ujwei/dont_mean_to_be_alarmist_but_the_tv_business_may/c4w52l9)  &gt; They're an exception to all of this because they're owned by ""a joint venture of NBCUniversal (Comcast/General Electric), Fox Entertainment Group (News Corp) and Disney-ABC Television Group (The Walt Disney Company), with funding by Providence Equity Partners, the owner of Newport Television...""  &gt; Even with the full support of three major conglomerates, the service is still gimped (delays in broadcasting new episodes, limited availability of past episodes/seasons) by their fear of change."
One more scenario is when the company already has maturing debt.  e.g Company took out a debt of 2 billion in 2010 and is maturing 2016. It has paid back say 500 million but has to pay back the debtors the remaining 1.5 billion. It will again go to the debt markets to fund this 1.5 billion maybe at better terms than the 2010 issue based on market conditions and its business. The debt is to keep the business running or grow it. The people issuing debt will do complete research before issuing the debt. It can always sell stock but that results in dilution and affects shareholders. Debt also affects shareholders but when interest rates are lower, companies tend to go to debt markets. Although sometimes they can just do a secondary and be done with it if the float is low.
There are a couple of ways to buy into a private company.  First, the company can use equity crowd funding (approved under the JOBS act, you don't need to be an accredited investor for this).   The offering can be within one state (i.e. Intrastate offerings) which don't have the same SEC regulations but will be governed by state law.   Small companies (small assets, under $1 million) can be made under Regulation D, Rule 504.  For assets under $5 million, there is Rule 505, which allows a limited number of non-accredited investors.  Unfortunately, there aren't a lot of 504 and 505 issues. Rule 506 issues are common, and it does allow a few non-accredited investors (I think 35), but non-accredited investors have to be given lots of disclosure, so often companies use a Rule 506 issue but only for accredited investors.
"Jeez - you want me to come over and read the articles to you as well?   &gt;Ghana operates the National Health Insurance Scheme to provide citizens with health insurance. The level of premiums citizens must pay varies according to their level of income. Most medical facilities are run directly by the Ministry of Health or Ghana Health Service.[8]  &gt;Rwanda operates a system of universal health insurance through the Ministry of Health called Mutuelle de Santé (Mutual Health), a system of community-based insurance where people pay premiums based on their income level into local health insurance funds, with the wealthiest paying the highest premiums and required to cover a small percentage of their medical expenses, while those at the lowest income levels are exempt from paying premiums and can still utilize the services of their local health fund. In 2012, this system insured all but 4% of the population.[11]  &gt;Israel has a system of universal healthcare as set out by the 1995 National Health Insurance Law. The state is responsible for providing health services to all residents of the country, who can register with one of the four national health service funds. To be eligible, a citizen must pay a health insurance tax.  Now if you want to be nitpicky about whether income-based taxes levied on an individual for nation-wide healthcare counts as ""requiring a person to purchase insurance"" you can - but I think we both know that level of semantics is reserved for people who've said something stupid and now have to retreat into word games."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://news.azpm.org/p/news-articles/2017/8/9/115113-remittances-to-mexico-continue-growth-to-record-high/) reduced by 56%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; MEXICO CITY - Remittances in Mexico have hit a record high, and the American economy and politics played a key role in the increase.  &gt; He said remittances have been increasing in the past few years as the American economy continues to grow and Mexicans continue to migrate to the U.S. &amp;quot;The job market in the U.S. has recovered from the unemployment rate generated by the 2007-2008 crisis. This has allowed Mexican immigrants to send more money to our country, not only nowadays, but in the past few years,&amp;quot; de la Cruz said.  &gt; &amp;quot;Some immigrants are sending part of their savings in the U.S. to Mexico to avoid losing them in case they get deported; however, we need to keep in mind that remittances have been increasing since, at least, a year and a half,&amp;quot; De la Cruz said.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6uralu/remittances_to_mexico_continue_growth_to_record/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~194663 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Remittances**^#1 **immigrants**^#2 **U.S.**^#3 **Mexican**^#4 **Cruz**^#5"
&gt;OK, great, where do I apply for my refund?  An odd question, but I'll answer it if you really don't know.  Tax credits will only likely be a refund if you pay too much tax during the year, otherwise they will be reductions in your yearly tax bill.  In most countries, tax credits are awarded when paying taxes.  Assuming you are from the United States, that would likely be in April on your individual income tax form.  Tax credits can be earned for doing anything the government deems desirable or worthy of exception.  Examples include buying a first house, having children, starting or running a business, paying tuition, adopting a child,  caring for an elderly or disabled person, earning money overseas, paying certain types of medical insurance, and being married in addition to purchasing a zero emission or low emission vehicle.
"Great topic, as interest rate swaps are one of the most commonly used derivatives by bank. In the simplest form, an interest rate swap is an exchange of payments between two parties.   Say party A has a $100 loan with a fixed 4.25% interest rate, and party B also has a $100 loan with a variable rate, lets say prime plus 1% (prime is 3.25, so B is also paying 4.25%).   Party A thinks interest rates are going to go lower and wants to lower his interest expense, while party B is a small company and doesn't want to be exposed to variable interest rates and needs to have a steady cash flow to project his budget.  Party A and B agree to enter into an interest Rate swap for a notional amount of $100 where Party A agree to pay B prime plus 1% (fixed for floating) and party B agrees to pay A 4.25% (floating for fixed) for some period of time they agree upon (usually the maturity of the loan).  Now from the start, the swap has a market value of $0, since A and B both receive the same as they are paying. As interest rates move, the value of the swap moves. Say interest rates fall, and prime is now 2%. B still pays 4.25% to A (he agreed to pay a fixed 4.25% no matter what) and A only pays 3% (prime plus 1%) to B. Remember the terms of the individuals loans did not change, so A owes $4.25 to his bank and B owes $3 to his bank. Party A uses the $4.25 from B to pay his bank, and pays $3 to B. Party A has lowered his interest expense by $1.25 and his position is considered ""in-the-money"", which means he is benefitting from the transaction. Party B gets $3 from A but still owes his bank $4.25. In reality, the transaction nets out to B paying A $1.25, rather than both A and B paying each other different amounts. B is ""out-of-the-money"" because in aggregate he is paying A. The market value of the swap would be the present value of that $1.25 benefit A receives, discounted using expected future interest rates (the same number but negative is the value to B).  Please ask if you have additional questions or need clarifications."
The other thing to remember is seasonality.  Just because monthly rent is $900/month doesn't guarantee that you'll bring in $900/month.  Plenty of university towns have peak demand during the months of Aug/Sept when students are moving in, but you have to beg//plead//give discounted rent to keep units full during 'off-season' times.  Assuming vacancy during 3 months/year, your average monthly rent is only $675. ($900 * 9 / 12) This may change the economics of your investment.
I don't know about that particular program, but more often than training foreign doctors are US medical schools are simply hiring doctors trained in foreign medical schools. Unlike most disciplines, the AMA controls the number of medical students admitted each year to medical colleges. This keeps the supply of doctors down, unlike, say, paw school or MBA programs, where there could be more supply than demand. The lack of demand keeps the wages high for doctors, but the alleged reason for restricting student numbers is higher quality. As far as giving the limited seats to immigrants, it doesn't affect supply. Hiring foreign trained doctors who pass the USMLE does affect supply; that is an example of using immigrant labor to increase worker supply and drive down wages.
I would suggest you to put your money in an FD for a year, and as soon as you get paid the interest, start investing that interest in a SIP(Systematic investment plan). This is your safest option but it will not give you a lot of returns. But  I can guarantee that you will not lose your capital(Unless the economy fails as a whole, which is unlikely).  For example: - you have 500000 rupees. If you put it in a fixed deposit for 1 year, you earn 46500 in interest(At 9% compounded quarterly). With this interest you can invest Rs.3875(46500/12) every month in an SIP for 12 months and also renew your FD, so that you can keep earning that interest.So at the end of 10 years, you will have 5 lacs in your FD and Rs. 4,18,500 in your SIP(Good funds usually make 13-16 % a year). Assuming your fund gives you 14%, you make: -  1.) 46500 at 14% for 9 years - 1,51,215 2.)8 years - 1,32,645 3.) 7 years - 1,16,355 4.) 6 years - 1,02,066 5.) 5 years - 89,531 6.) 4 years - 78,536 7.) 3 years - 68891 8.) 2 years 60,431 9.) 1 year - 53010 Total Maturity Value on SIP = Rs, 8,52,680 Principal on FD =      Rs 5,00,000 Interest earned on 10th year = Rs. 46,500 Total = Rs. 13,99,180(14 lacs). Please note: - Interest rates and rate of return on funds may vary. This figure can only be assumed if these rates stay the same.:). Cheers!
If you can't muster up the fortitude to tell him you don't want this to be a partnership, you'll never succeed at having your own business.  Be firm but kind, and use it as a litmus test for how well you can make firm decisive action.
I highly recommend passive investing through something like betterment (www.betterment.com) or vanguard's ETFs.  FutureAdvisor.com can provide some good advice as to what funds to invest in. I'd recommend using that money to max out your Roth IRAs each year, too.
The options market seems to disagree...  While the implied volatility is greater than the historical volatility.. At 23% the implied isn't much higher than the past implied-vol. I'll trust the market over the stock-twits chairman.  http://www.cboe.com/framed/IVolframed.aspx?content=http%3a%2f%2fcboe.ivolatility.com%2foptions.j%3fcontract%3dC0F1D96A-D9C7-49D2-8941-45DC1B0E0B0F&amp;sectionName=SEC_TRADING_TOOLS&amp;title=CBOE%20-%20IVolatility%20Services  ... that being said -- I (like everyone and their sister) think we break 100 and move hard to 104-105.
Look at the basic cost of the lease.  Option 1: keep the car for three years. Pay for repairs during that time then sell it for $7,000. Option 2: Sell the current car for $10,000. Lease a new car for three years. Assume no need for repairs during those three years. At the end of the three years return the car in return for $0. Cost of option 1 is $3000 plus repairs.  Cost of Option 2 is 36 months x monthly lease cost. The first $83 of the monthly lease cost is to cover the $3000 fixed cost of option 1. The rest of the monthly lease cost is to cover the cost of repairs. Also remember that some leases have a initial down payment due at signing, and penalties for condition, and excess mileage. The lease company may also require a higher level of insurance for the lease to cover their investment if you have an accident.  Plus If you fall in love with a different car two year from now, or your needs change you are locked in until the end of the lease period.
"Assuming United States; rules may be wildly different elsewhere... The ""family loan"" trick essentially lets you amortize a gift over multiple years of gift allowance and hopefully dodge gift tax, at the cost of having to pay income tax on the interest you must charge on the loan. The main advantage is that it lets you transfer all the money up front, rather than in $17,000-a-year-per-person-per-person chunks. Let's take the normal case first. Any one person can give any one person up to a specified amount (currently $17k, I believe,) without incurring gift tax. Note that this is counted per person, not per household; you and your spouse could each give $17k per year to each of your son and his spouse under this rule, adding up to $68k per year total.  The family loan dodge consists of making them a loan of the money at the mandated minimum interest rate to make it a legal loan (something like 0.3% APR last time I looked), setting the repayment schedule so their payments each year including interest come out to less than you can gift them with tax-free, and then making that gift by paying (yourself) those payments on their behalf. You do need to pay income tax on the portion of those payments that represents interest income, but at that low rate this is a minor cost for the convenience. You'd also want to set up your will to cover what happens if you die with them still owing money on the loan. And this, I believe, is where you will really need expert advice if you go this route, to minimize the government's cut at that time. There may be better answers. If you are talking about this much money, you owe it to yourself to purchase expert advice from someone who has training and experience n this area, rather than taking free advice from the Internet that is likely to cost you much more in the long run. This is a situation where you can't afford not to hire a pro. (For example, I have no idea how trusts might or might not fit your needs.)"
"There's truth to that, although I'm not sure if the ratio is quite 6 to 1. It IS true that they are processing foreclosures much slower now after the robo-signing fiasco, and also that there is some justification for letting a house stay occupied rather than sit empty.  I disagree with your assertion that ""smart banks"" would dump massive amounts of property at a loss. Selling their inventory quickly would slim their balance sheet (which they been trying to do) and let huge losses flow through their income statement. That's a bad way to achieve a good end, even though the changes are purely accounting and not economic. That's not smart for any business, operating in a vacuum and independent of competition, whether a bank or a retailer. Should GM and Ford sell their backlogs of cars at a massive loss now, just to get rid of the property? There's underlying, economic, intrinsic value.  Properties in the biggest bust markets, like LV and Phoenix, are down 2/3rds from the prices around 05/06; one would argue that the prices are so low they fail to make economic sense. Florida was a huge bust market, but today's NY Times (http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/28/us/miami-courts-free-spending-brazilians.html?_r=1&amp;scp=2&amp;sq=brazil&amp;st=cse) talks about a recovery in property values, fueled by Brazilians.  Given that cities like Vancouver and throughout the SF Bay Area have seen property prices recover, in part fueled by foreign purchasers (mostly China, etc) why would a bank not want to hold onto the property until it gets a good price?"
"The key for your friends is a robust and detailed form of budgeting. There are plenty of website resources to help them through that process and you should steer them there rather than go through it with them yourself. Of course you should show willing to answer questions and help if asked. The budgeting exercise will require quite some effort and diligence to track historical and current actual expenditure (keeping a detailed spending diary is an excellent way to start). This must be coupled with a lot thought about ways to trim at various degrees of severity. For example it means analysing all utilities deals to make sure they're on the most suitable package. It is also an ongoing, iterative process - not a one-off. The only way in which you giving money to them would be of help is if they have borrowings and the cost of servicing that debt via interest is what's tipping their budget from positive to negative. Only if they are averaging a cash surplus each month can they make headway. Otherwise, the underlying causes of their woes are not being addressed, existing spending habits continue and they are merely deferring the changes they need to make. Your friends have to adopt LBYM - Living Below Your Means. That's simply a modern version of Mr Micawber's famous, and oft-quoted, recipe for happiness: ""Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen [pounds] nineteen [shillings] and six [pence], result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery."" Discussion forums like this make interesting reading: http://boards.fool.com/living-below-your-means-100158.aspx?mid=30971651&sort=collapsed"
Back in the day, they had a highly effective solution for this type of crap, but it is frowned upon in modern society. The second-best solution would be to get your lawyer to put together a case that she is unfit to be around the children and that visitation rights should be revoked.  Unfortunately, this will most likely not solve her problems, and she will probably become far worse as she feels more alone, alienated, miserable, and embarrassed.
In general the other party will expect you to keep your promises. If you promise to do something for a fixed amount of money, you take on a risk and it is no longer their problem if you work slower than you planned. In principle it could even be the case that you take on a project and fail, after which the company may not have to pay at all. So regardless of how things should be written in your books (For example a theoretical pay above minimum wage but a loss for your private company): An important thing to note is that if you are worried about ending up below minimum wage, you are definitely asking a fee that is too low. You should keep in mind that your fee should include a fair compensation for the expected work, and a fair compensation for the risk that you have taken on.
"If you really believe in the particular stocks, then don't worry about their daily price.  Overall if the company is sound, and presumably paying a dividend, then you're in it for the long haul. Notwithstanding that, it is reasonable to look for a way out.  The two you describe are quite different in their specifics. Selling sounds like the simpler of the two, but the trigger event, and if it is automatic or ""manual"" matters.  If you are happy to put in a sell order at some time in the future, then just go ahead with that. Many brokers can place a STOP order, that will trigger on a certain price threshold being hit.  Do note, however, that by default this would place a market order, and depending on the price that breaks through, in the event of a flash crash, depending on how fast the brokers systems were, you could find yourself selling quite cheaply. A STOP LIMIT order will place a limit order at a triggered price.  This would limit your overall downside loss, but you might not sell at all if the market is really running away. Options are another reasonable way to deal with the situation, sort of like insurance.  In this case you would likely buy a PUT, which would give you the right, but not the obligation to sell the stock at the price the that was specified in the option.  In this case, no matter what, you are out the price of the option itself (hence my allusion to insurance), but if the event never happens then that was the price you paid to have that peace of mind. I cannot recommend a specific course of action, but hopefully that fleshed out the options you have."
I think the mortgage must not be in the equation at all in order to determine how much to charge. Of course you want to cover your mortgage but the renting price is determined only by how much the renter is willing to pay (offer and demand) and not your mortgage (some people don't even have a mortgage). In other words I think you should be charging a price based on similar rented houses.
"NEW &amp; FORTHCOMING  The Death of King Arthur SIMON ARMITAGE  King Arthur comes to vivid life in this gripping poetic translation by the renowned poet and translator.MORE A Random Walk Down Wall Street BURTON G. MALKIEL  ""Almost every list of must-read investment books . . . includes Malkiel's Random Walk."" -BooklistMORE The Rotation Diet MARTIN KATAHN  Lose those unwanted pounds and keep them off once and for all with an easy three-week diet.MORE NORTON CLASSICS  The Feminine Mystique BETTY FRIEDAN, ANNA QUINDLEN  The book that changed the consciousness of a country-and the world.MORE Helter Skelter VINCENT BUGLIOSI, CURT GENTRY  A national bestseller-over 7 million copies sold. ""[A] social document of rare importance.""-The New RepublicMORE The Norton Anthology of English Literature STEPHEN GREENBLATT, M. H. ABRAMS, ALFRED DAVID, ET AL.  Read by millions of students over seven editions, The Norton Anthology of English Literature remains the most trusted undergraduate survey of English literature available and one of the most successful college texts ever published.MORE"
&gt; A: I shouldn't have to leave just because thugs say they run land. They don't own the land I'm on, private persons do. Those people should be the ones saying whether or not I can be there.  Good luck arguing that in court while defending non-payment of taxes. Might want to look up Wesley Snipes court case - not like this hasn't been argued before.   &gt; B: I actually can't leave for free.   Of course you can't. You didn't exactly live here for free either. Imagine if you woke up from unconsciousness at a hospital that just saved your life - would you *not* get billed just because you weren't conscious to *agree* with going to the hospital?
I worked for a firm where the trainer ruined the sales team and was eventually fired. Dude was an ex Tony Robbins con man that used Tony's name to come in and be a cheerleader. I'm sure some are good but do your research.
My original point to this post was that this asset bubble is playing out in slow motion just like others have in the past. This facsimile of a recovery will bump along the bottom for years if history is a guide, eg 1934-1939.   This is long term pain for the average middle class person. Underwater mortgages, stagnating wages, and here in DC, overpriced houses completely out of line with median incomes.   It's been a recovery for the wealthiest in society but everyone else is sinking or treading water. Economic indicators are not a reflection of the average middle class persons struggle. Take a look at what Angela Merkel said last week to a group of Nobel winners.   You are telling me that no one got a HELOC on the speculative value of their house between 2000-2007?
So... Does that mean we're leading up to a huge economic boom where the majority of people have paid off a significant amount of their debt, so that they now have more available money and credit to spend, which would turn into a domino effect of more people buying pushing the economy up enough to encourage even more people to buy?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/24/business/economy/future-jobs.html) reduced by 84%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; High-paying jobs in health care, computer science, and other fields heavy in math and science will grow quickly; so will low-paying jobs caring for older adults or waiting on tables.  &gt; Automation SpreadsMany of the jobs expected to disappear over the next decade are in industrial jobs that have long felt the dual squeeze of globalization and automation: metalworkers, coal miners and machine operators, particularly those without specialized skills.  &gt; Women hold a disproportionate share of jobs in many of the fastest-growing categories.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/78s3g6/a_peek_at_future_jobs_shows_growing_economic/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~235218 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Job**^#1 **women**^#2 **expect**^#3 **decline**^#4 **Automation**^#5"
"Depends on the country, whether its a currency issuer with floating exchange rate, and what the debt is denominated in. For instance, the US has no real debt, b/c its all in US dollars and can be printed at any time. It has no need to borrow anything, it issues its own currency. It used to be different 4 decades ago, on the gold standard, so in general people still think currency issuers need to borrow (or earn) to spend. Just a relic in thinking.  But when the country does not issue its own currency, then it does need to earn or borrow in order to spend. In this case, it could borrow from anywhere that will lend it money. In US, a state would fit this description. Or Greece, as it borrowed Euros, for which it is not an issuer of.  EDIT: just came across this blog http://pragcap.com/where-does-the-money-come-from Its title, ""Where does the money come from"". Maybe he saw this question. Anyway, the US does not need to borrow money. Why would it borrow what it creates? From the video: ""Thinking is hard, that's why we don't do it a lot"". Great line."
Capitalism? Like, this is the natural progression of the libertarian/conservative idea that government doesn't need to regulate things, and the free market will sort this stuff out on their own. PayPal (or Twitter, or whoever) deciding what is and isn't acceptable for consumers using their platform to do is like, free market capitalism at its most pure.
"Get him the book ""Total Money Makeover"" (http://www.amazon.com/Total-Money-Makeover-Classic-Financial/dp/1595555277/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1448904191&sr=8-1&keywords=total+money+makeover) and tell him to follow the baby steps. If he comes to you again or doesn't follow your advice, remind him to follow the baby steps. Repeat as needed."
R would work, and would be what I'd use, but I only make scripts for myself, so sometimes they're dirty and I just call them from my R environment.    I guess it depends if it's a tool for individual use, or an app you want to sell or have others use.  If it's a standalone app others have to use, I'd probably use Java.
Establish good saving and spending habits. Build up your savings so that when you do buy a car, you can pay cash. Make spending decisions, especially for housing, transportation and entertainment, that allow you to save a substantial portion of your income. The goal is to get yourself to a place where you have enough net worth that the return on your assets is greater than the amount you can earn by working. (BTW, this is basically what I did. I put my two sons through top colleges on my dime and retired six years ago at the age of 56).
A lot of people in this thread have provided excellent information from a public company's perspective (with respect to WACC, etc.), but I'll chime in from a private company's perspective (specifically, a tech start-up).  Two reasons a private company would prefer to receive financing in the form of debt as opposed to equity:  1) It can't sell equity at a good valuation (or at all). In this case, the company may have no choice but to raise debt financing, using assets as collateral and also diverting future cash flows away from growth initiatives for the sake of servicing the debt. This is obviously a bad situation for the company. Also, because debt is senior to equity, in the case of a bankruptcy, owners would only be able to recover money from the sale of the company / liquidation after debt owners have been paid.  2) The company's owners don't want to further dilute their ownership stakes and are willing to have the company pay interest to avoid it. Sometimes private company owners will take on debt with the purpose of buying out other owners. In some other cases, the company's management thinks equity in their company will increase in value disproportionately to what investors might give it credit for. In these cases, the math is simple: projected valuation growth versus the valuation financing is available at, taking into account the interest paid on the debt.
What you've expressed is the heart of progressives and socialists, and why they so often lead to tyranny and totalitarianism.  The minute you think people are stupid and need to be told what to do, you are corrupted. Why would you think *other* people are irrational and evil, but you are rational and good enough to see the error of their ways? This thinking only leads to tyranny and things like forced sterilization, institutionalization, and a vast police state.  If a society is good, then minority Y won't be screwed for long. If society is evil (as you believe), then minority Y is screwed anyway. Legislation doesn't help, and frankly giving the government power to legislate morality is just going to end badly when the *wrong* government gets into power.   Haven't you people learned from this Trump debacle? Why would you double down and give the government *more* power?
No, the IRS doesn't care about your transfers.
"If any one thing says ""big move,"" it's that' AAPL is approaching $100 (approximately a split and dividend adjusted all-time high).  Stocks act weird around big numbers - but if you could count on just a few things in trading, it's that if AAPL moves past $100, it won't just move a couple more bucks - it will move convincingly higher."
Why doesn't someone make an app like uber but is more about putting it in the users market. I have used uber so I don't know how much you get to set your rates and such, take cash instead of C.C. (you deal with getting the money, not the app) IDK, how to word it, but basically government out of it, somehow.
&gt; Content providers pay for the right to access the network, just like you or I.  Yes.  They pay. So what are you arguing here?  Some can pay more, some can pay less.  If Netflix wants to use 37% of the total bandwidth in North America at peak times, there's no reason not to charge Netflix more for that service.  It's business.
Never buy a house unless you really want to buy that house. If you want to buy a rental, look around and find the right rental to buy; saving a few hundred on moving costs isn't a good reason to buy the wrong property at the wrong price.
"A bit surprising that this happened during the ""I love everyone"" Obama era.   BTW, it's the CIA job to do exactly this. Most other countries such as China, Russia (USSR), Iran have programs to do the same thing.  Destabilize your direct and indirect rivals/enemies and support governments sympathetic to the us."
&gt;you pple just dont understand anything.  That's nice. It's 8:00 here and am going to work now. You unemployed Occupy people continue to rant about how much the system sucks and everyone should get a free pass. Good luck with that.
Typically you can only claim as business deductions those expenses which strictly relate to your business. In some cases, if you have a dedicated home office in your house, you can specify that expenses related to this space (furniture, etc.) are business expenses because it is a dedicated space. For example, I know of someone in sports broadcasting who claimed several TVs as a business expense, but these are for a room in his house that he uses only for watching games related to his work responsibilities, and never for entertaining, having friends over, etc. I think it will be difficult for you to count any portion of this type of installation as a business expense as it would relate to both your business as well as your residence. If you intend to try to get this deducted, I would strongly recommend consulting a CPA or tax attorney first. I think it will be difficult to prove that the only benefit is to your LLC if your electricity bills/credits are co-mingled with those for your residence. Best of luck!
Presumably you mean to ask what happens if State Street files chapter 7 bankruptcy, since not all bankruptcy proceedings end in liquidation.  SPY is a well known ticker, I can't imagine that there wouldn't be an eager bank willing to pay to pick up that ticker and immediately acquire all the assets related to it. The most likely scenario is that another bank would assume control of the ticker and assets, and the shares would continue trading as they always have. A less likely scenario is that no other financial institution wanted to acquire SPY, and the shares would be liquidated and the proceeds would go to the owners of shares of the ETF. Since the underlying assets are in companies that have actual value, the shares shouldn't trade at much of a discount prior to liquidation. Additionally, if there is a black swan event, there will probably be losses on the underlying assets, so it might even be helpful if the SPY fund was tied up in legal proceedings while everyone gets their heads straight in the market.
That was a simple miscommunication, soupaman, for which I actually apologized.   Do trolls apologize? No. Look at magicunderpants for an example of trolling.   EDIT: btw, the reason I state my experience *and* our income is simple: it's proof. People who don't bother to even read the simple blog sidebar are going on about how I can't possibly know anything, but oh, I do.  And people don't even know that it's possible to do what I do and earn that kind of income. But it is very possible. That's why I talked about numbers when I was invited to be interviewed on Mixergy. You have no idea the kind of fan mail I got for that.  Most bootstrapping companies will never reveal their income, but we should: http://unicornfree.com/2011/drawing-back-the-curtain/
"Levinson's father rented that space, but as business boomed, he built a one-level permanent space in the same complex and moved the business into it. Soon after, in the early 1970s, the color TV boom hit. ""Sylvania, GTE and RCA were the players then,"" he remembered."
&gt;Imagine Having to field unlimited additional emails from people outside of your own dept who perhaps don't know/understand how your dept operates/functions.  Is the person who sent the email of any position for you to care enough to respond about how they don't know shit? If so, they're important enough to be helped along. If not, ignore them - at least, my initial skim through said that nobody was under any obligation to respond.
"Not really. It's good to supplement a shitty school and bad GPA with, a nice thing to pursue and great at teaching you finance if you're not a finance major.  It will undeniably look good on a resume, however, it will not make or break you, outside of possibly you being in Top 3 internship candidates and you're the only CFA candidate.  It's practically useless for trading, but a friend of mine at a brokerage is getting his so that he can have more ""authority"" with clients, although, he is at a foreign brokerage and the clients tend to need that assurance that the broker knows what they're doing."
Is this a time of day effect by using, e.g. closing prices, in markets that close at different times?  If so, you can mitigate this by looking at returns over longer periods (weekly, monthly or quarterly).  If the cross-listed equities are showing consistently different returns at the exact same time, then you should be more concerned in figuring out how to trade the arbitrage rather than estimating a beta.
"If the answer were ""no,"" you still found the 'black swan' type exception that proves the answer to be ""yes,"" right? My experience is this - again just my experience, my bank - When by balance goes below $10, I have the account trigger an email. I wrote a check I forgot to register and subtract, so the email was sent and the account balance in fact showed negative. I transferred to cover the check and the next day, there was a history that didn't go negative, the evening deposit was credited prior to check clearing.  I set up my bills on line. I set a transfer in advance for the same dollar amount as a bill that was due, e.g. $1000 transfer for a $1000 bill. I woke up to an email, and the account showed the bill was paid prior to the transfer. So one line showed going -$900, and the next line +$100 after transfer. Even though it's the same online process. Again, the next day the history re-ordered to look like I was never negative. But even on a day I know I'm having payments issued, I can never just ignore that email.  The first time this happened, I asked the bank, and they said if the negative went until the next day, I'd get an overdraft/short balance notice.  This is a situation to ask your bank how they handle this."
The United States is no longer on a gold standard, and the value of its currency is solely founded on the productivity of its economy. So I don't think there's any practical reason for the United States government to explicitly sell off a lot of gold to force the price to crash. In fact I would expect that the price of gold has very little interest for the Fed, or anyone else in a position of economic power in the government. I believe that we still have large reserves of it, but I have no idea what they are intended for, aside from being a relic of the gold standard. Best guess is that they'll be held on to just in case of an international trend back towards the gold standard, although that is unlikely on any time frame we would care about.
How to file a claim with us. You've been involved in an auto accident, or your home's roof was damaged by heavy winds, or one of your employees was injured ...Claims Pages print and online directories are the largest circulated reference sources for insurance claims adjusters.
Your credit score is really bad, and it's highly unlikely anyone will be willing to give you a mortgage, especially if you still have bad debt showing up on your credit report. What would help? Well, clearing off any bad debt would be a good place to start. Ideally, you want to get your credit rating up above 680, though that may be optimistic here. Note, though, that bad debt falls off your credit report after a while. Exactly how long depends on your province. Note that making partial payment, or even just acknowledging the debt, will reset the 'timer', however. I mention this, though, because you mention some of your debt is from 5 or 6 years ago. It may be just about to fall off. It would also help if you can show that your credit is so bad because of mistakes from a number of years ago, but you've been making payments and staying on top of all debts for the past few years, if that's the case. Also, it would help if you had a reasonable downpayment. 20% minimum, but you'll be a lower credit risk if you are able to put down 50 - 75%. You could also consider having someone with good credit co-sign the mortgage. Note that most people will not be willing to do this, as they take on substantial financial risk. All that said, there are some institutions which specialise in dealing with no credit or bad credit customers. You pay more fees and will pay a vastly higher interest rate, but this may be a good option for you. Check out mortgage brokers specialising in high-risk clients. You can also consider a rent-to-own, but almost all the advice I've ever seen say to avoid these if you can. One late payment and you may lose all the equity you think you've been building up. Note that things may be different if you are moving from the U.S. to Canada, and have no credit history in Canada. In that case, you may have no credit rather than bad credit. Most banks still won't offer you a mortgage in this case, but some lenders do target recent immigrants. Don't rule out renting. For many people, regardless of their credit rating, renting is a better option. The monthly payments may be lower, you don't need a downpayment, you don't have to pay realtor and legal fees (and pay again if you need to move). A couple of sites provide more information on how your credit rating affects your possibility of getting a mortgage, and how to get mortgages with bad credit: http://mortgages.ca/credit-score-needed-mortgage-canada/ and http://mortgages.ca/mortgage-solutions/new-to-canada-financing/, along with  http://www.ratehub.ca/mortgage-blog/2013/11/how-to-get-a-mortgage-with-bad-credit/
What this abbreviated balance sheet tells you is that this company has negative equity.  The liabilities are greater than the value of the assets.  The obvious problem for the company who wants to do business with you is that they are going to have a real hard time accessing credit to pay off any debts that they incur with doing business with you.  In this case, the recommended course would be to ask them put cash up front instead of putting them on account. You don't really need to look at the income statement to see that they are currently underwater.  If their income statement turns out to be splendid, then you can wait for them to get their liabilities under control before you set up an account for them.
Not just lack of vision. Blockbuster was a large, comfortable, slow moving behemoth of a company, they wouldn't have risked cannibalising their current business model in order to create a new business model that might have become profitable a decade later. Not one chance in hell.  If Blockbuster had bought Netflix, they would have killed it. No doubt at all about that. But the market disruption was inevitable. Some other actor would have seized the opportunity instead, just a year or three later.  When a market is ready for disruption, killing the disruptor doesn't change anything, it just delays the inevitable by a short time. That's what happened with reddit. Kevin Rose invented reddit, he called his original version Digg. Digg is the original that reddit was a carbon copy of, but then Rose came down with a serious case of delusion of grandeur, started treating his users like utter shit, so they all left for the carbon copy that was reddit. Today, barley anyone remembers Digg.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://qz.com/1017457/there-is-a-point-at-which-it-will-make-economic-sense-to-defect-from-the-electrical-grid/) reduced by 79%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A new study by the consulting firm McKinsey modeled two scenarios: one in which homeowners leave the electrical grid entirely, and one in which they obtain most of their power through solar and battery storage but keep a backup connection to the grid.  &gt; As daily needs for many are supplied instead by solar and batteries, McKinsey predicts the electrical grid will be repurposed as an enormous, sophisticated backup.  &gt; Solar panels and battery prices are dropping fast-lithium-ion batteries have fallen from $1,000 to $230 per kilowatt-hour since 2010-as massive new solar and battery factories come online in China and the US. By 2020, Greentech Media projects, homes and businesses will have more battery storage for energy than utilities themselves.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6kchib/there_is_a_point_at_which_it_will_make_economic/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~155595 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **grid**^#1 **battery**^#2 **utility**^#3 **solar**^#4 **McKinsey**^#5"
Zhongshan Opaye Industry Co.,Ltd. is a professional home appliances manufacturer in China. Opaye company is a one of the leading companies to produce the professional portable clothes dryer, electric thermo pot, electric water boiler, electric kettle, soymilk maker, juice extractor, slow juicer, screw juice extractor, soup maker, commercial blender, food processor etc. Opaye's products are sold well in worldwide markets, including the USA, Europe,Southeast Asia, Japan and Taiwan area. Opaye keeps the stable business relationships with such our world partners as Metro Germany, Sunbeam Europe and QVC UK. As an ISO9001/2000 certified company, opaye is highly focused on quality control, just-in-time delivery, cost control,provision of innovative and tailored products and good service to attain total customer satisfaction and maintain a win-win relationship with customers on a long-term basis. As a must to enter our target markets, most of our products are CE/GS, ETL, CB and CCC approved and Rosh compliant. To keep our advantage in the industry,we registered technology and design patent for our products and keep improving our quality and production efficiency. The in-house tooling workshop, metal department, plastic injection department and more than 1000 workers enable our cost efficiency and productivity. Repeating orders by our clients is the best proof that we have matched their demands in terms of quality and reliability. Welcome and find out how you will enjoy working with Opaye. Further information pls feel free to visit our website: www.opaye.com
Interesting: reddit, according to [privacyscore.com](http://www.privacyscore.com/), has a score of 50 out of 100 whereas target.com has 49 (up one point from the article).  &gt; ... privacyscore.com and it will rate it from zero to 100 based on the number of trackers on every page.
It is one thing to take the advice of some numb-skulls on a web site, it is another thing to take the advice of someone who is really wealthy. For myself, I enjoy a very low interest rate (less than 3%) and am aggressively paying down my mortgage.  One night I was contemplating slowing that down, and even the possibility of borrowing more to purchase another rental property. I went to bed and picked up Kevin O'Leary's book(Cold Hard Truth On Men, Women, and Money: 50 Common Money Mistakes and How to Fix Them), which I happened to be reading at the time.   The first line I read, went something like:  The best investment anyone can make is to pay off their mortgage early.  He then did some math with the assumption that the person was making a 3% mortgage payment.   Any conflicting advice has to be weighted against what Mr. O'Leary has accomplished in his life.  Mark Cuban also has a similar view on debt.  From what I heard, 70% of the Forbes richest list would claim that getting out of debt is a critical step to wealth building. My plan is to do that, pay off my home in about 33 (September '16) more weeks and see where I can go from there.
"They will show up ad they will be given the money when the time comes.   The central message out there right now is still ""don't buy a house"" especially while the smart money investors are still buying.  Messaging will change when the time comes.  Wait til housing prices are soaring and the media is completely in the tank with it.    Yeah I know it sounds crazy but when banks want to sell loans, they will market aggressively and people will buy.  Just like last time."
A Kindle's screen displays text much better than most mass market paper novels.  Every time we moved prior to starting to mostly read ebooks we had boxes of books that we either gave away or threw away.  I rarely re-read books.  You can actually lend more and more books.  You can also borrow them (from Amazon if you're a Prime member and libraries if they participate).  Dedicated e-readers have batteries that are pretty tough to kill unless you keep the wireless on for several days.  Textbooks actually suck as ebooks in my opinion.  More annoying to take notes in, probably can't use the ebook version on any tests, and I'm more likely to need to page back and forth through a text book than a novel.
When you purchase a mortgage, you have to prove the source of your down payment.  Primarily this is so that the mortgage lender knows that there are no other outstanding liens against the property.  If you show that some or part of your down payment was a gift, there is no fraud, but it may affect your qualification for the mortgage. Consult a lawyer in your area to determine if there is a legal way to gift the money that is not taxed.  If all else fails you could just pay the tax.  Also, you should research whether your gift is above the floor of taxable gifts.
"Between the top two manufacturers (not including Nintendo, because they're in their own bracket) I easily see Sony being the only traditional home console manufacturer in the next 10 or so years. I think there will still be the ""Xbox"" but it's going to be a much different system than what's currently offered. Either with a more PC-like interface or eventual Xbox service integration on all Windows computers."
It is more easier if you select a Broker in India that would allow you these services. The reason being the broker in India will follow the required norms by India and allow you to invest without much hassel. Further as the institution would be in India, it would be more easy for resolving any disputes. ICICI Direct an Indian online broker allows one to trade in US stocks. For more details refer to ICIC Direct. Reliance Money also offers limited trading in US stocks. Selecting a Broker in US maybe more difficult as your would have to met their KYC norm's and also operate a Bank account in US. I am not aware of the requirements. For more details visit ICICI Direct website. Refer to http://www.finance-trading-times.com/2007/10/investing-in-us-stocks-and-options.html for a news article. TDAmeritrade or Charlesschwab are good online brokers, however from what I read they are more for US nationals holding Social Security. Further with the recent events and KYC norms becoming more stringent, it would be difficult for an individual [Indian Citizen] to open an account directly with these firms.
A large number of the general population spends the huge of their cash to purchase lotto tickets and further on some mystery frameworks that offer ensured to win lottery money. The Global Lottery deals ascend to $300 billion for each annum. Take this game as stimulation, not as a source of income since it doesn't ensure that you win. Our lotto e-book motto is to show people how to win small prizes on a regular basis.
If you can afford it, there are very few reasons not to save for retirement. The biggest reason I can think of is that, simply, you are saving in general. The tax advantages of 401k and IRA accounts help increase your wealth, but the most important thing is to start saving at an early age in your career (as you are doing) and making sure to continue contributing throughout your life. Compound interest serves you well. If you are really concerned that saving for retirement in your situation would equate to putting money away for no good reason, you can do a couple of things: Save in a Roth IRA account which does not require minimum distributions when you get past a certain age. Additionally, your contributions only (that is, not your interest earnings) to a Roth can be withdrawn tax and penalty free at any time while you are under the age of 59.5. And once you are older than that you can take distributions as however you need. Save by investing in a balanced portfolio of stocks and bonds. You won't get the tax advantages of a retirement account, but you will still benefit from the time value of money. The bonus here is that you can withdraw your money whenever you want without penalty. Both IRA accounts and mutual fund/brokerage accounts will give you a choice of many securities that you can invest in. In comparison, 401k plans (below) often have limited choices for you. Most people choose to use their company's 401k plan for retirement savings. In general you do not want to be in a position where you have to borrow from your 401k. As such it's not a great option for savings that you think you'd need before you retire. Additionally 401k plans have minimum distributions, so you will have to periodically take some money from the account when you are in retirement. The biggest advantage of 401k plans is that often employers will match contributions to a certain extent, which is basically free money for you. In the end, these are just some suggestions. Probably best to consult with a financial planner to hammer out all the details.
That's good to hear. I got burned pretty hard, and would struggle to give them any more money. Plus I find GM seats and me don't get along.   But I'm glad that they are building something that seems quality again.
"&gt; For AMD, the rush to mine Ethereum has provided an unexpected boon.   &gt;""Relative to cryptocurrency, we have seen some elevated demand,"" CEO Lisa Su said in the company's earnings call following another beat last week.  &gt; ""But it's important to say we didn't have cryptocurrency in our forecast, and we're not looking at it as a long-term growth driver.  Bullish crypto investors are making it hard to have a moderate outlook on this stuff. No straddling the fence!"
Very interesting article, it makes sense that if you have a way of compensating a CEO that seems accurate to you, your board and your consultant, that you would try to replicate it on other companies.  This isn't terrible practice. If it was, it wouldn't have been adopted by other firms.  The fact remains that there ARE goals that need to be met, and there isn't really much secrecy about what happens in the CEO office.  They have to make important decisions based on reports from many areas and many managers.  The ability to make the right ones isn't an easy task. Hence their high paygrade
Some aspect is legal some in grey area.  Please maintain proper documentation. Generally for amounts in question, there is less scrutiny from Income tax. Buying on behalf of your friends... First there is a limit of 250,000 USD, so fine on this point. Second is only licensed dealers can participate in FX. In your case, it can appear that you are acting as dealer.  On getting money back, this looks like gift and if it's more than 50,000 in a year it is taxable. Of course if you establish that it was convenience then no issues. So you need good amount of documentation, plus if you are getting paid after few months, tax can treat this as personal loan and arrive at deemed interest.  Edits: There is no guideline as to what the income tax will ask you, if there is a scrutiny. One would need to have paper work, a letter from friend requesting you to purchase things. You would have to keep a record of items ordered and match it with credit card statement. Proof that the goods were delivered to his address. Proof of equivalent credit entry from your friend into your bank statement. Reason why your friend could not do this himself. i.e. what is stopping him from getting a international debit/credit card?  So if you think you can convince that its convenience, yes, else taxes.
I know the feeling. I used to smoke after doing my laundry. Had quit for about 10 days. Do laundry. Once i am done i was overwhelmed by this urge to smoke. Didn't see it coming. One of my most challenging moments. I somehow made through the next two hours till that urge waned off.  Thats why as you go along it becomes easier. If you need to talk to someone let me know.
First of all, the picture says it all. This is written by some young girl that is clueless to the world. Yes, I looked her up, but besides creating some things of her own, what start ups has she worked for. To say they make you slave away seems pretty off base.  Second, I work for one of the top software companies in the world. They work the hell out of people, seldom hand out raises, etc. I am lucky that my position is not overworked like many of the others here.  Meanwhile, I worked for a start up, friends worked for start ups, and we acquired TONS of start ups where I work.   At the start up I worked for, I used to put in some crazy hours some days, but I could take them all back by leaving early other days. Everyone was relaxed, nobody was micromanaged, there were parties and work functions, beer Fridays, and it was just a great atmosphere. We also had awesome coffee. I can't drink the swill here.  Other start ups that I have known had foosball, pool tables, basket ball hoops, and other things making it fun to work there.  It has been my experience that start ups are generally where you want to be, and not giant corporations that are very well established. The people that were acquired all tend to hate it here when compared to their previous jobs.
That's awesome! You're going to want to learn how to fly a small technical one first. Once you are comfortable spend couple thousand and start with basic maneuvers, as the size of your drone has changed!   Do you understand the legal responsibilities as a small business owner and have you taken any business classes? I'm a vet as well. Private message me man. I know a lot about business.
A lot of dating sites work on a subscription model. So do websites like O'Reilly's Safari Bookshelf with technical documentation. A lot of sites which do not force you to pay also allow donations of some kind, e.g. reddit's gold system or all those webcomics using Patreon or something similar.
&gt; If you're upset about the wealth gap simply because you're not wealthy there's your perspective.  That argument cuts both ways.  If the poor don't need more money because a burger and fries is happiness enough, then the rich don't need a mansion or fancy car either.
The recent move of Indian Government with the daily revision of fuel price comes out as a better proposition for automobile users. Earlier, when petrol prices were revised every fortnight, a huge additional pressure was created due to a big variation in fuel prices. Therefore, the foremost benefit of a recent daily change in diesel price allows Indian fuel consumers to easily absorb any alteration in daily petrol prices by a few paise.
Any publicly traded financial instrument can be sold short, in theory.  There are, however, many regulations associated with short sales of US equities that may prevent certain stocks from being sold short at certain times or through certain brokers. Some examples: the most basic requirement (this isn't a regulation, it's just the definition of a short sale) is that you or your broker must have access to someone willing to loan you his/her shares.  If you are interested in shorting a security with few shares outstanding or low trade volume, there may simply not be enough people in the world willing to loan you theirs.  Alternatively, there may be a shareholder willing to loan shares, but your broker may not have a relationship with the clearing house that shareholder is using.  A larger/better/different broker might be able to help. threshold securities list - since 2005, each day certain securities are not allowed to be sold short based on their recent history of liquidity.  Basically, if a certain number of transactions in a security have not been correctly settled over the past few days, then the SEC has reason to believe that short sales (which require extra transactions) are at higher risk of falling through. circuit breaker a.k.a. alternative uptick - since 2011, during certain market conditions, exchanges are now required to reject short sales for certain securities in order to prevent market crashes/market abuse.
I don't get what the big fear of being marketed to is.  A customer isn't being forced into buying something, so they still have the option to say no.  I actually welcome the advertisements being curtailed to me my needs and wants.  That way I be bothered by things I don't want if I ever choose to pay attention to the advertisements.
These markets are independent, just like any other stock market. For example, there are stocks on the Milan stock exchange that are also on the New York stock exchange and have different historical prices. Remember, this is all about offer and demand. The Hong Kong stock exchange has the Hong Kong Dollar as its currency, which is anchored to the USD. Also, there is more trade going on, on the Hong Kong stock exchange. As for the answer, I don't know whether these stocks are exactly the same. I guess they should be, but maybe somebody else could answer that.
Title agencies perform several things: Research the title for defects. You may not know what you're looking at, unless you're a real-estate professional, but some titles have strings attached to them (like, conditions for resale, usage, changes, etc). Research title issues (like misrepresentation of ownership, misrepresentation of the actual property titled, misrepresentation of conditions). Again, not being a professional in the domain, you might not understand the text you're looking at. Research liens. Those are usually have to be recorded (i.e.: the title company won't necessarily find a lien if it wasn't recorded with the county). Cover your a$$. And the bank's. They provide title insurance that guarantees your money back if they missed something they were supposed to find. The title insurance is usually required for a mortgaged transaction. While I understand why you would think you can do it, most people cannot. Even if they think they can - they cannot. In many areas this research cannot be done online, for example in California - you have to go to the county recorder office to look things up (for legal reasons, in CA counties are not allowed to provide access to certain information without verification of who's accessing). It may be worth your while  to pay someone to do it, even if you can do it yourself, because your time is more valuable. Also, keep in mind that while you may trust your abilities - your bank won't. So you may be able to do your own due diligence - but the bank needs to do its own. Specifically to Detroit - the city is bankrupt. Every $100K counts for them. I'm surprised they only charge $6 per search, but that is probably limited by the State law.
"The Finance Buff discusses why the Roth 401k is often disadvantaged compared to a Traditional 401k in the article The Case Against the Roth 401k, including the following reasons (paraphrased): Contributions to the 401k come from the ""top"" of your highest tax bracket rate but withdrawals fill in from the ""bottom"".  For example, suppose you are in the 28% tax bracket.  Every marginal dollar you contribute to the Traditional 401k reduces your tax burden by .28 cents.  However, when withdrawing, the first $10,150 of income is tax-free (from standard deduction and exemption, 2014 numbers; $20,300 for married couples, joint filing).  The next dollars are at the 10% tax bracket, and so on.  This is an advantage for the Traditional 401k only if you earn less when withdrawing than you did when contributing, a reasonable assumption. Avoid High State Income Tax. There are many states that have low or no state income tax.  If you live in a state with a high income tax, paying tax now through the Roth 401k reduces the benefit of moving to a state with a lower income tax rate. Avoid triggering credit phaseouts. Many tax credits (e.g. student loan interest, child tax credit, Hope credit, Roth IRA eligibility, etc.) begin phasing out as your income increases.  Contributing to the Traditional 401k can help you realize more of those credits when you starting running up against those limits. As described in the article, if these items don't apply, contributing to the Roth 401k can be a valuable component of tax diversification."
Doesn’t that ban reduce the very lobbying we’re talking about being a problem?  I still believe we should have a “Devil’s Advocate” group on every bill, that researches all the negative effects the bill would have, and presents them.
There are thousands things to do for fun but people are unable to find time for these things as they are surrounded by troubles and hardships of life. In that case you must visit summerfunguide.ca, at least once and gain real tips for enjoyment.
"You, yourself, cannot spend the money from life insurance because, well, you are dead.  So the question becomes ""what is best for those you leave behind?"".  Thus is a question that can only be answered by examining the individual(s) you would leave behind. Near as I can tell, you currently have no one else who may be significantly hurt by your passing. So you cannot answer this question until there is (are) that (those) other(s).  In the meantime, 'self-insure' by saving (true investing) up the money that you would otherwise be spending on premiums."
The long term view you are referring to would be over 30 to 40 years (i.e. your working life). Yes in general you should be going for higher growth options when you are young. As you approach retirement you may change to a more balanced or capital guaranteed option. As the higher growth options will have a larger proportion of funds invested into higher growth assets like shares and property, they will be affected by market movements in these asset classes. So when there is a market crash like with the GFC in 2007/2008 and share prices drop by 40% to 50%, then this will have an effect on your superannuation returns for that year. I would say that if your fund was invested mainly in the Australian stock market over the last 7 years your returns would still be lower than what they were in mid-2007, due to the stock market falls in late 2007 and early 2008. This would mean that for the 7 year time frame your returns would be lower than a balanced or capital guaranteed fund where a majority of funds are invested in bonds and other fixed interest products. However, I would say that for the 5 and possibly the 10 year time frames the returns of the high growth options should have outperformed the balanced and capital guaranteed options. See examples below: First State Super  AMP Super  Both of these examples show that over a 5 year period or less the more aggressive or high growth options performed better than the more conservative options, and over the 7 year period for First State Super the high growth option performed similar to the more conservative option. Maybe you have been looking at funds with higher fees so in good times when the fund performs well the returns are reduced by excessive fees and when the fund performs badly in not so good time the performance is even worse as the fees are still excessive. Maybe look at industry type funds or retail funds that charge much smaller fees. Also, if a fund has relatively low returns during a period when the market is booming, maybe this is not a good fund to choose. Conversely, it the fund doesn't perform too badly when the market has just crashed, may be it is worth further investigating. You should always try to compare the performance to the market in general and other similar funds. Remember, super should be looked at over a 30 to 40 year time frame, and it is a good idea to get interested in how your fund is performing from an early age, instead of worrying about it only a few years before retirement.
Center for Research in Security Prices would be my suggestion for where to go for US stock price history. Major Asset Classes 1926 - 2011 - JVL Associates, LLC has a PDF with some of the classes you list from the data dating back as far as 1926. There is also the averages stated on a Bogleheads article that has some reference links that may also be useful. Four Pillars of Investing's Chapter 1 also has some historical return information in it that may be of help.
The Fools have a range of advice from common-sense to speculative, aimed at different audiences (one hopes). As always, don't take anyone's word for it; think it through and decide whether the risk/reward ratio is really in your favor and how much you can afford to risk. They're good on the basics, but the more advanced they get, the more risk there is that they've got it wrong. That last is true of any advisor unless they have information that the rest of us don't. You can learn some things from their explanations of their reasoning without necessarily taking their conclusions as gospel.
"Written by Alastair Williamson. Notable author of articles such as   ""The Whole Damn System May Collapse Next Year"",   ""Major Crisis of Cuture And Economy Coming Soon"",   ""Horrendous Storm to Hit Stocks"",   ""Central Banks Have Failed, Now They Exit, Economic Crash Expected"",  ""DETROIT FORETELLS AMERICA’S FUTURE: IT’S VERY BAD"",  ""THE TRIANGLE OF DEATH IN BALTIMORE: Hundreds of Murders Happen Here""  I sense a pattern here.   https://squawker.org/author/alistair-williamson/"
Based on what you wrote, you would be better off with no position to start, and then enter a buy stop 10% above the market, and a sell stop 10% below the market, both to open positions depending on which way the market moves. If the market doesn't move that 10%, you stay flat. However, a long option straddle position requires that the market moves significantly one way or the other just so you recover the premium that you paid for the straddle. If the market doesn't move, you will lose money on your straddle due to theta decay and a drop in volatility. Alternatively, you could buy a strangle, with a call strike 10% out, and a put strike 10% out. The premiums would be much much lower, and these wculd take the place of the stop entries. Personally, I would never buy a straddle, but I do sometimes sell them, especially when implied volatility is very high.
We had this happen to us 2 months ago.  There is basically a criminal organization called United telecom they are partnered with. United Telecoms business model is switching your long distance without your permission.  We get a bill and each phone line has all these extra charges that add up to about $100.  I call to find out what is happening and I find out we have been slammed (long distance switched without our permission).  Apparently they call and ask if this is business X and if you say yes they are recording it and use that as evidence that you agreed to have your long distance switched.  I spent close to six hours on the phone getting our account back in order.  One of the people I spoke with at Centurylink said they got a lot of calls about United Telecom.  It sounded like switching long distance services was a standard business practice for them.   When I spoke with United Telecom, it was way to easy.  The person that answered the phone removed our charged without any questions. I thought that was strangely easy.  If this is actually how they make money, why would they back it off so easily?  So I called Centurylink back because I figured there had to be something else they left out when I spoke with them earlier.  After some digging, bundled up in an other charges section was about $5 for switching our long distance service.  It took me almost a whole day to get this straightened out. I spoke with 16 different people at Centurylink.  It became hilarious.  I had them on speaker phone and we would just start laughing.  One minute sir, I will connect you to business services.  Here is the direct phone number in case you get disconnected. 20 minutes of being on hold, then, I am sorry sir this is residential I will have to transfer you to business.  Same freaking thing, over and over and over.  I assume most people just give up or don't have the time to sort this stuff out.  TL;DR It seems like Centurylink continues to allow United Telecom to switch long distance services for their clients, because it generates significant revenue for them.  [edit] If you don't want this to happen to you, put a lock on your services.  It takes two part authentication to change anything after that.
Ultrasound machines have been especially helpful in diagnosing cardiac diseases. We know the criticality of heart in a healthy human body. In their initial stage, heart diseases can be cured through medicine and surgery. However, without a proper diagnostic tool, it was very difficult to ascertain a heart ailment earlier.
"Absent a pre-nup, it's a case of ""lawyer vs lawyer,"" you can't count on protecting what you came into the marriage with. In theory, what you propose sounds fair, but the reality of divorce is that everything is fair game. much depends on each spouse's earnings and impact of child-raising. For example, a woman who gives up time in a career may go after more than half, as she may be X years behind in her career path due to the choices made to stay home with the kids. I think each divorce is unique, not cookie cutter."
Being new does not allow me yet to vote on your question, but what a good question it is. We share our opinion in separating finances in our very well going mariage. Currently I have found a sort of okay solution in two websites. These are http://www.yunoo.nl and http://www.moneytrackin.com/. You can actually tag spendings with multiple tags.  I don't like the idea that the data is on a remote server, but since I have not found a proper  local software solution, I just naively trust their promise that your data is save. Then again our financial situation is not that special.
No shit. Who thought it was? I got very lucky but I hit that number the year I turned 24 with mediocre GPA in a non-engineering field from a state school and didn't have any family connections. I know that's not typical but it also means $100k/yr is far to achievable to be in the top 1%.
I think the main question is whether the 1.5% quarterly fee is so bad that it warrants losing $60,000 immediately. Suppose they pull it out now, so they have 220000 - 60000 = $160,000.  They then invest this in a low-cost index fund, earning say 6% per year on average over 10 years.  The result: Alternatively, they leave the $220,000 in but tell the manager to invest it in the same index fund now.  They earn nothing because the manager's rapacious fees eat up all the gains (4*1.5% = 6%, not perfectly accurate due to compounding but close enough since 6% is only an estimate anyway).  The result: the same $220,000 they started with. This back-of-the-envelope calculation suggests they will actually come out ahead by biting the bullet and taking the money out.  However, I would definitely not advise them to take this major step just based on this simple calculation.  Many other factors are relevant (e.g., taxes when selling the existing investment to buy the index fund, how much of their savings was this $300,000).  Also, I don't know anything about how investment works in Hong Kong, so there could be some wrinkles that modify or invalidate this simple calculation.  But it is a starting point. Based on what you say here, I'd say they should take the earliest opportunity to tell everyone they know never to work with this investment manager.  I would go so far as to say they should look at his credentials (e.g., see what kind of financial advisor certification he has, if any), look up the ethical standards of their issuers, and consider filing a complaint.  This is not because of the performance of the investments -- losing 25% of your money due to market swings is a risk you have to accept -- but because of the exorbitant fees.  Unless Hong Kong has got some crazy kind of investment management market, charging 1.5% quarterly is highway robbery; charging a 25%+ for withdrawal is pillage.  Personally, I would seriously consider withdrawing the money even if the manager's investments had outperformed the market.
Wow that is really great that you have such an amazing organization.  Unfortunately I don't believe that I will get the financial support I need to start one up myself.  I was going to start a Kickstarter campaign but people on Reddit didn't even see it happening so I think I will keep dreaming for now.    I do have some rough ideas in mind and have looked into some real estate as well but the financial obstacle is something that will be too hard to come over.  Thanks so much for reaching out though.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/anarcho_capitalism] [A Stockholm sufferer over at \/r\/economy...](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anarcho_Capitalism/comments/6helej/a_stockholm_sufferer_over_at_reconomy/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
Yes, but make sure you issue a 1099 to these freelancers by 1/31/2016 or you may forfeit your ability to claim the expenses. You will probably need to collect a W-9 from each freelancer but also check with oDesk as they may have the necessary paperwork already in place for this exact reason.  Most importantly, consult with a trusted CPA to ensure you are completing all necessary forms correctly and following current IRS rules and regulations.  PS - I do this myself for my own business and it's quite simple and straight forward.
"First, I applaud you for caring.  Most people don't!  In fact, I was in that category.   You bring up several issues and I'll try to address them separately. (1) Getting a financial planner to talk with you.  I had the same experience!  My belief is that they don't want to admit that they don't know how things work. I even asked if I could pay them an hourly fee to ask questions and review stocks with them.  Most declined.  You'll find that very few people actually take the time to get trained to evaluate stocks and the stock market as a whole.  (See later Investools.com). After looking, however, I did find people who would spend an hour or two with me when we met once a quarter to review my ""portfolio""/investments.  I later found training that companies offered.  I would attend any free training I could get because they actually wanted to spend time and talk and teach investors. Bottom line is: Talking to their clients is the job of a financial planner.  If he (or she) is not willing to take this time, it is in your best interest to find someone who will spend that time. (2) Learning about investing! I'm not affiliated with anyone.  I'm a software developer and I do my own trading/investments.  The opinions I share are my own. When I was 20 years away from retirement, I started learning about the stock market so that I would know how it worked before I retired so that (a) I could influence a change if one was needed, and (b) so I wouldn't have to blindly accept the advice of the ""experts"" even when the stock market is crashing. I have used Investools.com, and TDAmeritrade's Think-or-Swim platform.  I've learned a tremendous amount from the Investools training.  I recommend them.  But don't expect to learn how to get rich from them or any training you take. The TDA Think-or-swim platform I highly recommend BECAUSE it has a feature called ""Paper Money"".  It lets you trade using the real market but with play money.  I highly recommend ANY platform that you can use to trade IN PAPER money! The think-or-swim platform would allow you to invest $30,000 in paper money (you can have as much as you want) into any stock.  This would let you see if you can make more money than your current investment advisor.  You could invest $10K in one SPY, $10K in DIA and $10K in IWM (these are symbols for the S&P 500, Dow 30, and Small Cap stocks).  This is just an example, I'm not suggesting any investment advise! It's important that you actually do this not just write down on a piece of paper or Excel spreadsheet what you were going to do because it's common to ""cheat"" and change the dates to meet your needs.  I have found it incredibly helpful to understand how the market works by trying to do my own paper and now real money investing. I was and you will be surprised to find that many trades lose money during the initial start part of the trade because it's very difficult to buy at the exact right time. An important part of managing your own investments is learning to trade with rules and not get ""emotionally involved"" in your trades. (3) Return on investment. You were not happy with $12 return.  Low returns are a byproduct of the way most investment firms (financial planners) take (diversification).  They diversify to take a ""hands off"" approach toward investment because that approach has been the only approach that they have found that works relatively well in all market conditions.  It's not (necessarily) a bad approach.  It avoids large losses in down markets (most riskier approaches lose more than the market).  The downside is it also avoids the high returns.  If the market goes up 15% the investment might only go up 5%. 30K is enough to give to multiple investment firms a try.  I gave two different firms $25K each to see how they would invest.  The direction was to accept LOTS of risk (with the potential for large losses or large gains). In a year that the market did very well, one lost money, and one made a small gain.  It was a learning experience.  I, now, have taken the money back and invest it myself. NOTE: I would be happy with a guy who made me 10-15% year over year (in good times and bad) and didn't talk with me, but I haven't found someone who can do that. :-) NOTE 2: Don't believe what you hear from the news about the stock market being up 5% year to date.  Do your own analysis. NOTE 3: Investing in ""the market"" (S&P 500 for example) is a great way to go if you're just starting.  Few investment firms can beat ""the market"" although many try to do so.  I too have found it's easier to do that than other approaches I've learned.  So, it might be a good long term approach as well. Best wishes to you in your learning about the market and desires to make money with your money.  That is what is all about."
"I always hesitate to provide an answer to ""how does this affect my credit score?"" questions, because the credit agencies do not publish their formulas and the formulas do change over time. And many others have done more reverse engineering than I to figure out what factors do affect the scores. To some extent, there is no way to know other than to get your credit score and track it over time. (The credit report will tell you what the largest negative factors are.) However, let me make my prediction. You have credit, you aren't using a large percentage of it, and don't have defaults/late payments. So, yes, I think it would help your credit score and would build a history of credit. Since this is so unusual, this is just an educated guess."
"Index funds do leech a ""free ride"" on the coattails of active traders.  Consider what would happen if literally everyone bought index funds.  For a company there would be no motivation to excel. Get listed; all the index funds are forced to buy your stock; now sit on your derriere playing Freecell, or otherwise scam/loot the company.  Go bankrupt. Rinse wash repeat.  This ""who cares who John Galt is"" philosophy would kill the economy dead.   Somebody has to actually buy stocks based on research, analysis and value.  Company managers need to actively fear, respect and court those people.  They don't need to be mutual-fund managers, but they do need to be somebody.  Maybe activist investors like Warren Buffett will suffice.  Maybe retirement fund or endowment managers like CalPERS or Harvard can do this.  Better be somebody!  I'm all for index funds... Just saying only a fraction of the market's capital can be in index funds before it starts into a tragedy of the commons."
"If it isn't measurable, his quote makes no sense.  ""People ought to be paid in a way that bears some relationship to the value they contribute to society... which can't be measured.""  Somehow I doubt that's what Keynes was thinking."
"[This is article is by an industry shill:](https://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/10/us/politics/fight-over-minimum-wage-illustrates-web-of-industry-ties.html)  &gt;""But something fundamental goes unsaid in the institute’s reports: The nonprofit group is run by a public relations firm that also represents the restaurant industry, as part of a tightly coordinated effort to defeat the minimum wage increase that the White House and Democrats in Congress have pushed for.""  -  &gt;""The major reports released by the institute are prepared by outside academics, like **Joseph J. Sabia**, an associate professor of economics at San Diego State University, **who has collected at least $180,000 in grant money from Mr. Berman’s group over the last eight years to deliver seven separate reports, each one concluding that increasing the minimum wage has caused more harm than good — or at least no significant benefit for the poor.**"""
So you're the dumbest guy in the thread so far, congrats. I mean that as fucking mean as possible, because someone needs to shock you motherfuckers out of the stupid you are infected with, being nice, patient, and thoughtful hasn't worked at all so far. That said, I'll gladly try to help you find your way back to the world the rest of us actually exist in if you ask.
I see, I want to make it clear that I respect your reply so you don't misinterpret my response but on the other hand, I feel that finance is filled with people who don't know what the heck they're doing.  I think half these people were lucky enough to get into the finance world, if that's the case, then grooming at an early age isn't really necessary.  Just that you have a nice smile, handsome mug, and are a natural charmer.  I think those assets go a long way in talking yourself into a job...  what do you think?
We specialise in bike sheds, but have a bespoke service and can design and build pretty much anything.  We are sending two sheds to California next week, and already have one in Texas, as well as across Europe.  Our website is www.thebikeshedcompany.com  Being able to export without incurring huge shipping costs is our current challenge.
Convexity refers to vega. Gamma refers to delta. Negative carry refers to time decay.
I would say you are wrong. I think you're underestimating a good warehouse worker. There is a skill set involved, and many do not have it. Sadly, many people don't know any better than to arrive high, drunk, hung over, late, or not at all on a regular, for starters. Most warehouse workers don't just lift heavy things anymore. In fact, probably the majority never lift anything heavy at all. They run power equipment. Big, expensive, dangerous power equipment that does most of the lifting. Again, not everyone can handle that. One power equipment accident can end up costing the company tens of thousands of dollars.   Aside from that, the people performing those jobs are hardly the only employees present. Someone has to check in the trucks, audit the receivers, distribute the work of sorting, coreograph the loading and distribution of product out to the stores, maintain the computer systems, and a thousand other small tasks on a daily basis. I can assure you these positions require a whole lot more skills than the average loom worker in the 1800s was required.  Really, I find it scary how much you are devaluing these people. The fact most well-paying warehouses constantly go a few hands short is testiment to the fact good people are not actually a dime a dozen.  Edit a word.  Ninja Edit:  Another thing about this is that you seem to want to believe people had a choice in not developing whatever killer skillset it is you think makes you better than them. The reality is many very intelligent people cannot afford college. They don't have parents willing to give them a dime or a leg up, or their parents simply do not have the dime or the leg up to give them even if they wanted to. They're smart, but had to work during high school to support a portion of their own expenses, and that hurt their grades a bit. Or they were young, idiotic, and had little guidance because their parents were constantly away working their arses off for a pitance to survive on, so they goofed off in high school more than they ought resulting in an inability to qualify for scholarships. Suddenly, they're grown. They have to provide housing, food, and whatever for themselves, so they get crap jobs thinking they'll find a way to parlay that into skills or education when the reality is most employers just want to suck as much out of the employee for the least possible contribution. Any general manager of a large facility will tell you bragging rights on the golf course are to he who spends the least for the most work done. The majority of low skill low pay workers would gladly go back to college if only they could. Even if they can somehow scrape together the cash required - now over $8k a year for tuition, a crappy dorm and a food ticket at state colleges in my state, and books will run you $500 a semester for many majors - there is the issue of time. After working a grueling hopefully full-time job, they'd need to find it in them to stay awake during class and to complete assignments. On top of that, there is the question of timing. Especially in low skill jobs, it is usually required that the employee be available at company pleasure. Try finding a school in your area which has the classes you need times you can attend. Good luck with that. But wait! There are government subsidies! Yeah, good luck with that as well. If you've been working any half-decent job and apply, and are under 25 and your parents also make half-decent wages, you will be lucky to be offered loans. They aren't even low interest loans anymore. Also, god forbid your parents have a little emergency nest egg saved up from years of hard labor in the salt mines. Or - horrors - own a small, crappy, cookie-cutter, not-aging-well tract home free and clear. That'll cost you big in financial assistance from the goverment.
"Simple and straight-forward.  ""I'm sorry but I don't co-sign loans.  I've heard horror stories (or had bad experiences if you actually have) about these things going bad and ruining friendships.  Your friendship is more important to me than you getting this car/stereo/whatever.""   You could go on to explain that it's not necessarily a lack of trust in them, but the problem could be cause by things beyond either of your control.  Let's say there's an error at the bank and his payment doesn't get processed on time and it hits your credit score.  Next thing that happens is your credit card company sees the change in your score and jacks up the rate on your card.   Neither of you did anything wrong, but now instead of him just fighting with the bank about the payment not getting processed on time, you are having to fight with your credit card company.  You are both in an awkward situation.  You might get pissed at him (you could make this out to be a failing on your part) even though it wasn't his fault.  Or he might be embarassed to come around even though you know it wasn't his fault and aren't pissed at him."
No worries. But while we are on the topic, how do you feel about it if you don't mind me asking? I am curious to hear what other people think an ideal solution would have been if they don't agree with the decision.
We don't have all the relevant numbers to give you the perfect answer. Knowing your income is pretty important for this question, but, since you have 200K in student loans, I'm going to guess (and hope) you probably make more than 80K/yr which is the cutoff for deducting student loan interest. (It starts phasing out once you make over 65K and fully phases out at 80K, or 160K if you're married.) Even if you make less than 65K, you can only deduct a max of 2500/yr in student loan interest and you'll be maxing that out for at least the next 4 years. So, my take is: Throw it at the student loan. Your mortgage interest is (probably) fully deductible, which means your mortgage interest rate is effectively reduced by your tax bracket. E.g. if you are in the 28% tax bracket a 4% mortgage rate would effectively become 2.88%. Outside of that, if you were to make minimum payments on your mortgage and student loans starting now, as soon as your student loan is paid off I would start making that same student loan payment amount towards your mortgage. This way you won't have any change in cash flow, but it will significantly lower the term of your mortgage. (Which is what would happen if you choose to pay down the mortgage now, but then you don't get the tax advantage on the difference.)
If you have good ideas to make the memorial vacation in escape rooms, then you should choose the most beaches in Florida. As you know, everyone wants the fabulous service in their budget and spend the time with your family. The escape rooms are designed beautiful location that's a very nice place in USA. There are so many reasons to come here, we have sweet 16 ideas west palm beach party. West Palm Beach Escape Rooms is one of the great adventure for the particular occasion. If you would like to play the escape room's games, that's very amazing and funny activity inside the escape rooms, where given you a mission such as a target that you will have to complete in a given time.
Yes you can.  This is known as a short selling against the box.  In the old days, this was used to delay a taxable event.  You could lock in a gain without triggering a taxable event.  Any loss on one side of the box would be offset by a loss on the other side, and vice versa.  However, the IRS clamped down on this, and you will realize the gain on your long position as soon as you go short on the other side.  See http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/sellagainstthebox.asp. As to how to initiate the short cover, just transfer the long position to the same account as your short position and make sure your broker covers the short.  Should be relatively easy.
449 of the 500 companies in the S&amp;P 500 used 54% of their earnings to buy back shares for over $2 trillion.   Rather than invest in development, capital, human capital, bigger dividends, they're repurchasing shares to boost their EPS and increase share value in the short term. Why is this an issue? Because it shows that these companies are uneasy about the long term. It stunts growth. Doesn't have to be research, simply expansion or rewarding employees/shareholders. Employees of the company receive no benefits and bagholders may make a quick buck short term, but suffer long. Execs of the company however get fat AF checks for hitting target ratios and price. Stock buybacks enable this.
You have many options, and there is no one-size-fits-all recommendation. You can contribute to your IRA in addition to your 401(k), but because you have that 401(k), it is not tax-deductable. So there is little advantage in putting money in the IRA compared to saving it in a personal investment account, where you keep full control over it. It does, however, open the option to do a backdoor-rollover from that IRA to a Roth IRA, which is a good idea to have; you will not pay any taxes if you do that conversion, if the money in the IRA was not tax deducted (which it isn't as you have the 401(k)). You can also contribute to a Roth IRA directly, if you are under the income limits for that (193k$ for married, I think, not sure for single). If this is the case, you don't need to take the detour through the IRA with the backdoor-rollover. Main advantage for Roth is that gains are tax free. There are many other answers here that give details on where to save if you have more money to save. In a nutshell, In between is 'pay off all high-interest debt', I think right after 1. - if you have any. 'High-Interest' means anything that costs more interest than you can expect when investing.
Web Server hosting service offers you with web space to store all your website documents such as content, images, banners, logos, videos and more at one place. Here at Techevolution we offer a vast range of web site hosting packages to the customers. Our server hosting services are of best quality and you get it at most affordable prices. One you go through our hosting packages, and then you have to ask for the required package you are looking for. At our Company, we offer guaranteed 99.9% uptime and several value added services.  Our customers avail with free control panel, free e-mails set ups, free blogs set ups and more. Apart from these services, you can get best technical support for 24/7. Yes, it is true that you get our support whenever you require. At Red Web Design we possess a team of customer service care executives who are there to receive your calls and assist you with perfect information. You can easily compare our hosting charges with others and we challenge that you will never get such cheapest prices elsewhere.  Our customers avail with large on ordering web host. You can get a one Free Domain with each hosting package with no hidden charges or extra payments. We are transparent and do business with complete honesty.
"&gt; They would work in any way those who choose to participate will it too work.  Again, that is no answer.  Saying, ""it will work how everyone decides"" is just sidestepping the issue that your proposal will probably implode due to human nature.  Let me make my question more specific.  I was asking about military spending with five service providers.  If these providers will work as the participants choose then I think it is pretty clear the left and far-left service providers would quickly opt-out of military spending. The libertarian provider would probably quickly follow suit. That would leave you with a country where the right and far-right providers pay for 100% of the national defense.  At that point I would expect the right and far-right providers to protest since the other three providers benefit from a military that they don't pay for. Eventually they would cut their defense spending in protest until the left ""pays their fair share"".  The left doesn't like the military and would refuse.  The US would end up with a weak, underfunded military.  Is that how you want your system to work?"
A simpler view is that tax deductions allow you to give to charities from your gross salary, not your net salary.
"As some of the other answers pointed out, company 401(k) accounts can sometimes have poor investment choices so if the company isn't doing some sort of matching and you only have a limited set of options, I would likely recommend that you roll the money over to a different 401(k) account so you have better investment options. Why choice from tens of funds when you may have the full market worth of options as your disposal? Likewise, if you have electronic deposit you might be able to have the 10% automatically deposited to that account out of your paycheck so you will still be getting the advantage of having ""forced savings"" from a young age. In regards to a Roth IRA, as others have pointed out, they are a bit of a gamble and you can't ensure that you will come out ahead at the end of the day in regards to taxes; however, you also need to take your own career goals into account when you make that decision. If you see yourself getting up there in the income bracket of the course of your career it doesn't hurt to have a Roth IRA now and start putting some money in it (limited amount though, maybe only $100 a month) but if you don't see yourself getting up that high in the income brackets then it might not be worth the overhead of having multiple accounts to keep track of. That said though, make sure that you aren't just saving for retirement, you should have another savings account that you are putting money away for rainy days, houses, and the like."
"In gambling, the house also takes a cut, so the total money in the game is shrinking by 2-10 percent.  So if you gain $100, it's because other people lost $105, and you do this for dozens of plays, so it stacks up.  The market owns companies who are trying to create economic value - take nothing and make it something. They usually succeed, and this adds to the total pot and makes all players richer regardless of trades.   Gambling is transactional, there's a ""pull"" or a ""roll"" or a ""hand"", and when it's over you must do new transactions to continue playing.   Investing parks your money indefinitely, you can be 30 years in a stock and that's one transaction. And given the long time, virtually all your gains will be new economic value created, at no one else's expense, i.e. Nobody loses.  Now it's possible to trade in and out of stocks very rapidly, causing them  to be transactional like gambling: the extreme example is day-trading.  When you're not in a stock long enough for the company to create any value (paid in dividends or the market appreciating the value), then yes, for someone to gain, someone else must lose. And the house takes a cut (e.g. Etrade's $10 trading fee in and out).  In that case both players are trying to win, and one just had better info on average.   Another case is when the market drops. For instance right after Brexit I dumped half my domestic stocks and bought Euro index funds. I gambled Euro stocks would rebound better than US stocks would continue to perform.  Obviously, others were counterbetting that American stocks will still grow more than Euro will rebound.  Who won that gamble?  Certainly we will all do better long-term, but some of us will do better-er. And that's what it's all about."
This is an extremely simplified version and not necessarily accurate. C for example has $800b in cash and 10+% Tier 1 capital relative to other banks. Yes, they need to write down debt but the larger concern as opposed to bankruptcy by capital markets is equity dilution.   Both C and BAC need to raise equity capital due and, due to new leverage restrictions, will dilute existing shareholders so much that they will have difficulty matching previous EPS. Also, a lot of analysts expect thy aren't marking down assets enough (reducing that large Tier 1 buffer pretty heavily).   One of the primary reasons they issue smaller dividends relative to JPM is that dividends for systematically important institutions must be approved by the Fed now (Dodd-Frank). They can't issue a big dividend because the Fed says they aren't well capitalized enough.   To say they are bankrupt though shows a misunderstanding of bank balance sheets and how the FRB discount window works, though.
"Regardless of what they are doing, you can't ""kill inflation.."" Every single dollar created by the federal reserve is done so out of debt through a promissory note loaned by the US Treasury. The note which is essentially debt, is created &amp; loaned with the understanding that the federal reserve will one day pay off it off. However, this is impossible because more money would have to be created to pay of these notes which in turn creates more debt. But wait, let's not forget to factor in tax! The debt can never be paid off, it is literally impossible through our current system of currency circulation carried out by the Federal Reserve. In other words, due to our crippling debt that cannot be alleviated, inflation will continue to occur because our currency will continue to devalue. Those that created the Federal Reserve (in what? the 20's) knew all of this to be true. There goal was to destabilize the economy and they succeeded, they being large influential families such as the Rockefellers and the Morgans. This is the exact reason Andrew Jackson shut down the original central bank.. They are a foundation for corruption and anyone who tells you otherwise is either ill informed or in on it. It is impossible to kill inflation &amp; the notion that one company or one man can do so is preposterous and simply click bait."
Same with toothpaste, they add the foaming element because of this.  Also the minty sensation is in no way required either, however it helped form good teeth-brushing habits.  There is a great book on habits that covers all this, however I'm on mobile and its name escapes me.
Because it's barely reported and when it is most people don't understand some of the fundamental principles of finance to grasp the implications of it all.   It's not their fault really.   You can blame a man for a lack of wanting to be educated or no concern for intellectual curiosity but you can't for just being plainly uneducated.
The World Recovery Centers provide resources of drug and alcohol abuse treatment programs. We provide offer a variety of addiction treatment programs that meet your needs. The drug addiction treatment centers will help the recovering addict to regain a sense of control over their life, and provide them with mental tools to support themselves once they are ready to leave the facility and get back into the world.
"Yes and no.  There are two primary ways to do this.  The first is known as ""cross listing"". Basically, this means that shares are listed in the home country are the primary shares, but are also traded on secondary markets using mechanisms like ADRs or Globally Registered Shares. Examples of this method include Vodafone and Research in Motion. The second is ""dual listing"". This is when two corporations that function as a single business are listed in multiple places. Examples of this include Royal Dutch Shell and Unilever. Usually companies choose this method for tax purposes when they merge or acquire an international company. Generally speaking, you can safely buy shares in whichever market makes sense to you."
You're partially correct, at least in my understanding of this. Yes, the tax credit can be carried forward to future years, but since it is non-refundable it will reduce your tax liability solely. Depending on your tax situation this may result in a bigger refund or it may not. In an example, If you've had $3K withheld from your paycheck toward your income tax and this is also an accurate reflection if your tax liability then taking the NRTC would reduce your tax liability enabling you to be eligible for a refund (due to having already pre-paid more tax than you're liable for).
The way bitcoin works it has no choice to go up. It's high risk because If say America bans it, its almost worthless, or your investment at least. It's a worldwide currency, though the dollar talks.. the cost of the coin has to be higher than the cost to mine + sell. And every 4 years you mine 1/2 of the last, and the more who start up miners mean you use the same power to earn less.
It is absolutley relevant.  The minimum wage acts as the base instead of zero and there are a huge amount of jobs that only pay minimum wage. If this idiotic concept were true than the since the minimum wage is the base there would be alot smaller number of minimum wage jobs.   Min wage does not deprive people of jobs. It reduces the amount of subsidized labor employers are able to employ.  It's biggly sad you don't understand human nature.
Looks like you don't want to participate in the consumerist rush but feel that you just have to do that too. First of all, you don't have to do what you don't want. Then there're researches showing that joy from a compulsive purchase only lasts for a short period of time and then you are left with a relatively useless item in your house. So it's one thing if you really wanted that cool full-electronic sewing machine (or whatever DIY item you might want) to be able to repair all the stuff and craft all the nice things you wanted, but it's another thing if you look at the item and can't decide whether you really need it. The latter scenario is you struggling with the consumerism rush. If you feel really happy and can save half of what you earn just save the difference - it won't hurt. Having a good sum of money saved is really helpful in many scenarios.
The CFA will generally take 3-4 years to finish. They test level 2 and 3 once a year and level 1 twice. They recommend approx 300 hours of studying for each level, but you can get away with less. But for you, level 1 is going to be your undergrad in finance so it shouldn’t be anything outside of your normal course of study. You’ll be able to save time on studying if you take it while the material is still fresh
Typically 'current' means the account from which you do your day-to-day banking (also called 'checking') and 'savings' is an interest earning account, from which you might occasionally take money. However...you can actually attach these labels (for ATM purposes) to any account you want. They don't have to be your actual checking or savings accounts.  I have 'current' attached to my personal account and 'savings' on the account I hold jointly with my wife. They are just labels you attach to different accounts.
The government needs me to function. It can jail me, strip me of my property and life if it seems fit. It is absolutely accountable to you. I pay the salaries of the government officials.   The government needs its just amount to function properly because some people rely on the government the way the government relies on the people.   You're out of your mind if you think trickle down economics works. It doesn't at macro levels. That's why the country's worse off economically after supply side theories are implemented.   Would not having roads, schools, police forces be a better option?
&gt; Movie theaters aren't full 99.9% of time  I go a lot, I love seeing movies in the theater, most of the time it's barely 5% full.  As far as cannibalizing people like me who pay full price, that is negligible, people like me that see a few movies a month are such a small fraction of customers.   Others that pay full price will still likely only see one movie per month, but I can't tell you how many times I've been told, or over heard other people saying how the movies are way too expensive to go EVER, unless it's some major event, but even those blockbusters are doing less and less revenue now that people can wait a few months for the DVD or watch it online.  I think this model opens up millions of consumers that gave up on the high cost of taking their family to the movies and also allows far more concession sales. If you have 2 kids, it's about $50 just on the tickets, that's not something most families can afford to do very often.   Personally, I had always suggested a model where a subscription like this would cover mornings and weekdays when theaters are largely empty for those showings.
There are things that we can do to make business even better. We could throw out the EPA, we could dissolve OSHA, we can shut down the FTC. Hell, let's get rid of taxes. Let's sell off all federal land, no more low income housing. Why should the government zone land, let's get rid of that. Let's let fracking occur anywhere and any form of power plant built wherever businesses want. No more minimum wage, no more unions, no more child labor laws, no more ACA or medicare or social security.  Business is better right? Is any one going to ask at what cost?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-target-salary-20170925-story.html) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Target Corp. said Monday that it is raising the minimum wage for its workers to $11 an hour starting next month and then to $15 by the end of 2020.  &gt; Target&amp;#039;s hike to $15 an hour far exceeds not only the federal minimum of $7.25 an hour but the hourly base pay at Wal-Mart, the nation&amp;#039;s largest private employer, and plenty of its other retail peers whose minimum hourly pay now hovers around $10. As part of its $2.7-billion investment in workers, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. had raised its entry-level hourly pay for workers to $9 in 2015 and then to $10 in 2016.  &gt; Target said its minimum hourly wage of $11 is higher than the minimum wage in 48 states and matches the minimum wage in Massachusetts and Washington.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/72jfa0/target_to_raise_its_minimum_hourly_wage_to_15_by/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~216691 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **workers**^#1 **wage**^#2 **year**^#3 **retail**^#4 **pay**^#5"
There are a few factors at play here. Depending on the bank that has offered you the card there are different types of overdraft protection that may have been set up. Typically, if they attempt to run the card with no money, if one of these is in play, you will be spared any overdraft fees by the transaction charging to a designated overdraft account, usually savings, or by the transaction failing due to insufficient funds.  If you know the transaction went through, and you know there were not enough funds in the account to cover the transactions, then you have a few options. If you have overdraft protection that auto charges insufficient funds charges to a separate account, then you have nothing to worry about. If you do not, most banks offer a grace period where you have until the end of the day to zero out your account, that is to say pay the overdraft amount and bring your balance to at least $0.  If this is a charge that occurred in the past, and you have already been charged an overdraft fee, there may still be hope. I cannot speak for all banks, but I know that Chase Bank offers a once per year overdraft forgiveness, where they will get rid of the charges if you agree to bring the account out of the negative. There is a chance other banks will do the same if you call their customer service.
It's also fair to point out that Medicare and Medicaid are taking the most expensive citizens out of the private market. If you don't have those, the cost of insurance would go up as wealthier older people sign up and increase the risk pool, and hospital prices would go up as poor people fall back on our only truly socialized healthcare - emergency rooms.  Without death panels to filter out the unprofitable even in emergency rooms, you'd really want to subsidize those groups even with a market based solution.
It depends on the seller.  If the seller wants, they can collect the information from you and send it to the payment gateway.  In that case, they of course have everything that you provide at some point.  They are not supposed to keep the security code, and there are rules about keeping the credit card number safe.   The first four digits of the credit card number often indicate the bank, although smaller banks may share.  But for example a Capital One card would indicate the bank.   Other sellers work through a payment gateway that collects the information.  Even there, the seller may collect most of the information first and send it to the gateway.  In particular, the seller may collect name, email, phone, and address information.  And in general the gateway will reveal that kind of information.  They will not give the seller credit card info other than the name on the card, expiration date, and possible last four digits.  They may report if the address matches the card's billing address (mismatched addresses may mean fraud).   Buying through someone like PayPal can provide the least information.  For a digital good, PayPal can only expose the buyer's name (which may be a business name) and email (associated with the payment account).  However PayPal still has the other information and may expose it under legal action (e.g. if the credit card transaction is reversed or the good sold is illegal).  And even PayPal will expose the shipping address for physical goods that require shipping.
It's not meat, but processed food that contains a high amount of calories and sugar, with a low amount of nutrients. Vegan, by it's nature, makes one eat far less processed foods. Simply eliminating foods that are packaged or fast food will lower all of the risk factors quite effectively.
You could keep an eye on BankSimple perhaps? I think it looks interesting at least... too bad I don't live in the US... They are planning to create an API where you can do everything you can do normally. So when that is released you could probably create your own command-line interface :)
If anyone hasn't done this yet, all three companies have waived the fees. I just did it and a couple weeks ago, I set up an account with the Social Security Administration where you can get notified any time someone is trying to use your social security number. There's two-step authentication as well.
So many people in that line of industry get high after work anyway.  In my region the biggest factory in the area is known as the alcoholic capital basically. Literally every single alcoholic in the region works there.  They make cars from the ground up.
does that mean that 30% of my monthly payment goes to interest? No, it's much worse then that. The APR is the annual percentage rate. An APR of 30% on $23,000 in debt that means you'll be charged $6,900 in interest for the year. You'll actually owe slightly less since you are reducing your principal slightly over the course of the year. If your monthly payment is $800, $575 of that will be going to interest. That means that over 70% of your monthly payment is going just to interest. This deal makes no sense at all! You'd be better off simply transferring all of your balances on to the credit card with the highest interest rate. You'd be paying almost $200 a month for the 'convenience' of writing one check rather than three.
Reverse mortgage are generally recovered along with interest, from the sale proceed of the house after the person dies. The current age and life expectancy also go in determining the amount of mortgage the bank would offer.
Gladwell was writing about which university an aspiring STEM major should choose if the kid actually wants to finish university with a STEM degree.  According to Gladwell, STEM students whose SAT math scores were in the bottom third, regardless of the university, were much less likely to graduate with a STEM degree.  They're not dropping out of school, though; they're just getting different degrees.  So, if your goal is to get a STEM degree and be a successful student, Harvard may not be the best place for you, particularly if your score falls into that bottom third.    That Inc. author completely missed the point that Gladwell makes in his book.  Either that, or he's intentionally misrepresenting it.
I hate articles like this because it encourages irrational investing behavior and increases the chances of people falling victims to scams   At the time of the article there was absolutely no guarantee that Netflix was going to beat Blockbuster.    Blockbuster was the big whale and instead of taking Netflix seriously they held on to their money maker for too long and then failed to compete when they tried to pivot to renting DVDs and streaming.    If Blockbuster handled Netflix how Facebook is handling Snapchat (copying every feature and rolling it out to every asset they have) Netflix could have just as easily died.
What's the typical work you do day to day? - financial &amp; laymans terms if you could. Bonus points if you could show me an example (public or personal).   Financial services interest me but I'm new to it and just trying to broaden my knowledge.
Buy Data products from NSE. You will get historical order book. The Live order book may not be available. https://www.nseindia.com/supra_global/content/dotex/data_products.htm This link has all the data products that NSE can provide
The downside of the conversion for some, as you note, is the proration of existing pretax IRA money. You've already considered this, and it's not an issue for you. It's a simple bit of paperwork, nothing to scare you away from this approach.
I don't think anyone will take it as scrap metal, because it is not allowed by the Australian law:  CRIMES (CURRENCY) ACT 1981   - SECT 16 Defacing or destroying current coins or current paper   money A person shall not, without the consent, in writing, of an authorized person, intentionally deface, disfigure, mutilate or destroy any coin or paper money that is lawfully current in Australia.  Melting it would thus be illegal and can be punished with a fine of $5000 or 2 years of  imprisonment, or both. If you try to sell it for that then you might be accessory, so don't do it.  I suppose that throwing them at the garbage will count as destroying or disfiguring it, since it will most likely happen in the process. So that may be illegal, so you shouldn't do it.  Note: I am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice
"Five Guys is over fucking priced. It's like they think they can do it because they give you ""extra"" fries. Well I guess they do get away with it, but In-n-Out&gt;Wendy's&gt;Five Guys to me. The toppings are a nice twist at Five Guys but I think Wendy's makes a better burger"
If you pay for a Costco membership, do you think that you have the right to prevent Costco from prioritizing their own in-house products vs. the products of their competitors?  You aren't paying an ISP for data any more than you're paying a gas station owner for the gas.  The owner of the station simply provides the infrastructure that delivers the gas to your gas tank.  The rest of your money goes to the refiner (and they're usually different entities).  If the gas station owner owns his station outright, and decides one day to switch from giving you gas from Exxon to giving you gas from BP, you have no right to tell the owner what he can and cannot do with this gas station.  Or perhaps you think that you do?
"Junk Bonds (aka High Yield bonds) are typically those bonds from issues with credit ratings below BBB-. Not all such companies are big risks. They are just less financially sound than other, higher rated, companies. If you are not comfortable doing the analysis yourself, you should consider investing in a mutual fund, ETF, or unit trust that invests in high yield bonds. You get access to ""better quality"" issues because a huge amount of the debt markets goes to the institutional channels, not to the retail markets. High yield (junk) bonds can make up a part of your portfolio, and are a good source of regular income. As always, you should diversify and not have everything you own in one asset class. There are no real rules of thumb for asset allocation -- it all depends on your risk tolerance, goals, time horizon, and needs. If you don't trust yourself to make wise decisions, consult with a professional whom you trust."
I know this won't be a popular answer, but here goes: Bitcoin. Regardless of how you feel about the long term prospects of bitcoin, it actually works very well as a way to transfer money with hardly any fee. You can go online, buy bitcoin, transfer them for a very tiny fee, then the person on the other end can cash out in their own local currency. In fact, bitcoin is gaining a lot of popularity in some countries for this very reason. It is becoming more common for one family member to come to America or Eurpoe to work, then use bitcoin to transfer money to their family back home. This works so well because even international transfers have such low fees. The best place to get bitcoins will vary depending on where you live. I'm American, so I use Coinbase. I believe Bitstamp is popular in Europe. I'm not sure about other countries.
"**[Toronto, 1 August 2014](http://www.rbc.com/newsroom/news/2014/20140801-pmi.html)** - kanadiske produsenter erfarne en ytterligere bedring i hele virksomhetsforhold i juli, ifølge den **[RBC Canadian Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (RBC PMI)](https://www.rbcwmfa.com/thewoogroup/)**, drevet av raskere stiger, nye ordrer og sysselsetting i begynnelsen av tredje kvartal. I mellomtiden input kostnadsinflasjon fortsatte til moderat, som i sin tur bidro til laveste veksten i produsentenes produksjon kostnader så langt i år. En månedlig undersøkelse, i samarbeid med Markit og tjenester ledende global finansiell informasjon i Supply Chain Management Association (SCMA), RBCPMI tilbyr en omfattende og tidlig indikator på trender i kanadiske industrien.   På 54.3 i juli handelspartnere opp fra 53.5 i juni, overskriften RBC kanadiske Manufacturing PMI postet over nøytral 50.0 verdien for sekstende påfølgende måned. Siste lesing var høyest siden November 2013 og signaliserte en robust generell forbedring i produksjon sektor forretningsforhold.   ""Canadas produsenter sparket av andre halvdel av 2014 sterkere fotfeste, tydelig fordel fra bedre global økonomisk aktivitet-det er oppmuntrende å se momentum,"" sa Paul Ferley, assisterende sjef økonom, RBC. ""Med den amerikanske økonomien dytter videre, vi forventer denne trenden vil fortsette.""   Overskriften RBC PMI gjenspeiler endringer, nye ordrer, sysselsetting, varelager og leveringstid for leverandør.   Viktige funn fra juli undersøkelsen inkluderer:   - Skarpeste forbedring i forretningsvilkår siden November 2013  - En pick up i produksjon og nye bestillinger vekst  - Bemanningen steg for sjette etterfølgende måned   Sterkere priser av produksjon og ny vekst var nøkkelen positiv innflytelse på overskriften indeksen i juli. Siste data signaliserte at produksjonsvekst i industrien akselerert for andre måned kjører og var den raskeste siden November 2013. Ny vekst også gjenvunnet fart så langt i sommer, med den siste økningen i innkommende nytt arbeid de bratteste på åtte måneder. Rapporter fra spørreundersøkelsen sitert underliggende etterspørselen og større tillit blant klienter. Videre ble nye business inntak også støttet av sterkere eksport salg i juli, med nye eksport ordre vekstraten den mest merkede siden mars.   Økt etterspørsel mønstre bidro til en økning i ordrereserven arbeid over industrien sjette påfølgende måned i juli. Gjeldende periode av økende mengder uferdig arbeid er den lengste opptak av undersøkelsen for tre år, som i sin tur støttes videre produksjon jobb etableringen. Nyeste dataene viser til en solid økning i lønn tall med hastighet på vekst i sysselsettingen nådde sin sterkeste siden September 2013.   Juli data indikerte at produsentene fortsatte å øke volumene inngang kjøpe i juli, og den siste utvidelsen av kjøper aktiviteten var de bratteste i 2014 hittil. Til tross for en solid økning i input kjøpe, pre-produksjon lager volumer dyppet for tredje måned kjører. I mellomtiden bestander av ferdigvarer også redusert i juli. Siste reduksjon i post-produksjon varelager var den skarpeste for 12 måneder, med noen firmaer Siterer sterkere enn forventet salg på sine fabrikker.   I mellomtiden input kostnadsinflasjon lettet videre fra nær-tre år høy sett i løpet av mars. Selv om fortsatt skarp, var den siste økningen i gjennomsnittlig kostnad byrder den minste merkede siden januar. En mykere økning i input prisene i juli bidratt til svakeste økningen i produsentenes produksjon kostnader siden desember 2013.   Regionale høydepunkter inkluderer:   - Quebec fortsatte å registrere sterkeste oppgangen i generelle forretningsvilkår  - Alle fire regioner signaliserte en økning i produksjon sysselsetting nivåer...  - .. .led av Quebec og Ontario  - Nye eksportere ordrer steg i alle fire regioner overvåket av undersøkelsen   ""Canadian produsenter har laget en lyse start til tredje kvartal 2014, som fremhevet av sterkere vekst og en annen bedring salgsvolum i juli, sier Cheryl Paradowski, president og administrerende direktør, SCMA. ""Derfor den siste undersøkelsen tyder en avgjørende dreining mot raskere vekst over industrien i sommer, med produksjon, ny virksomhet og sysselsetting alle stiger på raskeste priser sett så langt i år. Videre er forretningsforhold bedre mot en bakgrunn av mykgjørende kostnadspress, som i sin tur bidro til laveste økningen i produsentenes produksjon kostnader siden slutten av 2013."""
Aujourd'hui, il est difficile pour les gens d'imaginer une journée sans accès à Internet. Les gens veulent avoir accès au réseau à tout moment et le lieu, peu importe où ils viennent ou aller. On sait que le développement technique jouent un rôle important dans les personnes -. l'accès Internet mobile à l'Internet est possible avec des technologies telles que la 3G et LTE et HSPA + afin de profiter des avantages de ces applications à des personnes, il vous faut choisir le bon équipement, il peut aussi être pour votre smartphone ou ordinateur portable -. modem ou le routeur n'est pas un routeur de la célèbre LTE en 2012 est la MF28D ZTE, vous pouvez trouver ce débloqué ZTE MF28D aide les gens à beaucoup de la description suivante.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/30/opinion/corporate-tax-cuts-jobs.html?smid=re-share) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Their huge tax savings have enriched executives but not created significant numbers of new jobs.  &gt; We chose this particular tax threshold because, as Mr. Stephenson mentioned, House Republicans are proposing to reduce the federal statutory corporate tax rate to 20 percent, down from the current 35 percent.  &gt; At a town hall this month at AT&amp;T headquarters in Dallas, Mr. Stephenson urged his employees to call Congress and demand a corporate tax cut.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6x0akf/its_a_myth_that_corporate_tax_cuts_mean_more_jobs/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~201273 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **tax**^#1 **company**^#2 **percent**^#3 **job**^#4 **stock**^#5"
All this talk about the post office is pissing me off.  What killed the post office?  Just look in your box this week.  Right there is the answer.  JUNK MAIL!  Everyone gets pounded with the stuff every day.  Why?  Because it is too cheap to send all the CRAP!  How many Victoria's Secret Catalogs did you get this week?  Me?  4.  That is the clearest signal that the postage for junk mail is too cheap.  Another example is S&amp;S Worldwide. They will send me three identical catalogs at the exact same time that all arrive on the exact same day.  In other words, junk mail prices are so cheap it is more cost effective to just send more than to check their database.  And I could go on.    The key to fixing the post office is simple.  Increase the cost of all the junk crap we get!  This will either increase the revenue to pay for it being delivered or make businesses reduce the amount they send and reduce the need for as much sorting, etc.
"This was a ""bought deal"" by the 2 investment banks running the book. They had a legal obligation to fund the IPO, they reneged. They will get sued and probably settle out of court. Either way, a black mark on their reputation."
One implication is the added fees if you are investing in something with a trading cost or commission, such as your stock purchase. If you pay low costs to trade (e.g. with a discount broker) and don't switch your investments often, then costs overall should remain reasonable .. but always be aware of your costs and seek to minimize them.
Most businesses want to grow, and there are a variety of ways to raise the money needed to hire new employees and otherwise invest in the business to increase the rate of that growth. You as a stock holder should hope that management is choosing the least expensive option for growth. Some of the options are debt, selling equity to venture capitalists, or selling equity on the open market (going public). If they choose debt, they pay interest on that debt. If they choose to sell equity to venture capitalists, then your shares get diluted, but hopefully the growth makes up for some of that dilution. If they choose to go public, dilution is still a concern, but the terms are usually a little more favorable for the company selling because the market is so liquid.  In the US, current regulations for publicly traded companies cost somewhere in the neighborhood of $1M/year, so that's the rule of thumb for considering whether going public makes sense when calculating the cost of fundraising, but as mentioned, regulations make it less advantageous for executives who choose to sell their shares after the company goes public. (They can't sell when good spot prices appear.) Going public is often considered the next step for a company that has grown past the initial venture funding phase, but if cash-flow is good, plenty of companies decide to just reinvest profits and skip the equity markets altogether.
Công ty dịch thuật InterProTrans chuyên cung cấp các dịch vụ dịch thuật đa ngôn ngữ, phiên dịch hội nghị và MC, cung cấp thiết bị phiên dịch buồng cabin và tai nghe không dây, dựng kịch phim và video quảng cáo, chèn phụ đề, thu âm, lồng tiếng, hợp pháp hóa lãnh sự và đào tạo biên phiên dịch.   CÔNG TY TNHH PHIÊN DỊCH CHUYÊN NGHIỆP QUỐC TẾ - INTERPROTRANS Địa chỉ: 2A / 3 Nguyễn Thị Minh Khai, P.Đakao, Q. 1, HCM Điện thoại: (08) 22197135 - (08) 39111959 Hotline: 01999123455 Skype: lam.interprotrans Website: www.dichthuatnhanh.vn  Email: baogia@dichthuatnhanh.vn
I mean, that self made stat has been disproven enough times to count it as laughable when people like you still tout it all about. That self made aspect doesn't mean what youd like to imply it means when you dive into the data.   Bill Gates is a perfect example of this.   So is Bezos
Yes. Stick to the deal you made. Help the girl pass the exams. Consider it a life lesson, don't worry about the money now because it's only payment if she passes. It's more about helping the girl pass the exams than it is about what you knew at the time was going to be short money. You have to prove yourself before you even think about an increase in payment and payment here is only due with a passing grade. You put yourself in a situation that you will not do in the future. You made the offer so honor it like a champ and be grateful you are able to help someone else.
The conclusions of this report seem to conflict with some of the long-term trends in asset management. The gradual decline of defined-benefit plans (e.g. pensions) and the growth of defined-contribution (401k) have altered the asset mix.  The biggest investors in hedge funds have traditionally been pension management funds; given the long-standing decline in private sector pensions and the (seemingly) near-future decline in public-employee pensions, the funds that can only be accessed by institutional investors or accredited investors (eg all hedge funds) stand to lose.   Explained another way: right now, only rich people and institutional investors get access to hedge funds. Your 401K money can't go into them, and neither can your IRA. If you're not an accredited investor (income of &gt;$250K, net worth of $1MM+ excl. primary residence) you can't subscribe. You can only get into hedge funds through buying into a 'fund of funds' type of investment, where you buy a fund (and pay that fund) so that they can pay a hedge manager to manage the money. Think of a pass-through entity that skims some off the top and manages portfolio risk. So, as fewer people get pensions (and the pensions that they do get are smaller), these pension funds have fewer assets left to invest in hedge funds.   Most hedge funds return zero alpha after fees and arguably have lower risk-adjusted returns than simpler investments. But 15-20% of all hedge funds do pretty well. Picking which 15-20%....that's difficult.   Bottom line: what is Citi pushing with this report?
Unlimited everything. I'm on my parents line so that's kinda a bummer but I'm never giving this up. I just got my girlfriend on it because it's so cheap. Also I never do the monthly payment plan. I always pay for for my phone's outright because it just makes more sense to me.
Your first question:Does the successor have to pay taxes for the full amount of the inherited TFSA?  No, there is no taxes to pay, in most TFSA situations, there is no tax payable. If it was a beneficiary instead of a successor, there would be taxes on revenues generated only, but this is not your case. Your second question: The TFSA of the deceased holder will still increase the contribution room over the years?  No, the contribution applies only to the one person alive. Whether he, or she, has one or two TFSA is irrelevant to the contribution limit. Successor holder, Contribution limit.
By not timing the market and being a passive investor, the best time to invest is the moment you have extra money (usually when wages are received). The market trends up.  $10 fee on $2000 represents 0.5% transaction cost, which is borderline prohibitive.  I would suggest running simulations, but I suspect that 1 month is the best because average historical monthly total return is more than 0.5%.
"And you have hit the nail on the head of holding gold as an alternative to liquid currency. There is simply no way to reliably buy and sell physical gold at the spot price unless you have millions of dollars. Exhibit A) The stock symbol GLD is an ETF backed by gold. Its shares are redeemable for gold if you have more than 100,000 shares then you can be assisted by an ""Authorized Participant"". Read the fund's details. Less than 100,000 shares? no physical gold for you. With GLD's share price being $155.55 this would mean you need to have over 15 million dollars, and be financially solvent enough to be willing to exchange the liquidity of shares and dollars for illiquid gold, that you wouldn't be able to sell at a fair price in smaller denominations. The ETF trades at a different price than the gold spot market, so you technically are dealing with a spread here too. Exhibit B) The futures market. Accepting delivery of a gold futures contract also requires that you get 1000 units of the underlying asset. This means 1000 gold bars which are currently $1,610.70 each. This means you would need $1,610,700 that you would be comfortable with exchanging for gold bars, which: In contrast, securitized gold (gold in an ETF, for instance) can be hedged very easily, and one can sell covered calls to negate transaction fees, hedge, and collect dividends from the fund. quickly recuperating any ""spread tax"" that you encounter from opening the position. Also, leverage: no bank would grant you a loan to buy 4 to 20 times more gold than you can actually afford, but in the stock market 4 - 20 times your account value on margin is possible and in the futures market 20 times is pretty normal (""initial margin and maintenance margin""), effectively bringing your access to the spot market for physical gold more so within reach. caveat emptor."
"You can hold a wide variety of investments in your TFSA account, including stocks such as SLF. But if the stocks are being purchased via a company stock purchase plan, they are typically deposited in a regular margin account with a brokerage firm (a few companies may issue physical stock certificates but that is very rare these days). That account would not be a TFSA but you can perform what's called an ""in-kind"" transfer to move them into a TFSA that you open with either the same brokerage firm, or a different one. There will be a fee for the transfer - check with the brokerage that currently holds the stock to find out how costly that will be. Assuming the stock gained in value while you held it outside the TFSA, this transfer will result in capital gains tax that you'll have to pay when you file your taxes for the year in which the transfer occurs. The tax would be calculated by taking the value at time of transfer, minus the purchase price (or the market value at time of purchase, if your plan allowed you to buy it at a discounted price; the discounted amount will be automatically taxed by your employer). 50% of the capital gain is added to your annual income when calculating taxes owed.  Normally when you sell a stock that has lost value, you can actually get a ""capital loss"" deduction that is used to offset gains that you made in other stocks, or redeemed against capital gains tax paid in previous years, or carried forward to apply against gains in future years. However, if the stock decreased in value and you transfer it, you are not eligible to claim a capital loss. I'm not sure why you said ""TFSA for a family member"", as you cannot directly contribute to someone else's TFSA account. You can give them a gift of money or stocks, which they can deposit in their TFSA account, but that involves that extra step of gifting, and the money/stocks become their property to do with as they please. Now that I've (hopefully) answered all your questions, let me offer you some advice, as someone who also participates in an employee stock purchase plan. Holding stock in the company that you work for is a bad idea. The reason is simple: if something terrible happens to the company, their stock will plummet and at the same time they may be forced to lay off many employees. So just at the time when you lose your job and might want to sell your stock, suddenly the value of your stocks has gone way down! So you really should sell your company shares at least once a year, and then use that money to invest in your TFSA account. You also don't want to put all your eggs in one basket - you should be spreading your investment among many companies, or better yet, buy index mutual funds or ETFs which hold all the companies in a certain index. There's lots of good info about index investing available at Canadian Couch Potato. The types of investments recommended there are all possible to purchase inside a TFSA account, to shelter the growth from being taxed. EDIT: Here is an article from MoneySense that talks about transferring stocks into a TFSA. It also mentions the importance of having a diversified portfolio!"
No state taxes, but Italy also has a favorable treaty with the US Federal Government. Look into to lowering your federal taxes to 5% ;) its a thick read, http://www.irs.gov/businesses/international/article/0,,id=169601,00.html and also try to determine if the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion applies to you, reducing your Federal tax to ZERO on the first $95,100 earned abroad. http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/international/article/0,,id=97130,00.html but then you may be subject to a 20%+ italy tax. so maybe you should just try for the tax treaty
So the MS analyst wasn't acting independently of MS's role as underwriter when he revised his earnings estimates?   MS is a big place.  I guess I just assumed that someone could be on one end saying something, with other parts of the company blissfully unaware.  All without a conspiracy to commit fraud.  Good to know.   Perhaps you can point - for those of us ignorant in finance - to the rules or laws that were broken here.
Thanks to the lack of the KeystoneXL pipeline, the WTI price has been artificially depressed. However world prices of refined product haven't - they are set relative to the global price of oil. Thus someone can make a tidy profit by refining, then shipping product.  It's no surprise that there have been shortages of distillate in places like North Dakota - the product goes where the money is.  BTW, in essence it means if US customers won't pay world prices, they won't get the product - putting a floor under the prices you'll pay.
"If there is a very sudden and large collapse in the exchange rate then because algorithmic trades will operate very fast it is possible to determine “x” immediately after the change in exchange rate. All you need to know is the order book. You also need to assume that the algorithmic bot operates faster than all other market participants so that the order book doesn’t change except for those trades executed by the bot. The temporarily cheaper price in the weakened currency market will rise and the temporarily dearer price in the strengthened currency market will fall until the prices are related by the new exchange rate. This price is determined by the condition that the total volume of buys in the cheaper market is equal to the total volume of sells in the dearer market.   Suppose initially gold is worth $1200 on NYSE or £720 on LSE. Then suppose the exchange rate falls from r=0.6 £/$ to s=0.4 £/$.  To illustrate the answer lets assume that before the currency collapse the order book for gold on the LSE and NYSE looks like: GOLD-NYSE   Sell (100 @ $1310) Sell (100 @ $1300) <——— Sell (100 @ $1280) Sell (200 @ $1260) Sell (300 @ $1220) Sell (100 @ $1200) ————————— buy (100 @ $1190) buy (100 @ $1180)   GOLD-LSE Sell (100 @ £750) Sell (100 @ £740) ————————— buy (200 @ £720) buy (200 @ £700) buy (100 @ £600) buy (100 @ £550) buy (100 @ £530) buy (100 @ £520) <——— buy (100 @ £500)   From this hypothetical example, the automatic traders will buy up the NYSE gold and sell the LSE gold in equal volume until the price ratio ""s"" is attained. By summing up the sell volumes on the NYSE and the buy volumes on the LSE, we see that the conditions are met when the price is $1300 and £520. Note 800 units were bought and sold.   So “x” depends on the available orders in the order book. Immediately after this, however, the price of the asset will be subject to the new changes of preference by the market participants. However, the price calculated above must be the initial price, since otherwise an arbitrage opportunity would exist."
The main difference is that VOO trades on US stock exchanges while VUSA/VUSD trade on the London Stock Exchange.  (VUSA is listed in British pounds while VUSD is listed in US dollars.) They are essentially the same product, but the fees and legal hurdles for a European citizen to trade on the LSE may be quite different from those on US stock exchanges.
Seo-daddy is the appropriate location to get expert SEO services in Dubai. Our centered and effective SEO campaigns help boom internet site visitors, encourage patron interactions and ultimately help enhance sales. We assure consequences beyond expectations. As a leading Seo companies in UAE, our skillful search engine marketing team is determined to get your emblem recognized on serps. We cautiously check the necessities of our clients and offer the great effects as we choose nice over quantity.
Well they did not seem to be able to shoot down the two that flew over Japan and those were definitely a threat, so it seems to me the only non-threatening missiles they seem to be able to shoot down are the ones they fire them selves  I am starting to wonder and its starting to seem the missile shields might just be another big military boondoggle.
You don't have much choice other than to open an account in your business name, then do a money transfer, as @DJClayworth says.  You will not  without providing your name and street address and possibly other information that you may consider to be of a private nature. This is due to laws about fraud, money laundering and consumer protection. I'm not saying that's what you have in mind! But without accountability of the sort provided by names and street addresses, banks would be facilitating crimes of many sorts, which is why regulatory agencies enforce disclosure requirements.
A rift between Siemens AG (NYSE; SI; XETRA: SIE) and Siemens Israel Ltd. is widening over suspected bribes paid to former Judge Dan Cohen in order to promote the sale of turbines to Israel Electric Corporation (IEC). Siemens Israel managing director Oren Ahronson has been suspended from his duties, under an agreement between the company and its parent. Siemens AG demanded Ahronson's removal.
I have been using Bill Pay from BoA, Chase, and a local Credit Union, all for at least five years (maybe even 10), and never had any issues with lost checks. Sometimes, an address given to me was incorrect, and what happens is either nothing (meaning, after 90 days, the check is considered outdated and the money gets reimbursed in the account) the bank notifies me after about two weeks that the check was returned as 'recipient not found at that address' or 'invalid address', and the money gets restored right then. That is no guarantee, of course, that nothing will ever happen. But banks are not supposed to accept checks where the recipient name does not match. Also, you should consider using 'Quick Pay' or 'Pay an individual' instead, whatever your bank calls it. That will transfer the money same or next day to your other account, without ever mailing a check. You do not need to enter account information across banks, it works by both banks contacting you through your logins/emails.
This whole conversation is absolutely stupid.  Presidents have next to nothing to do with random swings in the stock market.  The idiot in chief wants to take credit where no credit is due.  His minion idiots want to bolster the nonsense, and otherwise clear thinking idiots, myself included, want to somehow set the record straight.  But, in the end we are just pissing in the wind too.    God I wish the idiots would shut up.  So, that's exactly what I'll do.
In the United States, the stock certificate is updated to include beneficiary information.  I expect it to be similar with other markets. TOD (Transfer on Death) From: http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/free-books/avoid-probate-book/chapter3-2.html (emphasis added) If you have a brokerage account, contact the broker for instructions.   Most likely, the broker will send you a form on which you’ll name   beneficiaries to inherit your account. From then on, the account will   be listed in your name, with the beneficiary’s name after it, like   this: “Evelyn M. Meyers, TOD Jason Meyers.” If you have the actual stock certificates or bonds in your possession   (most people don’t), you must get new certificates issued, showing   that you now own the stock in beneficiary form. Ask your broker for   help; if that doesn’t work, contact the transfer agent for the stock.   You can get the address from your broker or the investor relations   office of the corporation. The transfer agent will probably have you   send in the certificates, a form called a stock or bond power (some   stock certificates have the power printed on the back), and a letter   explaining what you want to do.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/25/upshot/maybe-weve-been-thinking-about-the-productivity-slump-all-wrong.html?smid=re-share) reduced by 82%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Just maybe, if the labor market tightens and good workers are harder to find - and wages rise - that will be the impetus to get companies to consider more of those big-ticket innovations that generate productivity growth.  &gt; You could imagine the same thing happening if wages rose because of market forces; that same fast food restaurant might invest in kiosks and robots if the labor market were so tight that no workers were willing to take the job for $10. If you look at long-term patterns of productivity growth, they roughly fit this idea, that a booming job market tends to be followed by a productivity boom, and that deep recessions are followed by productivity slumps.  &gt; In this way of thinking about productivity, inventors and business innovators are always cooking up better ways to do things, but it takes a labor shortage and high wages to coax firms to deploy the investment it takes to actually put those innovations into widespread use.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6s3yzv/maybe_we\u00e2ve_been_thinking_about_the_productivity/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~185009 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **productivity**^#1 **wage**^#2 **worker**^#3 **growth**^#4 **market**^#5"
News are the only thing keeping it together. We can all read entire newspapers on the Web, but the percentage of people that still enjoys reading the morning paper is huge. TV and radio have the advantage of being live (and a live broadcast from a website is still radio/television) - if something huge happens worldwide, you'll always turn your TV on, it's still more connectable than websites. A part from that, I don't see any other advantages comparing to the internet.
I’ve stopped using uber after hearing the podcasts of lyft. They may be farther behind but it’s because they want to take care of their employees. They’re growing at the rate is required to maintain the company where Uber is trying to grow Tesla style.
That is definitely where my intuition went as well. I know we wouldn't meet certain requirements. I expect to have to jump through hoops to make it happen. I was mostly asking what hoops I will jump through, and if we will have to jump through fewer if we are not planning on handling other people's cash.
"Yes. S&P/ Case-Shiller real-estate indices are available, as a single national index as well as multiple regional geographic indices. These indices are updated on the last Tuesday of every month. According to the Case-Shiller Index Methodology documentation: Their purpose is to measure the average change in home prices in 20 major metropolitan areas... and three price tiers– low, middle and high. The regional indices use 3-month moving averages, published with a two-month lag. This helps offset delays due to ""clumping"" in the flow of sales price data from county deed recorders. It also assures sufficient sample sizes.  Regional Case-Shiller real-estate indices  * Source: Case-Shiller Real-estate Index FAQ. The S&P Case-Shiller webpage has links to historical studies and commentary by Yale University Professor Shiller. Housing Views posts news and analysis for the regional indices. Yes. The CME Group in Chicago runs a real-estate futures market. Regional S&P/ Case-Schiller index futures and options are   the first [security type] for managing U.S. housing risk. They    provide protection, or profit, in up or down markets. They extend to the   housing industry the same tools, for risk management and investment,    available for agriculture and finance. But would you want to invest? Probably not. This market has minimal activity. For the three markets, San Diego, Boston and Los Angeles on 28 November 2011, there was zero trading volume (prices unchanged), no trades settled, no open interest, see  far right, partially cut off in image below.  * Source: Futures and options activity[PDF] for all 20 regional indices.  I don't know the reason for this situation. A few guesses: Additional reference: CME spec's for index futures and options contracts."
You'd likely be most familiar with them with respect to options and futures on commodities but they're used for credit/interest as well. The intrinsic value of an option is *derived* from the spread between call/put price and strike price; the value of the contract I've paid for or sold is derived from the current market value of the underlying asset, be it rice, platinum, or the Swedish kroner
"Not sure about that one.   Stark Laws (there is also an earlier, aptly named ""anti kickback statute"") are the ones to prevent ""kickbacks"", as well as to prevent self referral in cases where there would be financially beneficial to do so (to prevent fraud)."
Yes an index is by definition any arbitrary selection. In general, to measure performance there are 2 ways: By absolute return - meaning you want a positive return at all times ie. 10% is good. -1% is bad. By relative return - this means beating the benchmark. For example, if the benchmark returns -20% and your portfolio returns -10%, then it has delivered +10% relative returns as compared to the benchmark.
I've never heard of such a thing, but seems like if such a product existed it would be easily manipulated by the big trading firms - simply bet that trading volume will go up, then furiously buy and sell shares yourself to artificially drive up the volume. The fact that it would be so easily manipulated makes me think that no such product exists, but I could be wrong.
Central Banks always controlled by politics.  Bush Jr. told Greenspan that he needed to be reelected, and all Greenspan could do was lower interest rates to help, and that fueled more speculation by the commercial bankers.  The president appoints the fed chairman, so dont tell me that they are independent of politicians.    the whole notion that a central banker must be independent of the government force is fuking insane.  You let private bankers control your monetary policy and you lose your nation's sovereignty.  I'd rather put my trust to elected officials than unelected private financial mercenaries.   Nationalize the FED.
Checking accounts can't pay interest, according to the bizarre and outdated Regulation Q. Under the even more bizarre and outdated Regulation D, you can only transfer money out of savings accounts six times per 4 weeks. Your HSA account is probably set up the way it is because the bank wants to be able to tell people they'll earn interest on their savings (although I'll betcha the current rate is something like 0.000000000001%). As far as I know, there's no reason an HSA couldn't be a straight checking account. You wouldn't get interest but you would get more than 6 withdrawals per month. Or, you could do the transfers yourself from savings to checking just keep enough money in the checking part of the account so that the automatic transfer doesn't kick in.
"Most practices I've gone to use a triplicate paper form called a ""medical encounter form""with the specialty's most common procedure codes and laboratory codes preprinted. (And rarer ones hand added).  The doctor fills this out and the office manager transcribes it. This also has a billing section where in my case the office manager initials ""cc"" for credit card.  You probably refused or threw away your copy, but can ask to review their copy.   Maybe there is a mis transcribed entry indicating payment at time of service."
"Doesn't California list literally anything that has the potential to cause cancer cancerous? And don't most of those things have to be ingested to pose any risk? I remember ordering a backpack that ""contained cancer causing materials"". Well, the chemical in particular was harmless unless you ate it. Are people eating backpacks now? I can understand Monsanto not wanting to give the organic, vegan, hippy, people more affirmation of why they hate Monsanto, but honestly Monsanto sucks for a plethora of reasons. Cancer would just be another drop in the bucket of shit they impose on the world."
"This is a very uninformed statement. Becoming an executive of a large corporation under the age of 30 (or even 35) is extremely unheard of. It's an unbelievable accomplishment.  It's very likely that having an affluent family (is this even confirmed?) helped this guy a TON when he was a kid: he got a good education and was able to get into Princeton. After that, though, this guy was on his own. Getting a job at Goldman, doing well enough in it to get a PE job, doing well enough at that to get additional PE jobs and eventually becoming a partner, and doing well enough at that to becoming a fucking CFO at 29... you don't do that because of ""connections"". You do that because you balled out at your job, you worked ridiculous hours, you outperformed your coworkers for promotions, etc; which this guy certainly did.  There are a lot of affluent people that get into great colleges like Princeton, disproportionately so. But there are lots of ""regular folks"" that get into those schools too, and once they get there they have the same opportunity to excel in their careers. Comments to the contrary are woefully uninformed."
A completely stocked medical bag is a bunch of medically proven and tested products that can be easily used during any sort of practise of sports or while exercise as well. These are for supporting any body part while their excessive exercise.
&gt; Europe  I think you mean 'Scandinavia'.  It certainly isn't anything close to that in the UK.  Setting dates before they leave is certainly an improvement on the system as it stands but I feel suspicious about the ability of first time parents, facing such a radical change in their lifestyle, to stick to it.
Great question. Surprisingly, stock returns and GDP growth are mostly unrelated. In fact, they are slightly inversely correlated when you look across countries. Consider a firm that earns $100 on average per year with zero growth. If investors apply a 10% discount rate to this firm, the company will have a market value of $100/10% = $1,000. If it continues to earn $100 per year, it will produce 10% returns despite zero growth in earnings. You can see that realized returns are largely a function of the return investors demand for putting their money in risky assets.  I say mostly unrelated because an increase in GDP growth may increase our firms earnings (though the relationship to earnings per share is muddied by new share issuances, buybacks, M&amp;A, etc.). But you can see from the above example that returns can vastly exceed growth in perpetuity.
"Diversity is not an issue - since the 60s, you can't discriminate based on race, religion and even sexual orientation.   It's how diversity and other junk being taught in colleges and university. I don't need my son to hear crap such as ""white privileges"", ""micro-aggression"", ""no whites are allowed"", ""57 genders"", etc.  So you can see the result of this with how ""diversity"" is implemented today in the work place. Did you hear what happened in Google?  Anyway, can my son be Trump supporter in certain colleges and universities? Yes or no?"
"I believe transparency when it comes to our food is important. So far the laws have always favored the industry, going so far as to suspend first amendment rights when it comes to ""Disparaging food products."" The profits of large agricultural companies shouldn't silence all dissent, reporting and discussion.  They should absolutely have the right to use and sell pink slime, and we deserve the right to know that the're hiding it in our food."
I said it in the comments, but I think it stands as a possible answer; if the bank's the only one telling you you are ineligible for HARP, get a second opinion. The bank is making lots of money off of you, at a time when the pickings are otherwise slim. The bank doesn't want you to refinance, and will do anything it can to convince you that you can't. Many of the big lenders have been taken to task (and to court) by the government for actively hindering these loan modification programs. So, don't trust the bank's word alone. Go to http://www.harpprogram.org and check the eligibility criteria, and if you think you meet them, fill out an application. The basic criteria are: Some caveats:
I mean some VCs focus on technology companies, that's a sector focus, but a very broad one. Are you saying you don't want to be limited to one sector?   Also keep in mind that series B investments are much more expensive then A rounds, just because there is more proof and less risk.   I know of some angel investors that invest by size rather than industry, maybe you could partner up with them. All depends on how much capital you have/ how much involvement you want to have with the company.
A loan with modest interest is better than paying by cash if there are better alternatives for investment. For example, suppose you are buying a house. Consider two extremes: a) you pay the house entirely by cash, b) the entire buy is financed by the bank.  Historically, real (subtracting inflation) house prices (at least in the U.S.) have not risen at all in the long run, and investing all of your own capital in this way may not be optimal. Notice that we are looking at a situation where one is buying a house and living in it in any case. Rent savings are equal in cases a) and b). If instead you were buying a house not for yourself, but as a separate investment for renting out, then you would receive rent. In the case a), the real return on your capital will be zero, whereas in case b), you can invest the cash in e.g. the stock market and get, on average, 7% (the stock market has yielded a 7% real return annually including dividends)  annually minus the bank's interest rate. If the interest is lower than 7%, it may be profitable to take the loan. Of course, the final decision depends on your risk preferences.
I have prepared a report on scam's like this. I'd be happy to deliver a copy of the report to your home. Just give me your address and mail me the keys to your house and I'll drop by and leave it in your home. Oh, and tell me a time when you won't be home, so I won't bother you when I come by. It might also be helpful if you tell me if you have any cash, jewelry, or other valuables in the house and where you keep them, so I can give you advice on security measures. :-)
A tip I tend to put in here that doesn't directly relate to student loan payments, but does matter: Don't focus so much on student loan payments that you find yourself needing to tap short-term credit sources to make ends meet. Making a $100 payment on a 6% interest student loan and then needing to charge a $100 car repair on your 19% interest credit card is not a sound financial move.
Vice: One of the few legitimate journalism sources left out their (Just my opinion, dont down vote me into oblivion for having an opinion pls- thanks) . I still remember when the founder (i think it was the founder) got into north korea - that shit was great.
"http://www.interactivedata.com -&gt; reference data  No, it's not free. Nor would I consider it ""high quality"".  For free data, try the Yahoo Finance API.  The data you want is there, though you may need to calculate some of the fields yourself.  Once you have your application working with free data you will be in a good position to evaluate whether it's worth it to shift to more detailed non-free data."
The majority of honest sellers who are serious about their business and committed to the Amazon platform just authorize all returns/refunds as quick as they can because they don't want to risk having a bad rating/review punctuate their profile. This policy does not change much for any of those sellers, just a few less clicks they need to make every day.  Agreed that many smaller shops or those who are just in it for the short term don't have the room to absorb the costs of meeting the same level of service Amazon provides directly -- but shouldn't we all aspire to it anyway?
"Trading on specific ECNs is the easy part - you simply specify the order routing in advance.  You are not buying or selling the *exact* same shares.  Shares are fungible - so if I simultaneously buy one share and sell another share, my net share position is zero - even if those trades don't settle until T+3.  PS ""The Nasdaq"" isn't really an exchange in the way that the CME, or other order-driven markets are.  It's really just a venue to bring market makers together.  It's almost like ""the internet,"" as in, when you buy something from Amazon, you're not buying it from ""the internet,"" but it was the internet that made your transaction with Amazon possible."
No shit, Sherlock.  Let's see:  - Valuation down like 80% since last year...  - Massive competition from categorically better products with infinitely deep pockets (Android, iPhone)...  - Only customers are a rapidly-eroding base of legacy enterprise customers with aggressive cost/feature requirements and bulk-purchase negotiating power.   Sounds like a winner!
I'm a college student and recently got an interview at an energy investing firm for a job upon graduation. I have academic and extracurricular experience in finance, but I'm not too knowledgeable on the energy sector.    What are some good resources (websites, newsletters, etc.) on learning more about the energy industry?  Are there any industry specific questions that are likely to come up during the interview?
The creation mechanism for ETF's ensures that the value of the underlying stocks do not diverge significantly from the Fund's value.  Authorized participants have a strong incentive to arbitrage any pricing differences and create/redeem blocks of stock/etf until the prices are back inline.  Contrary to what was stated in a previous answer, this mechanism lowers the cost of management of ETF's when compared to mutual funds that must access the market on a regular basis when any investors enter/exit the fund. The ETF only needs to create/redeem in a wholesale basis, this allows them to operate with management fees that are much lower than those of a mutual fund.  Expenses Due to the passive nature of indexed strategies, the internal   expenses of most ETFs are considerably lower than those of many mutual   funds. Of the more than 900 available ETFs listed on Morningstar in   2010, those with the lowest expense ratios charged about .10%, while   those with the highest expenses ran about 1.25%. By comparison, the   lowest fund fees range from .01% to more than 10% per year for other   funds. (For more on mutual fund feeds, read Stop Paying High Fees.)
"In the Netherlands its cheaper in some cases to have a mortgage then to own a house.   Example: If you own a house you pay more taxes (because you own something expensive you have to pay ""eigendoms belasting"" < owners tax). So if you instead of owning the house,  keep the mortgage low and only pay the mortgage interest, the interest will be much lower then the tax you would have to pay. The sweet spot (for lowest interest and not having to pay the owners tax) is different for any mortgage but by grandparents use this method and they pay a really small amount for a rather large house."
I'm gonna drop some knowledge for you.  If you buy 3 items for $9.96, the cost of each individual item is:      $9.96 / 3 = $3.32  This logic carries through in any situation where you pay an amount for more than one of something.  I'm confident you can extrapolate for the 2nd link.  On that note, I don't understand how you clicked the links, saw *literally* only the price, and then closed them.  You sure are zealous in your battle to defend Best Buy.
I don't know, relative worth might be hard to judge, but I'm pretty sure if you could satisfy all needs and most wants you wouldn't have much trouble with disagreements between people's work value.  Also, get rid of money and trade.
"As others have alluded to but haven't said due to the lack of reputation points to spare, you can take advantage of oil prices by leveraging up and using as much credit and margin as the banks and brokerages (respectively) will lend you. People assume that the correct answer on this forum has to masquerade as conservative financial advice, and this is not advice nor conservative. Futures contracts are readily available, but they are expensive to obtain (like a minimum entry of $4,450). But if this expense is no such object to you then you can then obtain this contract which is actually worth 20x that and experience the price appreciation and depreciation of the whole contract. The concept is similar to a downpayment on a mortgage. You assume ""rock bottom"" oil prices, but fortunately for you, futures contracts will allow you to quickly change your bets from future price appreciation and allow you to speculate on future price depreciation. So although the union workers will be protesting full time after the drilling company lays them off, you will still be getting wealthier. Long Options. These are the best. The difference with options, amongst other speculation products, is that options require the least amount of capital risk for the greatest reward. With futures, or with trading shares of an ETF (especially on margin), you have to put up a lot of capital, and if the market does not go your desired direction, then will lose a lot. And on margin products you can lose more than you put in. Being long options does not come with these dilemmas. A long march 2015 call option on USO ETF can currently be bought for less than $200 of actual cash (ie. the trading quote will be less than $2.00, but this will cost you less than $200), and will be worth $1000 on a very modest rebound in prices. The most you can lose is the $200 for the contract. Compared to $4450 on the futures, or $100,000 (that you don't have) in the futures market if oil really moves against you, or compared to whatever large amount of cash needed to actually buy shares of an ETF needed to make any decent return. These are the most lucrative (and fun and exhilarating and ) ways to take advantage of rock bottom oil prices, as an individual."
Some good and some bad here. The bad amounts to the fact that consumers are missing out on potential opportunity in the markets due to fear. Any financial advisor or analyst can tell you that there are a multitude of ways to enjoy the markets while limiting risk. You may not make a Million but, you will likely beat the savings account rate. On the good news front it is great that Americans continue to shed debt and are hesitant to take on more. Somewhere in the middle is the fact that some borrowers who may be able to qualify for lower rates can't get them due to depreciated home values. The bottom line there is that if you can afford your mortgage, be happy. You don't NEED to refinance for a lower rate, our grandparents never refinanced and they did ust fine.
"The simple answer is that what you are doing is an incredible waste of time. The normal process is to charge, say, in January, the bill is cut at month end, and due by the 15th of February. No interest accrues. As long as the credit line is sufficient for your monthly spending, that's it.  Now, if you are watching your score closely, utilization might become an issue, if the statement amount is much over 20%, there's an impact to your score. This is easily addressed with a second monthly payment, made just before the bill is cut.  Keep in mind, the phrase ""carrying a balance"" commonly means not paying the bill in full, and letting interest accumulate. I understand you didn't mean that. The way you are paying your account isn't common, and really serves no value."
I am currently switching careers and health insurance plans. I am interested in not rolling over and simply a withdrawal of my previous HSA account. What type of penalty would that be and who would I need to contact? The insurance company or the bank where the HSA is held?
No, these were exit polls. Entirely different organizations and processes than pre election prediction polls.   As an aside, most of the respected pre vote prediction polls were within the MOE at the area level, and at the national level they were mostly correct, considering he lost the popular vote by a significant margin. It's clear you don't know how statistical models work, but to put it in layman's terms, if they give something a 75% chance to happen, that means the other thing can easily happen. Especially when you are balancing the popular vote (which they were mostly correct on) And the electoral college.   Food for thought next time you think that snarky answer is an intelligent one.
"NYT republished a nifty infographic that shows how the S&P 500 performs over various time horizons. If you study it for a bit, you'll see that 10 percent is not likely over time that you'll earn 10 percent annually after inflation. Most people quoting the higher number are working with numbers before inflation.  The above linked chart is misleading in the following sense: it groups into five categories, who's boundaries are demarcated by percentages of interest. But we'd rather see them clustered by those percentages. For example, 6.9 percent falls into the neutral category (better than investing in fixed interest securities, but still below market average), but 7.1 falls into the ""above average"" category. The effect is that we will treat the neutral color that dominates the long term trend as being somewhere in the middle of 3-7, when I suspect that's not the case. Some day I'll probably make my own version and see how that plays out.  So that all said, if you look at the 30 year diagonal, you can see there's still quite a bit of variation in returns. Unfortunately I can't turn this into a single number for you, but grab a spreadsheet and some market data if you want one."
The SEC considers a day trade to be any trade that is opened and closed within the same trading day, and considers a day trader to be any trader that completes 4 or more day trades within 5 business days. If so they would label you day trader and in the US you are required to have at least $25K in your account. Maybe that's why they require you to add more money to your account? See more at Day trading restriction on US stocks and Wikipedia - Pattern day trader.
December, 2, 2011 (03:00pm) :-  Nifty Futures up by ( 1.57%) on the strong global crisis.  Steps look by USA, Chinese, &amp; European central banks are praised by every investors.  Bharat Petroleum up by (7.12%) on the strong crude oil cues in Nynex.  Nifty looks a strong support at 4930 &amp; up 100 points on the strong European opening FTSE trading at 5564 up by 75 points, DAX and CAC trading at 3180 up by 50 points.  Nifty futures have strong support levels at 4930 &amp; then 4850 &amp; resistance at 5140 &amp; then 530.0 levels.
The soaps do not lather at all, the shampoo smells nice and that's about it. The dish washing detergent does not clean worth a shit. The laundry detergent will not pull stains and does not whiten whites, the tooth paste leaves my mouth feeling dirty even with my normal obsessive oral hygiene regimen.  it's all crap. all brand and lifestyle and no substance.
Quickly check the escrow balance with the new lender. What was supposed to happen is that the old lender would send the money they were holding in escrow to the new lender with information regarding how it was calculated, and what you should be charged each month. The new lender would continue servicing the escrow at the same monthly rate, until they did a yearly or semi-annually re-analysis of the escrow account. This is how all the mortgage transfers that I have had happened, as long as it wasn't due to a refinancing of the loan. If it was a refinancing the escrow transfer was done at closing. He said that they close the escrow account and refunded it and they   start a new escrow with the new lender. The new company would not want to have the money sent to you, because they would now have to require you to send the money on to them. There could be a gap of several weeks. They would have to pay any bills that come due during that gap, without the cash in the escrow account. If the escrow account is either zero, or very low, expect that the new company will be sending you a notice. The old lender could have convinced the new lender to refund the money back to them, or the old lender never transferred the funds. If a notice comes from the new lender, failure to replace the money will put your loan into default. If the sum of money is large they may have to increase the monthly escrow amount to make it up in 6 to 12 months. After that period the monthly escrow will return to a more reasonable level. If the old lender comes after you expect that the request won't be over the phone.  One thing the old lender could do is to request the loan be transferred back to them. The funds would then flow back to their company, but your escrow balance would now be zero, and they would now up your monthly escrow amount to get back on track.
I would say that the WebMD's sellers are getting a good deal, to be bought out in cash (of certain value) rather than in stocks in KKR / Internet Brands that are of uncertain value (because you can't sell the lot overnight without affecting the price; you have to drip feed the stock onto the market slowly over months or years, and who knows that they'll be worth by the time you've managed to sell them).  In *The Intelligent Investor* Benjamin Graham is quite critical of management funding acquisitions by the dilution of stock. Acquisitions seem to be KKR's raison d'être, however.
Usually I've seen people treat the dividend like a separate cash flow, which is discounted if the company doesn't have a well-established dividend history. I've never really seen dividends rolled into a total return chart (except in the context of an article), probably because dividend reinvestment is a nightmare of record-keeping in a taxable account, and most folks don't do it. One of my brokers (TD Ameritrade) does allow you to plot dividend yield historically on their charts.
Request verification in writing of the debt. They are required to provide this by law. Keep this for your records.  Send them a notice by certified mail stating that this is not your debt and not to contact you again. Indicate that you will take legal action if they continue to try and collect. Keep a log of if/when they continue to call or harass you. Contact counsel about your rights under the fair debt collection laws, but if they keep harassing you after being provided proof of your identity, they are liable. You could win a judgement in court if you have proof of bad behavior.  If your identity is stolen, you are not legally responsible for the charges. However it is a mess to clean up, so pull your credit reports and review your accounts to be sure.
I would go android too if there was a nice phone (Xiaomi Mii Mix 2 in small would be neat) and if i could stand android.  So, i'm now on a 2012 ipgone 5. Storage is a bit low now and the battery is pretty bad. Not sure what i should use next. Maybe a SE but i really want a display going to the edges.
Okay, how good is my programmed test going to be if I'm new to trading? I thought the biggest flaw to algorithm trading is the people that write the code?  I am still trying to develop my own sense of swing reading with significant structure, price action, and other technicals. I was going to use the click-by-click, ninjatrader method to see what works best.   So, between your answer and my question. If I was going to buy data, from what stocks would be the best data to mine. L?
It is pretty easy to setup a spreadsheet for calculating interest payments and remaining balance.  Do a quick search online.  You may want to put it in something like Google Docs, where brother can view the status, but only you can edit it.  When you get a payment, a portion goes to interest and another to principle.  The formulas will do the work for you. However, I feel that there is a bigger issue.  The math may seem like a good deal for the both of you, but I would be very hesitant to loan a family member money. What if he does not pay?  What if he is late with a payment and goes on a vacation himself?  What if his significant other resents the payment that you collect which precludes her from  buying a new TV, etc... People come to hate/resent big corporations that they have to make payments.  How much more so one that has a face....that comes over and eats?  While this loan is outstanding holidays may never be the same.   Is the loan a real need?  Are you in a position to give them the money?  You may want to consider the latter. Is there a reason he can't just borrow the money from the bank?
OTC markets group definitely has a lot of foreign and startup issuer is the tech field. Also you have to define technology. Do you want computer technology, engineering, hardware manufacturing, software companies, biotech, or something else? Technology can mean many things and what you specifically want may end up shaping your portfolio. Also technology is a volatile sector I'd diversify with something more stable like utilities or basic materials if I were you.
Hard for me to compare, never having taught anywhere else.  I do think it has become a lot more structured over the past decade or so, but there is nothing like the horror stories I hear out the the states (e.g. pay/bonuses tied to performance reviews and/or test scores).  All public system teachers are unionized here, so that helps a great deal.
Who can buy Uber for anything close to their current valuation? They're worth more on paper than Ford, GM, or Tesla. And founders and execs usually don't get the same seniority of shares and liquidation preferences as VCs.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/metacanada] [People Over 40 Should Only Work 3 Days A Week, Experts Claim](https://np.reddit.com/r/metacanada/comments/76ocjv/people_over_40_should_only_work_3_days_a_week/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
I think thats a common but in the end false opinion, that automation will take away all the jobs. In the 1950s people talked about what we'd do with all our leisure time as a result of automation. But here we are 70 years later and we're still working 40-50 hours a week for the most part.  There aren't a finite number of jobs. We create new ones when old ones are no longer relevant. I don't think we need to protect the switchboard operators, lamp lighters or bowling pin setters of America. If a machine can pack a box with toilet paper, toothpaste and AA batteries better than a human, I want more machines.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.ocregister.com/2017/08/28/what-business-exodus-california-tops-in-u-s-for-company-creation/) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Even the headquarters of Jamba Juice and Carl&amp;#039;s Jr. So with much talk about companies supposedly fleeing California en masse - purportedly due to unfriendly conditions for business - would you be surprised if I told you the state had the nation&amp;#039;s largest increase in the number of companies between 2014 and this year?  &gt; Even if you rank states on percentage growth, California still looks pretty good in this period: It ranked 10th best for small business creation; No. 17 for mid-size; 23rd for giant companies and 13th in overall growth.  &gt; Yes, several indexes of relative business attractiveness by state give California low grades.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6x1wk6/what_business_exodus_california_tops_in_us_for/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~201450 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **California**^#1 **company**^#2 **state**^#3 **business**^#4 **growth**^#5"
"If you intend to gamble, you should bring cash with you and turn your chips into cash at the end of the night.  If the casino closes and you haven't cashed in your chips before docking, you'll be out of luck.  Also if you use your ship card to get money for gambling, they will charge you a hefty fee. If you use the electronic poker table or a machine that doesn't take actual money, you'll have to use your ship card.  Make sure when you leave the at the end of the night that you ""cash in"" your electronic winnings.  This is really confusing, but the machines will debit your ship card, into a 'casino account' and if you just walk away thinking it will net out your other purchases (drinks, food, etc) you will lose all of that money.  Summary: If you gamble, use real money and convert your winnings back into real money."
At their age, the likely did not even need the coverage anymore unless they were doing some major estate planning.  If that's the case then it sound like they purchased the wrong policy to begin with since OP's account of the information makes it sound like a term policy.  If it is a term policy, the term was also probably about to end as well.    In the end, this will likely not be a bog deal.
Serious question here...at buffet places, do we have to tip? What's the normal percentage? There is a new lunch buffet place and all the waiter does is bring  you the drink and I guess clear the table when you're done eating...That's a bit less work than taking your order, bringing your order, making sure stuff is not missing from your order, etc.
Financial Economics, although, as I understand it, not all colleges offer this major.
What always impressed my interviewers was talking about my stock trading experience. They don't care if you're investing $100 or $100k as long as you can talk about the story of what you look for in an investment, why you're trading, what your process is. All of that goes a long way to showing you're interested beyond classes.
"This is ridiculous. Of course some companies don't pay taxes each year. Off the top of my head, NOL's (net operating losses) can be carried forward 20 years and will definitely reduce tax liability. For that matter, a loss during any year prevents paying income tax (though sales, property, ad valorem and other taxes may apply). Other companies may get capital credits, green credits, or other subsidies that might prevent a tax liability. None of these indicate that a corporation is getting away with anything. The IRS is a lot better at its job than most people think.  The point is, you can't look at any individual year and make an accurate assessment of a company's (or even an individual's) tax burden. It's completely dishonest reporting.  Source: I'm a state tax auditor, and my job is to make sure corporations pay what they are supposed to.  EDIT: additionally, 2010 was the heart of the recession for a lot of companies. There were a LOT of corporations that took losses that year. So to say that ""GE took in 14.2 billion and paid no taxes"" is misleading: you have to say WHY they paid no taxes or you're just blowing hot air. Taxes are assessed on **income**, not **revenue**. There is a big difference."
I'm no expert but I don't think it's too far fetched to say there's billions of dollars that could be saved with making government spending operate more efficiently. Also there's plenty of things that the government spends money on that could be left to the private sector/state governments (housing, education, healthcare)
You just said a lot of stuff and provide no sources.  I'm not even British (American) and can say the British absolutely have things to offer.  They have some of the best universities in the world and are a highly educated, English speaking country. Not to mention, they will likely develop some trade deals with Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.  https://www.google.com/amp/business.financialpost.com/opinion/in-the-trump-era-the-plan-for-a-canadian-u-k-australia-new-zealand-trade-alliance-is-quickly-catching-on/wcm/28a0869b-dbab-4515-9149-d1e242b1ef20/amp
I already commented the best existing answers, however let me note a couple of other things.  Some of my friends in the past have wanted to do one of the following:
"It is measured in US dollars.  The US cannot just print the money because that would cause inflation.  Remember that money is really just a convenient placeholder for the barter system.  Creating more money regardless of whether there is more value in the economy (work, resources, etc.) is a very bad idea, and doing so has collapsed the economies of many countries. Debt increasing means that the US owes other countries more money.  So yes, they are receiving more money from other countries, but the US has to pay it all back with interest eventually. The US government spends more money than it receives in taxes.  To decrease the debt, spending needs to decrease and/or taxes need to increase. Many countries lend to the US.  One of the biggest is China.  These countries do so because of interest -- the US pays back more money than it gets lent, so the lending countries make a profit. If China suddenly called in all its debt to the US, this would severely damage the world economy.  China's biggest trading partner is the US, so it has no interest in harming the US this way; it would harm itself.  Additionally, the US would probably refuse to pay it (not to mention that it can't), and then China would lose all the money it ""invested"" in the US.  It would benefit no one."
"401k plans are required to not discriminate against the non-HCE participants, and one way they achieve this is by limiting the percentage of wages that HCEs can contribute to the plan to the average annual percentage contribution by the non-HCE participants or 3% whichever is higher.  If most non-HCE employees contribute only 3% (usually to capture the employer match but no more),  then the HCEs are stuck with 3%. However, be aware that in companies that award year-end bonuses to all employees, many non-HCEs contribute part of their bonuses to their 401k plans, and so the average annual percentage can rise above 3% at the end of year. Some payroll offices have been known to ask all those who have not already maxed out their 401k contribution  for the year (yes, it is possible to do this even while contributing only 3% if you are not just a HCE but a VHCE) whether they want to contribute the usual 3%, or a higher percentage, or to contribute the maximum possible under the nondiscrimination rules. So, you might be able to contribute more than 3% if the non-HCEs put in more money at the end of the year. With regard to NQSPs, you pretty much have their properties pegged correctly. That money is considered to be deferred compensation and so you pay taxes on it only when you receive it upon leaving employment. The company also gets to deduct it as a business expense when the money is paid out, and as you said, it is not money that is segregated as a 401k plan is. On the other hand, you have earned the money already: it is just that the company is ""holding"" it for you. Is it paying you interest on the money (accumulating in the NQSP, not paid out in cash or taxable income to you)?  Would it be better to just take the money right now, pay taxes on it, and invest it yourself? Some deferred compensation plans work as follows. The deferred compensation is given to you as a loan in the year it is  earned, and you pay only interest on the principal each year. Since  the money is a loan, there is no tax of any kind due on the money when you receive it. Now you can invest the proceeds of this loan and hopefully earn enough to cover the interest  payments due. (The interest you pay is deductible on Schedule A as an Investment Interest Expense).  When employment ceases,  you repay the loan to the company as a lump sum or in five or ten annual installments, whatever was agreed to, while the company pays you your deferred compensation less taxes withheld. The net effect is that you pay the company the  taxes due on the money, and the company sends this on to the various tax authorities as money withheld from wages paid.  The advantage is that you do not need to worry  about what happens to your money if the company fails; you have received it up front.  Yes, you have to pay the loan principal to the company but the company also owes you exactly that much money as unpaid wages. In the best of all worlds, things will proceed smoothly, but if not, it is better to be in this Mexican standoff rather than standing in line in bankruptcy court and hoping to get pennies on the dollar for your work."
Are you kidding? Subsidized loans is effectively free money. Of course they're going to avail themselves.  The real reason is prbably that Bernanke didn't want to be playing favorites (which he was). The level and quality of collateral required for these loans varied wildly, with very little explanation.  Also, 16 trillion is a LOT of money to be given out as a subsidized loan, even if the quality of the collateral was high and the duration was short (which is NOT true for at least a trillion of that money).
Speaking as a CFA charter holder in an alternative asset class, the CFA designation is beneficial to any role in finance. Not only does it provide a framework for understanding economics, accounting, financial instruments and markets, etc, the real value to me, is the signal it provides to others. For me, the CFA signals a level of intellectual sophistication and work ethic that employers, prospects, etc. Maybe asset management jobs aren't as in demand as previously, but I'm sure a CFA charter holder  has a better chance of finding a retaining that role
I don’t know what you mean by “fair price”.  A lot goes into pricing and you haven’t really given enough details. How will the customers be getting your decks? What have customers paid in the past for your decks? What advertising have you already done or are planning to do? How exactly are your decks higher quality? Are your designs original? Who did them? How will they be packaged? There are lots of variables.   You’re going to want to differentiate yourself as much as possible going forward and price accordingly.
Ethics and sources of meat aside, it's important to note the markets are currently not working. There are farm subsidies keeping the cost of meat low and many externalities generated from meat production (eg cow methane) which are paid for.by society and not the producer. Fix those issues and I'm right there with you!
Public sector union rep here.   1) First class? You haven’t worked for many non-profits, have you?  2) the idea that I’m essentially a public employee is ridiculous. My members pay my salary out of their paycheck. I’m accountable to them, not their employer. That’s like saying the groceries they buy are public property or their house is a public building. Once the government pays my members, that money is theirs, period.
Harvesting fresh produce is labor intensive and that costs money. As it is fresh produce is harvested using quasi-slave labor in North America, China and other parts of the world to keep prices down. Wanna know why a watermelon costs $40 in Japan and $3 in the USA? Guess which country pays legal citizens living wages to harvest produce...
"Generally speaking, yes, you can withdraw cash from an ATM using your credit card. However, this is usually a terrible deal: Also, keep in mind that on top of the limit set by the ATM of the amount of cash you can withdraw, the credit card company also has its own ""cash advance credit limit"" that is usually lower than your regular credit limit for purchases."
I used to sell electronics at sears.  Let me tell you something about the sears I worked at.  At the time, sears could not figure out how to keep track of how many TVs we had.  So whenever a customer wanted a tv, we had to dash across the store, go into the backroom, get a manager to open the tv cage, and physically check if we had the tv in stock.    This was a colossal waste of time, and we never really had more than 2 or 3 of any given TV at a time.  I lost sales all the time because we didn't have tvs in stock.  Turns out people don't want to wait a week to pick up a TV they bought.  My coworkers and I complained to our manager about this but nothing was ever done.
I was having a conversation about this recently because I got a raise and it kind of surprised me I didn't have to fight so much for it. Companies regularly give us CPI increases but in certain fields (especially IT at the moment) wage growth is so rapid that in 1-2 years you're 10-20% behind your peers.  A lot of people change jobs regularly to avoid this. I've fought for raises and kept moving around to different departments to keep my wage up to baseline but I get that for a lot of people thats not possible due to company culture.
Yes, that's all that happened in the last 30 years: people got lazy and stupid, that's all.  Oh, they're more productive? That's just because the CEO is so damn good, all the value from that extra productivity should just go to him. /s
"&gt; would anyone have viewed the success of the iPhone differently if its launch was delayed by a few months?  OK, Mr. Financial 'journalist', why don't you look up Mr/Ms ""Depositor #455,000"" and catch their reaction when they find out when they can expect their Model 3? How many tail-end Charlies are going to wait that out?  Not to mention what ""tail-end"" will end up paying; the [current](http://insideevs.com/when-will-the-7500-us-credit-expire-for-the-tesla-model-3-and-everyone-else/) phase-out schedule for that $7500 tax-credit puts it to our recent 'depositor', *hard*. At the Model 3 price point, this is going to make the car about 20% less 'affordable for most of those in line.  With almost 10% back-outs already, another few 'below-expectations' quarters will provoke some serious pitchfork waving."
"haha I used to be the same way. But then I began to realize that these charts are somewhat intentionally vague so that the topic does seem more confusing and complicated, so then we're much more inclined to just say ""hmm ok, I guess they know what their talking about"".   That's the beauty of numbers too; they can be manipulated and concentrated into certain way so that it helps to prove a thesis someone is positing. Unfortunately these charts often provide zero context to go along with it, so any real knowledgable investor wont give much thought to one set of charts, like the ones in this post."
The point of the article is not making your own investments vs. hiring a money manager. It is about passive low cost investments vs. active money managers.  This article is advising people to avoid active money managers because (A) even an extra 1% management fee adds up to a lot, and (B) active managers usually don't beat the low cost passive options anyway.
Stuart MacFarlane Psychotherapist Stuart MacFarlane is a well-known Jungian psychotherapist who has over 30 years of experience as an educator, counsellor and psychotherapist. Originally from Sydney, Australia, he currently resides in London where he maintains his private practice. Over the years, he has helped hundreds of patients cope with and overcome a variety of psychological dilemmas.
I can often get the option at [a] price [between bid and ask] The keyword you use here is quite relevant: often. More realistically, it's going to be sometimes. And that's just how supply and demand should work.  The ask is where you know you can buy right away. If you don't wanna buy at ask, you can try and put a higer bid but you can only hope someone will take it before the price moves. If prices are moving up fast, you will have missed a chance if you gambled mid-spread. Having said that, the larger the spread is, the more you should work with limits mid-spread. You don't want to just take ask or bid with illiquid options. Make a calculation of the true value of the option (i.e. using the Black Scholes Model), then set your bid around there. Of course, if not only the option but also the underlying is illiquid, this all gets even more difficult.
Obviously the problem that we have no control over and is going on in someone else's house. It's like how in meetings the major bugs in the latest release are glossed over in five minutes while discussions of coffee room etiquette take forty five.
I'm just began playing in the stock   market. I assume you mean that you're not using real money, but rather you have an account with a stock simulator like the one Investopedia offers. I am hopeful that's the case due to the high level of risk involved in short selling like you're describing. Here is another post about short selling that expands a bit on that point. To learn much more about the ins and outs of short selling I will point again to Investopedia. I swear I don't work for them, but they do have a great short selling tutorial.  When you short sell a stock you are borrowing the stock from your broker. (The broker typically uses stock held by one or more of his clients to cover the loan.) Since it's basically a loan you pay interest. Of course the longer you hold it the more interest you pay. Also, as Joe mentioned there are scenarios in which you may be forced to buy the stock (at a higher price than you sold it). This tends to happen when the stock price is going against the short sell (i.e. you lose money). Finally, did anyone mention that the potential losses in a short sell are infinite?
I would not take any action with the check (neither return it nor cash it), but instead contact the bank.  We live in the modern era where you can call someone on the phone or email them, and get nearly instant feedback.  Use this to your advantage.  Find out why they refunded you the money twice: was it an error on their part (in which case you just tear up the check or return it to them and be done with it)?  Is it possible you're wrong about it being twice refunded (maybe the first check didn't go through properly or was only for half the amount, and you're just wrong)?  Maybe they had some sort of guarantee that they failed to live up to and are correctly refunding you double your money. Probably the first, of course.  But you should call them and ask, and verify what they want you to do, before you take any action - particularly one that costs you money.  And certainly don't just cash the check; if it is a mistake, they'll be asking for that money back later, with interest, and be within their rights to do so.
But the point is that these opinions were once held by many if not most of our Founding Fathers, which leaves open the question of which of their other opinions we can take seriously. They did not enshrine their hypothetical view of Congressmen as temporary workers in the Constitution, did they?
Generally banks will thoroughly check to make sure there is a market for the item before they take it as collateral. After that they will say it's only worth 40-80% of its value to avoid price volatility. So while it is rediculous to take a Andy Warhol painting as collateral, banks will be pretty conservative on its value (usually).
Because that is not at all what you said. Very simple.  PS. You can always use more data. You never have perfect or enough data. So you point is akin to water is wet... it is not like you discussed why the data we have is not appropriate
"I feel like you didn't actually read your agent's agreement, which should say where the money actually comes from. You sign it so that your agent can get paid by the listing agency from the net brokerage fees which the buyer pays. In the United States, ""real estate agents are prohibited from being paid a commission directly by the consumer."" (citation: https://www.thebalance.com/how-do-buyer-s-agents-get-paid-1798872 ) The agreement will say exactly where your buyer's-agent's money is going to come from. Typically the listing agency receives the broker fees from the seller, and then pays both the seller's agent and the buyer's agent from that. It means both agents have to split the fee. [If] for some reason the seller won't pay the buyer broker, can I just not purchase the house? Pretty much, yes, though it won't be you saying ""deal's off"". Unless they have some really unusual contracts with their OWN broker, if the seller refuses to pay fees, their own side of the transaction is going to fall apart and the sale won't happen at all, leaving you off the hook for your own broker's fee."
Given the current economic situation with more people going online to shop for everything from groceries to the most important purchase of a lifetime, the perfect place to live, it is paramount for real estate firms, both large and small, to ensure their website grabs and holds potential client attention.
In a very basic sense you can only issue a dividend from distributable profits, which in practice is usually the businesses retained profits. As a new company you will not have any retained profits and therefore technically no distributable profits.  In practice though, many companies issue interim dividends before the year end, however you are best taking professional advice as to whether you are in a position to do this. If the company pays out dividends in the first year and then makes a loss you will have been deemed to make an illegal distribution. The 'dividend' can then actually be treated as loan rather than a distribution but there are potential tax implications there.   See ACCA guidance here on Illegal Dividends. A Chartered Accountant will be able to advise you accordingly.
You could also interpret these actions as satisfying consumer wants, instead of as some sort of conspiracy.  Businesses want to make sales. That's not news. That's no a secret. I think it's pretty safe to assume everyone knows that.   If you, as an individual decided to pawn of responsibility for for purchases on other people, you'd be seen as ridiculous, and rightly so.  This implies that you think this doesn't apply to you, but does apply to many other people. That makes you an elitist. Exactly how much better than everyone else do you think you are?
About 10 years ago, I used to use MetaStock Trader which was a very sound tool, with a large number of indicators, but it has been a number of years since I have used it, so my comments on it will be out of date. At the time it relied upon me purchasing trading data myself, which is why I switched to Incredible Charts. I currently use Incredible Charts which I have done for a number of years, initially on the free adware service, now on the $10/year for EOD data access. There are quicker levels of data access, which might suit you, but I can't comment on these. It is web-based which is key for me. The data quality is very good and the number of inbuilt indicators is excellent. You can build search routines on the basis of specific indicators which is very effective. I'm looking at VectorVest, as a replacement for (or in addition to) Incredible Charts, as it has very powerful backtesting routines and the ability to run test portfolios with specific buy/sell criteria that can simulate and backtest a number of trading scenarios at the same time. The advantage of all of these is they are not tied to a particular broker.
I'm going to assume that you want to be invested all the time and each trade consists in selling a security and buying another one (similar to your example). How much commissions you are willing to pay depends on several factors, but one way to think about it is as follows. You have a position in stock A and you want to switch to stock B because you think it will perform better. If you think there's a good chance (>50%) that B will outperform A by more than x% then you can happily pay up to x/2% commissions and still make money over a long time horizon. If you like formulae, one way to express it is: Where: Example: if you tend to be right 51% of the time (hit rate), and gain 110% more than you lose on average (win loss ratio), you can see that your expected profit is: 5.1% - commissions, so you could pay 2.5% commissions on entering and closing the position and still make money*. Unfortunately, common sense, statistics and numerous studies tell us a sad truth: on average, people have a hit rate of 50% and a win/loss ratio of 100%. Which means that their expected profit per trade is 0% - commission. Based on that crude observation - unless you can prove to yourself that you are better than average - you should aim at reducing commissions paid to your broker as much as possible through: * 51% and 110% are not random numbers, they correspond to the results of the top 15% (professional) managers in a research paper using a sample of 215 funds managing $150bn.
First off, the basics on HST/GST:   You don't need to collect HST, if you don't want to, until you hit 30k in a particular three month period (assuming you're not regularly passing $30k).  You then need to collect on the sale that takes you over $30k plus all sales after that.  See the H&R Block page on GST/HST for example: [B]usiness goes through the roof, generating more than $30,000 in one particular three-month period. In this case, the day the sale goes through that took you over that $30,000 threshold becomes the day you cease to be a small supplier. You must charge GST/HST on the sale that put you over the $30,000 limit, and on all sales after that, even if you are not yet registered. You now have 29 days to register with the government. Alternately, if you hit 30k over four three-month periods (i.e., a year), then you are exempt until the end of that fourth three-month period, after which you must register and collect HST the month after: [R]evenues in excess of $30,000 during four (or fewer) previous, consecutive three-month periods. You will be considered to be a small supplier for those four calendar three-month periods, plus the next month. Your first sale after that additional month, and all sales thereafter, will have to include GST/HST. You will have 29 days from the first day of the second month to register. However, many businesses do collect HST/GST even under that limit, in particular as it means you can collect tax refunds for your input HST/GST paid.  If you do so, then you simply register from the start, and then you don't need to worry about it.  You do need to remit those taxes collected, though.  If you don't remit, you won't be able to collect tax rebates for your input HST/GST. You decide to become a GST/HST registrant when you start your business. You expect to exceed the $30,000 threshold at some time in the near future. You also want to receive any GST/HST paid back from the government on all expenditures especially those high startup costs. And, as Grant Thornton recommends: In most cases, it’s generally a good idea to register for GST/HST as soon as your business is established. Provided that your business makes (or will make) taxable or zero-rated supplies, early registration ensures that GST/HST paid on costs incurred is recoverable since tax paid prior to registration is generally not recoverable except on the purchase of inventory, capital property and prepaid services still on hand at the time of registration. Be sure to register early because, in many situations, registering late can result in the loss of recoverable GST paid before registration.
The exchanges artificially push the price of the stock down on the ex-div date. Often the impact of paying the dividend is absorbed by the ebb and flow of trading in the stock later in the day by the market. I think this was noticable with Nokia because the company is in poor shape and the stock has plunged recently.  Dividends are a great way for companies to return value to shareholders. The trend for many companies, particularly growth stocks is to reinvest profits to grow the company. Former growth stocks like Microsoft like to just sit on billions of dollars and do nothing with it.
"What does ""points"" mean In any stock market, there are certain stocks that go up and certain stocks that go down. Hence if we want to find the generic health of stock market, i.e. on an average is it going up or down, we have no means to find out.  A practise that has evolved over the years is take a set of companies and find if on average they have gone up or gone down. In very simple terms say in 1970 I take the Market Capitalization of a set of 50 companies, lets say its value is ""X"". I would now call this index as value of 100. Now after a month if the Market Capitalization is 2X, the index value would be 200. After another month if the Market Capitalization come down to 1.5X, then index value would be 150. So essentially now one is able to get the general trend more easily. S&P is an index of Select 500 companies based on various parameters. So in isolation 2000 does not mean anything. However as a comparison it does give quite a bit of insight. Note there are various adjustments made to factor, i.e. certain companies go bankrupt or are not doing well are removed from Index, share splits, mergers, etc. This ensure that the Index is neutral and does not show unwarranted spikes."
Non-disclosure agreement?  To be honest though, your idea would have to be great *and* achievable to make it appealing enough to steal. I'm involved in two businesses at the moment (one of them is a web app). We have an NDA in place for potential investors, which is enough to let people know you're serious.
"What is a good bank to use for storing my pay? Preferrably one that has free student accounts. Can I save money from my paychecks   directly to a Canadian bank Otherwise, can I connect my bank account   to my Canadian account online? Any (almost...) bank in the US has free college checking accounts. If the bank you entered doesn't - exit, and step into the one next door which most likely will. The big names - Wells Fargo, Bank Of America, Chase, Bank of the West, Union Bank, Citi etc - all have it. Also, check your local credit union. Do I need any ID to open a bank account? I have Canadian citizenship and a J-1 visa Bring your passport and a student card/driving license (usually 2 ID's required). What form of money should I take with me? Cash? Should I apply for a   debit card? Can I use my Canadian credit card for purchasing anything   in the states? (Canadian dollar is stronger than US dollar currently,   so this could be to my advantage?) There's some fuss going on about debit cards right now. Some big banks (Bank of America, notably) decided to charge fees for using it. Check it, most of the banks are not charging fees, and as far as I know none of the credit unions are charging. So same thing - if they charge fees for debit card - step out and move on to the next one down the street. Using debit card is pretty convenient, cash is useful for small amount and in places that don't accept cards. If you're asking about how to move money from Canada - check with your local (Canadian) bank about the conversion rates and fees for transfers, check cashing, ATM, card swipes, etc - and see which one is best for you. When I moved large amounts of money across the border, I chose wire transfer because it was the cheapest, but for small amounts many times during the period of your stay it may be more expensive. You can definitely use your Canadian credit/debit card in the States, you'll be charged some fee by your credit card company, and of course the conversion rate. How much tax does I have to pay at the end of my internship? Let's assume one is earning $5,000 per month plus a one time $5,000 housing   stipend, all before taxes. Will I be taxed again by the Canadian   government? $5K for internship? Wow... You need to talk to a tax specialist, there's probably some treaty between the US and Canada on that, and keep in mind that the State of California taxes your income as well. What are some other tips I can use to save money in the California? California is a very big place. If you live in SF - you'll save a lot by using the MUNI, if your internship is in LA - consider buying an old clunker if you want to go somewhere. If you're in SD - just enjoy the weather, you won't get it in Canada. You'll probably want a ""pay as you go"" wireless phone plan. If your Canadian phone is unlocked GSM - you can go to any AT&T or T-Mobile store and get a pre-paid SIM for free. Otherwise, get a prepaid phone at any groceries store. It will definitely be cheaper than paying roaming charges to your Canadian provider. You can look at my blog (I'm writing from California), I accumulated a bunch of saving tips there over the years I'm writing it."
You are right that every transaction involves a seller and a buyer. The difference is the level of willingness from both parties.  Overbought and oversold, as I understand them (particularly in the context of stocks), describe prolonged price increase (overbought, people are more willing to buy than sell, driving price up) and price decrease (oversold, people are more willing to sell than buy, driving price down).
No, everyone has the ability to plan their life. Everyone. I grew up piss poor and black. Living below your means doesnt mean homelessness. It means buy groceries instead of eating out, pay $500 room rent vs $1200 apt.   Sacrifice today for tomorrow
My point was not so much to advocate higher pay for these guys as to point out that some of these folks may actually have worthwhile skills, but can't find better work. I just think it's a mistake to assume they're lazy scum, that's all. At least, that's what I took away from reading snook's paragraph.
For whatever reason, Americans gave up on learning about the world or caring whatsoever about how they are governed. Most people around me have some working knowledge of current events, but aren't interested or passionate enough to do anything about. And the 2 party system perpetuates this behavior, as does the media we consume. A lot of us don't vote because we don't believe at all in the system.  As for military spending vs. social programs, well... it's hard to disagree over facts [so I'll just link to this here.](https://static.nationalpriorities.org/images/fb101/2014/presidents-proposed-total-spending.png) Military at 16% vs. social programs at 50% combined. I'll never defend how large our military is - frankly I think it's a joke at how much we spend today - but there are too many spending issues to count and the social programs are a larger part of that than anything else.  I'm no republican or democrat. Whether they believe it or not, both political party participants are for bigger government and more centralized control of the economy and our daily lives.
"The added value is web ordering (secure payments, shipping and paying fraud prevention) and handling logistics to ship to your door.  Retail adds additional middleman cost via commercial brick and mortar stores with comparable expensive rents only ""near"" the customer (not to the door) and retail workers salaries. Many products don't need to be touched and felt before buying and with great return policies this is solved via a little bit more time (return ship &amp; replacement).  The last advantage of retail over online is ""can have it in few hours at home"" versus days for online shipping. Few items justify that instant delivery premium: emergency buys (spare parts for broken down machines, printer ink/toner cartridges), fresh cooked meals for example."
I would like to add that from my own research, a pro to leasing over buying a new vehicle would be that with the lease the entire 7,500 federal incentive is applied directly to the lease, or so they say. If you buy a new car you get a 7,500 federal tax incentive also but if you dont have 7,500 bucks in taxes this wont be as much value. It doesn't sense to me to buy used since you dont get the tax incentive and also if you're in california the 2,500 rebate only applies to buying new or leasing 30 month or longer.
Its not a mystery what it does. Its clearly not good for society, especially in America. Any economist that is confused is not an economist but a leftist ideologue who knows enough economics terminology to persuade irrational people to support a doomed system of market interference and policies that aim at equality of outcome instead of the tried and true method of providing economic freedom and mutually beneficial (and consensual)  deal-making. LOL that this is in the economics sub. Just shows how far leftist ideologies have penetrated business and government. Aren't the conservatives supposed to be the experts in business?
I'm afraid your best recourse may be legal. I don't know that internet is a necessity, but the court would frown upon anyone paying $4K for rent but not being able to afford to heat the water or turn the lights on. $48K a year net should be enough for her to at least keep the kids with these things.  I don't know that you can educate her. Her issue is very deep-seated and far beyond a good financial planning type session.
Some countries in European Union are starting to implement credit history sharing, for example now history from polish bureau BIK and German Schufa are mutually available. Similar agreements are planned between polish BIK and bureaus in the Netherlands and United Kingdom.
What percent of a company are you buying when you purchase stock? The percent of a company represented by a single share can be calculated by percent = 1/number_of_shares*100% Apple comprises 5,250,000,000 shares, so one share makes up about 1.9e-8% of a company, or 0.000000019% of Apple.
"is there a legal service online where, for a modest fee, you could have someone fire off a ""fuck you, we have no intention of paying"" letter to these companies in case you're ever contacted and shaken down?  The movie industry are reducing their legal fees by hiring companies to automate the whole process and process lawsuits in bulk. Can't people targetted by these clowns have their own equivalent?  I'd consider $30-$40 as a reasonable fee to fire off a standard letter by registered mail. There's no reason it should cost as much as putting a lawyer on retainer."
It depends on what you are looking for in the investment. Sharpe is generally used when you are choosing among portfolios(mutual funds, hedge funds, ETFs, etc.) to be the optimal risky portfolio. Treynor is typically used when deciding which security will be added to your portfolio. And the information ratio (alpha/residual standard deviation) is used when deciding which one you will add to a passive portfolio. Also don't forget, when analyzing a stock you need to look at the fundamentals. I hope this helps. And correct me if I'm wrong any you more experienced guys.
Try fast, trusted, convenient, simple and secure process for title funding. Apply for online car title loans in california with True Financial. Here title Loans can be arranged with minimal fuss, low hassle and low documentation. There are number of easy ways for you to finance through us and lead the way in making fast, cost effective title loans to help you.
"Uber/Lyft claim they aren't taxi companies to get around local regulations for the taxi industry, all the while providing taxi service. If you pick someone up and take them somewhere, you're a taxi. It's really as simple as that. This whole ""donation"" non-sense is just bullshit."
Prices can go up or down for a variety of reasons. If interest rates decline typically every stock goes up, and vice versa. Ultimately, there are two main value-related factors to a price of a stock: the dividends the company may issue or the payoff in the event the company is bought by someone else. Any dividend paid will give concrete value to a stock. For example, imagine a company has shares selling at $1.00 and they announce that they will pay a dividend at the end of the year of $1.00 per share. If their claim is believable then the stock is practically FREE at $1.00 a share, so in all likelihood the stock will go up a lot, just on the basis of the dividend alone. If a company is bought by another, they need to buy at least a majority of the shares, and in some cases all the shares. Since the price the buyer will be willing to pay for the company is related to its potential future income for the buyer, the more profitable the company is, the more a buyer will be willing to pay and hence the greater the value of the stock.
Depending on your strategy, it could be though there is also something to be said for what kind of order are you placing: Market, limit or otherwise? Something else to consider is whether or not there is some major news that could cause the stock/ETF to gap at the open.  For example, if a company announces strong earnings then it is possible for the stock to open higher than it did the previous day and so a market order may not to take into account that the stock may jump a bit compared to the previous close.  Limit orders can be useful to put a cap on how much you'll pay for a stock though the key would be to factor this into your strategy of when do you buy.
"I am going to add just one more item to what are some very well thought out answers. The element of ""Cash Out"" If you are taking out 80% of the value of the home that you already own free and clear the bank considers this a ""Cash Out"" transaction - meaning you would effectively walk away from closing with a check for 80% of your home's value. So in a hypothetical situation you have a $200,000 home value - you would be handed a check for $160,000 with which you could do anything that you wanted. Granted, you are likely going to do something responsible with it and purchase another home - BUT (big BUT) the bank can't control what you do with it and that is the part they don't like - and therefore they treat these types of transactions with a higher degree of scrutiny. It is all about control - if the property you are downsizing to fits their rules for lending they may actually loan you a higher loan to value on that purchase than they would on your ""cash out"" refinance transaction on your current home.  With the purchase loan the money you get goes immediately to the purchase of a new home.  In the ""cash out"" transaction it goes to a check with which you could do anything you want . . .  and then not pay the loan back . . .  I know no one here would do that - but there are some folks that would . . . and this is one of the reasons ""Cash Out"" loans are not nearly as easy as they once were to get. http://www.justice.gov/usao/az/mortgagefraud.html"
In addition to the adjustment type in NL7's answer, there are a host of others.  If there are any adjustments, form 8949 is required, if not, the gains can be separated into short and long-term and added together to be entered on Schedule D.  Anything requiring an adjustment code in column F of the 8949 requires an entry in column G.   Some other example entries for column F include: (see the 8949 instructions for a complete list) **A wash sale occurs when you sell or trade stock or securities at a loss and within 30 days before or after the sale you: Buy substantially identical stock or securities, Acquire substantially identical stock or securities in a fully taxable trade, Acquire a contract or option to buy substantially identical stock or securities, or Acquire substantially identical stock for your individual retirement account (IRA) or Roth IRA. (from Pub17)
There have been many interesting and correct answers but to give a direct answer to your first question, dividend yield is simply dividend over current share price. So, if the share price drops, your dividend yield increases proportionately. Dividend yield is not something one should use as the only source of information of whether a stock is a good/bad buy. It does not show many important factors: the riskiness of the company business, its financial position, profitability, ability to generate cash. Furthermore, dividend yield is just a snapshot of an income gain at a given point in time. It does not mean that this very dividend policy is going to continue in the future (especially not so if the company finances this dividend payments using not its own cash reserves but outside capital by issuing debt securities, which is unsustainable).
The majority of the employers hold the misconception that employee training programs are costly and an unwanted expense. But the fact is that a company can reap plenty of benefits by providing personnel training to their employees. Here below we can find some of the top benefits one could enjoy from an employee training program.
"Statistics is a sub-field of mathematics. Don't say you like or dislike ""math"" as a whole.  You've probably only been exposed to arithmetic, basic trig, Euclidean geometry, statistics, and calculus.   Struggling to understand something doesn't make it impossible or mean it will be a setback. Plenty of people have taken academic weaknesses and turned them into strengths by diving deep until you have a real understanding of the material instead of just memorizing operations (such as the ""power rule"" in calculus or some dumb iterative shit like that).  Up to you what you make of it. The elementary level of statistics is pretty significant part of nearly finance (along with a multitude of other professions and daily life) so know that and choose according to what you want."
The word ‘’Boost’’ has different meanings like help up or in Scottish dialect it conveys the idea of a push. MMR Boosting also called as ELO boosting is an act where one player called ‘The Booster’ login into another player’s account called ‘The Boostee’.
"Let me start by hedging a little bit: our industry (finance, I mean) is cyclical, and disciplines tend to surge, to fall, then to rise reborn from the ashes. Fixed income was dead, then fixed income was the place to be, then everyone got laid off, then there was a huge rally, etc. etc.  BUT... if you get into the wrong area at the wrong time, well it doesn't really matter if it recovers in 20 years, does it? As the great man wrote: **""in the long run, we're all dead.""**  Regarding equity research (and here I especially mean **sell side** equity research), the super-volatile markets have made it harder for traditional equity funds to eke out a living, much less to meet investor expectations, so margins have gotten thinner. The increased correlations and increased volatility has just made stock picking less productive as a strategy.  As a result, traditional equity funds have cut back on their trading activity, have consolidated their business to one or two brokers, and have stopped explicitly paying for research. This means fewer soft and hard dollars flowing to less research. Furthermore, sell side research is less productive these days, it was just easier in the ""old"" bull market, there was more room to find value and pick stocks.   All of these factors are contributing to a decline in the research business, as evidenced by the layoffs we can all find by searching google news.  All that having been said, buy side research is a different story, but the strategies are more complex and you really have to deliver value to your PM in a timely manner."
"Quick Lowes story....  I just shopped at Lowes for the first time a few days ago. Found the BBQ I wanted (Broil King Baron 440) available there. It was cheaper at Sears but since they are another dying large box retailer and don't answer their phone, I decided to go to Lowes when their Customer Support team said they would price match.  When I got to the till with my ~$900 purchase and showed them the website for the price match, they said they weren't sure if they could do it because it said Out of Stock Online.  15 minutes later and a call to the boss and they said ""Sorry we cannot match the $584 sale price at Sears, but we can offer you 10% off Sears' original price of $649.""  Quick math shows that 10% off $649 is in fact $584.   So you have to go out of your way to say you cannot do the price match but actually you are doing the price match. Accidental customer service.  All of these stores that do business this way are slowly dying. The only reason I'm there is for customer service. I can usually order online and it will be easier and most likely cheaper.   An immediate price match would be a great customer experience and would likely lead me to venture back to Lowes in the future. Instead I left feeling like they didn't really want to help me out but accidentally did."
"When I need to come up with a name I would load up thesaurus.com and namecheap.com and start mashing up words and seeing what is available.   EG. Since it's something to do with drones then I'd look into synonyms for drones or birds and mash it up with other words like robotics and come up with something like ""electroWing"" and if namecheap.com tells me there's availability then I know I'm on the right path."
Source Sole trader   If you start working for yourself, you’re classed as a self-employed sole trader - even if you’ve not yet told HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). As a sole trader, you run your own business as an individual. You can keep all your business’s profits after you’ve paid tax on them. You can employ staff. ‘Sole trader’ means you’re responsible for the business, not that you have to work alone.You’re personally responsible for any losses your business makes. Tax responsibilities   You must: You’re personally responsible for any losses your business makes. This is one condition which you would need to have a look. If you do some shoddy work and your client wants to recover the losses they can come after your personal money or property. LLPs have the same probelm too. And you pay NI and income tax on all of your profits.  If you have a partner then both can take out the profits of a limited company, if both are directors. The tax hit will be less as compared to a single person.
Answering the first part, it is basically a home equity loan.  You are taking a loan out against available equity in your house.  It generally is at a higher interest rate than what you would get on your first mortgage.
Regulation is needed to guarantee a free market, because the natural desire of any business is to manipulate the market to its benefit, which generally means a monopoly.  In the case of non-compete agreements, a law (regulation) is required to force companies not to require non-compete agreements.
Dom &amp; Vinnie Briarcliff Yonkers- Best Italian Restaurant Westchester Country, NY Yonkers Avenue, Yonkers offers Pizza, Pasta, Salad, Specialty Sandwiches nr Nepperhan Ave, Best Pizzeria Feeding Westchesterites, Desserts, Appetizer, Soup, Sides, Burger, lunch and dinner with easy online ordering and Fast Delivery
"Yes, there is a slight reason to worry as the debit card contains  1) Account Number 2) of course a the Debit Card number  3) CSV code at the back of every debit card and  mostly these three parameters are being followed to verify the authenticity of the cardholder, but there are some other parameters like ""password of your debit card"" and even address in some cases. So stay chill the manager will not be able to make any online payment using the credential of your debit card without password and other details..."
I remember a blogger doing a survey of favorite chain burgers and we thought McDonald's and bk would be right at the top, but it was Wendy's as the overwhelming winner by far. I'd say the freshness and quality did it for them
I really think /r/personalfinance would be a better platform for this, there's people there who deal with this all the time. I would repost this question there with the additional information;   1. Your age 2. Your savings, including IRAs/401ks 3. Total amount of all debt, including credit card and student loans 4. Your income 5. Your future plans (plans to retire? to which country? back to school?) 6. Your family situation (married / unmarried, kids / no kids)  All of these things impact any financial decisions you might have, that's why personal financial advisors exist.
&gt;“If you were to disallow deductions for settlements, then that would create an incentive for companies to litigate the case all the way to a trial verdict,” Victor Fleischer, a tax law professor at the University of Colorado, said. “If the company had to pay a claim in that instance, it would be deductible. That’s not wise public policy either.”  Huh?  First of all, if the deduction were disallowed why would the payment of a claim at the end of a trial be deductible?  Second, part of the problem, which is unaddressed in the article, is that the companies paying these fines typically sign agreements that admit liability for the fine but deny all aspects of wrongdoing.  Thus, there is no precedent set and there are no guidelines to follow in the future.  As such, the result of a trial would actually be instructional to future participants in these markets.  Similarly, it might actually result in personal liability for the worst offenders in the organizations.
This sounds like a scam.   C.f. Craigslist for normal warning signs of an on-line scam
Anyone want a 6 digit ice number? I've had it since way back  the dial-up days when I was sysadmin for a bbs.   Just typing that makes me feel old.   But we were huge for our area,  2 T1's and a 56k Internet connection.
The answers provided already pretty much answer the differences and trade-offs, and I'd agree with recommending an online savings account like ING because the rate is just about the same as most CDs you'll find right now.  It's really a matter of when the CD rate is higher, and you can accept not accessing the money, then the CD is a better value, otherwise go with the savings account. However, here is an interesting option with CDs that helps with not being able to access the money: a CD ladder.  Basically, you get a CD every 3 months (or some other acceptable time frame), starting with 3, 6, 9, and 12-month CDs.  When the time is up for each of them, take that money and put it back into a new yearly CD.  Eventually you will get to the point when you have all of the CDs long-term, but you'll get some of the money every 3 months.  If you need the money, you'll have the option to use it, but you can always just keep it going, too.  The exact timing you use depends on your situation, but it's a great way to help get around not being able to access the money for a year or more.
Never speak to a debt collector. Ask them to stop calling you and STOP talking to them. Communicate only via postal mail. Do not react in an emotional way, do not use foul language, etc. If they call you and attempt to harass or intimidate you, note the date/time, name of the caller and nature of the call. Ask them to cease communications via phone and hang up. You're missing alot of detail here. You need to understand: The key to these things is to fully understand the situation you are in and find out what your legal obligations are.
Their reputation is still stellar, just because people we're dumb enough to buy in at 38$ doesn't reflect on facebook, it reflects on the underwriters.  You think FB would have said no with the IPO price had been 100$?
Even though the person you're responding to actually said paternity leave, I'll respond to the benefit that maternity leave provides to employers:  Businesses with a paid maternity leave policy benefit in 2 ways. 1) Companies that pay for a maternity leave period (as opposed to allowing the time off but requiring it be unpaid) have hire retention - which means that the woman is more likely to come back than become a stay at home mom. 2) Companies with good maternity leave policies get the pick of the litter in hiring women. So while they're perhaps having to hire men they feel are in the top 20th percentile, with women, they're able to hire top ten percentile.
"Not exactly. You still have to say to yourself ""I'm out of toiler paper, let me go hit that button."" The end goal is not even having to realize you need TP and having it show up at your door in an hour."
"Author says that only hiring from the top school is elitist and discriminates against people coming from lower ranked schools. Then the author suggests discriminating against people from elite schools and never hiring them.  Then he starts going through some odd statistics about STEM majors to try to ""prove"" that Harvard kids are dumb. More than half of them go to business/finance. They want to make their millions on Wall Street."
All request and new cases are productively evaluated and screened online at Contact Us. Introductory consultations, LLC formations, and records for routine land and business exchanges are taken care of only online at prudent level expenses. A scope of Delaware llc in-office benefits after the underlying conference is offered yet at expenses higher than those cited for online things. We will keep you refreshed all through the procedure. We give steady correspondence and continuous notices as we process your incorporation.
It's perfectly legal for your brother to make a loan to you.  However those two transactions are separate.  If he defaults on the LC loan because you didn't pay him, it's his responsibility.  If you default on your loan with him, you've got big problems.  Money + family/friends = scary.
The Model 3 will probably be a great car but there are other options. I think most people are buying this for the name since we really don't even know how good it's going to be. I mean, they are making a really cheap Tesla S, where are they cutting costs?  The Chevy Bolt has a ~~50%~~ 38km larger battery for practically the same price.
"Well what you said about money is the reason people say ""things are only worth, what people are willing to pay for them"". There is plenty of economic reasons to for instance conserve coastlines and the environment because deforestation, and coral destruction have negative externalities associated with that have to paid out in the future by who ever suffers from those externalities. However there isn't a market for eco-bonds or a way to value that landmass effectively which is a real issue for ecological conservation.  There are people trying to do what and there is an interesting article this week in The New Scientist about such nexus between ecology and economics but while there is clear value somewhere assigning it a price only works if people are willing to buy or invest in it.   Its quite sad how many of the critics of modern banking don't really appreciate what they do and what finance does (or more commonly confusion arises about what finance even is, let alone what it does)."
In trade shows, only being there and not putting effort put your company in a bad expense. Your key strategies in your trade show marketing plan will make you able to compete with the rest of the exhibitors, specially those in line of your industry. Here's a good trade show tip to guide your way in a more productive trade show marketing and successful exhibiting. Blog resource is provided by Xtreme Exhibits, a St. Louis trade show displays and exhibit solutions provider.
The iron-clad rule of investing is that risk and return are directly related. It is impossible to get a higher return than you are getting without putting principal at risk. Your emergency fund should be in cash, preferably in government insured cash (like a savings account). The best you could probably do is laddered 3-month CDs. That way, you could cash them out, one per month, as they mature.
&gt; There are some products that people would notice a 1% difference from competitors.  Really? I'd think most people are pretty loyal to amazon. They already have their credit card into and account all set up. A 1% price increase doesn't sound like that much at all. Why would I go to all that trouble to save &lt; 5%?
What kind of crack are you smoking to think Warren Buffet didn't get to his position by merit... The guy basically invented modern value investing. Sure he's almost senile now but he was a legend back in the day.
Our banking system is pretty archaic compared to Europe's.  I never realized it until I started managing bank accounts overseas for work.  I manage many in the U.K., with their banking system you can send money to any person or company using a sort code &amp; account (similar to our routing # and account) - and it's free, simple, and reaches the other account within 2 hours.   You can include invoice #s, etc.   It's the same banks that we have over here (HSBC, Citi, etc), I imagine the only reason why they haven't rolled it out over here is because they make a lot of $$$ off of wires in the US (similar concept but we pay $30-60 per each domestic transfer and it can take days).  When my boss moved over here from UK and opened a personal bank account he was horrified to find out that the bill pay function in online banking sent paper checks and that you couldn't just send money to people/companies easily and immediately.  The infrastructure and technology is already in place at the big banks, but the banks make big fees off offering us archaic features and too few Americans realize it can be so much easier; until we legislate that banks offer us the better services that already exist elsewhere I doubt we'll get them.
Yes and no. It doesn't matter what you think, it often matters what you think other people think about Equifax. Or what you think a bank believes about Equifax. Given that their opinions are usually taken into account along with other bureaus, AND that their system was error prone already, I just don't see this Impacting them in any meaningful way beyond a big ugly lawsuit.   We really need a legal and regulatory mechanism capable of ending companies over this kind of crime against consumers. It's clear to me that without that, all we have is outrage. And outrage is meaningless.
Lowering spacer enables the car owner to adjust the front end of the car. The cars manufactured in the USA have much higher ride weight than European cars adhering to certain standards. Porsche car has a pair of torsion bar in the manner which cars can coil springs to support the front suspension.
That's the trick: it seems like they couldn't. Their rides are still heavily subsidized.   I don't think people will pay for Uber if it has a 2-3x price hike, and that's necessary just for them to break even.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.paulcraigroberts.org/2017/06/09/without-glass-steagall-america-will-fail/) reduced by 93%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The taxpayer insured deposits of commercial banking should not serve as backing for investment banking&amp;#039;s creation of risky financial instruments, such as subprime and other derivatives.  &gt; By merging commercial banking with investment banking, the repeal of Glass-Steagall greatly increased the capability of the banking system to create risky financial instruments for which taxpayer backing was available.  &gt; Let your representative know that you do not want the financial responsibility for the reckless financial practices of the big banks.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ge9tu/america_needs_glasssteagall/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~140810 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Bank**^#1 **financial**^#2 **Glass-Steagall**^#3 **out**^#4 **repeal**^#5"
Most of the people I know who started doing that shit did it because they knew they were just cheap labor and didn't need their wits about them. It comes from a lack of respect of the job and the fact that they don't want to be there. Habits like that happen because they get started and change jobs and keep bad habits, which means that on some level you can assume someone coming from a long time of blue collar work may have habits that affect their productivity in a white collar job, which is opposite from the point you're trying to make.
Just look at equity purchases and follow the corporate bond money trail.  80% of all stock purchases were made by the same companies that issued the stock and they used bond money to do so.  Everything is running off of near zero interest bond money.  Everything.  Notice how careful they are to use words like revenue instead of profit.  We never ever hear about P/E ratios now.  Meanwhile the financial news sites make up the craziest headlines to explain the constant upward momentum (Dow soars as Trump wipes properly for the first time this week).  The scope of manipulation is beyond anything we can comprehend.  Tech is one of the worst offenders.  We have bubbles everywhere now and plenty of fake ZIRP dependent jobs to go with them.
As someone fairly new to finance and investing in their 30s, the market is doing too well right now for me to use someone else to tell me how to invest the Sp500 alone is doing so well it is almost a can't miss. I am smart enough to know right now that it is easy and the real value if a financial planner comes when the market is going down. Which is impossible to predict.
"You should read up on FTAs. But be aware that they now I think kept secret.. previously, they were intentionally made to be ***so complicated and contradictory*** as to be almost incomprehensible.  for example, look at the difficulty in figuring out [what public services are exempted](http://www.iatp.org/files/GATS_and_Public_Service_Systems.htm) from GATS mandate to privatize- and what isn't.   But, basically, ""everything that you cant drop on your foot"" is a service. To understand TiSA, you first need to understand GATS, its predecessor.  Here are two short videos- probably clearer than most.  GATS: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oR5ecPE0dE  (GATS is also arguably the real reason US healthcare is so terrible now. Because they want to get top dollar for drugs and insurance services, we literally have to get the worst deal of all.)  TiSA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_pPqnbXpA4"
I'm assuming that you don't have any technical background to assess the validity of the story.  I can tell you that the wells that are in question are an entirely different animal than deep gas bearing shales.  Those wells were less than 3,000' deep and wells are no longer fracced using the chemicals found.
Not the original commenter, but I'm not quite sure how I-baLL's investment in Apple is immature, nor how it affects you. Grow up? For all you know he has a heavy investment in Apple stock and it is important for him to be aware of internal goings-on.   Fanboy bashers are just as bad as the fanboys. Let people enjoy what they want to enjoy, especially when it has zero impact on your life.
It certainly creates an opportunity for the re-distribution of wealth.  Money will be transferred from insurance companies to construction companies.  Businesses that go under will be replaced by ones that survived. Some companies will make a profit out of this, but as you have already figured out, no new wealth is created by the disaster.  (Although lots has been destroyed, so we are looking at a net loss.)
"What's just crazy is when apps like Taco Bell and Marcus Theaters only gave the ""Always"" and ""Never"" option. Instant delete.  Unfortunately I am sure it's working for them and they have 600,000 clueless users feeding their metadata horde."
"&gt; That is a matter of opinion. Obviously, I disagree with that sentiment. Do you have a reason behind it?  No. False. ""Taxation is theft"" is an empirically true statement. It is not an opinion. It is a fact.  Theft is taking of another person's property (in this case income) without that person's permission or consent, usually by coercion. Coercion is using force or threats of violence to persuade someone to do something. So a tax is coerced contribution to state and/or federal revenues. Therefore taxation is theft."
"people are willing to pay higher premiums for options when stocks go down. Obviously the time value and intrinsic value and interests rates of the option doesn't change because of this so the miscalculation remainder is priced into the implied volatility part of the formula.  Basically, anything that suggests the stock price will get volatile (sharp moves in either direction) will increase the implied volatility of the option. For instance, around earnings reports, the IV in both calls and puts in the nearest expiration dates are very high. When stocks go down sharply, the volatility is high because some people are buying puts for protection and others are buying calls because they think there will be a rebound move in the other direction. People (the ""sleep-at-night"" investors, not the derivatives traders ;) )  tend to be calm when stocks are going up, and fearful when they are going down. The psychology is important to understand and observe and profit from, not to quantitatively prove. The first paragraph should be your qualitative answer"
You could also look at your growth in online subscribers as a metric for valuing your company. A progressive increase in subscribers is one of the signs of a healthy online business, and vice versa. Your subscriber growth, site visitations, returning customer percentages and other subscriber based metrics should not be ignored when valuing your company.
"One other aspect of this is that the bank will plan to eventually approach the merchant that they are sending paper checks to and say ""why don't you sign up with us and give us your ACH info, and we won't send you checks?""  And a lot of merchants will say ""sure"", because someone has to open those checks and take them down to the bank, and that isn't free.  And that time while the money is in the mail, or sitting on someone's desk to be deposited, that is money that isn't working for you.  So everyone wins."
There are several paths of study you could undertake. If you want to learn the fundamentals of the stock market and become a financial analyst, then finance, economics, and accounting (yes, accounting) are all good to study either on your own or in an institution. Furthermore, if you want to study a specific industry, it can't hurt to know a fair amount of the science behind that particular industry. For example, if you want to understand the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries, knowledge of clinical trials, the FDA's approval process (in the US, at least), off-label uses for drugs, genetic engineering, etc. are all good to know. You don't have to become an expert, but having a firm grasp on the science is extremely useful when evaluating a company's prospects. If you're interested in becoming an algorithmic trader or a quant, then physics, certain fields of engineering, signals processing, applied math, computer science, or econometrics will get you much farther than a standard finance or accounting degree. Most people can learn the basics of finance; not everyone can learn advanced mathematics. A lot of the above applies to learning about the forex market as well. Economics is certainly helpful, especially central bank policy, but since the forex market is so massive and liquid, many mathematical tools are necessary because algorithms play a key role as well. Per littleadv's suggestion, an MBA with a concentration in finance may be an option for someone who already has a degree. Also, an MSF (Master of Science in Finance) or a degree in financial engineering (called an MFE, or ORFE, for Operations Research and Financial Engineering) are other, potentially better options for someone pursuing a more technical career. A high-octane trading firm may not care that you've taken marketing and management classes; they want to hire someone who can understand complex algorithms and design and implement new ones quickly.  Some MSF programs are pre-experience programs, which means that in exchange for taking more time to complete, they don't expect you to have significant work experience in the financial industry. An MBA might require such experience, however.
High risk foreign debt is great until the bottom falls out of the market when the government default on debt or revalues currency. If you do this, you should be able to sustain near total losses of principal and interest.
Once the loan is taken out, Chase would turn around and sell that debt to others, getting all their money upfront and leaving both the person who took the loan out and the new creditor holding the bag.  I worked for a company that used to do this with loans for other things.  They company was Norvergence and were complete scumbags.
"1. **[National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org ""National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, 1-800-273-8255"")**      **Call toll-free in the United States: 1-800-273-8255**      **Chat: [http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineChat.aspx](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineChat.aspx)**  2. ""[For long-unemployed, hiring bias rears its head](http://www.seattlepi.com/news/article/For-long-unemployed-hiring-bias-rears-its-head-3428844.php)"" by Stephen Singer, published on 23 March 2012: http://www.seattlepi.com/news/article/For-long-unemployed-hiring-bias-rears-its-head-3428844.php  3. ""[The Anxiety of Unemployment](http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/05/21/control/)"" by Dominick Brocato and DW Gibson, published on 21 May 2012: http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/05/21/control/  4. ""[Long-term unemployment crisis rolls on](http://money.cnn.com/2012/06/11/news/economy/long-term-unemployment/index.htm)"" by Charles Riley, published on 11 June 2012: http://money.cnn.com/2012/06/11/news/economy/long-term-unemployment/index.htm  5. ""[Philadelphia Woman, 73, Says Age Has Kept Her Unemployed for Two Years](http://abcnews.go.com/Business/73-year-philadelphia-woman-testifies-age-discrimination-job/story?id=16352837&amp;singlePage=true)"" by Susanna Kim, published on 16 May 2012: http://abcnews.go.com/Business/73-year-philadelphia-woman-testifies-age-discrimination-job/story?id=16352837&amp;singlePage=true"
To whom is all this debt owed? I would imagine the US gov't, meaning we're really saying that the Federal government and US taxpayer are slowly easing into the role of subsidising post-secondary education, just as state governments fund primary and secondary (though without legislative or judicial action to make the added debt support explicit).  I thought most professors were supposed to be socialist anyway...you'd think they'd take on the needier students for free.
&gt;Not even close. 1.1Trillion/year deficit is NOT related to taxes, it's related to increased spending  Really?  I kinda thought it had something to do with [losing 2.6 million jobs in 2008](http://money.cnn.com/2009/01/09/news/economy/jobs_december/).  Now that's a lot of revenue gone!  Oh also the bush tax cuts  &gt;How much in additional taxes could we take in? 100 billion conservatively?  So almost 10% of our deficit?  I'd say that's a good start.  I do agree we spend way too much on the pentagon, but pretty sure that went up a lot without our two unfunded republican wars.  There's also the unfunded Bush Medicare prescription drug plan.  You can't seriously think putting those people back in charge will lead to good things.
/u/NotMyRealFaceBook  As a sniff test, I threw the following assumptions into a Black-Scholes options pricing calculator:  * Stock Price and Strike Price = $200  * Valuation date = 10/31/2017  * Expiration date = 10/29/2027 (European style - no early exercise)  * Volatility = 20% (on the low end for a tech. company - but again see the non-log-normal assumption point above)  * Interest rate = 4% (on the high end - which means the option seller is over-charging you)  * Dividend yield = 0%  The calculator's theoretical call option price results in $82.  Unless the company in question has a materially skewed upside given today's starting valuation, my opinion is the options you are offered are being priced via a Black-Scholes model and are over-priced.
"Not that I'm defending the longstanding tradition, but at least there's a strong correlation between wealth and education. They'd obviously be biased and I in no way actually support it but there's *some* kind of rational defense of that practice. /u/ballzwette basically just said ""He's rich fuck this guy,"" and that's it."
(At least in the UK) a company named Card Factory has been very successful in undercutting the competition using the classic pile 'em high and sell 'em cheap strategy with less glamorous high-street locations than 'traditional' stores. Interestingly it doesn't seem to have spawned either competition at their price point or lowered the general prices for greetings cards even in low-margin businesses like supermarkets. A quick glance at their annual report suggests they're doing reasonably well with this approach.
"A currency devaluation isn't a hard default, please don't confuse the two. Although most times a sizable devaluation does lead to default and usually most successful defaults are accompanied by a devaluation.   Here is an [article](http://www.mindfulmoney.co.uk/wp/shaun-richards/how-the-necessary-greek-devaluation-and-default-should-and-hopefully-would-happen/).   &gt;There's nothing positive coming from breaking up with the world's monetary system, any positive results that you get could be obtained with much less suffering by doing whatever austerity measures you need in order to honor your debts.  I'm sure Greece would love to do that if they could. You really think Greece with a GDP to Debt ratio of 164% (as of 2011) is going to be able to pay back it's debts in a orderly fashion? Come on. Austerity is only going to result in recession/stagnation and at best slower growth and since they are getting loans from the IMF/EU - they are taking on even more debt! So they are being put into a position of no economic growth while expanding their debt burden - yeah that's really sustainable! ;).   &gt;AFTER the ""evil capitalists"" took power and privatized the state corporations the situation started to improve  Just because I think the most viable option for Greece is a currency devaluation does not make me a ""evil capitalist""."
Saddlesinc manufactures Awning for affordable home accessories that enhance a beautiful home that help to reduce energy cost, redirect rain and protect your home from suns damaging UV rays. These are currently a large of Awning Manufactures in Bangalore. That is why for each kind of ornamental and protecting want for the properties outside elbow room, retractile and motorized sunshade to fit your specific desires.
They are contractually agreeing to terms that govern how penalties apply to a deposit that involves how wedding party guests review the hotel on Yelp.  Its certainly possible to challenge this in court, but it isn't a first amendment challenge.  Maybe something more like just disputing the charges and asking the hotel to prove the review was left by a particular wedding party member.
Yes it's a very specialized profession. Like extremely specialized. I've read in the WSJ a number of times that finance is unsurprisingly moving in a more intellectual direction, so i feel having this license in the long run may really pay off.  Thank you for your two cents. I especially like the Board of Directors bit. I really don't know if that is a good reason to dedicate my life to becoming an actuary.
This is more a question for /r/personalfinance, but I'll answer it anyways. Just use the RATE formula in excel.   =RATE(numperiods,monthly payment,amount financed)*12  Just make sure the number of periods is in months, the payment is negative, and to multiply the whole thing by 12 to get the annual interest rate.
He's trying to create a compensation system that is as fair as possible.  &gt;I can see certain benefits too, but look - as an employee, I want to work in an environment where I can advocate for myself and, occasionally, negotiate for better compensation. **Some people aren't good at these things, and frankly, that sucks for them. I'll eat their lunch if they let me.**  What you're saying is you want to work at a place that rewards the skills **you** have.  This is a very selfish perspective, but at least you're honest about it.  Of course you want to work somewhere that pays you more than other people.  However I don't see how it benefits the company to reward employees that are good at negotiating salary.  I'd rather have employees that are good at making product.
This has been happening for a long time.  I know a lot of people are happy that they have a job where they only work 9-6.  Many white collar jobs have turned 9-5 into 9-6 and with no unions and high unemployment everyone just deals with it.
&gt; So in natural cases competition would be healthiest way but i don't believe other firms can emerge in this markets  Just because you believe they can’t doesn’t mean they can’t. We have to prove doing so is infeasible.  &gt; and amazon could kill real life retailers in 10-20 years time.  That’s not very compelling. Walmart did so faster in the 90s. Customers eventually started drifting to alternative merchants. In the case of Amazon retail sales, one competitors is AliExpress. Google is an advertising company and there are plenty of those around. Facebook is a social media platform and several competitors exist in that arena.
Put yourself in this position - if you had no debts and no investments, would you borrow money at those rates to invest in the stock market?  If no, then pay off the debts.  If yes, then keep them.
&gt; Most all chemicals are found in nature.  I prefer no ammonia in my meat. And I prefer my apples and bananas to have the fewest pesticides and herbicides as possible as well.  You are free to eat as many chemicals as you want and I am free to eat food without as many as I want.   You ALWAYS challenge people, but do you really have any proof that ammonia washed meat is better for people?  Do you have any proof that organic fruits are worse for people?
Any person at any time may produce their own currency, one can even do so on the back of a paper napkin, ripped beer coaster or whatever.  This is NOT a banking privilege, it is within the lawful ability of anyone capable of engaging in commerce. It is called a 'negotiable instrument' ... it gives the holder rights to a sum of money.  Notice that I say 'holder' ... this is what distinguishes it from a non-negotiable instrument, the fact that you don't need to redeem it from source, you can pass it to another who then becomes the 'holder in due course' and thus obtains the rights conferred. The conferable rights over a sum of money (or, indeed, other asset) are themselves 'value' Do banks do this ?  Yes, all the time! ... one of the simplest examples are cheques drawn against the bank, which are considered 'as good as cash'.  Usually they will be drawn out to the order of the person you wish to pay ... but can equally be drawn out to bearer.  The only reasons they resist making out to bearer is : But you can write your own at 'any time' on 'any thing' ... See the apocryphal, yet deliciously entertaining, tale of the 'negotiable cow'
"You said all terrorists are Muslims, which is not true at all because most acts of terror comes from right winged population (most common are the burning down a refugee house and personal attacks on diffrent looking guys) At least in Germany, dont know about other countries but i can not imagine it much different.  Cause and effect and quantity? is a terror attack more harmful if more people heard of it ? Effect on who ? I can imagine you talking in public is pretty scary for foreigners. (which is the point of the hate speech topic). Lets not drag the refugee topic in here too because its very complicated. Just for your information im very much in favour of fighting the cause of immigration and helping where it is needed and not letting millions walk thousands of miles to get to safety of to make a living. Funny how your mind works. Criminal immigrants are not accepted in Germany by the way and if they get criminal here they get deported. The crime rate of the refugees is actually a bit lower then the rate of the rest of the population, so not big a problem. (which makes sense if you think about it. It was hard to get here and they dont want to go back).   ""Do you think a rightwing would attack Muslims if they did not attack westerners? Do you think rightwing attacks are more than Muslim attacks? Are they even 1% of all attacks and harm?"".     THIS IS THE CORE PROBLEM I AM TALKING ABOUT. THIS IS WHY MILLIONS OF GERMANS SLAUGHTERED THE JEWISH POPULATION. THIS IS THE RESULT OF HATE SPEECH AND HARD RIGHT PROPAGANDA. The difference between now and then? Swap jew with muslim!!! "" the muslims are to blame for the crime rate/ attacking our women / the bad economy. It is exactly the same mindset. People then were no different then people now. They did think they help germany by getting rid of those ""pests"". Most of them did nothing at all and after the war they said they didn't know about any attacks or killings of jews. Needles to say that the actual crime rate if jews in Germany was no different then the non jew crime rate just as it is now with muslims. The overall crime rate rise significantly though since the start of the refugees crisis as a result of massive right wing activity. You said you hate nazis a while back. I don't think you know what a nazi is and sure enough i called you one and you did not deny. My friend i was wrong about you. You are a helpless cause with terrible arguments based on prejudice and hate. I still did enjoy this conversation because it was a) mostly civil and b) gave me a very good look into the mindset of a nazi. You may be happy to here that i realized while researching the topic that the problem of nazis is much bigger then i have thought and i can not ignore it anymore and have to join the fight. Good day to you and may reason catch up to you in your future life."
You make a great point. For a large part of America, their support for Trump was reactionary, not based on his qualifications.   For better or for worse, is a bad electoral strategy it alienate voters with valid criticisms of a celebrity they like. Like you say, they will just stop listening. Instead they will react with an intense desire to stick it to those dirty liberals for being mean, and elevate that priority above the well-being of the republic.
"This is a clever add for Sourcify, but I like the thinking behind it.   While it may not ever lead to a solid business, I find meme chasing to be fun and would consider it to be more of a hobby than a career.   Like when everyone was making ""left shark"" costumes after Katy Perry's superbowl performance.  Just like with this, you make a few bucks, then you get a legal threat.   Is there a community of merchandise meme chasers?  If so, I would like to join."
This kid gives a good summary of the silver market as it currently stands, and why you should own the physical:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAK9ohz9h7M  But yes, you will do well to have bank accounts in China and Switzerland, diversifying into yuan and francs... and also jurisdictionally diversifying.
If you want to put in $1000 into penny stocks, I wouldn't be calling that investing but more like speculation or gambling. You might have better odds at a casino. If you don't have much money at the moment to invest properly and you are just starting out as an investor, I would spend that $1000 on educating yourself so that by the time you have more money to invest you can come up with a better investment strategy.
It's an over-the-counter stock quote system. Read all about it. Or visit it.
"A 100% stock dividend means that you get one share of the ""stock dividend"" for every share you own. For example, Google did this in 2014 when they gave all of their Class A shareholders one class C share for every Class A that they owned. If the 100% stock dividend is for the exactly the same stock, it is basically the same as a 2-for-1 stock split. If, however, the 100% stock dividend is to give you a different stock, then this is typically due to a corporate reorganization or demerger/spinoff event. Some countries have different tax treatments for the events - for example, with demergers in Australia, Class Rulings need to be obtained from the Australian Taxation Office to declare demergers as tax free.  A recent demerger was in Australia as South32, demerged from BHP Billiton. References: http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/04/02/the-many-classes-of-google-stock/ http://www.bhpbilliton.com/investors/shareholderinfo/demerger-taxation-information"
"Nominal size versus actual size. Idealistic soft handed lawyers making stupid assumptions about carpentry. Next thing you know they are going to go after women's dress sizes. Or plumbing fittings.   Plumbing pipe has little to do with either inside diameter or outside diameter. Its a confusing mishmash of outside diameter in some materials like copper and inside diameters in materials like iron pipe and rigid pvc that have grown up over the years. In copper the outside diameter is about an eighth of an inch larger than the nominal size in inches. While in iron pipe sizes, the outside is an inconsistent and somewhat arbitray size about a quarter inch larger than the nominal pipe size in inches.   Before you know it they are going to complain that nails are sized according to ""pennies"", but a pound of 16 penny nails isn't being sold for 16 pennies a pound."
I'm pretty sure that even with that import tariff it's still cheaper. Also, isn't China going to try an have a more environmentally friendly future? Might mean they are preparing for the Asian market more than the western market.
Proposed solutions 1 and 3 sound like extra work. Is a dual-file system something that you and your wife will be willing to maintain? Having separate files may better reflect your financial structure, but be sure that the expense of added time and overhead is worth it to you in the long run. You could track your own accounts, your wife's accounts, and your joint accounts in the same Money file (solution 2). Getting married can be a simple matter of adding the wife's accounts and recording transfers as money flows into joint accounts. This would make transfers between accounts easy to record and would afford easy reporting of overall income and spending. To maintain a degree of continuity for your own accounts, customize some reports to exclude your wife's accounts and joint accounts. A note about Microsoft Money I think Microsoft Money is fantastic and I have no plans to stop using it despite the fact that Microsoft killed the product line. All Money users should be made aware of the free Sunset version that requires no online activation. Also check out PocketSense, a collection of free Python scripts that can download transactions from some banks directly into Money. I use and highly recommend both.
"The primary tax-sheltered investing vehicles in Canada include: The RRSP. You can contribute up to 18% of your prior year's earned income, up to a limit ($24,930 in 2015, plus past unused contribution allowance) and receive an income tax deduction for your contributions. In an RRSP, investments grow on a tax-deferred basis. No tax is due until you begin withdrawals. When you withdraw funds, the withdrawn amount will be taxed at marginal income tax rates in effect at that time. The RRSP is similar to the U.S. ""traditional"" IRA, being an individual account with pre-tax contributions, tax-deferred growth, and ordinary tax rates applied to withdrawals. Yet, RRSPs have contribution limits higher than IRAs; higher, even, than U.S. 401(k) employee contribution limits. But, the RRSP is dissimilar to the IRA and 401(k) since an individual's annual contribution allowance isn't use-it-or-lose-it—unused allowance accumulates. The TFSA. Once you turn 18, you can put in up to $5,500 each year, irrespective of earned income. Like the RRSP, contribution room accumulates. If you were 18 in 2009 (when TFSAs were introduced) you'd be able to contribute $36,500 if you'd never contributed to one before. Unlike the RRSP, contributions to a TFSA are made on an after-tax basis and you pay no tax when you withdraw money. The post-tax nature of the TFSA and completely tax-free withdrawals makes them comparable to Roth-type accounts in the U.S.; i.e. while you won't get a tax deduction for contributing, you won't pay tax on earnings when withdrawn. Yet, unlike U.S. Roth-type accounts, you are not required to use the TFSA strictly for retirement savings—there is no penalty for pre-retirement withdrawal of TFSA funds. There are also employer-sponsored defined benefit (DB) and defined contribution (DC) retirement pension plans. Generally, employees who participate in these kinds of plans have their annual RRSP contribution limits reduced. I won't comment on these kinds of plans other than to say they exist and if your employer has one, check it out—many employees lose out on free money by not participating. The under-appreciated RESP. Typically used for education savings. A lifetime $50,000 contribution limit per beneficiary, and you can put that all in at once if you're not concerned about maximizing grants (see below). No tax deduction for contributions, but investments grow on a tax-deferred basis. Original contributions can be withdrawn tax-free. Qualified educational withdrawals of earnings are taxed as regular income in the hands of the beneficiary. An RESP beneficiary is typically a child, and in a child's case the Canadian federal government provides matching grant money (called CESG) of 20% on the first $2500 contributed each year, up to age 18, to a lifetime maximum of $7200 per beneficiary. Grant money is subject to additional conditions for withdrawal. While RESPs are typically used to save for a child's future education, there's nothing stopping an adult from opening an RESP for himself. If you've never had one, you can deposit $50,000 of after-tax money to grow on a tax-deferred basis for up to 36 years ... as far as I understand. An adult RESP will not qualify for CESG. Moreover, if you use the RESP strictly as a tax shelter and don't make qualified educational withdrawals when the time comes, your original contributions still come out free of tax but you'll pay ordinary income tax plus 20% additional tax on the earnings portion. That's the ""catch""*. *However, if at that time you have accumulated sufficient RRSP contribution room, you may move up to $50,000 of your RESP earnings into your RRSP without any tax consequences (i.e. also avoiding the 20% additional tax) at time of transfer. Perhaps there's something above you haven't considered. Still, be sure to do your own due diligence and to consult a qualified, experienced, and conflict-free financial advisor for advice particular to your own situation."
People can lie, documents can be falsified, details can be omitted, etc. People will go through a lot to make $92,000.  Why doesn't she provide her brother with the necessary funds? If it's such a great investment, it will pay off right? And she's a rich celebrity too?  I know so little about your situation but the little I know doesn't add up.
This is primarily opinion based. It is like predicting what will happen in future, similar to predicting the value of stock. This is interesting topic on a coin discussion forum like WOC My question is whether moving the coins out of the Whitman folders (some of which are in serious disrepair) to the stapled pockets will adversely affect their value? Whitman folders are for basic collectors to know what to collect and easily show what is missing. These are not great way to preserve coins. Infact good quality coins should never be put into such folders. There are quite a few ways to store coins, Stapled flips ... now one also gets self adhesive flips. Coin Capsules or Archival grade envelops. It depends on the value of coin and how long you want to store these and where are the coins kept [moisture, humidity, pollutants are bad for coins]
&gt;You default on a loan, student or otherwise, by not paying.  Student Loan debt, backed by the government, means the government can garnish any wages you make, or otherwise put liens against property you own to secure the debt.  You have no say in the matter.
i think you're right regarding Amazon, but overall the grocery sector is experiencing a price battle especially with chains like Aldi and Winco expanding. Now with Amazon throwing their hat in the ring, I think their muscle and reach puts more downward pressure on prices sector wide even if this is just temporary penetration pricing. will be interesting to see how this plays out.
Fundamental rule of investing money : Now come to the point, best money investment
Yes, I agree on that and it would have been a better lead. It’s a better story saying tech companies are having a hard time hiring because of the high cost of housing than trying to hammer in the idea that the bay area is losing jobs.
AFAIK money is a fiat currency. The penny is only worth what the US government says it it worth. If I choose to have my coin material made into pennies then I face an opportunity cost because I could of used that copper elsewhere. If a penny worth of copper is worth 1.8 cents and I choose to make it into a a coin with a value of 1 cent then my opportunity cost is .8 cents.  The whole point of a fiat currency is to take the actual material value of the money out of the equation. A gold coin back before fiat currencies was worth its weight in gold. This would be like saying that you are going to nominally change the value of your gold coin into a coin worth half of its weight. Its weight(value) is equal to 1 gold coin but its spending power is equal to 1/2 a gold coin.  Do you lose value? Of course not. Do you lose spending power? YES Fiat currency is all about spending power, the value is fictional.   When I make the spending power less than the value the purpose of a fiat currency breaks down.
I'm sorry, but what evidence do you have that maps was free for Apple? They most certainly had some form of structured agreement in place, covering if nothing else development and support of the maps iOS client, but if I had to guess, a whole lot more.
"Brokers need to assess your level of competency to ensure that they don't allow you to ""bite off more than you can chew"" and find yourself in a bad situation. Some brokers ask you to rate your skills, others ask you how long you've been trading, it always varies based on broker. I use IB and they gave me a questionairre about a wide range of instruments, my skill level, time spent trading, trades per year, etc.  Many brokers will use your self-reported experience to choose what types of instruments you can trade. Some will only allow you to start with stocks and restrict access to forex, options, futures, etc. until you ask for readiness and, for some brokers, even pass a test of knowledge. Options are very commonly restricted so that you can only go long on an option when you own the underlying stock when you are a ""newbie"" and scale out from there. Many brokers adopt a four-tiered approach for options where only the most skilled traders can write naked options, as seen here. It's important to note that all of this information is self-reported and you are not legally bound to answer honestly in any way. If, for example, you are well aware of the risks of writing naked options and want to try it despite never trading one before, there is nothing stopping you from saying you've traded options for 10 years and be given the privilege by your broker. Of course, they're just looking out for your best interest, but you are by no means forced into the scheme if you do not wish to be."
Here's what Investopedia says about payouts for ex-dividend stocks: A stock trades ex-dividend on or after the ex-dividend date (ex-date). At this point, the person who owns the security on the ex-dividend date will be awarded the payment, regardless of who currently holds the stock. After the ex-date has been declared, the stock will usually drop in price by the amount of the expected dividend. Read more: Ex-Dividend Definition | Investopedia http://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/ex-dividend.asp#ixzz4Nl4J3s4k  I hope this helps. Good luck!
I am currently a college student and as a part time hobby/business I buy used cars from bank repossesions and flip them. In the past three months I have noticed brand new cars (less than 5000 miles on them) flood the local auctions.
"There is a white paper on ""The weekend effect of equity options"" it is a good paper and shows that (for the most part) option values do lose money from Friday to Monday. Which makes sense because it is getting closer to expiration. Of course this not something that can be counted on 100%.  If there is some bad news and the stock opens down on a Monday the puts would have increased and the calls decreased in value. Article Summary (from the authors): ""We find that returns on options on individual equities display markedly lower returns over weekends (Friday close to Monday close) relative to any other day of the week. These patterns are observed both in unhedged and delta-hedged positions, indicating that the effect is not the result of a weekend effect in the underlying securities. We find even stronger weekend effects in implied volatilities, but only after an adjustment to quote implied volatilities in terms of trading days rather than calendar days.""  ""Our results hold for puts and calls over a wide range of maturities and strike prices, for both equally weighted portfolios and for portfolios weighted by the market value of open interest, and also for samples that include only the most liquid options in the market. We find no evidence of a weekly seasonal in bid-ask spreads, trading volume, or open interest that could drive the effect. We also find little evidence that weekend returns are driven by higher levels of risk over the weekend.  ""The effect is particularly strong over expiration weekends, and it is also present to a lesser degree over mid-week holidays. Finally, the effect is stronger when the TED spread and market volatility are high, which we interpret as providing support for a limits to arbitrage explanation for the persistence of the effect."" - Christopher S. Jones & Joshua Shemes You can read more about this at this link for Memphis.edu"
Unlikely. They believe they are starting a business, on the path to the American dream. And they can do it from home in their spare time while the kids are asleep. That's how it's sold to them. The reason people play the lottery is for the hope that they will become instantly rich. Different.   Is success in business as delusional as winning the lottery? Maybe. Would be interesting to calculate and compare the expected value of each.
They didn't license it from themselves. They licensed it from another business entity. Cross-entity charges are common.  &gt; But as a citizen and a taxpayer, I don't want global corporates to get away with tax evasion.   Then you should be voting for Romney then, as a major part of his platform is to restructure the tax code to discourage this.
This story illustrates the dumb wrong way to acquire junk cars! Four people were arrested Friday for allegedly attempting to steal a junk car to sell for scrap, and one of the four was also charged in a previous similar case, police said.
There are many reasons, some already covered by other answers. I have a blog post on the issue here, and I'll summarize:
"What are you talking about?????  I think you got lost in the conversation.   My shit IS done.  The point that was being made is that not everyone has the freedom to quit their jobs when they would like and it can be for all kinds of reasons, many reasons.  The suggestion that one could just save up their ""nut"" and quit are the words of someone young who has never had obligations beyond themselves.  It's a naive suggestion.  I was talking about a situation I was in two years ago.  And I found another job, which had health insurance and left the crap place where I was working.  Quit barking at me, Foolio."
I believe it's just to limit the less well-off from acquiring one. If your credit history and income do not support a $15,000 credit limit, then don't even think about applying for an Altitude Black card. If they do, then don't bother with a student card. It's primarily about market segmentation by wealth or income.
I guess it depends on your bank. My bank (Rabobank) recently did introduce this feature. You don't get a card per category, though. Instead you set up rules to match each expenditure to one of the existing pots.
"I used the term ""bond fund"" to mean a mutual fund which invests in bonds. Vanguard has a list.  If you live in PA, OH, MA, FL, CA, NJ, or NY there are tax free funds you can invest in on that list."
At this time I would say that the electric car industry as a whole is too new to be able to invest in it as a sector.  There are only a handful of companies that focus solely on electric cars to create a moderately diverse portfolio, let alone a mutual fund.  You can invest in mutual funds that include EV stocks as part of an auto sector or clean energy play, for example, but there's just not enough for an EV-only fund at this point. At this point, perhaps the best you can do if you want an exclusively EV portfolio is add some exposure to the companies that are the biggest players in the market and review the market periodically to see if any additional investments could be made to improve your diversification.  Look at EV-only car makers, battery makers, infrastructure providers, etc. to get a decent balance of stocks. I would not put any more than 10% of your entire investment portfolio into any one stock, and not more than 20% or so in this sector.
By your logic, if a loan of £100 is new money dilutes your purchasing power, then the repayment of £110 is a reduction of the money supply that increases your purchasing power.  Indeed, ultimately the increase in purchasing power upon repayment is greater than the initial reduction, so you are 'better off' every time a loan is made and successfully repaid. The effect on you is tiny, but the collective benefit you get from all the loans being repaid with interest is more or less equivalent to the purchasing power reduction of the loans that are never repaid.  Therefore you do not lose out and are indeed compensated (in a tiny way) for the tiny risk you incurred. The bank incurs a substantial risk and is thus compensated in a substantial way.
Assuming your only income is withdrawals from the 401k, the thing that determines the tax rate on your 401k withdrawals is how much money you draw out of the 401k in a single tax year.  The money counts as income when you take it out.  If you withdraw $100,000 from the 401k in a single year, you'll be in a higher tax bracket than if you withdraw only $30,000 in that year, but your earnings in previous years are irrelevant.
Since there's no UBER or Lyft in VANCOUVER BC I tried out some taxi apps that did this, the wait times suck and the apps were clearly outsourced to the same company and essentially just recolored for the different company because it looked nearly exactly the same. When I hailed the taxi via the app the first app failed then their phone number didn't work, second app showed a taxi being a couple blocks away which mysteriously vanished as soon as I requested a taxi, showing no taxis near me. 2/10 would only do again if I had no other choice.
If you aren't ivy league you have no hope of getting on wall st in front office. You will not make it pass the first cut. If you have some contacts then perhaps. You will be able to get a job in back office fairly easily but I assume that is not the area you will want to be in.
I mean, it's hardly random. We're at the point where her father has a significant chance of not making it to the end of his first term. If it's impeachment (as opposed to say, a stroke), there's pretty good odds she's not coming out unscathed.
Using US tax code, given that your profits are less than 250K, given that you lived in that home over two years, then yes the 150K is tax free.   That is your money in the US. Note:  I won't get into all of the specifics but basically you need to live somewhere 2 years.  You get 250K per person, up to 500K.  Most enhancements count as money towards the home.  So most/all of your 12k should be discounted.  However there is a lot of fine print in this and a lot of interpretation on what is normal upkeep and what is an enhancement.
I know this isn't the topic at hand, but this kind of threat is exactly why net neutrality is so important. Imagine if the story continued thusly:  &gt; In response, Amazon has contacted all of the major American ISPs and offered to pay them several million dollars to block or significantly throttle all traffic to www.walmart.com
There's no formula for how much is the ideal amount to spend on entertainment and fun. As JoeTaxpayer says, it's all about balance. Maybe relative costs are different in France than in the US where I live, but here, housing and the things that go with it -- electricity, heat, insurance, maybe a few other miscellaneous items -- are usually a huge portion of a young person's expenses. If you don't mind living with your parents -- and they don't mind having you -- you can save a lot of money. There are lots of things you can do for fun that don't cost a lot of money. If your idea of fun is collecting fancy cars and making round-the-world trips, yes, that can get expensive fast. When I was in my 20s, my entertainment mostly consisted of going to movies, amusement parks, and occasional concerts; and playing computer games. Those aren't super expensive as long as you don't do them every day. And keeping my car running, which saved money over buying a new car. These days I'm in a situation analogous to yours: I'm getting older, and so I'm trying to build up a retirement account so I can retire comfortably. So I have to balance how much I put away for retirement with spending on fun things now. I have certain targets, and so I budget that I will put this amount away for retirement every month, and my spending money is what I have left. I think that's better than, spend whatever I want on fun, and then put what's left toward retirement. The latter plan is probably a fast route to debt.
So you gonna not do business with essentially every multinational corporation?  Bribery is necessary to get things done in many many countries across the world. Plus you are taking samsung to task for playing ball with their now disgraced president who had some mystic pulling her strings.   If they were bribing US officials, sure, but different countries play by different rules  Hell if i remember correctly the IRS allows businesses to make deductions based on foreign bribes
This article is garbage there is very little crossover from a Walmart and whole food customer base for grocery. They are already attacking Walmart with Amazon.com Target mom's would be there ideal demo to sway over to whole foods. Not to mention whole foods doesn't have enough locations to kill anyone or anything simply lowering prices won't make people drive 30 minutes away from the grocery store around the corner.
"##Trader Joe's Trader Joe's is a German privately held  chain of grocery stores based in Monrovia, California. As of May 19, 2017, Trader Joe's had 464 stores nationwide in 41 states and in Washington, D.C. By 2015, it was a competitor in ""fresh format"" grocery stores in the United States.  Trader Joe's was founded by Joseph ""Joe"" Coulombe. From 1979, it was owned by Aldi Nord's German owner Theo Albrecht until his death in 2010, when ownership passed to his heirs. Aldi Nord entirely owns and operates Trader Joe's through an Albrecht family trust.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.2"
You cannot deduct expenses directly.  However, your employer may participate in programs to allow you to make a pretax deduction capped at $255 per month to pay for certain commuting expenses.  For personal car commuters the main category is to pay for parking.   IRS guidelines Qualified Transportation Benefits This exclusion applies to the following benefits. A ride in a commuter highway vehicle between the employee's home and   work place. A transit pass. Qualified parking. Qualified bicycle commuting reimbursement. You may provide an employee with any one or more of the first three   benefits at the same time. However, the exclusion for qualified   bicycle commuting reimbursement isn't available in any month the   employee receives any of the other qualified transportation benefits.
Illinois' structural budget problems in the long term are due to Madigan and the Chicago Democrats.  Illinois' current problem is because the Governor is a wealthy cruel idiot.    Illinois is only one of 8 states with a flat income tax.  It needs a progressive income tax in line with its neighboring states.
Those choices aren't mutually exclusive.  Yes, most discussion of the mortgage interest deduction ignores the fact that for a standard itemizer, much, if not all of this deduction can be lost.  For 2011, the std deduction for a single is $5,800. It's not just mortgage interest that's deductible, state income tax, realestate tax, and charitable contributions are among the other deductions. If this house is worth $350K, the property tax is about $5K, and since it's not optional, I'd be inclined to assume that it's the deduction that offsets the std deduction. Most states have an income tax, which tops off the rest. You are welcome to toss this aside as sophistry, but I view it as these other deductions as 'lost' first.  I'm married, and our property tax is more than our standard deduction, so when doing the math, the mortgage is fully deductible, as are our contributions.  In your case, the numbers may play out differently. No state tax? Great, so it's the property tax and deductions you'd add up first and decide on the value the mortgage deduction brings.  Last, I don't have my mortgage for the deduction, I just believe that long term my other investments will exceed, after tax, the cost of that mortgage.
"Amount is so big it's pretty much incomprehensible. Does it matter who we vote for? If Dems, gvmt grows by social programs. If Repubs, gvmt grows by defense spending or ""Walls"" or whatever. Grows no matter what... and that takes more and more money that we don't have. Keeps adding zeroes to that debt, and hope that other countries we have a trade deficit with continue to trade us their goods. What could go wrong?"
There is no way the stock exchange even remotely compares to the efficiency, global reach, and transparency of a decentralized asset exchange like counter wallet.   I'm not saying that these specific implementations will become the next platforms, but they are proof of concept of what's possible and its way better than the way the current institutions handle it. Block chain technology may not carry bitcoin forward to the end game but it will certainly be used in other sectors.
They've proven their incompetence to the core of their business, and worse they continue to flail with ham fisted fixes (WordPress, failed security certificate configs, random results from the 'have I been impacted' system, failure to address the freeze PINs being timestamps after a year+ of notice, etc). I can't think of any redeeming action they could take, and as they have a pretty much guaranteed customer base, they have no incentive to correct or behave any better. While it may not be their core business, data security should have been a core competency and they don't even have a CISO with an IT education or any real measure of IT competency much less DataSec.
No, it is not a taxable event. You will not have to pay tax on the $500 in this scenario. See the IRS publication 590-A: To recharacterize a contribution, you generally must have the contribution transferred from the first IRA (the one to which it was made) to the second IRA in a trustee-to-trustee transfer. If the transfer is made by the due date (including extensions) for your tax return for the tax year during which the contribution was made, you can elect to treat the contribution as having been originally made to the second IRA instead of to the first IRA. If you recharacterize your contribution, you must do all three of the following. Include in the transfer any net income allocable to the contribution. If there was a loss, the net income you must transfer may be a negative amount. Report the recharacterization on your tax return for the year during which the contribution was made. Treat the contribution as having been made to the second IRA on the date that it was actually made to the first IRA.
Ummm I bet we didn't 'work less'. Everyday was a fight for survival.  With no way to preserve food we either had to hunt gather daily and follow the food sources.  While at the same time finding/building shelter, clothing and taking care of the family.  A successful hunt would obviously be celebrated but a failed hunt could be disastrous.
Hi, Few basic things: Identify needs and process paths e.g.,  - customer queries  - payments, returns , complains  - orders Identify and setup routes : email, phone, chat, etc. Setup escalation paths , e.g. phone triage -&gt; sales department -&gt;sales manager Set SLA(service level agreement) and other measurement KPIs, also set up roles responsible for achieving them. Train your stuff and keep them on constant learning path. Use automation software, there is a number of ready or easily configurable products available (don't want to recommend any of them publicly). You can easily integrate and set up systems like email-to-case, web-to-case, chat, etc.
&gt;According to something I read geography doesn't matter. Basically you could be the King of South Dakota with a $75k family income, that's property on a lake, a boat, horses, and all kinds of cool stuff. In a nice city $75k wouldn't get you as much stuff, but you'd have more people around you and more amenities. (Looking, but I can't find the source at the moment)  That's a preferences difference.  Some people like nature and would take South Dakota.  Some of us like cities, and would take Cambridge, MA.
Well for an actuary position 1-2 exams for an internship is fairly standard. As for CFA level 1 a bunch of people at my old firm told me that's what got them through the first door. But agreed that networking trumps all.
"Having worked in the financial industry, I can say 9:10 times a card is blocked, it is not actually the financial industry, but a credit/credit card monitoring service like ""Falcon"" for VISA. If you have not added travel notes or similar, they will decline large, our of country purchases as a way to protect you, from what is most likely fraud. Imagine if you were living in Sweden and making regular steady purchases, then all of a sudden, without warning your card was used in Spain. This would look suspicious on paper, even it was obvious to you.  This is less to do with your financial institution, and more to do with increased fraud prevention. Call your bank. They will help you."
I agree with buying gold, as this is truly the worldwide currency and will only increase in value if the Euro fails. The only issue will be if your country confiscates all citizen's gold ( it has happened many times throughout history.  As for ETFs, be careful because unless you purchase these in terms of other currencies (I am assuming you aren't), than the ETF you own is still in terms of Euros, making the whole investment worthless if you are trying to avoid Euro currency risk.
&gt;They could if they paid $35 and hour.   I bet with $15/h they'd get enough applicants since minimum wage jobs at much lower seem to be snatched up.  But the fact it's not just the money, immigrants will work longer hours, faster, and can be coerced much more easily and with less complaint.
"I agree with @Pete that you may be well-advised to pay off your loans first and go from there.  Even though you may not be ""required"" to make payments on your own loan based on your income, that debt will play a large factor in your borrowing ability until it is gone, which hinders your ability to move toward home ownership.   If you are in a fortunate enough position to totally pay off both your loan and hers from cash on hand then you should.  It would still leave you with more than $112,000 and no debt, which is a big priority and advantage for a young couple. Mind you, this doesn't keep you from starting an investment plan with some portion of the remaining funds (the advice to keep six months' income in the bank is very wise) through perhaps a mutual fund if you don't want to directly manage the investments yourself.  The advantage of mutual funds is the ability to choose the level of risk you're willing to take and let professionals manage how to achieve your goals for you.  You can always make adjustments to your funds as your circumstances change. Again, I'd emphasize ridding yourself of the student loan debt as the first move, then looking at how to invest the remainder."
"Dividends can also be automatically reinvested in your stock holding through a DRIP plan (see the wikipedia link for further details, wiki_DRIP). Rather than receiving the dividend money, you ""buy"" additional stock shares your with dividend money. The value in the DRIP strategy is twofold. 1) your number of shares increases without paying transaction fees, 2) you increase the value of your holding by increasing number of shares. In the end, the RIO can be quite substantial due to the law of compounding interest (though here in the form of dividends). Talk with your broker (brokerage service provider) to enroll your dividend receiving stocks in a DRIP."
So, what is the argument to be bullish on Roku? I absolutely love the interface, so much so that all 4 of the TVs in my house are on a Roku device - or are Roku TV's.  The simplicity and speed destroy most smart TV set-ups, especially Samsung.  I understand that they can be easily copied by the big guys with deep pockets, but is there a scenario where Roku emerges as the primary interface for streaming on TV's?
The Financial Services Compensation Scheme says: Investments   FSCS provides protection if an authorised investment firm is unable to pay claims against it. For example: for loss arising from bad investment advice, poor investment management or misrepresentation; when an authorised investment firm goes out of business and cannot return investments or money. Investments covered include: stocks and shares; unit trusts; futures and options; personal pension plans and long-term investments such as mortgage endowments. An index-tracking fund provided by an authorised investment firm would seem to qualify in the cases where: The critical points here then are: I can't find anything easily to hand about FSCS on Blackrock's website, so I would imagine that you'd need to consult the documentation on your investment product to be sure.
I know nothing about this, but found this link which suggests for H&R Block specifically: I kept searching and I found the section. It's at the end in the Credits section under 'other backup withholding'. Hopefully this helps someone else in the future.
"If this is an issue of opportunity cost then there is a benefit. Mortgage interest rates are extremely low, low enough that they can effectively be used to indirectly fund investments. If one stores equity in a house, ie ""pays it off"", then that wealth returns only the rate of growth of the house less expenditures. If one borrows against the house to fund investments, then the above stated returns which on average exceed the mortgage interest rate can be augmented by the investments, yielding a greater return. The tax benefit is more of a cherry on top. If one is using this as a justification to spend then it is frivolity."
Politicians report campaign contributions, people keep track of PACs, and the lobby groups regularly post policy recommendations on their sites.  So there are cases where that recommendation went into law.  http://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2013/11/11/243973620/when-lobbyists-literally-write-the-bill  Here are a lot of model bills from ALEC: http://www.alecexposed.org/wiki/Bills_Affecting_our_Water,_Air,_%26_Land  And I don't know if any of them made it into actual law.  But feel free to use sarcasm, that'll surely help your ignorance.
"&gt;&gt; ...but we need to start getting over number three. &gt; &gt;I strongly disagree. It shows Republicans will undermine the spirit of the system and the will of the people to serve their own ends. When a group shows they will exploit anything they can to take advantage of you, you do not work with them. &gt;  Mitch McConnell was *in the Senate* for the Bork nomination. The year before Antonio Scalia had been confirmed 98-0, as had ever been the case... from McConnell's POV, that's where the amorphous ""spirit of the system"" was broken. And low and behold, when he came to power, he didn't work with them. Your sentiment is almost literally exactly what got us in this shithole. If turnabout is fair play, this *never ends*.  &gt;&gt; Besides that, it's completely extraneous to the topic at hand... &gt; &gt;It is not.    The topic at hand is healthcare, not ""things liberals are (righteously) pissed about"".    &gt; &gt;Question for you: how many times do you think Democrats should reach across the aisle only to be either rebuffed, insulted, misrepresented in the media, or taken advantage of before you would support a hard line like mine above?   As many times as it takes to find someone on the other side to work with to actually accomplish anything. If this big repeal bill fails, that's a start. ""The republicans"" will do a lot of whining and shit throwing, but the reality is it will have happened because a handful of Republicans prioritized actually helping the people in their states over party rhetoric and desparation for a ""win"".   McConnel's ""shoring up"" talk could lead to a half-decent outcome... at the very least it'd be a change in the optics. No GOP senator who failed to Repeal is going to want to talk about health care at all come re-election time, so they have a bit of political cover to quietly give ground in terms of the structure of the shoring up.  Or maybe not. But we have to allow for the possibility. The tea party was born out of people on the right taking a Hard Line, and the actual work of government has suffered immeasurably for it. Deeper trenches just lead to a longer war."
"Theory of Levered Investing Borrowing in order to increase investment exposure is a time-honored and legitimate activity.  It's the optimal way to increase your exposure, according to finance theory (which assumes you get a good interest rate...more on this later).  In your case it may or may not be a good idea.  Based on the information in your post, I believe that in your case it is not a good idea.  Consider the following concerns. Risk In finance, reward comes with risk and in no other way.  Investing borrowed money means there is a good (not small) chance that you will lose enough money that you will need to pull significant wealth from your own savings in order to make up the difference.  If you are in a position to do this and OK with that possibility, then proceed to to the next concern.  If losing a lot of money means financial calamity for you, then this is a bad idea.  You haven't described your financial situation so I don't know in which camp you fall.  If the idea of losing, say, $100K means complete financial failure for you, then the strategy you have described simply has too much risk. Make no mistake, just because the market makes money on average does not mean it will make money, or as much money as you expect, over your horizon.  It may lose money, perhaps a lot of money. Make sure this idea is very clear in your mind before taking action. Rewards Your post implies that you think you can reliably get 10%-12% on an investment. This is not the case.  There are many years in which a reasonable portfolio makes this much or more, but on average you will earn less. No ones knows the true long-term market risk premium, but it is definitely less than 10%.  A better guess would be 6.5% plus whatever the risk-free rate is (currently about 0%).  Buying ""riskier"" investments means deviating from the optimal portfolio, meaning you took on more risk than is justified by how much extra money you expect to make.  I never encourage people to invest based on optimistic or unrealistic goals.  If anything, you should be conservative about how you expect things to go.  And remember, these are averages. Any portfolio that earns 10%-12% also has a very good chance of losing 25% or more.  People who sell or give advice on investments frequently get you charged up by pointing at times and investments that have done very well.  Unfortunately, we never know whether the investments and time period in which we are investing will be a good one, a bad one, or an unexciting one.  The reality of investing is...well, more realistic than what you have described. Costs I can't imagine how you could borrow that much money and only have an annual payment of $2000 as you imply--that must be a mistake.  No individual borrows at a rate significantly below 1%.  It sounds like it's not a collateralized loan of any kind, so unless you are some kind of prime-loan customer, your interest rate will be significant.  Subtract whatever rate you actually pay from 6.5% to get a rough idea of how much you will make if things go as well as they do on average.  You will pay the interest whether times are good or bad. If your rate is typical of noncollateralized personal loans, there's a good chance you will lose money on average using the strategy you have described.  If you are OK with taking risk with a negative expected return, consider a trip to Las Vegas.  It's more exciting. Ethics I'm not one to make people feel guilty for doing things that are legal but of questionable morality.  If that's the case and you are OK with it, more power to you. I'm not sure under what pretense you expect to obtain the money, but it sounds like you might be crossing legal lines and committing actual crimes (like fraud).  Make sure to check on whether what you intend is a white lie or something that can get you thrown in prison. For example, if you are proposing obtaining a subsidized education loan and using it for speculation, I could easily see you spending serious time in prison and permanently ruining your life, even if your plan works out.  A judge and 12 of your peers are not going to think welfare fraud is a harmless twist of the truth. Summary I've said a lot of negative things here.  This is because I have to guess about your financial situation and it sounds like you may have unrealistic expectations of the safety and generosity of investing.  Quite frankly, people for whom borrowing $250K is no big deal don't normally come and ask about it on StackExchange and they definitely don't tend to lie in order to get loans.  Also $18K a year doesn't change their quality of life. However, I don't know.  If $250K is small relative to your wealth and you need a good way to increase your exposure to the market risk premium, then borrowing and investing may well be a good idea."
I still remember during the dot-com boom when everyone was talking about how the traditional business metrics didn't work anymore. Turns out that a lot of people got severely burned finding out that they, in fact, did still work just fine.
I  found that  an application already exists which does virtually everything I want to do with a reasonable interface.  Its called My Personal Index.  It has allowed me  to look at my asset allocation all in one place. I'll have to enter: The features which solve my problems above include:  Note - This is related to an earlier post I made regarding dollar cost averaging and determining rate of returns.   (I finally got off my duff and did something about it)
Don't worry about it. One of the big banks who like to whine a lot about defaulting borrowers is sending credit cards to a former resident of my home. The guy died in the late 90s.
What do I need to know if I'm unemployed and need to take out a home loan to finance a litigious divorce?  Which companies are best to shop around at?  How do I present my self and situation?  What harms or hurts my chances of getting a home loan?  Is this the same hung as refinancing a house?  Is there a website or article you can recommend about this?
"It seems like if that were true, then if everyone were in one group, you'd get the biggest discount of all.  My preference has been for single payer, but recently I saw a guy suggesting single-group, multi-payer, or SGMP. This was just a comment from a physician in a medical journal, and I don't have the link and haven't been able to find out anything more about it, but it seems intriguing. It had something to do with insurance companies bidding to provide coverage services.  edit: [Here it is](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp1211514#t=comments):  &gt; JOEL SPALTER, MD | Physician - Infectious Diseases | Disclosure: None  &gt; FAYETTEVILLE AR  &gt; October 02, 2012  &gt; Single Group Multi-Payer  &gt; True reform resulting in universal health insurance and access to care is achieved by state mandates for insurance with replacement of individual or group underwriting with underwriting by ""Dutch auction"" for a percentage of the single group consisting of all of the residents of a State – Single Group – Multi-Payer (SGMP). Each successful insurance company would be responsible for payment of the percentage of the total costs for medical services equal to the percentage of the population insured. This preserves the integrity of the bidding process.    &gt; States are free to establish the public contribution to premiums. SGMP prevents exclusion of insurance for pre-existing conditions or due to genetic background, absent individual underwriting; guarantees maintenance of health care insurance independent of place, or even existence of employment; assures equality of access to providers due to a single established remuneration scale; and assures patients' choice of providers free from any empanelling by insurance companies. Market forces will govern providers' attempts to gain and hold market share.   &gt; A single group eases statistical comparison, with EMR, of 50, State patterns of care."
You will need a lot of cash because all the gold that you will buy will be capitalized later. You must invest but you must use your head when you do it. It is one of the most profitable businesses but when you start it you should be prepared to pay the price.
"Sadly, even if I'm a voracious reader and smarter than the smartest person ever, if I spend all my time reading and learning in the public library, the dude with ""Bachelor of Arts"" next to his name is going to get the job over me."
"This is not about better understanding risk. FICO""s clients are the credit grantors, especially banks. They want o make more loans that are not classified as subprime. The credit bureaus put together a competing credit score product. Pressure comes from the banks playing one off the other and lo and behold, what would normally get a subprime rating becomes prime. The banks win and everyone can buy a new car."
You are correct that you do not need to file under a certain circumstances primarily related to income, but other items are taken into account such as filing status, whether the amount was earned or unearned income (interest, dividends, etc.) and a few other special situations which probably don't apply to you.  If you go through table 2 on page 3 and 4 of IRS publication 501 (attached), there is a worksheet to fill out that will give you the definitive answer.   As far as the 1099 goes, that is to be filed by the person who paid you.  How you were paid (i.e., cash, check, etc., makes no difference).  You don't have a filing requirement for that form in this case. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf
My mother worked for one of the major American car rental companies. She talked about this topic with me and my answer will summarize the talk. Does the fact that they sell the car mean during this time suggest that they know the car's cost of further maintenance or other costs will be higher? Or is there another reason they sell at this time which, has a calculated advantage to them, but which is less than idea statistically for me, the purchaser? There is much more to the price equation. A premium rental car company (one that only rents fairly new, nice cars) has a certain image to maintain to protect their perceived value. A new-ist car also, besides the point of the image of the general company, commands a better rental price. Many Web sites and articles warn against buying former rental cars, because people renting these cars often mistreat them. This is a bad argument you've read. If former rental cars are in bad shape, the price will reflect that. If they are priced the same for the same miles ridden, they have equivalent wear and tear. In other words, the relative price of the car determines whether rental cars are more heavily worn not random people's opinions on the internet. People on the internet are mostly wrong. Irony intended. From the single company I have as reference, I also don't see that as relevant. There are company and governmental regulations to keep maintenance up. I clean my car once a year. Change the oil twice. Replace my wipers every eighteen months. And so forth. The maintenance cycles required for rental cars may (and this is just speculation) negate the gradual extra degradation that drivers may have on rental cars.
The UK has historically aggressive financial law, inherited from Dutch friendship, influence, and acquisitions by conquest. The law is so open that nearly anyone can invest through the UK without much difficulty, and citizens have nearly no restrictions on where to invest. A UK citizen can either open an account in the US with paperwork hassles or at home with access to all world markets and less paperwork.  Here is the UK version of my broker, Interactive Brokers.  Their costs are the lowest, but you will be charged a minimum fee if you do not trade enough, and their minimum opening balance can be prohibitively high for some. If you do buy US products, be sure to file your W-8BEN.
To be fair early in my career I did request significant raises as the job duties expanded.  I provided justification and showed that I was worth it, the company agreed.  My company is also in a growth phase so it made sense to them. So you may want to consider a jump or two to maximize your base salary.  However if you are happy somewhere, and they company is happy with you, you may want to just speak to your manager and find out what your options are.  Do some homework on the market for someone in your position and show just cause.
Up to some degree, a higher or lower interest rate means a bit less or a bit more money in your pocket. If the interest rate gets too high, you may be in trouble. So you first look at the situation and ask yourself: At what interest rate would I be in trouble?  If this is a $20,000 student loan, then even a very high rate wouldn't be trouble. It would be unfortunate and unpleasant, but not fatal. For a $800,000 mortgage, that's different. Each percent more is $8,000 a year. Going from 3% to 10% would change the interest from $24,000 to $80,000 a year, which would be fatal for many people.  In a situation where you can afford increasing variable payments without problems you can go for it. If your variable rate would vary over time between 4% and 6% you would still be even. In that situation, go for variable (taking into account where you think interest rates will go in the future). For a mortgage, the security would likely be more important. (On the other hand, if your dad is a multi-millionaire who would help you out, then that big rate increase wouldn't be fatal, and you could go for a variable rate mortgage).  In some countries, you can cancel any loan contract when the interest rate is raised. So raising a variable mortgage interest rate would allow you to look elsewhere without early repayment penalties. Check out if that is the case for you.
Pallet Motel offer a complete range of logistics and warehousing services, and can tailor a solution that is perfect for your business that is fraction of the cost of buying your own property or leasing, staff and plant and equipment.    PALLET MOTEL STORAGE AND WAREHOUSING    http://bendigopalletstoragewarehousing.com  25 Hesling Court East Bendigo VIC 3559  03 54406070
3G capital is one of the major holding companies of Heinz.  They own (co-own) many major bands, such as Burger King.  They are known for completely gutting the core values these companies were built on.  All the matters to them is cost cutting (often food/product quality, salaries, wages, benefits, company perks, company celebrations, etc).  They promote a zero based budget meaning every organizational expense is tirelessly scrutinized in the search of slimmer costs to increase profit.  They embody all the is wrong with capitalism when it comes to society-at-large.  So how does this guy play into it?  They are also known for promoting their young employees quickly.  It effectively allows them to pay young employees less for more work.  I know first hand, it creates a culture of young people working long hours for low pay with the hopes of being the next rising star.  People like this 29 year old CFO may be compensated well, but likely has most of the compensation held in bonuses for short-term results.  The result is very quick employee burnout and turnover, and zero work-life balance.  All i can say to finish this rant off is that in the short-term, the system 3G is putting into place for the companies they are absorbing is effective for trimming costs and increasing profits for shareholders.  Long-term, the low pay, long hours, and zero family values is and drain on society.  They are a cancer in the business world.  Read some articles about their takeovers of Heinz, Burger King, Tim Hortons.  Their treatment of employees is horrific, again I've seen it first hand.  Head over to /r/Canada and read how Canadians now view the products and values of their once beloved Tim Hortons.
"Before anything else, read up on the basics of economics. After that, there a few things you need to ask yourself before you even think about investing in anything: If you have an answer to those questions: Once you answered those questions I could make a simple first suggestion: Confident in handling it yourself and low maintenance with uncertain horizon: look up an online bank that offers ETFs such as IWDA (accumulation (dividend is not payed but reinvested) or income(dividend is payed out)) and maybe a few more specific ones then buy and hold for at least 5 years. Confident and high maintenance with long horizon: maybe stock picking but you'll probably never be able to beat the market unless you invest 10's of hours in research per week. However this will also cost a bit and given your initial amount not advisable to do. Be sure that you also have a VERY close look at the prospectus of an investment (especially if you go with a (retail) bank and they ""recommend"" you certain actively traded funds). They tend to charge you quite a bit (yearly management fees of 2-3% (which is A LOT if you are eying maybe 7%-8% yearly) aren't unheard of). ETF's such IWDA only have for example a yearly cost of 0.20%. Personally I have one portfolio (of many) only consisting of that ETF (so IWDA) and one global small cap. It's one of the best and most consistant ones to date. In the end, the amount you start with doesn't really matter so much as long as it's enough to buy at least a few shares of what you have in mind. If you can then increase your portfolio over time and keep the expenses in check, compounding interest should do the rest."
I used to work for Ally Auto (formerly known as GMAC) and I'd advise not to pay off the account unless you need to free up some debt in your credit report since until the account is paid off it will show that you owe your financial institution the original loan amount. The reason why I am saying not to pay-off the account is because good/bad payments are sent to the credit bureau 30 days after the due date of the payment, and if you want to increase your credit score then its best to pay it on a monthly basis, the negative side to this is you will pay more interest by doing this.  If ever you decide to leave $1.00 in loan, I am pretty much sure that the financial institution will absorb the remaining balance and consider the account paid off.  What exactly is your goal here? Do you plan to increase your credit score? Do you need to free up some debt?
Perhaps a technicality, but minors do not have the legal capacity to bind a contract. Making a purchase from a store is a contract. I'm not a lawyer and there may be case law to the contrary or that creates exceptions, but my understanding is that purchases made by a minor may be void if later challenged. JohnFx's answer is true from a practical sense. But if you get turned away at a store, understand that they're probably just being careful to avoid headaches later.
"You've been taking the RMDs. Each year the RMD is calculated by taking the prior 12/31 balance and dividing by the divisor, calculated when you inherited, and dropping by 1 each year. Some great trades and your account balance goes up. That's great, but of course it sends the next RMD higher.  I'd understand how marginal rates work and use the withdrawal to ""top off"" your current bracket. This will help slow the growth and runaway RMD increases."
Boiler Room anyone?  Cold calls all day long until you get someone (usually older people) on the phone and try to have them give you money to invest so you'll stop selling them.  Ideally it COULD make money from the commission structure but usually people burn out fast.  There are going to probably be better 'pure sales jobs' which pay more and are more legit then this.  2 cents
Apex repairing service is largest washing machine repair service center in mumbai.  Is your washing machine stuck and you don't have any clue why it is not working, you reached to the right place!  Apex repairing services have experienced washing machine repair engineers who are fully skilled on multiple brands like IFB, LG, Samsung, Whirlpool and all other brands. Our washer repairing service cost is highly competitive and our domestic repairing service is quick and professional. If you are looking for a solution to any faulty household appliance, Apex repairing service are here to help. We undertake washing machine repair for households across Mumbai and the surrounding area, and are proud to be saving the day for so many customers.
"Yes please!  Or maybe 6 months on, 6 months off.  I'd be happy doing that until age 70, whereas right now working 12 months a year with only a little vacation here and there ... I just can't wait to be able to retire, keep doing the math every week or two - ""can I live on X for Y years"".  I have tons of friends that age as well that are all really disenfranchised by work and dying to retire.  This would make life SO much more worthwhile.  Problem with retirement being 65+ is that by then you're no where near as able to enjoy the world (imho and just stating the facts, not a diss, and heck this starts happening when you hit 45...)."
"FTA: ""Verizon would give up its television and Internet landline business known as FiOS, which has been a cable alternative for 14 million U.S. homes.""  Somebody explain to me !!! WTF does it mean? Are they going to give FiOS over to Comcast?"
I found a way to do this, but it's slightly backwards. Quicken does not allow you to make a graph of just your income, probably because that would be a fairly boring graph for most people.  But it does allow you to do a graph of your expenses.  Doing so, while including income categories, will produce the graph I want, but with negative numbers (savings is negative spending). This will show a bar graph of overall spending, counting income as Negative Spending.  So, having negative bars is good in this case.
Dexmet has been providing expanded metal foils for primary and secondary battery applications for over 30 years. With advancement in the design of our expanding equipment, we offer materials down to 25 micron (.001”) in both aluminum and copper at widths up to 305mm (12”). For more information email us at sales@dexmet.com or call us at 800-714-8736/(203) 294-4440 and Fax at (203) 294-7899. Visit our website www.dexmet.com.
"I would not call this a ""good"" idea. But I wouldn't necessarily call it a bad idea either. Before you even consider it, you need to do a little bit of soul searching. If there is ANY chance that having multiple credit cards could entice you to spend more than you otherwise would, then this is definitely a bad idea. Avoiding temptation is the key to preventing regrettable actions (in all aspects of life). Psychoanalysis aside, let's take a mathematical approach to the question. I believe your conclusion is correct if you add some qualifiers to it: A few years from now, then your credit score will probably be higher than if you just had 1   credit card. Here are some other things to consider: And, saving the best for last: As for the hard inquiries, they should only have an effect on your credit score for 1 year (though they can be seen on your report for 2 years). Final thought: if you decide to do this (and I personally don't recommend it), I would keep the number of applications smaller (3-5 instead of 10-15). I also would only choose cards that have no annual fee. Try to choose 1 card that has 1-2% cash back and make that your regular card."
What You Need To Know Before Having A Dental Implant Dentis are the best and most innovative treatment dentistry has to offer. If you are missing one tooth or several teeth and want replacements that look, function and feel like natural teeth Dental Implants are your answer.
All Product Export Data helps the business to take the data from one place and not go to everywhere to collect the data. With the information being available online it has been very easy for the people to gain easy access to it and to utilize it for executing their new plan and ideas for establishing great roots in the market.
Walmart does all kinds of illegal shit.  Extortion, bribery, price fixing, wage theft, sexual discrimination, and I have heard first hand accounts of Walmart ruining farmers that get into contracts with the the company.    The sad part is.....I still shop there.
Avoiding a cost (interest) isn't quite the same as income. There is no entry, nothing for you to consider for this avoided interest.  What you do have is an expense that's no longer there, and you can decide to use that money elsewhere each month.
Tansen Sangeet Mahavidyalaya is the only institute in the country offering regular diploma programs in all vocal,dance and instrument playing streams. An aspiring performing arts student can earn a diploma/bachlelors/masters/doctoral degree at Tansen Sangeet Mahavidyalaya as the school offers basic and advanced level coures like diploma/degree programs in music and other performing arts.
See Paying for Care | Caregiver Center | Alzheimer's Association. Notable excerpts: For most individuals 65 or older, Medicare is the primary source of   health care coverage. However, private insurance, a group employee   plan or retiree health coverage also may be in effect.   [...]   In addition to Medicare, the person with dementia may qualify for a   number of public programs. These programs provide income support or   long-term care services to people who are eligible. This includes   Social Social Security Disability Income (SSDI) for workers younger   than 65, Supplemental Security Income (SSI), Medicaid, veteran benefits,   and tax deductions and credits.   [...]   Many community organizations provide low-cost or even free services,   including respite care, support groups, transportation and   home-delivered meals. You also may consider informal care arrangements   using family, friends, neighbors, faith communities and volunteer   groups.
"This may be more of a comment than an answer, but it's too long for a comment. Perhaps the Stackexchange Gods will forgive my impudence. That said: Even with the tax penalties, it can be to your advantage to put money into a ""retirement"" account and withdraw it before retirement. The trick is: Is the amount of the tax penalty more than the benefit of untaxed compound growth? For example, just to make up some numbers: Suppose you have $1000 of gross income to invest. You are considering whether to invest in an ordinary, non-tax favored account, or a classic IRA. Either way you will get 10% returns. Your tax rate, both when you put the money in and when you take it out, is 15%. There is a 10% tax penalty for early withdrawal. With an ordinary account you will pay 15% tax off the top, so you are only investing $850. Then each year 15% of your returns are paid in taxes, so your net return is 8.5%. But when you withdraw the money there are no additional taxes. With an IRA you do not pay any taxes up front, so you can invest the entire $1000. You collect 10% each year with no taxes. When you withdraw, you pay 15% plus the 10% penalty equals 25%. So after 5 years, the ordinary account would yield $850 x 1.085^5 = $1504. The IRA would yield $1000 x 1.1^5 x 0.75 = $1208. The tax penalty hurts. You are better to use the ordinary account. But if you could leave your money in for 25 years, then the ordinary account would yield $850 x 1.085^25 = $7687. The IRA would yield $1000 x 1.1^25 x 0.75 = $8126. The IRA, even with the tax penalty, is better. Of course my numbers are just made up. What your tax bracket is, what returns you get, and how long you think you might leave the money in the investment, all vary."
If you do go the online route (there's TONS of information out there on how to launch an e-store) make sure you're aware of the caveats. Amazon sellers for example can be shafted pretty hard on returns, as policy generally dictates that you eat the costs. If you don't have a lot of capital this could be back-breaking.   Don't let that discourage you, though! You could make a decent business essentially just setting up an online storefront and drop shipping items from elsewhere, which could fund the capital needed to open a brick and mortar shop.  To answer your question directly, what everyone else has said is definitely important and correct but don't ignore the smaller things like the fact that you could have a page that presents the items better and makes things look more appealing/luxurious, and the fact that not everyone punches every item they're considering buying into Google to compare. Decent marketing can go a long way (depending on what you're selling, at least)
Another benefit of holding shares longer was just pointed out in another question: donating appreciated shares to a nonprofit may avoid the capital gains tax on those shares, which is a bigger savings the more those shares have gone up since purchase.
Most of the new cell phones make use of the technology known as “Callerid”, but the question is, is it useful for the normal people? Yes, indeed it’s very much useful. With the availability of callerid site, there is no need to get nervous when someone calls you from unknown number.
"Scammers know you're not stupid enough to fall for this.  So when you balk, he'll understand and offer to send you a check.  When he sends you a check, he'll say cash it, keep $XXX for yourself, then forward him the rest for some other expense (or even possibly send it to someone else).  Know in advance that that's a scam, too.  When his fake check bounces you'll already be out the money and he'll be long gone. ""If it's too good to be true, it probably is"""
You can play with the numbers all you like (and that's good), however, here is a different way to look at it.  The debt you have is risk. It limits your choices and eats your cash flow. Without the debt, you can invest at a much greater rate. It frees up you cash flow for all the things you might want to do, or decide in the future you might want to do. Right now is the easiest time for you to focus on debt repayment. It sounds like you are not married and have no children. It is much easier now to cut back your lifestyle and concentrate on paying off this $50k of student debt. This will get harder as your responsibility increases. Build up a small amount of cash for emergencies and put the rest at the debt. You can keep contributing to your 401k to the match if you want. This will give you 2 benefits: Patience. When you actually DO start investing, you will have a new appreciation for the money you are using. If you sacrifice to pay off $50k now, you wont look at money the same for the rest of your life.  Drive. If you see the debt as a barrier to achieving your goals, you will work harder to get out of debt.  These are all things I would tell my 23 year-old self if i could go back in time.  Good luck!
Inflows to the US equity market can come from a variety of sources; for instance: You were paid a year-end bonus and decided to invest it in US equities instead of foreign equities, bonds, savings or debt reduction. You sold foreign equities, bonds, or other non-US equities and decided to invest in US equities. You decided a better use of cash in a savings account, CD or money market fund, was to invest in US equities. If for every buyer, there's a seller, doesn't that also mean that   there were $25B in outflows in the same time period? Not necessarily. Generally, the mentions we see of inflows and outflows are net; that is, the gross investment in US equities, minus gross sales of US equities equals net inflows or outflows. The mere fact that I sold my position in, say, Caterpillar, doesn't mean that I had to re-invest in US equities. I may have bought a bond or a CD or a house. Because of fluctuations in existing stocks market value, bankruptcies and new issues, US equities never are and never will be a zero-sum game.
There are two sources for shares that employees buy through ESOPs. A company can simply buy the shares on the open market. The company must pay for the stock, but the employee then pays the company for the shares. If employees get a discount on the ESOP shares, the company would pay for that percentage directly. The company can choose to issue new shares. These new shares dilute the ownership of all the other current stockholders. While #2 is common when companies issue stock options, I'd be surprised to see it with an ESOP. In most cases, employees are limited in the amount of their salary they can devote towards the ESOP. If that limit is 10% and the discount that the employees get is 10%, the cost on a per-employee basis would only be 1% of that employees salary, which is a small expense.
How's your savings and emergency fund? Everyone should have an emergency fund that will last them 6 months, and the goal should be two years' worth.  This should be in an easily accessible account, such as a savings or money market account at your bank (you could consider CDs, but unless you're laddering them there will be penalties to get at the money). Once you've got 6 months' worth saved, the next thing to focus on is a tax advantaged retirement account.  Only when you've maxed out your contributions (and the tax benefits) should you consider other investments.  After all, those tax benefits are free money from Uncle Sam :)
"Don't confuse ""caring"" with ""creating visibility."" I bother to respond not because I care what Troll A or Troll B thinks, but because I want to ensure *my* message gets in front of the silent lurkers who read the comments.  Of course, sometimes I just repeat a person's words back to them… for fun, to highlight how inane they are. Like all that ""bitter"" crap and ""where did you go to marketing school?""   Which gets me labeled a bitch. That's fine by me. Gets my stuff in front of more eyeballs, more people I can reach.   Also… this has been extremely boring to me. I haven't been on reddit in a long time, but I remember it being… wittier. I spend most of my ""internet news aggregator time"" on HN, where the level of ad hominem attack is usually much higher. I'm home sick, and bored, and glad to get another 4,000 page views -- total of now about 16,000! woot! -- but I do wish the level of discourse were higher so it would be some kind of *challenge*."
It's good to see I'm not alone in this. I'm not a lazy person, I'm willing to bust my ass to earn a living but no employer seems to want to pay a fair wage. I was working a 9-5 unloading trucks in a warehouse which was practically constant work with a 15 minute break for 8.95 an hour. Switched to a 10pm-6am job unloading for Kohls for 9.50, supervisor couldn't understand why she was losing workers so fast. Decided Id rather be broke then put my body through that and not even make rent
But if it's possible, an example of it should exist, and it doesn't.  That Roman Democracy example?  The rich got so very rich at the end of the Roman republic that they could raise their own armies, and they did.  The strongest great-nephew was left standing.  It was a problem of too-great wealth accumulation; something that's happening now, and would happen without pause in the sort of society you envision.  Strongman.   The problem of monopoly exists in your libertarian paradise as well, but the definition of the society does not allow a solution.  We have trust busters; at least we have in the past and so can envision having them in the future.  Those violent deaths in what you call anarcho-societies were a feature, not a bug.  How would your envisioned society settle differences?
The simple answer: The opening price is the price of the first trade of the day and the closing price is the price of the last trade of the day.  And since the stock price change from trade to trade they are usually different.
The market doesn't know or care why you bought.  What you are asking is effectively 'this share went down in price after I bought. Is there anything I can do?'. Consider what you are asking for - if there were anything you could do, then no one would ever make a loss. How do you suppose that would work?
"Go to college: Unemployement for a year, $30k debt, ""unpaid internship"" for a year after, $50k base after 3 years experience in a junior position, some benefits.  Become a cop: Union protection, $59k base with upwards $200k income, government benefits and healthcare, paid equipment and expenses, ""external"" privileges dealing with law enforcement."
It sounds like your current loan is in your name. As such, you are responsible for paying it. Not your family, you. It also sounds like the loan payments are regularly late. That'll likely drastically affect your credit rating. Given what you've said, it doesn't surprise me that you were declined for a credit card. With the information on your credit report, you are a poor risk. Assuming your family is unable to pay loan on time (and assuming you aren't willing to do so), you desperately need to get your name off the loan. This may mean selling the property and closing out the loan. This won't be enough to fix your credit, though. All that will do is stop making your credit worse. It'll take a few years (five years in Canada, not sure how many years in India) until this loan stops showing up on your credit report. That's why it is important to do this immediately. Now, can a bank give you a loan or a credit card despite bad credit? Yes, absolutely. It all depends on how bad your credit is. If the bank is willing to do so, they'll most likely charge a higher interest rate. But the bank may well decide not to give you a loan. After all, your credit report shows you don't make your loan payments on time. You may also want to request your own copy of your credit report. You may have to pay for this, especially if you want to see your score. This could be valuable information if you are looking to fix your finances, and may be worth the cost. If you are sure it's just this one loan, it may not be necessary. Good luck! Edit: In India CIBIL is the authority that maintains records. Getting to know you exact score will help. CIBIL offers it via TransUnion. The non-payment will keep appearing on your record for 3 years. As you don't have any loans, get a credit card from a Bank where you have Fixed Deposits / PPF Account as it would be easier to get one. It can then help you build the credit.
"All of these frameworks, Markowitz, Mean/CVaR, CARA, etc  sit inside a more general framework which is that ""returns are good"" and ""risk/lack of certainty in the returns is bad"", and there's a tradeoff between the two encoded as some kind of risk aversion number.  You can measure ""lack of certainty in returns"" by vol, CVaR, weighted sum of higher moments, but even sector/region concentration.  Similarly do I want more ""returns"" or ""log returns"" or ""sqrt returns"" in the context of this tradeoff?  You don't need any formal notion of utility at that point - and I don't know what formal ideas of utility beyond ""I want more returns and less risk"" really buys you. The Sharpe ratio only really gets its meaning because you've got some formal asset-pricing notion of utility.   In my view the moment that you're putting constraints on the portfolio (e.g. long only, max weights, don't deviate too much from the benchmark ...) - really you're operating in this more general framework anyway and you're not in ""utility-land"" anymore."
CDR Group uses a Career Analysis Profile Questionnaire in order to determine the strengths of the job seeker and figure out how best to market those positive attributes. The questionnaire can be completed manually and mailed in, or electronically over the Internet.
There are business that exist by harvesting leads and selling them to other companies.  These leads can be access to resumes they sell to business looking for employees; they can be eyeballs that view their adds; they can be list of people that meet a specific credit profile. All are legitimate business and many are growing businesses. But in all these cases they are upfront with the things they are doing. They all have escape mechanisms for you to either stop them from selling your info to other customers, or to restrict the ability of those customers to contact you. There are also companies that are less honest with their collecting and selling of information. They are not honest about what they are collecting, and they have no care about how others use it. There are also cases where when a company buys another company, and  one main item in the transaction is the current and potential list of customers. Business with a legitimate product to sell, protect that customer list, that is the keys to the kingdom. They are the likely people who will buy the next version; they are also the ones that their competitors would love to target to convert them to another product.  In some businesses, the company that develops the platform will sell to developers of add ons access to the marketplace. They may charge a flat fee for access, or charge a percentage of sales, or both.  What you can do, and how you are allowed to do it, and what mechanisms are in place to protect people, are dependent on the country you operate in.
Perhaps someone has an investment objective different than following the market. If one is investing in stocks with an intent on getting dividend income then there may be other options that make more sense than owning the whole market. Secondly, there is Slice and Dice where one may try to find a more optimal investment idea by using a combination of indices and so one may choose to invest 25% into each of large-cap value, large-cap growth, small-cap value and small-cap growth with an intent to pick up benefits that have been seen since 1927 looking at Fama and French's work.
/r/personalfinance might be better.  Not really sure where this falls... this sub is more for just specific financial industry news and topics.   Here's the DOL page.  In all honesty, I'd imagine it'd be considered fair if the law only required him to pay you hourly for the work periods during the day so long as they expensed all your travel expenses.  Seems absurd to give you 24 hours of pay if you're going to go stay overnight somewhere that's already paid for by the employer and work a normal day.  http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs53.htm
"I think the best way to handle her fears is to explain the income and expenses of the household overall, then explain the savings and investment strategies, retirement projections, and then finally explain a concrete number for allowable monthly or annual discretionary expenses (including charity, entertainment, vacations, etc.).  You may have delicate relationship reasons for not doing this, but if you want a reasonable discussion, I would leave it this way. Please do not open with the question ""how much do you think we make"" or anything similar because that comes off as a trick or a quiz.  It sounds very condescending and highlights how much more you know about finances than she does.  It also highlights subconsciously how little mental control she has over the finances, which is likely to make her feel greater anxiety. You should emphasize how secure things are and explain why all the savings and investments you're using are conservatively likely to keep her financially secure.  This sets the ground for her to be comfortable with the fact that she now has money, in contrast to perhaps a less financially secure personal history. After that, charitable expenses come out of the expense budget, same as vacations, recreation, etc.  If it does not implicate financial security, then it's not dangerous to spend on charity. The alternate approach is to avoid the big financial talk and just propose a few small contributions this year. Then increase it every year incrementally. That may be easier to swallow once there's a psychological track record of donating without incident. Please go into the discussion remembering three things: But above all, please do not open up with a quiz.  Have a simple discussion with her.  Give her time to consider the expenses budget relative to the savings budget as a proportion of income.  And then allow for the fact that she may place a strong premium on savings and a strong discount on charity."
They are evidently going to divide Staples into three separately financed entities: U.S. retail; Canadian retail; and corporate-supply businesses. Smart move by Sycamore Partners. I know Stefan Kaluzny personally and he's a smart guy. Potentially largest LBO this year.
That's true, though I feel he means it more in terms of hindsight. Yes, low interest rates will cause the stock market, as a whole, to rise. Though it is not actionable by us prior to the rise or fall in rates because we can never know before it happens.  We're then left with only one real way of making money in the market and that's the purchase of undervalued companies with all the aforementioned criteria.
Stockholm är en vacker stad, inte bara när det kommer till arkitekturen inne i staden utan även när det kommer till miljön och naturen, både inne i stadskärnan och utanför de urbana gränserna. Detta är resultatet av en lång och dedikerad satsning från såväl staden som byggfirmorna som utför byggarbeten i regionen. Att bygga miljömedvetet har länge varit en viktig del av alla byggnationer, speciellt här uppe i Norden.   Våra handlingar påverkar alltid miljön på något sätt   Att vi människor sätter våra spår i vår miljö och omedelbara omgivning är oundvikligt. Det betyder dock inte att vi förstora eller smutsa ned i onödan, tvärtom. Alla måste ta sitt ansvar när det kommer till miljön, både privatpersoner, företag och regeringen. För att kunna utföra byggprojekt på ett miljömedvetet sätt, både när det kommer till byggnadens material samt själva byggnadssättet, kan byggföretaget ta hjälp av en miljökonsult i Stockholm. http://www.exengo.se/
Manufacturer of Quartz Grit in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-quartz-grit-in-india.php#manufacturer-quartz-grit Supplier of Quartz Grit in India, Manufacturer of Quartz Grit in India - Shri Vinayak Industries is offering high grade Quartz Grit. We produce finely processed Quartz Grit by our super efficient production unit. We are dominant supplier, Manufacturer and exporter of Quartz Grit. Usage of Quartz Grit in tiles, Ferro alloys, Ferro silicon, Ferro chrome, oil drilling, artificial granites, and electrical industries. Other applications of quartz grit are in steel industries, sugar refining, dairy farms, paper industries, chemical industries and water treatment plants.
they have weighed its impact on healthcare how could they possibly do that from a meaningful methodological point of view? American healthcare was and is the one of the biggest clusterfucks of all time from an organisational point of view.  Essentially, everyone is on the take. The insurance companies want to charge the highest premiums, the hospitals want to perform as many procedures as possible, and the doctors want as big a cut of the take as they can get their hands on. The patient has no choice about how much is spent, and simply wants to survive. And until recently there was no attempt to regulate Fair Use within the system.   Do you really think that have any real practical understanding of the situation, and even if they did, would that make any difference at all to the travesty that is going on in Washington at the moment?
No.  The WSJ prime rate is 4.25%, even the Fed prime rate is 1.75%, way above the 1.20% you'll be making from your savings account. If you are high worth individual with great credit history, the bank might give you a personal loan at 4.25%. They won't care what you do with it as long as they get their payments. If you are not that creditworthy, they'll ask for a collateral, you can mortgage your house for example. It ends up being the sames thing, you get your money and do what you want with it. If you can make more than the interest rate the bank gave you, great, you made profit. The bank however won't agree to lend you money at 0.6% (1/2 of the 1.2% APY your savings account will bring). Why would they when they can loan that at prime rate of 4.25%?? The closest you can get to something like this is if you are a hot-shot wall street money manager with track record of making big profits. In that case the bank might put some money in your fund for you to manage, but that's not something a regular person can do.
If that's what you're into, then yeah.  Having a deep interest in it or whichever discipline you follow is probably the most helpful aspect. I learned that the hard way by spending too much time trying to become a quant (the wall Street definition) and wish someone had told me about things information science, data visuslizatuon, or even something like ecommerce or search optimisation. All of which seem to be in even more demand that being a quant.  I reccomened talking to some people in the field. Maybe your academic advisor could help with that. It's also good for networking.
"We considered similar big renovations when putting our house on the market. The answer turns out to be pretty simple; unless you do renovation-type work as your day job, or have really good friends in the residential contracting business, sell as-is. You will virtually never get back the full price of bringing in a gen-con to renovate any space in your home; you do that when you want to spend the extra to make your home exactly what you wanted, so you can live in it for decades and get the enjoyment out of it. If you're trying to turn a profit with the renovation, like house-flippers do professionally, you look for easy repairs/renos, buy good-looking but inexpensive materials, and do the labor yourself. Whether you sell to the market or to a specifically-interested buyer is your call, but I will caution you that a specifically-interested buyer is going to be looking for a deal, or a steal.  When marketing our house, we met with three different realtors. The first one was very overoptimistic about what we could list for (basically assuming that we could get the same price as a fully-upgraded version of our same floor plan with a pool out back). She also had a to-do list a mile long, and my wife and I both noticed that she looked very apprehensive about the house when looking around, even as she reassured us that selling it would be no trouble. We eventually realized why she was so apprehensive, and fired her before we got even halfway through her to-dos, which included major landscaping, new kitchen floors and countertops, etc, which would have cost us thousands and would not have gotten the house price even close to the target. The second one took a look at our half-finished refinish and told us to stop everything we were doing to update the minor stuff like paint and fixtures, saying we were putting lipstick on a pig; she would market the house to some cash buyers she knew personally, for about 80% of the list price our first realtor quoted, and implied that we should be kissing her boots for finding us a buyer willing to take the house off our hands at all. During the tour, she pointed out ""problems"" with the house that weren't even there, like foundation issues such as sloping floors, in an attempt to scare us into going with her strategy. We sniffed that out pretty quickly, showed her the door at the end of the initial consult and never called back. This, by the way, is the kind of thing you want to avoid; unless your home is really dilapidated or torn apart with unfinished major renos, it should have decent value on the market and you shouldn't have to resort to a cash buyer looking for a flip or a rental property on the cheap. Just like Goldilocks, our third choice was just right. He saw all the same comparables, toured our house, and recommended that we offer about $20k less than the fully-upgraded version (but still about $20k more than the second realtor was estimating), targeting a ""real"" buyer and not an investor or flipper, but at a price that would make the lack of upgrades more acceptable. We finished the paint and finish projects we started, brought in a weekend's worth of scheduled showings, and our house was under contract for full price within 3 days, giving us the extra $20k worth of down payment to put into our new house. In summary, I highly recommend a realtor, because the one we eventually listed with worked his butt off on the business side while we fixed up the house. However, make sure you find the right one; realtors are ultimately in business for themselves, and their ultimate interest is in getting your house sold and getting you into a new one. That is what gets them paid. Some of them will do it the right way, working the deal with other realtors and their prospective buyers to get you what you need. Others will take the easy way out, at your expense, either giving you bad advice about how to present and price your home so that you end up on the market for 6 months with no offers, or handing your house to their business buddies at a discount."
I cannot give exact details on how to organize this (depend on your country, and beside that i'm no expert on finances either), however, this was recently suggested as a pension alternative: You used 100% of (2) after 20 years, and then the Life Annuity start to pay out. This has two advantages. First, it might be flat out cheaper depending on the products and tax laws. For example you do not pay tax on a saving account (other than property tax), but you pay more tax on a Life Annuity. Second, if you do die before the 20 years are over, you do have a no heirs, but it might still feel better to see your money go to a charity or some other organization you would like to support other than the big pockets of the insurance company when you die early :)
it's so much easier to stop payments then have to go asking for your money after a bank has taken it. I have had monthly homeowners payments taken after I sold a property. Took a lot of effort to get my money back. Wish I had taken a few minutes to stop the payments earlier.
Without giving away any important details needlessly, I was pointing out that there are some fundamental things that we will offer.   After speaking with a user experience strategist, we came to an interesting market research finding, which reported that the majority of service providers are registered to a multiple number of platforms. As well as this we are targeting a niche that will offer us the ability to be dominant, eventually phasing in new sectors/industries.
&gt; wo just because you are paying someone $20 that doesn't mean they will be as productive as 3 at $12.  That's /u/itssheramie's point.  If you need 3 people worth of work it doesn't matter if 1 good one is better than 1 bad one... it's still not 3.
Consumers aren't the only economic participants impacted by a change in the Fed rate.... Inflation has WIDE ranging implications from the future liabilities of pension funds to the ongoing cost of our national debt.  It doesn't make sense to consider only consumer inflationary experience.  PCE is considered because it relates to consumption, which includes things paid for by other entities, like employer healthcare spend.
"Well, if blodget's scenario comes to pass, it won't be rewarded.  Or at least, *I* won't have to watch it, there being 6.02x10^23 other shows to queue up instead.  I think a large part of the reason reality shows persist is that there are a limited number of channels, so if you aren't watching sports, etc, you have to settle for this garbage sooner or later.  Also, it may be true that they save them money, but I can't imagine that they command the advertiser money that a real, good, popular show does, so they really don't want to shift to them full time.  Thus we have this crap situation: try a show idea, then pull the plug and substitute something else.  ""When Gravity Fails"" was shaping up (finally) when they pulled it.  Boy, was my wife ever mad!  Personally, I have gone out of my way to avoid anything that sniffed 'realitytv', starting w/ the first season of survivor.  I feel the same way about the plethora of cop/doctor/lawyer/other formula shows too."
"Highly Compensated Employee Rules Aim to Make 401k's Fair would be the piece that I suspect you are missing here.  I remember hearing of this rule when I worked in the US and can understand why it exists.  A key quote from the article: You wouldn't think the prospect of getting money from an employer   would be nerve-wracking. But those jittery co-workers are highly   compensated employees (HCEs) concerned that they will receive a refund   of excess 401k contributions because their plan failed its   discrimination test. A refund means they will owe more income tax for   the current tax year. Geersk (a pseudonym), who is also an HCE, is in   information services and manages the computers that process his firm's   401k plan. 401(k) - Wikipedia reference on this:  To help ensure that companies extend their 401(k) plans to low-paid   employees, an IRS rule limits the maximum deferral by the company's   ""highly compensated"" employees, based on the average deferral by the   company's non-highly compensated employees. If the less compensated   employees are allowed to save more for retirement, then the executives   are allowed to save more for retirement. This provision is enforced   via ""non-discrimination testing"". Non-discrimination testing takes the   deferral rates of ""highly compensated employees"" (HCEs) and compares   them to non-highly compensated employees (NHCEs). An HCE in 2008 is   defined as an employee with compensation of greater than $100,000 in   2007 or an employee that owned more than 5% of the business at any   time during the year or the preceding year.[13] In addition to the   $100,000 limit for determining HCEs, employers can elect to limit the   top-paid group of employees to the top 20% of employees ranked by   compensation.[13] That is for plans whose first day of the plan year   is in calendar year 2007, we look to each employee's prior year gross   compensation (also known as 'Medicare wages') and those who earned   more than $100,000 are HCEs. Most testing done now in 2009 will be for   the 2008 plan year and compare employees' 2007 plan year gross   compensation to the $100,000 threshold for 2007 to determine who is   HCE and who is a NHCE. The threshold was $110,000 in 2010 and it did   not change for 2011. The average deferral percentage (ADP) of all HCEs, as a group, can be   no more than 2 percentage points greater (or 125% of, whichever is   more) than the NHCEs, as a group. This is known as the ADP test. When   a plan fails the ADP test, it essentially has two options to come into   compliance. It can have a return of excess done to the HCEs to bring   their ADP to a lower, passing, level. Or it can process a ""qualified   non-elective contribution"" (QNEC) to some or all of the NHCEs to raise   their ADP to a passing level. The return of excess requires the plan   to send a taxable distribution to the HCEs (or reclassify regular   contributions as catch-up contributions subject to the annual catch-up   limit for those HCEs over 50) by March 15 of the year following the   failed test. A QNEC must be an immediately vested contribution. The annual contribution percentage (ACP) test is similarly performed   but also includes employer matching and employee after-tax   contributions. ACPs do not use the simple 2% threshold, and include   other provisions which can allow the plan to ""shift"" excess passing   rates from the ADP over to the ACP. A failed ACP test is likewise   addressed through return of excess, or a QNEC or qualified match   (QMAC). There are a number of ""safe harbor"" provisions that can allow a   company to be exempted from the ADP test. This includes making a ""safe   harbor"" employer contribution to employees' accounts. Safe harbor   contributions can take the form of a match (generally totaling 4% of   pay) or a non-elective profit sharing (totaling 3% of pay). Safe   harbor 401(k) contributions must be 100% vested at all times with   immediate eligibility for employees. There are other administrative   requirements within the safe harbor, such as requiring the employer to   notify all eligible employees of the opportunity to participate in the   plan, and restricting the employer from suspending participants for   any reason other than due to a hardship withdrawal."
In banks and institutions where you could look at the money supply of M1 which is the physical currency in circulation compared to M2 which would be all the deposits that tend to be valued much more. http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h6/current/ would be the link where as of Nov. 2014 the figures are M1 - 2,849.8 M2 - 11,588.7 Footnotes from that: M1 consists of (1) currency outside the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve   Banks, and the vaults of depository institutions; (2) traveler's   checks of nonbank issuers; (3) demand deposits at commercial banks   (excluding those amounts held by depository institutions, the U.S.   government, and foreign banks and official institutions) less cash   items in the process of collection and Federal Reserve float; and (4)   other checkable deposits (OCDs), consisting of negotiable order of   withdrawal (NOW) and automatic transfer service (ATS) accounts at   depository institutions, credit union share draft accounts, and demand   deposits at thrift institutions. Seasonally adjusted M1 is constructed   by summing currency, traveler's checks, demand deposits, and OCDs,   each seasonally adjusted separately.  M2 consists of M1 plus (1)   savings deposits (including money market deposit accounts); (2)   small-denomination time deposits (time deposits in amounts of less   than $100,000), less individual retirement account (IRA) and Keogh   balances at depository institutions; and (3) balances in retail money   market mutual funds, less IRA and Keogh balances at money market   mutual funds. Seasonally adjusted M2 is constructed by summing savings   deposits, small-denomination time deposits, and retail money funds,   each seasonally adjusted separately, and adding this result to   seasonally adjusted M1. Where M1 sounds like the physical money outside the banks and M2 is the money inside the banks. Did you mean something more specific here? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gross_domestic_product would be a link about GDP in terms of economic output that has more than a few pieces to it that I'm sure whole courses in college are devoted to understanding this measurement.
You may be using the wrong method to get your money back.  As others have said, this is not a valid use for chargeback; that is when a fraudulent charge occurred, or when a merchant charges you incorrectly. However, many cards have various kinds of guarantees, one of which might cover this situation. Particularly in some european countries, such as the United Kingdom which has Section 75 allowing you a recourse, services are included with goods.  Goods are typically the only covered elements in the US, though, but check your credit card agreement to be sure. Second, you can go through the FTC.  They will provide you a sample form letter to request a refund of your money, and if the merchant is not cooperative might choose to help you directly (especially if many others are in your situation).
"Finance/Econ major checking in. I'm not an expert, but I just finished up a finance/marketing internship and I'll be headed into my junior year.    In all honesty, I'm not sure you really need to worry about an internship after your freshman year. For the most part, it's the summer's after your first summer that it really becomes the standard thing to get an internship.    I almost guarantee you I stressed to the max about the same things you're (probably) stressing about: Am I going to have enough experience? Is my GPA high enough? Am I wasting time not interning during the semesters? Am I a failure because I didn't get this scholarship/internship/program, etc. In the end, and I'm far from the end, I don't think it's going to matter that I didn't get an internship after my freshman year. I have a 4.0, but I'm almost certain I'd be in the same position if I had a 3.5. I really worried about not getting a ""prestigious"" internship, but I think it's more about meaningful experience that you can use to say ""look! I did this!"" even if it's not with a Top-10 blah blah blah.    You'll get there. If you're worrying about it now before you've even started classes, you'll finish up with plenty of experience in one way or another. Don't worry about it too much, get used to classes, make new friends, and have the time of your life.    Edit: My junior year, not sophomore year... it's been a long summer."
&gt; But, it seems like the pool is adding value out of nowhere!  Options don't simply exercise in the void. There are proceeds from the  exercise (option-holders must pay into the company). This amount is an additional investment in the company that hasn't precisely materialized yet, but is generally expected to (and is difficult to alter, as it's likely part of an employment contract).
&gt;I think the issue is people just do not have a choice but to do whatever their employer wants.        If you don't like the way your boss it treating you, save up some money and quit or do something stupid and get fired to collect unemployment.  You are responsible for your happiness and well being.  No one else.
(After seeing your most recent comment on the original question, it looks like others have answered the question you intended, and described the extreme difficulty of getting the timing right the way you're trying to. Since I've already typed it up, what follows answers what I originally thought your question was, which was asking if there were drawbacks to investing entirely in money market funds to avoid stock volatility altogether.) Money market funds have the significant drawback that they offer low returns. One of the fundamental principles in finance is that there is a trade-off between low risk and high returns. While money market funds are extremely stable, their returns are paltry; under current market conditions, you can consider them roughly equivalent to cash. On the other hand, though investing in stocks puts your money on a roller coaster, returns will be, on average, substantially higher. Since people often invest in order to achieve personal financial stability, many feel naturally attracted to very stable investments like money market funds. However, this tendency can be a big mistake. The higher returns of the stock market don't merely serve to stoke an investor's greed, they are necessary for achieving most people's financial goals. For example, consider two hypothetical investors, saving for retirement over the course of a 40-year career. The first investor, apprehensive Adam, invests $10k per year in a money market fund. The second investor, brave Barbara, invests $10k per year in an S&P 500 index fund (reinvesting dividends). Let's be generous and say that Adam's money market fund keeps pace with inflation (in reality, they typically don't even do that). At the end of 40 years, in today's money, Adam will have $10,000*40 = $400,000, not nearly enough to retire comfortably on. On the other hand, let's assume that Barbara gets returns of 7% per year after inflation, which is typical (though not guaranteed). Barbara will then have, using the formula for the future value of an annuity, $10,000 * [(1.07)^40 - 1] / 0.07, or about $2,000,000, which is much more comfortable. While Adam's strategy produces nearly guaranteed results, those results are actually guaranteed failure. Barbara's strategy is not a guarantee, but it has a good chance of producing a comfortable retirement. Even if her timing isn't great, over these time scales, the chances that she will have more money than Adam in the end are very high. (I won't produce a technical analysis of this claim, as it's a bit complicated. Do more research if you're interested.)
"This article is silly.  We have a functioning labor market. Wages are balanced by supply and demand.  We don't need more regulation to ""fix"" it.  I think the market is effectively bifurcated.  You have skilled jobs being well paid, and candidates can easily switch.  For instance entry-level Computer Science grads regularly make $60k and have multiple offers.  If you're highly skilled, life is good, economically.  I think the jobs that require trade-skills are also under supplied.  The roofer in the article is an example.  These folks also get reasonable pay and steady work, certainly enough for a middle class lifestyle.  If you're a low-skill worker, then life is much harder.  There are job shortages, wages are low, and employees suffer.  One complication is that many students go to college, but graduate without marketable skills.  This leaves them to compete against low-skill workers.  So college grads suffer from ""low"" wages, and non-college grads suffer from increased competition. I'm surprised so many people still take on college debt to get degrees that offer little to no wage premium.  Minimum wage hikes can help a little.  In Seattle they found no job loss from the first small minimum wage hike (and an increase in employee well-being).  The second hike was larger and created significant job losses (enough that total wages paid were flat).  I think this means that some jobs don't generate enough value to be paid $15/hr.  The TL-DR is get skills to lead an easier economic life."
SPRING HILL — In 2009, Spring Hill United Church of Christ followed the lead of the denomination’s 24th General Synod of 2003 and adopted a statement of inclusiveness: The church body would welcome and affirm all people, including people of every sexual identity. One way the church has decided to live up to that statement is by offering an educational and support group for those with HIV/AIDS, as well as people affected by it, beginning this month. The group will meet from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on the last Tuesday of each month at the church. “For the past two years, our church has declared itself open to all people, regardless of age, race, gender, ethnicity, sexual identity, health or disabilities, economic status or family structure,” said the Rev. Carlan Helgeson. “As part of that inclusiveness of all people in our congregation, we are excited to be able to reach out to those who may lack the support and affirmation that comes from being HIV positive or having AIDS.” The ministry, called Red Project, will be led by church member and ministerial student Ray Gomez. “I chose the name Red Project because red is a stand-out, shout-out kind of color,” Gomez said. Red is also the color of the AIDS ribbon used to represent the illness, he said. “Red denotes danger and is an angry color, representing the worst in human behavior and ignorance, along with hatred shown to the people with the illness in the early years,” Gomez said, “and the stigma surrounding HIV, even today.” Gomez is HIV positive and has more than 25 years of experience teaching and advocating on HIV/AIDS. He holds degrees in education and multicultural education and is working on a second master’s degree in pastoral counseling. He is an ordained minister through the Missionary Church International and is a student in ministry with the United Church of Christ. Gomez, who is gay, said he attends the church in Spring Hill because it is open and affirming. “A lot of churches do not want to service or go out of their way to reach the HIV population,” he said. “It’s unfortunate because a lot of people with HIV live in this community. There’s so much stigma still attached to HIV, so (for that reason) many people don’t want anything to do with church.” Gomez said that several years ago he personally felt rejection by many churches. Subsequently, he turned to alcohol, crack cocaine and promiscuous living. “I discovered quite quickly that the world’s solutions make great promises but can never deliver,” he said. “It was all just an illusion of the intimacy I was seeking, and I was left more broken, more hopeless and experienced deeper despair.” Over the past 11 years, Gomez said, he returned to the faith of his youth and began ministering to those who were hurting and broken. Now, as an advocate and peer in the field, he is a certified prevention specialist, HIV test counselor and peer educator. “I have recovered from crack addiction and alcohol abuse,” he said. “I have discovered the Metropolitan Community Church and the United Church of Christ, two denominations that allow me to be fully myself and fully Christian, and which give me the opportunity to minister to a hurting and broken community.” Reconciliation for hurting people is his goal. “My purpose, and Pastor Carlan’s purpose, is to reconcile gay men, lesbians and bisexual people that have been hurt by other Christians and that don’t attend church anymore, and welcome them back into a family of faith.” Topics at the monthly classes will include “I Just Tested Positive: Now What?” “Talking with My Health Care Provider: The Stuff You Need to Discuss,” “Medication Adherence: What’s Important and Why?” and “Crystal Meth and HIV: A Non-judgmental Educational Experience.” According to a press release, the purpose of Red Project is to offer emotional, physical and spiritual support, and guidance to those newly diagnosed with HIV and to those who have been positive for some time. “I believe a good support group needs four things,” Gomez said. Physical support, emotional support, education and spiritual support.” There is no cost to attend, but donations will be sought to help with refreshments and educational materials. Carlan said those attending need not participate in the church. “There are no strings attached,” he said. “All we want to do is to help those who have a need and to affirm those who may feel alienated and disenfranchised by society at large. My biggest hope is that people find inner healing and form bonds of friendship from participating in Red Project.” According to Nina Mattei, public information officer for the Hernando County Health Department, the county does not offer a support group for those with HIV/AIDS. “The Health Department reaches out with HIV/AIDS education, presentations, literature, testing and prevention,” said Mattei. “The Health Department clinics offer testing, education, comprehensive care and referrals. “HIV and AIDS is a concern across Florida,” she said, “and we are fortunate to have resources available in Hernando County that support people who are living with HIV and AIDS.”
Hard to say in general. It depends on the actual numbers.  First you need to check the suggested retail price of a new car, and the price that you can actually get it for. The difference between these prices is between non-existing and huge, depending on the car. Some dealers will sell you a car that has done 50 miles for a huge rebate - that means they can't sell their cars at full price but don't want to reduce the price. Used cars can be quite expensive compared to a new car or not, also depending on the brand.  Estimate that a brand new car should drive 12 years and 200,000 miles without major repairs (go for a car with generous warranty or check reviews to make sure you are buying a long lasting car). Calculate the cost per year. Since you prefer driving a nicer new car, increase the cost for the first four years and reduce the cost for the last four years. With that information, check what the used car costs and if that is reasonable. Assuming 12 years life, a six your old car should be quite a bit less than 50% of a new one.  You can improve your cost a bit: If your annual mileage is low, you might find a rather new car with huge mileage quite cheap which will still last many years. Or if your annual mileage is excessively high, you can look for a car that is a bit older with low mileage.  Anyway, paying 70% of the price of a new passenger car for a used car that is six years old (you say <7 years, so I assume six years) seems excessive; it would mean the first user effectively paid 30% of the new price to drive the car for six years, and you pay 70% to drive another six years (estimated). You'd be much much better off buying a new car and selling it for 70% after six years.
Let's say I am able to pass the level 1 CFA exam, would this allow me to pursue a career within the finance world without needing to look into a second bachelor's in finance or an MBA-finance? I know this is a long road ahead and one that will be full of difficult times.   Yeah, my focus was school counseling.  So this would allow me to graduate and look at a private practice license after I meet the hour requirements or give me the opportunity to become a school counselor as soon as I graduate.  These positions don't pay the most but they are at least something.  I live in a rural area currently but would be looking to relocate to Denver upon graduation.  If I stopped the MS degree then I would only have my BA in Psychology to fall back on until taking and passing the CFA.  I'm not sure I could make as much with that degree while I attempt to transition careers.    As far as the emotionally taxing aspect, working with children who come from broken homes all day, every day is extremely exhausting mentally and for someone like me it is difficult to leave work at work in this line.  I become emotionally invested in the outcome of my work and have a hard time disconnecting and not caring when I am on my time.    The main reason I am looking at switching into this type of career isn't based around the earning potential.  Although this is an added benefit, the greatest reasoning is because a) this helping profession has left me burned out and I want to continue to help but in a less intimate way and b) my personality and strengths really fit with this type of career.  I have had to work hard to develop as a counselor and I still struggle at times.  I have a more concrete and factual mind and I process things in a critical and evaluative manner.  Ideal for careers that require critical evaluation, behind the scenes work, and a love for working with numbers and data.  I'll take a look at the WSO site and ask for some advice on there as well.  The largest decision that I will need to make is if finishing the MS is going to be worth the 20k investment for one more year or if I should cut out and focus on developing a career in this field while working full-time and starting to pay off student loans.  My student loan debt is unfortunately higher than I would like, but I come from a family of alcoholics, users, and I finished high school while living on friend's couches for the last two years - so it has been a necessary evil.  Having to pay on the loans if I were to stop the MS is also a factor but I know there are income-driven repayment plans available that I can take advantage of if my earnings aren't as high as I would like.    Thank you again for your time - it is greatly appreciated.
Så er det endelig ferie og tid til at slappe af. For mange er det at slappe af ensbetydende med masser af bevægelse og aktivitet. En aktiv ferie med sport og gang i kroppen giver flow og overskud og får brændt alle vinterens mørke og stillesiddende timer ud af kroppen. Du kan være aktiv på din ferie i Danmark på et utal af måder, fra det helt basale til det mere avancerede og teknisk krævende. http://www.bestwestern.dk/
I moved to England (from the US) for my second half of university, during those two years my tuition in the U.K. was almost the same as in-state tuition in the US, and I had gone to an out of state school the year before so I actually saved money when I moved abroad.   It's actually pretty damn easy if people bother to put in an effort to move to Europe from the United States for higher education, as many institutions here have lower costs even for non-EU citizens, accept US federal loads, have majors in English, offer easy to obtain student visas, and while you're here you have access to their healthcare, get to experience a new culture, might learn a new language, etc.  People think it is impossible or pointless; it is not.
You assume that only the state can create those things or provide them. I challenge that view. The state is nothing special it is only a service provider in a space that many could be offering services in if there wasn't an artificially created monopoly on those services. Your god didn't create those things and should not have a monopoly on them.
No.  Revenue is the company's gross income.  The stock price has no contribution to the company's income.  The stock price may be affected when the company's income deviates from what it was expected to be.
See if any of the funds they offer are index funds, which will generally have MUCH lower fees and which seem to perform as well as any of the actively managed funds in the same categories.
eSalesData can equip your sales teams with highly precise mailing information that lets you effortlessly get in touch with thousands of agriculture executives across the globe. Our databases are run through a 6-stage verification process prior to delivery, besides being overhauled and cleansed every 90 days.
The easiest way to get started on a budget is just to track where you spend your money. If you have set bills each month I would make a category for each of those to make sure you have enough to pay. You can try and split up the remaining income into categories but the easiest way to start is just to track your spending for a month or two. This gives you a birds eye view of what is actually realistic. Start with that total as your preliminary budget and then adjust as you go along to meet other financial goals. We use neobudget.com for tracking our income.
"I also don't know the specific details for Finland and/or Belgium, however many countries have tax treaties, which generally prevent double taxation (i.e., paying tax in both countries on the same base income). Being that both Finland and Belgium are EU member states, I'm quite certain there's a provision that covers this, and the same would apply: You pay taxes on what you earn while in Finland to Finland, and to Belgium what you earn while in Belgium. All of this is similar to what you presented, however there's also a section where you'd declare how much taxes were paid in other countries. One other thing to note, which will be the determining factor in the above, is whether EU law requires you to change residence to BE for the time you're there. If not  then you'll be paying taxes in Finland the entire time on the entire amount. This comes from an Irish governmental site: ""By working in another member state and by transferring your residence there, you are likely to become ""resident for tax purposes"" there. The definition of fiscal residence varies from one member state to another. You must comply with the laws of the country where you have established your residence. The laws on personal taxation vary considerably from one member state to another and you may be liable for taxation in more than one country. In general, you are subject to income tax in the country where you are living but this may not be the case if you are a “posted worker” – see below. In general, property is taxed in the country in which it is situated but, again, there are variations. Tax agreements have been concluded between most of the member states of the EU, which are intended to avoid double taxation, if you derive income from different countries. In general, national fiscal rules must respect the fundamental principle of non-discrimination against nationals of another EU country."""
The credit card company isn't the one losing money here. It's the airline. The airline credited you back twice (once with the fraud report, once with the credit from the thief). Maybe you should call them if you want it resolved sooner. In any case, if/when they do come looking for their money, they will have the paperwork to prove that it belongs to them.  You can spend the money now and risk paying it back later, you can watch and wait, or you can be proactive and ask the airline to fix it. They may or may not care about that sum.
&gt; it makes US investments even better because the rate of return gets boosted higher.  Except it doesn't.    Do they really teach this?  Does anyone have a link to textbook thinking on this subject, because that's a blatant lie and might explain why so many people understand the dynamics at work here completely wrong.
"I've been taking all the cheap fixed-rate debt banks would like to give me lately. What Rate? In practice I find the only way I get a low-enough rate on a longish-term fixed-rate loan is to use collateral. That is, auto loans and home loans. I haven't seen any personal loans with a low enough fixed rate. (Student loans may be cheap enough if they're subsidized, I guess.) Here's how I think of the rate: If you look at https://personal.vanguard.com/us/insights/saving-investing/model-portfolio-allocations , the average annual return on 80% bonds / 20% stocks is 6.7%, with worst year -10.3%. That's a nominal return not a real return. If you subtract taxes, say your marginal rate (the rate you pay on your last dollar of income) is 28% federal plus 5% state, then if you have no tax deferral the 6.7% becomes about a 4.5% average, with reasonably wide variation year-by-year. (You can mess with this, e.g. using tax-exempt bonds and tax-efficient stock funds, etc. which would be wise, but for deciding whether to take out debt, getting too detailed is false precision. The 6.7% number is only an average to begin with, not a guarantee.) Say you pay 4.5% on a loan, and you keep your money in very conservative investments, that's probably at least going to break even if you give it some years. It certainly can and sometimes will fail to break even over some time periods, but the risk of outright catastrophe is low. If your annual loss is 10%, that sucks, but it should not ruin your life. In practice, I got a home loan for close to 4.5% which is tax-deductible so a lower effective rate, and got an auto loan subsidized by the manufacturer for under 3%. Both are long-term fixed-rate loans with collateral. So I was happy to borrow this money paying about a 3% effective rate in both cases, well below my rough threshold of 4.5%. I do not, however, run a credit card balance; even though one of my cards is only 7% right now, 7% is too high, and it's a floating rate that could rise. The personal loans I've seen have too-high rates also. Thoughts Overall I think using debt as a tool requires that you're already financially stable, such that the debt isn't creating a risky situation. The debt should be used to increase liquidity and flexibility and perhaps boost investment returns a bit. Where you're likely to get into trouble is using debt to increase your purchasing power, especially if you use debt to buy things that aren't necessary. For me the primary reason to use debt is flexibility and liquidity, and the secondary ""bonus"" reason is a possible spread between the debt rate and investment returns."
They are looking at your work history to see that you have maintained a similar level of income for a period of time, and that you have a reasonable expectation to continue that for the foreseeable future. They are looking to make a commitment for 15-30 years. They see the short term contract, and have no confidence in making a guess to your ability to pay. Before the real estate bubble burst, you would have had a chance with a no documentation loan. These were setup for people who earned fluctuating incomes, mostly due to being commissioned based. They were easily abused, and lenders have gotten away from them becasue they were burned too often. Just like building your credit rating over time, and your down payment over time, you might have to wait to build a work history.
There is a number of cheaper online options that you could use. TranferWise was already mentioned here. Other options i know are Paysera or TransferGo. They state that international transfers are processed on the next day and they are substantially cheaper than those of banks. Currency exchange rate is usually not bad.
Either you use absolute standards to calculate poverty or you use relative standards. If you want to use relative standards it's an obscene argument, there will always be poverty. If you use absolute standards you cannot arbitrarily exclude the rest of the world. It's about purchasing power, not nominal incomes. You are discussing nominal incomes and using a relative standard of poverty. You mine as well just say 'I enjoy being unhappy about the world and have set forth to define the world in terms which make it impossible for me to be happy about it. Not trying to start an argument, that's simply economics. Not even saying you don't have serious and relevant gripes. But this article is not going to help present those issues in a way that they can be taken seriously. I would recommend reading some material on developmental economics. Become informed so you can define the argument in intelligible language.
The price for securities is negotiable.  You totally have a right to make a lower offer when buying or ask for a higher price when selling.    Securities don't trade at a fixed price, the price goes up and down throughout the day based on the price offers made by buyers and sellers and where they find agreement. If a stock last traded for $10, someone can put out an offer to buy the stock at $9.50, if they find someone who wants to sell and will accept that price, then a deal is made. unless something is falling rapidly in price however, an offer that far below the last price is not terribly likely to be accepted. Now if you want to be assured of making a sale or purchase, you generally trade 'at the market' and for small time players that is very much encouraged as it makes it easier for everyone.
so this is a loan for a house? a loan on a house? a new mortgage? you shouldn't just get a loan for the hell of it any time. interests rates are low because the yields on US treasuries have been pushed closer to zero, and thats pretty much that. the risk is on the bank that approves the loan, and not you. (your ability to repay should be truthful, but your payments are smaller because the interest is so low)
"Create an account called, say, ""Paycheck"".  When you get paid, create an entry with your gross income as a deposit.  For each deduction in your paycheck, create a minus (or expense) entry.  After doing that, what will be left in the Paycheck account will be your net income.  Simply transfer this amount to the real account your paycheck goes into (your checking account, probably). Almost all the time, the value of your Paycheck account will be 0.  It will be nonzero only for a moment every two weeks (or however often you get paid). I don't know if this is the standard way of doing it (in the professional accounting world).  It's a way I developed on my own and it works well, I think.  I think it's better than just adding a deposit entry in your checking account for your net income as it lets you keep track of all your deductions. (I use Quicken for the Mac.  Before they added a Paycheck feature, I used this method.  Then they removed the Paycheck feature from the latest version of Quicken for the Mac and I now use this method again.)"
&gt; Actually, the thing they need is debt, not depositors money.  I was trying to explain how a bank could be a ponzi scheme.  But on second thought, even the example I provided is wrong.    Depositors are creditors to the bank.  Ponzi schemes are paying out returns to investors or equity holders and has nothing to do with paying out liabilities to creditors.  No matter how the bank sourced the assets, paying returns of interest to depositors (creditors) can't be deemed a ponzi scheme.
Capital Place Tower tọa lạc trên mặt tiền Đường Thái Văn Lung, Phường Bến Nghé, Quận 1. Tòa nhà nằm trong top cho thuê văn phòng Quận 1 được thiết kế theo đúng tiêu chuẩn của một building quốc tế. Nằm gần các khu trung tâm thương mại tài chính của Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh sẽ tạo được điều kiện phát triển mới trong nhiều lĩnh vực làm việc của bạn.
Yeah, good luck to you dude. The way I see it is, I have absolutely zero chance of reaching my goals if I don't try. Can't focus on my poor academic history. Just need to keep improving myself to incrementally improve my chances.   Plus, the level of intellect required to succeed in IB should make community college a breeze. Since I have been focused on Finance I haven't been close to receiving a B. You should kill it.
It's not that they don't want to pay it, it is that there is now an economic incentive to do it. People can no longer be turned down because of a preexisting condition.   That means that I should wait until I break my arm to sign up for insurance. Then once it's better I should cancel it again. That is simply what makes sense economically. Only people who are sick need insurance if sick people cannot be turned down
Audating Site is the best Australian online dating website. You can use this website for adult dating and naughty casual fun. Here you will meet thousands of the hottest members from the Australia. Casual sex is the best sex, this sex can meet through the dating website. If you are 18 years old, you can sign up for free on our website and create a profile and instantly begin connecting with real, sexy singles who are looking for no strings attached fun, right now, with you.
You're the only one that knows what's going on. But in GA they are having problems getting permission to just tear down unmaintained vacant properties.  http://www.walb.com/story/15552236/dilapidated-dougherty-co-homes-may-be-demolished  http://decatur.11alive.com/news/news/139681-dekalb-county-fix-dilapidated-houses  (I had another story in mind but I don't know the right keywords to find it, basically someone abandoned a house years ago and people have been trying to find the owner, because they can't get rid of it and the property values are going down.)
Stock price is determined by what's being asked for it, and what's being paid for it. The reported price is either a recent average, or is the last price at which a sale actually took place, depending on which you've asked for. Limit orders are an agreement between you and your brokerage, and have no direct effect on price. When and if their condition is triggered and the transaction takes place, the transaction is what's significant.
How do I direct deposit my paycheck into a high yield financial vehicle, like lottery tickets? And can I roll over my winnings into more lottery tickets? I want to wait until I have a few billion before touching it, maybe in a year or two.
It's a lot easier to trade a contract based on the forward value (a futures contract) of some commodity, than say constantly trade &amp; deliver 1000 barrels of crude oil.   Along those lines, it's also easier to trade an option on the forward value than it is an option on the actual commodity, especially if you have the ability to exercise the option
"Finally, I got response from finance center:  ""It doesn't matter where do you study, what does matter is where you   live. So, once you live in Germany, you pay taxes in Germany. And   it doesn't matter who you work for."" So, there are two options to pay taxes: it's paid by an employer or an employee: If I would work for Swiss company, I need to show how much money I make every month (or year) to Finance Center."
"Scumbag n2deep:       Accuses others of not really knowing about someone's true nature          Says you're just as bad as everyone else       So, do you get royalties from Merriam Webster for your portrait next to ""Hypocrite"" on page 378, or is it a Creative Commons kinda thing?"
Your investment is probably in a Collective Investment Trust. These are not mutual funds, and are not publicly traded. I.e. they are private to plan participants in your company. Because of this, they are not required* to distribute dividends like mutual funds. Instead, they will reinvest dividends automatically, increasing the value of the fund, rather than number of shares, as with dividend reinvestment. Sine you mention the S&P 500 fund you have tracks closely to the S&P Index, keep in mind there's two indexes you could be looking at: Without any new contributions, your fund should closely track the Total Return version for periods 3 months or longer, minus the expense ratio. If you are adding contributions to the fund, you can't just look at the start and end balances. The comparison is trickier and you'll need to use the Internal Rate of Return (look into the XIRR function in Excel/Google Sheets). *MFs are not strictly required to pay dividends, but are strongly tax-incentivized to do so, and essentially all do.
Coinciding with a complete turnover of ocean currents since the industrial revolution started. The ocean has been saturated with CO2 which has been absorbing it like mad for the last 200+ years. Now the water that was on the surface during the industrial revolution absorbing CO2 has gone down to lower underwater currents, flowed back to the start of the current, and popped back up at the surface. It isn't fresh clean water that can absorb more CO2, it is already saturated. This is were most of the 'missing' climate change has gone, into carbonating the water. Now it is being oversaturated with the combined effects of making the ocean more acidic and less fit to support life. We should be seeing CO2 levels rise exponentially the next couple decades above what we have in the past with similar CO2 output levels, there aren't as many places left for it to go.
The manufacturing world generates enough RFQ's that you can survive off of a professional looking website, good SEO, and a solid Google Maps listing. Make it easy to be found and the customers throw themselves at you, it's pretty amazing in my experience.
"Google Finance certainly has data for Tokyo Stock Exchange (called TYO on Google) listings.  You could create a ""portfolio"" consisting of the stocks you care about and then visit it once per day (or write a script to do so)."
It is difficult to actually 'answer' your (or any other) investment question as investment outlook and objectives are different from one individual to another. I shall put down some of my thoughts and probably you shall be able to factor them in while you take your decision. As for your last paragraph, in general from investment perspective, the younger you are more kisk you can take and bond gives a stable base to a portfolio. One good way to estimate the proportionality of bond:stock is (your age):(100-your age). However for 2-3 years you could ignore the above and invest in good quality stocks for long term.
First step is determine how much equity is in the car (positive or negative). Then for your car payments has that been paid out of money that has already been split or is it from a pool that is still to be slit. If the later, then it is irrelevant to this discussion since it was from a joint pool. If the money has already been split then adjust her half of the equity in the car by what you have been paying an make her that offer for her half of the car.  I recommend showing her the calculations so as to explain how you came with what she is owed and then let her make a counter offer.
I think this could be a even bigger problem for us since dollar is not just the international curreny for oil but for like mostly everything. This trend could be pushed by china and russia for other stuff to which is terrible for US.
He didn't say that. He said he disagrees with people who condone hate and posted a video about it on Face Book. I like Marcus and think he has a good head on his shoulders but he should have kept his head out of this battle for sure.  edit: bot grammar checked me.
"Is it really all that much for me to ask that exchanges not be complicit in my 401k being front-run? I really don't get how you can argue it's a good thing. I guess I should instead be mad at the my 401k management firm for not dragging their own private fiber networks and allowing my 401k to get shaved by ""smarter"" traders that do. You're ridiculous."
You already received a tax deduction, more or less, as you didn't pay tax on this income. Beyond that, no; the money is lost if you don't spend it.  See this explanation for example, among many others; it's specific to FSA, but they work generally the same way. To go into a bit more detail, read the IRS publication on the subject; basically, what's happening here is that you're receiving a fringe benefit, rather than salary.  So yes, you agreed to voluntarily reduce your salary by $255 or whatever per month in exchange for funds in this account. As such, they're nontaxable, which both your employer and you find helpful; but the downside is it's not really your money - it's a fringe benefit.  Nice that it's tax free, and dissimilar to a medical or dependent care FSA, it doesn't have an expiration date; but it does go away when you leave your employer, and you don't get it back.  It's money you never had.
So you're expecting people to go in debt getting a degree for jobs that don't require an advanced education and will not likely pay enough for them to pay off their student loan debt. That in the words of the author of this article is just plain dumb.
If you want to save the money and buy the used car in good condition then you have reached the right place, because it is one of the most and trustable used car dealers in  Johor Bahru. Here, you and get the wide range of every car that certify by our excellent expert team.  Basically, you should find the most and nearest authorized car dealer in your city. We are certified in this work to sale the second hand car now we have 14 car company and ready for sale car more than 1000. You can also select the most and your favorite car.
&gt; That power is going to shift to Europe and East Asia where education isn't treated as a commodity.        In those countries, not everyone gets into college.  So for those that do, the degree is worth something.        The concept of blocking a child from going to college because their grades are just average, is foreign to US culture.   Then these average students get a mountain of debt, and a degree that won't take them anywhere.   As a foreigner in the US, it feels cruel to me.   But in my country, only the top 30-40% of high school students academically can gain entry to college.   All others must look for a different path (community college, trades, etc).
AdrianaJewelry provides the gold, silver and diamond jewelry in the USA. We also provide all types of jewelry online. The Gold heart necklace is beautifully expressive and often used as Valentine's day gifts of love. It is a time-honored expression of love and constancy. As such, you can offer it as a gift of love at any time of the year such as birthdays, Christmas, Mothers Day, anniversaries or for any special events and achievement.
I love it. Knew this guy for an impostor when he first came to presidential popularity. The sheep followed each other and flocked to their red blooded savior out of ignorance. Unfortunately, though I hope they all received the consequences for their idiocy, it will most undoubtedly effect me as well.  fuckers
"With these income levels you cannot deduct any IRA contribution. I.e.: you cannot save pre-tax, as you want. But you still can contribute to IRA (as a non-deductible contribution), and using the ""loophole"" transfer the contribution to Roth (you are probably over the limit to be able to contribute to Roth directly). For pre-tax contributions - max out your 401k."
Alternative: buy a recent-model used car in good condition. Or buy an older car in good condition. Let someone else pay the heavy depreciation that happens the moment you drive a new car off the dealer's lot.
Absolutely this.  Encouraging education is good.  Encouraging education by offering private institutions blank checks someone else (the student) is responsible for paying down is bad.  At this point, regulate the price of college tuition, and make federal student loans federal student grants.
"A ""market maker"" is someone that is contractually bound, by the exchange, to provide both bid and ask prices for a given volume (e.g. 5000 shares). A single market maker usually covers many stocks, and a single stock is usually covered by many market makers. The NYSE has ""specialists"" that are market makers that also performed a few other roles in the management of trading for a stock, and usually a single issue on the NYSE is covered by only one market maker.  Market makers are often middlemen between brokers (ignoring stuff like dark pools, and the fact that brokers will often trade stocks internally among their own clients before going to the exchange).  Historically, the market makers gave up buy/sell discretion in exchange for being the ""go-to guys"" for anyone wanting to trade in that stock. When you told your broker to buy a stock for you, he didn't hook you up with another retail investor; he went to the market maker. Market makers would also sometimes find investors willing to step in when more liquidity was needed for a security. They were like other floor traders; they hung out on the exchange floors and interacted with traders to buy and sell stocks. Traders came to them when they wanted to buy one of the specialist's issues. There was no public order book; just ticker tape and a quote. It was up to the market maker to maintain that order book.  Since they are effectively forbidden from being one-sided traders in a security, their profit comes from the bid-ask spread. Being the counter-party to almost every trade, they'd make profit from always selling above where they were buying. (Except when the price moved quickly -- the downside to this arrangement.) ""The spread goes to the market maker"" is just stating that the profit implicit in the spread gets consumed by the market maker. With the switch to ECNs, the role of the market maker has changed. For example, ForEx trading firms tend to act as market makers to their customers. On ECNs, the invisible, anonymous guy at the other end of most trades is often a market maker, still performing his traditional role. Yet brokers can interact directly with each other now, rather than relying on the market maker's book. With modern online investing and public order books, retail investors might even be trading directly with each other. Market makers are still out there; in part, they perform a service sold by an Exchange to the companies that choose to be listed on that exchange. That service has changed to helping tamp volatility during normal high-volatility periods (such as at open and close)."
That's an interesting take, but I insist that their real wealth situation is better than ours because of the consistent positive infusion of foreign wealth from superior physical exports  &gt; I want to emphasize here that the printing press isn't some magic fountain of real wealth.  That's the argument you've been supporting this entire time!!! Nice pivot, man  &gt;: [
Obviously, you should not buy stock when the option is to pay down your debt. However, your question is different. Should you sell to reduce debt. That really depends on your personal situation. If you were planning to sell the stock anyway, go ahead and reduce your loans. Check out how the stock is doing and what the perspectives are. If the stock looks like it's going down, sell... Do you have savings? Unless you do, I should advise to sell the stock at any rate. If you do have savings, are they earning you more (in percentage) than your loans? If they are, keep them...
&gt; Personally, I've avoided those sellers on Amazon because I know I don't get the same level of service I expect from Amazon  Previously you as a consumer had that choice. You could pick the vendor a better return policy, or you take a gamble on the vendor with a potentially cheaper price or better shipping. With the new policy your choices are reduced.  As marketplace businesses most likely will have to increase prices to compensate for return losses, there will be less competitive price pressure on Amazon. It can only serve to incrementally increase prices across the board.
Oh God . .please let this happen on live TV   Imagine the ratings, it will make Mac Gregor vs May weather look like the local peep show.  Think of the revenue and the Good it will do the economy  and by the way, the title is misleading, it was  Fucking Moron
Humans are great apes and all great apes were tropical herbivores.  That means shelter and clothing was minimal, and we foraged (not hunted, we're not really built for it) for available food daily.  It's only when we move away from the tropical that life becomes a constant struggle rather than an intermittent one.
That is a desirable model so I doubt you could get it into the low 30's. Also you mentioned you want it optioned out. That would also reduce the leverage you have in the negotiation. Look at True Car to find out what you'd actually be paying. You will either get the car you want or the price you want.
"No, but it's serving the same purpose, which is to hide the original origin of a sum of money. Both examples involve moving money from one source to another, when both the source and the sink are in actuality the same entity managed and run by the same people. Both involve doing it in order to hide the money from those who would otherwise have a right to a portion of it. In this case, it is those with a right on the ""net"". In Starbucks UK, it's the UK government."
Welcome to Scale Manager. We are the leading residential, commercial, and industrial areas provide limescale remover product service company, which is located in Loughborough. We provide the best water conditioners product in the United Kingdom from previous many years. We have well-trained professionals that offer the best possible service and you can expect to get all of the information you need. If you want to serve in your home and office, you can contact us at our office.
First, let me say that you have to take everything your agent says with a grain of salt. Freakonomics had a great article that discussed the math behind the motivation of the real estate agent.  It described the home seller, trying to get, say $400K. On a 6% commission, the $24K is destined to be split between seller realtor office and buyer's realtor's office. The selling agent gets $6,000 (or so) in the end. As a seller, if I settle for $380K, my realtor is only out $300, netting $5700. But $20K lower sale price, and I just lost nearly $19K after commission is paid.  The agent would have the natural goal of volume, not extracting the last dollar from the buyer. Gaining back the last $20K to the seller will cost the realtor far more than $300 in her time, keeping the house on the market and waiting for the better offer.  Sellers might use down payment as one way to estimate the probability of the financing falling through, but it's a rough estimate at best because, in the case of bank financing, the bank needs the same time to run through the paperwork for a 3% down or a 20% down. It's just as easy for the buyer to qualify or not qualify for one loan or the other. There are young couples with great incomes and no debt, who blow away the required ratios for proposed debt to income, but haven't saved up the otherwise huge 20% downpayment. Then there are those who have saved for years, even having 30% to put down, but their income is still not going to qualify them. The offer will be contingent on the financing, regardless. It will show that you are putting $XX dollars as a downpayment, and the final transaction is contingent on your bank approving you.
"That's a lot of manual checking-in to see if everything is performing the way you ""want"". Not to insult your intelligence, but that is not your job, and doing that on a monthly basis is going to eat a lot of time. Plus, most 401(k) programs have lockout periods wherein changes can't be made without incurring additional fees (related to distributions, etc). And if you're checking that often, you are [likely] losing the benefits of investing in mutual funds to start with. If you have the stomach to handle the risk, go for the high-risk investment vehicles early in your career - you can afford a 30% drop this year if you then make 105%, 15%, or 50% back each of the next 5. If, on the other hand, you're in your mid-career, switch to more conservative management tactics."
How do we work? The companies listed on our website pay us a conversion fee whenever you sign up to them from glimp. This means we can give Kiwis free access to valuable information, and advertise local businesses at the same time. It’s a win-win!
Rent should be nailed to costs + a pre-defined profit limit. Anything above the profit margin gets taxed away.  Instead, people are gouged of a good portion of their incomes while landlords make out like bandits.  Although I imagine the response to such a scheme would just be convoluted accounting tricks.
"It is quite blatantly an excuse, given that there has been substantial wage growth when government was large and substantial wage stagnation when government was small.  While the two are not quite entirely correlated, the association exists well enough to contradict the predictions of Austrian ""economics""."
Didn't realize there was so much vitriol in the company. (via first link in article to Brad Reese's blog: http://www.bradreese.com/blog/8-7-2014.htm).  Kind of reminds me of HP during the Carla Fiorina days. HP in my opinion started their downward spiral around that time. Especially after they ousted the HP families.
&gt; I believe transparency when it comes to our food is important.   Totally agreed. Here's my amateur solution:  All food companies are required to have the answers to a set of questions available, via email or website, phone, or standard mail. Those questions are determined by a combination of independent panel and consumer polling. What those questions are may change over time, allowing for a reasonably generous grace period for the companies to prepare.  For example, if consumers really have to know what GM ingredients are in their food, for whatever (asinine) reasons, then fine. Require the company to answer. If consumers really want to know what color shoes the workers wear, then so be it.  I also think we need a series of third party organizations, rather than the USDA Organic system we have. What's acceptable and what isn't is super arguable, and rather than just taking the standard that exists (which IMO is not meaningful), folks can choose which standard they wish to head. Combined with the mandated transparency above, this would lower costs by removing the need for active investigation, and lead to more informed decision making on the part of the consumers.
Get your home a double hung, upvc window and beat the heat this summer with Enertec Window and Door Systems. Enjoy the comfort of best in class products brought to you at extremely affordable prices. Visit our website to know more.
I don't like going to the movies, therefore everyone should stop going to the movies.  What a ridiculous notion. Maybe everyone should stop listening to music, watching tv shows, playing video games and reading books? Or do you only support boycotts of easily copyrighted and easily pirated media that you already don't consume (ie. blockbuster films) that way you can feel self righteous about your valiant efforts of denying consumerism without actually doing anything different or making any conscious effort at all to change your own lifestyle while mandating that all others change theirs?  Thanks, by no thanks. I'd rather pay 15 bucks to see David finchers remake of a girl with a dragon tattoo and another 15 for Christopher Nolan's dark knight rises so that these talented directors can continue to have the financial resources to further push the envelope of high budget cinematic achievements (that i consider as art).
Free Wire Transfers You get better deals on wire transfer fees from brokerage firms and mutual fund companies. Vanguard doesn’t charge a wire transfer fee if the amount of the wire is over $5,000; the fee is only $5 if the amount is between $1,000 and $5,000. Fidelity doesn’t charge a wire transfer fee if your total household balance at Fidelity is above a certain amount ($15 otherwise). Schwab gives you three free domestic wire transfers per quarter if your total household balance at Schwab is above a certain amount ($25 otherwise). Incoming wires are free at Vanguard, Fidelity, and Schwab. Business checking accounts sometimes get free wire transfers. For example you get 10 free wire transfers every month (5 incoming, 5 outgoing) with HSBC’s free no-minimum-balance Business Direct checking account. Some premium level personal checking accounts also give free wire transfers. For example if you have Premier Checking at Northwest Federal Credit Union ($50,000 minimum balance or $10 monthly fee), you get free outgoing domestic wire transfers. The Vanguard information in that article appears to be dated: they seem to allow free outgoing wire transfers without caveat even from the minimal, fee-free account. I am aware of PNC's Performance Select checking account, which allows unlimited free domestic wire transfers. The fee for this account is $25 per month, which would be around $5 per weekly transfer. Alternatively, the fee is waived if you maintain a $5000 minimum balance or $5000 direct deposit.
"There's a reason that you get a discount code: to make you feel like you're getting a deal. A deal is what you get when there was something that you were already going to buy, and you got it for a lower price than you were going to originally spend on it. If you learn to look at ""rewards"" as a marketing ploy that is designed only to get your business, then it's easier to ignore them. But if you really do want a thing, and is is a thing that you are going to use, then by all means, go for it! Buy it, and use those rewards and enjoy them. Otherwise you're just giving your money to someone else for no good reason. And if you want to do that, you should just give it to me. At least I'm honest about it :)"
"In my opinion, you can't save too much for retirement. An extra $3120/yr invested at 8% for 30 years would give you $353K more at retirement.  If your ""good amount in my 401k"" is a hint that you don't want us to go in that direction, then how about saving for the child's college education? 15 years' savings, again at 8% will return $85K, which feels like a low number even in today's dollars, 15 years of college inflation and it won't be much at all.  Not sure why there's guilt around spending it. If one has no debt, good retirement savings level, and no pressing need to save for something else, enjoying one's money is an earned reward.  Even so, if you want a riskless 'investment' just prepay the mortgage. You'll see an effective return of the mortgage rate, 4%(?) or so, vs the .001% banks are paying. Of course, this creates a monthly windfall once the mortgage is paid off, but it buys you time to make this ultimate decision.  In the end, I'd respond that similar to Who can truly afford luxury cars?, one should produce a budget. I don't mean a set of constraints to limit spending in certain categories, but rather, a look back at where the money went last year and even the year before that. What will emerge are the things that are normal, the utility bills, tax bill, mortgage, etc, as well as the discretionary spending. If all your current saving is on track, the investment may be in experiences, not financial products."
Canine Dimensions Dog Training in Northern Virginia--To properly train a dog usually requires professionals to help you do it the right way. Dog training is a great way to have your dog behave, listen, get along with others, and become obedient. With the right dog training from Canine Dimensions you will be able to enjoy your dog for the rest of your life.
If this is a publicly traded company, I'd be thinking the shareholders should take a long hard look at this.  This is a man who hates his employees more than he likes money.  A spite-based decision is obviously going to be inferior to a money-based decision.  And shareholders want money.
One approach would be to create Journal Entries that debit asset accounts that are associated with these items and credit an Open Balance Equity account. The value of these contributions would have to be worked out with an accountant, as it depends on the lesser of the adjusted basis vs. the fair market value, as you then depreciate the amounts over time to take the depreciation as a business expense, and it adjusts your basis in the company (to calculate capital gains/losses when you sell). If there were multiple partners, or your accountant wants it this way, you could then debit open balance equity and credit the owner's contribution to a capital account in your name that represents your basis when you sell. From a pure accounting perspective, if the Open Balance Equity account would zero out, you could just skip it and directly credit the capital accounts, but I prefer the Open Balance Equity as it helps know the percentages of initial equity which may influence partner ownership percentages and identify anyone who needs to contribute more to the partnership.
The one thing we know for certain is that holding large amounts of cash isn't ideal - inflation will eat away at your wealth. It's understandable that you're hesitant to put all your wealth in common stock. The S&P 500's price/earnings is 18.7 right now - a little high by historical standards. But consider that the S&P 500 has given a CAGR of approximately 10% (not inflation-adjusted) since 1970. If you don't time the market correctly, you could miss out on considerable gains. So it's probably best to invest at least a portion of your wealth in common stocks, and just accept the risk of short-term losses. You'll likely come out ahead in the long run, compared to an investor who tries to time the market and ends up holding cash positions for too long. If you really think US stocks are overpriced, you could look at other markets, but you'll find similar P/Es in Europe and Japan. You could try an emerging market fund like VEMAX if you have the risk tolerance. Let's say you're not convinced, and don't want to invest heavily in stocks right now. In the current market, safe cash alternatives like Treasury bills offer very low yields - not enough to offset inflation tax. So I would invest in a diversified portfolio of long-term bonds, real estate, maybe precious metals, and whatever amount of stock you're comfortable with.
How the ruddy hell can a business keep on reporting increase in profits year over year, especially an entity like mcdonalds in a field like fast food. Deeply entrenched in a fast paced competition, and yet stable with its universal brand recognition. Unless you expand into fringe markets like infant fast food or some bizarre explored stuff like that.
The information on GOOG or other sites is the average price of the stock and is indicative of the price at with the stock would be available. The actual trades happen at different values throught the day ...  So the prices are good for most purposes and if you need the exact prices, you can thne decided to log into you trading terminal and get the actual quotes   This is similar to FX quotes or any other such quotes and give you a general sense
Posting professional links to contact a congressman or the CEO of some company is probably fine, but don't post anything inviting harassment, don't harass, and don't cheer on or vote up obvious vigilantism GO ON AND ASK A BANKER, ASK ANY OF EM GUARANTEED CONTACT INFORMATION. AS HIGH AS IT GETS. HOME ADDRESSES AND #s  http://www.contact-the-ceo.com/bank-of-america-ceo.html   http://www.contact-the-ceo.com/bank-of-america-ceo.html   http://www.contact-the-ceo.com/bank-of-america-ceo.html   http://www.contact-the-ceo.com/bank-of-america-ceo.html
Net neutrality has nothing to do with whether or not the NYT is allowed to charge you for a subscription.   It's about making sure that ISPs can't charge you more for the privilege of accessing the NYTimes instead of using the news sites they control or choose to allow for free.
A few years ago, I did something like this at a Wells Fargo; I realized I could put money into an IRA a few days before 4/15, and was able to walk in to the main branch and do the whole thing in under an hour.
There are many financial reasons why a bank would not want to allow this. While making a note of them does not answer your question, I think it's important to note why traditional CD products do not allow such contributions. Below are two reasons. If a bank wanted to offer such a product they could hypothetically create mechanisms to account for the above And guess what these types of accounts exist ... they are called savings accounts. They allow regular deposits, but often have variable interest rates, charge fees if you don't make regular deposits, or offer interest rates below a typical CD. Note you say you understand what a CD ladder is, but you haven't explained why you don't want to do it. It sounds like what you want is the convenience of a savings account but with the higher interest rate of a CD. Unfortunately, you have to give up a bit of interest if you want this convenience.
There could be worse ideas.  You could keep shoveling money at things that haven't worked.  It's not that far from Chicago; the shores of Lake Michigan (Michigan side, obviously) are already a top weekend getaway spot for Chicagoans.  I wish them luck -
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-economy-idUSKBN19U11N) reduced by 79%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; LONDON The chances of Britain&amp;#039;s economy picking up steam diminished further on Monday as surveys showed major companies have curtailed their investment plans and that consumers spent less on their credit cards.  &gt; The survey&amp;#039;s findings have proven a good predictor for the BoE&amp;#039;s own investment intentions survey which BoE officials watch closely as part of their monitoring of Britain&amp;#039;s economy.  &gt; Rate-setter Michael Saunders said last week he was &amp;quot;Reasonably confident&amp;quot; that an improvement in exports and investment would more or less offset the consumer slowdown.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6mkilz/big_uk_firms_curtail_investment_plans_consumer/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~164319 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **survey**^#1 **BoE**^#2 **investment**^#3 **Deloitte**^#4 **year**^#5"
Brinker Creek. Located 3 miles west of Highway 131 and southwest of Yampa. Hunting unit 26, timber consists of oak and Aspen. Has irrigated hay meadows. Good elk and deer hunting, this lease also has antelope. Lodging consist of excellent log cabin, that will sleep 6. Furnished. Has Brinker creek running through the property for two and a half miles, excellent fishing in the area. Very close to Routt National Forest. Has landlocked BLM on it. Has ridges and Aspen bottoms, with a  8 differ drainage running through it. http://www.coloradoprivateranches.com/a/lease-2-brinker-creek-ranch-g-five-2-2800-per-hunter-.html
I would suggest that oil stocks are going down due to reduced earnings predictions.  The market may go too far in selling off oil and oil-related stocks.  You may be able to pick up a bargain, but beware that prices may continue to fall in the short to medium term.
"Well, perhaps ""have a dedicated tax advisor"" is an answer then. I   wouldn't have thought of this, as it's not specifically about   taxation, is it? Or more broadly ""consult with a dedicated   professional for the situation in detail""... Yes, that is the only real answer you can get. Anything else will vary between highly localized to entirely incorrect. Pensions are rarely defined benefit anymore, and not many countries still keep state-sponsored defined benefit pension plans. For most, what's left is Social Security system, which is in no way a pension. This is an insurance, and is paid as tax which is rarely refundable (but you won't always have to pay it if you're a foreigner in the country). Usually, Social Security benefits are only available to citizens and (/or, in some rare cases) residents of that country. So it is unlikely (although possible) that you'll benefit from social security payments of more than one country. Some countries have totalization treaties that make your social security payments in one count in the other. If you're in a country that has such an agreement with the Netherlands - you're lucky. Your personal pension savings are basically tax-deferred investment accounts. But tax deferral in one country doesn't necessarily work in another. In the US you have 401k or IRA accounts, but in your own country they may very well be taxable. So you gain the tax deferral in the US, but if your own country taxes them - you lost the benefit, and you will still have to abide by the US tax rules when taking the money out. If you don't plan properly you can easily be hit by double taxation in such cases. Bottom line, you need to plan your pension savings on your own, privately, with a good and solid tax advice (and pension planning advice) that would be relevant to all the countries that you are tax resident at at any given time (you can easily be resident for tax purposes in more than one country). These advisers have to take into account the laws of the countries involved, the tax treaties between themselves and between them and the country of your citizenship,  and the future countries you're planning on visiting or getting old at. Its complicated, and most likely you won't be able to predict everything, especially because the laws and treaties tend to change over time."
I saw this 9 days ago, then saw this on shark tank a few days ago.   Shark Tank - Worst Pitch Ever #3 - Tycoon Real Estate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eP7BWMLHjOk   Googled Tycoon, and it looks like they sold out. Anyways, thought I'd share.  upequity
Is this a reasonable goal or will it be impossible to get a loan with   my almost non-existent income? I know I can put estimated rental revenue as income, but I'm not sure   if I would qualify. Banks typically only count rental income after you've been collecting it for two years, and at that point the banks will count 75% of it as income for loan qualification purposes.  You'd have to qualify for the mortgage without the potential rental income. Currently that means a 43% debt (including proposed mortgage) to gross income ratio. Even if you qualify, you have to be prepared to handle repairs, HVAC/water-heater could fail on day 1, and tenants have a right to withhold rent if some repairs aren't made. You also have to be able to weather non-payment/eviction of a tenant. You could find a co-signor, maybe go in on a house with a friend, but there are risks and complications that can arise there if a party becomes unable to pay, or deciding how to split equity and expenses.  If you had the income/capital to comfortably pull it off without tenants, then that'd be a great situation, college rentals tend to be lucrative (I'd recommend getting tenants with parental co-signers to reduce risk). If you qualify but would be in trouble quickly if one tenant stopped paying, or a major appliance needed to be replaced, then it's probably not worth the risk.
"The U.S. requires money transfer services to be licensed under 31 USC 5330 in addition to any applicable laws at the state level.  According to multiple sources online, including the thread referenced by MD-Tech's answer, OkPay either cannot or will not get a license, so they are out. I dug on this a bit more because I thought it was interesting, and OkPay has other issues with U.S. and other regulators related to its interaction with Bitcoins, which themselves are a hot potato for regulation right now and may explain the licensing problem.  It seems to also be facing regulatory pressure in other countries, by the way, so it's not strictly a problem they face in the U.S.  Just for whatever reason, the problem is greater here.  Some interesting summary points: With mounting pressure on online money exchanges from US regulators, payments processor OKPay has announced that it is suspending processing for all Bitcoin exchanges, including industry leader Mt. Gox. ... Earlier this month, the US Department of Homeland Security seized Mt. Gox's account with mobile payment processor Dwolla, on allegations that the account was in violation of US Code 18 USC § 1960 by operating an ""unlicensed money transmitting business."" Just where the Bitcoin market falls under US law is unclear, because the legality of Bitcoin transactions has yet to be tried in court and law enforcement has refused to comment on ongoing investigations, such as the Dwolla case. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/05/29/okpay_suspends_bitcoin_processing/ In March, the US Treasury said any firms dealing in the virtual currency would be considered ""money services businesses"" just like any other, which means they must hand over transaction information to the government and work to prevent money laundering. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/05/15/mt_gox_us_court/ In the UK, it apparently has also had trouble with banking partners (quoting a OkPay official regarding changing bank providers): The UK bank that we used before did not make a final decision on whether to handle transactions in favour of crypto-currencies or not. Therefore the compliance department of the bank asked us to restrict such transfers. This apparently allowed them to reverse a policy in the UK: OKPAY's policy shift comes just months after it stipulated that GBP users check a box, verifying that their funds would not be spent on cryptocurrency, a feature that further incited users. http://www.coindesk.com/okpay-gbp-bitcoin-transactions/ I hadn't heard of this company prior to your question, but having done some research, I tend to think that at least the part of this quote about language, attributed to a user, is true: OKPAY are quite paranoid about AML and another problem is that their support people seem to be very bad at English, so their replies are often hard to understand. Their support are also slow [sic]. However in my experience they are an honest company. I found at least one case where rumors that the entire company were going to shut down were traced back to a poorly translated message issued by the company. Again, I know only what I read just now about this company, but it looked like there were a few red flags - the problems with the US probably not being the most important.  This type of service is probably part of the future, but I'm not sure that I'd send money through it now in its current state or organization and regulation."
&gt;At some point you can no longer take on more debt even if you wanted to. If global and domestic investors think you are going to be a risky investment then they cut you off.  The *issuer* of a currency can't be cut off from spending in the currency they issue.
First, if you haven't seen it yet, check out the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service's I Don't Have My Refund page.  It discusses different things that can go wrong with receiving your refund and what to do about it. From your post, it sounds like you've tried all of the normal things to do, and you've tried calling in to the IRS.  What you might not know is that there are local IRS offices that you can visit and talk to a real person face-to-face.  Hopefully, you'll find someone helpful there who can either explain to you what is going on or put you in touch with someone who can help.  To find your local IRS office, go to the Contact Your Local IRS Office page and click on the Office Locator button.  Office visits are generally by appointment only, so you'll need to call the number for the office you want to visit and make an appointment. Alternatively, if you can't get anywhere with the IRS, you could contact the Taxpayer Advocate Service, which is an independent organization within the IRS that exists to help people with disputes with the IRS, and they have an office in every state.  You could try contacting them and seeing if they can help you with your issue. To answer your question about this year's tax return: At least for the federal return, your refund from last year does not really affect this year's tax return.  You should be able to file this year's return no matter what happens with last year's refund.  That having been said, you should get the refund matter straightened out as soon as you can. Good luck.
Agreed. A fair wage outweighs a tip every time (for the consumer anyway, not a guarantee for the worker).   The more services that can be had via an app that takes any of the worry regarding who to tip / how much out of the equation the better.
The CIA employs people to monitor tweets, not to delete them if it doesn't fit with the views of the Democratic Party, huge difference. I would be surprised if they didn't monitor tweets, its a huge amount of free and open information.   However, lots of sites, like youtube, have monitors like this to try to prevent copyright infringement, a much more disturbing parallel.
The reason they want the transaction to go through is because they make money that way. Remember the overdraft protection might incur a fee. If it does their experience may show them that the fee is a greater source of profit when balanced against the losses incurred because of insufficient funds. Even free overdraft transactions are limited. If they didn't want to make money they would have a way to make sure that multiple overdrafts in a short time window wouldn't require multiple protection events. Remember each time they transfer funds they only bring you to zero. As it is now the coffee you buy after putting money on your subway fare card might also trigger an overdraft transfer.
Only select items. First - I agree, beware the Goldfish Factor - any of those items may very well lead to greater consumption, which will impact your waistline worse than your bottom line. And, in this category, chips, and snacks in general, you'll typically get twice the size bag for the same price as supermarket. For a large family, this might work ok. If one is interested in saving on grocery items, the very first step is to get familiar with the unit cost (often cents per ounce) of most items you buy. Warehouse store or not, this knowledge will make you a better buyer.  In general, the papergoods/toiletries are cheaper than at the store but not as cheap as the big sale/coupon cost at the supermarket or pharmacy (CVS/RiteAid). So if you pay attention you may always be stocked up from other sources. All that said, there are many items that easily cover our membership cost (for Costco). The meat, beef tenderloin, $8.99, I can pay up to $18 at the supermarket or butcher. Big shrimp (12 to the lb), $9.50/lb, easily $15 at fish dept. Funny, I buy the carrots JCarter mentioned. They are less than half supermarket price per lb, so I am ahead if we throw out the last 1/4 of the bag. More often than not, it's used up 100%.  Truth is, everyone will have a different experience at these stores. Costco will refund membership up to the very end, so why not try it, and see if the visit is worth it? Last year, I read and wrote a review of a book titled The Paradox of Choice. The book's premise was the diminishing return that come with too many things to choose from. In my review, I observed how a benefit of Costco is the lack of choice, there's one or two brands for most items, not dozens. If you give this a bit of thought, it's actually a benefit.
Silver and gold are money. They always have been. When the Euro collapses (soon) and dollar inflation enters the steep part of the parabolic curve of death please remember this conversation. Please remember that by trying to look smart you didn't invest in gold and silver.
18% top line growth, and a resulting 22% increase in their bottom line (on a GAAP basis). Annualized revenues come in at $13.6b - assuming no seasonality in the summer months and stagnant growth.   This gives us an implied valuation multiple of ~5x estimated annual revenues, which, for a tech company blasting in popularity, isn't the worst we've seen in this environment.    I don't have enough details of what volume stock comp, scaling/infrastructure costs, and professional fees are driving the loss.  Maybe their cash flows from operations are solid, maybe not.  Regardless, the top line growth and operating leverage are impressive. My two cents.
THEIR NAMES ARE GOGO AND KELLY. Our African Grey babies are very sweet, enjoy being with their humans and are well socialized. We offer a warranty with your purchase. So call today if your interested in having us raise a baby for you and/or your family. Visit now: http://classicexoticbirds.com/product/gogo-and-kelly-parrot-in-america/
A matching pension scheme is like free money. No wait, it actually IS free money. You are literally earning 100% interest rate on that money the instant you pay it in to the account. That money would have to sit in your credit card account for at least five years to earn that kind of return; five years in which the pension money would have earned an additional return over and above the 100%. Mathematically there is no contest that contributing to a matching pension scheme is one of the best investment there is. You should always do it. Well, almost always. When should you not do it?
"SECTION | CONTENT :--|:-- Title | Jamie Oliver Shows School Kids How Chicken Nuggets are made Description | As part of his school lunches program, Jamie Oliver tries to take on the most stubborn kids. He decides to show them how Chicken Nuggets are made - by blending the skin and ""mechanically reclaimed"" meat. Length | 0:02:36           ****   ^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&amp;subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)"
Can't really blame them. It's bad enough just trying to stay regional much less within the US. Levi's built a manufactoring plant in Haiti and just walked away from it without making anything. I wonder if the manufacturing could take place on an oil tanker traveling back and forth from India?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-06-21/the-wrong-kind-of-entrepreneurs-flourish-in-america) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; In an influential 2014 paper, Thomas Philippon speculated that financial industry profits and salaries rose spectacularly since 1980 because banks, securities firms and fund-management companies found new methods for extracting rent.  &gt; Big companies are shelling out increasingly big bucks for patents, just to shield them against competitors&amp;#039; lawsuits.  &gt; Some states forbid car companies from selling directly to buyers, while others protect credit-card companies by banning retailers from passing on swipe fees.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6j3gaq/the_wrong_kind_of_entrepreneurs_flourish_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~151063 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **company**^#1 **Rent**^#2 **big**^#3 **new**^#4 **government**^#5"
Good time to mention the US is also the only country (besides Eritrea) to tax citizens on their worldwide income *regardless of their residency.* And yes, this is very strongly enforced against Average Joes who happen to have dual citizenship but have lived in Canada or UK or what not for the past 30 years. Through FATCA they've coerced global banks to hand them account data on all US citizens.  Who knew a country borne out of a tax protest against an empire would become the most imperialist tax regime in the world?
Every guy has usually more sexual thoughts than ladies, that is clearly proved. More difficult is than having to choose between several guys for the reliable partner. Some guys like to housewife and he wants to housewife sex.  You can basically make relatively good experiences at our online dating service. Therefore is a completely clear matter. The real love seeks every man, at any rate, you'll find it once. Whole easy to find the right partner through  Audating Site.
"There's an old saying:  ""Never invest in anything that eats or needs maintenance."" This doesn't mean that a house or a racehorse or private ownership of your own company is not an investment.  It just points out that constant effort is needed on your part, or on the part of somebody you pay, just to keep it from losing value.  Common stock, gold, and money in the bank are three things you can buy and leave alone.  They may gain or lose market value, but not because of neglect on your part. Buying a house is a complex decision.  There are many benefits and many risks. Other investments have benefits and risks too."
There are a few options that I know of, but pretty much every one of them will cost more than you want to pay in fees, probably.  You should be able to write a check/cheque to yourself.  You might check with your US bank branch to see how much of a limit they'd have.  You can also use a Canadian ATM card at a US ATM.  The final option would be to use a Canadian credit card for all of your purchases in the US, and then pay the bill from the Canadian bank account.  I don't recommend the last option because if you're not careful to pay off the bill every month, you're running up debt.  Also, it's hard to pay some kinds of expenses by credit card, so you'd want a way to have cash available. Another option would be to use a service like Paypal or Hyperwallet to send yourself the money.  Again, you'd be paying fees, but these might be cheaper than what the bank would charge. There may be other options, but these are the ones I'm aware of.  Whatever you choose, look carefully at what the fees would be, and how long you'd have to wait to get the money.  If you can plan ahead a bit, and take larger chunks of money at a time, that should help keep the fees down a bit.  I believe there's also a point where you start having to report these transfers to the US government.  The number $10,000 stick in my head, but they may have changed that recently.
"I love this part:  &gt;...and that theft is being combined with consumer fraud…Consumers are purchasing these goods, they’re sending their credit card information to these anonymous offshore companies, and they’re receiving defective goods.  They try to turn it around to make it sound like they're on our side. ""We're fighting *for* you! We're trying to protect you from the bad guys!"""
When it comes to photographic representation of an art work, Geclee is one of the best methods. It is widely used today for display and decoration purposes. Geclee is popular for many reasons. If you have an art work that you want to display at your home or in an exhibition, then Geclee is the best option.
"&gt;No, virtually ever item in the CPI is adjusted using hedonics, which by definition can only be used to lower inflation, not adjust it up.  Wow. Just wow.  Let's analyze this:  &gt;virtually ever item in the CPI is adjusted using hedonics  How does one apply hedonics to energy? There are so many items in the CPI basket for which this does not even make sense I don't know where to begin with such a blanket statement. [Here is how the BLS computes CPI](http://www.bls.gov/cpi/cpifaq.htm#Question_6). Note the categories, and that they currently track hundreds of goods in each of about 200 categories, totaling tens of thousands of goods. With a little digging you can find the weighting. [Here is the list of what they apply hedonic weights to](http://www.bls.gov/cpi/cpihqaitem.htm). It is a vastly smaller subset of all goods tracked, and the weightings makes them not affect overall CPI much *at all*. All the precise methodologies are listed on the BLS site, and you can track it all down. As stated below, someone has done the analysis (and there is a PDF on the site) and they obtained that incuding hedonic items affects inflation only by 0.005 percent per year.   &gt;which by definition can only be used to lower inflation  By your definition? The actual definition does not force either direction. In reality it adjusts up and down as clearly shown in BLS reports, which I'll link below.   &gt;, not adjust it up.  As I'll list below, it in fact does go both ways.  Finally, analysis of hedonics seems to indicate it has a miniscule effect on inflation rates, again papers are cited in the link shown below.  [Critics often incorrectly assume that BLS only adjusts for quality increases, not for decreases, and that hedonic adjustments have a large downward impact on the CPI. On the contrary, BLS has used hedonic models in the CPI shelter and apparel components for roughly two decades, and on average hedonic adjustments usually increase the rate of change of those indexes. Since 1998, hedonic models have been introduced in several other components, mostly consumer durables such as personal computers and televisions, but these newer areas have a combined weight of only about one percent in the CPI. A recent article by BLS economists estimated that the hedonic models currently used in the CPI outside of the shelter and apparel areas have increased the annual rate of change of the All Items CPI, but by only about 0.005 percent per year.](http://www.bls.gov/cpi/cpiqa.htm#Question_4).  &gt;inflation represents how the value of the dollar has accrued vs the value of a 20"" TV, which is what the definition of inflation is.  No, inflation must measure the price *of the same good* over time. When some goods are no longer available, other goods must be investigated to provide continuity in the comparisons. Otherwise you'll have me comparing the price of a horse to the price of a car since they both provide transportation, yet over time one replaces the other, and direct comparisons on $ alone does not accurately measure what one gets for their money.  You cannot compare the cost of different goods purely on price alone and call that inflation.  &gt;So, no, I don't think you're correct on this.  Well, [since other places that track inflation](http://bpp.mit.edu/) arrive at very similar results using different methodologies, and a vastly larger pool of goods I think that you overstate that the changes did not increase accuracy of inflation measurement.  &gt;This is also kind of glossing over the fact that the CPI essentially makes the bold argument that energy and transportation prices never affect inflation.  CPI makes no such claim. What do you think caused inflation in the early 1970s when oil prices shot up? [Here is the most recent CPI data release from BLS](http://www.bls.gov/news.release/cpi.nr0.htm) which quite clearly shows both energy and transportation changes being reflected in the CPI.  I think when you make a claim you should at least look up if it matches the actual data. This is tiring trying to find evidence for/against so many dogmatic beliefs."
Necklaces are extra like a sign of class within the present iteration. Humans could have a lot of options and designs to prefer from jewelers and will have an opportunity to create their own design situated on the supply. It's certainly a excellent funding for folks to purchase any form of awesome name necklace, because it could aid you construct a fame and fetch extra money someday. Necklaces would on the whole be luxurious than any other pieces of jewelry, because the utilization of metallic would normally be high than other kinds.
Why does everything have to be low margin and low cost? Why can't it be decent healthy products and jobs, and consumers paying the cost because your average consumer is getting paid more.   As far as an agenda, what better agenda than supporting people getting paid a livable wage, and both the employees and company thriving!
I think cash, travelers checks (little iffy about this one: they're legal tender cash equivalents), and money orders are the only ones that you'd be a little weird to not accept. You certainly don't have to accept regular checks, credit cards, or barter. In the end though, you don't HAVE to accept anything. Accept only small bills, accept only checks from certain banks, accept only the diners card.  Your sale, your rules.
Jesus, I hate this.  They aren't doing you a favor, no sane person would consent to being tracked by a company.  Congrats, uber, on no longer being an asshat, but why companies doing what they're supposed to do is newsworthy is beyond me.  It's like a headline saying that ikea will no longer rob you at gunpoint.
The IRS no longer requires that employers submit all W4 forms, but they can request a W4 for an employee at any time, and putting false information on your W4 is still a punishable offense.   I agree that having a return is like giving the Treasury Department an interest-free loan for the year, but unfortunately paying the appropriate amount of withholding tax is required.   There is some ambiguous information regarding an employer adjusting the amount of withholding, but it seems to mean that they can withhold more than the estimated rate, but never less than what is calculated using the deductions on your W4. See the link for more details: IRS Tax Withholding
Options do act, somewhat, like insurance.... However.... An insurance policy will not have such short term expiration time frames. A 20 year term life insurance policy can be thought of as insurance with an expiration. But the expiration on options is in weeks, not decades.  So (IMO) options make terrible insurance policies because of the very short term expirations they have.
If you repair your phone, when your current balance is paid off, could you get the same coverage for less money? Or would your monthly payment remain the same regardless? That would be the easiest comparison to make.  ie: Pay an extra $49 to have the phone replaced [ie: the cost of using the insurance program for $149, vs the cost of buying out your plan for $100], get a slightly worse phone instead of upgrading, but save $15 / month for the next 2 years. This would pay off economically within 3-4 months, but the phone would be older (not sure if you care about that).
This is horse-trading, *not business*.  But if Person 2 has an offer for 38K, then the item is sold, and he's not even talking to you. But if he IS talking to you, and he has a deal with the 38K man, and you offer 39K, and he accepts, that is known as gazumping; backing out of an agreed sale for a higher offer.  Given that a verbal agreement is legally binding - gazumping is illegal.  BUT! Sale price is always dependent on two things; a willing seller and a willing buyer. Without these two things, no sale can take place. And price is immaterial unless one of the parties is mentally deficient; if both parties agree to a sale price, then a valid sale can take place.  People place different values on things, and that is why an item can sell, and both parties can be happy! You might have been happy to pay 40K for the item, and consider 39 a bargain. The seller might only have wanted 35, but wanted to see how high he could push you, to try to find out what YOUR highest possible price is for the item.  If you are actually in business, then trading on lies is a recipe for failure. Uber is a great example of company founded on lies, which exploits morons, and which operates illegally in every location. Uber will never succeed, because it does not operate in a truthful, transparent, or legal manner.  Practicing lying in business is a great way to get a bad reputation really quickly. And in many instances, lying will be breaking the law. Lying about warranties, materials, things like that.
Suck it up. You will need the experience. Also have to remember pretty much wherever you start your first few years will be awful, truly awful; especially considering you will probably work for an american bank, which are notorious for long hours and face time.  Even if you learn nothing you can still say you did. Having that on your CV is worth miles more than nothing.
&gt; Paternity leave. The situation now allows managers to hire a man over a woman because he can't take off when he has a child. Requiring that he be offered the same or similar option reduces or eliminates that incentive for hiring a man instead of a woman.  This is a good idea.  Of course, with every upside there is a downside. The downside is that it will become an age-discrimination thing, and all people under 40 will have a harder time getting jobs.  **edit: took the wrong quote**
"Its worse than ""won't create jobs"".  It will destroy jobs.  The main reasoning is partly in the article:  ""tax rates don't matter if an investment is a good idea""  Job destruction occurs because there is less of a tax deduction for spending:  http://www.naturalfinance.net/2012/04/economic-justification-for-taxes-and.html  Executive assistants, newer computers, phones and company cars, conferences in Hawaii are all non-essential spending that when there is less of a tax deduction for that spending, get cut.  Normally investments are risky.  Paying for a google ad if it fails, at least gives a tax deduction.  Lower tax rates, means failures cause all of that investment to be lost."
As mentioned in the comments: According to the message from the exchange all trades at or below $5.86 that were executed in NASDAQ between 09:38:00 and 09:46:00 ET got canceled.  If the short doesn't fall into those criteria but the long does, though luck the long is invalid, the short is valid.  Traders that got the short end of the stick in the end, should contact their brokers and inquire about this situation. Depending on the terms of the broker the short might get canceled as well. If not, then it's up to the market. The trader can keep or close the short. IMO, what the person in question should have done is hold on to the trade and see what happens at the end of the trading day.  He should've realized something was wrong when the price went from 8.xx to 0.8x.
Not all miles carry the same amount of risk. A survey by Progressive indicated that accidents are most likely to occur within 5 miles of home, and 77% of accidents occur within 15 miles of home. Only 1% of accidents occurred 50 or more miles from home. That's from 2002, but it seems unlikely to have changed much. Since the miles closest to your home carry more risk, they cost more, and low-mileage discounts reflect that. There are per-mile insurance options in a few states which could save you money, but they do constant monitoring via that ODB2 telematics device, and other insurers offer discounts if you accept their monitoring either in perpetuity or for a limited period of time.  Without monitoring, insurers don't know if that 4,000 miles of driving is spread into a few mid-day trips each week, or maybe you're doing all that driving from midnight to 4am on weekends (fatalities far more likely), or from 5-7pm during weekdays (accidents far more likely). Personally, I save ~10% by being a 'low-mileage' driver, and am currently in the middle of a 90-day monitoring, so might go lower, but given that accidents are far more likely close to home, 10% feels pretty significant and appropriate.
So what you are saying is that it makes no difference whether we have low wage workers for lower prices (and consequently less money to be spent back into the economy by low wage people ) or high wage workers and higher prices (and in this case more money to be spent back into the economy by high wage workers) ?
Its sad to watch how selfish the reddit community is.  These people only care about what will make THEIR lives easier.  So many of these people working for Walmart are because of a horrible socioeconomic status.  They had bad parents, poor schooling, and horrible peers.  They had little chance to make something of their selves, and most has zero.  Instead of having compassion for these people, you shun them.  Humanity really doesn't deserve to be blessed with so much potential and a planet like this.
But how often can you really do this? I get texts from my friends all the time regarding any big games on so the tape delay doesn't work. Also sports are a mostly social viewing experience and lend themselves to the sports bar or BBQ environment where again the tape delay won't work.
lets sat If I buy a house on company's name, It will declared as expense and will deduct from profit. but I am not sure If I can rent it out as a IT LTD company. that's my questions. Buying a house is not an expense, it is a transfer of assets.  The house itself, is an asset.  So if you have $100,000 in cash, buy a house for $35,000, your total assets will remain the same ($100,000), but your asset mix will be different (instead of $100,000 in cash, you now have $65,000 in cash, and $35,000 in property). You can expense the costs associated with buying the house (e.g. taxes, interest, legal fees), but the house itself stays on the asset side of your balance sheet.  To refine the example above, if you buy the house for $35,000, and pay $5,000 in misc fees related to purchasing the house, your assets are now $95,000 ($60,000 in cash, $35,000 in house): the $5,000 reduction is from the actual fees associated with the purchase.  It is these fees that lower your profit. Being not familiar with UK rules, in Canada and the US, and likely the UK, you would then depreciate the house over its useful life.  The depreciation expense is deducted from your annual net income. If you rent out the house, what you can do is expense any maintenance fees, taxes, etc., on the house itself.  This expense will count as a negative towards the rental income, lowering your effective taxable income from the rental.  E.g. rent out a flat at $1,000/month, but your property taxes are $3,500/year, so your net income for tax purposes (i.e. your taxable income in this case) is $12,000-$3,500=$8,500.
Hello all, Ive recently accepted a job at one of the big banks as a marketer. Ideally this role leads to becoming a financial advisor. I was wondering if there is anyone here has experience with that career path-starting as a marketer and becoming an FA- and if it was worth doing it over going to grad school or whatever other career interests you had. Also, what were your hours like when you first started? Ive heard horror stories about people coming in before 7 and staying after 7...
You can use a used paint brush to scrub the frame and loosen the dust and the same technique can also be implemented on uPVC Windows and windows as well. The dust, dirt, cobwebs, etc., can be further removed using a vacuum cleaner. You should totally avoid abrasive sponges and clothes along with harsh creams and cleaning solutions, as they might cause permanent damage to uPVC windows as well as awning windows Melbourne.
Well first of all, they clawed back 75 mln of those bonuses paid out, so they really didn't get paid that money.  Second, not every executive, not even probably more than one executive, was even aware this was happening. There is one who **might** have known it was happening, but the reality is that a lot of these decisions and plans are implemented several levels down from the executive team. The executives do not get involved in day to day shit typically.  Third, those bonuses to executives are paid out in stock options. Stock options glean their value from the price of the stock. If the stock price goes down, then their bonuses lose value or become worthless, essentially meaning that they get reductions in pay or no bonus when the stock price goes down. So if the scandal had no affect on the stock price, why wouldn't they get paid their bonuses? The stock is the best indicator of the public's reaction to the entirety of the bank.
Well, it sounds like you have two options: 1) Continue to jointly own the house. 2) Compensate her for her equity and get the title transferred.  I hate to tell you this, but she is entitled to half of the equity regardless of how much she paid into it. That said, she is still on the hook equally for the loan amount, but it won't do you any good if she is not willing to pay. Also, option 2 probably isn't a good deal for your co-signer as she would still be liable for the entire loan loan (just as you are) regardless of the title.
"If anyone on Reddit actually knew anything about what it takes to run a business let alone a construction business they would keel over their keyboard in a panic attack. It's gonna cost 500 just for the permit. Not to mention you need to pay the state every year to take a test to say you are even qualified to ask for a permit. Then they have the highest unemployment insurance out of any industry then they have the highest liability insurance rates aside from doctors. Then you have to pay someone to accept your dumpster full of old roof garage. Then you all of your office overhead and supervisor for the job. Then when you do all of that really well and make a profit now you can expect to pay 30% taxes on what's leftover.    Everyone on Reddit thinks small business operates like Apple and Google dodging billions in taxes by being global. The truth is small businesses are like the ""poor"" people they employ. On a macro level they pay the brunt of the taxes in proportion to earnings so the 1% of large companies can dodge theirs."
&gt; the answer is compulsory higher education.  And just how are you going to do that? With the huge amount of people who barely can finish highschool, and to be honest, do not deserve even a highschool diploma.  And did you think about this: if everyone is so highly educated, will highly educated people get high salaries? Already a Bachelor degree is worthless to get a job or a good paying job. Actually, in North Carolina, a job opening to be a cashier at Mcdonald required a Bachelor degree.   As for high wage countries, they have enough of their own idiots who can barely finish high-school and they are janitors, cashiers, etc. When it comes to physically demanding low-skill jobs, they are almost all done by immigrants on a temporary visa.
"&gt; So, are you against Trump? Yes or no?  Yes, I think you would categorize me as against him but I don't think I'm against him but against the things I see him doing things that I do not think will make life better for the average American.  &gt; ...according to VOX (known fake-news anti-Trump ""news"" site)...  Vox does spin things left but that doesn't make their reporting fiction.  They directly quoted President Trump after that meeting when he said, ""I'll oppose anything that makes it harder for smaller, younger companies to take the risk of bringing their product to a vibrantly competitive market. That includes price-fixing by the biggest dog in the market, Medicare, which is what's happening.""  I think the quote is very clear that President Trump changed his position on Medicare negotiating with drug companies.  Do you disagree?  &gt; ...the amendment by Collins and McCaskill was passed last month and is sitting Trump's desk to be signed soon.  I don't know why you bring this up.  Their amendment is about streamlining the FDA and has nothing to do with my issue with President Trump, that he first supported and then opposed Medicare using its market share to get Americans lower cost drugs."
Actually it's much cheaper to just keep employees in the dark so they don't see the inequity. The more expensive option (in the short-term) is to do what this article suggests, so the company can keep employees happy, which makes us more productive and reduces the costs of constantly hiring new people. Unfortunately I think most employers would rather gamble that their employees will never find out (because it's taboo to ask how much your co-workers make), or are too scared to look for new jobs anyway.
In my opinion it depends on the type of product. I would get a warranty for a washing machine or tumble dryer or other product with lots of moving parts that is liable to break down. I also take into account my luck, the one washing machine I didn't get covered broke down 2 weeks outside the normal warranty period... I would not get a warranty for a consumer electronics product like a TV, PC, or iPod because they devalue so quickly. As a rule of thumb, if the model you buy today is going to be on sale for the next few years for around the same price and has moving parts, it is worth considering a warranty. If it will be worth a small percentage of its value because newer faster shinier models come along to replace it don't bother. I would also not get the warranty from the shop I bought the product from. You can get warranties for consumer products from specialist third parties that will allow you to cover multiple products for a discount. These work out a lot cheaper than the one the shop will give you. For example in the UK, DomGen will cover 3 appliances for £14.99/month and 6 for £20.99/month
The liars need to be called out how can this go on..  Prices are going up and wages flat is not deflation,  it's some horrible stagflation... And this is not semantics this is important because these doublethinkers use these words to set policy..   And yes it is caused by banks this economic situation,  QE for 9 years, massive debt bubble..   On top of this the banking conglomerates Now control even amazon.. http://www.nasdaq.com/symbol/amzn/ownership-summary  What an awesole that man is.
This could help the firm find the perfect match for you in their own bucket list. Listing down everything clearly would make a good impression and you might get a chance to take advantage of the vast network the executive search firms have. A recruiter could easily refer you to some other executive where you could be a good fit.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-17/superpower-india-to-replace-china-as-growth-engine) reduced by 73%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; By. India is poised to emerge as an economic superpower, driven in part by its young population, while China and the Asian Tigers age rapidly, according to Deloitte LLP. The number of people aged 65 and over in Asia will climb from 365 million today to more than half a billion in 2027, accounting for 60 percent of that age group globally by 2030, Deloitte said in a report Monday.  &gt; In contrast, India will drive the third great wave of Asia&amp;#039;s growth - following Japan and China - with a potential workforce set to climb from 885 million to 1.08 billion people in the next 20 years and hold above that for half a century.  &gt; Deloitte names the countries that face the biggest challenges from the impact of ageing on growth as China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, Singapore, Thailand and New Zealand.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/70rvoj/superpower_india_to_replace_china_as_growth_engine/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~211835 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **age**^#1 **growth**^#2 **Deloitte**^#3 **India**^#4 **workforce**^#5"
That article disproves itself: &gt;An entrepreneur can have the most brilliant idea in the world and plenty of funding to develop and sell it, but if customers can't afford to buy the company's products, the entrepreneur and his or her investors won't create a single permanent job.  They are forgetting that it's the ENTREPRENEUR's job to make a product that fits ALL the criteria (including being affordable), not just some. DUH. So Steve Jobs DID create jobs (albeit a lot of Chinese jobs).  Anyone who believes that the iphone didn't create jobs and an entire new market has a hole in their head. And that's coming from a guy who absolutely cannot stand iPhone, Apple, and Steve Jobs.
Yeah. The student run investment fund at my school valued Tesla and they're significantly overvalued. Their capital structure is way too much debt and given the capital intensity requirements of the industry, they're gonna be cash flow negative for a while.  They made 45% in three months bc of the capital gains but knew that shit wasnt stable lmao
Read about Upfront Mortgage Brokers. That site has a bunch of information on mortgages and brokers, including mistakes to avoid when shopping for a mortgage. You can also find lenders with upfront pricing. I've used it for shopping and you will find very competitive rates. I'm wary of brokers. When we sold our house, the buyers (young first time buyers) got screwed by an unscrupulous broker and didn't actually have a loan lined up. Delayed closing by 2 days while they scrambled to find a legit lender who could put together funding. The one time we used a broker (our first time), we got a deal that wasn't really as good as it should have been. (Hindsight.)
"To put a different spin on it, suppose you loaned someone $100K, expecting that they would pay it back, and then a little later they decided not too. They are perfectly capable of paying back the money, but just decided they didn't want to, and it seems the laws of your state said you couldn't make them. How would you feel about that? Since this is supposed to be an answer to the question, the answer is: ""only if you can't afford to repay it"". That's what foreclosure is supposed to be about, not you deciding you would rather not pay your debts. Let's not forget who pays that bill for you - every one of your bank's other customers. EDIT:For the people decrying the moral aspect and saying ""it's perfectly alright because the law says that's the punishment and I'm willing to pay it"", the law also says ""if you kill someone, you go to prison for life"". Does that mean that someone who decides they are going to kill someone has a perfect right to do it as long as they are prepared to take the consequences?"
There is no cancer coverup.  Where is the peer reviewed study conclusively linking glyphosate to cancer?  From the article:  &gt;Glyphosate is the world's most used herbicide. Companies like Monsanto, Syngenta and Bayer produce more than 800,000 metric tons of the subtance every year and sell it around the world. Farmers use the agent to clean the slate while preparing fields for the new sowing season, or spray it on potato or rapeseed fields to kill the plants just before maturity, making harvesting easier.  The popular agricultural chemical has been in use for more than 40 years and can now be found almost everywhere: in the urine of humans and animals, in milk, in beer, in ice cream, and above all in feed pellets from the United States and Brazil, which also end up being fed to German cattle and pigs.  So its use is widespread over 40 years and is pervasive in the environment.  And yet, billions of people are not getting cancer.
"I think you just sum up the program,....""TONS of smart people who simply lack the training ""...they lack the training because they just are not driven. In the age of the web and free content and courses for everything imaginable, why don't  these ""TONS"" train themselves? contribute to F/OSS projects? sharpen their coding chops? They ain't 5 year olds to be spoon-fed by MS or any company. If you are not self-starter and not driven, you likely aren't suited for the hyper competitive world of software."
"A company whose stock is available for sale to the public is called a publicly-held or publicly-traded company.  A public company's stock is sold on a stock exchange, and anyone with money can buy shares through a stock broker. This contrasts with a privately-held company, in which the shares are not traded on a stock exchange. In order to invest in a private company, you would need to talk directly to the current owners of the company. Finding out if a company is public or private is fairly easy.  One way to check this is to look at the Wikipedia page for the company.  For example, if you take a look at the Apple page, on the right sidebar you'll see ""Type: Public"", followed by the stock exchange ticker symbol ""AAPL"".  Compare this to the page for Mars, Inc.; on that page, you'll see ""Type: Private"", and no stock ticker symbol listed. Another way to tell: If you can find a quote for a share price on a financial site (such as Google Finance or Yahoo Finance), you can buy the stock.  You won't find a stock price for Mars, Inc. anywhere, because the stock is not publicly traded."
Your math is correct. As you point out, because of the commutative property of multiplication, Roth and traditional IRAs offer the same terminal wealth if your tax rate is the same when you pull it out as when you put it in.  Roth does lock in your tax rate as of today as you point out, which is why it frequently does not maximize wealth (most of us have a higher tax bracket when we are saving than when we are withdrawing from savings). There are a few other potential considerations/advantages of a Roth: Roth and traditional IRAs have the same maximum contribution amount.  This means the effective amount you can contribute to a Roth is higher ($5,500 after tax instead of before).  If this constraint is binding for you and you don't expect your tax rate to change, Roth is better. Roth IRAs allow you to withdraw your contributed money (not the gains) at any time without any tax or penalty whatsoever.  This can be an advantage to some who would like to use it for something like a down payment instead of keeping it all the way to retirement.  In this sense the Roth is more flexible. As your income becomes high, the deductibility of traditional IRA contributions goes to zero if you have a 401(k) at work (you can still contribute but can't deduct contributions).  At high incomes you also may be disallowed from contributing to a Roth, but because of the backdoor Roth loophole you can make Roth contributions at any income level and preserve the full Roth tax advantage. Which type of account is better for any given person is a complex problem with several unknowns (like future tax rates).  However, because tax rates are generally higher when earning money, for most people who can contribute to them, traditional IRAs maximize your tax savings and therefore wealth. Edit: Note that traditional IRA contributions also reduce your AGI, which is used to compute eligibility for other tax advantages, like the child care tax credit and earned income credit.  AGI is also often used for state income tax calculation. In retirement, traditional IRA distributions may or may not be state taxable, depending on your state and circumstances.
"Untuk anda yang sedang kebingungan mencari pengobatan untuk menyembuhkan penyakit cacar air, tidak usah cemas. Karena kini telah hadir ""Obat Cacar Air"" Jelly Gamat Gold-G. obat Jelly Gamat Gold-G ini sangat aman di konsumsi oleh berbagai kalangan termasuk anak-anak dan ibu hamil"
Have a great lawyer and a fuck ton of money   Not only are financial regulations on online payment processors quite complex, each state and the federal gov have required licenses which cost in total around $5 million upfront and $1-2 million annually.
"No.  The solution is to simply not force people to use a specific money, ie abolish ""legal tender laws"".  This way, people would save in currencies that have the best-reputation for maintaining their value over time, and no central bank can print their buddies out of bankruptcy at the expense of hardworking savers."
The big risk for a bank in country X is that they would be unfamiliar with all the lending rules and regulations in country Y. What forms and disclosures are required, and all the national and local steps that would be required. A mistake could leave them exposed, or in violation of some obscure law. Plus they wouldn't have the resources in country Y to verify the existence and the actual ownership of the property. The fear would be that it was a scam. This would likely cause them to have to charge a higher interest rate and higher fees. Not to mention that the currency ratio will change over the decades.   The risks would be large.
If you have a minimum monthly payment amount of $190, then you have to make a payment every month. If you pay only every 3 months (even if you pay 3 times the minimum amount, or much more), you would not be making the minimum monthly payment for each month: one month would get the minimum monthly payment, plus a lot more, then the following 2 months you would be in default because you didn't pay the minimum amount for that month! Interest is usually accrued daily, so you want to make the payments as early as possible. Pay back as much as you can afford each month, as soon as the money comes in. When computing how much you can afford, if you haven't already done so, it may be a good idea to keep a little bit aside (at least the first few months, to build up a little security pillow), just in case you need it (you won't be able to get money back from those overpayments if you need any money for an emergency).
The answer is simple. If your employer is offering you a discount, that is free money. You always take free money, always.
It's misleading news. Comparing debt levels in nominal terms is completely pointless over a period of more than a few months.  The article you responded to quite literally quoted extracts from the article you subsequently posted and explained why they were misleading or incorrect.
Hey Congrats!   A word of wisdom, don't just go blowing that money anywhere. Use what you need for the essentials, and save the rest for the big college you transfer too. This will help you not need to take out loans and keep you fiscally responsible.   Congrats again, you should be very proud of how hard you have worked.
"I didn't mean that you think the right of private companies to do this comes from the first amendment (while others explicitly do, I'm not saying you do), but you said that you do think they should be able to.  Take the second paragraph of my comment, where I clarify that this is about rule of law, and ends justifying the means.  So how would you codify ""this instance""?"
Well thats a natural monopoly, nobody needs competition in search engine or social websites, who uses two social websites if one has everyone in it anyway. Learn before you talk.  Some industries are born to be monopolies but the problem that people are arguing is that companies like amazon give you much better prices and deliver stuff to your house. This is different than normal monopoly situation where they increase the price to a higher one than the market equilibrium and cause welfare loss.  In this case for example, amazon actually kills all the retailers which are earning normal amounts of money anyway, uses underpaid workers for more profit, don't pay taxes to us government for more profit and basically takes away money from the buyers indirectly(who are very happy with their new x which was cheaper than retailer price).
cheap kayaks for sale  ---Looking for top fishing kayaks or kayak accessories? Visit paddlerscove.com - your one stop shop featuring an exclusive selection of kayaks for sale, used ocean kayaks, and all related accessories. Get the best bargains on a comprehensive range of premium quality products.
You need a budget. You need to know how much you make and how much you spend.  How much you earn and what you choose to spend you money on is your choice.  You have your own tolerance for risk and your own taste and style, so lifestyle and what you own isn't something that we can answer. The key to your budget is to really understand where you money goes.  Maybe you are the sort of person who needs to know down to the penny, maybe you are a person who rounds off.  Either way you should have some idea. How should I make a budget? and How can I come up with a good personal (daily) budget? Once you know what you budget is, here are some pretty standard steps to get started.  Each point is a full question in of itself, but these are to give you a place to start thinking and learning. You might have other priorities like a charity or other organizations that go into your priority like. Regardless of your career path and salary, you will need a budget to understand where you money is, where it goes, and how you can reach your goals and which goals are reasonable to have.
"In the U.S., when you receive your credit card bill each month there's a ""minimum payment amount."" That minimum payment is usually the greater of $25 or 1% of the new balance on the card plus new interest and fees. As long as you pay the minimum payment amount, you can pay as much as you want each month. Note, in your example, you would be required to pay more than $1000 to pay off the balance, as interest would accrue each month on the unpaid principal. How much more is dependent on the interest rate of the card."
Personally, I invest in mutual funds.  Quite a bit in index funds, some in capital growth & international.
Based on experience with friends that lost some money to one of these recently despite being warned: My friends joined some venture where they were getting 'paid' into an account and thought they were making lots of money. They signed their friends and family up (each with a hefty sign up fee) thinking it was a sure thing. Turns out the company was under investigation and the accounts were frozen. The money they put in was lost as well as these so called 'earnings'.  All of a sudden people realized they had never actually seen an actual physical penny the whole time.
This is subject to some amount of opinion, but I think that Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS) are closest to what you describe.  These are issued by the US Treasury like a treasury bond, but the rate is adjusted for inflation. https://www.treasurydirect.gov/indiv/products/prod_tips_glance.htm I see your comment about taxes.  TIPS are exempt from state and local taxes, but they are subject to federal tax on the income and on the growth of the principal.
If they're making 100k a month in sales, why do they need your 92k so badly that they're willing to pay 200% annual interest? Going to a loanshark or the mob would be cheaper, to say nothing of all the legal options available to them. Or they could just wait three weeks for revenue to cover it. Nothing about this adds up to anything other than a scam. Your friend might be well-meaning, but someone along the line is looking for a sucker.
uh, pretty sure it goes to Cap Hill with UW coming soon. it is one line but if you live near it i hear it's amazing. and a ton of people live near it. now the cap hill streetcar on the other hand..
"At the bottom of Yahoo! Finance's S & P 500 quote Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSE MKT. See also delay   times for other exchanges. All information provided ""as is"" for   informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or   advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for   any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any   actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By   accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the   information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data   and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI).   International historical chart data, daily updates, fund summary, fund   performance, dividend data and Morningstar Index data provided by   Morningstar, Inc. Orderbook quotes are provided by BATS Exchange. US   Financials data provided by Edgar Online and all other Financials   provided by Capital IQ. International historical chart data, daily   updates, fundAnalyst estimates data provided by Thomson Financial   Network. All data povided by Thomson Financial Network is based solely   upon research information provided by third party analysts. Yahoo! has   not reviewed, and in no way endorses the validity of such data. Yahoo!   and ThomsonFN shall not be liable for any actions taken in reliance   thereon. Thus, yes there is a DB being accessed that there is likely an agreement between Yahoo! and the providers."
The simplest way to handle this is for you to rent the apartment and sublet to the girlfriend and friend.  I'd split the utilities evenly, one-third from each.  The reason for this is that each of you contribute evenly to generating the utility bills.  It's not like your income makes the water cost more for you.   Utilities are driven by usage.  Dividing them other than equally is likely to lead to more problems than it solves.  Also, it seems unlikely that a different apartment would use significantly different water, electricity, or internet.  Those are driven by the appliances rather than the size or location of the apartment.  Only pay more for the utilities if you want something that they don't.  For example, maybe you want HBO, etc.  It would be reasonable for you to pay the entire premium if that's a luxury that they simply wouldn't buy.   I'd also divide the groceries evenly if you share and share alike.  If you eat separate meals, you can buy separate groceries.   If the rent can't be split evenly but you could afford it alone, then you can just sign up for it.  If you break up with the girlfriend and/or the friend moves out, you're still fine.  You have your fancy apartment and can afford it.   The bigger problem comes if you can't afford the apartment without both the girlfriend and friend contributing.  If so, you should probably avoid this situation.  It's fragile.  Any person leaving would put you in a financially untenable position.  You can look for a new tenant to replace your friend, but you can't exactly rely on getting a new move-in girlfriend on demand.   Neither the girlfriend nor the friend can afford to be on the main lease.  In case of emergency or tragedy, they couldn't replace you as a tenant.  That's why they should sublet.  Then their obligation is to you, not to the landlord.   How much apartment would the girlfriend and friend get if you weren't involved?  What rents would they pay?  That's probably how much rent they should pay for this apartment.  You want a better apartment (or a better location)?  That's on you.   You should only do this if you want to do it.  If you want to share apartments with the girlfriend and friend, then do so.  Work out something equitable.  If you plan on moving in together to reduce your costs, then you don't sound like you are compatible.  Obviously there are reasons to move in with the girlfriend aside from costs.  Why can't the friend get his or her own place?  The added rent probably won't do more than pay for the added room (you could get a one bedroom without the friend).   That points to an alternative way of calculating the friend's contribution:  the difference between a two bedroom and a one bedroom apartment.  That's the additional cost of the bigger apartment.  If the friend can't afford that, then this might not be a good idea.   Make sure that you can afford the apartment if one or both of the friend and girlfriend move out.  You can eventually replace the friend as the tenant but don't rely on doing the same with the girlfriend.  Share utilities evenly.  Possibly groceries too.  The friend should pay at least the added cost of the additional bedroom.  Don't expect either to pay more in the new apartment than they would pay without you.  You should be the only one on the main lease; sublet to them.
"You have a job ""lined up"". What if it falls through? Then you have to sell your fancy car, and you are back to scare, apart from the dough you owe your dad. For consumption items, live within your means. A cheap first car is just fine.   Spend cash where it brings you more cash."
There are two types of credit checks. First is the hard pull which is typically done when you apply for a credit line. The lender will hard pull your file and make his/her decision based on that. This affects your score negatively. You might lose few points for one hard inquiry. Second type is soft pull, which is done as a background check. Typically done by credit card companies to send you a pre-approved offer, or renting an apartment etc. This does not affect your score. One thing to keep in mind is a company will not do a hard pull without your permission, where as they can do soft pulls without you even knowing.  Soft inquiries vs hard inquiries
"&gt;That would be great ... if there were an objective and impartial standard for ""worth to society"".  There's no rigid, objective metric, but there are things I think most can agree do or don't help society as a whole. An example would be a highly addictive product that causes cancer. Yes, yes, personal liberty, people should be allowed to smoke if they know the risks and take responsibility, yada, yada, but the bottom line is cigarettes are dangerous and addictive. Couldn't it be said, within reason, that cigarettes harm society?"
"If you own 1% of a company, you are technically entitled to 1% of the current value and future profits of that company. However, you cannot, as you seem to imply, just decide at some point to take your ball and go home. You cannot call up the company and ask for 1% of their assets to be liquidated and given to you in cash. What the 1% stake in the company actually entitles you to is: 1% of total shareholder voting rights. Your ""aye"" or ""nay"" carries the weight of 1% of the total shareholder voting block. Doesn't sound like much, but when the average little guy has on the order of ten-millionths of a percentage point ownership of any big corporation, your one vote carries more weight than those of millions of single-share investors. 1% of future dividend payments made to shareholders. For every dollar the corporation makes in profits, and doesn't retain for future growth, you get a penny. Again, doesn't sound like much, but consider that the Simon property group, ranked #497 on the Fortune 500 list of the world's biggest companies by revenue, made $1.4 billion in profits last year. 1% of that, if the company divvied it all up, is $14 million. If you bought your 1% stake in March of 2009, you would have paid a paltry $83 million, and be earning roughly 16% on your initial investment annually just in dividends (to say nothing of the roughly 450% increase in stock price since that time, making the value of your holdings roughly $460 million; that does reduce your actual dividend yield to about 3% of holdings value). If this doesn't sound appealing, and you want out, you would sell your 1% stake. The price you would get for this total stake may or may not be 1% of the company's book value. This is for many reasons: Now, to answer your hypothetical: If Apple's stock, tomorrow, went from $420b market cap to zero, that would mean that the market unanimously thought, when they woke up tomorrow morning, that the company was all of a sudden absolutely worthless. In order to have this unanimous consent, the market must be thoroughly convinced, by looking at SEC filings of assets, liabilities and profits, listening to executive statements, etc that an investor wouldn't see even one penny returned of any cash investment made in this company's stock. That's impossible; the price of a share is based on what someone will pay to have it (or accept to be rid of it). Nobody ever just gives stock away for free on the trading floor, so even if they're selling 10 shares for a penny, they're selling it, and so the stock has a value ($0.001/share).  We can say, however, that a fall to ""effectively zero"" is possible, because they've happened. Enron, for instance, lost half its share value in just one week in mid-October as the scope of the accounting scandal started becoming evident. That was just the steepest part of an 18-month fall from $90/share in August '00, to just $0.12/share as of its bankruptcy filing in Dec '01; a 99.87% loss of value. Now, this is an extreme example, but it illustrates what would be necessary to get a stock to go all the way to zero (if indeed it ever really could). Enron's stock wasn't delisted until a month and a half after Enron's bankruptcy filing, it was done based on NYSE listing rules (the stock had been trading at less than a dollar for 30 days), and was still traded ""over the counter"" on the Pink Sheets after that point. Enron didn't divest all its assets until 2006, and the company still exists (though its mission is now to sue other companies that had a hand in the fraud, get the money and turn it around to Enron creditors). I don't know when it stopped becoming a publicly-traded company (if indeed it ever did), but as I said, there is always someone willing to buy a bunch of really cheap shares to try and game the market (buying shares reduces the number available for sale, reducing supply, increasing price, making the investor a lot of money assuming he can offload them quickly enough)."
"What's going on here is that Amazon/visa thinks that the money they will earn on average from irresponsible credit card users is more value than 50$ each. This is the same logic that is behind the cash back or airplane point bonuses many credit cards offer, or the ""apply and get a free 2-liter of soda"" that some stores offer. I would need more information about the card to say whether or not you should apply (What are the fees, if any? What is the interest rate? etc)."
I agree they are able to reduce prices in store to thin margins and rely on on a large amount of sales. My point is that the cost increase on product from wages is proportionally smaller than the increase in pay the worker is taking home. So yes, a Big Mac would cost about 17 cents more at a minimum wage of $15 an hour to maintain the same margins ( https://www.google.com/amp/s/thinkprogress.org/amp/p/184b7523b273 ), but the workers wage is doubled.
Middle-Men have always existed, and will always exist, and every time we turn around we're getting rid of them.   They crop up in new places on the edge of current business, live there for awhile and then get marginalized as economies of scale and technological progress happens. Then they need to find somewhere new.  These people are not simply middle men, they're inserting themselves into deals where they do not belong. It is time for them to go.
The TSP is similar to a 401K.  If you were hired as a federal employee on or after 1 January 1987 you are under the FERS retirement program. That means that you are eligible for matching. If they will match your deposits then the TSP, up to the matching limit, is a better choice. Skipping the TSP will mean that you you are leaving money on the table.
First, you need to be aware that the credit score reported by Mint is Equifax Credit Score. Equifax Credit Score, like FICO, Vantagescore, and others, is based on a proprietary formula that is not publicly available.  Every score is calculated with a different formula, and can vary from each other widely.  Lenders almost exclusively only use FICO scores, so the score number you have is likely different than the score lenders will use. Second, understand that the advice you see from places like Mint and Credit Karma will almost always tell you that you don't have enough credit card accounts.  The reason for this is that they make their money by referring customers to credit card applications.  They have a financial interest in telling you that you need more credit cards. Finally, realize that credit score is just a number, and is only useful for a limited number of things.  Higher is better to a point, and after that, you get no benefit from increasing your score.   My advice to you is this: Don't stress out about your credit score, especially a free score reported by Credit Karma or Mint.  If you really have a desire to find out your score, you can pay FICO to get your actual score, but it's not cheap.  You can also sometimes get your FICO score by applying for a loan and asking the lender.  I last saw my FICO scores (there were three, one from each credit bureau) when I applied for a mortgage a couple of years ago, and the mortgage rep gave them to me for free.  But honestly, knowing your score doesn't do much for you, as the best way to increase it is to simply make your payments on time and wait. Don't give in to bad conventional advice from places that are funded by the financial services industry.  The thing that makes your credit score go up is a long history of paying your bills on time.  Despite what you commonly read about credit scores, I'm not convinced that you can radically boost your scores by having lots of open credit card accounts.  At the time I applied for my last mortgage, I only had 2 open credit cards (still true), and the oldest open account was about 1.5 years old.  The average of my 3 scores was just over 800.  But I've been paying my bills on time for at least 20 years now.  Only get credit cards that you actually want, and close the ones you don't want.
Tier 1 VCs will always outperform median due to access but the entire asset class will probably suck on new vintages due to too much capital chasing past returns with only so many quality startups; probably why they were in juicero in the first place.  But this shows a pretty clear break in good process for a firm of that institutional caliber
That's why they're taking the deal. But it's not like they completely stole all that money. I don't have any stats, but I'd assume most of those people who got their loans are still in their homes. (Sorry, I could be way off. Please correct) But they still are bastards for not letting me refinance. Could have just been because they saw this penalty coming.
"The basic idea is that the average person can't deduct health care costs unless they're really onerous. But a business can, and as a self-employed person, you can deduct those costs from the businesses earnings... as long as the business is really generating enough profit to cover the health insurance costs. That's why most people get their health insurance from their employer, actually. The relevant IRS rules say: ""You may be able to deduct premiums paid for medical and dental insurance and qualified long-term care insurance for you, your spouse, and your dependents if you are... A self-employed individual with a net profit reported on Schedule C (Form 1040)."" For 2010, thanks to the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, you can even deduct the premium from your income before deducting the self-employment tax (Source). I'm sure that when you get your tax returns and instructions for 2010 this will all be spelled out."
S&amp;P 500 are a relatively small portion of the entire American economy. Any number of things could cause them to increase in value at a greater rate than total output.   For example, distribution of total spending could shift from the public sector to the private sector if government tax receipts and outlays were decreased. It's also possible the economy is becoming more centralized towards tech and industrial giants, with an increasing market share in the hands of fewer, larger companies.
"No, assuming by ""public company"" you mean a corporation.  The shareholder's individual liability is limited to their investment.  Your shares can go to zero value, but that's the limit. EDIT In regard to the follow-up question in the comments: ""Are all companies in the stock market corporations?"" the answer is definitely ""no.""  I cannot say much about other countries, but the US markets have some entities which are known as ""master limited partnerships.""  These trade shares on the market by the usual rules, but if you buy you become a partner in the company rather than a shareholder.  You still have limited liability in this case, but there will be differences, for example, in how you're are taxed."
Previously a commercial credit analyst for a mid level financial institution. Now financial analyst in automotive Just master Excel!!! This will be the most valuable skill for the rest of your career in finance. Focus on excel, learn to program, and learn how to kill interviews. You will learn the rest along the way.
"You don't. No one uses vanilla double entry accounting software for ""Held-For-Trading Security"".  Your broker or trading software is responsible for providing month-end statement of changes.  You use ""Mark To Market"" valuation at the end of each month.  For example, if your cash position is -$5000 and stock position is +$10000, all you do is write-up/down the account value to $5000.  There should be no sub-accounts for your ""Investment"" account in GNUCash.  So at the end of the month, there would be the following entries:"
Stained Concrete Captiva - Flooring service companies offering floor epoxy coating in Captiva FL are the guys to call when you need to redo your floors. Epoxy floor coatings are a full proof, high quality, durable, flooring solutions that can be applied to a number of different floors.
The author could have done a much better job of explaining it.  Maybe this will help:  * Thanks to Hillary (and Bill) Clinton, it is hard as fuck for companies to get visa sponsorship and hire foreign workers  * Because of this, foreigners have a much tougher time finding jobs - and employers can pay them less - BUT, they'll be loyal as hell to the company because job searches are so difficult  * *BUT, in order to GET that visa sponsor privilege*, employers have to demonstrate that they can't find any talent in the US  * Company posts job with super-high qualifications for laughable pay  * (*Imagine...*) the only people that apply:  the bottom of the barrel, underqualified people, and maybe one desperate candidate  * Employer complains to the government that there's not talent in the US to fill their job  * ...and gets allocation for their visa sponsorship  **tl;dr** - the 'skill gap' is a slimy game
Lets say that college costs 100K per kid and they you have 3 (ages 8,9,10) and expect tuition and fees inflation of 8% per year; you are 40 and want to retire at age 65, and would have to replace 80% of you final years salary and expect your salary to increase 2% above inflation, but you do have a pension that based on the number of years of service you will have if you don't switch companies will replace 40% of you final salary, but if you leave now will only cover 15%; the equivalent of social security will replace 10%; your spouse works part time and has no company provided pension; your big single bucket of long term savings has 123,456. Are you on target? You can't answer the question without first determining how much money each of those individual buckets (kid 1, kid 2, kid 3, pension, social security and retirement) needs to have today and in the future. Then you take the money you do have and assign it to the buckets. Of course different accounts have different tax, age, deposit and use rules. Also what happens after the last child graduates, so the amount of money available each year will change significantly. The key to not stealing money from long term savings goals is to realize you also need an emergency fund and a life happens fund. That way an engine repair does require you to pull money from the education fund.
There is no free ride at most brokers. You will likely be charged a margin fee for that trade even though you only held the margin shares for part of one day. The margin fee would be the annual margin interest rate calculated down to a one day holding period,so it would be smaller. Check your broker's policies but most work like this.
I understand that if I have multiple health insurance policies, I can only make claim from only one of them if ever I incur medical expenses (I'm from the Philippines). In the US, you cannot simultaneously submit a claim for payment of a medical bill, or request reimbursement for a bill already paid, to multiple insurance companies, but if you are covered by more  than one policy, then any part of a claim not paid by one company  can be submitted to another company that is also covering you. In fact, if you have employer-paid or employer-provided coverage, most  insurance companies will want your employer-provided insurance company  to be billed first, and will cover whatever is not paid by the employer coverage. For example, if the employer coverage pays 80% of your doctor's bill, the private insurance will pay the remaining 20%. But, the private  insurance policies are also quite expensive.  Some professional groups in the US offer major medical coverage to  their US members, and might be offering this to non-US members as well (though I suspect not).  These policies have large deductibles so that coverage kicks in only when the total medical expenses in that year (whether wholly or partially reimbursed, or not reimbursed at all) exceed the large deductible.  These types of policies actually pay out to only a few people - if you have more than, say, $20,000 of medical expenses in a year, you have been quite ill,  and thus the premiums are usually much smaller than full-fledged coverage  insurance policies which pay out much more frequently because of much smaller deductibles.
Your math is fine, except employers might not permit the withdrawal. You'd have to go back to their rules or contact HR to understand the withdrawals permitted.
"I think they get the answers to the ""quizzes"" before hand. You know, about competency. Full of esoteric crap and trick questions. They are KNOWN for cheating. Getting 100% on an Oracle OCP exam shouldn't be COMMON and ONLY among Indians."
"The usual pattern is that shareholders don't run companies in a practical sense, so ""if someone was just simply rich to buy > 50%, but does not know how to handle the company"" doesn't change anything. In large companies, the involvement of shareholders is limited to a few votes on key issues such as allocating profit (how much to keep in company vs pay in dividends) and choosing board members. And board members also don't run the company - they oversee how the company is being run, and choose executives who will actually run the company. If a rich person simply buys 50% and doesn't desire to get personally involved, then they just vote for whatever board members seem apropriate and forget about it."
If you are thinking about how to sell your house in maryland.Than Selling your house isn't that difficult,but it can be time consuming and there are lots of details to manage, so most home sales are made through a real estate broker or agent. Know the basics of working with these state-licensed sales professionals.When a serious buyer wants to buy your home, you'll receive a written offer,or purchase and sale agreement, containing all the terms of the sale.
isn't the answer in the question?  it says the company starts officially NEXT year, yet it is asking for the net present value...i.e what that project is worth today.  it could be that funds for that particular project may not be necessary for another year, but there may be other projects to evaluate against today.
I definitely see the advantages of globalism. And from an economical point of view the takeovers make sense.  But from a political strategic point of view, I think we Europeans should be careful. They are state-owned, we'd literally be selling to the Chinese government.  I'm Belgian, and one of our distribution system operators almost got taken over by a Chinese state owned company. That's a bit too strategic to my liking.
Pretty sure the major retail brokerage firms require 25k to daytrade.    Read the top comment. You will get crushed by commissions. There are commission free ETFs, but that's not the kind of investing you seem to want to learn about.
There are still some bugs in the system that have some players upset and I wouldn't feel right involving real money with such problems existing.  Maybe in a future season, once we perfect the game a little.   But not a bad idea.
Employers seem to only take, not give now.  I'm a salary worker and I work unpaid overtime and afterhours.  A lot of this was to get over a peak of work (Had to work a lot in a short period of time to fix problems that were creating more work).  However now I have been granted some flexibility and I have taken time out of my workday to do whatever I need as well.  It's often the minimum wage employees that I see abused the worst, they are easily replaceable by their employer and punishment for violating workers rights is a slap on the wrist.
I'd have to disagree on the overhead aspect here. Knowing what a family owned restaurant pays for rent, before the actual costs of the business comes in. Also, the city streets are not supposed to be a source of competition for their business.   The owners find location, compare it to the competition in the area and take the risk. The curb is for parking cars, not putting up a mobile business. How can the brick and mortar restaurant factor in that kind of unknown competition when they open?  I know, every one reddit feels they should be able to do what ever they want in all things, until it effects them personally, then they'll bitch about the unfairness of it.  Your arguement is simple minded.
"&gt; Net Neutrality has more to do with the fact that companies could start prioritizing or blocking access to certain websites and services where they have an incentive to.  Great.  So just like Walmart prioritizing the display of their in-house brands vs. brands of their competition?  Or a car dealership showing you only Toyotas and not Fords as well?  I mean, what's the difference here?  &gt;To use you example of roads, say for instance that a car manufacturer paid the govt to have the speed limit raised for their vehicles or even reduced the speed limit for other manufacturers. This would create an I level playing field.  ""Speed"" is actually a secondary function here, because we're actually talking about *bandwidth.*  Light travels at the speed of light; electricity travels between 50-99% of that.  Those are properties of physics, not anything Comcast can control.  We're talking about bandwidth.  So using your roads example, imagine now that a car manufacturer wants to use 50% of the road capacity to ship its goods everyday.  And in doing so, it practically crowds out every other entity that wants to use the road.  Who is in the right here?  How would we regulate who is using the road?  What is fair?"
"&gt; Speech is free. In and of itself it does not justify an investigation. Evidence does, and by all verifiable accounts there is no evidence of wrongdoing  Don Jr's email is **evidence** of attempted collusion.  He admitted it.  Free speech also has limits.  You can't yell ""fire"" in a crowded theater.  You can't discuss illegal things (it's called conspiracy).  &gt; otherwise they wouldn't need Meuhler to fish for it in completely irrelevant Trump family financial records from years before the election.  Trump's previous business dealings are totally relevant.  If he's colluding, those relationships didn't start in 2015.  They're going to look for earlier associations and business dealings with Russians that were later used for collusion.  &gt; http://nypost.com/2017/08/15/new-report-claims-dnc-hack-was-an-inside-job-not-russia/  I think the opinion of the 17 US intelligence services is a better source of info than a newspaper owned by News Corp.  There's not much question that the Russians attempted to influence the election.  https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/92514592/  &gt; What does your imagination tell you this Russian collusion that supposedly took place looked like?  I have no idea.  Let's let the investigation tell us."
I bought a house 6 months ago for $240,000 on an $80k salary am getting by just fine and am able to save money (and I live on Long Island, an extremely expensive area to live). I would look at finding a few more interest rate quotes; for instance, Wells Fargo is offering 4.25% right now for FHA (first time home buyers) loan (which only require 3.5% down). A lower interest rate will lower your monthly payment. Make the banks compete with one another - this little bit of leg-work will save you thousands upon thousands of dollars in the long run). Also, try to negotiate to NOT paying a point down on the mortgage - most of the time they are bull, especially in this economy (banks are desperate for new loans).  However, as others have said, do not assume or count on rent coming in to be able to afford your mortgage (unless you are married). What if your friend moves out and you cannot find another tenant?  However, I strongly recommend you talk to a financial adviser and your bank mortgage loan officer to work out the numbers - you will be surprised what you can afford when you factor in your income tax and mortgage interest write-offs.
Advertising Australia  Another way to uncover work in Prices is merely to swap into any element of Centrelink. This is a professionals business which functions in every location and group in Prices. They are accredited to aid lack of career individuals to uncover work, and you found out touchscreen engineering technology pc versions in every Centrelink work environment around the condition showing functions clear in the team.
A friend of mine had a really tough time with the job market and spent a year in the traditional route (sending resumes, etc). When she moved, she decided to try cold-calling/messaging people (in the industry/fellow alums). In one month she had a job. If all it takes is placing my professional information *with the intent that someone finds it attractive*, then by all means they should make money off of me.
Let me tell you a tale. I am 30, only making 32k a year. As a systems admin. Living in CA. I have 0 savings, in fact most months I have trouble even paying bills and keeping food on the table so....I wouldn't worry to much but if you haven't yet go to school, get a degree. Or at least a trade school.
Sigh.  I knew this headline would end up being printed, which is of course wrong.  Tesla said that their run rate will be 100k annualized at the *end* of 2015.  That does not mean 100k in 2015, that means 2k/week at the end of 2015, which means 100k+ in 2016.  It will probably be ~60-70k in 2015.
I'll message you on [**2015-08-18 01:32:46 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2015-08-18 01:32:46 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of this post.  [**Click Here**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[http://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/27p238/kentucky_restaurant_opens_with_a_no_tipping/cjt6np5]%0ANOTE: MAKE SURE THE TIME OPTIONS ARE CORRECT.%0AEXAMPLE: RemindMe 48 hours/days/weeks/months etc%0A%0ARemindMe!  365 days) to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  _____  ^(I will PM you a message so you don't forget about the comment or thread later on. Just use the **RemindMe!** command and optional date formats. Subsequent confirmations in this unique thread will be sent through PM to avoid spam. Default wait is a day.)  [^([PM Reminder])](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[LINK HERE else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add time options after RemindMe command!%0A%0ARemindMe!) ^| [^([FAQs])](http://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/) ^| [^([Time Options])](http://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/2862bd/remindmebot_date_options/) ^| [^([Suggestions])](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&amp;subject=Suggestion) ^| [^([Code])](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)
"OK, since you aren't a ""hoarder of wealth"" you wont have a problem with a progressive capital gains tax would you?  Say 15% on the first $50,000 of gains, 30% up to $200,000 50% up to $500,000 and 90% on $1,000,000 and up.  Keep in mind this is only on the gains from your capital.  There are a lot of programs we could fund and people we could help with that tax money."
"Donbey since you mention your expenses are very low, I'm going to assume that social security will cover your expenses once you qualify for it.  Since you have no savings currently the first and most important job for this money is to make sure that you can live comfortably until social security kicks in.  Social security could start for you as early as 62 so you need to set aside at least two years worth of money plus another chunk as a safety measure. Also, if you don't have health insurance please look to get a plan through your local ACA exchange as not having health insurance is by far the most common way someone your age ends up bankrupt.  Insurance will eat up a good chunk of the money, but will be much cheaper after the first year if you continue to have no income. Now, if your expenses are low enough, you can look to use this money to delay when you start taking social security as long as possible as the longer you delay social security the more money you get.  The AARP has a calculator where you can see how much more per year you will get from social security if you delay taking it as long as you can.  This is a great way to insure you live as comfortably as possible even if you live to 120.  Assuming you are reasonably healthy, this is a very secure and very meaningful way to ""invest"" this windfall. Once you have set aside the money for your expenses, emergencies, health care and delaying social security in a combination of checking and high-yielding savings accounts, yhen it can be in your interest to invest any remaining amount.  Common, solid, low-risk investments for a 10+ year time frame would be either: While Glen is correct that it is possible for even the best bond fund to lose money it is rather unlikely that you will end up losing money over a period of 10 years.  The nice thing about the bond fund is that most funds (find the right one) don't charge a fee if you need to need to take your money out early.  CDs guarantee that you won't lose your money, but if you have to take the money out in an emergency the fees will eat up way more money than a bond fund would normally lose.  Also, a good bond fund will generally yield a bit more than a CD. Investing in stock is generally much too risky for this sort of time frame without large savings to back it up."
"According to Wikipedia, Treasury bills mature in 1 year or less to a fixed face value: Treasury bills (or T-Bills) mature in one year or less. Regular weekly T-Bills are commonly issued with maturity dates of 28 days (or 4 weeks, about a month), 91 days (or 13 weeks, about 3 months), 182 days (or 26 weeks, about 6 months), and 364 days (or 52 weeks, about 1 year). Treasury bills are sold by single-price auctions held weekly. The T-bills (as Wikipedia says, like zero-coupon bonds) are actually sold at a discount to their face value and mature to their face value. They do not return any interest before the date of maturity.  Because the amount earned is fixed at purchase, ""return"" is a more accurate term than ""rate"" when referring to a specific T-bill. The ""rate"" is the difference between this return and the discount value you purchased it at. So, yes, your rate of return is guaranteed. T-notes (1-10 year) and T-bonds (20-30 year) also have an interest rate guaranteed, but have coupon payments (usually every 6 months), paying out a fixed amount of interest on the principal.  (See more info on the same Wikipedia page.) Because those bonds are not compounding the interest it pays out, but instead paying out every 6 months, you'd have to purchase new securities to create a compound return, changing your rate of return over time slightly as the rates for new treasury securities changes."
I'm always pretty surprised at how different US is from Canada with this. I think here (I'm not actually looking this up) that McDonald's is first, followed by A&amp;W and then Wendy's. This is in our modest city (approx 100,000) we have 5 McDonalds, 4 A&amp;W's, 3 Wendy's and until recently 0 Burger Kings.
"Ya, I know right?  ""And to assert as a mitigation of the evil that those who thus suffer are the weaker members of the community, morally or physically, is to add insult to misfortune. Is weakness a justification of suffering? Is it not, on the contrary, an irresistible claim upon every human being for protection against suffering?   [...] Even the idle, reckless, and ill-conducted poor, those who are said with most justice to have themselves to blame for their condition, often undergo much more and severer labor, not only than those who are born to pecuniary independence, but than almost any of the more highly remunerated of those who earn their subsistence; and even the inadequate self-control exercised by the industrious poor costs them more sacrifice and more effort than is almost ever required from the more favored members of society."" - John Stuart Mill"
At first guess, people have less and less disposable cash/income for a down payment which subsequently results in longer loan duration. I thought I recall reading an article not too long ago where average auto loan term was 70 something months and average new car is $30k+. That’s a lot of $$$ for a country where median household income is $50k.
Since 1999 Doctors About Care have been providing top of the line chiropractic treatments to all pain sufferers on Long Island, NY.  You'll never know how it is being pain free without surgery or medications, until you visit a chiropractor - they REALLY work!!
"and part of the point of this article is to get that kind of information out there, so that people can say ""oo well maybe that law is needed"" or ""oh I read that article on reddit and maybe I wont shop there""  not sure if anyone is claiming they are breaking the law.  But it should also be noted that many very large businesses like costco and starbucks and ben and jerries, dont cut employee costs to the bone. And while what walmart is doing is legal, there is nothing wrong with calling them greedy pricks, when society has shown that businesses can succeed in american without being greedy pricks.   otherwise I agree with your comment"
"It wasn't my statement, but I will take a stab at this. The human brain is a fantastic pattern recognizer. In fact, I would say that it is the very best that we are currently aware of. Having seen the trajectory of a thrown ball a few times, your brain can predict with startling accuracy where your hand needs to be in order to intercept it...or how to move to get out of its way, should it be a larger ball. Your brain isn't doing the math necessary to actually calculate the trajectory, just estimating based on past experience. The same thing happens with ever decision your brain makes. It estimates probability whenever it can in situations ranging from location prediction to what your significant other's reaction will be to you staying out late again. Note that these things can be actually calculated via trajectory calculation or bayesian statistics respectively, but your brain doesn't have time for such things, so it approximates them instead and is startlingly good at it in most cases. For a list of ways that your brain is less good at these things, see ""List of Cognitive Biases"" on Wikipedia."
&gt; I wish I had sufficient funds to open a brokerage account at FB's IPO. I wanted to shortsell the stock with every fiber of my being once I saw that imaginary $38 price valuation.  It would've been impossible anyways, no shares were available. It took me over a week to find some shares to short ( at $29.50 )
This impact, at least in the short term, should be regional to China. Once China starts churning out EV that could spill over to the west but China will likely focus on their home market due to severe smog and its threat to the economy. Elon has shown a tenacity to innovate continuously and I doubt his China plant will be used for experiments and tests for new technologies, keeping him ahead of most other manufacturers.
He's exaggerating. Smartphone usage, while lower in Japan than the us, is still around 55% today vs. 65% in the US. &amp; their Healthcare outcomes are far better than the US, technology in healthcare is great, but it doesn't matter much if a portion of the population cannot afford or access it, the Japanese achieve these better outcomes despite having an older population than the us.
Okay. As someone who is quick to be appalled, let see how actively you practice what you preach.   For movies - give me the list of studios that are okay and not okay. Give me a list of movies from those studios that you would have otherwise paid movie to see that you will now abstain from seeing.   For books - give me the list list of publishers that you are okay with and not okay with. Give me the list of books that you are abstaining from reading that you would have otherwise paid for.   For videogames (this is the easy one) - same thing.   For music, give me the list of labels that you are boycotting and the list of albums that are released under those labels that you will sacrifice your enjoyment of listening to.    I would be appalled that you yourself would not even know from your selfless sacrificing, which artists/musicals/authors/actors/film makers/labels/publishers/studios you're denying revenue if you're so hung ho about telling people to follow your lead.   I would be appalled but not surprised if you're talking out your ass though.   TL;DR; you're appalled that I'm seeing new dark knight even if SOPA passed? I'm appalled that you're full of shit.
You are correct that 20% has an impact on your interest rate, although it is not always hugely significant.  You would have to do your own shopping around to find that information out.  However 20% has an impact that I consider to be far more important than your monthly payment, and that is in your equity.  If the DC market tanks, which I know it has not really done like much of the country but none of us have crystal balls to know if it will or not, then you will be more easily underwater the less you put down.  Conversely putting 20% or more down makes you an easy sell to lenders [i]and[/i] means that you don't have to worry nearly so much about having to do a short sale in the future. I would never buy a house with less than 20% down personally and have lived well below my means to get there, but I am not you. With regards to mortgages, the cheapskate way that I found information that I needed was to get books from the library that explained the mortgage process to me.  When it came time to select an actual broker I used my realtor's recommendation (because I trusted my realtor to actually have my interests at heart because he was an old family friend - you can't usually do that so I don't recommend it) and that of others I knew who had bought recently.  I compared four lenders and competed them against each other to get the best terms.  They will give you estimate sheets that help you weigh not only rates but costs of different fees such as the origination fee and discount points.  Make sure to know what fees the lender controls and what fees (s)he doesn't so that you know which lines to actually compare. Beyond a lender make sure that before closing you have found a title company that you think is a good choice (your realtor or lender will try to pick one for you because that's the way the business is played but it is a racket - pick one who will give you the best deal on title), a settlment company (may be title company, lender, or other) that won't charge you an excessive amount, a survey company that you like if required in DC for your title insurance, and homeowner's insurance coverage that you think is a good deal.  The time between contract and closing is short and nobody tells you to research all the closing costs that on a $500,000 place run to in excess of $10,000, but you should.  Also know that your closing costs will be about 2% of the purchase price and plan accordingly. In general take some time to educate yourself on homebuying as well as neighborhoods and price ranges.  Don't rush into this process or you will lose a lot of money fast.
"I tried to get a friend to buy something at Monoprice - it was even cheaper there than Amazon.  However Monoprice insist you create yet another account with yet another password before they will let you make a purchase.  Needless to say he said ""screw that"" and made the purchase at Amazon.  It is amazing just how bad many of the alternatives are to Amazon, especially when the competition is Amazon where the user already has an account.  An article - [The $300m button](http://www.uie.com/articles/three_hund_million_button/) - is excellent highlighting the same issue.  Jakob Nielsen also has a [good report on current ecommerce sites](http://www.useit.com/alertbox/ecommerce.html) - note how great the failure rate is.  Back to Monoprice, I did contact them to explain that they were losing sales, explained why, pointed to the $300m button article etc.  They then explained back to me that I needed to create an account on their site before making a purchase.  Duh."
It's worth noting that Ohio is home to a huge number of Chase employees (from the Bank One acquisition many years ago) so Ohio banning Wells Fargo may have a *liiiiiitle* bit of politics involved.  (Wells Fargo is terrible don't get me wrong.)
It's not, it also wasn't the question behind my post. You do bring up a good point that because most hospitals are privately run, they are dependent first and foremost on maximizing profits. That is the cause behind such high prices behind hospitals. The base(which i will readily admit) costs are technology as well as staffing, of course they still need to make money. Which is why it adds an additional [10-25% in some cases.](http://www.forbes.com/2010/08/30/profitable-hospitals-hca-healthcare-business-mayo-clinic.html)
"Am I the only person on this thread to have understood the true meaning of the headline the first time I read it? I understand that its grammatical construction is ambiguous, but it's really fucking easy to figure out what the writer meant to communicate.  Then again, I *have* been living in Mexico for twenty years, so that may explain it.  Oh, and by the way, even though I understood the headline, I disagree. I strongly doubt that Cuba (except for that obscene Guantanamo concentration camp) has a McDonald's, and I'm sure that Cuba is classified as a Latin-American country in just about everybody's book.  But anyway, yay for the Bolivians! It's a democratically created socialist state, and according to the article the Bolivians voted with their wallets in this case, not by voting in politicians to decree McDonald's outlawed.  On the other hand, I hope the Bolivian politicians flat out outlaw [Bechtel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bechtel#Bolivia) from ever doing business ever again anywhere. Bechtel's water ""project"" in Cochabamba should be notorious worldwide as one of the worst scams any corporation played against innocent civilians in history."
If you are looking for the Top Industrial Vastu Consultant In Mumbai, then contact with the Pyramid Vastu Consultancy which offers the best Vastu consultants service to lead a peaceful life without any loss in your industry due to Vastu. To get the more information, Expplore the full blog.
"Others have covered this pretty well, but as someone who once worked for the company that allows Stansberry to publish, let me confirm that their business is about getting you to buy into the financial worldview they promote so that they can sell you more and more ""newsletters"" and ""services"". Nothing else. It's a marketing company, and Stansberry is nothing more than a copywriter."
"I personally take the zero percent financing plans any day.  I have done this with my car and the iphone 6s.  The vendors are trying to make it more attractive for you to ""afford"" the product.  It could show up on your credit report and impact the amount of money you can borrow in the future (e.g getting a home loan).  The other thing I do is make sure the monthly payments are automatically paid from my bank account so I don't miss any payments"
Buying Ayurvedic medicines online is very easy and has helped people all around the world in healing their diseases. In today's scenario, most of the world's population uses herbal elements and medicines to cure there health care problems by buying Ayurvedic products online.
Norman Brodeur Williams Nicolas has an ironic influence on fiction. He is best known for his fictions, romantic and thriller novels. Norman’s fiction combines narrative modes and authorial voices. While being interviewed, Norman said that most of his fictions are related to society and its culture. Whereas Thriller novels were just his childhood dreams. “Curiosity” is his first thriller novel which gained a good response and broke his image of being an author writing romantic novels.
How can people afford 10% mortgage? Part of the history of housing prices was the non-bubble component of the bubble. To be clear, there was a housing bubble and crash. Let me offer some simple math to illustrate my point -  This is what happened on the way down. A middle class earner, $60K/yr couple, using 25% of their income, the normal percent for a qualified mortgage, was able to afford $142K for the mortgage payment. At 10% fixed rate. This meant that after down payment, they were buying a house at $175K or so, which was above median home pricing.  Years later, obviously, this wasn't a step function, with a rate of 4%, and ignoring any potential rise of income, as in real term, income was pretty stagnant, the same $1250/mo could pay for a $260K mortgage. If you want to say that taxes and insurance would push that down a bit, sure, drop the loan to $240K, and the house price is $300K.  My thesis ('my belief' or 'proposal', I haven't written a scholarly paper, yet) is that the relationship between median home price and median income is easily calculated based on current 30 year fixed rate loans. For all the talk of housing prices, this is the long term number. Housing cannot exceed income inflation long term as it would creep up as a percent of income and slow demand. I'm not talking McMansion here, only the median. By definition, the median house targets the median earners, the middle class.  The price increase I illustrate was just over 70%. See the famous Shiller chart -  The index move from 110 to 199 is an 81% rise. I maintain, 70 of that 81 can be accounted for by my math. Late 80's, 1987 to be exact, my wife got a mortgage for 9%, and we thought that was ok, as I had paid over 13% just 3 years earlier.
"Buy the ETF with ticker ""SPY"".  This will give you exposure to exactly the S&P 500 stocks,  This is similar to the mutual fund suggestion by Ben Miller, except that the ETF has several advantages over mutual funds, especially as regards taxes.  You can find information on the difference between ETF and mutual fund in other questions on this site or by searching the web."
I would use the withdrawal date to record, as it represents you no longer have these funds in your account whether you have written a check and/or transferred money you should count the funds as no longer being in your account.
A. Kindly avoid taking dollars in form of cash to india unless and until it is an emergency. Once the dollar value is in excess of $10,000, you need to declare the same with Indian customs at the destination. Even though it is not a cumbersome procedure, why unnecessarily undergo all sort of documentation and most importantly at all security checks, you will be asked questions on dollars and you need to keep answering.   Finally safety issue is always there during the journey.  B.There is no Tax on the amount you declare. You can bring in any amount. All you need is to declare the same.  C. It is always better to do a wire transfer.  D. Any transfer in excess of $14,000 from US, will atract gift tax as per IRS guidelines. You need to declare the same while filing your Income Tax in US and pay the gift tax accordingly.  E. Once your fiance receives the money , any amount in excess of Rs 50,000 would be treated as individual income and he has to show the same under Income from other sources while filing the taxes. Taxes will be as per the slab he falls under.  F.Only for blood relatives , this limit of 50,000 does not apply.  G. Reg the Loan option, suggest do not opt for the same. Incase you want to go ahead, then pl ensure that you fully comply with IRS rules on Loans made to a foreign person from a US citizen or resident. The person lending the money must report the interest payment as income on his or her yearly tax return provided the loan has interest element. No deduction is allowed if the proceeds are used for personal or non-business purposes.In the case of no-interest loans, most people believe there is no taxable income because no interest is paid.  The IRS views this seriously and the tax rules are astonishingly complex  when it comes to no-interest loans.  Even though no interest is paid to the lender, the IRS will treat the transaction as if the borrower paid interest at the applicable federal rate to the lender and the lender subsequently gifted the interest back to the borrower.The lender is taxed on the imaginary interest income and, depending on the amount, may also be liable for gift tax on the imaginary payment made back to the borrower. Hope the above claryfies your query. Since this involves taxation suggest you take an opinion from a Tax attorney and also ask your fiance to consult a Charted Accountant on the same. Regards
"It's not as hard as you make it out to be.  To be honest, if you took a 37k job out of school you may not be good at selling your skills, your skills ate lacking, or you took a sub optimal job out of school and that's held you back  ( a bad position for too long can truly hamper your prospects a while - recruiters can only draw conclusions based off your history).    I'm a nobody and i have fielded ""those"" offers from the bay area.  Didn't graduate top of my class from a ""carnage Mellon"".  Didn't even grad with a CS degree (still sciency).  But your absolutely correct it's about selling yourself.  If you don't know how to talk your way through multiple rounds of moderately difficult technical interviews it'll be hard to get those jobs.  I'm not here to boast.  I'm here to say it's not the unachievable goal many think it is.  I now make near the upper bounds of your senior range in the midwest.  Only 4 years exp."

No, but they do have a moral obligation to give the employees that stay commensurately for the share if productivity.   If a company had 100 clerks, and fired 90 with the introduction of computers, shouldn't there be a somewhat balanced share of those savings going to the computer clerks?
Plan all your needs and put priority based on need & urgency. New Habit: Rethink. Rethink. Rethink. whenever your going to buy something. rethink before going to buy. remember what is your priority one than that and will this affect on your plans. if that affect, than dont buy. Lets leave it to that habit, that will take care of your budget yar.............
"I dunno, I had a similar experience when I bought my iPad. I used it for a couple hours (first use bliss), then when I went back to my iPhone I was like, ""*Is this a joke??*"" The screen looked so pathetically small.  But now, a week in, I appreciate both screen sizes. They're for different purposes, and the sleek compactness of my iPhone is just as important as the flexibility of a big screen on my iPad."
Sorry for the rant, everyone's experience varies from.  family to family but there are some issues that many have in common, just search Google or books for literature on working with the family enterprise, I highly recommend it and will save you a lot of headache and stress later, learn from my mistakes, prepare yourself and you can make it work.
It is dry, and he is obviously very high on himself.  But I've read some other egotistical authors and it became clear to me that Taleb is bright enough that he deserves to feel that way.  I liked the book a lot, although I will need to re-read it at some point if I want to actually begin to integrate his ideas into my own approach to investing.
"Your questions In the world of technical analysis, is candlestick charting an effective trading tool in timing the markets? It depends on how you define effective. But as a standalone and systematic strategy, it tends not to be profitable. See for example Market Timing with Candlestick Technical Analysis: Using robust statistical techniques, we find that candlestick trading rules are not profitable when applied to DJIA component stocks over 1/1/1992 – 31/12/2002 period. Neither bullish or bearish candlestick single lines or patterns provide market timing signals that are any better than what would be expected by chance. Basing ones trading decisions solely on these techniques does not seem sensible but we cannot rule out the possibility that they compliment some other market timing techniques. There are many other papers that come to the same conclusion. If used correctly, how accurate can they be in picking turning points in the market? Technical analysts generally fall into two camps: (i) those that argue that TA can't be fully automated and that interpretation is part of the game; (ii) those that use TA as part of a systematic investment model (automatically executed by a machine) but generally use a combination of indicators to build a working model. Both groups would argue (for different reasons) that the conclusions of the paper I quoted above should be disregarded and that TA can be applied profitably with the proper framework. Psychological biases It is very easy to get impressed by technical analysis because we all suffer from ""confirmation bias"" whereby we tend to acknowledge things that confirm our beliefs more than those that contradict them. When looking at a chart, it is very easy to see all the occurences when a certain pattern worked and ""miss"" the occurences when it did not work (and not missing those is much harder than it sounds). Conclusions"
"Assuming my math is correct and that I'm not missing something about Roth investments, it appears to me that either option will work out exactly the same if you will be in the same tax bracket in retirement. This is true only if your average tax rate in retirement is the same as your current marginal rate. I'm surprised none of the answers mention this since it is the crux of your question!  If you can deduct an IRA against your income taxes, it is almost always better option than the Roth equivalent. Marginal rates should not be compared to average rates or you will form all sorts of inaccurate conclusions. ""If you are in a lower tax rate in retirement traditional is better"" really means, ""if your average tax rate in retirement is lower than your current marginal rate, traditional is better"" - which for the overwhelming majority of Americans is the case. Consider the following. Let's say your intend to contribute $1000 in one year (making $2k) and withdraw it the next that is your only income in that year. Your tax brackets look like: This is quite simplified but for this purpose will illustrate precisely why comparisons like you are making are very misleading. In this case you can put $1000 in and pay no income tax at all (because you deduct it). You then withdraw $1000 the next year. The first $500 you withdraw you pay no taxes on and the next $500 has a tax rate of 15%, for a total tax of of $75. However - this is a tax against your entire withdrawal of $1000, so your average tax rate (this is important! average is different than marginal) is only 7.5% and you are left with $925. In this case you can only contribute $850 to the IRA because you are taxed against the money at your marginal rate (15%). When you withdraw it, you don't pay any taxes and are left with the entire $850 $850. This is less than the above, because you are taxed the whole amount at your previous marginal rate. If however your tax rate in retirement was 30% for everything above $500, only then are the two scenarios equal. Your marginal tax rate in retirement has to be very high relative to your current tax rate for the Roth to ever catch up and be better. If you are able to deduct an IRA contribution, it will almost always be the best option. The average federal income tax rate on middle class families has not changed dramatically enough over the past 50 years to be above normal marginal tax rates - even at the 15% federal tax bracket, your marginal rate is still higher than the highest average tax rate for the past 50 years by at least 3% and normally significantly so. The reason I make this point about middle class marginal rates is that the majority of ""taxes might be higher in retirement!"" is very unlikely to be the case in a meaningful way given the past 50 years. However if you are in the top tax rate you are paying historic low tax rates (by a factor of nearly 3), but also observe you can't do either IRA since you must make $400k/year. The difference for middle class is no where near as noticeable. Keep in mind if you can't deduct, there is no reason to not contribute to the Roth. There are other factors contributing to the traditional/Roth decision. This answer only addresses the specifics in your question."
The most obvious use of a collateral is as a risk buffer. Just as when you borrow money to buy a house and the bank uses the house as a collateral, so when people borrow money to loan financial instruments (or as is more accurate, gain leverage) the lender keeps a percentage of that (or an equivalent instrument) as a collateral. In the event that the borrower falls short of margin requirements, brokers (in most cases) have the right to sell that collateral and mitigate the risk.  Derivatives contracts, like any other financial instrument, come with their risks. And depending on their nature they may sometimes be much more riskier than their underlying instruments. For example, while a common stock's main risk comes from the movements in its price (which may itself result from many other macro/micro-economic factors), an option in that common stock faces risks from those factors plus the volatility of the stock's price.  To cover this risk, lenders apply much higher haircuts when lending against these derivatives. In many cases, depending upon the notional exposure of the derivative, that actual dollar amount of the collateral may be more than the face value or the market value of the derivatives contract. Usually, this collateral is deposited not as the derivatives contract itself but rather as the underlying financial instrument (an equity in case of an option, a bond in case of a CDS, and so on). This allows the lender to offset the risk by executing a trade on that collateral itself.
"I'm starting to think that the catalyst for a correction will be if corporate tax reform doesn't go through.   From what I can tell, the market has already priced in a near 100% chance of a substantial corporate tax rate cut in the near future.  I think if it becomes clear that it just won't happen, a lot of analysts will adjust their models and their ""fair"" valuations come back down to earth."
"FWIW, I've got a printed Amazon.ca invoice that was included in a shipment of books that I received in July, 2013. In the right-side side panel, at the bottom and in fine print, it reads:  Amazon.com.ca, Inc.   410 Terry Avenue   North Seattle, WA 98109-5210   GST Registration Number/No enregistrement TPS 85730 5932 RT0001   [etc.] If I view the same order online at Amazon.ca, the on-screen version does not have that detail.  Interestingly, at the bottom of the online invoice page it says: ""Please note: This is not a VAT invoice."" That probably should've said ""GST/HST"", for Canada, and not ""VAT"", which is presumably for the United Kingdom.  So, it would appear that Amazon may only print their GST/HST details on the shipped invoice printout. Which made me wonder: Did you purchase something that was fulfilled electronically, i.e. no physical shipment to you? e.g. a Kindle book, an app, or a service like Cloud Drive? If no physical invoice shipped means one doesn't get the required GST details, then there's still a Canadian tax requirement Amazon isn't fulfilling on such invoices, though not as broad an issue as you suspected. On the other hand, if you did get a physical invoice [and your comment confirmed you did], then what you were seeking was most likely printed on that version, just as mine was. At the moment, I'm not sure why Amazon wouldn't also include the GST number on electronic versions of invoices (whether received by email, or viewed on the web site) but if I find out more, I'll update my answer later."
"It's an effective way to achieve market segmentation without having to ask your customers how rich they are, and you get the benefit of finding out additional information like their address, email etc. The principle is similar to coupons on cereal boxes, anybody can get the rebate/discount if they go to the effort, but people who are cash rich/time poor are less likely to do so than those that really need the money. Joel Spolsky wrote about this and various other pricing mechanisms a while back, I like to reference the article every few weeks. It's well worth a read. Now, if you're retired and living off of social security, $7 an hour sounds pretty good, so you do it, but if you're a stock analyst at Merrill Lynch getting paid $12,000,000 a year to say nice things about piece-of-junk Internet companies, working for $7 an hour is a joke, and you're not going to clip coupons. Heck, in one hour you could issue ""buy"" recommendations on ten piece-of-junk Internet companies! So coupons are a way for consumer products companies to charge two different prices and effectively segment their market into two. Mail-in rebates are pretty much the same as coupons, with some other twists like the fact that they reveal your address, so you can be direct marketed to in the future."
You're gonna be disappointed when you realize how much influence the president has - especially a president who has party majorities in congress.  Sure, his most extreme bills have stalled, but most of his worst cabinet appointments are working away to make the extremist agenda a reality. Just wait til he picks a new Fed chair...
Gold isn't constant in value. If you look at the high price of $800 in January of 1980 and the low of $291 in 2001, you lost a lot of purchasing power, especially since money in 2001 was worth less than in 1980. People claim gold is a stable store of value but it isn't.
It's not that Millennials *can't* get a summer job, it's that that the perceived ROI on an hourly basis of going to college is higher than the minimum wage they would receive at those jobs.   The earning power of a bachelors degree is about $23k per year ($51.2k - $27.9k average salary for those w/ and w/o degrees). By taking classes over the summer and finishing 48 weeks early, one can make an additional $21.5k with a college degree. Meanwhile, one who works for those same 48 weeks at the federal minimum wage could expect to make $13.9k. And if you're not pursuing a degree then it's not really a summer job anymore.  This basic economics explains why many people have chosen to forego the summer job. I know there are many exceptions, such as places with higher local minimum wages and degrees that earn less but this is macro economics we're talking about and the basic math checks out.
You're biting off a lot. Let's say you can swing 5% for a down payment: $13k.  A 30-year loan on $247k at the rate you quote gives you a payment of $1,270 per month. This does not include taxes, insurance, or private mortgage insurance (which you'll pay because you have a down payment less than 20%).  The PMI will run you about $150-$200 per month, I think, until your loan-to-value ratio falls below 80%. Plus your HOA fee, utilities, your 401(k) loan payment, etc., you're pushing $2k/month. You have a roommate in mind, and that will help, but the roommate can go, and you still own the property.  Then you get the whole payment all to yourself. If I had the option, I'd rent a little longer.  Save up for a decent down payment, and shop around for someone who is desperate to sell.
I wouldn't advocate it, but one reason to pay a lower interest rate is if you have $990 on a $1000 limit credit card with 6% interest and $5000 on a $15k limit card at 10% interest. Having $500 to pay in a month and putting it on the lower interest would free up a greater percentage of credit on that card and could potentially help your credit rating I believe. I think having $1000 on 10 different credit cards w/ $15k limit reflects better than $10k on one $15k card, regardless of interest rates. Personally I think that's dumb b/c having the extra credit available is an opportunity to get into trouble a lot easier.
It depends on the country and possibly the bank. In the United States, my savings accounts compound monthly, using the average balance for the month. You should have an account agreement or terms document that details how the bank does computations like interest payments.
From what I understand this is what you can do : You need to raise an invoice to your brother's company in USA Your brother makes a payment into your Indian company's bank account using wire transfer straight into a bank account in your company's name. Your brother wont have to pay taxes on the money that he pays you against an invoice as it would be an expense and would not be considered as profit for tax purposes. Once you have the money you can then file your income tax returns after deducting your own expenses etc in India. I hope this helps.
Thanks for the reply.  These are good points. I didn't think about the fact that they essentially control the price at that point. Especially with a contract agreement.   I decided to not go with an exclusive selling rights deal. Too much market potential to restrict myself.
I was wroth amway for a little bit with her tho and I enjoyed the products and our team of people but we were no good at building that business. People and us don't mix well sometimes, after she's in her job she'll wise up in sure/hoping
The top attribute of the companies offering these machines under the tag of earthmoving equipment hire is that they have a dedicated staff for the care and maintenance of the machine and the experts say that perfectly running and good quality equipment is a pre-requisite, if you want to minimize the chances of mistakes in your project.
"I only follow the news of stocks I already own.  I use the GlobeInvest Watchlist  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-investor/my-watchlist/ each Friday night.    In the drop-down views choose ALL NEWS I believe that there is a strong ""grass is greaner .."" effect from always looking at what other stock are doing - leading to switching just before your first stock takes off. It is only when I sell some position that I go looking at other possibilities."
It will not hurt your score to pay off your debt.  It will allow your score to start healing as you plug the holes in your report. What is CRUCIAL is how you pay off the debt.  Make sure you get, in writing, that paying $X amount will fully satisfy the debt and will close the matter as in Pay-To-Delete.  If you try to do a settlement, this is very important. Also, the moral brigade will not like my answer, but if you are close to seven years out on your debts, you might as well not pay them since they will fall off of your report after 7 years.  If you pay any part of the debt however, it will often reset the clock on those 7 years, so tread carefully.
Lol Go where? They are doing nothing but expanding and have a cult like following with an extremely loyal customer base. If a city doesn't have one, they have people waiting to line up and shop at one. People drive hours just to shop at one. There really isn't another store brand you could say this about.  I think they'll be more then fine, and I'm not an even an avid fan though I do shop there once a month or more. I've traveled around the country living in multiple locations they recently expanded to and their location choices and small footprint with huge sales make them highly successful.
It isn't great news, but it is still slow improvement. Check the prime working age labor force participation rate, employment population ratio, average wage, or average hours worked. They all tell the same story. An economy that isn't recovering as fast as anyone would like, but one that is clearly recovering.
Subsidy usually means gratuitous financial support. For example, if for whatever reason you live much below the living average paying utility services in full might be too expensive - you'll be out of money before you even think of buying food and basic clothes. Yet it's clear that once can't live in a city without utility services.  So the government might have a program for subsidizing utility services for people with very low income - a person brings in proof of low income and once it is low enough government will step in and pay that person utility services in full or in part depending on actual income he proves. The same can be organized for anything government or some organization wishes to support for whatever reason. The key idea is someone gives you free money for spending on some specific purpose.
As I understand it... Generally housing can't be considered a business expense unless taken at your employer's explicit direction, for the good of the business rather than the employee. Temporary assignment far enough from you home office that commuting or occasional hotel nights are impractical,  maybe.  In other words, if they wouldn't be (at least theoretically) willing to let you put it on an expense account, you probably can't claim it here.
I hate it when this is done. I like it when design and specs are made like an athlete trains. To make things as great as you can make it and then show it off so that people can see how far you pushed the envelop. To then deliberately retard the thing, hold it back, to stupefy it. The athletes should run as fast as they can and not have their fucking shoelaces tied.
Washington State doesn't have a state income tax for individuals, so unless you've got a business there's nothing to file. Find out more on their website.
"Yes and no.  You can not claim the maid service cleaning your ""home"" but you can cleaning your ""office"" or your office's facilities.  For example, If you have a mother-in-law suite in the back that you converted to an office, AND you have a maid service cleaning just that, THEN you should be able to claim the expense. Another example would be if you have a room in your house set aside as an office (careful here) AND your maid services charges $20 per room, you should be able to claim that $20.  Another example; if you have a maid service that charges you $100 to clean your house, AND you have a dedicated office in that house, THEN you may be  claim a portion of your expenses as a business expense. HOWEVER!!!! This can be very subject to your situation. For example, your much more likely to meet the criteria if you have clients in your office. Much less likely if your the only person using the office.  Also you need to be aware that what the IRS allows you to call an office is not as clear cut as it seems.  Your best bet is to ask a tax consultant."
Why do we reward failure so greatly? I understand the parachutes may be needed in execs you bring in to save a failing company that has little hope, but a profitable business should not be giving out parachutes. If you take over a company and run it into the ground that's your fault. you don't deserve a reward.
"I definitely get where you're coming from.  The envelope system sounds good, but doesn't appeal to most people under 50 for many of these reasons (physical cash in my hand is just a hassle - it has no appeal or reduced spending affect on me). There are various options for prepaid debit cards such as https://www.netspend.com/ or you could use gift cards for things like gas and groceries (though that likely won't get you duplicate cards or automatic payments).  As far as automatic payments, just set that up through your bank. So it's still not a perfect solution.  I wish there was a better, more straightforward way, but this is the best as far as I know. Update: Ramsey solutions has since launched EveryDollar.  This is Dave's preferred solution for an online ""digital envelope system""."
Because large stores do not pay their cashiers enough that the companies can dock the employees' pay if they allow a bad credit card to go through.  So most cashiers at large stores won't take the extra effort to check the card properly.  As a result, large stores come up with other ways to handle potential credit card fraud.  For example, they calculate a certain amount of fraud as expected and include it in their price calculations.  Or they can use cameras to catch fraudsters.   At small stores, there is a much higher chance that the cashier is either the owner or a relative of the owner.  And even those who are unrelated tend to be hired by the owner directly.  The owners do have their pay docked if a bad credit card is accepted, as their pay is the profit from the business.  So they tend to create protocols that, at least in their mind, reduce the chance of taking a bad credit card.  The cashier is often the only employee in the store to check anything.   Another issue is that small stores have a harder time getting approved to accept credit cards.  The companies that process the credit cards can take back their machine if there is a lot of fraud.  So the companies can require more from small stores than they can from big stores.  Those companies can't stop processing cards for Safeway, because they need Safeway as much if not more than Safeway needs them.  So the processors have more leverage to make small stores do what they want.  And small stores can feasibly fire (non-owner) cashiers who do not comply.   Owners of course can't be fired.  But they are far more vulnerable to business losses.  So it is really important to an owner to keep the credit card machine.  And it is pretty important to avoid losses, as it is their money directly.   Relatives of owners may be safe from firing, but they are not safe from family retaliation like taking away television privileges.  And they may also think of the effect of business losses on the family.   Large stores can fire cashiers, but they are chronically understaffed and almost none of their cashiers will consistently follow a strict protocol.  Since fraudsters only need to succeed once, an inconsistent application is almost as bad as no application.  They might charge the cashiers for fraud, but then they would have to pay the cashiers more than minimum wage specifically for that reason (e.g. a $50 a month bonus for no fraud).  For many of them, it's cheaper to risk the fraud.   And large stores can't mix owners and relatives of owners into the mix.  It's hard to say who owns Safeway.  And even if you could, the relationship between one fraud transaction and the dividend paid on one share of stock is tiny.  It would take thousands of shares to get up to a penny.
"While this seems overall a macroeconomics question and not really personal finance, let me give it a shot: The question of why corporations form in a free or efficient market is why Ronald Coase received the 1991 Nobel Prize in Economics, for his work developing the theory of the firm Corporations organize when there are transaction costs in the free market; corporations form when it is in fact more efficient for a corporation to exist than a number of small producers contracting with one another.  To the extent that corporations add efficiency to a total market, they are not ""zero sum"" at all; the net production is increased over what would exist in a market of sole proprietors who would have costs (such as researching the trust levels in counterparts, regulatory compliance, etc) that they cannot bear to engage in the same level of transactions."
"First, to clear up your misconceptions: The balance is not merely made up of deductible and non-deductible contributions.  There are also earnings implied in the balance .. i.e. the whole reason you invest in the first place is to realize some return on investment.  That return, a.k.a. the earnings, are included in the balance of the account.  The balance is the sum total of everything in the account, the ""bottom line"". Generally speaking, basis for an account is all of the money that has been contributed (deposited) to the account.  In the context of an IRA as described in the article, however, they are using basis to refer to only the non-deductible contributions.  Of note, however, is that basis specifically excludes earnings.  If you have deposited, say, $5000 one year and $5000 the next, then your basis is $10,000, even if the balance has grown to, say, $12,000 (which includes the earnings). As may be evident by now, earnings are not equivalent to deductible contributions.  Earnings may arise from such contributions but they are not the same.  Rather, earnings are the net positive investment results from all contributions.  Again, if you had contributed $5000 one year and $5000 the next and the balance has grown to $12,000, then the earnings portion is $2000. So to interpret what happened in the specific example provided: Over the years, the account holder contributed (deposited) a total of $15,000 into his account.  These must have been non-deductible contributions in the case of the IRA in order to arrive at basis of $15,000. Over time (and coincident with the deposits), that $15,000 grew to $24,000 .. i.e. earned $9,000 in earnings. Then, the nearly 50% drop caused the balance to decay to $13,000.  This means all $9,000 of his earnings were wiped out, plus $2000 of the original basis. The remaining $13,000 is all basis .. that is, considered to be original money deposited to the account, no earnings. In effect, the account has lost $2000 of basis, because $15,000 was deposited and only $13,000 remains.  Simplistic way of looking at it:  A $15,000 investment resulted in a final $13,000 sale, i.e. a net loss of $2000. It doesn't matter that it hit $24,000 in the meanwhile .. it could have hit $250,000 in value and then dropped to $13,000 and the net result would be the same: a loss of $2000 in basis. Traditional IRA earnings are always tax-deferred .. i.e. whether earnings arise from deductible or else non-deductible contributions, when one takes a distribution (withdraws) from an IRA and the distribution includes earnings, the earnings portion is always taxable income.  Doesn't matter if the earnings arose from one kind of contribution or the other. I don't think in this example there were any deductible contributions whatsoever. Does that make sense / help?"
Your spouse is eligible for an HSA even if you have one as long as she is covered by a qualified high-deductible plan. In the case that you both had HSAs you would be limited in how much you contribute each year, but both can have accounts. In 2015, you could each contribute $3350 to your separate HSA plans. If you have a combined plan, and even if you switched mid year, you could contribute $6650 during that year total to the two HSAs. That can be divided any way you want as long as the total does not exceed that maximum for the year. You can contribute an extra $1000 if you are over 55 years old.  (I should probably also mention that you can still make contributions for the 2015 year until April 15, 2016, because it's relevant to most who would read this. Also you can only contribute a percentage of that limit matching the percentage of months that you are covered, but if you are covered for the last month of the year, you can contribute the full amount as long as you are covered for the ENTIRE following year.)
Yeah, so the point is that without Wal-mart a lot of disabled people would be unemployed (a bigger burden on the government). Walmart gets to pay x-amount for their laborers and they still get to work. I worked at Wal-mart for 2 months. My experience might be biased since the floor manager was a total moron, but the job was not difficult. To be honest, the most annoying thing about Wal-mart are the goddamn customers. I almost got run over (this is while wearing a fluorescent jacket) about three times.   All this hate on Wal-mart is coming from over-privileged bloggers who get paid to write stupid bullshit the entire year. My friend got kicked out of his house the moment he graduated from high school. He worked at Wal-mart, got paid 10 bucks (higher than minimum wage) and managed to get back on his feet and then joined the Navy.
There are a lot of certifications/designations you could look into if you're willing to put in the time to study. CFA, FRM, CFP, etc. Most financial companies will recognize these although some carry more weight than others.
According to pages 6 & 7 of the instructions for form 1040 in 2009 AMT was only temporarily patched for the year. Congress can't politically afford to drastically cut AMT exemptions by 30 to 40%, and may even retroactively change it, if it isn't passed by the end of the year (despite the constitution forbidding ex post facto laws) : What’s New for 2009 ...    Alternative minimum tax (AMT) exemption amount increased. The AMT exemption amount has increased to $46,700 ($70,950 if married filing jointly or a qualifying widow(er); $35,475 if married filing separately)... What’s New for 2010 ...    Alternative minimum tax (AMT) exemption amount. The AMT exemption amount is scheduled to decrease to $33,750 ($45,000 if married filing jointly or a qualifying widow(er); $22,500 if married filing separately). So, if you are married, and several regular tax deductions push your income below the AMT exemption amount of $45,000, it's quite possible you would be required to pay AMT, even if you didn't last year. There is a work sheet for AMT in the instructions for line 43, but the IRS also provides an AMT calculator. According to page 146 (E-8) of the instructions for form 1040 AMT is paid as: the smallest amount you are allowed to report as your taxable income (Form 1040, line 43). It is also the smallest amount you are allowed to report as your alternative minimum taxable income   (AMTI) on Form 6251, line 29. If the [AMT calculation] is larger than your taxable income would otherwise be, enter the amount from column (c) on Form 1040, line 43 [or ...] Form 6251, line 29.  As always, congress finds ways to further complicate things by making a few credits and losses deductible against the absolute minimum you're expected to pay taxes on, making the AMT a misnomer.
"This is kind of halfway between the stuff I was talking about, and halfway to the stuff I don't want to get into. But it raises some very legitimate and relevant points that are kind of separate from the ""gold standard"" debate.   The big question, taking the banks out of it, is a two-fold one, that goes something like this:   - Is it possible to have a modern economy without credit-markets? and...  - Is it possible to have functional credit-markets without some sort of fractional-reserve currency?  For example, let's say Toyota decides to design a new car. Before they can sell a single unit, someone in Africa or somewhere has to dig up the minerals to make it, someone has to design it, tools have to be re-worked, all that kind of stuff. Building ONE CAR of a new design might cost [a billion dollars or more](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexus_LS).   Obviously it's not realistic for Toyota to expect the first customer to pay that much: they amortize the design and tooling costs over the expected production run or whatever. Moreover, we might say that only companies that have amassed a billion dollars in physical gold from previous sales should be *able* to do that kind of thing...  But there is a relevant question of whether this makes any kind of sense. Should Toyota have to literally ship palettes or dufflebags of physical gold through middlemen and suppliers to the miner in Africa, down to the actual guy who digs up the aluminum or whatever, in order to make this transaction happen?   How would that work, without some sort of intermediary ""promises""?   I'm imagining a scenario where Toyota sends an armored truck full of gold out to go find half-a-ton of aluminum. The drivers cannot rely on any promises or ""fractional reserve"", they must only trade the physical gold in their truck for actual aluminum or expenses along the way...   This starts to defy sanity, in a modern economy. You have to rely on the promises of middle-men and suppliers and contractors and so on. And the instant you have promises, you have fractional reserves, because people are getting paid and money is changing hands that hasn't been minted yet.   It's not just the impracticality of your local supermarket having to trade a bag full of gold for a shipment of lettuce, it's that contracts to purchase would be meaningless, because the driver would have had to give a smaller bag of gold to the supplier, who gave a smaller bag of gold to the grower, and so on... moreover, the supermarket would have to just wait to see what entrepreneurial driver shows up and what they have.   The supermarket obviously cannot ""order"" a hundred heads of lettuce per week with a promise to pay, not unless we also give the supplier permission to order a hundred heads of lettuce a week from the grower, and the grower permission to order seed and hire workers sufficient to grow a hundred heads of lettuce a week, and the workers permission to set up car-payments to get to work, and the seed-supplier to so on and so on...  That sequence of promises is ipso-facto a ""fractional reserve"" system, with or without a central bank. People are promising to deliver gold/cash/whatever that they don't currently have. Moreover, it is entirely possible in a gold-denominated currency for everyone to *keep* those promises, since the gold, like any currency, just keeps changing hands and cycling through the economy.   Your example of ""gold certificates"" is exactly equivalent to privately-arranged contracts/promises to produce a certain amount of gold on completion. It's promises all the way down, unless we insist on instant cash-transactions, e.g., literally handing an employee a dollar's worth of gold every five minutes, or whatever. If the employee is counting on the good-faith of the employer to settle up at the end of the day or week, then we have a fractional-reserve system whether decreed or not.   When you buy an iPhone or a laptop, someone had to dig up the stuff to make it, out of the ground. When you buy a cheeseburger, someone had to grow wheat and someone else had to raise and kill a cow. It's not a reasonable proposition that they should wait for you to show up with a bag of gold before doing those things, in this day and age.   We trade in promises and IOUs. Sometimes that backfires, sometimes catastrophically. But it's remarkable how well it *does* work, most of the time, and how much better it works than the times and places where people had to trade physical goods for physical goods.   This is not an argument against a gold-backed currency."
Your skin on the face can be corrected through effective skin tightening treatments. If you are not ready to invest money for a surgical facelift but still want to remedy your facial skin, then you should go for skin tightening treatment in Noida. The commonly affected areas are the lower face, jaw line, under the eyes and chin and the abdomen.
This is pretty normal.   I am in the UK and currently doing the exact same thing.  As some answers state there is additional tax law called IR35. But thats all it is, an additional tax law that may be applicable to your situation (it very well may not). It is all perfectly legal and common (all my university friends now do it). You will be the director of a company, and invoice the recruiters company.  This has benefits and disadvantages. Personally I love it, but each to their own. Don't do it if you don't want to.
The average joe wouldn't... we would bury our cash in a mayonaise jar before we would take a guaranteed loss... (although the argument could be made that a positive return that doesnt outpace inflation IS a negative return)...  big corporations with billions on hand dont have that luxury however... some investments may also guarantee investors that a certain percentage be allocated to bonds... and in times of deflation a negative return could still provide a net positive return...
"I have received a response from SIPC, confirming littleadv's answer: For a brief background, the protections available under the Securities   Investor Protection Act (""SIPA""), are only available in the context of   a liquidation proceeding of a SIPC member broker-dealer and relate to   the ""custody"" of securities and related cash at the SIPC member   broker-dealer. Thus, if a SIPC member broker-dealer were to fail at a   time when a customer had securities and/or cash in the custody of the   SIPC member broker-dealer, in most instances it would be SIPC's   obligation to restore those securities and cash to the customer,   within statutory limits. That does not mean, however, that the   customer would necessarily receive the original value of his or her   purchase. Rather, the customer receives the security itself and/or the   value of the customer's account as of the day that the liquidation   commenced. SIPC does not protect against the decline in value of any   security. In a liquidation proceeding under the SIPA, SIPC may advance   up to $500,000 per customer (including a $250,000 limit on cash in the   account). Please note that this protection only applies to the extent that you   entrust cash or securities to a U.S. SIPC member. Foreign broker   dealer subsidiaries are not SIPC members. However, to the extent that   any assets, including foreign securities, are being held by the U.S.   broker dealer, the assets are protected by SIPC. Stocks listed on the   LSE are protected by SIPC to the extent they are held with a SIPC   member broker dealer, up to the statutory limit of $500,000 per   customer. As I mentioned in the comments, in the case of IB, indeed they have a foreign subsidiary, which is why SIPC does not cover it (rather they are insured by Lloyds of London for such cases)."
I will never understand the logic behind this. If you buyback shares instead of funding pension liabilities... those liabilities are still there and any serious investor will factor that into the companies stock price.   I guess it's just easier to be a consistent dividend grower and cater to that audience if your outstanding shares decrease.
You can write industry loss warrants. This is the closest thing I’ve found since I’ve been interested in this side of the ILS trade. Hedge funds and asset managers can do this. From what I understand it’s you selling the risk.   Want to start a fund? 🤔
I pulled it off. I did my own searching and so took a lot of load off my agent. As a result my agent agreed to work for 1% commission instead of the normal 3%. Got seller's agent to agree to take 4% instead of 6% and pay my agent the 1%. Seller and I pocketed the difference (I forget how exactly the split went). As it happened, my agent only had to process offers on two houses (one I got outbid on and one I got to buy).
"For anyone who'd like to know a little more:  Basically, I'm curious about ""newer"" styles of portfolio optimization. We all know and love the classic Markowitz Mean-Variance optimization model. Gather your assets, optimize weights based on minimizing variance and maximizing return, plot your capital allocation line, find your Sharpe Ratio portfolio.  [(In case anyone doesn't know what I'm talking about, check this out, it is a very common technique still used quite widely today)](http://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/efficientfrontier.asp)  However, the Markowitz model makes a couple of huge assumptions, one of them being that asset returns roughly follow a normal distribution. Since this is not always the case, new models for risk management and optimization have emerged, starting with Value at Risk, and more recently, [Conditional Value at Risk (CVaR).](http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/conditional_value_at_risk.asp)  You can also draw an efficient frontier for CVaR portfolios [using fairly complicated linear programming techniques, as first outlined in this very influential paper.](http://www.ise.ufl.edu/uryasev/files/2011/11/CVaR1_JOR.pdf) Fortunately, these days, the techniques are widely available in Python and Matlab packages.   For further discussion, what are your thoughts on the Markowitz model? Do you have a preferred portfolio optimization method?"
"Someone (I forget who) did a study on classifying total return by the dividend profiles. In descending order by category, the results were as follows: 1) Growing dividends. These tend to be moderate yielders, say 2%-3% a year in today's markets. Because their dividends are starting from a low level, the growth of dividends is much higher than stocks in the next category. 2) ""Flat"" dividends. These tend to be higher yielders, 5% and up, but growing not at all, like interest on bonds, or very slowly (less than 2%-3% a year). 3) No dividends. A ""neutral"" posture. 4) Dividend cutters. Just ""bad news."""
If the business activities are closely related you could combine them into a single Schedule C, but in your case it sounds like it should be two separate Schedule C's. The loss from one will offset profit from the other, and your self-employment and income taxes will be based on the net of the two businesses. Any business can generate losses, make sure your expenses are reasonable and documented, there are plenty of resources out there for helping you decide which expenses are proper for each business. There is some truth to the warning that not showing profit in 2/5 of years can raise flags at the IRS, and they may deem your business a hobby, which disallows losses. That is not a hard rule, legitimate businesses can lose money for years on end without issue, if you're trying to make money at it, you'll likely be fine.
I would go even further:  You should want to pay as much as possible with your return without having to pay a penalty.  This lets you keep your money as long as possible without costing you anything extra.  You don't want to overdo it and pay fees, so leave yourself some buffer.  Still, try to get yourself in the mindset that paying at tax-time is a good thing!
Conventional wisdom says (100-age) percentage of your saving should go to Equity and (age) percentage should go to debt. My advice to you is to invest (100-age) into index fund through SIP and rest in FD. You can re-balance your investment once a year. Stock picking is very risky. And so is market timing.  Of cource you can change the 100 into a other number according to your risk tolerance.
Credit card merchant fees are $0.15 - $0.40 per transaction plus 1.5-4% of the amount charged. Card issuers are competing to get to be the card in your pocket that you use on a daily basis. If you were a card issuer, wouldn't you like to get 1.5-4% of every transaction I make for the rest of my life? As a side note, ever since I became a business owner and saw how much we are all paying for credit card merchant fees, I've patronized a lot more cash-only businesses. The best ones pass the savings directly on to the consumer.
Cancer is on a remarkably fast rise here in the USA.  My step Dad, just had a tumor removed.  My Father in Law just died from it.  My Grandmother had a breast removed due to it.  My next door neighbor is about to have his second tumor removed.  People all around me have cancer... it seems like it's killing everyone.  But hey.. you know, its a conspiracy thing to mention that it might be caused by Glyphosate or BPA, etc...
If the position starts losing money as soon as it is put on, then I would close it out ,taking a small loss. However, if it starts making money,as in the stock inches higher, then you can use part of the premium collected to buy an out of money put, thereby limiting your downside. It is called a collar.
That's fearmongering. You think a California farmer's going to farm watermelons at that price? HELL NO! They will pick something else that has a better profit margin while the midwest farms will start to produce it. If the Midwest farmers can't because it's still too costly for consumers (doubt it), then we will import them. Simple economics....
"The part that I find confusing is the loan/stock hybridization.  Why would the investor be entitled to a 30% share if he's also expecting to be getting paid back in full? This is the part that's making me scratch my head.  I can understand giving equity and buying out later.  I can understand giving equity with no expectation of loan repayment.  I can understand loan repayment without equity.  I can even understand collateralizing the loan with equity.  I can not understand how ""zeroing out"" the loan still leaves him with a claim on 30% of the equity. Would this be more of a good will gesture as a way to thank the investor for taking a chance?  Please forgive any naivety in my questions."
"Your stupid excuses do not excuse people entering or residing in a country that has not given them permission to do so.  And the legal term is ""illegal alien"". No rational person thinks these are ""illegal"" people.  Say it properly, and stop your pathetic moralizing."
Wait just a second there...  &gt; A sign advertised lots priced from the $300,000s to the $600,000s. Robinson told me that 27 of the Hideaways’ 58 sites have already been purchased, with the completed homes selling for as much as half a million dollars.  So, I have to buy a lot for $600,000 - then spend hundreds of thousands more building a house on that lot - and then you're telling me that the very best I can possibly do, is to then sell it for $500,000???
Like the other answers, I'm not entirely sure the equivalent exists in your country. But in the US there are thrift stores run by charities like GoodWill or the Salvation Army that sell clothes for very little money.  When my wife was in a similar situation very early in her career she learned the trick of driving to thrift stores nearest to the richest neighborhoods in town. She often found high dollar designer clothes that had been worn once (to an event or party) and then donated. Apparently it is quite gauche for the well-to-do to be caught dead in the same outfit twice. It wasn't uncommon for her to find clothes/shoes that retailed for hundreds of dollars for $10 or so.
I use KMyMoney in Linux. They distribute a Mac version too. Plus, it is free!
No way.  The ride sharing space is big enough for multiple successful players.  Good analogy is soft drinks - if Warren Buffet puts money into Coke, that doesn't mean Pepsi is going out of business.  Also, Google has a large stake in Uber.  An investment in Lyft would mean Alphabet believes in the ridesharing industry and they're hedging.
"Assetz East Point is a new launch residential project located at outer Ring Road, Marathahalli in Bangalore. &lt;a href=""http://www.proptiger.com/p-assetz-east-point-marathahalli-bangalore.php""&gt;Assetz East Point&lt;/a&gt; has 10 ultra modern towers each of 12 floors with a total of 400 units spacious 2.5BHK &amp; 3BHK apartments."
Military Real Estate is your source for relocation information, rental information and home purchase information for properties located around the many military bases nationwide. Our partners have realtors and property managers with experience working directly with military members, as well as expertise in the VA loan process.
I still have a soft spot for the whopper Jr. It's the only thing I'll eat with mayonnaise on it. It might be psychological, but maybe once a year, it's the best burger to me :) childhood memories and all that...
I'm not a finance guy (at all), but I would think the saving habits developed over the past few years of down-turn would take awhile to break down again. Meaning people may be able to afford dinner out, but have gotten used to not spending the money on it. I would imagine many people's habits have changed.
I don't think there's much you can do. Losses from the sale of personal-use automobiles (used for pleasure, commuting, etc) are not deductible as capital losses.  See IRS Tax Topic 409, end of the first paragraph.  The expenses you incurred in owning and operating the car (insurance, fuel, maintenance, service plans, etc) are not deductible either. If you used it partly for business, then some of your expenses might be deductible; see IRS Tax Topic 510.  This includes depreciation (decline in value), but only according to a standard schedule; you don't generally just get to deduct the difference between your buying and selling price.  Also, you'd need to have records to verify your business use.  But anyway, these deductions would apply (or not) regardless of whether you sell the car. You don't get your sales tax refunded when you resell the vehicle.  That's why it's a sales tax, not a value-added tax.  Note, however, that if you do sell it, the sales tax on this new transaction will be the buyer's responsibility, not yours. You do have the option on your federal income tax return to deduct the state sales tax you paid when you bought the car; in fact, you can deduct all the sales taxes you paid in that year.  (If you have already filed your taxes for that year, you can go back and amend them.)  However, this takes the place of your state income tax deduction for the year; you can't deduct both.  See Tax Topic 503.  So this is only useful if your sales taxes for that year exceeded the state income tax you paid in that year.  Also, note that state taxes are not deductible on your state income tax return.  Again, this deduction applies whether you sell the car or not.
The sooner we get away from oil the better.  Drilling and fracking is destroying countless ecosystems not to mention people's lives.  When you take into account the disastrous effects it's had on the climate, its pretty much a ticking time bomb for life as we know it...    We as a society need to start voting with our money and moving toward cleaner more sustainable energy and encourage others to abandon the filthy dinosaur that is the oil industry.    I have no sympathy for these  corrupt oil companies.
One important issue that has yet to be covered is the cost (to you) in terms of paperwork, lost time, and phone calls that you have to make to claim the insurance.  Such insurance claims often are very low priority on their customer service queues (for obvious reasons, since they have already made the sale). Therefore, you might have to spend up to a few hours of your time calling or writing emails to claim the warranty, which may often not be much (  Therefore, many people end up not claiming the warranty during the hassle. Much like non-scam mail-in rebates, more often than not you would either forget to or decide it is not worth your time to claim the warranty. Before buying such policies, other than the obvious cost-benefit calculations, you should also take this additional factor into account.   Therefore, many people end up not claiming the warranty during the hassle. Much like non-scam mail-in rebates, more often than not you would either forget to or decide it is not worth your time to claim the warranty. Before buying such policies, other than the obvious cost-benefit calculations, you should also take this additional factor into account.
So how would you regulate the financial sector to keep one ridiculous horde or powerhouse of cash from ruling it, and keep money flowing through the whole system rather than stagnating or spiraling to a small sector?  These questions also bring to mind rivers versus blood vessels.  In rivers, you get eddies and pools.  In the circulatory system, eddies and pools lead to health issues, much like hording and enclosed loops create stagnation or poor financial health.  Just an observation.
Yes the company can still pay dividends even if they aren't making a profit. 1) If the firm has been around, it might have made profits in the past years, which it might be still carrying (check for retained earnings in the financial statements). 2) Some firms in the past have had taken up debt to return the money to shareholders as dividends. 3) It might sell a part of it's assets and return the gain as dividends. 4) They might be bought by some other firm, which returns cash to shareholders to keep them happy. It pays to keep an eye on the financial statements of the company to check how much liquid money they might be carrying around to pay shareholders as dividends. They can stop paying dividends whenever they want. Apple didn't pay a dividend while Steve Jobs was around, even though they were making billions in profits. Many companies don't pay dividends because they find it more beneficial to continue investing in their business rather than returning money to shareholders.
Concentrate on MVP first, after do a little testing (ask friends/family).  If MVP looks well, then start your campaign on Kickstarter or ProductHunt.  Do you have a validation of your idea? Because you need to know You can have a really good idea - but if no one don't use it, the idea will remain an idea..
If the index goes up every single day during your investment, you would indeed be better off with 2x ETFs, assuming no tracking errors. However, this is basically never the case. Indexes fluctuate up and down. And the problem is, with these sorts of ETFs, you double your win on the upside but your downside is more than double. If an index goes up 10% one day and down 10% the next, you lose 1% of the value of your investment (1.1 * 0.9). If you are using 2x ETFs, you lose 4% of the value of your investment (1.2 * 0.8), not 2%. If you are using 3x ETFs, you lose 9% of the value of your investment (1.3 * 0.7), not 3%. So, if the index will continue to rise during your holding period, yes, you are better off with these 2x or 3x ETFs. If the index falls on some days, but rises most other days, the added downside is all but certain to make you lose money even though the stock trends upward. That's why these ETFs are designed for single-day bets. Over the long-term, the volatility of the stock market, combined with your exponentially increased downside, guarantees you will lose money.
Yup. I use my truck at least once a week for my job. It's also very useful hauling stuff back and forth from where I live now and my hometown 75 miles away. Not having a truck is more expensive than having one for me when I factor in the costs and time of working around not having one.
A closed-end fund is a collective investment scheme that is closed to new investment once the fund starts operating.  A typical open-ended fund will allow you to buy more shares of the fund anytime you want and the fund will create those new shares for you and invest your new money to continue growing assets under management.  A closed-end fund only using the initial capital invested when the fund started operating and no new shares are typically created (always exception in the financial community).  Normally you buy and sell an open-end fund from the fund company directly.  A closed-end fund will usually be bought and sold on the secondary market. Here is some more information from Wikipedia Some characteristics that distinguish a closed-end fund from an ordinary open-end mutual fund are that: Another distinguishing feature of a closed-end fund is the common use of leverage or gearing to enhance returns. CEFs can raise additional investment capital by issuing auction rate securities, preferred shares, long-term debt, and/or reverse-repurchase agreements. In doing so, the fund hopes to earn a higher return with this excess invested capital.
I would read this irs page to get an understanding of how this might negativity affect you.  There is an 800 number at the bottom of the page, I would call them and find out what your cousin did file on your behalf (ie Extension).   I would get your original paperwork back from your cousin (or look for copies) and get your return done as soon as possible (either by another CPA or yourself).  If you do owe, you owing more every day thanks to interest.  If you have a refund due, then get your refund.
Crisis and volatility benefit financiers and the wealthy, even more now than they did then. Back then, anybody left standing could buy at the bottom of a depression--while it was those who needed wages to eat who really suffered. Nowadays, arbitrage and derivatives (not to mention federal policy) make volatility itself a profitable proposition for people with lots of money to invest.  That said, I don't think it's a necessary conclusion from Garfield's statement that he thought those at the top *intentionally* caused inflation and depression--merely that their actions brought it about. Maybe he was complaining that the economy would be healthier and more stable if it were truly a free market, or maybe he was arguing that greed at the top led to imprudent policy.
Insurance is a funny product.  As you said, it is a little like gambling.  When I buy term life insurance, I'm essentially betting that I'm going to die within the next 20 years, and the insurance company is betting that I'm not.  I'm hoping to lose that bet! Besides all of the reasons that other answers mentioned, I think part of the reason is psychological.  As in my example, I'm setting up a kind of a win-win situation for myself here.  Let's go with car insurance, a less-morbid example than my first example.  If I don't get into a car accident, great!  If I do get into a car accident, then the traumatic event is at least offset by the fact that the financial impact to me is minimal.  Win-win.
This is just a shot in the dark but it could be intermarket data. If the stock is interlisted and traded on another market exchange that day then the Yahoo Finance data feed might have picked up the data from another market. You'd have to ask Yahoo to explain and they'd have to check their data.
The best way to find good quality is to check the garment tag: What kind of material is it made of? Jersey 100% cotton or any 100% cotton is one of the best quality material for most casual clothing.  Then, you should touch it (designer step/touching). You will get better along the way. If you think you will like it, it may be a good quality. You should try it. and look for similar material when shopping. It does not matter the store where you shop, you should check the garment quality because even at the expensive stores you can find bad quality.  Quality in Stitch: you should check the the garment stitch, look at the top and underneath stitches, watch for good and consist stitching pattern. especially the sides and armholes underneath of the garment.    Style is something personal. Everybody has different style, but stores are classified by age targeting. If you can find a store that usually made your style, good quality material at reasonable price. you should consider shop there. Most of the time, it will cost a little bit more or much more. BUT CHEAP IS EXPENSIVE!! you end up spending more money at the end of the year. Reasonable means a fair price for both parties, You and the seller. Neither cheap or expensive.
"I posted a comment in another answer and it seems to be approved by others, so I have converted this into an answer. If you're talking about young adults who just graduated college and worked through it. I would recommend you tell them to keep the same budget as what they were living on before they got a full-time job. This way, as far as their spending habits go, nothing changes since they only have a $500 budget (random figure) and everything else goes into savings and investments. If as a student you made $500/month and you suddenly get $2000/month, that's a lot of money you get to blow on drinks. Now, if you put $500 in savings (until 6-12 month of living expenses), $500 in investments for the long run and $500 in vacation funds or ""big expenses"" funds (Ideally with a cap and dump the extra in investments). That's $18,000/yr you are saving. At this stage in your life, you have not gotten used to spending that extra $18,000/yr. Don't touch the side money except for the vacation fund when you want to treat yourself. Your friends will call you cheap, but that's not your problem. Take that head start and build that down payment on your dream house. The way I set it up, is (in this case) I have automatics every day after my paychecks come in for the set amounts. I never see it, but I need to make sure I have the money in there. Note: Numbers are there for the sake of simplicity. Adjust accordingly. PS: This is anecdotal evidence that has worked for me. Parents taught me this philosophy and it has worked wonders for me. This is the extent of my financial wisdom."
If you have enough assets at T Rowe Price, you get what I think is a scaled back version of the portfolio tracker for free.
"&gt;  The other big difference between Gen X and the surrounding generations, in regards to retirement, is Social Security. The Baby Boomers will have Social Security for most of the rest of their lives; it's funded, and it won't be a problem. Millenials have mostly come of age knowing that's a joke. Gen X, on the other hand, grew up and worked at least part of their lives under the assumption that Social Security, while having problems, would at least provide some help. However, with the way the economy and government is going, it's very possible that won't be a guarantee without major adjustments (decreased payout, increased retirement age, etc), so they're going to be taking it there as well.  Add in the fact that the [FICA taxation rates changed dramatically over a 3 decade time span](http://www.ssa.gov/oact/progdata/taxRates.html).  Boomers, especially the *early* contingent, were able to earn money for decades at *relatively very low* (&lt; 10%) FICA tax rates, and only faced the higher rates when many were already earning well above the ""cut off""; meanwhile most of GenX have effectively paid +14% on ALL of their earnings for their entire working lives, from the day they left high-school or college.  *About the only ""benefit"" that GenX gets out of all of this, is that it is WE who will be able to write the ""epitaphs"" and the final history about the Boomer Generation (and it isn't going to be a ""love fest"").*"
"I completely agree. And I can also tell you that out of the 89 ""cliches"" that this article mentioned, I've probably only heard 20 of them, and less than 10 on a regular basis (cuz let's face it, ROI actually does mean something)"
It's definitely broken window fallacy. The entire premise is that vehicle accidents cost money and productivity. If they can be avoided, we will be more productive. If we had technology that made car insurance obsolete, everyone in that industry could do another productive activity.  Textbook broken window fallacy.
This guy owns a hotel and timeshare company, it's not exactly a unique business.  There are probably a thousand other people who could take it over and keep it running no problem, or another hotel and/or timeshare company that could just incorporate it into its own business.  It's not at all comparable to something as unique as Steve Jobs and Apple.
Your three options are: Options 2 and 3 are obviously identical (other than transaction costs), so if you want to keep the stock, go for option 1, otherwise, go for option 3 since you have the same effect as option 2 with no transaction costs.  The loss will likely also offset some of the other short term gains you mentioned.
"I'm not sure which article you are referring to- if you are talking about the convergex article.... it literally describes what they did in the article.   Tradeworx and software company thesys(both founded by manoj narang) provide data to the sec and function as market makes- they are highly respected and handle over 5% of us equity by volume.   Their ""head people"" is manoj narang. I don't think he ""bailed out"". As you can read [here](https://research-doc.credit-suisse.com/docView?sourceid=em&amp;document_id=x569866&amp;serialid=lZPbU6l0cgAqB%2B1gg4uZFLk14dBwhfSb9lZ3%2BdmPHV4%3D) they are willing 53% of the trades they place everyday and have   He has stated in an interview he wants to explore options trading.   They were debunking myths because of the regulators wanted answers and at the time hft was not understood very well. Narang also testified at a senate committee[video here](https://youtu.be/NG47K41Q7KA)"
Am I eligible for the tax exemption if yes then under which section.  Generally Personal loans are not eligible for tax exemption. Only housing loans from qualified institutions are eligible for tax deduction. As per the income tax act; The house should be in your name. The home loans taken from recognised institutions are fully qualified under section 24B and 80C. This means you can claim Interest exemption under 24B and Principal repayment under 80C. The Act also specifies that loan can be taken from friends/relatives for construction of property and will be eligible for Interest exemption under 24B only. The principal will not be eligible for exemption under 80C. Read the FAQ from Income Tax India. There has to be certificate showing how much interest was paid on the said loan. Further there should be records/receipts on how the money was spent. There is difference of opinion amongst CA. It is best you take a professional advise.
True story:  There are several Admirals in the United States Navy that still do not understand how to use e-mail. They have their staff print the e-mails into hard copy and then either hand write or type a reply (on a typewriter) for their staff to send back as an e-mail.
You have plenty of good answers, but I want to add something that might help you grow your intuition on stocks. There are a lot of differences between the example I am going to give and how the stock market actually runs, but the basic concepts are the same. Lets say your friend asks you if he can borrow some money to start up a company, in exchange you will have some ownership in this company. You have essentially just bought yourself some stock. Now as your friend starts to grow, he is doing well, but he needs more cash to buy assets in order to grow the company more. He is forced with an option, either give you some of the profits, or buy these assets sooner. You decide you don't really need the money right now, and think he can do a lot better with spending the money to buy stuff. This is essentially the same as a company electing to not pay dividends, but instead invest into the future. You as a stock holder are fine with it since you know the money is going toward investing in the future. Even if you never get paid a dividend, as a company grows, you can then turn around and sell the stock to someone else for more money then you gave originally. Of course you always take the risk of having the company failing and loosing some if not all of your investment, but that is just the risk of the market.
Isn't that a deduction mostly used by the top 1%? There seem to be mostly 2 types of people, those who own many homes, And those that rent them...  I always thought the mortgage interest deduction was used substantially more by the wealthy than the middle class... (Luxury homes also offer higher deductions right?)
Why do you say we need a national ID?    IMO we're in this mess not because we needed a nation ID, but because it was easier/cheaper to just use an SSN for identification instead of the plethora of other options we already have at the state level.
(Note: The OP does not state whether the employer-sponsored retirement savings are pre-tax or post-tax (such as a Roth 401(k)). The following answer assumes the more common case of a pre-tax plan.) This is a bad idea, IMHO. IRS Pub 970 lists exceptions to the 10% early withdrawal penalty for educational expenses. This doesn't include, as far as I can tell, student loan payments. So withdrawing from your retirement account would incur both income tax and penalties. Even if there were an exception, you'd still have to pay income taxes, which, depending on the amount and your income, could be at a higher marginal rate than you are currently paying.  If you really want the debt gone as soon as possible, why not reduce the amount you contribute to the retirement plan (but not below the amount that gets you the maximum employer match) and use that money to increase your monthly payments to the student loan? Note that, if you do this, you will pay taxes on income that would have been tax-deferred in order to save money on interest, so there's still a trade-off. (One more thing: rather than rolling over to your new company's plan, you could roll over to a self-directed Traditional IRA.)
My first apartment was a large 750 sq foot studio apartment. I am sure you could find a smaller studio apartment. There is no reason a minimum wage employee should expect to live in an average apartment when they make below average wages, they should expect to live in the least expensive housing type or with their parents. Originally, minimum wage was for a kids first job, not for an adult working fast food. At some point kids stopped working in high school. I had jobs in high school. In the last 10 years something changed.
"While It is understandable to be concerned about the choices offered between Mr.20% and the Oft Returning Hemorrhoid, I don't think the US should be lecturing you about a stable government.  It turns out the US Secretary of State Called the US President a ""Fucking Moron"", so this meeting you had, don't put to much weight in it, you will have to have it again with the new US Secretary of State and explain all over again that the Taliban is not a type of crop that covers 40% of Afghanistan and no, minerals cannot really be found in President Ghani's ass, it was just a figure of speech."
"How, exactly, did you differentiate yourself from the rest of the pack?  Networking.  I also tailored all of my resumes blasts to the company/position.   ""isn't the internet generally where network groups are announced?""  Yes.  The point is to go to them.  Not just blast your resume out to email addresses."
for one thing, marketing.  e.g. there are some ads that runs on radio 5-10x a day every day over networks reaching many tens of millions every day.  if you're working a website site as your pitch, the big marketer crushes you with massive exposure, 800 phone numbers, live 24 hour service...etc
I am under the impression these comments are where we put our subjective thoughts. Kind of like how all of your comments are subjective as well.   I have not heard Trump express such thoughts. Regardless, what he says is always meaningless pandering.
Generally, you need something that goes up over time during periods of index decline, but otherwise holds some value.  Historically, people tend to use gold for that purpose.  But with gold also set up for possible declines, that raises questions.  Silver has dropped a bit more than gold in terms of percentages.  If you think the downward motion will be in the form of sudden jumps, you can look at putting some of your money in puts away from the current price, but you can easily wind up paying too much for this protection.   In the case of a deflation, most things lose value vs. money, and you want all cash. These things might already be obvious.  I don't think there is a clear answer to your question.  But if the future were clear, the present market could possibly anticipate and adjust... one reason the future of the market always seems a bit murky.
In the UK, this is the very definition of a Public Limited Company.    A Limited Company can restrict how its stock is trades and who can buy and sell and when, a Public Limited Company cannot. Most stock exchanges will only allow Public Limited Company stock to be traded. Therefore a company can control who its stock holders are or be traded on a Stock Exchange.
As with everything else, it's a question of trade-offs. Pros For Buying In Bulk Cons For Buying In Bulk Inventory cost. You need to purchase more shelving/cupboards to stock the goods.  This is a real cost. The psychological effect of having more means you are more likely to use more, thus costing you more. Deflation of the cost of the item should occur over time in a well-functioning market economy.  A $10 item today might be $9.50 in one year in real terms. There is a real opportunity cost associated with overbuying.  Granted, an extra $100 in your bank account won't be earning too much if you have to spend it one month later, but it does mean you have less financial independence for that month. Risk of spoilage.  There is a nonzero risk that your goods could be ruined by flood/fire/toddler/klutz damage. You need to decide which of these pros and cons are more important to you.  Financially, you should only buy what you need between shopping trips.  In reality the convenience of holding goods in storage for when you need them may outweigh the costs.
Yes. Sears and Walmart didn’t destroy the economy, they set the bar higher.  Let markets do their thing. Amazon eventually will show a weakness and then the innovators dilemma will take over, just like it always has.   Markets consistently consolidate and fragment. It keeps things healthy :)
"When I was in this situation, I always did Married Filing Separately. In the space for spouse you just write ""non resident alien"". I'm assuming you don't make more than the Foreign Earned Income exclusion (about $100k), so the fact that you don't qualify for certain exemptions is probably irrelevant for you.  As a side note, now that you are married you have ""a financial interest in"" all her bank accounts so if her and your foreign bank accounts had an aggregate value of over $10k at any point in 2015 you have until June 30th to file an FBAR, listing both her and your accounts. If you have a decent amount of assets you might need to fill out form 8938 with your tax return too. Here is a link with the reporting thresholds. https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Corporations/Summary-of-FATCA-Reporting-for-U.S.-Taxpayers"
What I think was being asked (and so this is how I interpreted it) is not the transition from public to private, but a corporation itself buying all its shares back, and as a result having no shareholders.  In this case we could envision that all outstanding shares would be become treasury stock.  My argument was that this would never happen in a practical setting.  Obviously, if you interpret the question differently, for instance to be about all the shares of firm being purchased by someone else (as in a private equity buyout), you get very different answers about practicality.  So I'm not disagreeing with you at all, I just read the question differently.
Apple does not have a philosophy of marketshare at any cost. They have a goal of making a healthy profit from whatever they do. So the only share they do care about, is profit share, and they are winning that one.([1](http://www.macrumors.com/2012/05/03/apple-and-samsung-claim-99-of-profits-among-top-mobile-phone-vendors/))  This race to the bottom that android makers might be participating in, is not interesting for Apple to take part of. They want the status of a luxury item, and have people desire to at some point have an iPhone of their own.   They are already making the iPhone more accessible on the marked by keeping production of older models and selling them for a reduced price. But is only as long as those models can keep a good profit margin, and keep up sales.
"Why is this even on the table?  It's effectively a **revenue neurtral** proposal! You still pay taxes on ""tax deferred"" retirement plans - In fact, I would dare say that in most cases, people end up paying **more** in taxes, because they pay it as regular income rather than LTCG.   The poor will still eat cat food and live on SSI; the rich consider what $18k/year would get them as a laughable pittance (and I say that as someone who *doesn't* grudge them their wealth).  This will *only* have the effect of fucking the middle class.  There is absolutely no other possible interpretation."
Cool! Financial IT is fun. Banks wouldn't run without us :).  I'm doing a Master's while working part time in IT in an investment bank. I'm kind of on the fence of if I should go for a more technical profile (software development) or business profile (IT business analysis). It's quite the different career tracks...
Well underwater means their property has lost value, so by definition its not their fault.   Neocons blame people who sign up for payments they cant afford which really is their own fault if they just didn't take into account the full term of their loan and just paid attention to the first months payment.
That's like saying movie ticket sales are down because the current crop of films are garbage. Nobody wants the current crop of games. It's also summer and people tend to game more in colder weather.  And they excluded digital downloads. Some if the best titles are tiny indie games, and they tend to be download only. Who has a super meat boy disc?
Let's work from the inside out. Options are not stock. Options are a contract that give you the right to own the stock. For options to have value they have to be exercised. Straight line means that each quarter 1/16th of the option grant becomes yours and the company cannot take it away. Four quarters in a year times four years is 16 quarters. 'Grant' means they are giving you the options at no cost to you. 'Nonqualified' means that there is nothing you have to do, or be, in order to get the options. (Some options are only for management.)
That may depend largely in which country you are in, the legislation in that country and the state of the economy and property market (more specifically) at the time of the foreclosure. In Australia, where we do not have non-recourse loans (except in SMSFs) the banks are obliged to recoup as much as possible for the mortgagee, however they would not hold on to the property indefinitely, as that could cause other problems and they have to return the mortgagee portion of the funds back to them (if there is any funds left after the bank takes their portion).  In 2008, when the property market here was weak we had bought some foreclosure houses and were able to get them 20% to 25% below what they were selling at the year before. If there was a forclosure in today's strong market in Australia (and especially in Sydney), I dought you would get much of a discount at all. So it may largly depend on the demand and supply at the time of the forclosure.
"I would start by taking it to your bank and asking them what they think. They can probably call the bank on the check and find out if it is still good. If they let you deposit the check, I would wait a couple of weeks before spending the money, in case the issuing bank decides that the check is no good, and your bank wants its money back.  If you are told that the check is not good anymore, the next thing I would do is to check with your state's treasurer's office and see if they have any ""unclaimed money"" for your mother."
&gt; If someone who is paid $200k+ a year is flying long haul to participate in some meetings, I want them at their best at those meetings, as their time is worth $100/hr.       I work with plenty of people in private industry who earn far more than that who only get economy flights paid for.
"Week after week, I make remarks regarding expenses within retirement accounts. A 401(k) with a 1% or greater fee is criminal, in my opinion.  Whole life insurance usually starts with fees north of 2%, and I've seen as high as 3.5% per year. Compare that to my own 401(k) with charges .02% for its S&P fund.  When pressed to say something nice about whole life insurance, I offer ""whole life has sent tens of thousands of children to college, the children of the people selling it."" A good friend would never suggest whole life, a great friend will physically restrain you from buying such a product."
"Here's a sneak peek of /r/gatekeeping using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/gatekeeping/top/?sort=top&amp;t=all) of all time!  \#1: [People are always judging millennials nowadays](https://i.redd.it/luvt6kxmnpez.jpg) | [1129 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/gatekeeping/comments/6slbnf/people_are_always_judging_millennials_nowadays/)   \#2: [You think 4th grade is tough?](https://i.redd.it/k7liosnjfjlz.jpg) | [332 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/gatekeeping/comments/6zup3b/you_think_4th_grade_is_tough/)   \#3: [My friend says I'm not allowed to get Szechuan sauce because I'm not a ""true"" Rick and Morty fan](https://i.redd.it/bu74834vcgqz.jpg) | [1696 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/gatekeeping/comments/74wlu3/my_friend_says_im_not_allowed_to_get_szechuan/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)"
"There isn't really a generic options strategy that gives you higher returns with lower risk than an equivalent non-options strategy. There are lots of options strategies that give you about the same returns with the same risk, but most of the time they are a lot more work and less tax-efficient than the non-options strategy. When I say ""generic"" I mean there may be strategies that rely on special situations (analysis of market inefficiencies or fundamentals on particular securities) that you could take advantage of, but you'd have to be extremely expert and spend a lot of time. A ""generic"" strategy would be a thing like ""write such-and-such sort of spreads"" without reference to the particular security or situation. As far as strategies that give you about the same risk/return, for example you can use options collars to create about the same effect as a balanced fund (Gateway Fund does this, Bridgeway Balanced does stuff like it I think); but you could also just use a balanced fund. You can use covered calls to make income on your stocks, but you of course lose some of the stock upside. You can use protective puts to protect downside, but they cost so much money that on average you lose money or make very little. You can invest cash plus a call option, which is equivalent to stock plus a protective put, i.e on average again you don't make much money. Options don't offer any free lunches not found elsewhere. Occasionally they are useful for tax reasons (for example to avoid selling something but avoid risk) or for technical reasons (for example a stock isn't available to short, but you can do something with options)."
IANAL, but I'm pretty sure buying something at a store does not enter you in a contract with the store.   Also, Target made up the rule about not allowing gift cards and then chose not to enforce it. According to the article, they chose not to enforce it over and over again. In fact, when the promotion ended, Target renewed it with the same terms! Calling these customers cheaters is baseless.
"1.- Every dell computer owner knows what is this diagnostic test for? maybe you can explain some stuff about it (you can Insert bullet points in the video, just one word, while you say it).  2.- What is your segment are you targeting with these videos? what do you know about the people that looks for tips, advices in youtube (age, gender, tech savvy?) if your audience is young I would suggest to make the videos more ""fresh"", different music, intro, maybe some jokes. On the other hand if your audience is old and not tech-savvy at all you will have to be more clear, maybe you start with instructions in bullet points and then you show how to do it in a computer (pressing the keyboard, showing the screen, etc.).  That's my humble opinion"
Your emergency cargo is delivered to its destination under the supervision of our expert team, through an optimized system that minimizes all documentation procedures and ensures the shortest delivery time. Air Charter Control is your ideal solution partner for territories and airports to which there are no airline flights.
Walmart has been rolling out click-and-collect for the last couple years and is doing an amazing job of it. I've talked to a lot of mothers who have tried it and they absolutely love it. When you've got a bunch of kids, all you have to do is pull into the parking lot and Walmart places your groceries and anything else you bought into your trunk. The workers have been trained to pick out the best produce and I've heard nothing but praise from those who have used it. If anything, this seems like Amazon playing catch up this time.
Yeah it's not that uncommon to work at least in large part for stock options for start ups. They literally have people who invest large sums of money in them just for stocks (very frequently they use venture capitalists or angel investors for capital), same line of reasoning can apply to writing some code. The OP dude reacted (and acted) really poorly and the programmer acted pretty reasonably though.
Kushagra Bajaj received a young entrepreneur, He also acheived`Young Achiever’ award by the jury of the tenth  Rajiv Gandhi Awards. Prior to this, India Today  and he was nominated for the Indian government's Padma Shri award. Bajaj became Chief Executive with overall responsibility for operations at Bajaj Hindusthan Limited. He was later appointed Vice Chairman of the Bajaj Group.
"Why do these stories use the word ""avoid"" instead of ""delay"". It's only ""avoided"" if they never bring the money into the US and instead find some way to spend it off shore. If their stockpile gets too big, investors are going to want some sort of return."
"Edgar Online has this information for companies under SEC regulations and they are reported in ""Form 4"" so that should help guide your search"
Pruitt is a shameless whore for profit-making non-human entities which have first Amendment rights to influence you and Congress with their billions of dollars.  And oh yeah, those non-human legal entities don't have to breathe air, so why should they care about protecting the environment, which would reduce their profits?
Based on my research while asking How are unmarketable market orders (other side of the order book is empty) matched with incoming orders? and the one answer there, it seems like there are a few things for certain: All of this of course depends on the exact algorithm specified by the given exchange - I don't think there's a standard here.
I used to work at a toys r us after my freshman year of college. There were about 4-5 of us responsible for the 2nd most busy/profitable store in Atlanta. Half the time I had to handle the overflow of customers in my R-Zone. They did not pay that great, offered no advancement, and treated everyone like crap.
Small companies need not pay out heft dividends. It makes much more sense to invest it directly in to the company to build  a stronger company and produce future results. For example just say Mike see's a company called Milk Inc.  Milk inc is doing very well and for the last three year's the amount the profits are increasing by has been going up by 10% the company is still small and doesn't do dividends. Mike see's opportunity and snatches up 1000 at 2.20 , He knows this company does not pay dividends. 10 years pass and this company is absolutely booming  profits are still going up the company has decided to start paying hefty dividends as it no longer needs as much money to invest in it's growth. Shares are now valued at 6.80 . Mike banks.
My personal opinion, start a small business and just do it. You will learn faster than anything you can learn online. Keep it small, then when the disasters come, you can recover. Decide what kind of business you want to do, what area, then just start. Feel free to PM me if you need help. Also, SCORE is a consulting group of retired executives, Free, and you can get a lot of advice there too. Classes are fine, but if you want to do business, just do it, you will learn more, faster, than any class (once you figure out what kind of business you want to do)
When you're debt free everything you own feels different. The lack of financial stress in your life goes away. BUT! before you do go gung-ho on paying down debt think through these steps (and no I did not come up with them. Dave Ramsey did and others). Truncated from - http://www.daveramsey.com/new/baby-steps/ I have 1 credit card. Only use it for business/travel but pay it off every month (yay for auto-draft). Everthing else is cash/debit and we live by a budget. If it's not in the budget we don't buy it. Easy as pie. The hard part is disciplining yourself to wait. Our society is gear for BUY NOW! PAY LATER! and well you can see where that has taken our country and families. And celebrate the small victories. Pay off 1 debt then go have a nice dinner. Things like that help keep you motivated and pursuing the end goal.
"I agree, and would add that the Sears website is the worst ""major retailer"" I've shopped online.  They can't track stock based on what is sold.  Many of their products are sold by shady 3rd parties, and the search results are almost useless."
Tackling your last point, all banks in the EU should be covered to around €100,000. The exact figure varies slightly between countries, and generally only private deposits are covered. In the UK it's the FSCS that covers private deposits, to a value of £85,000, see this for more information on what's covered. In France (for a euro denominated example), there's coverage up to €100,000 provided by Fonds de Garantie des Dépôts, see this (in French) for full details. There's a fairly good Wikipedia Article that covers all this too. I'll let someone else chime in on the mechanics of opening something covered by the schemes though!
Pure Chocolate Indulgence provide professional chocolate fountain hire for all special occasions and functions covering the East Midlands, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire Leicestershire, Yorkshire right down to London.  Due to our quality chocolate and outstanding service within the industry we were invited to stand at the 2012 Olympics.  We also supply:- personalised chocolate bars and love heart sweets, sweet cart hire, sweet buffet hire, candyfloss hire, popcorn hire, milkshake bar (the only company to offer this service), waffle station, champagne/drinks fountain (5 gallons), red and gold carpet hire with stanchions. From wedding receptions to children’s birthday parties, Pure Chocolate Indulgence can tailor a hire package to suit your event and personal tastes.  Copies of our Public Liability insurance, PAT certificates of electrical equipment and appropriate food hygiene certificates can be supplied upon request.
"Doesn't it make more rational sense to have business people running hospitals though? I mean, generic ""business"" skills are much easier to come by than doctoring skillls -- and if you get business people running the hospitals, then you can have mor doctors working in them."
Yeah, too subjective of a question I shorted BP last year during the deep water crisis, using a leveraged account 20 times larger than the amount of cash I actually had, instantly profitable. I was long Freddie Mac in March 2009 and that took several months to turn to move and turned a 100% gain I've flipped penny stocks trading at .0001 cents, bought a few million shares and sold them at .0002 cents. Sometimes instantly, sometimes over several months because they were illiquid I'm primarily a derivatives trader right now, which I did not know about or understand less than a year ago. Dont have crazy targets, that how you will blow up your account. Have meticulously calculated plans. Also you need to determine what kind of trader you are.
Well, it's the manufacturers who provide the software, not the banks.  Very often, the banks have little to do with the ATMs other than ensuring they have a good network connection (unless said ATM has a cell modem) and loading them with money.  Sometimes they don't even load money and have armored companies do it for them.      As to why NCR, Diebold, Hysosung, etc have opted to use Windows, you'd have to ask them.  I'm no IT guy, just someone who learns what I need to as different things come up.  Put it this way:  I also use drills and angle grinders on safes, vaults and other things, but I'm not trained in metalwork.
It's hard to financially justify buying a house just for one person to live in. You end up being 'over-housed' (and paying for it). Would you rent a whole house for yourself?  A condo might be an option - but TO ME the maintenance fees are hard to take (and they are notorious for increasing dramatically as the building ages). You could consider buying a house that includes 1 or 2 rental units, or sharing with a friend. You do run the risk of having bad tenants though, and you have additional maintance to deal with. Having a rental unit in my modest house has worked out very well for me (living alone), and I have been VERY fortunate with tenants.
All rules have unintended consequences.  The more complex the ruleset, the more difficult it is to predict the outcome.  The choice is fundamentally to constantly change the rules, and pile rules on top of rules, or simplify the rules and make them more permanent.   If what the MP was suggesting was tax-code simplification in order to reduce the unintended side-effects then I would call this smart.  However adding extra rules and making the tax-code denser and more difficult to follow I believe makes the 'intent' of the law _harder_ to follow, undermining the purpose of creating the new rules.
"No, but it is certainly a possibility. the efficient market hypothesis would say that this means that the market perceives the present value of all future earning as negative. These earnings might take the form of a writedown of assets at some point. (Companies carry a goodwill asset that is generally imaginary.  They book that asset when they buy companies for more than they are worth.) It would be as if PRUN was a stock tracking my life.  If I bought my house in 2006 for $1 million cash. I might have a book value of $1 million.  However, PRUN might trade at $500k because the market knows that my asset isn't really worth $1 million and at some point my earnings will take a hit to reflect that. It might also mean that future ""real"" earnings ""ie actual profit and loss on sales"" are going to be negative. This would mean bankruptcy is more likely."
Very cool! good for you. We're a rare breed - actually doing something with our finance knowledge.  The rotten part I think is they've had enough success to be self employed. At that point, you start realizing the limitations of most people when you are successful, and so you become closed off. I'm as guilty of this as they were.  &gt; conservative.... but it's not for me  You're right on that part. Definitely have to see what your sweet spot is and stick to that. Anything that requires me to constantly check up on the industry is out for me. But I follow tesla for many reasons and it's something I worked hard to get comfortable with (more than 1,000 hours). My comfort zone is owning 4 stocks after looking at 1,000+. And watching them closely, ignoring the rest. I also don't have time for much more. My other favorite, that might be more up your alley: Davita (DVA). I am a big fan and comfortable with the industry to know they're going to do well from here.
What a bizarre explanation of what's really happening here- or more specifically, what isn't happening.   This will solve some logistical issues related to multicenter treatment and certain tests that are outsourced to more specialized institutions, but had absolutely nothing to do with speed or accuracy of molecular profiling of cancers.  Current modalities absolutely  do not take 8-10 weeks to complete. They take a couple days at most. The only context in which any of this makes sense is one in which you assume full genotyping of all patients in the very near future, with a robust improvement in our understanding of the molecular underpinnings of cancer. Let's say we have a  patient with lung adenocarcinoma who we want to test for egfr mutation status, to determine whether we need to initiate erlotinib therapy.   We don't need or want the full genome. All we need is specific exon sequencing.   Talking about a nationwide network of information only makes sense if we plan on having bioinformaticists go nuts exploring genes that we currently have no understanding of with regard to pathogenesis or treatment of cancer.  Saying this will speed diagnosis is like saying a faster internet connection will help you build a computer way faster. It's nonsensical.
There are quite a few things you would need to do; Estimate how much you are earned, find out the tax liability and pay the tax in advance to Income Tax. You can do it online as well, go to the Income Tax website The interest you earn is also taxable and Bank would deduct a nominal amount, ensure that you have PAN registered with the Bank Account. You need to add this to your overall income and pay tax. You would also need to file returns every year.
Since you're a student, I presume you will not be needing a computer that needs to do heavy lifting, unless of course you are studying data analytics programme.  I suggest you have a look at this link: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuggestALaptop/comments/5sh111/2017_best_laptop_recommendations_guide_for/  Get one that is in the lower spectrum of your budget for now, and focus on getting the skills before you purchase an expensive one.  All the best!  EDIT: Check /r/trumpssaggingFUPA comment - highly recommend this otherwise its going to be pain to input the numbers
Longing the short ETF will give you better returns than shorting the long etf.  The reason is that as the price gets the smaller the absolute price change gets a lot smaller. So you would rather have upward price exposure than downward.  A good case is SPXU and UPRO
This article is very short on details. How much Bitcoin did he buy? If he spent $10k or more the bank is LEGALLY REQUIRED to ask why he is buying it, just as they would be if he was withdrawing the cash.  What's more, the threshold can be far lower than 10K, especially if it appears you  are doing multiple  transactions for  the express purpose  of being below 10K. Since the article explicitly said he did multiple transactions, this is a likely possibility as well.
Michael Moojan Mavaddat is the Managing Director of International Land Developments Pty Ltd (ILD) and with over two decades of extensive experience in both Residential and Commercial developments, ILD is a specialist property development company dealing with large scale land acquisitions and developments.
As you can tell from books already posted here, the way you asked the question is very broad. If you want the nuts and bolts of running a business with more than 10 people here are some I'd recommend.  Kiss Theory Goodbye by Prosen Mastering the Rockefeller Habits by Harnis Awesomely Simple by Spense  See my other reviews of business books at https://www.librarything.com/catalog/BizCoach
First of all, bush was a liberal. He expanded the federal government to a size that had never before been reached. So yes, liberal policies fail.  Speaking of which! Glass steagall's repeal was the biggest reason for the financial crisis. Clinton repealed it. Obama didn't reinstate it.  Liberal policies never DON'T fail.
But how can you have continued growth? Nothing is perpetual at least not in real life - maybe in theory :)  I'm guessing you're talking about growth in the money supply right? Well how can you keep growing your money supply indefinitely if doing so requires the creation of a larger amount of debt than the amount that already exists?  Think of it in rounds. If each round of debt requires that new debt to the amount of 105% of the old debt is created, how long can you keep that running for? You've essentially got the principle of compound interest working against you.   I'm obviously missing something really big because this seems ridiculous to me...
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [About Us](https://www.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/79x4ll/about_us/)  &amp;nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
I’m preparing for an interview with Vanguard &amp; What I was told to do was to practice answering behavioral questions in the STAR format. Made a word doc answering popular questions in that format. Also just know as much as possible about the company. Reading their market and economic outlook and asking a question based on that could be good too.
"I guess the best option in the end depends on your legislation, and maybe on the local insurance ""habits"" - I don't know anything singapore, but here some general thoughts about the problem. More specialized thoughts:"
You're most likely required to file in both for 2013 - since you've lived in both. From 2014 and on you're definitely a NY resident (since you're renting a place there and live there), and you may very well continue being NJ resident (since you're essentially continue being domiciled there). I suggest talking to a EA/CPA licensed in NY and NJ to try and see what you can do to avoid being resident in both the states, or see if it is at all an issue other than filing everything double.
"very smart viewpoint in my very humble opinion- ""The lesson is that there’s more than one way for a state to have a successful economy. That’s a sentiment that is seldom shared because you can’t score partisan points saying things like, “There is more than one way to do something.” Don’t @ me, but maybe states can be highly taxed and highly regulated like California, or maybe they can be more business-friendly like Texas, and they can each succeed in a way that pleases their citizens.""  http://www.houstonchronicle.com/business/texanomics/article/Gov-Abbott-keeps-bashing-California-but-Texas-11202452.php"
I would not do a bill of sale for less, but a legal and safe way to reduce the taxes is to write separate bills for the boat, motor and trailer.  The taxes are paid at different rates and will represent to full sale price.
I am pretty sure he is referring to the fact that hedge funds manage over $2.1 trillion of capital, a good deal of which comes from pension funds and charitable endowments BUT their fees are falling and someone has got to do it.
"Actually reminds me of the A&amp;W burger diaper.    It was a fantastic way to wrap and eat a burger in the car, yet they called it the ""burger diaper"" in house... which trickled it's way to the customer before mine even sold one.  It took less than a year to contract with Sonic to take over that location for me."
I slept in the office occasionally while working at one of America's most prestigious investment banks. Definitely efficient. I also lived 10 minutes away from the office. Is that really prohibited by the DoL? Hopefully not by Trump's DoL.   Also not sure what your point is for sharing that article. Just a dispute between franchisees and the parent company about how the ad fund is spent.
In my opinion, the simplest way to run these numbers is to first assume you are borrowing the full amount, including the points, if any.  They run a spreadsheet, and while using the new rate, apply your full current payment each month.  Then compare balances at month 48. You'll find it easy to calculate the breakeven. In the case of the negative points, it's immediate. For higher points, the B/E is later but then you are further ahead each month.
"Because 401k's are also used by self employed. A person who has a schedule C profitable income can open a 401k and ""match"" in whatever ratio he wants, up to 25% of the net profits or the limits you stated. This allows self-employed to defer more income taxes to the future. Why only self-employed? Good question. Ask your congressman. My explanation would be that since they're self-employed they're in much more danger of not having income, especially later in life, if their business go south. Thus they need a bigger cushion than an average W2 employee who can just find another job."
I think that you could probably structure a trust like this.  The terms would be that the money is in trust for Person A if they claim it by some deadline.  After that it will go to Person B.  This won't be a cheap option though, since you'll probably need an attorney to structure it properly.
So the EU is forcing its ~~green religion dogma~~ taxation policies on US airlines flying in international airspace? Or is it just taxing the fuel that is burned while flying through EU airspace?  If the tax applies to all of the fuel that is burned, even that which is burned in international and US airspace, who gets the money?
"What do you ""better equipment than necessary""?   If I want a car that runs 300 miles on a battery charge, I don't want to put a battery that actually runs for 400 miles.  The only purpose of this ""trick"" by Tesla is to charge more money from consumers for what they already own and paid for.  &gt; The side effect is longer battery life and the option to upgrade without needing service.  This my problem and choice as the car owner: if I ignore the warning from the car that I over-taxing the battery and will shorten it's life, then it's my choice.   And ""upgrade without service"" is ridiculous. It better to say ""unlocking existing features in the car you already own""."
If it turns out that you do want to help pay the tax bill (after answering all the questions above), I say cash out those funds. You are apparently very young with a long work life ahead (lucky you). Step aside from the actual money part of it for a moment. What does your Mom want? What do you really want to do about this? Is it from love that you want to help but are afraid it's a bad financial decision? Or is it from a feeling of duty and you deep down don't really want to spend your savings on Mom's tax bill. - If you really do want to help and you have the wherewithall to do so, then do it. Otherwise don't. You can recover financially. - I myself have had my retirement savings go to nearly zero 3 times. The first time I recovered pretty easily. The second time, not so easily. I'm just starting on the recovery path for the 3rd time at age 58 and I highly doubt I ever will recover this time. I didn't cash out on purpose but the stock market was not friendly. - My main point is to figure out truly what you want.
There are two very large negative factors that affect Yahoo's valuation.   The first is that their search business is in decline and continues to lose ground to Google and even Bing.  There's no sign that they have any plan or product in the works to offset this decline, so there's tremendous uncertainty about the company's forward-looking revenues. The second is that the company can't seem to decide what to do with its stake in Alibaba, clearly the company's most valuable asset.  It they sell it, the question then becomes what they plan to do with the proceeds.  Will they do share buybacks or offer a special dividend to reward investors?  Will they use some or all of the money to make strategic acquisitions that are revenue-enhancing?  Will they use it to develop new products/services?   Keep in mind one other thing here, too.  There's a world of difference between what something is valued at and what someone's willing to actually pay for it.  A patent portfolio is great and perhaps holds good value, assuming the buyer can find a way to monetize it.  How exactly was the valuation of the patents arrived at, and are they worthwhile enough for someone to pay anywhere close to that valuation?   There's more to this than meets the eye by using a first-blush look at asset valuation, and that's where the professionals come in.  My bet is that they have it right and there's something the rest of the market doesn't see or understand about it, hence questions like yours. I hope this helps. Good luck!
"&gt; However, the reality is that we the minute we are born we benefit from living in a civilized society with services and infrastructure that was created by those who have paid taxes in the past.  I didn't ask for those services or that infrastructure. When I go to vote (especially on referendums) I vote no for things like increased sales taxes for better roads and the like  &gt; Your example is faulty because it assumes you receive no benefit from the taxes that the government demands of you.  Ok, does that make it moral if I come to your house with a gun and handcuffs, if I use the $100 I take from you and spend $5 of it on a sandwich that you eat?  I'm not saying that things the government does aren't things that people need. Obviously people need to save for retirement and will need access to health care (SS/Medicare/Medicaid).  However,  a lot of these ""issues"" weren't really issues when they were implemented. They were also implemented in a very immoral manner.  Regardless of that, our argument is who can do what better.  &gt; but that is what our elected leaders currently find of value.  That means absolutely nothing to me, and it should mean absolutely nothing to you.  Democracy is mob rule. Republic is near mob rule. In capitalism, my choice of product or service doesn't impede yours. I can choose Crest toothpaste and you can still get Colgate. I also have no ability to force you to buy Crest, at least no moral ability that is.  However, choices in a Democracy/Republic are. Not only when I vote for candidate A, and you vote for candidate B, are our choices mutually exclusive, they are literally saying I think you should be forced to live under their rule/my beliefs. Which is immoral. To force  someone to do anything is immoral, the only exception is if they put force upon you (self defense)  &gt; I am not sure where that number is coming from. I know at one point JEIDDO by itself spent over $1T in R&amp;D on the IED problem.  I said in the 2017 request, meaning 1 year.  I got that from here: http://comptroller.defense.gov/Portals/45/Documents/defbudget/fy2017/FY2017_Budget_Request_Overview_Book.pdf on page 5-1  I will add, that I didn't see previously that it is part of the RDT&amp;E budget which is ""Research, Development, Test, &amp; Evaluation, which is almost $72 billion. That number does eclipse the original $12.5 billion that I quoted. However, in comparison to the private sector, I only named a few companies. The total R&amp;D spend is still going to be bigger in the private sector.  Just because you buddy use to work for people who made and designed drones for DOD/DTRA and now works for Amazon doesn't mean that without the military/DOD we wouldn't be where we are with drones.   &gt; Bernie Sanders  This is just one article that I found rather quickly: https://www.vox.com/2016/3/4/11161616/bernie-sanders-tax-policy-center  A lot of my income comes from trading stocks, a lot of the times I use options (or as he puts it Wall Street Speculation)  The tax that he wants to impose on ""Wall Street Speculation"" was nothing more than fancy double speak for things like stock options/futures.  Options are used by most 401(k) managers, pension planers, etc. Those taxes would have hurt everybody. It would have made the stock market less price efficient and less liquid.  You know who it wouldn't have hurt? The people he intended to stop in the first place, people like George Soros. I believe it was in just 1 day Soros made over $1 billion by shorting the British Pound back in the 90's. I believe he also made a killing shorting if just before Brexit."
"I'd love to see how he thinks he can ""measure"" the financial world. You can only measure what you are allowed to see and Wall Street is only going to give you a certain percentage. The rest will throw your predictions way off, thus making this a fruitless endeavor. Welcome to the real world."
"You are confusing entirely unrelated things. First the ""profit distribution"" issue with Bob's S-Corp which is in fact tax evasion and will probably trigger a very nasty audit. Generally, if you're the sole employee of your own S-Corp, and the whole S-Corp income is from your own personal services, as defined by the IRS - there's no profit there. All the net income from such a S-Corp is subject to SE tax, either through payroll or through your K-1. Claiming anything else would be lying and IRS is notorious for going after people doing that. Second - the reclassification issue. The reason employers classify employees as contractors is to avoid payroll taxes (which the IRS gets through Bob's S-Corp, so it doesn't care) and providing benefits (that is Bob's problem, not the IRS). So in the scenario above, the IRS wouldn't care whose employee Bob is since Bob's S-Corp would have to pay all the same payroll taxes. The reclassification is an issue when employees are abused. See examples of Fedex drivers, where they're classified as contractors and are not getting any benefits, spend their own money on the truck and maintenance, etc. The employees are the ones who sued for reclassification, but in this case the IRS would be interested as well since a huge chunk of payroll taxes was not paid (driver's net is after car maintenance and payments, not before as it would be if he was salaried). So in your scenario reclassification is not as much a concern to Bob as his tax evasion scheme claiming earnings from performing personal services as ""profits from S-Corp"". A precedent to look at, as I mentioned elsewhere, would be the Watson v Commissioner case."
The standard answer I have heard is that if you were to purchase term life insurance and invest the difference between the cost of the policies, your investments would grow larger than the cash value of the insurance. Also when you take cash out of CVLI the insurance value drops by a like amount. So you can't have your cake and leave it to your heirs too. Either you get the cash value OR they get the insurance value. Hopefully, there could be some of both. Although I believe the philosophy of that answer I have two issues with it. First, you must be dedicated enough to invest the difference every month. I can imagine that might be tough to do consistently and if you take breaks from the investing will you still accumulate more than you would have with the insurance? Second, for the past couple of years all of my investments in mutual funds have lost value. My life insurance has continued to grow cash value over the same time period. Hmm, maybe there isn't a one size fits all solution. If you need a large amount of insurance, term life will certainly be more affordable. However, considering this as an investment I would not expect that to be a deciding factor. Good luck with your decision. It is great that at such a young age you are concerned about investments.
The stock market's principal justification is matching investors with investment opportunities.  That's only reasonably feasible with long-term investments.  High frequency traders are not interested in investments, they are interested in buying cheap and selling expensive.  Holding reasonably robust shares for longer binds their capital which is one reason the faster-paced business of dealing with options is popular instead.  So their main manner of operation is leeching off actually occuring investments by letting the investors pay more than the recipients of the investments receive. By now, the majority of stock market business is indirect and tries guessing where the money goes rather than where the business goes. For one thing, this leads to the stock market's evaluations being largely inflated over the actual underlying committed deals happening.  And as the commitment to an investment becomes rare, the market becomes more volatile and instable: it's money running in circles. Fast trading is about running in front of where the money goes, anticipating the market.  But if there is no actual market to anticipate, only people running before the imagination of other people running before money, the net payout converges to zero as the ratio of serious actual investments in tangible targets declines. By and large, high frequency trading converges to a Ponzi scheme, and you try being among the winners of such a scheme.  But there are a whole lot of people competing here, and essentially the net payoff is close to zero due to the large volumes in circulation as opposed to what ends up in actual tangible investments. It's a completely different game with different rules riding on the original idea of a stock market.  So you have to figure out what your money should be doing according to your plans.
If youre fifteen... Id actually recommend starting with some economics, just to understand the business decision making process. Mystery of Capital by Hernando de Soto is excellent. An online course from anywhere would be cool too.   Then, case studies are excellent as well. It depends on what you want to use ths for. Sales? Yeah, how to win friends and influence people, totally. A macro scale understanding, take the route I took.
Generating a Printable Scrapbooking Calendars consultations is a great method that you can talk about together with your Kids. They’ll also make amazing demonstrates for family about Christmas time as a brand new season will probably be only some times after.
I agree.   I cant think of a heavily unionised company that is succeeding. Their staffing costs tend to be too high. This ultimately leads to everyone losing their jobs. In the UK at least, unions have brought nothing good to the table for years, just strikes and ridiculous demands.
"...Tell this to a professional or let's say a consultant in the real world, and they'll shake their head and walk away, realizing your knowledge is akin to a child in this context.    Equifax does not represent corporate America.  It's in a heavily regulated industry and credit bureaus essentially have immunity.    People scream bloody murder about enterprises like Amazon &amp; Google taking over the world, but what they've accomplished has continually added more value to the end customer.  Why?    Because they have to continue to server their customers better as there's plenty of competitive forces to continue motivating them to do better.    There's quite a few reasons why CEOs ""step down"" or ""retire"" when the intention is not much different than firing.  For one, CEOs are under contracts generally, and those contracts present a lot of legal risk that can backfire.    If the CEO isn't too happy and feels a grudge, he can bring a lawsuit that brings more public embarrassment, gets messy, and even if the company has the stronger case, it doesn't just get resolved easily.  So study why they're labeled as ""retirements"" to understand what needs to be fixed instead of whining corporate America is evil and doesn't give a shit.  Everyone gives a shit about surviving."
I've never understood why the auditing procedure is privatized in the first-place.  The conflicts of interest seem much too inevitable.  Shouldn't the SEC or some other governing body perform the audits?    If an accounting firm's bottom-line is profit and not objective analysis, how can we expect it to not to ignore things here and there if it is good for business?
Around 22 million bitcoin maximum. I can't remember full details but it's designed to dish out 12.5 coins every 10 minutes on average. Sometimes it might be 10 seconds, sometimes an hour, and half every 4 years until 22 million it just halved so in about 3.5 years you will get 6.25. Now to SEND bitcoin you can bribe miners and pay a few cents to jump the line, so you get your 12.5 + the donated coin.   As for eth it's confusing shit. Bitcoin is like a virtual dollar, eth you can 'transform' into other things to do things I don't know what it's for. Research 'dao' and eth. Dao was some sort of contract system using eth.
"Taking out your equity when refinancing means that you take out a new loan for the full value of your house (perhaps less 20% as a down payment on the new mortgage, otherwise you'll be paying insurance), pay off your old lender, and keep the rest for yourself. The result is much the same as using as a HELOC or home equity loan (or a second mortgage), except it's all rolled into a single new mortgage. The advantage is that the interest rate on a first mortgage is going to be lower than on HELOC or equivalent, and the equity requirements may be lower (e.g. a HELOC may only let you borrow against the amount of equity that exceeds 25% or 30%, while a new mortgage will require you only to have 20% equity).  This is especially attractive to those whose homes have appreciated significantly since they bought them, especially if they have a lot of high-interest debt (e.g. credit cards) they want to pay off. Of course, rolling credit card debt into a 30-year mortgage isn't actually paying it off, but the monthly payments will be a lot lower, and if you're lucky and your home appreciates further, you can pay it off fully when you sell the property and still have paid a lot less interest. The downside is that you have turned unsecured debt into secured debt, which puts your home at risk if you find yourself unable to pay. In your case, you don't yet have even 20% equity in your home, so I wouldn't recommend this.  :-) Equity is simply the difference between the amount you still owe on your home and the amount you'd get if you were to sell it. Until you do sell it, this amount is tentative, based on the original purchase price and, perhaps, an intervening appraisal that shows that the property has appreciated. That is really all that it is and there's nothing magic about it, except that since you own your home, you have equity in it, while as a renter, you would not. It used to be (decades ago, when you needed 20% down to get a mortgage) that selling was the only time you'd be able to do anything with the equity in your home. Now you can ""take it out"" as described above (or borrow against it) thanks to various financial products. It is sometimes tempting to consider equity roughly equivalent to ""profit."" But some of it is your own money, contributed through the down payment, your monthly principal payment, and improvements you have made -- so ""cashing out"" isn't all profit, it's partly just you getting your own money back. And there are many additional expenses involved in owning a home, such as interest, property taxes, maintenance, utilities, and various fees, not to mention the commissions when you buy or sell, which the equity calculation doesn't consider. Increasing equity reflects that you own a desirable property in a desirable location, that you have maintained and maybe even improved it, that you are financially responsible (i.e., paying your mortgage, taxes, etc.), and that your financial interests are aligned with your neighbors. All those things feel pretty good, and they should. Otherwise, it is just a number that the banks will sometimes let you borrow against.  :-)"
By no means is this a comprehensive list, but a few items to consider:
Yes they do.  CO2 goes in, O2 comes out.  Where does the C go?  It gets bound up in the tissues of the tree.  When the tree rots, the C is released.  Same thing if you burn the tree, just faster.
"I remember when I went and bought my iPod at Bestbuy 4 or 5 years ago. Offered me a warranty and when I said no to the cashier she told me ""You'll be sorry."" Yeah, 5 years later and many drops and nicks and scratches, it's still working like a beast."
No matter what you may be looking for, chances are, you will find it at Deal Ninja. And, that too at a price that will simply amaze you. An important thing to remember in this context is that none of the products sold here are actually manufactured by Deal Ninja.
Amazon isn't even remotely near what Microsoft had.  Microsoft had a 95% plus share of the Operating System market. Amazon doesn't even have 1% of total retail sales. This is a preposterous assertion. Total US retail sales were $5 trillion last year. You're seriously claiming Amazon is attempting to monopolize that industry? Amazon had $150 billion in sales last year.   This is the dumbest claim I have literally ever seen in my life.
The only problem with a mind upload is that it's not really _this_ you that gets moved, it's an exact duplicate of you that will think the transfer was successful. You'll still be trapped in your meat bag scheduled for dissolution.
Do you need the car, or is this an optional purchase for you?  Do you currently have a car that is in good working order? If you can continue to save for the car instead of buying now, you'll be getting interest on what you've saved -- and that's a lot better than 0% financing.
DO contact the bank immediately. Many of them may be able to help you but have time limits, if you wait too long they can't cancel it. They might not, but it's always worth trying. In addition, set alerts on your son's account, if over $X amount of money is spent it will alert you. For example if he spends more than $100, you'll get an email and you can verify with him.
Average weekday boardings were ~66,000. Your assumption only kinda makes sense if all of these people were driving cars before the light rail, none of them are taking multiple trips a day even a round trip, and all of them pay their full fare making the light rail perhaps worth the money (all of which are not possible).   Even with the light rail, Seattle public transit sucks. I can’t believe that is even a conversation.
Trying to forcefully reclaim the money will ruin the relationship.  In general it's bad practice to loan money to family.
I don't think that you'll notice a difference in the NAV in a fund with fees that are low as the Vanguard Total Stock Market Fund. Their management fees are incorporated into the NAV, but keep in mind that the fund has a total of $144 billion in assets, with $66 billion in the investor class. The actual fees represent a tiny fraction of the NAV, and may only show up at all on the day they assess the fees. With Vanguard total stock market, you notice the fee difference in the distributions. In the example of Vanguard Total Stock Market, there are institutional-class shares (like VITPX with a minimum investment of $200M) with still lower costs -- as low as 0.0250% vs. 0.18% for the investor class. You will notice a different NAV and distributions for that fund, but there may be other reasons for the variation that I'm not familar with, as I'm not an institutional investor.
Yes, you can transfer money to your account, any bank will do it. The conversion charges will be there i.e. the diff between USD and the rate at which the bank sells it, usually Rs. 2/-, appx. In addition, transaction charge (not very high). As for taking from friends & repaying in India, check UAE tax treatement for taking money from friends (is it considered as your income & are you liable for taxes). As for giving back, get some documentation done as a loan, otherwise your friends may be considered to be taking gift/consideration/income from you and taxed. Most straight forward way is to transfer the money from your mother's account.
"Yes ROI is legitimate, in my opinion.  My old boss used to say 'change the paradigm' all the time though, and only used it when someone came to him with a problem and he didn't want to deal with it.  ""Bob, we have a problem with XYZ""  ""No no no, change the paradigm.  This is an opportunity for you to shine.  Go get em!""  Maybe my experience with a horrible, horrible boss that abused a lot of these phrases and thought he was Jack Welch's long lost son just made me bitter any time I see marketing bullshit. :)"
Your gut feeling is absolutely spot on - you shouldn't be worrying about pension now, not at the age of 25. Assuming that you're not a footballer in the middle of the most productive part of your career and already have a fat wad of crunchy banknotes under your pillow that you're looking to set aside for a rainy day when you won't be able to play at your prime any longer. That doesn't mean you shouldn't invest, nor that means that you mustn't save. There are several factors at play here.  First of all as a young person you are likely to have a high tolerance for risk, there is still plenty of time to recover should expected returns not materialise. Even a pension fund with the most aggressive risk / return strategy might just not quite do it for you. You could invest into education instead, improve health, obtain a profitable skill, create social capital by building connections, pay for experience, buy a house, start a family or even a business. Next, as a young professional you're unlikely to have reached your full earning potential yet and due to the law of diminishing marginal utility a hundred pounds per month now have greater utility (i.e. positive impact on your lifestyle) than a seven hundred pounds will in 7-10 years time once your earnings plateaued. That is to say it's easier to save £700 month from £3000 and maintain a reasonable level of personal comfort than carve £100 from £1300 monthly income. And last, but not the least, lets face it from a human point of view - forty years is a very long investment horizon and many things might and will change. One of the downsides of UK pensions is that you have very little control over the money until you reach a certain age. Tactically I suggest saving up to build a cushion consisting of cash or near cash assets; the size of the stash should be such that it is enough to cover all of your expenses from a minimum of 2 months to a maximum of a year. The exact size will depend on your personal comfort level, whatever social net you have (parents, wife, partner) and how hard it will be to find a new source of income should the current cease to produce cash. On a strategic level you can start looking into investing any surplus cash into the foundation of what will bring joy and happiness into the next 40 years of your life. Your or your partners training and education is one of the most sensible choices whilst you're young. Starting a family is another one. Both might help you reach you full earning potential much quicker. Finding what you love to do and learning how to do it really well - cash can accelerate this process bringing you quicker there you want to be. If you were a start-up business in front of a huge uncaptured market would you rather use cash to pay dividends or finance growth?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-06-26/what-you-should-know-about-r) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; As the Federal Reserve gradually normalizes its monetary policy, market participants will hear a lot more about r*, the &amp;quot;Neutral rate of interest,&amp;quot; which helps equilibrate financial markets when the economy is growing at potential and inflation remains contained and stable.  &gt; A gradual convergence of the policy rate to that level would allow, to adapt the phrase of Bridgewater Associates&amp;#039; Ray Dalio, a &amp;quot;Beautiful normalization&amp;quot; of monetary policies that is consistent with market stability and soundness.  &gt; While the r* concept is more relevant for advanced countries with mature financial systems, many emerging economies cannot avoid the consequences of related policy shortfalls even though these would be well beyond their borders.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6k3ex6/what_you_should_know_about_r/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~154803 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **financial**^#1 **policy**^#2 **market**^#3 **rate**^#4 **interest**^#5"
Barefoot Holidays aims to provide you the best Game and Sport charter facilities in the Andamans. Salt water angling or game fishing is a sport that has seen huge   success in these waters. Become a part of one of the most addictive sporting pastimes today.The waters here are teeming with record sized game fish. By virtue of its   position, the islands receive a continuous south/south west current which brings with it plenty of baitfish as well as Black Marlin. Night fishing for Giant Grouper,   Snappers, Swordfish and Shark too are possible with Barefoot Holidays.
A Random Walk Down Wall Street Barbarians at the Gate Liar's Poker King of Capital The Big Short No need to even consider CFP or CFA if you don't have a degree/full time job that requires it. They are costly.
I'd like to learn more about this study. The article says they surveyed 500 managers. This is theoretically a large enough sample to make inferences from, but I'd like to know:  1. Why a larger sample wasn't used 2. The distribution of different copmanies/industries these managers worked in 3. The geographical spread of these managers.  My suspicion is that this study is actually heavily biased by the corporate culture of a small group of companies or geographic region. How do I know these managers didn't all come from a single corporation with a toxic work culture in a bigoted town?
You can withdraw the principal of your Roth IRA account (i.e.: the amounts after tax deposited there) without a tax. However, in case of conversion - you have to wait for five years before you can do that. Otherwise, 10% penalty will apply. It is actually mentioned in the article you linked to. Taxable portion in that context is the portion you paid tax on when converting. In the case you described (converting your 401k) that would be the whole amount of the conversion.
"probably never since republicans started ""starving the beast"" and then calling it inefficient when your government cant perform. on the other hand, ive read there are serious inefficiency problems in the process of infrastructure / general public property maintenance in the united states, and they only partly faulted the cut down budgets. sorry i cant back that up with a link right now"
Yeah, it is, to a massive degree to boot. The wealth gap is staggering because of it and it's the number one threat to the economy as a whole. Turns out it doesn't trickle down at all. It floods up and leaves a wake of poverty and bankruptcy behind it.
Somebody call the Waaambulance.  If I was a billion dollar company that owned the world's most popular search engine, my shit would be #1 every time. I'd  be stupid not to.  People seem to forget, Google is not a public utility it's a business.  If you walk into Walmart and want to know where you can get a good deal on a TV, they're not going to mention Best Buy first, they're going to point you to the TV department.  I see absolutely nothing wrong with this.
I'll start by saying that if this is being explored to scratch a specific itch you have then great, if this was a cold call it's probably safe to ignore it. Certain whole life products (they vary in quality by carrier) can make sense for very high earners who are looking for additional tax preferred places to store money.  So after you IRA, 401(k), etc options are maxed out but you still have income you'd like to hide from taxes whole life can be a potential vehicle because gains and death benefit are generally exempt from income taxes.  Be on the look out for loads charged to your money as it comes in to the policy.  Life insurance in general is meant to keep your dependents going without having to sell off assets in the event of your death.  People may plan for things like school tuition, mortgage/property tax for your spouse.  If you own a business with a couple of partners it's somewhat common for the partners to buy policies on each other to buyout a spouse to avoid potential operating conflicts.  Sometimes there can be estate planning issues, if you're looking to transfer assets when you ultimately pass it can make sense to form a trust and load cash in to a whole life policy because death benefits can be shielded from income tax and the estate tax calculation; the current estate tax exemption is about $5.5 million today (judging from your numbers you might actually be close to that including the net value of the homes).  Obviously, though, the tax rules are subject to change and you need to be deliberate in your formation of the trust in order to effectively navigate estate tax issues.  You seem to have a very solid financial position from this perspective it looks like your spouse would be in good shape.   If you are specifically attempting to manage potential estate tax liability you should probably involve an financial planner with experience forming and managing trusts; and you should be very involved with the process because it will absolutely make your finances more complicated.
well 30 minutes outside of montreal for the same amount of money you'd probably get a McMansion too in the burbs. I'm talking island core. Problem here if you live outside of the city you litterally have to take a bridge to commute, which instantly means traffic! I'd be curious what you get for that price in the city you're talking about. By 20 min of downtown I meant 20 minutes from downtown by subway, aka the neighborhoods just around the skyscrapers. 20 min from the city would be different.  Vancouver is pretty bad. Single homes on a small island (a lot smaller then Montreal) that sell 1 millions +  As for Calgary, never went there, but I heard they are a in recession since the oil crude plummeted so house prices slowed down. Now the houses sells around the same price then Montreal, maybe a bit more.
Although in concerns to the Plumbing services, people do face a challenge whether to pay for commercial activity or to take official root and make things possible by virtual processes. To cope with both issues around, a certain web portal is available that makes things easy and can help in both ways forward.
"The high frequency trading you reference has no adverse impact on individual investors - at least not in the ""going to take advantage of you"" way that many articles imply. If anything, high-frequency trading is generally more helpful than harmful, adding liquidity to the system, although it can cause some volatility and ""noise"" in volume and other data, and the sudden entrance or exit of this type of trading can drive some abnormal market movements. As to research and time needed for trading, most data suggests that the less you try to ""beat the market"", the better you'll do.   Trade activity tends to be inversely related to returns, particularly for individuals.   Your best bet is likely to learn enough about investment risks to ensure you're comfortable with them, and invest in broadly diversified asset classes, regions, and sectors, and then mostly leave them alone, or rebalance annually.   You'll almost surely do a lot better that way than you will if you spend countless hours researching the ""right"" stocks to buy."
tldr; Is the purpose of doing this to ultimately avoid any sort of capital gains paid by someone in your family? Your plan accomplishes this if your dad is single and you are married, but if your dad is married this is probably unnecessary. One side effect of this plan is both you and your dad are unnecessarily giving up a portion of your lifetime gift tax exclusion. Your dad is giving up somewhere between 97-56= $41K of his exclusion (if both you and he are married) and 97-14= $85K (if neither you or your dad is married) and when you give the $430K back you are giving up to that amount minus somewhere between 14-56K. If your dad is married and you were to simply purchase the home from your dad for $430K you would both avoid dipping into your lifetime max, and your dad wouldn't realize any capital gains. If he isn't married, but you are, then your plan works in avoiding any capital gains paid by anyone in your family, unless you end up selling the home in the future for more than $597K. The plan also hinges on:
Thanks for sharing, interesting piece. I find the best opportunities to buy are watching the downtrends on oversold stocks. For example, recently with Amazon's buyout of Whole Foods, groceries took a big hit. Kroger took the biggest hit of all, falling nearly 30% from its 50 day moving average of $30/share. So I bought some at 21.50 and will just sit on it for a couple months. I find put buying on the upward swings to still be risky in this market, but on the downtrend it easy to spot oversold equities that will trend back up over time because of solid fundamentals.
Uh . . . yeah.  Because if we don't have a central source of law, then we aren't a single country.  Those united laws are exactly what defines a country.  The government, however, isn't like the Death Star.  It isn't one giant entity bent on controlling the world.  Are you saying the Constitution and its method of law making, enforcement, and arbitration is bad, and should be rebuilt?
Mostly you nailed it.  It's a good question, and the points you raise are excellent and comprise good analysis. Probably the biggest drawback is if you don't agree with the asset allocation strategy.  It may be too much/too little into stocks/bonds/international/cash.   I am kind of in this boat.  My 401K offers very little choices in funds, but offers Vanguard target funds.  These tend to be a bit too conservative for my taste, so I actually put money in the 2060 target fund.  If I live that long, I will be 94 in 2060.   So if the target funds are a bit too aggressive for you, move down in years.  If they are a bit too conservative, move up.
Northwave EC are one of the best housing solutions that people go for today. In most cases, they are affordable and they can house a lot of people at the same time. There are various criteria to meet so as to be able to own an Executive condominium. Understanding the whole process can be of great help as it makes it much easier. The best thing to do is to make sure that all the income statements are checked by the HR so as to ensure they are exactly what the HBD need. Visit this site http://northwave.co/ for more information on Northwave EC.
Avoiding the complexities of tax [dividends likely taxed the year they are received, barring special tax accounts which many countries implement in for example, locked-in retirement type accounts; share growth is likely only taxed when sold / on death / on expatriation / similar], and assuming you reinvest the dividends every year in new shares, then yes, total growth in your account is the same whether that growth is comprised of entirely dividends, entirely share increase, or a mixture of both. It is those caveats (tax + reinvestment) which could change things.
One scam that happens occasionally is that of the forced placed insurance.  Either the home owner fails to pay the premium,  or,  which is not uncommon,  the bank claims that the existing insurance does not meet their (obscure/undocumented) criteria,  and buy insurance on the owner's behalf...
"When it's actually in the interests of taxpayers, duespayers, or shareholders for execs to upgrade to get work done / be prepared, there's no conflict between the interests of agent and principal, and the entire issue is moot.  But assuming we should treat business execs as a special case doesn't address the question. If governmental and union leadership ""should fly coach"", shouldn't c-corp execs?"
You cannot have off-campus employment in your first year, but investments are considered passive income no matter how much time you put into that effort. Obviously you need to stay enrolled full-time and get good enough grades to stay in good standing academically, so you should be cautious about how much time you spend day trading. If the foreign market is also active in a separate time zone, that may help you not to miss class or otherwise divert your attention from your investment in your own education. I have no idea about your wealth, but it seems to me that completing your degree is more likely to build your wealth than your stock market trades, otherwise you would have stayed home and continued trading instead of attending school in another country.
Look most of the time you can manage it sure. But without the lender of last resort(central bank) bank runs would happen and failures would be common, like in 19th century. The only way to stabilise fractional reserve banking is this behemoth of a monetary entity that can abuse its power(excess credit expansion causing economic bubbles) and makes us even worse off
I have been using http://moneydance.com/ for several years now.  Works pretty well for me. Another one is http://www.iggsoftware.com/ibank/ I have not used it other than a five minute play session.  Looks more mac-ish than Moneydance, but that's all I know.
Sure! Jews are the problem, but not Muslims/Arabs or North Korea.  Anyway, there's nothing you can do about Jews because we control the banks, the media, the government, we have all the money and we also use blood from young gentile boys for our religious rituals.
Firstly, make sure annual income exceeds annual expenses. The difference is what you have available for saving.  Secondly, you should have tiers of savings. From most to least liquid (and least to most rewarding): The core of personal finance is managing the flow of money between these tiers to balance maximizing return on savings with budget constraints. For example, insurance effectively allows society to move money from savings to stocks and bonds. And a savings account lets the bank loan out a bit of your money to people buying assets like homes.  Note that the above set of accounts is just a template from which you should customize. You might want to add in an FSA or HSA, extra loan payments, or taxable brokerage accounts, depending on your cash flow, debt, and tax situation.
"I am not sure how anyone is answering this unless they know what the loan was for.  For instance if it is for a house you can put a lien on the house.  If it is for the car in most states you can take over ownership of it.   Point being is that you need to go after the asset.   If there is no asset you need to go after you ""friend"".  Again we need more specifics to determine the best course of action which could range from you suing and garnishing wages from your friend to going to small claims court.  Part of this process is also getting a hold of the lending institution.  By letting them know what is going on they may be able to help you - they are good at tracking people down for free. Also the lender may be able to give you options.  For example if it is for a car a bank may help you clear this out if you get the car back plus penalty.  If a car is not in the red on the loan and it is in good condition the bank turns a profit on the default.  If they can recover it for free they will be willing to work with you.  I worked in repo when younger and on more than a few occasions we had the cosigner helping.  It went down like this... Co-signer gets pissed like you and calls bank, bank works out a plan and tells cosigner to default, cosigner defaults, banks gives cosigner rights to repo vehicle, cosigner helps or actually repos vehicle, bank gets car back, bank inspects car, bank asks cosigner for X amount (sometimes nothing but not usually), cosigner pays X, bank does not hit cosigners credit, bank releases loan and sells car.  I am writing this like it is easy but it really requires that asset is still in good condition, that cosigner can get to the asset, and that the ""friend"" still is around and trusts cosigner.  I have seen more than a few cosigners promise to deliver and come up short and couple conspiring with the ""friend"".   I basically think most of the advice you have gotten so far is crap and you haven't provided enough info to give perfect advice.  Seeking a lawyer is a joke.  Going after a fleeing party could eat up 40-50 billable hours.  It isn't like you are suing a business or something.  The lawyer could cost as much as repaying the loan - and most lawyers will act like it is a snap of their fingers until they have bled you dry - just really unsound advice. For the most part I would suggest talking to the bank and defaulting but again need 100% of the details.   The other part is cosigning the loan.  Why the hell would you cosign a loan for a friend?  Most parents won't cosign a loan for their own kids.  And if you are cosigning a loan, you write up a simple contract and make the non-payment penalties extremely costly for your friend.  I have seen simple contracts that include 30% interests rates that were upheld by courts."
I'm kind of shocked that no formal behavioral modeling has been proposed as an explanation yet. One such model would be steep (hyperbolic, quasi-hyperbolic) discounting.  Consumers would rather pay for popcorn later than for an expensive movie ticket now.  For instance, consumers might when purchasing the ticket see a low value of popcorn and view the ticket price as the whole price because they do not predict purchasing popcorn.  Then when entering the theater, the present value of popcorn is very high and they purchase it.  There might therefore be a market for a commitment device (such as a popcornless theater) to make the appropriate decision ex-ante.  Another commitment device that seems to be practiced is when individuals sneak their own popcorn into the theater.  They may not actually want the popcorn, but by bringing their own they ensure they do not purchase the theater's.
Eh. The valuations are extrapolations based on the value of equity with liquidation rights. Which is fine: if I'm a buyer of that class, I don't really care what the value of common is; I care what the value of that class of equity is.   Bloomberg tries to paint that as some conspiracy, which is ridiculous.
Your clients should not send you 1099-MISC if they paid with a credit card. You can refer them to this text in the instructions for the form 1099-MISC: Payments made with a credit card or payment card and certain other   types of payments, including third party network transactions, must be   reported on Form 1099-K by the payment settlement entity under section   6050W and are not subject to reporting on Form 1099-MISC. See the   separate Instructions for Form 1099-K. By sending out the 1099-MISC, your clients are essentially saying that they paid you directly (check or cash) in addition to the payment they made with a credit card (which will be reported on 1099-K). In case of an audit, you'll have trouble convincing the IRS that it didn't happen. I suggest asking the clients not to do this to you, since it may cost you significant amounts to fight the IRS later on. In any case, you report on your tax return what you really got, not what the 1099 says. If you have two 1099's covering the same income - there's no legal obligation to report the income twice. You do not have to pay twice the tax just because you have stupid clients. But you may have troubles explaining it to the IRS, especially if you're dealing with cash in your business. If you want to avoid matching issues, consider reporting all the 1099s, and then subtracting the duplicates and attaching a statement (the software will do it automatically when you add the description in the miscellaneous item) about what it is.
&gt; He's supposed to be grading him as a board member. I dont think that a board member's vote should be seen as a positive or negative when it comes time for their job review.  Being a Trump supporter shows bad judgment. I certainly wouldn't want someone like that to be a board member of my company.
"US federal tax law distinguishes many types of income. For most people, most of their income is ""earned income"", money you were paid to do a job. Another category of income is ""capital gains"", money you made from the sale of an asset. For a variety of reasons, capital gains tax rates are lower than earned income tax rates. (For example, it is common that much of the gain is not real profit but inflation. If you buy an asset for $10,000 and sell it for $15,000, you pay capital gains tax on the $5,000 profit. But what if prices in general since you bought the asset have gone up 50%? Then your entire profit is really inflation, you didn't actually make any money -- but you still have to pay a tax on the paper gain.) So if you make your money by investing in assets -- buying and selling at a profit -- you will pay lower taxes than if you made the same amount of money by receiving a salary from a job, or by running a business where you sell your time and expertise rather than an asset. But money made from assets -- capital gains -- is not tax free. It's just a lower tax. It MIGHT be that when combined with other deductions and tax credits this would result in you paying no taxes in a particular year. Maybe you could avoid paying taxes forever if you can take advantage of tax loopholes. But for most people, making money from capital gains could result in lower taxes per dollar of income than someone doing more ordinary work. Or it could result in higher taxes, if you factor in inflation, net present value of money, and so on. BTW Warren Buffet's ""secretary"" is not a typist. She apparently makes at least $200,000 a year. http://www.forbes.com/sites/paulroderickgregory/2012/01/25/warren-buffetts-secretary-likely-makes-between-200000-and-500000year/#ab91f3718b8a. And side note: if Warren Buffet thinks he isn't paying enough in taxes, why doesn't he voluntarily pay more? The government has a web site where citizens can voluntarily pay additional taxes. In 2015 they received $3.9 million in such contributions. http://www.treasurydirect.gov/govt/reports/pd/gift/gift.htm"
Yeah, but they have a price match policy; have them price match themselves or go home and order it online.  Or hell, use your smart phone on their free wifi to place the order so the sales person doesn't get credit for the sale and can't harass you for a warranty.
"&gt;I think you should move along before you get hurt. This is a grown up conversation little one.  First: you're clearly a totally arrogant cunt who is so uncomfortable with the position he has elected to take that he can't argue it on its merits and is instead left with petty insults, so it is actually not clear to me why I'm even responding. But anyway, here we go.  &gt;The UK did NOT sell debt and simultaneously purchase its own debt in the past (until modern times).  I state at the outset that I take this to include purchases of government debt by central banks. If you mean the ""government"" itself re-buying its own debt then firstly I'm not sure where that came from and secondly it isn't what I'm talking about.  Put some meat on the bones here, sport: when do you define ""modern times"" as commencing? I don't want to give you a date and then have you move the goal posts again. So give me a time period you're after so we can go again.  Also note I said the British Empire, not the UK.  You should perhaps do some reading on Pitt the Younger, or the history of the Bank of England in general. You'll no doubt see that it provided loans to the government from the beginning, which is equivalent to a modern central bank buying government debt. I wont lie and say it is exactly the same, but the reason it isn't exactly the same is that it was 250 years ago. There was no open market operations as there is now, with monthly bond auctions. The BoE just loaned the money when needed. Bonds were typically only issued for specific purposes (e.g. Napoleonic wars).  What Pitt the Younger did in freezing redemptions was the equivalent of the BoE buying British government debt.  But anyway I await your vitriolic and completely-point-avoiding reply.  &gt;And who said the reason soviet union collapsed was because of its banking policies? Putting words in peoples mouths aren't we.  You did:  &gt;So, the soviet union purchases its own debt, and this is a shining example of a historical empire that worked in your mind? Come on man, you aren't that fucking stupid are you? You don't need me to explain why that is a very, very incorrect choice do you?  What else were you trying to say there?  You asked for an example, he gave it, you said it was a bad example. Remember, just in case you can't stay on topic, the discussion is about central banking policy here. I presumed you were implying that the collapse of the Soviet Union was the reason for it being a bad example for central bank policy. Please otherwise feel free to articulate why it is a bad example, citing specific evidence if you don't mind."
The most significant reason is that if the board of directors of a company neglects the stock value, the stockholders will vote them out of their jobs.
"&gt;Because people trade currency in exchange for goods and services.   Right, and they are *utterly dependent* on continuing to receive money in exchange for goods and services or they will *very quickly* go out of business. Most businesses only have cash reserves to continue operations for a few quarters if they are unprofitable. We are going to assume that businesses wish to maximize profits, and continue operations.  Now, consider if they try to ""prevent competition by violent means"", people will stop doing business with them, they will stop getting revenue, and they will go out of business.. So we can assume that most businesses are not dumb enough to be violent, because they want to continue to exist. Basically, you make more money through peace.  So we're left with ""having control of the market through market share"". If people are satisfied with the business, it doesn't matter if the business controls a lot of the market - it's that way because the businesses' customers want it to be that way.  If their customers aren't satisfied with the business, they will stop buying from that business, which will reduce the market share. Also, other competitors that better meet the customers' needs will arise, which will further impact the market share of the business that is misbehaving. Without government, there's no mechanism to stop new competition from arising if the business isn't meeting the customer's needs.  So your proposed mechanisms either won't happen, or will fix themselves if they do happen.  &gt;Price can be controlled by the threat of super low prices in order to drive out competing businesses  And this can only happen for so long before the company no longer has the ability to subsidize their goods. But why would the business do this, if their intent is to maximize profit and continue operating? This behavior puts both at risk.   So, now that we have demonstrated that your proposed mechanisms of monopolization either won't happen, will solve themselves, or contradict the purpose of a business, what other mechanisms do you propose a corporation is going to use which will create a monopoly without a government to help them?"
If you were to stick to your guns, then yes, that's what you'd need to do. In practice, that kind of a hit should get your attention, and you'd be wise to look at why your investment dropped 10% in a month. Value averaging, dollar-cost averaging, or any other investment strategy needs to be done with eyes open and ears to the ground.  At least with value averaging you need to look at your valuation each month!  From my own experience, dollar-cost averaging breeds laziness and I ended up not paying much attention to what I was investing in, and lost a fair bit of money. Bottom line is you still have to think about what you're doing, and adjust.
Yeah they must just be fanatics. I mean it's not like the Fed actually *targets* inflation, or *tries* to create it, you know as if Bernanke actually mentioned those things in speeches...  Oh, wait... he has.  Damn facts... they get in the way of Keynesian dogma every damned time.
As Chris pointed out in his comment, smaller stock exchanges may use open outcry. There are several exchanges that use open outcry/floor trading in the US, however, although they aren't necessarily stock exchanges.  Having visited the three Chicago exchanges I mentioned, I can personally vouch for their continued use of a trading floor, although its use is declining in all three.
"It appears the interest is not compounded daily.  Each period of interest has the loan amount calculated on the ""capital"" remaining on the start of period, for each day in the period.  The Excel finance functions don't handle irregular periods that well, but I can reconstruct the interest calculations:"
See that's where you're wrong. It's NOT a traditional game of musical chairs.  It's musical chairs where anyone with the right idea and ambition can build their own chair and take a seat!  The pie is NOT fixed.  That's what's so great about free market capitalism. But with that comes responsibility for your own life, which apparently, and unfortunately, has turned out to be overly difficult for an increasing portion of the population.
American living in Canada, actually. Seeing the system in action here, while imperfect, is much better than what the US is doing. By design, it's class warfare, rather than making your government fix it, you wind up angry at your employer, IE some big corporate entity and/or their insurers. Strange thing is, dollar for dollar, the American government pays more per citizen for health care than their Canadian counterparts. Actually, just about [everyone](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_the_health_care_systems_in_Canada_and_the_United_States)... And so completely fucked...
One company owns majority of popular freelancing websites (elance included)  Aside from the race to the bottom pricing happening for projects; customer is always right. Lots of stories of even a pip from a client freezing accounts -- not even just a project, your whole account with any ongoing projects. Everything gone. Thousands lost. Not worth it. No recourse.
The odds could very well be in your favor, even when the insurance company expects profit. What matters to you is not the expected amount of money you'll have, but the expected amount of utility you'll get from it: getting enough money to buy food to eat is much more important than getting enough money to be able to buy that fiction book too. The more money you have, the less a dollar is worth to you: consequently, if you have enough money, it's worth spending some to prevent yourself from getting into a situation where you don't have enough money.
In my view you are going through quite a bit of logistics to achieve this. Best is drop this idea. If all of you are paying equally, then there is virtually no gain. A better pact is not to gift each other on wedding. We want to open a joint fixed deposit account in name of each one of us which should be locked-in till 2020 Yes it is possible to have Joint Account with multiple names. Ideally all should be present or a Power of Attorney can be created to include names of people who are not present. We want our money to be risk free and secured. Risk free and secured will mean Fixed Deposits.
"Shopify is a ripoff. $30 is too much to pay for ""starter"" hosting and they don't offer anything special for that extra price.  2. When you are just starting out a very economic VPS is the way to go. You can upgrade as your traffic increases. The big consideration is how many simultaneous visitors does your website need to handle. At first you are going to be low-traffic so you don't need to pay for a powerful server. Your costs will be between $5 and $15 per month depending on who you rent from.  3. It's possible to make money from advertising just bear in mind the use of ad blockers is on the rise so advertising should not be your primary income source. A lot of newspaper and magazine sites were trying to use advertising as their primary online revenue stream and in recent years we've seen them shutting down or forcing annoying popups that say things like ""Please disable your ad blocker"" which is really embarassing. Also, advertising is only a viable income generator for sites with a lot of traffic. When you are just starting out you should not expect more than 10 or 20 visits per day at most, and that's assuming you advertise your website in various places. If you don't advertise you'll see 0 visits per day until you start getting organic search results which can take several months on a new domain, because search engines give priority to ""older"" domains."
So do I understand it right that this is the same thing as ESTA?  I have just finished reading the article and can't really see what should my models apply for?  Or is it just that the can fly to US, say the are coming for modeling and then will be OK?
Probably. I had a roommate who was a laborer, and he was known to eat a few quarterpounders in a sitting while being pretty damn in shape. I ate a double whopper once, and it actually tasted way worse then the regular. It didn't make me feel all too awesome after either.
"Did you get an option contingency? This is usually part and parcel with getting a home inspection; you negotiate a nominal fee, like $100, that gives you the ""option"" to back out of the deal for any reason at all within X days (typically 7 calendar days). This is usually the time you schedule the home inspection and figure out what needs repairing. If you're still in your option window, then yes, you can back out and get your ""earnest money"" back from escrow. The seller keeps your option fee (it can be credited to your portion of closing costs if you were to go forward). If you are not in an option period because it's expired or you didn't get one, you can still back out, but unless you're covered by another contract contingency that would apply, such as financing or appraisal (the bank may not be able to underwrite the property even after agreed repairs), you ""default"" and typically lose your earnest money. Technically the seller could hold you to strict performance and force you to the closing table, but that requires going to court and it's almost never heard of; just taking the earnest money and putting the house back on the market is the easier route for everyone."
"Uber would have been a better company if they just started up the world's largest payday loans business. It would actually be cheaper to operate, by a substantial margin, and they could run their business legitimately, instead of immorally and illegally on most locations.  When I looked at Uber, I laughed so hard it actually made my stomach hurt. A guy I knew reckoned he was creaming it. I used simply maths to show he was making 4 cents a kilometre by the time running costs were accounted for, and many Uber drivers will be operating at an actual loss.  At least a payday loan has no hidden costs associated with it, and you don't have to spend days raising the small amount of cash you need to get through the month.  Uber must be the most dishonest business of the planet right now, and its ""employees"" (LOL) are the dumbest fucks on the planet."
Obviously you must be an Israeli and a Jew or you must be living on another planet.  You want pictures? [Here is a complete website](http://www.peterloud.co.uk/palestine/)  There is really no need to played the aggrieved and horrified party now . .the game is over and the world knows
"For new shares to be successfully sold, the price has to be below market price. If you currently own shares of that company, you should always get an option to buy those newly sold shares at that discounted price. The number of options depends on the relative number of shares you hold. Lets say you own 100 out of 1000 shares, currently priced at $10. 100 new shares are to be sold at $9. Since you are holding 10% of all shares, you have the option (i.e. the right) to buy 10 new (cheaper) shares (10% of 100) before anybody else can buy them. Theoretically, the money you save by getting the shares at a discounted price is equal to the money you lose by the share's value being diluted. So, if you're a shareholder and the company is increasing it's capital, you're given the right to ""go with it""."
But cash talks. If you can save yourself a grand or two a month in mortgage overpayment, and have the cash for 1st and last month's rent plus deposit, a job or two, etc. That crap means more than a credit score. Plus don't rent from people you can't talk to about with what is going on in your life.   My personal credit has always been shit (because the morality associated with debt is complete bullshit) since my 20s and I have never had a problem renting, because I let my landlords know I am human and that paying rent on time and in full is my top bill to pay.   People are beginning to realize that FICO scores are pretty meaningless in this Lesser Depression.  e: prepositional indifference
"It's a tricky question w/out more context. If your only options are between stock/funds and letting it sit (i.e. in a saving or CD), I'd have to say option one is the way to go (but that's based on my situation, and you did ask ""if you .."").  However, I think the true answer is ""it depends."" It depends on your risk tolerance and what are your short-term vs. long-term financial needs. Only after answering those questions you can then seek to strategize and diversify investment accordingly."
"Not going to happen anytime soon. These old fatties won't go down without a bitter fight that will make us really hate them for a while longer.  New media (e.g. Netflix, youtube, Hulu...) still requires an internet connection. As it stands, the avenue to get connected to these services still goes through cable companies (e.g. Time Warner, Comcast, Cox...) or through telecom companies (e.g. ATT and Verizon).   The first step these antiquated orgs. will pull is putting caps on our internet usage. This will take the floor right from under online video services, which have worked off an ""all you can eat"" broadband model.  Right now caps are at something like 100-250GB, which seems like a lot. But imagine you replace your entire cable consumption with online consumption. Plus add in any other internet activity like games and downloads, 250GB may be a bit closer than you think.  Moreover, ISPs are moving to lower the caps on internet usage, probably around 50GB, which limits us even further on online media consumption.  So because they *cannot* compete with these services, they aim to stop us entirely from using them. Bully tactics, not good business through adaption and innovation.  They think by doing this, they will drive consumers back to their traditional services. Time will tell if the masses will play into their hand or actually shape demand for a non-restrictive, non-cable sourced ISP. Should such a service arise, cable companies are pretty much dead in the next 5-10 years.  As it stands, we still require cable companies to deliver our content. The battle between Old Media and New Media will be hard fought and we, the consumers, stand to get the brunt of this battle for a while longer."
It has been talked about extensively. It is talked about in [Crisis Economics](http://www.amazon.com/Crisis-Economics-Course-Future-Finance/dp/1594202508) by Nouriel Roubini.   Basically, what he wants to change is the people that own the security being rated are the ones that pay for the rating. This would help to eliminate some of the bias because they are being paid by people that want to know as much information about the security that they own.  I think it's something that would require government action to occur (could be wrong) which is why the business model hasn't changed.
"It happens in private too.   In addition to rarely ""putting their name on it"", my management will often given tasks out a wheel barrow load at the time. By saying they want it ALL done - they're not actually held responsible for any of it getting done.   The defense becomes ""well I told em'"".."
I took littleadv's advice and talked to an accountant today. Regardless of method of payment, my US LLC does not have to withhold taxes or report the payment as payments to contractors (1099/1042(S)) to the IRS; it is simply a business expense.  He said this gets more complicated if the recipient is working in the US (regardless of nationality), but that is not my case
Seems a little strange:   You exercised an option we were fully aware of and now we don't like you so vote our way or we sue.  F that - two investors wanting to control the company with an undersized holding is a no go.
True... Though if the USPS can survive these payments (I think it will) it will look very good when people start to retire in the future and it won't have to worry about retirement costs.   BUT... they do need to address their fundamental problems. They do lose billions every year without factoring in pension costs.
Uhhm you do realize that like 99% of all new consumer products are still developed and released to market by US companies.  I mean two us companies drive like 99% of the mobile cellular market, google and apple.   Google will be releasing driverless cars, tesla is redefining the car market, space X is redefining space travel the list goes on.  The idea that the dollar is america's only edge is ridiculous at best.
Since you are paying taxes on the distributions from your mutual funds anyway, instead of reinvesting the distributions back into the mutual funds, you could receive them as cash, then contribute them to your Roth IRA once you are able to open one.
"SOS stands for Secretary of State. The California Department of State handles the business entities registration, and the website is here. See ""Forms"" in the navigation menu on the left. Specifically, you'll be looking for LLC-5."
I'm not sure how I feel about this.  On one hand, the decrease of home prices is very appealing, especially living in a high cost of living area.    On the other hand, no tax right offs for charities does not seem like a good idea.  If people are going to contribute less to charitable organizations, that will directly hurt the people they are trying to help such as the poor, homeless, and disadvantaged.  And these aren't small donations like the average person.  These are thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars.   I understand most of the money doesn't necessarily reach the ones they claim to help due to salaries, overhead, and marketing, but there are some good charities that try to give as much of the donated money to their cause.  I just don't trust our local and state government to put the money  into these kinds of programs.
"&gt; Why should we trust big agro to release accurate information that may be damning to their business?  Enforcement via inspection. You only need to check up on a small portion of claims to ensure accuracy. Have hefty fines for inaccurate information, and jail time for anyone who intentionally misleads.  &gt;The problem is that the USDA has been underfunded to the point that it's completely incapable of doing the amount of inspections needed.   There's a simple and obvious solution to that.  &gt;Consumers don't know what they need to be educated about, and rely on reporters and experts to make recommendations and revelations on their behalf.   That's why there's a mix of sources. Indeed, consumers don't know, but they still have the right to ask silly questions. Actual knowledgeable people are also involved so that actual meaningful questions be answered.  &gt;Revoke all laws that restrict the first amendment when it comes to our food. ""Disparaging a food product"" should not be illegal in a free country. Public health should be more important than sales of unhealthful products.  Those laws are, in part, there to protect public safety. Causing an unfounded panic over food-products could be disastrous. Public health is the justification for those laws existing, not protecting sales."
"The fallacy in your question is in this statement: ""The formulas must exist, because prices can be followed real time."" What you see are snapshots of the current status of the stock, what was the last price a stock was traded at, what is the volume, is the price going up or down.  People who buy and hold their stock look at the status every few days or even every few months. Day traders look at the status every second of the trading day.  The math/formula comes in when people try to predict where the stock is going based on the squiggles in the line. These squiggles move based on how other people react to the squiggles.  The big movements occur when big pieces of news make large movements in the price. Company X announces the release of the key product will be delayed by a year; the founder is stepping down; the government just doubled the order for a new weapon system; the insiders are selling all the shares they can. There are no formulas to determine the correct price, only formulas that try to predict where the price may go."
Some places banks/Credit Unions will allow you to refinance a auto loan. My credit Union only does this if the original loan was with another lender. They will send the money to the old lender, then give you a loan under the new terms. They are trying to get your business, not necessarily looking for a way make less money for themselves.  You will have to see how much you will save. Which will be based on the delta of the length of the loan or the change in interest rate, or both. My Credit Union has a calculator to show you the numbers based on keeping the size of the payments the same, or keeping the number of payments the same.  Make sure you understand any limitations regarding the refinance based on the age of the car, and if you are underwater.
Pre-Market trading activity is shown on the site from 4:15 - 9:30 AM (actual trading starts at 4:00 AM EST) The NASDAQ Stock Market Trading Sessions (Eastern Time) Pre-Market Trading Hours from 4:00 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. Market Hours from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. After-Market Hours from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Read more: http://www.nasdaq.com/about/trading-schedule.aspx#ixzz38OtcISrq In this case GOOG did not trade in the Pre-market until that time and FB was.
"Yes, this is restricted by law.  In plain language, you can find it on the IRS website (under the heading ""When Can a Retirement Plan Distribute Benefits?""): 401(k), profit-sharing, and stock bonus plans Employee elective deferrals (and earnings, except in a hardship distribution) -- the plan may permit a distribution when you: •terminate employment (by death, disability, retirement or other severance from employment); •reach age 59½; or •suffer a hardship. Employer profit-sharing or matching contributions -- the plan may permit a distribution of your vested accrued benefit when you: •terminate employment (by death, disability, retirement or other severance from employment); •reach the age specified in the plan (any age); or •suffer a hardship or experience another event specified in the plan. Form of benefit - the plan may pay benefits in a single lump-sum payment as well as offer other options, including payments over a set period of time (such as 5 or 10 years) or a purchased annuity with monthly lifetime payments.  Source: https://www.irs.gov/retirement-plans/plan-participant-employee/when-can-a-retirement-plan-distribute-benefits If you want to actually see it in the law, check out 26 USC 401(k)(2)(B)(i), which lists the circumstances under which a distribution can be made.  You can get the full text, for example, here: https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/26/401 I'm not sure what to say about the practice of the company that you mentioned in your question.  Maybe the law was different then?"
There are two dates that matter for vesting in this situation: If you left the company on 12/31/16, you would be entitled to none of the company contributions. If you left on 1/1/17, you would be entitled to all $20k. This is sometimes known as a cliff vesting schedule. Some companies do a stair step - 20% after year 1, 40% after year 2, etc. This is known as graded vesting. But, that is not the case based on the language here.
Confused? see your CPA
Completely agree with this, especially with the level 2 comment. Some sections in the Schweser level 2 books are quite scarce, and will need additional research.   I just passed level 2 this June, and I have pretty much never used the CFAI materials; they are very long and time consuming, whereas the Schweser resources were much shorter, yet still comprehensive enough. Of course, you are in this to improve yourself and learn as much as you can about the world of finance, so if you are not under time pressure, perhaps it may be better for your long term understanding to learn the content from the CFAI resources.   One thing I would stress is to do the Mock exams and topic tests on the CFA website, as this is probably the most important component of your studies. Use these resources to find your weaknesses and fill in the gaps from there.   You should skim read those blue boxes which contain worked examples, but personally I found the end of chapter questions to be too easy and a waste of time tbh.  Hope that helps a bit; all the best for your studies.   TL;DR  Schweser materials are more concise and a better option Regardless of what you use, do official CFA mocks &amp; topic tests
Just because gold performed that well in the past does not mean it will perform that well in the future.  I'm not saying you should or should not buy gold, but the mere fact that it went up a lot recently is not sufficient reason to buy it. Also note that on the house, an investment that accrues continuous interest for 30 years at an annual rate of about 7.7% will multiply by a factor of 10 in 30 years.  That rate is pretty high by today's standards, but it might have been more feasible in the past (I don't know historical interest rates very well).  Yet again note that the fact that houses went up a lot over the last 30 years does not mean they will continue to do so.
Buffett has the edge here. Berkshire is proposing to keep Oncor's board and CEO, which NextEra didn't offer and was a sticking point for the PUC.  However Elliot owns something like 70%+ of EFH's debt, so maybe the PUCT will be more accommodating to that.
Cut the tax rate, eliminate the loopholes.  If they are able to make money then they should be more than able to do so, but if they are not, they should have to take the loss as they are the ones taking the risk.  EDIT: Of course I'm downvoted, I forgot Reddit is basically communist.
Remind me again who held and was willing to loan out that debt?  The investor classes partly created the risk environment that they now want protection from. convenient.   If they're going to sit on their savings, they're going to comparatively lose more to inflation, so what you think will happen probably wouldn't happen. And even if they do, savings don't receive preferential tax treatment anyways.
The Skipton Building Society has recently announced that it is offering a cash LISA. According to the papers it is the first to offer a cash LISA. Skipton is the UK's 4th largest UK Building Society and has been in existence since 1853. There are other providers of LISAs such as Hargreaves Landsdown. Hargreaves Lansdown is listed on the FTSE 100 i.e. it's one of the largest 100 companies with a UK stock market listing. Stocks and Shares and Cash LISAs are quite different so you need to decide which type you want before deciding where you want to get one from. You can switch from one to another at a later date if you so wish but you may need to switch providers to do so.
My current favorite service for this kind of transfer is Transferwise. The fees are quite low when compared to the 2.5-3% by high-street banks for currency conversion, to which you need to add the international wire transfer fee, and it's often a lot faster, as they split it into two domestic transfers while the international part + currency conversion happens internally to Transferwise.
It was Facebook/Zuckerberg implementing their black mail engine. I helped manage a Facebook page as an intern for a mid-size music venue a few years ago. Our outreach per post was hitting at least 50% of our followers. Overnight that number crashed to 15-20%. Conveniently. we received an email shortly thereafter explaining how if we paid for advertising, we could boost our visibility back to where it used to be. That cannot be a winning strategy in the longterm, to demand that the entities that drive traffic on your site to pay for exposure.
The reason we are talking about Saudi, because they are the biggest oil exporter. Their political stability-oil supply has direct impact to US and global economy.  i doubt any of us really concern about actual saudi economic well being without considering direct impact to global oil supply.   Venezuela oil export is not as large as Saudi, and venezuela biggest customer (and their biggest mistake) is US.  Venezuela is just US screwing a vassal state.  Saudi is global oil security.
You can't actually transfer shares directly unless they were obtained as part of an employee share scheme - see the answers to questions 19 and 20 on this page: http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/isa/faqs.htm#19 Q. Can I put shares from my employee share scheme into my ISA? A. You can transfer any shares you get from into a stocks and shares component of an ISA without having to pay   Capital Gains Tax - provided your ISA manager agrees to take them. The   value of the shares at the date of transfer counts towards the annual   limit. This means you can transfer up to £11,520 worth of shares in the tax   year 2013-14 (assuming that you make no other subscriptions to ISAs,   in those years). You must transfer the shares within 90 days from the day they cease to   be subject to the Plan, or (for approved SAYE share option schemes) 90   days of the exercise of option date. Your employer should be able to   tell you more. Q. Can I put windfall or inherited shares in my ISA? A. No. You can only transfer shares you own into an ISA if they have   come from an employee share scheme. Otherwise, the ISA manager must   purchase shares on the open market. The situation is the same if you have shares that you have inherited.   You are not able to transfer them into an ISA.
"Are you saying they're all just a bunch of hacks trying to monetize fear instead of actually providing sound financial advice? Are you further suggesting that they were nowhere to be found in 07, yet now that the country is in a poor financial state, they're trying to grab headlines? Are you saying that even though they all claim they ""predicted"" the housing crisis there is no conclusive evidence suggesting that any of them actually did so?   Oh wait, I guess I said that."
"First note that Standard Chartered Bank's domain is ""sc.com"", not ""scb.com"". The ""scb.com"" site appears to be an architecture company ""of sorts"". The ""yandex"" email address is for a Russian search company which offers free email services.  The ""standardchartered.X10.bz"" email address is clearly a spoof use of the standard chartered name, and is registered in Belize - a small central American country and tax haven.  The ""yilmazguneadana.org"" is not recognised by internet DNS, so appears to be an email only service. This is clearly a phishing scam.  Do not respond to this email.  Of the many thousands of people that have received this email, sadly some will be dumb enough to respond - the elderly are most vulnerable to this type of scam."
"Depending on what you need to explain, you can submit your electronic return without the supplemental information and subsequently mail a Form 8453 with the additional information.  This is helpful for form 8489, for example, where you need to list every transaction reported by your stock broker on a 1099-B.  See https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8453.pdf for more details on this form. If the information you need to submit an attachment for doesn't follow one of the options on that form, you will likely need to file a paper return or use a paid tax preparation service/application. Limitations of FreeFile are explained here, along with a list of forms that are available: https://www.irs.gov/uac/List-of-Available-Free-File-Fillable-Forms The ""Attaching Statements"" and ""Write-in information"" sections seem like they might apply to your situation. Attaching Statements - If you need to add statements and you can't use Form 8453, U.S. Individual Income Tax Transmittal for an IRS e-file Return, to mail that information, you will not be able to use this program to efile your return Identity Protection PIN's (IP PIN) - This program only supports the entry of a Primary taxpayer's IP PIN. If the spouse or dependents have an IP PIN, you cannot use this program to efile the return. Writing In Information - Your ability to ""write in"" additional information to explain an entry is generally limited to the 1040 forms and some of the more frequently submitted forms. If you need to write in additional information on a form, other than the 1040 series, you may not be able to use this program to efile your tax return. E-filing Forms - To efile forms, (except Form 4868) they must be attached to a 1040 series form (1040, 1040A or 1040EZ). Form Limitations - There may be Known Limitations of forms you plan to complete. Please review them. A form limitation may keep you from completing or e-filing your return."
The traditional role of a stockbroker is to arrange for the buying and selling of stock by finding buyers and sellers at an agreed upon price.  The broker does not purchase the stock for himself but merely arranges for the stock to be traded. A trader is one who purchases stock with the hope of selling it for a gain.  The trader will use a broker to help with the purchase and sale of a stock.
Write a virus, start spreading it via USB. That's how stuxnet got to Iran's nuclear program.  Someone could make a virus that does nothing on most computers, but if it happens to be on an ATM, it spits out cash if you type in the proper number on the key pad.
If you don't know how to evaluate funds and are looking for someone to help you make good investment decisions, then you want a financial advisor.  My suggestion is to look for one that 1) doesn't try to sell you insurance first (since insurance is an expense, not an investment), 2) can explain to you the the relationship between risk and return (and what mix is right for you) and 3) recommends funds that have good demonstrated returns after fees have been removed. If you plan to pick your own funds and just want a transaction broker, go with one of the free/cheap online discount brokers.  Many let you invest in hundreds of different funds, so look for brokers with the cheapest fees.
&gt;First, federal labor law bars even non-union employers like Google from punishing an employee for communicating with fellow employees about improving working conditions. The purpose of the memo was to persuade Google to abandon certain diversity-related practices the engineer found objectionable and to convince co-workers to join his cause, or at least discuss the points he raised.   &gt;In a reply to the initial outcry over his memo, the engineer added to his memo: “Despite what the public response seems to have been, I’ve gotten many personal messages from fellow Googlers expressing their gratitude for bringing up these very important issues which they agree with but would never have the courage to say or defend because of our shaming culture and the possibility of being fired.” The law protects that kind of “concerted activity.”   &gt;Second, the engineer’s memo largely is a statement of his political views as they apply to workplace policies. The memo is styled as a lament to “Google’s Ideological Echo Chamber.” California law prohibits employers from threatening to fire employees to get them to adopt or refrain from adopting a particular political course of action.  https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2017/08/07/it-may-be-illegal-for-google-to-punish-engineer-over-anti-diversity-memo-commentary.html  The employee was also fired after making a complaint to the NLRB. &gt;Damore said he was exploring all possible legal remedies, and that before being fired, he had submitted a charge to the U.S. National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) accusing Google upper management of trying to shame him into silence.   https://www.reuters.com/article/us-google-diversity-idUSKBN1AO088
"&gt; she makes some very good points to the whole ""Startup"" mentality.  The 'fight' here is for responsibility.  Ahoyhere is challenging people to be responsible for themselves, and to 'take the blame' if they have nothing to show for it when or if their vc startup employer goes bust (or, gets wildly successful and they don't share in the success.)    People don't want that.  They want to tell themselves they're justified for being bitter after being screwed.  They want to know that 'hard work always pays off', which is obviously false."
"I'd be willing to pay for content only if it was somehow integrated into a single billing structure, and I didn't have to manage eight million micro-transaction accounts with every single website that I used.   So, for example, maybe instead of an ad-server - Google could run some kind of cookied browsing tracker that would apportion my monthly ""content budget"" among the various sites I visit based on my time-on-page?"
"Okay, I'm going to give you my opinion based on experience; not any technical understanding. The options - by themselves - are pretty meaningless in terms of determining their value. The business plan going forward, their growth expectations, the additional options to be authorized, the additional preferred stock offers they anticipate, even current estimated value of the company are some of the pieces of data you will be needing. I also want to say something cynical, like ""to hell with the stock options give me cold hard"" but that's just me. (My experience two-times so far has shown stock options to be worth very very little.)"
That's like saying the Dollar is untrustworthy because Madoff used it in his scam, or that the Dollar is a criminal enterprise because US cash is the number one currency of the black market.  If you believe those arguments as well, then I grant your criticism, but otherwise you'd be inconsistent.  Personally I don't think it makes sense to blame the money in any of these situations.  Money's just a fundamental tool for all economic activity, good or bad, and in all of these cases, I'd argue the money did exactly what it's supposed to do.  Seems a lot more reasonable to blame the individuals involved.
Eh, I've read their list and it didn't seem like they had that strong of arguments for their selections. Some of those I'm sure will make the short list but others don't seem to match what Amazon is looking for at all.
I'm in the US as well, but some basic things are still the same. You need to trade through a broker, but the need for a full service broker is no longer necessary. You may be able to get by with a web based brokerage that charges less fees. If you are nervous, look for a big name, and avoid a fly by night company. Stick with non-exotic investments. don't do options, or futures or Forex. You may even want to skip shares all together and see if UK offers something akin to an index fund which tracks broad markets (like the whole of the FTSE 100 or the S&P 500) as a whole.
In 1929 the Dow Jones Industrial Average peaked at roughly 390 just prior to the Great Depression. It did not return to that level again until 25 years later in 1954. 25 years is a long time to go without any returns, especially if you are a retiree. There is no easy answer with investing. Trying to time the tops and bottoms is widely regarded as a foolhardy endeavor, but whenever you invest you expose yourself to the possibility of this scenario. The only thing I highly recommend is not to base your decision on the historical returns from 1975 to 2000 that the other answers have presented. These returns can be explained by policy changes that many are coming to understand are unsustainable. The growth of our debt, income inequality, and monetary manipulation by central banks are all reasons to be skeptical of future returns.
"Because any nation that allows real estate to become an asset class will eventually, given enough time, destroy the wealth potential and social mobility of the non-owner class. There's a reason that aristocracy used to be referred to as ""landed aristocracy"".   The solution is a progressively higher tax on second, third and fourth properties. And an elimination of tax on first properties.  But such proposals are never allowed air time as they gut the rentier class."
In my experience, this choice is entirely up to the bank itself. There was a time when, given my mothers ATM card I could go to the bank and pull money for her, but the bank has since changed their rules and now they only will allow people listed on the account to access it, card or no card.  If the bank is aware of who you are and knows that your friend is not you, they may be skeptical of allowing your friend to withdraw any money, or they might not care, it's at their discretion.  If they do not know who either of you are, if your friend has the card and information needed, that will likely be sufficient, unless they ask for identification.
If the account is not dollar-denominated, I would say it does not make sense at all to have dollar-denominated statements. Such a statement would not even be accurate for any reasonable amount of time (since FX rates constantly fluctuate). This would be a nightmare for accounting purposes. If you really need to know the statements in USD, I think the best practice would be to perform the conversion yourself using Excel or some similar software.
I don't even think that much is true, in a downturned market we see deflation. Things go on sale, prices drop, that's deflation. But the elephant in the room is that the gov't can't let deflation happen or their debt becomes harder to pay off. So after/during a downturn the government goes into hyperinflation mode.  To me, gold/silver aren't a hedge against the dollar they are a hedge against the inevitable decline of the dollar which isn't going to stop until we change monetary policy.  Graph the dollar's value in the past 100 years, it's the biggest crash in history. Now ask yourself if the dollar was a stock, would you want to own it with that record? 100 years of declination. Sell your dollars, find a real currency.
You have to pay off the balance on the loan first. Also, FHA loans are not supposed to be used for rental properties. I don't know how you living there for a number of years changes things or how often is that rule enforced but you might need to refinance even if you rent it out.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.dawn.com/news/1361897/saudi-arabia-to-buy-russian-s-400-defence-systems-other-arms) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Saudi Arabia signed on Thursday preliminary agreements to buy S-400 air defence systems and receive &amp;quot;Cutting edge technologies&amp;quot; from Russia during King Salman&amp;#039;s landmark visit to Moscow, the Saudi military industries firm said.  &gt; Under the agreements, Saudi Arabia is set to buy S-400 air defence systems, Kornet anti-tank guided missile systems and multiple rocket launchers.  &gt; &amp;#039;Positive cooperation&amp;#039; Citing Russia&amp;#039;s energy minister Alexander Novak, the Financial Times reported that Russia and Saudi Arabia were expected to sign deals worth over $3 billion, including a $1bn energy investment fund and a $1.1bn agreement for Russia&amp;#039;s petrochemicals giant Sibur to build a plant in Saudi Arabia.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/74h8c5/saudi_arabia_to_buy_russian_s400_defence_systems/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~222658 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Saudi**^#1 **Russia**^#2 **agreement**^#3 **Salman**^#4 **Arabia**^#5"
Since the compounding period and payment period differs (Compounded Daily vs Paid Monthly), you need to find the effective interest rate for one payment period (month).   This means that each month you pay 0.33387092772% of the outstanding principal as interest.  Then use this formula to find the number of months:  Where PV = 21750, Pmt = 220, i = 0.0033387092772  That gives 120 Months.  Depending on the day count convention, (30/360 or 30.416/365 or Actual/Actual), the answer may differ slightly. Using Financial Calculator gives extremely similar answer.  The total cash paid in the entire course of the loan is 120 x $220 = $26,400
It's not that simple.  The problem is that Greece is not in control if it's own finances.  Neither are any of the other countries.  The Eurozone doesn't have the power to do things like raise taxes or sell government bonds, and the individual governments don't have the power to float the currency.  The Eurozone is going to unwind over the a decade.  Greece will leave, but there are another 4-5 countries that should leave the Euro for the same reasons as Greece.  Spain seems likely to be the next up, with Italy not far behind.  The Euro was never designed to break apart.  We really have no idea what the shockwaves of a country leaving the currency will look like.
"&gt; Wii – 95.85 million as of 31 March 2012[8]  &gt; Xbox 360 – 65.8 million as of 12 January 2012[52]  &gt; PlayStation 3 – 63.9 million as of 31 March 2012[53]  I wouldn't characterize those numbers as Microsoft ""dominating"" the market.  I also don't think it is a ""certainty"" that Microsoft will dominate the next generation.  &gt;MS is also much closer to a unified platform for you TV.  I don't get this at all.  I have a 360 and a PS3.  My PS3, has Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, and it's own video service but it also has a blue ray player and the ability to easily stream videos from my Windows Home server, something I've been unable to get my 360 to do.   Personally, I think Windows 8 is going to be very similar to Vista.  Businesses (which is a HUGE % of Microsoft's OS market) aren't going to touch Windows 8 with a 10 foot pole.  Keep in mind Windows XP is still 41% of the PC market.  Overall, you've got a much rosier view of Microsoft than I do."
It's quite alright, it's been over a decade since he passed so I'm not particularly sensitive about it any more.  I'll have a look at investopedia, but what I'm mainly interested in is private equity. I wanted to ask directly about that, but I feel that I need a frame of reference to understand what's going on. As in, I doubt I'd be able to really get private equity without first having an understanding of public trading.  Is this subreddit really that reputable? I've learned to not really trust reddit, for the most part. Is there some kind of curation here?
Anytime you mention Wal-mart's employment, it's almost always the biggest (fill in the blank) because it's the country's biggest private employer.  It employs 4 times more people than #2 (McDonalds).  About 1 / 150 Americans work for Wal-Mart.  It's crazy.
Apples and oranges. The stock market requires a tiny bit of your time. Perhaps a lot if you are interested in individual stocks, and pouring through company annual reports, but close to none if you have a mix of super low cost ETFs or index fund.  The real estate investing you propose is, at some point, a serious time commitment. Unless you use a management company to handle incoming calls and to dispatch repair people. But that's a cost that will eat into your potential profits. If you plan to do this 'for real,' I suggest using the 401(k), but then having the option to take loans from it. The ability to write a check for $50K is pretty valuable when buying real estate. When you run the numbers, this will benefit you long term.  Edit - on re-reading your question Rental Property: What is considered decent cash flow? (with example), I withdraw my answer above. You overestimated the return you will get, the actual return will likely be negative. It doesn't take too many years of your one per year strategy to wipe you out.  Per your comment below, if bought right, rentals can be a great long term investment. Glad you didn't buy the loser.
Nah most of what the quants do is v. mathematics / theory heavy and not prog / cs heavy. It really depends whether you want a markets / stats focus or a programming focus.  Programming focus = CS style, development, implementing algo.s  Markets focus (where the $ is) = refining algos and working with devs, stats/research, more physics/maths-style work with a lot more scripting and empirical approaches to problem solving  Take it from someone in industry... you'll be fine just go out and get a job, they'll train you, start reading the FT for some background on markets and read up on basic financials e.g. what stock actually is, how it's prices, how markets actually function (structurally), how people price swaps and bonds, etc.
The main concern I'd have is that something will happen to the account while it's unattended.  While you may not have any money in it to risk, you could have a fraudulent check written against it that causes you to incur NSF fees. Your bank also might change its no-fee policy (I assume these are no-fee accounts, or there's an obvious drawback).  If it does, it's possible you might not notice, and again then the fee might be assessed, overdrawing you and causing additional NSF fees.
Yes, it's true (from a BB perspective).  This isn't the 80's where M&amp;A's are the money makers.  This isn't the 90's where IPO's are the cash cows.  Going forward the new products, especially the OTC derivatives market and FI are going to be where a lot of resources are pooled and where revenues are generated.  Ask yourself the question, why do you want to go into equity research as opposed to another product?
"I'm a manager of a charity shop so work with a wide range of unpaid volunteers, which requires an especially soft touch (most of the time, everyone is different) or people will just leave.  It takes longer, but the overall results are better and more long-lasting.    Think of it like pushing a boat from the docks with your hand, always applying a small pressure to get the boat to gradually move where you want, rather than ramming into the side of a boat with a truck - sure it'll get you there quicker, but will cause lasting damage.  It's also best to take it slow, as you need time to learn the business and people.  Be clear about your approach with your boss, managing their expectations is important.  Anyway, here is what I've learnt in my first year or so doing this job, plus things I've learnt along the way in my previous career as a software engineer (radical career change!) where I've managed people and been managed:  1. Be yourself.  Don't pretend to be someone you're not, everyone will see right through you in an instant.  You'll change over time as you get used to managing people, that's fine, but always be yourself through that.  1. Say ""thank you"" to everyone at the end of each day as you say goodbye.  Mean it.  Think of all the work they've done today for you.  1. Spread the shit evenly.  Every job has crap parts, make sure you and everyone else gets their fair share and no more.  I regularly hoover, clean the bathroom, wash-up, and so on.  1. Ask, don't tell.  If you bark orders, people will do them.. but they'll put no effort into it and you'll distance yourself from them.  Ask if they could do something for you.  It's a politeness, nobody ever says no unless there is an issue which you need to deal with anyway.  1. Pick your battles.  Is it worth moaning at someone for that little infraction?  Or can you get over that message another way?  i.e. I don't like people having drinks on the till counter, so when I take over to cover for them for a break, I just move it.  After a while, no drinks appear on the counter.  1. Be honest.  If you don't know, say so.. ask for input.  Weigh up the options out loud, then pick one, explain why, and go for it - or better yet, get the person that thought of it working with you (not for you) to implement it.  If you're wrong, hold your hand up and try the other suggestion(s).  1. Always take responsibility when things go wrong - that is actually your job.  When things go well, use *you* and *we*.  If things go badly, sometimes *I*, sometimes *we*, but never *you*.  1. Always be pro-active with money.  If you owe your staff money for any reason, chase them to give it to them, never let them chase you.  If there even *might* be any problems at all with money, let everyone know as soon as you know.  Go out of your way to ensure they get what they're owed *now*, not later.  I just did this today actually, I forgot to do expenses for someone and switched over the till so there wasn't enough cash in the new till to cover it.. so I just took it from the money to bank, and marked down why there was a discrepancy on the paperwork and will do the same tomorrow when that doesn't match by the opposite amount.  I should not do this at all, but it's the right thing to do.  1. Listen carefully.  Often employees have problems but won't bring them up, either they don't think anything will get done, or they don't want to get someone in trouble, or something else.  However, if you listen and observe carefully, often there are clues to the things that are bothering them and you'll find ways to tackle them.  1. Don't run a team meeting until you know everyone, if you can avoid it.  You don't know shit about how the company works, who the people are, what makes them tick, what they do, and so on.  All you'll do is come across as a bit of a tool, and distance yourself from them (as boss).  When you do run one, just guide it, don't lead it.  Always hand over control of the conversation as much as possible, except of course where you've got things that they need to hear.  1. Never joke about your 'power'.  i.e. Don't mess about saying how you'll fire them if blah, or how you'll give them all the shit work, or mention pay jokingly, etc.  I had a boss that did that when drunk, not in a serious way at all, and he was very widely hated for pretty well nothing other than that.  It served as a constant reminder that he's separate from us.  1. Give people room, but don't be taken for a ride.  If someone is late once, fine, I wouldn't even mention it.  Late again, maybe I'd make a light joke of it.  Late again.. we'll have a chat.. always listen to what they have to say, is there any way you can help?  But, don't be taken for a ride.  I've had people pick me up on being late the very first time I was late, and you know what, I was more late for that job from then on than I've ever been before or since.  1. Try to get your employees to come up with ideas to move the business forwards.  It's very easy to look at a business and say ""we need this, that, and the other doing.. like this!"".  But you need to get your employees to buy into it, or they just won't do it properly.  It'll be like getting blood out of a stone to start with, but if you're patient and support their ideas most people will come around.  You *need* their input as they know their job better than you.  1. EDIT: Always be clear what you want from people, when.  Speak with them about the task(s) before-hand to make sure they're comfortable with it and think it can be done in the time.  So many times I've been given tasks with unrealistic deadlines, the manager hasn't wanted to listen to my protests, then wonders why it didn't get done in time.  It's crazy really, wanting something to be possible doesn't make it so.  *A (not so) Quick Example*  One volunteer said to me that we should halve the price of all the fiction books to .99 to compete with other shops.  I personally don't think that's a good idea (our shop has better quality stock and is much more organised), but I have no evidence to the contrary, and I honestly don't really know.. so I say go for it and support it completely as a good idea.  We tried it for a month, and we made exactly the same amount of money.. sold twice as many books, but no extra cash.  So it was valuable to do, and we discovered that maybe 1.49 might be a good option to try.  But, far more importantly, they saw their ideas put into action right away, and saw the results of that.  It empowered them, which is incredibly important for a wide variety of reasons that are too much to go into here, but basically it makes them feel more respected, enjoy their job more, think more about the business, and so on - you know what it's like when you're empowered, how good it feels.  However, it's being empowered with the support that's important, something which you personally going into your new job don't feel you have, which leads to the anxiety and so on I'm sure you're feeling now.  Don't put your employees in that position if you can help it.  There is also another reason why I outright supported their idea from the offset.  It didn't work (although we didn't loose anything) and I thought it wouldn't, but I can say ""*we* tried"".  It wasn't down to that one person, they didn't feel bad that it didn't work because I was right behind it, and it's my job to take responsibility.  If it had been *their* idea that had failed, they wouldn't give any ideas ever again, and everyone else would be put off too.  As soon as anyone tries to take personal responsibility, and they will, stick to your guns in supporting them.. stronger than ever.  Now we're getting a lot of ideas all the time, they're having in-depth discussions amongst each other, they're pro-active, and so on.  As a business we're doing much better now because of it.. profits are up 15% from last year and we've only just begun to kick things off, and that's going against a national trend downwards.  We've had several critical changes to our shop layout, back-room organisation, results reporting, stock handling processes, and so on.. all from volunteer ideas and feedback.  So the 15% is actually the tip of the iceberg, what we've got in place now should allow us to grow more quickly too.  And remember, you can make suggestions too of course.. but they're just that, suggestions.  Suggest them to your employees, speak with several of them, then get back to them when you've made a decision.  Don't say ""I'm thinking of trying this"", say ""I was just thinking.. what about this?  Do you think it would work?"" and talk about it.  Think of arguments against your idea, see if they counter them, and so on.  Now.. how many of these changes did I think of before-hand and want to enact?  About half.. so we've got a significant number of successful ideas that I personally hadn't thought of, everyone's happier and working harder for the business, and we have a bright future.  I have more ideas too, and people listen to and respect them now just like I have with them.  I think that's the key to it all really.  Show your employees respect, and they'll show you it in return."
Your practice of waiting until you can pay cash is a good one. It will certainly prevent you from getting into debt! Now, to be clear, your question puts a credit card in the same category as a loan, but it doesn't have to be. You could use a credit card almost like cash, if you are careful. I'm not familiar with the system in France, but in the US, even if you are paying cash all the time, there are some benefits to getting a credit card and paying it off in full every month, instead of simply paying with cash. Some of those benefits are: One pretty big downside of having a credit card depends on your personality. Some people, once they have credit, end up spending beyond their means, and end up getting into debt. Please look into whether credit cards work the same way in France before considering the above advice. As for your question regarding getting a loan vs paying cash, that will usually be personal preference, since with a loan you can buy expensive items (such as a house or car) much sooner than you otherwise could if you waited until you saved the money. For example, it might take 10 years or more to build up enough money to purchase a house with cash, so if you don't want to wait that long, you'll need to finance it.
"Stock price is determined by the buyers and sellers, correct? Correct! ""Everything is worth what its purchaser will pay for it""-Publius Syrus What causes people to buy or sell? Is it news? earnings? stock analysis and techniques? All of these things influence investors' perception of how much a stock is worth. If AMZN makes a lot of money one quarter, then the price might go up. But maybe public perception of AMZN changes because of a large scandal. This could cause the share price to decline even with the favorable earnings report. Why do these 'good' or 'bad' news make people want to buy/sell a stock? People invest to make money. If it looks like a company is going to take a turn for the worst, people will sell. If it looks like the company has a bright, cash-laden future in front of them, people will buy. News is one of the many factors people use to determine how well a company will do. Theoretically could a bunch of people short AMZN and drive down the price regardless of how well it is doing? Say investors wanted to boycott AMZN in order to drive down the cost and get some cheap shares. This is pretty silly, but say for the sake of the argument that everyone who owned AMZN decided to sell their shares and no other investor was willing to buy the shares for less than $0.01, then AMZN shares would be ""worth"" $0.01 in that aspect. That is extremely unlikely to happen, though, for two reasons:"
Agree with Michael here. The exchanges help you more than they will hurt. It begs the question why you want to avoid exchanges and the brokers since they do provide a valuable service. If you want to avoid big fees, most of the discount brokerages have tiny fees these days (optionshouse is down to $4), plus many have deals where you get 60 or more trades for free.
This sounds like a crazy idea, but in reality people don't make the wisest decisions when considering bankruptcy in Australia.  My suggestion would be to get some advice from an insolvency specialist.
You should also be aware that there are banks that do business in the US that do not deal with Fannie Mae, and thus are not subject to the rules about conforming loans.  Here is an example of a well-known bank that lists two sets of rates, with the second being for loans of $750,000 or more (meaning the first covers everything up to that) https://home.ingdirect.com/orange-mortgage/rates
"This may sound very ""tongue in cheek"", but the best thing you can invest in is to raise your income in order to increase your retirement savings.  How much are you able to contribute to retirement now?  I think you would be lucky to do $150/month and most months probably less than that.  However, if you were making like 60k/year, and allowed a little lifestyle bloat, you could probably easy put away 20k/year.  Once you are able to do that the savings you can manage now will be quickly eclipsed.   Often times when people consider ""having their money work for them"" they often neglect to factor risk.  Prior to investing one should have a proper emergency fund in place.  That is 6 months or so of living expenses in a nice safe savings account.  Those earn about 1.25% these days, which is pretty meager, but it does earn something.   Once the emergency fund is in place, one can invest with impunity.  Without it, you will have to liquidate investments if economic calamity strikes you.  This could be done at a loss furthering the harm done by the calamity.   Increase your income and create an emergency fund.  Do those things first."
Why not just get a consolidated loan for 15K, and then $20K zero transfer? The Loan will have a payoff on the amount borrowed, probably a fixed payment which would be more than double the payment as if it were only $15K to start. That make sense?  If you are approved for both pieces of this, it should help, what is going to be the rate on the loan?  The process you are starting has 3 aspects - cut spending, reduce interest, minimize payment obligations. If you do anything to earn more, even a few hours a week it will add up.  I would not reduce any credit lines. In a perfect world, you will have a buffer of money to cover any expense. Until then, available access to money is important, but of course to be used either for emergencies or when cash is there to pay the bill in full when it comes in.
Your article uses two metrics, number of lawyers per capital and number of lawsuits. I don't think those simplistic metrics are sufficient to count as science or even a fully reasoned analysis. Perhaps number, + dollar value, +validity, +lawsuits that are threatened but not followed through with. I actually live in Germany, after having grown up in the us, and it's very clear to me that the US has a significantly shittier environment surrounding litigation.
"The ""Deferral"" for the 401k means that you're not collecting your pay immediately, but instead diverting it to a retirement account (Roth 401k in this case). This article defines deferral well: What is the difference between a regular 401(k) deferral (pre-tax) and a Roth 401(k) deferral?  Under either a regular 401(k) deferral or a Roth 401(k) deferral, you   make a deferral contribution by electing to set  aside part of your   pay (by either a certain percentage or a certain dollar amount).  For   a regular 401(k) deferral, the  taxable wages on your W-2 are reduced   by the deferral contribution; therefore, you pay less current income   tax.   However, you will eventually pay tax on these contributions and   earnings when the plan distributes the regular  401(k) deferrals and   earnings to you.  The result is that the tax on the regular 401(k)   deferrals and earnings is only  postponed.  A Roth 401(k) deferral is an after-tax contribution, which  means you   must pay current income tax on the deferral.   Since you have already   paid tax on the deferral, you won’t pay tax on it again when you   receive a distribution of  your Roth 401(k) deferral.  In addition, if   you satisfy cer tain distribution conditions, then you won’t have to   pay tax  on the earnings either.  This means  that the distribution of   the Roth 401(k) earnings can be tax free not just tax  postponed. Traditionally, this deferred compensation typically was directed to a 401k, but now that Roth 401k is another available option, deferred compensation can be directed there as well."
**Potlatch**  A potlatch is a gift-giving feast practiced by indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast of Canada and the United States, among whom it is traditionally the primary economic system. This includes the Heiltsuk, Haida, Nuxalk, Tlingit, Makah, Tsimshian, Nuu-chah-nulth, Kwakwaka'wakw, and Coast Salish cultures. Potlatches are also a common feature of the peoples of the Interior and of the Subarctic adjoining the Northwest Coast, though mostly without the elaborate ritual and gift-giving economy of the coastal peoples (see Athabaskan potlatch).  Potlatches went through a history of rigorous ban by the Canadian federal government, continuing underground despite the risk of criminal punishment, and have been studied by many anthropologists.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.27
There are two answers to this (excluding central banks which are really just a banks to private banks):  **Please note:  This is an oversimplification and not accounting for the fact that banks operate in both categories now.  **  Banks are either depository institutions or financial service/transaction providers.  *  Depository institutions are your typical retail bank (regions, boa retail, wells fargo retail, etc).  They accept deposits from account holders and lend out via reserve lending to mortgages and business loans for their revenue generation.    * Financial service/transaction providers are better known as IBanks.  You have your Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, etc.  These have traditionally been banks that do not accept deposit accounts but revenue generation comes from financial services such as asset management and research or from financial transaction facilitation such as market making (offering both buy/sell quotes in capital markets).  This is generally the role that banks have played historically from the medieval ages on... They started out as being entities that provided access to connecting buyers and sellers of markets.
Not really. This just shows you might be able to fill huge orders a little less cheaply now, but then somebody else gets to fill it at a better price and the HFT/Market Maker took on some risk for some profit. That's pretty much the definition of providing liquidity. How is this raising prices? It's not. Raising prices would be if HFT bought like 2mil worth of stock and just held it for some time, then tried to sell it to you later at a better price, but that's just investing.
Your edit indicates that you may not yet be ready to get heavily involved in investing. I say this because it seems you are not very familiar with foundational finance/investing concepts.  The returns that you are seeing as 'yearly' are just the reported earnings every 12 months, which all public companies must publish. Those 'returns' are not the same as the earnings of individual investors (which will be on the basis of dividends paid by the company [which are often annual, sometimes semi-annual, and sometimes quarterly], and by selling shares purchased previously. Note that over 3 months time, investing in interest-earning investments [like bank deposits] will earn you something like 0.5%. Investing in the stock market will earn you something like 2% (but with generally higher risk than investing in something earning interest). If you expect to earn significant amounts of money in only 3 months, you will not be able to without taking on extreme levels of risk [risk as high as going to a casino].  Safe investing takes time - years. In the short term, the best thing you can do to earn money is by earning more [through a better job, or a second part-time job], or spending less [budget, pay down high interest debt, and spend less than you earn]. I highly recommend you look through this site for more budgeting questions on how to get control of your finances. If you feel that doesn't apply to you, I encourage you to do a lot more research on investing before you send your money somewhere - you could be taking on more risk than you realize, if you are not properly informed.
I'm a sysadmin by trade. Yes there's still a lot of skeptimism towards MS, as sysadmins are much slower to change their views. But a lot of admins are well skilled in MS services. Rarely will you find an admin that hasn't managed an AD environment at least once in their life.
The root cause can be said to always be a crisis in confidence.  It may be due to a very real event.  However, confidence is what pushes the markets up and worries are what bring them down.
You're not talking about capitalism, you're talking about hate for the bourgeois which you refer to as parasites, thus making you the proletariat. You don't own a business, you work for one. If you wanted to create a company, you could because you have the freedom to so do, the opportunity to sacrafice (as this guy did) through discipline and determination. But you don't-- you prefer to debate religion and give people advice and make assertions on the internet.  Capitalism is an economic system that is based on private ownership of the means of production and the creation of goods or services for profit. (taken right from wikipedia).  This guy built a company from the garage of a small house, driving a 12 year old car while his friends drove new cars and enjoyed healthy salaries. Today his company has 7,000 employees and lots of revenue. Who did he exploit? It sounds like he produced a service, for profit.   So what is exploitive? The fact that his revenue and profit are larger than most? His net profit is much lower than gross profit because of already high liabilities, not only including various taxes, but as much or more in mandatory insurances, I'd wager the net profit is less than half of the gross profit. If his liability increases, there is less incentive to continue operations.   The fact is he created his business and he can do with it what he pleases.
The cost for publication is US$ 25, which they accept only via money order or check. I only own a saving account in an Indian bank. India does not have International Money Order to US. If check's are fine, walk into your Branch and request for a US Dollar Banks Check. They should be able to arrange for one, there are fees associated with this. You can then mail this out to the US Organization.
Most of the Walmart hate can be traced back to Unions who have been trying to get in for years, this is not about the employees. I see no evidence that Walmart has less pay/benefits than a comparable job at any other store. Also the other big box stores are not unionized either, but Walmart is the biggest so they go after them.
"You don't understand any of the issues involved, and you look like an idiot commenting on them.  Congress controls the Fed's mandate. They could change it from ""price stability"" to ""hyperinflation is a good idea"" and they'd be printing the next day.  There are many good reasons why they don't do that."
&gt; Arguably, the dollar today is essentially backed by oil i.e. as economists say the 'petrodollar'.  This isn't really true. The exchange rate between USD and a barrel of oil floats with the market whereas it was fixed with gold.  Also by the nature of the way oil is consumed it doesn't make sense to think of it this way - gold retains state when used whereas oil is burnt up never to be seen again.
"it's a joke brah. And even if it wasn't your comment isn't a very effective argument against it. You stated your opinion, and cited ""books"". What books? What do the books argue? How to they defend their arguments? Why is Internet discourse so obnoxious?"
The original poster's concern is valid.  Sometimes, market orders do get executed at seemingly ridiculous prices. In addition to Victor's reasons for using a market order, sometimes a seller does not care how low the price is.  For example, after a company goes broke, its stock continues to trade for a while.  This allows shareholders to realize their losses for tax purposes, and allows short-sellers to close out their positions.  A shareholder who is trying to realize a 10 dollar per share loss for tax purposes probably does not care whether he gets 10 cents per share or 0.001 cents per share, so a sell-at-market order makes sense.
"What this means is this: The authors of the website claim they have calculated the cost that it will take to ""fully fund the Medicare, Medicare Prescription Drug Program, Social Security, Military and civil servant pensions."" They claim that the government will have to spend $114T to do the things it is currently promising to do, and it hasn't set aside the money to do it. That's what is meant by an 'unfunded mandate'. Firstly I would take with a grain of salt the calculations of any website which claims the US is a kleptocracy in its title. You know they are coming to this with an agenda. Secondly this is money that the government has not actually spent. The government doesn't owe this money to anyone, and it is absolutely untrue that ""you are responsible along with everyone else to pay this back"". The worst they can claim is that the government will, one day, have to spend it - assuming that nothing else changes in that time. A government could pass a law that reduced Medicare, or raised taxes, and the 'unfunded mandate' would simply go away. Thirdly the calculation must assume a time period over which the money is spent. But the site carefully doesn't specify it. They can make the amount bigger or smaller as they choose, just by changing the time period over which it is calculated. To give an example, an unfunded mandate is a bit like enrolling in a four year college course without knowing how you are going to pay for it. You've said you are going to spend money on tuition - you may even have promised your mother you will finish the course - but you can in fact drop out if you choose and you don't owe anything for courses you haven't taken yet.  Some unfunded mandates can be legal obligations, but this isn't one. And in neither case are they money you actually owe. That's not to say that unfunded mandates are not a cause for concern - they represent a discrepancy between what a government says it will do, and what it can currently afford to do. As an illustration of how this works, you can look at either Russia ten years ago or Greece right now. All the expenditures in these ares are being cut. People are certainly angry, but there is nothing they can do to force the government to make those payments."
I have to second what the poster said above me. The person at the dealership is outright lying to you, and I really don't know where the misconception comes from. I work in finance and specialize in credit. Credit is your ability to repay. Simple as that. To lenders, constant carrying a balance on your credit cards looks like your don't have the ability/discipline to repay your debt and will look bad in the future if you are ever trying to borrow more.
I've seen a lot of people with what seems to be important titles next to their names talk about a stock market/U.S. dollar collapse or bubble burst. Is there anyone with any insight to the potential of something like this happening?
The underlying investment is usually somewhat independent of your mortgage, since it encompasses a bundle of mortgages, and not only yours. It works similarly to a fund. When, you pay off the old mortgage while re-financing, the fund receives the outstanding debt in from of cash, which can be used to buy new mortgages.
Hey, to be a bit more personal, I'm in a similar situation (albeit houses near me are all like $300k for a shack).   Don't rush into a house that will make you miserable, either because it's crap, or because it'll cost you an arm and a leg and your firstborn.   It's perfectly fine to rent another year or two and build up your downpayment, credit history, and credit score.
Yes, take the new rate, but instead of using the new 30 year term, calculate the payment as though the new mortgage were at the remaining term. 3 years into a 30? You calculate the payment as if the new mortgage were 27 years.  This will tell you what you are really saving. Now, take that savings and divide into your closing costs if any. That will give you the break even. Will you be in the house that long?  If you can find a no closing cost deal, it's worth it for even 1/8% savings.
"If that's your goal.   Watch the entire webinar on warren buffet books by Preston Pysh first for a good intro into stocks bonds etc:  https://m.youtube.com/watch?list=PLECECA66C0CE68B1E&amp;v=KfDB9e_cO4k  Read Dale Carnegies book ""How to Win Friends and Influence People"" in order to learn how to communicate to people effectively and create networks. The most important skill in any field you choose to go into.   Read ""The Everything Store"" for essentially an MBA in business.   Read ""The Intelligent Investor"" by Benjamin graham for a bachelors in finance.   Then take classes that get you the very best professors in the field of finance, economics, and business at your school and make sure you never stop asking questions.  Continue to develop your skills and create good saving &amp; communication habits.   And if you want great jobs, get internships. To get internships be involved in as much as you can in campus and take leadership roles (especially when you think you can't handle it) you will grow quickly as a leader and businessman if you do it right.   If reading is a bit much for you, try audiobooks.   And make sure you enjoy college and surround yourself with ambitious youngsters like yourself. It will help you grow. Enjoy school and be social, make mistakes and do whatever it takes to get a minimum 3.5 GPA (get old tests study groups easy teachers or GPA boosting classes if you need to)   Aight that's all I got haha"
"Look lets be honest here. You want certain things and you want to force other people to provide them for you against thier will. If what you want is so awesome and good how come people don't voluntarily do it? I'll tell you why, Because they are already being robbed for an ever increasing amount of their pay and effort. The slavery portion of thier cheque is consantly increasing. Stop stealing from people and forcing them to do things against their will and they may surprise you and do things for themselves and their neighbours without being forced to.  Edit..Just because someone stole the money to pay for it for you does not make it free. The idea that anything is ""free"" is crazy leftwing bullshit."
Actually, what he wrote was: &gt; If American is to succeed in the years ahead, it must pay wages and benefits, and operate using work rules, which produce labor costs equivalent to or – while American gets itself back on track  –  lower than those of its major competitors. In the long run, no successful service company can offer compensation and working conditions that are materially different than those of its competitors.
Like I said in my comment below, it depends on price action and potential reward.  The guys who called the housing bust too early in ~2004 paid pennies on the dollar to hold those bets for years before finally getting paid a jackpot.  If those same guys were losing 20% a year, then I'd agree. Holding for 4 years is suicidal.   At this point I feel it's too early to tell. If 2020 rolls around and we never saw a muni collapse then I'll say her overall theory was still correct, but she failed to account for variables which could save the muni market.
"Investing in an existing company is almost like buying a house, or even becoming an ""Angel investor"" in a start-up. Before you start the process, decide how much you want to be involved in the day-to-day and which industries you would feel most comfortable in.  The latter is an important consideration since you would have to know sufficient about the industry in order to evaluate the quality of your prospective investment. Searching for a suitable business is a time-consuming process: The guidance for evaluating any company has been answered in another question, so I'll simply link. Most business owners are looking to their businesses to provide them a pension, so they often look to sell around retirement age.  Buying such a business is tricky - you may be assisting the next generation to finance the purchase which can have it's own struggles. Ideally you'll be looking for a young(ish) company with proven sales and which is looking to finance growth in an optimal way.  Such a company may have many options for raising capital so you'll be competing to invest. As to whether or not it's a good idea...  KFC only became a household name and global franchise after Pete Harman joined Harland Sanders as a partner.  Richard and Maurice McDonald may have founded McDonald's but it was Ray Kroc who made it a success. New partners bring in new ideas and fresh energy which the original entrepreneurs may have lost during the difficulties of starting out. But that goes back to my first query; just how much do you want to get involved?"
We offer best scooter ramps used to load scooters into vans, utility vehicles and in min vans. We are the leaders in designing, developing and manufacturing of scooter ramps. We have been manufacturing scooter ramps from several years and currently, we are offering different types of mobility scooter ramps. We have been known to deliver scooter ramps in time.
Seems like a good deal to me. You are paying less interest over the lifetime of the loan. And what I would do is take the difference between the new payments and the old, put it into a savings account each month, and when the savings account exceeds the balance of the loan pay it off.
Another factor not mentioned are the rent prices in the area you are looking to live. I'd recommend buying a house of which the total monthly costs (mortgage, insurance, repairs, etc) are equal to or less than renting a house in the same area. If you can't find a property for sale that meets this requirement, you might actually be better off keep on renting, at least for a while, because you risk paying too much for your living expenses. A second point is, if possible, to buy when the mortgage interest rates are low, and then go for a mortgage with fixed interest and fixed repayments. While such a mortgage will be more more expensive than one with variable interest, and house prices are higher when mortgage rates are lower, future inflation is almost a certainty. And if your interest rate was fixed, and you are confident that you'll be able to negotiate salary raises in pace with the inflation, then inflation will gradually whittle down the rate between the mortgage payment and your income. Conversely, if interest rates are historically high, with no lowering in sight, then a variable loan might be more interesting.  And do shop around for mortgages, there are many banks out there, the competition between them is heavy, and many banks, especially the smaller banks, will often be willing to give you a mortgage at better conditions than their competitors.
"The graphing tools within Yahoo offer a decent level of adjustment. You can easily choose start and end years, and 2 or more symbols to compare.  I caution you. From Jan 1980 through Dec 2011, the S&P would have grown $1 to $29.02, (See Moneychimp) but, the index went up from 107.94 to 1257.60, growing a dollar to only $11.65. The index, and therefore the charts, do not include dividends. So long term analysis will yield false results if this isn't accounted for.  EDIT  - From the type of question this is, I'd suggest you might be interested in a book titled ""Stock Market Logic."" If memory serves me, it offered up patterns like you suggest, seasonal, relations to Presidential cycle, etc. I don't judge these approaches, I just recall this book exists from seeing it about 20 years back."
"tl;dr:  Sears is failing because the CEO is running the company into the ground for personal profit.  There have been many, many articles written on the issue.  The CEO is having the stores sell their property, at a discount, to one of his other companies, then having the stores pay rent.  Except boutique stores actually pay more money than Sears does.  So whenever a store closes, his other company can rent the space out for almost double.  Oh, and he encouraged a corporate culture where the department heads use those screen protectors hospitals use to keep each other from spying on their laptops during meetings.  The way IT works, some departments actually contract out to a 3rd party rather than going through corporate, since it's cheaper.  Yes, departments individually have an IT budget, and are required to have their own ""Contract"" to use in house IT.  It's so bad that, many employees say they are explicitly barred from helping another department.  So, customers feel snubbed and end up balking because there's no one to help them, or to run the register.  That's the power of a bad CEO that the board refuses to fire."
My grace period is up in a few months, and I am not looking forward to it. I got the minimum federal aid possible for all 4 years, so I had to turn to private loans and whatever I could make over summers and what my parents could help me with. Ended up with $50k in debt, about 20k of it being with Sallie Mae. I can confirm they are bad on the collection side already. Just happened to miss a payment during school (paid off interest every month for the last 4 years), and they called me 3 times during class, sent an email, letter, and called my bilogical dad who cosigned for the loan. I can only imagine what they are like for people defaulting.   All comes down to it though, have a plan when borrowing money for school. I knew my parents would only be able to help me out a little bit, and  I got minimum federal aid (as in just loans) because my step father had assets that counted against me (and he told me I was on my own). So I had to figure out how to not be screwed from the beginning. I paid off my interest every month while working during school, and made sure to work hard to graduate with a good job. I can't imagine how some students feel when they graduate with nothing.
Well, Roku seems to be what is getting imbedded into TVs and even SlingTV offers a free Roku with a 2 month prepay. It seems they are doing a good job of getting it out there and getting eyes on their adds over an Amazon or Chromecast.
lol it's a dying job my man. But if you think about it, an algo is basically a formalized array of someone's personal judgement and trading patters connected to direct market access. I was just lucky to fill a junior role in a shop run by guys who have seen 30 year bonds they invested reach maturity. But yeah, theyre not gonna hire a freshie who doesn't know basic market mechanics, asset valuations, etc.   It's just harder now to get gigs like this because the industry has shrunk so much and the role of a trader has shifted much faster to automation than many expected.
Problem is that in California it's up to the lawyer to prove that the employee is lying. So if an employer is sloppy as was probably the case here the employees can say whatever the fuck they want to say and it's considered the truth until proven otherwise.  Just writing down all the hours you supposedly worked the night before reporting it to the labor board is sufficient.  Had an employee once that lied their ass off. Overwhelmingly proved they were lying. Still had to pay legal fees in the thousands of dollars (while they get everything free). And they can continue to do this as many times as they want for up to three years after their termination as long as each time it's a different complaint (in theory someone bored and persistent enough could bankrupt a small business this way with no and I mean no recourse whatsoever)   Fuck California.
Just like many other industries, entertainment is becoming a commodity of convenience which means that it also is getting far less profit margin. It won't die, but the money that keeps the big named companies in the black is slowly petering out. They are going to fight this tooth and nail just as past companies in other industries that have paved the same path have tried. Any sense of success on their part only makes their fall much harder down the road. We are moving into a world where entertainment is more plentiful and cheap, but the cost will be that we see fewer big budget offerings.
Why is it that we, as a society, are wishing, even dreaming that house prices can return to where they once were? It seems so obvious that we play in semi false statistics so we can believe what we simply want to. Who benefits the most from high real estate, is it the banks, home sellers, agents of the industry or perhaps home buyers? Who is more important to a flowing economy the home seller or buyer? Obviously both sides need each others value, so who wins, seems like the bank? Im starting to deeply see how our news and media is blindly dividing our generations while still ignoring the real truths. Depending which way your perspective leans, is it really baby boomers vs the millennials? Heres my sincere question whats good for ALL age groups?
"I have 2 PayPal accounts for this purpose (with different email addresses). The first account is tied to my real email address, and has my real name, phone and home address associated with it. This account is also connected to my bank account and credit cards. For riskier transactions where I don't need physical delivery (or will accept delivery to my local post-office in cases where I don't trust the seller with my personal details) I use my secondary account, which has a secondary email address of mine, and a fake name and with a fake address, it is not connected to any external accounts. To send or receive money ""anonymously"" I first send money from my real account to my fake account (inter-account transfers are free with PayPal), and then send the money to the seller from the fake account. This is in violation of PayPal's terms of service, but I've been using this system for the past 5+ years without any issues."
Just playing devil's avocado here, but if you can't stop smoking weed long enough to find a job then it's really your problem. Almost every job I've applied to has had a drug test, including office jobs. If you can't lay off the devil's lettuce for 2 goddamn weeks and maybe drink some fucking water then what do you expect?              This is coming from a chronic weed smoker.
Yep, worked in same kind of company. I have seen great people getting fired, when I could see them performing great with better guidance, or working in a different department. Instead they would put them on performance plan with unreachable targets. A guy I knew hit his targets while on perf plan, still the manager found some bullshit excuse to get rid of him. I ended leaving in the end as I saw it coming.
There may be more, but a good starting point would be the ecoENERGY Retrofit Grants and Incentives.  Natural Resources Canada's ecoENERGY Retrofit program provides financial support to implement energy-saving projects. There are different application processes for homes, commercial and institutional buildings and industrial facilities. Together we can reduce energy-related greenhouse gases and air pollution, leading to a cleaner environment for Canada. Also, there was a temporary home renovation tax credit about a year back, but that no longer exists and nothing has replaced it yet.
"It's anonymous/automated. They don't know who you are, just that customer x1a bought y. If your name isnt given to employees ""your"" privacy isnt being volated because the dont know its ""you.""  I imagine the government justifies their intrusions on our digital privacy the same way."
I think you're over complicating it! There is the market maker in the pure sense as what chilldontkill said - a bookie, a middleman. They are just the brokers in between the buyers and sellers, and they simply make profit off of the spread differential.  But market maker is also used to refer to large, high volume buyers and sellers that can influence the price because they control a larger % of volume. These only really exist on low volume products, and they slowly ween out the larger the volume. On higher volume products, I like to refer to them as institutions - that is, well informed, large pockets - whether is be central banks, clearing houses, hedge funds, boutique firms. These are the people who are generally in the know and they often bet against eachother.hope this helps ...
I didn't. If I did buy a product made by exploited labor, that doesn't make exploited labor any less bad. There's no reason we should continue to do something that we universally agree is bad. Let's, ya know, strive to exploit less.
I am in the same boat as you right now, I have about a year experience working for a financial advisor but even then it is not relevant enough for being an analyst.  I have put in over 120 apps over the past month and a half to any position that I meet 90% of requirements. The only thing I don't have is years of experience. I know how to code VBA, and how to build financial models but alas, I am looked over.  I have also been trying to network like crazy and just accepted to do a temp job working for a bank as a loan analyst and hopefully that will pan out into something better.  Many jobs want experiences with SAP and SQL, and I don't have either of those either, and there is no where to get experience because no junior analyst positions will take me without enough experience.  I turned down a banking internship because I did not want to take out loans for college, and now I am thinking I made the wrong choice. Hopefully some one will pick us up and catch us up to speed soon!  What area are you living in? I am in the Chicago area and I see new postings every day.  Also are you going to every job board? Career-builder, Monster, Indeed, LinkedIn, Craigslist? I have also hooked up with a few recruiting firms, they are the ones who got me the temp job. If you are in the Chicago area I will recommend a few for you to look into and a couple to stay away from.  Good luck on your search! I know you need it, because I need it too...
Hold onto that money, put it in savings. With such a change in the US government, who knows what will happen - and if things start to go sideways, having savings - so that you can continue paying your mortgage, and thus keep your house - is going to help you more than being able to throw more money at your mortgage principle. (Unless you can pay it off totally. Then do that.) I would build more of an emergency fund (2 years, just to be on the safe side), THEN see what other things are going on in your life, and what's going to be more advantageous for you. (That's a nice low interest rate. Not many other loans these days are going to have an interest rate that low.)
Inflation is an increase in the money supply.  Increases in consumer prices follow from inflation.  It's not the same as inflation. Some inflation is necessary for a growing economy.  If your gross national product is only $1,000, then you can get away with having less money than if your gross national product is $1 trillion. Inflation beyond this, though, is used to allow governments to live beyond their means.  If there is more money chasing the same amount of goods, prices will rise.  There is truth in what azcoastal says about this kind of inflation.  It's theft. Governments like inflation because it allows them to pay off their debts with cheaper money.
Ok but if there's no money and nobody willing to lend, how are those payments made?   It's fine and dandy to have the theoretical obligation and willingness, but I'm wondering what happens when there's simply no more capability to borrow more.  Edit: Funny you say that, I'm moving in!
"Uh, you want to lease a car through a dealer? That is the worst possible way to obtain a car. Dealers love leases because it allows them to sell a car for an unnegotiated price and to hide additional fees. It's the most profitable kind of sale for them. The best option would be to buy a used car off of Craigslist or eBay, then sell it again the same way when you leave. If you sell the car for what you paid, then you get the car for a year for free. If you are determined to go through with the expensive, risky and annoying plan of leasing a car, then you should use a leasing agent. I recommend reading some car buying guides before going out into the wilderness with the tigers and bears. Comment on Leasing Tricks Don't get tricked by the ""interest rate"" game. The whole interest thing is just a distraction to trick you into think you are getting some kind of reasonable deal. The leasing company makes most of their money from fees. For example, if you get into an accident it is a big payday for them. The average person thinks they will never get into an accident, but the reality is that most people get into an accident sooner or later. They also collect big penalties for ""maintenance failures"". Forget to change the oil? BOOM! money. Forget to comply with manufacture recall? BOOM! more money. Forget to do the annual service? BOOM! more money. Scratch the car? BOOM! more money. The original car mats are missing? BOOM! you just paid $400 for a set of mats that cost the leasing company $25 bucks. The leasing company is counting on the fact that 99% of people will not maintain the car correctly or will damage it in some way. They also usually have all kinds of other bogus fees, so-called ""walk-away fees"", ""disposition fees"", ""initiation fees"". Whatever they think they can get away with. The whole system is calculated to screw you."
Can I still use the old EIN from partnership times for the new sole proprietorship? Or should I apply for a new EIN? You cannot use the same EIN. Unless you have employees, you should use your SSN for the sole proprietorship. If you have employees - you should get a new EIN (if you don't have one already for yourself as a sole proprietor - you can only have one). Can I actually start to use my SSN in this situation for the sole proprietorship? In this particular case, not only you can - you should.
This link might help determining if American Express is willing to offer a card in the UK. I did it the other way around when moving from the UK to the US and getting a US card was pretty painless; I also didn't have to close the UK card, although I'm probably going to do that fairly soon. You will need a UK bank account so your employer can pay you; If it is a big enough employer their HR department might have deals with a local bank; a smaller employer might simply be able to refer you to their bank to help you open an account there. My first bank account in the UK after moving over there from Germany was with HSBC (then Midland Bank) - HSBC seems to be pretty open towards customers moving to the UK. Plus, they're pretty much everywhere. If you're planning to come back to the US and especially if you have any US-based ongoing expenses, I'd keep at least one bank account in the US open (but keep an eye on it).
Chinese culture is one of the ancient cultures of the word. Mandarin is the main language of this culture. If you want to know about china then you have knowledge about mandarin. To become the master of mandarin you need an excellent learning school. Sprachschule Nihao gives you the opportunity to become the master of mandarin.
It isn't that good for EU banks either, but ultimately, it will be easier for them. The splitting of entities will be a common problem and not just in banking. However there can be no joint organisations without a joint regulatory mechanism and the British government have rejected that.
Yes. It is a scam. The story makes no sense. They just want your info to steal your money. regarding requests to know how it works:  the scammer is requesting:  username, password, routing number, checking account number, and   security question/answers. they now have access to your bank account. they will have access until you are able to shut it down. Once they have your password, they can change it to whatever they want.  it can be used to launder money, steal money from other accounts you have, proof of identity...
Engagement rings shops are an incredible blessing to present to ladies on any event other than engagements and matrimonial services. Presenting a design ring, upon a friend or family member, a dear companion, your mom, sister is a magnificent thought.
https://www.socialyup.com/buy-facebook-poll-votes : If you want to get the instant success in the Business contest then get real Facebook poll votes from this site at the cost reliable price. This way you will get the maximum number of votes on your post that will help you to win this online Facebook contest.
of course! Currently I am running a digital media company based in Bangkok, we produce a wide array of content, some for web distribution some that is targeted for traditional distribution. I also have equity in a number of tech startups around Asia, everything from e-commerce to smart home to big data. I also recently exited a quantified self company I had built with several co-founders.
From Schwab With a Roth, withdrawals of contributions are always tax-free because   you've already paid income taxes on that money. So are withdrawals of   earnings of up to $10,000 under the homebuyer exemption, assuming   you've had the Roth for five-plus years. But if you withdraw more than   $10,000 in earnings, that money will be subject to both ordinary   income taxes and the 10 percent penalty.
That's the problem with IPOs. Professionals are very bad at valuing companies, particularly prospectively. That's Daniel Kahneman's whole point about how no one beats the market. Yet, we expect the same types of professionals who can't beat the market to set the price for the market.
"The problem with daily-rebalanced ""inverse"" or ""leveraged"" ETFs is that since they rebalance every day, you can lose money even if your guess as to the market's direction is correct. Quoting from FINRA'S guide as to why these are a bad idea: How can this apparent breakdown between longer term index returns and ETF returns happen? Here’s a hypothetical example: let’s say that on Day 1, an index starts with a value of 100 and a leveraged ETF that seeks to double the return of the index starts at $100. If the index drops by 10 points on Day 1, it has a 10 percent loss and a resulting value of 90. Assuming it achieved its stated objective, the leveraged ETF would therefore drop 20 percent on that day and have an ending value of $80. On Day 2, if the index rises 10 percent, the index value increases to 99. For the ETF, its value for Day 2 would rise by 20 percent, which means the ETF would have a value of $96. On both days, the leveraged ETF did exactly what it was supposed to do—it produced daily returns that were two times the daily index returns. But let’s look at the results over the 2 day period: the index lost 1 percent (it fell from 100 to 99) while the 2x leveraged ETF lost 4 percent (it fell from $100 to $96). That means that over the two day period, the ETF's negative returns were 4 times as much as the two-day return of the index instead of 2 times the return. That example is for ""just"" leveraging 2x in the same direction. Inverse funds have the same kind of issue. An example from Bogleheads Wiki page on these kinds of funds says that over 12/31/2007 to 12/31/2010, The funds do exactly what they say on any given day. But any losses get ""locked in"" each day. While normally a 50% loss needs a 100% gain to get back to a starting point, a fund like this needs more than a 100% gain to get back to its starting point. The result of these funds across multiple days doesn't match the index it's matching over those several days, and you won't make money over the long term. Do look at the further examples at the links I've referenced above, or do your own research into the performance of these funds during time periods both when the market is going up and going down. Also refer to these related and/or duplicate questions:"
Every guess you made is incorrect I'm living fairly well for a 25 year old with a kid on the way. Have my own house my own car 0 debt and work my ass off to keep it that way. I grew up in a poor family and know how to work hard for what I want and believe taxation to be theft and don't like the idea of theft. Also a housing bubble popping can and will ruin an economy ie 2008. Please do yourself and the world a favor and stop looking at everything from your statist liberal glass. Go take a look at switzerland and their economy and tell me how well they are doing with the 4th freest market in the world and more personal freedom than any other European country. No I don't think liberal policies are holding me back I think government holds me back, all of it. This country was founded on freedom and had the smallest government in world history that has now become the largest in world history. Lastly I don't know much about the Kansas situation but what I do know from the limited exposure to the situation is that these tax cuts were followed by spending increases (however minimal) every year. You can't cut revenue and increase spending and expect good things to happen because they dont.
"lol!  You've seen this army, have you?  I have.  The *Bureau* of Labor Statistics is in the DOL building, right off of the Mall.  It's a square city block, four stories tall, mostly full of bureaucrats who professionally avoid making decisions.  The Bureau of Labor Statistics is an office on the second floor with about twenty overworked people in it, who compile and massage reports that they require industry groups to submit at regular intervals.  Twenty people is hardly an army, and they do *absolutely zero* legwork of their own.  ""Correct for it"" my ass.    The more you learn about how the sausage is made, the less interested you are in buying any of it."
The bag's style should be something traditional so it won't go out of fashion. At our company website, you can get different designs bags at affordable price. Today clutch bag is very popular. If you want to get multilateral and durable clutch bag you can pick a leather bag. These bags pick one that is a big enough space to accommodate your important things yet small enough to fit and comfort in your hands.
"This article is so maddening. Near the end when they're talking about the ethics guy and retroactively recusing himself I just couldn't take it anymore.  In fairness, I don't really blame Icahn, or even Trump. In a way this stuff has been boiling up over the last 20 years as the country has adopted this Ayn Rand style of wealth sycophantism/worship. The bailout and Trump are just the epitome of it and his goals and ethics are exactly as advertised. When this is what your society values this is what we get.   I hope we vote in a democratic senate just so at least a tiny bit of justice will hit these self serving assholes. It's one thing for Icahn to do the ""greed is good"" thing but another to blatantly lie to everyone (including himself) that he is being anything other than greedy. Helping minority owned refineries? Good lord."
Many big companies self insure. They pay the insurance company to manage the claims, and to have access to their network of doctors, hospitals, specialists, and pharmacies; but cover the costs on a shared basis with the employees. Medium sized companies use one of the standard group policies. Small companies either have expensive policies because they are a small group, or they have to join with other small companies through an association to create a larger group. The bigger the group the less impact each individual person has on the group cost. The insurance companies reprice their policies each year based on the expected demographics of the groups, the negotiated rates with the network of providers, the required level of coverage, and the actual usage of the group from the previo year.. If the insurance company does a poor job of estimating the performance of the group, it hits their profits; which will cause them to raise their rates the next year which can impact the number of companies that use them. Some provisions of the new health care laws in the US govern portability of insurance regarding preexisting conditions, minimum coverage levels, and the elimination of many lifetime cap. Prior to these changes the switching of employers while very sick could have a devastating impact on the finances of the family. The lifetime cap could make it hard to cover the person if they had very expensive illnesses.  If the illness doesn't impact your ability to work, there is no need to discuss it during the interview process. It won't need to be discussed except while coordinating care during the transition. There is one big issue though. If the old company uses Aetna, and the new company doesn't then you might have to switch doctors, or hospitals; or go out-of-network at a potentially even bigger cost to you.
If you have self control and a good handle on your finances, which it sounds like - I suggest the following: Note: #3 is important - if you're not able to pay it off each month don't do this because it will cost you a lot in interest. Make sure to check how interest is calculated in case you don't pay it off in full or miss the due date for a month. If you can do this you'll earn some good benefits from the card using money that you're going to spend anyway, as well as build your credit profile. Regarding annual fees -
Yea, I answer this question phrased differently like 2-5 times per week on here or in financial careers. I don't mind it and none of the people asking know any better, but it might be easier to have some generic answer for the internship advice.
"My parents and I were suckered into buying this kind of thing when I was in high school. The sales people literally told us that it could be used to pay off student loans - they left out the ""in the event of your death"" part. We knew it was a life insurance policy, but were told that it would ""mature"" 6 months after graduation from college, and that it would then be disbursed to pay off loans, even if I didn't die. That seemed strange to us, so we explicitly asked several different ways whether it would pay off the loans after graduation, even if I lived, and they just straight up told us, ""Yes."" I'm guessing this ploy is still being used. Also, last I checked, student loans are non-transferable in the unfortunate event that your child dies - which means the loan is forgiven anyway - so this whole thing seems like garbage to me, at least in the student loan sense. I would steer clear from this stuff - it's pure snake oil in my experience."
If you have a mortgage backed by FHA, Fannie, or Freddie I would hold off.  There is talk of a new plan that would allow refi's on mortages that were underwater.  I would expect rates to stay about the same for the forseeable future.  Take that money you would spend each month on the personal loan and stick it into your mortgage payment to bring down your debt on it.  Your home may be underwater on paper but once the economy comes back, or hyperinflation sets in (one of the 2 will happen) you will have equity in your home again soon after.
&gt; The biggest value driver we identified were staff costs. If Amazon implements their Amazon Go technology in Whole Foods' stores(which I assume is their current plan) they would be able to cut a large chunk of staff costs reducing COGS significantly.  Oh good.
&gt;u telling me there were that much savings and reserve in the system?  Yes. You're telling me there wasn't? The loans were bundled and *sold to investors* to get more capital to loan. It was not magically created as you seem to think.  [There were about $4trillion saved in the US at the time](http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/WSAVNS). The mortgages were sold all over the world, where there is easily more trillions of savings and reserve.   You still have not addressed M2 being around 10x M1. You keep floundering but not addressing anything of substance.
"Be careful that pride is not getting in the way of making a good decision.  As it stands now what difference does it make to have 200K worth of debt and a 200K house or 225K of debt and a 250K house?  Sure you would have a 25K higher net worth, but is that really important?  Some may even argue that such an increase is not real as equity in primary residence might not be a good indication of wealth. While there is nothing wrong with sitting down with a banker, most are likely to see your scheme as dubious.  Home improvements rarely have a 100% ROI and almost never have a 200% ROI, I'd say you'd be pretty lucky to get a 65% ROI. That is not to say they will deny you.  The banks are in the business of lending money, and have the goal of taking as much of your hard earned paycheck as possible.  They are always looking to ""sheer the sheep"". Why not take a more systematic approach to improving your home?  Save up and pay cash as these don't seem to cause significant discomfort.  With that size budget and some elbow grease you can probably get these all done in three years. So in three years you'll have about 192K in debt and a home worth 250K or more."
"Most people can't see trends and trajectories. Who knows why, but only few can and they write articles like this and we laugh at them. Or they come up with slogans like ""This changes everything"" and again, we laugh at them. You can see ""This changes everything. Again."" used and abused all over the internet every day.  But let's take a look at this particular meme. When iPhone came out just five years ago, Apple was making computers for 5% of the world market and was totally irrelevant for 95% of the market, Microsoft was making an OS for other companies' hardware and Google was just a search engine. Motorola, Nokia and RIM were the biggest phone manufactures.  Well, damn! Five years later - everything has changed - like it or not.  EDIT: se -&gt; see"
There usually would be a SEC investigation if this kind of behavior is noticed. One thing that bothers me about this article is that, in the midst of all the fear mongering, the author doesn't mention that quote stuffing is designed to screw over *other HFT algorithms* and doesn't have any real impact on investors. Firms doing HFT frequently report this stuff to the SEC; for all we know, Goldman already did.
Seconding @petebelford's comment: if you are looking to save money, considerr taking the middleman out of the equation and buying directly from a car's previous owner. Even after paying a mechanic to inspect it for you, this is likely to be cheaper.
Of course it's more difficult to grow profits now after they've been having record profits. It's hard to beat the record. Their strategies have been cut salaries in exchange for lowering costs and making higher profits. But when EVERY company cuts salaries, who is left with enough disposable income to buy the products?
"Yes, this is possible with some companies. When you buy shares of stock through a stock broker, the shares are kept in ""street name.""  That means that the shares are registered to the broker, not to you.  That makes it easy to sell the stock later.  The stock broker keeps track of who actually owns which shares.  The system works well, and there are legal protections in place to protect the investors' assets. You can request that your broker change the stock to your name and request a certificate from the company.  However, companies are no longer required to do this, and some won't.  Your broker will charge you a fee for this service. Alternatively, if you really only want one share for decoration, there are companies that specialize in selling shares of stock with certificates.  Two of them are giveashare.com and uniquestockgift.com, which offer one real share of stock with a stock certificate in certain popular companies.  (Note: I have no experience with either one.)  Some companies no longer issue new stock certificates; for those, these services sell you a replica stock certificate along with a real share of electronic stock.  (This is now the case for Disney and Apple.) With your stock certificate, you are an actual official stockholder, entitled to dividends and a vote at the shareholder meeting. If this is strictly an investment for you, consider the advantages of street name shares: As to your question on buying stock directly from a company and bypassing a broker altogether, see Can I buy stocks directly from a public company?"
What is your goal? I would, under most circumstances, not recommend the Masters. I did it because I studied engineering in undergrad but wanted to transition to finance right away. The reality is that a good undergrad will give you most of the tools you need for success in a junior finance role. The critical piece is networking with professionals and working in the markets to elevate your stance before graduation. I am not an advocate for a lot of investment in education as the payback is less than most alternatives (IB analyst training, CFA, internships, etc.)
"Each candlestick in a candlestick chart represents the open, close, high and low for a period of time. If you are looking at a daily chart it represents the open price, close price, high price and low price for that day. If you are looking at an hourly chart, then a single candlestick represents the open, close, high and low prices for an hour. If looking at a weekly chart, then a single candlestick will represent the opening price on Monday morning, the closing price on Friday afternoon, and the highest and lowest price for that week. The diagram below represents the two main types of candle sticks.  When the price closes higher than they open for the period of the candlestick it is called a bullish candle and the main body is usually represented in green. When the price closes lower than they open for the period of the candlestick it is called a bearish candle and the main body is usually represented in red. In a bullish candle with a large real body and small shadows or wicks, where prices open near the low of the period and close near the top of the period, it represents a very bullish period (especially if volume is high). An example of this situation could be when good news is released to the market and most market participants want to buy the shares driving prices higher during the period. An example of a bullish candle with a small real body and a large upper shadow or wick could be when market participants start buying early during the period, then some negative news comes out or prices reach a major resistance level, then prices drop from their highs but still close higher than the open. The large upper shadow represents some indecision in prices moving higher. In a bearish candle with a large real body and small shadows or wicks, where prices open near the high of the period and close near the low of the period, it represents a very bearish period (especially if volume is high). An example of this situation could be when bad news is released to the market and most market participants want to sell the shares driving prices lower during the period. An example of a bearish candle with a small real body and a large lower shadow or wick could be when market participants start selling early during the period, then some positive news comes out or prices reach a major support level, then prices move up from their lows but still close lower than the open. The large lower shadow represents some indecision in prices moving lower. These are just some examples of what can be derived from looking at candlestick charts. There are plenty more and too much to include in this answer.  Another type of candle is the Doji, represented in the diagram below.  The Doji Candle represents indecision in the market. Prices open then move up to the high of the period then start falling past the open before reversing again and closing either at the open or very close to the open. The market participants can't decide whether the price should move up or down, so prices end up closing very close to where they opened. A doji Candle close to a market high or low could represent a turning point in the short term trend and could mean that over the next period or two prices could reverse and go in the opposite direction. There are many more definitions for candlestick charts, and I would recommend an introductory book on candlestick charting, like one from the ""Dummies"" series. The main things to keep in mind as a beginner it that a strong bullish candle with small shadows and large real body could represent further price movement upwards, a strong bearish candle with small shadows and large real body could represent further movement downwards, and any candle with large shadows could represent indecision and a reversal from the direction of the large shadow."
Via PM:  &gt;FYI, I wasn't trolling. If you're going to be running your mouth about an involved, complex, controversial topic, I'd like you to be informed about it. You're obviously not, which isn't a bad thing -- why would you be? If you ever have any questions about electronic trading, I'll be happy to help.  Look, chief. You're clearly butthurt that this marginally legal gravy train of free money will likely come to an end soon. But patronizing me isn't going to take that butthurt away. Feel free to have the last word, but please stay out of my PM inbox. Take care.
"I can say from personal experience that, as an employee, I would prefer a system like this for determining pay scale. I had a situation happen to me that was similar to the Yak driver analogy in the article: I had been at a software company for a little while, and they were always hiring with a chronic shortage of talent. Finally they hired some new guys, but still had open positions. One of the new guys who came on was making a full $15k more in salary than me, for doing the exact same job-- and no, he wasn't a lead, Sr., or anything like that. No matter how I tried to not let this get to me, it was hard not to let it affect my morale, and I finally ended up leaving the company.   So yeah, I'm sure guys like Ntang would say it's my fault for not negotiating a better salary, but since that's impossible (due to the bureaucracy) in most jobs, the fact is that the best way to ""negotiate a better salary"" is usually to just look elsewhere."
As someone who works in the industry, it's because they all are on the same side of the trade doing the same thing investing based off the same data and when that data is wrong getting caught on the wrong side for a 10 to 15% move at which point they all bail together.  Lemming mentality.  It's the simplest way to understand why they are doing so bad.
In general  What does this mean? Assume 10 holidays and 2 weeks of vacation. So you will report to the office for 240 days (48 weeks * 5 days a week).  If you are a w2 they will pay you for 260 days (52 weeks * 5 days a week). At $48 per hour you will be paid: 260*8*48 or $99,840. As a 1099 you will be paid 240*8*50 or 96,000. But you still have to cover insurance, the extra part of social security, and your retirement through an IRA. A rule of thumb I have seen with government contracting is that If the employee thinks that they make X,000 per year the company has to bill X/hour to pay for wages, benefits, overhead and profit. If the employee thinks they make x/hour the company has to bill at 2X/hour. When does a small spread make sense: The insurance is covered by another source, your spouse; or government/military retirement program.  Still $2 per hour won't cover the 6.2%  for social security. Let alone the other benefits. The IRS has a checklist to make sure that a 1099 is really a 1099, not just a way for the employer to shift the costs onto the individual.
The general advice seems to be to sell online. But my issue here is that, a large amount of stock would likely come from Etsy creators - Why would a customer choose my online store to buy an item when they could buy the exact same item directly from the creator for £x cheaper?
From the IRS: You do not include in your gross income qualified distributions or distributions that are a return of your regular contributions from your Roth IRA(s). It's not just that the particular money you take from the IRA isn't taxable.  It's not counted as part of your income at all, so it won't have any effect on the taxation of other income.
And so when the dust settled, it turned out that the US forces killed and maimed more people than the Taliban.  So we created some more people with nothing to lose and now define themselves by their hatred of us.  Good job
Is this due to the delay?  Yes, but the delay is caused by your broker and its affiliates.  Trailing Stop Order is not exchange native, meaning that the broker is responsible for keeping track of whether the stop price has been reached, and the broker is responsible for sending the subsequent Market Order to the exchange.  For certain exchange, even Stop Order or Stop Limit Order is not exchange native.  Is it common to be so different? No, only in times of extreme volatility.
Tax Shield would be known as: A tax shield is a reduction in taxable income for an individual or   corporation achieved through claiming allowable deductions such as   mortgage interest, medical expenses, charitable donations,   amortization and depreciation. These deductions reduce a taxpayer's   taxable income for a given year or defer income taxes into future   years. Tax shields lower the overall amount of taxes owed by an   individual taxpayer or a business. I know of various real estate investors that will use depreciation as noted above to reduce their tax liability though others can use other deductions. Fortune has this on Buffett's taxes in 2015: Here’s the breakdown of Buffett’s income taxes for 2015, according to   the statement:
"According to an article on Bankrate.com from 2011, yes, it can hurt your credit: With individual liability accounts, the employee holds all responsibility for the charges, even if the company pays the issuer directly. Joint liability means the company and employee share the responsibility for payments, says Mahendra Gupta, author of the RPMG survey. In both cases, if the card isn't paid and the account becomes delinquent, it will pop up on the employee's credit report and dent his or her credit score, says Barry Paperno, consumer affairs manager at myFICO.com. It doesn't matter if the company was supposed to make the payment; the repercussions fall on the employee. ""It will impact your score no differently than if you were late on one of your own accounts,"" Paperno says. Usually, with corporate credit cards, the employee is liable along with the employer for charges on the card.  The intent is to provide the employee with an incentive not to misuse the card.  However, this can be a problem if your company is late in paying bills. In the distant past, I had a corporate credit card.  I was not supposed to have to pay the bill, but I did receive a bill in the mail every month.  And occasionally, the payment was late.  In my case, these late payments never showed up on my credit report.  I can't remember now whether or not this card was reported on my credit report at all.  And I remember being told when I got the card that I was jointly responsible for the card with the company. However, your experience may be different.  Do the on-time payments show up on your credit report?  If so, that may be an indication that a late payment might appear."
As an alternative to investing you'll find at least some banks eg. Rakuten that will give you preferential interest rates(still 0.1% though) just for opening a free brokering account. As this is still your individual savings account your money is as safe as it was before opening your account. I certainly wouldn't buy to hold any stock or fund that is linked to the Nikkei right now. Income stocks outside of the 225 may be safer, but you'd still need to buy enough of them that their individual results don't affect your bottom line.
That's effectively borrowing on margin from the government. You too can borrow on margin, just not from the government.  It is true that the government perverts the finance system through. I would imagine it would be very hard to play basketball too, if the ref didn't play basketball.
"&gt; Except you don't understand how things actually work. You only understand what's going on at your level and below you. You don't understand what's going on above you or how the system actually works as a whole. This stems from your economic ignorance  See what you just typed there? It means absolutely nothing because you haven't even attempted to refute anything I've said. Feel free to explain my ""economic ignorance"". Until then I guess you can just shut the fuck up."
Wow, why so defensive?  I'm a bit confused as to what you are arguing exactly. In the first part of your post it seems like you are saying ideas can't have intrinsic value, only physical things. I disagree.  Your second argument seems to be that Bitcoin isn't special. It's just one of many possible implementations of the blockchain idea. You do seem to believe that a blockchain can be valuable though, correct?
Beauty Locks Hair Salon is from one of the popular hair salons in South Florida that offers a wide range of quality hair extension services for every type of hair at the best price. Call us at (954) 884-0054 for more info! 20% off Blow dry at every Wednesday!
The companies specialize in offsite construction and offer everything from design to building the entire structure off site. One of the main benefits of offsite construction is that there will be no obstruction to your current workflow. All the construction work will be done offsite in the factory and you will not have to bear anything except the agreed cost
It's not projection.  I was born less than a serf.  I grew up between trailer parks and sleeping in cars.    The manner by which I climbed out provided me the skills that make me qualified for the situation described above.  The military and a decade of conflict does wonders.  Status quo remains?  I prosper.  Technology makes jobs obsolete?  I prosper even more.  Society collapses?  I'm nobility.
She was literally the person responsible for Google's home page. She built the entire PM org at Google. She had years of management experience. If you look at her resume she was an engineer for 2 years and a manager for 11 before moving to Yahoo.  The difference is, when you have all the right people and are already on the right path (Google), it's an incredibly different proposition than a company that's already declining with a bunch of people that have been at that company for 10+ years. There's a massive amount of institutional inertia.  Her vision for the company wasn't horrible, but her entire leadership style and handling of the company she was put in charge of was completely tone deaf. She also wasted a massive amount of money on pointless gambles that the company never capitalized on.
I didn't  say...  &gt;If a business cannot afford to provide its workers a livable wage, it is a failure as a business.   You did. I just wondered if you had any education or experience to back that up or of you're just spouting off on a subject you don't understand.   You've answered my question. Thanks.
Those government workers in Greece were just mooching off a corrupt system that was enabled by the blind pursuit of yield and the moral hazard of bailout expectations. They were way overpaid to do nothing but collect bribes and drink coffee all day. Good riddance. Greece is a poor agricultural country with some tourism and some shipping, and needs to go back to living within its means. Nobody is going to starve, and high unemployment was always the norm there until a few years ago - I lived there before the Euro, and they managed just fine despite high interest rates and inflation.   Japan has had lost decades because its banks, like those in the west now, are practicing extend and pretend, so there hasn't been a proper flush of the system. The PIIGS should just flat out default and get it over with, rather than slowly default while giving up sovereignty.   Even Germany would be better off if the PIIGS defaulted, since it is German taxpayers and savers who are going to pay for these bailouts. Let the banks fail, meaning let their equityholders and bondholders take losses - the depositors will be fine. The resulting lower asset prices will tempt risk capital back into the system, and life will go on. Bailouts just throw good money after bad and prop up corrupt banks and politicians.  EDIT: Let me clarify about depositors making out fine. The banks' equityholders and bondholders take losses before depositors, who are insured anyway. In most cases, in Europe as in the US, the write-downs are not large enough to eat through this cushion before threatening depositors. Creditors were rewarded with higher interest for lending to these irresponsible banks, so they should take the hit rather than get made whole at taxpayer and saver (inflation) expense.
Equity means having ownership, and I think that's a REALLY bad idea in the scenario that you described.  If you stay together, there's really no upside to either of you in this scheme.  If you break-up then you'll have a terrible mess, especially if the break-up goes badly.  If she's really building equity, you're going to be faced with several hard questions: If this went bad at the end, it might be worse than a divorce in some sense since at least in the divorce you have established law to sort out the issues.  You'll be on your own here without a formal contract. (Marriage being a special case of a contract for our purposes here.) If she wants to share costs (which seems perfectly fair) then agree to rent and a split on utilities.  If you really insist on going down the path that you described, I think that you'll need some sort of contract, which probably involves a lawyer.  Anything short of that could not be considered having equity at all and will be completely unenforceable in the event of a bad break-up. (There is some notion of a verbal contract, but that's very hard to prove and subject to misunderstanding and misremembering.) Aside from all of these potential problems in event of a break-up, you would probably also be violating the terms of your mortgage, if you have one. From the bank's perspective, you are selling the property that is the collateral for that loan, which you're almost surely not allowed to do.
"HSAs as they exist today allow a person to contribute tax deductible money (like a traditional IRA) to a savings account.  The funds in the savings account can be spent tax free for qualified expenses.  If the money is invested it also grows tax free.  This means a discount on your cash health expenses of the amount you would have paid in taxes, which given your relative's income isn't likely to be very much. As HSAs exist today they must be paired to a qualified High Deductible Health Plan (HDHP).  Many plans have a deductible that meets or exceeds the level set by the regulations but many plans waive the deductible for things like X-Rays; waiving the deductible causes most ""high deductible"" plans to not qualify for HSA accounts. There are other qualified HSA expenses like Long Term Care (LTC) insurance premiums that can also be spent tax and penalty free from HSA funds. At age 60 with low income an HSA serves little purpose because the tax savings is so marginal and an HDHP is required.  That does not however mean that the scope of HSA availability should not be expanded.  Just because this is not a silver bullet for everyone does not mean it is of no use to anyone."
They made 85 billion from this fiasco....16 is a somewhat fraction of it....  Like HSBC smuggling cocaine for the cartels, they made 15 billion, got a fine of 2. Tell me what other criminal activities net you a profit once you are caught red handed doing so?
Gah, I feel a little bad for commenting on this, but every time I refresh the page it's here, so: Republicans are *mislead by* or maybe *under the thrall of* a discredited economic ideology. It's all the rest of us who are victimized by it. We have to live with it even if we disagree with it. Republican voters are giving their tacit permission for it to continue. Even if they are damaged by the effects of it, they are the only ones who can put an end to the policy, and thus fat they've shown nothing but support for its continuation by placing it's biggest boosters (people like Trump, Bush, Cheney, Cantor and Ryan, the Tea Party wing of the party, etc) in positions of authority and power.
&gt; Guess what, making money hand over fist   who owns walmart? shareholders - people. your neighbors. who benefits from their lower prices - same.   &gt; There's this insane idea floating around Republican circles that the only way to really make it in business is to fuck everyone below you as hard and as fast as you can  im a libertarian.  but why can't people just get jobs elsewhere? and don't say because the economy is shit - the gov't caused that, not free markets. making a company efficient is good. it makes prices lower. it frees up people to do more valuable things. your arguments are the same as those who support trade barriers, tariffs, etc.
Answers to this your question break down along a few lines regarding opportunity costs of tying up a significant chunk of your salary and assets in one piece of property, as opposed to other things you'd like to do with your life.  The 30 year standard mortgage was invented in the 30's as part of FDR's new deal to make housing affordable to more people, while relieving the strain on the market of foreclosed homes from ~10 year interest only balloon mortgages (sound familiar?). The 30 year term tends to follow the career of the average American of that era, allowing them to pay the house off and live out the remainder of their lives there at a lower cost.  Houses are depreciating assets because they wear out over time. Their greatest investment value is a place to live. The appreciation on a home comes from the real estate it sits on and the community the property is located in. Value is determined by desirability of the house and community in their current state, and the supply of property in the area. This value can only be extracted when you sell the home. This partially answers your last question noting that you shouldn't buy a really expensive building for investment value. We've learned in recent years that there are no long term guarantees of property value either, because land and communities can decrease in value due to unemployment, over supply, crime, pollution, etc. Only buy as much home as you will need in the next decade or so, in a place that you will like living over that time period, and don't consider it much of an investment. I will tell you to get a fifteen year fixed rate mortgage since it's readily available at lower rates and has a significantly lower total purchase price than the standard 30 years. The monthly payment difference isn't that great, and anyone who looks at the monthly payment as opposed to the total costs, your priorities and the opportunity costs shouldn't be trusted for financial advice. I don't like debt. There are psychological benefits to being free from the bondage and drain of a long term mortgage on your finances.  The biggest argument for paying off your home quickly is freedom to pursue other desires with all of your salary and the assets you have available to you. Some financial advisers will tell you to keep your mortgage costs under 25% of your income, so that you can actually live off the money you make. I would also recommend paying at least enough into your 401k to get the company match and fully funding your Roth IRA. I'd also have an emergency fund to cover at least 6 months of expenses, including this mortgage in case you lose your job. A 15 or 20 year mortgage will give you breathing room to take care of these other priorities, and you can overpay on almost any mortgage to decrease the principal and finish in a shorter time period (make sure to get a mortgage that allows prepayment) . More financially savvy people may tell you to take the 30 year mortgage and invest the difference. Especially with mortgage rates around 4%, this is a very cheap way to increase your purchasing power and total assets. Most people lack the investment prowess and self discipline to make this plan pay off. There are even fewer guarantees regarding markets and investments than property. This also is a way of diversifying your total assets to protect against loss of value in your home. This approach has backfired for thousands of people who are underwater on their homes. This problem is often compounded by job loss forcing you to move, or increasing your commute, making your home less desirable for you. Some people will tell you to maintain the mortgage for the tax credit. This fails a basic math test since you only get about a quarter of the money (depending on your tax rate) that you are paying in interest back from the government. The rest of the money goes to bank at no gain to you. This approach is basically a taxpayer subsidized decrease of your 4% interest payment to a 3% interest payment (assuming you have ~ $5000 in other deductions), and only pays off if you can successfully invest the money at a rate somewhat greater than 3%.
**EDIT**: /u/cyancynic has provided evidence that /u/iceman1800 has posted some rather sketchy things on Reddit.   * [https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6fyn2z/comment/dim7la1?st=J3O25TUZ&amp;sh=7ae150b0](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6fyn2z/comment/dim7la1?st=J3O25TUZ&amp;sh=7ae150b0)  * [https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6fyn2z/comment/dim7m4f?st=J3O29BX3&amp;sh=78e50591](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6fyn2z/comment/dim7m4f?st=J3O29BX3&amp;sh=78e50591)   **ORIGINAL COMMENT**: Let's face it, there are plenty of ways a woman can talk to a man for free, or even get a drink or a meal out of it. If what you're selling and marketing is meaningful conversation, then why focus on your appearance? I accept than a woman is going to want the person they're conversing with the look nice, but what is it they're paying for?  Why do you think a woman would want to talk with you? Are those reasons good enough to justify paying your for it? Are you providing something that is unique, or that is better than what the woman can get for free elsewhere?  I think you need to figure these things out and have a way to convey them in words, then you'll have something to market.
"Let's say there's a product worth $10 in July and the inflation rate in August is 10%. Will it then cost $11 in August? Yes.  That's basically what inflation means. However.  The ""monthly"" inflation numbers you typically see are generally a year over year inflation rate on that month.  Meaning August 2017 inflation is 10% that means inflation was 10% since last July 2016, not since July 2017. At the micro consumer level, inflation is very very very vague.  Some sectors of the economy will inflate faster than the general inflation rate, others will be slower or even deflate.  Sometimes a price increase comes with a value increase so it's not really inflation.  And lastly, month over month inflation isn't something you will feel.  Inflation is measured on the whole economy, but actual prices move in steps.  A pear today might cost $1, and a pear in five years might cost $1.10.  That's 10% over 5 years or about 2% per year but the actual price change might have been as abrupt as yesterday a pear was $1 and now it's $1.10.  All of the prices of pears over all of the country won't be the same.   Inflation is a measure of everything in the economy roughly blended together to come up with a general value for the loss in purchasing power of a currency and is applicable over long periods.  A USD inflation rate of 3% does not mean the pear you spent $1 on today will necessarily cost $1.03 next year."
Yes. I doubt I'll see a penny of that money, but will now forever have to wait for the other shoe to stop, not only on my credit cards being stolen but also potentially my identity. There's no time limit to this, could be years later. It really sucks, you're lucky not to be involved.
"Do both. The Roth should be started ASAP so you can start on the 5 year maturity period. Even if you already have the Roth started, it doubles as an emergency fund, so putting money into it couldn't hurt. Student loan interest is tax deductible, so your ""real"" interest is probably around 4.7%. However, this is still a good reason to pay them off soon."
"You absolutely should consider expenses. Why do they matter when the ""sticker price"" already includes them?  Because you can be much more certain about what the expense ratio will be in the future than you can about what the fund performance will be in the future. The ""sticker price"" mixes generalized economic growth (i.e., gains you could have gotten from other funds) with gains specific to the fund, but the expense ratio is completely fund-specific.  In other words, when looking at the ""sticker price"" performance of a fund, it's difficult to determine how that performance will extend into the future.  But the expense ratio will definitely carry into the future.  It is rare for funds to drastically change their expense ratios, but common for funds to change their performance. Suppose you find a fund that has returned a net of 8% over some time period and has a 1% expense ratio, and another fund that has returned a net of 10% but has a 2% expense ratio.  So the first fund returned 9%-1% = 8% and the second returned 12%-2%=10%.  There are decent odds that, over some future time period, the first fund will return 10%-1%=9% while the second fund will return 10%-2%=8%.  In order for the second fund to be better than the first, it has to reliably outperform it by 1%; this is harder than it may sound.  Simply put, there is a lot of ""noise"" in the fund performance, but the expense ratio is ""all signal"". Of course, if you find a fund that will reliably return 20% after expenses of 3%, it would probably make sense to choose that over one that returns 10% after expenses of 1%.  But ""will reliably return"" is not the same as ""has returned over the past N years"", and the difference between the two phrases becomes greater and greater the smaller N is.  When you find a fund that seems to have performed staggeringly well over some time period, you should be cautious; there is a good chance that the future holds some regression to the mean, and the fund will not continue to be so stellar. You may want to take a look at this question which asked about Morningstar fund ratings, which are essentially a measure of past performance.  My answer references a study done by Morningstar comparing its own star ratings vs. fund expenses as a predictor of overall results.  I'll repeat here the take-home message: How often did it pay to heed expense ratios? Every time. How often did it pay to heed the star rating? Most of the time, with a few exceptions. How often did the star rating beat expenses as a predictor? Slightly less than half the time, taking into account funds that expired during the time period. In other words, Morningstar's own study showed that its own star ratings (that is, past fund performance) are not as good at predicting success as simply looking at the expense ratios of the funds."
Long time /r/economy subscriber and early Ethereum investor here.  I'm 100% biased (full disclosure) but I believe this tech has legs.  There are a lot of companies backing it, governments exploring it and developers building upon it.  It's currently at $365 with a $35bil market cap.  Look for 3 upgrades in the works:  1) Raiden - Should increase transaction capabilities to that of Visa 2) Sharding - Allows for lite clients and partial downloads of the nodes 3) Proof of Stake - No more video card farms wasting electricity.  Put your ethereum as stake to help the network reach consensus and earn a percentage return  I've you've got commodities in your portfolio, I would strongly suggest taking a look at Ethereum
The DTAA (Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement) Article 20 will apply to the Provident Fund money received while you were a resident in the US. Yes, you will add the Interest received on PF (Interest only for the year/s when you were a resident of US, and not when you were a Resident in India) in your 1040 and claim exemption under the treaty.  Do not add all of your PF contribution for last 10 years or 10 years of interest to 1040, as this was not contributed/earned when you were a US Resident. Consider, just the Interest Earned in the year when you become a Resident of US and then claim exemption under the treaty.
This depends on the nature of the income. Please consult a professional CPA for specific advise.
Every $1,000 you use to pay off a 26% interest rate card saves you $260 / year.  Every $1,000 you use to pay off a 23% interest rate card saves you $230 / year. Every $1,000 you put in a savings account earning ~0.5% interest earns you $5 / year. Having cash on hand is good in case of emergencies, but typically if your debt is on high interest credit cards, you should consider paying off as much of it as possible. In your case you may want to keep only some small amount (maybe $500, maybe $1000, maybe $100) in cash for emergencies. Paying off your high interest debt should be a top priority for you. You may want to look on this site for help with budgeting, also. Typically, being in debt to credit card companies is a sign of living beyond your means. It costs you a lot of money in the long run.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://apnews.com/046e3b91cd394690a685761c3da6f2ed/Existing-only-from-the-Nile,-Egypt-fears-disaster-from-a-dam) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Once the fill is completed, the flow would in theory return to its previous levels, but the fear in Egypt is that the damage from the fill years could be long-lasting or that Ethiopia could build more dams and hold Egypt hostage by continuing to reduce the flow.  &gt; Recently, Ethiopia accused Egypt of supporting rebels caught trying to sabotage the dam, and there are also accusations that Egypt is setting up a military base in Eritrea to carry out an attack - all claims denied by both Egypt and Eritrea.  &gt; Now Egypt is isolated, and Ethiopia is dragging its feet over cooperation - just as Egypt did in the past.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/73sc7n/the_only_reason_egypt_has_even_existed_from/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~220544 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Egypt**^#1 **water**^#2 **Ethiopia**^#3 **Nile**^#4 **Dam**^#5"
"&gt; They're simply saying that their private company service won't be the one to enable that money making.  The problem I have with this line of logic is that it's pretty much the anti-net neutrality argument. ""Why shouldn't private companies be able to determine which data to send/allow/prioritize over their services?"""
This shows the impact of the inquiries. It's from Credit Karma, and reflects my inquiries over the past two years. In my case, I refinanced 2 properties and the hit is after this fact, so my score at 766 is lower than when approved. You can go to Credit Karma and see how your score was impacted. If in fact the first inquiry did this, you have cause for action. In court, you get more attention by having sufficient specific data to support your claim, including your exact damages.
The smartphone craze has definitely spread like wildfire since the introduction of the iPhone back in 2007. Smartphones have become a necessity thanks to the multitude of applications that can be used even by children with almost no supervision needed.
I'm not saying it's great, but I have a 705... I think we'll get a second opinion to lower that rate. Also, logically, with a higher down payment, we should be able to reduce the amount we need to borrow. Is that how that would work? For example, if we scrounged up a $7,000 for a down payment and came down on the price say $3,000
According to AutoTrader, there are many different reasons, but here are three:  New cars have a better resale value and it's easier to predict its resale value in case you default on the loan and they repossess the car. Lenders that are through auto makers can use different incentives for getting you to buy a new car. Used car financing is usually through other banks. People with higher credit scores tend to buy new cars, and therefore can get a lower rate because of their higher credit score.
I just pulled up the app, did you click on Amazon Videos in the menu thing?  When I click on the tick I get a big green button to start playing episode 1.  No issue on my phone whatsoever.    The watchlist is useful if you want to watch it on a PC later.  Since I have one hooked up in my living room, that's actually kinda useful I guess.
As a Financial Engineer myself, I recommend this too. It allows you to pursue finance without dropping your technical skills. I still frequently program and resort to MATLAB at my current role at an investment bank. I started off as a computer engineer (hardware) and grabbed a CFA1 before getting a Quant Finance degree.  Programs to consider (not an exhaustive list):  * University of Michigan: Financial Engineering * Carnegie Mellon: Computational Finance * NYU: Mathematical Finance (I think) * U of Toronto: Mathematical Finance * Berkeley: Financial Engineering * Columbia: Financial Engineering  Some universities call it Quantitative Finance as well.  If I remember correctly, NYU and Berkely programs are very Math intensive and generally pretty tough to get into. Pretty much all your colleagues in these Quant Finance programs will be undergrad engineers with a small minority of hard sciences (like physics or math).
That's because the brands haven't been announced, even internally yet. Keep in mind that P&amp;G is a global company and many of the brands that will be cut from the portfolio are regional ones you've likely never heard of.  Additionally, many of the brands will likely be sold to other companies rather than just dropped altogether so you won't lose your favorite products.  Edit: [WSJ has made predictions of the brands that P&amp;G will drop from their portfolio.](http://graphicsweb.wsj.com/documents/doc-cloud-embedder/#1239394-brandlist20140801)
"Per your comment that your landlord is a large property management firm, I think your credit is definitely in jeopardy. Assuming that your name is on the lease, there's no distinction of ""fair share"", you're all responsible. So, if your roommates can't pay their share, you might have to pay it for them, break the lease (more money, depending on terms) and get out of there. Alternatively, you might be able to find new roommates who would be able to pay their share(s)."
"Invest in a high quality dividend paying group of stocks.  Look up ""stock  aristocrats"" to find longterm quality stocks that have regularly increased their dividends for over 20'years. 10'years is a safe period of time to invest in stocks.  If you had bought stocks at their hight in 2007 and kept them through the 40% decline thru 2008 and 2009 and held on to them for 10 years until 2017, you would have earned a 40 % increase from when you purchased them.  That is pretty much a worst case scenerio.  If you had invested in dividend paying stocks and had earned an additional 2.5% per year, you would have exceeded your 5% goal. The lifetime yearly return of the stock market is 10%.  Time is the only downside, but with ten years, you are almost certainly immune."
Check with stock brokers. Some of them will offer ILS->USD conversion at a very beneficial rate (very close to the official), without any commission, and flat-priced wire transfers. For large amounts this is perfect. I know for a fact that Gaon Trade used to do that ($15 for a wire transfer of any amount), but they are now defunct... Check with Meitav (their successor) and others if they still do these things. If you're talking about relatively small amounts (up to several thousands $$$) - you may be better off withdrawing cash or using your credit card in the US. For mid range (up to $50K give or take, depending on your shopping and bargaining skills) banks may be cheaper. A quick note about what jamesqf has mentioned in his answer... You probably don't want to tell your banker that you're moving to the US. Some people reported banks freezing their accounts and demanding US tax info to unfreeze, something that you're not required to provide according to the Israeli law. So just don't tell them. In the US you'll need to report your Israeli bank/trading/pension/educational/savings/insurance accounts on FBAR and FATCA forms when you're doing your taxes.
This is the short story: [Republic, Lost (my favorite version)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxCo2bE9Gtk)  [The Coming Collapse of the Middle Class](www.youtube.com/watch?v=akVL7QY0S8A)  [Psywar](http://www.openfilm.com/videos/psywar)  [Advertising &amp; the Perfect Storm - Sut Jhally](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNy9s5qR4i0)  [Lifting the Veil: Obama and the Failure of Capitalist Democracy](http://vimeo.com/20355767)   Not to mention:  [Stephen Bezruchka - Is America Driving You Crazy?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5oJPRuFDIk)  [James Hansen: Why I must speak out about climate change](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWInyaMWBY8)  [The 11th Hour](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFLppW_JEmk)
There is not a permanent deficit. The budget was balanced when Reagan took office. He ran up a massive deficit. Clinton balanced the deficit he inherited. W then ran up a deficit again.  Obama inherited a trillion dollar deficit and reduced it to 400 billion. Now it is going to go up again. I am seeing a pattern here.
She needs to get a bank account at literally any other bank or credit union. I have not paid for a checking account ever, any bank that tries to is ripping you off. Personally I've used ING Direct/Capital One 360 for years without any problems.
The FDA exists to check on the meat industry, if some gumshoe journalists claim there's something wrong with the way meat is procured, doesn't this implicate the FDA?  I felt like this story came out of nowhere, possibly politically charged, and completely unfounded - especially if they're not also going after the FDA. The FDA should really protect these companies to a degree, you can't slam a company for complying with regulations!  I really do hope this blows up in ABC's face. Going after the FDA would have been considered a much riskier move with far less attractive ($$$) headlines.
First thing to know about investing is that you make money by taking risks. That means the possibility of losing money as well as making it.  There are low risk investments that pretty much always pay out but they don't earn much. Making $200 a month on $10,000 is about 26% per year.  That's vastly more than you are going to earn on low risk assets. If you want that kind of return, you can invest in a diversified portfolio of equities through an equity index fund.  Some years you may make 26% or more.  Other years you may make nothing or lose that much or more.  On average you may earn maybe 7%-10% hopefully. Overall, investing is a game of making money over long horizons.  It's very useful for putting away your $10k now and having hopefully more than that when it comes time to buy a house or retire or something some years into the future.  You have to accept that you might also end up with less than $10K in the end, but you are more likely to make money than to use it. What you describe doesn't seem like a possible situation.  In developed markets, you can't reliably expect anything close to the return you desire from assets that are unlikely to lose you money.  It might be time to re-evaluate your financial goals.  Do you want spending money now, or do you want to invest for use down the road?
The ultra cynic in me says that companies get rid potential outrage through stupid bullshit like this, and bring in their real plans that will ultimately be ignored due to the lacking ability for Americans to have any sustained political opposition.
&gt;Tie cost: $1.10, Retail price: $59.95, Margin: 98.2% &gt;Wallet cost: $6.49 , Retail price: $49.99, Margin: 87.1% &gt;Suits: $30 for jacket and $15 for pants, Retail price: $259.99 for jacket and $799 for full suit, Margin: 88.5% for jacket and 94% for suit  Bloody hell, who bought this junk? You can tell from the photo that the quality is pretty bad. I suppose it's only novelty but those are costly novelty prices.
"Salut, c'est Vincent. La suite de l'histoire incroyable qui m'arrive. Suffisamment pour que je t'en fasse une vidéo de plus ! En fait c'est la troisième vidéo pour expliquer l'évolution de ce que je croyais être quelque chose de ""récréatif"", et qui s'avère être un véritable Business avec un B majuscule ! L'effet cumulé est incroyable... Cette vidéo c'est pour t'informer... et tu voudras en savoir plus... c'est certain. Alors contacte-moi via vincentmusschoot@gmail.com ou en commentant cette vidéo. C'est une réelle opportunité, internationale, ouverte à toutes nationalités, et pour tout le monde sans aucune exception... Bienvenue dans mon équipe ! http://vincentmusschoot.com"
"APR stands for ""annual percentage rate."" This means when you see a loan with a 6% rate, it is 6% per year.  On a $100,000 mortgage, where you aren't paying much of the principal down at first, a 6% rate would have you paying nearly $6,000 in interest in the first year alone."
This is automation, a goal that businesses are going to head for no matter how much people moan about it.  As long as we have an economy that demands profits, as soon as it becomes viable to use a machine over a human, **it will happen**.    It's not a new trend, either.  Machines replace humans all the time.  It's been happening since the industrial revolution.  This is just the latest iteration in a long-running cycle.  The correct response to automation replacing human labor is not to fight automation (though it happens every time, and always loses in the end), but rather to embrace the new technology, and ensure the displaced workers have other jobs, or, failing that, the ability to retrain or train for higher-paying jobs.  This is an argument for a better, more comprehensive welfare system, more funding for public education, maybe even something as horrific as a basic income system that ensures not only are our most vulnerable able to survive, but those that want are given the opportunity to thrive instead of forcing them to work a low-wage job for eternity.
What are your goals? Managing your finances is not the same for everyone. For example, do you want a more hands-off approach to finance or more hands-on? Are you looking at investments as well or just saving money? Those types of questions.
"What does it mean that the bank will ""hold you responsible""? Clearly   the money won't be credited. Will you be charged a fee like an NSF   cheque? Will they try to prosecute you? Is there any way to confirm whether a cashiers cheque is forged? Could you for example tell your bank that you were uncertain of the origin, and ask them to confirm it? Can you call the issuer and verify (from the serial number) that they did in fact issue a cheque for that amount with you as the payee? Even calling the bank might not help. The first verification is that the bank exists, and that the account number and name match and that they did issue a check. But that doesn't cover the situation where the person that sent you the check wasn't who they claimed to be. That is the theft that could take weeks to find."
"Your bank Lloyds sent the Australian bank $500 AUD, having converted $317.90 GBP at a rate of 1.5728 AUD per GBP which was slightly less than the published rate which normally applies to transfers measured in hundred thousands if not  millions of pounds.  Using the published rate amounts to an unstated fee of 11 AUD which you are not complaining about.  You also paid a fee to Lloyds of 20 GBP which you disclosed after I had posted this answer. The Australian bank refused to accept the payment because the account to which the money had to be deposited was closed.  Perhaps, instead of just sending back $500 AUD, it converted the amount to GBP (less its fee of what I suspect is $60 AUD) and sent it back.  Notice that the bank rate of 1.592 AUD per GBP says that 276.58 GBP is what you get from a tad over  $440 AUD, and so perhaps St George's charged you a $60 AUD fee for the conversion while converting the rest ($440 AUD) to GBP. Or maybe Lloyds  got $500 AUD from St Georges and charged you a $60 AUD fee for converting it to GBP. Regardless of who did the  conversion, it is also possible that the rate you got (not  quite as good as the published rate) corresponds to $450 AUD converting to 276.58 GBP and a $50 AUD fee for the conversion.   You said I was told by Lloyds TSB that St. Georges wouldn't levy any charges, as they would be paid a separate ""agent's fee"". This might have been told to you as ""St. Georges will not be levying any charges if you send $500 AUD for deposit to the account in Australia and your payee will get exactly $500 AUD if you pay us 317.90 GBP plus 20 GBP as our conversion fee today. If you want to send GBP instead, we cannot tell you how much to send  because St. George's will levy a charge for conversion to AUD, and the conversion will be at the rate then prevailing. So your payee may receive more or less than $500 AUD."" Perhaps, wanting to send exactly $500 AUD, you chose to pay Lloyds TSB and send AUD. But, since the account was closed, the money came back, and so you ended up paying yet another conversion fee. The questions are, who charged the second fee? As Muro said in a comment, it should be listed somewhere on the itemized statement. and is it a reasonable charge? I think $50 or $60 AUD is excessive but, then, I am not a bank, and maybe that is what their standard (minimum) charge is. As I said in my comment, the charge is usually a percentage of the amount transferred subject to a minimum levy that the bank sets."
"1. Actually, using the word ""actually"" to begin a sentence just to sound pretentious does NOT get your point across any clearer.  2. I know it would be cheaper and better for the environment. What I'm saying is we already do have enough food an resources to feed the entire world, but we just don't do it."
Imagine a situation where the fire, ambulance, and police resources are compromised because the communication network has gone off line due to a lightning strike. A highly risky situation. Thus it has become very imperative for the wireless industry to consider lightning protection system, assessment, and solutions. Get more information here: https://www.adrive.com/public/6KW2dA/Lightning%20Protection.pdf
It is really hard to tell where you should withdraw money from. So instead, I'll give you some pointers to make it easier for you to make the decision for yourself, while keeping the answer useful to others as well. I have 3 401ks, ... and some has post tax, non Roth money Why keeping 3 401ks? You can roll them over into an IRA or the one 401k which is still active (I assume here you're not currently employed with 3 different employers). This will also help you avoiding fees for too low balances on your IRAs. However, for the 401k with after tax (not Roth) balance - read the next part carefully. Post tax amounts are your basis. Generally, it is not a good idea to keep post-tax amounts in 401k/IRA, you usually do post-tax contributions to convert them to Roth ASAP. Withdrawing from 401k with basis may become a mess since you'll have to account for the basis portion of each withdrawal. Especially if you pool it with IRAs, so that one - don't rollover, keep it separately to make that accounting easier. I also have several smaller IRAs and Roth IRAs, Keep in mind the RMD requirements. Roth IRAs don't have those, and are non-taxable income, so you would probably want to keep them as long as possible. This is relevant for 401k as well. Again, consolidating will help you with the fees. I'm concerned about having easily accessible cash for emergencies. I suggest keeping Roth amounts for this purpose as they're easily accessible and bear no taxable consequence. Other than emergencies don't touch them for as long as you can. I do have some other money in taxable investments For those, consider re-balancing to a more conservative style, but beware of the capital gains taxes if you have a lot of gains accumulated. You may want consider loss-harvesting (selling the positions in the red) to liquidate investments without adverse tax consequences while getting some of your cash back into the checking account. In any case, depending on your tax bracket, capital gains taxes are generally lower (down to 0%) than ordinary income taxes (which is what you pay for IRA/401k withdrawals), so you would probably want to start with these, after careful planning and taking the RMD and the Social Security (if you're getting any) into account.
"you don't really expect an admiral to sit and type emails do you?  it's got to be many times faster and VASTLY better use of his time to have drones do stupid digital ""labor"".  anything that is passed via email in a military command setting is junk mail"
"Yes there is, it is called a One-Cancels-the-Other Order (OCO). Investopedia defines a OCO order as: Definition of 'One-Cancels-the-Other Order - OCO' A pair of orders stipulating that if one order is executed, then the   other order is automatically canceled. A one-cancels-the-other order   (OCO) combines a stop order with a limit order on an automated trading   platform. When either the stop or limit level is reached and the order   executed, the other order will be automatically canceled. Seasoned   traders use OCO orders to mitigate risk. I use CMC Markets in Australia, and they allow free conditional and OCO orders either when initially placing a buy order or after already buying a stock. See the Place New Order box below:  Once you have selected a stock to buy, the number of shares you want to buy and at what price you can place up to 3 conditional orders. The first condition is a ""Place order if..."" conditional order. Here you can place a condition that your buy order will only be placed onto the market if that condition is met first.  Say the stock last traded at $9.80 and you only want to place your order the next day if the stock price moves above the current resistance at $10.00. So you would Place order if Price is at or above $10.00. So if the next day the price moves up to $10 or above your order will be placed onto the market. The next two conditional orders form part of the OCO Orders. The second condition is a ""Stop loss"" conditional order. Here you place the price you want to sell at if the price drops to or past your stop loss price. It will only be placed on to the market if your buy order gets traded. So if you wanted to place your stop loss at $9.00, you would type in 9.00 in the box after ""If at or below ?"" and select if you want a limit or market order. The third condition is a ""Take profit"" conditional order. This allows you to take profits if the stock reaches a certain price. Say you wanted to take profits at 30%, that is if the price reached $13.00. So you would type in 13.00 in the box after ""If at or above ?"" and again select if you want a limit or market order. Once you have bought the stock if the stop order gets triggered then the take profit order gets cancelled automatically. If on the other hand the take profit order gets triggered then the stop loss order gets cancelled automatically. These OCO conditional orders can be placed either at the time you enter your buy order or after you have already bought the stock, and they can be edited or deleted at any time. The broker you use may have a different process for entering conditional and OCO orders such as these."
&gt; Shitty food is priced cheap  Not really --- look at the snack aisle or the canned meat aisle.  These things often exceed the price of USDA premium cuts of meat.  Spam, for example, is about $9.99 lb.  Priced higher than bacon, and ribeye steak.   Brand name snack crackers are as expensive as chicken breasts.
Automated trains are all over the place. CBTC is the standard signalling system for any new installs and most metros are converting to it when their old equipment ages out.  That's the main component required for unattended train operation. Some agencies keep a driver in the train anyway for failures and other problems (most interruptions in North America are customer medical issues) and pausing service on a busy metro line can cost millions per hour.
"Lifecycle funds might be a suitable fit for you. Lifecycle funds (aka ""target date funds"") are a mutual fund that invests your money in other mutual funds based on how much time is left until you need the money-- they follow a ""glide-path"" of reducing stock holdings in favor of bonds over time to reduce volatility of your final return as you near retirement.  The ones I've looked at don't charge a fee of their own for this, but they do direct your portfolio to actively managed funds. That said, the ones I've seen have an ""acquired"" expense ratio of less than what you're proposing you'd pay a professional. FWIW, my current plan is to invest in a binary portfolio of cheap mutual funds that track S&P500 and AGG and rebalance regularly. This is easy enough that I don't see the point of adding in a 1 percent commission."
"Any answer for what to do in a taper will assume ceteris paribus because how markets initially react when they suspect a taper may immediately change depending on what data are released after the taper. For instance, I've seen Soros and a few other hedge fund managers hold shorts when expecting a taper because the theory is that the market may fall.  However, suppose the market falls 5%, but then positive employment numbers are released.  What then?  The same holds true for betting against Emerging Markets (EM), something I've seen Jesse Colombo and others suggest; the claim that Emerging Markets are in a bubble thanks to the U.S. Federal Reserve (the more money they release, the more the money goes overseas ...).  Again, this is possibly true, but if good data are released after the taper for these emerging markets, they could see growth and those with the shorts could get killed. TL;DR - when we ask about what happens after the taper, we have to remember we're assuming some things about everything else.   I do think that the ""safest play"" post taper is what Bill Gross mentioned about bonds (basically a bubble), as we should see interest rates rise and the Chinese seem to be reluctant to buy as much of U.S. bonds as they have in the past (though some, like Mish, assert the U.S. would welcome this).  The other play I like is the VIX (if you think the market will fall) or against (if you think the market will rise).  SVXY has been one of the best plays since 2011 (compare it to the SPY for the same time period)."
Last question first:  The amount borrowed will not transfer to your loved ones upon death.  Even if you were age 50, it is somewhat unlikely you will die in 30 years. First question:  Are you okay with having a student loan that long?  Keep in mind that making payments for that long will hinder your ability to build wealth, buy a home, and have disposable income. Presumably you are used to living like a college student.  If you continue to do so, and maybe take on another job (for the time you used to spend in school), you could be done with this much sooner.  2k/month is doable and retires this in 5 years, but I would shoot for a shorter time frame than that. Hopefully by purposely incurring that much debt you bought yourself a high paying career.
You're doing business in the US and derive income from the US, so I'd say that yes, you should file a non-resident tax return in the US. And in Connecticut, as well, since that's where you're conducting business (via your domestic LLC registered there). Since you paid more than $600 to your contractor, you're probably also supposed to send a 1099 to him on that account on behalf of your LLC (which is you, essentially, if you're the only member).
"For the person being hired this is a tricky situation. Specially with the new laws. There is no real magic number that can be applied as a lot will depend on what benefits you want, and what is actually available. This will really shift the spectrum quite a bit.  Under the affordibal care act, everyone has to have insurance or pay a ?fine? (were really not sure what to call this yet) but there are two provisions that really mess with the numbers you look at as an employee.  First, the cost of heath care has skyrocketed. So the same benefits that you had 5 years ago now cost maybe 10-15 times as much as they used to. This gets swept under the rug a bit because the ""main costs"" of insurance has only increased a tiny amount. What this actually comes down to is does your new ACA approved heath plan cover exactly the benefits you need, or does it cut corners.  Sorry this is complicated, and I don't mean it to come off as a speech against the ACA so I will give an example. My wife has RA, she really has it under control with the help of her RA doctor. This is not something she ever wants to change. Because she has had RA from the age of 15, and because it's degenerative, she doesn't want to spend 5 years working with a new doctor to get to the same place she is with her current doctor.  In addition, the main drugs she takes for RA are not covered under any ACA plan, nor are the ""substitutions"" that her doctor makes (we are trying to have kids so she has to be off the main meds, and a couple of the things this doctor has tried has been meds that reduce inflammation, are pregnancy safe, but are not for the treatment of RA) You now have to take into effect rather the cost of health insurance + the cost of the things now not covered by the heath insurance + the out of pocket expenses is worth the insurance.  Second the ACA has set up provisions to straight up trick those people that have lower income and are not paying close attention. When shopping for insurance, they get quotes like ""$50 a month"" or ""$100 a month"". The truth is that the remainder of the actual cost is deducted from their tax returns. This takes consideration, because if you thing your paying $50 a month for insurance but your really paying $650 then you need to make sure your doing your math right. Finally, you need to understand how messed up things are right now in the US with heath care. Largely this goes unreported. I'm not really sure why. But in order to do this I will have to give examples.  For my wife to see a specialist (her RA doctor) the co-pay is $75. So she goes to the doctor, he charges her $75 and bills the insurance $200. The insurance pays the doctor $50. With out insurance, the visit costs $50.  At first you want to blame the doctor for cheating the system, but the doctor has to pay for hours of labor to get the $50 back from the insurance company. From the doctors perspective it's cheaper to take the $50 then it is to charge the insurance company. And by charging the insurance company he has no control over the cost of the co pay. He essentially has to charge more to make the same money and the patient gets the shaft in the process. Another example, I got strep throat last year. I went to the walk in clinic, paid $75, saw the doctor got my Z-Pack for $15, went home crawled in bed and got better. My wife (who still had separate insurance from before the marriage) got strep throat (imagen that) went to the same clinic, they charged her $200 for the visit ($50 co-pay) and $250 for the z-pack ($3 co-pay). The insurance paid the clinic $90 for the visit and $3 for the drugs. Again the patient is left out in this scenario. In this case it worked better for my wife, unless you account for the fact that to get that coverage she had to pay $650/month.  My point is that when comparing costs of heathcare with insurance, and without out insurance, its often times much cheaper for the practices to have you self pay then it is for them to go through the loops of trying to insurance to make them whole. This creates two rates. Self pay rates and Insured rates. When your trying to figure out the cost of not having insurance then you need to use the self pay rates. These can be vastly different.  So as an employee you need to figure out your cost of heath care with insurance, and your cost of heath care without insurance. Then user those numbers when your trying to negotiate a salary. The problem is that there is no magic number to use for this because the cost will very a lot. For us, it was cheaper to not have insurance. Even with a pre-existing condition that takes constant attention, it's just better if we set aside $500 a month then it is to try to pay $750 a month. That might not hold true for everyone. For some people or conditions it may be better to pay the $750 then to try to handle it themselves.  So for my negotiations I would go with x+$6,000 without insurance or x+$4,500 with insurance.  Now as an employer it's a lot simpler. Usually you have a ""group plan"" that offers you a pretty straight $x per year per person or $y per year per family. So you can offer exactly that. Salary - $x or Salary - $y. AS a starting point. However this is where negotiations start.  If your offering me $50,500 and insurance, I would rather just have $57,000 and no insurance. Of course your real cost is only $55,000 cause you don't care about my heath care costs only about insurance costs. So you try to negotiate down towards $55,000 and no insurance. But that's not good enough for me. So I either go else where and you loose talent, or I accept $50,500 and insurance (or somewhere in between)."
I am American but live in Japan as a network and systems engineer.  I always drink the white one when in the US.  So many of them to pick from when I visit my family.   Not confident enough to invest based on this but for my own non-monetary selfish reasons I hope this suceeds well.
Equity can be diluted by future investors, royalties get paid on each sale, companies can continue selling things even when operating at negative profit, back royalties due can be negotiated and at least partially paid in a bankruptcy.  From the standpoint of the investor: If it doesn't look like the company will likely have commercial success with a second product, it may be wise to simply take a portion of the product that is actually selling rather than risk your capital on the company's future successes (or failures). From the standpoint of the business owner/entreprenuer, if you believe you have a second product close to the end of the development pipeline it would be wise not to give up equity in the entire enterprise simply to gain required financing to ramp up production and marketing on an existing product.  Paying a royalty may be advantageous compared to paying interest on a loan as well (royalty payments are contingent on the occurrence of a sale while interest is due regardless).
The incestuous relationship between America's richest one percent and their political lackeys and lobbyists is sickening American society, and yet the press pretends that everything will be just hunky-dory when housing starts pick up. The politicians manage to conduct political campaigns totally devoid of the real issue—the huge and growing gap between the rich few and the impoverished many. Meanwhile our police, who are supposed to protect us, harass citizens exercising their First Amendment rights to assemble and protest injustice. Wake up, Wall Street: you can't shove this under the rug.
&gt;The Austrians are certainly on some of the shakiest ground in my view. At least Keynes' work was rigorous. So was Marx's for that matter. That stands in stark contrasts to the Austrians and their ilk.  Care to elaborate? (I'm not familiar with the inner workings of Austrian economics nor why it's such a sharp contrast to Keynesian or Friedmanian economics. Other than its worship of the free market and hatred of government, of course.)
One will find that the fixed 30 year mortgage rate is tightly correlated to the 10 year treasury. An adder of 2-2.5% or so, changing slightly with the rest of the economy, as money can get tight or loose independent of the rate itself. In 2011 we are witnessing low rates yet tough loan standards, this is the phenomenon I am referencing.
A futures contract is based upon a particular delivery date.  In the case of a stock index futures contract is a cash settled futures contract based upon the stock index value at a particular point in time (i.e. this is when the final settlement is determined). In your example, the S&P 500 (SPX) is a price return index - that is, it is not affected by dividends and therefore dividends are not incorporated into the index value.  Dividends will affect the price of the constituent stocks (not necessarily by the same amount as the dividend) so they do have influence on the stock index value.  Since the dividends are known ahead of time (or at least can be estimated), this has already been factored into the futures price by the market. In terms of the impact of a dividend by AAPL, AAPL is approximaetely 3.6% of the index.  Apple pays out dividends 4 times a year (currently paying out $0.52 dividends).  Assuming the market is otherwise steady and AAPL drops by $0.52 due to the dividend and Apple is priced at around $105, this would result in a drop in the index of 0.0178% or around 0.35 points. Interesting fact:  There are some futures contracts that are based upon Total Return indexes, such as the German DAX and the above logic would need to be reversed.
Most of the organizations that financial advisors belong to have a function to find their members. The major ones are listed below: Advocis seems to be the largest organization, with CFPs (Certified Financial Planners) and some Insurance designations. The Advocis advisor search feature can be found here.  FPSC is another organization that has a search for CFPs. Many of the same CFPs are in the Advocis database, but some aren't. The FPSC advisor search feature can be found here. IAFP is an organization of Registered Financial Planners (RFP). The database is smaller but the designation comes with prestige and is meant to be a mark of quality. The IAFP advisor search feature can be found here. Finally, there is a site — full disclosure, I am affiliated with it — called wealthprep.ca that has a large listing of advisors in Canada. You can filter by profession, specialties, and compensation type and there are ratings and reviews. Here is the page specifically for Toronto Financial Advisors.
"yeah that makes sense.  I guess the essential problem somehow is that along the line we all bought into the story that profit seeking and ""creating shareholder value"" was the sole duty of a CEO.  It's like we seem to have reduced all of our interactions in life to financial transactions and somehow sucked the humanity out of things."
The key to becoming wealthy as a self-employed person is the drive to be successful. A driven person, who starts their own company (or companies, should they fail), will find success. Assuming that you define success as the accumulation of wealth, then yes, self-employment is correlated with wealth. But as matt mentions in the comments, there is no casual (in the statistical sense) relationship between self-employment and wealth. While I can't say for sure, I would argue that drive is more important that the employment situation.
Don’t go crazy with your salary and try to live similar to your college lifestyle for a while. Max out tax deferred investments and any matching your company offers. Put the rest of your savings in passively managed index funds not a savings account at your bank. Buy furniture over a few months and find deals. Try to keep your total auto expense under 10% of gross monthly income and you’re housing expense under 20% of gross monthly income. After a few months you’ll figure out your other monthly expenses and how much you feel comfortable saving. You can also let your credit card company know you have this income and they may raise your CC limit. A higher limit means your utilization rate will be lower which will help your credit as well.
There are two possible scenarios, relating to slightly different definitions of 'pension'. The most normal definition of 'pension' is that you are paid a defined amount each week or month by some company, or the government. If so, that is not part of the estate. You won't be able to take it as a lump sum (probably). It isn't affected by whatever your husband wrote in his will. If, on the other hand, you and your husband had a big sum of money, which you were drawing on to pay your expenses and still are, then the big sum of money would have been part of the estate. The right person to ask about this is the lawyer who dealt with your husband's will. None of this is any help in deciding what you should do with the pension.
There are a few categories like that (cookies, wine, cheese), but they usually only have 1-2 options when it comes to the basic stuff. They aren't going to have 30 brands of ketchup or an entire aisle of white bread.
"If AIG wasn't bailed out by the US Government, Warren Buffet would be the greatest **RICHES** to **RAGS** story ever.  I can see why he promotes paying more taxes and is so willing to ""betray"" his own ""class"" on behalf of the USGov.  It's because he's in the crony capitalist class post AIG bailout and tax dollars are the only reason he isn't greeting people at WalMart."
So unemployment is dropping in Florida, but you still complain about something in Florida and you know, for sure(!), that the drop in unemployment has nothing to do with Trump.  Go and write your own article about the situation, since you know so much.
"&gt; If you're a few decades older, your generation is mostly to blame for this reversal of fortunes in the US.  Absolutely.  I've personally worked pretty damn hard to do the right thing - I've never owned a car, I recycle, compost, blah blah, but when it comes down to it it was my contemporaries that did us in.  &gt; 1969 was the peak of American culture. &gt; Not since 1969 have more cars been sold in the US   Wait, how is ""selling more cars"" equivalent to the ""peak of culture""?  I fail to agree that American culture reached a peak 40 years ago.  Frankly, I think I'd be pretty bored if I were thrown back to 1969, even though it seemed pretty exciting at the time.  I do think the last ten years of culture have been a bit lame, I've been very surprised that we haven't had an outpouring of intense art and music in response to 9/11 and the impending collapse, I find I keep playing the Clash for want of any contemporary political music that moves me - but there's tons of great things out there.   (EDIT: A great example: I just saw [this movie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1440266/) a few days ago, and it simply blew my mind - it made me rethink choreography, and it also made me happy that Germany, a social Democracy, spends money on amazing things like this.)"
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-seattle-minimum-wage-20170626-story.html) reduced by 95%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The new study has found that jobs and work hours fell for Seattle&amp;#039;s lowest paid employees after the city raised the minimum wage to $13 last year.  &gt; Some economists see it as a possible sign that $15 minimum wage laws such as those passed in Seattle, New York and several California cities could hurt workers at the lowest end of the wage spectrum.  &gt; In Seattle restaurants the number of jobs and hours worked overall did not change much after the minimum wage rose to $13 an hour, a University of Washington study found.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6jvbvn/minimum_wage_hike_in_seattle_confirming/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~154110 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **wage**^#1 **Seattle**^#2 **work**^#3 **job**^#4 **minimum**^#5"
'Seems to me that a private business ought to have the right to do exactly this and more if they wish.  They do not owe anyone a job, nor is the applicant obligated to work there.  If they wish to make religious adherence, color, gender, sexuality, attractiveness, or whatever a condition of employment, they should be free to do so.  HOWEVER, if they do:  a) They should never be eligible for any tax funded business, such as govement contracts.  b) They should not be entitled to special state privileges such as incorporation.  Before any of you RedditLeft halfwits start bloviating about how very intolerant this is, let me point out that we are to be equal before *our goverment* not in our private lives.  No individual's freedoms are more valid or important than another's.  The rights of, say, a woman or person of color or gay person, cannot be more important than the rights of, say, a devoutly religious person that wants - as in this case- to fill their company with like minded people.  The right of association is fundamental in a free society.  Forcing one person to hire someone against their will is flatly immoral.  Let the whiny left begin their foolishness ...
A better boss will make the job less of a steaming pile of shit. Why do you think Americans tend to switch jobs every few years? Pay is nice, but having a job that doesn't make you want to roll over and go back to sleep every goddamned weekday is much, much better.
pay off one of the cards completely. there are several reasons why:
The Canadian government position is that 35 states and nine million American jobs depend on trade with Canada.    Wikipedia's position is that a little over 7 million jobs in the US are dependent on trade with Canada, and that all 50 states have jobs that are dependent on trade with Canada. That's from a 2007 report.
As your is a very specific case, please get an advice of CA. It should not cost you much and make it easier. The sale of agriculture land is taxable in certain conditions and exempt from tax in other cases. Sale of agricultural land is subject to capital gains tax. But there are certain exemptions under Section 54B, subject to conditions, which are as follows:    If deemed taxable, you can avail indexation, ie the price at which you grandfather got [the date when he inherited it as per indexation] and pay 10% on the difference. If the price is not known, you can take the govt prescribed rate.   As there is a large deposit in your fathers account, there can be tax queries and need to be answered. Technically there is no tax liable even if your grandfather gifts the money to your father. More details at http://www.telegraphindia.com/1130401/jsp/business/story_16733007.jsp and http://www.incometaxindia.gov.in/publications/4_compute_your_capital_gains/chapter2.asp
Well an empty fridge is a waste of 100% of the cooling.  If you are cooling nothing then all of the energy to cool it is wasted.  Air is not very conductive of Heat.  Its why double paned glass is more effiecent than single pane the air provides an isulation barrier.   So in a fridge you want to quickly bring the temperature of items placed inside down to a storage temperature. (Around 34F 1c)  Having a fridge full of already cold items will allow for a much quicker transfer of heat out of the item placed within.  And since the heat is dispersed out through a larger mass the amount of cooling required will be the same but because the mean temperature change over time is less the fridge will have to work harder for less time if the fridge is full.   But in the end the amount of energy required to cool a full freeser will be higher than an empty one as there is more heat to disapate.  But the cost of keeping it cold is spread out among many items.  So if you only have 1 orange per day in your fridge and it costs you 30 a month to run your fridge then your oranges have an additional 1 cost on them.  But if you use 20 things a day and it costs you 60 a month  it only costs you .1 extra per item.
This should be a comment but could you not get an account with the National Bank of Egypt which has branches in the UK?
I don't get why someone in his situation doesn't just hire a small team of financial planners, ask them to make the majority of their money as safe as possible, and then receive an allowance you can burn worry free every month. The amount of capital he's earned, his money could be working for him to generate all the disposable income one needs. I guess it still comes back to discipline and habits, if the allowance isn't giving him enough to buy a new fancy car every month he'll probably start to dip into his investments.  I think what is really going to kill Mayweather's fortunes, is his gambling habit. He sinks hundreds of thousands of dollars on bets routinely. Eventually that will catch up with him.
The CPA's mention of $2,500 is probably referring to the recently increased de minimis safe harbor under the final tangible property regulations (used to be $500) without an applicable financial statement. The IRS will not challenge your choice of expense or capitalization on amounts on or below $2500 if you elect the de minimis safe harbor election on your return. However, you must follow whatever you're doing for your books. (So if you are capitalizing your laptops for book purposes, you would also need to capitalize for tax purposes). Section 179 allows you to expense property that you would have otherwise have had to capitalize and depreciate. Section 179 can be annoying, especially if your LLC is treated as a passthrough, because there are recapture provisions when you dispose of the asset too early. For the tax return preparer, it makes the return preparation much more simple if there are no fixed assets to account for in the first place, which is quite possible if you are expensive all items/invoices less than $2,500.
At www.corpsquare.in we make company registration in India a hassle free and smooth process by endeavor of intelligent, strict and proven procedures and protocols so that it becomes very simple and easy go through process for our clients. Our team of highly dedicated professionals keep on striving on the procedures with continuous efforts. We believe we are part of your business and should make you take your first ever step of starting your business in best manner. So confidently hand over your Company formation process with us and get going on core business of your company.
Manage the fuel consumption price: check the pattern of fuel prices if you can for your area.  Some areas have weekly changes which are somewhat predictable and some sites will even predict the minimum price for the  next day.  Some other areas will have a discount fuel day. Switch to diesel: fuel consumption by diesel engines are much better than standard combustion engines.  Downside is not as many refueling stations. Switch to a hybrid: fuel consumption is better than comparable combustion engines alone but the downside is that the technology is new and still maturing.  Check out this site for more information.
If you have a relatively stable income and deductions you can get a fairly good estimate using last year's tax bill. Suppose you paid $12000 of actual taxes last year and you are paid once a month.   If you plan to make a similar amount of money with similar deductions, you need each monthly paycheck to have $1000 of federal income taxes withheld.   I go to a paycheck calculator and find the withholding required to make sure I have that amount withheld every paycheck.
This doesnt happen in Germany, why? Labor gets half the board seats.  When corps cut, everyone gets cuts. Everyone shares the pain. When corps do well, EVERYONE does better. They dont chop up a corp and sell it off for parts. They dont send all the jobs to china.   This is also how you get things like this  [How Germany Builds Twice as Many Cars as the U.S. While Paying Its Workers Twice as Much](http://www.forbes.com/sites/frederickallen/2011/12/21/germany-builds-twice-as-many-cars-as-the-u-s-while-paying-its-auto-workers-twice-as-much/)  just remember it is the unions keeping american autoworkers from competeting and yet they get paid less than their german counterparts that live in an economy the fraction of our size.   [If you look at gdp per person, WE are 6th on the planet, and germany 17th](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)_per_capita)   what does all this mean? Everyone is getting part of the economic growth and the meme that the right go off on that unions are destroying business in the US is BS. WE have a much richer country than germany. WE should be paying our workers even more than them. WE CAN AFFORD TO. They sure as shit can afford to with less money per person to go arround.
No, if you can afford to enforce more rules, you alone pay for that enforcement *only on your own property*. Nobody else pays for your enforcement of rules that only you want enforced.  Customer regulation keeps companies accountable. When you can stop buying from a company who screws over customers, that's accountability. Remember, integrity and honesty is the lifeblood of any company who wants to stay in business for longer than a short period. Those who provide the most value to customers, including the best quality for their money, get the most customers.
Try something like this: http://www.halifax.co.uk/sharedealing/our-accounts/fantasy-trader/ Virtual or fantasy trading is a great way to immerse yourself in that world and not lose your money whilst you make basic mistakes. Once real money is involved, there are some online platforms that are cheaper for lower amount investing than others. This article is a good, recent starting point for you:  http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/diyinvesting/article-1718291/Pick-best-cheapest-investment-Isa-platform.html Best of luck in the investment casino! (And only risk money you can afford to lose - as with any form of investment, gambling, etc)
yeah but that wasn't the implication of your statement. it seemed to imply that being 6 8 makes you a shoo in for the NBA. It absolutely does not. The best percentage chance you have to make the NBA according to height is by being over 7 foot, which gives you a 1 in 6 chance. As you go down in height, the stats become exponentially lower. If your argument is that being taller gives you a better chance of getting into the nba, well, no shit. but your statement seemed to imply that being 6 8 would necessitate your acceptance into the NBA. FYI, 6 7 is average height in the NBA if I remember my statistics correctly.
"Yep. So many of these articles could be changed to:  ""$Company or $Industry That Has Coasted On Shit Product and Shit Service Surprised By Customer Reaction When Something Better Is Available"".   We recently had a contractor offer us a restaurant gift card as a mea culpa for taking longer on a job than originally quoted, which turned out to be for Applebee's.   Just doing takeout was an awful experience: the service was shit, the food was shit, the restaurant and floors were dirty, everyone felt ill after eating poorly cooked sodium muck...   It's hilarious/sad to see these executives flailing around searching for the magic answer as to why their business model is cratering and the best they can come up with is ""damn millennials"". I'm willing to bet, by and large, people don't not eat at these places for some kind of hipster cred, but because they want decent food and decent service for the price. Unfortunately, no one with that viewpoint is being listened to in board meetings it seems."
Why are you saving your emergency fund in a Roth-IRA? That type of fund should be for retirement. I know you can pull out your principal but that would mean in a crisis you will be destroying your retirement fund.  Remember there is an annual limit, it could take years to replenish it if you have to pay for a big repair, or period of unemployment. The emergency fund should be kept in a very safe account. I would just keep in a high yeild account at a Credit Union
The stock market at large has about a 4.5% long-term real-real (inflation-fees-etc-adjusted) rate of return. Yes: even in light of the recent crashes. That means your money invested in stocks doubles every 16 years. So savings when you're 25 and right out of college are worth double what savings are worth when you're 41, and four times what they're worth when you're 57. You're probably going to be making more money when you're 41, but are you really going to be making two times as much? (In real terms?) And at 57, will you be making four times as much? And if you haven't been saving at all in your life, do you think you're going to be able to start, and make the sacrifices in your lifestyle that you may need? And will you save enough in 10 years to live for another 20-30 years after retirement? And what if the economy tanks (again) and your company goes under and you're out of a job when you turn 58? Having tons of money at retirement isn't the only worthy goal you can pursue with your money (ask anyone who saves money to send kids to college), but having some money at retirement is a rather important goal, and you're much more at risk of saving too little than you are of saving too much. In the US, most retirement planners suggest 10-15% as a good savings rate. Coincidentally, the standard US 401(k) plan provides a tax-deferred vehicle for you to put away up to 15% of your income for retirement.  If you can save 15% from the age of 20-something onward, you probably will be at least as well-off when you retire as you are during the rest of your life. That means you can spend the rest on things which are meaningful to you. (Well, you should also keep around some cash in case of emergencies or sudden unemployment, and it's never a good idea to waste money, but your responsibilities to your future have at least been satisfied.) And in the UK you get tax relief on your pension contribution at your income tax rate and most employers will match your contributions.
The primary difference between Japan and most other developed nations is who owns their debt.  Japan's debt is almost entirely internal.  That is it's actually borrowed from within Japan.  It's not owned by China or anyone else.  Additionally, Japan owns a fairly substantial proportion of the USA's debt which provides additional security.  It's a favorite complaint of Romney and his friends that American is borrowing from China to finance public spending.  A lot of people don't realize, that in fact Japan was until very recently, America's biggest source of borrowing.  And is still number 2 by a substantial margin.  Combine this with pretty careful regulation by the Bank of Japan, low bond yields, and a much larger economy, still with a decent manufacturing base, and Japan's situation isn't remotely like Greece despite it appearing worse.  In a nutshell, the Japan is the educated university graduate with a reasonable income, who like many of us who buy a house that costs many multiples of our annual salary, and can afford to service the debt even if it needs to be carefully managed.  Greece is the homeless, one-armed drug addict with no prospects that struggles to find a few bucks to spend a night in a hostel.  The size of the debt is more or less irrelevant.  It's the ability to pay it that really matters.  Of course this doesn't mean that if circumstances change, things couldn't go south badly, but right now Japan isn't in trouble and the 230% vs 130% misrepresents the reality of the situation.
Read any article that's linked to from Facebook or Twitter, that is advertising. I don't know what hole you've crawled out of but digital marketing spending is passing traditional media. More and more companies are using social media marketing and content marketing in their overall plans.   Social Media is not dead, it's just beginning to grow if anything.
blockchain technology does not seem to be the focal point in their startup, which usually should be when there is an ICO. A lot of the things that they say blockchain could enable them to do, could be done with a centralised database. They have a pretty experienced team in real estate though , it looks like they are using the ICO simply as an easy method of raising capital than having an innovative use of the blockchain token
"Yes, the value of a stock is completely, 100% determined by what people are willing to pay for it in conjunction with what people who have it are willing to sell it for. If something really bad happened to a company, like their only factory burned to the ground, and the traders didn't care, then I guess, in that scenario, the value of the stock would not change. But you can spin all sorts of hypotheticals of that sort. If dogs could talk, would German Shepherds speak German? Etc. Any answer is pretty meaningless because the premise is wildly unlikely. As CQM notes, ""traders"" in this context means everyone who buys or sells stock. If you buy stock, that includes you. They're not some mystical cabal somewhere. If you see a stock listed at, whatever, $50, and you are not willing to pay more than $40 for it, then you refuse to buy, and so you tend to force the price down. If you're not a billionaire, then your impact on the market is tiny, but the market is made up of millions of people each with tiny influence. Note that all this is true not just of the stock market, but of every product on the market. A product is worth whatever the owner is willing to sell it for and people are willing to pay. This is what determines the price of everything from houses to toasters. It's a little theory I've invented that I like to call, ""the law of supply and demand"". :-)"
&gt; deregulate a huge number of areas which will effect hundreds of millions  of _poor_ people _who don't matter_  FTFY.  TISA is about using the disposable masses to stick a finger in the eye of Russia and China in international trade.  The still-birth of the labor movement in the developing world is just icing on the cake.
The Japanese stock market offers a wide selection of popular ETFs tracking the various indices and sub-indices of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.  See this page from the Japan Exchange Group site for a detailed listing of the ETFs being offered on the Tokyo exchange. As you have suggested, one would expect that Japanese investors would be reluctant to track the local market indices because of the relatively poor performance of the Japanese markets over the last couple of decades.  However, this does not appear to be the case.  In fact, there seems to be a heavy bias towards Tokyo indices as measured by the NAV/Market Cap of listed ETFs.  The main Tokyo indices - the broad TOPIX and the large cap Nikkei - dominate investor choice. The big five ETFs tracking the Nikkei 225 have a total net asset value of 8.5Trillion Yen (72Billion USD), while the big four ETFs tracking the TOPIX have a total net asset value of 8.0Trillion Yen (68Billion USD).  Compare this to the small net asset values of those Tokyo listed ETFs tracking the S&P500 or the EURO STOXX 50.  For example, the largest S&P500 tracker is the Nikko Asset Management S&P500 ETF with net asset value of just 67Million USD and almost zero liquidity.  If I remember my stereotypes correctly, it is the Japanese housewife that controls the household budget and investment decisions, and the Japanese housewife is famously conservative and patriotic with their investment choices.  Japanese government bonds have yielded next to nothing for as long as I can remember, yet they remain the first choice amongst housewives.  The 1.3% yield on a Nikkei 225 ETF looks positively generous by comparison and so will carry some temptations.
I thought the crux of the argument was that they were supposed to offset the tax cuts with an expansion of the tax base through growth.  If that story were true (and there's a fair bit of evidence that it's not) then why would they need to cut spending?  The reason the CBO shouldn't score the expected growth from a tax cut is because we've seen very little evidence for significant growth from it--and not because we've never seen the long term impacts of a cut, but rather because they didn't result in growth.
Yes, from the point-of-view to the end speculator/investor in stocks, it is ludicrous to take on liabilities when you don't have to.  That's why single-stock options are far more liquid than single-stock futures. However, if you are a farmer with a huge mortgage depending upon the chaos of agricultural markets which are extremely volatile, a different structure might appeal to you.  You could long your inputs while shorting your outputs, locking in a profit.  That profit is probably lower than what one could expect over the long run without hedging, but it will surely be less volatile. Here's where the advantage of futures come in for that kind of structure: the margin on the longs and shorts can offset each other, forcing the farmer to have to put up much less of one's own money to hedge.  With options, this is not the case. Also, the gross margin between the inputs rarely fluctuate to an unmanageable degree, so if your shorts rise faster than your longs, you'll only have to post margin in the amount of the change in the net of the longs and shorts. This is why while options on commodities exist to satisfy speculators, futures are the most liquid.
"The others nailed it, great answers.  I'd add - the two things I'd prioritize ahead of this debt, higher interest debt, obviously. And matched 401(k) deposits. I can't repeat enough - many people are so anti debt, they walk away from guaranteed 100% returns. ""after I pay my mortgage, I'll max out my 401(k) and catch up."" I've read this, and it will never make sense. After that, pay off the 9% rate as soon as you can."
I prefer to use a Foreign Exchange transfer service.  You will get a good exchange rate (better than from Paypal or from your bank) and it is possible to set it up with no transfer fees on both ends.  You can use an ACH transfer from your US bank account to the FX's bank account and then a SEPA transfer in Europe to get the funds into your bank account.  Transfers can also go in the opposite direction (Europe to USA). I've used XE's service (www.xe.com) and US Forex's service (www.usforex.com).  Transferwise (www.transferwise.com) is another popular service. US Forex's service calls you to confirm each transfer.  They also charge a $5 fee on transfers under $1000. XE's service is more convenient: they do not charge fees for small transfers and do not call you to confirm the tramsfer.  However, they will not let you set up a free ACH transfer from US bank accounts if you set up your XE account outside the US. In both cases, the transfer takes a few business days to complete. EDIT: In my recent (Summer 2015) experience, US Forex has offered slightly better rates than XE.  I've also checked out Transferwise, and for transfers from the US it seems to be a bit of a gimmick with a fee added late in the process.  For reference, I just got quotes from the three sites for converting 5000 USD to EUR:
"This turned out be a lot longer than I expected.  So, here's the overview. Despite the presence of asset allocation calculators and what not, this is a subjective matter.  Only you know how much risk you are willing to take.  You seem to be aware of one rule of thumb, namely that with a longer investing horizon you can stand to take on more risk.  However, how much risk you should take is subject to your own risk aversion.  Honestly, the best way to answer your questions is to educate yourself about the individual topics.  There are just too many variables to provide neat, concise answers to such a broad question.  There are no easy ways around this.  You should not blindly rely on the opinions of others, but rather use your own judgment to asses their advice. Some of the links I provide in the main text: S&P 500: Total and Inflation-Adjusted Historical Returns 10-year index fund returns The Motley Fool Risk aversion Disclaimer: These are the opinions of an enthusiastic amateur.  Why should I invest 20% in domestic large cap and 10% in developing markets instead of 10% in domestic large cap and 20% in developing markets? Should I invest in REITs? Why or why not?  Simply put, developing markets are very risky.  Even if you have a long investment horizon, you should pace yourself and not take on too much risk.  How much is ""too much"" is ultimately subjective.  Specific to why 10% in developing vs 20% in large cap, it is probably because 10% seems like a reasonable amount of your total portfolio to gamble.  Another way to look at this is to consider that 10% as gone, because it is invested in very risky markets.  So, if you're willing to take a 20% haircut, then by all means do that.  However, realize that you may be throwing 1/5 of your money out the window. Meanwhile, REITs can be quite risky as investing in the real estate market itself can be quite risky.  One reason is that the assets are very much fixed in place and thus can not be liquidated in the same way as other assets.  Thus, you are subject to the vicissitudes of a relatively small market.  Another issue is the large capital outlays required for most commercial building projects, thus typically requiring quite a bit of credit and risk.  Another way to put it: Donald Trump made his name in real estate, but it was (and still is) a very bumpy ride.  Yet another way to put it: you have to build it before they will come and there is no guarantee that they will like what you built. What mutual funds or index funds should I investigate to implement these strategies?  I would generally avoid actively managed mutual funds, due to the expenses.  They can seriously eat into the returns.  There is a reason that the most mutual funds compare themselves to the Lipper average instead of something like the S&P 500.  All of those costs involved in managing a mutual fund (teams of people and trading costs) tend to weigh down on them quite heavily.  As the Motley Fool expounded on years ago, if you can not do better than the S&P 500, you should save yourself the headaches and simply invest in an S&P 500 index fund. That said, depending on your skill (and luck) picking stocks (or even funds), you may very well have been able to beat the S&P 500 over the past 10 years.  Of course, you may have also done a whole lot worse.  This article discusses the performance of the S&P 500 over the past 60 years.  As you can see, the past 10 years have been a very bumpy ride yielding in a negative return.  Again, keep in mind that you could have done much worse with other investments. That site, Simple Stock Investing may be a good place to start educating yourself.  I am not familiar with the site, so do not take this as an endorsement.  A quick once-over of the material on the site leads me to believe that it may provide a good bit of information in readily digestible forms.  The Motley Fool was a favorite site of mine in the past for the individual investor.  However, they seem to have turned to the dark side, charging for much of their advice.  That said, it may still be a good place to get started.  You may also decide that it is worth paying for their advice. This blog post, though dated, compares some Vanguard index funds and is a light introduction into the contrarian view of investing.  Simply put, this view holds that one should not be a lemming following the crowd, rather one should do the opposite of what everyone else is doing.  One strong argument in favor of this view is the fact that as more people pile onto an investing strategy or into a particular market, the yields thin out and the risk of a correction (i.e. a downturn) increases.   In the worst case, this leads to a bubble, which corrects itself suddenly (or ""pops"" thus the term ""bubble"") leading to quite a bit of pain for the unprepared participants.  An unprepared participant is one who is not hedged properly.  Basically, this means they were not invested in other markets/strategies that would increase in yield as a result of the event that caused the bubble to pop.   Note that the recent housing bubble and resulting credit crunch beat quite heavily on the both the stock and bond markets.  So, the easy hedge for stocks being bonds did not necessarily work out so well.  This makes sense, as the housing bubble burst due to concerns over easy credit. Unfortunately, I don't have any good resources on hand that may provide starting points or discuss the various investing strategies.  I must admit that I am turning my interests back to investing after a hiatus.   As I stated, I used to really like the Motley Fool, but now I am somewhat suspicious of them.  The main reason is the fact that as they were exploring alternatives to advertising driven revenue for their site, they promised to always have free resources available for those unwilling to pay for their advice.  A cursory review of their site does show a decent amount of general investing information, so take these words with a grain of salt.  (Another reason I am suspicious of them is the fact that they ""spammed"" me with lots of enticements to pay for their advice which seemed just like the type of advice they spoke against.) Anyway, time to put the soapbox away.  As I do that though, I should explain the reason for this soapboxing.  Simply put, investing is a risky endeavor, any way you slice it.  You can never eliminate risk, you can only hope to reduce it to an acceptable level.  What is acceptable is subject to your situation and to the magnitude of your risk aversion.  Ultimately, it is rather subjective and you should not blindly follow someone else's opinion (professional or otherwise).  Point being, use your judgment to evaluate anything you read about investing.   If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.  If someone purports to have some strategy for guaranteed (steady) returns, be very suspicious of it.  (Read up on the Bernard Madoff scandal.)  If someone is putting on a heavy sales pitch, be weary.  Be especially suspicious of anyone asking you to pay for their advice before giving you any solid understanding of their strategy.  Sure, many people want to get paid for their advice in some way (in fact, I am getting ""paid"" with reputation on this site).  However, if they take the sketchy approach of a slimy salesmen, they are likely making more money from selling their strategy, than they are from the advice itself.  Most likely, if they were getting outsized returns from their strategy they would keep quiet about it and continue using it themselves.  As stated before, the more people pile onto a strategy, the smaller the returns.  The typical model for selling is to make money from the sale.  When the item being sold is an intangible good, your risk as a buyer increases. You may wonder why I have written at length without much discussion of asset allocation.  One reason is that I am still a relative neophyte and have a mostly high level understanding of the various strategies.  While I feel confident enough in my understanding for my own purposes, I do not necessarily feel confident creating an asset allocation strategy for someone else.  The more important reason is that this is a subjective matter with a lot of variables to consider.  If you want a quick and simple answer, I am afraid you will be disappointed.  The best approach is to educate yourself and make these decisions for yourself.  Hence, my attempt to educate you as best as I can at this point in time. Personally, I suggest you do what I did.  Start reading the Wall Street Journal every day. (An acceptable substitute may be the business section of the New York Times.)  At first you will be overwhelmed with information, but in the long run it will pay off.  Another good piece of advice is to be patient and not rush into investing.   If you are in a hurry to determine how you should invest in a 401(k) or other such investment vehicle due to a desire to take advantage of an employer's matching funds, then I would place my money in an S&P 500 index fund.  I would also explore placing some of that money into broad index funds from other regions of the globe.  The reason for broad index funds is to provide some protection from the normal fluctuations and to reduce the risk of a sudden downturn causing you a lot pain while you determine the best approach for yourself.  In this scenario, think more about capital preservation and hedging against inflation then about ""beating"" the market."
This sounds more like a Business Analyst role, but almost impossible to tell with such narrow detail.  My general advice though - don't pick the title based on what the job is today, pick it based on what you can grow it into.
"Updating current reactor tech largely reduces ""radioactive waste?"" Exactly by how much will this reduce radioactive waste? And I hope you can clarify, but when you put ""radioactive waste"" within quotes you could be misinterpreted as downplaying the perilous nature of a deadly substance who's mere milligrams will poison and even kill every orgasm that ingests it -- over the next 250,000 years.  Something /energy ignores and even censors on their subreddit is the question of where will nuclear waste be stored. Our species has had a strong couple thousand years but considering how we collectively mishandle even the simplest of tasks - how arrogant are we to believe we can safeguard the storage of a deadly substance for the next quarter-million years? Windmill 1.0 can just be taken down and even recycled into Windmill 2.0"
What I would prefer is top open a new category charges under dispute and park the amount there. It can be made as an account as well in place of a income or expenses category. This way your account will reconcile and also you will be able to track the disputes.
When evaluating a refinance, it all comes down to the payback. Refinancing costs money in closing costs. There are different reasons for refinancing, and they all have different methods for calculating payback.  One reason to finance is to get a lower interest rate. When determining the payback time, you calculate how long it would take to recover your closing costs with the amount you save in interest. For example, if the closing costs are $2,000, your payback time is 2 years if it takes 2 years to save that amount in interest with the new interest rate vs. the old one. The longer you hold the mortgage after you refinance, the more money you save in interest with the new rate. Generally, it doesn't pay to refinance to a lower rate right before you sell, because you aren't holding the mortgage long enough to see the interest savings. You seem to be 3 years away from selling, so you might be able to see some savings here in the next three years.  A second reason people refinance is to lower their monthly payment if they are having trouble paying it. I see you are considering switching from a 15 year to a 30 year; is one of your goals to reduce your monthly payment? By refinancing to a 30 year, you'll be paying a lot of interest in your first few years of payments, extending the payback time of your lower interest rate.  A third reason people refinance is to pull cash out of their equity. This applies to you as well. Since you are planning on using it to remodel the home you are trying to sell, you have to ask yourself if the renovations you are planning will payoff in the increased sale price of your home. Often, renovations don't increase the value of their home as much as they cost. You do renovations because you will enjoy living in the renovated home, and you get some of your money back when you sell. But sometimes you can increase the value of your home by enough to cover the cost of the renovation. Talk to a real estate agent in your area to get their advice on how much the renovations you are talking about will increase the value of your home.
This article is simply a discussion of the author's own stupidity. In no way does a liquidation preference effect the value of a company. Share class? Yes definitely.  The issue comes from applying the price of a preferred funding round to a fully diluted basis as is often quoted in financial media. Value doesn't always just equal basic p * q
What you put that money into is quite relevant. It depends on how soon you will need some, or all, of that money.  It has been very useful to me to divide my savings into three areas...  1) very short term 'oops' funds. This is for when you forget to put something in your budget or when a monthly bill is very high this month. Put this money into passbook savings.  2) Emergency funds that are needed quite infrequently. Used for such things as when you go to the hospital or an appliance breaks down. Put this money in higher yeald savings, but where it can be accessed.  3) Retirement savings. Put this money into a 401-K. Never draw on it till you retire. Make no loans against it. When you change jobs roll over into a self-directed IRA and invest in an ETF that pays dividends. Reinvest the dividend each month.  So, like I said, where you put that money depends on how soon you will need it.
The dividend is for a quarter of the year, three months. 80 cents is 3.9% of $20.51. Presumably the Div/yield changes as the stock price changes. On Yahoo, they specify that the yield is based on a particular stated date. So it's only the exact number if the stock trades at the price on that date.
I couldn't believe they blew money on a fucking share buy back.  Even the product issues aside, how moronic is that?  Hey guys, we are 3 years behind the competition in technology, our next product is another 2 generations from now, and sales are collapsing around us.  Should we maybe INVEST IN SOME FUCKING R&amp;D!?  Nah, lets hand out the cash to shareholders.  I'm sure they would prefer a 5% share price boost now instead of long term survival of the company.
Can't see why would you need to track the sources of the original funds. Can't think of a reason not to consolidate, if at all it will only make the management of your IRA more convenient, and may be even cheaper (if the fees depend on the account value...).
Russia has structural problems too. The last time they had an election, their president and prime minster of what - 10yrs? - swapped roles.   India has a fully functioning democracy. Yes, there are challenges but dont say that Russia has crossed the chasm.
"Obama is a piece of shit, who is nothing more than a puppet. You will get no arguement from me on that. What piece of shit would you like to see in his place? These horrid anti-competition agreements are not possible without govenment's supporting them. You wonder why governments and corporations are so friendly with one another? Think about it. Who collects the taxes for the government? And do you think the government could get those taxes without those corporations doing the job for them? They would have to come to your house and force it out of your hands face to face. By getting your boss to do it they make him the bad guy who doesn't ""pay"" you what you feel you are worth. You ignore the fact that if he didn't steal from your cheque he would be shut down.  You think the Mafia has a monopoly on extortion?   What part in your own words do I have ""COMPLETELY"" backwards?"
"I'm going to assume that by ""register the house in my name"" you mean that the house is legally yours. In that case there are a number of implications, tax and otherwise. You should also be very clear with your father about what happens when the house is sold. Do you give him back what he paid for it? Does he get all the value? What happens if the value has gone down? Some of this is down to Indian law, which I know nothing about. However all of these are red flags which you should consider before doing this. This is not legal advice in any jurisdiction."
"Simply paying him back the 50K to reduce ""his equity"" back to 30% doesn't necessarily mean that he still doesn't have a higher liq pref upon a liquidation event. You don't need the legal language to know...I deal with term sheets all the time, I don't deal in the legal language, we cut the deal with the term sheet and leave the legal language to the lawyers."
"Do yourself a favor and actually read the article posted; it directly addresses your claim. Here is a lovely excerpt -  ""The claim that climate models are unreliable is the 6th-most popular contrarian myth. The argument is generally based on the claim that climate models didn't predict the slowdown in global surface warming over the past 15 years. That's in large part because during that time, we've predominantly experienced La Niña conditions. Climate modelers couldn't predict that ahead of time, but the models that happened to accurately simulate those conditions also accurately predicted the amount of global surface warming we've experienced."""
Yeah, she is a control freak... she sold the rights of pictures of her to some agency, who licensed them out.... she lost control.   So to this end, I think it's only fitting that we the people of the internet seek justice &amp; irony.... we must go forth and photoshop actual dicks in place of the 7 inch burger.  Go now.... make it happen.
You are thinking about this very well.  With option one, you need to think about the 5 D's in the contract.  What happens when one partner becomes disinterested, divorced (break up), does drugs (something illegal), dies or does not agree with decisions. One complication if you buy jointly, and decide to break up/move, on will the other partner be able to refinance?  If not the leaving person will probably not be able to finance a new home as the banks are rarely willing to assume multiple mortgage risks for one person.  (High income/large down payment not with standing.) I prefer the one person rents option to option one.  The trouble with that is that it sounds like you are in better position to be the owner, and she has a higher emotional need to own.    If she is really interested in building equity I would recommend a 15 year or shorter mortgage.  Building equity in a 30 year is not realistic.
Thanks for the cross-post.  I wrote this in response to a lot of questions on Quora, asking about Segwit and where the market was going. There are a ton of factors that could affect the market, but if I had to bet on the most likely outcome, this would be it.
"The cause of the increase in 2006-2011 was the financial crisis, where, if you recall, the global banking system came close to collapse for reasons that are well documented. Rightly or wrongly, gold is seen as a safe haven asset in times of crisis. The price of gold began to decline in 2011 when the markets decided that the risk of a global banking system collapse had passed without further incident. In the period leading up to 2006, the price of gold was in a flat-to-down trend because there was little net buying interest in gold and large gold sales had been executed by various central banks around the world who felt that gold no longer had a place in central bank reserves.   In modern economies gold is seen as a ""fringe"" asset.  It has no role to play.  The recent financial crisis may have dented that perception, but those dents are now being forgotten and the price of gold is returning to its long-term downward trend.  When the next financial/banking crisis is upon us, the price of gold will again (probably) rally.  The extent of the rally will depend on the extent of the crisis."
Foot Locker is getting squeezed in two directions. They're getting pinched on price by online sales while losing the top end of the athletic market to boutique sporting goods stores. Foot Locker let's you try shoes on, that's the only thing their in store experience ads. There are several specialty stores in my area that have a well trained staff that offer good advice and fitting services that I'm more likely to buy athletic shoes from than Foot Locker.
"Just an add-on that I would argue CDO's were created much earlier, in the late 1960's, by newly created Ginnie Mae and Fannie Mae, and eventually Freddie MAc in some of the original mortgage bundling programs.  There were no private-label MBS's at the time, but the practice had already started well before the 80's.  Not trying to be a dick, but I think it's historically significant.  edit: To maybe double back a bit, I know that they were passing through mortgages, but I'm actually not sure how the securitization actually worked, (if they were technically ""collaterialized."")."
If you've decided to ignore the sound advice re: oil company stocks, and you want something directly linked to the price of oil, do the following: Understand that oil producers would like avoid the risk of a price drop, and oil consumers (refiners, electric utilities, etc.) would like to avoid the risk of a price rise. Understand that you are about to assume their risk.
And then there is the issue of people who actually don't intend to reduce the size of their loan. They only want to pay the interest, so their debt with the bank remains constant. If you are upside down, it means you will not have the financial means to remove the debt. If, for some reason, you are no longer able to pay the bank, you might lose the house. After that you will have no house, but you still have a debt with the bank.
"Can you give me evidence that HFT front running is happening? Better yet, can you tell me how, given current market structure, front running is even possible? Don't just tell me ""order types"" and ""faster"", because that doesn't directly lead to front running. In fact, why don't you start by defining what you think to be front running? I have a feeling that will clear up a lot of your apparent misunderstanding.  In the meantime, you're just regurgitating Flash Boys / CNBC hype.  Also, it's a fallacy to say that people ""believe"" in the mission of IEX simply because there's volume there. Market participants will connect to any liquidity source, based purely on their endless quest for more liquidity...  EDIT: By the way, being faster than someone is *not* front running. It's being faster than them. I want to make sure you understand this distinction before venturing into matters you're obviously *very* unfamiliar with."
being prepared to take advantage of opportunities is also determined by luck. Did you get to choose who your parents were or how they brought you up, eventually defining your personality and therefore propensity to be prepared for opportunities?  No.  Did you get to choose what random events occurred around an opportunity, which modified your ability or propensity to act up on it? No.   The idea of 'success' depends on the idea of free will and the ability to overcome disadvantages, but you don't even need to rule out free will to see that ability itself is determined by luck.   Luck is all.   Read The Sirens of Titan by Vonnegut, it really solidified my thinking in this vein.
Thanks for the huge insight. I am still a student doing an intern and this was given as my first task, more of trying to give the IA another perspective looking at these funds rather than picking. I was not given the investors preference in terms of return and risk tolerances so it was really open-ended.   However, thanks so much for the quick response. At least now I have a better idea of what I am going to deliver or at least try to show to the IA.
"I speak from a position of experience, My BS and MS are both in Comp Sci. I know very little about loans or finances. That is very unfortunate as you are obviously an intelligent human being.  Perhaps this is a good time to pause your formal education and get educated in personal finance.  To me, it is that important. I study computer science, and am thus confident that I will be able to find work after I finish school. This kind of attitude can lead to trouble.  You will likely have a high salary, but that does not always translate into prosperity.  Personal finance is more about behavior then mathematics.  I currently work with people that have high salaries in a low cost of living area.  Some have lost homes due to foreclosure some are very limited in their options because of high student loan balances.  Some are millionaires without hitting the IPO/startup lotto.  The difference is behavior. It's possible that someone in my family will be able to cosign and help me out with this loan. This is indicative of lack of knowledge and poor financial behavior.  This kind of thing can lead to strained relationships to the point where people don't talk to each other.  Never co-sign for anyone, and if you value the relationship with a person never ask them to co-sign. I'll be working as a TA again for a $1000 stipend. Yikes!  Why in the world would you work for 1K when you need 4K?  You should find a way to earn 6K this semester so you can save some and put some toward the loans you already acquired.  Accepting this kind of situation ""raises red flags"" on your attitude towards personal finance.  And yes it is possible, you can earn that waiting tables and if you can find a part time programming gig you can make a lot more then that.  Consider working as a TA and wait tables until you find that first programming gig. I am just about done with my undergraduate degree, and will be starting graduate school at the same university next semester. To me this is a recipe for failure in most cases.  You have expended all your financing options to date and are planning to go backwards even more.  Why not get out of school with your BS, and go to work?  You can save up some of your MS tuition and most companies will provide tuition reimbursement.   Computer Science/Software Engineering can be a fickle market.  Right now things are going crazy and times are really good.  However that was not always the case during my career and unlikely for yours.  For example, Just this year I bypassed my highest rate of pay that occurred in 2003.  I was out of work most of 2004, and for part of 2005 I actually made less then when I was working while in college.  In 2009 my company cut our salaries by 5%, but the net cost to me was more like a 27% cut.  In 2001 I worked as a contractor for a company that had a 10% reduction in full time employees, yet they kept us contractors working.   Recently I talked with a recruiter about a position doing J2EE, which is what I am doing now.  It required a high level security clearance which is not an easy thing to get.  The rub was that it was located in a higher cost of living area and only paid about 70% of what I am making now.  They required more and paid less, but such is the market.  You need to learn about these things! Good luck."
I've been in the workforce for a little over 20 years. This sounds like one of the situations that starts out as a nice little bonus, but ends with me holding the bag and wishing I never would've gotten involved.
"Investors aren't ""job creators"" ... they're job *haters*.  The top folks cannot think past one business quarter, so they hate wages and increasing wages to get their jobs done.  It will only change when someone realizes they are losing the race because they don't want to buy the gear they need.  And they do need it.  Companies don't need better investment advisors or magic business consultants to worship.  They need workers.  Sadly ... they are told by the expensive consultants that paying for the latter is always the problem."
Its more important to me that people who make more than me are villianized than to do some simple math and see that articles decrying executive pay is a red herring designed to pit the rich, middle class, and poor against each other.
"You do not say what country you are in. This is an answer for readers in the UK. Most normal balance transfer deals are only for paying off other credit cards. However there are ""money transfer"" deals that will pay the money direct to your bank account. The deals aren't as good as balance transfer deals but they are often a competitive option compared to other types of borrowing.  Another option depending on how much you need to borrow and your regular spending habits is to get a card with a ""0% for purchases"" deal and use that card for your regular shopping, then put the money you would have spent on your regular shopping towards the car."
True, but I don't think that's our only problem. It's a complicated issue, but we've seen the militarization of police, many people fear the police too much to report serious crimes (which might be reformable, but not if Internal Affairs corruption is anyone's idea of reform). Both of these issues stem from a fundamental lack of respect for the populace at large on the police's behalf, a natural response to seeing society's worst day in and day out.   There's also the benefit of having one more level to escalate your issues up. If the insurance company doesn't issue a fair decision, the courts may, and while a police officer doesn't have a legal duty to protect and serve (http://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/28/politics/28scotus.html?_r=0), an insurance company has a contract and a service you paid. Also, though I'm not sure how relevant it is in the insurance industry, companies are competing with each other and thus have an incentive to report their competitor's illegal activity, unlike the blue code of silence.   These problems may be fixable, but they certainly are not easily so.
It's not so much about time but about intent.  If your intent is to move there permanently, it would be when you arrive in the state for the purposes of living there (i.e. not from a while before that when you went to check a place out or for an interview).  I believe that most (if not all) states expect you to get a Driver's License from that state within 30-days of moving there. Something like a Driver's License or State ID would be proof of your residency.  These things vary greatly from state to state, so you'd have to research particular states.  Or find someone who's done that already. A bit of searching, specifically for Texas, brought me to this forum thread: If you / he wish to establish residency here -- here being Texas -- get a Texas Driver's License and Voter Registration here. Government issued ID with a Texas address is pretty much bulletproof defense against being found to be a resident of elsewhere. Your battle, if there is one, will not be with Texas, but with your present home of record state and/or local government if there are income taxes associated with having been a resident there during the tax year. Which brings up the other question: You would need to make sure that California does not have some provision that would cause you issues.  (This isn't so much a case of income from a company in the state as it about capital gains, but it is still prudent to check.)
"Do you guys think it's a good idea to put that much down on the car ? In my opinion, it depends on a lot of factors.  If you have nothing to pay, and are not planning to invest in something that cost a lot soon (I.E an house, etc). Then I see no problem in put ""that much down on the car"". Remember that the more you pay at first, the less you will pay interest on. However, if you are planning on buying something big soon, then you might want to pay less and keep moneys for your future investment. I would honestly not finance a car with the garage as I find their interest rate to high. Possibilities depends a lot of your bank accounts, but what I would personally do is pay it cash using my credit margin with the bank which is only 2.8% interest rate. Garage where I live rarely finance under 7% interest rate. You may not have a credit margin, but maybe you could get a loan with the bank instead ? Many bank keep an history of your loan which will get you a better credit name when trying to buy an home later. On the other side, having a good credit name is not really useful in a garage. What interest rate is reasonable based on my credit score? I don't think it is possible to give a real answer to this as it change a lot around the world. However, I would recommend to simply compare with the interest rate asked when being loan by the bank."
One of the most useful ways to depict Open, High, Low, Close, and Volume is with a Candlestick Chart. I like to use the following options from Stockcharts.com: http://stockcharts.com/h-sc/ui?s=SPY&p=D&yr=0&mn=3&dy=0&id=p57211761385
Are you in search of the top Cosmetic Aesthetic Dentistry In Kurla West then visit Arpan Dental clinic which is best laser, implant and cosmetic dental clinic. Arpan Dental clinic also practice advanced dental techniques to protect, maintain, improve and create beautiful smiles. To know more, Explore the full Article.
"I think Feral Oink said it well here when someone asked if they should negotiate for additional benefits in lieu of a portion of salary. ""You never want to take a lower salary, especially not in exchange for something that is conditional e.g. benefits. Your salary is the only thing that is guaranteed as a condition of employment. Other things can be changed by the employer at a future point in time."" Does it make sense to take a lower salary so I can still contribute to a Roth IRA?"
No but from what I remember, they didn't label this pink slim at all when they sold it.  The example I gave is from a recent one as from what I remember about this, they were tossing meat in a dryer with ammonia to break down scraps to re-purpose later.  They weren't required to label anything they sold as what they did and it was misleading to consumers and many people wouldn't approve of the process they used to obtain the meat.  It's a lot like meat products bought in the US and being labeled as US products but the cattle is killed in the US, shipped to China for processing then back to the US for labeling and resale.
Single payer is simply meaning you pay one outlet for your care.  So I go to ER and have surgery with overnight stay. I would have 10 or so different bills under the current system or with single payer one bill with the details.  With out considering left or right leaning, just seems easier.   What is the negative to that?   I have been involved in the IT side of insurance for a long time and a considerable portion of the expenses are just for all the different parties to track billing.
Quite a bit as in, $100K+? If you're a sole operator, not sure what constitutes a real likelihood that a risk of liability will materialize, and in need of a lot of up front financing, I am genuinely concerned that you're going to a lay a giant egg on this one. What is it your business is going to be doing? I don't really want to give a free consultation, but I'm worried you're either misunderstanding something or about to make a mistake, and I don't want to see that happen.
Wikipedia is your friend: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_stock_exchanges
Wobbly legs in boxing means he about hit the mat. In MMA, it looks more gruesome because of all the blood, but in boxing, by time someone is to the point McGregor was, he was getting brain damaged.  He 'gassed out' starting at the beginning of round 4. His arms were noodles in round 5.   Unless you wanted McGregor to risk being stupid, punishment needed to stop when it did.
I've had fairly extensive experience using Entropay, with a few hiccups along the way. I suspect your transaction or repeated top-ups has been flagged as 'suspicious' activity. Read: potentially fraudulent or money laundering.  You've also tried to buy expensive electronic goods, a common use of fraud/laundering. Finally, Entropay does NOT provide address validation. Again, with laptops being a common use for fraud, it is more than likely Lenovo attempted to do an address validation on your card details, which failed and may have led to the hold. How to resolve it? You will probably need to provide documentation to Entropay including proof of identity and where you live.
This article uses the kind of evaluation that has screwed up this country's businesses for years.  I don't care about the short term stock gains, we should be looking at long term investing and whether the CEO has the vision to lead the corporation into the future, not whether he decided to shut down a factory because it lead to a one time tax bonanza.
"Companies ""make"" sales. The receivable from those sales are typically and commonly referred to as *""money""*.  In that respect, when a company makes sales, they make money.  Whether or not they are realizing a profit from those sales, is entirely different.  There's a huge distinction between a company that is generating no sales, and a company that is generating no profit."
If you are looking for more details and information on DUI Attorney Wall, NJ and Divorce Wall, NJ then please visit our website. To look at most divorce attorney Wall, NJ cases and custody hearings, you would think that there’s nothing an attorney Wall, NJ can do, that the courts always side with the woman.
what are you talking about, the wealthy are not just tied to money. Alot of it is assets, physical metals, and properties  currency switches happen every 40 years or so btw, which is the case lately in the past couple of centuries.
"Looking at the list of bonds you listed, many of them are long dated. In short, in a rate rising environment (it's not like rates can go much lower in the foreseeable future), these bond prices will drop in general in addition to any company specific events occurred to these names, so be prepared for some paper losses.  Just because a bond is rated highly by credit agencies like S&P or Moody's does not automatically mean their prices do not fluctuate. Yes, there is always a demand for highly rated bonds from pension funds, mutual funds, etc. because of their investment mandates. But I would suggest looking beyond credit ratings and yield, and look further into whether these bonds are secured/unsecured and if secured, by what. Keep in mind in recent financial crisis, prices of those CDOs/CLOs ended up plunging even though they were given AAA ratings by rating agencies because some were backed by housing properties that were over-valued and loans made to borrowers having difficulties to make repayments. Hence, these type of ""bonds"" have greater default risks and traded at huge discounts. Most of them are also callable, so you may not enjoy the seemingly high yield till their maturity date. Like others mentioned, buying bonds outright is usually a big ticket item. I would also suggest reviewing your cash liquidity and opportunity cost as oppose to investing in other asset classes and instruments."
&gt;People with demanding, manual labor jobs (probably the only way to get enough calories for that kind of work -- none of them were fat)   Most men can eat 2300-2500 calories in a day with out much exercise, and a Whopper is a whole 660 calories. Most sandwiches at any chain restaurant are more than that. Not one salad at Applebees is less than 1000 calories. People have no idea what their calorie intake is.
"The way I see it: Survival of the fittest. In the beginning weren't there a LOT of nearly similar sites? There was competition but they died out. Before there was only Google, there was MSN and Yahoo and more BUTT they died out. The only way break this alleged ""monopoly"" is if there will be others who could provide even better services than these giants."
The big difference for me is that my contribution thorough a cafeteria plan also skips Social Security and Medicare taxes. That is a 6.2% (SS) + 1.45% (Medicare) tax on those contributions if done outside a cafeteria plan. Some companies make a contribution to a the HSA. If you handle your contributions outside of their channels they may see you as a non-participant, and not make any matching contributions. You might have to put a minimum amount into the company setup HSA.  The non-company HSA may also charge fees that the company one doesn't. Regarding the taxes: If you contribute $3,000 to the HSA via post tax, your paychecks would have had an extra $229.50 paid into social security/Medicare. There is no mechanism to get this refunded.
Rich tax evaders are entitled leeches who claim extraordinary results enabled by their community/city/state/republic as wholly their own.  They violate the social contract that asks members to pay their share of the cost, as determined by tax code, for public goods they enjoy.  They refuse to contribute toward improvement and maintenance of infrastructure that magnify fruits of labor and investment.  If they find fault with the way the military is run, they should get politically involved.  If they just don't want to pay taxes, they should move elsewhere and renounce their US citizenship.  I don't see what's heroic about tax evaders.
You're asking three different things: What is the fastest way, what is the cheapest way and what is the easiest way.  You will not find one method that is all three at once. The fastest way is a wire transfer.  The cheapest way that I've encountered is a foreign exchange service like XE.  The easiest way is probably Paypal since the money is already in Paypal.
I think it would be good to familiarize yourself with the market in the subject building's area and convey that knowledge. What is a typical cap rate for the area? Comparable sales? Any new employers coming into the area that affect the local economy in a positive way?
"Warren Buffett pointed out that if you set 1 million monkeys to flipping coins, after ten flips, one monkey in about 1,000 (1,024) actually, would have a ""perfect"" track record of 10 heads. If you can double your money every three to five years (basically, the outer limit of what is humanly possible), you can turn $1,000 into $1 million in 30-50 years. But your chances of doing this are maybe those of that one in 1,000 monkeys. There are people that believe that if Warren Buffett were starting out today, ""today's version"" could not beat the historical version. One of the ""believers"" is Warren Buffett himself (if you read between the lines of his writings). What the promoters do is to use the benefit of hindsight to show that if someone had done such-and-such trades on such-and-such days, they would have turned a few thousand into a million in a few short years. That's ""easy"" in hindsight, but then challenge them to do it in real time!"
Aside from what else has been said, the stock market does not equal the real economy, so putting some trendline over the S&amp;P time series tells us nothing when recessions (though ultimately decided upon by NBER's methodology) generally coincide with &gt;= 2 consecutive quarters of GDP contraction.
"On a longer time scale, the plot thickens:  It almost looks random.  A large drop in real rates in the mid-70s, a massive spike in the early 80s, followed by a slow multi-decade decline. The chaos doesn't seem to be due to interest rates.  They steadily climbed and steadily fell:  All that's left is inflation:  First, real rates should be expected to pay a moderate rate, so nominal rates will usually be higher than inflation. However, interest rates are very stable over long time periods while inflation is not.  Economists call this type of phenomenon ""sticky pricing"", where the price, interest rates in this case, do not change much despite the realities surrounding them. But the story is a little more complicated. In the early 1970s, Nixon had an election to win and tried to lessen the impacts of recession by increasing gov't spending, not raising taxes, and financing through the central bank, causing inflation.  The strategy failed, but he was reelected anyways.   This set the precedent for the hyperinflation of the 1970s that ended abruptly by Reagan at the beginning of his first term in the early 1980s.  Again, interest rates remained sticky, so real rates spiked. Now, the world is not growing, almost stagnating.  Demand for equity is somewhat above average, but because corporate income is decelerating, and the developed world's population is aging, demand for investment income is skyrocketing.   As demand rises, so does the price, which for an investor is a form of inverse of the interest rate. Future demand is probably best answered by forecasters, and the monetarist over and undertones still dominating the Federal Reserve show that they have finally learned after 100 years that inflation is best kept ""low and stable"":  But what happens if growth in the US suddenly spikes, inflation rises, and the Federal Reserve must sell all of the long term assets it has bet so heavily on quickly while interest rates rise?  Inflation may not be intended, but it is not impossible."
Imagine a stock where the share price equals the earnings per share.  You pay say $100 for a share. In the next year, the company makes $100 per share. They can pay a $100 dividend, so now you have your money back, and you still own the share. Next year, they make $100 per share, pay a $100 dividend, so now you have your money back, plus $100 in your pocket, plus you own the share. Wow. What an incredible investment.
However, we don’t need to and we haven’t removed power from the government for this solution.  We have removed lobbying rights for certain special interests.  I think that is important to note.    The government isn’t malicious.  It just needs adjusted, realigned, maybe having some fat trimmed off.  In some cases it may require more power.  Every issue should have solutions suggested on a case by case basis.  No need to throw the baby out with the bath water.
Well, there has to be a compromise, that's for sure. But surely you would agree that the people who take the lion's pie of the risk should also take the lion's pie of the profits. Just because one of their companies has turned profitable, it does not follow that somehow other stakeholders should now deserve a bigger piece of the pie. These shareholders probably have stakes in hundreds of other companies that failed, they lost their money, but the employees and executives there got paid, right? Well, you win some, you lose some. But again, when you take most of the risk, you have to take most of of the profits, because from an individual's perspective, you need to have a positive EV from all your investments on average, otherwise you wouldn't invest at all.  Do you think that this would be better for all those workers?
"The following is from Wikipedia - Term life insurance (with very minor editing) Because term life insurance is a pure   death benefit, its primary use is to   provide coverage of financial   responsibilities, for the insured.   Such responsibilities may include, but   are not limited to, consumer debt,   dependent care, college education for   dependents, funeral costs, and   mortgages. Term life insurance is   generally chosen in favor of permanent   life insurance because it is usually   much less expensive (depending on the   length of the term). Many financial   advisors or other experts commonly   recommend term life insurance as a   means to cover potential expenses   until such time that there are   sufficient funds available from   savings to protect those whom the   insurance coverage was intended to   protect. For example, an individual   might choose to obtain a policy whose   term expires near his or her   retirement age based on the premise   that, by the time the individual   retires, he or she would have amassed   sufficient funds in retirement savings   to provide financial security for   their dependents. This suggests the questions ""why do you have this policy?"" also ""how many term life policies do you need?"" or ""how much insurance do you need?"" Clearly you will be better off investing the premiums in the market.  Your beneficiaries may be better off either way (depends when you die and to a lesser extent on market performance). If you are not able to retire now but expect to be able to later, you should strongly consider having sufficient insurance to provide income replacement for your spouse.  This is a fairly common why."
"How can you dismiss this argument as political?  That's not even a consideration when thinking about this.  I think this based on what I've read--you keep saying ""look at the government data""--what the hell kind of vague BS is that?    For example, Seth Klarman in his book ""Margin of Safety"" talks about the dangers of deregulation from an investment point-of-view.    Perhaps even better, James Montier in ""Value Investing"" has pages and pages and data that show a clear pattern of widespread deregulation and the following bust.    Going back to the late 80s S&amp;L crisis, you do realize that banks were't able to invest in such speculative securities prior to the Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act, right?"
This is the damaged goods (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crippleware) setting in economics. It makes perfect sense from the manufacturing point of view, since is damn expensive to have lines dedicated for different products.  I don't know if I agree with it, but it is good business to do so. Is the same principle of paying more to have a better seat in an airplane, is the same service but with better conditions and service.
I think a lot of it is our spending and the things and services we now consider needed or at least normal. Our grandparents didn't have cell phones, cable, xboxes, organic food, laptops, DSL service, 2 cars per family, yearly vacations to Europe, aging parents (and grandparents), day care, 3D movies.. I could go on and on. Cut all that stuff out and you could probably live on one middle class salary.
"&gt; but the invasion of Iraq was, by definition, a military venture intended to overthrow their leader and change the regime.  No, it was a government venture using the military as a tool. But even if it were a military venture, you would be right - the invasion was, not the occupation and attempt to stabilize/rebuild. That was a joint venture.  &gt;The US military acts for the US government, as do other departments and to muddle the question by listing departments is to miss the point – which is privatization of government functions, be they military or just involved in military ventures.  Painting the construction of a school, built by Iraqi contractors, directed by the State Department, and funded through USAID as a ""military venture"" is absurd.  &gt;If the contractors weren’t really required but were hired anyway….I don’t know how that’s defended.  Of course that occurred. The government is incredibly wasteful. An example that actually involved security contractors is the one I already gave. 10 Ugandans to stand around a checkpoint (1 or 2 of them lazily checking the drivers credentials or slowly walking around the vehicle pretending they know what they are looking for), another 2 to standby for whatever, and the last 6-7 to literally do nothing. The same job can be done by 2 U.S. personnel.  So you have +8 bodies, +192 manhours per day, but you have a net cost decrease. That's why it was done, and that's why the total personnel count in and of itself does not tell much of a story."
Huh? You reserve your room just like Airbnb and then check in anytime. Most big hotels have a desk staffed 24/7. With Airbnb you and the host have to prearrange a time. And if you're late and the host has somewhere else to be...  Lucky hosts we had were understanding and left the key under the mat.
I think you don't understand the Boston area.  Sure Boston has tight roads, but only certain areas.  The seaport is pretty much a grid now.  Also, Amazon most likely won't be building a campus in any city center.  Whether they go to Toronto or Pittsburg or Austin, they will be building on the outskirts of the city or a place where there is land.  Even Austin doesn't have land right in the downtown.  Boston is like the city center of all those other cities.  You could build an entire campus from the ground up 15 miles from the center of Boston and not need to deal with traffic or tight roads or any issues you mentioned.  I mean, they're building a Wynn casino 3 miles from the city center.  Boston is a tiny land area.  If you plopped the land area of Toronto on Boston it would encompass a ton of towns that aren't boston.  And as for the location away from Seattle.  My assumption is that they want a second headquarters not near their old one.  Having an operations base on both coasts makes sense.  I don't know what their criteria are, but Boston and the greater Boston area has pretty much everything they would want.  Especially access to talent.
I work from home when I'm not on the road. I don't think I could go back to a desk job. Trust your employees to have discipline and do a good job and you will be rewarded. Those who abuse the system will be weeded out naturally.
"Here we go again! Why, oh why, would someone just open a bank account in your name with that much money for no good reason?  Unless there's a very rich relative in your family tree, this can not come to a good ending.  Besides, if this was money being left to you by someone as part of an inheritance, you'd hear from attorneys from the estate. Notwithstanding everything @NickR posted about the details of what makes it suspicious, ask yourself why a banker would contact you by email about an account with this much money in it.  The bank would, at the very least, send you a registered/certified letter on official stationery.   So what happens here is when you give them your banking information, whoever it is that's doing this will clean out your account, and that's for starters.   They will ask for enough information to steal your identity too, and if you have good credit, that'll be gone in a heartbeat. The best scams (meaning the most successful ones) always appeal to peoples' greed, using large amounts of money that just miraculously belong to the victim, if only they'd give a little information to ""transfer"" the money.   Worse yet, most of these scams will come up with some kind of ""fee"", ""tax"" or other expense that you have to pre-pay in order to make the transfer happen, so this just adds insult to injury when you find out (the hard way!) you've been scammed. DO NOT reply to the email you received or, if you already have, don't send any more responses.  If they think they may have you on the hook then they won't stop trying, and it will become very messy very quickly. THIS IS NOT REAL MONEY!  It isn't yours, it doesn't really exist, and all it will do is come to no good end if you go any further with it. Stay safe, my friend."
You need to give specific dates! In the United States, you have three years to file an amended tax return. https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/Ten-Facts-about-Amended-Tax-Returns Did the restaurant fail in 2012? If so, that's probably the year to take the loss. If you need to amend your 2012 return, which you filed in 2013, you should have until 2016 to file this. The exact date may be based on when you filed 2012 taxes!
"No because he is simply wrong. He wants to play around with definitions of intelligence to prove his point which is a big sign that just says bullshit. If he wants to get pedantic about the entire thing he should say ""verbal intelligence"" which even then is a dubious and still heavily debated claim. ""Intelligence"" is, at the very least, positively correlated with income."
"I hate to break it to you, but we have had this little thing called ""white flight"" since Eisenhower was president.  Most American cities are now burnt out ghettos.  People with high income potential don't want to live in them.  It has nothing to do with wealthy assholes.  Gangster thugs and the CIA have deliberately destroyed the tax base, because no one with any sense at all wants to be anywhere near them."
We have a ton of student loan debt (mostly mine) and right now, I'm on a strict 'replace' only budget.  I have some shirts I put elbow holes in that I'm only keeping around as a reminder to replace them.  I wait until there is a deal of some sort (50% off or BOGO Free) unless I really need it - a white dress shirt for job interviews for instance. Outside of that, make it a line item in your budget and decide when you will spend it. For example, budget $60/mo for it, but only spend it when it reaches $180 or $300 or either of those amounts AND a sale (memorial day is the next big shopping sale after Easter).  It is totally up to you. Waiting to replace two shirts (gray and green) and a pair of black dress pants.
It is important to understand that when or before you received services from your medical provider(s), you almost certainly signed a document stating that you understand that you are fully responsible for the entire bill, even though the provider  may be willing to bill the insurer on your behalf as a service. In almost all cases, this is the arrangement, so it is very unlikely that you will be able to dispute the validity of the bill, since you did receive the service and almost certainly agreed to be fully responsible for the payments. With regard to the discounts, your medical provides have likely contracted with your insurer to provide services at a certain price or discount level, so I would base all of your negotiations with the providers and/or the collectors on those amounts. They can't legitimately bill you for the full amount since you are insured by a company they have a contract with, and you are not self-pay/uninsured, and the fact that they haven't been paid by your insurer doesn't change that, because the discount likely depends on the contact they have with your insurer and not whether or not they are billed/paid by your insurer. Please note - this is a common arrangement, but I'd recommend that you verify this with your insurer. Unfortunately, payment in 90+ days is often typical by insurance standards, so it's not yet clear to me whether or not your insurer has broken any laws such as a Prompt Pay law, or violated the terms of your policy with them (read it!). However, you need to find out which claims rep/adjuster is handling your claims and follow up with them until the payments are made. It's not personal, so make this person's life miserable until it is done and call them so often that they know it's you by the caller ID. I would also recommend contacting the collector(s), and letting them know that you don't have the money and so will not be able to pay, provide them with copies of the EOBs that state that the insurance company plans to pay the providers, and then ignore their calls/letters until the payments are made. When they call, simply reiterate that you don't have the money and that your insurance company is in the process of paying the bills. You have to expect that you will be dealing with a low-paid employee that is following a script. You are just the next person on their robo-call list, and they are not going to understand that you don't have a pile of money laying around with which to pay them, even if you tell them repeatedly. Make sure that you at no point give them access to any of your financial accounts, such as a checking or savings account, or a debit card - they will access it and clean you out. It is likely that your insurance provider will pay the providers directly since they were likely billed by the providers originally. If the providers have sold the debt to the collectors (and are not just employing a collector for debt they still own), you may have to follow up with the providers as well and make sure that the collection activity stops, since the providers may also need to forward the payments to the collectors once they are paid by the insurance company. Of course, if the insurer refuses to pay the claims, at that point I would recommend meeting with a lawyer to seek to force them to pay.
I think that was the initial theme of the thread in the other comments. If they are losing the game on pricing which they are to online retailers. They need to excel where they can which is service (the most popular gripe on reddit is the moster cables/employees who dont know anything) they can fix this easy by not hiring morons or normal smart people and forcing them to lie and stop scamming the few customers they have. This is where circuit city failed. They fired the smart commission employees replaced them with cheap salesbots 3000 and they lost the customers they had to online. Best Buy is just a rinse and repeat of this.
"I have done several days of additional research on this and found out that it appears I can deduct the cost of the books against a single year's royalty income by claiming a Section 179 deduction. The steps are as follows: (1) Write the maximum amount of property you can claim under section 179 on line 1 of Form 4562. (2) Add up the total cost of section 179 property you began using during the tax year, including books, and record the amount on line 2. (3) Write the limit of your deductions on line 3. (4) Subtract the amount on line 2 from the amount on line 3 and record it on line 4. If line 3 is larger than line 2, simply write ""0"" on line 4, then subtract the amount on line 4 from the amount on line 1 and record on line 5. Step 5 (5) Describe the property and books on line 6 and record the cost of each in section b. Write the amount of the expense you are claiming for each item in section c of line 6. You can claim the entire cost of the books. (6) Add the amount in line 6 c to any amounts on line 7 and write the total on line 8. Write either the amount on line 8 or the amount on 5 on line 9, depending on which is smaller. (7) Write the amount of your Schedule C income on line 11, unless it is greater than $500,000. On line 12, write the amount of your deduction, which is the total of line 9 plus any carry-over you may have had from the previous year. (8) Record the amount of your deduction for section 179 books and property on line 13 of your Schedule C, not line 22. Include form 4562 when you hand in your tax return. source: ""How to Deduct Books for Self-Employed"" by Emily Weller"
So are you saying property rights in these struggling African countries are lacking then? I'm just curious what your opinion is. I do believe property rights do give people an unparalleled incentive to improve the things around them, since they feel ownership
In many countries it is a legal requirement or in some other way mandatory for the banks to ban the owner(s) of an account to allow a third party to use the account. In some countries if you willing give someone access in this way you get no compensation what so ever and you'll be lucky if they catch the crooks and even luckier if you get any of your money back. Don't forget the possibility of jail time due to the criminal activities going on under your name.
The problem with the cash value is that it's really slow to accumulate. For the first many years you'll just be paying premiums which are front loaded until the insurance company gets their money back. Whole life is NOT an investment, regardless of what your 'advisor' says. It's insurance, and expensive insurance at that.
The Avalanche method does not work because most people don't have enough money to make an avalanche.  If you somehow had a windfall that was greater or equal to your highest credit card balance, then by all means pay that one off.   However, most people do not have that kind of situation.  Instead they should use the debt snow ball method.  They only have regular income that is typically much smaller then the balances. Another part of your plan that is especially troubling is that you are continuing to utilize credit cards.  You need to cut them up, and stop using them.  First of course save $1000 for a small emergency fund, the pay them off smallest to largest.  Do a budget each and every month.  Work an extra job or three.  Any extra money that hubby brings in goes towards one of the credit cards. BTW you don't have a math problem you have a behavior problem.
As you mentioned in the title, what you're asking about comes down to volatility.  DCA when purchasing stock is one way of dealing with volatility, but it's only profitable if the financial instrument can be sold higher than your sunk costs.  Issues to be concerned with: Let's suppose you're buying a stock listed on the NYSE called FOO (this is a completely fake example).  Over the last six days, the average value of this stock was exactly $1.00Note 1.  Over six trading days you put $100 per day into this stockNote 2: At market close on January 11th, you have 616 shares of FOO.  You paid $596.29 for it, so your average cost (before fees) is: $596.29 / 616 = $0.97 per share Let's look at this including your trading fees: ($596.29 + $30) / 616 = $1.01 per share. When the market opens on January 12th, the quote on FOO could be anything.  Patents, customer wins, wars, politics, lawsuits, press coverage, etc... could cause the value of FOO to fluctuate.  So, let's just roll with the assumption that past performance is consistent: Selling FOO at $0.80 nets: (616 * $0.80 - $5) - ($596.29 + $30) =  $123.49 Loss Selling FOO at $1.20 nets: (616 * $1.20 - $5) - ($596.29 + $30) =  $107.90 Profit Every day that you keep trading FOO, those numbers get bigger (assuming FOO is a constant value).  Also remember, even if FOO never changes its average value and volatility, your recoverable profits shrink with each transaction because you pay $5 in fees for every one. Speaking from experience, it is very easy to paper trade.  It is a lot harder when you're looking at the ticker all day when FOO has been $0.80 - $0.90 for the past four days (and you're $300 under water on a $1000 portfolio).  Now your mind starts playing nasty games with you. If you decide to try this, let me give you some free advice: Unless you have some research (such as support / resistance information) or data on why FOO is a good buy at this price, let's be honest: you're gambling with DCA, not trading. END NOTES:
"According to the IRS, it appears there is no issue in a spouse under EE or EE+Child(ren) coverage contributing to an FSA while you contribute to an HSA under an EE Only HDHP account: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-drop/rr-05-25.pdf ""In Situation 1, H has HDHP self-only coverage and no other health coverage, is not enrolled in Medicare and may not be claimed as a dependent on another taxpayer’s return. Although W has non-HDHP family coverage, H is not covered under that health plan. H is therefore an eligible individual as defined in section 223(c)(1). The special rules for married individuals under section 223(b)(5) do not apply because W’s nonHDHP family coverage does not cover H. Thus, H remains an eligible individual and H may contribute up to $2,000 to an HSA (lesser of the HDHP deductible for self-only coverage or $2,650) for 2005. H may not make the catch-up contribution under section 223(b)(3) because H is not age 55 in 2005. W has non-HDHP coverage and is therefore not an eligible individual."" Some more information directly from IRS form 969 published for 2015 tax returns: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p969.pdf Qualifying for an HSA To be an eligible individual and qualify for an HSA, you must meet the following requirements. You must be covered under a high deductible health plan (HDHP), described later, on the first day of the month. You have no other health coverage except what is permitted under Other health coverage, later. You are not enrolled in Medicare. You cannot be claimed as a dependent on someone else's 2015 tax return. Under the last-month rule, you are considered to be an eligible individual for the entire year if you are an eligible individual on the first day of the last month of your tax year (December 1 for most taxpayers). If you meet these requirements, you are an eligible individual even if your spouse has non-HDHP family coverage, provided your spouse's coverage does not cover you."
The numbers you have quoted don't add up. For Rs 30,000 / month is 3,60,000 a year. The tax should be around 11,000 again this will be reduced by the contributions to PF. You have indicated a tax deductions of 18,000. There are multiple ways to save taxes. Since you are beginner, investments into section 80C should give you required tax benefits. Please read this article in Economic Times
Cars are not houses.  The comparison is apples to oranges.   Bad car loans actually can be good business for car dealers.  When someone defaults on their car loan they very quickly lose the car.  That car is then resold.   Default on a home loan and you don't even have to leave the house, and there is no way for them to take the house back from you.  It often takes a year or two for the bank and lawyers to get you kicked out of the house.   A car however is on wheels, it can easily be moved and taken back.  This article is some poorly researched 'sky is falling' click-bait.
Save a little if you want but pay most of your way through college if you can.  Debt sucks bad and I try to avoid as little as possible.  I'm willing to bet that any money you invested while in school would be trumped by a only a few hours of overtime once you're out of college and making money (assuming you've chosen a path that is valuable today and through most of your future).  I worked full time and attended school full time when I was in college..those 3-4 hour nights of sleep were worth it not that I see people paying $1k/month for the next 10 years on loans... assuming you can handle it.
Your employer pays the expected (but estimated) taxes for you. So the chances are you don't own more; but that might be different if you have other sources of income that he doesn't know about (interest on savings or a side-job or whatever). Also, you could have deductions that reduce the taxes you owe, which he again doesn't know, so you overpay. If you don't file, you don't get them back. Most tax software companies offer free usage of their tool for standard filings, and you can use it to find out your tax situation, and then buy the tool only when you want to file. If you use one of those, you can type in all your data, and depending on the result, decide to buy it and file right away. Note that if it turns out you owe taxes, you must file (and pay), but of course you can do it manually instead of buying the tool. If it turns out you get money back, it is your decision to file - you probably don't care for a small amount, but if you get 1000 $ back, you might want to file - again, buying the software of doing it manually.
One more thing to favor the card. Extended warranty, or damage coverage. An iPad, if dropped on a hard surface, stands a good chance of breaking. Apple isn't going to cover that, as it's not a defect. Many credit cards offer free coverage for breakage of this type as well as doubling the warranty up to a year. This second year of coverage is worth about 10% of the item cost.  To be clear, I'm talking about running the expense through a card and paying in full, some call it credit no different than those who carry a balance month to month and pay 18% interest. I believe if I have the money to spend on an item, and use the card to get that coverage along with the benefits others posted, it's a convenience, nothing more. Some people who use certain budgeting methods like to set up a payment each week so the bill comes in close to zero. Whatever works.
You can invoice your advertisers and use the date of the invoice for tax purposes.  Some advertisers may want to pay monthly, weekly etc so that would require multiple entries as income on the relevant dates.
For some reason, I've always had a negative feeling about Chase; I don't really know why, but I think I'll continue to avoid them.  :)  My banks seem to be West Coast banks, mainly Wells Fargo who I've used since the 70s (because they had a small branch in Yosemite Valley, a place I frequented at that time).  I haven't had as much luck with other banks, mainly HSBC which I used briefly.  Maybe the west coast banks are more laid back or something.    Or maybe it's just Chase being incompetent.  Banks like that deserve to fail.
I have a different take on this. If it would only take 3 months to save up to pay for it, line up the work now. Shop with your spouse to find the exact floor you want. By the time you hire the store to do the install, a month will have gone by, by the time the charge bill comes in, you'll be able to pay 2/3 off, and pay in full next month. Note: I see this was asked in December. For those carrying no debt at all, I'm not adverse to a purchase of this type getting partially floated on a credit card for a month or two. Not a pair of shoes, or golf clubs, but a kitchen floor? The $10 interest is worth it to not walk over a ripped up floor in your home.
"Aside from the funky/retro thing, Polaroid still has one thing that hasn't been accomplished with digital: Instant unaltered records.  Insurance companies used polaroid film because a polaroid in a file was a guarantee that the picture was an accurate representation. With developed film, you could always ""edit"" things out in the darkroom. With digital, the path from shutter to print offers more option for cheating than every before.  We *can* fix this in the digital world, but haven't so far - and until we do, Polaroid still has a place."
Funny, I warned everyone on Reddit to short Facebook before the IPO - [MULTIPLE TIMES](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/txj48/facebook_stock_down_by_10_in_15_minutes_of/c4qo194) - and no one wrote a USA Today article about me.  In fact, before the stock tanked, I had 100% downvotes from all you honest Redditors...
Well I mean there's no perfect solution. Women being disadvantaged is just a result of biology, and there's only so much you can do. It's even possible that mandatory paternity is a net negative for society as a whole due to less productivity at the expense of greater equality.
You should examine the letter more closely.  Most letters in this area are ones which inform you of a proposed settlement of a class action (not the initiation of a class action), and that you may be a member of the class.  A main point of such a letter is normally that if you take no action, you will be included in the settlement class.   Usually there are no major consequences to not opting out of the class other than you will lose the ability to get a lawyer and sue the defendants for the actions in question. To obtain benefits from the settlement, you will typically be required to submit documentation of the nature of your membership in the class.  This may be easy or hard.  The benefits are described in the materials, and could be substantial but usually are close to trivial, such as a coupon for $10 off when purchasing another product from the defendant.
Advertising on the internet is dead. It's dying. People just haven't accepted that yet. Ad blockers are going to become increasingly common, not less common, and all of the methods used to attack ad blockers are seen as hostile toward the consumer. That stuff is going to become passe in time. 13 years is nothing. You must be young.
Основно, ние предоставяме най-добрата банка за захранване и USB флаш устройство. Ако искате да Power банка за мобилни, Тогава можете да дойдете на нашия уеб сайт компания. Много непрекъсваеми токозахранващи устройства са предназначени да тестват своите батерии на всеки 24 часа и ще чуят звукова сигнализация, ако бъде открита неизправност или състояние на батерията. Как работи това е, че тестът натоварва набора от акумулаторни батерии и се наблюдава мониторинг на разреждането. Това е основен тип тест, обаче, и не може да се разчита, за да даде подробности - освен цялостна индикация за състоянието на комплекта батерии. Външните батерии обикновено се уравновесяват, но отделните блокове батерии могат да се повредят по-рано от другите и да не могат да поддържат разумно ниво на зареждане, което може да доведе до пълна загуба на батерията при условия на натоварване и енергийни банкови услуги.
"In a Traditional IRA contributions are often tax-deductible. For instance, if a taxpayer contributes $4,000 to a traditional IRA and is in the twenty-five percent marginal tax bracket, then a $1,000 benefit ($1,000 reduced tax liability) will be realized for the year. So that's why they tax you as income, because they didn't tax that income before. If a taxpayer expects to be in a lower tax bracket in retirement than during the working years, then this is one advantage for using a Traditional IRA vs a Roth. Distributions are taxed as ordinary income. So it depends on your tax bracket  UPDATE FOR COMMENT: Currently you may have heard on the news about ""the fiscal cliff"" - CNBC at the end of the year. This is due to the fact that the Bush tax-cuts are set to expire and if they expire. Many tax rates will change. But here is the info as of right now: Dividends: From 2003 to 2007, qualified dividends were taxed at 15% or 5% depending on the individual's ordinary income tax bracket, and from 2008 to 2012, the tax rate on qualified dividends was reduced to 0% for taxpayers in the 10% and 15% ordinary income tax brackets. After 2012, dividends will be taxed at the taxpayer's ordinary income tax rate, regardless of his or her tax bracket. - If the Bush tax cuts are allowed to expire. - Reference - Wikipedia Capital Gains tax rates can be seen here - the Capital Gains tax rate is relative to your Ordinary Income tax rate For Example: this year long term gains will be 0% if you fall in the 15% ordinary tax bracket. NOTE: These rates can change every year so any future rates might be different from the current year."
how could I transfer the money from UK There are multiple ways, walk into your Bank and ask them to wire transfer to the Bank Account in India. You would need the SWIFT BIC of Bank in India, Account Number, etc. Quite a few Banks [State bank of India, HDFC, ICICI etc] also offer remittance service. Visit their website for more details. does it cost the tax and how much Assuming your status is NRI [Non Resident], there is no tax implications of this in India.
"the auto industry maybe has to worry about safety standards, however these standards have been set for decades. It's not like they're making new ""kinds"" of cars that would be unsafe by adopting a completely different design or principle. But for drugs, every mechanism in health is different. A body is much more complex and still not completely understood, so while you may have a drug that can affect a certain biological pathway, it may also destroy another that you may not notice until 10 years from now when it's too late. The company would then have to pay a settlement, such as [Merck and Vioxx](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5470430) resulting in a ~$5 billion loss.  Pharma isn't cheap to research, which is why pharma research is dying :("
Based on that logic, go to a casino and bet it all on black...you have a better chance of being right...certainly it will minimize the duration of the pain...   I hope to gonzo that you have better research behind this decision than a simple feeling...don't forget that with options it doesn't matter if you are right or wrong as to if gold will drop or go up in price...what matters is WHEN that will happen...options have a limited life...If you think this is a bubble then so be it, but make sure you have done your homework with regard to TIMEFRAME!
So if I understand your plan right, this will be your situation after the house is bought: Total Debt: 645,000 Here's what I would do: Wait until your house sells before buying a new one.  That way you can take the equity from that sale and apply it towards the down payment rather than taking a loan on your retirement account.   If something happens and your house doesn't sell for as mush as you think it will, you'll lose out on the gains from the amount you borrow, which will more than offset the interest you are paying yourself. AT WORST, pay off the 401(k) loan the instant your sale closes. Take as much of the remaining equity as you can and start paying down student loans.  There are several reasons why they are a higher priority than a mortgage - some are mathematical, some are not. Should I look to pay off student loans sooner (even if I refi at a lower rate of 3.5% or so), or the mortgage earlier ...   My thoughts are that the student loans follow me for life, but I can always sell and buy another home So you want this baggage for the rest of your life?  How liberating will it be when you get that off your back?  How much investing are you missing out on because of student loan payments?  What happens if you get lose your license?  What if you become disabled?  Student loans are not bankruptable, but you can always sell the asset behind a mortgage or car loan.  They are worse than credit card debt in that sense.  You have no tangible asset behind it and no option for forgiveness (unless you decide to practice in a high-need area, but I don't get the sense that that's your path). The difference in interest is generally only a few payment' worth over 15 years. Is the interest amortized the same as a 15 year if I pay a 30 year mortgage in 15 years?  Yes, however the temptation to just pay it off over 30 years is still there.  How often will you decide that a bigger car payment, or a vacation, or something else is more important?  With a 15-year note you lock in a plan and stick to it. Some other options:
"I don't recommend balance transfers. Like many credit card things, they distract you with shiny (""0 percent interest!"") and ream you on a 'balance transfer fee'.  If you have a decent credit score and working relationship, talk to banks about opening what's called a 'signature loan,' and use that to shift the debt to a lower rate. A local credit union advertises rates 'as low as' 9.75 percent. Which is itself a shiny that you may not qualify for.  The really low loans rates you see are secured loans; if you don't pay, they can take the collateral."
"Traders = every market participant. Not some shadow figure that excludes you just because you passively drop cash into a 401k Vanguard fund every paycheck. So yes, if everyone stopped trading then the price won't move. Trades are 100% responsible for the prices you see on charts and tickers. A stock won't be worth ""$100"" if nobody ever traded $100 for it. It only has that price now or in the past because somebody placed an order for it at $100 and somebody else filled that order at $100"
"Yes, you can certainly keep it in a savings account until you spend it. You'll get much less interest than you will be paying on the loan, but it will be better than nothing. However, you may want to ask if you can use the loan flexibly instead - i.e. only ""draw down"" the money you need when you need it, and not start paying interest until that happens. That would save you a lot more money. Note that the ISA limit is currently £5,760 and the limit is on total deposits so you won't be able to reuse the amount later in the tax year. Since that ends on April 5th that probably won't be an issue for you."
There are loan options for those in your situation.  It is very common.  I am a licensed loan officer nmls 1301324 and have done many loans just like this.  Your schooling is counted as your work history Contrary to popular belief.  We want to write loans and guidelines are easing.  Banks are a different story and their loan officers aren't licensed.  If you talk to a bank you aren't getting an educated loan officer.  They also have what are called overlays that make guidelines stricter.
"From the way you frame the question it sounds like you more or less know the answer already. Yes - you can make a non-deductable contribution to a traditional IRA and convert it to a Roth IRA. Here is Wikipedia's explanation: Regardless of income but subject to contribution limits, contributions can be made to a Traditional IRA and then converted to a Roth IRA.[10] This allows for ""backdoor"" contributions where individuals are able to avoid the income limitations of the Roth IRA. There is no limit to the frequency with which conversions can occur, so this process can be repeated indefinitely. One major caveat to the entire ""backdoor"" Roth IRA contribution process, however, is that it only works for people who do not have any pre-tax contributed money in IRA accounts at the time of the ""backdoor"" conversion to Roth; conversions made when other IRA money exists are subject to pro-rata calculations and may lead to tax liabilities on the part of the converter. [9] Do note the caveat in the second paragraph. This article explains it more thoroughly: The IRS does not allow converters to specify which dollars are being converted as they can with shares of stock being sold; for the purposes of determining taxes on conversions the IRS considers a person’s non-Roth IRA money to be a single, co-mingled sum. Hence, if a person has any funds in any non-Roth IRA accounts, it is impossible to contribute to a Traditional IRA and then “convert that account” to a Roth IRA as suggested by various pundits and the Wikipedia piece referenced above – conversions must be performed on a pro-rata basis of all IRA money, not on specific dollars or accounts. Say you have $20k of pre-tax assets in a traditional IRA, and make a non-deductable contribution of $5k. The account is now 80% pre-tax assets and 20% post-tax assets, so if you move $5k into a Roth IRA, $4k of it would be taxed in the conversion. The traditional IRA would be left with $16k of pre-tax assets and $4k of post-tax assets."
Your quote: There's about 10 trillion in gold  and about 2.8 trillion of US cash  in the world. Neither of these is anywhere large enough to be used for all the transactions in the world.  So how was it commercial banks could lend like crazy for home mortgages??  M1 remaind constant throughout the decade and years , if frac multiplier effect was the cause for m2, why wasn't it until the 2000s that m2 became exponential?   Commercial Banks able to create credit and lend out of thin air to customers thanks to deregulation that caused m2 to explode.  They didn't need no FED.  They didin't need no reserves.  They were able to act regardless of the FED.  The FED responded to them, instead of the other way around.    Before deregulation banks didn't bother creating too much credit loans coz it was too dangerous, they were mostly utilty banks.   After deregulation, creation of exotic derivatives, low interest rates, and high speed internet globalized digital trading,  they went crazy creating credit out of thin air coz it wasn't dangerous because they could sell the home loans.
One way is to think of a REIT as a fully managed portfolio of real estate investments. Risks and returns are averaged across the real estate portfolio and managed by experts, possibly industry leading experts.  REITs have a well documented track record you can research - most individuals do not. Many individuals have learned a hard lesson or two while attempting to generate passive income with real estate. Conversely, some people derive a great deal of satisfaction from owning real estate and have a true passion to do so.  Plus, if you are expecting interest rates to raise and/or rate of inflation to increase in the next 30 years, you may benefit from the financing aspects of the investment as well.  There are some regions/ opportunities that seem to do better than the average REIT a majority of the time, but may not be desirable to you or fit into your budget for various reasons. I'm not sure what your level of experience, knowledge or financial situation , but for everyone considering, there are many additional things to know about investment property compared to a primary residence.  A good place to start with REITs is the prospectus of one that interests you.  Research their holdings, create a model, or otherwise make a connection with the REIT before clicking buy.
If I were these people, I would be getting those target cards out of my hands ASAP.  Since the legalese specified the promotion was not valid on gift cards, they probably have some kind of legal right to deactivate these cards and refund the transactions (whether they try to do this probably depends on how much they got taken for...).
I think dying is too strong a word for sell-side ER. There's no question it's shrinking though. Dying implies it's going to be dead. I believe it will carry on but at a reduced level.  Sell-side equity research derives it's revenues in a really arcane way. It can no longer benefit from i-banking revenues so it's dependent on trading volume. Trading volume is way down so that income is also shrinking.  At the same time, a lot of equity research shops have just become conduits between the buy-side and management. Their research product isn't great.  So why do I think sell-side ER will stick around? Because there are some BBs and independent shops doing real research work that provides value to the buyside. Their product has value. The buyside knows it. Demand for the research from these firms will continue.  If you're really interested in ER, I think you need to start to understand the difference between places doing good ER and bad ER. If you go into a good ER shop and learn how to be a good equity research analyst, you have a valuable skill.   I'm not going to try to paint a rosy picture of the er industry but understand the best time to get your foot in the door is when everybody else is running away. If the industry can tough it out, you'll be in a good spot.
Remember when you got bodied for pretending you understood more about linguistics than you did? Because you maybe skimmed a wikipedia page on Chomsky and thought the criticism there meant people didn't respect him as a linguist? And published authors in the field took you to task for an hour?   If you don't, maybe you should. It feels relevant.
What subsidies are you talking about?  From wikipedia:  &gt;&gt;'The USPS has not directly received taxpayer-dollars since the early 1980s with the minor exception of subsidies for costs associated with the disabled and overseas voters'    More like small businesses are grateful there is a service they don't have to pay excessive administrative taxes to use and are sad the greed in the US is going to wreck yet another piece. The value of privatization is such a horrible scam.
I'll play devils advocate even though i agree that they are overvalued.  EPS is expected to go from .43 in 2016 to $1.20 2017 followed by $1.90 in 2018, this means they are expected to grow at 110% a year over the next two years, an many experts think they will continue to grow at 30-40% a year after that. Now many people don't think a stock is expensive until it hits a PE of 2x its growth rate, if we use a growth rate of 110% then they won pay more than 220x earnings. assuming they are using this years earnings estimates since the year is already more than half over that puts a valuation of $264 per share. If they use a 4 year estimates that EPS will grow at 72% a year the valuation is $172.8.  Before people berate me i don't value stocks in this manner i use DCF, but alot of people who are looking for an easy way out will look at it this way.
Thank you this response introduced me to a lot of new information to research.   I find this a lot more rational than a lot of the replies on here, purely because I don't believe there's a large enough intrinsic difference between people of different races that it would make or break entire countries. I know plenty of unsuccessful white people and plenty of successful black people, I just don't think racism is rational IMO.  Following the money like this is really illustrative of what is truly plaguing these countries. As someone else said and I now believe to be true after reading a little, I think there's a huge huge grown potential in these countries if the governments can get their shit together.
The main factor should be what sorts of emergencies you are trying and also need to protect yourself against. Overall I'd say at least 6-9 months of expenses, adjusted for the above factors. More might be better but I'd probably keep that in a different type of investment vehicle, mainly because it doesn't really need to be accessible instantaneously like your normal emergency fund would need to be.
I'm guessing you're conflating bonus share issuance with stock split.  That seems very common to me, from a quick search; there's even some issues of terminology between the US and Europe, I think - it seems some Europeans may use Bonus Shares to mean Stock Split, as opposed to the more common meaning in the US of Stock Dividend. Sometimes a bonus share issuance is (incorrectly) called a stock split, like in this public announcement from STADA in 2004.  It is a 1:1 bonus share issuance (meaning they issue one bonus share to everyone who has one share now), but it is in essence the same thing as a stock split (a 2:1 stock split, namely).  They combined the 1:1 from bonus share with the wording 'split', causing the confusion. Bonus share issuance, also known as a stock dividend, is covered well in this question/answer on this site, or from a search online.  It has no obvious effect initially - both involve doubling shares out there and halving the price - but it has a substantially different treatment in terms of accounting, both to the company and to your tax accountant.
What you're missing is the continuous compounding computation doesn't work that way.  If you compound over n periods of time and a rate of return of r, the formula is e^(r*n), as you have to multiply the returns together with a mulitplicative base of 1.  Otherwise consider what 0 does to your formula.  If I get a zero return, I have a zero result which doesn't make sense.  However, in my formula I'd still get the 1 which is what I'm starting and thus the no effect is the intended result. Continuous compounding would give e^(-.20*12) = e^(-2.4) = .0907 which is a -91% return so for each $100 invested, the person ends up with $9.07 left at the end.  It may help to picture that the function e^(-x) does asymptotically approach zero as x tends to infinity, but that is as bad as it can get, so one doesn't cross into the negative unless one wants to do returns in a Complex number system with imaginary numbers in here somehow. For those wanting the usual compounding, here would be that computation which is more brutal actually: For your case it would be (1-.20)^12=(0.8)^12=0.068719476736 which is to say that someone ends up with 6.87% in the end.  For each $100 had in the beginning they would end with $6.87 in the end. Consider someone starting with $100 and take 20% off time and time again you'd see this as it would go down to $80 after the first month and then down to $64 the second month as the amount gets lower the amount taken off gets lower too.  This can be continued for all 12 terms.  Note that the second case isn't another $20 loss but only $16 though it is the same percentage overall. Some retail stores may do discounts on discounts so this can happen in reality.  Take 50% off of something already marked down 50% and it isn't free, it is down 75% in total.  Just to give a real world example where while you think a half and a half is a whole, taking half and then half of a half is only three fourths, sorry to say.  You could do this with an apple or a pizza if you want a food example to consider. Alternatively, consider the classic up and down case where an investment goes up 10% and down 10%.  On the surface, these should cancel and negate each other, right?  No, in fact the total return is down 1% as the computation would be (1.1)(.9)=.99 which is slightly less than 1. Continuous compounding may be a bit exotic from a Mathematical concept but the idea of handling geometric means and how compounding returns comes together is something that is rather practical for people to consider.
This is nonsense and just a game to squeeze more money from consumers.  A convential car needs to change oil every so often. You get a warning light in the dashboard for that in most cars.   If you decide to not change oil as needed, it's your business and your problem that you shortened your car's life.  Do you want conventional cars to stop working when oil change is due?   Basically Tesla is crippeling the car and does not let the consumer to FULLY use the car they own, if they choose to do that.
These are some pretty basic and well-known techniques using NLP that have been studied for years in academic journals. It's interesting, but the article makes it seem like no one had ever thought of this before.
A bigger down payment is good, because it insulates you from the swings in the real estate market.  If you get FHA loan with 3% down and end up being forced to move during a down market, you'll be in a real bind, as you'll need to scrape up some cash or borrow funds to get out of your mortgage.
"You can definitely open an IRA and roll the money over. I suggest instead of trying opening online calling the institution and asking what would be the procedure in your specific case. If not, I will have to cash out my 401K. Who do I contact to find out   if my country has some sort of deal with the US in regards to taxes? I   would of course prefer to not pay the penalty (20 % federal + 10 %   state tax), and instead reinvest the money in a retirement fund in my   country. US embassies some times have listings of tax advisers who work with US expats in the countries they cover. You can check for such a list on the website of your local US embassy. These people will be able to answer this question. However it is highly unlikely that you'll be able to avoid the tax and penalty in the US in this scenario. It is not likely that you could ""roll-over"" into a foreign retirement fund (from your country's laws perspective), but maybe your country has some solution for this."
Concerning the Broker: eToro is authorized and registered in Cyprus by the Cyprus Securities Exchange Commission (CySEC). Although they are regulated by Cyprus law, many malicious online brokers have opened shop there because they seem to get along with the law while they rip off customers. Maybe this has changed in the last two years, personally i did not follow the developments. eToro USA is regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and thus doing business in a good regulated environment. Of course the CFTC cannot see into the future, so some black sheep are getting fined and even their license revoked every now and then. It has no NFA Actions: http://www.nfa.futures.org/basicnet/Details.aspx?entityid=45NH%2b2Upfr0%3d Concerning the trade instrument: Please read the article that DumbCoder posted carefully and in full because it contains information you absolutely have to have if you are to do anything with Contract for difference (CFD). Basically, a CFD is an over the counter product (OTC) which means it is traded between two parties directly and not going through an exchange. Yes, there is additional risk compared to the stock itself, mainly: To trade a CFD, you sign a contract with your broker, which in almost all cases allows the broker A CFD is just a derivative financial instrument which allows speculating / investing in an asset without trading the actual asset itself. CFDs do not have to mirror the underlying asset's price and price movement and can basically have any price because the broker quotes you independently of the underlying. If you do not know how all this works and what the instrument / vehicle actually is and how it works; and do not know what to look for in a broker, please do not trade it. Do yourself a favor and get educated, inform yourself, because otherwise your money will be gone fast. Marketing campaigns such as this are targeted at people who do not have the knowledge required and thus lose a significant portion (most of the time all) of their deposits. Answer to the actual question: No, there is no better way. You can by the stock itself, or a derivative based on it. This means CFDs, options or futures. All of them require additional knowledge because they work differently than the stock. TL;DR: DumbCoder is absolutely right, do not do it if you do not know what it is about. EDIT: Revisiting this answer and reading the other answers, i realize this sounds like derivatives are bad in general. This is absolutely not the case, and i did not intend it to sound this way. I merely wanted to emphasize the point that without sufficient knowledge, trading such products is a great risk and in most cases, should be avoided.
You'd invest through NASDAQ OTC market--I use Vanguard and it allows me to invest through there; I'm sure other online brokers have it too. If you search the companies you'll see the listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ OTC. The prices will be different--just because it goes up in HK doesn't mean it goes up in NASDAQ. There are also a few listed in the US--SINA, Weibo Corp., JD.com.  From there, start looking at the major Chinese tech companies to see what they're worth.
"&gt; But that rise has only been large enough to cancel out the slight fall in the 2000s under Helen Clark, when Working for Families and other schemes tilted the balance back towards fairness.  I don't think you help your case when your argument says literally ""large enough to cancel out...fairness."""
"I believe it's still pretty general, and just mentions life sciences as a possible use. Some of the course may be in that context. The ""difficulty"" on the side says the course is intermediate, so there might be a possibility that it'll be maybe a little rough for beginners to R, and possibly very difficult for beginners to programming on the whole."
Do not confuse the DIV (%) value and the dividend yield. As you can see from this page, the DIV (%) is, as you say, 165%.  However, the dividend yield is 3.73% at the time of writing.  As the Investopedia page referenced above says: The payout ratio is calculated as follows: Annual Dividends per Share / Earnings per Share. which means that the dividends being paid out are more than the earnings of the company: In extreme cases, dividend payout ratios exceed 100%, meaning more dividends were paid out than there were profits that year. Significantly high ratios are unsustainable.
"&gt; If he's also a top notch electrician, I listen to him when he gives me electrical wiring advice, I just don't let him choose where we go for dinner.  ""Now most folks will tell you that fuses are rated for 20 Amps, but they're just being over-cautious. I go to 25 and even 30 Amps all the time with no problem""  Do you trust *that* electrical opinion? Does his restaurant choice affect how you feel about it?   Compare that to another friend who steered you away from another restaurant because he ""heard someone got sick there once."" He also drives the car rated #1 for safety and can tell you exactly why. He always lectures you for riding a bicycle without a helmet, and offers to sharpen your kitchen knives because a sharp knife is less likely to slip and cut your finger.   When *that* guy says you can go to 30A on a fuse, how do you feel about his opinion as an electrician?   Still say that non-electrician decisions have zero bearing on how you feel about his abilities as an electrician?   BTW, I'm done here. I've made my point. We can agree to disagree."
Funny, cause from where I'm at, it's rare for a brick and mortar to beat Amazon's prices. Best buy,  RC willey, Walmart, Target, etc, none compare to the service, price, convenience, that I can get from Amazon. Take for example last month. I purchased 2 chromecasts in 2 weeks, then they dropped the price from 35 to 30, I got on the chat, in 5 minutes I had a refund of 5$ on both them. They not only price match others, but they stand behind what they sell much much better then any brick and mortar I've been in.
A pattern of high level people buying or selling is a sign, positive or negative. An individual, not so much. He can be selling to diversify, trying to keep his investments from being all in the company. He can be selling to pay his large bills. Same reasons any of us might be selling an investment to have cash to use.
"Wells Fargo uses a service called clearXchange (update: it is now called Zelle) to do this transfer without an account number. This is the same service Bank of America uses, so when you configured your account to be linked to clearXchange, Wells Fargo customers can use it the same way Bank of America customers can.  This also applies to Chase bank. Since your bank is a member, they've integrated the service into your online bill pay: If your bank is a clearXchange member, you will need to use your current online or mobile banking service to send and receive payments. If you hadn't previously configured it through BofA, you'd have been taken to their site to register an account in order to receive the money, it seems. They explicitly point out here that they will automatically deposit any money you receive through their service without your having to ""accept"" the payment like you would from other P2P pay services.  If you don't want to use this service anymore, I suggest contacting your bank, but if they can't or won't help you, you can contact clearXchange customer service to have your account closed."
"You are obviously not listening at all. Where did I give the impression that I want politicians or the military or the ""security"" apparatus? Typical statist in one ear and out the other. You are so far off it isn't even funny. I would be opposed to anything forced on people by the government or voter's. I bet you still think there are only two sides to the debate. Shows how far out of the loop you really are. Head firmly in the clouds.  Edit.. I have looked at all the ""stuff"" you linked I bet you didn't bother at all to even listen to one of my sources. Because nothing matters except what you want and how you are going to force that on everyone around you. Little tyrant in the making.  I bet you make a lot of wrong assumptions in your life."
There is nothing called free lunch. The 2% fee indirectly covers the cost of funds and in effect would be a personal loan. Further the repayment period would typically be 3 months and roughly would translate into 7-9% loan depending of repayment schedule etc. There is no harm in trying to get the fee waived, however one thing can lead to another and they may even go and do an credit inquiry etc, so be cautious.
"Well, that's good and bad more regulation, but your not an agency your something better(IMHO) If the lawyer says yes, I'd scrub all mention of the word ""agency"". Being an ""employment business"" is part of your USP. You will presumable have to educate on why this is better, but you may as well use the protected words your entitled too and report any UK agencies calling themselves an employment business to try and undercut you.  Check with your branding/marketing advisors this could be key (Oh and please PM, your launch page/teaser when you get to it)"
It matters because that is the requirement for the 83(b) selection to be valid. Since the context is 83(b) election, I assume you got stocks/options as compensation and didn't pay for them the FMV, thus it should have been included in your income for that year. If you didn't include the election letter - I can only guess that you also didn't include the income. Hence - you lost your election. If you did include the income and paid the tax accordingly, or if no tax was due (you actually paid the FMV), you may try amending the return and attaching the letter, but I'd suggest talking to a professional before doing it on your own. Make sure to keep a proof (USPS certified mailing receipt) of mailing the letter within the 30 days window.
There are a number of UK banks that offer what passes for reasonable interest on an amount of cash held in their current accounts.  I would suggest that you look into these.  In the UK the first £1000 of bank or building society interest is paid tax-free for basic rate taxpayers (£500 for higher rate tax-payers) so if your interest income is below these levels then there is no point in investing in a cash ISA as the interest rate is often lower. At the moment Santander-123 bank account pays 1.5% on up to £20000 and Nationwide do 5% on up to £2500. A good source if information on the latest deals is Martin Lewis' Moneysaving Expert Website
you very well may know better than me, honestly; but with any volatile investment, it is necessarily hard to predict their intermediate term trends. that would be my only caution to you!  if you want speculative positions to hold, you might consider lower priced biopharms (though not pure penny positions). i made a bit of money on CCXI, for example. if you want more engagement/trading activity, consider tech trading or options (my personal favorite).
We live in a community, and as citizens we all have the right to shop in public shops and eat in public restaurants. If that right is abridged, then freedom is abridged. And the freedom to enjoy the public services of one's community is far more important than the freedom to deny services due to one's prejudice. Either way someone loses a bit of freedom. Which is more important? According to you the freedom to do what you will with your property outweighs any and all possible consequences of exercising that freedom. This is a very extreme viewpoint. I know because I once held it.  &gt;Go start a business and get back to us  Yeah I did that. 15 years ago and still going. And I actually hire people. You may not want to make too many assumptions about the person you are debating. As a business owner I would happily choose a world in which I had to hire the best qualified candidate regardless of my prejudices over one in which other business owners could arbitrarily refuse me services that are offered to the general public just because of who I am.  &gt;If a person is refused service for any reason, they can find another store, shop, or vendor.  And what if all the stores in your town have similar policies? Am I to drive to the next town every time I need to go shopping? What if all the shops within 1000 miles have discriminatory policies? How am I to live? The only reason you can make this argument is because of the success of the civil rights act. If it was repealed today you would likely be able to avoid racist restaurants and shops by going elsewhere. If it had never existed that would not be the case.  &gt;THERE IS NO EQUAL OPPORTUNITY IN LIFE FOR SUCCESS  That is why I very specifically said that all citizens must have a REALISTIC opportunity for success, and NOT that there should be EQUAL opportunity (impossible) or equal outcomes (ridiculous and counter-productive). What must be avoided is the creation of an economic status quo that ensures the poor remain poor and the rich remain rich. Such a status quo is just slavery without the whips. Even if the government is not enforcing the status quo, it can be just as hard to break free from.  &gt;Forceful acts by government are ALWAYS far worse than forceful acts in the private sector  It is the results of the act of force that matters, not its source or methodology. This once again is an argument from pure ideology. Because you believe that government force is always worse than the private sector, you are unable to see examples of how the private sector can limit our freedoms in even worse ways. Simply stating that government acts of force are always worse does not prove it so.  &gt;that's exactly where your collectivist sewer leads  I would argue that the centers of poverty you listed are much more a symptom of the systematic undercutting of education, social services and other support systems that once gave the underprivileged a realistic way to improve their lot in life. Now, with blue-collar wages on the decline and public education gutted, poverty gets more entrenched and harder to overcome. You really think it's going to get better for these people if we take away the minimum wage? Do away with public schools? Food stamps? Medicaid? Is there any point at which lack of social mobility becomes a more damaging than minor economic regulations? Is it OK to effectively return to the feudal system if it means nobody will ever have one penny taxed from them and given to someone who wasn't born rich? Nobody made you get born poor so there's no force and therefore everything is right and good? Such a shallow view of our moral obligations as members of a society.  We live in a society. Extreme individualism will lead only to self-destruction just as fast as extreme collectivism. The only rational view is to analyze the facts, weigh the benefits and consequences to any given policy, and make decisions without any preconceived notion of what the solution should look like. In the case at hand, I, and the vast majority of people, think the minor inconvenience of not being able to make discriminatory hiring decisions is far outweighted by the benefits of not having large segments of the population chronically unemployed and impoverished because their race.  The only effective argument against this would be to posit a way in which the benefits of this policy could be achieved (or bettered) without the use of government coercion, and that I haven't seen.  &gt;You'd better grow up fast on this one  Remember, you are talking to someone who thought and argued exactly the same viewpoint you are now espousing for 10 years. I was even a delegate to the national Libertarian convention once. I was a true believer. I did grow up.
Also - Engineering Disciplines (and CS) in most schools require different (more intense) math than the business degrees. The math requirements at UIC for Finance are different than those for CS. He could be taking math classes that, literally, do not count towards a CS degree.   Source:   http://www.cs.uic.edu/~grad/CSCurr-0214.pdf   http://www.uic.edu/ucat/07%20BA%20109-124.pdf
By mentioning GLD, I presume therefore you are referring to the SPRD Gold Exchange Traded Fund that is intended to mirror the price of gold without you having to personally hold bullion, or even gold certificates. While how much is a distinctly personal choice, there are seemingly (at least) three camps of people in the investment world. First would be traditional bond/fixed income and equity people.  Gold would play no direct role in their portfolio, other than perhaps holding gold company shares in some other vehicle, but they would not hold much gold directly. Secondly, at the mid-range would be someone like yourself, that believes that is in and of itself a worthy investment and makes it a non-trivial, but not-overriding part of their portfolio.  Your 5-10% range seems to fit in well here. Lastly, and to my taste, over-the-top, are the gold-gold-gold investors, that seem to believe it is the panacea for all market woes.  I always suspect that investment gurus that are pushing this, however, have large positions that they are trying to run up so they can unload. Given all this, I am not aware of any general rule about gold, but anything less than 10% would seem like at least a not over-concentration in the one area.  Once any one holding gets much beyond that, you should really examine why you believe that it should represent such a large part of your holdings. Good Luck
Agreed. An easy way to practice selling is by joining a direct sales company. Just make sure they are legitimate and require no money to start. It gives you a product to sell (even if its from a catalog) and many times they have online resources that help train you.    Sales is a mental game imo. Getting past personal barriers and facing fears is a major huddle in sales.
There is a theory that the reason this has come to pass over millenia is simply because Europe has harsh winters, whereas South America, and Africa, and most of Asia do not. The theory is that having to deal with winter - including all of the long term planning, logistics, and infrastructure that go with it - was a forcing function on society that caused Europe (and later on it's settlements) to advance more rapidly.    It has nothing to do with skin color and everything to do with seasons.
Is it true that due the to the increase in interest rates that inflation is likely to increase as well? It is typically the reverse where inflation causes interest rates to rise. Interest rates fundamentally reflect the desire for people to purchase future goods over present day goods.  If I loan money to someone for 5 years I lose the ability to use that money.  In order to entice me to loan the money the borrower would have to offer me an incentive, that is, they would have to give me additional money at the end of that 5 years.  This additional money is the interest rate and it reflects the desire of people to spend money in the future versus the present day.  If offered the same amount of money today versus 5 years from now almost everyone would chose to take the money now.  Money in the present is more valuable than the same amount of money in the future. Interest rates would still exist even with a currency that could not be printed. I would still prefer to have the currency today than in the future. If the currency is continually devalued (i.e. the issuer is printing more of the currency) than borrowers may charge additional interest to compensate for the loss in purchasing power when they make a loan. Also, it is hard to compare interest rates and inflation.  Inflation is very difficult to calculate. New products and services, as well as ever changing consumer desires, continually change the mixture of goods in the market so it is nearly impossible to compare a basket of goods today to a basket of goods 5, 10, 20, or 30 years ago.
If you go traditional financing there is a chance it'd be syndicated amongst a bank group. That is going to add a little depth to your credit agreement id imagine. You thinking a term loan with a 7-10 amortization? I've never seen a LOC more than 5 years out.
I always sit and wonder.. hypothetically when robots are literally doing everything and everything has been automated, what will people do? Is it that state of Utopia where we can do whatever we want because we don't have to pay robots? My guess is no judging by how outsourcing to cheaper countries has affected people.
a) Contracts are for future delivery of said underlying. So if you are trading CL (crude oil) futures and don't sell before delivery date, you will be contacted about where you want the oil to be delivered (a warehouse presumably). 1 contract is the equivalent of 1000 barrels. b) 600 contracts depends entirely on what you are trading and how you are trading. If you are trading ES (S&P 500 e-Mini), you can do the 600 contracts in less than a second. c) No fees does not make particular sense. It's entirely possible that you are not trading anything, it's just a fake platform so they can judge your performance. d) The catch typically is that when it's time to pay you, they will avoid you or worst case, disappear. e) Trading is a full-time job, especially for the first 4-5 years when you're only learning the basics. Remember, in futures trading you are trading against all the other professionals who do only this 24/7 for decades. If you are only risking your time with the reward being learning and possibly money, it seems like a good deal. There's typically a catch with these things - like you would have to pay for your data which is very expensive or withdrawing funds is possible only months later.
&gt; Who will pay to train themselves for a low paying job with no job security?  Well, the government better start doing it if they want to keep their tax bases intact.  ...and we all know what sort of quality you're taking about with a government trained worker.  Or, the government could set living wages.  Sure companies are going to leave (and they're probably going to take people with them), but at least you won't be stuck with a bunch of impoverished people all expecting a handout.
"&gt;BPI took such a hard hit because they showed the world that they're the type of company willing to sell people really nasty shit just to make a buck (in my opinion).  Honestly, if there was a news expose on 90% of the processed food that is on grocery store shelves, people would have the same reaction. You would be shocked as to what happens in food manufacturing facilities. Yes, there are FDA, USDA, and many other agencies that do both announced and surprise audits of food manufacturers to ensure food safety, but this is just a snapshot in time, and the food is only deemed as safe as to the standards of that company and what the definition of ""safe"" is.  IMO, yes, BPI took a huge hit because of this being called pink slime. Are they manufacturing something that is potentially dangerous for consumption? Possibly. That all depends on who you ask what ""safe for consumption"" means.  Are lobbyists involved? Bet your ass they are. But the market at the time was demanding a type of beef that was super lean. All BPI did was find a way to fulfill that need.  I don't know what the outcome of this will be, but I can absolutely see both sides of the argument. The press needs to be free to report on anything and everything. However, there needs to be regulation regarding what they can and can not say from a slander standpoint. Coming up with a cute catch phrase such as ""pink slime"" is slanderous, and potentially damaging. That's where I agree with you and believe that they should have reported on the factual inclusions in the finished product.   /rant"
In order to make travelling in Andaman’s a little more comfortable we have ‘exclusively’ tied up with Larson the only luxury speed boat in Andaman’s and we can provide   Private Charters (Maximum: 08 persons) between Havelock – Port Blair – Havelock along with other day excursions and overnight trips.
Consult with a CPA in your local community, since determining how your income is reported is dependent on how it was earned, and how much it was and other factors.  The details are personal, should not be shared on the internet, and don't affect the way we can answer this question.   A CPA might be able to help you with some other advice.  Things like how to structure your expenses to minimize tax burden, while staying within the rules.
Monogram adorns  are sort of earrings which have monograms etched on them or they may be constructed from monograms. Monograms are generally discovered on necklaces or earrings and frequently on studs too. We often discover monograms etched in wristbands too, and frequently the entire bracelet is comprised of the call of the individual who putting it. It is like the maximum non-public piece of jewelry having a humans name or their initial name. If you also are looking to get the exceptional monogram gold bracelet, then you can pass although the excellent well-known on line store that focus on offing fine earrings at low cost charges.
&gt; By the time you're ready to hire, you should be past the point where $100k in sweat equity dribbled out over a four-year vesting period is worth bothering with another shareholder.  Really? Why? Most companies I've talked to need hands on deck from day one.  &gt; People on kickstartr are looking for cash, not cheap labor.  Cheap labour isn't avaliable on kickstarter, that's what Craigslist is for. You need both to get a company off the ground.  &gt; Founders usually lack the former and have plenty of their own time to supply the latter.  But they don't have the skills to cover all their bases. That's why they need cheap labour.
"Yes and no.  Losing high-paying jobs to other countries does take money out of the economy.  I have read a few times that this is a small contribution to the hard times ""Main Street"" is currently going through.  Compared to the 2008 crisis and its effects, this is probably fairly small but is still a negative influence on the economy.  If the outsourcing continues unabated, I believe the effects on both the economies and competitiveness of the western nations will become more pronounced.  However, I do see the pendulum swinging back so we'll get back some (but not all) of the lost jobs and wages.  Where we'll land I can't dare predict.  This is just my opinion, of course.  Swing by for a beer someday and we can talk some more :)"
e.g. a European company has to pay 1 million USD exactly one year from now While that is theoretically possible, that is not a very common case. Mostly likely if they had to make a 1 million USD payment a year from now and they had the cash on hand they would be able to just make the payment today.  A more common scenario for currency forwards is for investment hedging.  Say that European company wants to buy into a mutual fund of some sort, say FUSEX. That is a USD based mutual fund. You can't buy into it directly with Euros. So if the company wants to buy into the fund they would need to convert their Euros to to USD. But now they have an extra risk parameter. They are not just exposed to the fluctuations of the fund, they are also exposed to the fluctuations of the currency market. Perhaps that fund will make a killing, but the exchange rate will tank and they will lose all their gains. By creating a forward to hedge their currency exposure risk they do not face this risk (flip side: if the exchange rate rises in a favorable rate they also don't get that benefit, unless they use an FX Option, but that is generally more expensive and complicated).
"Your assertion that you will not be selling anything is at odds with the idea that you will be doing tax loss harvesting.  Tax loss harvesting always involves some selling (you sell stocks that have fallen in price and lock in the capital losses, which gives you a break on your taxes).  If you absolutely prohibit your advisor from selling, then you will not be able to do tax loss harvesting (in that case, why are you using an advisor at all?). Tax loss harvesting has nothing to do with your horizon nor the active/passive difference, really. As a practical matter, a good tax loss harvesting plan involves mechanically selling losers and immediately putting the money in another stock with more-or-less similar risk so your portfolio doesn't change much.  In this way you get a stable portfolio that performs just like a static portfolio but gives you a tax benefit each year.  The IRS officially prohibits this practice via the ""wash sale rule"" that says you can't buy a substantially identical asset within a short period of time.  However, though two stocks have similar risk, they are not generally substantially similar in a legal sense, so the IRS can't really beat you in court and they don't try.  Basically you can't just buy the same stock again. The roboadvisor is advertising that they will perform this service, keeping your portfolio pretty much static in terms of risk, in such a way that your tax benefit is maximized and you don't run afoul of the IRS."
"See if they offer a ""Target Date"" plan that automatically adjusts throughout your career to balance gains against preserving what you've already built up.  You can adjust for more or less aggressive by selecting a plan with a later or sooner target date, respectively. (But check the administrative fees; higher fees can eat up a surprisingly large part of your growth since they're essentially subtracted from rate of return and thus get compounded.) If they don't have that option, or charge too much for it, then yes, you may want to adjust which plan your money is in over time; you can usually ""exchange"" between these plans at no cost and with no tax penalty. NOTE: The tax-advantaged 401(k) investments should be considered in the context of all your investments. This is one of the things an independent financial planner can help you with. As with other investment decisions, the best answer for you depends on your risk tolerance and your time horizon."
Hehe, I feel your pain.. well, 'pain' isn't really the feeling though is it.  I was unemployed for several years when I was younger, and I loved it. It taught me 2 things: you need to be careful with your money, and you don't need money to be happy. I loved the freedom, the carefree attitude I had to the world, the ability to do many things not constrained by having to spend all day in an office, to be with my mates a lot. If your problem is that you are being too miserly ($3 researching better product... we all do that, though not for $3 except on ebay sometimes) then put a cost on your time. If it took you 3 hours to research the $3 saving, and your time is worth even just $10 an hour to you, then you've not saved anything. You've wasted 'money'. If, on the other hand, you're more worried about hoarding money and being unproductive and a bad social citizen, get involved in investing it instead. Let someone else put it to good use, whilst giving you some return.
"My only issue with the whole ""Comcast and TWC are in cahoots to set prices 10x higher than what they should be"" is the fact that Comcast and TWC are hardly the most profitable companies in the US.   I mean, they are large companies with decent revenues, but they aren't making much more than other companies of their size that are in different fields.  If they were really a monopoly setting prices crazy high and exploiting nearly a hundred million Americans on their monthly bill... Wouldn't Comcast have like, crazy have profits that rival the oil companies?  I mean, Comcast has 120,000 employees and a 10 billion USD income. That's perfectly in line with other companies of that size such as CocaCola or P&amp;G.   And hell, TWC reported a net *loss* of 2 billion USD last year. People think they are a monopoly that's overcharging for services... When they aren't even making money?"
"**Yup!**  It's important to note that modern soft contact lenses let through 10 times as much oxygen as the original hard contacts that were in use 20 years ago.  The company you referenced, that's actually owned/run by the original inventor of soft contact daily lenses.  He started it up because he was outraged at the prices being charged by the big name vendors who had licensed his patent.  His story is here:  http://www.daysoftcontactlenses.com/GB/All-about-Daysoft.aspx  Two important things about re-using dailies.  **1)** Don't leave dailies in overnight, buy solution and take them out and wash them each night.  It really makes a difference in terms of complication rates.  You don't have to fill the contact holders up to the top, not even to the ""internal line"", but make sure the contacts are covered.  The latter will save you half on solution.  When I'm on a wilderness trip I will wear my contacts through every other night, because trying to wash my hands completely and the sanitary conditions... well it's just less risk and trouble imho than handling my contacts with potentially not-quite-perfectly-clean hands.  **2)** Don't use a single pair more than 2 or 3 weeks.  The risk of infections and complications gets too high using a single pair of general soft contacts around the one month mark.  This is my recollection of what a medical doctor at an ER near a University posted online 10 years ago.  You see university kids are far more likely/prone to over-use a pair, and he found that all the kids coming to his nearby ER with eye infections - had worn soft contacts for one month or more.  ALSO -- if you're taking them out at night and using solution (as I strongly recommend you do), at the two week part the cost of daily contacts matches the cost of the solution you are using.  So wearing a pair any longer than 2 weeks doesn't actually save you much more money."
I don't think you've worked in sales. The high paying sales jobs usually have to compete in a competitive bid process. Companies don't just select vendors. They are mandated to create a competitive process to rule out what you're talking about. Of course, there are ways around this, but the norm is for a competitive sales process.
"Thanks for the info, things are starting to make more sense now. For some reason I've always neglected learning about investments, now that Im in a position to invest (and am still fairly young) I'm motivated to start learning.   As for help with TD Ameritrade, I was looking into Index Funds (as another commenter mentioned that I should) on their site and am a little overwhelmed with the options. First, I'm looking at Mutual Funds, going to symbol lookup and using type = ""indeces"". I'm assuming that's the same thing as an ""Index Fund"" but since the language is slightly different I'm not 100% sure. However, at that point I need some kind of search for a symbol in order to see any results (makes sense, but I dont know where to start looking for ""good"" index funds).    So my first question is: If I FIND a good mutual fund, is it correct to simply go to ""Buy Mutual Funds"" and find it from there? and if so, my second question is: How do I find a good mutual fund?   My goal is to have my money in something that will likely grow faster than a savings account. I don't mind a little volatility, I can afford to lose my investment, I'd plan on leaving my money in the fund for a several years at least.   My last question is: When investing in these types of funds (or please point me in another direction if you think Index Funds aren't the place for me to start) should I be reinvesting in the funds, or having them pay out dividends? I would assume that reinvesting is the smart choice, but I can imagine situations that might change that in order to mitigate risk...and as I've said a few times in this thread including the title, I'm a complete amateur so my assumptions aren't necessarily worth that much.   Thanks for the help, I really appreciate all the info so far."
This does not really fit your liquidity requirement but consider buying a one or two room apartment to rent out with part of your savings. You will get income from it and small apartments sell quickly if you do need the money. This will help offset the negative interest from the rest. One downside is that other people have the same idea at the moment and the real estate prices are inflated somewhat.
Good for consumers, Foot Locker will be forced to make adjustments to their business model in which I imagine in turn will give consumers great deals on their products.  When you buy directly from Adidas, they already give you 2-4 free shipping just by creating an account with them.  I just bought the Triple Black Japan Boost NMD and they came in two days from Adidas. A month ago, I bought the Multicolor Ultraboost from Foot Locker and it took 1.5 weeks.
Sad part is that you aren't going to make meaningful gains with small account like that unless you are putting everything into one stock and trying to squeeze out 10% gains each trade. At this point, your main focus contributing money into the account regularly. You will be able to trade more frequently as you get more money into the account.
You need to determine for the taxing jurisdiction when the next tax appraisal will be done. In some cases the appraisal is done every year, or two, or three. In other cases it is also done when the property is sold. The county tax office website should contain this information. They will also have information on how to appeal. Most jurisdictions do have a way of looking up not only the rates but the value of the property in question. You will also be interested in determining if the tax value of the property is lower due to local/state laws that limit the growth in value from one assessment to another. A sale of the property could trigger a catchup for the value. It is possible that the degraded value of the home has already been factored into the assessment. It is also possible that it hasn't. Keep in mind that taxes in some jurisdictions can be more complicated because there is also a town/city/county component, and some places that also breakout other items on the tax bill like storm water management, schools, pest spraying. These other items can be based on value, square footage of the lot, or a flat amount. You should get a local opinion on the likelihood of a successful appeal, and how much adjustment you would be able to get. Depending on the sale date and the due date for the taxes, you may be forced to pay the higher tax rate for a while until either the next re-appraisal or the next appeal window.  Note: the fact that it is being auctioned may mean that what you pay for the house may be immaterial because the tax authorities could determine that the motivation to sell quickly could have depressed the value. This type of sale will not impact the value of other houses and can't be used as a basis for determining the value of other properties.
Patent Attorney here. Unfortunately obtaining a patent can be a long and expensive process. With that being said, you will have to do your research to see if this will be profitable or not. I've seen too many people spend a lot of money to obtain a patten and never follow through with selling their idea because of the costs involved. I wish I could tell you more, but I don't have enough information about what you hope to achieve. Feel free to PM if you would like to discuss further.
"Can you explain the mechanics of ""brute force""? No analogies - just say what orders are placed when.  *They meet the ask and get the order because they don't care about getting the best deal.*  This is the part where you demonstrate you have absolutely no idea whatsoever about HFT."
OK, were there any fund managers stupid enough to bet on Facebook? If there are, they should all be out of jobs by now. (They won't be, but they should.)  Facebook was a bad investment on paper, on hype, and on fundamentals. There was no reasonable expectation of it going up on IPO.
"You're right. The tech ""community"" has a hard-on for the mythos of Startup Founder: Hero of the Long Hours.   But, really, Marx must be rolling over in his grave right now, because as developers &amp; designers, we *own* the means of production. They're in. our. heads. And yet we still volunteer to be used as tools for other people to get rich off of.  This would be fine if, in exchange, those other people offered a cushy, secure life. But they almost never do. Because nerds want to be used.   I agree with you there: technology has no point if not to make the world better and our lives easier.   If you can make your employer $75k in a quarter, you already know how to deliver value. You just need to figure out what you need to switch around to do it for yourself instead."
At exactly 105K you can take a deduction of 13/20*5500 = $3575 each and the rest ($1925) as a Roth deposit. No need to have non-deducted money, when you can just make use of both flavors of IRA.
As a previous employee at Target the cashier's were all doing things wrong...you cannot buy AMEX or Visa prepaid cards with target giftcards or you get in big shit.    You are also not supposed to sell giftcards for giftcards.    This should all pop up automatically when the cashier rings it up...so i'm confused.
If I'm buying preferred stock with liquidation preferences, I care what *that class of equity* is worth. I don't give a shit what common is worth.   The article takes a pretty banal point - common may not be worth what other classes are worth - and tries to make it into a conspiracy, which is fucking stupid.
Here's one reason that's being overlooked in answers so far. (@ChrisInEdmonton, this is for your comment on @Chad's answer.) How do credit card companies make money? Sure, there's interest charges, but those are offset significantly by the cost of borrowing money, and by people defaulting on their debt / entering bankruptcy. The other way they make money is by processing transactions. They get a cut of whatever you buy. If you're a high-income person, and you're going to process a lot of expenditures with this credit card, your business is worth more. They will be willing to bribe you with things like cash-back, frequent flier miles, and insurance on your auto rentals, so that they can be your #1 go-to card.  (This works in concert with the way that some credit card vendors with richer clientele overall - American Express - get to charge higher merchant fees for access to these customers' wallets. But that was mentioned in other answers.) If you're not a high-income person, your business is worth less. If you go somewhere asking for credit, they're going to try and give you a card which will earn them the most money - which probably isn't the one where they give you back 50% of their transaction fee in rewards. It's a calculated risk, since they still have to compete against cash, debit cards, and all the other credit card companies, so they don't have you totally over a barrel, but you shouldn't expect as many freebies, either.
Because you already have the answer as part of your question. The wealth is concentrated in the parents generation and they are pulling the rug after them. This is done in various ways: from costs of education to costs of entitlements to costs of housing to salary stagnation.
&gt; as well as enlisting the U.S. intelligence community in their coverup of murdering of a couple hundred citizens of an allied nation and member of NATO?  Okay, let's not weaken the case against Russia here, because I can totally believe the US would do that.  (Would.  Not that it did.)
I'm more shocked that sears is still in business. I occasionally drop in to go to little ceasars and i rarely ever see more than a handful of people there. It's like what wal-mart would look like if it lost 90% of its customers.
"would it make sense to set up multiple bank accounts to avoid going above their thresholds?  Quite possiblly yes but you need to pay attention to the fine print. I don't know what the situation is in poland but in the UK accounts that pay high interest often have strings attached. For example the santander 123 current account pays very good interest but it has an account fee and some other requirements that are difficult to meet if you are not using it as your ""main current account"".  You need to read the terms carefully, if you go over the threshold does the lower rate only apply to money over the threshold? or does it apply to all the money in the account? Are there any other restrictions on how you use the account. Also I don't know if poland has any provisions for limited tax-advantaged savings (like the ISA scheme we have in the UK). If it does then that can add further complications. How to calculate how to maximize the profit here? Well in theory you would get the best account you can and fill it to the threshold. Then the next best account and so-on. You would move any interest paid in an account that was already full to the threshold to the best non-full account (or if the account strongly peanalises going over perhaps move an ammount of money equivilent to the interest just before the interest is paid). In practice that is a lot of work, so if the rates on the different accounts are similar you may want to leave some margin for interest or (in the case of an account that pays the lower rate on the overage while still paying the higher rate on money below the threshold) accepting that some of your money will earn slightly less than idea. Another option some accounts may offer is just to pay the interest to another account, avoiding the need to move it yourself. Finally you should check out your government's limits for compensation in the event of banks going bust. As a general rule you don't want to put more than that ammount in a single bank even if doing so would get you the best interest."
Variable Annuities would be one option though there are SEC warnings about them, for an option that is tax-deferred and intended to be used for long-term investing such as retirement. There is a bit of a cost to gain the tax-deferral which may not always make them worthwhile.
"Sorry, I can't take you and the theory seriously when the document you posted refers to ""the friendzone"" and ""Feminism"" in the first chapter. And I do know and acknowledge the terms The Friendzone is a word created by weak men who don't know how to properly handle a woman. It is a real thing, but the only one who's putting you in it is you. Feminism has become retarded with some people, sadly.  The thing is, none of these things should be used in a socio-economic theory if you want to be taken seriously.  It does interest me for some reason, so I'll read it in depth in the future."
"You should really be talking to a tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State) about taxes and to a lawyer about the liability protection. You won't find answers from neither of theses here. Besides the liability protection, how do these 2 options affect taxes? There's no liability protection difference between the two (talk to a lawyer to verify) since you'll be cosigning them personally either way. In the first case (loan to the LLC) - everything goes on the 1065 and you get the bottom line on K-1 which transfers to you own tax return. In the second case the loan interest is your personal investment expense (Schedule A deduction) while the loan proceeds you moved to the LLC add to your basis. I'd suggest getting the loan directly in the LLC name, if you can. However, the Lawyers seem to agree that this would void the mortgage   because of the ""Due on Sale"" clause in mortgage loans. ""Due on sale"" may or may not be invoked, but that's a risk you'd be taking, yes. LLC is a separate legal entity (as opposed to a living trust, to which your second quote seems to be referring), so it is definitely a possibility for a lender to call on the loan if you re-title it."
"Dude, be nice.  The series exams are pretty much all memorization.  So long as you memorize the rules, you pass.  You can't really reason your way into a passing grade, so you can't be upset with anyone for not having ""basic understanding"" after completing any of the exams."
"&gt; That must scare the shit out of kids.  Welcome to ToysRUs.   To better serve you, we've also recently changed internal policy so that employees must now wear bloody ""Killer Clown"" masks at the checkout counter.    Enjoy your day!"
I don't know that this study so much measures selfishness so much as consideration of a problem that you come face to face with, which might be significant for some category of selfishness.  That is to say, I don't think all instances of selfishness are like running into a starving person on the side of the road and not giving them money. Some might involve thinking of others without their envelope to their grandfather being right there, and capturing that might be even trickier than this already convoluted experiment.
I think what you have here is actually TWO agreements with your sister, and explicitly splitting it into two agreements will bring some clarity. The first is ownership of and responsibility for the building. The second is each of your personal use of a unit.  Here's what you do: Treat ownership as if you're not living there. Split the down payment, the monthly mortgage, taxes and insurance, responsibility for cost of maintenance, etc. as well as the ownership and benefit of the building 70%/30%. Put all that in a contract. Treat it like a business. Second, lease those units to yourselves as if you were tenants. And yes, I means even with leases. This clarifies your responsibilities in a tenant capacity. More to the point, each of you pays rent at the going rate for the unit you occupy.   If rent from all three units equals the monthly expenses, nothing more needs to be done. If they're more than the monthly expenses, then each of you receives that as business income on that 70%/30% breakdown. If those three rents are less than the monthly expenses, then each of you are required to make up the difference, again at 70%/30%.  Note: if any of those expenses are utilities, then they should be apportioned via the rent -- just as you would if you'd rented out the whole building to strangers.  2nd note: all that can be done with ledger entries, rather than moving money around, first as rent, then as expense payments, then as payouts. But, I think it will benefit all of you to explicitly pay rent at first, to really clarify your dual relationship as joint owners and as tenants.  Final note: I think this is a stickier situation than you may think it is. Familial relationships have been destroyed both by going into business together, and by renting to family members. You're doing both, and mixing the two to boot. I'm not saying it will destroy your relationship, but that there's a solid risk there. Relationship destruction comes from assumptions and vague verbal agreements. Therefor, for the sake of all of you, put everything in writing. A clear contract for the business side, and clear leases for the tenant side. It's not about trust -- it's about understood communication and positive agreement on all important points.
I think Wikipedia offers a very good explanation: A dividend reinvestment program or dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) is an equity investment option offered directly from the underlying company. The investor does not receive quarterly dividends directly as cash; instead, the investor's dividends are directly reinvested in the underlying equity. The investor must still pay tax annually on his or her dividend income, whether it is received or reinvested. This allows the investment return from dividends to be immediately invested for the purpose of price appreciation and compounding, without incurring brokerage fees or waiting to accumulate enough cash for a full share of stock. So essentially, a dividend reinvestment plan is offered by companies directly, allowing investors to bypass brokerages, and immediately re-invests dividends rather than paying them out in cash. Investopedia also gives a straighforward definition: A plan offered by a corporation that allows investors to reinvest their cash dividends by purchasing additional shares or fractional shares on the dividend payment date.  A DRIP is an excellent way to increase the value of your investment. Most DRIPs allow you to buy shares commission free and at a significant discount to the current share price. Most DRIPS don't allow reinvestments much lower than $10.  I had a hard time finding a comprehensive listing of companies that offered DRPs (or DRIPs), but MyDollarPlan.com offers these suggestions:  Finding a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: Computershare offers one-stop shopping for hundreds of dividend reinvestment plans. They offer a searchable list that can be filtered to easily find a dividend reinvestment plan that fits your needs. You can also use OneShare. Probably the best way to find out if a company offers a dividend reinvestment plan is to visit the company website. Most companies have an Investor Relations area that will highlight the various options available to shareowners. For example: Coca-Cola, Disney, and Wal-Mart. Hope this helps! @YMCbuzz
"Not a lot, directly. Your biggest direct risk is that you could buy the debt, and buy it at too high a price (i.e. too low an interest rate) and not make as much money as you ought (and maybe not enough to cover inflation, especially if you buy long-term bonds at low interest rates.) The indirect risks are mostly that the debt could weigh on economic growth: There is also a question of monetary policy, inflation, and interest rates set by the Federal Reserve. Theoretically the government could be tempted to keep interest rates low (to save money) and buy its own bonds (""printing money""), which could cause inflation. Theoretically, they shouldn't, as price stability is one of the Fed's primary mandates. But if they did, inflation makes everything less predictable and is generally obnoxious, which makes everything more risky and drags on the economy. Also, if the nominal value of an asset rises due to inflation, you will likely need to pay taxes on that at some point if you sell it, even though its real value is the same."
"It's not abnormal for a company that is as young as yours seems to be. It seems (based on what little I know), that you have debts, or accounts payable that were formerly covered by the $200 cash, but now aren't, because you paid it to yourself. For now, you're ""entitled"" to pay yourself a draw or a salary. But if you continue to do so without earning money to cover it, your company will fail."
It really staggers me that Reddit has achieved such a high valuation. Don't get me wrong, its social value is immense, but investment value? I can bet you won't find a more anti-ad, anti-sponsor environment on the whole wide web lol. Good luck monetizing...
"According to Soros in ""The Alchemy of Finance"", exchange rates fluctuations are mostly influenced by: (sorry I do not have the quote here, and I am paraphrasing from the top of my head what I read about a week ago). I mention his point of view as he is one of the most successful hedge fund manager ever, proved his skills, and dealt a lot with currencies. This is not just theory as he actively used the above points when managing his fund (as explained in the book). What I find interesting is that, according to him, the fundamental reason (the balance of trade) is not the most influential. Speculation on future value of currencies is the most influential, and these can set trends that can last years. Also it is key to notice that Soros thought foreign exchange markets are ""wrong"" most of the time, just like he thought stock markets are ""wrong"" most of the time (a point on which Warren Buffet and Jim Rogers also agree from my understanding)."
"Yes, of course there have been studies on this.  This is no more than a question about whether the options are properly priced. (If properly priced, then your strategy will not make money on average before transaction costs and will lose once transaction costs are included.  If you could make money using your strategy, on average, then the market should - and generally will - make an adjustment in the option price to compensate.) The most famous studies on this were conducted by Black and Scholes and then by Merton. This work won the Nobel Prize in 1995. Although the Black-Scholes (or Black-Scholes-Merton) equation is so well known now that people may forget it, they didn't just sit down one day and write and equation that they thought was cool. They actually derived the equation based on market factors. Beyond this ""pioneering"" work, you've got at least two branches of study.  Academics have continued to study option pricing, including but not limited to revisions to the original Black-Scholes model, and hedge funds / large trading house have ""quants"" looking at this stuff all of the time.  The former, you could look up if you want. The latter will never see the light of day because it's proprietary. If you want specific references, I think that any textbook for a quantitative finance class would be a fine place to start.  I wouldn't be surprised if you actually find your strategy as part of a homework problem. This is not to say, by the way, that I don't think you can make money with this type of trade, but your strategy will need to include more information than you've outlined here.  Choosing which information and getting your hands on it in a timely manner will be the key."
"But what happen if the stock price went high and then go down near expiry date? When you hold a short (sold) call option position that has an underlying price that is increasing, what will happen (in general) is that your net margin requirements will increase day by day.  Thus, you will be required to put up more money as margin to finance your position.  Margin money is simply a ""good faith"" deposit held by your broker.  It is not money that is debited as cash from the accounting ledger of your trading account, but is held by your broker to cover any potential losses that may arise when you finally settle you position.   Conversely, when the underlying share price is decreasing, the net margin requirements will tend to decrease day by day.   (Net margin is the net of ""Initial Margin"" and ""Variation Margin"".) As the expiry date approaches, the ""time value"" component of the option price will be decreasing."
This has been rehashed many times over, you should not have a family of three if you are on minimum wage.   You can't afford a Mercedes lease on the minimum wage does that mean you should increase it? No. You simply make decisions to support your lifestyle, don't bring three kids(or significant other and a kid, either way not relevant) into your life if you can't support yourself.    edit: Was expecting downvotes, I suggest you take a basic Economics class.
He did not go into specifics but he said that a usual case would probably be around $10 to $20 million. And that they make the deal in a matter of days. The deal usually closes after extensive due diligence between them and another law firm.
"What is being described in Longson's answer, though helpful, is perhaps more similar to a financial spread bet. Exactly like a bookmaker, the provider of a spread bet takes the other side of the bet, and is counter party to your ""trade"". A CFD is also a bet between two parties. Now, if the CFD provider uses a market maker model, then this is exactly the same as with a spread bet and the provider is the counter party. However, if the provider uses a direct market access model then the counter party to your contract is another CFD trader, and the provider is just acting as an intermediary to bring you together (basically doing the job of both a brokerage and an exchange). A CFD entered into through a direct market access provider is in many ways similar to a Futures contract. Critically though, the contract is traded 'over-the-counter' and not on any centralized and regulated exchange. This is the reason that CFDs are not permitted in the US - the providers are not authorized as exchanges. Whichever model your CFD provider uses, it is best to think of the contract as a 'bet' on the future price movements of the underlying stock or commodity, in much the same way as with any other derivative instrument such as futures, forwards, swaps, or options. Finally, note that because you don't actually own the underlying stock (just as Longson has highlighted) you won't be entitled to any of the additional benefits that can come with ownership of a stock, such as dividend payments or the right to attend shareholder meetings. RESPONSE TO QUESTION So if I understand correctly, the money gained through a direct market access model comes from other investors in the same CFD who happened to have invested in the ""wrong"" direction the asset was presumed to take. What happens then, if no one is betting in the opposite direction of my investment. Your understanding is correct. If literally nobody is betting in the opposite direction to you, then you will not be able to trade. This is true for any derivative market; if suddenly every single buyer were to remove their bids from the S&P futures, then no seller would be able to sell. This is a very extreme scenario, as the S&P futures market is incredibly liquid (loads of buyers and sellers at all times).  However, if something like this does happen (the flash crash of 2010, for example), then the centralized futures exchanges such as the CME have safeguards in place - the market become locked-limit so that it can only fall so far, there may be no buyers below the lock limit price, but the market cannot fall through it. CFD providers are not obliged to provide such safeguards, which is why regulators in the US don't permit them to operate. It may be the case that if you're trying to buy a CFD for a thinly traded and ill-liquid stock there will be no seller available. One possibility is that the provider will offer a 'hybrid' model, and in the absence of an independent counter party they will take the opposite side of your bet, and then offset their risk by taking an opposing position in the underlying stock."
The FRB mandate is to shoot for maximum employment and stable dollar. Nowhere does it list that they should be concerned with stock prices.  Moving too quickly in the past could have triggered an exogenous shock in an already fragile housing market, developing country, or significantly slowed hiring. Instead they have the current problem which Dalio admitted on BB interview today that is manageable but tricky. His primary concern is that there will be a debt crisis. But the FRB is not in the business of trying to prevent future problems (which is partially how we got here).   Edit: I am also of the mindset that any finance person will talk their book, so I take their words with a grain of salt.
"Alternatively you could exercise 12000 shares for $36000 and immediately sell 7200 shares to recover your exercise price. Then you use the remaining 4800 share to pay the exercise price of the remaining 8000 options. Both scenarios are equivalent but may have different fees associated, so it's worth checking the fine print.  Tax wise: The above example is ""cash neutral before taxes"". The taxes associated with these transaction are substantial, so it's highly recommended to talk with a tax adviser. ""cash neutral after taxes"" depends highly on your specific tax situation."
metal polishingHere at waxonwaxoffltd we can polish any motorcycle/car part. Aluminum, alloy, stainless steel or chrome. From engine casing, crank casing, frames, swing arms, wheels and hubs and all small parts. If you have a custom piece we can polish it. All metal polishing jobs are considered, from motorcycle to industrial, household to the unusual, we'll do our best to give you a quote.
"You've asked eleven different questions here.  Therefore, The first thing I'd recommend is this: Don't panic. Seek answers to your questions systematically, one at a time.  Search this site (and others) to see if there are answers to some of them.  You're in good shape if for no other reason than you're asking these when you're young. Investing and saving are great things to do, but you also have time going for you.  I recommend that you use your ""other eight hours per day"" to build up other income streams.  That potentially will get you far more than a 2% deposit. Any investment can be risky or safe.  It depends on both your personal context and that of the larger economy.  The best answers will come from your own research and from your advisors (since they will be able to see where you are financially, and in life)."
"Keep saving or investing, but set aside a relatively modest amount for ""fun money"". That way, you can go have a good time without thinking too much about what you're spending within the limits you spend for yourself. You don't need to spend lavishly to have a good time!  Not having the stress on your shoulders of worrying about money is a huge thing. Savor it!"
Sure! Started working since I was 12, used that money to buy a car, and was working full time starting at 15 years old. By 17 had two full time jobs and banked all that money, besides buying a car.  At 18 fulfilled my dream and was hired as a police officer. Did the academy for 6 months, saving all of that money to buy a trailer to live in for cheap.  Max out pay for my department was 5 years, so by 23 years old I was making 68,000 a year. With overtime and details included( I basically worked anytime I could, 8 hour shift with either an 8 hour detail or double shift) usually kept one day off, working my other day off.   My take home for the year after taxes was somewhere around 90k give or take, with my living expenses barely passing 25k a year. Banked all that money for years. When I hit 25ish I got together with my now wife, also an officer making the same amount. She also received about 300k from a settlement. So with both of our salaries plus money invested since I was about 14, annual take home was about 200k.   Saved for 2 more years and at 28, used the 300k to buy a house and pay off any vehicles and credit card debt.  Paid cash for the house so no mortgage, no car payments, just utilities and taxes for the year.  With the budget set we were able to retire living just like we were. There is a lot more to it but that's the quick summary!
I would look for business broker websites and start searching there to get an idea what they cost.   If you're interested in running one I would strongly suggest finding someone who does that can mentor you or working as a manager for a couple of years.  Small business ownership is very hard.
The right day care is also simply more advantageous from an educational standpoint, as children spend their time not just being cared for until their parents return but go also through custom learning activities that aid their ability to learn.
Investopedia has this note where you'd want the contrapositive point: The interest rate, commonly bandied about by the media, has a wide and   varied impact upon the economy. When it is raised, the general effect   is a lessening of the amount of money in circulation, which works to   keep inflation low. It also makes borrowing money more expensive,   which affects how consumers and businesses spend their money; this   increases expenses for companies, lowering earnings somewhat for those   with debt to pay. Finally, it tends to make the stock market a   slightly less attractive place to investment. As for evidence, I'd question that anyone could really take out all the other possible economic influences to prove a direct co-relation between the Federal Funds rate and the stock market returns.  For example, of the dozens of indices that are stock related, which ones would you want that evidence: Total market, large-cap, small-cap, value stocks, growth stocks, industrials, tech, utilities, REITs, etc.  This is without considering other possible investment choices such as direct Real Estate holdings, compared to REITs that is, precious metals and collectibles that could also be used.
"It depends on your definition of ""inactive"". If you have credit cards open and do not use them at all for a period of time, some lenders will not update your usage to the credit bureaus while some will close your account in which will definitely hurt your credit score. But since you use your card once in a while and pay them off, you should be good. Lenders like to see some activity rather than no activity. If there are great offers out there by credit card companies, then why not take advantage of them? The only downside may be the annual fees if there is any but with your credit score, it implies you are financially responsible so there should be no 'compelling financial reason' to not open more cards. In fact, the number of credit accounts you have open can play a role on your score. Essentially the more the better. According to Credit Karma, 0-5 credit accounts is very poor, 6-10 is poor, 11-20 is good, 21+ is excellent."
"Well sounds like Disney is gonna have less people watching their movies, lol  How many people who have Netflix are going to go ""Oh yeah definitely I'm going to pay for yet *another* streaming service!"" vs how many people are they going to pick up who don't already subscribe to netflix (hint not many).    So Disney is not going to gain *new* viewers, they are just going to attempt to take them from netflix, but with *only* a few hundred movies, good luck keeping them subscribed."
"As far as I understand, OP seems to be literally asking: ""why, regarding the various contracts on various exchanges (CBE, etc), is it that in some cases they are 'cash settled' and in some 'physically settled' -?"" The answer is only that ""the exchange in question happens to offer it that way."" Note that it's utterly commonplace for contracts to be settled out physically, and happens in the billions as a daily matter.  Conversely zillions in ""cash settled"" contracts play out each day.  Both are totally commonplace. Different businesses or entities or traders would use the two ""varieties"" for sundry reasons. The different exchanges offer the different varieties, ultimately I guess because they happen to think that niche will be profitable.  There's no ""galactic council"" or something that enforces which mode of settlement is available on a given offering - ! Recall that ""a given futures contracts market"" is nothing more than a product offered by a certain exchange company (just like Burger King sells different products). I believe in another aspect of the question, OP is asking basically:  ""Why is there not, a futures contract, of the mini or micro variety for extremely small amounts, of currency futures, which, is 'physically' settled rather than cash settled ..?"" If that's the question the answer is just ""whatever, nobody's done it yet"".  (Or, it may well exist.  But it seems extremely unlikely?  ""physically"" settled currencies futures are for entities operating in the zillions.) Sorry if the question was misunderstood."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-21/why-wages-aren-t-growing) reduced by 93%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Although very recently some signs have emerged that wages may be set for a pickup, workers are far from getting the gains you&amp;#039;d assume the market is signaling they deserve.  &gt; In part, the problem has been caused by the globalization of the labor force, which pits workers in one country in more direct competition with workers in other countries, often with large differences in wage levels.  &gt; On top of that, the Economic Policy Institute in a 2016 research paper made the case that all workers would gain from unions, even those who aren&amp;#039;t members, because higher rates of unionization would boost wages overall by setting pay standards employers are compelled to follow.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/7268xx/why_your_wages_arent_growing/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~215757 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **work**^#1 **Wage**^#2 **more**^#3 **percent**^#4 **labor**^#5"
Virgin and AMP Flexible Super both offer funds that track Australian indexes.
A better answer is to put the money in a Dodd-Frank qualified non interest bearing checking account.  FDIC covers the entire balance, there is no upper limit on the insurance.  This will only be good till the end of 2012 but for short term landing spot this works well.  Forget the interest you will earn and go for the safety of the principal.
I agree, again, for the most part. But I still see the trend of real-estate to be going down. I would much rather have my money in an up-trend. While many people should still buy homes for the same reasons they would if the bubble weren't there and still crashing.
"I think this question is perfectly on topic, and probably has been asked and answered many times.  However, I cannot help myself. Here are some basics however: Personal Finance is not only about math.  As a guy who ""took vector calculus just for fun"", I have learned that superior math skills do not translate into superior net worth.  Personal finance is about 50% behavior.  Take a look at the housing crisis, car loans, or payday lenders and you will understand that the desire to be accepted by others often trumps the math surrounding a transaction. Outline your goals  What is it that you want in life?  A pile of money or to retire early?  What does your business look like?  How much cash will you need?  Do you want to own a ton of rental properties?  How does all this happen (set intermediate goals). Then get on a budget  A budget is a plan to spend your money in advance.  Stick to it.  From there you can see how much money you have to implement various goals.  Are your goals to aggressive?   This is really important as people have a tendency to spend more money then they have.  Often times when people receive a bonus at work, they spend that one bonus on two or three times over.  A budget will prevent this from happening. Get an Emergency Fund  Without an emergency fund, you be subject to the financial whims of people involved in your own life and that of the broader marketplace.  Once you have one, you are free to invest with impunity and have less stress in a world that deals out plenty.  Bad things will happen to you financially, protect against them. The best first investments are simple:  Invest in yourself.  Find a way to make a very healthy income with upward mobility.  Also get out and stay out of debt.  These things are not sexy, but they pay off in the long run. The next best investment is also simple:  Index funds.  These become the bench mark for all other investments.  If you do not stand a good chance of beating the S&P 500 index fund, why bother?  Just dump the money in the fund and sleep well at night."
"Gotta beat them with price and games. You toss xbox on there and you'll have every 14 year old ""gamer"" screaming to get one. Hell, even if it's just a wrapper for simple games like angry birds."
Others have pointed out why one typically chooses a CD: to lock in an interest rate that's higher than most other savings accounts (at the expense of having quick access to your money). While most savings accounts have practically 0% return, there are high yield savings accounts out there with little to no strings that offer ~1% APY. I've personally not found CDs to be compelling when viewed against those, especially for something like an emergency fund where I'd rather just know it's available without having to think about penalties and such. Some people ladder CDs so that they're always no more than a month or so away from having access to some of the money, but for the return I've decided I prefer to just avoid the hassle. For 2.25%, which I haven't really seen, I might consider it, but in any case, you're better served by paying more to your loans.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.brookings.edu/research/the-closing-of-the-jobs-gap-a-decade-of-recession-and-recovery/) reduced by 95%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The average rate of recovery in the jobs gap after the trough of the Great Recession was 116 thousand jobs per month, and it took 89 months to close the gap.  &gt; The recessions of 1981 and 1990 involved smaller and briefer jobs gaps, with recovery to the demographically adjusted, pre-recession employment rate after 40 and 48 months, respectively.  &gt; The 2001 recession saw a more gradual decline in jobs, and a slower recovery; the jobs gap from the 2001 recession did not close before the Great Recession started.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6s3z53/the_jobs_gap_has_closed/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~185011 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **employment**^#1 **gap**^#2 **rate**^#3 **job**^#4 **Recession**^#5"
&gt;&gt;Mark Robinson, a lawyer for plaintiff Eva Echeverria, said outside the courtroom that J&amp;J should start warning women immediately about the risks of its talcum powder.  This isn't how a company loses a lawyer or even a law firm, letting  verdicts averaging $75 million turn into $400 million+ because you won't warn users - that's how you lose a CEO.
"I do find it interesting how live sports are the glaring exception to people not watching live TV. The reason for this is obvious, you want to watch the local team/the big game as it happens so it isn't spoiled and so on, and it probably helps explain why the NFL and other leagues, and a network like ESPN can thrive. Of course they might still move away from live tv broadcast anyway thanks to things like watch.espn and all the leagues having their own ""online"" networks now."
You need to use one of each, so a single order wouldn't cover this:  The stop-loss order could be placed to handle triggering a sell market order if the stock trades at $95 or lower.  If you want, you could use a stop-limit order if you have an exit price in mind should the stock price drop to $95 though that requires setting a price for the stop to execute and then another price for the sell order to execute. The limit sell order could be placed to handle triggering a sell if the stock rises above $105. On the bright side, once either is done the other could be canceled as it isn't applicable anymore.
"Reality on the ground is, once a drug is FDA approved for ""X"", doctors can prescribe it for anything they find appropriate. They can be sued for malpractice, but it's uncommon for suets to be brought for off label prescription use. For example, it's common for doctors to use weak antibiotics as placebos."
"The most common way to handle this in the US is with a UTMA account. UTMA is the Uniform Transfers / Gifts to Minors Act (""UTMA"" or ""UGMA"") which is a standard model law that most states have passed for special kinds of accounts. Once you open an account, anyone can contribute. Usually parents and grandparents will contribute $13,000 or less per year to make it a tax free transfer, but you can transfer more. The account itself would just be a standard brokerage account of any sort, but the title of the account would include your son's name, the applicable law depending on your state, and the name of the custodian who would control the account until your son turned 18. When your son does turn 18, the money is his. Until then, the money is his, but you control how it's invested. I'm a huge fan of Vanguard for UTMA/UGMAs. You may prefer to diversify a bit away from one company by selling the GE shares and buying an index mutual fund so that your child's education is not jeopardized by a rogue trader bringing down General Electric sometime in the next decade..."
"I *think*... the topic of the essay states: ""Provide a thorough discussion if the meaning  and interpretation of the four descriptive statistical measures required in your analysis: Arirthmetic mean, Variance, Standard Deviation, and coefficeint of variation. for example, how are these measures related to each other?""  I have no idea what I'm doing. I'll buy you reddit gold for a year if you help me out."
I imagine the same results would occur as with any other business that is owed money. For a short period the company will try to collect their debts directly from the consumer. If unsuccessful, the company may then sell their right to the debt over to a collections agency. The collection agency will then pursue more aggressive collections tactics and/or legal action to collect.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-18/barclays-puts-in-sensors-to-see-which-bankers-are-at-their-desks) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Barclays Plc has installed devices that track how often bankers are at their desks.  &gt; Managers were peppered with queries when investment bank staff in London discovered black boxes stuck to the underside of their desks in recent months, according to several Barclays employees who asked not to be identified speaking about their workplace.  &gt; Hot-desking may appeal as a cost-cutting strategy to Barclays Chief Executive Officer Jes Staley, who has said there are &amp;quot;Tremendous savings&amp;quot; to be made by reducing the bank&amp;#039;s real-estate footprint.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ukg68/barclays_puts_in_sensors_to_see_which_bankers_are/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~194042 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **bank**^#1 **Barclays**^#2 **how**^#3 **devices**^#4 **office**^#5"
Exactly, and that is a big 'if'. Growing companies often do not distribute dividend because they reinvest everything into the company. Although sometimes, to make shares more attractive, they'll give dividend. It's all up to the board and what they think is the most prudent move.
"Just like Pete, for me, a simple budget is good. My budget is probably more complicated than some, but for medical expenses, I only have one budget item titled ""Medical.""  However, if you've already been breaking it out further than that, and you are happy with it, there is no need to change now.  Something you can do is to separate your budget categories from your money accounts. Here's what I mean: let's say that last year at this time, before the FSA, you had $500 total allocated to your various medical budget categories. This year, you can do the same. The only difference is that $300 of that just happens to be in your FSA, and $200 is in whatever account you kept your medical money in last year. Then when you have your next medical expense, you'll subtract it from one of your medical budget categories (which tells you how much you have left to spend on medical expenses), and you'll also subtract it from whichever account you actually spent the money (so you know your current account balances). You'll want to spend your FSA money first, since it's use-it-or-lose-it. If that seems like a lot of work, a good budgeting software program, such as YNAB, EveryDollar, or Mvelopes, will do most of the accounting for you, separating your budget category balances from your bank balances. They allow you to split up your money without having to worry about which account you are paying from."
[] As you can see from the graphs above, as absolute distance from ATM (At The Money) increases, the ratio represented by Delta begins to approach 0:1 or 1:1. Meaning, as Delta approaches 1 the option price moves up 1 dollar for every 1 dollar the stock price moves up. As Delta approaches 0 the option price does not move as the stock price moves. As the absolute distance from ATM increases Gamma approaches zero (0). Meaning, as the price of the option increases or decrease the change in delta is at its highest as the option price is nearest the money. As the price of the option moves away from the money, in either direction, it changes less drastically. Interestingly, Delta is the first derivative of the value of the option price with respect to the underlying asset price. And Gamma is the first derivative of Delta. Definition of Delta Definition of Gamma
"The day I paid my last student loan payment and my last car payment was (January 4, 2000) a very happy day for me, being then 100% debt free.  It is a very good feeling, especially since I was saving cash as well.  It's a great thing to know that no-one ""owns"" you. Many others here have provided useful information about debt, and I know that paying off your existing loans will improve your credit rating, in case you want to go back into debt (which I did later in 2000, by buying a house). For most people, borrowing money to invest it is complicated (make sure you're not paying more on your borrowed $ than you make on your investment) due to the fact that most investments have risk involved. I would say that being debt-free is a very good goal, and there's a level of freedom it gives you.  Just make sure you have your ""rainy day"" fund building while you're on your way to getting there."
You do? So you are a good friend of Steve Jobs? Or is all you know random stories you read somewhere?  After all, you are not stating, that Jobs is sometimes mean to his employees. Or that he is sometimes aggressive when he doesn't get his way. You are talking about Steve Jobs true nature. And that, you can't know from some random texts you read somewhere.  By the way, it is about as idiotic, as your insult towards me.  ALl you make are random assumptions based on gossip and your own prejudices.
It's quite the contrary. If there are mass failures of banks, then the money supply will collapse and there will be vicious deflation, increasing the value of money held as cash. It's only if governments print money to bail the banks out that there's a (small) risk of hyperinflation and the effective collapse of the currency.
Heh, I was a recently unemployed mechanical engineering graduate, and gotta tell you, there weren't many positions open for the little bit of experience I had. I've had plenty of friends who decided to go to grad school for this very reason, and no they weren't the bottom of the barrel, and yes they had some experience as well.
Follow the incentive advice here and offer people a coupon or something if they leave a review.  People WILL give feedback on a good visit if they have a reason to.  As someone who works in software, I can tell you that your information is not completely gone, they just don't want to spend the time to get it back into the production database for you.  Outsourcing to India doesn't help either as those people are worthless.
"Ditto other answers, but I'd add there's a lot of psychology going on in a sale. If you're paying cash, you presumably have a pretty fixed upper limit on what you can spend. But if you're getting a loan, a large increase in the price of the car may sound like just a small addition to the monthly payment. Also, these days dealers often try to roll ""extended warranties"" into the loan payment. Most people can't calculate loan amortizations in their heads -- I'm pretty good at math, and I need a calculator to work it out, assuming I remember or wrote down the formula -- a dealer can often stick a piece of paper in front of you saying ""Loan payment: $X per month"" with fine print that says that includes $50 for the extended warranty, and most people would just say, ""oh, okay""."
&gt; But if I have my own iPhone and I volunteer to use it (instead of being out of communication from 5pm - 8am) and they turn around and tell me that a device that I bought and use for personal reasons is limited to whatever they decide to allow me to use, well forget that.  If it's your personal device, indeed! If you have *confidential or proprietary company data on it* -- such as internal emails via ActiveSync -- then it becomes very relevant for your employer to secure it.
Depends what you mean by business world and finance world.   NYTimes Sunday business section is a good start - mostly for large business.  The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need by Andrew Tobias for how to invest your personal money - and you'll see why no one who says they can predict the market is accurate for very long.   INC Magazine for running a small company
"Click on the ? icon next to ""Employer Plan"". This is used to determine if you can deduct your annual contributions from your taxes. For more information on how an employer plan can affect your IRA tax deduction, see the definition for non-deductible contributions. So, we look there: The total of your Traditional IRA contributions that were deposited without a tax deduction. Traditional IRA contributions are normally tax deductible. However, if you have an employer-sponsored retirement plan, such as a 401(k), your tax deduction may be limited.  The $20K difference between $272K and $252K just happens to be $15% of $132,500 which is the amount of your non-deductible contributions."
they have been incrementally making more and more stuff illegal in this area. when my family members started in the business almost anything was ok so long as you didn't hurt your own company, which you had a duty towards.  as a board member, unfortunately, Gupta did have a duty towards the companies. so there's nothing borderline about what he did.  a major figure in this story contacted a family member for tips once. that family member politely got off the phone. it's not hard, or blurry, for someone with real ethics.
There are several camps for stock valuation, and much of it boils down to your investment style.  A growth investor will not consider something with a 50x P/E ratio to be overvalued, but a value investor certainly would. I would recommend looking up the Fama-French n-factor model (it was 3-factor, I believe they have released newer papers which introduce other factors), and reading The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham.  Graham's methodology is practically canon for many investors, and the methodology focuses on value, while outlining quantitative factors for determining if a stock is under or over valued.
ISO-14001  Environmental Management Systems.  ISO 14001 is a universal standard suitable for large and small businesses in any sector. In many sectors certification to ISO 14001 has become a requirement for trade, as organisations seek to mitigate environmental risk whilst managing sustainable growth.  ISO 14001 is an Environment Management System (EMS), which is a tool for managing the impact of an organisations activities on the environment. It takes a pro-active approach, and allows business to consider environmental issues before they become a problem, rather than reacting to them afterwards.  If your company invests in ISO 14001 accreditation, you are showing your staff, customers and the wider business community that you are not only committed to protecting the environment in the short term, but you are also willing to work within the guidelines of international environmental law in future.  Our consultant will be happy to discuss this with you any time This System is suitable for all small to medium size enterprises   CALL NOW For Free Consultation +971 50 3483821 !!!.
One reason why they limit it is to protect you. If I hack your account, I get your entire financial history. I can see a copy of every check you ever wrote. I can see the account number with every doctor, utility, and credit card. I can also see the account information on the back of those checks for all your relatives who you sent $10 for their birthday.  I can use the information in those accounts to see where you used to live, this allows me to spoof you when applying for new credit. If they ask if I ever lived on Main street in Anytown USA. I can confidently say yes. If I only let you download a window of time, the responsibility is on you to protect that data that is before the window. They protect it in file isolated from the internet, and finally only in archive locations. Some of the information doesn't exists in electronic form. Data from the 1990's and earlier may not exist in the form you want. They have been expanding the windows over time. I can see/download a pdf of my monthly statement going back 7 years. Of course that data can't go directly into quicken. Some places do let you get a file that goes back farther, but they charge you for it, and it can only be done by them sending you the file. That prevents you from downloading your entire  history everyday. That times 70 Million customers would overwhelm their server and other infrastructure. Regarding the amount of data:
So now you have to go hunting for things to be offended by? New level of desperation there.   Let's discuss a timely topic, which I'm sure you have an opinion on:  Do you feel transgender people, with over 40% suicide rate, should be allowed in the military?   I look forward to your intelligent discourse.  (Though the question will likely offend you as well)
If you're selling a product of actual value, and willing to do the recruiting hustle then a Network Marketing Scheme might work out for you. If you can't make money just selling the product, or it's not a product you'd support I would stay far away. In the US, it is my understanding that MLM is legal if your earnings can surpass your sponsor's. Disclaimer: I did Quixtar (Amway online) in college. But I didn't succeed because I didn't nag all my family and friends to join nor hustle the products. I have met folks who have actually done well with it, and I think without really screwing anyone else over.
Okay. The goal should be to avoid taxing those at the lower bracket. So no taxes for those making 30,000 and under. A lower bracket for those making $31,000 to $80,000. Leave in deductions for taxes paid to states. These can be very high and many are taxed twice. Trump's plan removes many deductions used for double taxes.  Leave in mortgage interest deduction. It benefits mostly small rental companies and home owner.  Get rid of many business deductions. Lower corporate taxes, especially on new businesses.   There is a start.  You want to have a discussion regarding this.
A 20% dividend yield in most companies would make me very suspicious. Most dividend yields are in the 2-3% range right now and a 20% yield would make me worry that the company was in trouble, the stock price had crashed and the dividend was going to be cut, the company was going to go out of business or both.
I don't give companies that much credit, I think they didn't realize the value of good customer service until they fucked it up and started loosing sales as a result. Just look at Amazon, they have had awesome customer service for years and that is what draws a lot of people to shop there.
"Market makers, traders, and value investors would be who I'd suspect for buying the stock that is declining. Some companies stocks can come down considerably which could make some speculators buy the stock at the lower price thinking it may bounce back soon. ""Short sellers"" are out to sell borrowed stocks that if the stock is in free fall, unless the person that shorted wants to close the position, they would let it ride. Worthless stocks are a bit of a special case and quite different than the crash of 1929 where various blue chip stocks like those of the Dow Jones Industrials had severe declines. Thus, the companies going down would be like Apple, Coca-Cola and other large companies that people would be shocked to see come down so much yet there are some examples in recent history if one remembers Enron or Worldcom. Stocks getting delisted tend to cause some selling and there are some speculators may buy the stock believing that the shares may be worth something only to lose the money possibly as one could look at the bankrupt cases of airlines and car companies to study some recent cases here. Circuit breakers are worth noting as these are cases when trading may be halted because of a big swing in prices that it is believed stopping the market may cause things to settle down."
Section Four of the amendment reads: The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, including debts incurred for payments of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned.  In other words, if President Obama wants to, he could unilaterally invoke this provision and go ahead and get the money he needs.  Good articles describing this in some detail can be found here and here.
"&gt;DCF only works with stable cash flows  A DCF works with whatever cash flows you are willing to forecast.  If you have extreme skepticism about those forecasts then you can either adjust them, run sensitivity analyses, or use a significantly higher discount rate (or all three).   All of those approaches will help you establish upper and lower bounds for a valuation.  &gt;Facebook could argue, the core rationale for the acquisition was to stay current with their users keeping their core product attractive to their customers (advertisers).  So what you're saying is that Facebook can forecast that by acquiring Snapchat they're able to ""keep X users for Y period of time"" but they then can't make the next logical leap to figure out how to apply a profit/revenue factor to those user numbers in order to create a suitable DCF?"
"how is the money the FDIC has collected Fees collected from the banks: The FDIC receives no Congressional appropriations – it is funded by premiums that banks and thrift institutions pay for deposit insurance coverage and from earnings on investments in U.S. Treasury securities. http://www.fdic.gov/about/learn/symbol/index.html They also use the proceeds from liquidating the assets of failed banks to make payouts. Are there country specific agencies with a similar mission? Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Instituto para la Ptotección al Ahorro Bancario (Mexico) Financial Services Compensation Scheme (UK) not quite like the FDIC You'll have to search for others yourself. :) Most importantly, are there any examples of a similar system that has failed? As the Mythbusters say, ""failure is always an option.""   There is a statement on FDIC's website to the effect that they are backed by the ""full faith and credit"" of the U.S. government. That said, the FDIC maintains its own fund to make insurance payouts. Granted, in the shakiness of the 2008-2009 financial crisis they did start waving a red flag about their realistic ability to cover their obligation. Practically speaking, the government will likely step in if necessary. This 2008 article regarding a propsed revamp of the UK's FSCS should be of general interest to you on this topic, though it does not answer the question of failed systems.  (Well, as far as I know.  I have only skimmed the article.)"
Oh Comcast. I once asked for just internet and they said triple play would be cheaper than just internet. I asked to confirm if the entire cost of the bundle a month was cheaper than than just the internet and they said yes. Later down the line I called to disconnect a service and see, turns out they flat out lied to me. I just moved last week into a new place (well, not everything yet) and called to transfer my service. They said I needed to have an install person come out. I called them out and was put on hold for 20 minutes (not exaggerating, I watched the timer) before he got back to me and said yes, it looks like you *can* do the self install. Unhelpful pricks.
I say fire his ass as well as the rest of their board for allowing this to happen!  On a totally unrelated note, does it look to anyone else that he's had a stroke?  The whole right side of his face is drooping compared to his left.
I look at the following ratios and how these ratios developed over time, for instance how did valuation come down in a recession, what was the trough multiple during the Lehman crisis in 2008, how did a recession or good economy affect profitability of the company. Valuation metrics: Enterprise value / EBIT (EBIT = operating income) Enterprise value / sales (for fast growing companies as their operating profit is expected to be realized later in time) and P/E Profitability: Operating margin, which is EBIT / sales Cashflow / sales Business model stability and news flow
Sure, I'll agree with that.  Politicians are corrupt as fuck.  They only listen to money.  That's why I don't trust politicians, and I don't support them raising taxes.  They can cry about schools or roads, but the money really goes to war and bombs.  Fuck them all.
GM acquired the startup Cruise Automation to develop their robotaxis for $680 million (it was money well spent).  Cruise was cofounded and is led by Kyle Vogt who sold his first company, Twitch, for a billion dollars to Amazon in 2014 at age 29.  So he's already had his *PayPal payday* and now, as Cruise CEO and the youngest GM vice president ever, he's doing what he really wants to do, which is build self driving cars.   Vogt and the Cruise team have the full force of General Motors behind them, they basically have free rein to strip the company for parts. I guess it should be noted that Vogt participated in the 2004 Darpa Self Driving Car Grand challenge as an MIT junior. It's been his thing since he was a kid. So watch out; Kyle Vogt is major League. Right now Kyle belongs to GM, but in 5 or 10 years GM will belong to him.  Autopilot 2, which is Tesla's better late than never autonomous driving system has yet to surpass the capabilities of the comparatively tiny  Mobileye eyeq3 chip used in Autopilot 1.  Musk claimed last October that AP2 would be able to drive coast to coast without intervention before the end of the year, which is bs. I honestly don't know how they managed to get it so wrong.   The Autopilot division is now on it's 4th director in a year, all is not well. The AP2 system is way underpowered. Magical thinking isn't going to make cars drive themselves, you need LIDAR, high res 3d maps, giant fucking computers, and it takes years to fully  validate these systems and train them to handle every conceivable edge case that can occur in real world drivjng. Cruise has been at it since 2013.  So when you see GM execs acting cocky, and calling Elon full of shit, there's a reason for it.
I just decided to start using GnuCash today, and I was also stuck in this position for around an hour before I figured out what to do exactly. The answer by @jldugger pointed me partially on the right track, so this answer is intended to help people waste less time in the future.  (Note: All numbers have been redacted for privacy issues, but I hope the images are sufficient to allow you to understand what is going on. ) Upon successfully importing your transactions, you should be able to see your transactions in the Checking Account and Savings Account (plus additional accounts you have imported). The Imbalance account (GBP in my case) will be negative of whatever you have imported. This is due to the double-entry accounting system that GnuCash uses.    Now, you will have to open your Savings Account.   Note that except for a few transactions, most of them are going to Imbalance. These are marked out with the red rectangles.   What you have to do, now, is to click on them individually and sort them into the correct account. Unfortunately (I do not understand why they did this), you cannot move multiple transactions at once. See also this thread. Fortunately, you only have to do this once.  This is what your account should look like after it is complete.   After this is done, you should not have to move any more accounts, since you can directly enter the transactions in the Transfer box. At this point, your Accounts tab should look like this:  Question solved!
"But why? To expand Amazon's Fresh delivery service? Whole Foods is stupid expensive to shop at, I'm not sure at what premium I'd be willing to have home delivery.  Edit: a Politico article gives a clearer reason: ""But the purchase of Whole Foods and its 460 stores in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. gives the company access to instant infrastructure — including the expensive facilities needed for handling perishables — in scores of urban and suburban markets.""   That makes sense, I'm assuming since Whole Foods hasn't been in the best financial shape recently it was ripe to be acquired."
Just from my experience and observation... VC there are spikes of activity.  Where many deals are closing and board meetings and issues pile up on top of each other and happen all at once.  But VC there are lulls where not much is going on.  PE is more consistent and predictable in general.  Yes of course exceptions arise but I found PE to be more 9 to 5 ish.
So your dollar never leaves America until it leaves for an investment - which would be FDI. If you sent the dollar home to Mexico, that’s a remittance current account flow. Then later, you want to use that dollar for a housing investment in Mexico, it’s just domestic investment. If you move to the US, I believe that’s another remittance flow (though it might even be a service flow because the bank is the one moving the dollar!). Then to invest in Mexico you need to go through an FDI channel.
Gotcha.  So they essentially are just your normal dude that puts money in the stock market, just bigger money.  For example, I may buy a few stocks in Apple in the hopes that I can exit at a higher price and have higher dividends.  Those big investors are doing the same thing for the 2 benefits I said earlier, but they have more money to invest.  Or do they get other benefits that us average stock holders dont get?  Thanks for the first reply.
Yes, and there are almost no checks (no pun intended) on people pulling money from your account using a routing number. It is an EXTREMELY insecure system. If you want a real Halloween scare, read this article: Easy Check Fraud Technique Draws Scrutiny. Unfortunately you just have to live with it. If you are curious why this loophole is allowed to continue, consider how hard it is to close it without undermining the convenience of checks. Short of you going to the bank with each person you write a check to and showing ID to validate the transaction, I don't see how you could continue to use a negotiable instrument like this without such a security hole.  The ultimate answer is going to have to be replacing checks with other means of payment.
Continually be careful about where will source the motorcycle spare parts you'll require. It should reliably be in top condition for spare parts are essential for your prosperity. Your Indian 341 motorcycle spares parts are a champion among the most basic components that should be held inside legal proper limits. Here you will have the ability to acknowledge what the standard causes motorcycle spares are obliterating, in like manner understand how routinely you should get your motorcycle spare parts repairs.
Two reasons are typically cited (I've heard these from Dave Ramsey): So I wouldn't refinance to a 15-year loan just for item 2, but would definitely look at it for the better interest rates.
Aren't K-Mart and Sears essentially competing against one another? Why not merge the 2 store. Call it S-Mart.. Smart shopping.. blah blah. Have a section of the store that sells simply electronics, tools, fridges, make it the Sears portion kiosk or something and then just merge the Sears soft lines and clothing into the K-Mart part.
It's a what-if? sort of question. What if rates stay down or trend only slightly higher, despite no QE? look at other countries response to tepid economies. My experience as professional advisor (25 yrs) tells me the future is unknowable and diversity is good. Make alternative choices- they all won't work wonderfully, but some will.
"&gt;""Those measures all reflect a new way of measuring VaR though, one that switches the model from a four-year look to just one year, removing the rocky years of 2008 and 2009 from the current measure""  From my understanding (and I'm no risk mgmt or quant), and the specifics are lacking some in both articles, excluding 2008 and 2009 reduces the volatility of results in their VaR model. If you look at a chart of S&amp;P Volatility, you can see that 2008 and 2009 were anomalies, even though volatility was prevalent in every year since, until 2012.  [VIX](http://chart.finance.yahoo.com/z?s=%5eVIX&amp;t=5y&amp;q=&amp;l=&amp;z=l&amp;a=v&amp;p=s&amp;lang=en-US&amp;region=US)"
Great news.  Lack of collateral options for the poor is a huge problem in developing countries that leads to lack of development and a poor entrepreneur environment.  If a farmer is now allowed to use livestock to secure a loan, it means more  economic growth from the poorest individuals.
"There are moral distinctions that can be drawn between gambling and investing in stocks. First and I think most important, in gambling you are trying to get money for nothing. You put $100 down on the roulette wheel and you hope to get $200 back. In investing you are not trying to get something for nothing. You are buying a piece of a hopefully profit-making company. You are giving this company the use of your money, and in exchange you get a share of the profits. That is, you are quite definitely giving something: the use of your money for a period of time. You invest $100 of your money, and you hope to see that grow by maybe $5 or $10 a year typically. You may get a sudden windfall, of course. You may buy a stock for $100 today and tomorrow it jumps to $200. But that's not the normal expectation. Second, gambling is a zero sum game. If I gamble and win $100, then someone else had to lose $100. Investing is not a zero sum game. If I buy $100 worth of stock in a company and that grows to $200, I have in a sense ""won"" $100. But no one has lost $100 to give me that money. The money is the result of the profit that the company made by selling a valuable product or service to customers. When I go to the grocery store and buy a dozen eggs for $2, some percentage of that goes to the stockholders in the grocery store, say 5 cents. So did I lose 5 cents by buying those eggs? No. To me, a dozen eggs are worth at least $2, or I wouldn't have bought them. I got exactly what I paid for. I didn't lose anything. Carrying that thought further, investing in the stock market puts money into businesses. It enables businesses to get started and to grow and expand. Assuming these are legitimate businesses, they then provide useful products and services to customers. Gambling does not provide useful products and services to anyone -- except to the extent that people enjoy the process of gambling, in which case you could say that it is equivalent to playing a video game or watching a movie. Third -- and these are all really related -- the whole goal of gambling is to take something from another person while giving him nothing in return. Again, if I buy a dozen eggs, I give the store my $2 (or whatever amount) and I get a dozen eggs in exchange. I got something of value and the store got something of value. We both walk away happy. But in gambling, my goal is that I will take your money and give you nothing in return. It is certainly true that buying stocks involves risk, and we sometimes use the word ""gamble"" to describe any risk. But if it is a sin to take a risk, then almost everything you do in life is a sin. When you cross the street, there is a risk that you will be hit by a car you didn't see. When you drink a glass of water, there is the risk that it is contaminated and will poison you. When you get married, there is a risk that your spouse will divorce you and break your heart. Etc. We are all sinners, we all sin every day, but we don't sin quite THAT much. :-) (BTW I don't think that gambling is a sin. Nothing in the Bible says that gambling is a sin. But I can comprehend the argument for it. I think gambling is foolish and I don't do it. My daughter works for a casino and she has often said how seeing people lose money in the casino regularly reminds her why it is stupid to gamble. Like she once commented on people who stand between two slot machines, feed them both coins and then pull the levers down at the same time, ""so that"", she said, ""they can lose their money twice as fast"".)"
"Wrong again, bucko. I don't believe in any gods floating around in the heavens watching our little ant farm here. It's fucking laughable. I can't believe ANYONE believes that bullshit anymore.   But I respect people's right to believe in Jesus, Allah, Buddha, or the Easter Bunny, as long as they don't go around killing people in the name of their god, like muslims do.   And as I stated before, islam has been misclassified. Islam is no religion, it is actually an organized terror group, wanting to dominate the entire world, and anyone not believing in their terrorist group or their god, is an infidel, and is the enemy, and must be destroyed, per their own ""handbook"", the Koran. You have the worst argument in the history of mankind.   Don't run away just because your position is indefensible and retarded. Stand and face the music. Your mind might expand. Repent your retardation, son. I will forgive you! I can be your new fucking god."
&gt;Any business that can't generate enough cashflow to pay their employees a living wage is a shity business. Unemployment is down and minimum wage has gone up and yet there is still a record number of job openings.  Again, this is irrelevant. For an employee to be paid a certain wage, he must provide value that is greater than that wage. This is because if the employee doesn't, he is a net *cost* to the employer. A shitty business or the current economic status regarding unemployment / job openings doesn't disprove this.  Furthermore, the city of Seattle recently pursued a minimum wage increase to $15 which was studied by University of Washington. I encourage you to read the study.  https://evans.uw.edu/sites/default/files/NBER%20Working%20Paper.pdf
No what is killing the postal service is the internet.  I receive 0 monthly bills anymore all my communication is online or phone.  I don't use the PO anymore and neither do a lot of others.  They are over built for current demand and have to scale back.
"The answer is ""it depends"".  What does it depend on? If it's a breakup situation, good luck. Whatever you do, get this issue settled as quickly as possible. In the future, don't make significant purchases with people unless you have a written contract or you are married."
Who gives a shit? The government is actually giving an incentive to innovate and be a world leader.. They're not taxing, they're not regulating, they're just promoting a form of energy that doesn't require money to go to hostile states such as Russia, Saudi Arabia, West Virginia, or Venezuela
From the press release Based on Aspiro's closing share price of SEK 0.66 as of 29 January   2015, the Offer values each Aspiro share at SEK 1.05 and the total   value of the Offer at approximately SEK 464 million.[3] The Offer   represents a premium of..... It seems you will get cash. I can't explain the pop to 11. You don't have any option to keep the shares.
Collagen synthesis is essential in assisting with injuries and it also helps keep our skin healthy, flexible, long lasting, and younger. If you are also want to know the benefit of best vitamin c supplement, then you can prefer our most useful books that are offering best information about vitamin C.
Here at Depot Dash Ltd, we have a modern 40,000 sq ft warehousing facility that could accommodate all of your items. Our place is equipped with cutting edge systems to provide outstanding services. These include full-size floor to ceiling racking systems, computerised management system, high bay racking, and many more. To learn more about our services, go to depotdash.com.
This article addresses a man who specifically lost his skilled work to outsourcing to India. No one is talking about dishwashing level work here, that's more relevant to ILLEGAL immigration, and the practice of hiring illegal labor off the books by businesses.  Jobs that people don't want should pay more. That' supply and demand, the free market.  Janitors makes $15-30/ hr, more than easier low wage jobs. Maids make $25-60/hr. Garbage men make $20-60/hr.  Illegal people do it for less because they don't have full rights as citizens, and thus have less leverage to negotiate pay. Their pervasiveness gives legal citizens less leverage to negotiate their pay. I think the honest solution to illegal immigration is to seek ways to make legal immigration and naturalization more reasonably accessible while also cracking down on illegal hiring practices.  I DONT think the solution is to reserve our less desirable work to a slave class of any sort. I'm not for unions, but the negotiating power and well being of the American labor force should be protected always.  If the pay reflects the labor, people will do the work. Blue collar Americans do all sorts of disgusting, difficult, and/or dangerous work as long as it is at a premium.  This article is more about the negotiating power of americans lost to corporations taking skilled work and outsourcing it ~~at minimum wage levels of employment~~ (article said $60k or more) to those desperate for a living wage and/or citizenship. How to address that, I don't know.   Edit:not min wage, $60k
They're getting there though.  Amazon was a game changer with their retail side of things.  But with the vast amount of 3rd party sellers and lack of oversight, mixed with brick and mortar finding a way to keep prices similar or lower to Amazon, I think they did catch up.
Agreed, but you also have to consider that wages have not kept pace with house price growth. Many millenials in Canada either can't afford a home or took a mortgage with a small down payment that will put them underwater if interest rates go up or they lose their job.   We live within 100km of the border, but there are only 35 million of us too. And population growth is slow, even with immigration. Once the boomers die off there's going to be more housing available than demand, they are just holding on longer than expected.
Royal White Marmo has best marble stones such as Agria figrative, Aarna, Aravli Oneyx, Dharmeta Jaal, J K figurative, J K Brown, Morwad white, Nirzarna Brown, Nirzarna Black line, Nirzarna White, Oneyx lady green, Oneyx lady pink, pink figurative, Sapol, Sawar figurative, Talai brown, Talai, Talai white, Umraya figurative, Umraya white, Vani figurative etc. http://www.slideserve.com/royalw/indian-marble
And? They're still old. You don't see hipsters or teenagers in the commercials which means they're targeted at old people who have nothing better to do than look up history (or buy gold, but that's on Fox).
"You are correct that a share of stock in a company has zero intrinsic value.  Even if the company typically pays dividends, there's no guarantee that it will continue to do so.  A share's only worth comes from: So that's one step better than a Ponzi scheme, because in a Ponzi scheme there's not actually any value present behind the scenes, making option (2) literally impossible. In this way company stock is similar to paper money.  It's only worth something because people believe it's worth something. Slightly better than company stock is company bonds.  Since a bond is a contract between you and the company, if the company should go out of business then bondholders at least get to stand near the front of the line when the company's assets are liquidated. I work in finance, and the vast majority of my colleagues agree that the secondary stock market (what the average citizen simply calls ""the stock market"") is a giant confidence game.  And yet it's so profitable to believe in the value of equities the way everyone else does, that we all happily pretend these ones and zeroes we move around have actual value."
"It all depends on what your financial goals are when you are ready.  You sound like you could be ready today if you wanted to be.  The steps that I would take are. Create a monthly draft budget.  This doesn't have to be something hard and fast, just a gague of what your living expenses would be compared to your after-tax salary.  Make sure there  would be room for ""fun"" money. a. Consider adding a new car fund line item to this budget, and deducting that amount from your paycheck starting now so that you can save for the car. Based on the most realistic estimate that you can make, you'll get a good idea if you want to spend the money it takes to move out alone now or later.  You'll also see the price for various levels of rentals in your area (renting a single family home, townhouse, condo, apartment, living in a rented room or basement, sharing a place with friends, etc) and know some of the costs of setting up for yourself.  Since you're looking at the real estate market, you may want to do a cost comparison of renting versus buying.  I've found the New York Times interactive graphic on this is excellent.  If you are looking to buy, make sure to research the hidden costs of buying thoroughly before taking this step. To answer your last question, if you have the cash you should consider upping your 401K investment (or using Roth or regular IRA).  Make sure you are investing enough to get your full employer match, if your employer offers one, and then get as close as you can to government maximum contribution limits.  Compound interest is a big deal when you are 23."
This article is almost as bad as Fox News, but I'd expect that from a SF paper covering gun companies. Let's stir up some controversy on what this firm is doing?! Are they trying to take over the world and arm all the evil-doers?! Well, no... Are they really controlled by a super-liberal that will dismantle them to keep bad guns away from society?! Well, no...  Turns out it is just a smart play by a firm that sees an opportunity to make money.  Now let's wrap it up with a story about a sweet old man that helped out his former employees.  WAIT, WHAT?! How is this considered journalism?
This is literally the thought process that caused the 2008 collapse, the only difference being the bonds consisted of sub-prime mortgages. Not saying its a bad idea, honestly you could make a lot of money, but macro-economically its a shit-storm brewing in the distance.
"I'd probably say ""buy"" for most situations. Unless you have a long-term lease, you're going to be saddled with elastic/rising rents if the market tightens up, while with a purchase you usually have fixed expenses (with the exception of property taxes/condo fees) and you are gaining equity. As I've gotten older, the prospect of moving is more and more daunting. The prospect of being essentially kicked out of my home when the landlord decides to sell the property or raise the rent is a turn-off to me."
You're describing a dynamic that may contribute to lower house prices. It doesn't however speak to how those prices got so lofty, so untethered from wages and the broader economy to begin with and why the losses from the fall were amplified so many times over.  That's a story you can't tell without working through the systemic fraud.
"You can do several things: After the fact: If you believe the stock will go up, you can buy more stock now, it's what's called ""averaging"". So, you bought 100 at $10, now it's at $7. To gain money from your original investment it needs to raise to over $10. But if you really think it'll go up, you can buy and average. So you buy, say, 100 more stock at $7, now you have 200 shares at $8.50 average so you gain money on your investment when the stock goes over $8.50 instead of $10.  Of course, you risk losing even more money if the stock keeps going down. Before the fact: When you buy stock, set 'triggers'. In most trading houses you can set automatic triggers to fire on conditions you set. When you buy 100 shares at $10, you can set a trigger to automatically sell the 100 shares if it drops below $9, so you limit your losses to 10% (for example)."
This was called Financial repression by Edward S. Shaw and Ronald I. McKinnon from Stanford (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_repression). Financial repression is the situation, when government is stealing from people, who rely heavily on saving, rather then on spending. Meaning that your saving rates will be a lot worse then inflation rate. Financial markets are artificially hot and interest rates artificially low (average historical interest rate is 10%). This could be a possible predictor state to hyper-inflation.
It would depend on how those banks behaved in the market. Seven can own all.the houses and there would be no problem, it only becomes illegal if those banks then collude to fix prices (or some other monopolostic practice). It's important to remember that monopolies are not illegal per se.
I don't see at as realistic. We all get less money to survive, except those who are automating their businesses have more money. Everyone wants more money, so yes, people will take on more jobs, etc.  The only way this will work long term is to have a highly redistributive tax policy, IMO.
Somebody will have to file all the required paperwork and fees with the local government, state government and even the federal government. This paperwork is used by these governments to record who owns the property and how it is owned.  Prior to the settlement date they also will need to verify how the property is described and owned so that you are sure that you are being sold the exact property you expect, and that it is delivered to you free and clear of all other debts. If this is done wrong you might discover years later that you paid money for something that you don't really own. In some jurisdictions this has to be done via a law office, in others there is no requirement for a lawyer. Because a mortgage company, bank, or credit union is giving you money for the loan, they may require you to use a settlement attorney. They don't want to discover in 5 years that a simple mistake will cost them hundreds of thousands to fix. The mortgage company is required to give you a more detailed estimate of all the closing costs before you are committed to the loan. The quoted paragraph is not good enough. Even if you can avoid the use of a lawyer these functions still need to be done by somebody, and that will still cost money.
Kentucky property tax is assessed as of the owner on January 1 of each calendar year.  In April you should be notified of what KY considers you to owe them, and you have a two week period in May to appeal those decisions (though it appears that you can only appeal Real property tax assessments).  The final tax bill is then sent to you in the fall, by October, and you have until the end of the year to pay the bill. See Kentucky Property Tax Calendar Overview for more details. Thus, if you owned the car on Jan 1 2016, then you should owe personal property tax on it for 2016 due in the fall.  You may not have owed the tax paid in November, if it was indeed personal property tax, unless the seller was asking you to recompense them for the tax they paid in 2015. Note that property tax is separate and distinct from usage tax, the 6% tax for vehicles paid at purchase date (once and only once).
"Yes, but it is between State controlled crony capitalism (Trump/Republicans/Corporate Third Way Democrats under the Clintons) versus American voter controlled social democracy (under Bernie progressives). The ""free market"" has a place under Bernie progressives, but it is FREE for most Americans because a central government (fully accountable to Americans and NOT to special interests) keeps corporate cartels and profit-seeking predators at bay."
"I realize that ""a million dollars"" is   a completely arbitrary figure, but   it's one people fixate on. Perhaps   folks just meant it's getting easier   because inflation has made it a far   less lofty sum than when the word   ""millionaire"" was coined. Your point is correct - it' relatively easier as the 1 million dollar nowadays is no where as valuable as compared in the old days after the inflation adjustment. However the way to achieve that is easier said than done: The most possible way is to run your own business (assuming you will make profit). For most of the people running a job to earn a living - the job income is the biggest factor. Being extremely frugal wouldn't help much if you don't maximize your income potential. Earning a million dollar through investment? How much capitals are you able to invest in? 5k? 50k? 500k? I see no way to earn 1 million with 5k from investment, I wouldn't call it easy. This again depends on your income. With better income of course you could dedicate a larger portion to investment, without exposing too much risk and having to affect your way of life. (3) Invest some part of your income   over a long period of time and let the   stock market do the work I'd say this is more geared towards beating the inflation and earn a few extra bucks instead of getting very rich (this is being very relative).  Just a word of cautions, the mindset of investment being the shortcut to wealth is very dangerous and often leads to speculative behavior."
Snap relies on Google for computing, storage and other bandwidth needs. It signed the five-year agreement on Jan. 30, 2017, three days before it filed to go public.  Other costs of revenue include payments to content partners, costs of creating content and inventory costs for Spectacles, the company’s camera-enable sunglasses. The company notes that costs related to Spectacles are expected to be higher than revenue from the product, at least for the near future.  http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-snapchat-is-losing-so-much-money-2017-02-08
"The IRS provides a little more information on the subject on this FAQ: Will I be charged interest and penalties for filing and paying my taxes late?: If you did not pay your tax on time, you will generally have to pay a late-payment penalty, which is also called a failure to pay penalty. Some guidance on what constitutes ""reasonable cause"" is found on the IRS page Penalty Relief Due to Reasonable Cause: The IRS will consider any sound reason for failing to file a tax return, make a deposit, or pay tax when due. Sound reasons, if established, include: Note: A lack of funds, in and of itself, is not reasonable cause for failure to file or pay on time. However, the reasons for the lack of funds may meet reasonable cause criteria for the failure-to-pay penalty. In this article from U.S. News and World Report, it is suggested that the IRS will generally waive the penalty one time, if you have a clean tax history and ask for the penalty to be waived.  It is definitely worth asking them to waive the penalty."
If you have the ability to collectively bargain, who are you to say those workers can't use capitalism to its full advantage?  You seem to be under the impression that a negotiation is a one way affair and should be kept that way.  No wonder you make less than $250k a year, am I right?
Ok, so by doubling down you mean when I said that ms as well as 3/4 of the country don't consider sexual orientation a protected class...ok, then apparently I am not the only one who has their mind made up.   You entire argument is based on it being a protected class...it is, but only in a few states. Ms is not one of them. I agree that they should not think like that and their business should hurt because they are bigots...but that does not mean another business can do the same thing because you agree with them.  It is ok to have a difference of opinion but you seem to think that a company providing a service based on their bias is ok for some and not for others. How can you not see the similar aspects of the two.   I agree with you that ms is wrong in this case, and I also agree that the nazi wannabes are wrong...We are on the same side...but I don't think that PayPal should get a free pass when it aligns with my thinking. They are not offering service based on an ideal, the businesses in ms were as well. So, I think they are both wrong and should be blasted in public...either you can show biased when dealing with customers or you can't. It is that simple.   You are agreeing with a company choosing to do business with whom they want to, but then you are doubling down on having another business doing the same thing because you think that sexual orientation is a protected class everywhere.  If it was we would not be having this discussion, but here we are. You are trying to have it both ways. I don't know how else to explain it.
"(This answer refers to the US investment landscape) I'm not sure your classification of funds as direct and regular accurately reflects the nature of the mutual fund industry.  It's not the funds themselves that are ""direct"" or ""regular.""  Rather it's the way an investor chooses to invest in them.  If you make the investment yourself through your brokerage account, you may say it's a direct investment.  If you pay a financial advisor to do this for you, it's ""regular."" For a given fund, you could make the investment yourself or you could use an advisor. Note that many funds have various share classes.  Share classes may be accessed in different ways.  The institutional class may be accessible through your 401(k) or perhaps not even there, for example.  The premium class may require a certain minimum investment.  Some classes will have a front-end-load or back-end-load.  Each of these will have a different expense ratio and fees even though the money ends up in the same portfolio.  These expenses are, by law, publicly available in the prospectus and in numerous other places.  Share classes with higher fees will earn less each year after fees, just as you suggest.  Your intuition is correct on this point. Now, there is one fee to be aware of that funds either have or do not have.  That's a 12b-1 fee.  This fee is a kickback to financial advisors who funnel your money into their fund.  If you use a financial advisor, he or she will likely put your money into these funds because they have a financial incentive to do so.  That way they get paid twice: once by you and once by the mutual fund.  It has been robustly shown in the finance academic literature that funds without this fee dominate (are better in some ways and in no ways worse than) funds with this fee. I suppose you could say that funds and share classes with a 12b-1 fee were designed for ""regular"" investment and those without were designed for ""direct"" but that doesn't mean you can't invest in a 12b-1 fee fund directly nor that you can't twist your advisor's arm into getting you into a good fund without a 12b-1.  Unfortunately, if you have this level of knowledge, then you probably don't need a financial advisor."
Credit cards are great. You get free money for 30+ days and a bunch of additional benefits like insurance, extended warranties and reward programs. When vendors don't behave, you dispute the charge with the credit card and they deal with it on your behalf. Just get a fee-free American Express card and pay the balance off each month.  There's nothing wrong with using cash either, but I would avoid debit cards like the plague.
"I think the idea here is that because of the way mortgages are amortized, you can drop additional principal payments in the early years of the mortgage and significantly lower the overall interest expense over the life of the loan. A HELOC accrues interest like a credit card, so if you make a large principal payment using a HELOC, you will be able to retire those ""chunks"" of debt quicker than if you made normal mortgage payments. I haven't worked out the numbers, but I suspect that you could achieve similar results by simply paying ahead -- making even one extra payment per year will take 7-9 years off of a 30 year loan. I think that the advantage of the HELOC approach is that if you borrow enough, you may be able to recalculate/lower the payment of the mortgage."
This very topic was the subject of a question on workplace SE https://workplace.stackexchange.com/questions/8996/what-can-relocation-assistance-entail TL/DR;  From tax publication 521 - Moving expenses table regarding how to report IF your Form W-2 shows... your entire reimbursement reported   as   wages in box 1         AND you have... moving expenses    THEN... file Form 3903 showing all allowable  expenses,* but do not   show any   reimbursements. There are tax implications Covered in tax publication 521 - Moving expenses and Employers tax guide to Fringe Benefits related to moving expenses. From the Employers View: Moving Expense Reimbursements This exclusion applies to any amount you directly or indirectly give to an employee, (including services furnished in kind) as payment for, or reimbursement of, moving expenses. You must make the reimbursement under rules similar to those described in chapter 11 of Publication 535 for reimbursement of expenses for travel, meals, and entertainment under accountable plans. The exclusion applies only to reimbursement of moving expenses that the employee could deduct if he or she had paid or incurred them without reimbursement. However, it does not apply if the employee actually deducted the expenses in a previous year.   Deductible moving expenses.   Deductible moving expenses include only the reasonable expenses of: Moving household goods and personal effects from the former home to the new home, and Traveling (including lodging) from the former home to the new home. Deductible moving expenses do not include any expenses for meals and must meet both the distance test and the time test. The distance test is met if the new job location is at least 50 miles farther from the employee's old home than the old job location was. The time test is met if the employee works at least 39 weeks during the first 12 months after arriving in the general area of the new job location. For more information on deductible moving expenses, see Publication 521, Moving Expenses. Employee.   For this exclusion, treat the following individuals as employees. A current employee. A leased employee who has provided services to you on a substantially full-time basis for at least a year if the services are performed under your primary direction or control. Exception for S corporation shareholders.   Do not treat a 2% shareholder of an S corporation as an employee of the corporation for this purpose. A 2% shareholder is someone who directly or indirectly owns (at any time during the year) more than 2% of the corporation's stock or stock with more than 2% of the voting power. Treat a 2% shareholder as you would a partner in a partnership for fringe benefit purposes, but do not treat the benefit as a reduction in distributions to the 2% shareholder. Exclusion from wages.   Generally, you can exclude qualifying moving expense reimbursement you provide to an employee from the employee's wages. If you paid the reimbursement directly to the employee, report the amount in box 12 of Form W-2 with the code “P.” Do not report payments to a third party for the employee's moving expenses or the value of moving services you provided in kind.  From the employees view: The not be included as income the expenses must be from an accountable plan: Accountable Plans To be an accountable plan, your employer's reimbursement arrangement must require you to meet all three of the following rules. Your expenses must have a business connection – that is, you must have paid or incurred deductible expenses while performing services as an employee of your employer. Two examples of this are the reasonable expenses of moving your possessions from your former home to your new home, and traveling from your former home to your new home. You must adequately account to your employer for these expenses within a reasonable period of time. You must return any excess reimbursement or allowance within a reasonable period of time. Also what is interesting is the table regarding how to report IF your Form W-2 shows... your entire reimbursement reported   as   wages in box 1         AND you have... moving expenses    THEN... file Form 3903 showing all allowable  expenses,* but do not   show any   reimbursements.
"So with any debt, be it a loan or a bond or anything else, you have two parts, the principal and the interest. The interest payment is calculated by applying the interest % to the principal. Most bonds are ""bullet bonds"" which means that the principle remains completely outstanding for the life of the bond and thus your interest payments are constant throughout the life of the bond (usually paid semi-annually). Typically part of the purpose of these is to be indefinitely refinanced, so you never really pay the principal back, though it is theoretically due at expiration.  What you are thinking of when you say a loan from a bank is an amortizing loan. With these you pay an increasing amount of the principal each period calculated such that your payments are all exactly the same (including the final payment).  Bonds, just like bank loans, can be bullet, partially amortizing (you pay some of the principle but still have a smaller lump sum at the end) and fully amortizing. One really common bullet structure is ""5 non-call 3,"" which means you aren't allowed to pay the principle down for the first three years even if you want to! This is to protect investors who spend time and resources investing in you!"
It's difficult to quantify the intangible benefits, so I would recommend that you begin by quantifying the financials and then determine whether the difference between the pay of the two jobs justifies the value of the intangible benefits to you. Some Explainations You are making $55,000 per year, but your employer is also paying for a number of benefits that do not come free as a contractor.  Begin by writing down everything they are providing you that you would like to continue to have.  This may include: You also need to account for the FICA tax that you need to pay completely as a part time employee (normally a company pays half of it for you).  This usually amounts to 7.8% of your income. Quantification Start by researching the cost for providing each item in the list above to yourself.  For health insurance get quotes from providers.  For bonuses average your yearly bonuses for your work history with the company.  Items like stock options you need to make your best guess on. Calculations Now lets call your original salary S.  Add up all of the costs of the list items mentioned above and call them B.  This formula will tell you your real current annual compensation (RAC): Now you want to break your part time job into hours per year, not hours per month, as months have differing numbers of working days.  Assuming no vacations that is 52 weeks per year multiplied by 20 hours, or 1040 hours (780 if working 15 hours per week).  So to earn the same at the new job as the old you would need to earn an hourly wage of: The full equation for 20 hours per week works out to be: Assumptions DO NOT TAKE THIS SECTION AS REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR SITUATION; ONLY A BALLPARK ESTIMATE You must do the math yourself.  I recommend a little spreadsheet to simplify things and play what-if scenarios.  However, we can ballpark your situation and show how the math works with a few assumptions. When I got quoted for health insurance for myself and my partner it was $700 per month, or $8400 per year.  If we assume the same for you, then add 3% 401k matching that we'll assume you're taking advantage of ($1650), the equation becomes: Other Considerations Keep in mind that there are other considerations that could offset these calculations.  Variable hours are a big risk, as is your status as a 'temporary' employee.  Though on the flip side you don't need to pay taxes out of each check, allowing you to invest that money throughout the year until taxes are due.  Also, if you are considered a private contractor you can write off many expenses that you cannot as a full time employee.
Well I'm not sure why someone with an EE degree would choose to work in IT anyways. I'd say neither degree is necessarily as important to IT as certifications and work experience, but I'd worry the EE holder would go find something better and more relevant.
"As far as I know, the answer to this is generally ""no.""  The closest thing would be to identify the stock transfer company representing the company that you want to hold and buy through them. (I have held this way, but I don't know if it's available on all stocks.)  This eliminates the broker, but there's still a ""middle man"" in the transfer company. Note this section from the Stock transfer agent Wikipedia article: A public company usually only designates one company to transfer its stock. Stock transfer agents also run annual meetings as inspector of elections, proxy voting, and special meetings of shareholders. They are considered the official keeper of the corporate shareholder records. The decision to have a single transfer company is a practical one, ensuring that there is one entity responsible for recording this data - Hence even if you could buy stock ""directly"" from the company that you want to own, it would likely still get routed through the transfer company for recording."
From the article, about the letter he allegedly sent to his employees:   It said that if President Barack Obama wins re-election and raises Siegel's taxes, he will have to lay off workers and downsize his company - or even shut it down.
If John signs the lease he is entitled to stay there for the duration of the lease regardless of the foreclosure status.   http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/renters-foreclosure-what-are-their-30064.html I would suggest that signing a year lease (even by email), with the plan to leave as early as possible is a good thing.  The key will be to make sure the penalty for leaving early is nothing. John doesn't know the status of the foreclosure, how long it will take, who might own afterwards and a lot of other unknowns.  The worst case is to be unsure of where you are living. Sign the lease, and be secure for one whole year that you know where you will be living.  Spend that year finding a new place to live.   If the bank doesn't offer you clear and obvious ways to submit rent, open an account AT THE BANK and deposit the rent there, on time. You are establishing credibility that you deserve to stay.  You still owe the rent, so pay it. They don't want to be your landlord, but don't let a bank bully you around.
The technical skills (excel, matlab, econometrics) others posted are absolutely essential, but I have seen a ton of world class number crunchers who could not put anything in context.  My advice:  - Read any annual report for any company you find somewhat interesting, aim for reading 2 or 3 a week.  This is the best way to learn real world macro economics and get a very strong grasp on financial accounting  - Practice writing about what you learn.
I'm new to investing but let me present you with my logic. Let me first say I bought at 38.01, and while I don't regret buying in, I suppose i DO regret buying in at 38.01 when I could have gotten in when it was in the 20's.  There is sort of a counter-hype lured me in.  With so many establishments saying facebook was built on hype and was going to burn a lot of investors, I actually thought it might go up.    On top of that, I believe in the company.  With their customer base, they can literally choose segments of the market and dismantle them.  Paypal? Boom, gone with a facebook payment system, Craigslist? Boom, gone with a properly implemented facebook marketplace... (all hypothetical at this point ofc) there are so many different arena's facebook can delve into with the enormous customer base they have.  And that's why I jumped in.
"And Trump said he want to help the small business more than the big business. Didn't he?  Do you realize that all those big corporate guys who left the presidential business councils is because of one reason: they hoped that they can lobby and get just what they want, the hell with the American people, and Trump said ""No!""?"
"So the ""be responsible for your own life"" attitude *sucks*; but the ""my problems can be blamed on everything and everyone around me"" attitude is *good*.  Ok.  That, in a nutshell, is the problem with America today.   Enjoy your future virtue signaling, I hope it gets you far."
"&gt; I think you would need to know the man pretty well before you could make that judgement.   I think his record speaks for itself.  &gt;A lot of people that knew him better than you do seem to have reached a different conclusion.  And a lot of them are similar bullshitters -- they wash each others backs basically.  &gt;That's someone else describing him  No, that's the description from [the front webpage of his own ""hire me as a *'technology visionary'* speaker"" operation.](http://www.sculleyspeaks.com/)  &gt;Honestly, the first part (I'm trying to imagine how he could be the quintessential of any kind of entrepreneur) is more off than the last part (which you could even imagine applying to a historian/anthropologist who had studied innovation in business &amp; tech).  The whole thing is demonstrative of the kind of bullshitter that he is... and yeah it's all ""crap"" that has nothing to do with reality.  The guy was good at marketing soda-water (or at least at taking the credit for a successful marketing campaign for soda-water, I rather highly doubt he was really responsible for any of the actual creative or critical decisions... he just got the credit for them)."
This is the sword of Damocles that's hanging over Twitter.  The Russia investigation has revealed/confirmed what Twitter's senior management has remained willfully ignorant of: that their traffic numbers are grossly inflated by bots.  I see a bunch of civil fraud litigation not too far down the line.
The fundamental issue with leverage (of any sort, really) is that the amplified downsides are extremely likely to more than cancel out amplified equivalent upsides. Example without using a major swing: 2x leverage on a 5% decline (so a 10% decline).  The 5% decline needs a 5.26% increase to get back level.  However, the 2x leverage needs an 5.55% increase to get back.  So a cycle for the unleveraged returns of -5%, +5.4% would see the unleveraged asset go up by a net +0.13% but 2x leverage would leave you at -0.28%.  Conversely, imagine 0.5x leverage (it's easy to do that: 50% cash allocation): after an underlying -5%, the 0.5x leverage needs only +5.13% to reach par.  This is basically the argument for low volatility funds. Of course, if you can leverage an asset that doesn't go down, then the leverage is great.  And for an asset with an overall positive compound return, a little leverage is probably not going to hurt, simply because there are likely to be enough upsides to cancel out downsides.
when investing in index funds Index fund as the name suggests invests in the same proportion of the stocks that make up the index. You can choose a Index Fund that tracks NYSE or S&P etc. You cannot select individual companies. Generally these are passively managed, i.e. just follow the index composition via automated algorithms resulting in lower Fund Manager costs. is it possible to establish an offshore company Yes it is possible and most large organization or High Net-worth individuals do this. Its expensive and complicated for ordinary individuals. One needs and army of International Tax Consultants / International Lawyers / etc but do I have to pay taxes from the capital gains at the end of the year? Yes Canada taxes on world wide income and you would have to pay taxes on gains in Canada. Note depending on your tax residency status in US, you may have to pay tax in US as well.
"Normally these are only generated upon an acquisition.  When you acquire a business, all the tangible and intangible assets are market to ""fair value"", with goodwill as the plug to total to the actual purchase price.    So the cash out the door is the purchase price.  Then the asset is amortized.  In the normal course you wouldn't create the intangible - the sales people salary would just be an expense."
The President can propose whatever he wants, but that has no binding power; Congress is where the authority to tax and spend lives.  The President communicates with Congress, sure.  The President's greatest authority here would be the veto, which would permit deadlocking a budget between a majority and two-thirds majority in Congress.
Ah.  See, this is where you have already misread me: &gt; . . . you attempt to construct a government and a society around false economic morality.  Why does morality have to be part of the actual solution?  It doesn’t.  Yet it can take into account moral values and immoral values.  The solution SHOULD be utilitarian - use that which works.  But not the utilitarian that throws out things that don’t quite work.  No.  It need to be a utilitarian method with foresight to see promise, and to understand the weakness of intolerance.  Our current system is actually promoting separation, building its own downfall.  A new system needs to actually be built to create unity through diversity, not for moral reasons, but for simple survival and growth.  And no one said people weren’t paid.  That was all you, bud.  I was simply saying they were able to put aside differences and survive through major setbacks to accomplish great things.  Sticking around during tough times requires either fear of the alternative, or a belief in the company or the goal.  People are NOT always selfish.
Are you seeking someone who can really understand the culture in the Austraila? At AuDatingSites you can find single partners for fun, dating and long term relationships. Our dating website provides the singles Australian. If you want to Aussie sex, then you can visit our website and find the many of contact who want to sex and partnership.You can access data can immediately by collating profile information. Also, members' behavior and attitudes can be identified easily by the site management.
[This is laughable because boomers are the ones bankrupting it and half of boomers have zero retirement savings.](https://www.consumeraffairs.com/news/baby-boomers-relying-too-much-on-social-security-041317.html)  Many of these don't even have a semblance of a pension plan and are completely reliant on Social Security at this point. But sure blame the millennials for something that they had no control or influence on and give the boomers yet another free pass from any semblance of responsibility for the current state of affairs.
Hey there good looking! If you’re new here &amp; looking for legit work at home, please check out my free Work At Home Guide. You may also want to subscribe to my Email list orRSS feed for updates on topics like the one on this page. And if you can’t get enough me, you can also follow me on . Good luck!
"Welcome to Personal Finance and Money. This answer will depend a lot on what is most important to the buyer, for example, whether it is important to always be in a newer car, to save money, or strike a balance between the two. There are trade-offs and I don't think there is one right answer for all circumstances. Leasing Leasing does make financial sense for at least two types of people I'm aware of: The company I work for provides company cars to sales executives, which we lease. We lease because it wouldn't be appropriate for a salesperson to meet a client in a car that clearly appears used. Similarly, I know people who value being in a newer car all the time, and for them, leasing makes more financial sense then buying a new car every 2-3 years, and selling their old car which is now 2-3 years old and has depreciated significantly. They understand that they are paying more to always be able to be in a newer car. I used to work with a manager who, every time the new model of the car he owned came out, would see the car and buy it on the spot, even though he already owned last year's model, and he didn't need two cars. He just couldn't help himself; he felt he had to have the new model. It's no use sermonizing about how he ""should"" learn to save money by just being content with what he had. In reality, if he is going to buy the new model every year no matter what, he should lease rather than buy. From my experience, I would only recommend leasing if you would otherwise be buying a new car on a regular basis, and the lease would be less expensive. This is probably the most cost effective way to maintain the highest possible quality, but would cost much more than buying and holding a new car or buying a value used car. I don't see reliability as much of a factor here since the seller will have a very good idea of how much maintenance will cost, but you will pay a premium to be able to pay a fixed cost for maintenance instead of risking a worse-than-average experience. Buying New According to Edmunds and BIGResearch, only a relatively small number of people are ever in the market for a new car at a given point in time. While you do pay quite a bit more to own a brand new car instead of the same car that is 2-3 years old, there are several reasons I'm aware of why people buy new cars: Number 4 is probably the biggest reason, and many people are willing to pay for the certainty of knowing that the miles are correct, the parts are new, the car is in good working condition, etc. Additionally, some makes of cars have much higher resale values than others (such as Hondas), meaning that there isn't as large of a drop in price between a new car and a used car. Many people consider buying a new car the best way to ensure they get the best reliability since they know the initial condition of the car and can care for it meticulously from that point on. This can especially make sense when the buyer intends to keep the car for the like of the car as the buyer will then benefit from having no car payments once it is paid off. Buying Used Buying a used car is the most affordable option, but for a given quality of car the reliability can be a significant potential pitfall. It can be very difficult for a non-professional to tell whether they are getting a good value. Additionally, it is hard for an owner who wants to sell a used car in excellent condition to get the true value of the car, and much easier for an unscrupulous seller to to get the market price by selling to an unaware buyer (the ""lemons"" problem in economics). You could buy an inspected car with a limited warranty from a retail seller like CarMax or a dealership, but you often pay a significant premium that cancels out much of the biggest reason to buy used - saving money. However, there is an opportunity to save money when buying used if you're willing to compromise on the condition of the car (if you don't care whether a car has hail damage, for example), or if you are able to wait until you find a motivated/distressed seller who needs to sell quickly and is willing to sell at a discount. If cost is your primary priority, buying a used car is likely the best option, but I would recommend the following in all circumstances: If the seller isn't willing to offer both of these, I would walk away. When buying used, you will also need to consider maintenance, which will vary significantly based on the make and model of the car as well as the condition, which is another risk you need to be willing to take on if you choose to buy used."
You'd need millions of dollars to trade the number of shares it would take to profit from these penny variations.  What you bring up here is the way high frequency firms front-run trades and profit on these pennies. Say you have a trade commission of $5.  Every time you buy you pay $5, every time you sell you pay $5.  So you need a gain in excess of $10, a 10% gain on $100.  Now if you wanted to trade on a penny movement from $100 to $100.01, you need to have bought 1,000 shares totaling $100,000 for the $0.01 price movement to cover your commission costs.  If you had $1,000,000 to put at risk, that $0.01 price movement would net you $90 after commission, $10,000,000 would have made you $990.  You need much larger gains at the retail level because commissions will equate to a significant percentage of the money you're investing. Very large trading entities have much different arrangements and costs with the exchanges.  They might not pay a fee on each transaction but something that more closely resembles a subscription fee, and costs something that more closely resembles a house. Now to your point, catching these price movements and profiting.  The way high frequency trading firms purportedly make money relates to having a very low latency network connection to a particular exchange.  Their very low latency/very fast network connection lets them see orders and transact orders before other parties.   Say some stock has an ask at $101 x 1,000 shares.  The next depth is $101.10.  You see a market buy order come in for 1,000 shares and place a buy order for 1,000 shares at $101 which hits the exchange first, then immediately place a sell order at $101.09, changing the ask from $101.00 to $101.09 and selling in to the market order for a gain of $0.09 per share.
"Disclaimer: I'm not a tax professional, or an expert on S-Corps. However, I do have my own S-Corp, and my decision process for taking a distribution has nothing (directly) to do with K-1 past or present, or profit and loss.  If I have ""extra"" cash in my S-Corp, I take a distribution.  Assuming I do my taxes correctly, the money will be taxed whether I take a distribution or leave it in the business. So it really comes down to how much cash the business requires to continue operating and meeting its expenses."
"I agree. You've gotta figure that the next trilogy is worth about that much alone including worldwide box office and merchandising. And that doesn't even take into account any of the other properties or merch on existing films.  I even had to double check the story to make sure that he didn't pull another ""I keep the merch"" deal like he did with Fox in the original trilogy. I don't get it either."
I’m going to suggest something your parents may be reluctant to say: “Grow up and get out.” A man living in a van down by the river, making minimum wage, with $0 in savings has achieved something you have still failed to achieve: adulthood.  This, I believe, is more important than a man’s income or net worth. So please join us adults Bryan.  I think you’ll enjoy it.  Yes, your savings may take a hit but you will gain the respect that comes with being an adult.  I think it is worth it.
Internet happens to be the best option when it comes to finding plus size robes as most of the local stores only stock regular sized ones. There are several online stores, dealing in specialized robes and lingerie of branded companies, which are of non regular sizes. Also, the demand for plus size satin robes is on the rise, leading to business expansions by many companies.
I wonder what they would say if there was a clause preventing tax breaks from going to management? It doesn't seem like a terrible idea, but would screw over middle-management and the supervisory positions an incentive like this could create.
IMO this means one of two things: the bank thinks that 3 months from now, the interest rates it plans to offer will be lower than 1%; after 180 days, it will go up again. the bank needs more short-term cash than mid-term cash right now, so it offers you a better deal. In either case, it is unlikely that your 90 day intrest rate will be available 90 days from now, and most likely it will be below 1% unless the bank yet again needs short-term cash from its customers. With those proposed rates, I would go for half in 90 days and half in 270 days. Disclaimer: am no economist, just spent a lot of time the past year fretting over the same kind of questions.  Feel free to tell me where I'm wrong if you think I am.
Your question indicates you really don't have a good grasp on personal finance.  you might want to read a book or two.  I'd recommend attending Financial Peace University, but my buddy Joe Taxpayer would throw an egg at me for that.  Please take some sort of class. In the mean time, here is your plan:  Pay this off do not borrow more.
More leverage means more risk. There is more upside. There is also more downside. If property prices and/or rents fall then your losses are amplified. If you leverage at 90% then a 5% fall means you've lost half your money.
Basically, it will depend on the documents your employer gives you. If your employer gives you a 2015 W-2 then you would claim it as income on your 2015 taxes. If the first W-2 they give you is for 2016, then you claim it on your 2016 taxes.
"Hah, Canada has had Fox news available for years. Canada also has the Sun News Network, which although not financially connected to Fox News, is in line with them philosophically. In other words, they reject the pro-left tilt of the MSM and present an opposing point of view. The Left can't tolerate other viewpoints because they don't have arguments to refute them. Instead they shriek ""Lies"" and the intellectually lazy are drawn in.   You should try educating yourself, not to mention *think* for yourself. Quit embarrassing yourself by parroting left-wing talking points."
Alleviating and expediting the healing of injuries is just the beginning of how massage therapy can help athletes. Easing muscle pain is one reason for them to seek the help of a skilled massage therapist; after all, people who play sports often suffer from muscular pain on a regular basis.
A guy I used to work with would buy some shares in certain companies on a regular basis.  The guy in question chose Coke, Pepsi, GE, Disney and some other old stable stocks.  He just kept buying a few shared ($50 or so at a time) year after year after year.  He worked his entire life, but by the time he was ready to retire, he had a pretty sizable investment; he was worth a rather tidy sum. The moral of the story is, it is very much worth it to invest a bit at a time.  Don't bother with the idea of buying low and selling high; not right now.  Just go ahead and buy stable stocks (or shares of index funds) and wait them out.  This strategy (mixed with other retirement tactics like a 401K from work, and IRA of your own, Social Security in the US) is a good way to build wealth. Don't spend money you don't have, be ready for a long term investment and I think it makes great sense, regardless of what country you live in.
See the problem is it's very hard to see how they can leave or ask to leave. There's very little on this in the treaties. They can't be kicked out under any treaty to the best of my knowledge. The only way I can see them getting kicked out is that they are cut off from Target 2, forced to print money/introduce capital controls etc, that breaks the laws of loads of treaties and they then get kicked out of not just the Euro but also the EU.  It's all so incredibly messy.
I believe firmly that a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.    Cash your gains out and be happy with your profit.
They'll do what the U.S. did -- dump a lot of freshly made numbers into the banking system and watch the banker/speculators have fun while their economies continue to die, then wring hands, shrung shoulders and take more money from banker/speculators for their re-election campaigns.
"I find the question interesting, but it's beyond an intelligent answer.  Say what you will about Jim Cramer, his advice to spend ""an hour per month on each stock"" you own appears good to me. But it also limits the number of stocks you can own. Given that most of us have day jobs in other fields, you need to decide how much time and education you can put in. That said, there's a certain pleasure in picking stocks, buying a company that's out of favor, but your instinct tells you otherwise. For us, individual stocks are about 10% of total portfolio. The rest is indexed. The amount that ""should be"" in individual stocks? None. One can invest in low cost funds, never own shares of individual stocks, and do quite well."
Credit card interest was deductible prior to 1986. Just because it's an expense doesn't mean it needs to be deductible.   We need to move toward elimination of the income tax, we're also $20T in debt, there's gonna be cuts that people aren't gonna like but we have to move forward.
It could be a couple of things besides extra principal: I seem to remember hearing that some (shady?) lenders would just pocket extra payments if you didn't specify where they were headed, but I've also been told that this just isn't true.
"I'm not going to recommend a specific card.  New card offers pop up all the time.  My answer would be out of date in a month! As a general rule, if you pay off your balance every month, you should be looking at a cash-back or a rewards card. Cash-back cards will give you some money (say 1%) of every dollar you spend.  Some will give you larger amounts of cash-back for certain types of spending (e.g. groceries). With a Rewards card, you usually get ""points"" or ""airline miles"", which can be redeemed for merchandise, flights around the wold, concert tickets, etc. With these types of cards, it makes sense to do as much of your spending as possible with the cards, so you can maximize the benefits. Which specific card is best will depend on your shopping habits, and which bank is offering the best deal that week.  I recommend you start at http://www.creditcards.com to compare card offerings.  For cash-back cards, you can also go to http://www.creditcardtuneup.com, enter some details of your spending, and see which one will give you the most cash back."
depends entirely on the scope and where your chokepoints are.   if its a question of ginormeous amounts of data being stored in your spreadsheet and then extracted/joined with a mess of index match functions, that can quickly run up in size, and can be deftly replaced with a powerquery setup.   If it's a computation that requires a few iterative steps or complex nested lookups, but with simple inputs, then a few simply scripted UDFs can lower the complexity (and workload and size) of the workbook.   OP also mentions that the workbook is used for the display. If there is a lot of repeated deletion and adding of formats, sometimes workbook size can be seriously affected by these things cluttering up the sheet, and it can be useful to just clear those outs.   I'd say it makes sense to move away from workbooks and into something more technical if you the organizational support to do so. If one person sits and codes models in python but none of his colleagues can work on it or fix it, and it's not documented correctly, and there's no support structure, then I'd be cautious of transferring something business critical to that structure, rather than optimizing the solution that people are familiar with and can modify themselves.   But if it's a tech-savvy organization that recruits accordingly and has the technical support structures to implement changes and modifications as required by the business, I don't see any problem in using other tools.
One thing I thought of when I heard this was first announced, is how theaters actually make money. Theaters don’t make much from the movies they show, since studios take a huge portion of ticket sales for themselves, especially at release - theaters make money with concessions and value add services, which would still be in full effect even on this “movie a day” subscription model. I’m no expert in the industry though, so I could be completely wrong here, but I’d imagine if theaters have a limitation on the pass in terms of how long a movie must be out before a pass can be used to see it (thereby avoiding the super high studio ticket cost) then they can still make good money from people dropping 30 bucks for popcorn, a drink and candy before they go in to see the movie.
"If so, then if company A never pays dividends to its shareholders, then what is the point of owning company A's stock? The stock itself can go up in price. This is not necessarily pure speculation either, the company could just reinvest the profits and grow. Since you own part of a company, your share would also increase in value. The company could also decide to start paying dividend. I think one rule of thumb is that growing companies won't pay out, since they reinvest all profit to grow even more, but very large companies like McDonalds or Microsoft who don't really have much room left to grow will pay dividends more. Surely the right to one vote for company A's Board can't be that valuable.  Actually, Google for instance neither pays dividend nor do you get to vote. Basically all you get for your money is partial ownership of the company. This still gives you the right to seize Google assets if you go bankrupt, if there's any asset left once the creditors are done (credit gets priority over equity). What is it that I'm missing? What you are missing is that the entire concept of the dividend is an illusion. There's little qualitative difference between a stock that pays dividend, and a stock that doesn't. If you were going to buy the stock, then hold it forever and collect dividend, you could get the same thing with a dividend-less stock by simply waiting for it to gain say 5% value, then sell 4.76% of your stock and call the cash your dividend. ""But wait,"" you say, ""that's not the same - my net worth has decreased!"" Guess what, stocks that do pay dividend usually do drop in value right after the pay out, and they drop by about the relative value of the dividend as well. Likewise, you could take a stock that does pay dividend, and make it look exactly like a non-paying stock by simply taking every dividend you get and buying more of the same stock with it. So from this simplistic point of view, it is irrelevant whether the stock itself pays dividend or not. There is always the same decision of whether to cut the goose or let it lay a few more eggs that every shareholder has to make it. Paying a dividend is essentially providing a different default choice, but makes little difference with regards to your choices. There is however more to it than simple return on investment arithmetic: As I said, the alternative to paying dividend is reinvesting profits back into the enterprise. If the company decided to pay out dividend, that means they think all the best investing is done, and they don't really have a particularly good idea for what to do with the extra money. Conversely, not paying is like management telling the shareholders, ""no we're not done, we're still building our business!"". So it can be a way of judging whether the company is concentrating on generating profit or growing itself. Needless to say the, the market is wild and unpredictable and not everyone obeys such assumptions. Furthermore, as I said, you can effectively overrule the decision by increasing or decreasing your position, regardless of whether they have decided to pay dividend to begin with. Lastly, there may be some subtle differences with regards to things like how the income is taxed and so on. These don't really have much to do with the market itself, but the bureaucracy tacked onto the market."
You are the one lending yourself the shares to sell;you purchase the stock at market price and sell at the strike price of the option to the put seller when you exercise the option.
Is anything possible, and if so, how? Because of the circumstances, there is nothing you can do. You do not have the ISIN, nor are you a part-owner of the account.  The information you would need is:  As always, good luck.
I came to say the same thing. I've had the amazon app for years and have been doing this. If i see something I like while in a store, sometimes I'll scan it with the app and see if it's worth waiting and getting it from amazon.  *Shrug*
If you don't mind me asking, what is it that you do now?  How much, if at all, has the charter helped you get to where you are now?  I just wrote level 2 last week after passing level 1 in December.  I'm so tired now and I'm thinking hard about if it's worth it to sign up next June.
&gt; Is this good? No. It's way too much information,  ...For now. Given that computer processing speed (per price unit) is still increasing exponentially each year, and that our collective knowledge of genetics has been increasing rapidly (if not exponentially) in recent decades, establishing something like this today could clearly lead to substantial clinical improvements a decade from now.  &gt; and has real ethical-legal implications (what happens when we find other mutations?)  Presumably, you'd inform the patient so that they can watch out for any subsequent symptoms of disease related to that mutation, and - if possible - treat it before it becomes a problem. This is the entire promise of personalized medicine, gene therapies, and rapid gene sequencing.
See how you can only make the premium amount but your risk is the same as holding the stock when writing a put option.
Beware of keeping up with the Joneses. Many of your free-spending neighbors are broke. Basically, the prices of things like what you're noticing will rise as incomes in the area rise. A great example of this can be found in state capitals and college towns, where battalions of government workers or students all make just about the same amount of money and drive prices accordingly. For example, a college town tends to have a tight rental market.
It depends on what provider they are using to process your charge and if it's through a website, a phone application or a desktop application. For example, if they build a desktop application with Authorize.net, the desktop application will take your information in, and then make a webservice call with it to a secure authorize.net processing platform. Something similar is true for FirstData. However, if they are using PayPal to process your request, you are routed to a paypal site to make the charge, then the funds are sent to the merchant.  As for what is returned that also depends on the provider and the application. If you are using a website it's likely an XML response with all the information they provide upon a transaction attempt. If it's a desktop application they may just hand the cc info off to a library which processes the charge and then returns specific confirmed or denied flags. So to be totally honest without knowing the exact situation in which you are charging your card, it's impossible to know. For all you know they are putting your credit card information in a database unencrypted and then charging them all at the end of the week in one giant batch.    If you are able to find out whom they are using as a credit card processing provider then you can look for that companies developer documentation. It will provide you with all the information you are looking for including examples.
This is true Giant and Specialized do have their own stores, however, not all of them are self owned. They still sell some of their bikes to independent bike dealers.   What if we take this idea a step further for component manufacturers like FSA, ENVE, Reynolds, Ritchey, or 3T. If any of these brands were to go direct to consumer how could they do it without upsetting their distributors?
Oregon Ranches for Sale | Eastern Oregon Realtor --Visit www.jettblackburn.com to view Oregon Ranches for sale and Oregon Farms for sale. Curt Black is on of the best Burns Oregon Real Estate experts. Curt knows the inventory and has experience in selling and buying Oregon Ranches and Oregon Farms. JETT BLACKBURN REAL ESTATE INC. specializes in Burns and Eastern Oregon Land, Ranches and Acreage Call 800-573-7206 today or visit our website to view land, properties and homes for sale.
"People must simply be willing to match your orders if they know about it. You can sniff orders out if you can see them or predict them. For instance, you can look at an order book and decide who you want to get filled at, especially if you are looking at different quotes from different exchanges. So you can get a ""better"" fill just by looking at what someone is willing to pay to enter/exit their order as well as what exchange they placed their order through, and send an order to that specific exchange to match them. You (or a program) can just watch the level 2's and place an order as soon as you see one you like. The orders on the level2's do not reveal ALL interested market participants. Also many brokers have difficulty updating options quotes. Finally, options & market volatility can inflate or decrease the price of options by large percentages very quickly."
Yeshiva University &amp; all the High Schools connected to them, my boys former Yeshiva - Yeshiva Derech Hatorah, Yeshiva Chofetz Chaim, Yeshiva Chaim Berlin, and plenty of girls schools. I mean there are many many many more Yeshivas/Jewish Orthadox schools that teach what you are calling 'modern concepts'.  You are right that there are many that have an 'elitist' attitude there are many who are absolutely not like that. I also find the elitist attitude is more about the fact that many Orthadox Jews dont have to have any interaction outside of the Jewish community. They can go to Jewish Universities, work at Jewish Companies, live in predominantly Jewish neighborhood, and mostly don't need to interact with anything outside of the Jewish community.  I do find it wrong because while you can live a life of Torah Values we are supposed to be a light upon other nations and that requires some form of interaction.  Also this is fucking America. We need to be a part of this nation. Doesn't mean we need to not be Orthadox, but Jews need to show that they are invested in the communities, in politics, and the like.  But then again you gets whats happening with that school board (which I'm on the side that the state is really screwing with that school district with funding from what I have read up on the case) so it is a catch 22.  As as for not embracing modern ways, there is much about political correctness and progressive attitudes that are going far over the top. I find that Orthodox Judaism viewpoint on men &amp; women are actually pretty slanted towards women (and always have been), that Jewish religious law only applies to Jews and not non-Jews (so all that stuff that the Christians keep saying oh the old testament says this and blah blah blah) according to Jews it doesn't apply to non-Jews (only the 7 Laws of Noah apply to the Gentiles of the World according to Judaism).  Also by following the Torah, sorry but that doesn't mean we are a part of the modern civilization. If one doesn't like following Orthodox Judaism then don't do so - no one is forcing you with a gun to your head. Most Orthodox Jews I know are respectful of Conservative &amp; Reform Jews. I know where we live it is very much like that. Two of my kids are best friends with kids whose parents belong to a Conservative Synagogue. Orthodox Jews are a part of every type of career that is out there, they don't force their ideology onto others, don't try to convince people to convert, don't tell you that you are going to hell if you don't follow their teachings, and the biggest things that set Jews apart are dietary laws, following the sabbath, and all of our holidays - and how does that hurt anyone or make us not 'modern'?  Yes there are many who are not like what I wrote above but the majority are not like what you wrote
"The short answer is ""it depends"", mainly on the type of record and how old it is. Most retained records should be organized by year first, then by type. Have a look at this: http://www.bankrate.com/finance/personal-finance/how-long-to-keep-financial-records.aspx Typically, you should do the following:"
"it hasn't changed at all, as shown in his book ""the big short"".   To be sure, there is a lot of real stuff going on, but a lot of malarkey too. Hence the book ""where are all the customers yachts?"""
You have to have 9% ROI for your investment to break even. That's pretty steep. I'd pay the loan, where you have 9% promised return. Just make sure that there are no pre-payment penalties, and that you're comfortable enough with not having that money available.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-41779341) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The growth extended the robust activity reported in the previous quarter, when US GDP grew at an annual pace of 3.1%. Analysts had been expecting a sharp slowdown after back-to-back hurricanes battered several states in the quarter.  &gt; Consumer spending, which increased at a hearty 3.3% rate in the second quarter, slowed to 2.4% growth - a deceleration probably caused by the hurricanes.  &gt; The price index for consumer spending, a closely-watched measure of inflation, increased at 1.3% in the third quarter, excluding food and energy.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/79b8a9/us_growth_faster_than_expected/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~236790 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **GDP**^#1 **quarter**^#2 **growth**^#3 **President**^#4 **Department**^#5"
And I assume that is raw numbers, not corrected dollars.  Even if it were  corrected for official inflation it'd understate the change.  Anyone paying attention can tell that inflation is pretty rampant, even if the official figures pretend it's low.  Just had to pay $14 for an ordinary decent burger in a bar here, where only a few years ago it would have been $7 or $8 (metro Boston MA).
I love how the prospect of timely task completion and a greater ROI for our taxes is scaring the hell out of the copy-paste monkeys in the media and those working in the diploma mills we call universities.  They are scared it might catch on ...
I've never taken my 8 year old there, (he has been with friends parent's though) he saw right through their marketing bullshit and didn't like the food anyway - the tide is turning McDonalds, what are you going to do?
"If the balance on the low rate loan is very high (say, an IBR student loan at 6% that accumulates interest every year), and the balance on the high rate loan (say, a CC at 18%) is comparatively very small, then you'd want to make sure that you've at least ""stopped the bleeding"" on the high balance loan before starting to pay off the CC."
I've spent a lot of time in Sweden.  Hard-working and educated are among the top words I would use to describe my Swedish friends. Spent some time in Denmark and Finland too and it appears to be the same there. I don't think you can say that about many counties. Next country over, Russia, one of the top words is cynical. You won't find more cynical people about taking and giving to those who claim greater need after the horrendously failed experiment.  Also I don't think Sweden is as socialist as people make them out to be, although I have to admit I haven't researched it much. I've just spent a few months there.
I am selling in an idea.   We are running a concierge MVP to test the insight behind an idea before going into development.  Essentially what the meeting will involve is me offering the brand some free market research.  Wow, never posted on /r/business before... negative community?
That's not entirely true for Oregon. It's illegal to pump your own gas in Oregon so every gas station has to employ at least one attendant. Don't think it amounts to $0.30 per gallon but it definitely raises the price of gas being forced to pay an adult to complete a task simple enough for a child.
Thanks for that. After a while I was just writing for the enjoyment of writing (and because my wife is out of town) but it's cool that you followed it all the way and compliments are always appreciated! I long ago learned that the art of successful debate is at least 50% the ability to refrain from name calling.
You cannot roll over your 401k money in an employer's 401k plan into an IRA (of any kind) while you are still employed by that employer. The only way you can start on the conversion before you retire (as Craig W suggests) is to change employers and start rolling over money in the previous employer's 401k into your Roth IRA while possibly contributing to the 401k plan of your new employer. Since the amount rolled over is extra taxable income (that is, in addition to your wages from your  new job), you may end up paying more tax (or at higher rates) than you expect.
Total link bait title and rambling anecdotal story but they are not the same company they used to be. The CEO sold out to line his own pockets and B&amp;D was bought out by Stanley a few years ago. Large scale layoffs followed soon after and they are basically a Stanley division now, or last I heard.
Heartworm in mammals, caused by a hazardous micro organism named Dirofilaria immitis, was once a southern United States disease but has now spread to different parts of the country. This endemic can affect cats, dogs, and ferrets. Since it is a bit different for each species, the heartworm medicines for each mammal differ as well.
"My original answer contained a fundamental error: it turns out that it is not true that any exchange can create its own product to track any underlying index.  If the underlying index is copyrighted (such as the S&P indices, Russell indices, Dow Jones indices, etc.) then the exchange must enter into a licensing agreement (usually exclusive) with the copyright holder in order to use the index's formula (and name).  Without such a license the exchange would only be able to approximate the underlying index, and I don't think that happens very much (because how would you market such a product?). The CME offers several futures (and other derivatives) whose face value is equivalent to some multiple of the S&P500's value on the date when the product expires.  When such a product is actively traded, it may serve as a reasonable indicator of the ""market""'s expectation of the S&P500's future value. So, you could pay attention to the front month of the CME's S&P 500 Mini future, which trades from 17:00-16:00 Chicago time, Sunday night through Friday afternoon.  But remember that the prices quoted there are As another example, if you care about the Russell 2000 index, until 2017 the ICE Exchange happened to hold the license for its derivatives.  They traded from 20:00-17:30 New York time, Sunday night through Friday afternoon.  But in mid-2017 CME bought that license as well, so now you'll want to track it here. Moral: There's almost always some ""after hours"" product out there tracking whatever index you care about, but you may have to do some digging to find it, and it might not be all that useful for your specific purpose."
Each of your prototype or iteration should have a specific goal. In a lot of cases, it becomes difficult for a prototype to do a lot of things at a time. It could be because of anything, cost, logistics, development of the product, pitching process etc. the necessity is for several iterations that are required. It is best to get hardcore granular in such situations.
What to do with your equity?  Leave it alone...
"YES.. Management fees cut directly into your profits. A fund which achieves 8% growth but costs 1% to maintain delivers only 7% to you. Compounded over years, even a relatively small difference can add up to a significant amount of money. This is one of the advantages index funds have. They may not be as ""sophisticated"" as human-managed funds, but their expense ratio is so much lower that the end result for the investor is often as good as or better than the more expensive products. In fact, at least one study found that, for each category they researched, low expense ratio was a better predictor of good return on investment than anything else they looked at. That doesn't mean cheapest is always best or most expensive is always worst .... but it does mean you should be very, very sure an expensive fund really is that much better before choosing it. And sticking with simple index funds may be a perfectly reasonable choice."
I can't find the source but I read an article yesterday where hes stated that they ran a poll of his 8,000 workers in Florida and asked party affiliation.  If they answered Republican he sent a representative to make sure they were registered to vote.  If answered otherwise the same courtesy was not extended.  I'll keep looking for that link.    Edit: Found the  [Article](http://gawker.com/5950189/the-ceo-who-built-himself-americas-largest-house-just-threatened-to-fire-his-employees-if-obamas-elected?utm_campaign=socialflow_gawker_twitter&amp;utm_source=gawker_twitter&amp;utm_medium=socialflow)
You say  My work is steady; even if I lost my job it'd be easy to get another. Location has been static for a few years now, but I'm not sure that'll extrapolate to the future; I'm lazy, so I don't want to move, but for a significantly better job opportunity I wouldn't mind.   The general rule of thumb is that you'll come out ahead if you buy a house (with a mortgage) and live there for five years.  What you lose in interest, you make up in rent.  And living there for five years, you make back your closing costs in equity.  If you're there less than five years though, you don't make back the closing costs.  You'd have been better off renting.   Historically (up to about twenty years ago), your mortgage payment and rent payment for the same basic property would be about the same.  I.e. if your current landlord sold you what you are renting, your mortgage payment would be roughly the same as your rent.  Maybe a little lower or a little higher but about the same.  More recently, it hasn't been strange to see a divergence in those.  Now it is not uncommon for a mortgage payment to be 50% higher than rent on the same property.   This has some consequences.  First, your $1000 rent probably won't stretch as far as a $1000 mortgage payment.  So you'll be buying something that you'd only pay $650 or $700 rent.  Second, if you move and can't sell immediately, you'll get less in rent than you'd pay in mortgage.  Rather than contributing to your income, the property will require subsidy just to maintain the mortgage.  And in the early years of the mortgage, this means that you're paying all of the principal (equity) and some of the interest.   Buying a duplex makes this worse.  You have your side and their side.  You can substitute your $1000 rent for half of the mortgage payment.  Meanwhile, they are paying $700 in rent.  You have to subsidize the mortgage by $300.  Plus, you are talking about hiring a property management company to do things like lawn maintenance.  There goes another $100 a month.  So you are subsidizing the mortgage by $400.   I don't know real estate prices in Utah, but a quick search finds a median house price over $200,000.  So it seems unlikely that you are buying new construction with new appliances.  More likely you are buying an existing duplex with existing appliances.  What happens when they fail?  The renter doesn't pay for that.  The property management company doesn't pay for that (although they'll likely arrange for it to happen).  You pay for it.   Also, it often takes a bit of time to clean up the apartment after one tenant leaves before the new tenant starts paying rent.  That's a dead weight loss.  If this happens during a local recession, you could be carrying the mortgage on a property with no offsetting rental income for months.   There are some countervailing forces.  For example, if house prices in your area are increasing, the rent will increase with them (not necessarily at the same pace).  But your mortgage payment stays the same.  So eventually the rent may catch up with the mortgage payment.  If you wait long enough in a strong enough market, the rent on the other half of the duplex may cover the entire mortgage payment.   If you currently have an urban apartment within walking distance of work and switch to a suburban apartment with a commute, you have a better chance of finding a duplex where the entire mortgage payment is only the $1000 that you pay in rent.  Your half of the duplex won't be as nice as your apartment is, and you'll have a half hour or hour long commute every morning (and the same to get home in the evening).  But on strictly fiscal terms you'll be doing about as well.  Plus you have the income from the other half.  So even if your mortgage payment is more than your rent payment, you can still break even if the rent covers it.   Consider a $1400 mortgage and $400 in rent from the other half (after property management fees).  So long as nothing goes wrong, you break even.  Perhaps the agreement is that your parents take care of things going wrong (broken appliances, troublesome tenants, time between tenants).  Or perhaps you drain your emergency fund and adjust your 401(k) payment down to the minimum when that happens.  Once your emergency fund is replenished, restore the 401(k).   If you're willing to live in what's essentially a $500 apartment, you can do better this way.  Of course, you can also do better by living in a $500 apartment and banking the other $500 that you spend on rent.  Plus you now have the expenses of a commute and five hours less free time a week.   You describe yourself as essentially living paycheck to paycheck.  You have adequate savings but no building excess.  Whatever you get paid, you immediately turn around and spend.  Your parents may view you as profligate.  Your apartment is nicer than their early apartments were.  You go out more often.  You're not putting anything aside for later (except retirement).   It didn't use to be at all strange for people to move out of the city because they needed more space.  For the same rent they were paying in the city, they could buy a house in the suburbs.  Then they'd build up equity.  So long as they stayed in roughly the same work location, they didn't need to move until they were ready to upgrade their house.   The duplex plan leads to one of two things.  Either you sell the duplex and use the equity to buy a nicer regular house, or you move out of the duplex and rent your half.  Now you have a rental property providing income.  And if you saved enough for a down payment, you can still buy a regular house.   From your parents' perspective, encouraging you to buy a duplex may be the equivalent of asking you to cut back on spending.  Rather than reducing your 401(k) deposits, they may be envisioning you trading in your car for a cheaper one and trading in your nice but expensive apartment for something more reasonable in a cheaper neighborhood.  Rather than working with a property management company, you'll be out doing yardwork rather than cavorting with your friends.  And maybe the new place would have more space to share when you meet someone--you aren't going to provide many grandkids alone.   If you get a mortgage on a duplex, you are responsible for paying the mortgage.  You are responsible even if something happens to the house.  For example, if a fire burns it down or a tornado takes it away.  Or you just find that the house isn't solid enough to support that party where all of your friends are jumping up and down to the latest pop sensation.  So beyond losing whatever you invest in the property, you may also lose what you borrowed.   Now consider what happens if you invest the same amount of money in General Motors as in the house.  Let's call that $10,000 and give the house a value of $200,000.  With General Motors, even if they go bankrupt tomorrow, you're only out $10,000.  With the house, you're out $200,000.  Admittedly it's much hard to lose the entire $200,000 value of the house.  But even if the house loses $80,000 in value, you are still $70,000 in the hole.   You don't need a disaster for the house to lose $80,000 in value.  That's pretty much what happened in the 2006-2010 period.  People were losing all of what they invested in houses plus having to declare bankruptcy to get out of the excess debt.  Of course, if they had been able to hold on until 2015 markets mostly recovered.  But if you lost your job in 2008, they wouldn't let you not make mortgage payments until you got a new one in 2012.   When you declare bankruptcy, you don't just lose the house.  You also lose all your emergency savings and may lose some of your belongings.   There are some pretty prosaic disasters too.  For example, you and your tenant both go away for a weekend.  It rains heavily and your roof starts to leak due to weak maintenance (so not covered by insurance).  The house floods, destroying all the electronics and damaging various other things.  Bad enough if it's just you, but you're also responsible for the tenant's belongings.  They sue you for $20,000 and they move out.  So no rent and big expenses.  To get the house livable again is going to take $160,000.  Plus you have a $190,000 mortgage on a property that is only worth about $40,000.  That's at the extreme end.
"Their goals are not to maximize profits of the grocery store - but to maximize the profits of the grocery store *owners*.   If they were to show a substantial profit from the store, there would be many wanting to take their share - be it government tax-men or worker unions.    It is thus much better to operate stores that are ""barely breaking even"" and ""can't afford to pay increased wages"" while paying many times more for the goods from an overseas intermediate company that is willing to provide kickbacks to the right people in the tax heavens."
Disclaimer: it's hard to be definitive as there may be some law or tax rule I'm not aware of. From a UK perspective, this should be perfectly legal. If it's just a one-off or occasional thing for personal reasons, rather than being done in the course of a business, there probably aren't any tax implications. In theory if there's an identifiable profit from the transaction, e.g. because you originally obtained the INR at a lower exchange rate, then you might be liable to capital gains tax. However this is only payable above approximately £10K capital gains (see http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/rates/cgt.htm) so unless this is a very large transaction or you have other gains in the tax year, you don't need to worry about that. I would only recommend doing this if you trust each other. If one side transfers the money and the other doesn't, the international nature will make it quite hard in practice to enforce the agreement legally, even though I think that in theory it should be possible. If the sums involved are large, you may find that the transaction is automatically reported to the authorities by your bank under money laundering regulations, or they may want documentation of the source of the funds/reason for the transaction. This doesn't automatically mean you'll have a problem, but the transaction may receive some scrutiny. I think that reporting typically kicks in when several thousand pounds are involved.
They care more about the fact that Obama raised the debt more than bush by 1% then the fact the rich are getting a tax break. One side of me can’t wait til tax time so these morons can find out they got fucked.
This is a slightly different reason to any other answer I have seen here about irrationality and how being rationally aware of one's irrationality (in the future or in different circumstances) can lead you to make decisions which on the face of it seem wrong. First of all, why do people sometimes maintain balances on high-interest debt when they have savings? Standard advice on many money-management sites and forums is to withdraw the savings to pay down the debt. However, I think there is a problem with this. Suppose you have $5,000 in a savings account, and a $2,000 credit card balance. You are paying more interest on the credit card than you get from the savings account, and it seems that you should withdraw some money from the savings account, and pay off the cc. However, the difference between the two scenarios, other than the interest you lose by keeping the cc balance, is your motivation for saving. If you have a credit card balance of $2,000, you might be obliged to pay a minimum payment of $100 each month. If you have any extra money, you will be rewarded if you pay more in to the credit card, by seeing the balance go down and understanding that you will soon be free from receiving this awful bill each month. To maintain your savings goal, it's enough to agree with yourself that you won't do any new spending on the cc, or withdraw any savings.  Now suppose that you decide to pay off the cc with the savings. There is now nothing 'forcing' you to save $100 each month. When you get to the end of the month, you have to motivate yourself that you will be adding spare cash to your $3,000 savings balance, rather than that you 'have to' pay down your cc. Yes, if you spend the spare cash instead of saving it, you get something in return for it. But it is possible that spending $140 on small-scale discretionary spending (things you don't need) actually gets you less for your money than paying the credit card company $40 interest and saving $100? You might even be tempted to start spending on your credit card again, knowing that you have a 0 balance, and that you 'can always pay it off out of savings'. It's easy to analogize this to a situation with two types of debt. Suppose that you have a $2,000 debt to your parents with no interest and a $2,000 loan at high interest, and you get a $2,000 windfall. Let's assume that your parents don't need the money in a hurry and aren't hassling you to pay them (otherwise you could consider the guilt or the hassle as a form of emotional interest rate). Might it not be better to pay your parents off? If you do, you are likely to keep paying off your loan out of necessity of making the regular payments. In 20 paychecks (or whatever) you might be debt free. If you pay off your loan, you lose the incentive to save. After 20 months you still owe your parents $2,000. I am not saying that this is always what makes sense. Just that it could make sense. Note that this is an opposite to the 'Debt Snowball' method. That method says that it's better to pay off small debts, because that way you have more free cash flow to pay off the larger debts. The above argues that this is a bad idea, because you might spend the increased cash flow on junk. It would be better to keep around as many things as possible which have minimum payments, because it restricts you to paying things rather than gives you the choice of whether to save or spend.
I agree with you that you need to consolidate this debt using a loan. It may be hard to find a bank or credit organization that will give you an unsecured personal loan for that much money.  I know of one, called Lending Club (Disclaimer - I'm an investor on this platform. Not trying to advertise, it's just the only place I know of off the top of my head) that facilitates loans like this, but instead of a bank financing the loan, the loan is split up accross hundreds of investors who each contribute a small amount (such as $25). They have rates anywhere between 5-30%, based on your credit profile(s), and I believe they have some loan amounts that go up to the area that you're discussing.  Regarding buying the house - The best thing you can do when trying to buy a house is to save up a 20% downpayment, if at all possible. Below this amount, you may be asked to pay for 'PMI' - Private Mortgage Insurance. This is a charge that doesn't go away for quite a while (until you've paid them 20% of the appraised value of the home), where you pay a premium because you didn't have the 20% downpayment for the house.  I would suggest you try to eliminate your credit card debt as soon as possible, and would recommend the same for your father. Getting your utilization down and reconsolidating the large debts with a loan will help to reduce interest charges and get you a reasonable, fixed payment.  Whether you decide to pay off your own balances using your savings account is up to you; if it were me, personally, I'd do so immediately rather than trying to pay it off over time. But if you lose money to taxes by withdrawing the money from your 'tax free savings account', it may not be a beneficial situation.  Treat debt, especially credit card debt, like an emergency at all times, and you'll find yourself in a better place as a result.  Credit card debt and balances are and should be temporary, and their rates and fees are structured that way. If, for any reason, you expect that a credit card's balance will remain for an extended period of time, you may want to consider whether it would be advantageous for you to consolidate the debt into a loan, instead.
"&gt;Good, that gives their competition time to take market share.  Except TAM (total actual market) is decreasing, the pool of ""market share"" is going down. So what's happening is companies are slashing margins to even maintain market share, much less increase it. Look at what's happening in computers, DELL, HP, Acer, Asus, Lenovo. Apple's sales numbers dropped for notebooks as well, but because they didnt drop as much as HP or Lenovo their market share went up. This is the new normal. Less than stellar sales.  &gt;As long as there is money on the table, someone is going to reach for it. Markets aren't known for their patience.  Problem is there is less and less money on the table. Big companies are squeezing little companies. Know what you just described? Wal-mart puts the little guy out of business--- they're efficent!   &gt;Bullshit, tax burdens cause tax avoidance, they don't touch production as long as profits are still available.  Yes, some, but you can only avoid it if you are multi-national. Businesses with completely domestic operations cannot avoid liabilities in the same way. But as I said above the markets are shrinking, there is less money on the table and the players that are left are fighting over the last scraps. That is obviously a bit extreme, but I personally deal with a lot of retailers and OEMs and there is NOT the wiggle room you describe. I get beat up for a few dollars.   I am not talking about banks, or energy companies, or healthcare companies. I am talking about the thousands of small and medium businesses that are already squeezed. These entities are the lifeblood of the larger economy. One or two go out of business and nobody notices, but hundreds and thousands of these companies have closed now. A healthy company is not made up of only Wal-mart, Exxon and Apple."
The money NEVER becomes your money. It has been paid to you in error. Your best response is to write to the company who has paid you in error and tell them that for the responsibilty and subsequent stress caused to you by them putting you in a position of looking after their money you hereby give notice that you are charging them $50 per week until such time as they request the repayment of their money. Keep a dated copy of your letter and if they fail to respond then in 12 weeks they will have to pay you $600 to retrieve their $600. If they come back to you anytime after that they will OWE YOU money - but I wouldn't push for payment on that one. I have successfully used this approach with companies who send unsolicited goods and expect me to mess about returning them if I don't want them. I tell them the weekly fee I am charging them for storage and they quickly make arrangements to either take their goods back or (in one case) told me to keep them.
This is rubbish. Universities will be empty long before the price ever gets that high. As prices rise, you sell less product - it's that simple.   The US has decided that only a small percentage of its citizens should be able to afford to go to college, making it exclusive.  But a smart country makes tertiary education cheap, and encourages people to attend.  The fact that should disturb Americans more than any other, is that China has more Ph.D. students *than America has students*.
Invest heavily in the healthcare industry?  Unless you think that prices and profits will be disconnected.
This 'social contract' you speak of is rooted in theft. If you disagree with how taxes are spent, and do not participate in the tax system, then you will be stripped of your savings and property and will be sent to prison. It just seems like such a barbaric and archaic way to operate society to me.  And actually, many Americans *have* increasingly been renouncing their US citizenship and moving to other parts of the world. It's mostly because of increased business regulations and the endless War on Terror.
"&gt;A bee can live outside of the hive. If I destroy the hive, the bee survives.  No, it doesn't.  It dies within a day or so.  Go ask any beekeeper.  &gt;Name me one accomplishment that man, on his own, can do that would surpass what man, together, have done.  You miss the points I am making entirely (you have to let go of your dogmatic mindset -- I mean do you WANT a conversation here? Or just another typical Reddit ""pissing"" match?)  The social interaction of humans is a ""middle of the road"" thing, with ditches on both sides.  To little interaction &amp; interdependence (the ""ditch"" to one side of the road) and yes, humans lead only a bare minimal ""survival"" existence (but unlike bees, humans CAN survive).  Too much interdependence (the ditch on the opposite side) and human progress stagnates, and inevitably, invariably, the society implodes (Cf basically all of human history).  Libertarians are generally pulling towards the one ditch; Socialists want to pull everyone into the other ditch."
As you can imagine, this company did not survive very long...  The business model for this type of software is normally based on subscription revenue, which is typically 70% of turnover. The company had subscription revenue of just 30% of turnover due to piss poor customer support, and it soon collapsed as the market was saturated, when there were no more gullible customers left.  The product still survives, but with just a handful of customers...
There is absolutely no logical reason why each nation does not own and control banking and thus the supply of money.  Any system including the financial system works exactly the same way, regardless of ownership.  Banking depends solely on the confidence of the customers/investors. Therefore when a sovereign nation/state has ownership of the banks, the profits are kept in-house, within the nation, which is actually a bonus, and taxes can be off-set by profits, which is another benefit.  Any improvement or benefit by the private ownership of banking is a total myth.
The only way for a mutual fund to default is if it inflated the NAV. I.e.: it reports that its investments worth more than they really are. Then, in case of a run on the fund, it may end up defaulting since it won't have the money to redeem shares at the NAV it published. When does it happen? When the fund is mismanaged or is a scam. This happened, for example, to the fund Madoff was managing. This is generally a sign of a Ponzi scheme or embezzlement. How can you ensure the funds you invest in are not affected by this? You'll have to read the fund reports, check the independent auditors' reports and check for clues. Generally, this is the job of the SEC - that's what they do as regulators. But for smaller funds, and private (i.e.: not public) investment companies, SEC may not be posing too much regulations.
The notion of 'most common' is an interesting one. US citizens have gotten heavier and many have gotten taller. There is more of an emphasis on physical fitness in the military now than in previous generations. Needless to say, the addition of women to the force has been significant in this regard. All of which suggests that in addition to gruehunter's apt comment below, a regular updating of what 'most common' means may lead one to conclude that what used to fit that description no longer does.
Um, you're the one that said this:  &gt;Talking about politics like this is not mature.   If a business has no incentive, and furthermore has a disincentive to do something else they will do it.  It is a political statement, but it is very much related to business.  You might see it as somebody who is a jerk, greedy, selfish, but the fact is he knows his business better than you do. Which he has built over 40 years. If you think spite comes into it to where he would damage the business he has built over the last 4 years you don't know what you're talking about.   He said if he does not have an incentive to continue he won't. Or if the government deincentivizes a number of employees above a certain amount, he will have to make cuts (such as forced higher % contributions to medical insurance above 5,000 employees would incentivize him to cut from 6,500 to 4,999 employees).
Typically you can not buy gift cards with gift cards but in most stores this is a function built into the cash register, I find it hard to believe that targets system would not restrict it if it was in fact against their policy.  I worked for Home Depot for 5 years, they have a strict gift card/store credit policy that prevents such things from happening.
"What part of finance does he want to get into? Investments, Equities and trading, derivatives, finance as a whole, corporate finance? Most academic textbooks are ridiculously priced so if he is looking to learn technical skills he might have to look at splashing out or looking elsewhere...  Fundamentals of Corporate Finance 7th is a good one. Covers a lot of the core parts of finance which then extend to all the other areas of finance, starting at the basics of Time Value of Money (though it does gloss over some of the more complex parts). However, it is pretty expensive. This is an academic textbook.  On the non-technical side, there are a number of books with which he could get started. Benjamin Graham's ""The Intelligent Investor"" is a popular and affordable one, but it won't teach much about the technical side of finance."
"This question is predicated on the assumption that investors prefer dividends, as this depends on who you're speaking to.  Some investors prefer growth stocks (some which don't pay dividends), so in this case, we're covering the percent of investors who like dividend paying stocks. It depends on who you ask and it also depends on how self-aware they are because some people may give reasons that make little financial sense.  The two major benefits that I hear are fundamentally psychological: Dividends are like mini-paychecks.  Since people get a dopamine jolt from receiving a paycheck, I would predict the same holds true for receiving dividends.  More than likely, the brain feels a reward when getting dividends; even if the dividend stock performs lower than a growth stock for a decade, the experience of receiving dividends may feel more rewarding (plus, depending on the institution, they may get a report or see the tax information for the year, and that also feels good). Some value investors don't reinvest dividends, as they believe the price of the stock matters (stocks are either cheap or expensive and automatic reinvestment to these investors implies that the price of a stock doesn't matter), so dividends allow them to rebuild their cash after a buy.  They can either buy more shares, if the stock is cheap, or keep the cash if the stock is expensive.  Think about Warren Buffett here: he purchased $3 billion worth of shares of Wells Fargo at approximately $8-12 a share in 2009 (from my memory, as people were shocked that be bought into a bank when no one liked banks).  Consider how much money he makes from dividends off that purchase alone and if he were to currently believe Wells Fargo was overpriced, he could keep the cash and buy something else he believes is cheaper.  In these cases, dividends automatically build cash cushions post buying and many value investors believe that one should always have cash on hand. This second point is a little tricky because it can involve risk assessment: some investors believe that high dividend paying stocks, like MO, won't experience the huge declines of indexes like the SPY.  MO routed the SPY in 2009 (29% vs. 19%) and these investors believe that's because it's yield was too desired (it feels safer to them - the index side would argue ""but what happens in the long run?"").  The problem I have with this argument (which is frequent) is that it doesn't hold true for every high yield stock, though some high yield stocks do show strong resistance levels during bear markets."
It's six of one a half dozen of another.   Investing the cash is a little more risky.  You know exactly what you'll get by paying down your mortgage.  If you have a solid emergency fund it's probably most advisable to pay down your mortgage.   If your mortgage is 3% and your investment makes 3.5% you're talking about a taxable gain of 0.5% on the additional cash.  Is that worth it to you? Sure, the S&P has been on a tear but remember, past results are not a guarantee of future performance.
"An answer from a psychological viewpoint: money does not have a linear value to people. If you have $10.000, losing one dollar doesn't really matter. Losing all $10.000 is more than 10.000 times as bad. As a simple example of a non-linear function, let's use the ""square root"" function. Let's say that having $100 is ten times as good as having $1, and having $10000 is ten times as good as having $100.  Now, this means that an insurance may have a negative expectation when expressed in dollars (since the insurance company is making a profit), but the expected value still can be positive. Let's assume the premium is $150 and there's a 1% chance it will pay $10.000. Clearly in dollars the expected loss is $50. But in the value to you (using that same square root function), the premium is just -0.75 (sqrt(9850)-sqrt(10000) and the expected payout is 1 (sqrt(10000)*1%).  Intuitive: you won't notice the premium, if you're rich enough that you don't need the insurance. But once you do need the insurance, you could now be so poor that you appreciate the payout. As a side effect - this also shows that you want an insurance with a fairly high deductible. If a $10.000 loss is a risk you can bear, then you don't need insurance for losses in the order of $100. And that's even ignoring the fact that such small payouts have relatively high administrative costs for insurance companies, which is why the premium discount for high deductibles can be disproportionally high."
A graphic designer, strong spreadsheet skills, and knowledge about the cost-structure of your idea/business will be key to making a presentation work.   You must be able to show (with extreme confidence) what you will expect to post for revenues and profits for at least the first 3-5 years in the current lending environment... unless you are raising capital without using a bank or traditional methods.
"In the first situation you describe, any intelligent routing algo will send a 1000 lot order to the lit exchange in step 1. Then you get filled 1000@$10. After the fill occurs, the matching engine tells everyone what happened.   If the order book consists of 100 orders of 1 lot @ $10, and you place a ""buy 100 lots"" order, here is what happens:  1. The matching engine receives your order. 2. The matching engine matches your order against the 100 individual orders on the book. 3. The matching engine broadcasts 100 trade notifications.   No one has any opportunity to cancel their orders since they only hear of the fill after it happened.   The only way someone would have the opportunity to cancel is if there was 500 lots on one exchange and 500 on another. Then someone might observe a trade on exchange #1 and cancel their sell order on exchange #2 in response."
"I'm not a tax professional, but as I understand it, you are not expected to commute from San Francisco to Boston.  :) If your employer has not provided you with an external office, then yes, you have very likely met the ""convenience of the employer"" test. However, to take the home office deduction, there are many requirements that have to be met. You can read more at the Nolo article Can You Deduct Your Home Office When You're an Employee? (Thanks, keshlam) The home office deduction has many nuances and is enough of an IRS red flag that you would be well-advised to talk to an accountant about it.  You need to be able to show that it is exclusively and necessarily used for your job. Another thing to remember: as an employee, the home office deduction, if you take it, will be deducted on Schedule A, line 21 (unreimbursed employee expenses), among other Miscellaneous Deductions.  Deductions in this section need to exceed 2% of your adjusted gross income before you can start to deduct.  So it will not be worth it to pursue the deduction if your income is too high, or your housing expenses are too low, or your office is too small compared to the rest of your house, or you don't itemize deductions."
Make sure that when you have the loan you still contribute enough to get the company match. For example:  An inability to maximize the match might need to be figured into the opportunity cost of the loan. Some companies will suspend your contributions for a specific number of months for a hardship withdraw.  Make sure you understand where the money comes from for the loan. Can you count the money that the company matched but you are not vested with, when determining the maximum amount of the loan?  If the money is in what is now a closed fund can you replenish the funds back into that fund if use it to fund the loan? Know what the repayment time period is of the loan.
I'm not sure I understand your question. If the stock price is at an all-time high, everyone who owns the stock is 'in the money'. Of course, they won't actually realise a capital gain until they sell the stock. Similarly, if the stock becomes worthless (the company shuts down after declaring bankruptcy, etc.), everyone who owns the stock is out whatever they paid for the stock.
To be honest, if you have to ask tips about taking over your family business, someone really dropped the ball on showing you the business in the first place.     Anyway, learn yourself some basic bookkeeping/accounting.  Money management/tax handling will be something you will need to know, even if you have staff to handle this for you.     Learn the specific product/service/whatever you offer.  Nothing can be worse than having no clue what your product/service does and you're running it.     Shadow the family member(s) that are running it now.  Find out what they do throughout their day involving the business.  Whoever your replacing is the one you should focus on most.     Also make sure you understand your branding, quality, and price measures.  Any basic business class will teach you that branding, quality, and price are the three factors of a business's success.  Where you fail in one, you take up in another.  For instance, Apple has horrible prices.  Extremely expensive.  How do they make it up?  Well, quality is about on par with other products (since they largely come from the same source as competitors), but the iPhone and iPod are well known brands (far more recognized than the smartphone and MP3 player that they are, instead called by the specific product name).  Same with Kleenex.  No one asks for a facial tissue.  They ask for a Kleenex.  That's strong branding that connects the consumer to the product.     Anyway, just make sure you know where your points fall on those three lines in your business.  Improve as you can, but understand where your main fall back is.  Best prices, quality, or most well known?          Lastly, don't doubt that you can do this.  Similarly, don't overcompensate.  Your friends will all ask for deals and discounts and you'd do best to deny them in most cases.  Family will always want a cut and will probably get nasty in some cases (mattering by how you're set up).  When dealing with employees, remember that they work for you:  You're not friends.  Nothing destroys a staff faster than the boss trying to be friends with everyone and ends up promoting the schmoozer.          Eh, not sure what else to toss out.  That covers a lot of bases, but I'm sure I can think of more later.
"My problem with this is that there's no ""one size fits all"" approach to eliminating poverty. These are very much middle-class values and I don't think imposing them on impoverished children is the right approach. And besides, poverty itself can be fluid. Most kids already in poverty are stuck in generational poverty, but there's also situational poverty that can affect anyone at any time. For kids in generational poverty, it's about survival. They don't plan ahead because they don't have the luxury to do that. It's day to day with them, with each day bringing a new challenge.   Do I know what we have to do to eliminate poverty? No, and I don't think anyone does. But I do think whatever approach we take should be multifaceted and take into account the environmental contexts that shape a person's life. This kind of lazy policymaking isn't gonna cut it"
Whether or not you use a real estate agent, at some stage most people use a lawyer to do the actual buying and selling and set up the agreements. If you've never dealt with a lawyer directly before it's probably because your agent has acted as a front-person for the lawyer. If you go to a lawyer and tell them what you want to do they will sort it out, and should tell you in advance how much it will cost. You and your friend will probably need one each.
"http://www.attaincapital.com/alternative-investment-education/managed-futures-newsletter/investment-research-analysis/423  http://www.cta-info.com/cta_stats.htm  I just googled ""managed futures stats"".    I'm not 100% sure what your goal is, but I wouldn't look to filter out trades.  You're better off grading returns and variance within the returns.  http://www.autumngold.com/  Poke around the ""top traders"" section and compare the returns with the drawdown of the traders.  You'll see the ""lucky"" traders, but you'll also see the high risk guys and low risk guys."
I agree, but if that's *all* a person wants to discuss out of that story thats missing the forest for the trees.  Also for the record,  the $800 billion in 2007-2008 vs the larger muni bond market isn't actually a lie.  You simply had a problem that it referred to more than just the 2007-2008 time frame.    That's all.  And either way it isn't material to the larger story here which was the fraud.    Nobody got 'caught lying'.
It takes about 4-5 workdays, maybe it depends on the day also when you start the transfer. I transferred an amount last Wednesday, and the same amount on Thursday too. Both transactions hit the destination account on the next Tuesday, with a difference of 2 minutes.
Hm, surprised nobody has mentioned tech gadgets yet. I'm surprised how many undergrads run around with the latest iPhone, iPad, MacBook, of course all with unlimited data etc.  There's just no reason to drop $1500 on a laptop and to pay $50 a month for a cell phone plan.
I use a bloomberg terminal daily, my biggest gripe is that 9 of 10 of the times you interact with the customer support they are utterly incompetent. I've heard them tell me their data team has gone home for the weekend far too many times at 12pm on a friday.
La inmobiliarias cdmx Vender el legado rentable que su casa habla no es algo básico, espera que el tiempo para avanzar, a pesar de un material impreso imprescindible, que debe ser terminado con alerta. Sin embargo, una oficina inmobiliarias cdmx puede ahorrarle tiempo, y le dará seguridad de que la oferta de su casa es un intercambio protegido en cada una de las metodologías que se requieren. Ofrecer una propiedad es un proceso moderado y complejo, así que tener la ayuda de un profesional es profundamente sugerido.
"I typed out a long-ish answer, but I'm just going to direct you to [this study](http://www.farmdoc.illinois.edu/irwin/archive/papers/Farmers%20use%20of%20forward%20contracts.pdf) instead, which seems to summarize the available contracts quite well.  The biggest problem I see is infrastructure and credit risk. Say you have somebody with arable land who wants to start up a farming operation, as the financial institution how do you know this person can actually deliver the goods to a distributor? How do you know they won't just default on their payments? The lack of creditworthiness is a big problem in developing countries, and morseso many countries lack the proper legal institutions to enforce the contracts, further complicating the problem.  I think your idea is good, but I think widespread retail financing operations in developing countries need a lot of ""boots on the ground"", as it were, to ensure you know who you're lending to. Other alternatives are to just require a huge amount of collateral, but impoverished farmers by their definition probably won't be able to meet this requirement."
Would that be the same retirement funding requirements that every business has to fulfill by law?  Oh right, they should be free to completely screw their retirement programs like CalPers and Illinois by under investing and assuming they will get 8% returns every year.
If you have $10000 and wish to buy 1000 shares of a $10 stock, you risk borrowing on margin if you go over a bit. For some people, that's a non-issue. Some folk with an account worth say, $250K don't mind going over now and then or even let the margin account run $100K on a regular basis.  But your question is about market orders. A limit order above the market price will fast-fill at the market anyway. When I buy a stock, it's longer term usually. A dime on a $30 share price won't affect my buy decision, so market is ok for me.
"I took @littleadv 's recommendation that online apps only ask for citizenship due to post-9/11 legislation.  I applied to 2 banks in person (one big, one small), and at the dealership. None of my in-person applications ever touched on the issue of citizenship.  I even applied in person at the same bank that insta-rejected me online, and told them up front, ""I applied online but you rejected me because I'm not a permanent resident.""  The banker nodded, said ""that shouldn't matter here"", and continued processing my application. I did find it very hard to get a loan.  I have a credit score in the ""excellent"" range, but have only 1 open credit card (for 5 years).  Apparently, most lenders want to see more open credit before writing an auto loan.  The big bank said outright ""We want to see 3-5 credit cards open"".  However, the dealership did find a bank willing to extend me a loan. So: The most reliable way for a non-permanent resident alien to get an auto loan in the US is to avoid online applications.  Also, if possible, establish a wide credit history before you try."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://apnews.com/440dc0bb5b464b1dbd8aa7714f779c48) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; NEW YORK - Martin Shkreli, the eccentric former pharmaceutical CEO notorious for a price-gouging scandal and for his snide &amp;quot;Pharma Bro&amp;quot; persona on social media, was convicted Friday on federal charges he deceived investors in a pair of failed hedge funds.  &gt; &amp;quot;There is an image issue that Martin and I are going to be discussing in the next few days,&amp;quot; he said, adding that while Shkreli was a brilliant mind, sometimes his &amp;quot;People skills&amp;quot; need work.  &gt; Shkreli&amp;#039;s lawyer agreed his client could be annoying but said his hedge fund investors knew what they were getting.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6rncn2/pharma_bro_shkreli_is_convicted_at_securities/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~183442 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Shkreli**^#1 **investors**^#2 **million**^#3 **case**^#4 **prosecutor**^#5"
I work in finance and have had a couple friends make the switch from engineering (or some other more technical field) to banking. People in finance like to glorify that what they do is special and takes a certain background/skill set, the truth is you learn things you need to on the job. Give yourself time and ask shitloads of questions. Your natural curiousity for markets and finance news is going to carry you forward - I've seen non finance people come into the sector and flail because they lack that.
"Even though the article doesn't actually use the word ""discount"", I think the corresponding word you are looking for is ""premium"". The words are used quite frequently even outside of the context of negative rates. In general, bonds are issued with coupons close to the prevailing level of interest rates, i.e. their price is close to par (100 dollar price). Suppose yields go up the next day, then the price moves inversely to yields, and that bond will now trade at a ""discount to par"" (less than 100 dollar price). And vice versa, if yields went down, prices go up, and the bond is now at a ""premium to par"" (greater than 100 dollar price)"
"I would write them a check or give them cash money. There are payment receipt forms available online, you can print one of have them fill it out and sign it. Just google ""private party receipt"".  Money transfer (via bank account or Paypal) is also an option, but in my opinion it's more convenient to meet up and handle it in person. If you want, you can have them meet you at a notary public's office (your local bank branch should have one) and have the receipt notarized. I don't think it's a scam, but make sure you are paying the right person."
Investing in the stock market early is a good thing.  However, it does have a learning curve, and that curve can, and eventually will, cost you. One basic rule in investing is that risk and reward are proportional.  The greater the reward, the higher the risk that you either (a) won't get the reward, or (b) lose your money instead.  Given that, don't invest money you can't afford to lose (you mentioned you're on a student budget). If you want to start with short but sercure investments, try finding a high-interest savings account or CD.  For example, the bank I use has an offer where the first $500 in your account gets ~6% interest - certainly not bad if you only put $500 in the account.  Unfortunately, most banks are offering a pittance for savings rates or CDs. If you're willing to take more risk, you could certainly put money into the stock market.  Before you do, I would recommend spending some time learning about how the stock market works, it's flows and ebbs, and how stock valuations work.  Don't buy a stock because you hear about it a lot; understand why that stock is being valued as such.  Also consider buying index funds (such as SPY) which is like a stock but tracks an entire index.  That way if a specific company suddenly drops, you won't be nearly as affected.  On the flip side, if only 1 company goes up, but the market goes down, you'll miss out.  But consider the odds of having picked that 1 company.
Very few people's credit is worth $100,000. The average homeowner's credit (family of four with good to very good credit) is worth about $30,000. This is a pure business decision. The bank knew the law when they extended the mortgage to you, and part of the amount they're charging you goes to cover the risk that you might opt to walk away. The mortgage was an agreement between you and the bank and it specified the penalty for you walking away. Taking the agreed upon penalty for an action specifically contemplated in the agreement is also keeping the agreement.
I live in an area where there are large distribution centers for a number of retailers fairly near each other. Wal-mart's hires a lot of young kids and completely inexperienced people. As soon as they get a little experience, they usually get to work trying to get on with one of the other DC's because they all pay more and offer better benefits. The thing is, there is always some young, inexperienced kid out there willing to work their tush off for a pitance and no benefits because the management is making sure they never get enough hours to 'earn' them. There's no impetus on Wal-Mart to make any effort to do better by their workers.
what kind of grades did he have after graduating? because a decent (3.0ish definitely 3.5ish) gpa and middle of the road school gave a lot of people I know their pick of the litter when it came to consulting or analyst roles.  That on top of the fact that accountants are always in demand and if all else fails a feeder role for a bigger company as a call center tech also allows a potential career path.  That being all said, direct MBA is certainly an option, although it is more expensive up front and may or may not pay off after all is said and done.  I still plan on getting one due to a non finance schooling background, but I will probably wait 8 or so more years to figure out exactly what mba would help me the most
"Take the case where a stock has just two owners, A and B, both at $10. One of them sells his shares to C, at $11.  Now B has made $1 in profit but is no longer an owner of the stock. A hasn't sold anything but his shares are worth 10% more due to the last traded price printed. C has bought shares at $11 and the price is $11, so technically he hasn't lost any money. In a larger market, there are winners and losers every day on a single stock, but they may not remain owners of a stock. There could be days in which those that remain owners are all winners - say when a stock goes up to an all time high and all those that are currently owners have an average buy price lower than the last traded price. And the reverse applies too.  It is of course more complicated. Say you own a stock and let someone else ""borrow"" it for a short-selling opportunity (he sells it in the market). For each uptick in price, you win, the short seller loses, and the guy he sold it to also wins. A person that has a covered call on a stock is not a winner beyond a point. And so on."
Also, from personal experience, most banks' internal IT systems are bare minimum to keep working. Outside of trading systems the back office are often on Lotus Notes 99 or similar just because back office is seen as a cost and it's easy to justify not upgrading IT systems.  For sure, if the ROI is right it might get approved but it's hard to overstate how much time of your average back office employee is already spent fighting shitty systems that could be improved with today's tech.
paar nu brandpunten bij De Haardhout Handelaar, hiermee krijgt u korting bij uw volgende aankoop. Er zijn vele manieren om brandpunten te sparen, hieronder volgt een overzicht van de werkwijze. Voor elke euro die u besteedt ontvangt u 2 brandpunten. 100 brandpunten zijn 1 euro waard. De gespaarde punten blijven 1 jaar geldig. Het enige wat u moet doen is een account aanmaken.
They probably lose a ton of money from people making innocent mistakes, too. A few weeks ago I was was at the self checkout register at Target and swiped a $20 roast. I swear I heard it ding in my head,  even though it didn't actually scan, but luckily the employee was paying attention and asked me if I was going to pay for it. I felt like an asshole, but I'm glad she was there to say something so I know to pay more attention next time.
All shares of the same class are considered equal. Each class of shares may have a different preference in order of repayment.  After all company liabilities have been paid off [including bank debt, wages owing, taxes outstanding, etc etc.], the remaining cash value in a company is distributed to the shareholders. In general, there are 2 types of shares: Preferred shares, and Common shares.  Preferred shares generally have 3 characteristics: (1) they get a stated dividend rate every year, sometimes regardless of company performance; (2) they get paid out first on liquidation; and (3) they can only receive their stated value on liquidation - that is, $1M of preferred shares will be redeemed for at most $1M on liquidation, assuming the corporation has at least that much cash left. Common Shares generally have 4 characteristics: (1) their dividends are not guaranteed (or may be based on a calculation relative to company performance), (2) they can vote for members of the Board of Directors who ultimately hire the CEO and make similar high level business decisions; (3) they get paid last on liquidation; and (4) they get all value remaining in the company once everyone else has been paid. So it is not the order of share subscription that matters, it is the class. Once you know how much each class gets, based on the terms listed in that share subscription, you simply divide the total class payout by number of shares, and pay that much for each share a person holds. For companies organized other-than as corporations, ie: partnerships, the calculation of who-gets-what will be both simpler and more complex. Simpler in that, generally speaking, a partnership interest cannot be of a different 'class', like shares can, meaning all partners are equal relative to the size of their partnership interest. More complex in that, if the initiation of the company was done in an informal way, it could easily become a legal fight as to who contributed what to the company.
Is it difficult to ask the credit card issuer for two cards, even if the account belongs to one person? You can most definitely get two cards for one account. People do it all the time. You just have to add her on as an authorized user.  Would it be better for me to apply for the card on my own, or would there be an advantage to having her co-sign? It depends. If she co-signed, then that means she is also responsible for the credit card payments - which can help her credit score. If its is just you applying, then you are the only one responsible. If you don't want her lower credit score to impact what you could be approved for, then only you should apply. However, if you are the sole account holder, then you are responsible for the payments, which means, if in the event you guys break up and she maxes out the card before you cancel it, then you are on the hook for what she spend.  As for improving her credit score, I do know that some banks report to the credit bureaus for the authorized user as well, so that could help her out too.
So the principle is true.  Assuming that you get paid bi-weekly, you end up getting three paychecks two months during the year.  Typically that is in January and July/August.  So if things were different, and your mortgage was setup so you paid half a monthly payment each paycheck, then you would wind up making one full extra payment per year.  Making that extra payment, most often, reduces the mortgage by 7 years on a 30 year note.   While true, many of these companies charge exorbitant fees for the right for you to do so, so the principal reduction is not commensurate with what you are paying.   You can simply do this yourself without paying fees.  On those extra pay days, pay half a payment to principal only, and no fee, no fuss.  This is pretty easy to do with most mortgage companies as they have online payments and it is just a matter of filling out a web form.  For me this does not even cost a stamp as they pull from my checking account at another bank.
"This is known as ""Zone Pricing"" or ""Geographical Pricing"". http://articles.latimes.com/2005/jun/19/business/fi-calprice19 Such price variations may seem odd, but they are not unique to Anaheim. On any given day, in any major U.S. city, a single brand of gasoline will sell for a wide range of prices even when the cost to make and deliver the fuel is the same. The primary culprit is zone pricing, a secret and pervasive oil company strategy to boost profits by charging dealers different amounts for fuel based on traffic volume, station amenities, nearby household incomes, the strength of competitors and other factors. It's a controversial strategy, but the courts have thus far deemed it legal, and the Federal Trade Commission recently said the effect on consumers was ambiguous because some customers got hurt by higher prices while others benefited from lower ones. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geographical_pricing Zone pricing, as practiced in the gasoline industry in the United States, is the pricing of gasoline based on a complex and secret weighting of factors, such as the number of competing stations, number of vehicles, average traffic flow, population density, and geographic characteristics. This can result in two branded gas stations only a few miles apart selling gasoline at a price differential of as much as $0.50 per gallon. But the short answer is ""because they can"". It's legal, provided that some people are paying less while others are paying more. Essentially the larger, richer audience is subsidizing the product for other areas. It's not terribly different than the way most drugs are priced in the world."
The fact that you are planning to sell the property does not make paying down the mortgage a bad idea. Reducing the principal immediately reduces the amount of interest you are paying every month. Run the numbers to see how much money that actually saves you over the time you expect to hold the loan.
Since we all agree that only engineers contribute to society, I propose that the government replace the high school curriculum with the four years of instruction needed to obtain a bachelors degree in Engineering. Once society is only engineers, we will all have above average incomes and we won't have to suffer the existence of our moral and intellectual inferiors.
Is this legal?  If the purpose of the sale at that price is to defraud somebody else, you could have a legal issue. For example if the purpose was to make yourself appear poorer to make you eligible for government aid; Or to increase your chances of getting a college grant; or to not have to pay money to your spouse as part of a divorce settlement; or if there is an unwritten part of the transaction for the sibling to sell the house back to in a few years when you no longer need to appear poor.  The answer by @littleadv covers the tax complications.  I do have one additional point. The sale can't be a short sale. The bank will never approve. The short sale can only be approved when the bank is convinced that there are no viable purchasers at a level to get all their money back. Your sibling is not an arms length transaction.
This was an interesting little article, thanks for sharing it.  However I'm a bit perplexed by part of the analysis.    The authors give some fairly substantial hints that the value they are providing is *not* the standard deviation, but most of the respondents miss these hints.  The answers for the annualized rate also suggest that many of the respondents knew how to compute this, given the standard deviation.  The authors then go on to say that basically all of the respondents gave the correct mathematical definition of the standard deviation.  Then they go on to say that,  &gt; Whatever reason there was for their error, it did not result from ignorance of the concept.  But this strikes me as both disingenuous and incorrect.  On the contrary the most likely explanation would seem to be that most of them were not aware of the concept of 'mean absolute deviation', probably because they had either never learned it, or never had occasion to apply it.  I agree that people - even highly trained people - tend to be very bad at intuiting probability - just look up the Monty Hall Problem for a primer on that.  But I strongly disagree with the notion that this paper provides any evidence of this tendency, as there seems to be a much stronger case for ignorance.  This alternative is further supported by the authors' assertion that,  &gt; debriefings with respondents revealed that they rarely had an immediate understanding of the error when it was pointed out to them.  again, suggesting ignorance as the most - not least - likely culprit.  I also found it odd that they asked the respondents specifically about the standard deviation definition, but not about the mean absolute deviation, despite the fact that the latter is almost certainly more obscure.  To that last bit, I just went through the textbooks I have on hand, and this concept is not mentioned in either of the undergraduate statistics/probability textbooks I own, nor in the one undergraduate finance textbook I have.  I'm in machine learning and compsci, not finance, but it is mentioned in just one of the four graduate-level texts I have on applied statistics and probability - once on one page in a textbook on Bayesian statistics.  And the wikipedia page is terrible.  In short, while this is an interesting little experiment and write-up, I think the analysis and conclusions are inappropriate and not supported by the evidence the authors provide.  That doesn't mean that their conclusions are incorrect, just that I disagree with the notion that this paper corroborates them.  ...This response ended up being way long...
Quite an interesting communication concept. I wonder if this opens the floodgates so to speak, and inhibits work production.   Imagine Having to field unlimited additional emails from people outside of your own dept who perhaps don't know/understand how your dept operates/functions.   I wonder do they find themselves answering non stop elementary questions, and, also having to field the negative Nancy's (no offense to anyone named Nancy haha) who just want to complain.   I also wonder, once you get past the flood gate stage, could this be highly effective.   Cool topic nonetheless
In the related Should I have separate savings accounts for various savings goals? I discovered the open source Budgeter courtesy of Richard Donkin. Budgeter accomplishes my aim with a minimum of fuss, and I have found it to be quite usable despite the author's self deprecating comments to the contrary. The chart below was built in about 10 minutes, half the time it's taken to write this post. Budgeter doesn't feature handy abilities like CSV/OFX importing or scheduled transactions, which would mean a fair bit of work for bringing in historical data, and it's expressly not designed for accounting or bookkeeping. However for the focussed application of tracking savings across multiple bucket categories and accounts I think it well worth evaluating.
&gt;as opposed to an organization with its own prerogatives  Do you think USADA just appeared out of thin air and started banning athletes for doping on a whim?   In order to comply with the World Anti-Doping Code and Olympic regulations, the U.S. Congress recognized USADA as the agency in the U.S. that would handle testing, adjudication, and punishment of U.S. athletes in any sport (including Olympic athletes) that is a signatory to those Codes.  Since being given that duty by Congress in 2001, USADA has policed these sports, and has punished hundreds of athletes  - 99% of whom you've never heard of.  That anybody would now criticize them for doing their job is simply a reflection of Armstrong's long-time strategy of publicly smearing, legally attacking , and even physically threatening anybody who has dared raise or follow up on the widely-known rumors of his rule-breaking.  And in the end, it is not the rule-breaking itself, but the revelations of the sociopathic behavior he has engaged in to try to keep the lid on his secret that has ruined his reputation and brand.
Spent another couple hours of my life troubleshooting the slow performance waking/starting Windows 8.1last week.  Go on google, find a non-MSDN forum for suggestions on how to proceed - the usual drill. How many more years must I do this?
Bojack Horseman, Mindhunter, Big Mouth, Beasts of no Nation, The Crown, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Stranger Things, Master of None, Peaky Blinders, Bloodline, Narcos, Love, Easy...  I'm sorry, man, but you're just wrong. There's a ton of awesome Netflix original content.
&gt;When, in fact, they treat the lump sum as a lottery ticket and blew through it rather than measured investment and proper money management/budgeting.  This is sad, but many of these people probably have no experience with a huge responsibility like this. Ford needs to have some serious mandated financial training classes set aside for those that take the lump sum.
"Not the OP, and personally I loved the Aptera design. But every time I tried to discuss it online, the Aptera fans were drowned out by people who wanted an EV that looked like a ""real car"" and not a ""sperm on wheels""."
AT&amp;T is making a credible push towards competition IMO. They're rolling out 1Gbps FTTH service in several markets, and they've got a fairly large footprint in Austin already, well ahead of Google Fiber lighting up its first customer here.  $70 for gigabit Internet, $120 for Internet and TV just like Google. Service is solid too – I regularly see over 900 Mbps both directions. Here's where they're building: http://www.att.com/att/gigapowercities/mobile/
Yep - but plan when you approach your employer. Demonstrate to him/her that you are effective in what you do, tell them how much time this takes you in the working week and therefore how much capacity you have. Be very clear to them about what additional experience you would like (within what is feasible, of course) and suggest avenues through which you could be used more effectively. Don't approach your employer with a problem. Approach them with an opportunity. Book a 20min meeting with them. Given them a summary document at the meeting if you think it would help. Don't be scared to tell them, informally, that you are bored - but also hint that you need more intellectual stimulation.
Whenever you put less than 20% down, you are usually required to pay private mortgage insurance (PMI) to protect the lender in case you default on your loan.  You pay this until you reach 20% equity in your home.  Check out an amortization calculator to see how long that would take you.  Most schedules have you paying more interest at the start of your loan and less principal.  PMI gets you nothing - no interest or principal paid - it's throwing money away in a very real sense (more in this answer).  Still, if you want to do it, make sure to add PMI to the cost per month. It is also possible to get two mortgages, one for your 20% down payment and one for the 80%, and avoid PMI.  Lenders are fairly cautious about doing that right now given the housing crash, but you may be able to find one who will let you do the two mortgages.  This will raise your monthly payment in its own way, of course. Also remember to factor in the costs of home ownership into your calculations.  Check the county or city website to figure out the property tax on that home, divide by twelve, and add that number to your payment.  Estimate your homeowners insurance (of course you get to drop renters insurance, so make sure to calculate that on the renting side of the costs) and divide the yearly cost by 12 and add that in.  Most importantly, add 1-2% of the value of the house yearly for maintenance and repair costs to your budget.  All those costs are going to eat away at your 3-400 a little bit.  So you've got to save about $70 a month towards repairs, etc. for the case of every 10-50 years when you need a new roof and so on. Many experts suggest having the maintenance money in savings on top of your emergency fund from day one of ownership in case your water heater suddenly dies or your roof starts leaking.  Make sure you've also estimated closing costs on this house, or that the seller will pay your costs.  Otherwise you loose part of that from your down payment or other savings. Once you add up all those numbers you can figure out if buying is a good proposition.  With the plan to stay put for five years, it sounds like it truly might be.  I'm not arguing against it, just laying out all the factors for you. The NYT Rent Versus Buy calculator lays out most of these items in terms of renting or buying, and might help you make that decision. EDIT: As Tim noted in the comments below, real monthly cost should take into account deductions from mortgage interest and property tax paid.  This calculator can help you figure that out.  This question will be one to watch for answers on how to calculate cost and return on home buying, with the answer by mbhunter being an important qualification
If you have been a good steward of your friend's money this suggestion will not be too difficult. Pay your friend what his money would have earned in the S&P 500 if you had just invested it in an index fund. Subtract 15% for long-term capital gains. You can use the ticker SPY to see what the price was on the day he gave you the money, versus the price today. If you had helped your friend open an account for himself, you would have given him more than the returns on his money, you would have helped educate him on how to invest for himself.
Other options would be to use paypal, your tenant would only need your e-mail address. Most banks have a similar system to do a person-to-person transfers. My bank uses an e-mail address and only the last 4 digits of the account number.
&gt; Man am I sick of seeing Texas at the top of every economic and job ranking list. I'm in Texas, and if you're not a computer scientist in Austin or a petroleum engineer in Houston/Midland, good fucking luck finding a job that pays more than $10 an hour.  Replace Texas with California and Austin with SF Bay Area and you have the same argument but different state.
I'd be concerned about using CDs (or other non-liquid source) for your emergency fund because you become likely to use debt instead of tapping your emergency fund because you are worried about penalties (which typically only affect interest). This mind set can make you loan the bank money at 1-2% (buy a cd) and borrow money from the bank at 18-25% (credit card). Don't create psychological barriers to using your emergency fund in a true emergency Also, you recommend 3-8 months of expenses.  The purpose of an emergency fund is to cover both a loss of income for 3-8 months, or a one time large expense (new roof, new sewer pipe to the house, etc.).   A tiered solution solves the loss of income solution, but does not readily address the need for a one time, large emergency.  I'd keep all of your emergency fund liquid.
1) How does owning a home fit into my financial portfolio? Most seem to agree that at best it is a hedge against rent or dollar inflation, and at worst it should be viewed as a liability, and has no place alongside other real investments. Periods of high inflation are generally accompanied with high(er) interest rates. Any home is a liability, as has been pointed out in other answers; it costs money to live in, it costs money to keep in good shape, and it offers you no return unless you sell it for more than you have paid for it in total (in fact, as long as you have an outstanding mortgage, it actually costs you money to own, even when not considering things like property taxes, utilities etc.). The only way to make a home an investment is to rent it out for more than it costs you in total to own, but then you can't live in it instead. 2) How should one view payments on a home mortgage? How are they similar or different to investing in low-risk low-reward investments? Like JoeTaxpayer said in a comment, paying off your mortgage should be considered the same as putting money into a certificate of deposit with a term and return equivalent to your mortgage interest cost (adjusting for tax effects). What is important to remember about paying off a mortgage, besides the simple and not so unimportant fact that it lowers your financial risk over time, is that over time it improves your cash flow. If interest rates don't change (unlikely), then as long as you keep paying the interest vigilantly but don't pay down the principal (assuming that the bank is happy with such an arrangement), your monthly cost remains the same and will do so in perpetuity. You currently have a cash flow that enables you to pay down the principal on the loan, and are putting some fairly significant amount of money towards that end. Now, suppose that you were to lose your job, which means a significant cut in the household income. If this cut means that you can't afford paying down the mortgage at the same rate as before, you can always call the bank and tell them to stop the extra payments until you get your ducks back in the proverbial row. It's also possible, with a long history of paying on time and a loan significantly smaller than what the house would bring in in a sale, that you could renegotiate the loan with an extended term, which depending on the exact terms may lower your monthly cost further. If the size of the loan is largely the same as or perhaps even exceeds the market value of the house, the bank would be a lot more unlikely to cooperate in such a scenario. It's also a good idea to at the very least aim to be free of debt by the time you retire. Even if one assumes that the pension systems will be the same by then as they are now (some don't, but that's a completely different question), you are likely to see a significant cut in cash flow on retirement day. Any fixed expenses which cannot easily be cut if needed are going to become a lot more of a liability when you are actually at least in part living off your savings rather than contributing to them. The earlier you get the mortgage paid off, the earlier you will have the freedom to put into other forms of savings the money which is now going not just to principal but to interest as well. What is important to consider is that paying off a mortgage is a very illiquid form of savings; on the other hand, money in stocks, bonds, various mutual funds, and savings accounts, tends to be highly liquid. It is always a good idea to have some savings in easily accessible form, some of it in very low-risk investments such as a simple interest-bearing savings account or government bonds (despite their low rate of return) before you start to aggressively pay down loans, because (particularly when you own a home) you never know when something might come up that ends up costing a fair chunk of money.
You can also roll money from prior 401ks into current 401ks. Call the administrator of the 401k you prefer (i.e., Fidelity/Schwab, whoever the financial institution is). Explain you don't work there anymore and ask if you can roll money into it. Some plans allow this and some don't. So either, 1) You  can roll all your prior 401ks into your current 401k. 2) You might be able to roll all prior 401ks into the prior 401k of your choice if they will accept contributions after you've left. You can't move the amount in your current employer's 401k until you separate or hit a certain age. 3) Like mentioned above, you can roll all prior 401ks into an IRA at any financial institution that will let you set up an IRA. Process: -Call the financial institutions you want to move the money from. Tell them you want a direct rollover. Have them write the check to the financial institution you are rolling into with your name mentioned but not the beneficiary (i.e., check written to Schwab FBO: John Doe account #12345) Tax implications: -If you are rolling from a pre-tax 401k to a pre-tax 401k or IRA, and the money goes directly from institution to institution, you are not liable for taxes. You can also roll from a Roth type (already taxed) account into another Roth type account with no tax implications. If they write a check to YOU and you don't put the money in an IRA or 401k within 60 days you will pay ~20% tax and a 10% early withdrawal penalty. That's why it's best to transfer from institution to institution. 401k vs IRA: -This is a personal decision. You could move all your prior 401ks into an IRA you set up for yourself. Generally the limitations of a 401k are the lack of funds to invest in that fit your retirement strategy, or high expense ratios. Be sure to investigate the fees you would pay for trades in an IRA (401k are almost always free) and the expense ratio for funds in your 401k vs funds you might invest in at a broker for your IRA. Best of both: -You can roll all your 401ks into a single 401k and still set up an IRA or Roth IRA (if your income qualifies) that you can contribute to separately. This could give you flexibility in fund choices if your 401k fees tend to be cheaper while keeping the bulk of your nest egg in low cost mutual funds through an employer account. Last advice: Even if you don't like the options in your current 401k, make sure you are contributing at least enough to get any employer match.
Well, a bombastic statement like 'capitalism is killing the planet' implies, for me, that the system has more than faults -- it is an utter failure and beyond any redeeming value. That's where I disagree. I'm not saying it is without fault.  The goal of government is to patch over the fundamental problems with capitalism, particularly regulating free markets. You need to prevent externalities, and there are no bigger externalities than the future of the planet and the future of energy consumption. These are naturally tied together, and they should absolutely be regulated in the favor of humanity's future.  It's a fallacy to say that capitalism is bad because it cannot thrive without government intervention because that option is not on the table. There is no option of 'not having a government'. At least, we don't consider any of them to be good options.
Growth via M&amp;A. Death by diabetes.  Although great for short-term, don't really see this combo (pun intended) being any good. Both seriously lack healthy food options and unless they change, they will continue to lose customers.  But on another note, Chicken Fries are back!
"This is what my payroll department had to say: ""It’s a percentage of employer tax the company is accruing for.  It does not affect your net."" Definition of ""Accrue"": (of sums of money or benefits) be received by someone in regular or increasing amounts over time. So it is just the employer tax my company is paying based on my salary."
Show me the data.  If you’re going to make a claim.  Back up your assertion.  How the fuck do you know that the Chinese are clamoring to come here more now with Trump.  Trump is a racist and the whole world knows it.  That impacts people perceptions of America.  That impacts their decision to come here.  As far as I’m concerned the jury is still out on China, because we don’t have any data.  But we have data for India and many other countries.  I showed you the data for India.  Indians have a worse view of the U.S. under Trump.  Along with Koreans and Japanese as well as most Europeans (Russians being the notable exception).   You trumptards are ruining America.  Congratulations you wanted a white America that means fewer brilliant minorities coming here.  That’s what you assholes voted for.
Obviously China whispered to NK to chill. But the tweetmaster had been bullhorning about China being the control in that area of the world and not being active in that role while also sending the fleet. And it finally happened, after the UN tightened their trade down. So thats actually 3 things. UN action, China co-operation, NK standdown.
A federal or state regulator has ordered that the RDFI cannot participate in the ACH network, or the RDFI's participation has been limited in some capacity.  You need to contact the RDFI for more details...ask for their ACH operations group.  The RDFI is the institution receiving the ACH transaction.  It could be either the debit side or credit side.  It is not the institution originating the ACH transaction, which is the ODFI. The entire RDFI institution might be restricted for an extremely poor audit, or rampant suspect money laundering or terrorist funding. Specific accounts at the RDFI might be limited for a variety of reasons, including freezing the account for suspicious activity (money laundering or terrorist funding), court order for impending legal proceedings, IRS levies for nonpayment of taxes, or perhaps child support delinquency.  I am making an educated guess on the reasons.
Who depends on you?   I personally wasn't insured until I had a family.  Of course I had the required insurance policies like auto, but no health until I was 29 and had a kid who needed me.  Now I have health, dental, vision, life, auto, homeowners and renter's insurance. I can't let an accident or disaster affect my baby's future.
If you're a sole proprietor there's no reason to have a separate business account, as long as you keep adequate records, as you are one and the same for tax purposes. My husband and I already have 5 accounts and a mortgage with one bank. I don't see the need to open up yet another account.  As a contracted accountant, I don't need to write business checks, and my expenses are minimal. As long as I have an present my assumed business name certificate and ID, there's no reason for a bank not to deposit into my personal account.
"Of course for some exotics you're need to have a way to price and value them.   I agree Models will not save us from a crisis as most people whom use either lack a good understanding of the assumptions or simply choose to disregard them, the push for a Number even when that Number is wrong is one of those things that bothers me about the risk management field. Sometimes there is a point where we need to say quite fundamentally, ""I don't know""."
"You don't want to set up your investment account as a savings or spending (budget) account.  There are a couple of reasons.  First, investment account balances change daily based on the market.  If you set it up as a budget account, then your budget category balances would need to have money added or removed from them daily as the market value changes.  Second, because you are investing for retirement, this money will be untouchable for many years; there is no need to include that in your spending budget. Instead, enter your monthly investment amount as an expense transaction (not a transfer to another budget account).  If, for example, you are sending $400 per month to your retirement account, just enter that as a monthly $400 expense out of your checking account, assigning it to a Retirement category.  That money then leaves your budget. If you want to see the value of your investment account in YNAB (so that your Net Worth is accurate), add the account as an investment account.  The value will not affect your budget categories, but it will affect the net worth on the ""All Accounts"" page.  Either set it up as an online account so that the balance will update automatically, or add it as a manual account and simply update the balance manually when you get your monthly statement."
If you are looking for efficient services for limestone floor stain removals, then just get in touch with an experienced company. Such companies make use of the safest, abrasive-free, chemical and mechanical treatments to restore your surface.
Not much past primary school, if I recall my last Googling of research.  You hear a lot about the virtues of small class sizes from teachers and their unions of course.  I know I'd rather have my kid in a 50 student class taught by a first rate lecturer than in a 10 student class taught by someone half as good.
Let the companies that need the workers pay for them.  Further subsidizing their industries will just drive up the cost of education for anyone not in those preferred disciplines.  The margins in software development are large enough to justify massively higher salaries.
My mention of Lego being expensive is in my personal experience of sets as I grew up, where what were seemingly similar sets appeared to skyrocket in price over a matter of years.  Another point of reference for me is the fact that 'retro' collectors Lego is supposedly still of lesser value than modern sets, making it almost a reverse collector's item, if you're into that kind of vintage collectable unboxed lark.
When in doubt, you should always seek the advice of a professional tax preparer or your accountant. (Many agents/accountants will gladly review your tax preparations to ensure you haven't missed something. That's quicker and cheaper than paying them to do it all.) Having said that... This Illinois resource has detailed information about S-corps:  Of relevance to your situation:
Headwinds in an economic situation represent events or conditions e.g. a credit crisis, rising costs, natural disasters, etc, that slow down the growth of an economy. So headwinds are negative. Tailwinds are the opposite and help to increase growth of an economy.
make assume should be make assumptions*. I feel like there are other reasons that the 5% in year 2 could have cost less than the 5% in year 1 besides a falling stock price (this is what I'm trying to figure out).   In your opinion, how do you think the investment is performing.
No, I'm simply saying that there must be some things that no majority is allowed to do, such as throw someone in jail without due process, or outlaw the practice of a minority religion, or seize property without trial.  I'm referring to restrictions like those enumerated in the bill of rights.l, which everyone is supposed to abide by.  That's what makes a republic different, and better than a democracy.
Yes, the larger number of ETFs will have a greater chance of enhancing the effect you observe. It's beyond a simple discussion, but the bottom line is that by carving out the different market segments your rebalancing will have greater impact.
"The only thing I do not like about USPS is how so many customers complain complain and complain endlessly.  ""line is too long""  ""why are costs going up"" blah blah blah.  if you dont fucking like USPS go over to FEDEX and pay 3 times more assholes.  fucking people just wanna fucking complain complain complain!"
Other than being reduced to clear as others have suggested quite a few get sold to large motor stores. You can often go in and find last years model with around delivery mileage at a very knocked down rate because most people would prefer the latest model direct from the dealer. Doing this allows dealers to clear old stock incredibly quickly so they can promote the newest model exclusively.
"Income code 09 is dividends, so yes - it is the same as line 1 of the US form 1099-DIV. 1a or 1b however depends on whether the requirements for qualified dividends are met. If they're met - its 1b, if not - 1a. These are treated and taxed differently. See here on what are the qualification requirements. Note that Canada has a tax treaty with the US making Canadian corporations ""qualified foreign corporations""."
Also hilarious will be the exacerbation of wealth inequality and social strife due to the idea that high marginal tax rates are detrimental to overall prosperity. Because, you know, jobs only come from the super rich due to their outsized intelligence and virtue. Leadership and money are one.  I love this country for how easy it is to manipulate people! Boundless opportunities to take your money, created every minute.
You, like DailyFail, don't understand why mentioning market cap and then comparing nothing more than current share prices is nonsense.   That's without getting into the many ways the person you quoted and the foundation of his economic opinions are ridiculous.
Evaluating the value of currencies is always difficult because you are usually at the mercy of a central bank that can print new currency on a whim. I am trying to diversify my currency holdings but it is difficult to open foreign bank accounts without actually being in the foreign country.  Any ideas here? You don't indicate which currencies you own but I would stick with your diversified portfolio of currencies and add some physical assets as a hedge against the fiat currencies.
"That's true; if they could demonstrate that it's damaging to Twitter's growth, they would likely be able to have an impact though it's not clear why they would need to take a stake in that case.  Companies are also a bit loathe to follow investor suggestions on principle -- as a CEO, the last thing you want is to be micromanaged by investors on every decision so going along would be a bad precedent.  I imagine a straight-up social campaign, without the investor angle, would almost be more likely to succeed.  I don't have a great sense for what the value of Trump's account is -- I just know it has a large positive value as I described and a large negative value as you described and I'm not sure of what the sum is but it's definitely not a ""low"" demand -- the value is probably a large number with an unknown sign :)  What I do know is that reports about Trump's tweets led my parents to ask me ""what is this tweet thing?"" and I imagine for a lot of people of their generation, the news coverage was their first introduction to Twitter."
The second choice is a normal payment, just made early. This guards you against forgetting to make the payment later and incurring late payment fees -- which in this kind of loan are added to the balance and themselves accrue compounded interest. The first option is an extra payment, applied entirely to the principal. That lets you avoid years of accrued interest on that portion of the loan, and reduces the loan's actual cost. I think the extra payment is a better investment.
"You should NEVER have to pay a fee to find out what has happened to a transaction in progress. You might sometimes have to pay for duplicate copies of a statement or similar, but not just to find out what is going on. It sounds like you are being scammed - your ""friend"" tells you they have transferred you money (but they have not done anything in reality), then they give you a ""customer care number"" to call and try to get you to pay them money in order to find out what has happened to the (non-existent) transaction. If you think this is plausibly what is happening - for example, if you google the company who is supposedly doing the transfer and find that they do not exist, or that the number you have been given is not really their customer care line - then you should cease all contact with your ""friend"" and pass all communications to your local law enforcement."
"&gt; see stock market responses to rumors without any changing fundamentals   Were at all time highs for all of our stock market averages. So from your point of thinking, everyone is very pro America, trusts us and we are not regressing to ""developed nation"" status.   Thanks for proving the sub is a joke."
Not in the slightest.  The issue is however the same one.  We've created new industries to replace the ones lost - in many cases 1:1 because advancing technology simply displaced jobs or made them higher on the education/pay scale.  Likewise in a lot of cases rather than reduce employment overall we saw increased productivity.  That is good for everyone since a rising tide lifts all ships.  The issue however is one of stability.  When you get a shock to the system (2008, 1932 etc) then the whole thing falls apart.  Last time it took spending on a scale undreamed of (WWII) along with a number of important factors to break the downward spiral.  I'm wondering what's going to break this one.  Last time there were plenty of mid-skill high pay jobs (manufacturing) to reboot the economy.  This time most of those jobs are gone - having been replaced either by automation or sent overseas to cheaper labor markets.  Now once the rest of the planet catches up or if fuel starts to go into the stratosphere again then we'll see a lot of those jobs come back (as some already have).  I don't think we'll see as many as we had in the past.  The service market is far more susceptible to shocks than manufacturing however just as a sales tax is far more susceptible to shocks than an income tax.  Drawing all of that together though if you take it out to its logical conclusion when we hit full automation and even fast food is run by machines... what are people going to do for employment?
I think this question has more to do with the business model of cinema. If I remember correctly. Most of the money from ticket sales goes back to the studios. Something like the newer a movie is the greater percentage goes back to the movie studios and the older a movie is the greater percentage of ticket price goes to the cinema. So high priced popcorn and candy is often the only place where the individual theaters make any money. This may not be true for every movie but I believe it was the case for films like  James Cameron's Avatar.
I have a good idea I know what your product is, the problem you're running into is by the time you're marketing to these guys they're way too integrated with their current solution, the only reason they're talking with others for quotes on replacements is to have leverage to negotiate with the contractor they were always going to use.
Fuck here in Europe (Vienna) people hardly even heard of teleworking... I would so love to telecommute twice a week, it would feel a lot less like working. What is a good excuse for this? Married without kids at the moment, living not too far (subway).
Nope you talk about oligarchy, not socialism. Socialism is the opposite of this. I'm not saying that socialism is a feasible idea that would make the world better, but it's wrong to give something the wrong name just to dissociate it from capitalism  edit: Socialists dislike crony capitalism because in their opinion it's the result of any capitalist system, in order to sustain the system (and screw over the middle class). Capitalists dislike it because it goes against free market.
Oh that's a good idea. Thank you. I also reached out to another guy that I know owns a talent hiring website and we'll see what he has to say. Thanks again man, this is the kind of stuff I come to Reddit for. Better than Google sometimes :-)
I'm saying that the auto loan thing is worth a few million dollars to a multi billion dollar profit company. It's not a lot of money, and they'll pay a shitload of money in damages to cover it, way more than they ever made off it.  It's disturbing, for sure, but it's not significant to their business.
Its one of the main points.  Transfer pricing includes discretionary decisions and is part of BEPS.  Its also completely unnecessary:  Pay taxes on revenue in country earned/sold.  Get tax credits/refunds in country were spending is made.  The reason why already profitable companies consider BEPS/tax arbitrage for HQ locations is because they get discretionary power over accounting profit allocation.  Tax policy should serve the society though, and this proposal encourages the spending that benefits society.  Its the usual case that the right answer is different than that being lobbied for.
There are a whole host of types of filings. Some of them are only relevant to companies that are publicly traded, and other types are general to just registered corps in general. ... and many more: http://reportstream.io/explore/has-form Overall, reading SEC filings is hard, and for some, the explanations of those filings is worth paying for. Source: I  am currently trying to build a product that solves this problem.
that is crazy, i mean there is nothing wrong with being loyal with your company/firm but getting a tattoo of the company logo on your body is a bit over the top haha bet your coworkers we're robotic in their movement as well.
The particular Virginia improve the look of refinance is certainly one the most effective options for all those those who have Virtual assistant financial loans on his or her homes. These kind of Veterans administration remortgage assists them gain a large amount of rewards that could ease the load of coughing up up the financial products they've taken on their properties. The Virtual assistant financial products as opposed to some other mortgage loans don't require any complicated processes just like house appraisal to find out the present appreciated of your ex house or any other processes just like looking at if the man or woman satisfies the financing conditions or any other treatments. These loans help it become extremely comfy for on support men to obtain their house refinanced which has a far better rate of interest.
KI understand that. So make them not poor. We are in a post masse population control era. Elites can dilute the means of information but net results of a massive informed populous is pushback.  The 1900s showed that incremental changes in living standards along with tehnological introduction keeps the populous fat/happy which is all anyone wants. This stopped in the mid 70s, standards of living relied almost exclusively on tech innovation to increase. Financially, anyone not in control  is the same as they were since then, adjusted for inflation.   Its almost laughable how easily the American, or ANY consumer market for that matter wants to be satisfied. Any company fighting tooth and nail to try to stall the eventual money an employee would spend with ian increased wage is alienating customers. Plain and simple. The rich dont by More, they by more expensive. Sure per unit they add more to the economy, but there input is spread over specialized and specified craftsmen, not large market producers. Less jobs, less infrastructure and logsticis, less revenue entering the system.   Opening dollar store customers to biglots and winco, for example, would open the possibility of so many more purhases of larger brand, and large employeeing, products.   Fatten your cows, you lazy capitalists, otherwise the milk will get thinner with each year.
I have been a business owner for over 10 years.  One of my most useful experiences was working for a small business when I was your age.  Do the free online courses, start your own small side business, work for a real small business and suck everything up that you can.
Don't remember the exact details but I recall watching in class a video about a Chinese company that had (at least at some point) had a refrigerator manufacturing plant on the East Coast (Virginia?) because the skilled labor was indeed cheaper than China.
"I think this is a point that most tech geeks miss when they start yelling ""Luddite."" Before I even graduated, the stuff I learned in lower division was outdated. A year out, and much of what I was taught is outdated.  They are trying to automate news stories now and paralegal work. I wouldn't be surprised if there are projects out there to computer generate works of art. Not only is the rate growing faster than can be kept up with, but there are few places left that can't be automated."
This seemed very unrealistic, I mean who would do that? But to my immense surprise the market price increased to 5.50$ in the following week! Why is that? This is strange. It seems that people mistakenly [?] believe that the company should be at 5.5 and currently available cheap. This looks like irrational behaviour. Most of the past 6 months the said stock in range bound to 4.5 to 5. The last time it hit around 5.5 was Feb. So this is definitely strange. If the company had set a price of 6.00$ in the rights offering, would the price have increased to 6$? Obviously the company thinks that their shares are worth that much but why did the market suddenly agree? Possibly yes, possible no. It can be answered. More often the rights issue are priced at slight discount to market price. Why did this happen? Obviously management thinks that the company is worth that much, but why did the market simply believe this statement without any additional information? I don't see any other information; if the new shares had some special privileges [in terms of voting rights, dividends, etc] then yes. However the announcements says the rights issues is for common shares.
Even regardless of what's used to make the batteries, as soon as they are in use, and unless they are failing at an exponential rate, the offset of carbon begins as soon as you drive it instead of a gasoline powered vehicle.  Gasoline transport and storage is IMMENSELY more energy and carbon pollution intensive than pure electric generation.  It's like full on industry propaganda to argue otherwise. It's the same vein as Fox News watchers that still believe Obama was a muslim or born in Kenya, because they trust(ed) a voice on tv. Marketing and PR versus rational consideration and open research.
It's great that you have gotten the itch to learn about the stock market.  There are a couple of fundamentals to understand first though. Company A has strong, growing, net earnings and minimal debt, it's trading for $100 per share.  Company B has good revenue but high costs of goods and total liabilities well in excess of total assets, it's trading for $0.10 per share.  There is no benefit to getting 10,000 shares or 10 shares for your $1,000.  Your goal is to invest in companies that have valuable products and services run by competent management teams.  Sure, the number of shares you own will dictate what percentage of the company you own, and in a number of cases, your voting power.  But even a penny stock will have a market capitalization of several million dollars so voting power isn't really a concern for your $1,000 investment.   There is a lot more in the three basic financial statements (Income Statement, Balance Sheet, Statement of Cash Flows) than revenue.  Seasoned accountants can have a hard time parsing out where money is coming from and where it's going. In general there are obvious red flags, like a fast declining cash balance against a fast growing liabilities balance or expenses exceeding revenue.  While some of these things are common among new and high growth companies, it's not the place for a new investor with a small bankroll. A micro-cap company (penny stocks are in this group) will receive rounds of financing via issuing preferred convertible shares which may include options on more shares.  For a company worth $20mm a $5mm financing round can materially change the finances of a company, and will likely dilute your holdings in common stock.  Small growth companies need new financing frequently to fund their growth strategies. Revenue went up, great... why?  Did you open another store?  Did you open another sales office?  Did the revenue increase this quarter based on substantially the same operation that existed last quarter or have you increased the capacity of your operation?  If you increased the capacity of your operation what was the cost of the increase and did revenue increase as expected?  Can you expect revenue to continue to grow at this rate or was it a one time windfall from an unusual order? Sure, there are spectacular gains to be had in penny stocks.  XYZ Pharma Research (or whatever) goes from $0.05 to $0.60 and you've turned your $1,000 in to $12,000.  This is a really unlikely event...  Buying penny stocks is akin to buying lottery tickets.  Unless you are a high ranking employee at the company capable of making decisions, or one of the investors buying the preferred shares mentioned in point 3, or are one of the insiders of a pump and dump scam on the stock, penny common stocks are not a place to invest.  One could argue that even a company insider should probably avoid buying common stock. Just to illustrate the points above, you mention: Doing some really heavy research into this stock has made me question the whole penny stock market. Based on your research what is the enterprise value of the company? What were the gross proceeds of the last financing round, how many shares were issued and were there any warrants attached? What do you perceive to be heavy research?  What background do you have in finance/accounting to give weight to your ability to perform such research? Crawl. Walk. Then run. Don't kid yourself in to thinking that since you have some level of education you understand the contracts involved in enterprise finance.
You bring up good points, but the balance of power works both ways.   Investment Banks need ratings in order to push through with fixed income issuance. If rating agencies refuse to rate a product (and it has happened, I know we are shocked!), investors will be far less likely to participate and will demand substantially higher rates of return.
We invest heavily in skills and we expect you to contribute to our goal of becoming West Palm Beach, FL best advisory company. Within business consulting, it means that you have basic knowledge in all three main areas, business management, business development, NQ consulting and financial management, as well as developing deeper skills in one or more areas. We work with individual development plans and you have the opportunity to greatly influence your future work situation and role in the market.
There are quite a few options. Suggest you put a mix of things and begin investing into Mutual Funds.
"I know a guy on a much higher rate than me, about £500 per day, and he   claims to pay around 18% tax which has me bewildered Your acquaintance may be using a tax efficient, or ""marketed avoidance"" product identical or similar to those required to be registered or declared under DOTAS legislation in the UK. If this is the case then no, your accountant is not doing anything wrong - the 18% ""tax"" probably involves a radially different remuneration mechanism to the one you are using."
As the owner of the S-corp, it is far easier for you to move money in/out of the company as contributions and distributions rather than making loans to the company. Loans require interest payments, 1099-INT forms, and have tax consequences, whereas the distributions don't need to be reported because you pay taxes on net profits regardless of whether the money was distributed. If you were paid interest, disregard this answer. I don't know if or how you could re-categorize the loan once there's a 1099-INT involved. If no interest was ever paid, you just need to account for it properly: If the company didn't pay you any interest and never issued you a 1099-INT form (i.e. you wrote a check to the company, no promissory note, no tax forms, no payments, no interest, etc.) then you can categorize that money as a capital contribution. You can likewise take that money back out of the company as a capital distribution and neither of these events are taxable nor do they need to be reported to the IRS. In Quickbooks, create the following Equity accounts -- one for each shareholder making capital contributions and distributions: When putting money into the company, deposit into your corporate bank account and use the Capital Contribution equity account. When taking money out of the company, write yourself a check and use the Distributions account. At the end of every tax year, you can close out your Contributions and Distributions to Retained Earnings by making a general journal entry. For example, debit retained earnings and credit distributions on Dec 31 every year to zero-out the distributions account. For contributions, do the reverse and credit retained earnings. There are other ways of recording these transactions -- for example I think some people just use a Member Capital equity account instead of separate accounts for contributions and distributions -- and QB might warn you about posting journal entries to the special Retained Earnings account at the end of the year. In any case, this is how my CPA set up my books and it's been working well enough for many years. Still, never a bad idea to get a second opinion from your CPA. Be sure to pay yourself a reasonable salary, you can't get out of payroll taxes and just distribute profits -- that's a big red flag that can trigger an audit. If you're simply distributing back the money you already put into the company, that should be fine.
I'm sorry, I know that it's not your fault but you really need to think about what you're saying and stop listening to the financial advisors on tv...   If you think that all you need to do is give people money to spend then you need to read up on Zimbabwe. They tried that - at it's hight they *think* that Zim's inflation hit 6.5 x 10^108 % ([that's 6.5 quindecillion novemdecillion percent](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperinflation_in_Zimbabwe)). I can't even begin to imagine how large that is - basically bread cost billions of zim dollars a loaf. I remember hearing the one day that they were dropping 3 zeros from their notes. I'm ashamed to say that I laughed.  No one is buying right now because, instead of buying stuff, everyone is paying back loans - or they're too scared to buy in case they need the cash to survive in the future. Look at the liquidity crisis; the housing bubble; all the bank failing/needing to be bailed out lately - all because people couldn't pay back the loans they took out.  The US government is already $15 trillion in debt (nearly 16 trillion now) - and that's only the public debt. The gov is already paying $454 billion every year *just to repay the **interest** on the debt!* Never mind actually paying back the principle amount. Last year it added another $1.2 trillion to the deficit (that's another 1,200,000,000 dollars that it owes on top of the 15,000,000,000 dollars it already owes). At the beginning of this year, public debt amounted to 102% of GDP - that means that if everyone in America didn't buy what ever it was that they bought last year and instead repaid the public debt (not private mind you, just the debts that the government owed) then they *still* wouldn't have been able to pay it all off.   Now after reading all of that, please keep a straight face and tell me that all that the government needs to spend even more money to sort it all out.
Go back to the dealership and leave the car there. Call your local news. They love these stories. After the news is out if they still won't give you your money back and void the contract then call the police. This is illegal and the business has violated the law.   Another option is to go to the police first. After the police report then hire a lawyer to sue the dealership. Then call the local news. This method may take longer, but it will have the biggest impact.
two USDA whistleblowers spoke about the product, which they called “pink slime.” Despite concerns they had about the product being sold and labeled as meat, they said supervisors had overruled them. In his opening statement Monday, ABC’s attorney, Dane Butswinkas, claimed that the supervisors’ lack of action was due to intense lobbying pressure, noting that JoAnn Smith, the USDA assistant secretary for Marketing and Inspection Services at the time, eventually went to work for BPI’s main supplier.
US corporate tax rates are extremely low- some of the lowest in the developed world.  These inversions are a demonstration of how polarization/gridlock in Congress is practically as good for the rich as when their favored party has control. You don't need to be able to buy all of Congress, just enough so that they can't effectively regulate the economy and plug up these legal holes.
As an individual freelancer, you would need to maintain a book of accounts. This should show all the income you are getting, and should also list all the payments incurred. This can not only include the payments to other professionals, but also any hardware purchased, phone bills, any travel and entertainment bills directly related to the service you are offering.  Once you arrive at a net profit figure, you would need to file this as your income.  Consult a tax professional and he can help with how to keep the records of income and expenses. i.e. You would need to create invoices for payments, use checks or online transfers for most payments, segregate the accounts, one account used for this professional stuff, and another for your personal stuff, etc. In a normal course the Income Tax Department does not ask for these records, however whenever your tax returns get scrutinized on a random basis, they would ask for all the relevant documentations.
Because in the case for 100/101, if you wanted to placed a limit buy order at top of the bid list you would place it at 101 and get filled straight away. If placing a limit buy order at the top of 91 (for 90/98) you would not get filled but just be placed at the top of the list. You might get filled at a lower price if an ask comes in matching your bid, however you might never get filled. In regards to market orders, with the 100/101 being more liquid, if your market order is larger than the orders at 101, then the remainder of your order should still get filled at only a slightly higher price. In regards to market orders with the 90/98, being less liquid, it is likely that only part of your order gets filled, and any remained either doesn't get filled or gets filled at a much higher price.
"If it were me, I would pay off the 23%er.  That is as long as you don't borrow anymore.  Please consider ""your hair on fire"" and get that 26%er paid off as soon as possible.   From my calculations your big CC is sitting at 26% has a balance of 20K.  Holy cow girl, what in the world?  The goal here is to have that paid off in less than one year.  Get another job, work more than you have in your life.   Others may disagree as it is more efficient to pay down the 26%er.  However, if you pay it all of within the year the difference only comes to $260.  If you gain momentum, which is important in changing your financial life, that $260 will be meaningless.  With focus, intensity, and momentum you can get this mess cleaned up sooner than you think. However, if you are going to continue to rack up credit card debt at these rates, it does not matter what you do."
But if underlying goes to 103 at expiration, both the call and the put   expire worthless If the stock closes at 103 on expiration, the 105 put is worth $2, not worthless.
"Congratulations, you are in great shape financially at a very young age.  Great income, nice equity in a home, and mostly debt free.   It seems like you are looking at taking out a loan of 400K, and to do so you will have to put your own home at risk as you do not have the 80K cash for a down payment.  Correct?  It also looks like after 2.1K per year without regard to taxes, maintenance, bad tenants, or vacancies.  As such this will likely be a negative cash flow situation.  I would say you should plan on a 912/month cost.  Are you okay with that?  While your income can probably cover this, no problem, is that your objective to have this property have a negative return for the next 10-15 years or so? For me, this is a no.  Way too much risk for a negative cash flow. It is hard to talk to the upside as you did not give any profit predictions and I am unsure of the market.   Why would you risk jeopardizing your great financial situation with a ""hail mary"" attempt to make money?  Slow down, you will get there.  Save for a few years so there is no need to tap your home's equity to make a down payment.  It would really bother me to owe 600K on a 121K salary (75K+20K+26K)."
Celebrate your special event at our facilities for a stress free event. We are comfortable accommodating every event - weddings, corporate parties, birthday parties, showers, rehearsal dinners, corporate trainings and alike. We serve the Concord NH area and we can customize each event to meet and exceed your needs. Call us today.
At any given time there are buy orders and there are sell orders.  Typically there is a little bit of space between the lowest sell order and the highest buy order, this is known as the bid/ask spread.  As an example say person A will sell for $10.10 but person B will only buy at $10.00.  If you have a billion shares outstanding just the space between the bid and ask prices represents $100,000,000 of market cap. Now imagine that the CEO is in the news related to some embezzlement investigation.  A number of buyers cancel their orders.  Now the highest buy order is $7.  There isn't money involved, that's just the highest offer to buy at the time; but that's a drop from $10 to $7.  That's a change in market cap of $3,000,000,000.  Some seller thinks the stock will continue to fall, and some buyer thinks the stock has reached a fair enterprise value at $7 billion ($7 per share).  Whether or not the seller lost money depends on where the seller bought the stock.  Maybe they bought when it was an IPO for $1.  Even at $7 they made $6 per share. Value is changing, not money.  Though it would be fun, there's no money bonfire at the NYSE.
Are you looking for the best of best beauty parlour for your wedding day which provides you the best services for wedding as Facial and skin care treatments, bridal makeup and dressing, then contact with Manali Beauty spa Training Academy which offers the top Bridal Makeup In Navi Mumbai. To know more read the full article.
"As others have said: unless you can find someone willing to make a zero-interest loan, the answer is no.  If you can figure out how to turn a ""0% for first N months"" credit card offer onto a leveraged investment or something of that sort -- seems unlikely -- maybe."
You're off to a great start. Here are the steps I would take: 1.) Pay off any high-interest debt. 2.) Keep six to twelve months in a highly liquid emergency fund. If the banks aren't safe, also consider having one or two months of cash or cash-equivalents on the premises. 3.) Rent a larger apartment, if possible, until you've saved more. The cost of the land and construction will consume a very large portion of your net worth. Given the historical political instability in that region, mentioned by the previous comments,  I would hesitate to put such a large percentage of your wealth in to real estate.  4.) Get a brokerage account that's insured and well known. If you're willing to take the five percent hit to move assets offshore, then consider Vanguard. I'm not sure if they'll give you an account but they're generally acknowledged as an amazing broker in the US with low fees and amazing funds. Five percent (12,500) is worth it in my opinion. As you accumulate more wealth, you can stop moving cash overseas and keep a larger mix domestically.  5.) Invest in your business and yourself even more.  As far as finding new investment opportunities, I would go through the list of all the typical major asset classes and consider the pros and cons: fixed-income, stocks, currencies, real estate / REITs, own a small business, commodities etc.,
"If by ""can we trust the analyst recommendations"" you mean ""are they right 100% of the time"" the answer is absolutely no.  Analysts are human and make mistakes, some more than others.  There are many stories of ""superstar managers"" that make killings for several straight years, then have a few bad years and lose it all back. However, don't take ""you can't trust them"" to mean that they are nefarious in some way. While there may be some that recommend stocks for selfish purposes, I suspect that the vast majority are just going off what information they have, and can't predict market behavior or future performance with perfect accuracy.  Look at many analysts' recommendations.  Do your own analysis. If you're still not comfortable buying individual stocks, then don't buy them.  Buy index funds if you are satisfied with market returns, or other mutual funds if you want to invest in specific sectors.  Or at the very least make sure you are sufficiently diversified so that you don't lose your entire investment by one bad decision.  One rule of thumb is to not have more than 10% of your entire portfolio in any one company."
It depends on the bank and network. Banks are to provide outgoing data at the certain time for the processing by the central clearing house (the Federal Reserve system, for ACH), which then distributes incoming data back to the banks. All this has to be done between the closing of the business day and the opening of the next one. If the transaction hasn't completed the full path during that time - it will wait at the position it was stuck at until the next cycle - next night. That's why sometimes ACH transactions take more than 1 day to complete (if, for example, multiple Fed banks have to be involved).
Stephen's answer is the 100% correct one made with the common Economics assumption, that people are rational. A company that never has paid dividends, is still worth something to people because of its potential to start paying dividends later and it is often better to grow now and payoff later. However, the actual answer is much more disapointing, because people are not rational and the stock market is no longer about investing in companies or earning dividends. Most of the value of a stock is for the same reason that gold, stamps, coins and bitcoins, and Australian houses are worth anything, that is, because enough people say it is worth something*. Even stocks that pay dividends, very few people buy it for dividends. They buy it because they believe someone else will be willing to buy it for slightly more, shortly after. Different traders have different timeframes, ranging from seconds to months. *Houses and stock are of course partially valuable due to the fundamentals, but the major reason they are purchased is just to resell at a profit.
Technology improves exponentially. The more we learn, the faster we learn more. Also, the higher the skills bar to employment rises. Most professions in the sciences already require a PhD to enter.    So as a society, we really are dropping the ball on educating people if we want to maintain even a fairly modest level of employment.
That's the point though.  They are allowing themselves to be *led*, in the first place, to the decision to do something with their capital that they don't understand.  While I don't condone how these Wall St. people behave with peoples money (hence why I don't put any of my money into it), I also cant sympathize with the people who lose money to Wall St. because they were too lazy to be informed about what was going on with their money and to act in their own best interest.  I am guessing (pure speculation) that a lot of the problem with the financial industry could've been avoided if people were proactive about their money and only made investments that they were personally knowledgeable about.
The answer is 7-fold:   BOTTOM LINES: Bubble; bursting bubble; Great Depression; Victory in WWII; All work and no play makes Jack (& Jill) very dull persons.
It sounds good on paper, the problem is licensing fees paid to foreign subsidiaries for IP and trademark use.  That's how Apple makes 80% of it's revenue in the US and still makes 80% of it's profit in Ireland.  If the US doesn't take foreign income into account, every multinational would offshore their profits the same way.  Many do it now, and the loop hole isn't as big as people are advocating for.
I wish I saved some permalinks for how many times I've said it was one giant Pump 'n Dump for all the owners.  If I had any ownership in Facebook, I would have liquidated everything I had on IPO day and never looked back.  I'm surprised Zuckerberg didn't do the same (insofar as he's able to).
The owner of a long futures contract does not receive dividends, hence this is a disadvantage compared to owning the underlying stock. If the dividend is increased, and the future price would not change, there is an arbitrage possibility. For the sake of simplicity, assume that the stock suddenly starts paying a dividend, and that the risk free rate is zero (so interest does not play a role). One can expect that the future price is (rougly) equal to the stock price before the dividend announcment. If the future price would not change, an investor could buy the stock, and short a futures contract on the stock. At expiration he has to deliver the stock for the price set in the contract, which is under the assumptions here equal to the price he bought the stock for. But because he owned the stock, he receives the announced dividend. Hence he can make a risk-free profit consisting of the divivends. If interest do play a role, the argument is similar.
And you have first hand knowledge of this? I doubt it.  You saying that people will continue to behave the same when the rewards diminish for innovation shows that you support using brilliant people, and consider them less intelligent that you. Go out and invent something and come back with an opinion after that.
Blue Apron is not a cookbook nor a restaurant.  As soon as you get a grip on the cooking techniques and the flavour/ingredients combinations, then you just go to the grocery store and buy your own I ingredients for a fraction of the cost.  It's a terrible business model.
"Let's face it: most people pay more in insurance premiums than they ""get back"" in claims.  I put ""get back"" in quotes because, with very few exceptions, the money paid out in claims does not go to the insured, but to others, such as doctors and hospitals.  But even if you ignore the question who does the money actually go to, it's a losing proposition for most people. The exceptions are those who have a major loss, greater than what they put in over the years.  But never forget: these are exceptions.  The return on your money, on the average, is only a little better than playing the lottery. The usual counter-argument to the above is, but what if you are one of the exceptions?  I for one refuse to let my life be dictated by worries of unlikely events that might happen.  If you're the sort who obsesses on what could (but probably won't) happen, then maybe you should have insurance.  Just don't tell me I need to do the same. When I lived in California, they had a program where you could deposit $25,000 with the State, and then you could drive, legally, without insurance.  I did this for a while, didn't have any accidents, and exited the system (when I moved out of state) a few years later with more money (interest) than I put in.  You don't accomplish that with insurance. But let's get back to rich people.  Unless you get into an accident with you at fault and the other guy needing a head transplant as a result (joke), you could probably absorb the cost of an accident without blinking an eye.  Those in the upper-middle-class might do well with high-deductible insurance that only pays out if there's an extreme accident. Then again if you have to borrow to buy something expensive (making monthly payments), they will usually demand you buy insurance with it.  This is a way for the lender to protect himself at your expense, and if you refuse, good luck getting a loan somewhere else. I hate the idea of insurance so much I would make an act of insurance punishable by law."
"EDIT: TLDR I Can promise you they will lose sight again because it was never regained in the first place. They aren't the first company to do it [and it wont be the last time.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ypUz1WYens)   The company I work for (Office Depot) is doing this practice. We have insane goals that no one can reach, and often more daily responsibilities than an individual can finish. When anyone tries to speak up against it at any level the reply is ""we dont want excuses"" or ""dont be negative"". Completely ignoring any issues presented to them. Instead rather than problem solving those who bring issues to light are treated as having created the problem.  We (the company) [got in trouble a while back for our ""PC Tune Up""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cEfYibkHjM) because the tool didn't accurately portray the condition of a customers system. If you ran the tool it would ask ""do you have x or y symptoms (pop ups, slow, etc)"" and if you selected yes it would tell you that it found possible infection symptoms. It didn't make it clear that the scan didn't detect this. They then paired this with techs that weren't trained in any way other than selling using the tools diagnosis and unrealistic sales goals. When you couldn't reach numbers you were eventually replaced. If the store didn't reach numbers it came down on management (who would fake numbers by returning items and reselling them as service sku's). Every tech I knew complained about the awful diagnostic tool, and the unrealistic goals and what they were causing. Many of us refused to use the tool on the grounds of it being misleading and immoral, depot responded by requiring a minimum amount of logged uses of the tool per week. Depot did nothing but treat it as negativity until it was brought up in the news after a disgruntled tech let the word out. Then suddenly it's ""were sorry"" acting like they had no idea what was going on and  the roll out of a new tool that simply had a remote technician give the same diagnostic. (which has since changed again). We still have the same push for sales goals and attach rate (push for office, service, and square trade sales) and zero accountability. They train no one, create goals, and act surprised when they figure out how people are meeting these goals.  Nothing has actually changed in a relevant way, the same core problem still exists they've only changed the face.  These issues are prevalent in the company as we have minimal payroll for staffing at all times and high expectations with poor tools across the board. I've watched many people get fired for not meeting goal expectations and many more quit. I've watched the people who could meet the goals praised only to be fired a short time later when it's found they only met the goal through cheating of some sort.   Every single strategy corporate tries has still followed this same format of over promise and under deliver. They pile more on while cutting resources constantly and they still haven't learned the lesson that the result is the same every time regardless of game plan. The best part is the higher ups all switch out every 3 - 6 months it seems. I've had at least 4 District managers in the short time i've been here, multiple RVP's and LP's. Everyone comes in for 6 months then jumps ship to somewhere more stable. Meanwhile we cut costs to appear more profitable.   The whole retail side of the company is a sham."
The reason people buy earthquake insurance is not because normal insurance goes straight to the lender (it does not) but because oftentimes earthquake damage is not covered under normal homeowner's insurance. Natural disasters are often not covered under regular insurance. This is why people buy flood insurance. If your pipes burst and flood your house, your home owner's insurance will typically cover. If the local river floods and floods your house, oftentimes insurance will not cover. This is why a lot of state/federal agencies have separate pools of insurance. All earthquake insurance in California is technically through the state agency, though you may go through your homeowner provider to get it. I pay $200 a year for mine, I wouldn't say it's very expensive. My concern is not a giant earthquake that destroys my house. My concern is a large earthquake that might cause cracks in my slab or structural damage that my regular insurance is in no way obligated to cover but I need to fix. I think if you live in an earthquake prone area it's as reasonable as getting flood insurance if you live in an area known to flood.
I think that's a bad way to look at it. What if the price of that asset never fails below that value again? Do you just never buy?  I think a better way to operate is to do your due diligence, and if the asset you're looking at holds value for you at its current price, then jump in. Otherwise - look somewhere else.
Getting older isn’t something people like to think about, let alone talk about it. For many, aging is scary and full of unknown. Utah retirement community (Summerfield ) is here to bring a positive light to your aging. Our Utah retirement community is all about maintaining independence and not giving it up. Recognizing the good things that come with staying in Utah retirement living community will help make the transition easier. Know more about us here: http://summerfieldinfo.com/
As someone that works in tech for a living, these items have completely changed the game for people with disabilities. These automated setups used to be thousands upon thousands of dollars with cables running everywhere, and now they can do the same things wirelessly for just a couple hundred dollars.
I stock is only worth what someone will pay for it.  If you want to sell it you will get market price which is the bid.
Just have the associate sign the back and then deposit it.  It's called a third party cheque and is perfectly legal.  I wouldn't be surprised if it has a longer hold period and, as always, you don't get the money if the cheque doesn't clear. Now, you may have problems if it's a large amount or you're not very well known at the bank.  In that case you can have the associate go to the bank and endorse it in front of the teller with some ID.  You don't even technically have to be there.  Anybody can deposit money to your account if they have the account number. He could also just deposit it in his account and write a cheque to the business.
This is far more important than Facebook shares. Models for games like theirs can easily be changed to find new revenue streams. Heck, if they wanted they could up and move to Google+ and still make money. Or start a traditional game app factory.
"While the other answers try to quantify the value of health care the question you ask is about employee vs contractor. The delta between those regarding benefits goes way beyond health care. In fact because almost every full time employee must have health care offered by their employer the option of  ""you can have X with healthcare, or Y with no healthcare"" is no longer an option. I have seen situations in the last few years where employees who had no need for healthcare coverage (retired military) were offered additional vacation days to compensate for their lower cost to the employer. For employee vs contractor what is different isn't just healthcare. It also includes holidays, vacation days, sick days, employer portion of social security, education benefits, and 401k. Insurance benefits include not just healthcare but also dental, vision, short term and long term disability, and life insurance. The rule of thumb to cover all these benefits that are lost when you are a contractor is an amount equal to your income. Of course some of these benefits  depend on single vs married and kids or not. But unless the rate they are paying the contractors is approaching twice the rate they are paying employees the contractor will be hard pressed to cover the missing benefits."
Unprintable, yes, it's a scam. Nobody will ever have any legitimate reason to run money through your account. Period.
If they don't spoil, you can still get some marginal benefit if buying in bulk means you avoid the need for a trip to the shops to get a replacement. If the item is a commodity that you will use eventually you are unlikely to lose out as the prices tend to remain fairly stable. There's also the inconvenience factor, I like to have plenty of some items so I'm not caught short, consider how important your furnace is in mid winter, or the inconvenience of running out of an item right when you need it.
"I get that people can be friends but I don't think my bosses boss even liked him much. I just think his boss is conflict avoidant. His boss had to lay off one their direct reports and they came in my office and were pacing back and forth saying things like ""I hope she doesn't hate me."""
&gt;We should expect the courts to be less corruptible because their proceedings take place in public,      Why would we expect that? Reality doesn't really suggest that. You also completely ignore how money can (without actually corrupting the court) 'win' you a case.  Money allows you to bury a litigant in the law itself. You see it time and time again in environmental lawsuits.  Sheer wealth alone is enough to win many cases and avoid prosecution to begin with in many other cases. Dragging it out for years. The average person will have little chance (as they already do) in tackling the larger issues via the court system. And in fact many of the larger cases in this country *don't* happen completely in public.  And removing the government won't change that.       As for the banks and banksters...the *banks* may have been broke by now without government involvement.  The *bankers* themselves would still be wealthier than most of humanity.      &gt;Small government that debates everything in the open       It's the transparency that's the issue. A big government that debated everything in the open would have most of the same positives and negatives. So would a medium government.
First, let me fill in the gaps on your situation, based on the numbers you've given so far. I estimate that your student loan balance (principal) is $21,600. With the variable rate loan option that you've presented, the maximum interest rate you could be charged would be 11.5%, which would bring your monthly payment up to that $382 number you gave in the comments. Your thoughts are correct about the advantage to paying this loan off sooner.  If you are planning on paying off this loan sooner, the interest rate on the variable rate loan has less opportunity to climb. One thing to be cautious of with the comparison, though: The $1200 difference between the two options is only valid if your rate does not increase.  If the rate does increase, of course, the difference would be less, or it could even go the other way.  So keep in mind that the $1200 savings is only a theoretical maximum; you won't actually see that much savings with the variable rate option. Before making a decision, you need to find out more about the terms of this variable rate loan: How often can your rate go up? What is the loan rate based on? I'm not as familiar with student loan variable rate loans, but there are other variable rate loans I am familiar with: With a typical adjustable rate home mortgage, the rate is locked for a certain number of years (perhaps 5 years).  After that, the bank might be allowed to raise the rate once every period of months (perhaps once every year).  There will be a limit to how much the rate can rise on each increase (perhaps 1.0%), and there will be a maximum rate that could be charged over the life of the loan (perhaps 12%). The interest rate on your mortgage can adjust up, inside of those parameters.  (The actual formula used to adjust will be found in the fine print of your mortgage contract.)  However, the bank knows that if they let your rate get too high above the current market rates, you will refinance to a different bank.  So the mortgage is typically structured so that it will raise your rate somewhat, but it won't usually get too far above the market rate.  If you knew ahead of time that you would have the house paid off in 5 years, or that you would be selling the house before the 5 years is over, you could confidently take the adjustable rate mortgage. Credit cards, on the other hand, also typically have variable rates.  These rates can change every month, but they are usually calculated on some formula determined ahead of time.  For example, on my credit card, the interest rate is the published Prime Rate plus 13.65%.  On my last statement, it said the rate was 17.15%.  (Of course, because I pay my balance in full each month, I don't pay any interest.  The rate could go up to 50%, for all I care.) As I said, I don't know what determines the rate on your variable rate student loan option, and I don't know what the limits are.  If it climbs up to 11.5%, that is obviously ridiculously high.  I recommend that you try to pay off this student loan as soon as you possibly can; however, if you are not planning on paying off this student loan early, you need to try to determine how likely the rate is to climb if you want to pick the variable rate option.
Ah well . .then it would make good business sense to strangle their economy and put sanctions on the North Koreans, otherwise the might not need to sell the Tech to Iran for oil and dollars. Great Plan and then there is also Pakistan, I guess they could carry a Tactical nuke across the border on a donkey. That would be cool.  Yeah Iran . .why build what you can buy
You could rent it out to hunters, or a charge a fee for camping on it. If you log it, you can often get Federal assistance in paying for replanting. You can also get certifications that your timber is being grown and harvested sustainably, making future timber more valuable, while minimizing the environmental impacts of harvesting on the property.  You also may be able to get mitigation credits for restoring and maintaining the land. The credits can be sold to developers in the same watershed to cover the taxes.
The first thing you need to do is look at your terms and conditions of your credit card, or ask your bank, how they will apply the payments.  As Dilip notes in his answer, in the US, they will likely apply the minimum payment to the lower rate balance, and then must apply the rest above the minimum to the higher rate balance.  In other countries, this will vary by law and custom.  Do not assume it will pay off the higher balance, or proportionally, without asking. Let's take the following example. You owe $6000.  $5000 is at 13.5% (normal purchase rate) and $1000 is at 22% (cash advance rate).  If your bank applies payments to both balances proportionally, then a payment of $600 will reduce your purchase balance by $500 and your cash advance balance by $100. The average APR, then, is simply sum of the product of the APR times balance.  So here, (.135*5000 + .225*1000)/6000 = 15%.  This is called a weighted average. If the bank applies the payment differently - such as to the lower rate first, or some specified part to the lower rate and the rest to the higher rate - then this will be misleading if you enter it into a calculator, because your average APR will rise over time as you pay off the purchase balance but don't pay off the cash advance balance, or may decrease if the opposite happens. The weighted average is probably reasonably close in the circumstance that you describe, even if you have rules applying the balance differently, so long as they don't 100% pay down the lower rate - so it may be the simplest option for you in terms of rough calculations (where it's not critical to be correct, just close). One approach using the online calculators that might be better, is to treat these like two separate loans/cards.  Many calculators exist for multiple balances.  Then you can allocate funds differently to the two 'cards'.  This would allow you to see how long you will need until you've paid off the higher balance, for example, although it probably won't perfectly match things - unless you find a site that has this specific option available you probably will have to either live with a small error in your calculations or do the math by hand.
You are correct, I didn't understand that at all. Apparently us consumers don't need to know when our financial information is susceptible to being compromised.   One question: Is your username based on the Redwall book series? I loved all those books.
"Balance transfer is a specific type of transactions where you use card X to pay off card Y. Assume you have a credit card Y with $1000 current balance. You open a new credit card X, and use the newly approved credit to pay off the balance on Y. You'll pay $30 fee (3% of the balance you're transferring). This doesn't apply to transfers from your checking/savings to the credit card to pay off the balance on that credit card. ""Balance Transfer"" is when you use credit limit of card X to pay off existing balance of card Y, nothing else."
"I'm sorry, unless the employee has a contract he need not be rewarded during successful periods. However, the shareholder does have such a contract: the articles of incorporation.   Your quasi-communist ideology might characterize this situation as also unfair, but the fact remains that an investor is more valuable to a company than an employee is. Furthermore, an investor takes on risk, something an employee does not do. When I purchase CAT stock, I may very well lose everything. I am the last in the long line of creditors. However, the employee does not stand to lose anything, and is much higher in the line of creditors.   The days of Sinclair's ""The Jungle"" are over in this country. CAT has no obligation to pay above-market wages to its employees."
If you have just started an IRA (presumably with a contribution for 2012),  you likely have $5000 in it, or $10,000 if you made a full contribution for  2013 as well. At this time, I would recommend putting it all in a  single low-cost mutual fund. Typically, mutual funds that track an index such as the S&P 500 Index have lower costs (annual expense fees) than actively managed funds, and most investment companies offer such mutual funds, with Fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab, to name a few, having very low expenses even among index funds. Later, when you have more money in the account, you can consider diversifying into more funds, buying stocks and bonds, investing in ETFs, etc. Incidentally, if you are just starting out and your Roth IRA is essentially your first investment experience, be aware that you do not need a brokerage account for your Roth IRA until you have more money in the account to invest and specifically want to buy individual stocks and bonds instead of just mutual funds. If you opened a brokerage account for your Roth IRA, close it and  transfer the Roth IRA to your choice of mutual fund company; else you will be paying annual fees to the brokerage for maintaining your account, inactivity fees since you won't be doing any trading, etc. The easiest way to do this is to go to the mutual fund company web site and tell them that you want to transfer your IRA to them (not roll over your IRA to them) and they will take care of all the paper work and collecting your money from the brokerage (ditto if your Roth IRA is with a bank or another mutual fund company). Then close your brokerage account.
not if it's only Bob and a couple others that are having the problem.  The company is spending more money on the wages of the guy helping him out than what Bob brought to the company with his purchase.  There's no sense in paying for a customer.
"It's not a talking point, use google.   What ""one thing"" do they have?   You know what I find funny? The fact that there are virtually no ruins in Africa, especially subsaharan Africa (aka black people) to speak of. Your continent still has people living in mud huts with technology no more advanced than the romans. You can't govern, there is an entire continent to prove that testament. But yes, surely that's all due to sunny weather."
There is one basic principle to apply here:  to compare money paid at different times, all the amounts must be compounded or discounted to the same point in time. In this case, the moment of the initial  $225,000 loan is convenient. At that moment, you get $225,000 You then make 30 payments on the 40% mortgage.  The amount of these payments has to be calculated;  they're paying off a $90,000 mortgage with 30 monthly payments at a monthly rate of 0.5% Finally, you make 30 payments of an amount X, starting one month after the 40% mortgage ends. So far we've just listed the amount and time of all the payments back and forth. A time-line type diagram is a huge help here. Finally, use compound interest and annuity formulas to bring all the payments to the starting point, using an interest rate of 1% a month! Equate money in with money out and solve for X
Some index funds offer lower expense ratios to those who invest large amounts of money. For example, Vanguard offers Admiral Shares of many of its mutual funds (including several index funds) to individuals who invest more than $50K or $100K, and these Shares have lower expense ratios than the Investor shares in the fund. There are Institutional Shares designed for investments by pension plans, 401k plans of large companies etc which have even lower expenses than Admiral Shares. Individuals working for large companies sometimes get access to Institutional Shares through their 401k plans.  Thus, there is something to gained by investing in just one index fund (for a particular index) that offers lower expense ratios for large investments instead of diversifying into several index funds all tracking the same index. Of course, this advantage might be offset by failure to track the index closely, but this tracking should be monitored not on a daily basis but over much longer periods of time to test whether your favorite fund is perennially trailing the index by far more than its competitors with larger expense ratios. Remember that the Net Asset Value (NAV) published by each mutual fund after the markets close already take into account the expense ratio.
"I am doubtfull of this claim.  I had a HORRIBLE experience with a dog trainer and I wanted to lambaste her on Yelp.  I signed up, and posted my negative review.  I also gave 5 stars to two other dog trainers.  What I did looked like classic competitor manipulation --critisize the real competition while praising the non-threatening businesses.  And yet, my negative post instantly became #1 and is still #1.  I thought Yelp had to be teasing me, so I checked on multiple computers and devices without logging in -- my review was #1.  Here's how I figured it: I wrote good reviews.  Each one took me at least 20-30 minutes, and the negative one several days!  I didn't just ""leave a comment"" but explained my reasons and gave useful insight for others when dealing with that person.    My favorite dog trainer also has a ""filtered reviews"" problem.  She advertises her Yelp page while pointing out to not miss the ""filtered reviews"" section.  I took a look at those reviews... and... I totally understood why they were filtered.  Not one gave value whatsoever.  It was just several renditions of, ""She's awesome! My dog loves her!""  Yelp's algorithm has no evidence the review could possibly be real, so it filters it out.  I've also read that there has been extensive research on fake-paid-for reviews and they have found telling signals that the writer never experienced the service.   I am sure Yelp is also taking advantage of that research."
&gt; ... but if you believe it is even remotely possible with the current political climate we live in ...  There is nothing stopping you from doing a city/country/state [proposition](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_ballot_proposition) (laws vary).   Larry Lessig has an excellent [talk about the problem and the solution](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ik1AK56FtVc).  Flailing at Walmart isn't a solution.
"I would accept the offer provided that it is a BONA FIDE offer. Some issues to consider: 1) Make sure the debt is actually yours. 2) Make sure that there is a meaningful period of time left on the statute of limitations (10 years). Because if this ""settlement"" doesn't work, the clock goes back to time zero for the debt, minus the amount you paid. In other words, don't pay off a debt ""by the end of the month"" that will expire on the fifteenth. 3) I'm not a lawyer, and therefore, in your shoes, I would consider consulting a lawyer. 4) If using a lawyer isn't cost effective, then I would set up an escrow account, deposit the settlement amount, and then release it upon receipt of a letter that says that the amount in escrow fully satisfies the debt. Such a letter will help your record with credit agencies. It will also establish a record that you've paid, and paid in full. Based on what you've said about the original letter, the debt collector would be willing to do this. If he reneges, he's ""playing games."""
"Nobody is claiming that there has been no warming. However, it is not a subject of controversy that the ""pause"" has gone on for 17 years, in contradiction to all the climate models. The most ardent alarmists (except for you) aren't denying that--they are trying to explain it in various ways.   http://wattsupwiththat.com/2013/11/04/rss-reaches-santers-17-years/"
I assume that when you say 'the DOW' that you actually mean the general market.  The ticker symbol for the general market is SPY (called a 'Spider'). The ticker symbol for Nasdaq is QQQ.  SPY currently pays 2.55% in dividends in a year.  QQQ currently pays 1.34% in dividends in a year.
Liquid Nitrogen Import Data enables importing companies and traders to avail more information that can be of great benefit for improving their businesses. They also want to stay in the trading market and help their domestic products and industries to flourish further in their own country and in the foreign land.
Seriously. Lately it seems like it's shrinking as well. Just last night I figured I'd pop on and watch a couple episodes of MASH, nope gone. Ok, maybe start another binge of Futurama, nope first 5 seasons are gone. Ok, fine I'll just go back and pick up on Bones, nope another one with the first 5 seasons gone. Oh but hey, there are a bunch of WW2 propaganda movies and stand up specials that were just added.
American workers generally get an average of 10 days paid vacation a year, sometimes with a few extra sick days; but a full time American worker averages taking only 5-7 days a year.    I'm an American worker and I get 1 day a year. After 5 years, I get 2 more. That one day is vacation and sick leave. I work for a US based multi billion dollar company as an hourly employee.
Increasing rates from .75% to 1% is an attempt to control debt.  The new 1% rate drives down demand for bonds based on the old .75% rate and drives down demand for stocks who have decrease profit because they pay more interest on debt.  This is the federal reserves primary tool controling inflation.   1% is what the banks pay to borrow money, they base their lending rates on this 1% figure.  If a person can guarantee a .75% return on money borrowed at 1%, they will opt to save and instead lend their money out at 1%.
I work in banking for the private bank division for a major bank as a banker. I have been helping clients with these types of transactions for years. I believe that large transactions like this are best left to the big boys. That is where the talented bankers/loan officers/underwriters are, and that is the type of transaction they specialize in. I know for a fact that your credit union will not be able to suit your needs, and a smaller bank will be tough to deal with. I wouldn't worry at all about the credit pulls as much as picking a rock solid bank with lots of experiences doing these kinds of deals. That is my 2 cents, albeit a little bit biased, but it is also coming from experience. History with the bank definitely matters, but what business you can bring to the bank along with the lending (deposits, 401k management, personal investments, business services, etc) matter just as much and can make or break the approval/decline or even the terms being favorable or not favorable to your company.
It's reminiscent of how state socialist governments made their own brands to sell through state-owned grocery stores.  In this case, Aldi is making its own (low quality) branded goods (instead of allowing for capitalist/competitive brand selection) and excluding from its stores all other branded goods made by other companies.    Aldi does not follow the Costco model. They're not comparable at all.   Costco has yearly membership fees and you can buy quality name brands from them at rock-bottom prices.  Aldi is not a membership club and sells almost exclusively low-quality in-house brands.    Costco does have the in-house Kirkland brand, though it is highly lauded by its customers.
"@sdg's answer is spot-on with the advice to avoid repeated conversions, but I'd like to provide some specifics on the fees involved: Each time you round-trip Canadian dollars (CAD) through a U.S.-dollar (USD) priced security at TD Waterhouse and leave your proceeds in CAD, you're paying a total foreign exchange fee – implied in their rate  spread – of about 3%, give or take. That's ~3% per buy & sell combination, or ~1.5% on each end. You can imagine if you trade back & forth frequently, you can quickly lose a lot of money.  Do it back and forth ten times in a year and you're out ~30% on the fees alone! The TD U.S. Money Market Fund (TDB166) that TD Waterhouse is referring to has no direct commission to buy or sell, but it does have a Management Expense Ratio (MER) of 0.20% per year – basically a fee which is deducted from the fund's returns (which, today, are also close to zero.)  Practically speaking, that's a very slim fee to hold some USD in your Canadian dollar TFSA. While 0.20% is cheap, a point to keep in mind is if you maintain a significant USD balance, you are maintaining currency risk:  You can lose money in CAD terms if the CAD appreciates vs. USD. Additional references: Canadian Capitalist describes TD Waterhouse and the use of TDB166 and ""wash trades"" at How to ""Wash"" Your Trade?  He's referring to RRSPs, but the same applies to TFSAs, which came out after the post was written. Canadian Couch Potato has two relevant articles: Are US-listed ETFs Really Cheaper? and Lowering Your Currency Exchange Fees."
"The simple answer could be that one or more ""people"" decided to buy. By ""people,"" I don't mean individual buyers of 100 shares like you or me, but typically large institutional investors like Fidelity, who might buy millions of shares at a time. Or if you're talking about a human person, perhaps someone like Warren Buffett. In a ""thinly"" traded small cap stock that typically trades a few hundred shares in a day, an order for ""thousands"" could significantly move the price. This is one situation where more or less ""average"" people could move a single stock."
Zimbabwe was a fine place to live when it was Rhodesia. Zambia, which is welcoming back a number of Whites, is doing better now as well, where the same cannot be as well said for Zimbabwe.       Material resources are not the source of most country's wealth anyway, or we would not see countries like Hong Kong, Singapore, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, or Switzerland develop. And yet, we do. The common thread between them is simple: freedom and intelligence - things Africa lacks and cannot hope to create unless what most would call a tragedy were to occur.      I wouldn't kid yourself, really. Many countries have had exceptionally long histories with many a chance to develop and yet they have not done so well as those with brighter populations. Many have had very short histories, with little chance to develop and yet they have done exceptionally. As stated above, there are common threads and that's what Faber is clearly referencing, not some mixed-blessing of resources or somesuch.    Don't be foolish. There are no other sufficient explanations after properly interrogating the issue.
"define ""spoil""? we are not talking about expensive gadgets, TVs and video games. we are talking good schools, quality food and health care.   it's the opposite of ""spoiled"" in many ways. no junk food, no idle time. lots of learning, work and discipline."
The purpose of the W-4 form is to allow you to adjust the withholding to meet your tax obligations. If you have outside non-wage income (money from tutoring) you will have to fill out the W-4 to have extra taxes withheld. If you have deductions (kids, mortgages, student loan interest) then you need to adjust the form to have less tax taken out. Now if yo go so far that you owe too much in April, then you can get hit with penalties and a requirement to file your taxes quarterly the next year. Most years I adjust my W-4 to reflect changes to my situation. The idea is to use it to manage your withholding so that you minimize your refund without triggering the penalties. The HR department has advised you well. How to adjust: If you want to decrease withholding (making the refund smaller) add one to the number on the worksheet. In 2014 a change by 1 exemption is equal to a salary adjustment of  $3,950. If this was spread over 26 paychecks that would be the same as lowering your salary by ~$152. If you are in the 15% tax bracket that increases your take home pay by ~10 a check.
"Securities and ETFs are also subjected to Estate Tax.  Some ways: Draft a ""Transfer on Death"" instruction to the broker, that triggers a transfer to an account in the beneficiary's name, in most cases avoiding probate. If the broker does not support it, find another broker.  Give your brokerage and bank password/token to your beneficiary. Have him transfer out holdings within hours of death.  Create a Trust, that survives even after death of an individual.  P.S. ETF is treated as Stock (a company that owns other companies), regardless of the nature of the holdings.  P.S.2 Above suggestions are only applicable to nonresident alien of the US."
But . .but . .Fitchy baby . .sweetheart . .dahlink . .  You do remember how you were exposed as total and complete ignorant fraudulent assholes in 2008 . . .you poor babies . .you really didn't have a clue  But now that you have recovered your composure or at least put on a straight enough face not to look like total clowns, we are more interested in what is the state of the all that garbage you rated aaa that the Fed is putting up for sale next month.  Do tell muffin . . .I hear it could sink the global economy into a 4.5 trillion dollar depression . . .we do await your wisdom on such a pressing matter
"What types of delivery options are these? I worked in logistics for a brief period (like 2 years, not much) and have never heard of such a thing.   I think what the person above you mentioned is that UPS and FedEx both lean heavily on USPS for shipments to rural areas that it simply doesn't make sense for the private companies to build a network to distribute to. Instead they dump your UPS/FedEx onto USPS for the last leg or two of distribution, depending on how rural the area is. Most addresses listed as ""beyond points"" in already rural areas are almost all delivered by USPS and not UPS/FedEx"
"Shipping Costs. Tariffs. (Mexico and US have NAFTA, so Corona comes in cheap to the country). and Local and National taxes.  Corona is made in Mexico and is a short truck ride across the border to be distributed. To get to Australia, it goes much slower, and can cause more of the product to go bad before it gets there, hence the cost goes up.  Same with Budweiser, except it has even less distance to travel within the states.  By the way, the US also has heavy ""sin"" taxes on alcohol. I'd imagine both of these products are cheaper in Mexico.  Also, I assume, you are not exchanging $1 AUS = $1 US. right?"
Jewish living in Brooklyn here, the Satmars are pretty much all crazy assholes. This is also why I hate when Jews or Christians talk badly about Muslims because of the extremists. There's an exact version of these people in every religion.
"I can't imagine how a company that has all the proof it needs of its existence and business dealings is able to be challenged in this way. Fact is, they were doing business first. The insurance company has no claim to make. (I'm not a lawyer, my observation there is based on what's right and logical...perhaps the law disagrees and if so, that law is as crooked as the judge who thinks the request for the insurance company's business dealings off ""frivolous"").  They may have messed up. That's because the evidence looks pretty ""open and shut"".   Too bad for them they're getting pushed around on the basis of ""I'm bigger"" I guess, huh? I don't see why this means they're on their own.  Edit: I didn't see the part about the dillusion suit. Definitely brought it on themselves, still being harassed; and insurance company has no right to shut them or their site down."
"Your inference in #1 is incorrect.  The million dollars he has contributed is going to be part of the assets of the fund.  This is common practice and is a way for the founder to express confidence that the fund will make money.  He wants you to come up with a model that he can then use to trade those assets.  Presumably he will give you some money if he uses your model and it works. Regarding #2, there are lots of ways of getting data.  Sometimes you can buy it directly from the exchange.  You can also buy from vendors like tickdata.com.  There are lots of such vendors.  Since he makes a big deal about saying it's expensive, I'm assuming he is talking about data at relatively high frequency (not daily, which would be cheap).  Stock data is still not bad.  Complete US data would be a few thousand dollars (maybe 20K at the most).  For someone sitting at home with no capital, that's a lot of money, but for a hedge fund it's nothing. As an institutional investor, your broker will give you a data feed that will provide all prices in real time (but not historically).  If he's been in operation a while, he could have just saved the prices as they came out of the pipe.  I don't think that's the case here, though, based on how young he is and how little money is involved. In short, he paid for some data and has ""encrypted"" it in such a way that he can legally share it for free.  Supposedly his method preserves the structure so that you could write a trading model based on the encrypted data and it would work on real data.  Once you have a good trading model, you sell it to him and he will use it to trade his million dollars and whatever other money he is able to gather."
It should go without saying (should being the key word) that you must pay employees enough so that they stop thinking about money. If your people are under that thresshold, these points aren't as powerful. Underpaid people will always underperform, mentally check-out, look for a new job, etc. Being underpaid is like being on fire. Before anything else can happen, this must be addressed.  Once they're above the thresshold and money is no longer a motivator, that's when you need these things to happen. Compensation sort of falls into the law of diminishing return. More is always better...to a point. I've read that point cited at $75-77k in the US. After that, people aren't working solely for compensation anymore.
The classic Nigerian scam involves sending fraudulent cashier's checks to unwitting recipients who then deposit them in their account.  The bank reverses these deposits once they discover the check is not valid.  At least in the US and in the parts of the EU I'm familiar with (the Netherlands), the method of the Nigerian scam is consistent and banks will reverse the deposit after some holding period. Given this, it's unlikely that most banks will convert an arbitrary cashier's check to cash without any means to recover the amount should the check be fraudulent.
It's not made up, the guy is a buffoon and the Republicans are too spineless to toss his ass overboard and get shit done. Trump only looks out for himself, he doesn't give two shits about his party or the country.
Right, just like computers are only available to the upper class.  In reality, the wealthy would just be the initial market.  As their demand causes supply increases/cost innovation, prices will inevitably fall (and philanthropy almost certainly rise), which would make the enhancements available further down the economic ladder, which cycles the process again.
"Don't assume you will make a loss. I knew a couple of cases where people have made mistakes like this and turned it into a more profitable business than their original venture, causing them to willingly make the same ""mistake""again.  Look for the strength: a large quantity, all ready to go. It's way easier to solve than having no stock. Look further afield than usual; talk to people in different parts of the supply chain. Sure, your usual customers don't need that much all at once but would a distributor in a neighboring country or state be interested? It's possible someone out there is having trouble fulfilling an unusually big order and would love your help. Alternatively, do something unusual. Is there a pet event going on at which you could have a blow out one-off sale and work the marketing angle?  Think creatively but, most importantly, you're doing the right thing by tackling this now. A distributor won't touch it when it's only got two months left."
"Consider property taxes (school, municipal, county, etc.) summing to 10% of the property value.  So each year, another .02N is removed.  Assume the property value rises with inflation.  Allow for a 5% after inflation return on a 70/30 stock bond mix for N.   After inflation return.   Let's assume a 20% rate.  And let's bump the .05N after inflation to .07N before inflation.  Inflation is still taxable.   Result  Drop in value of investment funds due to purchase.   Return after inflation.   After-inflation return minus property taxes.   Taxes are on the return including inflation, so we'll assume .06N and a 20% rate (may be lower than that, but better safe than sorry).   Amount left.   If no property, you would have .036N to live on after taxes.  But with the property, that drops to .008N.  Given the constraints of the problem, .008N could be anywhere from $8k to $80k.   So if we ignore housing, can you live on $8k a year?  If so, then no problem.  If not, then you need to constrain N more or make do with less house.   On the bright side, you don't have to pay rent out of the .008N.  You still need housing out of the .036N without the house.   These formulas should be considered examples.  I don't know how much your property taxes might be.  Nor do I know how much you'll pay in taxes.  Heck, I don't know that you'll average a 5% return after inflation.  You may have to put some of the money into cash equivalents with negligible return.  But this should allow you to research more what your situation really is.   If we set returns to 3.5% after inflation and 2.4% after inflation and taxes, that changes the numbers slightly but importantly.  The ""no house"" number becomes .024N.  The ""with house"" number becomes  So that's $24,000 (which needs to include rent) versus -$800 (no rent needed).  There is not enough money in that plan to have any remainder to live on in the ""with house"" option.  Given the constraints for N and these assumptions about returns, you would be $800 to $8000 short every year.   This continues to assume that property taxes are 10% of the property value annually.  Lower property taxes would of course make this better.  Higher property taxes would be even less feasible.   When comparing to people with homes, remember the option of selling the home.  If you sell your .2N home for .2N and buy a .08N condo instead, that's not just .12N more that is invested.  You'll also have less tied up with property taxes.  It's a lot easier to live on $20k than $8k.   Or do a reverse mortgage where the lender pays the property taxes.  You'll get some more savings up front, have a place to live while you're alive, and save money annually.   There are options with a house that you don't have without one."
"Stop lights. Traffic patterns. Airplane landing order, or even efficiency on the best path to travel. Power grid system efficiency. Netflix giving recommendations. Google responses.  All those hurricane and weather tracking systems. Targeted ads. I suppose I should say ""algorithms"" but I consider that a form of AI. A designed decision by a computer that makes it based on a multitude of input information."
"Taxes are a tool for achieving social policy goals. While Americans consider ""Socialism"" to be a curse, the US is in fact quite socialistic. Mostly towards corporations, but sometimes even the normal people, not only the ""Corporation are people, my friend"" (M. Romney) get some discounts. The tax deduction on mortgage interest comes as a tool to encourage Americans to own their homes. It is important, socially, for people to own their home to be independent, and in general contributes to the stability of the society. As anything, when taken to the extreme, it in fact achieves exactly the opposite, as we've seen in 2008, but when balanced - works well. Capital gain is taxed in the US, because it is income. Generally, any income is taxed. However, gain sourced from the sale of primary residence is excluded, up to a certain (quite large) amount from this tax (if lived in the residence long enough - 3 of the last 5 years prior to sale). This, again, to encourage Americans to upgrade their houses and make it easier for Americans to relocate when needed (sell one house and buy another without losing cash on taxes). As to ""asset producing income"" - that is true in the US as well. You cannot deduct your personal expenses, in general. Mortgage interest on primary residence is a notable exception, because it serves a social cause. Similarly, medical expenses are allowed as a deduction, if they're above certain limit, and many other things (for example - if a US person totals his car, and insurance doesn't cover the loss - it is tax deductible, above certain limit, the higher the income - the higher the limit). These are purely social policy breaks. Socialism, something Americans like to have, and love to hate. Many ""anti-socialists"" in the US are in fact taking advantage of these specific tax breaks the most, because for rich folks these are limited or non-existent (mortgage interest limited up to 1 million, medical expenses are allowed only above certain percentage of income, etc)."
I think Wendy's food is delicious, they've really stepped up their game over the last year or so (at least they have in Canada don't know if they've made changes in the US).  I would eat there 1-2 times a week if fast food wasn't so unhealthy.
"Without more specifics, yes, you should. The risk depends on your policy, but the impact is high. The actual requirement will depend on your state and the specific language in your policy. Some policies will provide full coverage if that driver has your permission to use the car. The cost of not complying can be substantial. If you live with your girlfriend, apply for a policy and fail to disclose her presence in your household, that could be construed as intent to fraud in some situations. Other companies will drop your coverage if they find out. You need to think long and hard before not answering a question posed by an insurance company with complete honesty. There are documented cases where families have lost out on thousands of dollars because someone checked the ""non-smoker"" box on a life insurance form, but the insurance company found a picture of the person smoking a cigar at a wedding."
Since I've been doing this since late 03 I have colo machines in Chicago and NYC, and have direct exchange data feeds etc.  I mentioned in a prior post though, for someone starting out on algorithmic trading, I'd recommend Nanex for tick data and Interactive Brokers for your brokerage account. IB has a robust and easy to use API. It won't let you do the most low latency stuff bc you can't colo at the exchange and have to clear through their order management systems but if you are looking at opportunities that exist in the market in excess of 50ms it's probably a good place to start. If not, go Lightspeed imo, but that'll cost you on the colo/data a lot more.
Global warming is not a hoax.  However this type of climate change, higher CO2, has many benefits and one is that we will have much more vegetation and higher levels of oxygen. All vegetation does better in high CO2 levels as we both know because we are scientific about things and not emotional.  Global warming is used as a tax issue. Obama just wants to tax the energy industries, but who always pays is the end user.
Its highly unlikely to 'collapse', perhaps there will be  managed defaults, yes, but there is no way they will let it collapse as a global depression would follow.  If the euro collapses it will also bring down most of the global economy including the likes of China and the US (not to mention the Germans) and they are not going to let that happen.  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6cf8ce18-2042-11e1-9878-00144feabdc0.html#axzz1y0lc0hy1  P.s. I am surprised we have not seen more suggestions of buying guns, land and building a commune.
"With options you pay for a premium which relates to the expected (so-called ""implied"" volatility). With futures, there is no assumption about the volatility of an underlying stock. In general, when trading options you trade the direction and future expected volatility of an underlying while futures are directional trades only."
It would seem that the best method of bank robbery involves an inside man or woman, someone in the bank who can provide information about where the largest amount of cash is and when to hit the bank. $20,000 does not seem to be worth the risk of jail time. I'd say anything south of $100,000 per bank robber probably wouldn't be worth it, and getting that amount of cash would require more than a simple walk-in, pull a gun, empty a register robbery.   The trick would either be proving an iron-clad alibi for the inside person or the group of robbers collectively contributing to the cost of that person disappearing. At the very least, that individual should get the largest share of the score.   Escape is undoubtedly the biggest issue. One would need immediate transportation from the scene of the crime which could leave the area, then be dumped (fully scrubbed for prints, DNA, etc.) then the group would all go their separate ways.   Regardless, I don't think it's worth the risk or the effort. First off, when you rob a bank the greedy bankers doesn't lose the money, it's paid by the FDIC, which is founded by taxpayers, so what you're doing is taking money that might otherwise be spent on social services for people who need them. Moreover, it's expensive and time-consuming to launder large amounts of money. If you manage to get $120,000 out of a robbery, which is hugely optimistic, that number would take years and a significant fraction of the take just to clean for personal use. And the risk of not only prison but possibly death seems rather extreme when compared to the admittedly more dull alternative of finding and holding down career.   I think there are probably more efficient criminal methods of obtaining large quantities of money/wealth, too. Illegal narcotics, for example, are a $300 billion a year industry. While it's not the easiest business to get into, one imagines, the potential for someone who isn't just some moron off the street to climb the cartel ladder could be significant and could lead to a high income. There are significant risks, of course, and there's a serious moral question as to whether selling illegal drugs is acceptable or not, but if you're morally flexible or have the opinion that illegal narcotics are not something that should be prohibited, it could work.   And there's always money in the banana stand.
"None.  The first ""caja"" that ""required"" a rescue from the spanish government was Caja Castilla la Mancha. This ""caja"" was a special entity created by the spanish local government and had politicians in the governing board. This politicians were from the ruling party of that region, at that time PSOE (socialist party of Spain).  The funny part is that the president then, Zapatero from the same socialist party, went to London for a G20 meeting and his main reivindication was that the world governments needed to fight against tax paradises. The same week he was there spreading this message it was known that directors of Caja Castilla la Mancha (remember, politicians from the same party) had set up a special entity in a fiscal paradise so their speculations would be cheaper.  Obviously nothing happened to those people."
Started making $140K out of undergrad, Investment Banking. Pre-tax, of course.  Would probably be similar to $80K in a smaller market.    If your total comp includes an end-of-year bonus, you should follow this rule:  Spend salary, bank bonus.
Yes,  if you choose to live within the benefits provided by a system *and* choose to illegally not pay for your part, then yes expect armed men to show up at your door - and rightfully so.  Try joining a family you don't know at a restaurant, start helping yourself to their food and see what happens...
We have extensive experience in web design and development, but that's not all we can offer you. We are specialists SEO in (search engine positioning) and we look for the way to position your website in the first results of Google and the rest of search engines. For this we use the best SMO Services In Oklahoma and techniques and tools on the market that allow us to have a global vision of your sector on the Internet. We are experts in WordPress and Joomla, content managers that allow you to update, edit and add new pages to your site very simply.
Typically a hedge fund makes money in two ways: An asset fee of around 2%, and a performance bonus of 20% of the profits.   This causes a huge deterioration of the funds growth, especially when you compound the difference over 20 or 30 years.   Funny enough, they don't have to put in 20% of losses, that's 100% on the pension to bear.
It's funny you bring up trains. If you actually go back and look at the history of trains during the rise of the automobile you'll find that their practices were far worse than anything Hollywood is doing. Remember when the government was busting up all the Big Trusts (high school History)? The Railroad Trust was fucking with everything from ticket prices, to worker's rights, and yes even regulations to squeeze as much as they could before their ultimate demise. It's a sad lesson because if they had learned to function alongside cars and their actual value of facilitating transportation we wouldn't have the transportation crisis we face now. Your analogy is depressingly apt.   Crowdfunding, a drop in media prices, and 1-login-anywhere-on-demand media services (a la Steam) are definitely sure to crop up over the years and I totally agree that *these* will combat piracy more than anything the government can do. Because honestly I think the U.S. Government pulls this kind of bullshit just to show the American public that they are relevant. Just because they are on the completely wrong side of the argument doesn't mean donors aren't popping up out of nowhere, their offices and websites aren't flooded with traffic, and they aren't benefiting from the press. If they aren't manufacturing retarded schemes like this, they'll have to get back to the real work of voting about the logos on our currency.
"You Need A Budget is a nice budgeting tool that works on the desktop.   It is more focused on manual entry and budgeting over auto-downloading and categorizing.   It does support downloading transactions from banks and then importing the transaction files.    You mentioned having ""trust issues"" with a bank and this would be safe as you don't enter your credentials into the app.   It also has a mobile app that works well. Not exactly what you are looking for, but it would work in India and be safe if you have an untrustworthy bank and it would allow you to import transactions."
There are a couple of things to consider.   First, in order to avoid interest charges you generally just need to pay the statement balance before the statement due date.  This is your grace period.  You don't need to monitor your activity every day and send immediate payments.  If you're being really tight with money, you can actually make a little profit by letting your cash sit in an interest bearing account before you pay your credit card before the due date. Second, credit card interest rates are pretty terrible, and prescribed minimum payments are comically low.  If you buy furniture using your credit card you will pay some interest, be sure to pay way more than the minimum payment.  You should avoid carrying a balance on a credit card.  At 20% interest the approximate monthly interest charge on $1,000 is $16.67. Third, if you carry a balance on your credit card you lose the interest grace period (the first point above) on new charges.  If you buy your couch, and carry the balance, when you buy a soda at 7-11, the soda begins to accrue interest immediately.  If you decide to carry a balance on a credit card, stop using that card for new charges.  It generally takes two consecutive billing period full balance payments to restore the grace period. Fourth, to answer your question, using a credit card to carry a balance has no impact on your score.  Make your payments on time, don't exceed your limits, keep your utilization reasonable.  The credit agencies have no idea if you're carrying a balance or how much interest you're paying. To Appease the people who think point four needs more words: Your credit report contains your limit, your reported balance (generally your statement balance), and approximate minimum payment.  There is no indication related to whether or not the balance contains a carried balance and/or accrued interest.  The mere fact of carrying a balance will not impact your credit score because the credit reporting bureaus don't know you're carrying a balance.  Paying interest doesn't help or hurt your score.  Obviously if your carried balance and interest charges push your utilization up that will impact your score because of the increased utilization. Make your payments on time, don't exceed your limits, keep your utilization reasonable and your score will be fine.
"It's not a fallacy, I'm pointing out you're complaining about housing prices but unwilling to find better ones. As I pointed out (and you ignored) those housing prices are regarding convenience. With a little bit of a drive, you could find ""afforable"" housing instead of renting and voila! nothing to complain about.  If you want a better house, then get a better job. It's not rocket science. Someone on minimum wage isn't going to be able to afford a house in downtown DC or surrounding area."
Apply for a secured credit card (several financial institutions provide these, including most banks. WalletHub gives you a way to search/filter for these cards quite easily).  You will need to deposit funds to cover your credit limit.  Deposit as much as they allow, I believe it is 500.00.  Pay for EVERYTHING with the card.  Monitor your balance due and keep paying it off, to bring the balance due down so you can continue using your card. I know you mentioned your area requires you to be 19, not sure if that still applies if you are applying online, in another state. Also, there's no real reason to get a card with an annual fee in this case. The main reason for an annual fee would be a lower interest charge - simply don't get charged interest, and you'll be better off with not having to pay for a card annually. Good luck.
"shouldn't withdraw stock investments for at least 5 years would be better re-phrased as: ""don't invest money in stocks if you (really) need it within next few years"". The underlying principle is: stocks are one of the higher-risk investment classes out there.  While that's exactly what you want over a long time horizon (longer than the ebb and flow of the broader economy); if you know you'll definitely have to withdraw $50k (or any large chunk) of it within just a few years, it's possible that a great long-term vehicle like stocks, could actually rob you of money on a shorter time horizon. So if you want to start a business 2 years from now, you'll probably want to retain some of that $300k initial pile in lower-risk investment vehicles (e.g. bonds, CDs, certain ETFs and mutual funds aimed at ""capital preservation"", etc). That said, interest rates are so low, that if you're flexible with how much money you'll need to start that business, I'd probably keep as much as you can stomach in diversified stocks (per your original plan)."
The US will let you keep as much money as you want to within its borders regardless of your citizenship. You'll owe capital gains tax in the US unless you're subject to a tax treaty (which you would probably make as an election in the year of the transaction). I don't know if India has any rules about how it governs its citizens' foreign assets, but the US requires citizens to file a form annually declaring foreign accounts over $10,000. You may be subject to additional Indian taxes if India taxes global income like the US does.
The check is just barely over 6 months old. I suspect it will go through with no issues.
There is a lot of difference in the way a commercial cleaning service provider works and the way in which your daily office cleaners perform their job. Lets’ describe in detail how the services of  professional commercial cleaning company is different from the regular cleaners and how they can help you in efficiently running your organization.
Markets are definitely not efficient 100% of the time in thousands for ways. For example, why does implied volatility of options spike right before earnings when everyone already know the earnings date? Sentiment can also change in a blink of an eye based on analyst downgrades or a technical sell off. That said, most market inefficiencies are not salable. Its not possible to make a play off a illogical sell-off when your AUM can buy the company many times over.
Monarchy is a form of government. I make the distinction where the people have little or no say in who makes the rules. In a monarchy, they king makes the rules and people can either move away or stay. In a democracy, the dictators make decisions for them and spend 1/3 of their income, and the people get a 1 in several million say over which of 2 dictators gets to make decisions for them.
"Definitely depends on the field. I work in derivatives (but not on the pure quant side, though), and that's one of the fields that tends to hire the most mathsy guys. Basically involves applying a lot of stochastic calculus and probabilistic concepts to practical pricing problems.   If you want a nice little application from a math perspective (but not necessarily practical), check out ""A Closed-Form Solution for Options with Stochastic Volatility"" by Heston (1992). Should give a decent idea of how typically the problem solving process works in derivative-land: start with a practical problem relating to a probabilistic/modelling concept (eg implied distribution of expected returns) -&gt; apply some math -&gt; come up with some sort of solution.  *edit: clarification 1st paragraph"
Those billionaires are often billionaires because they make it their job to take my hard earned money, which I give them willingly, and make it worth more than inflation in fifty years so that I can retire with dignity, comfort and peace.  If you tax the hell out of that then people are either not going to do it, or it will be prohibitively expensive to do so, meaning that the 401(K) system makes less money.  Also, wtf did the rich people do to deserve to be punished?
How can I calculate my currency risk exposure?  You own securities that are priced in dollars, so your currency risk is the amount (all else being equal) that your portfolio drops if the dollar depreciates relative to the Euro between now and the time that you plan to cash out your investments. Not all stocks, though, have a high correlation relative to the dollar.  Many US companies (e.g. Apple) do a lot of business in foreign countries and do not necessarily move in line with the Dollar.  Calculate the correlation (using Excel or other statistical programs) between the returns of your portfolio and the change in FX rate between the Dollar and Euro to see how well your portfolio correlated with that FX rate.  That would tell you how much risk you need to mitigate. how can I hedge against it?  There are various Currency ETFs that will track the USD/EUR exchange rate, so one option could be to buy some of those to offset your currency risk calculated above.  Note that ETFs do have fees associated with them, although they should be fairly small (one I looked at had a 0.4% fee, which isn't terrible but isn't nothing). Also note that there are ETFs that employ currency risk mitigation internally - including one on the Nasdaq 100 .   Note that this is NOT a recommendation for this ETF - just letting you know about alternative products that MIGHT meet your needs.
Absolutely do not pay off the car if you aren't planning to keep it.  The amount of equity that you have from a trade in vehicle will always be a variable when negotiating a new car purchase.  By applying cash (a hard asset) to increase your equity, you are trading a fixed amount for an unknown, variable amount.  You are also moving from a position of more certainty for a position of less certainty.  You gain nothing by paying off the car, whereas the dealer can negotiate away a larger piece of the equity in the vehicle.
"Unfortunately main stream sources choose not to give this type of analysis and more often than not smell like spam to me. It probably is self serving to some degree but I think the distinction of a valid point from a ""biased"" perspective applies."
From then on we've felt he was really pushy and rushing us to make a decision (we need to lock in a good rate, its a sellers market, it'll go fast, snooze loose, etc).  This is the first reason for walking away. I understand that all those factors might be true but my question is: How do I know we made a good offer? I'm going to be blunt, here: You don't. You work out ahead of time what you will pay (ignore the agent) and you make the offer on the basis of your own research, research you spent months undertaking. The listed price on the location is $375,000 and according to our agent similar units over the last few years had sold for that amount. So our agent suggested making an offer at market price.  According to the agent. I'm going to be blunt here, what do any of the real estate sites out there - that offer a wealth of information for free - indicate? If you don't know, then yet again you don't know if you made the right offer or not. Do some research now by yourself. I would be shocked if your offer was at the right level. Set your emotions aside - there are a gazillion houses out there.
"I'm surprised people don't bring this up more often....if you add together, not just our sovereign debt, but public and private debt, plus our contingent liabilities, meaning FHA, student loans, fannie mae, freddie mac, AIG, etc.  that totals over $100 TRILLION dollars, more than we could ever pay back, meaning literally there is no amount of growth and taxes that could ever pay this money back. (cite my sources do a google search of James Rickards Hopkins lecture it's in the first few minutes)  The reason you need to add all that together is because the economy can't grow if nobody has any money for investment, etc. (there isn't much home equity left after the housing crisis, retirement plans aren't holding as much, etc.) there wouldn't be an easy way to grow this economy, that's why we have ""currency wars"" competitive devaluations....to me we're already over the cliff I don't see us heading back, but I'm not saying that means we're going to collapse, just we'll need to go back to some sort of standard where our currency is backed by something (i.e. commodities or gold or something) and there are going to be A LOT of losses in the near term....meaning I want OUT of dollars....  combined with our lazy/entitled generation (don't tell me creating some website where you can order artistic candy on a stick is going to save our economy...we need to produce and innovate again to lower our trade deficit and so people actually bring their capital here), and dwindling resources I'd say it's already game over, the pieces just need to move into place"
The point of derivatives is to get rid of the risk you don't want so you can acquire exposure only to the risk you want. Who wants weather/temperature risk -- speculators. Who doesn't want that risk? Anyone who's core business is adversely affected by bad weather. It's the same reason multinational firms will hedge FX and interest rates. All a speculator is typically doing is taking the other side of the trade based on what they feel is the true price of the risk they are assuming
The money is still their money, it never becomes your money. The reason is as follows, The books now look like this:  YOU: Asset: Mattress Liability: 600   THEM: Asset: 600 Liability: Mattress  Now, in their books, they mistakenly thought the mattress was returned, and therefore they returned the mattress to you. The books now look like this  YOU: Asset: Mattress Liability: 600   THEM: Asset: Mattress (incorrect) Liability: 0  As you see, their books are wrong, but yours are still correct. According to your books, you owe them $600, which you paid, but then they paid you back. You still have the liability. Why not just depreciate the mattress by 50% over two years? Then there will be no liability on your books.
"There are a few major risks to doing something like that. First, you should never invest money you can't afford to lose. An emergency fund is money you can't afford to lose - by definition, you may need to have quick access to that money. If you determine that you need, for example, $3000 in emergency savings, that means that you need to have at least $3000 at all times - if you lose $500, then you now only have $2500 in emergency savings. Imagine what could've happened if you had invested your emergency savings during the 2008 crash, for example; you could easily have been in a position where you lost both your job and a good portion of your emergency savings at the same time, which is a terrible position to be in. If the car breaks down, you can't really say ""now's a bad time, wait until the stock market bounces back."" Second, with brokerage accounts, there may be a delay before you can actually access the money or transfer it to an account that you can actually withdraw cash from or write checks against (but some of this depends on the exact arrangement you have with your bank). This can be a problem if you're in a situation where you need immediate access to the money - if your furnace breaks in the middle of winter, you probably don't want to wait a few days for the sale and transfer to go through before you can have it fixed. Third, you can be forced to sell the investments at an unfavorable price because you're not sure when you're going to need it. You'd also likely incur trading fees and/or early withdrawal penalties when you tried to withdraw the money. Think about it this way: if you buy a bond that matures in 5 years, you're effectively betting that you won't have an emergency for the next 5 years. If you do, you'll have to either sell the bond or, if you're allowed to get the money back early, you'll likely forfeit a good amount of the interest you earned in the process (which kind of kills the point of buying the bond in the first place). Edit: As @Barmar pointed out in the comments, you may also have to pay taxes on the profits if you sell at a favorable price. In the U.S. at least, capital gains on stuff held for less than a year is taxed at your ordinary income tax rate and stuff held longer than a year is taxed at the long-term capital gains tax rate. So, if you hold the investment for less than a year, you're opening yourself up to the risks of short-term stock fluctuations as well as potential tax penalties, so if you put your emergency fund in stocks you're essentially betting that you won't have an emergency that year (which by definition you can't know). The purpose of an emergency fund is just that - to be an emergency fund. Its purpose isn't really to make money."
Don't think it would happen - at least not for the next 4-5 years - they just put a pretty significant investment into BAMTech to invest in building out stronger online offerings, and are presumably working on an ESPN ott (over-the-top) platform that's gonna roll out later this year (although we know how flimsy timelines are with major networks).  If the strategy doesn't work, or if Iger is hesitant to bet on switching to a more progressive technology (the future for cord-nevers, for sure) for the sake of appeasing shareholders, really the only turnaround strategy they have is the one they're pursuing currently - keep increasing carriage fees to cable/telecom providers so that they can continue to afford the rights they're stuck with for the next decade. If subscriber loss accelerates, or even continues at the current level they're at currently, ESPN won't be able to afford the cumulative rights fees by 2021, in which case we'll see what happens.
"Mathematically it's arbitrary - you could just as easily use the bid or the midpoint as the denominator, so long as you're consistent when comparing securities.  So there's not a fundamental reason to use the ask.  The best argument I can come up with is that most analysis is done from the buy side, so looking at liquidity costs (meaning how much does the value drop instantaneously purely because of the bid-ask spread) when you buy a security would be more relevant by using the ask (purchase price) as the basis. Meaning, if a stock has a bid-ask range of $95-$100, if you buy the stock at $100 (the ask), you immediately ""lose"" 5% (5/100) of its value since you can only sell it for $95."
If you know the market will crash, you could opt for going short. However, if you think this is too risky, not investing at all is probably your best move. In case of crises, correlation go up and almost all assets go down.
No, there is no minimum employee limit in order for a company to initiate an initial public offering.
"Idk I've worked at a tech startup and an ad agency that have these culture perks. There were certainly times here and there that you had to work late but really I wouldn't say it ever cut into work/life balance.   I was paid well, made great relationships, didn't feel over worked and still enjoyed these ""perks"".  Sounds like some people in this thread are jaded or just being taken advantage of."
I don't believe that $1 billion in profits claim for a second. Running trains at over 200 MPH is extremely expensive, so much so that only the Chinese have been willing to do it in regular service. Countries with more credible accounting practices invariably lose money on high speed rail, so there's pretty much no way the Chinese are raking in ten figures just on one route.
That's not the point of an entry level position.  [Why downvotes?  Do you all think people are ready to pop out 2 kids as soon as they graduate high school?  The point is to work entry level, gain skills, and move up the ladder.  You can't get to the top unless you step on the bottom rung first.]
"Wow. I have played on those cymbals, and I never knew the history behind it.  Talk about built to last.  EDIT: and the important lesson from this is  &gt;Still, family businesses in the US tend to be criticised for not focusing on shareholders and quarterly profits. To a certain extent, the Zildjians say that's true.  &gt;""That's one of the advantages of a privately-held business, whether it's a family business or not,"" says Craigie Zildjian. ""You're allowed to think long term. You don't have to play to the market."""
It looks like there's some confusion about the purchase price and reclaiming VAT. You should pay your supplier the total amount (£10 + VAT in this scenario, so £12) - look for this figure on the invoice or receipt. The supplier doesn't normally expect you to work this out for yourself, so I'd be a little surprised if it's not on there? As Dumbcoder's said, you'd then be able to claim the VAT back from HMRC if you were VAT registered. But seeing as you're not, then you don't need to worry about claiming it. And as for selling the product without VAT, you can (and probably should) increase the unit price to cover the extra cost, otherwise you'll be operating at a loss. Hope this helps!

Checks are on the way out. The liability for even sending someone a check is worrying. Banks really do not look at these things very closely before cashing them, it's insane. If you're defrauded you will usually get restitution but it can take a long time to get them to pay up.
They will pay, that's for sure. It's something common in many countries. Sometimes it is stolen money like Philipp said. Sometimes is money from mafia or terrorist groups that needs to be transferred so they use naive people whose profile wouldn't be suspicious if they get sums of money. They will look your past transactions to determine the amount of money they could transfer to you without alerting someone. Why? Because lets say you are a criminal. If you sell 10 kilos of cocaine, some bombs or girls for prostitution and receive the money lets say one million dollars in just one deposit in one bank account, someone will be knocking at your door very soon, it will be easy to prove the illegal source of the founds and you get nothing. If you have 25 guys working for you and they receive transfers and deposits of less amount frequently, from let's say 150 different accounts belonging to account holders with no criminal record. It is harder to be noticed and you could say they are legal activities (15000 a month received from entrepreneurs or 2500 from a housewife is not too much). It will be harder to prove that all the transactions come from illegal money and by the time it is proven usually the money has already gone somewhere else (by using another network of mules like your friend's). I don't know the laws where you are, but this is illegal in many countries. If you enter they won't let you out of the network, and when something goes wrong you will need to explain a lot.
the spite machine thinks capitalism determines the best price for society or whatever people think society should be.  People seem to be confused, without regulatory authority, if there's an extra dollar to be made, capitalism will go for it.  The same can be said of things such as letting 1000 people die or getting tax breaks. If they're economically equivelent choices, capitalism will just flip a coin.
According to the Colorado form CY104PN, Colorado taxes income earned while working in or being a resident of the State of Colorado. Assuming you never set foot in the State of Colorado, I read it as if you will only be liable to pay taxes in the State of New York (on all of your income, of course). You can get a more reliable opinion from a Colorado-licensed CPA.
"When I look at debt I try to think of myself as a corporation.  In life, you have a series of projects that you can undertake which may yield a positive net present value (for simplicity, let's define positive net present value as a project that yields more benefit than its cost). Let's say that one of the projects that you have is to build a factory to make clothing.  The factory will cost 1 million dollars and will generate revenue of 1.5 million dollars over the next year, afterwhich it wears out. Although you have the knowledge to build this wonderful factory, you don't have a million bucks laying around, so instead, you go borrow it from the bank.  The bank charges you 10% interest on the loan, which means that at the end of the year, the project has yielded a return of 400k. This is an extremely simplified example of what you call ""good"" debt.  It is good if you are taking the debt and purchasing something with a positive value. In reality, this should be how people should approach all purchases, even if they are with cash.  Everything that you buy is an investment in yourself - even entertainment and luxury items all could be seen as an investment in your happiness and relaxation.  If more people approached their finances in this way, people would have much more money to spend, William"
Yes it does. They are required to report all of those transactions to me before they happen.  I don't live a perfect life, in fact, far from it. But I sleep pretty good at night knowing that I'm at least doing this much.
O Music Recordings has a wide variety of pro audio recording equipment which includes recording microphones, mixers, recorders, headphones, amps, accessories &amp; more. Get the guaranteed lowest prices, largest selection and free shipping on most Recording Equipment at Musician's friend. A recording is an element in O Music Recordings which can be connected to tracks on discharges. Each track should dependably be related with a solitary recording, yet a recording can be connected to any number of tracks. O Music Company many years of experience have provided us to gain contact with top levels artist.
"I can name far more non-real estate millionaires than those who are. That statistic isn't only not valid, it's not even close.  Update: The correct quote is ""90% of all Millionaires become so through owning Real Estate"" and it's attributed to Andrew Carnegie. Given that he was born in 1835, I can imagine that his statement was true at he time, but not today."
SECTION | CONTENT :--|:-- Title | Better Business Bureau 20/20 Investigation Description | Does Better Business Bureau Sell Its Grades? 20/20 Investigation Length | 0:08:43           ****   ^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&amp;subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
yup.  A related software services company anticipated this and have been migrating people to their own chat service for the last few years already by promising better features.  They have already won the battle.  I didn't want to use their service but now I am going to have to.  If I could I would put together an investor group to buy the AIM network and try to monetize it.  But I am sure trillian has already tried.  But if anyone else is down I'm down.  It can be monetized in my opinion.
You're not being over taxed, the withholding is just aggressive.  Employer's don't know your whole tax situation, all they can go on is the amount they pay you minus deductions then extrapolate that to an annual number and withhold according to your W4. You could ratchet up your W4 exemptions and this will help your current withholding.  When you do your taxes next April this will all shake out and you will likely receive a large refund.   It's also worth noting that your federal withholding, given the numbers above, is just about 19% not 27%; which does match the federal tax table if your annual income was $72,000 as your semi-monthly paycheck indicates.  That should be closer to 14% at an annual income of $36,000.  The medicare related taxes are flat amounts.  So really you're talking about an approximately 5% discrepancy on the $18,000 you'll earn during this internship; or about $900. If you feel like you're being overtaxed, welcome to paying taxes.
Car Rental From Pendle hill - Corporate Car Hire - Car Hire In Sydney  elite rental is proud to offer the best car rental from pendle hill,corporate car hire,car hire in sydney, not just by providing great prices, but also by offering additional services that provide you with added value each time you rent from Elite. Rental.
Yes I do. I think it's irresponsible to not pay back your debt. Your response was the definition of millennial entitlement and why so many of you are socialists (think it's moral to steal from someone else).  Why is it responsible to take out a huge amount of debt and cross your fingers you get a job with a degree in gender studies?  Even if they did get a good major/school - what if they didn't work hard to network or add experience?  And even if they did get a job - what if they spent it all at the bar instead of living cheap and paying off the loan?  Why do they get a break and I don't for being responsible and living cheap?
In a sole proprietorship AND an LLC, the expenses can still be deducted against the profits or losses from the operations. The IRS does not even require that a profit seeking activity be incorporated under its own entity, hence why this is also applicable in a sole proprietorship. From what you've said, there is no reason to use a more complicated and costly corporate structure at all. In comparison, a sole proprietorship and single-member LLC will be completely pass through entities to the IRS and all of their earnings go to you. With the LLC you have the option of letting the LLC's earnings remain with the entity itself, or you can just treat it as your own and pay individual income taxes on it. This has nothing to do specifically with a gambling business and is largely a red herring to your profit seeking motives. Gambling in casino games and lotteries already enjoy favorable tax treatment in some regards. Gambling in capital markets also enjoy a myriad of favorable tax laws. A business entity related to this purpose should be able to deduct costs related to this trade (and pass an audit more convincingly than not having formed an LLC and business bank account)
I'd try to (gently) point out to your husband that what he thinks he wants to do now and what he might want to do in 20 or 30 years are not necessarily the same thing. When I was 40 I was thinking that I would work until I died. Now I'm 58 and have health problems and I'm counting down the days until I can retire. Even if your husband is absolutely certain that he will not change his mind about retiring in the next 20+ years, maybe something will happen that puts things beyond his control. Like medical problems, or simply getting too old to be able to work. Is he sure that he will be able to continue to put in 40 hour weeks when he's 80? 90? 100? Just because you put money away for retirement doesn't mean that you are required to retire. If you put money away, and when the time comes you don't want to retire, great! Now you can collect the profits on your investments in addition to collecting your salary and live very well. Or have a nice nest egg to leave to your children. Putting money away for retirement gives you options. Retirement doesn't necessarily mean sitting around the house doing nothing until you waste away and die of boredom. My parents were busier after they retired then when they were working. They spent a lot of time on charity work, visiting people in the hospital, working with their church, that sort of thing. Some people start businesses. As they have retirement income coming in, they don't have to worry about the business earning enough to provide a living, so they can do something they want to do because they think it's fun or contributes to society or whatever. Etc.
I too bought a car on eBay in 2002 . I flew to Georgia from Ohio to pick it up. It was an awesome experience and the car was a great car for me I loved it ! The whole experience was perfect.  I Would never do that now!
Yes, you can blame the consumer, and that's fair. But the question is, are our labelling laws pretty good? And the answer is no, especially when conpared to comparably affluent countries. Not. At. All.   What I described is an intentionally created loophole used to mislead the consumer. It's ridiculous.
Anarchy is an absence (or nonrecognition) of all governing authority .... I certainly don't (and didn't) confuse that with capitalism.   But capitalism is control of trade and industry by private entities rather than by government - attempting to guide the economy at large to a specific outcome through government regulation is at odds with capitalism.   However, we obviously have never had a purely capitalist system, and I don't see that changing anytime soon.
"~~Not only would it be illegal, but~~ the $10k doesn't even sound like it would be a ""bonus"" of any sort for doing so. From the article:  &gt; If a restaurant opts in, it'll get a $10,000 gift from Visa (V) **to help pay for technology upgrades**, the company said.  Emphasis is mine.  ---  **Edit ::** I was curious about this, so I started doing a little reading-up on businesses not accepting cash. It turns out that it **is legal** to refuse cash, but only if there is no debt to pay. If you get your product first, then there's a debt to pay, and the business must accept cash. If the customer pays first, then there's *no* debt to pay (the customer is already paid up), so the business *does not* have to accept cash.  Link for the info: https://u.osu.edu/zagorsky.1/2016/08/05/do-businesses-have-to-accept-cash/  There are plenty of additional articles that talk about it, but I opted to link this one as it's a recent article by an economic researcher at a university. I figured that, if I'm going to link something, a primary source is probably better than a news agency reporting on it.  It's kind of interesting, really, and I wonder how it would work in a place such as a restaurant. You typically get your food first, and pay later. This creates a scenario where the customer is in debt to the restaurant, so the restaurant would theoretically have to accept cash. However, if you pay first, *then* get your food, you don't have an outstanding debt, and thus the restaurant doesn't have to accept cash.  Looking at the article again about Visa's offer, two of the types of groups it mentions are cafes and food trucks, which typically require you to pay before you get your food. This would mean that the customer isn't in debt to the service, and thus cash can be refused.  How that would work out at a restaurant is another question entirely, as the vast majority of the American restaurant-goers expect to pay *after* they eat. This may be why the article specifically mentions *small business* restaurants. A local mom'n'pop restaurant is going to have a much easier time going cashless than a national chain would (and the $10k would do more for them to update their systems than it would for the national chain). Additionally, people might be more willing to accept the different practices at a mom'n'pop restaurant than they would at a nation-wide chain.  Definitely an interesting bit of reading, and a fun bit of learning!"
“The Nobel Prize winner argues that an economy dominated by large corporations has failed the many and enriched the few.” We need to apply that thesis to the current duopoly in our political system.  Having two extreme parties, with the number of “safe” seats in the Congress and the Senate far outweighing those in swing states or districts, means that the two national political parties dictate our political discourse.  For those safe seats, the parties also essentially anoint representatives and senators, with the elections being a mere formality. Term limits would help, or at least change the current dynamic, as would barring former representatives and senators from lobbying for five years.  Finally, making Congress subject to the laws it passes would also help. But the parties will never agree to modify the current system; both parties benefit too much from it.
Maybe tell them you also have projects you're bidding in the US and to link you up with the highest volume distributors in US?  Then buy in US and import yourself? Don't tell the us distributors your plan because they wouldn't want to step on toes of other distributors.
A better idea if applicable is to borrow 50K (max allowed) to buy a house and pay interest to yourself instead of a bank. And none of that origination and closing fees lost to the lender
"Funny you mention that. I actually prefer Vons food delivery over Amazon Fresh, mostly because of selection options... Amazon Fresh is great if you want boutique food items like organic happy meats and free range ketchup, but I'm not interested in a 200 dollar grocery bill for 12 items, even if they're supposedly superhomeopathic foodstuffs.  This may change now with the purchase of Whole Foods, although I'm not going to hold my breath... There's a reason why the chain has the nickname ""Whole Paycheck"" after all."
&gt;Russia, America, Canada, China. Those are the easy ones off the top of my head.  **Russia?** Lol. Are you serious? **America?** Not a country. **China?** Nope. You been listening to Trump too much. http://fm.cnbc.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/editorialfiles/charts/2017/06/1498096935_Capture.JPG **Canada?** 1 percent import tariff? Again you must be joking. Tax subsidy is not same as protectionism.   **And Russia?** Again, are you joking? or you been drinking Putin Trump coolaid too much?   &gt;Want more examples?   More examples of what? Poor as hell countries? or countries not under protectionism.  &gt;... So you're saying they're hunting dogs and pigeons in the streets because of phones? You're saying they're desperate and starving because of phones?  How many logical fallacies are you trying with that statement. Including Trumpers favorite cognitive dissonance.  Point was they are desperate and starving cause of stupidity of government and people to think protectionism was ever good. Imagine our economic growth if phones costed ~$2K. Welcome to Argentina with their protectionism.  Argentina GDP per capita [+] 2016 12,432$  US 57,436$ 2016 GDP per capita [+]
Grocery delivery in the U.K. has been a fairly successful thing for some time and most supermarkets offer this service. I guess the short distances involved makes it easier to operate, typically groceries on offer are the same as in the store and at the same prices, you just pay for it to be delivered in a refrigerated truck. Items are usually picked in the store although some distribute from a central warehouse so perhaps either could be utilised by Amazon, either to addresses nearby a Whole Foods retail store or sell some products from a delivery hub.
"The pros and cons of investing in a closed end fund both stem from the fact that the price per share is likely to differ from the net asset value (NAV) of the underlying assets. That could work to your advantage if the fund is selling for LESS than NAV, or at a discount. Then you get the ""benefit of the bargain"" and hope to sell the shares in the future for ""par"" or even a premium (MORE than NAV). On the other hand, if you buy such a fund at a premium, you stand to have a RELATIVE loss if the value of the fund goes back to par (or a discount) compared to NAV. That's because a closed end fund has a FIXED number of shares, with the assets continually being reinvested. In essence, you are ""buying out"" an existing shareholder of the fund at a price determined by supply and demand. This differs from an OPEN end fund, in which your contribution creates NEW shares (all other things being equal). Then the fund, has to invest YOUR money (and charges you a fee for the service) on exactly a pro rata basis with other investors in the fund, meaning that you will enter and exit such a fund at ""par."" In either case, your return depends mainly on the performance of the underlying assets. But there are premium/discount issues for investing in a closed end fund."
Thanks for your reply. I had heard of utilitarian principles used to justify slavery and felt like a dick so I spent some time on Wikipedia familiarizing myself with it before replying.  Following quotes are from Wikipedia, unless stated otherwise  Link - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utilitarianism &gt; Utilitarianism is a theory in normative ethics holding that the proper course of action is the one that maximizes overall happiness.  Sounds reasonable  Seems there are two schools of thought   &gt;Act utilitarianism maintains that an action is right if it maximises utility;  &gt;rule utilitarianism maintains that an action is right if it conforms to a rule that maximises utility.  It is something that has been criticized by both Karl Marx as well as Pope John Paul II so it can't be all bad :)  &gt;Act and rule utilitarians differ in how they treat human rights themselves. Under rule utilitarianism, a human right can easily be considered a moral rule. Act utilitarians, on the other hand, do not accept human rights as moral principles in and of themselves, but that does not mean that they reject them altogether: first, most act utilitarians, as explained above, would agree that acts such as enslavement and genocide always cause great unhappiness and very little happiness; second, human rights could be considered rules of thumb so that, although torture might be acceptable under some circumstances, as a rule it is immoral; and, finally, act utilitarians often support human rights in a legal sense because utilitarians support laws that cause more good than harm.  I think the above means I would be ~~an act~~ a rule utilitarian, if I was one.  However, the page linked to something else which is what I use in my decisions, most of the time -  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decision_theory  &gt;Decision theory in economics, psychology, philosophy, mathematics, and statistics is concerned with identifying the values, uncertainties and other issues relevant in a given decision, its rationality, and the resulting optimal decision. It is closely related to the field of game theory as to interactions of agents with at least partially conflicting interests whose decisions affect each other.  However, you brought up an excellent point. If every relation is reduced to a balance sheet, the world would be a sad place indeed. I will think more deeply about the moral consequences of my thinking, especially on the topic of healthcare since obviously, I have not thought enough.  Your comment deeply appreciated.
This security looks like it will require patience for it to pay off. The 200 day moving average looks as if it will soon cross over the 20 day moving average. When that happens the security can be said to be in a bull run.  http://stockcharts.com/h-sc/ui?s=UWTI&p=D&yr=1&mn=6&dy=0&id=p10888728027 However, this is just speculation... trying to make money via 'buy low, sell high' as I have stated previously, you have about a 25% chance of buying at the low and selling at the high. Better to buy into a fund that pays dividends and reinvest those dividends. Such as: http://www.dividend.com/dividend-stocks/uncategorized/other/pgf-invesco-powershares-financial-preferred-portfolio/ http://stockcharts.com/h-sc/ui?s=PGF&p=D&yr=1&mn=6&dy=0&id=p59773821284
I'm not the guy you're responding to, but you asked a good question. There's a dearth of data, but [about 1% is the estimate.] (http://www.businessinsurance.com/article/20110814/NEWS03/308149986#)  Either way, having increased young adults on an insurance plan is a good thing. Socially, this demographic is exceptionally stinging from the Great Recession and I think the ability to give young adults health insurance (and thus the freedom to start developing a career without worrying about health coverage) outweighs the nominal additional premium costs. Fiscally, having young adults in a group plan decreases the risk profile of that plan since young adults don't incur the same expenses that a 45 or 50 year old would.
Right you **don't** ever want to use that account for your traditional 401k rollovers.  Realistically, you could *probably* still have it reclassified as a traditional IRA and roll your traditional 401ks into it, which was basically your original idea except none of the funds would be Roth; but if you see yourself ever potentially contributing to a Roth IRA going forward (which makes all the more sense if you have only traditional 401k funds in your retirement portfolio so far), there's nothing *wrong* with having both types of IRA at the same time.  But no, don't cross the streams!  :)
Apple was named after a piece of fruit Yahoo! Was named after rednecks Google is named after something nobody has ever heard of Amazon has nothing to do with a jungle   Just pick a name. It doesn't matter. If you're successful, people will know how to find you.
It's pretty simple.  - Increase banks ability to lend for...    a. mortgages    b. Small businesses  Banks have tremendous quantities of cash trapped on their balance sheets that should be deployed into the economy where it generates growth, jobs, and strengthens the middle class.   - improve infrastructure   Our infrastructure is in disrepair and improving it will generate growth and something to show for the massive debt load we've accumulated for our nation.   - repatriation holiday This capital needs to be working in our economy. - Increase taxes  The massive flood of liquidity we've seen from the FED, what we should be seeing released from banks, and then what we should see from corporations repatriating cash will need to move through the economy and and going to work. Then, taxed; reducing deficits and eventually liquidity. - raise interest rates  In that order.   Capital moves through the market at different rates and paces. I'm usually for lower taxes, but it isn't always the solution.   Lower taxes, reduced regulation, and low interest rates are all different ways of increasing liquidity, but should be increased/reduced at different parts of the economic cycle.   Dimon is right about Washington. This is bullshit.
Meh...I have run out of things that I really need. I already have a TV that works fine. I'm not buying some kind of 'Echo' spyware microphone for my home, etc. Unless they are literally giving things away, I don't see the big deal.
&gt;  We have one coal plant in Oregon and the other power comes from renewable sources such as water and air.   [On a per population basis, we actually have you beat in terms of coal power generation.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_power_stations_in_California)  In fact, the one coal station Oregon has has almost twice the MW output as all seven of California's *combined*
If corporations are really people, then they should get the death penalty. Fuck everything about this company. Their negligence caused a data breach that compromised the financial security of our entire country. That's treason in my book. We are going to feel the effects of this for years to come so they better go down for this.
You're charging service fees as a conduit entity for these tickets. While the service fee is not a fixed rate, but a percentage, you would need to record each purchase at dollar amount. To illustrate, it would look like:   Now, to your question:  How do I report this on my taxes? You would first start out by filing your Schedule C from the eyes of the business (the money you earn at your job, and the money you earn as a business are different). Just keep a general journal with the above entry for each sale and close them down to a simple balance sheet and income statement and you should be fine. Of course, read the instructions for your Schedule C before you begin.  As always, good luck.
"(I'm expanding on what @BrenBarn had added to his answer.) The assumption of ""same tax bracket in retirement"" is convenient, but simplistic. If you are in, for instance, the second-lowest bracket now, and happen to remain in the second-lowest bracket for retirement, then Roth and traditional account options may seem equal — and your math backs that up, on the surface — but that's making an implicit assumption that tax rates will be constant. Yet, tax brackets and rates can change. And they do. The proof. i.e. Your ""15% bracket"" could become, say, the ""17% bracket"" (or, perhaps, the ""13% bracket"") All the while you might remain in the second-lowest bracket. So, given the potential for fluctuating tax rates, it's easy to see that there can be a case where a traditional tax-deferred account can yield more after-tax income than a Roth post-tax account, even if you remain in the same bracket: When your tax bracket's tax rate declines. So, don't just consider what bracket you expect to be in. Consider also whether you expect tax rates to go up, down, or remain the same. For twenty-something young folk, retirement is a long way away (~40 years) and I think in that time frame it is far more likely that the tax brackets won't have the same underlying tax rates that they have now. Of course, we can't know for sure which direction tax rates will head in, but an educated guess can help. Is your government deep in debt, or flush with extra cash? On the other hand, if you don't feel comfortable making predictions, much better than simply assuming ""brackets and rates will stay the same as now, so it doesn't matter"" is to instead hedge your bets: save some of your retirement money in a Roth-style account, and some in a traditional pre-tax account. Consider it tax diversification. See also my answer at this older but related question:"
In fairness, questions from Monday also have a much greater window to be answered.  I agree with the fuckboy, but to be quite honest I also think the regular users are pretty good at surveying for new comments and answering, so it probably wouldn't make much difference.
Actually, lab grown meat will be cheaper and more plentiful.  To have a cow pregnant, birth, raising the calf, feeding it, cleaning it, butchering it, etc is MUCH MORE COSTLY than meat grown continuously in a clean lab with no disease, butchering, feeding, etc.  Actually cows, sheep and goat are a HUUUUGGGGE factor in global warming.
Realization is, literally, when something is made real. For example, let's say that you own some stock.  You bought the stock for $1000, and after many years the stock is worth $10,000.  Your investment has gained $9,000.  However, you don't actually have this $10,000; you just own stock that is supposedly worth $10,000 on paper.  Tomorrow, the value of the stock could plummet and only be worth $8,000.  But if you sell your stock today and obtain this $10,000, the gain has now become real.  You have realized a $9,000 gain. In investing, realization of a gain or loss occurs when an asset that you own has been sold for more or less than what you purchased it for.  Before the asset is sold, you only have a theoretical gain or loss based on what you might receive if you sold the asset today.  And tomorrow, that theoretical gain or loss could change.
Looking for trusted SEO Consultant in Florida? Christian Ventures is best seo company in Florida provide delivering the highest impact SEO and corporate branding strategies to our clients with a proven record for Increasing Sales. For more information call us on (727) 906 2943.
Thanks again for this enlighting reply.  It really opened my mind to read about this FTP'ing thing, I wonder if some    factories forceclosure, quite a lot lately in France,  weren't directly tied to this kind of boggus bad results from this kind of financial scheme...
My one beef with this article is that the author seems quite sympathetic to the company, and does little to acknowledge the actual harm done to the plaintiff (apart from the factual description of his claim). Nonetheless,  I thought this was worth sharing, and I'll highlight this part from near the bottom:  &gt; Although the Minnesota statute at issue in Vaidyanathan is unique, other similar causes of action, such as common law fraud and negligent representation, are available throughout the country, meaning that any employee or applicant can bring a lawsuit against an employer claiming that the employer made misrepresentations about the material terms or conditions of employment and/or fraudulently induced the individual to accept the position.
Thank you hyper333active for voting on autotldr.    This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).     ***    ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
This More or Less podcast has a fantastic section on executive pay in the US and UK. With some economists whose research determined that there is basically no relation between remuneration and performance.  In Germany, Switzerland etc where there are different rules and factors there is less overall executive pay and it is far more tied to performance.   http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/radio4/moreorless/moreorless_20120511-1640a.mp3
From The Prospectus for VTIVX;  as compared to the Total Stock Market Fund;  You can see how the Target date fund is a 'pass through' type of expense. It's not an adder. That's how I read this.
"I recommend a Roth IRA. At your age you could turn 25K into a million and never pay taxes on these earnings. Of course there are yearly limits (5.5k) on the amount your can contribute to a Roth IRA account. If you haven't filed your taxes this year yet ... you can contribute 5.5K for last year and 5.5K for this year.  Open two accounts at a discount brokerage firm. Trades should be about $10 or less per. Account one ... Roth IRA. Account two a brokerage account  for the excess funds that can't be placed in the Roth IRA. Each year it will be easy transfer money into the Roth from this account. Be aware that you can't transfer stocks from brokerage acct to Roth IRA ... only cash. You can sell some stocks in brokerage and turn that into cash to transfer. This means settling up with the IRS on any gains/losses on that sale. Given your situation you'd likely have new cash to bring to table for the Roth IRA anyway. Invest in stocks and hold them for the long term. Do a google search for ""motley fool stock advisor"" and join. This is a premium service that picks two stocks to invest in each month. Invest small amounts (say $750) in each stock that they say you should buy. They will also tell you when to sell. They also give insights into why they selected the stock and why they are selling (aka learning experience).  They pick quality companies. So if the economy is down you will still own a quality company that will make it through the storm. Avoid the temptation to load up on one stock. Follow the small amount rule mentioned above per stock. Good luck, and get in the market."
That's one kind of tune. A more common one are in cars with different driving modes. Such as sport, sport+, rain, off road etc.    These modes adjust air fuel, retard timing, adjust throttle response, along with transmission shift points and sensitivity. All controlled with a button inside the car.
"You say ""minimum wage was never meant to be enough to live off from[sic]"".  I link a quote from the guy who started minimum wage, and you change the topic.  Nice deflection, but you're still wrong.  We're not arguing if it works or not, you started off arguing intention."
As far as Driving Schools in Roxburgh Park are concerned, we at HOGGS Driving School are one of the best out there, not to mention the fact that we have a very large list of varied services in store for you. Do give us a call at the very earliest.                    Address: 112 Royal Terrace, Craigieburn, Victoria 3064,   Ph.no: 0416 243 024
In month 9 you still owe $7,954.25. You need to pay that, plus the $250. At that line, you haven't made the payment, the rest of the line with next month's payment due. So you haven't paid the $242.47 in col 4.
AAA Tour Costa Rica is a premier travel and tour organizer in Costa Rica providing an amazing, affordable and adventurous tour packages. We are a registered and licensed travel business in Costa Rica and our vacation tour includes visits to stunning locations like the gorgeous beaches on Pacific and the Caribbean coasts, rain forest and cloud forest, relax in natural hot springs, adventure tour like Zip lines or canopy tour, rafting, rappelling, horseback riding, or do a fun tour on ATVs by Arenal volcano or through palm plantations near Manuel Antonio, and horseback riding.  http://tucando.com/Costa+Rica/Alajuela/San+Carlos/AAA+Tours
Dan - there are other choices. What rate do you have on this mortgage? And what is the value of the home? With a bit of patience and effort, you may be able to lower your rate and save some portion of that $100k you think you can grab.  There is no factual answer here. The negative will show for 7 years, and only you can determine whether that's worth it. If in that time the value comes back you may very well be in a worse position, looking to buy a new home that's now well above where it is today. It's possible the current prices are overshooting on the downside, if unemployment drops and consumer confidence returns, you may be back to break-even sooner than you think. As an aside, I find it curious that the Trumps of this world can manipulate the system, creating multiple entities, filing for bankruptcy, yet protecting his own assets, and his wealth is applauded. Yet, asking the question here so many attack you, verbally. The Donald has saved himself billions through his dealings, I don't judge you for asking this question when it comes to $100k. When Trump's net worth was negative, he should have had his property taken away, and been handed a broom.
Are you looking buyers for cash to sell your property? If the answer is affirmative, then it is a good option to seek house buyers in Florida. If you choose GHarveyBuysHouses, then it's a promise that We Buy Any House with successful buying transactions and these transactions are best handled by the full support team.
While your stat about the income brackets is correct, the results in those upper brackets was a win by 2%.  Where you go off the rails is in regard to education.  It's Trump who won the uneducated vote and Hillary that won the educated vote.  It has been a problem with the news media to conflate education and wage ... but you seem to be doing it too.  The results are:  http://www.businessinsider.com/exit-polls-who-voted-for-trump-clinton-2016-11/#by-income-clinton-led-only-among-voters-with-a-2015-family-income-under-50000-a-group-that-included-36-of-the-voters-in-the-exit-polls-4
All the guidelines in the world won't help after the fact. We've just fielded a similar question, How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford? The reality is this - the numbers are all based on averages, and on what banks have determined safe ratios to be. Those ratios don't know if you are single or a couple with no children, or have 4 kids. They don't know if you like to take 2 exotic vacations a year, or stay home and build furniture for the grandkids.  To get to the point - Once you're in the house and are paying the mortgage, only you know how your budget is doing. If you love the house and don't mind paying XX% of income to live in that house/location, then it can be right for you.
You say that like there is something special that binds workers together. The fact that we all work isn't an obligation to support other people who work, especially when they are arguing without a leg to stand on. It's every man for himself in this world, or at least working towards common goals with people who have more in common than the fact that they are also labor.
The definition of a whitepaper varies heavily from industry to industry, which can be a little confusing for marketers looking to create one for their business. The old school definition comes from politics, where it means a legislative document explaining and supporting a particular political solution.  In tech, a whitepaper usually describes a theory behind a new piece of technology. Even in the business world, there are a variety of definitions -- some more product-centric than others.  A whitepaper is a persuasive, authoritative, in-depth report on a specific topic that presents a problem and provides a solution.  In information technology, a white paper is often a paper written by a lead product designer to explain the philosophy and operation of a product in a marketplace or technology context.  Here is [White paper explained in detail](https://whatis.ciowhitepapersreview.com/definition/Whitepaper/) . I recommend to create account for ciowhitepapersreview.com, they will not send any promotional emails instead you can log in and download as many white papers as you want. Tradepub is also a good option to read latest white papers though it taks a lot of time to download from their website.
"n1. go to tradeworx.com and you can read some papers.  2. Revenues of hft have gone down substantially. About 15 years ago the total market was around 7 billion, it has dropped to 1 billion this year.  3. ""no goods or valuable services are produced.- That is false. hft provides liquidity and low spreads. There is a reason why you can buy or sell a share of a stock and the spread is 1 penny. One of the main reasons to go public is to have the secondary market liquid.   There is a reason you can instantly sell or buy a stock... Do you realize you used to have to actually call your broker and he had to negotiate an order on the floor? hft makes the markets more efficient. The average person can sign up an online acct and trade/invest for basically nothing. Why do you think that is?  finally who are you to say how I can or can not allocate my money. If I develop my own strategy that trades every second why can't I?"
It's the percent of your gross income put into savings. You make 60000/year, and save 6000, that's 10%.  You can certainly say that you paid 10000 in tax so you really saved 6000/50000, or 12%, if that will make you feel better, but the saving rate is typically based on gross income.
As others have said getting on a written budget before each month starts is the most important part. Also, I'm a big fan of cash budgets as well. They aren't for everyone and they take a little getting used to, but once you get used to them you'll never want to go back.  In a cash budget you take whatever you have budgeted for the month for each category and withdraw the amount needed from the bank. These go into an envelope for each category, i.e. food, clothes, entertainment, etc. If a 3 weeks into the month you run out of money in that envelope you are done spending money in that category. For example, if it's the food envelope and you run out it's time for you to start eating leftovers and whatever you've got in the pantry. You lose out on advantages like points gained on credit cards and whatnot but statistically people that spend cash spend much less overall and you get some enforced self control that you otherwise might not have.
"#####&amp;#009;  ######&amp;#009;  ####&amp;#009;  [**Starve the beast**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starve%20the%20beast): [](#sfw)   ---  &gt;  &gt;""__Starving the beast__"" is a political strategy employed by [American conservatives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_conservatism) in order to limit [government spending](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government_spending)    by [cutting taxes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_cut) in order to deprive the government of revenue in a deliberate effort to force the federal government to reduce spending.  &gt;The term ""the beast"" in this context refers to [the United States Federal Government](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.S._government) and the programs it funds, using mainly American tax payer dollars, particularly social programs  such as [education](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_education_in_the_United_States), [welfare](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Welfare_(financial_aid\)), [Social Security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Security_(United_States\)), [Medicare](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicare_(United_States\)), and [Medicaid](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicaid).   &gt;On July 14, 1978, economist [Alan Greenspan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Greenspan) gave testimony to the U.S. Finance Committee: ""Let us remember that the basic purpose of any tax cut program in today's environment is to reduce the momentum of expenditure growth by restraining the amount of revenue available and trust that there is a political limit to [deficit spending](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deficit_spending).""   &gt;====  &gt;[**Image**](https://i.imgur.com/9Mngpro.jpg) [^(i)](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ronald_Reagan_televised_address_from_the_Oval_Office,_outlining_plan_for_Tax_Reduction_Legislation_July_1981.jpg) - *Ronald Reagan gives a televised address from the Oval Office, outlining his plan for tax reductions in July 1981*  ---  ^Interesting: [^Lee ^Atwater](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Atwater) ^| [^Tax ^cut](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_cut) ^| [^Grover ^Norquist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grover_Norquist) ^| [^History ^of ^the ^United ^States ^public ^debt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_United_States_public_debt)   ^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&amp;message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+cjk42oq) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&amp;message=%2Bdelete+cjk42oq)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)"
"Asking why the p/e was so high is best answered ""because reported earnings were so low"". Recall that the S&P500 bottomed in early March 2009 when the panic of the financial crisis reached exhaustion.  As noted on the page you have linked, the reported p/e ratios are computed using reported earnings from the trailing twelve months.  During those twelve months the banks were writing down all of the bad debt associated with the mortgage backed securities that has lost so much value.  This meant that the banks were reporting negative earnings.  Since the financial sector is a large part of the S&P500, this alone had an enormous effect on the index p/e.  However, the problem was compounded by a general collapse in earnings across the economy as consumers reacted to the resulting uncertainty.  The same site reports earnings for the previous years at $17.11 for the S&P500, compared to $76.17 for the year prior to 2008.  That is a collapse of about 78% in earnings.  Although the S&P500 has suffered badly during this time, stock market investors being forward looking were starting to price in improved earnings by May 2009.  Indeed, the S&P500 was up about 33% in just two months, from its low in March2009 to mid May2009.  Thus, by May of 2009 prices were not suffering to the same extent as reported trailing earnings.  This would account for the anomalous p/e value reporting in May2009."
Every 401(k) has managers to make the stock choices.  They all have different rates.   You want to see that fidelity or Vangard is handling your 401(k).(and I am sure others)   If you have a mega bank managing your funds or an insurance company odds are you are paying way to high management fees. So find out, the management fees should be available should be less than 1%.  They can get as high as 2%...Ouch
"It's not a cure, Hollywood is a cancer on artists.  They want to control all art because sometimes, artists have something important to say and that can bring about scary change.  Change is hard to control.  and it's not ""pirating,"" it's a solution to an efficient distribution method. I haven't payed for a movie, theater tickets, DVD, etc in years.  When I buy books, I buy them from small publishers.  Sure, I can't shoot the shit with my co-workers about the latest [Batman propaganda](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq0GRCkegDM), spinning our wars as some kind of epic justice, but that's a small price to pay to have a lot more money in my pocket at the end of the year."
What perpetrators, the neckbeards on reddit?  They don't need to - if transacting in it were declared illegal, it would become useless.  It only has utility if it can be used to buy things or exchanged for real money.  It may retain some niche value, like gold coins in WoW, or in failed 3rd world countries, but real corporations and banks in the developed world would be out.
Does it make sense to calculate the IRR based on the outstanding value of the project, or just use the cash flows paid out? Let's assume I invest x amount every year for 49 years, and the investment grows at a constant rate, but I do not get dividends before (which will be constant) 50 years later. I assume that the value of the investment will decline as it pays dividend, and will be worth 0 when the dividends stop.   Do I calculate the IRR as the negative streams of outflows for the first 49 years and then positive cash inflows from 50 year in the future? If I apply this method, the IRR will be very low, almost equal to the annual expected return.  Or based on the current value of the project for each year combined with cash outflows for the first 49 years and dividends from year 50? If I apply this method, the IRR will be a lot higher than the first method.
Bloomberg is very popular, especially for researching individual companies. Market QA and Factset are popular for analyzing data. Microsoft Excel and Matlab are very common for analyzing the data.  Lots of time traders will take data from Bloomberg, Market QA, Factset or where ever, and then actually preform their analytics in Excel or Matlab. A lot of the brokers provide their own software to traders using their platform, and that software can also contain different tools to help the traders as well.
Here is a simple way to analyze the situation. Go to your bank or credit union website and use their loan calculator with their current real interest rates and down payment requirements. Enter the rate, and number of years. Enter different values for the loan amount to get the monthly payment to the level you want ($400). Today for my credit union, the max loan would be about $9,500. Keep in mind there may be taxes, registration fees, and down payment on top of this. Jump ahead two years. The loan is paid off, the car is owned free and clear. You will be able to sell it and get some money in your pocket.  If you go for a longer term loan to keep the payments under your goal the issue is that in two years you might be upside down on the loan. The car may be worth less than the remaining balance on the loan. Your equity would be negative.
&gt;how could they possibly do that from a meaningful methodological point of view?  By years of experience, training, and hard work.  &gt; Do you really think that have any real practical understanding of the situation,   Economically, yes  &gt; would that make any difference at all to the travesty that is going on in Washington at the moment?  I doubt it. Thats not what I'm arguing.
The eligibilty of the deduction is based on what the borrowed money is used to purchase and NOT what asset is used as collateral.  So at the beginning of your mortgage, 10% of the interest is deductible because the entire loan was used to purchase the condo.  But when you withdraw money from the account the additional interest is usually not deductible.  It can get confusing with all the withdrawals and payments that will be coming in and out of the account if you happen to use it a lot like a chequing account. An easy example would be if you only paid the interest on the loan...  Say you had a $100 000 loan at 5% APY (for simplicity's sake).  After one year, you would have paid $5000 interest.  $500 of the would be deductible given that your office is 10% of the condo.  Then you buy a $1000 couch and continue to only pay interest for the next year.  You would have paid $5100 interest...  $5000 on money borrowed to buy the condo, and $100 on money borrowed to buy the couch.  So you can still only deduct $500. What happens when you pay back $500 against the line of credit?  Could you designate that 100% of the money should be applied to the non-deductible interest?  Or does it have to applied proportionally?  I don't know. I think it'd would be wise to separate the loans somehow.  Manulife may even have some tools to facilitate that.  However, I wouldn't recommend the Manulife One product.  I looked into when I was buying my house two years ago, and at that time it was too expensive.  The rate was the same that other banks were charging for a home equity line of credit (which was prime at the time).  You can replicate the Manulife One in a cheaper way using a traditional mortgage and a home equity line of credit...  The majority of the loan will be the traditional mortgage at (hopefully) a cheap rate.  Then you can use your line of credit as the chequing account.
Industrial grade batteries, which is what you would need for this, are not cheap. Your typical household batteries are super cheap, but not electric car batteries.   Also I was speaking more from the substation point of view for the purchasing of the batteries, not the consumers. I could see having to maybe pay a membership fee to that type of station to get access though. Somehow have a way to sign some kind of forms for insurance of return of the batteries.
Lol okay.  Come back in three years and tell me about he fortune you've made via bitcoin.  Here's what you shouldn't think about in the meantime:  your failures with women, your inadequacy with money, the simple, shallow, life you spend warming up hotpockets while people around you make lives and careers.
If that was a traditional ICE car they would have been raked over the coals for that many failures in one year. I don't care how pleasant the experience is, I would lemon law the shit out of something that had to go back to the dealer so many times.
You’re missing the point it’s also an investment. People buy them and never sell them. People also lose them. Reducing supply. The fbi seizes them. Pretty sure the ceo of overstock said they will long term hold. If it’s true they turned thousands into hundreds of millions.
"It's impossibly difficult to time the market. Generally speaking, you should buy low and sell high. Picking 25% as an arbitrary ceiling on your gains seems incorrect to me because sometimes you'll want to hold a stock for longer or sell it sooner, and those decisions should be based on your research (or if you need the money), not an arbitrary number. To answer your questions: If the reasons you still bought a stock in the first place are still valid, then you should hold and/or buy more. If something has changed and you can't find a reason to buy more, then consider selling. Keep in mind you'll pay capital gains taxes on anything you sell that is not in a tax-deferred (e.g. retirement) account. No, it does not make sense to do a wash sale where you sell and buy the same stock. Capital gains taxes are one reason. I'm not sure why you would ever want to do this -- what reasons were you considering? You can always sell just some of the shares. See above (and link) regarding wash sales. Buying more of a stock you already own is called ""dollar cost averaging"". It's an effective method when the reasons are right. DCA minimizes variance due to buying or selling a large amount of shares at an arbitrary single-day price and instead spreads the cost or sale basis out over time. All that said, there's nothing wrong with locking in a gain by selling all or some shares of a winner. Buy low, sell high!"
"Long-term capital gains, which is often the main element of investment income for investors who are not high-frequency day traders, are taxed at a single rate that is often substantially below the marginal rate they would otherwise be taxed at, particularly for wealthy individuals. There are a few rationales behind this treatment; the two most common are that the government wants to encourage long-term investments (as opposed to short-term speculation), and that capital gains are a kind of double taxation (from one point of view) as they are coming from income that has already been taxed once before (as wage or ordinary income).  The latter in particular is highly controversial, but this is one of the more divisive political issues in the taxation front - one party would eliminate the tax entirely, the other would eliminate the difference. For most individuals, the majority of their long-term capital gains are taxed at 15% up to almost half of a million dollars total AGI, which is a fairly low rate - it's equivalent to the rate a taxpayer would pay on up to $37,000 in wage income (after deductions/exemptions/etc.).  You can see from this table in Wikipedia that it is much preferred to pay long-term capital gains rates when possible - at every point it's at least 10% lower than the tax rate for ordinary income. Ordinary income includes wages and many other sources of income - basically, anything that is not long term capital gains. Wage income is taxed at this rate, and also subject to some non-income-tax taxes (FICA and Medicare in particular); other sources of ordinary income are not subject to those taxes (including IRA income).  Short term capital gains are generally included in this bucket. Qualified Dividends are treated similarly to long-term capital gains (as they are of a similar nature), and taxed accordingly. The ""Net Investment Tax"" is basically applying the Medicare tax to investment income for higher-income taxpayers ($125k single, $250k joint).  It's on top of capital gains rates for them.  It came about through the Affordable Care Act, and is one of the first provisions likely to be repealed by the new Congress (as it can be repealed through the budgeting provision).  It seems likely that 2017 taxes will not contain this provision."
Get a job, get a car, get a better job, save more money, invest that money in a high yield savings account, keep adding to that account until you turn 18. Start buying in bulk from China and reselling on eBay or Amazon for a 200-500% mark up, put that money in savings, ????,  Profit.  You can easily make 7-10 grand a year while still going to school, just save it all. Don't spend a dime unless you absolutely have to.
I got an idea, lets keep doing this every 50 years or so. Fuck remembering that a living wage is key to the economy, we can just keep booming and busting BECAUSE ITS SO MUCH FUCKING FUN.  Write a cocksucking social contract and stick to it fucking fucking idiots.
This could get them into cities where they can't operate as a taxi service. And if they can operate in a city making deliveries, they can point out that their cars are already on the road and not causing danger like opponents claim. They will also then have workers in those cities who can show up to city council meetings.
"Im not sure, but let me try. ""That person"" won't affect the value of currency, after two (or three) years (maybe months), agencies will report anomalies in country. Will be start the end of market.  God bless FBI and NSA for prevent this.  Actually, good ""hypothetical"" question."
The only time when you need to pay taxes on an existing pension is when the pension pays out after you retire, or if you get a lump sum out of the pension, around the time when you retire. The growth in value of your pension fund is not income.
"Read ""the everything store"". Pretty good insight into Bezos and Amazon. It gives plenty of examples of how they've messed up shipping in the past. From a single jigglypuff doll holding up shipments, to items falling off conveyors and just laying there for weeks."
So what about the person who wins the lottery, was he or she not lucky?   Luck 100% exists. Maybe some people are able to better manage the amount that luck impacts their life, but no matter what luck plays a huge factor. You could one day be walking down the street and get hit by a drunk driver or you could have been born with a mental disorder - since most things are out of your control the result is that there are countless other events which could have occurred and would have stopped you from being where you are.   Does this mean you don't deserve credit for taking advantage of your lucky situation? Obviously not, you did take advantage, and you do deserve credit, but to think you are in control of every possible outcome is ridiculous.
Your website needs to be technically geared towards SEO best practices. If you are not on the first page of search engine results, then you are losing ground to your competitors. We get you there. We help you do that before you invest in any marketing activities. SEO In Utah boost your ranking figure and the profits you make will cover your initial costs. Feel free to visit us at: http://sitesbysara.com
"When I looked at the historical numbers it looks like nothing special happened since 1970.  Visitors and gambling revenue have had what looks like a relatively stable annual percentage increase.  Maybe the ""feel"" or culture change in 1989 but I don't see that in the numbers.  I would say the 90s were good to any tourist destination in the us and the 2000 not so good.  Vegas appears to be no different."
When you withdraw money from an RRSP account, it is added to your current year's taxable income. It does not matter what year the money was previously deposited in. If you deposited money into an RRSP this year and withdrew the same amount of money, then the net effect is that you have $5000 RRSP contribution and $5000 extra income, and the two effects should cancel out. The only remaining effect is that you wasted $5000 of contribution room which can never be regained. The exception to this rule is that after 90 days, you can withdraw funds from an RRSP for the HBP and LLP without adding to your taxable income.
"The bill proposed to ""Under existing law, employers may take tax deductions for the costs associated with moving jobs out of the country. The proposed legislation would have eliminated that, and used the resulting new revenue to fund a 20 percent tax credit for the costs companies run up ""insourcing"" labor back into the U.S."" From http://abcnews.go.com/m/blogEntry?id=16816660 as found by beermethestrength. I will explain this in an example below.   Lets use allen edmonds. I manufacture shoes and sell them in the US. The facts we will assume is Revenue or sales is $100. Manufacturing cost is $50. Tax rate is 10%. Therefore, Profit before tax is $100 -$50 = $50. Tax is $5. Net profit is $45.  However, suppose offshoring to Canada saves money. They say please and thank you at every opportunity and the positive work environment allows them to work faster. Correspondingly to make the same number of shoes our costs has decreased because we pay less for labour. The manufacturing cost decreases to $30. However, we incur costs to move such as severance payments to layoff contracted employees. (I promise to hire you and pay $1 a year for 2 years. I fire you at the end of the first year. To be fair, I pay you $1) However, it can be any legitimate expense under the sun. In this case we suppose this moving cost is $10. Revenue or sales is $100. Manufacturing cost is $30. Moving cost is $10. Tax rate is 10%. Profit before tax is $100 -$40 = $60. Tax is $6. Net profit is $54. Yay more jobs for Canadians.   However, the legislation would have changed this. It would have denied that moving expense if you were moving out of the country. Therefore, we cannot consider $10 worth of expenses for tax purposes. Therefore Revenue or sales is $100. Manufacturing cost is $30. Tax rate is 10%. Profit before tax for tax purposes is $100 - $30 = $70. Tax is $7. Net profit for tax purposes is $63. However, my accounting/net/real profit is $53. I must deduct the $10 associated with moving. The difference between the two scenarios is $1. In general our net profit changes by our moving cost * our tax rate.  There is no tax break associated with moving. In Canadian tax, any business expense in general can be deducted as long as it is legitimate and not specifically denied. I am uncertain but would assume US tax law is similar enough. Moving expenses in general are legitimate and not specifically denied and therefore can be deducted.  Offshoring and onshoring are seen as legitimate business activities as in general companies do things to increase profit. (forget about patriotism for the moment).  The bill was to make offshoring more expensive and therefore fewer companies would find offshoring profitable. However, republicans defeated this bill in congress. Most likely the house  For completeness let us examine what would happen when we onshore (bring jobs from canada to us :( ). In our example, silly unions demand unrealistically high wages and increase our cost of manufacturing to $50 again. We decide to move back to the US because if it is the same everywhere for the sake of silly national pride we move our jobs back to the US. We incur the same moving cost of $10. Therefore we have Revenue or sales is $100. Manufacturing cost is $50. Moving cost of $10. Tax rate is 10%. Profit before tax for tax purposes is $100 - $60 = $40. Tax is $4. However, we are given a 20% tax credit for moving expense. $10 * .2 = 2. The government only assess us tax of 2. Net profit is $38. Tax credits are a one time deal so profit in the future will be $100 -$50 - $5 = $45. Same as the first example.  insourcing = onshoring , outsourcing = offshoring for the purposes of this article. Not quite the same in real life."
Assuming you are asking about a credit score in the United States, the following applies. To find out your FICO score, navigate to AnnualCreditReport, the official site to help consumers receive their credit report from each of the three organizations providing these scores - Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion.  You are - in many states - entitled to a free copy of your credit report from each of these organizations annually.   This copy of your credit report will not contain your credit score from that organization.  It will, however, contain information that goes into your credit score - the lines of credits on file, any delinquencies reported, etc. If you decide you would like to pay for your credit score from each bureau, you will have the option to receive this information while getting your credit report, but you will have to pay a nominal fee for it.  Remember that each of the 3 bureaus gives you a different score.  Averaging your 3 scores should give you a good idea of your FICO score.  Note that your report is far more important than your score - once you know that, you know if you're in a good place or not. These other questions are so close that they might even be considered duplicates, and provide other suggestions for how to check your score. As a warning, don't trust the many ads out there saying you can get your score for free.  Only AnnualCreditReport is considered a safe place for entering the very personal information required to get a score.  The FTC backs this up.
Well I guess its time to admit, that Nuclear weapons work, had it not have been for North Korean Capability to strike back with massive destruction, that Idiot in the White house would certainly have attacked and struck North Korean Targets.  There fore it seems the path to Peace in the Middle east and the world is nuclear weapons and everybody being extra rational and polite and reasonable and saving the shit talk for the locker room.  Chop chop people . .times a wasting
Deposit it into your Brazilian bank account. They'll charge you collection fee (shouldn't be high, its a cashier's check equivalent), and the currency exchange rate may not be the best ever, but that's the price to pay for the service. Another option would be to cash the check at check cashing places, but that would most likely require you being in the US (I don't know if any check-cashing store in Brazil would cash a US check).
"Go on a website that has real estate listings.  Find similar homes in the same neighborhood and list out the prices.  Once you have prices, pick out two with different prices and call the realtor of the more expensive listing.  Tell that realtor about the other listing and ask why their listing is more expensive.  Compare their answer to the home that you are considering buying.   For example, they may say that their house has a newly remodeled kitchen.  Does the house you are considering have a newly remodeled kitchen?  If so, then use the higher priced listing and throw out the cheaper one.  If not, use the cheap listing and throw out the expensive one.   Or they might say that the expensive house is in a better location than the cheaper house.  Further away from traffic.  Easier to get to the highway or public transportation.  If so, ask how the location compares to the house you are actually considering.  The realtor will tell you if the listings are comparable.   When I talk about ""similar homes,"" I mean homes that are similar in square footage, number of bedrooms, and number of bathrooms.  Generally real estate sites will allow you to search by all of these as well as location.   After all this, the potential seller may still turn you down.  If he really wanted to sell, he'd have suggested a price.  He may just be seeing if you're willing to overpay.  If so, he could turn down an otherwise reasonable offer.  How much he is willing to take is up to him.   Note that this would all be easier if you just bought a house the normal way.  Then the realtors would do the comparables portion of the work.  You might be able to find a realtor or appraiser who would do the work for a set fee.  Perhaps your bank would help you with that, as they have to appraise the property to offer a mortgage.   You asked if you can buy out a mortgaged house with a mortgage.  Yes, you can.  That's a pretty normal occurrence.  Normally the realtors would make all the necessary arrangements.  I'm guessing that a title transfer company could handle that."
For stocks, I would not see these as profiting at the expense of another individual.  When you purchase/trade stocks, you are exchanging items of equal market value at the time of the trade. Both parties are getting a fair exchange when the transaction happens. If you buy a house, the seller has not profited at your expense. You have exchanged goods at market prices. If your house plummets in value and you lose $100k, it is not the sellers fault that you made the decision to purchase. The price was fair when you exchanged the goods. Future prices are speculative, so both parties must perform due diligence to make sure the exchange aligns with their interests.  Obviously, this is barring any sort of dishonesty or insider information on the part of either buyer or seller.
As a web designer and developer, I would like to add an addendum that a quality web site usually *starts* around $1500. We're a little more pricey, but we run about $2500 for the standard Home, About, Services, Testimonials, Photo Gallery, Contact setup.  Everything else is dead on. Great write up. I would add that getting yourself involved in a local chamber of commerce is something that we did, and were successful with. The chamber is now working with us on some of their new design projects.
"The essence of hedging is to find an investment that performs well under the conditions that you're concerned about. If you're concerned about China stock dropping, then find something that goes up in value if that asset class goes down.  Maybe put options on a Chinese index fund, or selling short one of those funds? Or, if you're already ""in the money"" on your Chinese stock position, set a stop loss: instruct your broker to sell if that stock hits X or lower.  That way you keep some gains or limit your losses.  That involves liquidating your position, but if you've had a nice run-up, it may be time to consider selling if you feel that the prospects are dimming."
The obvious risk is that you might buy at a time when the market is particularly high.  Of course, you won't know that is the case until afterwards. A common way to reduce that risk is dollar cost averaging, where you buy gradually over a period of time.
As I mentioned in my comment, mint.com might work for you.  The downsides are giving them access to all your accounts, and still having to manually enter transactions that are done in cash.  If you are ok with those however, it can automate almost everything else for you.
So you want to buy a car but have no money saved up.... That's going to be hard!! I'd suggest you get a part-time job, save up and buy a used car. Even with the minimum wage pay in the U.S., if you are in the U.S., you could save up and buy a car in less than a month. This route would be the quickest way for you to get a car but it would also teach you the responsibility of having one since it appears you have never owned a car before.  Now the car will most definitely not be fancy or look like the cars that your peer's parents bought but at least it will get you from point A to point B.  I'd look on Craigslist or your local neighborhood for cars that have not moved in a while or have for sale signs. Bring a mechanically inclined friend with you and contact the owner and explain them your situation. There are nice people out there that would give you deep discounts based on the fact that you are a student trying to get by. Now you have to get registration and insurance. There are many insurance companies that give discounts to students as well who have good GPAs and driving records. If you happen to get a car for a good deal, take good car of it. Once you graduate and further your career, you can resell it for a profit.  I also would not suggest you get any loans for a car given your situation.
You'd be moving from 33.5K of taxable income + 16.5K of untaxable income, to 65K of taxable income (worst case). So the question is whether the net from the extra 31.5K of taxable income is more than the 16.5K, and since marginal tax rates in the relevant brackets are no more than 32% according to the table you posted (22% federal and 10% provincial), it's definitely a win to move jobs. More precisely, the marginal tax rate is 25% on the first 8044 (41544-33500) and 32% on the rest, making for total extra tax of about 9.5K and thus net income (beyond the 33.5K baseline) of 22K. Compared to the 16.5K this leaves you 5.5K up. If you end up at the 70K end, you're another 3.4K up beyond that.
You find a broker who handles futures accounts. Search on the word Forex and you'll find a number of companies happy to take your money. I trust you understand how futures work, the contract values, margin requirements, etc? You just don't have an account yet, right?
Keep in mind that credit takes time to build.   Your best short-term solution is to save enough cash to put enough of a down-payment that the lower loan-to-value ratio outweighs the lack of credit history.  If there's enough equity to ensure that the bank will get their money back if they have to foreclose, you will have a better chance of securing financing. In addition, the stability and consistency of your employment may also be a factor that makes it difficult for you to get a loan without a substantial down-payment. Finally, don't ignore the risk present in resting a property that you have a loan on.  Make sure you have a plan in place to pay your payments if the other half goes unrented for several months, or you risk losing the entire property. My advice is to rent somewhere else for enough time that you can save up a lot of cash to purchase a duplex rather than getting in a rush and doing something unwise (like apply for a bunch of credit cards you don't need).
If you look at a trade grid you can see how this happens. If there are enough bids to cover all shares currently on the sell side at a certain price, those shares will be bought and increased price quotes will be shown for the bids and ask. If there are enough bids to cover this price, those will get bought and higher prices will be shown and this process will repeat until the sell side has more power than the buy side. It seems like this process is going on all day long with momentum either on the upside or downside. But I think that much of this bidding and selling is automatic and is being done by large trading firms and high tech computers. I also feel that many of these bids and asks are already programmed to appear once there is a price change. So once one price gets bought, computers will put in higher bids to take over asks. It's like a virtual war between trading firms and their computers. When more money is on the buy side the stock will go up, and vice versa. I sort of feel like this high-frequency trading is detrimental to the markets and doesn't really give everyone a fair shot. Retail investors do not have the resources and knowledge in order to do this sort of high frequency trading. It also seems to go against certain free market principles in my opinion.
"Silicon Valley sexism explained? ""And then there are things like the ""brilliant jerk"" phenomenon, the idea that the smarter you are, the less nice you have to be. Engineering culture is notorious for verbal abuse. It's common for engineers to personally attack each other's intelligence, especially in environments where multiple people are contributing code to a project and other people are reviewing that code...So, many of these male engineers rise up through tech companies and become managers. And when they do, they may bring with them a sense of entitlement, and a hostile work culture. """
As other's have said, paying off the student loan first makes the most sense because of That said, are you planning on staying in your house for a particularly long time?  If so, refinancing your mortgage into a fixed-rate loan might be the best use of your money long term.  Not sure how much time is left on your 5/1 ARM before the rate starts to float, but if rates rise, your mortgage could quickly become more expensive than your student loan.
"You didn't win in case B. Borrowing shares and then selling them is known as ""selling short"".  You received $2000 when you sold short 100 shares at $20.  You spent $1000 to buy them back at $10, so you come out $1000 ahead on that deal.  But at the same time, the 100 shares you already owned have declined in value from $20 to $10, so you are down $1000 on that deal.  So you've simply broken even, and you are still out the interest and transaction fees. In effect, a short sale allows you to sell shares you don't own.  But if you do already own them, then the effect is the same as if you just sold your own shares.  This makes it easier to see that this is just a complicated and expensive way of accomplishing nothing at all."
John Person has a pattern called the High Close Doji that is probably the most reliable signal in the world of candle patterns. I would check out Candle Stick and Pivot Point Trade Triggers. It all I use in trading stocks + forex.
I like HSAs. My employer had one for one year, but then took it away. Money you put into an HSA is tax-advantaged, you can invest it however you want, it can be used for healthcare if you need it, and you can stop adding to it at any time. You're healthy now, but it's likely there will be a time when you're not, and then it would be nice to have money already available.
"What are the fees associated with changing the new loan? Are those fees worth the peace of mind? If so, than it is not ""crazy"".  The decision really boils down to that: is it worth the money that you will spend refinancing the loan to not have to deal with the original bank that financed your loan, assuming that you find an institution that will be more amenable to your financial expectations."
A bank check is drawn on the bank itself. You gave the bank the funds backing that check at the time you purchased it. You can not get that money back except by returning the check to them. So, yes, effectively that check behaves like cash; the money us already gone from your account, and once you hand it over you can't claim it was forged or otherwise try to cancel the payment.
Yep, I agree, and that has basically been my point in this thread.  Without the Orca shows there just isn't a real point to SeaWorld.  People that say they'd go there more if not for the moral quandary are full of crap - without the Orca shows, no one is going to go out of their way for SeaWorld.  Just like Ringling Brothers without elephants, they're a dead idea.
The only reason to lend the money in this scenario is cashflow. But considering you buy a $15000 car, your lifestyle is not super luxurious, so $15000 spare cash is enough.
The particularly hilarious part was the conclusion:  &gt;What is to be done about it? The answer is that if the world is facing such an enormous glut of savings then they have to be taxed as fast as possible to prevent they imbalances they create. So we need higher corporation taxes. We need withholding taxes on dividends and interest going to tax havens. We need capital gains taxes at rates as high as income taxes. We need an investment income surcharge to increase tax rates on unearned income to match those including national insurance on earnings. And we need effective wealth taxes. Plus a continued crack down on tax havens, of course.  &gt;And I mean we may need all of these. The world cannot afford for its wealthy people to become US$57 trillion richer in the next five years. That would be a disaster for us all, including the wealthiest. So action is needed urgently. And now. We can’t wait for things to get ugly.
Many banks will allow you to open multiple accounts.  Create a secondary checking account that has no automatic withdrawals and doesn't allow overdraft.  This is the account you'll use for you discretionary spending.  Get an account with a debit card and always use it as a debit card (never as a credit card, even if it allows that). Your employer may allow you to split your direct deposit so that a certain amount of money goes into this account each month.  When it gets to $0, you have to stop spending.  It will automatically refill when you get your paycheck.
&gt; People will work harder when they're less rewarded? I don't know if that make sense to me.  Totally get it. It does run counter to our current approaches. If you would like to understand how I could have this crazy position [here is a TED talk on motivation that explains better than I could](https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_pink_on_motivation).
Timing differences would still all come out in the wash. Might reduce it one year but over a few years it's essentially the same. It's becoming harder to create situations where big timing differences can apply. And generally (although not in every case) companies are seeing the bad press associated with not paying taxes and are being relatively less aggressive than in the past.   There's a lot too it but I get annoyed by people saying companies only make donations to avoid tax. I've posted on it before and it's a silly view.
rollover funds only mean the funds one was foolish enough to first roll into this 401(k). With no matching, and need for cash, I'd stop depositing to that account. But, from details you gave, you can't withdraw that money.
Mostly some custom work i've done myself, bayesian and time series models, but there is some pattern matching. Most TA functions such as MA's, MACD's, BollingerBands, are simple ways of doing time series analysis.  MA's are basic filters.  MACD is essentially a way of viewing acceleration, as its the informational difference between filters.  BB's are mean reverters based on standard deviation/  RSI is a ratio of filtered up to down moves basically generating an indicator based on how strong the market has moved.
It's important to note that this 10% share price drop comes after a year in which Best Buy's stock price has risen more than 50%.   It's done this by focussing on matching Amazon's prices while providing better human-to-human customer service.  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/18/business/best-buy-amazon.html
Looking at taxes on earned income vs. investment income, you'll see a huge difference. Nearly all super rich people earn most of their income from investments, eg see Buffet - that's why his secretary pays more in taxes.  Plus, there's plenty of other legal ways to legally lower tax obligations, eg deferred carry forwards on losses, etc.  TLDR: duh
"is it worth it? You state the average yield on a stock as 2-3%, but seem to have come up with this by looking at the yield of an S&P500 index.  Not every stock in that index is paying a dividend and many of them that are paying have such a low yield that a dividend investor would not even consider them.  Unless you plan to buy the index itself, you are distorting the possible income by averaging in all these ""duds"". You are also assuming your income is directly proportional to the amount of yield you could buy right now.  But that's a false measure because you are talking about building up your investment by contributing $2k-$3k/month.  No matter what asset you choose to invest in, it's going to take some time to build up to asset(s) producing $20k/year income at that rate.  Investments today will have time in market to grow in multiple ways. Given you have some time, immediate yield is not what you should be measuring dividends, or other investments, on in my opinion.  Income investors usually focus on YOC (Yield On Cost), a measure of income to be received this year based on the purchase price of the asset producing that income.  If you do go with dividend investing AND your investments grow the dividends themselves on a regular basis, it's not unheard of for YOC to be north of 6% in 10 years.  The same can be true of rental property given that rents can rise. Achieving that with dividends has alot to do with picking the right companies, but you've said you are not opposed to working hard to invest correctly, so I assume researching and teaching yourself how to lower the risk of picking the wrong companies isn't something you'd be opposed to. I know more about dividend growth investing than I do property investing, so I can only provide an example of a dividend growth entry strategy: Many dividend growth investors have goals of not entering a new position unless the current yield is over 3%, and only then when the company has a long, consistent, track record of growing EPS and dividends at a good rate, a low debt/cashflow ratio to reduce risk of dividend cuts, and a good moat to preserve competitiveness of the company relative to its peers.  (Amongst many other possible measures.)  They then buy only on dips, or downtrends, where the price causes a higher yield and lower than normal P/E at the same time that they have faith that they've valued the company correctly for a 3+ year, or longer, hold time. There are those who self-report that they've managed to build up a $20k+ dividend payment portfolio in less than 10 years.  Check out Dividend Growth Investor's blog for an example.  There's a whole world of Dividend Growth Investing strategies and writings out there and the commenters on his blog will lead to links for many of them. I want to point out that income is not just for those who are old.  Some people planned, and have achieved, the ability to retire young purely because they've built up an income portfolio that covers their expenses.   Assuming you want that, the question is whether stock assets that pay dividends is the type of investment process that resonates with you, or if something else fits you better.  I believe the OP says they'd prefer long hold times, with few activities once the investment decisions are made, and isn't dissuaded by significant work to identify his investments.  Both real estate and stocks fit the latter, but the subtypes of dividend growth stocks and hands-off property investing (which I assume means paying for a property manager) are a better fit for the former.  In my opinion, the biggest additional factor differentiating these two is liquidity concerns.  Post-tax stock accounts are going to be much easier to turn into emergency cash than a real estate portfolio.  Whether that's an important factor depends on personal situation though."
"Your real question, ""why is this not discussed more?"" is intriguing. I think the media are doing a better job bringing these things into the topics they like to ponder, just not enough, yet.  You actually produced the answer to How are long-term capital gains taxed if the gain pushes income into a new tax bracket? so you understand how it works.  I am a fan of bracket topping. e.g. A young couple should try to top off their 15% bracket by staying with Roth but then using pretax IRA/401(k) to not creep into 25% bracket.  For this discussion, 2013 numbers, a blank return (i.e. no schedule A, no other income) shows a couple with a gross $92,500 being at the 15%/25% line. It happens that $20K is exactly the sum of their standard deduction, and 2 exemptions.  The last clean Distribution of Income Data is from 2006, but since wages haven't exploded and inflation has been low, it's fair to say that from the $92,000 representing the top 20% of earners, it won't have many more than top 25% today. So, yes, this is a great opportunity for most people.  Any married couple with under that $92,500 figure can use this strategy to exploit your observation, and step up their basis each year. To littleadv objection - I imagine an older couple grossing $75K, by selling stock with $10K in LT gains just getting rid of the potential 15% bill at retirement. No trading cost if a mutual fund, just $20 or so if stocks.  The more important point, not yet mentioned - even in a low cost 401(k), a lifetime of savings results in all gains being turned in ordinary income. And the case is strong for 'deposit to the match but no no more' as this strategy would let 2/3 of us pay zero on those gains.  (To try to address the rest of your questions a bit - the strategy applies to a small sliver of people. 25% have income too high, the bottom 50% or so, have virtually no savings. Much of the 25% that remain have savings in tax sheltered accounts. With the 2013 401(k) limit of $17,500, a 40 year old couple can save $35,000. This easily suck in most of one's long term retirement savings. We can discuss demographics all day, but I think this addresses your question.) If you add any comments, I'll probably address them via edits, avoiding a long dialog below."
And what would you believe would be the minimum level necessary to get someone to a point where they are financially literate and can make educated, informed decisions?   Do you believe an online accreditation on various aspects of investing in SMEs would help address these issues or would something more comprehensive be necessary?
They wouldn't exist in the first place, the government creates them.   90% of all antitrust litigation is one private firm suing another, i.g., government created/enabled cartels. Antitrust laws do exactly the opposite of what they (supposedly) intended, and they are generally a failed and discredited policy. Any surprise? Isn't that what most government intervention does?
"It may be margin loans or credit lines given to brokerages. I have no idea what a loan book is though so don't I don't really know. Also no one ""plays"" in equity markets with borrowed money unless they know for sure what they are doing or they have collateral as in the case of margin."
In a word: budgeting. In order to have money left over at the end of the month, you need to be intentional about how you spend it. That is all a budget is: a plan for spending your money.  Few people have the discipline and abundance of income necessary to just wing it and not overspend. By making a plan at home ahead of time, you can decide how much you will spend on food, entertainment, etc, and ensure you have enough money left over for things like rent/mortgage and utility bills, and still have enough for longer-term savings goals like a car purchase or retirement.  If you don't have a plan, it's simply not reasonable to expect yourself to know if you have enough money for a Venti cup as you drive past the Starbucks. A good plan will allow you to spend on things that are important to you while ensuring that you have enough to meet your obligations and long-term goals.  Another thing a budget will do for you is highlight where your problem is. If your problem is that you are spending too much money on luxuries, the budget will show you that. It might also reveal to you that your rent is too high, or your energy consumption is too great. On the other hand, you might realize after budgeting that your spending is reasonable, but your income is too low. In that case, you should focus on spending more of your time working or looking for a better paying job.
Hey so I'm completely new to anything financial. Have a bad habit of burning thru my money and would prefer to learn ways to make a little instead. What are some good tools that I could use to learn how to trade stocks or the best ways to get started investing? Thank you
"Sure, it doesn't, but realistically they can't/shouldn't do anything about it in their index funds, because then they're just another stock picker, trying to gauge which companies are going to do best.  Their funds not all being indexes is what I was getting at with my original question. How much leeway do they have in their definitions of other funds? IE, if they had a dividend fund that included all large cap dividend paying stocks above 3% yield, they couldn't take out Shell just because of climate risk without fundamentally changing what the fund is. But if it's just ""income fund"" then they can do whatever in that space."
"As some others have pointed out, it's key to remember the difference in market value and accounting value.  To simplify things, book value is the only item that specifically depreciates... it happens in the world of accounting to try to time ""when did I use a long term asset?"" with ""when did I obtain value from that asset?"" For a house, governments usually allow owners to claim depreciation of the building over a set period of time. This does not affect your resale value of the house.  Similarly, for a commercial property, governments set laws for how an individual or a company can time the ""use"" of that asset vs. their accounting. Some companies can have totally depreciated (""zero cost"") assets that are still very productive.   Market Property values are derived from 3 specific sources: Value in Trade is an estimate of the value that others would be willing to pay for a similar asset. That's why you can buy a house today, and in a ""normal"" market, the same house should be worth a similar amount of money in the future. Value in Use can be more interesting... this is where a farmer can extract $100,000 in value per year from 10 acres of land. But as a region develops, a manufacturing company can generate $300,000 per year from the same 10 acres of land. The company can buy out the farmer at a 'fair' price (>$100,000 per year) and still net positive from the investment.  Income Approach tends to be focused on properties that have a cash flow, but can be adapted to other property estimates. It evaluates the current ""business case"" for any property with the cost of money down, the overall investment price, and the expected value from any returns.  Remember, the market value is very simply, the price you could obtain if you sold the asset at a given time. It is rarely considered in terms of ""how much will this go down?"".  Book value is an accounting exercise and declines by a set amount every year, because it means you can estimate the ""cost"" of owning an asset vs the value it generates in a particular time period."
"At what rate? ""Millions""? No one would start at that rate, but the mid-100k range is standard for Harvard undergrads entering finance, plus generous benefits and bonuses. But the structure in most institutions weeds most of these people out after five years. That's fine for most people, who are just trying to pay off loans, buy a house, and maybe feel secure starting a business. People who stay for 5-10 years could certainly be in the million range when bonuses and benefits are considered."
Goldprice.org has different currencies and historical data. I think silverprice.org also has historical data.
When borrowing a small sum from a bank, there's usually no collateral. i.e. no property to put a lien on, no gems put in a vault. It's a personal loan. A loan for a plane ticket for you or for them wont make a difference. If they have the borrowing ability, it's their loan.  That said, if your family finances are so tight, no one can buy a full round trip ticket, you should not be taking this trip. If your (whole family) savings is not above 3-6 months living expenses, you still shouldn't take this trip.
The PMI rate is calculated at the time your mortgage is underwritten to be terminated at the point where you have 20% equity in your home.  It is calculated based off of default risks based on your current equity value at the time of the loan.  So if you got your mortgage before the banking crisis those risk charts have changed dramatically and not in your favor. So lets say you have a 100k home which you put 10k down so you have a mortgage of 90k.  Since you have accumulated an additional 5k equity so payoff value is now 85k.  If you refinance your mortgage and the home values in your area have dropped 15% you now are borrowing 100% of the value of your home.  So you have higher risk from being at 100% as opposed to 90%.  And the PMI is for the 20% of equity you do not have that the bank can not expect to recover.  So when you originally bought the house your PMI pay out was 10k.  At 85K value and 100% borrowed the PMI payout will be closer to 18k.  While you may still be able to sell your home for the original value when they do the refinance calculations they use what your area has trended.  If that is the case you maybe be able get an actual appraisal to use but that will come out of your pocket. *Disclaimer: These are simplifications of how the whole complex process works if you call the banker they can explain exactly why, show you the numbers, and help you understand your specific circumstances.  *
"He will receive it just like any other non-spouse beneficiary you could have named.  The money can stay in your 401K account if he wants to keep it there. For simplicity, your nephew will want to roll the money over to another qualified account, such as an IRA. The account must be titled in your name, for the benefit of him as beneficiary (aka, ""beneficiary IRA"").  Regardless of where the money is kept, he will be required to start withdrawing the funds a little bit each year, known as the Required Minimum Distribution (RMD) and it will appear as taxable income to him each year. There is no early withdrawal penalty in this case. Optionally, he can stretch out his RMDs over his own life expectancy. He would do this to lower his potential tax obligation, and to keep the money in his account longer, hopefully growing over time. See Publication 590-B , Distributions from IRA."
Shutters also prevent the fading of furnishings and interiors due to the harsh rays of the sun. They also keep your interiors insulated from the day time heat. In winter they manage to keep out the cold thus cutting your energy costs.Noise reduction is another benefit of installing Aluminium Roller Shutters. Solid metallic nature of roller shutters keeps out the noise making your home a quiet space where you can relax and enjoy time with the family. They also afford a great deal of privacy from nosy neighbours and keep your valuables safe from the roving eye of thieves.
They are wrong. Agreed. The problem I have is that sooner or later you get in so much debt no one will lend money to you anymore. At that point austerity is forced on you. The increased spending comes from domestic and foreign investors. We all know how fickle the financial markets can be. If our debt gets too high and they cut off the tap, we are fucked. I don't think we are anywhere near that point now. However, things can change dramatically in the course of a few months. Political tensions, global uncertainty and social unrest could all cause enough of a panic that people start questioning the safety of U.S. treasuries. We could also see the day where everyone collectively demands the U.S. stop ripping them off with negative bond yields. Like I said, I see no indication of that now, but who knows how long it will take?  I know this is a bit of a tangent, but it is clear. My solution: borrow money to improve the economy while you can but make sure that your dollars count to fixing the economy. Otherwise, you are going to be stuck with a stagnant economy  AND at a serious risk of bankruptcy when the financial markets no longer see you as a wise investment. You can't save yourself from falling off of two cliffs at the same time so our politicians should stop dicking around and start looking for real solutions with the money they are borrowing instead of pissing it away on useless shit.
"The tax code is a hodgepodge of rules that are often tough to explain.  The reality is that it's our Congress that writes the tax code, and they often have conflicting goals among themselves.  In theory, someone said ""How about we force withdrawals at some point. After all, these are retirement accounts, not 'give your kid a huge inheritance account'."" And the discussion continued from there. The age 70-1/2 was arbitrary. 70 happens to be the age for maximum Social Security benefits. But the average retirement age is 63. To make things more confusing, one can easily start taking IRA or 401(k) withdrawals at age 59-1/2, but for 401(k) as early as 55 if you separate from the job at 55 or later. One can also take withdrawals earlier from an IRA with tax, but no penalty using Sec 72(t) rules (such as 72(t)(2)(A)(iv) on Substantially Equal Periodic Payments).  To add to the confusion, Roth IRA? No RMDs. Roth 401(k), RMDs once separated from service. Since the money has already been taxed, it's the tax on the growth the government loses. My advice to the reader would be to move the Roth 401(k) to a Roth IRA before 70-1/2. My advice to congress would be to change the code to have the same rules for both accounts.  Whether one agrees that a certain rule is 'fair' to them or others is up to them. I think we can agree that the rules are remarkably complex, from origin to execution. And a moving target. You can see just from the history of this site how older questions are often revisited as code changes occur."
Stock prices aren't constant; they rise and fall.   The overall return on a share is the combination of the dividends paid plus the change in value of the share.  Some companies pay no dividend at all yet investors still buy their shares because they believe the share price will rise. People invest in stocks because they believe that the overall return will exceed what they can get from cash in the bank.   As to options they do offer higher potential profits but they also offer higher potential losses.  Different investors have different appetites for risk.  Many are comfortable with the risk of mainstream stock investing but not with that of options trading.
In reality, it's much more abstract than this feeble article depicts, which is why right/left winger Reddit-heroes often hop on this sub to validate their political views on the subject for themselves. Its economic ignorance to not think that how a governments taxes, and changes to those policies, affect how people &amp; businesses behave. I don't have the answer to all the economic problems but I'm not fooled by OP's nonsense propaganda piece.  My issue is with the article's false claim.   &gt;the job creation records of the 92 publicly held U.S. corporations that reported a U.S. profit every year from 2008 through 2015 and paid less than 20 percent of these earnings in federal income tax.  This study looked at 2%(the 92 profitable) of 4,333 publicly traded US companies selected based on both having turned a profit seven years running &amp; having dodged corporate taxes to make their tax payout close to 20%.   Does this sample sound like the entire US 27,900,000 total companies that comprise the domestic US economy? (That's .02% rounding up-yes the decimal is in the right spot.)  Even if this wasn't a flawed study from the start on selection bias, this isn't even quasi-experimental because there isn't a control group. Even a null conclusion would be invalidated without call for further inspection.   The source is a left-wing think tank drawing a line from the false conclusion to a motivated source. Is this the standard of information anyone should make policy based on?   This article says nothing definitive with evidence &amp; is worthless.
Maybe someone will have more details, but a couple of things come to mind immediately:
Have you seen what it takes to be a (very highly-paid) accredited actuarial? First, you enter a class with other supremely talented math whizzes; then, you finish with close to perfect marks but they weren't perfect enough because only the most perfect of the perfect have made it!
Put €300-500 in a savings account. Or -- since you already have an emergency fund -- a medium risk fund. @Relaxed is right, though: what are your future goals?  (There's more to life than buying a house...  Travel, future children, etc, etc.)
I came here asking for advice because google gave me conflicting answers. I don't need a lawyer to tell me which licenses I need, I  just need somebody with experience, which it's obvious you don't have for 2 reasons. 1) You would have told me already and 2) joining existing firms will result in DNC agreements which I don't want. I'd appreciate a little bit more respect and knowledgeable answers than just putting me down for asking a simple question to clarify my confusion. I am new to this sub and your attitude does not make me feel welcomed here nor to other people I'd imagine that may be new as well.
One reason it matters whether or not you're beating the S&P 500 (or the Wilshire 5000, or whatever benchmark you choose to use) is to determine whether or not you'd be better off investing in an index fund (or some other investment vehicle) instead of pursuing whatever your current investment strategy happens to be.  Even if your investment strategy makes money, earning what the S&P 500 has averaged over multiple decades (around 10%) with an index fund means a lot more money than a 5% return with an actively managed portfolio (especially when you consider factors like compound interest and inflation). I use the S&P 500 as one of my criteria for judging how well (or poorly) my financial adviser is doing for me. If his recommendations (or trading activity on my behalf, if authorized) are inferior to the S&P 500, for too long, then I have a basis to discontinue the relationship. Check out this Wikipedia entry on stock market indices. There are legitimate criticisms, but on the whole I think they are useful. As an aside, the reason I point to index funds specifically is that they are the one of the lowest-cost, fire-and-forget investment strategies around.  If you compare the return of the S&P 500 index over multiple decades with most actively managed mutual funds, the S&P 500 index comes out ahead.
Cutispilus Clinic is the Best Dermatologist In Mumbai For Acne Treatment after diagnosing the real cause for acne. Cutispilus Clinic also offers treatment for Acne Scars, Hyper Pigmentation, Sun Tanning, Wrinkles, Under Eye Dark Circle, and for Oily Skin. To get the more details visit the website: http://cutispilus.com/
Fifteen thousand dollars is not a whole lot of cash.  It should probably be kept liquid.  To that end, savings accounts and certificates of deposit (CDs) are typically used.  (There are also money market funds, but I am not sure that makes sense once trading costs are figured into the equation.) I would set some of that money aside, for an emergency fund.  (Start with at least 6 months of realistic living expenses  and also consider a fund for unforeseen emergencies.)  I would consider using 2-3 thousand to setup a retirement account.  The rest, I would place into CD ladders, so that it is somewhat accessible.
I really don't understand. Do many Greeks actually feel entitled to having the rest of Europe pay to keep them afloat without making any changes to curb corruption, fraud, or fix bloated government programs or raising taxes?    It seems so simple when presented by the media  Problem: Greece can't afford to run the govt or pay off its national debts  Responsible Solutions:  1) Make spending cuts and try to curb govt bloat and corruption.  2) Increase taxes and make an effort to prevent illegal tax avoidance.  The stories I've seen imply the people refuse to accept either approach to a solution.   If they refuse  both of those approaches Europe must pay to keep them afloat.  It seems so ignorant and childish to me. You gotta pay for your own shit, otherwise there will be consequences.
Not a financial adviser, but I think there is some amount of debt that's ok.  So I wouldn't suggest someone should go $200k into debt for a BA in English, but if you went somewhat into debt, say $30k, for a major with good job prospects and a high salary, it will probably be a good decision.  Which is exactly what I did, and it worked out very well for me.  I would advise students to apply to lots of schools with different entry requirements and tuition rates, just to see what their financial aid packages are like.  Very often if a $50k a year school really wants you, they'll give you some scholarships to make it more affordable.  If they don't give you enough, then you may just need to go to a cheaper school.   edit: also, if your family isn't wealthy (like mine) you'll often qualify for federal loans.  My loans from 2012 are at 3.5% interest, and my financial adviser is telling me to make the minimum payments so I can put more money in stocks.
For the skeptical, this stuff works. Much of Ren Tech's initial edge was probably based on NLP given Simons' academic background, Leonard Baum and the IBM NLP team that they poached.   However, this space is extremely saturated and there's very little edge to be gained especially if you're using open source python libraries.
Yes.  If you reply back, they'll confirm that Uncle Alex did indeed leave you $7 million, and you just need to send them a few thousand dollars for taxes and estate fees and then they'll wire you the money.  And then there'll be customs fees.  And then more taxes.  And of course, there will be separate import fees.  And so on until you run out of money.
What they are doing is not illegal.  There is a plan under consideration to charge micro-payments to place and cancel an order, rather than on just executed orders but it will need to go through review and approval.  http://www.tradersmagazine.com/issues/25_335/Exchanges-Set-to-Tax-Heavy-Quoters-109941-1.html
This article is misleading in it's universality of its findings. It does have a control group, which is a good start, but the findings are based on call-center employees whose functions are almost perfectly suited for remote work. In a way, we already knew this because of how much call-center work is outsourced and outside of provincial management (in other words, most companies don't bother housing customer service call centers at company headquarters). Let's see them try to replicate those results with other industries.   Treating the ability to work from home as a panacea is just as foolish as believing that workers can't ever be remote. The truth is that individual personalities and, more importantly, an individual's work functions are better suited for remote work than others and it takes good management to understand why they take the strategy they take with regards to remote work.   All in all, the study might be a good case study for encouraging remote work among call-center employees, but any further extrapolation of that for other industries is going to be a baseless claim influenced by personal agendas.
Everyone has failures. Failures are how we learn as humans. We literally have to fail over and over again in order to learn how to walk. Yes Steve Jobs had failures in business, and those failures ultimately led to him forever changing the world.  I don't know him personally, so I can't say how he was with other people or his family. However, I did read in Ed Catmull's book Creativity that he developed into a great leader with compassion for others as the years went on.  Other than that, I totally agree with you about what true leadership means.
You don't say how long your mortgage has to go until it's paid off, but presumably it's only five or ten years. Hopefully that means your payments now represent a smaller fraction of your income than they did ten years ago. That means your risk level may have changed. How bad would it be for you if your mortgage payments went up by 50%? Would it be disastrous, or could you survive by some means. If higher mortgage payments wouldn't break you, now may be the time to look at a variable rate mortgage. Variable rates are typically than fixed rates on average, because you are assuming some of the risk. Rates are probably going up over the next five years, but they are probably going to be less than 4.75% on average - otherwise the banks wouldn't be offering 4.75% 5 year fixed rates. The downside is that rates MIGHT go up to much more than 4.75%. So you need to be in a position where you can take the worst the markets might throw at you - but if you can, then on average you will come out ahead.
This depends on the particular index, of course. Capital gains taxes occur when stock is sold (for a profit). This occurs less frequently in an index fund: Where an active manager frequently buys and sells stocks (after all, he wants to be active :-) ), the index fund only sells stocks when the particular stock leaves the index. For an index such as the S&P 500 this does not happen that often.  The more specific the criteria of the index fund, the more often the selling of stock and thus the need to pay capital gains taxes occurs.
It appears your company is offering roughly a 25% discount on its shares.  I start there as a basis to give you a perspective on what the 30% matching offer means to you in terms of value. Since you are asking for things to consider not whether to do it, below are a few considerations (there may be others) in general you should think about your sources of income. if this company is your only source of income, it is more prudent to make your investment in their shares a smaller portion of your overall investment/savings strategy. what is the holding period for the shares you purchase. some companies institute a holding period or hold duration which restricts when you can sell the shares.  Generally, the shorter the duration period the less risk there is for you.  So if you can buy the shares and immediately sell the shares that represents the least amount of relative risk. what are the tax implications for shares offered at such a discount.  this may be something you will need to consult a tax adviser to get a better understanding.  your company should also be able to provide a reasonable interpretation of the tax consequences for the offering as well. is the stock you are buying liquid. liquid, in this case, is just a fancy term for asking how many shares trade in a public market daily. if it is a very liquid stock you can have some confidence that you may be able to sell out of your shares when you need. personally, i would review the company's financial statements and public statements to investors to get a better understanding of their competitive positioning, market size and prospects for profitability and growth. given you are a novice at this it may be good idea to solicit the opinion of your colleagues at work and others who have insight on the financial performance of the company. you should consider other investment options as well.  since this seems to be your first foray into investing you should consider diversifying your savings into a few investments areas (such as big market indices which typically should be less volatile).   last, there is always the chance that your company could fail.  Companies like Enron, Lehman Brothers and many others that were much smaller than those two examples have failed in the past.  only you can gauge your tolerance for risk. As a young investor, the best place to start is to use index funds which track a broader universe of stocks or bonds as the first step in building an investment portfolio.  once you own a good set of index funds you can diversify with smaller investments.
"You're perfectly correct, but it's kind of weird to me.  I *kind of* get the point behind the result of the USADA ruling, which would presumably be that ""if you cheated at one sport, you'll cheat at another"", but it's just a little strange that just because you doped as a cycler, you can't run a marathon or try to join the Pro Bowlers' Association."
well yes but you should also begin to understand the sectoral component of real estate as a market too in that there can be commercial property;  industrial property and retail property; each of which is capable of having slightly (tho usually similar of course) different returns, yields, and risks.  Whereas you are saving to buy and enter into the residential property market which is different again and valuation principles are often out of kilter here because Buying a home although exposing your asset base to real estate risk isnt usually considered an investment as it is often made on emotional grounds not strict investment criteria.
As a what?  You ain't shit no matter what you think.  Going to school is easy.  Thinking that is supposed to impress people is sad.  You accept that you have no power and let that be your excuse.  I accept that I do have power and I need to work toward my goals.
"Yeah. The whole Russia thing is clearly a wash at this point. And his younger playboy antics don't really seem to generate much outrage -- or at least enough outrage to get him in any serious trouble.  Honestly, at this point the democrats need to focus on getting grandma Clinton out of the spotlight and grooming Warren (who IMHO could win it) or whoever their next candidate will be. This whole ""find dirt on Trump"" thing doesn't seem to be very productive."
Obat Melancarkan Peredaran Darah » Terimakasih atas kesediaan anda membuka blog kami, pada postingan kali ini kami akan memberikan tips dan solusi cara melancarkan peredaran darah secara alami tanpa menimbulkan efek samping dan pastinya tidak perlu repot-repot keluar rumah dan mengeluarkan banyak uang untuk melakukan pengobatan.
In the U.S., most car dealers provide lease financing through one company (usually a subsidiary of the auto manufacturer). Whereas they provide loan financing through a variety of companies, some of whom offer very high interest rate loans and sell the loans as collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). Have you checked whether Chase or First Tech Credit Union offers a suitable car lease?
I've skimmed through the answers given and I'd like do add another possible scenario.  I've recently heard about this exact thing happening to someone only the money originally was a loan taken in the receivers name. 1) Scumbag finds out personal data – including social number, bank account and phone – of Innocent Victim.  2) Scumbag takes out a loan in the name of Innocent Victim. The money are sent to IV's account. 3) Scumbag calls IV saying 'Oh, I've made a mistake, blah, blah, yada, yada. Could you please send the money back to me? My bank account is...' 4) Innocent Victim, being the good guy that he/she is, of course want to help out and send the money to Scumbag. 5) Scumbag makes a cash withdrawal and is no longer anywhere to be found and Innocent Victim is left with a loan but no money.
"Nobel laureate economist, Paul Krugman, wrote a piece many moons ago about economic expansion and money supply.  As an illustration of how money supply affects the economy, he used the example of a baby-sitting co-op.  While simplistic, it provides an easy to grasp notion of how printing money and restricting it (e.g. by pegging the currency to gold reserves) can affect the economy. Here is an excerpt from his webpage ( http://web.mit.edu/krugman/www/howfast.html ): ""With the decline of the traditional extended family, in which relatives were available to take care of children at need, many parents in the United States have sought alternative arrangements. A popular scheme is the baby-sitting coop, in which a group of parents agree to help each other out on a reciprocal basis, with each parent serving both as baby-sitter and baby-sittee. Any such coop requires rules that ensure that all members do their fair share. One natural answer, at least to people accustomed to a market economy, is to use some kind of token or marker system: parents ""earn"" tokens by babysitting, then in turn hand over these tokens when their own children are minded by others. For example, a recently formed coop in Western Massachusetts uses Popsicle sticks, each representing one hour of babysitting. When a new parent enters the coop, he or she receives an initial allocation of ten sticks.  This system is self-regulating, in the sense that it automatically ensures that over any length of time a parent will put in more or less the same amount of time that he or she receives. It turns out, however, that establishing such a token system is not enough to make a coop work properly. It is also necessary to get the number of tokens per member more or less right. To see why, suppose that there were very few tokens in circulation. Parents will want on average to hold some reserve of tokens - enough to deal with the possibility that they may want to go out a few times before they have a chance to babysit themselves and earn more tokens. Any individual parent can, of course, try to accumulate more tokens by babysitting more and going out less. But what happens if almost everyone is trying to accumulate tokens - as they will be if there are very few in circulation? One parent's decision to go out is another's opportunity to babysit. So if everyone in the coop is trying to add to his or her reserve of tokens, there will be very few opportunities to babysit. This in turn will make people even more reluctant to go out, and use up their precious token reserves; and the level of activity in the coop may decline to a disappointingly low level.  The solution to this problem is, of course, simply to issue more Popsicle sticks. But not too many - because an excess of popsicle sticks can pose an equally severe problem. Suppose that almost everyone in the coop has more sticks than they need; then they will be eager to go out, but reluctant to babysit. It will therefore become hard to find babysitters - and since opportunities to use popsicle sticks will become rare, people will become even less willing to spend time and effort earning them. Too many tokens in circulation, then, can be just as destructive as too few."" -- Paul Krugman, 1997 (accessed webpage 2010)."
Um, wut?  It took a failure for the SIFI to be defined in the first place.  It took the failure of Lehman and Bear Stearns for the US goverments to actively attempt precluding *any more failures* of what were yet-to-be-called, SIFI's.  Is this really such a hard concept to grasp?  Largely unforeseen failure first, further failure avoidance second.
Perhaps it seems harsh, but I would get separate accounts: credit cards, savings, retirement, all the way down the line.  Your only joint account should be for paying mortgage/rent and other bills.  And as another poster said, delete all your saved info from browsers &c.  Perhaps you even need to set up separate user ids. If this really is a case of compulsive spending, curing it is likely to be a long, hard process, if it's even possible.  You need to put yourself in a position where you won't be dragged down with him.
A lot of stores, especially smaller ones, won't accept card payments under $10.00. They pay a fee for taking cards and for small transactions it is not worth it.
exactly, if it was just some other douche like prestigious pete, fine - but the site has gone out of their way to make her posts front page material and to make her a certified user.  Fucking stupid.
There are two basic types of lines of credit typically offered at a retail bank: Overdraft line of credit is essentially a revolving personal loan that you can draw upon as needed or automatically draw on when you overdraw on your checking account. Typically with a commercial bank there is a fee to use the automatic overdraft in addition to interest. Some credit unions don't charge a fee. Interest is typically computed using average daily balance. A Home equity line of credit is a revolving loan that is secured against your home. Interest on home-improvement related expenses is deductible. Since the bank gets a lien on your home, the rates are low. Sometimes you can even get debit cards that will hit the line. I think these are a good idea if:
Some backstory before my questions.  I am a First year student in the UK  (course: Finance and Investment). In the future I would like to get into IB or PE. I already have CISI and CFA exams on my radar.   My questions are:  1) With the recent boom in cryptocurrencies should I start researching how they work and what are the future prospects of investing in them? Do you think it will become mandatory by 2020? Are GS employees currently working their butts off to learn as much as possible about it and how to profit?   2) What is the best way to network? Should I focus only on insight days,applying for shadowing/internships etc. Is cold-calling worth it?   3) Do actual people work in Clearing Houses? If so, what are the career prospects there?   4) Can someone give me a real life example (in the form of eli5) about how  financial institutions use swaps and futures?   5) I recently picked up “Lords of Finance” as a book for my spare time. I am genuinely intrigued but I was told that I am wasting my time and in the future it wont do me any good because no one will know I read it?   I am well aware most of these questions are basic but It will be very helpful if I even get one question answered. If some of these questions have already been answered please give me a link. Thank you in advance
"Property taxes, where they exist, are generally levied by cities, counties and other local-level administrative bodies like MUDs, and are the primary source of revenue at these levels of government. These taxes pay the lion's share of the expenses for basic services provided by a city or county: There are federal dollars, other revenue sources (State lottery revenues often go toward public schools for instance), and ""usage fees"" (vehicle registration, utility bills, toll roads) at play as well, but a lot of that money covers larger-scale infrastructure development (freeways/interstates) and specialized ""earmarks"" (political backscratching involving this bridge or that dam in a Congresscritter's home district, a few national initiatives from the President's budget like first-responder technology upgrades for improved disaster/terrorism readiness). Property taxes are the main funding for the day-to-day government operations at the most visible level to the average resident. The theory behind using a property tax instead of some other form of taxation (like income) is that the value of the property and the quality of services provided to the resident(s) of that property are interrelated; the property is valuable in part because the infrastructure is well-maintained and nearby schools/hospitals are good, and by the same token, affluent residents expect high-quality services. Property taxes are also easier to levy, because most of the work can be done by the tax assessor; monitor recent sale prices, do drive-bys through neighborhoods, come up with a number and send the resident the bill. That's opposed to sales taxes which businesses operating in the jurisdiction have to calculate, collect and turn over, or income taxes which require residents to fill out paperwork to calculate how much they owe. The justification is eminent domain. It's very simple; when you buy land in the U.S. and a State thereof, you are still a citizen and/or resident of that State and the U.S., and subject to their laws. You're not creating your own country when you buy a house. As such, the government charges you for the facilities and services they provide in your area and your State, which are then your privilege to use. Obviously roads aren't free; a one-mile stretch behind my house is costing the county $15 million to expand it from 2-lane to 4-lane. Here's the kicker; you've already been paying these taxes. You think your landlord's just going to take the property taxes for the whole apartment complex on the chin? He's out to make money, and doing that requires charging a sufficient amount to cover costs, including taxes he incurs. You just never see ""allocated property taxes"" as an item on your rent statement, just like you don't see ""allocated landowner mortgage"", ""allocated facilities maintenance"", ""allocated gross margin"" etc. You know you're getting shafted, paying someone else's financing with a little extra on the side to boot. That's why you want a house. Unfortunately, not being able to pay these taxes is a grim reality for some people, old and young, and government generally doesn't go easy on delinquent homeowners. After medical bills and mortgage delinquency, property tax delinquency is the number three reason for bankruptcy, and only a mortgage or property tax delinquency can cause your home to be seized and sold. Well that and using it for criminal enterprise, but unless you're running a meth lab in your half-million-dollar home or financing it with coke money I wouldn't worry about that score. Retirement planners figure property taxes into cost of living, and they do often advise a downgrade from the 2-story house you raised your children in to something smaller (for many reasons, including lower taxes). There really isn't a way to structure a completely ""pay-as-you-go"" metropolitan area, and you wouldn't want to live in it if there were. Imagine every strip of asphalt in the county being a toll road where your transponder (TollTag, EZ-Pass, etc) or license plate was scanned and you were billed at each intersection. In addition to being a huge invasion of privacy, the cost to maintain this network (and your cost to use it) would skyrocket. Imagine 911 asking for a credit card number before dispatching police, fire or EMS (Ambulance services already do bill on a per-event basis, but you'd be surprised how few people pay and how little power a county EMS has to enforce collection; without a property tax and Medicaid to cover the difference, EMS service could not be provided in most counties)."
The fees for Vanguard and Fidelity IRA housing cannot be lower, because they are zero.  Depending on the fund you invest in, one or the other will have pretty low fees and are often the lowest in the industry. I don't qualify for TIAA-CREF, but my mother does and she loves them.  She can call up and get some advice for free.  I would not qualify it as the best advice in the world, but it certainly isn't horrible.   So it really depends on what you are looking for.  If you want a little investment advice, I would go with TIAA-CREF.  If you are a do it yourself-er go with Vanguard.
That is a pretty sweet setup. The few months I was on contract with an oil company they had a similar arrangement, although not quite as good as that. This is a different situation though. I'm sorry, but I don't think that as many people can do what needs to be done on an oil rig as can be trained to be a cop. I personally don't think they should be compensated at that level.
Agree the hype is extreme. Still disagree that Denver is similar to Boise. Look at startup investment. Look at angel investor communities in Denver/Boulder vs Boise. Look at the general maturity of the economy.   Again I agree it's hyped because incoming residents have been insane since marijuana went legal. But it's definitely a different town and economy then Boise in your example.
It seems that you're asking for a legal/tax advice, and I vote to close the question as off-topic for that. This is not the place. But on the second thought, I will share some of the ideas I have, provided of course that you will not consider them as any sort of tax advice whatsoever, and will not rely on it for any tax planning without verifying with a licensed professional. Taking 401k money out just like that means that you are going to pay your taxes on that money plus additional 10% penalty. As @JoeTaxpayer said, this rarely makes economic sense. However, taking 401K money out to pay your medical bills (which would otherwise be deductible, pay attention to the nuances) doesn't trigger the penalty. It looks like in your case you might (unfortunately) have a chance to use this provision. Another case when you can withdraw money without penalty is disability, which according to what you describe is, unfortunately, a situation you're very likely to find yourself in. Also, you can withdraw funds as income for a substantial period of time, and under certain conditions it will not be subject to the 10% penalty. Of course, leaving it to the beneficiaries, as mentioned by others, is another and very valid option. See publication 575 for specific details, and be sure to consult a tax professional before doing anything.
Err, isn't this article simply stating the obvious? I've been working for the last 18 years and I know those signs by heart, seen them on others, and on me even...   The manager who can not spot those signs deserves to be deserted, the problem is with the manager who spots those signs and does nothing!
NAEDO debit order collections permit creditors collecting up to R15, 000 per debit instruction and run in a preferential manner on a random basis before the standard EFT debit order run. This ensures that every creditor stands an equal chance of successfully collecting the funds without much delay or hassle.
"Honestly i just want a place i can chat casually with other professional with regards to technical and general topics in the field.  No country-specific politics unless it materially changes the financial playing field.  With regard to keeping this sub effective at it's purpose, why not do what WSO and ""validate"" members through a certain private process?  Not sure how you would validate people like entrepeneurs and day traders, but it may be a good way to do it."
I won't be able to model stock prices using this information.  The pros aren't likely to use Google as much. Even the casual investor is likely to have his own habits. For example, I've come to like how Yahoo permits me to set up a portfolio and follow the stocks I want. And the information that interests me is there, laid out nicely, price, history, insider trades, news etc.  But your effort probably still has some discovery value, as it will help you understand when interest in a company suddenly swells above normal. Nothing wrong with a good project like that. Just don't expect to extract too much market-beating success from it. The pros will eat your lunch, take your money, and not even say thanks. Welcome to Money.SE.
"This ignores that physical stores are losing market share at an accelerating rate. Yes, if we freeze time now and pretend things will always be this way, brick and mortar has ""only"" lost 10% of their sales revenue. But a big reason people opt for the store is because they receive their purchases instantly. Same-day delivery, combined with technologies like self-driving and drone delivery, will give online stores low- or no-fee instant gratification, on top of lower prices, no traffic and no gas costs. Online stores will continue to gain market share."
I never intended to get into a big debate on taxation. My point was that a buyback is the sane as a divided.  Would you agree to that? Here's an interesting test. Does he have the same problem with dividend producing stocks? If he does then how else are firms supposed to give s return to investors?  (Don't even think about saying through price appreciation because I'm sure you also have a rant for the drive for stock price.)  This isn't a do we tax or not.  That's overly broad for this piece.  Also he isn't talking about taxing away profits but using taxes to cause businesses to make investments.  Wouldn't you agree that if that extra factory was unproductive if it wouldnt have had an economical case to be invested in otherwise? Issuing taxes as a blunt tool to cause businesses to throw money at random projects is about the definition of misallocation.  Can we agree to this, absent a taxation debate i generally avoid like the plague?  You really are in a corner on how a company effectively passes a return to those who invested in them without subverting the whole pricing mechanism. Unless that is your point to do. Government control for all investments yeah!
This letter sets out the general purpose of the business together with the market, technical, financial and organizational studies. Items such as marketing channels, price, distribution, business model, engineering, location, organizational chart, capital structure, financial assessment, sources of funding, buy a business in florida is generally considered that a business plan is a living document, In the sense that it must be constantly updated to reflect the unforeseen that necessarily arise in the process of creation and consolidation. With your selection method, company philosophy, legal aspects, and your exit plan.
"Even if the price of your home did match inflation or better — and that's a question I'll let the other answers address — I propose that owning a home, by itself, is not a sufficient hedge against inflation. Consider: Inflation will inflate your living expenses. If you're lucky, they'll inflate at the average. If you're unlucky, a change in your spending patterns (perhaps age-related) could result in your expenses rising faster than inflation. (Look at the sub-indexes of the CPI.) Without income also rising with inflation (or better), how will you cope with rising living expenses? Each passing year, advancing living expenses risk eclipsing a static income. Your home is an illiquid asset. Generally speaking, it neither generates income for you, nor can you sell only a portion. At best, owning your principal residence helps you avoid a rent expense and inflation in rents — but rent is only one of many living expenses. Some consider a reverse-mortgage an option to tap home equity, but it has a high cost. In other words: If you don't want to be forced to liquidate [sell] your home, you'll also need to look at ways to ensure your income sources rise with inflation. i.e. look at your cash flow, not just your net worth. Hence: investing in housing, as in your own principal residence, is not an adequate hedge against inflation. If you owned additional properties to generate rental income, and you retained pricing power so you could increase the rent charged at least in line with inflation, your situation would be somewhat improved — except you would, perhaps, be adopting another problem: Too high a concentration in a single asset class. Consequently, I would look at ways other than housing to hedge against inflation. Consider other kinds of investments. ""Safe as houses"" may be a cliché, but it is no guarantee."
I agree.  My point was that obtaining a degree for the benefit of having a degree will no longer be the accepted next step after high school.  Degrees won't disappeared outright .  Still the loss of money to higher education will still cause problems.
&gt; He {Trump} praises steelworkers, speaks wistfully of coal mining, and tweets boastfully about new manufacturing factories  yea, presidents before Trump allowed 66,000 factories to close and be confiscated by China.  66,000 x jobs = a lot of American might gone...hence Trump talking steel, mining etc
"If you're curious, here are my goals behind this silly madness You said it... The last two words, I mean...:-) If you're auditing your statements - why do you need to keep the info after the audit? You got the statement for last month, you verified that the Starbucks charge that appears there is the same as in your receipts - why keeping them further? Done, no $10 dripping, throw them away. Why do you need to keep your refrigerator owner's manual? What for? You don't know how to operate a refrigerator? You don't know who the manufacturer is to look it up online in case you do need later? Read it once, mark the maintenance details in your calendar (like: TODO: Change the water filter in 3 months), that's it. Done. Throw it away (to the paper recycle bin). You need the receipt as a proof of purchase for warranty? Make a ""warranty"" folder and put all of them there, why in expenses? You don't buy a refrigerator every months. That's it, this way you've eliminated the need to keep monthly expenses folders. Either throw stuff away after the audit or keep it filed where you really need it. You only need a folder for two months at most (last and current), not for 12 months in each of the previous 4 years."
Yes, do not consider the CFA Program unless you are a fourth year university student - even then it is an over achievement at that moment in one's career. That being said, saying you are sitting for the CFA Level I exam in the future can be a differentiator for competitive entry level jobs out of undergraduate.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://priceonomics.com/how-much-are-people-making-from-the-sharing/) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; We analyzed anonymized data from Priceonomics customer Earnest, a loan provider, and examined tens of thousands of loan applicants to see how much people are earning on side-gig platforms and how these platforms stack up against each other.  &gt; We do not know how many hours of work the income represents for each platform, as each one has a unique pricing and commission structure.  &gt; Making an average of $924 off their platform each month, Airbnb hosts make nearly three times as much as other workers.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6p7c9t/how_much_are_people_making_from_the_sharing/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~174231 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **work**^#1 **platform**^#2 **income**^#3 **month**^#4 **company**^#5"
How do I report this on our income tax return? You should include it on Line 7 of your Form 1040.   Additionally, you should report the extra payment to your employer if it was greater that $20. You can use From 4070 to do this if your employer does not provide you with a form. And finally, you are right, you should Form 4137 to report any tips that you include on your Form 1040 in order to pay the required social security and medicare taxes.   Credit is due to glibdud and Nathan L for constructive feedback! Thanks!
Depending on how much you drive, they might be in the same range as far as cost of ownership goes.   I've seen a few salesman for which it was cheaper to get a Tesla than a mid size car like the Fusion of the Camry.
I moderate in r/finance and this is completely on the moderators. They should disallow purposefully inflammatory nonsense. This would prevent the r/politics bleed over and might help this place become bearable.   The best part is that the second bullet on the sidebar is '/r/business is not the place for stories about the government's economic policies or corporate corruption' yet there are constantly links about so and so CEO fiddling with his compensation or shareholders suspecting fraud, etc.
Here, you can get a professional recommendation approximately any most important issues and the way they may affect the belongings over time. We offer you better inspection carrier all of that, it's miles an Australia's maximum trusted employer. We will offer you and your property agent with assets to help marketplace the document as one of a number of techniques that permit you to control the sale technique of a pre sale inspections. As one among a number of strategies that let you manage the sale technique. We tell you the real condition of the interior and exterior of the building.
As someone who works on the sell side, I can tell you you're partially right.  Yes, we do make money off of trades (so just getting people to trade gets the company money) but we do try to be right.  We like to look at overall trends with growth projections and earnings estimates, and (as long as the analyst isn't a bad one) will try to get the right answer.  Often, we try to present different angles to the research and aren't afraid to go out on a limb--so that you'll read it. We like being right though.  The reason we like to be right and make people understand that we know what is going on is simple: a company won't respect research if it's bullshit.  And that goes for trading and buy side firms, but also from the companies involved in the research.  For an investment bank, a large chunk (often over 50%) of revenue comes from M&amp;A deals, and often a company will choose to do a deal with companies they know will give a good value-that come's from their first experience with the company-equity research.  So yes, we don't like to beat up on companies, but we do want to be right.    If the analyst has that bad a rate of success, he's probably pretty bad or you're looking at an industry where nobody saw some huge shift coming.  Edit: Oh, and analysts can't buy or sell any company in their sector (I think this is industry-wide, not just my firm)
It's a lot of conjecture but definitely take a look at the Australian economy.  Their minimum wage is over $12 an hour and prices have reached an equilibrium with that number as their starting point.  Money is all relative, there aren't easy solutions for low skilled labor besides subsidizing their lifestyle.    Too early to source stuff.
"Political instability and general inability of the government to control crime, economomy, or even remain in existence, would be my greatest worry.  I wouldn't want my bank account to randomly disappear, criminals to come take my stuff and/or life by force because nobody is going to stop them, or a hoarde of revolutionaries appearing at my door telling me ""get lost, the times they are a-changin"". On a whim, I tried to compare instability to cost of living.  I used lowest monthly disposable income as my correlation to cost of living and the Fragile State index to measure instability.  I picked the 55 lowest to get the countries with $500.00 (usd) and lower in monthly income.   Those countries average out to 83.42 on the Fragile State index, which would be in the ""Very High Warning"" range and includes 18 countries in the ""Alert"", ""High Alert"", or ""Very High Alert"" status. Obviously, there is some subjectivity in an attempt to measure something in as broad a term as ""fragile state"", but it illustrates it's point well enough.  Sources: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_Fragile_States_Index http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Cost-of-living/Average-monthly-disposable-salary/After-tax"
Perfect competition would not be the outcome you want from this model, nor does it imply what you posit. It implies that there will be infinitely many firms, with free entry/exit, making zero profits. Bonds would then become a reason for exit if you had heterogeneous firms (but in perfect competition this is unlikely). In fact in equilibrium no would (probably) issue bonds. What it seems like you want is some sort of structured oligopoly, or a regulated cartel separated into regions. This might generate the bond market you have in mind, but it still does not take into account the relative risk of the bonds.
Here's a nice middle ground: give everyone who falls under DACA full citizenship ~~and is~~ *provided they are* employed*, are in school,* or ~~is~~ *are* actively seeking employment, and then repeal DACA.  Edited for clarity.
This kind of thing is right up my ally. I am based in Australia so suggestions will be Australian based. I was looking at starting up a private consultancy. Basically use neto as your ERM and online website. link in to xero for accounts. Netos predictive inventory module tells you when to restock on raw materials.
&gt; The state is heavily involved in American health care, an enormous component of why it is so expensive and inaccessible.  No - the reason is it so expensive and inaccessible is because it's not fully nationalised.  In the UK we pay **less** for NHS than you do for your medicare, per capita.  The US has the worst of all systems.  &gt; The latter quoted accusation does not make sense, and that was exactly Bastiat’s point.  It makes no sense as an analogy either.
Speeding and distracted driving are among the most common reasons for getting a traffic ticket. Consult with Stephen G. Price, a seasoned defence lawyer in Langley, if you need help in defending your rights and preventing your license from being revoked.
I'm not sure if there are nuances between countries and appreciate your question is specifically about the US, but in the UK, mobile phone contracts, including SIM only, as seen by the chat in this experion website chat shows that mobile contracts are included in credit ratings for 6 years.
Please stay on topic. I haven't said anything about negotiation power.   But to answer your question, the employer is the one that needs a position filled, not the potential employee. If a potential employee doesn't like the wage offered, he can go apply elsewhere. How is this unbalanced?
There was one nugget in this pretty bad article.  Lowering taxes on the investor class - specifically on capital capital gains does not in itself spur investment if there is not growth in the overall economy.  What it does do is spur short term speculation since capital gains taxes are only levied on the sale - it's cheaper to buy/sell, buy/sell, etc.
Looking through his post history, it seems all he does is hit up Internet strangers for advice on his business. I don't see it there, but I vaguely remember a post he had on either here or r/personalfinance that didn't go his way.   On topic: if it were me, I'd want no less than 60% of the company. If I'm fronting 100%, it's *my* risk, while you have zero.
Depending on your perspective of it, I can see reasons for and against this idea. Only with the benefit of hindsight can one say how wise or unwise it is to do so. Earlier in my career, I invested and lost it all. Understand if you do buy when would you be able to sell, do you have to have an account with the underwriter, what fees may there be in having such an account, and would there be restrictions on when you could sell.
First, if your account has been closed you should not be able to use your debit card in any format.  As you mentioned that you are able to use that so your back account is active. So this indicates it is a scam In case account is closed, bank confirms your address and will send you a cheque for the amount in your account.  Don't worry. You money will never be lost
"You will always pay the 10% penalty and the income tax on the money, so even if you withdraw amounts below the taxable limits - you still pay 10% tax. However, you can probably offset that from your Indian tax liability on the money. If you convert it to Roth - you should check with an Indian tax accountant/adviser what the Indian tax treatment would be. It is likely that ""Roth"" advantages are unrecognized by foreign countries, so you may end up paying taxes on both the conversion (in the US) and the distribution (in India). Check with a tax adviser who's knowledgeable about the Indo-US tax treaty and the tax laws in both the countries, this may be trickier than people with no international tax experience may think."
&gt;you can have the exact same scenario I described above in a competing currency system.  Not for a lengthy period of time, or in massive amounts (as we see today).  &gt;Typically the Cantillion Effect has bankers disadvantaged because they get their interest payment after the inflation effects prices. It is the primary loan receiver who gets the best value.  I encourage you to watch this short video, to understand how the transfer of wealth to bankers occurs:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx16a72j__8
"Am I being absurd? No. Should I be worrying? Yes. If I sell in the morning, I've only lost a couple hundred dollars, and   learned a valuable lesson. Is there any reason to believe it won't be   that simple? If you're lucky, you'll be able to dump your stocks to someone like you who'll be punching himself in the face tomorrow night. If not - you're stuck. You may end up selling them to your broker as worthless. You might have become a victim of a ""pump and dump"" fraud. Those are hard to identify in real-time, but after been burned like that myself (for much lesser amounts than you though), I avoid any ""penny"" stocks that go up for no apparent (and verifiable) reason. In fact, I avoid them altogether."
In cases like this you should be aware that tax treaties may exist and that countries are generally willing to enter into them. Their purpose is to help prevent double taxation. Tax treaties often times give you a better tax rate than even being a resident of the countries in question! (For instance, the Italy to US tax rate is lower than simply doing business in many United States)  This should guide your google search, here is something I found for Germany/Spain http://tmagazine.ey.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/2011G_CM2300_Spain-Germany-sign-new-tax-treaty.pdf It appears that the dividend tax rate under that treaty is 5% , to my understanding, the income tax rates are often multiples higher! I read that spain's income tax rate is 18%  So what I would do is see if there is the possibility of deferring taxes in the lower tax jurisidiction and then doing a large one time dividend when conveninet. But Germany isn't really known for its low taxes, being a Federal Republic, the taxes are levied by both the states and the federal government. Look to see if your business structure can avoid being taxed as the entity level: ie. your business' earnings are always distributed to the owners - which are not germany citizens or residents - as dividends. So this way you avoid Germany's 15% federal corporate tax, and you avoid Spain's 18% income tax, and instead get Spanish dividends at 5% tax. Anyway, contact a tax attorney to help interpret the use of the regulations, but this is the frame of mind you should be thinking in. Because it looks like spain is willing to do a tax credit if you pay taxes in germany, several options here to lower your tax footprint.
Interesting. See I thought that it was just me that didn't go to McDonald's and that many other people (the majority) still go. But, no. The reason I don't go is because of the unhealthiness. Now I will go if it's a last resort. After all, I actually like the food! It's good old fast food. I'm noticing all these top comments about the food being terrible and nasty, but I love it. Even though the quality is very poor.
The issue is how likely you will have zero income for six months, and what are your monthly expenses. If you know the maximum medical bill you face that may allow you to save a smaller amount. But you still have to protect for that loss of income. The interuption could be because of job loss, medical emergency, or other family crisis.  If I told you that  the chances you would face a crisis dropped by 50%, would you decide that the need for an emergency fund went away? Or would you still create a fund? I think the need still exists just to avoid the downside if you aren't prepared.
"I don't know if it counts as a formal answer, but Dale Carnegie has  always preached that income is related to how well you treat and get  along with other people. His observation is that the highest paid  people are those with the best people skills, because the ability to  manage other people has higher value than singular ability.  Conversely, people making minimum wage often work ""harder"" than people  making more money.  The old saw about ""work smart, not hard"" is a bit trite. In many  fields, efficiency is valued over ""hard work""."
"In this instance ""quotational"" is a reference to a market price quote, not a mathematical function.  Staunch ""value investors"" like Graham, Dodd, Munger, Buffett et al. believe there is a material difference between what security is ""worth"" and what the current market mood quotes as its price.   You, the investor, perform your analysis then derive a value for a security. If there has been no material change to an aspect of the security you analyzed then there hasn't been a change in that security's value, even if there has been a decline in the price quoted by the market, that is a ""quotational loss."""
"You're hearing alot of talk about housing (and by implication property) not being an investment today because on the downside of a market, the conventional wisdom is to be negative about buying things that have lost value. Just as it was dumb to listen to your coworker about hot .Com IPOs in 1999, it's dumb to listen to the real estate naysayers now. Here's another question along a similar vein: Were stocks a good investment in the spring of 2009?  The conventional wisdom said: ""No, stocks are scary! Buy T-Bills or Gold Bullion!"". The people who made money said: ""Wait a second, Goldman Sachs is down like 75%? IBM is down like 30%, are they going anywhere? Time to buy."" The wrong house is a poor investment in any economy. Buying a house in Detriot in 1970 was not a good move. Buying a house that needs $50k in work, not a good move. Buying a condo with a bankrupt HOA in Florida is not a good idea. But a good house that is well cared for is a great investment.  I'm living in a house right now that is 80 years old, well maintained and affordable on a single income. A similar home a few blocks away sold in May for the same price as we paid in 2006. I'm paying about 20% less than I would for an apartment, and we'll think about moving in 2016 or 2017, by which time I'll probably have put $30-50k into the house. (Roof, kitchen, exterior painting, minor renovation)"
I like Keshlam's answer and would like to add a few notes: While your enthusiasm to invest is admirable learning patience is a key aspect of wealth building and keeping.
"It looks like the HST will be in effect in Ontario on July 1st, 2010.   As to whether it will replace GST with HST for all services, it looks like some sectors may get special treatment: Ontario may exempt mutual funds from HST (National Post).  But it doesn't look final yet. However, I would suggest that most service-based businesses in Ontario need to prepare to start charging 13% HST instead of 5% GST.  It will be the law. On the ""goods"" side of the new harmonized tax, it looks like certain goods will still be exempt from the provincial portion.  Here's a quote from the Ontario Budget 2009 News Release: ""Books, diapers, children's clothing   and footwear, children's car seats and   car booster seats, and feminine   hygiene products would be exempt from   the provincial portion of the single   sales tax."" Here's some additional information on the introduction of the HST, from the province: General Transitional Rules for Ontario HST. And finally, another interesting article from the Ottawa Business Journal: Preparing For Ontario Sales Tax Harmonization – It's Not Too Early  UPDATE: I just received an insert from Canada Revenue Agency included with my quarterly GST statement.  Titled ""Harmonization of the Sales Tax in Ontario and British Columbia"", it contains a section titled ""What this means for you"" (as in, you the business owner).  Here's an excerpt: [...] All Ontario and B.C. registrants would need to update their accounting   and point-of-sale systems to   accomodate the change in rate and new   point-of-sale rebates for the   implementation date of July 1, 2010. The harmonization of the sales tax in Ontario and B.C. may affect the   filing requirements of registrants   outside of these two provinces. Registrants will report their HST according to their current GST filing   frequency. As a result of the harmonization, there will be changes to the rebates   for housing and public service bodies. More information will be released as   it becomes available. Visit the CRA   web site often, at   www.cra.gc.ca/harmonization, for   the most up-to-date information on the   harmonization of the sales tax and how   it may affect you. [...] Last, I found some very detailed information on the HST here: NOTICE247 - Harmonized Sales Tax for Ontario and British Columbia - Questions and Answers on General Transitional Rules for Personal Property and Services.  Chances are anything you want to know is in there."
Most people aren't 'paid pretty darn well' when looking at historical real wages.  This is the result of many things, one being corporate consolidation where any and all efficiencies are passed on to the executives and shareholders.  Meanwhile, your wife's salary has been slowly eroded away for the past 30 years.  I get trying to see the positive side but c'mon man, you gotta wake up.
See my reply above:  &gt; My post has, as of this very moment, 58 votes, with 88% up votes.  &gt; Vocal frustrated and disappointed anti-Trumpers can't change that.  &gt; Anyway, why are you so upset that Trump reduced the debt?  &gt; Maybe you should be happy for this and upset on other things Trump did that are not good? Any of those?
&gt;Nearly 20 years ago in the book Market Wizards, hedge fund manager Michael Steinhardt said the term hedge funds is a misnomer because most funds don’t hedge, and a new name is almost 2 decades overdue. The more apt titles such as Alt In or absolute return funds haven’t seen any traction, so hedge funds seems here to stay. Besides, consider how misnamed mutual funds are. Vanguard is one of the only mutual fund names that remains a mutual ownership structure, so what’s in a name anyway.
The [free local classifieds](http://www.mamoof.com/) are grouped within the publication, on issues such as accounting, automobiles, agricultural products, clothing, sale and rent, etc. This classification of products and services are known as the ads. There are many social bookmarking sites where you can post your classified ads or by manual submission or automated submission no cost to reach millions of potential readers.
I have this problem with my parents.  They have stuff that they inherited or collected, and they have memories of them, and they want their kids to have them.  The problem is, we don't have those memories.  We didn't grow up with the stuff they have now.  So, while it's nice stuff, it's just that: Stuff.  I don't need more stuff.  I have no place to put their stuff.  I can't afford to store their stuff.    It points to the whole issue of materialism. What is the point?  One day you're going to die, and someone else will have to deal with all the stuff you collected.
They still got away with pocketing the cash and I got uhh DSL (shitty limited range technology) and other crummy something or other long distance options!  Fuck MA BELL. Name any phone company, it's still MA BELL. Smaller competitive with someone else company my ass. They're letting it merge back together too.  I still love the day our towns Main Street was being torn up to be repaved. During this little adventure they severed some fiber optic cables. It took out the cell phone network (and ONLY that network). I'll leave that there for someone to attempt to figure out.
It seems like it could be used for the reason stated, but it's hard to escape a more cynical reaction.  If you have a work station and it's assigned to somebody, then you can conclude that it's in use, unless that person is not working. The only way to get new information is by applying these to a series of unassigned work stations, to determine if you have more or less of these than you need.  This just seems like another step towards treating employees more and more like prisoners.
Well if we had a democracy then people are the ones that have to act to keep the government accountable.  But in our society large economic interests have the influence over government so we have a plutocracy. So that's who is getting in the way of the people keeping their government accountable.
"One thing not mentioned is that in so called third world countries, a lot of ""stuff"" isn't actually less expensive.  Food is almost always less expensive, housing is often less expensive, but cars, fuel, computers, smartphones, electronics, brand name clothing, shoes, cosmetics, tools, art supplies, internet service, bicycles, sporting goods and many other consumer items are typically more expensive."
"This is a supplement to the additional answers.   One way to generate ""passive"" income is by taking advantage of high interest checking / saving accounts.  If you need to have a sum of liquid cash readily available at all times, you might as well earn the most interest you can while doing so.  I'm not on any bank's payroll, so a Google search can yield a lot on this topic and help you decide what's in your best interest (pun intended).     More amazingly, some banks will reward you straight in cash for simply using their accounts, barring some criteria.  There's one promotion I've been taking advantage of which provides me $20/month flat, irrespective of my account balance.  Again, I am not on anyone's payroll, but a Google search can be helpful here.  I'd call these passive, as once you meet the promotion criteria, you don't need to do anything else but wait for your money.   Of course, none of this will be enough to live off of, but any extra amount with minimal to zero time investment seems to be a good deal.   (if people do want links for the claims I make, I will put these up.  I just do not want to advertise directly for any banks or companies.)"
Online groceries in Kolkata can put a conclusion to feared treks to the market. There are administrations that ship staple goods the nation over and a few chains utilize nearby conveyance too. This can spare us huge amounts of time, and that itself is justified regardless of its ruler's payment. In any case, can shopping on the web market in Kolkata preserve us cash? Regularly it can.
Tl;dr by anecdata I paid for my master's degree from investments/savings with a HELOC backstop  It appears you don't have the 62k cash needed for tuition and living expenses so your decision is between financing a degree by selling your investments or a loan.   Ultimately this comes down to the yes/no sell decision on the investments.  Some things to consider:
Because I (and no one really) am not going to talk about much in a public, archived place. Even with a username you could never tie to my actual one, there's too much risk. So you get the various bullshit articles, crackpot theories, and college kids because those are the only things that don't matter.
Many people have suggested that the degree's emphasis on financial analysis (1) downplays the management of creative work such as product design, and (2) ignores long-term costs that don't appear on the balance sheet, such as environmental destruction or loss of customer respect.
Buy a car. Vehicle loans, like mortgages, are installment loans. Credit cards are revolving lines of credit. In the US, your credit score factors in the different types of credit you have. Note that there are several methods for calculating credit scores, including multiple types of FICO scores. You could buy a car and drive for Uber to help cash flow the car payments and/or save for your next purchase. As others have suggested, you should be very careful with debt and ask critical questions before taking it on. Swiping a credit card is more about your behavior and self-control than it is logic and math. And if you ever want to start a business or make multi-million dollar purchases (e.g. real estate), or do a lot of other things, you'll need good credit.
As the bank probably told you, a HOA has no assets.  Taking out loans like that is the domain of a co-op, which is a different kind of corporation and residents own shares in a corporation that owns the entire property as an asset. It is probably a bad idea to allow someone to be a guarantor of the loan.  These kinds of things may pop up in an annual audit of the books (why is a particular person being paid a monthly fee?) or may be seen as red flags by banks offering mortgages to buyers in the HOA.
"There's no way to confirm this anecdote I'm about to say tell you guys.  However, I'm a computer programmer.  I went for a job interview a few years ago at a top-tier bank.  When they sat me down for the interview.  They told me that their job was to take a rich person's income and let's say they pay 40% in tax.  They'll move it around so that they pay 20% in tax.  Also, these banks ... a lot of the programmers are earning 550-650 per-day and that's in pound sterling.  These programmers will create a company and pay themselves the lowest salary rate.  So they will avoid as much tax as possible because it's their ""company"".  Those programmers aren't in the millionaire range though.  They're probably just pulling over 100,000 pounds a year taxed at a really low rate.  After working with them ... you can't make any of these guys feel anything."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://cacm.acm.org/news/220768-what-the-industrial-revolution-really-tells-us-about-the-future-of-automation-and-work/fulltext) reduced by 92%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; As automation and artificial intelligence technologies improve, many people worry about the future of work.  &gt; Accountants, lawyers, truckers and even construction workers - whose jobs were largely unchanged by the first Industrial Revolution - are about to find their work changing substantially, if not entirely taken over by computers.  &gt; Rubinstein&amp;#039;s basic assertion, which is that economic theory tells us more about economic models than it tells us about economic reality, is a warning: We should listen not only to economists when it comes to predicting the future of work; we should listen also to historians, who often bring a deeper historical perspective to their predictions.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6yauel/what_the_industrial_revolution_really_tells_us/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~204913 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **work**^#1 **automation**^#2 **people**^#3 **Industrial**^#4 **Revolution**^#5"
"As the European crisis worsened the Swiss Franc (CHF) was seen as a safe currency so Europeans attempted to exchange their Euros for Francs.  This caused the Franc to appreciate in value, against the Euro, through the summer and fall of 2011.  The Swiss government and Swiss Central Bank (SNB) believe mercantilism will create wealth for the citizens of Switzerland.  The Swiss central planners believe that having an abundance of export businesses in Switzerland will create wealth for the citizens of Switzerland as the exporters sell their good and services abroad and pocket a bunch of cash.  Thus, the central planners tend to favor exporters.  From the article: At the start of the year, when exporters urged for government and SNB action, ... The Swiss Central bank continued to intervene in currency markets in 2011 to prevent the CHF from appreciating.  This was done to prevent a decrease in export business.  Finally after many failed attempts they announced the 1.20 peg in September.   The central planners give little consideration to imports, however, since manufacturers in foreign countries don't vote or contribute to the campaign funds of the central planners in Switzerland.  As the CHF strengthened many imported items became very cheap for Swiss citizens.  This was of little concern to the central planners. Currencies are like other goods in a market in that they respond to supply and demand.  Their value can change daily or even hourly based on the continually varying demands of people.  This can cause the exchange rate to rise and fall against other currencies and goods.  Central planners mistakenly believe that the price of certain market items (like currency) should not fluctuate.  The believe there is some magical number that will cause the market to operate ""better"" or ""more correctly"". How does the SNB maintain the peg?  They maintain the peg by printing Francs and purchasing euros."
My car loan, much to my disappointment, was through Wells Fargo. I went to my credit union and refinanced (with a .1% increase of interest) and I feel a lot better about my payments.  In reality, it pays for itself because my credit union is customer-owned, and my dividends offset the extra cost. :)
World Recovery Centers offers a full treatment of substance abuse for adult men and women in the United States and other countries. We provide the best Drug and alcohol detox programs in the world. We can admit of a drug addicted person based upon individual needs as assessed through comprehensive evaluations.  For you and your loved one, we also provide the drug addiction treatment through the web. For any information about drug addiction programs, visit our website.
Congratulations on starting your own business. Invest in a tax software package right away; I can't recommend a specific one but there is enough information out there to point you in the right direction: share with us which one you ended up using and why (maybe a separate question?) You do need to make your FICA taxes but you can write off the SE part of it. Keep all your filings as a PDF, a printout and a softcopy in the native format of the tax software package: it really helps the next tax season. When you begin your business, most of the expenses are going to be straightforward (it was for me) and while I had the option of doing it by hand, I used software to do it myself. At the beginning, it might actually seem harder to use the tax software package, but it will pay off in the end. Build relationships with a few tax advisors and attorneys: you will need to buy liability insurance soon if you are in any kind of serious (non hobby) business and accounting for these are no trivial tasks. If you have not filed yet, I recommend you do this: File an extension, overpay your estimated taxes (you can always collect a refund later) and file your return once you have had a CPA look over it. Do not skimp on a CPA: it's just the cost of running your business and you don't want to waste your time reading the IRS manuals when you could be growing your own business. Best of luck and come back to tell us what you did!
Secura Bags, a division of National Document Shredding is a proud Australian owned and operated shredding service providers who work with companies to ensure secure shredding service. We have years of hands on experience in the industry, visit us now to know more.
I think they say that they show rooms that cost $20-$30 more.  I am guessing that they show DIFFERENT rooms.  It isn't the same room for more; but showing more expensive options to fancy Apple users.  Ubuntu users should get the Japan coffin style options shown :-P
"Here is one ""other consideration"": don't, don't, don't sell based on insider information. Insider trading can land you in jail. And it's not restricted to top executives. Even overhearing a discussion about the current status of the acquisition talks can mean that you have insider information that you legally cannot act on in many jurisdictions. If you are just a regular employee, the SEC will likely not subject your dealings to special scrutiny, especially since lots of your colleagues will likely trade your company's shares at this point in time. And if you definitely hold insider info (for example, if you are intimately involved with the acquisition talks), you will likely have had a very serious warning about insider trading and know what you can and what you cannot do. Nevertheless, it's better to be careful here."
You have to consider that taxes that you pay on the premiums is money definitely paid, while benefits being tax free won't save you a thing if you never receive the benefits.
Guns. Without them, any other conceivable asset would be taken from you. By someone with guns.
How is that a victim mentality?  You are being obtuse. Every business pays taxes.  Why is it a big deal that walmart paid taxes?    &gt; How about Walmart and other large large employers just shut down.  Why are you being stupid?  What does this have to do with anything?  I don't care what companies shut down because other companies will take their market share.  that's how the economy works.
The tax savings of being 1099 can be significant.  It depends on your salary, and what you can deduct.  You may want to consult with an accountant.   The social security tax, for the self employed, is 12.4% of profit not on revenue.  If you can write off more than half of the income as expenses then you could be paying less than a w-2 employee. Also you might make a higher salary as a 1099, it is rare the offer the same compensation for a W-2 as a 1099 as the former has higher expenses for the employer. It is hard to know without actual numbers, actual expected expense deductions and so forth.  Which is why I would suggest consulting with an accountant.  You may want to talk to one in the state where he will be working rather than where you live now.
Yes you are. Trickling down only works when there are enough jobs. All those receptionist that are being displaced by graduates or PA's will try to find a new job.  But the economy isn't very good so career options are limited and the chance of improving your career are slim.  So these receptionists apply to cleaning positions or McDonald.  Cleaning companies might think hey here is someone who has proven to be reliable and being able to communicate with clients. They hire the receptionists. Where do the cleaners go? Not enough jobs = not enough jobs. When you have a comfortable middle class career switching might be an option but for the working class it is almost impossible in a bad economy.
"Eugene Kaspersky warns against danger of cyber war - IT News from V3.co.uk By nortonmed on June 1, 2012 http://www.v3.co.uk/v3-uk/news/2178881/eugene-kaspersky-warns-impending-cyber-threat     Security mogul Eugene Kaspersky has declared cyber warfare as ""the internet's greatest threat.""  Kaspersky believes that cyber warfare has leaped over threats such as cyber crime and privacy issues to become the most dangerous issue facing the web. He spoke at the Australian Cebit convention about the potential damage of cyber super weapons and the future of internet security.  ""Cyber weapons can damage a physical object as badly as a traditional weapon,"" Kaspersky was quoted as saying during his keynote presentation in Sydney.  ""It is a realistic scenario against any country because we all have the same systems. All it takes is the wrong people with the right motives.""  While both the public and private sector have been scrambling in recent years to protect critical infrastructure against cyber attacks, experts have suggested that most hypothetical attacks would likely be limited in scope to a local or regional scale.  Kaspersky argues that the only way to prevent a catastrophic series of attacks in the future would be for countries to come together and sign international pacts against the use of cyber weapons.  ""I'm afraid that there's only one way that they can be protected and that's international agreements against cyber weapons, same as was done with nuclear weapons, chemical weapons and biological weapons,"" Kaspersky said.  Both China and the US showed positive signs for peace when they held cyber security excercises earlier this year in a sign of solidarity.  During his speech Kaspersky pointed to the Stuxnet virus as a barometer for the power of cyber warfare. The highly-sophisticated virus successfullyinfected Iran's nuclear programme and is believed to have caused critical damage to uranium-enrichment equipment"
&gt; What they pay is the market wage by definition.  How are we defining market? Retailers? If so, they pay below market.  Other retailers pay more.  Try and make that fact stick for a second before you reply.  If you define Wal-Mart as it's own market, sure, they pay market wages by definition.  They are, after all, the largest retailer in the USA.  &gt; In which case, why don't they work for one of those other employers?  Low turnover at those other employers.  Workers who are happy leave the company less, thus, less openings for new workers.  &gt; In what way does that force people to work for Wal-Mart? You act like the only way to get a job is to work for them. If you do not like the job that Wal-mart offers you, there is no compulsion to accept it.  Again, real world vs theory.  Look at small towns across the country, where Wal-Mart plops down a superstore right at the annex of the biggest few towns in the area.  Mainstreets can't compete, but the people still live there.  A lot them, all their lives.  Those shop owners know how to do retail, and guess what jobs open up in their areas? Choosing to move somewhere else and uproot your whole life isn't an easy thing to do for those folks.  Taking a job at Wal-Mart to support your family doesn't seem like a terrible option to a lot of them at the time, when it happens.  Heck, people actually get excited about Wal-Mart, thinking they could make manager one day and what have you.  So they do choose to work for Wal-Mart, but really, they have no other choice.  They could just become homeless, yes, that is a choice they could make.  Is it a realistic one? No.  &gt; Workers are not essentially the same - if they were, they would tend to have the same wage.  Didn't you just get done telling me that market wages are set by the market?  You honestly believe that the workers at Costco are inherently more capable of the retail work Costco does and therefore don't work at Wal-Mart, because of their superior skillset?  I worked at Wal-Mart briefly, out of high school.  I was a great worker when I got hired, because I worked for the store remodel team out of Arkansas and they trained me very well.  Then I started working in electronics and had very bad training by the outgoing manager, so I was viewed as a bad worker by the new manager of that department.  Was I bad worker? Not at all, I just wasn't trained well.    Wal-Mart has excellent and fully capable workers in some stores, some areas, etc, and terrible ones in others.  They have a revolving cast of managers, and a lot of the capable ones leave the second something better comes along.  So you have this slipshod management style and training that can be anything, and yes, the more competent people leave.  Why? **Because Wal-Mart pays below market wages and benefits.**  You can find good and bad workers at all retail stores, some with excellent training and some without.  Wal-Mart is a bottom feeder but they employ plenty of good people who just have no other options.  You seem to have this notion that the more 'productive' workers are readily apparent.. why look at this fine lad, he's 20% more productive than the rest of your workers.  It doesn't work like that in real life.  Sorry.
"The Amazon recommendation engine is based on an artificial intelligence framework called Deep Scalable Sparse Tensor Network Engine (DSSTNE), nicknamed ""destiny"". So it is clear that Amazon wishes to control your destiny. Even the books you find yourself reading will be determined by their AI."
"From the oiq website:  ""Notez toutefois que seules les personnes titulaires d’un permis d’ingénieur et inscrites au tableau de l’Ordre peuvent exercer la profession et utiliser le titre d’ingénieur. Les personnes qui ne sont pas titulaires d’un permis d’ingénieur peuvent exercer une activité professionnelle réservée à l’ingénieur par la loi, mais uniquement sous la direction et la surveillance immédiates d’un ingénieur.""  ""Please note, however, that only persons who hold an engineering permit and who are registered on the Ordre board may practice the profession and use the title of engineer. Persons who do not hold an engineer's permit may engage in a professional activity reserved for the engineer by law, but only under the immediate direction and supervision of an engineer.""  http://www.oiq.qc.ca/fr/jeSuis/candidat/pourquoiEtreMembre/Pages/default.aspx"
You will find money in less than an hour!   Today is the day to smile or at least experience a bright spot in your day. Take a few minutes from reading, writing, working or whatever it is that drew you into cyberspace today. Lets find some cash, money, dinero, lout, fat wallet, bulging pocketbook! Maybe by the end of the day you will be shopping , driving a new car, calling a friend with some good news, or at best case scenario negotiating the bottom dollar for the mansion of your dreams.   http://angelabrummer.hubpages.com/hub/Money-for-FREE-in-minutes
"I was told if I moved my 401k into a Roth IRA that school purposes is one reasons you can withdraw money without having to pay a tax. Incorrect.  You will need to pay tax on the amount converted, since a 401(k) is pre-tax and a Roth IRA is after-tax.  It will be added to your regular income, so you will pay tax at your marginal tax rate. is there any hidden tax or fee at all for withdrawing money from a Roth IRA for educational purposes?  You still will need to pay the tax on the amount converted, but you'll avoid the 10% penalty for early withdrawal. I know that tuition, books and fees are covered for educational purposes. Can I take out of my Roth IRA for living expenses while I'm attending school? Rent, gas, food, etc... Room and board, yes, so long as you are half-time, but not gas/food  Possibly only room and board for staying on-campus, but I'm not certain, although I doubt you could call your normal house payment ""education expense"" with my 401k being smaller, would it just be better to go ahead and cash the whole thing and just pay the tax and use it for whatever I need it for? What is the tax if I just decide to cash the whole thing in?  You pay your marginal tax rate PLUS a 10% penalty for early withdrawal.  So no, this is probably not a wise move financially unless you're on the verge of bankruptcy or foreclosure (where distress costs are much higher then the 10% penalty) I can't answer the other questions regarding grants; I would talk to the financial aid department at your school. Bottom line, transferring your 401(k) is very likely a bad idea unless you can afford to pay the tax in cash (meaning without borrowing).  My advice would be to leave your 401(k) alone (it's meant for retirement not for school or living expenses) Ideally, you should pay for as much as you can out of cash flow, and don't take out more student loans. That may mean taking fewer classes, getting another part time job, finding a different (cheaper) school, applying for more grants and scholarships, etc.  I would not in ANY circumstance cash out your 401(k) to pay for school.  You'll be much worse off in the long run, and there are much cheaper ways to get money."
"**Occam's razor**  Occam's razor (also Ockham's razor; Latin: lex parsimoniae ""law of parsimony"") is a problem-solving principle attributed to William of Ockham (c. 1287–1347), who was an English Franciscan friar, scholastic philosopher, and theologian. His principle states that among competing hypotheses, the one with the fewest assumptions should be selected.  In science, Occam's razor is used as a heuristic guide in the development of theoretical models, rather than as a rigorous arbiter between candidate models.  ***  **Hickam's dictum**  Hickam's dictum is a counterargument to the use of Occam's razor in the medical profession. While Occam's razor suggests that the simplest explanation is the most likely (implying in medicine that diagnostician should assume a single cause for multiple symptoms), Hickam's dictum is commonly stated: ""Patients can have as many diseases as they damn well please"". The principle is attributed to John Hickam, MD. When he began saying this is uncertain. In 1946 he was a housestaff member in medicine at Grady Hospital in Atlanta.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot) ^| [^Donate](https://www.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/donate)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28"
Yes, maybe. Sometimes the mother company (that makes the car) covers a bit of the loss that comes from the super-offer loan, so the dealer loses a bit less. But generally, you are right. you should be able to talk them into some rebate that gets you around the given number, depending on how good you are a negotiator (and how urgently they need to sell a car)
There are two main reasons for the difference between these two numbers: While there are a few people that are wildly wealthy, most of the people with more than 10 million have between 10-50 million dollars.  These people shield most of their estate and in the end the tax only effects a small portion of even the wealthy.
It turns out that my logic was faulty. I wasn't aware that RRSP contributions and RRSP deductions are independent. There's no reason to split up my RRSP contributions across the two years. In my original plan, I was going to defer some RRSP contributions until 2017 so that they wouldn't be deducted from my 2016 income. This isn't necessary — nothing is forcing me to deduct the entire RRSP contribution on my taxes this year. I can still follow the plan I described in my question and max out my RRSP contribution this tax year by only deducting part of the contribution on this year's taxes
Regulation D helps regulate the amount of money a financial institution has on hand at any particular time. Savings accounts are not factored into that. Because of that, there has to be a limit on how many withdrawals can occur in order to keep proper classification on the number of transactions.
What does your cash flow look like? If you can comfortably afford to pay the extra cost and ride out the mortgage, it can be a nice investment. Better if you can manage the property yourself and are somewhat handy. Realize you should be able to raise rents over time so that it is cash flow even eventually.    If cash flow is tight, sell it and re-fi your current place
Yep! And /u/msattam, if you're just getting started with learning this stuff...  &gt; So the company, acting in the investors' best interest...  ... while u/S4ndals is correct here in an academic sense, to expand on his point, you'll soon find the mileage to vary quite a bit on this issue in the real world. The vast majority of companies rarely act in the investors' best interest as a whole. It's uhhh, it's complicated.
"&gt; Well, if you only own the option, you are only limited to loosing the premium. With futures, at least with the brokers I talked to, most of the time you need to sign a margin contract just to trade futures. I don't want to go into debt, and I don't think I would do too well to be fairly honest.  This isn't how margin works. Your broker would demand more money before coming back to you.  &gt;  I am a college student, and want to limit my risk  Yet you're talking about things that are very risky, and that you don't take seriously.  &gt;  To me honest, if I had my way I would just buy and hold, and that is the strategy I want to emulate closest  Why aren't you buying and holding equities funds? Why not have your way?  &gt; Basically, I want to avoid debt, but still trade commodities.   ""Margin"" in futures isn't a loan. It's the fraction of the value of a contract you actually pay. There's no borrowing involved.  If you want less risk, don't get the maximum you can, but rather have cash reserves.  You do not sound like you are in a position to be investing in these sorts of instruments at all."
"Ok sure, your homeowners insurance now includes all those things. Floods, hurricanes, terrorism... its also now twice the price. You're on /r/finance, not /r/politics. You should understand that you pay a premium for every risk that you off-lay. It is well known that basic homeowners insurance does not cover floods. If you want it, you can get it. Most people in a non flood-prone area will say, ""I'm willing to take that risk, I'll save $500/yr and not get it"". Would you rather the government just force you to get it?  You just complained about Auto Insurance ""forcing"" you to get uninsured driving insurance. You can't have it both ways."
Sagar Stationary pvt ltd is the Top Sheet Protector Manufacturers In Mumbai which is also the best school stationary suppliers in Mumbai. Sagar Stationary pvt ltd offers the best quality office, school stationary at very effective cost. For more information visit the website: http://www.svsmumbai.in/ or call us at: 9930963767
Yes, I agree.  Systems are everything. I'll need to really understand everything about the business before implementing a good system.   Good tip about designing roles around people and moving them around. It's quite a small business but I'm sure I can be creative regarding role specs, at the very least I could add projects which play to their strengths.
Wall Street Journal's Moneybeat is a good way of keeping up with markets and news etc. They cast about 2/3 times a week.   The Financial Times' Banking weekly is a slightly more in depth view on certain issues, slightly less easy to listen to but good nonetheless.
He was sure upset. From his point of view the government is the end all for everyone. I just can't agree with his implied supposition that the government is totally responsible for Burger Kings success, and therefore they should be ashamed that they don't want to pay more in taxes. There has got to be a compromise on corporate taxes that would prevent such moves in the future. Although Mr. Moyer would probably prefer a state-run Burger King with the courtesy and efficiency of our beloved TSA or IRS.
They made a huge gamble staking the future of their company on an OS with a 3% market share and so far it's not paid off.  I absolutely agree that the advertising for Windows Phone has been awful.  That Nokia commercial embedded in the article is snotty and arrogant.  The Microsoft commercials for the OS are just as bad [Example](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9evyGr57hs).  Basically, their strategy is to say that their entire target demographic (smart phone users) are idiots.  Why would they think that would go well?
The problem with John Carter was the lack of a solid fanbase to appeal too. The series is old and the comic books are not that great to warrant any pop culture appeal. Now had they explained more about the storyline (and picked a different lead) in the marketing campaign they might have gotten more people interested. Probably the weakest Disney marketing I've ever seen.
A parent company may own 70% of a subsidiary, and the remaining 30% is owned by someone else. Now the parent company has a controlling stake, so it can use the subsidiary's assets as it wishes, so the parent company can report 100% of the subsidiary's assets on the parent's balance sheet. Now here lies the problem, how can they report 100% of the assets when it only owns 70% of the subsidiary? That correction is the minority interest.
To tackle such problems, there are several companies that have been providing quality beds for their customers. These products are very popular among the people because of their quality and thousands of people are purchasing these products from all over the world. Since the commencement of Internet, many things have evolved alongside. They provide Ottoman with Sleeper.
"You have many alternatives to the funds you mentioned. It is actually very unusual for ETFs to have such high denominations. Possible alternative: iShares IVV What would you recommend I do with $1000? A diversified index fund is a great equity investment for the long run but might be considered ""boring"" by newcomers who think of equity markets as something more exciting. Maybe add a share or two, small ones, just to show the differences to the fund. This wouldn't be called wise investing but it certainly would have an educational effect. Except if this money is all you saved for your daughter, then don't gamble any of it."
"I have all of those. My lawyer is reviewing the engagement letters with the capital advisors, and has spun up the CPA/tax lawyer. We are engaging the right people at the right times.  However, I'm curious to see what a loan proposal looks like at the $100 million level. I'm not looking for Redditors to represent me with the banks, I'm looking to see if anyone on Reddit happens to have a copy of (or know where to find one) a loan proposal from a large corporation for a similar amount of money.  For example, when we sold a division of the company, I evaluated the pitch decks that our consultants made against the pitch decks made/released by tech firms. While the metrics are all largely different, it was a useful exercise to be able to see if we were at least in the ""ballpark"" of a deck that was considered successful."
Two ways to solve this.  Look at the answer. If the answer says 3 months, then using ceiling for similar questions. You have to act according to the exam conventions, not according to own feelings. Whether or not the answer is reasonable and applicable in real life is out of the question.  Ask yourself, did the investment double after 14 years 2 months? i.e. FV >= 2PV. Does a person who ran 99.72 meters in a 100-meter dash counted as touching the finish line?
Overpriced, servers are always pissy, no actual sports on the TV'S (ESPN talking heads shows on 90%), average wings. There are at least 10 bars or restaurants with better wings and atmosphere in my city. I'll never go to a BWW again.
It might some but I'd wager it pushes the short-term rental pricing down (like hotels) while pushing the long-term rental and housing market prices up.    If landlords can make way more in short-term rentals they are going to do that and limit the supply of long-term.  The tourism sector may have increased revenue but by what extent I don't know.  I'd wager that exploding rent and housing prices will negate any benefits for most residents and may end up costing them much more.  This is why I think you should only be able to do it on your primary residence.  Unless you want to be regulated like a hotel because if you have short-term rentals that you don't reside in, that is effectively what you are.  Not being regulated the same as a hotel at that point only gives you an unfair loophole advantage to other short-term rentals.
What do most people say that disappoints you?  I think I would say that I wanted to keep myself prepared and up to date while job searching and that my goal is to eventually become a charter holder.  Do you know if regional banks employ many analysts that are charter holders?
You should start by making a written complaint to the insurance company itself. You have two angles of attack: What was discussed when she was sold the policy. Make sure you set out exactly what you believe you were told and highlight that they didn't ask about commuting (assuming that's the case). Ask them to preserve any recordings they have of the call and to send you a copy. The nature of the journey where the accident happened. From the description - unless it was part of a journey to and from work - there's no good reason for them to classify it as commuting. Make sure you make good written notes now of anything that happened verbally - phone calls etc, and keep doing this as the process goes along. If that written complaint doesn't work, your next step is to go to the Financial Ombudsman, who are a neutral adjudication service. If the Ombudsman doesn't support your case, you could go to court directly, but it'll be expensive and a lot of effort, and by this stage it'd be unlikely you would win. The Ombudsman's rejection wouldn't count against you directly, but it'd be a strong indication that your case is weak. See https://www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk/en/articles/making-a-complaint-about-an-insurance-company for a more detailed walk-through.
They will make money from brokerage as usual and also from the interest they charge you for lending you the money for you to buy your shares on margin. In other words you will be paying interest on the $30,000 you borrowed from your broker. Also, as per Chris's comment, if you are shorting securities through your margin account, your broker would charge you a fee for lending you the securities to short.
Freeze this vermin' assets and that of his family and go after the extended family too... There has to be grave consequences to this kind of scheming and theft. His.punishment should serve as a warning to others.  I hope all Americans are taking notice of the kind of.crooks that have and are holding office.
"Note - this is a complicated topic. I've read the rules multiple times and I'm still not sure I understand them perfectly. So please take this with a pinch of salt and read the rules for yourself. The time(s) at which a test is done against the LTA are known as a ""Benefit Crystallization Event"" (BCE). There are 13 of these (!) - they're numbered 1-9 with the addition of some extras numbered 5A-D. However, the most important ones for those with defined contribution pensions are: Broadly, the idea is that a BCE occurs when you start taking money out of your pension, and when you reach age 75. Each time one happens, the amount you are taking out (""crystallizing"") gets compared against the LTA and a certain percentage of your LTA gets designated as being used. Crystallising doesn't necessarily mean you actually receive the money immediately, just that some of your money is switched into a mode where you can start receiving it in different ways. The rules are designed to avoid double counting, so broadly anything that was taken off your LTA won't be taken off a second time. The cumulative use of your LTA is tracked as a percentage rather than an absolute amount, to take account of any changes in the LTA between the different times you crystallise money. For example if you crystallise £100K when the LTA is £1mn, that's 10% of your LTA gone. If later on the LTA has risen to £1.1mn and you take out £110K, that's another 10%. Once you hit 100%, you start paying a LTA charge on any excess. The really simple path here is if you just get an annuity with your entire pot, before hitting age 75 (and you don't make any further pension contributions after). Then only BCE 4 applies: your pension pot, all of which is being used to buy the annuity, is compared with the LTA. After this point your entire pension pot is considered to be crystallized, so no more BCEs will apply - the tests at age 75 only apply if you still have money that you haven't taken out or used to buy an annuity. The annuity payments themselves will be subject to income tax at your normal rate at the time you receive them, i.e. 0%, 20%, 40% or 45% depending on how much other income you have. In reality most people would want to take 25% of their pot as a lump sum at the same time as buying an annuity, given that it's tax-free if you're under the LTA. At this point BCE 6 applies in addition to BCE 4, but again the overall effect of the test is pretty simple, look at the total pension pot (lump sum + cost of annuity), and if it's under the LTA you're fine. Again, at this point no more BCEs will apply as all the money is considered to have been fully distributed. If you only use part of the money for an annuity/lump sum, then only that part of the money is compared against the LTA, and the rest stays in your pension and will be compared later. The 25% limit for a tax-free lump sum applies to the total you are taking out at that point: if you have £200K and are taking out £100K, you can take out £25K as a tax-free lump sum and use £75K for the annuity. The other £100K stays in your pension. Many people see annuity rates as very low and will want to take on more risk (and reward) by using ""Drawdown"" for at least part of their pension. Essentially, you can designate part of your pension for drawdown, and at that point BCE 1 applies to the money you designate. Once designated, you can start drawing the money out as income, which will be taxed at your normal income tax rate at the time you receive it. Again, you can take 25% as a lump sum at this point which will be subject to BCE 6. There's also an alternative route where you put everything into ""flexi-access drawdown"" without taking any lump sum immediately, and then as you actually withdraw income, 25% is tax-free and the rest is taxed as income. The overall effect is the same, but it gives you more control over when you get the tax-free bit. However, because with drawdown you can actually leave the money in your pension and growing tax-free, there's a further test against the LTA at age 75 under BCE 5A. To avoid double-counting (""prevention of overlap""), the amount left in the drawdown fund at that point is reduced by whatever was previously tested against BCE 1. So if you put £150K into drawdown initially, and it's grown to £200K by age 75, then another £50K will crystallise under BCE 5A. I think that if you put £150K into drawdown initially and it grows by £50K, but you take that out as income so that only £150K (or less) remains at age 75, then the amount crystallising under BCE 5A is nil. Also, when money is in drawdown, you can choose to use it to buy an annuity. BCE 4 is applied at this point (if before age 75), but as with BCE 5A, this is reduced by anything that was previously crystallised under BCE 1. If you only use some of it to buy an annuity, the reduction is pro-rataed, e.g. if you started out with £150K moved into drawdown, and later it has grown to £200K and you use £100K to buy an annuity, then the reduction is £75K so £25K is considered to have crystallised under BCE 4. Once you reach age 75, as well as any money that's still in drawdown, anything you haven't yet crystallised at all gets tested against the LTA under BCE 5B. Broadly, once you go over the LTA, the charges are simple: There's never any explanation given for these two rates, but I think it's all based on trying to at least cancel out the benefit you got from using your pension, on the assumption that: So with the 25% charge + 20% income tax, if you take out £100, you'll end up with £75 gross income, so £60 net income - just the same as if you'd originally paid 40% tax. (This ignores the effect of investment growth, but if you would have saved the £60 in an ISA, the end result is the same: if you had growth of say 50% over the time the money was in your pension, it'll be the same effect if you had £100 growing to £150 and now received 60% of it, or if you had £60 growing to £90 untaxed in an ISA.) The 55% lump sum charge is in case you are paying 40% tax when you take it out, to make sure that it's not a more attractive option than the 25%+income tax: if you have £100, either you get £45 tax free via a lump sum, or you get £75 gross and hence £45 net. I haven't covered lots of cases here: defined benefit pensions. Roughly, when you start receiving the pension, 20x the initial income from the pension is deemed to crystallise under BCE 2 and any lump sum you receive crystallises under BCE 6. In the former case, you could end up having to pay the LTA charge with money you haven't actually got yet, and you can ask the pension administrator to instead reduce your pension to pay it. However, there are lots of special cases for defined benefit pensions, mostly for historical reasons, so you should make sure you check with your pension administrator about this. if you die before age 75, at which point the LTA test is applied via either BCE 5C/5D, or BCE 7. After paying the LTA charge if any, your dependents or whoever else you leave it to gets the remainder tax-free. transferring overseas (BCE 8). ""scheme pensions"" under BCE 2 and BCE 3 (I think these are relatively uncommon) some corner cases covered by regulations (BCE 9)"
I'd add, this is actually the way any stock opens every day, i.e. the closing price of the prior day is what it is, but the opening price will reflect whatever news there was prior to the day's open. If you watch the business news, you'll often see that some stock has an order imbalance and has not opened yet, at the normal time. So, as Geo stated, those who were sold shares at the IPO price paid $38, but then the stock could open at whatever price was the point where bid and ask balanced.   I snapped a screen capture of this chart on the first day of trading, the daily charts aren't archived where I can find them. This is from Yahoo Finance. You can see the $42 open from those who simply wanted in but couldn't wait, the willingness of sellers to grab their profit right back to what they paid, and then another wave of buying, but then a sell-off. It closed virtually unchanged from the IPO price.
Give them cash and watch how the violent ones start robbing houses to steal others’ money.   P.s poor people are good at managing money. They know the value of each cent. They are bad at managing big amounts. Thats why you give them $1000 over a year instead of lump sum of $50.000 f.e
If you lease a car, you are paying for the depreciation of a certain number of miles, even if you don't actually use those miles.  Since you know you will be well under the standard number of miles when your lease is up, and you already know that you want to keep the car, buying is better than leasing.
"That sucks, I liked his first and second books (the only ones I've read). I was still in my late teens, and RDPD was the first personal improvement (or personal financial improvement if you must) book I've ever read. It really got me hooked on the whole personal improvement thing, and on fixing my then-abysmal financial situation. It had a ton of good advice, and I still use it to this day. It's a very good primer book, to help you let go of the worker bee mentality, and pick up the businessman mentality. To anyone who wants to start a business and has no prior experience with ""making money,"" it's still the first book I would recommend. It's extremely easy to read, and most of the advice is solid. The guy (forgot his name, he has an entire site about it) who goes around criticizing Kiyosaki on his ""bad advice"" is actually dead wrong on a lot of his points. Not all, but enough to make me not take him seriously. Not ALL the advice in the book is perfect, mind you, but most of it is very good, and hence the book is a good one overall. You can read it in a day or two (or even an evening), and it really gets you hooked on making money - you can then channel that enthusiasm into harder, longer and more detailed books. Worked for me."
"The difference it makes is in the magnitude of risk difference people will need in order to overcome the amount they're paying to keep their money ""safe"".    For example, if someone charged me $100 to keep $10,000 of my money ""safe"", such that I felt very very confident in getting $9,900 back at the end of a year, I might go for that if the only alternatives are to move it somewhere where there's a good chance I get less than $9,900 back at the end of a year.  In short, I might feel I lose less by paying that -1% interest rate."
I believe the bigger overall risk is debt is going to become more expensive. Interest rates are going to increase. This added cost to consumers will slow down the economy. I don't believe it will be economic crisis but definitely will weeken our credit driven economy.
According to the Illinois Department of Revenue, you don't have to file any taxes that are specific to a LLC, only your personal taxes. LLC on Federal level is disregarded, instead you submit all your business income/expenses on Schedule C. On the state level - it seems to be the same (only individual tax return). Consult your state certified tax specialist. That is not the case in other states, for example in California LLC has to file its own tax return and pay its own taxes, in additional to the individual taxes.
Just because pricing isn't tracked, doesn't mean the dollar price is not backed up by oil (they are others factors involved, of course). But the very fact that OPEC, the worlds largest oil cartel, currently only trade in dollars, effectively means that everyone who wants oil needs dollars to buy it. Therefore, to function in modern global economy, dollars are always needed regardless of exchange rates or interest rates on bonds. In reality the amount debt the US has backed up against its currency wouldn't hold for any other country, apart from US, with its petrodollar status.
Anyone with a background in finance should have been well aware that the government would swoop in with a bailout of the major banks. Such a scenario was even discussed in money and banking textbooks pre financial crisis.   Since I have no excess cash,  and wad in senior year of college, I was unable to capitalize on that, but I did invest in the banks in market simulating games 😁
According to duplex builders this term is popular across the globe, but more prevalent in Australia and they are generally constructed with the view of accommodating elderly relatives who are dependants, but don’t want to shift to an old-age home because the family doesn’t want them to shift.
Even Gold lost 1/2 of it's value between 1980 and 2000.   You would not have fared well if you retired during that period heavily invested in Gold. http://www.usagold.com/reference/prices/history.html You said yourself that one can not foresee what the future will bring. At least IRA's force you to into dollar cost averaging, whereas if your money was outside of a retirement account, you might be tempted to speculate. -Ralph Winters
"There are 2 different things, As per IT Act, one can get ""Medical Reimbursement"" upto Rs 15,000 which is tax free. The way it is supposed to work is an employee submits bill and employer will ""Reimburse"" upto Rs 15,000. So if one does not submit any bills, he does not get any money. If the employer has given the employee Rs 15,000 without any bills, it would have been taxed as per the tax bracket. In practise all employer factor the Rs 15,000 in the salary to the employee. If bills are submitted, then its tax free. If bill are not submitted, partially submitted, the difference is paid as ""Allowance"" and hence becomes taxable. Apart from above there is section 80D that provides additional rebate. Upto Rs 15,000 when health insurance is taken. Upto Rs 5,000 for Health checkup. Hence if you submit the details to your employer you will get rebate in tax, on Rs 5,000 it would be Rs 1,500/-. You would not get ""Reimbursement"". I should mention 20,000 under medical expenses Nope both are under different section as such you should declare these separately."
The SEC requires that they register with the SEC due to having more than 500 shareholders.  With that comes public reporting and all kinds of regulatory compliance.  At that point it is more of a practical necessity to follow through with an IPO, even though it is not a legal one.  http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2011/11/29/facebook-may-be-forced-to-go-public-amid-market-gloom/
From a long-term planning point of view, is the bump in salary worth not having a 401(k)?  In this case, absolutely. At $30k/year, the 4% company match comes to about $1,200 per year.  To get that you need to save $1,200 yourself, so your gross pay after retirement contributions is about $28,800.   Now you have an offer making $48,000.  If you take the new job, you can put $2,400 in retirement (to get to an equivalent retirement rate), and now your gross pay after retirement contributions is $45,600.   Now if the raise in salary were not as high, or you were getting a match that let you exceed the individual contribution max, the math might be different, but in this case you can effectively save the company match yourself and still be way ahead. Note that there are MANY other factors that may also be applicable as to whether to take this job or not (do you like the work? The company? The coworkers? The location? Is there upward mobility? Are the benefits equivalent?) but not taking a 67% raise just because you're losing a 4% 401(k) match is not a wise decision.
"if we tried that in the usa we'd get a bunch of social conservative shitlords whining about male and female roles and the death of american values  of course we should do it like canada. it makes 1,000% sense to do it like canada. but some conservative moron somewhere will milk the issue for ""concern"" for ""traditional family"" and a horde of douchebags will buy into the ignorance"
&gt; help them save money  I believe they should also focus on brand loyalty (PR), more than cutting costs.  The whole FBI and Apple thing.. the way Mr. Cook handled that, made me like Apple a whole lot more.  Things like that can inspire loyalty.  &gt;  A better quality control   Also this.  I rented Scarface, some random TV show and Batman Begins through Netflix's DVD service about a year and a half or two years ago. I ordered these DVDs at different intervals over these 2 years..  And every single time the DVD was unwatchable. Scratched, skipping etc.  I'm not bashing Netflix, I have no idea what it takes to pull off what they do. But still.  I don't believe Netflix can justify raising prices. I'm pessimistic about Netflix as a company to be honest. I just don't see them lasting longer than say Blockbuster did.  Blockbuster 2.0  2042, i'm calling it now.  ***  **EDIT: Like with Netflix, they have virtually no competition in the DVD-in-the-mail thing. Amazon tried. Blockbuster tried. But we all know Netflix pioneered it. They have an *edge*. I don't understand why they don't focus in on what got them to where they are now,**  **Instead of making TV shows no one really cares about or having another Adam Sandler Shows that no one likes.**  **How many times have you heard a 23 or 24 year old go on social media and praise a Netflix show beyond Orange Is The New Black, Breaking Bad or Weeds?**
By mentioning Half-Life 3 you have delayed it by 1 Month. Half-Life 3 is now estimated for release in Nov 3453. ___ ^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^this ^action ^was ^performed ^automatically. ^To ^disable ^WIHL3 ^on ^your ^sub ^please ^see ^/r/WhenIsHl3. ^To ^never ^have ^WIHL3 ^reply ^to ^your ^comments ^PM ^'!STOP'.
"That ain't nothing.  It's really easy to get ""whipped up"" into a sense of entitlement, and forget to be grateful for what you do have.  If this house doesn't exist, what would his costs of housing be elsewhere?  Realistically.  Would landlords rent to him? Would other bankers lend him money to buy a house? Would those costs really be any better?  What about the intangible benefits like not having any landlord hassles or having a good relationship with the neighbors?  It's entirely possible he has a sweet deal here, and just doesn't make enough money.  If your credit rating is poor, your housing options really suck.  Banks won't lend you money for a house unless you have a huge ton of upfront cash.  Most landlords won't rent to you at all, because they are going to automated scoring systems to avoid accusations of racism.  In this day and age, there are lots of ways to make money with a property you own.  In fact, I believe very firmly in Robert Allen's doctrine: Never sell.  That way you avoid the tens of thousands of dollars of overhead costs you bear with every sale. That's pure profit gone up in smoke.  Keep the property forever, keep it working for you.  If he doesn't know how, learn.  To ""get bootstrapped"" he can put it up on AirBnB or other services. Or do ""housemate shares"".  When your house is not show-condition, just be very honest and relatable about the condition.  Don't oversell it, tell them exactly what they're going to get.  People like honesty in the social sharing economy.  And here's the important part: Don't booze away the new income, invest it back into the property to make it a better money-maker - better at AirBnB, better at housemate shares, better as a month-to-month renter. So it's too big - Is there a way to subdivide the unit to make it a better renter or AirBnB?  Can he carve out an ""in-law unit"" that would be a good size for him alone? If he can keep turning the money back into the property like that, he could do alright.  This is what the new sharing economy is all about.  Of course, sister might show up with her hand out, wanting half the revenue since it's half her house.  Tell her hell no, this pays the mortgage and you don't!  She deserves nothing, yet is getting half the equity from those mortgage payments, and that's enough, doggone it!  And if she wants to go to court, get a judge to tell her that.  Not that he's going to sell it, but it's a huge deal. He needs to know how much of his payments on the house are turning into real equity that belongs to him.   ""Owning it on paper"" doesn't mean you own it.  There's a mortgage on it, which means you don't own all of it.  The amount you own is the value of the house minus the mortgage owed.   This is called your equity.   Of course a sale also MINUS the costs of bringing the house up to mandatory code requirements,  MINUS the cost of cosmetically making the house presentable.   But when you actually sell, there's also the 6% Realtors' commission and other closing costs.  This is where the mortgage is more than the house is worth.  This is a dangerous situation.  If you keep the house and keep paying the mortgage all right, that is stable, and can be cheaper than the intense disruption and credit-rating shock of a foreclosure or short sale.  If sister is half owner, she'll get a credit burn also. That may be why she doesn't want to sell.  And that is leverage he has over her.  I imagine a ""Winter's bone"" (great movie) situation where the family is hanging on by a thread and hasn't told the bank the parents died.  That could get very complex especially if the brother/sister are not creditworthy, because that means the bank would simply call the loan and force a sale.   The upside is this won't result in a credit-rating burn or bankruptcy for the children, because they are not owners of the house and children do not inherit parents' debt."
You Americans have got to start understanding that tax is NOT theft. And while I applaud the notion of never increasing taxes at a rate higher than inflation, the idea of reducing park maintenance so that rich residents don't have to face a very slightly higher rates bill is an effective demonstration of what's wrong in America today.  It's not just about YOU. You are a member of a community, and you must contribute to that community in whatever portion is required in order to assure the smooth running of the community.  And the lovely thing is, if you don't like the way it's being run, you can get yourself elected, *and change it*.
&gt; Productivity can increase, but it doesn't have to. Productivity can remain the same but if you've got two people competing for one job they bid wages lower since even a lower wage is better (up to a point in welfare state) to no wage at all.  But, regardless of decreases in wages, productivity should still increase since there are more people working. On a fundamental level, labor and capital combine to create products. If you add more potential labor, and keep capital constant, you'll only have the same number of products being produced if increase in potential labor isn't used. Since unemployment hasn't increased to compensate for women entering the work force there should be more goods produced.
"Yeah... I think what's missing here is that Amazon is an ABSOLUTE last resort place to work.  After my experiences with them, I would just leave the industry and go hang drywall before I'd work there.  There's a lot getting lost in this ""50,000 jobs"" thing- these aren't shovel ready jobs, these are jobs that Amazon would likely just NOT FILL if they couldn't find exactly the right people.   The AVERAGE tenure for an Amazon engineer is ONE YEAR.  People hate working there, and nobody plans on staying long.  They are the most dangerous and toxic workplace in the country right now, and whatever formula they have for extracting value from human misery had better stay locked up in the vault with the KFC recipe, or everyone in this business is screwed. This is where you go work for a year after school, get burnt, and use the skills to go find a better place to work.  Think FoxConn, not ""cool startup with perks"". There ARE some cities who could benefit from this, but I think they're the least likely to get this.  So far California offers the best mix of talent and tax incentives so far, IMO.  Whoever gets this will probably not benefit, in any way. That's how Bezos operates.  This will flood your city with 50,000 dumb ass 22 year olds who don't care about spending 60% of the income on rent(because this is the first time they've paid it!), don't have time for life outside of work, and who plan on quitting when the lease is up.  If you're an Uber driver of a Condo tower builder, you'll benefit."
First thing you need to do is  to find out whether your landlord  will accept credit card payments.  If yes, then I recommend you to try the easiest method first. Pay rent though a rent payment service.  So, you need to log in with rental service and then chose the credit card using which you would like to pay rent and schedule your rent payments.
"I don't think it was ""just to monetize the franchise further"" at all by a long shot.  I genuinely believe that Lucas wanted to tell the back story.  Say what you will about it, some parts of episodes 2-3 were good."
&gt;Mark Zuckerberg doesn't seem to think we can or should isolate and alienate 50% of the population because of their support of a political candidate, which I, the author, and Hastings seem to share a criticism of.   You mean alienate 26% of the population? (Probably less now, that was his support at election day.)   &gt;Zuckerberg misses the point. Support of Trump has always been unpalatable to most on the left but now it's unforgivable.   He's also unpalatable to pretty much every real fiscal conservatives, nothing about hum is fiscally conservative.  &gt;Pressure from all sides to erode his support is exactly what we should be doing; Facebook is one of the most powerful tools available in this effort.   Amen.
"While the question is highly subjective as you noted, putting extra money will of course save you interest payments, it depends on how much ""enjoyment"" is worth now. I would suggest you to not be overly aggressive as you might dig yourself a ditch, your minimum monthly payments might get adjust upwards if some of these loans are student loans as it might seem you have a higher degree of disposable income to play with. Be aggressive in paying them off but not to aggressive, I also think the interest is tax deductible. What it really comes down to is, how much more interest do you want to pay them for enjoyment now, 50 months is not long its just north of 4 years. I'd say if you think you can put 800 extra towards them, don't. Instead if it were me I would put an extra 400 towards the highest until its paid and then take the 400 plus the monthly minimum and add that to the next highest and keep the other 400 for a rainy day, you will still get paid off quick but will leave yourself some scratch if necessary."
Wire transfers are the best method.  Costs can vary from $10 to $100 or more, depending on the banks and countries involved.  There's rarely any saving using the same bank, although HSBC may have reduced charges if you have Premier accounts in both countries (for a one-off transaction, it may not be worth the effort to open an account). However, that cost is insignificant compared to your possible losses on the currency exchange.  Assuming your money is currently in Hong Kong Dollars (HKD), it will need to be converted to US Dollars (USD). One place where it could be converted is at your Hong Kong bank.  You'll get their retail rate. Make sure you are aware of the rate they will use, and any fees, in advance.  Expect to pay around 2-3% from the mid-market rate (the rate you see quoted online, which doesn't fluctuate much for HKD-USD as the currencies are linked). Another place where the currency could be converted is at your US bank.  You really don't get any control over that if it arrives as HKD and is then automatically converted into your USD.  The rate and fees could be quite poor, especially if it is a minor US bank that has to deal with anther bank for foreign currency. For amounts of this size, it's worthwhile using a specialist currency conversion company instead.  Currency Fair in Ireland is one.  It's a peer-to-peer exchange that is generally the best deal (at least for the currency pairs I use).  You wire the money to them, do the exchange on their site at a rate that is much closer to 0.5% from the midrate, then the money is transferred out by wire for a few dollars.  Adds a few days to the process, but will possibly save you close to US$1000.  Another established option is Currency Online in New Zealand. There are probably also specialist currency exchange companies in Hong Kong. The basic rule is, don't let the banks exchange currencies at rates that suit them, use a third party that offers a better rate and lower fees.
"One alternative to bogleheadism is the permanent portfolio concept (do NOT buy the mutual fund behind this idea as you can easily obtain access to a low cost money market fund, stock index fund, and bond fund and significantly reduce the overall cost).  It doesn't have the huge booms that stock plans do, but it also doesn't have the crushing blows either.  One thing some advisers mention is success is more about what you can stick to than what ""traditionally"" makes sense, as you may not be able to stick to what traditionally makes sense (all people differ). This is an excellent pro and con critique of the permanent portfolio (read the whole thing) that does highlight some of the concerns with it, especially the big one: how well will it do in a world of high interest rates?  Assuming we ever see a world of high interest rates, it may not provide a great return. The authors make the assumption that interest rates will be rising in the future, thus the permanent portfolio is riskier than a traditional 60/40.  As we're seeing in Europe, I think we're headed for a world of negative interest rates - something in the past most advisers have thought was very unlikely.  I don't know if we'll see interest rates above 6% in my lifetime and if I live as long as my father, that's a good 60+ years ahead. (I realize people will think this is crazy to write, but consider that people are willing to pay governments money to hold their cash - that's how crazy our world is and I don't see this changing.)"
Quote driven markets are the predecessors to the modern securities market. Before electronic trading and HFTs specifically, trading was thin and onerous.  Today, the average investor can open up a web page, type in a security, and buy at the narrowest spread permitted by regulators with anyone else who wants to take the other side. Before the lines between market maker and speculator became blurred to indistinction, a market maker was one who was contractually obligated to an exchange to provide a bid and ask for a given security on said exchange even though at heart a market maker is still simply a trader despite the obligation.  A market maker would simultaneously buy a large amount of securities privately and short the same amount to have no directional bias, exposure to the direction of the security, and commence to making the market.  The market maker would estimate its cost basis for the security based upon those initial trades and provide a bid and ask appropriate for the given level of volume.  If volumes were high, the spread would be low and vice versa. Market makers who survived crashes and spikes would forgo the potential profit in always providing a steady price and spread, ie increased volume otherwise known as revenue, to maintain no directional bias.  In other words, if there were suddenly many buyers and no sellers, hitting the market maker's ask, the MM would raise the ask rapidly in proportion to the increased exposure while leaving the bid somewhere below the cost basis.  Eventually, a seller would arise and hit the MM's bid, bringing the market maker's inventory back into balance, and narrowing the spread that particular MM could provide since a responsible MM's ask could rise very high very quickly if a lack of its volume relative to its inventory made inventory too costly.  This was temporarily extremely costly to the trader if there were few market makers on the security the trader was trading or already exposed to. Market makers prefer to profit from the spread, bidding below some predetermined price, based upon the cost basis of the market maker's inventory, while asking above that same predetermined cost basis.  Traders profit from taking exposure to a security's direction or lack thereof in the case of some options traders. Because of electronic trading, liquidity rebates offered by exchanges not only to contractually obligated official market makers but also to any trader who posts a limit order that another trader hits, and algorithms that become better by the day, market making HFTs have supplanted the traditional market maker, and there are many HFTs where there previously were few official market makers.  This speed and diversification of risk across many many algorithmically market making HFTs have kept spreads to the minimum on large equities and have reduced the same for the smallest equities on major exchanges. Orders and quotes are essentially identical.  Both are double sided auction markets with impermenant bids and asks.  The difference lies in that non-market makers, specialists, etc. orders are not shown to the rest of the market, providing an informational advantage to MMs and an informational disadvantage to the trader.  Before electronic trading, this construct was of no consequence since trader orders were infrequent.  With the prevalence of HFTs, the informational disadvantage has become more costly, so order driven markets now prevail with much lower spreads and accelerated volumes even though market share for the major exchanges has dropped rapidly and hyperaccelerated number of trades even though the size of individual trades have fallen. The worst aspect of the quote driven market was that traders could not directly trade with each other, so all trades had to go between a market maker, specialist, etc.  While this may seem to have increased cost to a trader who could only trade with another trader by being arbitraged by a MM et al, paying more than what another trader was willing to sell, these costs were dwarfed by the potential absence of those market makers.  Without a bid or ask at any given time, there could be no trade, so the costs were momentarily infinite. In essence, a quote driven market protects market makers from the competition of traders.  While necessary in the days where paper receipts were carted from brokerage to brokerage, and the trader did not dedicate itself to round the clock trading, it has no place in a computerized market.  It is more costly to the trader to use such a market, explaining quote driven markets' rapid exit.
&gt;Americans have this blind faith in American car companies.   More like they use to, not any more.  They arguably have more faith in the Asian car brands because of the quality alone.  I mean just look at Kia/Hyundai who improve their cars and people buying their cars so much that Toyota see's them as a major threat.
Your best bet is to talk with a banker about your specific plans.   One of the causes of the housing crash was an 80/20 loan.  There you would get a first for 80% of the value of a home and 20% on a HELOC for the rest.  This would help the buyer avoid PMI.  Editorially, the reason this was popular was because the buyer could not afford the home with the PMI and did not have a down payment.  They were simply cutting things too close. Could you find a banker willing to do something like this, I bet you could. In your case it seems like you are attempting to increase the value of your home by using money to do an improvement so the situation is better.  However, sizable improvements rarely return 100% or more on investments.  Typically, I would think, the bank would want you to have some money invested too.  So if you wanted to put in a pool, a smart banker would have you put in about 60% of the costs as pools typically have a 40% ROI.   However, I bet you can find a banker that would loan you 100%. You don't seem to be looking for advice on making a smart money decision, and it is difficult to render a verdict as very little detail is supplied about your specific situation. However, while certain decisions might look very profitable on paper, they rarely take into consideration risk.
To aid mobile users, I'll link small subreddits not yet linked in the comments  /r/excel: Discussing and answering questions about Microsoft Office Excel  --- ^I ^am ^a ^bot ^| [^Mail ^BotOwner](http://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=DarkMio&amp;subject=SmallSubBot%20Report) ^| ^To ^aid ^mobile ^users, ^I'll ^link ^small ^subreddits ^not ^yet ^linked ^in ^the ^comments ^| ^[Code](https://github.com/DarkMio/Massdrop-Reddit-Bot) ^| [^Ban](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=SmallSubBot&amp;subject=SmallSubBot%20Report&amp;message=ban%20/r/Subreddit) ^- [^Help](https://www.reddit.com/r/MassdropBot/wiki/index#wiki_banning_a_bot)
The implication is we don't even have to build houses or make cars to get 6%, you just take it out of their wallet directly. For a business subreddit this whole thread is nothing but butthurt debtor faggotry.
http://www.russellsage.org/sites/default/files/real-purchasing-power-large_0.jpg  Source for my information... This was cited by a Business Insider article as well as pew...   http://www.thepeoplehistory.com/1968.html  In 1968 the apartments cost average was $130, this is the equivalent of $925in 2016  http://www.saving.org/inflation/inflation.php?amount=130&amp;year=1968  Currently, it looks like the national average is about 970, only slightly higher...  http://www.deptofnumbers.com/rent/us/  Therefore, I do believe a $10 an hour minimum wage would more than compensate for increased rents equivalent to the precedent set in 1968....
Most US states have rules that go something like this: You will almost certainly have to pay some registration fees, as noted above.  Depending on how you organize, you may or may not need to file a separate tax return for the business. (If you're sole proprietor for tax purposes, then you file on Schedule C on your personal Form 1040.)  Whether or not you pay taxes depends on whether you have net income.  It's possible that some losses might also be deductible. (Note that you may have to file a return even if you don't have net income - Filing and needing to pay are not the same since your return may indicate no tax due.)  In addition, at the state level, you may have to pay additional fees or taxes beyond income tax depending on what you sell and how you sell it. (Sales tax, for example, might come into play as might franchise taxes.)  You'll need to check your own state law for that. As always, it could be wise to get professional tax and accounting advice that's tailored to your situation and your state.  This is just an outline of some things that you'll need to consider.
Like @chirs, I'm of the opinion that you might want to buy more. I've done this a couple of times, price dropped a bunch, and I said, heck, I bought some last week, and this week I can get twice as much stock for about the same price. Brought down my average cost per share, and when the company was taken private, I actually didn't lose money - unlike some other people I know, who only bought at one price, watched the drop, and held on awaiting a recovery (which didn't happen in time before the big money swooped in on it). But to do this, you need to keep cash reserves (that, like @afforess says, you can afford to lose all of) on hand, awaiting buying opportunities.  This, too, is a cost - an opportunity cost.
Good. A free press is not an excuse to blatantly lie and panick monger based on public irrationality and ignorance. PepsiCo et al. could/should take the lesson to heart with GMOs, stupid consumers and lying media companies should lead companies to stand up for their products, now cower and back down.
One of the most time-consuming activities performed in the Finance function involves the processing, categorisation and cost allocations of expenditure items. In a larger department this is a regular process requiring dedicated staff, and increases in intensity at period end, when it can often absorb additional resource.  The key objective of this process for the business is a fair and correct distribution of expense allocations for each business unit, so that true costs may be recorded and profitability accurately assessed. It is also important to be able to compare actual expense allocations with budgeted values, on a monthly and year-to-date basis, in order to spot issues and trends early and to support efficient cost control. https://www.accountagility.com/solutions/cost-allocation-and-expense-allocation/
"There could be a few reasons for this, my first guess is that you didn't report the distribution on your return (indicated on line 15 of your 1040, pictured below), the IRS got a copy of the 1099-R, and assumes it's all taxable (or maybe the 1099-R indicates the full amount is taxable). If a 1099-R doesn't have an amount populated for 'taxable amount' it doesn't mean the distribution isn't taxable, and without any indication that it's not taxable the IRS assumes it is. It's not taxable if it's a withdrawal of your contribution. Here's a snippet from How to Calculate the Taxable Amount of an IRA Withdrawal: Withdrawals from a Roth IRA Since Roth IRA contributions are made on   an after-tax basis, qualified withdrawals are completely tax-free. A   ""qualified"" Roth withdrawal includes the following: If your 1099-R indicates a taxable amount, then you might need to contact the issuer to understand why. If it does not indicate a taxable amount and you failed to record the distribution on your return, you just need to file an amended return that shows the distribution on line 15a and shows no taxable amount on 15b along with a completed Form 8606.  You may not need additional documentation to support of your claim that it's not taxable, but if you do it would be any statement showing that your contributions over the years exceed your withdrawal. What a 1040 with a non-taxable IRA withdrawal would show:  Note: There'd also be a completed Form 8606, the 1040 lines above just show if it was entered in. The easiest path forward is probably to file an amended return using turbotax since you filed with them originally. I haven't dealt with an IRS letter in a few years, I can't recall if you need to contact them or simply file the amended return, but they're pretty good about including instructions so the letter probably indicates what you need to do. Don't delay in taking action, as the IRS can and will garnish wages if they are owed (or think they are owed) money.  Update: OP contacted IRS and they didn't even want an amended return, just the completed Form 8606, so it's worth calling the IRS first with these letters."
&gt; Economics is not hard science.   Thousands of researches and books written on the topic, and you summed it all in one sentence. Brilliant...you are unbelievable, the depth of your ignorance knows no bounds. This country is being ruined by people like you.
Before I answer, you should know a few things about me. I've paid to get into a couple of Network-Marketing/Multi-Level-Marketing franchises, and I made a little money in it. I have worked in financial services sales. I later went on to get my Masters in Business Administration. I've been there, and I know MLMs and Business in theory and practice. There's room for some nuance here, but for the most part: Don't do it! There's no snake oil out there that people can't get on their own. If you can sell it to them, then here's the simple case against it: if you're a good enough salesman to get other people to buy products or franchises from you (and really, you don't care about product sales, you care about franchise sales, because that's how they sold it to you, right?) you can make far more money selling business to business.  If you're a good enough sales manager that you can get good salespeople to buy franchises from you and sell more franchises, you'll make far more money managing salespeople selling business to business.  For the most part, people aren't good at sales, and that likely includes you. Most MLM's are sales groups with bad salespeople leading bad salespeople. It's the blind leading the blind. And as your friends get burned, and your family gets burned, and you start losing everyone who got burned, you'll start to wish you had never done this stuff in the first place. The main reason the above holds true is that the people involved in MLM don't really create any value. They're looking to get a free ride on everyone else in the pyramid beneath them.  There are exceptions, the main ones that come to mind are like Mary Kay, where, ok, mostly women, makeup artists teach women how to apply makeup without looking like a clown, and it's a skill, and it's part of how they create value. And it may well be the best option for someone whose chosen career is a makeup artist. I'm not particularly an exception, but at the age of 17, I sold books door-to-door in Southern Mississippi, mostly to teach myself how to talk to people, since I had grown up with my nose in a book. It turned out that the business was structured like a MLM to encourage the salespeople to become managers, but I had no interest in that, I just wanted to learn people skills. I also blew a couple hundred bucks on franchise fees on other MLMs, mostly because friends were in it - never did I see that money ever again.  Sales is hard work. Teaching people how to sell is even harder, and impossible if you don't know how. If you're good at it, you'll do so much better in a business to business setting. Think about the economics of it. Salespeople get paid on volume of sales. Businesses have a lot more money than consumers. You have to sell to an awful lot more consumers than businesses to make the same amount of money. Think about competition, too. Considering Amway? You're competing with everyone from Walmart to the corner convenience store, and you will be asking everyone and their brother to join up. And many of them have already been pitched it, if they've been around long enough. The bargaining strength of your customers (they have lots of alternatives) and suppliers (their over-priced pricing structure is set in stone) is pretty strong. You have immense direct competition and product substitutes, and anyone else can go into the same business as you. Your competitive position is extremely weak. It's almost guaranteed to fail. You probably don't have the skills, you'll burn your relationships, and you'll make more money doing almost anything else.
Pro-tip: managers hate to keep expensive cars on their books because expensive cars=more depreciation=bad margins. However, if you call the branch a day in advance/the morning of your reservation and mention that you are interested in coverages and upgrading to something sporty, you will instantly become a VIP for agents and managers that are desperate to boost sales numbers. They will do everything they can to track down whatever car you want. When you arrive, simply decline the coverages you don't want, and negotiate (seriously, negotiate) a fair price for your upgrade.
Yes I would be pissed, NO someone should not go to jail just because I am pissed and they made a horrible negligent decision with money that people trusted to them.  Someone *should* go to jail if they broke a law. From your description, it sounds like they did. I'm still not convinced though until you can tell me where these strict regulations are and what they say.
"Your plan already answers your own question in the best possible way: If you want to be able to make the most possible profit from a large downward move in a stock (in this case, a stock that tracks gold), with a limited, defined risk if there is an upward move, the optimal strategy is to buy a put option.  There are a few Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) that track the price of gold.  think of them as stocks that behave like gold, essentially.  Two good examples that have options are GLD and IAU. (When you talk about gold, you'll hear a lot about futures.  Forget them, for now.  They do the same essential thing for your purposes, but introduce more complexity than you need.) The way to profit from a downward move without protection against an upward move is by shorting the stock.   Shorting stock is like the opposite of buying it.    You make the amount of money the stock goes down by, or lose the amount it goes up by.   But, since stocks can go up by an infinite amount, your possible loss is unlimited. If you want to profit on a large downward move without an unlimited loss if you're wrong and it goes up, you need something that makes money as the stock drops, but can only lose so much if it goes up.   (If you want to be guaranteed to lose nothing, your best investment option is buying US Treasuries, and you're technically still exposed to the risk that US defaults on its debt, although if you're a US resident, you'll likely have bigger problems than your portfolio in that situation.) Buying a put option has the exact asymmetrical exposure you want.   You pay a limited premium to buy it, and at expiration you essentially make the full amount that the stock has declined below the strike price, less what you paid for the option.   That last part is important - because you pay a premium for the option, if it's down just a little, you might still lose some or all of what you paid for it, which is what you give up in exchange for it limiting your maximum loss. But wait, you might say.  When I buy an option, I can lose all of my money, cant I?  Yes, you can.    Here's the key to understanding the way options limit risk as compared to the corresponding way to get ""normal"" exposure through getting long, or in your case, short, the stock: If you use the number of options that represent the number of shares you would have bought, you will have much, much less total money at risk. If you spend the same ""bag 'o cash"" on options as you would have spent on stock, you will have exposure to way more shares, and have the same amount of money at risk as if you bought the stock, but will be much more likely to lose it. The first way limits the total money at risk for a similar level of exposure; the second way gets you exposure to a much larger amount of the stock for the same money, increasing your risk. So the best answer to your described need is already in the question:   Buy a put.  I'd probably look at GLD to buy it on, simply because it's generally a little more liquid than IAU. And if you're new to options, consider the following: ""Paper trade"" first.  Either just keep track of fake buys and sells on a spreadsheet, or use one of the many online services where you can track investments - they don't know or care if they're real or not. Check out www.888options.com.  They are an excellent learning resource that isn't trying to sell you anything - their only reason to exist is to promote options education.   If you do put on a trade, don't forget that the most frustrating pitfall with buying options is this:  You can be basically right, and still lose some or all of what you invest.  This happens two ways, so think about them both before you trade: If the stock goes in the direction you think, but not enough to make back your premium, you can still lose.  So you need to make sure you know how far down the stock has to be to make back your premium.  At expiration, it's simple: You need it to be below the strike price by more than what you paid for the option. With options, timing is everything.  If the stock goes down a ton, or even to zero - free gold! - but only after your option expires, you were essentially right, but lose all your money.  So, while you don't want to buy an option that's longer than you need, since the premium is higher, if you're not sure if an expiration is long enough out, it isn't - you need the next one. EDIT to address update: (I'm not sure ""not long enough"" was the problem here, but...) If the question is just how to ensure there is a limited, defined amount you can lose (even if you want the possible loss to be much less than you can potentially make, the put strategy described already does that - if the stock you use is at $100, and you buy a put with a 100 strike for $5, you can make up to $95.   (This occurs if the stock goes to zero, meaning you could buy it for nothing, and sell it for $100, netting $95 after the $5 you paid).   But you can only lose $5. So the put strategy covers you. If the goal is to have no real risk of loss, there's no way to have any real gain above what's sometimes called the ""risk-free-rate"".  For simplicity's sake, think of that as what you'd get from US treasuries, as mentioned above. If the goal is to make money whether the stock (or gold) goes either up or down, that's possible, but note that you still have (a fairly high) risk of loss, which occurs if it fails to move either up or down by enough.  That strategy, in its most common form, is called a straddle, which basically means you buy a call and a put with the same strike price.  Using the same $100 example, you could buy the 100-strike calls for $5, and the 100-strike puts for $5.  Now you've spent $10 total, and you make money if the stock is up or down by more than $10 at expiration (over 110, or under 90).   But if it's between 90 and 100, you lose money, as one of your options will be worthless, and the other is worth less than the $10 total you paid for them both."
The shopping cart is probably the worst bit, although the cutting was obviously sloppy. I find that Vice produces good content sometimes, but their website is horrendous. There's frequently writing overlaying images with colors that blend or clash. At first,  I thought that my extensions were breaking the design, but after whitelisting it every way possible I have come to the conclusion that whoever designed it for them was not a professional. It's simply bad.
&gt; Why are people defending this?  Because it obfuscates the root cause and potentially damages the impact of what lessons are to be learned from this breach.  There is a constant tug of war between what security recommends and what an organization ultimately decides to deliver.   Implementing security is a delicate balance between what can be done and what should be done while keeping in mind cost, site usability and ease of development.  Users want quick responses and ease of use, developers want everything in a big sandbox and security wants to wall off everything.     Security teams generally do not implement changes required to meet sound policy.  They'll recommend, monitor and report on issues, but for all we know the security team did it's job and recommended data isolation when engineering the site and robust patch management for all application and OS components, while monitoring and reporting these potential threats to their operational counterparts.  That means nothing if the rest of the organization doesn't commit to making security a priority.     To condemn her for her degree without knowing how well she did her job is not just wrong, it's *imprecise*.  Whether it be her incompetence or an organizational culture of ignoring security in favor of expedience and cost, I think it's worthwhile to hold off on judgement until we know the full story.
I used Oanda.com for Forex trading a couple years ago. I am in the US but I think it's available in the UK as well. At the time, they had no commissions and their spreads were comparable or better than other brokers. The spreads would just quite considerably when a big event like a Fed meeting or the unemployment figures come out, but I suspect that that is the same everywhere (or they have constant spreads and reject trades).  They did not push the high leverages like other brokers were at the time. I considered this to be very reputable, because though the profits to be gotten through 100:1 leverage are great advertising, the reality is that one unexpected spike and a newbie would lose a bunch of money in a margin call.
"&gt; Reminder from history: Bill Clinton signed a contract with NK and even gave them nuclear reactors ""to prevent NK from having nuclear weapons!"".  Yes, that was a *brilliant* move by Clinton!  North Korea started its wildly-expensive nuclear weapons program *after* Clinton's Pentagon war-gamed a nuclear first strike on North Korea. So in response, the North Koreans sought a nuclear deterrence.  Clinton, realizing he pushed North Korea too far, back tracked and came up with that brilliant agreement.  The agreement sought to have North Korea replace their old, heavy-water nuclear reactors with US ""light water"" nuclear reactors that are much more resistant to being used to generate weapons-grade nuclear material. And not only did the deal have a non-proliferation angle, but it locked North Korea into buying reactor support from US/western countries, thus giving us more influence/power over North Korea.  North Korea was eager to do the deal, because they saw it as creating better relations with the US, and more importantly, with their new reactors North Korea saw themselves being an energy supplier to China's massive economy.  But the problem was that North Korea needed to cover an ""energy shortfall"" -- a shortage created by the time gap between shutting down their old heavy-water reactors and the time the new light-water reactors would be built. So Clinton's agreement covered that gap by shipping North Korea fuel to generate electricity until the new reactors were done.  But then George Bush seized power in the rigged 2000 presidential election.  One of Bush's first acts was to stop the fuel shipments to North Korea and thus break the Clinton agreement.  North Korea, needing electricity ASAP, logically re-started their heavy-water reactors.  And then Bush trashed North Korea for restarting their reactors. When Bush attacked Iraq in a cold-blooded war of aggression based on lies and called North Korea part of some looney-tune ""Axis of Evil,"" North Korea responded by withdrawing from the Non-Proliferation Treaty and developed nuclear weapons.  North Korea's response was sane and logical.  &gt; Do you really believe that Iran will not have nuclear weapons?  Multiple Iranian religious leaders have stated that WMD are an insult to god. Considering that the legitimacy of Iran's government is based on religion, there would be serious political blowback if they changed that position.  Given that Iran has *repeatedly* called for a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East -- but the US and Israel refuses that call -- it would not surprise me at all if Iran developed a nuke.  Under any concept of ""defense"" or ""nuclear deterrence"" Iran is fully justified in developing nukes. If we don't like that, we should abide by international law and the Non-Proliferation Treaty and *abolish our and every other country's nuclear weapons.*  Edit: Typos."
"He did a great job. If you want a great and really entertaining lesson on all of this that is written in a very similar style, from the ""return to the gold standard"" viewpoint, check out the book *How an Economy Grows... And Why It Crashes* ([animated intro here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78a84qbT5-w)). It's a humorous book with lots of cartoons that starts with three guys on a deserted island catching fish with their hands. One day one goes hungry one day out of two to spend time building a net. This creates a surplus of fish in his hut, which in turn become currency for what eventually becomes a future world superpower that looks surprisingly like the US, complete with a federal reserve run by Ben Barnacle (Bernanke)."
"When you buy a house, the real estate agent or title company normally draws up a big sheet with all the costs and payments involved. There are typically two columns: one for amounts paid to or paid by the seller, and another for amounts paid to or paid by the buyer. Who is responsible for what is a legal question: this is pretty fixed. But it's very common for the seller to agree to pay some portion of the buyer's closing costs. In any house sale I've ever been involved in, whether as buyer or seller, nobody bothers to say which costs the seller is agreeing to pay. Rather, the seller just agrees to a number. Then somewhere on the sheet of costs there will be a line that says ""closing costs paid by seller"" or some such wording, and then it shows a minus to the seller and a plus to the buyer. (Or something equivalent, depending on how the sheet is organized.)  The amount is negotiated. When you make an offer, you'll say whatever numbers you are prepared to offer, like ""I offer to pay $100,000 for the house, seller to pay $3,000 of closing costs"". And whatever other conditions, seller to repair the leak in the roof, whatever. It makes sense for the seller to pick up some share of the closing costs, because the seller normally walks away with cash in hand while the buyer is struggling to come up with enough cash to make a down payment and pay all the closing costs, i.e. the seller probably can afford to give up some cash while the buyer may be struggling to come up with cash. The only costs I can think of that I've had before closing day are, (a) Earnest money. (b) Inspection. (c) Credit check or application fee to bank. Earnest money is applied to the purchase price at closing, so it's pretty much a moot point. The application fee is a potential deal-breaker. I've never heard of a seller agreeing to pay this, but I guess they could. But if you can't get the loan, you probably won't buy the house, so the seller would be out money for nothing.  Everything else is normally paid on closing day. They total up all the costs and all the money floating around and at the end the seller gets one check that is the net of everything and the buyer writes one check that is the net of everything, and the realtor or title company deals with getting the money to the right people. So there's normally no issue of paying things as they come up. You do it all at once."
The main difference is that the ISA account like a Cash ISA shelters you from TAX - you don't have to worry about Capital Gains TAX. The other account is normal taxable account. With only £500 to invest you will be paying a high % in charges so... To start out I would look at some of the Investment Trust savings schemes  where you can save  a small amount monthly very cost-effectively - save £50 a month for a year to see how you get on. Some Trusts to look at include Wittan, City Of London and Lowland
There is also no support in management. Her boss is is doing the standard lazy manager bullshit. He/she prolly knows that your boss is an asshole and simply lacks the courage/conviction to do anything. You will lose know matter what here. Leave. Now.
Borrowing Wikipedia for a bit, it seems like the intrinsic uses are these. I've ordered these approximately in technology-level order: The importance of any of these uses largely depends on the state of a civilization and the level of technology of that civilization. However, most of these applications have far cheaper substitutes available.
For the same reason you wanted it when you bought it. No-one guarantees that you'll be able to sell the stock you hold, and in fact many people get stuck with stocks they'd like to sell, but no-one is buying. But if investors think there's a profit potential that is not exhausted yet - they'll want to buy the stock.
"Here's what you do without, on the negative side, just for balance: A bill: When I last had comprehensive insurance, it cost something like 3-4% of the value of the car per annum.  (Obviously ymmv enormously but I think that's somewhere near the middle of the range and I'm not especially risky.)  So, compared to the total depreciation and running costs of the car, it's actually fairly substantial.  Over the say 10 years I might keep that car, it adds up to a fair slice of what it will take to buy a replacement. Financial crisis costs: I don't know about you, but my insurance went up something like 30% in recent years, despite the value-insured and the risk going down, said by the insurer to be due to market turmoil.  So, at least hundreds of dollars is just kind of frictional loss, and I'd rather not pay it. Wrangling with the insurer: if you have insurance and a loss, you have to persuade them to pay out, perhaps document the original conditions or the fault, perhaps argue about whether their payment is fair.  I've done this for small (non-automotive) claims, and it added up to more hassle than the incident itself.  Obviously all insurers will claim they're friendly to deal with but until you actually have a big claim you never know. Moral hazard: I know I'm solely responsible for not having my car crashed or stolen.  Somehow that just feels better. Free riders: I've seen people ""fudge"" their insurance claims so that things that shouldn't have been covered were claimed to be.  You might have too.  Buy insurance and you're paying for them. Choice: Insurers are typically going to make the decision for you about whether a claim is repairable or not, and in my experience are reluctant or refuse to just give you the cash amount of the claim. (See also, moral hazard.)  Do it yourself and you can choose whether to live with it, make a smaller or larger repair, or replace the whole vehicle with a second hand one or a brand new one, or indeed perhaps do without a vehicle. A distraction: Hopefully by the time you've been working for a while, a vehicle is not a really large fraction of your net worth.  If you lose 10% of your net worth it's not really nice but - well, you could easily have lost that off the value of your house or your retirement portfolio in recent years.  What you actually need to insure is genuinely serious risks that would seriously change your life if they were lost, such as your ability to work.  For about the same cost as insuring a $x car, you can insure against $x income every year for the rest of your life, and I think it's far more important. If I have a write-off accident but walk away I'll be perfectly happy. And, obviously, liability insurance is important, because being hit for $millions of liabilities could also have a serious impact.   Coverage for mechanical failures: If your 8yo car needs a new transmission, insurance isn't going to help, yet it may cost more than the typical minor collision.  Save the money yourself and you can manage those costs out of the same bucket. Flexibility: If you save up to replace your car, but some other crisis occurs, you can choose to put the money towards that.  If you have car insurance but you have a family medical thing it's no help. I think the bottom line is: insure against costs you couldn't cope with by yourself.  There are people who need a car but can just barely afford it, but if you're fortunate enough not to be in that case you don't really need comprehensive insurance."
Try to find the P/E ratio of the Company and then Multiply it with last E.P.S, this calculation gives the Fundamental Value of the share, anything higher than this Value is not acceptable and Vice versa.
Lots of countries *have* printed themselves away from debt. Not all inflation turns into a death spiral like Zimbabwe (or Weimar Germany) did, for that you need to have a really shitty economy that no-one believes in.  The problem with Japan right now is that they are trying to print their debt away, but as they do so, their currency *appreciates*. Gold medal for the first one who manages to explain that one.
"Although this isn't related to homes directly, as an IT professional I know that wind power tends to be cost effective to the point that many data centers (the massive buildings holding the servers that are the backbone of the internet) actually invest in their own wind turbines to slash costs since servers tend to be power hogs. As far as going ""off the grid"" that ultimately depends on how much wind/sun you're getting at your residence, but if you look at places like Dallas, PA, CA, and other areas where  the major hosts place centers, they're typically in areas where there's plenty of sunlight or wind. Going back to small scale thinking however, one of my contacts actually leases a colocation building in PA where he has a few server racks, and while he currently has electric there, he also owns a couple of turbines which have been powering <60% of the demand, and he's actually planning to add solar and also feed that back to the grid at a profit. So overall wind/solar definitely has the potential for a decent ROI, at both large and small levels, but performance will vary greatly from area to area.  I know that Lowes actually started advertising about carrying solar panels, so going in and asking about the performance and if you can arrange an audit of your home might be a good place to start. If you Google ""green audits"" I'm sure you can find a trillion companies ""specializing"" in green power, but as with any sales rep (including at Lowe's) I'd do some due-diligence so you don't get taken for a ride, and also to check references because I don't think ""green audit"" companies have any official certifications/standards."
I think there are multiple mafia's involved. Clinton mafia, deep state mafia, and various fiefdoms within the kingdom. Trump is a wildcard. He sees his job as ripping out the old mafia and installing a new mafia, which is loyal to him. The only way to destroy the mafia, is with a mafia. There is always a mafia in control, but during a changeover, the people get glimpses of what is really going on.  I believe that Trump knows he is insane. Clinton does not have this level of self awareness, and that actually makes her more dangerous.  I am not FOR Trump; I am for a wildcard, and change, and the glimpse of what is going on behind the curtains.
I will not use an iPhone with the current screen size and wasted space around the screen. If someone gave me an iPhone I wouldn't use it let alone pay for one. They are soo outdated compared to even the S4, not to mention the S5. I actually chuckle to myself when people pay money for them. Apple should be giving them away like they are flip phones.
"Square use SSN to verify identity, and they only ask for the last 4 digits for that purpose. If she entered the full SSN - then she entered it into the tax id field, which was a wrong thing to do. It is also worth mentioning that since you mentioned a ""business partner"" that ""should have taken care of taxes"" that you should have a tax adviser whose job would be to take care of taxes and ensure that your interests are well-represented. I would suggest not to try interacting with the IRS on your own. Hire a tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State) to do that. That tax adviser will be able to fix the problem (there are different ways of doing it, depending on the circumstances) and also verify that the business taxes were properly taken care of. When dealing with business partners - assume that what they've ""supposedly"" did was not done, until you see it with your own eyes. Saying that ""Supposedly, her business partner took care of all tax issues"" means, in this case, that you've been caught with unreported income that you tried to conceal. It is your (your sister's...) responsibility to prove otherwise. It is a very weak defense when the IRS comes knocking on the door for their money."
You are paid hourly? I would have expected most IT people to be on salary Depends what your boss is like, he might be easy going and just give a raise if you ask for it. Failing that, do some self improvements, learn something new, take a course, maybe take some PHP certifications or even java certifications? Then at least you can say you're trying to move up In regards to pay, have a look on monster or some US job sites, at jobs similar to what you do and with the similar requirements, that should give you an idea of what you should be on. If all else fails, find a new job, that is always a good way of  moving up Hope this helps
&gt; Instead we give money to banks, tax breaks for the already wealthy, and then deregulate finance when the problem seemed to stem from deregulation and non-enforcement.  What deregulation? There is no deregulation in the banking sector. The fact that the banks got bailed out with taxpayer dollar is proof that the market is far too regulated; failed banks are not allowed to fail! You cannot possibly have a *more* regulated market than that.   We need to deregulate the market, therefore letting shitty banks fail.
Original text: http://sci-hub.io/10.2105/AJPH.2017.303982  Most of these were speaking fees. In addition, 'payments' includes any transfer of value. If a pharma company rep buys a doctor a coffee, they're classed as paying them. Same thing if they sponsor a lunch at a conference. That's where the 1 in 12 figure comes from.  Most of the money is from speakers fees, which is limited to a very small subsection of doctors.
You elected to defer paying taxes by contributing to an IRA. Lawmakers simply want to make sure that they collect those taxes by requiring you to either withdraw the money (incurring a tax liability) or pay a penalty (tax).
"In my experience (in the US), the main draw of check-cashing businesses (like ""CheckN2Cash"" is that they will hold your check for a certain period of time.  This is also known as a ""payday loan"".  Rather than bringing them a check someone else has written you, you write them a check yourself, postdated, and they pay you the amount on the check less their fees, and agree not to cash the check until a future date.  So if you don't have the money right now but you need it before your next payday, you visit a check-cashing business and get the money, and it'll be withdrawn from your account after your next paycheck."
No it is not. If you are able to afford the EMI on the gold loan, just increase the EMI on your home loan and you will save more. Example: If your home loan EMI is say 65000, and the EMI for 10 lacs Gold loan is 15000, increase the Home loan EMI to 80000....
From a slightly different perspective, in my experience of buying a house you will find some unexpected costs due repairs that need to be made which were overlooked during the home inspection etc. You will need some financial cushion to fall back onto for these unexpected costs so for that reason alone I'd try to pay off as much of the credit card debt as I can.
Investing in property hoping that it will gain value is usually foolish; real estate increases about 3% a year in the long run.  Investing in property to rent is labor-intensive; you have to deal with tenants, and also have to take care of repairs.  It's essentially getting a second job. I don't know what the word pension implies in Europe; in America, it's an employer-funded retirement plan separate from personally funded retirement.  I'd invest in personally funded retirement well before buying real estate to rent, and diversify my money in that retirement plan widely if I was within 10-20 years of retirement.
About 3.87% annualized, actually. But hey, let's get a head start and since the DOW is a price-weighted average, we could swap out the lowest priced stocks on the DOW (i.e. Pfizer and Cisco) with Berkshire Hathaway A shares and Amazon. Presto! The DOW is dumb.
"Meh. Do you know how many tens of millions pieces of sensitive information the Gov has 'lost' and nobody batted an eye? LOL.. even the NSA, CIA, etc ""lost"" ungodly amounts of sensitive information and nobody paid attention. Lol but a private company does it and they will be made an example of (as they should) lol but it's like the pot calling the kettle black"
There's a difference between funding and paying. We will build it and then either sell them the energy created from the solar panels or levy against monies being sent to Mexico. However the money is recouped it is a penalty for their failure to police their border towns and stop the influx of drugs along with illegal immigrants. The cost of social benefits for illegal immigrants alone will recoup the cost in one year. I can get you sources for that math too or you can just google it.
Can't tell you where to go for a good policy, but I can tell you that most brokers make a hefty commission out of your payments for at least a year before you even start funding the tax sheltered investment account that you're trying to buy under the umbrella of life insurance. You'll have to do a lot of homework to hunt down a reputable discount broker or a direct policy purchase from the insurance company. Life insurance requires insurable need. The description is vague enough, that you can probably still get the account despite being a single male with no apparent heirs to benefit, but it raises the question of why you are buying the insurance. Whole life policies require you to maintain a certain ratio of investment to premium payment and you will likely never be able access all of the money in the account for your own personal usage. Compare several policies from several brokers and companies. Read all the critical sources you can about the pitfalls and dangers of commissions, fees and taxes eating the benefits of your account. Verify that the insurance company you buy the policy from is financially stable after the market crash. You are paying a commission to pool your money into their investment fund, and if your insurer goes under, you'll have to get a portion of your money (possibly only the principle) back from the state insurance commissioner. Some companies sold pretty generous policies during the bubble and have cut their offerings way down without fixing their marketing literature and rosy promises.  Finally, let us know what you find. It never hurts to see hard numbers and to run multiple eyes over the legalese in these contracts.
While I might have to agree with PiratesSayARRR from below about missing case details, I have to say, your math seems to check out to me. Although the numbers aren't rouded off and pretty, they back out. $22,285.71 generates $334.28 of fees in a month; subtract from that the monthly cost of funds (.003333 x $22285.71)= $74.28... $334.28-74.28 = $260.00. Hate to say it, but maybe they didn't hire you for a different reason?
I find it amazing that someone would think the way to disarm someone, from the only weapon that scares the shit out of you, is to threaten them?  In what fucking Morons mind does that balance out.  I have a novel idea, something that has never been tried and truly worthy of a Nobel prize in its brilliance and innovation.  Try shutting the fuck up.  Its 0 risk
"Along with the commercials for ""frog"" protection from Discover, most credit card issuers provide fraud protection and zero liability for any unauthorized purchases. As was mentioned in one of the comments, many issuers also will allow temporary ""virtual cards"" that can be used in places that may not appear to be as reputable.  Depending on the type of pre-paid card you are using, you're likely paying some form of a fee for it, and you're certainly not taking advantage of the benefits that a credit card can provide, cash back being a big one. There are no annual fee cards out there that get 2%  cash back on every purchase."
You said the decision will be made by EOD. If you've made the decision prior to the market close, I'd execute on the closing price.  If you are trading stocks with any decent volume, I'd not worry about the liquidity.  If your strategy's profits are so small that your gains are significantly impacted by say, the bid/ask spread (a penny or less for liquid stocks) I'd rethink the approach. You'll find the difference between the market open and prior night close is far greater than the normal bid/ask.
This is a really good point. The only caveat I'd make here is that junior professionals at investment banks / management consulting firms (let's call them analysts) generally have absolute no agency over their schedules, which is stressful and definitely impedes one's ability to have a social life.
"good for fucking them. what happened to the times when people like that were respected? people used to see a Rolls Royce and say ""damn some day i want to be that successful."" People used to want to be that. now everyone sees that same rolls royce and thinks ""what an asshole, I should get the money he worked his ass off for."" as they sit on a couch, jobless, dirty, and lazy. want to change that stat? go out and get yours. dont let someone else control your time on this world. Life isnt fair. get used to it. Seize the day, go out and make your life what you want it to be."
PressPlay by Mark Thompson and Matt Callen is sure to be the top software to help internet marketers create top quality video sales landing pages or letters (VSLs). I like it because it is a template and fill in the blank based setup. This makes it very user friendly that even a newbie like me can use it.
There are also low-risk money markets to invest into.  With that kind of long-term savings plan I'd look into those first for the investment factor. I used one like this so that I had the flexibility to either use it for a down payment on a house or school.  And make sure to name a new  administrator in your will if you want to make sure the intent is upheld.
I don't think it's hard but definitely not easy either. It is very time consuming. The hardest things is about how to apply the abstract strategies as example link building. You will learn the difference between links, how to get a backlink and etc. The problem is that you need most of the times to be creative and make your own strategy because sometimes that same strategy that you learn won't work in this case. So because of that I believe you need a good amount of knowledge to know how to adapt and always make the most efficient strategy for that case.   Digital marketing have a lot to learn and different niches. I would suggest you to pick one (SEO, SMM, PPC, SEM, email marketing, content marketing, video producing, Youtube marketing, influencer marketing, reputation management and more..) Those one are some of the most popular but we have way more and many niches inside them.  What I suggest is to choose one of them and found a good source of knowledge to learn. The problem to learn by yourself is that it will take time to filter what is good and what is not. And mostly people will give you a bad but baiting content in order to sell you something in this market. So be careful with scammers.  Hope it helped.
Yes this would be the same as when a corporation sells bonds. If it is the same as you describe. A product page would make it possible to give you a definitive answer. Also I strongly advice against taking out this type of loan if not for investment
I looked a bit at the first 3, .24% expense.  There's a direction to not discuss individual investments here, so the rest of my answer will need to lean generic. I see you have 5 funds. I'm surmising it's an attempt at 'diversifying'. I'll ask you - what do these five, when combined, offer that a straight S&P 500 index (or some flavor of extended market) doesn't?  I've gone through the exercise of looking at portfolios with a dozen funds and found overlap so great that 2 or 3 funds would have been sufficient.  There are S&P funds that are as low as .05%. this difference may not seem like much, but it adds over time.  To your last point, I'd consider a Solo 401(k) as you're self employed. One that offers the Roth option if you are in the marginal 15% bracket.
I have maintained that traditional TV will be obsolete for years now... it seems a certain inevitability, since the invention of the internet.   Even assuming it is certain, there are some things to consider:  1) Time Frame: It is taking way longer than I had expected for people to switch away from traditional subscriptions/packaging.  Many people refuse to adopt/adapt to new technology and like the comfortable familiarity of TV. It is hard to say exactly when 'the big shift' will happen.  2) The companies making billions of dollars are likely monitoring their revenues/market very closely, and will probably know better than you when their current business model is about to fail. They may develop a plan to switch to internet based distribution, production of shows, or any number of other alternatives, which might not cause their share price to drop as drastically as one might predict.  Profiting from this idea (as with any strategy) relies on you to identify the stocks that will be affected, and time your short position on them better than the rest of the market. Doing it now, or at an arbitrary date, means you will incur the opportunity cost of holding the instrument over a period when another investment would yield better returns (potentially even a long position on these same companies).
Just look at the published annualized returns, which are inclusive of distributions and fees. From the Vanguard website: Average annual returns include changes in share price and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.
"I am failing to see why would a person get an IRA, instead of just putting the same amount of money into a mutual fund (like Vanguard) or something like that. Well, this isn't a meaningful distinction. The mutual fund may or may not be in an IRA. Similarly, the mutual fund may or may not be in a 401(k), however. So I'm going to treat your question as if it's ""why would a person get a mutual fund (like Vanguard) or something like that in an IRA, instead of just putting the same amount of money into the same mutual fund in a 401(k)."" Same mutual fund, same amount of money, narrowing your question to the difference between the two types of accounts, as stated in your question's title. Others have answered that to the extent that you really have no choice other than ""pick which type of account to use for a given bundle of money"", other than nobody having mentioned the employer match. Even if there were no other difference at all in tax treatment, it's pretty typical that 401(k) contributions will be matched by free money from the employer. No IRA can compete with that. But, that's not the only choice either: Many of us contribute to both the 401(k) and the IRA. Why? Because we can. I'm not suggesting that just-anybody can, but, if you max out the employer matching in the 401(k), or if you max out the tax-advantaged contribution limit in the 401(k), and you still have more money that you want to save in a tax-advantaged retirement account this year, you can do so. The IRA is available, it's not ""instead-of"" the 401(k)."
Anyone who wants to can use any method they want. Ultimately, the price of the stock will settle on the valuation that people tend to agree on. If you think the priced in numbers are too low, buy the stock as that would mean that its price will go up as the future earnings materialize. If you think it's too high, short the stock, as its price will go down as future earnings fail to materialize. The current price represents the price at which just as much pressure pushes the price up as down. That means people agree it's reasonably approximating the expected future value. Imagine if I needed money now and sold at auction whatever salary I make in 2019. How much will I make in 2019? I might be disabled. I might be a high earner. Who knows? But if I auction off those earnings, whatever price it sells for represents everyone's best estimate of that value. But each participant in the auction can estimate that value however they want. If you want to know what something is worth, you see what you can sell it for.
"I'm no accountant, but I think the way I'd want to approach this kind of thing in Gnucash would be to track it as an Asset, since it is. It sounds like your actual concern is that your tracked asset value isn't reflecting its current ""market"" value. Presumably because it's risky it's also illiquid, so you're not sure how much value it should have on your books. Your approach suggested here of having it as just as expense gives it a 0 value as an asset, but without tracking that there's something that you own. The two main approaches to tracking an investment in Gnucash are: Of course, both of these approaches do assume that you have some notion of your investment's ""current value"", which is what you're tracking. As the section on Estimating Valuation of the concepts guide says of valuing illiquid assets, ""There is no hard rule on this, and in fact different accountants may prefer to do this differently."" If you really think that the investment isn't worth anything at the moment, then I suppose you should track it at 0, but presumably you think it's worth something or you wouldn't have bought it, right? Even if it's just for your personal records, part of a regular (maybe annual?) review of your investments should include coming up with what you currently value that investment at (perhaps your best guess of what you could sell it for, assuming that you could find a willing buyer), and updating your records accordingly. Of course, if you need a valuation for a bank or for tax purposes or the like, they have more specific rules about how they are tracking what things are worth, but presumably you're trying to track your personal assets for your own reasons to get a handle on what you currently own. So, do that! Take the time to get a handle on the worth of what you currently own. And don't worry about getting the value wrong, just take your best guess, since you can always update it later when you learn new information about what your investment is worth."
Is a career in finance a good one? I'm looking to find a inline degree to pursue, and one thing I've always been Interested in is investing. And finances. I always keep close watch on my money and think of what I can do with it and how I can use it properly.
Ha! What a fucking shill you are. Your post history is like a fucking billboard on the side of a highway advertising your dishonesty! I'm curious, do you get paid by the Chinese government directly for advancing propaganda or do you just do it so they don't put everyone in your family in a work camp? I am genuinely curious.
A UTMA may or may not fit your situation. The main drawbacks to a UTMA account is that it will count against your child for financial aid (it counts as the child's asset). The second thing to consider is that taxes aren't deferred like in a 529 plan. The last problem of course is that when he turns 18 he gets control of the account and can spend the money on random junk (which may or may not be important to you). A 529 plan has a few advantages over a UTMA account. The grandparents can open the account with your son as the beneficiary and the money doesn't show up on financial aid for college (under current law which could change of course). Earnings grow tax free which will net you more total growth. You can also contribute substantially more without triggering the gift tax ~$60k. Also many states provide a state tax break for contributing to the state sponsored 529 plan. The account owner would be the grandparents so junior can't spend the money on teenage junk. The big downside to the 529 is the 10% penalty if the money isn't used for higher education. The flip side is that if the money is left for 20 years you will also have additional growth from the 20 years of tax free growth which may be a wash depending on your tax bracket and the tax rates in effect over those 20 years.
Thanks man. Even the credit default swaps were initially an amazing deal for the banks selling them. They got to collect huge amounts of premium for awhile thinking they'd never have to pay out. For the stories we heard in the Big Short, I bet there's hundreds of people out there who paid premiums for years until they couldn't anymore and never got their big payout.       It's crazy that you could basically take out an insurance policy on something you had no stake or equity in. It was literally a bet. The data supported the defaults too, though. Looking at [delinquency rates](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/DRSFRMACBS), Q1 of 2010 had a staggering *11.53%* of all mortgage payments being late. That's insane. Some people saw it creeping up and recognized that Q1 '08 was 76% higher than the previous year and was only climbing, and knew it was going to pop.
"I am not sure if I would get any benefit besides the hourly payment as   an intern. What are the benefits I can expect while working for this   company (or any other software company) Probably none. Changes from company to company but usually only full-time employees are entitled for benefits. For example, could I ask them to reimburse my bus fare or fuel costs   in addition to the hourly pay? You can always ask:-) If it's not in the offer - better ask now, you'll get paid what is written in the offer you accepted. Highly unlikely though. What kind of an ""employee"" is an intern? (Read about exempt and   non-exempt employee, but that's all very confusing) As intern you're non-exempt. As a professional (i.e.: Not part of internship) you would be exempt. Since this is the second time, since my interview, that I have   requested, and been offered a higher rate, should I continue to ask   them for a value near a $35/hr rate Have you asked them for $35? Or just for more? Anyway, I don't think that if they raised the offer from $17 to $21.75 that there's a chance for you to get $35 from them."
Yup, scanning and entering the database must've been expensive but assuming that's up and running and the code/site is paid and working well, they're just paying for the bandwidth at this point. I'd imagine they'd have a huge chunk of change left over from that 300mil low-end estimate of revenue. Still, it's amazing to me to think this business is that large, as a younger person i had no idea that this was so popular, it'd assumed it was a niche within a niche.
It's interesting how too much(?) freedom pretty much translates back into *homo homini lupus*.  The inherent selfishness of mankind needs to be confined by the state for the greater good if entities fail to adhere to decent human standards.
The 10 year comparison between your fund and the S&P 500 -   I'd say more, but not sure it's needed.
If your credit is good, you should immediately attempt to refinance your high rate credit cards by transferring the balance to credit cards with lower interest rates.You might want to check at your local credit union, credit unions can offer great rates. Use the $4000 to pay off whatever is left on the high rate cards. If your credit is bad, I suggest you call your credit card company and try to negotiate with them. If they consider you a risk they might settle your account for fraction of what you own if you can send payment immediately. Don't tell them you have money, just tell them your are trying to get your finances under control and see what they can offer you. This will damage your credit score but will get you out of depth much sooner and save you money in the long term. Also keep in mind that if they do settle, they'll close your account. That way, you leverage the $4000 and use it as a tool to get concessions from the bank.
I did not expect this! However, upon review, it is quite sad, really. Being top 20% requires only a bit above 100k in family income. That means that two working parents on 50k+ is in the top 20%.  As a Norwegian, I am geniunely shocked by this. Your top 20% earns no more than an average middle class or upper working class family would earn in Norway. If memory serves, our prices are on average 20% higher than US prices, so that still doesn't explain the discrepancy.  Still, it was interesting to see the high variance in incomes over time. I presume that can explain why stress levels are so high in the US.
As long as we remember that debt is the only option when the government has to borrow their money at interest or take it from taxes. When taxes don't cut it, we borrow. Ever wondered why the government doesn't just spend money into the economy instead of borrowing at interest?
This!  I went in to try on different sized Apple Watches (don’t hate) and the guy pushed the 3mm because it’s the women’s one.   I mean, I don’t mean to say you must have a tiny dick, but if the size of the watch is determined by gender for you, mr salesman, and not by my preference, then I don’t know where else you got that dumb an expression. Not to mention, I already told him I wanted to try both to see how they *feel.*
Sorry, bro(or derpina). I already have a line of awesome people I wish to God I could hire. Currently have one in line ahead that I hope I can hire to telecommute in the future.   It's rough right now out there. I hope I can make money so I can give it away to those who have need. I personally have a hard time believing that unemployment is at merely 8.3% or so. That's just bunk. Democrat or Republican, you'd have to be an absolute fool to believe those numbers.
&gt; Do you think it's our honorable duty to fund mass murder?  If you truly felt that way, then you wouldn't be living here hypocritically now would you?   &gt; Yes, but politicians and their cronies have perfected manipulating public opinion to their benefit.  So how is cheating on taxes going to fix that?
[Thanks for civility]  Your situation sounds very rough and I'm sorry for it,  truly I'm. This is a hard question to answer and would love to open a dialogue with people who are willing to actually listen/talk.   The question: How can we as a society help those in financial need?  Raising minimum wage? - Doesn't work as well proponents would like. Prices go up, people who used to make $ for the employer may not anymore thus is fired. (Burger flipper 1 makes the owner $11/hr, bf 2 makes $13/hr. Minimum wage goes up to $12 and suddenly bf1 no longer makes a profit and is let go)  UBI - Wouldn't work, it'll simply raise the costs of everything  Universal HC, food, car insurance, etc - It'll create lower quality products that are largely ineffective. Look at Canada   So how can we help without simply giving $ away in times of artificially raising wages, giving free money (UBI), or giving free stuff?  I really don't know the answer and i'm like to talk solutions
For the lazy:   1. It’s a paradigm shift = I don’t know what’s going on in our business. But we’re not making as much money as we used to.   2. We’re data-driven = We try not to make decisions by the seat of our pants. When possible, we try to base them in facts.   3. We need to wrap our heads around this = Gosh, I never thought of that. We need to discuss that….   4. It’s a win-win = Hey, we both get something out of this (even though I’m really trying to get the best from you)   5. ROI [used in any sentence] = Look at me, I’m very financially-minded, even if I never took any finance classes in school 6. Let’s blue sky this/let’s ballpark this = Let’s shoot around a bunch of ideas since we have no clue what to do   7. I’m a bit of a visionary = I’m a bit of an egomaniac and narcissist   8. I’m a team player/we only hire team players = I hope everyone on the team thinks this is a meritocracy, even though I’m the dictator in charge   9. Let’s circle back to that/Let’s put that in the parking lot/let’s touch base on that later/let’s take this off-line = Shut up and let’s go back to what I was talking about   10. We think outside the box here/color outside the lines = We wouldn’t know about how to do something innovative if it came up to us and bit us in the behind   11. I/we/you don’t have the bandwidth = Since we cut 60% of our headcount, we’re all doing the job of 3 people, so we’re all burned out   12. This is where the rubber meets the road = Don’t screw up   13. Net net/the net of it is/when you net it out = I never studied finance or accounting but I sound like someone who can make money if I keep talking about another word for profit   14. We’ll go back and sharpen our pencils = We’ll go back and offer you the same for 20% less in hopes you’ll buy it before the end of the quarter   15.  It’s like the book “Crossing the Chasm”/”Blue Ocean”/”Good To Great” / “Tipping Point” / “Outliers” = I’ve never read any of these books but I sound literate if I quote from them. And, besides, you cretins probably never read them either to call me out on it   16. Let’s right-size it = Let’s whack/fire a bunch of people   17. It’s next-gen/turn-key/plug-and-play = I want it to sound so technical that you’ll just buy it without asking me any questions   18. We need to manage the optics of this = How can we lie about this in a way people will believe?   19. This is creative destruction = I’ve never read Joseph Schumpeter but our core business is getting killed so it’s your responsibility to come up with a new product the market will buy   20. We don’t have enough boots on the ground = I don’t want to be fired for this disastrous product/country launch, so I’m going to sound tough referring to the military and say I don’t have enough resources   21. Deal with it = Tough cookies   22. By way of housekeeping = This makes the boring stuff I’m about to say sound more official   23. That’s the $64,000 question [sometimes, due to inflation, people will denominate this cliche in millions or billions of dollars] = I don’t know either   24. Let’s square the circle = I’m someone who can unify two team members’ views and sound important   25. It’s our cash cow/protect/milk the cash cow = If that business goes south, we’re all out of a job   26. It’s about synergies/1 + 1 = 3 = I don’t get the math either, but it sounds like more and more is better, right?   27. Who’s going to step up to the plate? = One of you is going to do this and it’s not going to be me   28. We’re eating our own dog food = It sounds gross but we seem like honest folks if we do this.   29. We need to monetize/strategize/analyze/incentivize = When in doubt, stick “-ize” on the end of a word and say we’ve got to do this and 9 out of 10 times, it will sound action-oriented.   30. We did a Five Forces/SWOT analysis/Value Chain analysis = We didn’t really do any of that, but none of you probably even remember Michael Porter, so what the heck   31. It was a perfect storm = We really screwed up but we’re going to blame a bunch of factors that are out of our hands (especially weather)   32. At the end of the day…. = OK, enough talking back and forth, we’re going to do what I want to do   33. Who’s got the ‘R’? [i.e., responsibility to do what we just spent 20 minutes talking about aimlessly] = If I ask the question, it won’t be assigned to me   34. Let’s put lipstick on this pig = plug your nose   35. I’m putting a stake in the ground here… = I’m a leader, simply because I’m using this cliche   36. We’re customer-focused/proactive/results-oriented = That can’t be bad, right?  This is motherhood and apple pie stuff   37. Our visibility into the quarter is a little fuzzy = Sales just fell off a cliff   38. That’s not our core competency/we’re sticking to our knitting = We’re just glad we’re making money in one business, because we’d have no clue how to get into any other business   39. Well, we’re facing some headwinds there = You put your finger on the area we’re panicking over   40. It’s a one-off = Do whatever they want to close the sale   41. Incent it = That’s not a verb but I just made it into one because I’m a man/woman of action   42. I’m an agent of change = This makes it sound like I know how to handle the chaos that our business is constantly going through   43. We’ve got to do a little more due diligence there = Don’t have a clue but does that legal term make me sound detail-oriented?   44. Don’t leave money on the table = Be as greedy with them as possible   45. We take a “ready, fire, aim” approach here = We totally operate on a seat-of-the-pants basis   46. Hope is not a strategy = I don’t have a strategy, but this makes it sound like I’m above people who also don’t have a strategy   47. We have to tear down the silos internally = Our organizational structure is such a mess that I’m going to be under-mined by other departments at every turn   48. I don’t think it will move the needle = This won’t get my boss excited   49. Good to put a face to the name = I’d really rather talk to that person behind you   50. Let’s take the 30,000 foot view… = I like to think I see the big picture  51. It’s the old 80-20 rule = I really have no idea what the rule was, but I just want to focus on the things that will make us successful   52. We need to manage expectations = Get ready to start sucking up to people   53. It’s not actionable enough/what’s the deliverable? = You guys do the work on refining the idea. I’m too tired.   54. My 2 cents is… = This opinion is worth a heck of a lot more than 2 cents   55. I’m going to sound like a broken record here… = I want to clearly point out to you idiots that I’ve made this point several times before   56. We’ve got too many chiefs and not enough Indians = I want to be the Chief   57. Going forward = Don’t screw up like this again   58. My people know I’ve got an open door policy = I’ve told my direct reports to come to me if they have a problem, so why should I feel bad if they complain I’m too busy to talk to them?   59. It’s gone viral = Someone sent a tweet about this   60. I know you’ve been burning the candle on both ends = Get ready to do some more
Yeah, but based on his age I would guess he started really loading up on coins and gold stocks in the latter 1970s, as many goldbugs did. Those bets would have lagged inflation since, underperforming nearly any other investment.
I'm not exactly sure who's confusing worker/workplace rights with union membership. Safety standards are written into law but there is little else about working conditions that is law in this country (a lot less than most people think, anyways).   &gt; I think my primary counterargument is why should a union be a requirement of a living wage and healthcare?  It certainly shouldn't be. If the employer is good, then there is no need for a union.  &gt; If I work for a small business where unionizing would be MUCH more difficult should I not also have those things?  I don't know if unionizing would be more difficult. In some ways it could be easier. If it's a small business problems can generally be resolved by talking to the owner.   I think you're missing something though: Being in a union doesn't guarantee you anything. The law says that employers must sit down at a table and negotiate a contract with the union's members, but they don't have to agree to anything.  Some unions like for freelance/contract/commission workers offer benefit packages to its members, but that's only because they don't have a consistent employer to bargain benefits with.
Some lenders want to discourage the borrower from making these additional payments because they want to sell this as a service. They might set this up for you, or they have a contract with a 3rd party to set it up. These services generally charge you to initiate the process, and may have a recurring fee. They take 1/2 a payment every 2 weeks. Then forward the money on the first of the month to the lender. Once a year they will send in the 13th monthly payment. This gives them control of up to a months payment per account.  There is no law that says they have to accept early payments. So check the documents to make sure it is allowed for that mortgage. Then send in a test payment directing that the excess funds go to pay down principal. Verify online that the extra funds were credited correctly. Even it works once the borrower will have to keep checking to make sure it is handled correctly each month.
Ignorance - people might not pay attention to the value, or forgot that they had them. Fees - the gain could be too small and eaten away by fees, so it's cheaper to abandon them. Knowledge - people might not understand that they miss a chance to cash in Formal errors - when the execution is incorrectly filed and fails therefore, and the time is already run out when they realize.
This is almost exactally what the BK attorneys I work with have always said.  If you have trouble offer a larger down payment. . . . that is the point of the down payment after all.  You do sometimes have better luck with renting from individual people rather than larger corporately owned rentals.    There are options out there.
Fort Lauderdale seems to have dozens of bike shops.  more and more every year.  they're not competing on price.  niches galore.  even the motorized bike shops are multiplying.  it's not price in this area for sure (or you can go to Target if that's all you want is price)
The state of the art events requires audio visual equipment to present the lectures, presentations, concerts, launches etc. in a more convincing manner. It is a worthy tool to build relationships with the audience and keep them engaged in the event until the end. An impactful presentation is what keeps the link strong and lasting.
"Yes, the ""based on"" claim appears to be true – but the Nobel laureate did not personally design that specific investment portfolio ;-) It looks like the Gone Fishin' Portfolio is made up of a selection of low-fee stock and bond index funds, diversified by geography and market-capitalization, and regularly rebalanced.  Excerpt from another article, dated 2003: The Gone Fishin’ Portfolio  [circa 2003] Vanguard Total Stock Market Index (VTSMX) – 15%   Vanguard Small-Cap Index (NAESX) – 15%   Vanguard European Stock Index (VEURX) – 10%   Vanguard Pacific Stock Index (VPACX) – 10%   Vanguard Emerging Markets Index (VEIEX) – 10%   Vanguard Short-term Bond Index (VFSTX) – 10%   Vanguard High-Yield Corporates Fund (VWEHX) – 10%   Vanguard Inflation-Protected Securities Fund (VIPSX) – 10%   Vanguard REIT Index (VGSIX) – 5%   Vanguard Precious Metals Fund (VGPMX) – 5%   That does appear to me to be an example of a portfolio based on Modern Portfolio Theory (MPT), ""which tries to maximize portfolio expected return for a given amount of portfolio risk"" (per Wikipedia).  MPT was introduced by Harry Markowitz, who did go on to share the 1990 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.  (Note: That is the economics equivalent of the original Nobel Prize.) You'll find more information at NobelPrize.org - The Prize in Economics 1990 - Press Release. Finally, for what it's worth, it isn't rocket science to build a similar portfolio.  While I don't want to knock the Gone Fishin' Portfolio (I like most of its parts), there are many similar portfolios out there based on the same concepts.  For instance, I'm reminded of a similar (though simpler) portfolio called the Couch Potato Portfolio, made popular by MoneySense magazine up here in Canada. p.s. This other question about asset allocation is related and informative."
Get real and honest reviews BEFORE you purchase Coffee Shop Millionaire. This is a blog that reviews the product Coffee Shop Millionaire, and to give the turth and insights that you'd like to know. It also teaches you the truth of Internet Marketing, which is the niche of this product, and to ensure you do not fall into its vicious cycle, so that you can finally make money online.
&gt;Capitalism doesn't allocate capital to build cities for which there are no residents.   So you haven't seen pictures of the suburbs of Las Vegas?  &gt;It doesn't pick winners by deciding who is best at bribing government officials.   So you've never heard of Haliburton or crony capitalism.
First and foremost you need to be aware of what you are comparing. In this case, HSBC as traded on the NYSE exchange is not common shares, but an ADR (American Depository Receipt) with a 5:1 ratio from the actual shares. So for most intents and purposes owning one ADR is like owning five common shares. But for special events like dividends, there may be other considerations, such as the depository bank (the institution that created the ADR) may take a percentage. Further, given that some people, accounts or institutions may be required to invest in a given country or not, there may be some permanent price dislocation between the shares and the ADR, which can further lead to discrepancies which are then highlighted by the seeming difference in dividends.
Follow your own logic. Millennials have less capital, so they have to borrow more for any given house. Sure you can expect some amount of reduction in prices, but it will not make up for the lost cash of losing the deduction. If you buy a $200k house ((100% financing @4% just to keep it easy). Say the price drops 10% to $180. That saves you $800/yr. Say 25% tax rate. @ 200k your deduction is $2000. I don't think prices will drop 10%,but you need 25% for this to be better for millennials.
"Without divulging too many specifics.  Net income is 73k.  Total income is 136k.  Filed as an S-Corp.  Using Quickbooks to classify expenses etc.  I know its not much information but I don't know what to look out for, like ""whoa, net income is 73k, you gotta spend that!""  I have a CPA but isn't offering much in the terms of ""help"" and ""explanation"".  Thanks for your time!"
I just started in ER a month ago - I think part of it is being in the right place at the right time because the industry is smaller than IB (less positions, less openings).   I came from an accounting background and during the interview process I really sold how much I enjoyed investing personally (knew the fundamentals, had decent stock picks/pitches), which happened to be what the hiring managers were looking for.  Hope this helps and happy to answer any other questions you might have!
Find incredible wall murals with textures like brick, stone, metals, and more at Stephane Chiavarini’s studio. Spruce Up your home with stylish wall murals. Chiavarini’s studio is an ultimate destination to decorate your walls. He has developed an extraordinary range of Gold Wall Mural treatments with handmade coating.
Don't forget Morgan Stanley also walked away after a $1bn investment during construction so this will technically be the third set of investors.  This casino should have never been finished.  They weren't in touch with what people who actually go to AC wanted and it just made things worse.
You either believe that the dollars matter or they don't. I fly really a lot and while I have once or twice flown first class just to see it or because I got a free upgrade, I don't see that it's good value for the dollar.  But also, your questions presuppose that if there isn't a supervening reason, the default should be to give them a benefit ordinary people don't enjoy. I don't buy that. None of your long questions tell me why the value-per-dollar of a biz/1st ticket is something the public should be paying for when it is routine to tell poor kids they can't have food subsidies or early education etc. because there is not enough money.  It matters up and down the hierarchy to remember that money matters, but some government employees are scrutinized about being a few minutes late or using a small office item for personal use, while others are not scrutinized for thinking getting enough leg room is worth hundreds of dollars. This matters in terms of setting a tone.
Evostfitness being one of the best and trusted Name of Fitness Strength equipment and Best Home Gym Equipment.The back extension E-1031 exercise is a maneuver utilized to work the erector spinae and other smaller stabilizing muscles of the back. Strengthening these muscles is important for a variety of reasons.Before learning any new exercise, it is important to understand why the exercise is important, as well as what muscle groups are targeted by the exercise. In the case of the back extension, the primary muscles targeted are those in the lower back. Fortifying these muscles is vital in light of the fact that it gives a lot of adjustment to this piece of the body.  For any Queries kindly contact us at:-www.evostfitness.com Our E-Mail Address:-support@evostfitness.com
Banks use quite a few parameters to arrive at the decision for card approval. The credit score is just one input. There are multiple other inputs it would source, for example total years in job, the number of years in current job, income streams, etc ... the exact formula is a trade secret and varies from Bank to Bank
I got my passport by mail. There was a procedure and well written rules to follow. It was completed in the time expected and the cost was known.  I also have dead friend who died just before Obamacare because he found that the insurance he had paid for as a small business owner didn't actually cover cancer treatment. So he went without.   I have two dead brothers who might very well be alive had they had their problems post-obamacare.   My favorite professor had a kid who needed a transplant. The procedure was delayed for more than a year while the insurance company hoped he would die before they had to pay out for the transplant.   In single payer countries, immunizations for children are as simple and cheap as having a quick eye exam or school picture. In our system every parent must make an appointment weeks in advance, take their kid out of school, drive to an office, wait an hour or so, get the shot and deliver the kid back to school. Repeat that by 25 to 30 for every single classroom across the country. Then the parent waits weeks and either the shot was covered or a bill arrives for as much as a couple hundred per shot. This is inefficient to the point or absurdity, but it keeps that profit margin high for stockholders.   I'll take the government agency over a for-profit entity beholding to shareholders over me ANY day. We pay something like 3000 times more money that someone in France. We have no one at our back or standing with us. I want my government in the game and not looking on passively as though the health of the people mean nothing at all.
&gt; this isn't really a women vs men topic  http://www.newhope.com/retail-and-distribution/women-dominate-direct-selling-men-could-be-catching :  &gt; To this day, the industry remains largely a woman’s world, with men making up less than a quarter of the 20 million people involved in the United States, according to the Direct Selling Association.
&gt; After all, driving hands free is much riskier than driving with two hands on the wheel.  Whoever wrote this doesn't have a clue. Autonomous vehicles are a threat for insurance companies because they are *safer*, not *riskier*. For example, see [here](https://it.businessinsider.com/driverless-cars-could-negatively-affect-insurance-industry-2017-2/?r=US&amp;IR=T)
I found a possible data source. It offers fundamentals i.e. the accounting ratios you listed (P/E, dividend yield, price/book) for international stock indexes. International equity indices based on EAFE definitions are  maintained by Professor French of French-Fama fame, at Dartmouth's Tuck Business School website. Specifics of methodology, and countries covered is available here. MSCI is the data source. Historical time interval for most countries is from 1975 onward. (Singapore was one of the countries included). Obtaining historical ratios for international stock indices is not easily found for free. Your question didn't specify free though. If that is not a constraint, you may wish to check the MSCI Barra international stock indices also.
Now, if I'm not mistaken, tracking a value-weighted index is extremely easy - just buy the shares in the exact amount they are in the index and wait. Yes in theory. In practise this is difficult. Most funds that track S&P do it on sample basis. This is to maintain the fund size. Although I don't have / know the exact number ... if one wants to replicate the 500 stocks in the same %, one would need close to billion in fund size. As funds are not this large, there are various strategies adopted, including sampling of companies [i.e. don't buy all]; select a set of companies that mimic the S&P behaviour, etc. All these strategies result in tracking errors. There are algorithms to reduce this. The only time you would need to rebalance your holdings is when there is a change in the index, i.e. a company is dropped and a new one is added, right? So essentially rebalance is done to; If so, why do passive ETFs require frequent rebalancing and generally lose to their benchmark index? lets take an Index with just 3 companies, with below price. The total Market cap is 1000  The Minimum required to mimic this index is 200 or Multiples of 200. If so you are fine.    More Often, funds can't be this large. For example approx 100 funds track the S&P Index. Together they hold around 8-10% of Market Cap. Few large funds like Vangaurd, etc may hold around 2%. But most of the 100+ S&P funds hold something in 0.1 to 0.5 range. So lets say a fund only has 100. To maintain same proportion it has to buy shares in fraction. But it can only buy shares in whole numbers. This would then force the fund manager to allocate out of proportion, some may remain cash, etc. As you can see below illustrative, there is a tracking error. The fund is not truly able to mimic the index.  Now lets say after 1st April, the share price moved, now this would mean more tracking error if no action is taken [block 2] ... and less tracking error if one share of company B is sold and one share of company C is purchased.  Again the above is a very simplified view. Tracking error computation is involved mathematics.  Now that we have the basic concepts, more often funds tracking S&P; Thus they need to rebalance.
Unions have their place but they can pretty easily get out of control and really prevent a company from succeeding.  There are tons of stories where unions have created ridiculous scenarios such as public school teachers being paid their full salary for years to go sit in an empty office building and read the news paper because they can't be fired.  http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/16/nyregion/16rubber.html
No.  What's the point in that?  All it does is create government overhead to administer the payments.  Just pay your own way in the first place.    Oh, wait!  I see, when you say it's my turn now and your turn later, later never comes.  Nevermind.  I get it.
This article was garbage.  I don't disagree with the overall premise that kids from elite colleges may not be better candidates for a job, but the article's delivery and proof was shit.  My argument would be that not all kids are equally mature in high school to the point where they can accumulate the resume necessary to get into a Harvard or Yale.  But in general, if you hire from Harvard or Yale, you know your getting someone of likely high intelligence and good work ethic.  The difficulty of getting into Harvard, excludes most deadbeats.  The deadbeats who do get in, have connections that would be beneficial to your company.  So, yeah, all else equal, I'm hiring the Harvard kid over the UMass kid.  But I wouldn't exclude a UMass kid because they went to UMass.
Iran already could have legally used WMDs in self-defense against US-backed chemical warfare by Saddam during the Iran-Iraq war, but refused to do so on moral grounds. So when they say they oppose WMDs they have already proven it with100,000 casualties from chemical weapons  use
Audating Sites is the greatest online dating website for men and women in the Australia. There are the numerous number of members you will find on another dating website. If you want to casual sex with Aussie, then we are the best platform for you. You can visit our website and get the more contact of single men or women that want to meet each other. Always we hide your personal information.
"I decline politely.   The cost of the insurance policy has two components: The actual cost of a likely repair + profit. If I set aside the cost of a likely repair myself, then I get to keep the profit.   If the item doesn't break, I get to keep the ""repair"" money too :)"
That’s a race to the bottom though. There will always be someone willing to work for less than minimum wage, or doing unsafe work without proper protection, or work unpaid overtime in an hourly position, etc.   The worker protections aren’t just paternalistic. They are also about self-interest. The more companies that profit off of poor working conditions, the worse it is for all the rest of us.
"You can't get started investing. There are preliminary steps that must be taken prior to beginning to invest: Only once these things are complete can you think about investing.  Doing so before hand will only likely lose money in the long run.  Figure these steps will take about 2.5 years.  So you are 2.5 years from investing. Read now:  The Total Money Makeover.  It is full of inspiring stories of people that were able to turn things around financially.  This is good because it is easy to get discouraged and believe all kind of toxic beliefs about money:  The little guy can't get ahead, I always will have a car payment, Its too late, etc...  They are all false.  Part of the book's resources are budgeting forms and hints on budgeting. Read later:  John Bogle on Investing and Bogle on Mutual Funds One additional Item:  About you calling yourself a ""dummy"".  Building personal wealth is less about knowledge and more about behavior.  The reason you don't have a positive net worth is because of how you behaved, not knowledge.  Even sticking a small amount in a savings account each paycheck and not spending it would have allowed you to have a positive net worth at this point in your life. Only by changing behavior can you start to build wealth, investing is only a small component."
I suppose it could've happened the other way around- if the major media company was already interested in Broadcast Software, but BS (*nice*) had ignored Bob or treated him poorly he would've stood up- told a different story- and lost them this deal.    Though yeah, the title is poorly phrased(edit: thanks dgillz).
Other than offering support for indexing minimum wage levels, the article didn't call for more regulation to fix the labor market.  The author claims that the experiences of the last recession have resulted in psychological barriers in the minds of both employers and workers.  It is an interesting claim, and so is the article.
Benefits: Costs: However, beginning in early 2011 you   will no longer be able to pay for OTC   (over the counter) medications with   HSA dollars Notes:
"&gt;The Port Authority receives no tax money and funds itself through tolls, rents, surcharges on airline tickets and other fees.  It collects taxes, but they are not called ""taxes.""  What the fuck do you think a surcharge is?  How about alcohol tax?  Why not just call it alcohol surcharge?  Same shit, different wrapper.  Point again -- if we call the person a cop, then we talk about a public servant.  If it's a private employee, it's called a guard, a security specialist or any number of terms."
Obviously, there are many approaches. I’ll describe what we do and why we think it is successful. I have seen many couples having disagreements and even divorce over money; it seems that this is a typical reason to fight and sometimes fight badly. The realization is that different people have different preferences what to spend their money on, and if you are not rich, it continuously leads to disagreements - ‘did you really need another pair of shoes?’, etc. Our solution is a weekly allowance. First, all our money goes into one pot and is considered equal. Many couples find that a difficult step, but I never thought twice about it - I trust my spouse, and I share my life with her, so why not my money? From this, we agree on an ‘allowance’ that is used to cover any non-common cost; this includes all clothing, dining out, buying things, etc. The amount was chosen to match about what we spent for those things anyway, and then adjusted annually. The main point is that there is no critique allowed about what this is spent on - you can blow it all on shoes, or buy books, or wine and dine, or gamble it away, whatever. We are doing this since 23 years now, and we are very happy with the results; we never have financial ‘fights’ anymore. Disadvantages are the effort - you need to keep track of it somehow. Either you use a separate credit card, or hand it out in cash, or have a complete accounting (I do the latter, because I want to). Regarding all other spend, we use the accounting to plan ahead for at least a year on all cost and income that are expected, and that shows us the available cash flow and where it might get tight. It also shows you where the money goes, and where you could cut if cutting is needed (or wanted). Again, there is some effort in collecting the data, but it is worth it (for us).
Despite the ACA offering generous deductions, a lot of small businesses still cannot afford the initial capital involved in offering health insurance plan to their employees... Therefore we cannot take advantage of these deductions...  Putting us at a disadvantage for finding low-to-mid skilled workers, to the larger corporations that are now mandated to offer the benefits..
"After reading this, the only thoufht i had was ""ha"".   Heading back to feudalism because corporations want to sell the ""peasants"" items? I would love to know how the author believes is a more reasonable way to target audiences in the modern day."
&gt;There are always companies involved between big farms and grocery stores  This is inaccurate and reeks of an assumption that you made rather than knowledge you have.  I can think of quite a few circumstances, off the top of my head, where farms of all sizes have sold to grocery stores, again of *all* sizes - directly.
Summerfield abounds with everyday convenience and vibrant people – bright and full of personality. Assisted living Utah is a good housing option if you are usually able to manage your own care but need occasional help. Summerfield Assisted Living Utah offers the best of both worlds (independent living and nursing homes) for seniors. Visit here for more details: http://www.journalhome.com/SeniorLivingRetirementUtah/2024643/ideal-utah-retirement-community.html
Biweekly pay for salaried employees is typically calculated as Annual-salary / 26. Twice a month pay for salaried employees is typically calculated as Annual-salary / 24. If you were getting paid twice a month and now are getting paid every other week, your paycheck will be roughly ( Twice-a-month-paycheck-amount * 24 / 26 ).  If you were paid $1000 twice a month, you'll be paid $923 every other week.   $1000 * 24 = $24K and $923 * 26 = $24K.   You will get paid every other week regardless of month boundaries on a biweekly pay cycle.
cars protection plus Since 1998, CARS Protection Plushas sold more than 1,500,000 service contracts to motorists across the country. CARS Protection Plus maintains an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau because of its dedication to providing the best protection plans. Unlike most other automotive protection plan providers, CARS Protection Plus has an acceptance level of 200,000 miles for most vehicles. Its customer service team is always responsive to questions, and the claims process can often be completed in one day.
eSalesData has the know-how and resources to help you market your products to every single recreational industry executive in the world. From Asia to Europe to North America, if you intend blazon your message across the desks of recreational industry bigwigs, our mailing lists will make your job infinitely easier. We’ll segment your lists to accurately isolate the perfect target audience for your product and marketing strategy.
Contractors earn less. Especially the people that are hired under them. They usually have no education, and base pay; long hours and hard work.
Read his press release. It's bullshit 90% of time. Musk trying to push meme that solar roof are cheaper than regular shingle when in fact it's 10 times more expensive.   Model 3 is selling for $35,000 base is a joke. It needs $5000 autopilot upgrade, $1500 paint upgrade to be competitive.  Model 3 begin production this week yet strangely all cars are sold to Tesla employees for testing.  Telsa can't even solve it [ridiculous parking problem](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4403480/Tesla-parking-nightmare-employees-California.html). I don't have faith in the manufacturing quality of their products.
Is it safe to invest in a portfolio of dividend stocks yielding 7-9% with the money borrowed at 3-4% from one of these brokerages? Yes and no. It depends on your risk profile! Any investment has its risks of losing your capital, but not investing is a guaranteed risk, as you will be guaranteed to fall behind the rate of inflation. Regarding investing on margin, this can increase your gains but can also increase your loses. Regarding the stock market - when investing in stocks you should not only look at the dividend rate but also the capital gain or loss potential. Remember in regards to investing on margin, if the share price drop too much you can get a margin call no matter how much dividend you are getting. It is no use gaining 9% in dividend yield per year if you are losing 15% or more in capital each year. Also, what is the risk of the dividend rate being cut back or dividends not being paid at all in the future? These are some of the risks you should consider before investing and derive a risk management plan as part of your investment plan before you invest. No investment is totally safe or risk free, but it is less risky than not investing at all, as long as you understand the risks involved and have a risk management plan in place as part of your overall investment plan.
The value of the asset doesn't change just because of the exchange rate change. If a thing (valued in USD) costs USD $1 and USD $1 = CAN $1 (so the thing is also valued CAN $1) today and tomorrow CAN $1 worth USD $0.5 - the thing will continue being worth USD $1. If the thing is valued in CAN $, after the exchange rate change, the thing will be worth USD $2, but will still be valued CAN $1. What you're talking about is price quotes, not value. Price quotes will very quickly reach the value, since any deviation will be used by the traders to make profits on arbitrage. And algo-traders will make it happen much quicker than you can even notice the arbitrage existence.
Intuitive? I doubt it. Derivatives are not the simplest thing to understand.  The price is either in the money or it isn't. (by the way, exactly 'at the money' is not 'in the money.') An option that's not in the money has time value only. As the price rises, and the option is more and more in the money, the time value drops. We have a $40 stock. It makes sense to me that a $40 strike price is all just a bet the stock will rise, there's no intrinsic value. The option prices at about $4.00 for one year out, with 25% volatility. But the strike of $30 is at $10.68, with $10 in the money and only .68 in time premium. There's a great calculator on line to tinker with.  Volatility is a key component of options trading. Think about it. If a stock rises 5%/yr but rarely goes up any more or less, just steady up, why would you even buy an option that was even 10% out of the money? The only way I can describe this is to look at a bell curve and how there's a 1/6 chance the event will be above one standard deviation. If that standard deviation is small, the chance of hitting the higher strikes is also small.  I wrote an article Betting on Apple at 9 to 2 in which I describe how a pair of option trades was set up so that a 35% rise in Apple stock would return 354% and Apple had two years to reach its target. I offer this as an example of options trading not being theory, but something that many are engaged in. What I found curious about the trade was that Apple's volatility was high enough that a 35% move didn't seem like the 4.5 to 1 risk the market said it was. As of today, Apple needs to rise 13% in the next 10 months for the trade to pay off. (Disclosure - the long time to expiration was both good and bad, two years to recover 35% seemed reasonable, but 2 years could bring anything in the macro sense. Another recession, some worldwide event that would impact Apple's market, etc. The average investor will not have the patience for these long term option trades.)
Here is what I would do (my wife has done this and it worked great). Pay off one card. Pay down the other card then find a new card that offers a 0% period on balance transfers. They generally have between a 1%-5% fee with 3% being pretty typical. You will get probably 18-24 months of no interest. At the end of that period, provided it isn't paid off, just open another card and do another balance transfer. After you are done paying everything off get a card that offers cash back bonus and pay for everything using that card, pay the card off at the end of the month.
&gt;triple full time class load  You had me up until this bullshit. Is that like double secret probabtion? Any credible university simply will not allow you to take more than one extra course.  Also, references help, but they don't get noticed until the interview stage. GPA is also pretty meaningless unless you're in a technical field.  I say this as a guy who got lucky and unlucky. In my mind, merit really only comes into play in the interview stage. Getting the interview is either through luck or nepotism.
Sounds like you have a goldbug whispering in your ear. The Coinage Act doesn't restrict you from using foreign currency or lawful commodity or service to fulfill a debt. You are free to do that whenever you enter into an explicit or implicit contract with another party. If that wasn't the case, your kid trading his bag of chips for a bag of cookies at lunch would be a criminal act.  It does mean that you ultimately must accept US currency to settle a debt. Following the previous example, if your kid gives his friend the bag of chips, but the cookies get destroyed somehow before being transferred, the friend can offer a couple of dollars to complete the transaction. The whole point of the Coinage Acts is to set a level playing field. If you don't pick one dominant store of value, you have a situation where it is impossible to evaluate the cost of goods and services. It has nothing to do with some competition with foreign currency. A robust, modern economy requires an adequate supply of capital and a common reference point for value within the economy. Think about it further with respect to Article 1, Section 10 of the Constitution. Would you want a fiscally profligate state like California or New York to be able to print money and compel you as a contractor, employee or creditor to accept their scrip as payment? (Or worse, require payment in Gold or Vermont-issued dollars, but pay you in their money.) Of course not. That's why the Federal government controls the currency, and a dollar in Alaska is the same as a dollar in Georgia.
"You probably don't need S-Corp. There's no difference between what you can deduct on your Schedule C and what you can deduct on 1120S, it will just cost you more money. Since you're gambling yourself, you don't need to worry about liability - but if you do, you should probably go LLC route, much cheaper and simpler. The ""reasonable salary"" trick to avoid FICA won't work. Don't even try. Schedule C for professional gamblers is a very accepted thing, nothing extraordinary about it."
"The transfer is easy. Usually you just sign over the title to the new owner, and you're set.  Blue book price is a fantasy designed to get you in a car dealership to trade in your car. You won't get ""blue book"" pricing. I would use NADA ""Yellow Book"" or Edmunds TMV pricing as a guide. A dealer won't pay you a good price, but will take the car off your hands quickly. Selling a car privately can be a real pain if you don't have the personality for it. You'll get more money and more hassle. Figure out where people do private party sales in your area. In my area, there's an autotrader magazine that dominates the market. Craigslist is going to attract the types of people who frequent craiglist, which is not always a good thing."
Buy term and invest the rest is in fact the easiest plan.  Just buy the term insurance based on your current and expected needs. Review those needs every few years, or after a life event (marriage, divorce, kids, buying a house...) For the invest the rest part: invest in your 401K, IRA or the equivalent. There are index funds, or age based funds that can help the inexperienced. Those index funds have low costs; the age based funds change as you get older.  The biggest issue with the whole life type products is that what your care about for the term insurance doesn't mean that the company  has a good investment program. You also want to have the ability to decide to change insurance companies or investment companies without impacting the other.
If the fee is paid directly from the account, then unfortunately no, you can not deduct it. It's probably too late now, but in the future you can ask the financial institution if they will allow you to write them a separate check to cover the fees. If they allow that then you can preserve your tax free account balance, and potentially deduct the fees too. More details here. Update: as discussed in the comments below, a strict interpretation of the IRS description of deductible investment expenses may not include expenses for a Roth IRA, even if they are paid outside of the account. However, there seems to be conflicting interpretations of this IRS rule, so I would advise speaking to an accountant or the IRS directly for clarification. But even if you determine you cannot deduct the fees, paying for them outside of the Roth is still a good idea because it enables you to maintain a higher balance in your tax advantaged account.
It is difficult to value a private company. Most of the valuations is based on how one feels the idea would translate into revenue in some future time. The VC firms take into account various factors to determine the price, but more often then not, its their hunch. Even VC don't make money on all picks, very few picks turn out to be stars, most picks lose money they have invested. Few picks just return their money. So if you feel that the idea/product/brand/people are great and would someday make good money, invest into it. Else stay away.
To Whom It May Concern,  FUSE_33 is hereby free to discuss his future employment with whichever company(s) he/she so chooses.  CURRENT EMPLOYER makes no claim to the exclusivity of FUSE_33's employment with CURRENT EMPLOYER.  Further, CURRENT EMPLOYER hereby releases and holds harmless any entity which wishes to discuss hiring FUSE_33 for any position they see fit.      SIGNATURE &amp; DATE   PRINTED NAME   TITLE - CURRENT EMPLOYER      == Just tell your current boss that you've had a couple of places ask for a release letter so that they don't get accused and/or sued for head-hunting.  He doesn't need to know you're going to work for the school.
**Tulip mania**  Tulip mania, tulipmania, or tulipomania (Dutch names include: tulpenmanie, tulpomanie, tulpenwoede, tulpengekte and bollengekte) was a period in the Dutch Golden Age during which contract prices for bulbs of the recently introduced tulip reached extraordinarily high levels and then dramatically collapsed in February 1637. It is generally considered the first recorded speculative bubble (or economic bubble), although some researchers have noted that the Kipper- und Wipperzeit (literally Tipper and See-saw) episode in 1619–1622, a Europe-wide chain of debasement of the metal content of coins to fund warfare, featured mania-like similarities to a bubble. In many ways, the tulip mania was more of a hitherto unknown socio-economic phenomenon than a significant economic crisis (or financial crisis). And historically, it had no critical influence on the prosperity of the Dutch Republic, the world's leading economic and financial power in the 17th century.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.27
This is only a rule of thumb. Peter Lynch popularized it; the ratio PE/growth is often called the Lynch Ratio. At best it's a very rough guideline. I could fill up this page with other caveats. I'm not saying that it's wrong, only that it's grossly incomplete. For a 10 second eyeball valuation of growth stocks, it's fine. But that's the extent of its usefulness.
That there are more jobs today isn't a convincing argument. There are more people to feed, more services to provide etc. I worry that large scale automation, particularly in industries with high employment numbers could be disruptive to the economy in general. As new technologies emerge and demand continues to pace population growth, additional workers will always be needed. The question is, what happens when the majority of those jobs are taken by robots, not people.
"It's a fair complaint to have. People have grown accustomed to road trips needing only 5-10 minutes to refuel and continue on. That's currently a problem in the EV market, and one that lots of manufacturers are working hard to try and fix.   Porsche just unveiled their 800 volt, 350kW charger that's 2-3 times faster charging (on paper) than the Tesla Superchargers (which operate at 480 volts, max 120kW). For example, a 75kWh battery on a Tesla can ""supercharge"" from 0 to 75kWh ""full charge"" in 37 minutes (although the battery should never be fully depleted). With Porsche's supercharger, a 75kWh battery could charge ~13 minutes. Tesla is expecting to upgrade their supercharger technology to match or exceed Porsche soon.  However, the addressable component to ""range anxiety"" in EV's is recharging, and as more companies are focusing on the EV market, addressing that problem will become first priority. Further, the batteries being used will increase in density and capability (therefore, increased range), so charging a battery will become even more important. The goal is that, in the future, you can have a 500+ mile battery and still charge it in &lt;10 minutes. If a 500+ miles battery, or a 150kWh battery pack, had access to 350kW chargers, the charge time would be ~25 minutes."
Sovereign Inn Redleaf resort a perfect blue mountain hotel to explore the beautiful outdoor sights and relax. It will give you a great treat of the local area and easy access to the things that you want to do here. Contact at: 02-6452-1366.
It depends on how you place your stop order and the type of stop orders available from your broker. If you place a stop market order and the following day the stock opens below your stop your stock will be stopped out at or around the opening price, meaning you can potentially end up with quite a large gap. If you place a stop limit order, say you place your stop at $10.00 with a limit price of $9.90, and if the price opens below $9.90, say at $9.50, your limit sell order of $9.90 will be placed onto the market but it will not be executed until the price goes back up to $9.90 or above. The third option is to place a Guaranteed Stop Loss, and as specified you are guaranteed your stop price even if the price gaps down below your stop price. You will be paying an extra fee for the Guaranteed Stop Loss Order, and they are usually mainly available with CFD Brokers (so if you are in the USA you might be out of luck).
According to Paypal, they support transactions in Ethiopia:  https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/country-worldwide https://developer.paypal.com/docs/classic/api/country_codes/ However those appear to be limited to transferring money out of the country.  (link) There is an article here (link) which talks about how to transfer money from paypal back to your bank in Ethiopia.  It sounds like you have to set up a US bank account, withdraw the funds to that then somehow transfer the money from their to your bank.   NOTE: I have no relationship to any of the sites above, nor do I know if the information is accurate or the trustworthiness of those businesses.
"You are at the point that many millions of people are at (and where I used to be) - you have no idea where your money is going. You just spend, spend, spend until there's nothing left, and/or you borrow more to keep going.  There are general rules of thumb on how much house and car you can afford, but there is a great deal of personal variation. Housing and utility costs vary greatly from location to location. City-dwellers can use public transit instead of buying and maintaining a car. How much other debt do you have that you need to pay off? Do you have expenses that are not common (e.g. medical bills)? A more personal approach would be to figure out your own budget. The first step is creating a written budget. Figure out how much you can spend in total (i.e. your take-home pay) and the start allocating that money to expenses until you run out. I started by looking backwards.  Look back at how much you spent on each category each month. List them in order of priority (e.g. food, health, housing, utilities, transportation, entertainment, everything else). If the money runs out you either stop spending or reduce spending in another category (e.g. can you cook a few extra meals at home instead of going out? Can you take lunch to work instead of a drive-through?) The amount you have left over now indicates how much more house and car you can afford. Once you get to a point where you can budget comfortably then you can start looking at saving for retirement and other long-term goals. This worked for me (and highlighted some areas where I overspent) because I had good categorized records (ironically because I used credit cards incessantly, which I mostly stopped once I created a budget). If you don't have good records, then you have to estimate.  How much do you think you spend on food, gas, etc. each month?  Then set aside that much and once it's gone don't spend anymore.  Now obviously you're not going to stop eating, but the idea is to plan ahead and realize ""I have only $20 left to spend on food this month - maybe I shouldn't go to the movies"". It takes lots of practice, and you won't get it right very often. If you have enough left over, you can set aside some as a ""cushion"" in case you do go over your budget, but if you want true financial discipline you should start by reducing other categories first. This is not easy by any means. It will take moths of practice and trial-and-error to get to a point that you're comfortable with the lifestyle that you can afford.   So in the end, there are only two variables in your equation - income and outflow.  Do you want more house? Either spend less on other things or increase your income."
This is all very basic and general advice, that works for most, but not all.  You are unique with your own special needs and desires.  Good luck! P.S.: not exactly related to your question, but when you get more familiar with investing and utilizing your money, find more ways to save more. For example, change phone plan, cut the cable, home made food in bulk, etc.
For most people, a million dollars is about right. Here's the back of the napkin math that you should consider to find your own estimate: If you take 1 and divide it by 2, that's roughly the size of the nest egg you'll need to live indefinitely. For example, if your retirement investments are earning 5% a year, and you want to live on $50,000 a year, you would need a $1,000,000 nest egg (50,000 / 0.05) Note that you don't have to make any assumptions about how long you'll live. The whole idea of a nest egg is that you live off the interest it earns each year without ever dipping into the principle. It's the gift that keeps on giving! When you die, you can pass it along to children, charities, etc.
I worked for a company who managed money for Braeburn. They are managed more like a foundation than a hedge fund. They invested in a fixed income separate account.   Yes, they definitely try to avoid taxes as the entity was domiciled in a Ireland and their offices were in Reno.   The goal of Braeburn is to maintain that huge amount of cash on the balance. avoiding taxes is an efficient way to do that.
There is also some legal argument regarding the separation of state and federal governments, and their respective powers to tax each other's income.  I don't know the arcane details, but allowing one to tax the other would require upsetting a long legal history between the two.
"I don't think there is a recession proof investment.Every investment is bound to their ups and downs.  If you buy land, a change in law can change the whole situation it may become worthless, same applies for home as well.  Gold - dependent on world economy.  Stock - dependent on world economy Best way is to stay ever vigilant of world around you and keep shuffling from one investment to another balance out your portfolio.  ""The most valuable commodity I know of is information."" - Wall Street -movie"
Great.  First foreign investors bought commercial real estate, and no one said a thing.  Then, they bought up residential real estate en mass; and we didn't flinch until it was too late.  And.............now they are buying farms????  Holy crap, the conspiracies are coming to fruition.  America is really being ripped apart from within.    Or, I could be wrong.    Anyhow, this all has one group of losers; the American people.
The term 'interest' tends to be used loosely when discussing valuation of stocks.  Especially when referring to IRAs which are generally the purvey of common-folk who aren't in the finance industry.  Often it is used colloquially to include: Using this definition (which is what I'm guessing your IRA Calculator is doing), your stock would have increased in value by a total of $26 over the course of 10 months.  Still not terribly good (only a couple percent increase), but certainly not a couple cents.
According to me, to start your networking Social networks are the huge platform. Billions of world population are present and active on social sites. Also, there is no limit of social platforms. You need to understand your business's audience and select platform accordingly.   Social Networks not only provide connections but also help you to find various events, programs running through out the world. To search for a job or provide your services, you can pick up LinkedIn, tweeter. Whereas, go for Facebook to highlight your activities and business. Not only these, but a number of forums are available for particular interests.  Half of the world likes to get full information in short words and save time. which is possible via social networks. For the beginning, you can use social sites to get the revert and interests. Then it will be easy to earn by having a physical place and audience for either job or services.
"I will answer the question from the back: who can NOT afford luxury cars? Those whose parents paid for their college education, cannot afford luxury cars, but buy them anyway. Why? I have what may seem a rather shocking proposition related to the point of not saving for kids' college: parents do NOT owe children a college education. Why should they? Did your parents fund your college? Or did you get it through a mix of Pell grants, loans, and work? If they did, then you owe them $ back for it, adjusted for inflation. If they did not, well then why do you feel your children deserve more than you deserved when you were a child? You do not owe your children a college education. They owe it to themselves. Gifts do not set one up for success, they set one up for dependence.   I will add one more hypothesis: financial discipline is best learned through one's own experiences. When an 18+ year old adult gets a very large amount of money as a gift every year for several years (in the form of paid tuition), does that teach them frugality and responsibility? My proposition is that those who get a free ride on their parents' backs are not well served in terms of becoming disciplined budgeters. They become the subjects of the question in this post: those why buy cars and houses they cannot afford, and pay for vacations with credit cards. We reap what we sow as a society.  Of course, college is only one case in point, but a very illustrative one. The bigger point is that financial discipline can only be developed when there are opportunities to develop it. Such opportunities arise under one important condition: financial independence.  What does buying children cars for their high-school graduation, buying them 4 years of college tuition, and buying them who knows what else (study abroad trips, airfare, apartment leases, textbooks, etc. etc.) teach? Does it teach independence or dependence?  It can certainly (at least that's what you hope for) teach them to appreciate when others do super nice things for them. But does free money instill financial responsibility?  Try to ask kids whose parents paid for their college WHY they did it. ""Because my parents want me to succeed"" is probably the best you can hope for. Now ask them, But do your parents OWE you a college education? ""Why yes, I guess they do."" Why? ""Well, I guess because they told me they do. They said they owe it to me to set me up for success in life."" Now think about this: Do people who become financially successful achieve that success because someone owed something to them? Or because they recognized that nobody owes them anything, and took it upon themselves to create that success for themselves? These are not very comfortable topics to consider, especially for those of you who have either already sunk many tens of thousands of dollars into your childrens' college education. Or for those who have been living very frugally and mindfully for the past 10-15 years driven by the goal of doing so. But I want to open this can of worms because I believe fundamentally it may be creating more problems than it is solving. I am sure there are some historical and cultural explanations for the ASSUMPTION that has at some point formed in the American society that parents owe their children a college education.  But as with most social conventions, it is merely an idea -- a shared belief. It has become so ingrained in conversations at work parties and family reunions that it seems that many of those who are ardent advocates of the idea of paying for their childrens' education no longer even understand why they feel that way. They simply go with the flow of social expectations, unwilling or unable to question either the premises behind these expectations, or the long-term consequences and results of such expectations.  With this comment I want to point to the connection between the free financial gifts that parents give to their (adult!) children, and the level of financial discipline of these young adults, their spending habits, sense of entitlement, and sense of responsibility over their financial decisions. The statistics of the U.S. savings rate, average credit card debt, foreclosures, and bankruptcy indeed tell a troubling story.  My point is that these trends don't just happen because of lots of TV advertising and the proverbial Jones's. These trends happen because of a lack of financial education, discipline, and experience with balancing one's own checkbook. Perhaps we need to think more deeply about the consequences of our socially motivated decisions as parents, and what is really in our children's best interests -- not while they are in college, but while they live the rest of their lives after college. Finally, to all the 18+ y.o. adult 'children' who are reeling from the traumatic experience of not having their parents pay for their college (while some of their friends parents TOTALLY did!), I have this perspective to offer:  Like you are now, your parents are adults. Their money is theirs to spend, because it was theirs to earn. You are under no obligation to pay for your parents' retirement (not that you were going to). Similarly your parents have no obligation to pay for your college. They can spend their money on absolutely whatever they want: be it a likeside cottage, vacations, a Corvette, or slots in the casino. How they spend their money is their concern only, and has nothing to do with your adult needs (such as college education).  If your parents mismanage their finances and go bankrupt, it is their obligation to get themselves back in the black -- not yours. If you have the means and may be so inclined, you may help them; if you do not or are not, fair enough. Regardless of what you do, they will still love you as their child no less.  Similarly, if your parents have the means and are so inclined, they may help you; if they do not or are not, fair enough. Regardless of what they do, you are to love them as your parents no less.  Your task as an adult is to focus on how you will meet your own financial needs, not to dwell on which of your needs were not met by people whose finances should well be completely separate from yours at this point in life. For an adult, to harbor an expectation of receiving something of value for free is misguided: it betrays unjustified, illusory entitlement. It is the expectation of someone who is clueless as to the value of money measured by the effort and time needed to earn it. When adults want to acquire stuff or services, they have to pay for these things with their own money. That's how adults live. When adults want to get a massage or take a ride in a cab, are they traumatized by their parents' unfulfilled obligation to pay for these services? No -- they realize that it's their own responsibility to take care of these needs. They either need to earn the money to pay for these things, or buy them on credit and pay off the debt later.  Education is a type of service, just like a massage or a cab ride. It is a service that you decide you need to get, in order to do xyz (become smarter, get a better paying job, join a profession, etc.). Therefore as with any other service, the primary responsibility for paying for this service is yours.  You have 3 options (or their combination): work now so that you can earn the money to pay for this service later; work part-time while you are receiving this service; acquire the service on credit and work later to pay it off. That's it. This is called the real world. The better you can deal with it, the more successful you will become in it. Good luck!"
It is certainly interesting to look at MLM in the context of the Gig Economy.  I hadn't thought of it that way but it is very much a valid comparison (for better and for worse).  As for the middleman, the large number of those is exactly why I think MLM is a silly business model for all but those at the top.
Are you planning on paying your son back?  If so, this is a loan from him.  If not, it is a gift.  Both have possible and different tax implications.  For example, gifts above $14,000 ($28,000 if your son is married) per calendar year may be subject to a gift tax.  If it is a loan, the IRS has rules about the interest rate you must pay him and taxes get more complicated if it is too low (or zero). Edit: Notice that if you are also married, I believe your son and his wife can give $14k each to each of you and your spouse.  If the house is in her name as well you may be able to pay as much as $56K without the gift tax.  Notice that this is a yearly amount, so if this was December you could get $56k in December and $56K in January.
"&gt; ...doesn't strip those people of the ability to walk by without buying.  There are plenty of examples where [""framing"" is a crime](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fraud) despite the victim having the ability to opt-out.  &gt; That idea necessarily implies that there are innate human needs that are objectively knowable.  That is a textbook [ah hoc relativist fallacy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relativist_fallacy) and a big pile of horseshit.  You're just being stubborn if you deny that everyone needs food and water and therefore claim improving access to it is not in the common good.  Regardless the bar isn't even that high as common good is defined as something that *most* agree is beneficial to all.  &gt; ...we have to address the ethical issue of who is responsible for any harm caused to innocent people in the process.  You're just spouting a whole bunch of stuff you don't really believe.  You have no moral problems with companies pushing people to buy things that make them worse in the long run or removing government regulations that other people thought were needed to protect consumers.  You are only intolerant of ""any harm"" for ideas you disagree with."
*Reuters was able to confirm at least 50 people were let go in the past three weeks*  ...so when a few bankers get sacked they make the news just like [10000 nokia employees](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/15/technology/nokia-to-cut-10000-jobs-and-close-3-facilities.html?pagewanted=all) right?    /me being deliberately provocative, I guess the real focus of the article was on the negative trend of the economy forcing banks as well as companies to rething their organization... but still, am I the only one seeing a huge bias in information here?
"This is not a direct answer to your question, but you might want to consider whether you want to have a financial planner at all. Would a large mutual fund company or brokerage serve your needs better than a bank? You are still quite young and so have been contributing to IRAs for only a few years. Also, the wording in your question suggests that your IRA investments have not done spectacularly well, and so it is reasonable to infer that your IRA is not a large amount, or at least not as large as what it would be 30  years from now. At this level of investment, it would be difficult for you to find a financial planner who spends all that much time looking after your interests. That you should get away from your current planner, presumably a mid-level employee in what is typically called the trust division of the bank, is a given.  But, to go to another bank (or even to a different employee in the same bank), where  you will also likely be nudged towards investing your IRA in CDs, annuities, and a few mutual funds with substantial sales charges and  substantial annual expense fees, might just take you from the frying pan into the fire. You might want to consider transferring your IRA to a large mutual fund company and investing it in something simple  like one of their low-cost (meaning small annual expense ratio) index funds. The Couch Potato portfolio suggests equal amounts invested in a no-load S&P 500 Index fund and a no-load Bond Index fund, or a 75%-25% split favoring the stock index fund (in view of your age and the fact that the IRA should be a long-term investment).  But the point is,  you can open an IRA account, have the money transferred from your IRA account with the bank, and make the investments on-line all by yourself instead of having a financial advisor do it on your behalf and charge you a fee for doing so (not to mention possibly screwing it up.) You can set up Automated Investment too; the mutual fund company will gladly withdraw money from your checking account and invest it in whatever fund(s) you choose.  All this is not complicated at all.  If you would like to follow the Couch Potato strategy and rebalance your portfolio once a year, you can do it  by yourself too. If you want to invest in funds other than the S&P 500 Index fund, etc. most mutual fund  companies offer a ""portfolio analysis"" and advice for a fee (and the fee is usually waived when the assets increase above certain levels - varies from company to company).  You could thus have a portfolio analysis done each year, and hopefully it will be free after a few more years.  Indeed, at that level, you also typically get one person assigned as your advisor, just as you have with a bank. Once you get the recommendations, you can choose to follow them  or not, but you have control over how and where your IRA assets are invested.  Over the years, as your IRA assets grow, you can branch out into  investments other than ""staid"" index funds, but right now, having a financial planner for your IRA might not be worth it. Later, when you have more assets, by all means if you want to explore investing in specific stocks with a brokerage instead of sticking to mutual funds only but this might also mean phone calls urging you to sell Stock A right now, or buy hot Stock B today etc. So, one way of improving your interactions and have a better experience with your new financial planner is to not have a planner at all for a few years and do some of the work yourself."
We also have for-profit, career-oriented schools which take advantage of students and get them to pay for training that used to be done on the job. The training is often sub par and the only students who do well are those who would have been able to teach themselves the skills at a fraction of the cost. The influx of minimally qualified applicants then drives down wages in that field while removing the possibility for promotion for anyone who wanted to train on the job.
"FICO 08, a newer fico formula that many lenders are simultaneously switching to now, ignores artificially lengthened credit history/score by piggybacking. So don't feel left out in that regard.  Average age of accounts is affected when closed accounts fall off your credit report, which can take 7 years, not just by closing them. But I'm not familiar with the latest ""weightings"" of these things, so its tough to say how significant it will be when that happens. There are also newer FICO formulas, that may become relevant 7 years from now, so it is definitely something to be conscious of but they aren't immediately consequential, since you can do other things to improve your credit worthiness in the near term."
With $800/month extra?  Do both. (I am ethnocentric enough to assume you live in the same country as me) First, figure out what your emergency fund should look like.  Put this money in a high yield checking or savings account.  Add to it monthly until you reach your goal.  It should be 3 to 6 months of your total monthly expenses.  It will be a lot more than $2k I suspect.  You will earn bubkis in interest, but the point of the emergency fund is a highly liquid asset for emergencies so you can choose cheaper car insurance and not buy warranties on stuff. With your $800/month, split it up this way: $416/month into a Roth IRA account at Vanguard (or Schwab or Fidelity) in the Star Fund (or similar low cost, diversified fund).  The star is $1000 to open, pretty diversified.  $416 is a lazy number that comes close to the $5000 annual limit for a Roth IRA in the US.  Contribute like clockwork, directly from your paycheck if you can.  This will make it easy to do and get you the benefit of dollar cost averaging. $200 or $300 into your savings account until you reach your emergency fund goal. $85 - $100.  Live a little.  Speculate in stocks with your vanguard account.  Or rent fancy cars.  Or taken a vacation or go party.  If you are saving $800/month in your early 20 be proud of yourself, but have a little fun too so you can let off steam.  It isn't much but you know you can play with it. Once you reach your emergency fund, save up for your future house or car or plane tickets to Paris.  Ask another question for how to save up for these kinds of goals.
The motor is a crucial part of each vehicle and it ought to be kept up properly in order to preserve it for a long time. The most imperative thing for each engine is the motor spare parts. Spare parts are the solutions that you provide for your motor to feel good and perform well.
In a business environment, this phenomenon could be easily explained by 'operational leverage'. Operational leverage is the principle that increasing revenues by a small amount can have a disproportionately large impact on net income. Consider this example: you run a business that rents out a factory and produces goods to sell to consumers. The rent costs you $10k / month, and all of your other costs depend on how many goods you produce. Assume each good gives you $10 in profit, after factoring your variable costs. If you sell 1,000 units, you break-even, because your variable profit will pay for your rent. If you sell 1,100 units, you make $1,000 net profit. If you sell 1,200 units, you double your overall profit, making $2,000 for the month. Operational leverage is the principle that adding incremental revenue will have a greater impact than the revenue already received, because your fixed costs are already 'paid for'. Similarly in personal finance, consider these scenarios: You have $1,000 in monthly expenses, and make $1,000 - your monthly savings (and therefore your wealth) will be zero.  You have $1,000 in monthly expenses, and make $1,100 - your monthly savings will be $100 per month. You have $1,000 in monthly expenses, and make $1,200 - increasing your income by ~10% has allowed your monthly savings double, at $200 per month. You have $1,000 in monthly expenses, and make $2,000 - your monthly savings are 5 times higher, when your income only increased by ~80%. Now in the real world, when someone makes more money, they will increase their expenses. This is because spending money can increase one's quality of life. So the incline does not happen quite so quickly - as pointed out by @Pete & @quid, there comes a point where increased spending provides someone with less increase in quality of life - at that point, savings really would quickly ramp up as income increases incrementally. But assuming you live the same making $2,000 / month as $1,000 / month, you can save, every month, a full month's worth of living expenses. This doesn't even factor in the impact of earning investment income on those savings. As to why the wealth exceeds income at that specific point, I couldn't say, but what I've outlined above should show how it is quite reasonable that the data is as-reported.
So, the point of the article is that the taxpayers are making up for what Walmart isn't paying. But, walmart pays way more than what it's employees are using.  Employees use government programs, Walmartpays more than double of the cost of those programs, so no cost at all is passed to the taxpayers.  Walmart WOULD be evil if they didn't pay taxes. But they do.  The article is nonsense.   We get it. You don't like big business.
No. There is no indication that the recent decline will have an impact on the house market in the UK. The reason(s) for the downward move these last few weeks are mainly due to: The last two points caused the Chinese government to decide to devaluate the Yuan. This in turn triggered an unforeseen panic attack among investors and speculators around the globe starting with the Chinese that are trading on borrowed money (not only on margin but also by using loans). The UK house prices are not influenced by the above factors, not even indirectly. The most important factors for house prices are in general: If you keep the above points in mind you should be able to decide whether now is the right time to buy a house in your area. Given that a lot of central banks (incl. BoE) are maintaining a low interest rate policy (except fed soon), now is a good time to take a mortgage. Sources used: I know interest rates are determined by the BoE which looks at the global picture to determine these rates but the main directive of a central bank is to maintain an inflation close to but not exactly 2 % as to spur on economic growth.  As such, the value of a company as valuated on the stock market is not or barely taken into account. The negligible impact is the reason why I stated that the crash in the summer of 2015 doesn't even have an indirect impact.  Also such a crash is very short lived. It's more the underlying reason for the fears that could cause issues if they drag on.
You can increase your monthly cash flow in two ways: It's really that simple. I'd even argue that to a certain extent, decreasing expenses can be more cash-positive than increasing income by the same amount if you're spending post-tax money because increasing income generally increases your taxes. So if you have a chunk of cash and you want to increase your cash flow, you could decrease debt (like Chris suggested) and it would have the same effect on your monthly cash flow. Or you could invest in something that pays a dividend or pays interest. There are many options other than real estate, including dividend-paying stocks or funds, CDs, bonds, etc. To get started you could open an account with any of the major brokerage firms and get suggestions from their financial professionals, usually for free. They'll help you look at the risk/reward aspects of various investments.
It's a way to help normalize the meaning of the earnings report. Some companies like Google have a small number of publicly traded shares (322 Million). Others like Microsoft have much larger numbers of shares (8.3 Billion). The meaning depends on the stock. If it's a utility company that doesn't really grow, you don't want to see lots of changes -- the earnings per share should be stable. If it's a growth company, earnings should be growing quickly, and flat growth means that the stock is probably going down, especially if slow growth wasn't expected.
I think it's important to be clear what is being studied here. It's the effect of a more dramatic increase in the min wage than we've seen before.  There are many studies which show no negative effect at all on employment in situations where gradual increases in the min wage happen. Just like there are several well known studies that compare similar cities with different minimum wages that show no negative affect on employment in the city with the higher wage.  But in none of those situations was the wage ever increased quite like it was in Seattle, so that's the new thing to study here.  So again, the study is clearly *not* trying to say that raising the minimum wage has a negative effect on employment. Rather it's looking at just this particular significant increase.  For me, this really is an indictment on the unwillingness of congress to gradually raise the minimum wage over time using some sort of sensible inflationary benchmark.   Had they been gradually inflating the wage over time to coincide with normal inflation, we could see a $12 min wage already that had no appreciable effect on employment.  So is the solution a sudden correction to get to the wage up to a liveable standard in one, perhaps slightly painful to employment swoop? Or is it to go more gradually, meaning that you'll still remain decades behind inflation growth?
I think you have a good start understanding the ESA. $2k limit per child per year. The other choice is a 529 account which has a much higher limit. You can deposit up to 5 years worth of gifting per child, or $65k per child from you and another $65k from your wife. Sounds great, right? The downside is the 529 typically has fewer investment options, and doesn't allow for individual stocks. The S&P fund in my 529 costs me nearly 1% per year, in the ESA, .1%. the ESA has to be used by age 30, the 529 can be held indefinitely.
You may not have a good choice until you start that job. $2,000 is awfully low for a car, so it could be very risky. But you may not be able to get a loan until you start the new job. I would talk to a bank or credit union to get an idea of how much, if anything, you could borrow at this time. If you have a letter offering you the job that might help to get a loan. There are dealers who will finance a very cheap used car for anybody, but that kind of deal is likely to be at a very high interest rate and should be avoided. You could wind up with a debt and no car. One other possibility is to have a co-signer, such as a parent or other relative. That could make getting a car loan easy.
"Elliott was arguing from the position of an original creditor.  They still had the same rights and obligations as if they bought the bond directly from the Argentinian government.  So buying the bonds at a huge discount did not mean that they gave up rights under the law.  Would your opinion differ if it was the original bondholders in the lawsuit, and not these ""vulture funds?""  Think of it this way, Elliott paid less because the original bondholders' rights were judged by the market to be unlikely to result in being paid in full.  But paying less did not extinguish any of the original bondholders' rights.   And anytime a bond holder is forced to accept modified terms that they did not agree to, the borrower is unilaterally changing the terms.  There is an argument that this is necessary for businesses and individuals, but sovereigns that can raise revenue as a matter of policy have no excuse."
"Regarding SPY: ""One SPDR unit is valued at approximately 1/10 of the value of the S&P 500. Dividends are distributed quarterly, and are based on the accumulated stock dividends held in trust, less any expenses of the trust.""  (source)  These are depository receipts, not the actual stocks. Regarding IVV: ""The component stocks are weighted according to the total float-adjusted market value of their outstanding shares. The Fund invests in sectors, such as energy, information technology, industrials, financials, consumer staples, healthcare, telecom services, consumer discretionary and materials.""  (more here) VOO is the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF. The tracking error seems pretty small to me.  I went to Google Finance and plotted the percent change for all four on one chart.  They lie pretty much on top of one another.  The actual dollar value of each one doesn't matter nearly as much as the fact that they move up and down almost in lock-step.  There may be a larger difference going farther out, but for three separate financial products, the agreement is still remarkably good."
That's true.  If you liked Vietnam, the Gulf war, and the financial crises then you'll like finance because they're all brought to you by Harvard and Yale.  They're a bunch of egotistical know-nothings who have an inflated sense of accomplishment because of the name of their school.  I agree, I would take a state schooler than any of those morons from Harvard, Yale, Naval Academy, etc.    They had their chance and they royally screwed us up.
AFAIU, you don't need pay any taxes for you amount in NRE account since this amount is already taxed. I also think, you do not need to pay taxes on the interest earned on NRE account. However, you need to disclose the amount in your Indian Bank(s), if at any point of time, exceed $10K (When converted from INR to $). This is FBAR. Sending money to non-NRE account would come under Indian Tax scanner. For instance, if your parents use that money to pay EMIs or any huge purchase, then that might cause an issue. Most of the times, these type of purchases go unnoticed. However, the party who is taking money, may ask for source, especially if its a financial institution or Govt bodies. Also, for non-NRE accounts, you need to pay taxes and on interest earned. Hope this helps!
Notice that a textbook publishing conglomorate owns the majority share of both Penguin and Random House. Golly, I wonder how those textbook guys got to be so profitable? I don't suppose they viciously abused copyright law to threaten teachers and students like thugs to extort outrageous fees for material they didn't even necessarily have rights to? Do you suppose that's how they did it?   Or was it through controlling distribution and shutting out independents and making textbook distribution pay-to-play? Hmm, why choose when they're both so profitable?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-sterling-idUSKBN1AR0M9) reduced by 75%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; LONDON - Sterling fell to a fresh 10-month low against the euro on Friday as investors added bearish bets against the British currency on concerns the economy may be struggling to gain momentum.  &gt; Sterling fell 0.2 percent to 90.92 pence against the euro, its lowest level since October 2016.  &gt; It has fallen for two consecutive weeks and has weakened nearly 9 percent against the euro since early May. Morgan Stanley strategists are predicting euro parity with the pound in the first quarter of 2018.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6thf3f/british_pound_further_down/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~190040 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **against**^#1 **since**^#2 **Sterling**^#3 **week**^#4 **euro**^#5"
that, and the fact that the internet has made pornography more widely available than ever. this article is basically about the porn industry struggling to come out with content that people are actually willing to spend money on.  oh, woah is me that the industry built on the world's oldest profession fall on hard times.
I always get hounded by some Dish TV guy when I go into the local BestBuy.  I politely tell him that I don't watch TV and am not interested, yet he keeps after me.  That's why I stopped going there.
If you mistakenly pull money out of the HSA all the ones I have looked at have a mechanism of returning the funds. Sometimes they have a form, other times the doctor or pharmacy can put the money back in. Money put back into the fund doesn't count as a contribution for that year. You shouldn't have to pull money out that you know will just be reimbursed. But there are occasions where there is no other way. Sometimes you are not sure what the exact fee will be when visiting the doctor. In other cases you have a rebate that will only be received weeks later.
Dude.  50,000 engineers.  If the entire UM ONLY produced engineers, Amazon only wants the top 10% of them to begin with.  So it would take ten years of those engineers staying in town in order to provide an adequate local supply.  Amazon had a hard time staffing to similar levels in Seattle, which everyone and their brother wants to move to, because it's beautiful and clean and well-run in comparison to most American cities. It also had Microsoft, Nintendo, Boeing, and a number of other software and engineering companies in town at the time.   I really WANT this for Detroit or Newark, because those cities are really suffering beyond what they deserve, have a housing SURPLUS, and could become great again.  But I don't feel like it's likely.
Exactly, it makes my poop pasty because it constipates me. I've not attacked anyone and you're out here being Internet big guy calling me all kinds of names and accusing me of stuff I haven't done. Nothing I've said is inaccurate or offensive. If you took it that way that is your issue you should talk to a therapist about.
You have a variety of options depending on the specifics of your situation.  I would recommend the first option if you live in an area served by TD Bank (you can also research similar banks who have both a US and Canadian presence such as RBC). In order to give a more detailed answer you'd have to expose more information in the question regarding location. Additional Notes:
"I believe there is an overtime meal allowance. That is, if an employee works ""overtime"" (defined as 7:00 p.m. for a 9:00 start, or ten-plus hours after the shift starts), the company can provide a non-taxable meal free of charge, or give a ""reasonable"" allowance ($15-$20) that must be spent outside on a meal (no drinks). This is because the employee is working extra hours at the convenience of the company. Lunches can be subsidized. That is the company can provide lunch on company premises, and must charge employees the direct costs of the food and preparing it, but can forego charging for ""overhead"" (e.g. the implied rent for the lunch facility) and profit."
See this link...I was also looking an answer to the same questions. This site explains with an example  http://www.independent-stock-investing.com/PE-Ratio.html
"(Ignoring any ethical considerations of defaulting on a mortgage obligation) If your credit score fell, future costs of borrowing would be greater, if you could borrow money at all. The true financial cost of these penalties would depend on your own intentions and circumstances. The value of a credit score cannot be quantified in any absolute sense because of these circumstances which will vary from person to person. Suppose a decision would result in your score falling from 700 to 600. As a result, a future car loan would cost something like 2% more in interest per year. Let's also suppose you would not be able to find a bank to give you money to buy a new home.  The difficulties caused by this situation would depend on the person. Some people have no intention of taking out another mortgage or buying another car, and to them, a lowered credit score might make no difference. To others, it would be desirable to avoid these penalties. The value of credit score would be equal to how much you would be willing to pay in the present to avoid these future penalties.  If you intend to borrow money in the near future, and somehow know how much more interest you will pay as a result of your lower score, then you could approximate the value of the credit drop by summing all of the additional interest costs discounted into the present. Something a little like this: Year's Additional Cost in Interest / (1 + Your Personal Opportunity Cost of Funds) ^ (Years in the future this extra interest will be paid).  See time value of money explanation: Can you explain ""time value of money"" and ""compound interest"" and provide examples of each? It could also be the case that you miss out on valuable financial opportunities as a result which could be added to the present value of the credit score drop.  For example, if the drop made you totally unable to purchase an investment property that would net you $10,000 in cash flows /year (which would yield cash flows immediately). The value of that investment would have been $10,000 / (1 + Your Personal Opportunity Cost of Funds). Since you would not be able to make that investment (in this example) as a result of the decreased score, the present value of the investment would be an opportunity cost of the lower score. There are other hard-to-quantify costs of low credit to consider as well, ranging from housing to employment to bragging rights.  Hopefully this has helped :)"
"(credits to Joe's answer above which alluded to what I was not considering) You aren't ""bypassing"" the tax liability if you invest in a home instead of, say, stocks. It's true stocks would be subject to tax during the year you cash in on them while the proceeds of a home equity loan would not affect your tax liability. HOWEVER, by taking on a new loan, you are liable for repayments. Those repayments would be made using your income from other sources, which IS taxable. So you can't avoid tax liability when financing your child's college education by using an equity line."
&gt; 8.9M in subsidies to offer discounted Internet to schools [Comcast Roundup]  But Comcast wasn't the only company who received subsidies to give internet to schools.  It sucks that Comcast, with its poor practices DID receive money for it, but they weren't the only company involved.
But then why wouldn't that be their primary mode to control their currency now/are they starting/hinting at doing so to move away from US treasuries? There must be benefits to Treasury purchasing that seems better to them, maybe that QE can't do alone?  And I have to imagine with the tenuous nature of their financial system, the shock alone from losing access to the Dollar (and before they could use QE to devalue the currency back down) would be a major issue.
I have trouble getting into the Prime original stuff.  It is in no small part that they refuse to just let me stream shit on my chromecast.  I have to stream it through my Tivo, which in theory should be no big deal, but usually, means an inconsistent and often shitty experience.  I know they want me to use their competing Fire Stick thing, but... no.  Then the actual content usually seems to be slow moving drama.  I watched several episodes of Man in the High Castle (during my multi-year checks of Prime content) and was bored even just having it on while doing other stuff.  I just saw that they have The Tick.  It might be time to check on their line-up again.  Relative to Netflix, I don't feel like Prime holds up.  It is more obnoxious to watch (finding the content seems tougher in addition to the device limitation), and the content is meh.  That said, we love Prime.  We are ordering stuff sometimes multiple times a week so the free and fast shipping is much used and loved.  I even signed up for the Unlimited ebooks thing because I read tons of shitty novels that even at 1-5 dollars a pop were adding up to over $10 a month.
A few gadgets on credit is no replacement for a viable future, nor does it invalidate poverty.  It's easy to get a couple thousand dollars, but difficult to amass any significant amount of self sufficiency.  Besides that, it fucking sucks being poor.  If not for my PC I'd be forced to commit some very depraved acts upon various orifices of strangers.  Sure poor people might be able to get a couple of gadgets, but what we cannot get is decent healthcare, education (without massive debt), economic opportunity (without nepotism) and a home of our own (instead of renting from the landed gentry and having the bank own more than half the houses in our country).
"&gt;  Facebook has become one of the big companies pushing for/creating newer better networking gear servers   Completely untrue, unless you count ""complaining about infrastructure"" as ""creating newer better networking gear servers"".  Sorry, but they do nothing demonstratively constructive in this field."
A point that hasn't been mentioned is whether paying down the mortgage sooner will get you out of unnecessary additional costs, such as PMI or a lender's requirement that you carry flood insurance on the outstanding mortgage balance, rather than the actual value/replacement cost of the structures.  (My personal bugbear:  house worth about $100K, while the bare land could be sold for about twice that, so I'm paying about 50% extra for flood insurance.)  May not apply to your loan-from-parents situation, but in the general case it should be considered. FWIW, in your situation I'd probably invest the money.
"&gt; You're the one arguing for a change away from the status quo here, to something that not only is entirely untested but requires everyone to do it at once AND everyone to think just like you do for it to 'work properly'. It's nothing but hypotheticals, yet you're saying the burden of proof is on me to 'prove' that your hypothetical scenarios won't work?  I don't have to prove anything when I'm advocating for not being a part of your system. I am in no way advocating that you be forced into mine. I'm not advocating any positive action towards you, nor anyone else. Simply arguing against the status quo doesn't place a burden of proof upon me.  &gt; That's not a thing you can do, you can't prove a negative.  Then don't make that claim. Easy as that. I laid out how the market could deal with a court system, and you devolved into making unsupported claims. When we get back to what does make sense, we can have productive conversation. It's not productive to use baseless conjecture and unsupported claims.  &gt; All i can do is say look around at all the free markets and stateless populations we have now living in perfect harmony with each other and the environment. Oh wait. They don't exist. Because they don't work in the real world.  Wrong. It does not follow that because something does not exist that it does not work.  &gt; Any advantage is going to be used to bludgeon the competition with until you have a monopoly/quasi-state  You have no evidence to support this. Why are you reverting to this nonsense?  &gt;  it relies on the population being informed in and believing in the system enough to make a conscious effort to not buy the cheaper goods at the store with the bad business practices, or potentially drive further to a different store if it's the store doing the bad practice!  No, it does not. This is a straw man. A voluntary society doesn't preclude the possibility of people buying bad food or something like that. It doesn't even preclude the possibility of third-party assurances to prevent bad food. It just doesn't have a built-in monopoly on assurance services that you have to use in order to buy/sell.  &gt; So you're saying there can never be a truly free market then?  No. People buy and sell freely all of the time. Ever bought something from Craigslist? Ebay? Silk Road? I'd say those are pretty much free markets.  &gt; You had little kids getting their arms ripped off by textile looms for fucks sake, people working 14 hour days. But it made more money than working in the fields, so #worth, right?  You're conveniently leaving out how kids worked, people toiled all day and still starved to death as the alternative up until industrialization allowed a better quality of life. It's not like they could have just passed a fucking law and mandated a 40 hour week and instantly had prosperity. It was because they did grind their way through the Industrial Revolution that we're able to live lives of leisure and prosperity. If you think that government action can get people out of poverty by decree then tell it to the third world countries that are still developing. I'm sure they'd be all ears.  &gt; Because the pooling of vast resources for disaster relief is something that states do?  That they do it doesn't mean that it couldn't happen without the state on a voluntary basis. The funding for all of these programs combined is easily less than, what, a quarter of the government's budget? If the people who made this same objection put their money where their mouth is, there would be no shortage of funding. People from the left and the right alike claim that they want these things, so which is it? Are you telling me that there are just millions and millions of people who virtue signal about humanitarian efforts?  &gt; This is my point, neither you nor I have any evidence to base this off rather than a tendency for people to be utter bastards to each other, looking at history. You're postulating that if all governments dissipated in a puff of smoke, there wouldn't be huge conflict in the resulting power vacuum?  Actually I don't think that immediately destroying governments will create the best outcomes, as that usually happens violently and results in someone wanting to fill the roles performed by government. Instead, I think that based upon history individuals are less likely to be violent when they aren't acting on behalf of governments, and they can and will find alternatives to the state that will replace it over time *if they are not violently stopped.* Here are some examples:  1. I would rather be entirely left alone by the state police agents and allowed to use my own private security. I would not be taxed for state agents and would instead pay out of pocket. This would likely lower the cost since they would be interested in preventing losses rather than busting people for parking tickets, speeding tickets, drug offenses, civil asset forfeiture, etc. Would you not agree that this is a superior model? 2. I would rather have private large-scale defense since it would not be involved in international wars of aggression. I would not be taxed and would instead pay out of pocket. All else equal, this would be less expensive and less dangerous since resources would only be used for defense. Would you not agree that this is a superior model? 3. I would rather have a private system of healthcare rather than a government one, being free to not pay into Medicare/Medicaid. This, along with eliminating certificates of need, monopolization by the AMA, eliminating IP protections, and the like would lower the cost more than nationalization would and would also allow providers to better align with my preferences. Would you not agree that this is a superior system?  &gt; Yeah, good one. There weren't any Anarchists in a position to do any of that. Great straw man.  Actually the purported left-wing ""anarchists"" in Spain did carry out what is called the Red Terror. I put that in quotes because I do not agree with their methods or their ideology. Change must be done through the market, not through violence.  &gt; WHY is the burden of proof on the 'statists'? It's the Anarchists who are arguing for the change in the status Quo.  Because appeals to tradition are not rational arguments and anarchists are not advocating for positive action against you. Statists are arguing that others be subject to their government. If a person is trying to argue against his own enslavement, he wouldn't have the burden of proof simply because he had been enslaved for some time.  &gt; You're the one making the claim that it would be a better system here with nothing to back it up  On the contrary, I do have something to back it up: the market responds better to consumer preferences on an individual level than governments do. If you disagree with me on healthcare and want a collective system, the market can put you with other like-minded individuals and me with those who share my views. A state cannot.  &gt; why do we have states right now?  You're conflating violence and efficiency. That's like saying ""if kids have such great ideas, why are they still living under their parent's rule?"" It's not because the ideas are bad, it's because the parents are keeping them there. States don't compete, they rule with violence. The notion of creating a market for violence to stop rule by violence is contradictory."
The GnuCash manual has a page with examples of opening new accounts. The tl;dr is: use the Equity:Opening Balance to offset your original amounts. The further explanation from the GnuCash page is: As shown earlier with the Assets:Checking account, the starting   balances in an account are typically assigned to a special account   called Equity:Opening Balance. To start filling in this chart of   account, begin by setting the starting balances for the accounts.   Assume that there is $1000 in the savings account and $500 charged on   the credit card. Open the Assets:Savings account register. Select View from the menu and check to make sure you are in Basic Ledger style. You will   view your transactions in the other modes later, but for now let’s   enter a basic transaction using the basic default style. From the Assets:Savings account register window, enter a basic 2 account transaction to set your starting balance to $1000, transferred   from Equity:Opening Balance. Remember, basic transactions transfer   money from a source account to a destination account. Record the   transaction (press the Enter key, or click on the Enter icon). From the Assets:Checking account register window, enter a basic 2 account transaction to set your starting balance to $1000, transferred   from Equity:Opening Balance. From the Liabilities:Visa account register window, enter a basic 2 account transaction to set your starting balance to $500, transferred   from Equity:Opening Balance. This is done by entering the $500 as a   charge in the Visa account (or decrease in the Opening Balance   account), since it is money you borrowed. Record the transaction   (press the Enter key, or click on the Enter icon). You should now have 3 accounts with opening balances set. Assets:Checking, Assets:Savings, and Liabilities:Visa.
Innovation? Last I checked, they still do the same damn thing they've been doing for the past decade or more. They just happened to have been the first successful brand in the video streaming industry when it began. No amount of free coffee and naps and beer will change that.
"Again with a question that is only tangentially linked to the statement. Perhaps one could ask ""Is it better to unload debt in financial terms or a reproductive debt, like the low birth rates of developed nations and the death of the human race... ?"", but it wouldn't be related."
I can't think of any specifically, but if you haven't already done so it would be worthwhile reading a textbook on macro-economics to get an idea of how money supply, exchange rates, unemployment and so on are thought to relate.   The other thing which might be interesting in respect of the Euro crisis would be a history of past economic unions. There have been several of these, not least the US dollar (in the 19C, I believe); the union of the English and Scottish pound (early 1600s); and the German mark. They tend to have some characteristic problems, caused partly by different parts of the union being at different stages in an economic cycle. Unfortunately I can't think of a single text which gathers this together.
"I think he's a jerk.  The whole ""Obamacare is fascism"" thing, price-gouging in multiple states at their stores, until they were caught and then ""apologized""in a video.  We'll see how things play out after Amazon does their structural realignment."
1) Yes, there are. Advances in materials or aerodynamics reduce fuel consumption thereby reducing carbon emissions.  2) There is plenty of evidence that businesses act to reduce costs.  Any important question is how they measure carbon emissions. Are the emissions charges reduced with more efficient aircraft? Airlines may find ways to reduce the charges in ways that don't necessarily help the environment.
The biggest issue with personal bankruptcy is the guilt.  We generally are brought up to believe that we should be responsible for our debts.  Bankruptcy is a direct contradiction to that concept.  Once a debtor realizes that corporations don't necessarily view bankruptcy as failure, but merely a financial tool, that makes it a lot easier to let go of the guilt.  Once that happens, all a debtor needs to get used to is the idea that s/he'll be dealing with a cash economy for a while.  Which isn't a particularly bad thing at all.  Inconvenient at times, but that's about it.
Hmm...  Oh.  I had to get the Amazon Underground (Android) app.  Now it looks like I can watch on my phone.  That's weird.  After reading more, this is the old Amazon app store, which I never reinstalled when I got my current phone.  People also manage to stream by casting their phone's screen.  Still not an elegant solution, but better than nothing.  I wonder why you need their app store to watch their video content.  I already have Amazon Music and Amazon Prime apps, seems silly to need the app store to watch video 0.o.
"Horseshit, for one it isn't the CEO that has to be a minority in these preference contracts it's the shareholders so we know you're full of shit.  Second, no company is *banned* under any of these schemes because of the race of even shareholders. Even the suggestion is fucking ridiculous because that would clearly violate the 14th amendment.   The federal gov and state governments have TONS of vendors for which a small percentage they've decided they want to make a conscious effort of hiring minority and women owned contractors. THIS DOES NOT MEAN THEY WILL NOT ACCEPT WHITE CONTRACTORS. It means that after bids are submitted they might still consider a minority or women owned bid that doesn't come in at the lowest price. In any case it's usually a small sliver of total contracts. If you're wondering why they do this for minorities and women, they do it for a bunch of different categories including veterans and small businesses. It's a feel good story.  Your company did not lose a contract because your CEO is white, that is just a fucking lie. Your company might have lost a bid to a woman or minority owned contractor. To which, I say ""tough."" You might have lost the contract anyway to another bidder. Maybe your work wasn't as good as you say. We have no way to know without knowing your bid and their bid and if they are in fact minority owned.  So as of now you're just some guy bitching about losing his job on the internet. Go somewhere with that bullshit."
Regarding the Summer of 2011 Crisis: There is NO reason that the United States cannot continue borrowing like it is just based on a particular ratio:  Debt to GDP. The Debt to GDP ratio right now is around 100%, or 1:1. This means the US GDP is around $14 Trillion and its debt is also around $14 trillion.  Other countries have higher debt:gdp ratios Japan - for instance - has a debt:gdp ratio of 220% Regarding a selloff of stocks, dollars and bonds: you have to realize that selling pressure on the dollar will make THE PRICE OF EVERYTHING increase. So commodities and stocks will skyrocket proportionally. The stockmarket can selloff faster than the dollar though. And both markets have circuit breakers that can attempt to curb quick selloffs. Effectiveness pending.
"I was surprised to learn that ""blocking and tackling"" was supposed to be a football metaphor. I always thought it was referring to a system of ropes and pulleys ([block and tackle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Block_and_tackle)). I always thought it was just a synonym for ""execution"" / hard work, since block and tackle is a symbol for direct, physical labor. This is what I get for avoiding sports in high school."
This depends on: Here in the US where I am, interest rates were around 3.9% when I fixed my mortgage. This underperforms the market, e.g., a total market ETF like $VTI or an SP500 ETF like $VOO have expected returns of ~7+%, the current market growth rate. So, in theory I am better off paying into the market, and making returns greater than my interest rate, rather than paying into the equity.  HOWEVER, past market returns do not guarantee future market returns. The market could reset. It could crash. Are you willing to accept this risk? You have to analyze what happens if the market suffers say a 30% correction and you lose a lot of money quickly.  I would certainly not invest in individual (non-ETF) stocks, or you are really exposing yourself to risk.
"Assuming that the ETF is tracking an index, is there a reason for not looking at using details on the index?  Typically the exact constituents of an index are proprietary, and companies will not publish them publicly without a license.  S&P is the heavyweight in this area, and the exact details of the constituents at any one time are not listed anywhere.  They do list the methodology, and announcements as to index changes, but not a full list of actual underlying constituents. Is there a easy way to automatically (ie. through an API or something, not through just reading a prospectus) get information about an ETF's underlying securities? I have looked for this information before, and based on my own searches, in a word: no.  Index providers, and providers of APIs which provide index information, make money off of such services.  The easiest way may be to navigate to each provider and download the CSV with the full list of holdings, if one exists.  You can then drop this into your pipeline and write a program to pull the data from the CSV file.  You could drop the entire CSV into Excel and use VBA to automagically pull the data into a usable format. For example, on the page for XIU.TO on the Blackrock site, after clicking the ""All Holdings"" tab there is a link to ""Download holdings"", which will provide you with a CSV.  I am not sure if all providers look at this. Alternatively, you could write the ETF company themselves."
Nice idea, but you will have a potential problem. State lawmakers have already considered this option: I looked at this site: Saving for college because it include info for on all the plans. For Illinois it discuses income tax recapture. Effective January 1, 2007, rollovers from this plan to an out-of-state   program are included in Illinois taxable income to the extent of prior   Illinois deductions. Effective January 1, 2009, nonqualified   distributions from this plan are included in Illinois taxable income   to the extent of prior Illinois deductions. Most of the states have similar wording. When looking up the law the key word is recapture. The reason why there is no recapture provision at the federal level is that there is no tax deduction on contributions. The 10% penalty make it less likely that somebody would want to have nonqualified distributions. If a state gives a tax deduction in the year of the contribution they want to demand that tax deduction back if the funds are not used for educational purposes. Generally there are of course provisions for scholarships, death, and disability.
"The usual approach is to set up a ""Friends of X Park"" charity.  The charity raises money and then donates it towards work done in the park.  Here's an example that's local to me: Friends of Hastings Country Park. There will be quite a bit of work needed to set up a new charity, so it will only be worth it if there's enough money likely to be raised."
"If your financial needs aren't complex, and mostly limited to portfolio management, consider looking into the newish thing called robo-advisers (proper term is ""Automated investing services"").  The difference is that robo-advisers use software to manage portfolios on a large scale, generating big economy of scale and therefore offering a much cheaper services than personal advisor would - and unless your financial needs are extremely complex, the state of the art of scaled up portfolio management is at the point that a human advisor really doesn't give you any value-add (and - as other answers noted - human advisor can easily bring in downsides such as conflict of interest and lack of fiduciary responsibility).  disclaimer: I indirectly derive my living from a company which derives a very small part of their income from a robo-adviser, therefore there's a possible small conflict of interest in my answer"
Buy a 3D printer for your son so he learn how to design, build and not be limited in any shape or form.  Some 3D printers cost less than a big Lego set (you can get a 3D printer for less than $300)
Banking is highly regulated, but you may want to have a look at Basel II which is kind of an international standard on how to create banking regulations. Your country/state may have considered this when creating its own local regulation; the United States do.
Some financial planners would not advise one way or the other on a specific stock without knowing your investment strategy... if you didn't have one, their goal would be to help you develop one and introduce you to a portfolio management framework like Asset Allocation. Is a two of clubs a good card?  Well, that all depends on what is in your hand (diversification) and what game you are playing(investing strategy). One possibility to reduce your basis over time if you would like to hold the stock is to sell calls against it, known as a 'covered-call'.  It can be an intermediate-term (30-60+ months depending on option pricing) trading strategy that may require you to upgrade your brokerage account to allow option trades.  Personally I like this strategy because it makes me feel proactive about my portfolio rather than sitting on the side lines and watching stocks move.
Thanks, at the moment I don't plan to do alot of trading just need to sell a few shares at the moment and might sell some more more at another point, but other than that I don't plan on touching the stock and just plan on letting it re-invest itself. Since I don't plan on doing alot of selling I don't know how much I need to worry about fee's as long as they aren't too steep.
As your question appears in the second half, so will my answer.  Like you, I will provide some background.  I remember buying gasoline for $1.759 per gallon.  I am so old that I remember buying gasoline for $0.759 per gallon.  I recently paid $2.759 per gallon.  You claim that your  relative is not getting a very good return.  Some would suggest that, at $2.759 per gallon, I am not getting a very good price on gasoline.  Rates, yields, returns and the price of gas are not what they once were.  It is actually difficult to get a pretty bad return relative to the current market.  I suspect your relative is no longer getting what he used to get but he is getting a fair return. About record keeping.  Your Uncle Sam benefits at your expense when you keep poor records.  There are substantial penalties for failing to report everything.  Most high school graduates can manage one checking account, one savings account, several charge cards and about 20 CDs and stocks at different institutions with little more than the following:  a) a wall calendar b) a shoe box and c) a stack of 3 by 5 cards.  Don't misplace the shoe box.  If you can use a spreadsheet, it is even easier.  Backup your data. There are a several reasons why you shouldn't consolidate all his cash and put it in a single mutual fund account and then put together a mix of investments that work well for him.  - you are doing it backwards 1st put together a mix of investments that work well for him 2nd consolidate the assets.  Your phrasing suggests a general lack of understanding  - most CDs have penalties for early withdrawal.   - while you enjoy managing your 401K in a single online account, your older relative might not be as comfortable with a lack of paper statements (see shoe box above)  Let me tell you a little about my 401K.  x% blue chip, y% small cap, z% bonds, w% foreign stock.  Once a quarter, I change my current contribution to re-balance current value towards my target percentages.  Every 30 months or so, I consider changing my asset allocation.  The allocation considers my age, my spouses age, our childrens ages, my risk tolerance and my intermediate view of the markets.  Your mileage my vary. to recap
Reducing supply doesn't cause demand.  It may shift the equilibrium price, or supply can fall even faster than demand.  Certain goods are pretty inelastic, such as food - people will still pay for it even if the price goes up because the alternative is starving to death.  In that case you have a point that cost of production puts a price floor there.    For completely elastic goods such as bitcoin which have no intrinsic use or demand beyond people that think it is a speculative investment, it's a totally different situation.  Why is it that I find in any discussion about bitcoin the pro bitcoin side has not even a high school level understanding of basic economics?
I can do better, I can show you [sources](http://www.eeoc.gov/policy/docs/qanda_religion.html):  &gt; Religious Organization Exception: Under Title VII, religious organizations are permitted to give employment preference to members of their own religion. The exception applies only to those institutions whose “purpose and character are primarily religious.” Factors to consider that would indicate whether an entity is religious include: whether its articles of incorporation state a religious purpose; whether its day-to-day operations are religious (e.g., are the services the entity performs, the product it produces, or the educational curriculum it provides directed toward propagation of the religion?); whether it is not-for-profit; and whether it affiliated with, or supported by, a church or other religious organization.  Looks like my plumbing example may have been extreme because it doesn't necessarily have a religious purpose under those terms, but to be fair neither does the fortune 500 christian insurance company, whose primary purpose is to sell insurance, I was referring to earlier whose large legal department said we were legally safe to hire only christian salesmen and board members.
I get it! It was not Obama fault - it was Bush. And it's not Trump achievement - it is Obama.  What's next? As you know, in 8 years Obama never achieved GDP over 3%. Last quarter, the GDP was over 3%. Is that because of Obama, or, maybe, just maybe, because of Trump?  And the stock market breaking records: probably because of lack of faith in Trump.
spammers don't want the competition, they downvote anything else.  It must be a single spam gang, or they'd be downvoting each other.  Unless maybe they called a truce among themselves.  Basically, I'm saying that spammers own this reddit.  Mods have given up?
Well, kind of XD. I usually just look through Business Week for the ADRs that are on the OTC market. I don't do anything major, but why I love them is that they have a greater reach than just ADRs on the NYSE or NASDAQ. Like for instance, if I wanted to own Thai or European stocks, many of the larger, more reputable firms are listed on the OTC market. Having said that, most other sites don't have earnings reports laid out for you. Business Week does. The only fancy thing I am interested in are options and options on futures, and Bar Chart is good for the latter.
I am from India. I visited US 6-8 times on business VISA and then started 2 Member LLC. Myself and My wife as LLC Members. We provide Online Training to american students from India. Also Got EIN number. Never employed any one. Do i need to pay taxes? Students from USA pays online by Paypal and i am paying taxes in India. Do i need to pay Taxes in US? DO i need to file the Tax returns? Please guide me. I formed LLC in 2010. I opened an Office-taken Virtual office for 75 USD per month to open LLC in 2010. As there is physical virtual address, am i liable for US taxes? All my earning is Online, free lancing.
There is no ideal number of stocks you should own. There are several factors you should consider though. First, how actively do you want to manage your portfolio. If you want to be very active then the number of stocks you own should be based on the amount of time you have to research the company, by reading SEC filings and listening to conference calls, so you are not surprised when the company reports every quarter. If you don't want to be very active, then you are better off buying solid companies that have a good reputation and good history of performance.  Second, you should decide how much risk you are willing to take. If you have $10,000 that you can afford to lose, then you can put your money into more risky stocks or into fewer stocks, which could potentially have a higher return. If you want your $10,000 grow (or lose) with the market, better off, again, going with the good rep and history stocks or a variety of stocks.  Third, this goes along with your risk to some extent, but you should consider if you are looking for short term or long term gains? If you are looking to put your money in the market for the short term, you will probably be looking at fewer stocks with more money in each. If you are looking for long term, you will be around 5 stocks that you swap as they reach goals you set out for each stock.  In my opinion, and I am not a financial expert, I like to stay at around 5 companies, mostly for the fact that it is about the ideal number of companies to keep track of.
As long as your total doesn't exceed the per-year limit, you should be able to deposit after-tax money into your Health Savings Account. Contact the HSA administrator for details. Note that unless your employer sets this up, you'd be sending them after-tax money, which goes in the same category as other non-reimbursed health expenses, so you may not get any immediate tax savings by doing this vs. just spending the money out of pocket. However, once there us enough reserve money in your HSA for you to invest it in the same way a 401k can be invested, it will grow tax-free. So if you're putting in significantly more than you expect to withdraw any time soon, this may still be a worthwhile thing to do. Definitely talk to HR about whether you can still get it set up pre-tax... though most employers don't allow midyear changes unless there has been a significant change in your family (new wife, new kids, that sort of thing).
"Oh, the ""risk management"" guy.  The guy who gets the call after the fact?  The guy who is a cost center; gets no credit when things go up and all the blame when things go wrong?  Ya, I know all about those from my days as a ""student."""
"Holy shit!!!!  You mean sucking up all the liquidity from the real economy and giving to the banks in a funny money scheme at ""Head up the ass"" valuations for toxic assets and then forcing people to take menial jobs at a fraction of the pay, fudging the Employment data and calling it a recovery did not work?  huh?!!!  Jeepers . . .Who would thunk that"
Both the PS3 and the PS4 allows the user to swap the HDD for an SSD without voiding the warranty and step-by-step details can be found in their respective instruction manuals and online. Their examples assume you are merely swapping between different HDD but and SSD is equally suited for these systems.  Only problem, if you can call it that, is that these consoles and their games are already designed so that the storage drive isnt a massive bottlenecks but you still see a few seconds of speed improvements. Like instead of 15 second load time you see 13-14. Probably noticeable but its not a mind blowing difference and a casual user would probably not notice. If we were talking about 50% reductions it would be something most people would notice.  Its also worth mentioning that all old cart based system are SSD systems and work by you switching SSDs to play different games. These systems had extremely fast loading times but also far smaller storage when compared to disc based systems.   SSD and Hybrid SSD speed tests by IGN on PS4  http://ign.com/wikis/playstation-4/PlayStation_4_Hard_Drive_Speed_Test_Comparison  Offical guides from Sony on how to swap storage drives  https://support.us.playstation.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/362/~/upgrade-the-hard-disk-drive-(hdd)  https://support.us.playstation.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/5107/~/upgrade-ps4-hdd
One way I heard of, from a friend who ran a similar fund as yours, is to calculate $days of investment and divide the investment as accordingly.  For example, If I invested 10$ for 10 days and you have invested 20$ for 5 days. At the end of the 10th day my $day = 10*10=100, while your $day=20*5=100. If the investement has grown to 100$, the I should get $100/(100+100)*100=$50, you also should get the same. This I guess is equitable, you could try dividing the corpus with above method. It consideres the amount invested as well as the time invested for. I think by the above method, you could also handle the inbetween withdrawals.
Let me add a few thoughts that have not been mentioned so far in the other answers.  Note that for the decision of buying vs. renting a home i.e. for personal use, not for renting out there's a rule of thumb that if the price for buying is more than 20 year's (cold) rents it is considered rather expensive. I don't know how localized this rule of thumb is, but I know it for Germany which is apparently the OP's country, too. There are obviously differences between buying a house/flat for yourself and in order to rent it out. As others have said, maintenance is a major factor for house owners - and here a lot depends on how much of that you do yourself (i.e. do you have the possibility to trade working hours for costs - which is closely related to financial risk exposure, e.g. increasing income by cutting costs as you do maintenance work yourself if you loose your day-time job?).  This plays a crucial role for landlords I know (they're all small-scale landlords, and most of them do put in substantial work themselves): I know quite a number of people who rent out flats in the house where they actually live. Some of the houses were built with flats and the owner lives in one of the flats, another rather typical setup is that people built their house in the way that a smaller flat can easily be separated and let once the kids moved out (note also that the legal situation for the landlord is easier in that special case). I also know someone who owns a house several 100 km away from where they live and they say they intentionally ask a rent somewhat below the market price for that (nice) kind of flat so that they have lots of applicants at the same time and tenants don't move out as finding a new tenant is lots of work and costly because of the distance.   My personal conclusion from those points is that as an investment (i.e. not for immediate or future personal use) I'd say that the exact circumstances are very important: if you are (stably) based in a region where the buying-to-rental-price ratio is favorable, you have the necessary time and are able to do maintenance work yourself and there is a chance to buy a suitable house closeby then why not. If this is not the case, some other form of investing in real estate may be better. On the other hand, investing in further real estate closeby where you live in your own house means increased lump risk - you miss diversification into regions where the value of real estate may develop very differently.  There is one important psychological point that may play a role with the observed relation between being rich and being landlord. First of all, remember that the median wealth (without pensions) for Germany is about 51 k€, and someone owning a morgage-free 150 k€ flat and nothing else is somewhere in the 7th decile of wealth. To put it the other way round: the question whether to invest 150 k€ into becoming a landlord is of practical relevance only for rich (in terms of wealth) people. Also, asking this question is typically only relevant for people who already own the home they live in as buying for personal use will typically have a better return than buying in order to rent. But already people who buy for personal use are on average wealthier (or at least on the track to become more wealthy in case of fresh home owners) than people who rent. This is attributed to personal characteristics and the fact that the downpayment of the mortgage enforces saving behaviour (which is typically kept up once the house is paid, and is anyways found to be more pronounced than for non-house-owners). In contrast, many people who decide never to buy a home fall short of their initial savings/investment plans (e.g. putting the 150 k€ into an ETF for the next 21 years) and in the end spend considerably more money - and this group of people rarely invests into directly becoming a landlord.  Assuming that you can read German, here's a relevant newspaper article and a related press release.
2 years at GS IBD and 1 years at ONEX private equity. And a few more years in PE at 3G should qualify you to be VP of finance at many (midsized) companies. Definitely crazy to here that he got to KraftHeinz but heh if 3G believes in him what do I know.
"Your agent doesn't understand what ""willing to sell"" means in the housing big market.  Willing to sell doesn't mean they can wait forever to sell. It used to be these people were moving so they had to sell their house. Now the people who own houses don't need to sell it because they can just sit around and rent it to someone.   If people are unwilling to list the house they are unwilling to sell the house."
"&gt;In October, I am going to owe 12 apple-bushels to ""the economy"", so isn't the 12-Loddar IOU cancelled out? Really, the 12-Loddar IOU is a pre-order.  This is the kind of stuff that will make your head spin if you try to make everything fit into analogies. You can't ""cancel out"" the value that has been created or destroyed-- those 12 loddars already bought a deer and a pair of shoes (plus you grew a bushel of apples). That's 36 loddars worth of stuff that exists in the world. (actually, it's a lot more, because you also paid farm-workers and I bought arrows and the shoemaker bought leather and that money has been spent on other things and so on).  The economic term for this concept is ""velocity of money"", and it gets into stuff that I didn't really cover above.   &gt;(b) If we take your metaphor to the modern age, handwritten IOUs won't work anymore; they have to be central-bank-printed notes;  That's not true. Handwritten IOUs are are traded pretty routinely at my friday-night poker game. Moreover, in business it's pretty common to order parts and things on a ""Net 30"" Purchase Order, meaning the buyer will send payment within 30 days of receiving the stuff, and nobody needs permission from Ben Bernanke to do that.   You actually do the same any time you buy something on a payment plan or use a ""bill me later"" type option.   It's easy to get into a routine of paychecks and bills and lose sight of the fact that everyone is actually *creating value* all the time (well, most people are). Dollars are just the markers that we use."
"Ha! They'll be hit with a fine and settle some civil suits and that'll be it.  - Wells Fargo committed 2 million counts of fraud.  They also went to FINRA and burned thousands of their employees who refused to play along.  They were fined about $250m.  Curiously, they were fined a lot more for selling mortgages too complicated for Joe Schmo to comprehend.  - BNP Paribas traded with Iranians despite sanctions.  ""Light treason."" Big fine, but not enough to put them out of business.  - HSBC laundered a bunch of money for the Mexican cartels.  - CSFB, et al. helped thousands of wealthy Americans hide money from the IRS.    - In the 70s, Ford [knowingly](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:9e4X1Tnjnp4J:https://philosophia.uncg.edu/phi361-metivier/module-2-why-does-business-need-ethics/case-the-ford-pinto/+&amp;cd=2&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=us) sold cards that would sometimes explode if they were rear ended at 20mph. People died. The guy who led that project became the most celebrated American CEO of the 80s.   - GM knowingly sold cars with defective ignition switches. People died.  - VW installed a device to cheat on emissions tests, in effect lieing to the government every time their cars were smogged.    - BP cut corners, built a shitty rig that burned down, killed a bunch of people, and pissed crude all over the Gulf of Mexico, under an environmentally friendly Democratic president, and they're still around.  It wasn't even their only big spill that year in American waters."
How did you achieve a job in IR? I work in FP&amp;A and IR seems way more interesting. The one IR analyst we have always has the coolest models and it seems like a fun/interesting career. There just aren't too many IR ugrads it seems.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bitcoin-funding-tezos-specialreport/special-report-backroom-battle-imperils-230-million-cryptocurrency-venture-idUSKBN1CN35K) reduced by 97%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; ZUG, Switzerland/NEW YORK - Just three months ago, a tech project called Tezos raised $232 million online in a wildly successful &amp;quot;Initial coin offering,&amp;quot; in which new digital currency is parceled out to buyers.  &gt; Georg von Schnurbein, co-author of a book on Swiss foundation governance, expressed surprise over cryptocurrency ventures like Tezos setting up not-for-profit foundations in Switzerland.  &gt; Kevin Zhou, co-founder of the cryptocurrency trading fund Galois Capital, said he invested about five bitcoins in Tezos, which he considers overall one of the better ICOs.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/77m6f4/special_report_backroom_battle_imperils_230/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~231942 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Tezos**^#1 **foundation**^#2 **Breitman**^#3 **Reuters**^#4 **Gevers**^#5"
JP Morgan didn't need a bailout, but was forced to take it. It used those funds to buy out two other large banks, and Jamie Dimon helped save the US economy. He basically took on the role of the original JP Morgan. JP Morgan was the least complicit of the large banks, and had very little exposure to the bad mortgages that led to the crash, nor did they profit off of shorting it like Goldman did.
"Value averaging has you shift the balance of your portfolio over time, not the amount of contributions.  So you can only do it if you have a portfolio holding both risky assets (shares etc) and some cash. You start out by making a plan about how much you will contribute every month and at what rate you expect the share part of the portfolio to grow.  Perhaps based on 20th century data you think an 8% growth rate is reasonable.  Or alternatively if you know your desired final amount obviously you can work backwards to a desired rate from that. If in any month the share part is falling below its expected growth path, you would put more money into it: possibly your whole paycheck contribution plus some from the savings cash account.  On the other hand if the share component is growing ""too fast"" you would put all your additional savings into cash.  So if your investments are doing well, you're not supposed to spend the excess money, but rather to put it aside into a dedicated cash account to top up your share component when prices fall. In theory, this has the auto-levelling benefit of Dollar Cost Averaging, but even better: when prices are high, you'll automatically buy fewer shares, or even sell some; conversely when prices are low you'll buy extra shares from your reserve account. If it turns out your estimate was unreasonably optimistic, and over your lifetime shares only ever average 3%, you'll end up with an entirely share portfolio, and a bumpier ride than you might have liked.  If you have horrible luck and over your entire investing life shares return less than cash (which has happened, though not yet in the USA), then this will be worse than a standard balanced portfolio. The original book Value Averaging by Edelson has a pretty good explanation of various cases, though I would say some of the examples are worked in excessive detail. I have not implemented this myself, one reason being that the amount I'm able to save from year to year varies, as it probably does for you, and so predicting a path is not quite so simple as he assumes.  You could still do it I suppose. I think you could get a very crude approximation to this by simply directing your savings into cash when the share market's rate of growth over the last several years is above what you think is the long term average."
"You have to be the owner of record before the ex-dividend date, which is not the same day as the date the dividend is paid. This also implies that if you sell on or after the ex-dividend date, you'll still get the dividend, even if you no longer own the stock.  Keep in mind, also, that the quoted price of the stock (and on any open orders that are not specifically marked as ""do not reduce"") on its ex-dividend date is dropped by the amount of the dividend, first thing in the morning before trading starts. If you happen to be the first order of the day, before market forces cause the price to move, you'll end up with zero gain, since the dividend is built into the price, and you got the same value out of it -- the dividend in cash, and the remaining value in stock. As pointed out in the comments (Thanks @Brick), you'll still get a market price for your trade, but the price reduction will have had some impact on the first trade of the day. Source: NYSE Rule 118.30 Also, remember that the dividend yield is expressed in annualized terms. So a 3% yield can only be fully realized by receiving all of the dividend payments made by the company for the year. You can, of course, forget about individual companies and just look for dividends to create your own effective yield over time. But, see the final point... Finally, if you keep buying and selling just to play games with the dividends, you're going to pay far more in transaction fees than you will earn in dividends. And, depending on your individual circumstances, you may end up paying more in capital gains taxes."
Sometimes hedging is used if you have a position and you feel the market is going against your position, so one would hedge that position in order to protect their capital and possible profits instead of closing the position and incurring capital gains tax. Personally if the market was going against a position I had open I would get out of that position and protect my capital/profits instead of using more capital to hedge against my position. I would rather take a profit and pay some capital gains tax than watch my profits turn into a loss or use up more capital to try and protect a bad position. Hedging can be useful in certain circumstances but I think if you feel the market is going against your position/s for the medium to long term you should just get out of your positions instead of hedging against them.
I have only found solution for UK residents so far, see the article on This Is Money: Cheapest index-tracking funds: Trackers with the lowest charges - and the best ways to invest in them
"Maybe it's just the silicon valley environment, but no one wants to loan growing less-established businesses jack shit around here, everyone is all about equity investments.  It seems like ""develop, refine, release, IPO"" is the only business model anyone wants to invest in."
Let P denote the amount of the investment, R the rate of return and I the rate of inflation.  For simplicity, assume that the payment p is made annually right after the return has been earned.  Thus, at the end if the year, the investment P has increased to P*(1+R) and p is returned as the annuity payment. If I = 0, the entire return can be paid out as the payment, and thus p = P*R. That is, at the end of the year, when the dust settles after the return P*R has been collected and paid out as the annuity payment, P is again available at the beginning of the next year to earn return at rate R. We have P*(1+R) - p = P If I > 0, then at the end of the year, after the dust settles, we cannot afford to have only P available as the investment for next year. Next year's payment must be p*(1+I) and so we need a larger investment since the rate of return is fixed.  How much larger?  Well, if the investment at the beginning of next year is P*(1+I), it will earn exactly enough additional money to pay out the increased payment for next year, and have enough left over to help towards future increases in payments. (Note  that we are assuming that R > I. If R < I, a perpetuity cannot be created.)  Thus, suppose that we choose p such that P*(1+R) - p = P*(1+I)   Multiplying this equation by (1+I), we have [P(1+I)]*(1+R) - [p*(1+I)] = P*(1+I)^2 In words, at the start of next year, the investment is P*(1+I) and the return less the increased payout of p*(1+I) leaves an investment of P*(1+I)^2 for the following year.  Each year, the payment and the amount to be invested for the following year increase by a factor of (1+I). Solving P*(1+R) - p = P*(1+I) for p, we get  p = P*(R-I)  as the initial perpetuity payment and the payment increases by a factor (1+I) each year.  The initial investment is P and it also increases by a factor of (1+I) each year. In later years, the investment is P*(1+I)^n at the start of the year, the payment is p*(1+I)^n and the amount invested for the next year is P*(1+I)^{n+1}. This is the same result as obtained by the OP but written in terms that I can understand, that is, without the financial jargon about discount rates, gradients, PV, FV and the like.
You may refer to project http://jstock.sourceforge.net. It is open source and released under GPL. It is fetching data from Yahoo! Finance, include delayed current price and historical price.
The worst offender is the Apple logo on iPhone cases.  I mean, don't get me wrong, I actually love Apple products, but Jesus Christ why does every case have a hole *cut away from the case* so people can see the Apple Logo underneath the case?  [Every](http://www.caseswill.com/images/v/201112/stylish-beautiful-flower-back-cover-case-back-protector-for-iphone-4-4s-silver-p13228927270.jpg)  [Damn](http://www.lifeproof.com/shop/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/1/3/1362-01_3.jpg)  [iPhone](http://images.askmen.com/entertainment/guy_gear/iphone-5s-accessories_1380038869.jpg)   [Case](http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0155/9531/files/iPhone_5S_back_protector.jpg)  [Has](http://www.casesinthebox.com/images/v/201204/simple-soft-tpu-back-cover-case-for-iphone-4g-4s-red-p13353660820.jpg)  [Holes](http://www.gadgetmac.com/storage/product-images/lifeproof_waterproof_iphone_5_case_back.jpg)  It doesn't make any sense, I mean I guess people want to show off the fact that they have an iPhone... but *iPhones cost the same as their equivalent Android phones*. Everytime I see one of those cases with the logo cut out I just shake my head.   People literally go up and out of their way to make sure they can advertise a company they have no stake in.
"BBB is a paid service, certainly not sterling and like all businesses, results tend to follow the money.  IMO, as a consumer info source, it's about as reliable as Yelp or other customer review sites. BBB is not dishonest, will respond to consumer feedback over time.  Years ago, back when I owned small biz, found BBB useful for both good customer relations &amp; promotion. The good sellers would pressure BBB to unlist bad actors, usually worked OK over time but not immediate.  Just like Yelp, also had to deal with some *sshole customers who would use BBB complaints in an attempt to ""get back"" and/or avoid payment, etc.  BBB listing  is one of several consumer feedback sources to consider.  Some dodgy sellers always manipulate feedback from  BBB and every other sources/sites, but it's much harder to cover poor performance up these days, info is there if you dig a bit deeper."
You can move money in and out of the business at will, just keep track of every transaction. Ideally you'd use an accounting software like QuickBooks or similar. Create a Capital Contributions account and every time you put money into the business checking account record it as a Capital Contribution. Likewise, if you take money out of the business, it comes from your capital accounts. (You can create a separate Capital Distributions account in your accounting software, or just use a single account for contributions and distributions). Money coming in and out of those capital accounts is not taxable because you will pay taxes based on net earnings regardless of whether or not you have distributed any profits. So there's no need to make a loan to the company, which would have tax consequences. To reimburse yourself for purchases already made, submit an expense report to the company. If the company is unfunded right now, you can make a capital contribution to cover current expenses, submit the expense report, and wait until you have some profits before paying out the expense report or making any distributions. Welcome to entrepreneurship.
"There are cases where it makes sense to insure something, even if you can bear its loss.  Insurance is a tool to control risk.  One reason you might want to control risk is indeed if you cannot afford to bear it's loss.  However, there are other reasons you might wish to insure something when you look at your life in totality. Let's say you have $100 to work with, and you have an item A that costs $30. Perhaps you really need A in your life, but its clear here that you can afford to replace it, so maybe you don't insure it.  Then you get item B, which also costs $30, and item C which costs $30.  We can see that you can cover all three of these (total value $90), so one might argue that you don't need to insure it. Now let's add item D onto the plate, also at a cost of $30.  Now you're in an interesting position, with 4 items you depend on, A B C and D, which have a sum total replacement cost of $120.  Now if all of these break or are stolen, you no longer have the funds to replace them.  Of course, what are the odds that all of them break at the same time?  You may be able to do the math to determine the probability of going broke, and use that to determine whether you want to insure the item or not. Now consider that you will have to make a similar mathematical analysis for every additional purchase you make.  You will also have items which you can ""bear to lose"" but you really don't want to.  These can add a large amount of effort to every decision you make.  It may be worth getting insurance in such a case.  One could think of the purchase in two parts.  There is the part that accounts for the statistical expectation of loss, and the other is the insurance company's profits.  The profits could be thought of as paying the insurance company for a service which makes it easier for you to think through complicated decisions by removing risk."
The calculators on this site should help: http://www.measuringworth.com/  They allow you to choose a currency (only about half a dozen are available), enter an amount and the years to compare, and then provides feedback in a table. Obviously you will need to be careful which calculator you choose. If they don't cover the currencies you are dealing with, see this site: http://projects.exeter.ac.uk/RDavies/arian/current/howmuch.html They provide numerous links that, while they don't provide sleek calculators per se, they do offer guidance on how to handle conversions  yourself. Regarding comparing the cost to something like gold, to try and help younger readers, I think it's a good idea but gold is not the ideal choice for comparison. I'd recommend something more tangible like household goods - what a Playstation would have cost in 1930s money etc. In short: the value of gold is esoteric even for most adults - concrete examples would be better.
"And my CPA is saying no way, it will cost me many thousands in taxes   and doesn't make any sense. I'd think so too. It looks like it converts from capitol gains at 14% to something else at about 35% Can be, if your gain under the Sec.1231 rules is classified as depreciation recapture. But, perhaps the buyers will be saving this way? Not your problem even if they were, which they aren't. I would not do something my CPA says ""no-way"" about. I sometimes prefer not doing some things my CPA says ""it may fly"" because I'm defensive when it comes to taxes, but if your CPA is not willing to sign something off - don't do it. Ever."
Stuart Macfarlane Therapist According to Stuart MacFarlane, an experienced psychotherapist, depression is an illness that impacts the brain, which can negatively affect the way an individual feels, thinks and behaves. It typically causes severe feelings of sadness and a loss of interest in activities that were once enjoyable.
Get used to it. This trend won't change while investors are 100% focused on quarterly results at the expense of long-term investment and growth strategies from companies. Successful businesses that don't need a large capital injection will stay the course knowing that in mid to long-term their net worth will be higher.
"&gt;As a legal matter, shareholders who purchase shares of stock in a  corporation own nothing more than that—shares of stock. Similarly, bondholders own only bonds, and executives with employment contracts own their contracts. None of these types of ownership give shareholders, bondholders or executives the right to control the firm. The right to control the firm’s assets and actions rests in the hands of its board of directors, and only when they act as a body and follow proper board procedures.  All this says is ""decisions are made by the board."" This is not news, and it doesn't mean that shareholders do not own the company. Shareholders elect the board, by the way.  &gt;An important consequence of this governance structure is that shareholders not only have no legal right to control the firm, they also have no legal right to help themselves to the corporation’s    assets.  Well, that's wrong.  &gt;In fact, the only time shareholders receive any funds directly from the corporation’s coffers is when they receive a dividend or the corporation repurchases their shares.  Or, you know, in the case of bankruptcy.  &gt;This only happens when the directors vote to declare a dividend or a corporate repurchase.  The same directors who were appointed by shareholders.  &gt;At law, a principal has a right to control her agent. But shareholders can’t exercise direct control over corporate directors.  I suppose this is true in the sense that shareholders cannot practice slavery. But shareholders can, again, vote on issues relating to the governance of the company.  &gt;It is thus wildly misleading to describe shareholders as the sole residual claimants in companies that aren’t actually in bankruptcy.  This is only true if you're retarded and don't know what ""residual"" means.  &gt;This idea is supported by modern options theory. In effect, bondholders own the right to access cash flow but have sold a call to shareholders, while shareholders own the right to access the cash flow but have sold a put to bondholders. Neither shareholders nor bondholders can claim an exclusive right to “own” the company’s cash flow, much less the company.  This is a made up explanation that doesn't mean anything. The real options model of corporate assets is that corporate debt is a risk-free bond with a short put option and equity is a call option. There is no ""deal,"" in actuality or in spirit, between debt and equity owners.  You can dismiss the article as ""shit."""
Mayer is stepping out and [Verizon is rebranding AOL and Yahoo as part of a new venture called Oath, led by AOL Chief Executive Officer Tim Armstrong.](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-verizon-jobs-idUSKBN18Z2EF)  I remember when nothing was going to take out Yahoo...interesting times for sure.
"Well they've ""created"" what $5trillion in the last few years?  Many people are arguing that they'd created too much not too little.  That money, the new debt being issued, just isn't being very effective and we see people/banks/corporations hoarding cash and bonds instead of investing and creating new wealth.  If everyone went out and spent their money and invested in new factories, farms, malls, or whatever, we would see tons of new jobs and the Dow at 20,000 but that isn't happening for whatever reason."
"Sorry no. I don't like to hear that the difference between me and the bum on the street is ""luck."" Luck certainly makes a difference of one or two notches on the pay scale, or a few years here or there in your career. But hard work and good choices make the most of the luck we're given. Far too many piss that luck away with poor choices or no work and then look on with envy at those ""lucky bastards"" who made it big."
I looked at this a little more closely but the answer Victor provided is essentially correct.  The key to look at in the google finance graph is the red labled SMA(###d) would indicate the period units are d=days.  If you change the time axis of the graph it will shift to SMA(###m) for period in minutes or SMA(###w) for period in weeks.  Hope this clears things up!
The rules of thumb are there for a reason. In this case, they reflect good banking and common sense by the buyer. When we bought our house 15 years ago it cost 2.5 times our salary and we put 20% down, putting the mortgage at exactly 2X our income. My wife thought we were stretching ourselves, getting too big a house compared to our income. You are proposing buying a house valued at 7X your income. Granted, rates have dropped in these 15 years, so pushing 3X may be okay, the 26% rule still needs to be followed. You are proposing to put nearly 75% of your income to the mortgage? Right? The regular payment plus the 25K/yr saved to pay that interest free loan? Wow.  You are over reaching by double, unless the rental market is so tight that you can actually rent two rooms out to cover over half the mortgage.  Consider talking to a friendly local banker, he (or she) will likely give you the same advice we are. These ratios don't change too much by country, interest rate and mortgages aren't that different. I wish you well, welcome to SE.
I agree with the other comments that you should not buy/hold your company stock even if given at a discount. If equity is provided as part of the compensation package (Options/Restrictive Stock Units RSU)then this rule does not apply. As a matter of diversification, you should not have majority equity stake of other companies in the same sector (e.g. technology) as your employer. Asset allocation and diversification if done in the right way, takes care of the returns. Buying and selling on the same day is generally not allowed for ESPP. Taxation headaches. This is from personal experience (Cisco Systems). I had options issued in Sept 2008 at 18$ which vested regularly. I exited at various points - 19$,20$,21$,23$ My friend held on to all of it hoping for 30$ is stuck. Options expire if you leave your employment. ESPP shares though remain.
"The change is generally known as the Options Symbology Initiative (or ""OSI"") and there is a highly comprehensive guide to what occurred here. The basic gist of what occurred was a shift FROM: A coded system in which a shorter (3   to 5 letter symbol) could be used, but   the symbols required a data source to   determine what they meant. MSQ AD   used to be a MSFT Jan 20 option, but   you had to look up MSQ in a table to   know that. TO: A system in which much longer symbols   are needed, but they contain all the   information required to identify a   unique option: DELL 4.000 C 5/16/2010   isn't easy to type, but once you know   how to read it, it's easy to see that   it's an option on DELL, expiring on May 16th 2010, is a call (rather   than a put,) and has a strike price   of 4. As to why they did it, there are a number of benefits, but most important reason is this one:  they were running out of symbols.  The number of permutations of 3-5 letter symbols had been exceeded by the number of options that had been listed, resulting in the need to ""recycle"" symbols.   This meant that a current option symbol would be the same as an old one, in some cases on a different stock, which was wreaking havoc on historical data."
"See Also:  1. United States of America (USA) history lesson from Stephen Kinzer: #7b, #7c, #7d, and #7e at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/ddlcuvl  2. ""The Origins of the Federal Reserve"" by Murray N. Rothbard: #8b at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/ddlcuvl  3. James Mahaffey on nuclear/atomic power in the USA: #7d at https://np.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/dfmc7kj  Source for #1, #2, and #3: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/d9q9006 via https://www.reddit.com/r/Missing411/comments/41oph0/supernatural_abductions_in_japanese_folklore_by/cz3we2z"
&gt;Would you take on somebody if you seriously thought this was going to happen? Would any small enterprise ever hire anyone? Equality is a nice idea but it will stifle small and slow growing businesses to the point where the only way to get started will be to take a big loan. And that is not in the interests of the economy at large.  Don't worry, there is a large number of people out there who, if they get their way, would make it illegal not to hire these people. I'm all for workers' rights, but once the pendulum swings so far in favor of the employee that it becomes detrimental to hire them unemployment is going to go up.
"Maybe it is a matter of how long a perspective you take.  If you are focused on very close things, like only the coming quarterly results, then *anything* which did not maximize cash flow might seem suboptimal.  But what if it strengthened the long term prospects of the business?  What if it contributed to a planet that did not get destroyed, thereby maintaining a better business climate (pun intended) for the future.  Clearly survival is preferable to a business than extinction.  But we make short-term choices based on kind of old ways of looking at things.  It's not ""profitable"", even though pursing short-term cash profit may lead to ruin."
I have a Whole Foods, Walmart, 3x Kroger, 2x Publix, Traders Joes, Spruce's, and a Fresh Market within 10 minutes of driving.  I've actually started focusing on Walmart more and more because they simply have better prices on the stuff I buy most.   I might wander into Whole Wallet for some of their loss leaders but I don't think I'll move the bulk of my grocery purchases away from Walmart / Kroger.
https://qz.com/783314/this-is-what-electric-cars-are-doing-to-the-lithium-market/  Yes lithium is not a rare metal, but when demands rise very fast supply tend to lag. This is why oil price hikes happened historically.  Eventually it would even put but if the production rose as quickly as you describe we would be having Lithium shortage which would translate into price hikes which would then lower to demand of such cars using those batteries
But were they bad mortgages? At the time, real estate prices were going up. The thinking was if someone defaulted, they could just foreclose on the property and recoup their money. Is that deceptive? They bundled poorer mortgages with better rated mortgages to eliminate risk. The risk was all the debtors defaulting in a short period - which happened.  Again, no financial model forecasted the worst recession since the Great Depression. Not the top financial firms, not the Federal Reserve, not the Treasury. They were all wrong.
&gt;Walt Disney Co.’s ambitious $5.5 billion Shanghai theme park is close to breaking even after its first full year of operations -- a mark none of its resorts have been able to hit in the last thirty years, said Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger.
It has no use as a currency now, and it never will. It's a speculative asset, primarily useful for laundering money and other illicit acts. It's a bubble now, but can probably stay pretty high for quite a while with the threat of war in Asia. A ton is held in China and if Korea explodes and they take a hit a lot of people would probably go to Bitcoin.
It has an anchor tenant, and a few other if I remember correctly. But yes, WTC is a huge money pit at the moment, and won't really be profitable for a while. And the toll rates are going up, but it's more complicated than just WTC, there are a lot of other projects going on that need to be funded as well.
Say there are 5 people took loan of $100000 each. Those 5 people work in different jobs and have different capacity to payoff loan. Someone earning $40000 a year has higher risk to default on their payment then someone making $250000 a year.   As Bank wants to sell this CDO to investor but how would investor know what the risk factor for this CDO is. This is where rating agency comes in picture. They apparently look at the underlying asset and assign rating to this CDO say AAA, B, AA etc which give investor idea of underlying risk.   Problem here is rating agency gets paid by Bank to rate their CDO. So if a rating agency starts rating their CDO to higher risk Bank will go to next agency round the corner to get better rating and agency will lose commission. You can see the problem here.   Now if people start struggling to pay loan, bank will not get money and it cannot pay CDO holders. If house that was worth $100000 when CDO was created is devalued to say $50000 today the underlying asset is not worth as much when CDO was sold. That is what happened when market crashed in 2008 and GFC hit.
Certainly, yes, a zero coupon bond can go down in price. If interest rates rise before your bond matures, the price of the bond will go down – and the longer to maturity, the more it will tend to drop.  Depending on when you bought and how much interest rates rise, you can incur a capital loss. The bond is guaranteed to be worth a certain amount at maturity as long as the issuer hasn't defaulted, but before maturity the market price of the bond will fluctuate, primarily based on interest rate movements.  In fact, zero coupon bonds are even more interest-rate-sensitive than regular bonds (which have periodic coupon interest payments.)
pension plans are not invested in the business, that's what Enron did wrong, they are invested in the open market. pension funds are risky because of market risk, mismanagement risk and other issues, not because of the risk of the company itself.  if you worked at lehman and retired you get checks from the US government now.
You will lose out on your spread, you always pay a spread. Also, if you are looking at a strategy for using stop losses, try taking into account the support lines if you are going long. So, if the stock is on an upward trend but is dropping back from profit taking, your best best is to take a position closest to the next support line. You place your stop just below the support. this will give you the best chance of a winning position as most technical analysts will have looking towards the support as a buy back area. Obviously, in a bear market the opposite is true.  If you have taken your position and the market move past the first resistance line, then bring your stop to just below that line as once resistance is broken, it then becomes support. You then have a profitable position with profit locked in. Leave the position to break the next resistance and repeat.
If your refund is so small (like $20 - $25), and it's not worth receiving, it can be put towards next years just to give you a slight edge.
They could buy the domain a lot cheaper than the company.  They are probably trying to lock in the ability to have face.com technology always available to them as I'm assuming they have invested a fair bit on integration with them.  Saves someone like google snapping it up and shutting it down.
http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11584 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11583 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11582 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11581 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11580 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11579 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11578 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11577 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11576 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11575 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11574 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11573 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11572 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11571 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11570 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11569 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11568 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11567 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11566 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11565 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11564 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11563 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11562 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11561 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11560 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11559 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11558 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11557 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11556 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11555 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11554 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11553 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11552 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11551 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11550 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11549 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11548 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11547 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11546 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11545 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11544 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11543 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11542 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11541 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11540 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11539 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11538 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11537 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11536 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11535 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11534 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11533 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11532 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11531 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11530 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11529 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11528 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11527 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11526 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11525 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11524 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11523 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11522 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11521 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11520 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11519 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11518 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11517 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11516 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11515 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?13,11514 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11469 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11468 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11467 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11466 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11465 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11464 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11463 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11462 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11461 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11460 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11459 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11458 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11457 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11456 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11455 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11454 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11453 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11452 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11451 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11450 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11449 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11448 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11447 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11446 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11445 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11444 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11443 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11442 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11441 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11440 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11439 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11438 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11437 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11436 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11435 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11434 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11433 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11432 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11431 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11430 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11429 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11428 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11427 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11426 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11425 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11424 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11423 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11422 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11421 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11420 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11419 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11418 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11417 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11416 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11415 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11414 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11413 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11412 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11411 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11410 http://www.wuug.org/read.php?10,11409
"A big part of the answer depends on how ""beaten down"" the stock is, how long it will take to recover from the drop, and your taste for risk. If you honestly believe the drop is a temporary aberration then averaging down can be a good strategy to lower your dollar-cost average in the stock.  But this is a huge risk if you're wrong, because now you're going to magnify your losses by piling on more stock that isn't going anywhere to the shares you already own at a higher cost. As @Mindwin pointed out correctly, the problem for most investors following an ""average down"" strategy is that it makes them much less likely to cut their losses when the stock doesn't recover.  They basically become ""married"" to the stock because they've actualized their belief the stock will bounce back when maybe it never will or worse, drops even more."
Former corporate M&amp;A team member here.  We wanted to do deals just as much as anyone else, that's why those teams exist.   We were definitely more disciplined than our banks, but at the end of the day we are all former bankers looking to do a deal. Plus you can only tell your CEO/CFO no so many times (believe me we did).
Like keshlam mentioned Insurance and Investment should not generally be mixed. Term Insurance is the best and cheapest insurance. This would work out better than Money Back Option you have. i.e. Take a Term Insurance for the same amount, invest the difference between the Premium of Term Insurance and Money Back option. Even if you invest this difference in Bank FD's the return is much more than what your Money Back policy gives. Pension Plans are not advisable. Although IRDA has in recent times streamlined quite a bit of it, there is still some amount that goes into commission, plus the returns from Annuity providers [the yearly payment you get after retirement] is less than what you get from FD's. i.e. currently the Annuity rates are in the range of 5-6% and one year FD's are in the range of 7-8%. The only reason one need to go with Pension plan or Money Bank plan would be if one is not financially disciplined or can't  reconcile to the fact that Term Insurance in-spite of not giving any returns is much better.
They are, just now where you might expect them. They can't bring it to major cities yet, but there are some companies bringing fiber to rural areas. They are doing this where the max dsl speeds are not fast enough to be considered broadband and there is no other alternative that qualifies. There is a government grant program which gives them money to bring fiber or any broadband but there's no reason to not run fiber if you're going to the trouble. If / When these companies can become profitable enough to move into territories without the grant you will see google fiber competitors. In my town they are basically circling the city with fiber to the home just by covering the grant areas and expect to bring it in the city where we have charter, which is actually pretty good except for the upload speeds, within two years. Charter has already been upping their offerings in the area and has even doubled the speed at no cost for people in areas that are being served by the new fiber or will be soon as there is some overlap.   Fiber isn't that far off for most people, because from what I understand almost everyone lives with 2 miles of a fiber run if you have cell phone access as most all cell phone towers have fiber to them, and the way it works is odd in that no normal ISP owns the fiber, it's by other companies that have to sell access to whoever can pay for it. This is just what I've heard from some discussions with people about the fiber company here so I don't know everything, maybe someone else here has more information.
Yeah,  totally,  both sides are totally equally liars since a leftist blog put words in someone's mouth -- just like the couple hundred on record,  verifiable, outright lies the elected executive branch has accrued in the last five months.
Heh, it wasn't meant as a slight, moreso as a satorical comment after everyone guessed prestigious universities.     PS- I am a McGill grad and we also used Pizza &amp; beer (and of course widgets), perhaps it is a Canadian thing?
Uh, Quicken is virtually identical to MS Money. If you liked money and don't want to change, use that.
"For anyone that's curious, I had a number of chats with Quickbooks who recommended I import only the relevant business transactions from my personal account & personal credit card in order to lower the tax liability. This way money ""paid"" from the business account to myself rightly shows up as a transfer and not as income. This means when generating a tax report, it calculates the correct rate of tax to be paid based on income minus allowable expenses, regardless which account they came from."
The fluctuation of interest rates during the next year could easily dwarf the savings this attempt to improve your credit score will have; or the reverse is true. Will the loan improve your score enough to make a difference? It will not change the number of months old your oldest account is. It will increase the breadth of your accounts. Applying for the car loan will result in a short term decrease in the score because of the hard pull. The total impact will be harder to predict.  A few points either way will generally not have an impact on your rate. You will also notice the two cores in your question differ by more than 30 points. You can't control which number the lender will use. You also have to realize the number differs every day depending on when they pull it that month. The addition of a car loan, assuming you still have the loan when you buy the house, will not have a major impact on your ability to get afford the home mortgage. The bank cares about two numbers regarding monthly payments: the amount of your mortgage including principal, interest, taxes and insurance; and the amount of all other debt payments: car loan, school loans, credit cards. The PITI number should be no more than 28%-33% of your monthly income; the other payments no more than 10%.  If the auto loan payments fit in the 10% window, then the amount of money you can spend each month on the mortgage will not be impacted. If it is too large, then they will want to see a smaller amount of your income to go to PITI. If you buy the car, either by cash or by loan, after you apply for the mortgage they will be concerned because you are impacting directly numbers they are using to evaluate your financial health. I have experienced a delay because the buyer bought a car the week before closing. The biggest impact on your ability to get the loan is the greater than 20% down payment, Assuming you can still do that if you pay cash for the car.  Don't deplete your savings to get to the 50% down payment level. Keep money for closing costs, moving expenses, furnishing, plus other emergencies. Make it clear that you can easily cover the 20% level, and are willing to go higher to make the loan numbers work.
"Not all call options that have value at expiration, exercise by purchasing the security (or attempting to, with funds in your account).   On ETNs, they often (always?) settle in cash.  As an example of an option I'm currently looking at, AVSPY, it settles in cash (please confirm by reading the documentation on this set of options at http://www.nasdaqomxtrader.com/Micro.aspx?id=Alpha, but it is an example of this).  There's nothing it can settle into (as you can't purchase the AVSPY index, only options on it).  You may quickly look (wikipedia) at the difference between ""American Style"" options and ""European Style"" options, for more understanding here. Interestingly I just spoke to my broker about this subject for a trade execution.  Before I go into that, let me also quickly refer to Joe's answer:  what you buy, you can sell.  That's one of the jobs of a market maker, to provide liquidity in a market.  So, when you buy a stock, you can sell it.  When you buy an option, you can sell it.  That's at any time before expiration (although how close you do it before the closing bell on expiration Friday/Saturday is your discretion).  When a market maker lists an option price, they list a bid and an ask.  If you are willing to sell at the bid price, they need to purchase it (generally speaking).  That's why they put a spread between the bid and ask price, but that's another topic not related to your question -- just note the point of them buying at the bid price, and selling at the ask price -- that's what they're saying they'll do. Now, one major difference with options vs. stocks is that options are contracts. So, therefore, we can note just as easily that YOU can sell the option on something (particularly if you own either the underlying, or an option deeper in the money).  If you own the underlying instrument/stock, and you sell a CALL option on it, this is a strategy typically referred to as a covered call, considered a ""risk reduction"" strategy.  You forfeit (potential) gains on the upside, for money you receive in selling the option. The point of this discussion is, is simply: what one buys one can sell;  what one sells one can buy -- that's how a ""market"" is supposed to work.  And also, not to think that making money in options is buying first, then selling.  It may be selling, and either buying back or ideally that option expiring worthless. -- Now, a final example.  Let's say you buy a deep in the money call on a stock trading at $150, and you own the $100 calls.  At expiration, these have a value of $50.  But let's say, you don't have any money in your account, to take ownership of the underlying security (you have to come up with the additional $100 per share you are missing).  In that case, need to call  your broker and see how they handle it, and it will depend on the type of account you have (e.g. margin or not, IRA, etc).  Generally speaking though, the ""margin department"" makes these decisions, and they look through folks that have options on things that have value, and are expiring, and whether they have the funds in their account to absorb the security they are going to need to own.  Exchange-wise, options that have value at expiration, are exercised.  But what if the person who has the option, doesn't have the funds to own the whole stock? Well, ideally on Monday they'll buy all the shares with the options you have at the current price, and immediately liquidate the amount you can't afford to own, but they don't have to.  I'm mentioning this detail so that it helps you see what's going or needs to go on with exchanges and brokerages and individuals, so you have a broader picture."
Mortgage qualification is typically done based on pretax income. To keep the math easy, let's assume $10K/month gross.  A well written loan allows 28% or $2800 to be used for the mortgage and property tax. Property tax varies, but 1% is the average of the 2 states mentioned. This results in $7500/yr property or $625/mo tax leaving $2175/mo. Note here - OP stated $750K house.  $2175 will finance $450K at 4%/30 years. $2175 will finance $300K at 3.5% /15years. Let me pause here. Facts are most important to make these decisions. Unless you're clear on gross income, which may be higher, the constraints above quickly come into play.  Once the numbers are spelled out, you may find that you are qualified to only borrow $350K based on a 30 year note. Nathan's $2500 payment was correct, but for the mortgage only. Add property tax and you'd be at $3125. You'd need a gross $11,160/mo. to meet the 28% rule.  The above discussion would render any further thoughts (of mine) moot.
The exact percentages depend on many things, not just location. For example, everyone needs food.  If you have a low income, the percentage of your income spent on food would be much higher than for someone that has a high income. Any budgeting guidelines that you find are just a starting point.  You need to look at your own income and expenses and come up with your own spending plan. Start by listing all of the necessities that you have to spend on.  For example, your basic necessities might be: Fund those categories, and any other fixed expenses that you have.  Whatever you have left is available for other things, such as: and anything else that you can think of to spend money on.  If you can save money on some of the necessities above, it will free up money on the discretionary categories below.   Because your income and priorities are different than everyone else, your budget will be different than everyone else, too.  If you are new to budgeting, you might find that the right budgeting software can make the task much easier.  YNAB, EveryDollar, or Mvelopes are three popular choices.
The data primarily show discouraged workers dropping out of the workforce. Some are boomers but a bigger story may be women dropping out due to the assault on government jobs.   The point is that the so-called decline is not about new job creation
There are several local currency initiatives in the US list here.  Most are attempts to normalize a value as a living wage, or encourage local consumption networks.  If you are in the catchment region of one of these, see if you can get a grant or loan to get started (if you are willing to buy into the philosophy of the group such as a $10 minimum wage) m
Move to a small town in an insurance friendly state. - Certian states like Florida are considered high risk for doing business for insurance companies.   Get a (relatively)new midsize sedan in white, tan, or brown.  These colors are the least likely to get stolen and the modern midsized sedan is considered the safest vehicles to drive. Drive less than 100 miles a month - The less you drive the less likely you are to be involved in an accident Go 9 years with no claims, tickets, or late payments and maintain a valid drivers license and Insurance. Drivers who go for long periods with out incident are more likely to be safe drivers. Have an income in upper middle class.  Drivers in this bracket tend to be statistically safer drivers and are the least likely to be involved in fraud.
"Dividend-paying securities generally have predictable cash flows. A telecom, electric or gas utility is a great example. They collect a fairly predictable amount of money and sells goods at a fairly predictable or even regulated markup. It is easy for these companies to pay a consistent dividend since the business is ""sticky"" and insulated by cyclical factors. More cyclic investments like the Dow Jones Industrial Average, Gold, etc are more exposed to the crests and troughs of the economy. They swing with the economy, although not always on the same cycle. The DJIA is a basket of 30 large industrial stocks. Gold is a commodity that spikes when people are faced with uncertainty. The ""Alpha"" and ""Beta"" of a stock will give you some idea of the general behavior of a stock against the entire market, when the market is trending up and down respectively."
I've shopped ToyRUs for years now. It was the go to store for my kids when they wanted a new toy, or just to kill time and let them see whats out before christmas shopping. I used to spend around 60-80% of my money there, then as the kids got older I shifted to around 20% with Amazon helping out so much. But this year they shut down several of the stores near me, including the one that I spent all my money at. Kmart did the same thing, and now the 2 brick and mortar stores I still spent money at are gone. I guess it's Amazon for 90% of my shopping now and target or (shudder) walmart for the rest.
U.S. stocks traded slightly lower on Friday, weighed down by slumping Amazon.com shares following disappointing earnings while the main indexes were on track to finish the week with modest losses.  ... what? DJI is up 250 points over the week, S&amp;P is flat but slightly up. Whose news is this?
"I don't think there is a law against it. For example comdirect offers multi banking so you can access your accounts from other banks through the comdirect website. My guess would be: Germans are very conservative when it comes to their money (preferring cash above cards, using ""safe"" low interest saving accounts instead of stocks) so there just might be no market for such a tool. There are desktop apps with bank syncing that offer different levels of personal finance management. Some I know are MoneyMoney, outbank, numbrs, GNUCash and StarMoney."
People know there are lots of good colleges where you can get a 4 year degree for under $45-50K in tuition, right? It is a choice to go to a school where you will be $120K in debt. The gap between what people make who graduate college with a degree, and those who only have a HS degree continues to widen, does it not? Since graduating 4 years ago, I've never worked at a company who will hire a person without a degree.
Yes please, we have been waiting for US's troops to go for a long time. Yes please, dismantle NATO and go home.  We have been living with Russia for a thousand years and we have no problem, you do.   Fight them on your own soil, if you so desire.
Everyone loved McDonald's when they where younger. There was a reason for that. It WAS better back then. McD's needs to open up a few Retro McDonald's. Bring back the old fried apple pies. Fry the french fries in animal fat. Regular milk shakes instead of triple thick shakes.
Since you are talking about a small firm, for the long term, it would be advisable to invest your money into the expansion - growth, diversification, integration - of your business. However, if your intention is to make proper use of your earnings in the short term, a decent bank deposit would help you to increase the credit line for your business with the benefit of having a high enough liquidity. You can also look at bonds and other such low risk instruments to protect your assets.
The massive backlash against the idea of confiscation is part of what prevents the political will of people in power from shifting towards those policies. You're also correct that those who stand to profit from increased demand will milk the situation.  No need to be rude with the namecalling.
Yes, you do. Since you've been a green card holder since the beginning of the year - your whole worldwide income for the whole year is taxable in the US. You can take credit for the taxes paid in the UK (use form 1116) to reduce your US tax liability.
&gt; So: what do i do to have the monthly %change? I was thinking (last day of the mont CP - 1st day of the month OP)/ 1st day of the mont opening price.  No, use the same day (usually month end) of each month (i.e. December 31 vs. January 31). Use closing prices only.   Keep in mind, it may make more mathematical  sense to use LN (natural logs) to determine %-change and standard deviation.   The simplest way to compare the riskiness of each is just to compare St. Dev. You can, of course, go into more detail.   If you want to impress your professor, look up the efficient frontier and make one for each portfolio.
Smartphones have been around a lot longer than Apple (and the writers of this piece) acknowledge....at least since the blackberry in 1999. There are a lot of tech pioneers Apple should thank, who sits on the shoulders of Palm, Nokia and many others.
I'm not 100% familiar with the index they're using to measure hedge fund performance, but based on the name alone, comparing market returns to *market neutral* hedge fund returns seems a bit disingenuous.  That doesn't mean the article is wrong, and they have a point about the democratization of data, but still.
"If it was me, I would drop out. You can achieve a better kind of plan when there is no match.  For example Fidelity has no fee accounts for IRAs and Roths with thousands of investment choices.  You can also setup automatic drafts, so it simulates what happens with your 401K.  Not an employee of Fidelity, just a happy customer. Some companies pass the 401K fees onto their employees, and all have limited investment choices. The only caveat is income.  There are limits to the deductibility of IRAs and Roth contributions if you make ""too much"" money.  For Roth's the income is quite high so most people can still make those contributions.  About 90% of households earn less than $184K, when Roths start phasing out. Now about this 401K company, it looks like the labor department has jurisdiction over these kinds of plans and I would research on how to make a complaint.  It would help if you and other employees have proof of the shenanigans.  You might also consult a labor attourney, this might make a great class."
The prime rate is the interest rate banks use amongst themselves to lend money to each other only. It is used as the basis (sometimes) for what interest rate banks charge you.  The prime rate is based loosely on the Fed rate.  There is a committee that meets regularly to set this and other industry interest rates. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prime_rate I am not 100% positive the following is totally accurate The banks keep our deposits and pay us interest for doing so.  They are paying us interest because they take yours, mine and everybody elses deposits as a large lump sum and invest that money.  Sometimes as business loans, sometimes as mortgages and sometimes as credit card. The banks have a book of business that will be EXACTLY how much credit they have extended to everybody.  But they do not keep that amount of cash in the vaults, only some smaller percentage of that large amount.  When I use my credit card and they need to transfer money to amazon.com, if they don't happen to have enough cash that day, they will just borrow from another bank that does, and the interest rate they pay to do so is the prime rate.  Since they are paying interest on the money they borrow to pay the debt I charged because they told me my credit was worth so much (...???...) they charge me a little bit more than that. Hence your credit card or mortgage's APR being based on the prime rate. I THINK that is what they do  If I am wrong leave a comment and I will update, or the mods can.
A good quality menstrual cup is a safe and sure solution to protect the periods in a healthy and hygienic manner. The menstrual cup is inserted inside the vagina during the period which collects the nasty fluid instead of absorbing, unlike tampons or sanitary pads. Hence, they can be the called the best alternative to traditional tampons and pads.
Why do people talk about stock that pay high dividends?  Traditionally people who buy dividend stocks are looking for income from their investments. Most dividend stock companies pay out dividends every quarter ( every 90 days). If set up properly an investor can receive a dividend check every month, every week or as often as they have enough money to stagger the ex-dates. There is a difference in high $$ amount of the dividend and the yield.  A $1/share dividend payout may sound good up front, but... how much is that stock costing you? If the stock cost you $100/share, then you are getting 1% yield. If the stock cost you $10/share, you are getting 10% yield.  There are a lot of factors that come into play when investing in dividend stocks for cash flow. Keep in mind why are you investing in the first place. Growth or cash flow. Arrange your investing around your major investment goals. Don't chase big dollar dividend checks, do your research and follow a proven investment plan to reach your goals safely.
&gt; Left, for instance, uses his skill at Twitter to make real money; he shorts stocks, then tweets mean things about them, then they go down, even if his tweets have some errors:  lol, that sounds like a fun gig.
"1099's and other official tax forms are often reported to the IRS by the issuer, whether or not you include a copy in your return. You should not neglect to include this income in your 2016 return in an attempt to balance out the two tax years. It's up to you whether or not you feel like filing an amended 2015 return to recover over-payment of taxes from that tax year. You have up to three years to amend tax returns using form 1040X. Since you couldn't have furnished a 1099 for this when you filed your 2015 return (otherwise you wouldn't be in receipt of it for tax year 2016), I'm assuming you reported it simply as ""Other Income"" and therefore would have been [over] taxed your marginal rate on it. From irs.gov: When to amend a return.  You should file an amended return if you need to correct your filing status, number of dependents, total income, tax deductions or tax credits. The instructions for Form 1040X, Amended U.S. Individual Income Tax Return, list additional reasons to amend a return."
The job I have now, I am lucky enough to be able to be lax.  At my last job I would have been fired if I wasn't available at all times.  I also had clients who expected me to be available whenever they called or I would lose them.  It wasn't being a doormat.  It was the definition of the job and everyone from the lowest person on the pole to the top did the same thing.
"&gt;&gt; ...if he lowers the prices of drugs, you will be against him.  &gt; You are right.  You should have said it in the beginning of the discussion between the 2 of us. You would have saved my time.  **But, really, honestly, I knew that from the start, as you as you the first thing you gave against Trump is the ridiculous ""Trump Medicare"".**  I know your type of people: you are stuck with your opinions despite me torturing you with undeniable facts.  And I succeeded!  You said it:  &gt; Of course President Trump wants lower drug prices."
No that is your implicit return if you hold it to maturity per year. That yield is quoted per annum. You will receive semi-annual payments base on the coupon of whatever off the run 10yr you buy. If your coupon is 2% then you will receive $10 bi-yearly. Mind you, buying a 10 year in this environment will yield a negative real return, meaning after inflation over 10 years you will have your entire principal back, but inflation adjusted it will have less purchasing power than today, meaning there isn't enough yield to make the purchase worth it.  Also about your upward slope question, yes the 30 will yield more than the 2,5,7,10. This is because longer time means more risk. Will in the future the USA be perceived as near riskless? There is also interest rate risk, and liquidity risk.
230 government agencies by law have to buy treasury bonds with their excess cash. Those agencies hold 30% of the debt. The rest is by anyone else who purchased bonds on the open market when the treasury sold them. Are you fucking stupid? You think the government just printed 20 trillion dollars with nothing to back it? No hedge funds bought them. China, Japan, Britain, bought them.
"Lots of loans that are shady to say the least are advertised currently on TV in the UK. I'm happily in a situation where I don't need a loan but might be asked to be a guarantor. If anyone asked me to be a guarantor for a loan, I'd either be capable and willing to loan that money to the person myself, or I wouldn't guarantee. I'd never, ever in a million years be a guarantor.  There is one company in particular offering loans ""the good old-fashioned way"" asking for 49.9% interest with a guarantor. That is an interest rate that can bankrupt the guarantor. If you take the loan with me as the guarantor, and you decide that you are not interested in paying back the loan, I'm stuck with this loan. So since the guarantor must trust you, if he or she is established in the UK, the best thing to do would be for them to take a loan from a bank (or any supermarket nowadays will give you a loan at a decent rate) in their own name, give the money to you, and hope that you pay back the money. I'm equally responsible for repayment whether I'm guarantor or whether the loan is in my name, so I'd get that loan at a decent rate from a reputable bank."
Indian exporters run a chain of dangers when entering into new foreign lands with their new products. Exportation of products helps in growing national economies and expanding the international market. For more information simply visit our website now: https://www.seair.co.in/indian-export-data.aspx
That video is 26 minutes long. I much prefer print for anything important. I could read a dozen articles in that time.  Searching for Chaos Theory on that site got me a book. Can you send me the essays or an article you think shows that police and courts can be privatized? I am deeply skeptical.
Can you imagine if Twitter embraced the platform as Trump is trying to use it? They could officially become the digital fireside chat.   Instead? Virtue signaling about ideology. How many shareholder revolts have there been at this point? You can't take such hardline stances while your financials are in the toilet.
There are lots of options out there  * Buy index funds and non industry-specific ETFs   * invest with financial managers and hedge funds (who are bound by laws)  * Invest in real estate and small business   Etc.  The real abuse comes from buying specific equities poised to benefit from policy. And it's a cancer on both sides of the aisle.
Correct. By putting expenses on to a credit card which does not charge interest during the grace period, and paying that balance every month, in effect you earn interest on money you've already spent. However, first, savings account interest is something like .05% right now depending on your bank. Yeah it's money, but seriously, that's 4 cents per month on $1000.  Second, two things can make this very wrong. If you carry a balance, you'll pay much more in interest than you'd get from practically any investment you could make with the cash in the meantime. Second, a debit card can be used to get cash you already have from an ATM (not everyone takes credit, you know), and it'll cost you little or nothing. Use a credit card for the same purpose and you're paying 40% from the second the money comes out of the machine. Also correct. Rewards cards earn you more the more they're used. That's because the card issuer makes money based on usage; they get 3% of each transaction. They're happy to turn 1% of that, up to a limit or subject to a spending floor, back around to you. Again, check the terms and conditions. Most cards have a limit on total rewards. Many of them also have fees, either while you hold the card or when you try to redeem the rewards. Look for a card with high limits or no limits on rewards from spending, and with no annual fee or reward redemption fee. In addition to the above, you build good credit history with good spending patterns. However, your credit score can fluctuate wildly, because on one day you have very low leverage (percent of credit limit used), and on the next you've bought $200 in groceries and so your leverage went up 20% on a card with a $1000 limit. Leverage under 10% is good, leverage under 40% is OK and leverage over that starts looking bad. With a $1000 limit, with you maxing it out and then paying it off, your credit score can fluctuate by 30 points on any given day.
Assuming this is a public company, i'd recommend reading the analyst calls from the last several quarters. This will give you an idea of what investors, and therefor likely the board and senior leadership, are focused on at a very high level. Youre an intern, so dont feel like you need to blow the doors off, but showing that you are aware of the company's major objectives and asking some thoughtful questions about them is probably a good start.
You can be fairly certain that the patent was assigned to Sanofi in exchange for a portion of the revenues or profits, thus generating a return for the investment the Walter Reed Army Institute for Research made.  As to the selling price of the vaccine, that is a different matter. Unlike most western countries, the US doesn't impose price controls on medications, regardless of patent status.
If your taxes aren't going to healthcare, they are going for something else. Taxes won't go away even if we eliminate Medicaid, Medicare, social security and the EPA. Politicians are very good at spending money, so they will find a place for your taxes.   The argument isn't taxes or charity. It's where should taxes be spent for the most good. What will keep the US leading the rest of the world? It isn't charity. It is democracy, standards of living and defense spending.
"Me: ""they pay it as regular income **rather than LTCG**""  You: ""There's no LTCG tax on Roth accounts.""  Me: ""they pay it **as regular income** rather than LTCG""  You: ""You're only taxed once on the money""  Me: ""**they pay it as regular income rather than LTCG**""  You: ""The main advantage of 401ks is that you don't ever pay capital gains tax.""  Congrats, you managed to say **exactly** what I did, with at least two completely irrelevant asides (I never mentioned Roth *or* taxable funds - Though what I said *does* also apply to Roth, despite your increasingly curious protestations).  But please, keep digging..."
Form 10-K is filed by corporations to SEC. You must be thinking of form 1065 (its schedule K) that a partnership (and multi-member LLC) must file with the IRS. Unless the multi-member LLC is legally dissolved, it must file this form. You're a member, so it is your responsibility, with all the other members, to make sure that the manager files all the forms, and if the manager doesn't - fire the manager and appoint another one (or, if its member managed - chose a different member to manage). If you're a sole member of the LLC - then you don't need to file any forms with the IRS, all the business expenses and credits are done on your Schedule C, as if you were a sole propriator.
I didn't say she was qualified for the job; merely that her undergraduate degree doesn't determine her qualification. Again, reading comprehension, please.  If you don't see the value in HR, this merely demonstrates that you haven't worked in effective organizations and/or are too inexperienced to understand what they do and how to work with them to benefit from their value.  And to your deleted comment, again, I'm not myself in HR and you would know that if you were reading and understanding my comments.
"Another factor to consider, beyond the fact that growth and volatility go together, is that the times when many people will need to liquidate their investments will correlate with the times that many other people need to liquidate their investments, and such correlation will push down the immediate value of those investments. While certificates of deposit have penalties for early withdrawal, one can establish up front what the worst-case penalty would be for cashing it in at the most inopportune time.  By contrast, stocks offer no such assurance.  Stocks sometimes have weird downward spikes that may be short-lived, but if life circumstances force one to liquidate stocks during such a downward spike the ""penalty"" can be much larger than on a CD."
The first step I would do is determine the asset class mixture for your current portfolio and the mixture for your new one. If they are the same and all you are doing is changing the funds that you use to invest in that mixture of asset class then just do the change all at once. In this case there is no market risk as you are just swapping funds (hopefully to ones that you feel will better track the underlying asset classes).  If you are also changing your asset class mixture, then it depends on how large the change is. I would still do the whole change at once. But if you are worried about fluctuations then you could slowly rebalance into your final position by taking a couple of intermediary steps. I would still change all of the fund first but maybe in a mix closer to your current asset mix and then over the next couple of months adjust the ratios to reach your final desired asset mix.
You should seek the help of a financial consulting company when your long-term savings plan, which you were grossly misled about and was neglected / mismanaged by the OP and is now worth half the face value of your investments to date.
Stock values are generally reflective of a company's overall potential; and to some extent investor confidence in the prospect of a continued growth of that potential. Sales over such a short period of time such as a single weekend do not noticeably impact a stock's valuation.  A stock's value has more to do with whether or not they meet market expectations for sales over a certain period of time (generally 1 quarter of a year) than it does that they actually had sales (or profits) on any given day. Of course, catastrophic events, major announcements, or new product releases do sometimes cause significant changes in a stock's value.  For this reason you will often see stocks have significant volatility in periods around earnings announcements, merger rumors, or when anything unexpected happens in the world that might benefit or hurt their potential sales and growth. But overall a normal, average weekend of sales is already built into the price of a stock during normal trading.
"I think your best bet here would be HSBC.  They will provide the required currencies, credit/debit cards, and very easy to use online banking transfers.  This includes an online ""Global Account View"" which features all of your accounts on a single screen and allows you to ""drag and drop"" money between accounts. Regarding fees, I suspect you will need to be a ""Premier Account"" holder in order to avoid any fees imposed on transactions such as money transfers and exchanging money between currencies.  In my experience HSBC offers extremely good exchange rates when exchanging ""large"" amounts of money ( greater than $10,000 / GBP 5,000 ).  Exchanging small amounts will carry a larger spread but still much better than most banks offer. In my experience, exchanging GBP 5000 will have a spread of about 0.50-to-0.75 percent, while exchanging more than GBP10,000 will have a spread of as little as 0.10-to-0.20 percent. In order to qualify for a ""Premier Account"", if my memory of HSBC UK serves me correctly, you will need to have at least GBP 50,000 net across all of your HSBC managed accounts, including stockbroking and other investment accounts. In order to open a banking Swiss account, you will need to travel to Switzerland and apply in person.  You cannot open a foreign bank account remotely.  With a foreign investment account, I believe you can open accounts remotely.  For example, I opened an account with Fidelity Switzerland using my Fidelity UK account directly from the UK, however obviously Fidelity does not provide banking services so this is not of interest to you. The simplest thing to do is to visit your local HSBC branch and discuss it with them in person. Other UK banks, such as Barclays, will also provide such services, but in my experience they are not as competitive on fees."
If you read the entire proposal it's a very long term plan. This would basically equal or potentially surpass Seattle. To surpass Seattle you'd need a major metro area larger than Seattle, there are only a few of those. I don't think they would pick an area smaller than Seattle unless they had plans to literally grow a metro area from themselves (which is entirely possible).   The total infrastructure of a major metro area means x # of local people at the educational, experience and income income levels. Real estate should be equal or favorable.   LA has everything besides a favorable tax envionment. Public metro could also be a problem. Everything else is unique confluences of all of the requirements.  It really depends on what industries will be their focus. Amazon fresh obviously with Whole foods like AWS and their ecom being the largest customer of AWS allowing them to earn large customers like the CIA.  I think it would be wise to think in terms of driverless vehicles, drones and 3d printed or fabricated automatic manufacturing and energy in addition to grocery and pharmaceutical.  Being near to customers has been one of their primary vectors since forever. Major metro area heat maps would be a good place to start.
There may be a delay in the hospital's administration processing the payment or they may have misplaced or lost the payment paperwork details. You will just need to keep checking your statement in case the payment still comes through at a later date.
As far as accounting  goes, if you speak with a CPA, you may be able to reduce the business tax liability.  So... the company buys the truck, deducts it, and the adjusted gross income drops, so he'd pay less tax.  Or something.  You said anything helps, hope you meant it!
You can't find any more hidden gems or any popular recent movies on Netflix anymore.  Their library has shrunk by 50% since 2012. Going to /r/netflixbestof is an exercise in futility.   [The Netflix library has collapsed 50% in total title count since 2012](http://exstreamist.com/the-numer-of-titles-in-the-netflix-library-is-down-50-over-the-past-four-years/)
No, the situation is not different, the roll-over rules are the same. It won't be taxable (as opposed to traditional to Roth roll-over), but other than that it's the same. Whether the 401k allows rolling over or not while you're still employed - you have to check with the plan administrator (ask your payroll/HR for details). Usually, the deferred compensation cannot be rolled over out of the 401k while you're still employed.
... can someone explain to me why vanguard of all companies would be asking for this? If they're a company based on broad index funds, then whether or not exxon or Chevron or whoever else has climate change risk is irrelevant to that model, right?
It's hard to be disciplined when the money is right there to be spent. So what you should do is have two bank accounts. One for savings and one for spending. Figure out how much you need to spend per week and have your pay automatically deposit that much into the spending account and divert the rest into these accounts.  Never touch your savings account unless it is an emergency or whatever. In fact, if you really want, you should put it as a termed deposit which you can't touch. As the only thing you see is your spending balance, you'll be forced to get used to living within your means. After a while, you're going to forget that you have that savings account at all.
"A fair point, but I think it's also reasonable for Atheists to stand up and say something when culture blindly equates having religion with being good (and atheism therefore implicitly bad). If no one points it out when people use sayings like ""finding god"" to mean to reforming, it will never change."
For most major banks, wire transfers are simple, if expensive, to arrange.  For example, I can initiate an international wire transfer from my online banking portal.
It's important to distinguish between speculation and investing. Buying something because you hope to make money on market fluctuations is speculation. Buying something and expecting to make money because your money is providing actual economic value is investing.  If Person A buys 100 shares of a stock with the intent of selling them in a few hours, and Person B buys 100 shares of the same stock with the intent of holding on to it for a year, then obviously at that point they both have the same risk. The difference comes over the course of the year. First, Person B is going to be making money from the economic value the company provides over the whole year, while the only way Person A can make money is from market fluctuation (the economic value the company provides over the course of an hour is unlikely to be significant). Person B is exposed to the risk of buying the stock, but that's counterbalanced by the profit from holding the stock for a year, while Person A just has the risk. Second, if Person A is buying a new stock every hour, then they're going to have thousands of transactions. So even though Person B assumed just as much risk as Person A for that one transaction, Person A has more total risk.
"But I think another interesting postscript to this which is relevant at this time is that the orchard wildfire isn't the only thing that can make money ""disappear"".  The use of a currency rather than a transferable note means that it can be an independent store of value, so there are perverse outcomes that can happen that can't happen with IOUs.  So say some particularly wealthy person in the village starts to hoard his money and corners a large fraction of the money supply (say he's anticipating some horrible plague).  The number of Loddars decreases, and the orchard owner starts paying his workers fewer Loddars as a result.  But their debts are denominated in ""old"" Loddars which were easier to come by, and quickly the workers are unable to pay their debts, or have to spend all their money on their debts and have none for anything else.  They default on those debts and the money ""disappears""--but it doesn't disappear for any physical reason (the workers are doing the same amount of work), it disappears because of a shock to the monetary supply.  This is a ""demand shock"" versus the ""supply shock"" of an orchard catching on fire."
The last time I checked (more than a year ago), Wells Fargo had the best rates and they provide next day delivery. They also have international ATMs in New York City.
Asset prices are inversely related to interest rates. If you're valuing a business or a bond, if you use a lower interest rate you get a higher valuation.  Historic equity returns benefit from a falling interest rate environment which won't be repeated as interest rates can only go so low.  edit: typo
BI tapers off as you earn more. It's means tested by the tax department. Getting rid of the welfare means testing and fraud apparatus entirely. Depending on behaviour BI could save money on the current system. Especially as now there would be an explosion of fairly risk free freelancing.
"It's a form of debt issued by the United States Treasury. As the name implies, a 10-year note is held for 10 years (after which you get the face value in cash), and it pays interest twice per year. It's being used in the calculator to stand for a readily available, medium-term, nearly risk-free investment, as a means of ""discounting"" the value that the company gains. The explanation for why the discounting is done can be found on the page you linked. As a Canadian you could use the yield of comparable Canadian treasury securities as quoted by Bank of Canada (which seem to have had the bottom fall out since the new year), although I don't suppose American notes would be hard for a Canadian investor to come by, so if you wanted to be conservative you could use the US figure as long as it's higher."
&gt;It's economics 101, increasing the minimum wage leads to only negative consequences,   Got any citations there friend?  [Why Does the Minimum Wage Have No Discernible Effect on Employment?](http://www.cepr.net/documents/publications/min-wage-2013-02.pdf)  &gt;_Economists have conducted hundreds of studies of the employment impact of the minimum wage.  Summarizing those studies is a daunting task, but two recent meta-studies analyzing the research  conducted since the early 1990s concludes that the minimum wage has little or no discernible effect  on the employment prospects of low-wage workers_  People need to realize that not everyone is capable of middle management in corporate America.  There are people who simply do not have the skill set to do it.  So they take jobs they are suitable for which happens to be retail.  So you're telling me because they don't have a certain skill set that they should be forced to live in shitty, unhealthy conditions because the company they work for is trying to cheap out on the very people who make their company run simply line the pockets of the CEO and shareholders?
Sure they do, but there's no point getting into a bidding war with the machines: it just becomes a question of whether you lose this year or next.   Employers love to use minimum wage disputes as a smokescreen for cutting labor when they automate the jobs they were going to automate anyway.
&gt; an investor is more valuable to a company than an employee is.  It IS possible to run a company without investors. Now try it without workers.  &gt; Furthermore, an investor takes on risk, something an employee does not do. When I purchase CAT stock, I may very well lose everything. I am the last in the long line of creditors. However, the employee does not stand to lose anything...  Incorrect. When you invest in CAT stock you stand to lose everything *that you invested*. If you invested more than you can afford, then that's your own stupidity.  An employee risks their entire livelihood - including all income, healthcare, pensions, etc - on the hope that the company will succeed...and they have less choice about the employment (especially in these days of 'take whatever job you can get') and much less access to the financial statements and company facts that an investor would get.
"It's a risk free investment only if you have 100% warranty that you will be able to sell these stocks for a better price than what you've paid. And that's virtually impossible. I don't think there is any ""risk free investment"" when stocks are involved. You can try to minimize the risks and consider them low, but IMO it's dangerous."
"You are in your mid 30's and have 250,000 to put aside for investments- that is a fantastic position to be in. First, let's evaluate all the options you listed. Option 1 I could buy two studio apartments in the center of a European capital city and rent out one apartment on short-term rental and live in the other. Occasionally I could Airbnb the apartment I live in to allow me to travel more (one of my life goals). To say ""European capital city"" is such a massive generalization, I would disregard this point based on that alone. Athens is a European capital city and so is Berlin but they have very different economies at this point. Let's put that aside for now. You have to beware of the following costs when using property as an investment (this list is non-exhaustive): The positive: you have someone paying the mortgage or allowing you to recoup what you paid for the apartment. But can you guarantee an ROI of 10-15% ? Far from it. If investing in real estate yielded guaranteed results, everyone would do it. This is where we go back to my initial point about ""European capital city"" being a massive generalization. Option 2 Take a loan at very low interest rate (probably 2-2.5% fixed for 15 years) and buy something a little nicer and bigger. This would be incase I decide to have a family in say, 5 years time. I would need to service the loan at up to EUR 800 / USD 1100 per month. If your life plan is taking you down the path of having a family and needed the larger space for your family, then you need the space to live in and you shouldn't be looking at it as an investment that will give you at least 10% returns. Buying property you intend to live in is as much a life choice as it is an investment. You will treat the property much different from the way something you rent out gets treated. It means you'll be in a better position when you decide to sell but don't go in to this because you think a return is guaranteed. Do it if you think it is what you need to achieve your life goals. Option 3 Buy bonds and shares. But I haven't the faintest idea about how to do that and/or manage a portfolio. If I was to go down that route how do I proceed with some confidence I won't lose all the money? Let's say you are 35 years old. The general rule is that 100 minus your age is what you should put in to equities and the rest in something more conservative. Consider this: This strategy is long term and the finer details are beyond the scope of an answer like this. You have quite some money to invest so you would get preferential treatment at many financial institutions. I want to address your point of having a goal of 10-15% return. Since you mentioned Europe, take a look at this chart for FTSE 100 (one of the more prominent indexes in Europe).  You can do the math- the return is no where close to your goals. My objective in mentioning this: your goals might warrant going to much riskier markets (emerging markets). Again, it is beyond the scope of this answer."
The medieval economy was market-oriented. It was totally free or only partially, but it was market-oriented.  Actually at that time it was not known of the potential that had to release or to plan the economy, reason why the economy of such was ambiguous.  A medieval city could mix different market currents: from monopolies (guilds), collectivisms (socialism, corporatism, etc.), to free market.  -  It has more of social system than a economic system. I would say that feudalism had the same economic system as capitalism, of market or free market.  Yes, they are different, but such difference is of social organization and applied ideology.  -  With socialism and communism happen something similar, they are the same (or very similar) economic system organization, the only difference is the social system involved in each one.
This discussion indicates that the accounts are not reported to credit agencies, but the post is also over a year old, and who knows how reliable the information is (it's fairly well-traveled, though).  It's based on one person calling up Trans Union and E-Trade and asking people directly.
"In addition to moving to another company, youre gonna have to play the friend game, at least in my opinion. You will need support from your fellow executives both to get the job and succeed in the job. So get on a golf course, become a church member, etc of c suites youre targeting. You will need a network and the ""in"" to get a real advantage."
Yes, orders like this are very possible.  There are nearly endless possibilities for structuring a trade.  It all comes down to whether you have the money to make the trade at the find you find a counterparty.  If you don't, the order is cancelled. Trades like this happen all day long at Goldman, BAML, Merril, UBS, etc.  And on eBay.
Can you elaborate on how corporate tax cuts exactly drain the economy and destroy jobs?    I feel like, going straight off text-book, his tax-plans make sense. It's very possible that I am a really confused student. (Currently second year student)  -edit  This is my interpretation of the capital-tax-gain-cut proposed by the Trump administration based on what I have learned in Micro/Macro-Econ thus far in college:   Less capital tax = less pressure on the wealthy/entrepreneurs (since you keep bigger portion of your net income, the interest to bring back business should increase) = capital inflow back to the US.    I feel like I'm missing something big here since a lot of folks seem to be against this, and I want to understand why something is the way it is. Thank you in advance.
The $500 minimum is a policy of the ASX. As such any broker that offered a different policy would not be offering direct purchase of exchange traded shares. Note however that this policy applies only to the initial purchase. From the CMC FAQs: The ASX requires a minimum parcel of $500 to be traded if you don’t currently hold that particular security. Once you have $500 worth of an individual security, you can purchase any value of shares you like.
A bond has a duration that can be easily calculated. It's the time weighted average of all the payments you'll receive and helpful to understand the effect a change in rates will have on that instrument.  The duration of a stock, on the other hand, is a forced construct to then use in other equations to help calculate, say, the summation of a dividend stream. I can calculate the duration of a bond and come up with an answer that's not up for discussion or dispute. The duration of a stock, on the other hand, isn't such a number. Will J&J last 50 more years? Will Apple? Who knows?
I think the most concise way to understand EV is the value of the *operating assets* of the firm. It's most generally used when using income statement or cash flow ratios that are unlevered - before applying interest expense (which if the firm is optimally financed, in theory should only impact the equity). Examples include revenue, EBIT, EBITDA, unlevered FCF, etc.  In your hypothetical scenario, you would expect the equity value of the firm to increase linearly as cash builds up. In other words, in some implausible, ceteris paribus formulation of the firm, the enterprise value should remain constant.
It's legal. In fact, they are required to do this, assuming you are in fact a HCE (highly compensated employee) to avoid getting in trouble with the IRS. I'm guessing they don't provide documentation for the same reason they don't explain to you explicitly what the income thresholds are for social security taxes, etc - that's a job for your personal accountant. Here's the definition of a HCE:  An individual who: Owned more than 5% of the interest in the business at any time during   the year or the preceding year, regardless of how much compensation   that person earned or received, or For the preceding year, received   compensation from the business of more than $115,000 (if the preceding   year is 2014; $120,000 if the preceding year is 2015, 2016 or 2017),   and, if the employer so chooses, was in the top 20% of employees when   ranked by compensation. There are rules the restrict distributions from plans like 401ks. For example, treasury reg 1.401a(4)-5(b)(3) says that a plan cannot make a distribution to a HCE if that payment reduces the asset value of the plan to below 110% of the value of the plan's current liabilities. So, after taking account all distributions to be made to HCEs and the asset value of the plan, everyone likely gets proportionally reduced so that they don't run afoul of this rule. There are workarounds for this. But, these are options that the plan administrators may take, not you. I suppose if you were still employed there and at a high enough level, a company accountant would have discussed these options with you. Note, there's a chance there's some other limitation on HCEs that I'm missing which applies to your specific situation. Your best bet, to understand, is simply ask. Your money is still there, you just can't get it all this year.
"if you buy back the now ITM calls, then you will have a short term loss. That pair of transactions is independent, from a tax perspective, of your long position (which was being used as ""collateral"" in the very case that occurred). I can see your tax situation and can see the logic of taking a short term loss to balance a short term gain.  Referring to D Stanley's answer, #2 and #3 are not the same because you are paying intrinsic value in the options and the skew in #2, whereas #3 has no intrinsic value. Of course, because you can't know the future, the stock price could move higher or lower between #2 and #3. #1 presumes the stock continues to climb."
Interesting thing is not all of this analysis is typically done by the person you are speaking with re: your mortgage.  Likely there is an economic team (at some institution or another, as many many loans are sold/distributed in some fashion), finance team, and all of them are looking at various rates etc.  Typically what is offered is matching an offsetting liability somewhere else.  So there may be cases where the spread someone is looking to pick up might be tighter or looser within institutions or types of institutions vs others, even though the overall market is at one place.  (e.g. banks vs. insurance companies).    So you may have negotiating room at a certain term, but not another, or the reverse at another firm.  One firm might have lots of 10 year money, while another might be limited, so will be picky in what they choose.  Either more conservative loan terms/ltv, or a higher spread, for example.  So many things go into the ultimate rate someone can get, but in theory the blog did a decent job.
"If the strike price closest to the underlying has high open interest, the options expiration is a bigger event.   For instance:  stock is at $20 w/ average volume of 100,000 shares per day.    20 strike has 1000 open interest.   In this example the stock will ""most likely"" pin at 20 if we were expiring tomorrow.     As u prob know, long calls at 19.90 close, turn into stock....long puts at 20.10 turn into short stock.   Option pros (high % of volume) dont want to be short or long after expiration.   Long call holders will sell above 20 to hedge, and long put holders will buy below 20.   1000 open interest is equivalent to 100,000 shares.   That's the same amount as the average volume.   Stock can't really move until after expiration.   If I am long 10 $20 calls, and short 1000 shares I am flat going into expiration.....unless the stock gets smoked and now I am synthetically long a put....Short stock + long call= Long Put Then watch out cause it was artificially locked down."
I'm new to this, but how about putting a big part of your money into an MMA? I don't know about your country, but in Germany, some online banks easily offer as much as 2.1% pa, and you can access the money daily. If you want decent profit without risk this is a great deal, much better than most saving accounts.
"Without the specifics of the contract, as well as the specifics of the country/state/city you're moving to, it's hard to say what's legal.  But this also isn't law.se, so I'll answer this from the point of view of personal finance, and what you can/should do as next steps. Whenever paying an application fee or a deposit, you need to ensure that you have in writing exactly what you're applying for or putting a deposit in for.  Whether this is an apartment, a car, or a loan, before any money changes hands, you need to get in writing exactly what you're putting that money to. So for a car, you'd want to have the complete specifications - make, model, year, color, extra packages, and any relevant loan information if applicable.  You wouldn't just hand a dealer $2000 for ""a Toyota Camry"", you'd make sure it was specified which one, in writing, as well as the total you're expecting to pay.  Same for an apartment: you should have, in writing (email is fine) the specific unit you are putting a deposit for, and the specific rate you'll be paying, and the length of time the lease is for. This is to avoid a common tactic: bait and switch, which is what it looks like you've run into.  A company puts forth a ""nice"" model, everything looks good, you get far enough in that it seems like you're locked in - and then it turns out you're really getting a less nice model that's not as ideal as whatever you signed up for.  Now if you want to get what you originally signed up for you need to pay extra - presumably ""something was wrong in the original ad"", or something like that.  And all you can hear in the background is Darth Vader... ""I am altering the deal. Pray I don't alter it any further."" So; what do you do when you've been bait-and-switched? The best thing to do is typically to walk away. Try to get your application fee back; you may or may not be able to, but it's worth a shot, and even if you cannot, walk away anyway. Someone who is going to bait-and-switch on you is probably not going to be a good landlord; my guess is that rent is going to keep going up beyond the level of the market, and you probably can kiss your security deposit goodbye. Second, if walking away isn't practical for whatever reason, you can find out what the local laws are. Some locations (though very few, sadly) require advertised prices to be accurate; particularly the fact that they re-advertised the unit again for the same rate suggests they are falling afoul of that. You can ask around, search the internet, or best yet talk to a lawyer who specializes in this sort of thing; some of them will be willing to at least answer a few questions for free (hoping to score your business for an easy, profitable lawsuit). Be aware that it's not exactly a good situation to be in, to be suing your landlord; second only to suing your employer, in my opinion, in terms of bad things to do while hoping to continue the relationship.  Find an alternative as soon as you can if you go this route. In the future, pay a lot of attention to detail when making application fees.  Often the application fee is needed before you get into too much detail - but pick a location that has reasonable application fees, and no extras.  For example, in my area, it's typical to pay a $25 application fee, nonrefundable, to do the credit check and background check, and a refundable $100-$200 deposit to hold the unit while doing that; a place that asks for a non-refundable deposit is somewhere I'd simply not apply at all."
Your best bet is to look for incubators in your area. Incubators are scaled down versions of private equity firms that provide mentorship and seed money to promising startups. They are usually affiliated with a city because they are trying to attract entrepreneurs to it.
I know that both Lowes and Home Depot (in Canada at least) will offer a 6 month deferred interest payment on all purchases over a certain dollar amount (IIRC, $500+), and sometimes run product specific 1 year deferred interest specials. This is a very effective way of financing renovations. Details: You've probably seen deferred interest -- It's very commonly used in furniture sales (No money down!!! No interest!!! Do not pay for 1 full year!!!)  (Personally, I think it's a plot by the exclamation point manufacturers) It works like this: Typically, I manage these types of purchases by dividing the principal by 6, and then adding 5%, and paying that amount each month.  Pay close attention to the end date, because you do not want to pay 22% interest on the entire amount.   This also requires that you watch your card balance carefully.  All payments are usually put to current purchases (i.e. those not under a plan) first, before they are applied to the plan balance.  So if you are paying 250 a month on the new floor, and run up another $150 on paint, You need to pay the entire new balance, and then the $250 floor payment in order for it to be applied correctly.  Also <shameless plug> http://diy.stackexchange.com </shameless plug>  Consider doing it yourself.
A bank selling a foreclosed property would negotiate a lower cash deal, I doubt it would be that extreme, 130 vs 100.  An individual seller may give up $10K to save time and get his next home closed as well, but again, I suspect it would be rare to find that large a delta.
You really can't. Credit rating is determined by financial history, and until your kids are old enough to legally sign a contract they have essentially no financial history. Interesting out-of-the-box thought, but not workable.
The guy is your boss/super? I still don't understand why his lawyer would need *your* credentials. It definitely still does sound sketchy, and in the future I'd ask more questions. Personally I'd tell anyone not HR asking for something like that to piss off. You aren't a client of that guy's lawyer, if he needs anything specifically from you, he can contact you and explain it.   But what's done is done, if anything malicious happens it's definitely on him.
&gt; Women have to be represented in the global economy or it'll cost the world a shit ton of $ later on.  Demonstrate how women are NOT represented in the global economy, and how this lack of representation will cost the world money later.  &gt; There's a bunch of underbanked women around the world due to laws and Everex allows them to get microloans and/or execute deals in a micro finance fashion.  Great for Everex, but I can't help but notice the practice is a bit discriminatory against men, is it not?
"As someone who works in mental health, there is a real problem with this bullshit.   This woman wasn't taking time for ""mental health"" she was taking personal days to just relax and unwind....  The only ""mental health issue that could ""take a few days"" is maybe a changing of medications but that is just sick leave"
Linear algebra prior to taking diff eq or concurrent to diff eq could make a difference but physics should not be a big deal.  If you have access to Maple, you'll be able to CRUSH pretty much anything they through at you. It's a computer math system.  source: masters in math
Differences in liquidity explain why American-style options are generally worth more than their European-style counterparts. As far as I can tell, no one mentioned liquidity in their answer to this question, they just introduced needlessly complex math and logic while ignoring basic economic principles. That's not to say the previous answers are all wrong - they just deal with periphery factors instead of the central cause.  Liquidity is a key determinant of pricing/valuation in financial markets. Liquidity simply describes the ease with which an asset can be bought and sold (converted to cash). Without going into the reasons why, treasury bills are one of the most liquid securities - they can be bought or sold almost instantly at any time for an exact price. The near-perfect liquidity of treasuries is one of the major reasons why the price (yield) of a t-bill will always be higher (lower yield) than that of an otherwise identical corporate or municipal bond. Stated in general terms, a relatively liquid asset is always worth more than an relatively illiquid asset, all else being equal.  The value of liquidity is easy to understand - we experience it everyday in real life. If you're buying a house or car, the ability to resell it if needed is an important component of the decision. It's the same for investors - most people would prefer an asset that they can quickly and easily liquidate if the need for cash arises.  It's no different with options. American-style options allow the holder to exercise (liquidate) at any time, whereas the buyer of a European option has his cash tied up until a specific date. Obviously, it rarely makes sense to exercise an option early in terms of net returns, but sometimes an investor has a desperate need for cash and this need outweighs the reduction in net profits from early exercise.  It could be argued that this liquidity advantage is eliminated by the fact that you can trade (sell) either type of option without restriction before expiration, thus closing the long position. This is a valid point, but it ignores the fact that there's always a buyer on the other side of an option trade, meaning the long position, and the right/restriction of early exercise, is never eliminated, it simply changes hands. It follows that the American-style liquidity advantage increases an options market value regardless of one's position (call/put or short/long). Without putting an exact number on it, the general interest rate (time value of money) could be used to approximate the additional cost of an American-style option over a similar European-style contract.
The alternatives are practically perpetual with linen suits, the search is ideal for summer, pushing it flawlessly amongst shrewd and easygoing and offering so much adaptability. In case you're hoping to keep the look keen, then match your suit with a shirt and tie mix.
Depending on the organization, this sounds like a failure to manage expectations on your part.  Just because someone has VP in their title doesn't mean you have to drop everything and answer them. Especially if it is a non-urgent question.  If this is the case, then you need to go have a talk with their boss about the detriment to the company this person is causing.  It works both ways.  Unless it's the owner or the CEO, I have pushed back and managed the expectation on just about everyone I have interacted with.     It won't always work, but most times, it does.  It does depend on the organization.
"There are quite a few regulations on ""Insider Trading"". Blackouts are one of the means companies adopt to comply with ""Insider Trading"" regulations, mandating employees to refrain from selling/buying during the notified period. Once you leave the employment: So unless there is an urgent need for you to sell/buy the options, wait for some time and then indulge in trade."
Yes, all the shares of a publicly traded company can be purchased. This effectively takes the company private so that it's no longer traded on a stock market. Here are some examples: EDIT: to answer your edited question... the corporation can issue more stock.  However that would dilute the value of existing shares.  Thus, existing shareholders must vote to allow more shares to be issued. So... in your situation yes, you'd need to wait for someone else to sell.
"To answer your question as clarified in a comment: All I wanted to know what will happen if I enter my debit card number in the sixteen digit account number they offer on the application for balance transfer. That's all. Almost certainly (subject to the particular terms and conditions of the offer), no money will move, the only question is exactly when and how they will say no. If you do it online, and their system is clever enough to look up the IIN (the first six digits) of the card number you enter, their system might learn straight away that you  have entered a debit card number (eg a card starting 431940 is a Bank of Ireland debit card). Otherwise, you'll have to wait until the request goes to their back office system, which will eventually lead to the card issuer's system being contacted, at which point it will become clear that it's a debit card, and your transfer request will be refused at that point. That said, some credit card companies do offer a ""Money Transfer"" aka ""Super Balance Transfer"", which is an offer to transfer money directly into a bank account, putting the resulting debt on the credit card. I've never seen these offered without having to call a service centre and talk to a person, though, presumably so that they can check that the details they have for you (about income etc) are still correct."
&gt;During WWII the US government socialized many factories to support the war effort. They took statistics nerds and gave them factories to run. After the war the nerds were offered jobs in the census. Some of them went to other countries to help rebuild instead. There are statues to some of them because they helped Japan become a leading economy in relatively short order.   China is full of nerds. Their maths olympiad's teams are now all but totally dominant and they are kicking the asses of developed countries in PISA tests. My father was a physics professor - whenever he speaks to colleagues in the states they all tell him their best new talent is from the PRC.   &gt;China doesn't have that focus. They succeed out of sheer numbers. Not by refining process. That would require investing in their workforce too much and cheep disposable labor is the way they compete.   I guess that's why they send so many of their best and brightest overseas to study, or why spending such a huge amount of money on education domestically?
Seems to me the dot com market started around 1990, and amazon is still doing damage today, buying WF, crashing market for blue apron.  Do you think the crypto market is done growing at a market cap of 80B?  Seems to me that's a moderate sized business, while a market aught to be in the trillions.
That's not what is entirely happening. It's two separate situations.   They don't have equal voting and some are able to vote more than once. The two investors want to keep it that way while the rest want to implement an even voting system.   The two investors have been asked to drop their lawsuit against the old CEO since he's no longer with the company but it's implied that they will continue to sue him because he still has influence and the ability to elect new board members which he recently added two.   Also it's disengrnous to say just the two investors. They are being asked to do this by the shareholders.
"And that's a fine thing to say. It's fine to say he likely had some advantages that afforded him a greater chance of 'making it' than most people. But that is by and large not the tone of the comments in not only this thread but Reddit as a whole. The comment I replied to, and the tone of the others, holds the sentiment of ""he was born to a wealthy family, therefore he got this job without any effort on his part and there is nothing any of us could ever do to achieve that"". Which is lazy and total bullshit."
"Former employee so I have a little insight. They are very scared of unionization and also losing their exemption in the Railway Act. This classifies FedEx as an Airline/railway company, where UPS is a ground shipping company. What that means is that FedEx has protections against unions. FedEx ground drivers are not employees, they are contractors. Some of these guys are not happy and the states were changing laws to benefit the workers in some way (i'm not entirely sure how it works). But FedEx is smart so they are reclassifying these people as ""Independent Service Providers"". They are forcing single route drivers to sell to multi-route/ISP owners. When you have an owner that owns multiple routes they ar eless likely to be pro-union and it also puts another barrier between the driver and FedEx."
Oh of course you can fill it up in 5 seconds if that's what you mean by filling it up. I personally spend 0 seconds filling my gas car up because the gas station is on my way home from work, and I live in a state where someone else pumps my gas. So I just drive in, play on my phone, and leave. So yep, definitely less than 5 seconds.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/singapore] [GIC invests in soundcloud. Soundcloud about to go belly up.](https://np.reddit.com/r/singapore/comments/6t1iir/gic_invests_in_soundcloud_soundcloud_about_to_go/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
"Appeal to Authority - Using an authority as evidence in your argument when the authority is not really an authority on the facts relevant to the argument.  As the audience, allowing an irrelevant authority to add credibility to the claim being made.  That is what I've been getting at in my comments. You kept saying you have more experience so I brought up that I've actually studied economics. Then I immediately followed it up with that, despite my studies, that doesn't mean I'm right just like your experience doesn't mean you are correct. That was my whole point and why I brought it up. Experience or ""authority"" doesn't mean you are correct. It's like saying ""I'm older so I know better.""  But, you kept pressing forwards with ""I have more experience and more academics than you,"" and even calling me kiddo despite not knowing my age, so I went and grabbed a link to a consensus of 600 people who are considered experts in this field that disagreed with you. Each personal individually would trump your experience, let alone 600 of them collectively.  As far as my first source, it doesn't matter. I can go find more if you want. I stand by my claims because I've also seen it elsewhere. Sorry I didn't send you 10 links instead of just one, and now I'm in mobile so I can't easily discuss it.  As far as your source that discusses academic leanings, I'm intrigued with its findings, because it appears to be reputable, and plan to look over it. I've personally said for awhile that when faced with new facts/evidence I'll consider it in regards with my position, and will change my position if the evidence appears to line up. I've done it before and I'm not so prideful to not do it again. Besides, that's what people should do instead of just digging their heels in because they don't like what they hear."
One reason why you may have gotten this advice is that stocks have an expected real return over time, while commodities do not. Therefore, when gambling on individual stocks, odds are in your favor that they will ultimately go up over time. You may do better or worse than the market as a whole, but they will likely go up as the whole market, on average, rises over time. Commodities, on the other hand, have no expected real return. It is more zero-sum. In fact, after costs, a real loss should be expected on average, making gambling in here more risky.
&gt;The iPad. Along with email and cloud-based data sharing, it’s moving the world away from stacks of paper and everything needed to manage them: filing cabinets, folders, printers, cartridges, binders, highlighters, labels, sticky notes, clips, legal pads.  Paperless office hype coming to fruition is why Staples is doing poorly. Smart phones have played a more important role. Paperless systems became much more viable when people had access to email, documents and files on their phone.
"What you should do is called ""re-characterization"". See the instructions for form 8606 for details (that is also the form to use to report the incident). See example 3: You made a contribution to a Roth IRA and later recharacterized part   or all of it to a traditional IRA. Report the nondeductible   traditional IRA portion, if any, on Form 8606, Part I. If you did not   recharacterize the entire contribution, do not report the remaining   Roth IRA portion of the contribution on Form 8606. Attach a statement   to your return explaining the recharacterization. If the   recharacterization occurred in 2012, include the amount transferred   from the Roth IRA on Form 1040, line 15a; Form 1040A, line 11a; or   Form 1040NR, line 16a. If the recharacterization occurred in 2013,   report the amount transferred only in the attached statement, and not   on your 2012 or 2013 tax return. You re-characterize it back to traditional IRA contribution, which will not be deductible. You then convert it back to a Roth IRA. Basically you end up at exactly the same place, except that if you already had some gains on that amount - you'll have to pay tax on them now (for the conversion, since because of the re-characterization, it will now be gains in a traditional IRA). You should of course contact your broker to do the re characterization (reassigning of the amount and its gains from a Roth IRA account to a traditional IRA account)."
"And please tell me what is my agenda? By alluding banks are ponzi schemes? I never made that claim.  I just saw a similarity. I was asking if the similar idea of taking money from investors and returning it (just like a ponzi scheme), but the similarity ends there apparently. In the background one is using future investors as payouts; the other uses fractional reserve banking to reinvest.  To me it seems like the latter just seems ""smart"" but idk.  That was my agenda. Finding out if my latter idea was possible and/or why its [not] a ponzi schem e and how does it differ.  I think I got the answer w the accounting equation but getting to that point was like trial by fire apparently."
frostbank.com is the closest thing I've found, so accepting this (my own) answer :) EDIT: editing from my comment earlier: frostbank.com has free incoming international wires, so that's a partial solution. I confirmed this works by depositing $1 (no min deposit requirement) and wiring $100 from a non-US bank. Worked great, no fees, and ACH'd it to my main back, no problems/fees. No outgoing international wires, alas.
My theory is that the massive swell of fear from 2008 until now has made people realize that they are never safe, and that debt is the killer.   When private sector incomes drop (loss of job, less consumer demand, etc) we cannot afford to service our debt and this leads to catastrophic default, with assets being lost to creditors. On the other hand, if you own your assets outright, a significant and long lasting drop in income can usually be sustained, or at least the assets are not lost.  In a time of high risk to income, like now, it is better to pay down debt, even if it means tightening the budget a bit. Better to lose some business/utility now than to lose it all later to creditors.  Thanks for the post, there is some interesting info in here. I also find it interesting that these world class economists are presenting these horribly ugly excel graphs.
The total value of the stock market more or less tracks the total value of the companies listed in the stock market, which is more or less the total value of the US economy (since very few industries are nationalized or dominated by privately held companies). The US economy has consistently grown over time, thanks to the wonders of industrialization, the discovery of new markets, new natural resources, etc.  Thus, the stock market has continued to grow as well. Will it forever?  No.  The United States will not exist for ever.  But there's no obvious reason it won't continue to grow, at least for a while, though of course if I could accurately predict that I would be far richer than I am. Why do other countries not have the same result?  China is its own ball of wax since it's a sort-of-market-sort-of-command economy.  Japan has major issues economically right now and doesn't really have the natural or people resources; it also had a huge market bubble a while back that it's never recovered from. And many European countries are doing fine.  German's DAX30 index was at around 2500 in 2004 and is now at nearly 13000.  That's pretty fast growth. If you go back further (there was a crash ending in around 2004), you can see around the fall of the Berlin wall it was still around 2000; even going that far back, that's about an 8% annual bump.  The FTSE was also around 2000 back then, around 8000 now, which is around 5% annual growth.   Many of these indexes were more seriously hurt than the US markets in the two major crashes of this millenium; while the US markets fell a lot in 2008, they didn't fall nearly as much as many smaller markets in 2002, so had less to recover from.  Both DAX and FTSE suffered similar falls in 2002 to 2008, and so even though during good periods they've grown quite quickly, they haven't overall done as well as they could have given the crashes.
My understanding is that BD is on the block b.c it isn't meeting financial targets. Masa is a big picture guy so maybe he doesnt care. I expect his new fund to snatch up a bunch more of these types of companies because he is willing to take the risk.   I dont see how he actually adds anything to BD or any other company besides cash. But his strategy has not been the home run, it has been to hit the ball into orbit.
What you need to do is register as a sole trader. This will automatically register you for self assessment so you don't have to do that separately. For a simple business like you describe that's it.  Completing your self assessment will take care of all your income tax and national insurance obligations (although as mentioned in your previous question there shouldn't be any NI to pay if you're only making £600 or so a year).
An hour of lawyer's time plus an estimate, provided you know what you're going to ask and for what purpose, is going to be pretty cheap. I would start there, and he/she could probably refer you to an experienced accountant as well, which you'll also want to have on retainer more than likely.
Search Engine Marketing (SEM poco chiamato come) comprende anche campagne pubblicitarie a pagamento come Google ad-parole, la costruzione del marchio, banner, viral marketing e anche alcune altre campagne gratuite come l'email marketing e Social Media Optimization (SMO chiamato come poco). Il motore di ricerca di marketing on-line dà risultati più rapidi rispetto al Search Engine Optimization.
"Schwab is a highly diversified operation and has a multitude of revenue streams.  Schwab obviously thinks it can make more off you than you will cost in ATM fees and it's probably safe to assume most Schwab clients use more services than the ATM card. It's not worthwhile to discuss the accounting of ATM/Debit/Credit card fee norms because for a diversified operation it's about the total relationship, not whether each customer engagement is specifically profitable.   People who get Schwab accounts soley for the ATM fee refunds are in the minority.  In 2016 10-k filing Schwab posted $1.8B in net earnings, 10 million client accounts with a total of $2.78T in client assets.  A couple grand in ATM fees over several years is a rounding error.  ""ATM"" doesn't even appear in the 2016 10-K."
As far as games are concerned, I've found that piracy is often easier and less time-consuming than using the original version. I know that I have personally bought games and then installed the cracked version so I didn't have to dig out the CD every time I wanted to play a game.
Where do you draw this line... isnt it lucky that you simply survived child birth? Arent we all lucky that an extention level event hasnt occured on earth? Arent you lucky that a specific sperm fertilized the egg that created you out of thousamds of others? Luck in the manner being described is typically held for scenarios that are all or mostly luck. Since it takes much more than ONLY luck for economic success - luck is not the only factor that plays a role. It is really that simple.
Before you know it, winter has arrived &amp; your home isn’t quite ready for it. You turn on your heating system and “pfft!”..nothing. Don’t be left in the cold. Call Action Repair Service at 516-223-1990 &amp; we will repair your home’s heating system promptly &amp; professionally. Our experienced repair technicians are experts with all types of heating systems, all makes/models.
its not that hard to figure out  Please explain how arbitrarily raising employee wages would raise demand. What kind of 'demand' do you even speak of? Did you mean [Labor Demand](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labor_demand) ---I think what you talking about is [Consumer Confidence](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consumer_confidence). Please enlighten me.
Funny how the baby boomers were so responsible when they got part time jobs and worked their way through college and had, relatively speaking, very little college debt. But the millennials up and decided to incur thousands of dollars in lifelong college debt for no apparent reason. How irresponsible can they be?
"He's right, I've had several hiring managers who looked over my resume tell me to leave out my warehouse job. The pay is very good but because it's not white collar it's essentially useless for the positions I'm looking for (fintech). They've actually done sleight research on this finding callback rates for similar resumes- they look for keywords that indicate you're at a higher ""class."" Seeing blue collar work isn't very good and, while it will give you an edge over someone with NO job, in the long run it can look very bad on your resume."
The downsides:
I think it already came in 2008. An arbitrary definition of GDP growth hardly means we aren't in a recession now. Numberous metrics were used to identify recessions and we aren't out of woods just because the most widely accepted definition says we are doing mildly better. Any illusions of recovery are created by stimulus spending. When we run out of those bullets we are fucked again unless we have real solutions before then.
You don't even need to look at WACC (which is fairly complicated as a concept) you can simply look up gearing. Both high and low gearing is bad, so even if you've got loads of cash you shouldn't just be using that to invest
Yes, I know this sort of breaks our no-politics rule but this stuff transcends politics really, this is the basic idea of the internet they're trying to take away from us here, and this will deeply deeply affect internet businesses (which, aren't most big businesses internet businesses at this point?), so when fight for the future contacted us I just had to make an announcement.
"Stock support and resistance levels mean that historically, there was ""heavy"" buying/selling at those levels. This suggests, but does not guarantee, that ""someone"" will buy at ""support"" levels, and ""someone"" will sell at ""resistance levels. Any ""history"" is meaningful, but most analysts will say that after six months to a year, the impact of events declines the further back in time you go. They can be meaningful for periods as short as days."
Here's an interesting link to a discussion about an Australian investor group back in the 1990s that bought almost every combination in the West Virginia lottery.  It's pretty fascinating stuff.   How An Australian Group Cornered A Lottery I don't need to add to what's already been said here, but it's a fun story!
The FSA can only pay for expenses incurred after it was open.  This also applies in case of a mid-year change in election (such as due to marriage, divorce, child birth, etc.) For example, according to this page: You can only be reimbursed for qualifying expenses, from the election that was in place at the time the expense was incurred. So, say you had $500 available from January to June, then on July 1 had a qualifying event, you then elected $2000.  You can be reimbursed for up to $500 in expenses incurred prior to July 1, and then an additional $1500 in expenses incurred after (up to $2000 if you didn't use your full $500). More specifically, from the IRS Publication: Generally, distributions from a health FSA must be paid    only to reimburse you for qualified medical expenses you    incurred during the period of coverage. -- The HSA question is more complicated. I would talk to a tax accountant, or at minimum your benefits coordinator.  Also read the publication I linked above, the first part is about HSAs.  The short answer to your specific question: stop contributing to the HSA, unless you were contributing well under the limit of the HSA.  If you know your limit, and you know you're under it, you can continue contributing until April 15 of next year: If you fail to be an eligible individual during    2013, you can still make contributions, up until April 15,    2014, for the months you were an eligible individual. The general rule is you can contribute up to (1/12)*(your limit)*(number of months you were eligible).  So, if you changed jobs Oct 1, and you're single, then you could contribute (3250)*(1/12)*(9), or just over $2400 in total for the year.  If you've contributed less than that to date, you may continue contributing up to that amount - but again, contact your benefits coordinator or preferably a tax accountant, as the rules can be complicated. You definitely cannot deduct any expenses from the account that you incur after you are no longer eligible, and the rules on distributions are pretty complicated - and if you get it wrong, you may owe a 10% penalty on top of the tax you would normally owe, so there is significant incentive not to get it wrong.
I would expect that your position will be liquidated when the option expires, but not before. There's probably still some time value so it doesn't make sense for the buyer to exercise the option early and take your stock. Instead they could sell the option to someone else and collect the remaining time value. Occasionally there's a weird situation for whatever reason, where an option has near-zero or negative time value, and then you might get an early exercise. But in general if there's time value someone would want to sell rather than exercise. If the option hasn't expired, maybe the stock will even fall again and you'll keep it. If the option just expired, maybe the exercise just hasn't been processed yet, it may take overnight or so.
So in a sense, I can think of the employees / option-holders as another investor?   That makes sense - but many of the examples I'm finding online are still confusing me. Based on the example above, it seems like option-holders would be paying the same exercise price as the VC. Per [Andreesen Horowitz](https://a16z.com/2016/08/24/options-ownership/) this seems uncommon:   &gt; The exercise price of employee options — the price per share needed to actually own the shares — is often less than the original issue price paid by the most recent investor, who holds preferred stock.    In reality, would option-holders receive, say, 40% (using example above) for their $6m in exercise value due to receiving common stock, with the founder being diluted to even further?
You should probably talk to a professional tax adviser. This doesn't seem to be a common situation. From the top of my head, without being a lawyer or a tax professional, I think of it like this: The income is for year 200..., and should have been taxed then. You constructively received it then, and not claimed it. You probably had withholding from this salary that should have been reported to you then on W2 (you can get a copy from the IRS). I'd say you're to amend the return for year 200... with the new income, if it wasn't reported then. Although if more than 3 years passed (6, if its 25% or more of your gross income for that year), its beyond statute. However, as I said, I'm not a lawyer and not a professional tax adviser, so you cannot in any way rely on my opinion for anything that would result in not paying any taxes or penalties you should have. You should talk to a licensed tax professional (EA/CPA/Lawyer licensed in your State).
The article http://www.forbes.com/2008/09/15/bearstearns-lehman-compliance-pf-ii-in_js_0915soapbox_inl.html does a nice job explaining SIPC insurance coverage. The coverage is currently $500k total / 250k of which can be cash, that's the one update I'd offer.
"For diversification against local currency's inflation, you have fundamentally 3 options: Depending on how sure you are on your prediction, and what amount of money you're willing to bet to ""short the country"", you might also consider a mix of approaches from the above. Good luck."
Share prices fall when dividends are paid out because the paid dividend (cash out) actually reduces the value of the company. Usually the share price falls by the amount of the dividend payment.
Fortune Passage is the best interior designer and a renovation provider company in Malaysia. You can go for a complete renovation of your old furniture at our office. We provide the best Furniture renovation in Johor. Our professionals will ensure a brand new look to the traditional Amish made furniture. This technique is particularly beneficial in re-doing a solid piece of furniture like Amish Oak furniture. The new paint can also be supplemented by glazes, crackled paint etc.
One of many things to consider is that in the United States student loan interest is tax deductible. That fact could change the math enough to make it worth putting A's money elsewhere depending on his interest rate and income bracket.
The stock market is generally a long term investment platform.  The share prices reflect more the companies potential to be profitable in the future rather than its actual value.  Companies that have good potential can over perform their actual value.  We saw this regularly  in the early days of the internet prior to the .com bust.  Companies would go up exponentially based on their idea's and potential.  Investors learned from that and are demanding more these days.  As a result companies that do not show growth potential go down. Companies that show growth and potential (apple and google for 2 easy examples) continue to go up.   Many companies have specific days where employees can buy and sell stocks.  there are minor ripples in the market on these days as the demand and supply are temporarily altered by a large segment of the owner base making trades.  For this reason some companies have a closed pool that is only open to inside trades that then executes the orders over time so that the effect is minimized on the actual stock price.  This is not happening with face book.  Instead many of the investors are dumping their stock directly into the market.  These are savvy investors and if there was potential for profit remaining you would not see the full scale exodus from the stock.  The fact that it is visible is scaring off investors itself.  I can not think of another instance that has gone like facebook, especially one that was called so accurately by many industry pundits.
&gt; He literally has bannon at the top level of his administration in addition to jeff sessions as AG. Theyre publicly avowed white supremacists with a history of supporting white supremacist causes.  I'm begging you, please find me a source on this one I'd love to see their thorough investigation.  &gt; His voting block cumbles entirely without them which is why he is so slow to criticize.  HAHAHAHA his voting block crumbles entirely? Just how many white supremacists do you think exist in the US? Hillary would've won if it wasn't for white supremacy!
The only advantage of changing all your money now to the new currency is that you might get a better conversion rate now than later, so you get more of the new currency and you may pay a lower percentage fee for changing a larger sum of money. However, regarding the better conversion rate - you will not know this except with hindsight. The disadvantage of changing all at once is that if you have changed too much and need to change back to your own currency or a third currency, you will be charged fees and lose on the conversion rate twice. If you know how long you are going to be in the new country, say 12 months, maybe start by converting an amount you think you will be spending in a month. If you spend more then you can change a bit more the next month, or if you spend less change less the next month. If you find you are spending similar amounts for the next month or so, then you can budget on the amount you may be spending for the remainder of your stay and then convert this amount over. If you have a little left over at the end of your stay maybe reward yourself with something or buy a present for someone special back at home. If you need a little more, just convert this amount in the last month or so.
"Unless your 401(k) plan is particularly good (i.e. good fund choices with low fees), you probably want to contribute enough to get the maximum match from your employer, then contribute to an IRA through a low-cost brokerage like Vanguard or Fidelity, then contribute more to your 401(k). As JoeTaxpayer said, contributions to a Roth IRA can be withdrawn tax- and penalty-free, so they are useful for early retirement. But certainly use your 401(k) as well--the tax benefits almost certainly outweigh the difficulty in accessing your money. JB King's link listing ways to access retirement money before the traditional age is fairly exhaustive. One of the main ways you may want to consider that hasn't been highlighted yet is IRS section 72(t) i.e. substantially equal periodic payments (SEPP). With this rule you can withdraw early from retirement plans without penalties. You have a few different ways of calculating the withdrawal amount. The main risk is you have to keep withdrawing that amount for the greater of five years or until you reach age 59½. In your case this is is only 4-5 years, which isn't too bad. Finally, in addition to being able to withdraw from a Roth IRA tax- and penalty-free, you can do the same for Roth conversions, provided 5 years have passed. So after you leave a job, you can rollover 401(k) money to a traditional IRA, then convert to a Roth IRA (the caveat being you have to pay taxes on the amount as income at this point). But after 5 years you can access the money without penalty, and no taxes since they've already been paid. This is commonly called a ""Roth conversion ladder""."
Thanks for the heads up- it definitely wasn't me who posted that. Still, I find it pretty flattering that people are enjoying the post years after I wrote it.  This isn't really anything new, every so often someone basically copy-pastes either this or another essay I wrote around the same time. Even a few big publications have done it. This time it's a bit more blatant than before though.
New Jain Furnishing is a very well known name as a Home Furnishing Retailer in complete Home Furnishing material in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai with a commitment to quality product after sale service. Home Furnishing Retailer in Mumbai are engaged in offering home furnishing materials and fabrics, these fabrics can be use for making curtains, sofa covers, pillow covers, bed sheets etc. Available in different textures, fabrics, sizes and design these fabrics are in huge demand by our esteemed customers and attract repeat orders year after year for home renovation and furnishing. Laminated Fabric offered by Home Furnishing Retailer can be made available in different finish, design and choices, with superior PU coating and lamination support so as to provide for reliable usage performance.
Where do I stand with this? The money was not your's. So co-operate with the bank to get this sent back ASAP. It is good that the equipment is still with you. Yes Bank would need evidence that you were a victim and not party to this crime. Co-operate with the relevant authorities and get this resolved. It is a lesson learnt where luckily no money was lost, but quite a bit of hassle and personal time lost.
If you want believe our 40 workweek is harder than those of ore-civilization man go ahead.  What did we do in our downtime in that epoch?  It was maybe some song, art or games.  But i certainly don't believe that life was more leisurely.  Studying ancient lives is. It going to paint a perfect picture of what life was really about.
Prior to his current job role, Mr. Raphael Lilla operated as the Director, Group and Business Control at Hinduja Bank. Currently, he is working as an Executive Director of SBC Group AG, Switzerland and as Managing Director of Swiss Bullion Company International LLC, Dubai.
Funds earned and spent before opening a dedicated business account should be classified according to their origination. For example, if your business received income, where did that money go?  If you took the money personally, it would be considered either a 'distribution' or a 'loan' to you.  It is up to you which of the two options you choose. On the flip side, if your business had an expense that you paid personally, that would be considered either a 'contribution of capital' or a 'loan' from you. If you choose to record these transactions as loans, you can offset them together, so you don't need two separate accounts, loan to you and loan from you. When the bank account was opened, the initial deposit came from where?  If it came from your personal funds, then it is either a 'contribution of capital' or a 'loan' from you. From the sound of your question, you deposited what remained after the preceding income/expenses.  This would, in effect, return the 'loan' account back to zero, if choosing that route. The above would also be how to record any expenses you may pay personally for the business (if any) in the future. Because these transactions were not through a dedicated business bank account, you can't record them in Quickbooks as checks and deposits.  Instead, you can use Journal Entries.  For any income received, you would debit your capital/loan account and credit your income account.  For any expenses, you would debit the appropriate expense account and credit your distribution/loan account. Also, if setting up a loan account, you should choose either Current Asset or Current Liability type.  The capital contribution and distribution account should be Equity type. Hope this helps!
If you live in Swindon and need to relocate, then you should seek out The Man With Van Network. They offer moving services from the city to anywhere in the UK. They also ensure that your items will be moved safely even through long distances. Visit https://www.themanwithvannetwork.com/ today to get a free quote.
&gt; Neither party gives an F about the consumer.  In this case, every single democrat voted against this. And only 3 republicans in congress crossed party lines to vote with the democrats.  Your statement may have general truth, but this was pretty much a party line vote.
"Pretty hilarious the job you're describing sounds EXACLY like my job working in Margin Credit at a major bank. I do all the processing work, but after a few weeks of that, and saying that I was ""ready for more training"" to my supervisor, he took that as the sign to get me working on some of the smaller client accounts. Now I'm looking at accounts and issuing approvals for funds and trades (depending on how much margins hey have and other factors) Id say just approach your supervisor, tell him you're ready to move on, if they have anything for you hopefully they'll get you started. Stick with it, and don't stab yourself!"
"For non Australian residents: Dividends withholding tax rate is 30%.  Depending upon your country of residence where there is a tax treaty in place to avoid double taxation, then this can be reduced.  Note that only dividends that are unfranked are subject to this (in Australia, if tax has already been paid by the company then they can distribute dividends as ""franked"" dividends""). For example, if you owned shares in Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA), their most recent dividend from Feb 2015 (Paid 2 April 2015)  was $1.98 fully franked.  No withholding tax is applicable. There is no capital gains tax for non-residents on share transactions. There are other ""tax events"" that related to large shareholdings in a company (>10%) with property holdings but I'm guessing that is not an issue. https://www.ato.gov.au/Individuals/Tax-return/2014/In-detail/Publications/You-and-your-shares-2013-14/?page=14 https://www.ato.gov.au/Business/International-tax-for-business/Previous-years/Capital-gains-and-foreign-residents/ https://www.ato.gov.au/Business/International-tax-for-business/Previous-years/Capital-gains-and-foreign-residents/?page=13#Foreign_residents_holding_interests_in_Australian_fixed_trusts https://www.kpmg.com/Global/en/services/Tax/regional-tax-centers/asia-pacific-tax-centre/Documents/CountryProfiles/Australia.pdf"
"Look at the main page of CNBC.Com   It says ""Stocks Slide ahead of Summit""  Whereas if you see Dow is down only 67 points. Wonder where the ""Slide"" word fits in this context.   Just the usual way of Corporate's and Media trying to confuse the small investors."
"Well, FB was trying to be nice to its female employees 2 years ago and initiated a ""freezing egg"" programme at company's expense. Taking fertility clock off their minds, freeing them for more around the clock work. Really considerate of them. INSTEAD OF JUST ALLOWING THEM TO GET LIFE OUTSIDE OFFICE!    Yes, in the modern Western  gulags, jailers wear kid gloves - the essence, though, is the same. No matter how much free organic yogurt and ping-pong tables you get. The chain's still there."
Ask your bank or credit union. Mine will let me issue recurring payments to anyone, electronically if they can, if not a check gets mailed and (I presume) I get billed for the postage.
"&gt; I've never in my adult life been dependent on anyone.  Now I can tell I am talking to a kid. Speaking in absolutes. Yes, I am sure you make your own electricity, grow your own food, refine your own gas, and sow up your own boo-boos. What? ""But I *pay* for it...."" Are you oblivious to how much of that is subsidized through the government. Who do you think built the infrastructure? How do you think the companies that laid that pipe, built those transformers were paid?   I tell you what, name me five modern and common products that *do not* have their foundation in a government invention or government R&amp;D project... If you can do that in the next five minutes, then I will concede your point, and I will reserve my place at this ""no government, commercial only"" Utopia which doesn't currently exist but I am sure that you will one day create..."
This isn't an impressive headline, nor does it show amazing investment foresight, because they were a non-entity. Investing in them back then would have consisted of picking one of hundreds of companies with a good idea and the hope of someday becoming profitable, but risky as hell. A WSB.  A better headline for Netflix, and one that actually teaches a lesson on how to properly invest would be:  **$1,000 in Netflix 6 years ago worth $16K today.**  Around 2010, I was disappointed in myself for not grabbing NFLX earlier on, but didn't want to buy because I didn't think it had much upside... a little overpriced from what I saw.  Then in 2011, they made the stupid Qwikster announcement. Everyone bitched and moaned, and the stock price plummeted. I said to myself - is anyone actually canceling their subscription over this? Who exactly is the competition, the cable company who's 5-10x the price? Hulu, who have commercials?  How could their profits really suffer from this??  I couldn't see any way where they wouldn't claw it back once the dust settled. I bought 150 shares right away. Classic investment example of not succumbing to market panic and getting a good buy.  (Just wish I hadn't sold half my shares after the stock tripled!)
"It depends on the area, but right in Toronto there's not a whole lot of development, but like starter townhouses (3 storey, modern/executive look, around 2000sq ft) start around 750k. Older and run houses, depending on area can go from 600-1.4 million, but it's heavily dependent on area. In a ""good"" area, you'll see completely run down shacks going for 1.4 million. I'm not sure exactly who's buying these houses, but banks aren't giving as many loans now, so I assume people are going private for mortgages. There are incentives for first time home buyers where you don't need much of a down payment (it was around 10%, but I think it's gone up), however something called ""mortgage insurance"" is required, in the case of a default. Rent is sky high as well, and rentals are just as expensive as mortgages, however without the ""commitment"". Cheap rentals never come up, and there is sort of an internal issue with realtors who essentially hike up the prices, however things have cooled off as of late.  I always remember my parents saying that we good do down to the states and buy a house for less than 100k, especially after '08. Houses just seem to have more value in Canada, even in less sought after areas more north"
"Yes, they're all the same family.  I know one of the guys, his name is ""Andy Zildjan"" and he worked for Sabian.  His main job was travel around the world and take pictures of drummers using their cymbals.  Sweet job, and a really nice guy."
"Ohh sure.  I think the ""way"" they are saying it also plays into to some perceived core flaws with the business. Low quality food for a high price being the main one. Not caring to look up alternatives/having the money to spare is a market you can cater too, but when the company is specifically pointing to Millennials they push back what they think is a stupid market."
"Did you say with a straight face that manufactoring is the way of the past?  We are being out competed globally in the manufactoring sector, so now it's ""the way of the past"". What makes you think that the service based economy is somehow protected from global markets? That's ridiculous."
Eliminating the deduction for state and local taxes is punishing blue states. No way around it - this is the definition of double taxation that the GOP rails against for corporations.  I'm sorry that my state and local government provide me services I want, utilize and enjoy.
Highly doubt this will have much of an affect.  He'll still be silently leading the ship and data shows only minimal user changed to lift.  They still lead the industry in the move to driverless taxis, which is what their entire model is based on.  Everyone jumping on the bandwagon here will be embarrassed by their comments
Using parallels is fantastic.  There's a new parallels 10 coming out in less than a week that speeds up excel on a Mac up to 50%.  Coming from PC for over 15 years, if you need a ms office on Mac, parallels is a must.
It's always a good move for risk-averse person, expecially in Europe. Because houses are not represented by number in an index. Therefor if you are risk-adverse, you will suffer less pain when house prices go down because you won't have a number to look at everyday like the S&P500 index. Because houses in Europe (Germany, Italy, Spain) are almost all made by concrete and really well done (string real marble cover, hard ceramic covers, copper pipes, ...) compared to the ones in US. The house will still be almost new after 30 years, it will just need a repaint and really few/cheap fixings. Because on the long run (20/30 years) hosues are guaranteed to rise in price, expecially in dense places like big city, NY, San Francisco, etc. The reason is simple: the number of people is ever growing in this world, but the quantity of land is always the same. Moreover there is inflation, do you really think that 30 years from now building a concrete house will be less expensive than today??? Do you think the concrete will cost less? Do you think the gasoline that moves the trucks that bring the concrete will be less expensive than now? Do you think the labour cost will be less expensice than now? So, 30 years from now building an house will be much more expensive than today, and therefor your house wil be more expensive too. On the lomng run stock market do not guarantee you to always increase. The US stock market have always been growing in the long run, but Japan stock market today is at the same level of 30 years ago. Guess what happened to you if you invested your money in the Japan stock market, 30 years ago, whilest your friend bought an hosue in Japan 30 years ago. He would now be rich, and you would now be poor.
The precise answer depends on the terms and conditions of the loan, and whether you can reasonably expect to meet them. For example, if you keep the loan, make no payments, there is a good chance that - eventually - you will trigger a clause in the contract, and suddenly be charged fees or a significant interest rate.     If you don't need to pay anything for a time, odds are you will forget to monitor the loan (after all it is not costing you anything) and suddenly get hit with an unexpected expense. Most loan contracts are structured - by professionals - to benefit the loan provider.     The purpose of a loan provider is to make a profit.   They do that by encouraging you to pay more -  up front, over the longer term, or both. Personally, I would never take out a zero-interest loan.   It is specifically designed to appear like a gift from the loan provider, while actually (and almost covertly) costing more at some point. If I was in your position (i.e. if I had taken out such a loan) I'd pay off the loan as fast as possible.   If you have more than one loan, however, prioritise by working out which actually costs you more over time.   And pay the worst ones first.    You'll have to look closely at the terms and conditions - possibly with the help of a professional - to work out which is actually work.
Anyone who has that kind of money to blow probably has a CPA with a power of attorney who could provide such a service. I don't have that kind of money but I do have a CPA with a POA who would gladly charge me and arm and a leg to deliver money to me.
"Seriously? You and other libertarians have no problem with this part of the quote:  &gt;The business man is only tolerable so long as his gains can be held to bear some relation to what, roughly and in some sense, his activities have contributed to society.""  Also, Keynes was a member of the Chicago school? You're thinking Milton Friedman, I think."
"I'm working on similar problem space. There seems to be some working ambiguity in this space - most focus seems to be on more complex cases of income like Dividends and Capital Gains.  The US seems to take a position of ""where the work was performed"" not ""where the work was paid"" for purposes of the FEIE. See this link. The Foreign Tax Credit(FTC) is applied (regardless of FEIE) based on taxes paid in the other Country. In the event you take the FEIE, you need to exclude that from the income possible to claim on the FTC. i.e. (TOTAL WAGES(X) - Excluded Income) There is a weird caveat on TOTAL WAGES(X) that says you can only apply the FTC to foreign-sourced income which means that potentially we are liable for the on-US-soil income at crazy rates.  See this link.. Upon which... there is probably not a good answer short of writing your congressperson."
Thank you for your response KeithB and Ross. I was researching more about this and looks like I have to follow all these steps (please, correct me if I'm wrong):
It still does not address the difference in risk between lending to a large bank that must meet reserve requirements and between lending to more risky parties.  And is borrowing from BOJ to buy U.S. treasuries a bad thing if there is rate arbitrage?
Why is it the Ted Cruz young-republican creepers come in waving debt numbers like all of a sudden debt is not some kind of established financial instrument used by governments of all sizes?  I said QoL and GDP. Congrats on your red shithole for having smaller arbitrary numbers on your Excel sheet. It won't matter much when most of your populace dies from being underinsured, undereducated, unhealthy obese smokers.   But hey at least they're not confused by the bathroom signs right? ;-)
"&gt;I mean, if this were the mortgage market, you would be arguing to banks ""What the hell made you think this homeowner would keep paying you 6% interest on this money when you're not providing any kind of value twenty years later?""   That's not how pensions work. A pension is your money. The value is the value you've put into it over the years. $400 a month for 30 years shouldn't go away just because you aren't putting monthly amounts in any more. There is either capital left in the account, or their isn't."
Inugo is a parking space finder that can help you find early bird parking in the CBD, or help you fill your carparks. To save time and money on casual parking, use this simple app. To know more about find parking app, visit our website.
&gt;&gt; So I have no trouble calling a Christian republican a hypocrite if they choose to use their power to build and propose legislative action which will do nothing to help the poor and will very likely make them more vulnerable.  They have stated, ad ifinitum, that government intervention in the healthcare market drives up expenses, limits choice and competition, substitutes taxes for personal charity, and ultimately undermines people's opportunities to support themselves and pay for healthcare. You may not agree with this assessment of the situation, but it is not internally inconsistent as you seem to claim.   Well the Bible may not, but I certainly will. If you knew anything about the context of the scriptures writing, you'd know that an attack on Roman state finances is the quickest way to have you're fledgling religion purged by your friendly, neighborhood Roman legions. Thus rendering unto Ceasar was and remains a matter of life and death.
Last night I got a message through the Mac Messages app on my laptop from an automated AOLsysadmin letting me know the service was shutting down. I had forgotten I still had my AIM account linked to Messages, haha.  My AIM account is my longest running online account at 19 years. I think my yahoo email is next in line at 17 or 18 years.
I will answer my own question. After calling my broker, they explained me this:
A lot depends on how much is in the account, and whether you expect to be returning (or having any sort of financial dealings) in Europe in the future. My own experience (about 10 years out of date, and with Switzerland) is that the easiest way to transfer reasonable amounts (a few thousand dollars) was simply to get it in $100 bills from the European bank.  I also kept the account open for a number of years while living in the US (doing contracting that was paid into the European bank), and could withdraw money from American ATMs. I eventually had to close the account due to issues between the bank and the IRS.  I think it was only that particular bank (UBS) that was the problem, though.
"The linked article is good at explaining the current situation.    What it is not good at is explaining the basics of the situation.  It's roughly 3 paragraphs before we even learn the first part (""original use of the name 'Windhaven'""), and 10 paragraphs until we learn that there exists a ""Windhaven Insurance"" and they're being dicks.  Maybe that's not TL for printed word, or someone interested in the topic.  But it _is_ too long for something serving as a primer."
Yup, and fortunately there are vocal (and voter) people on both sides of most issues, making the center unnecessary for voting. If the system gets too crazy, the middle will act.  So I'm not too worried. The vocal kids you worry about are like the 60's peace, love, and freedom hippies that grew up and became the respectable capitalists in the 1980's. Youthful idealism gets replaced with respect for reality.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [Under Armour’s terrible year just got worse](https://www.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/79z42k/under_armours_terrible_year_just_got_worse/)  &amp;nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
oh wow, nice to hear about your friend. and I guess I didn't make myself clear. What I meant was as I'm an international student, USA will allow me to work here for one year after I get my degree and then they'll send me back to my country. Anyway, I'll definitely take your advice into consideration.
Worked my way through college, 40-50 hours a week making minimum wage at KFC until I got promoted to assistant manager. Yes it's hard, but not so hard that you can't still have a life outside of school and work. Having kids would change all that I have no idea what it's like to try and juggle work school and kids but that's the risk you take when you have kids wether on purpose or accident.
Excellent responses so far.  Because I am a math guy, I wanted to stress the power of compounding. It's great that you are thinking about saving and your future when you are so young.  Definitely be displined about your saving and investing.  You would be surprised how just a small amount can compound over the years. For example, if you were to start with $5000 and contribute $100 per month.  Assuming that you can get 5% ROR (hard in today's world but shouldn't be down the road), your final principal after 28 years (when you are 50 years old) will be over $90,000, which of only $38,000 is what you contributed yourself.  The rest is interest.  You can play with the numbers here: http://www.math.com/students/calculators/source/compound.htm
Incorrect.   Dividends are paid after tax, so whether they pay them or not has nothing to do with tax avoidance.  Additionally, dividends have little to no impact on the market cap of a company like amazon.  On top of all of that, amazon does not pay dividends at all, they invest their cash back into themselves to grow. This strategy reduces profit, and the growth drives up their market cap and drives down their cost of capital as a result.
"Ask yourself one question - ""Why me?""  Say I had no friends or family (that I liked). I have money and I'm dying. There are a half dozen charities I'd write checks to. Under what circumstances would I ever contact a stranger to try to give my money away? That answers why this is a scam."
Trusts are useful for a number of situations, country-centric or not.
A small business consultant works with clients on strategy, planning and problem solving, and helps clients develop Business consultant  skills and knowledge. These topics range from designing a business model or marketing plan, to determining which marketing techniques to use and how to use them. You'll often help clients learn how to plan and implement projects. A small business consultant gives advice, teaches skills, and brainstorms with the client to produce practical results and enhance strategic thinking.
"For stock options, where I'm used to seeing these terms: Volume is usually reported per day, whereas open interest is cumulative. In addition, some volume closes positions and some opens positions.  For example, if I am long one contract and sell it to someone who was short one contract, then that adds to volume and reduces open interest.  If I hold no contracts and sell (creating a short position) to someone who also had no contracts, then I add to volume and I increase open interest. EDIT: With the clarification in your comment, then I would say some people opened and closed positions in that one day.  Their opening and closing trades both contribute to ""volume"" but they have not net position in the ""open interest."""
There's already a budget deficit and national debt. Obama doubled the national debt in his tenure from ~10 Trillion to ~20 Trillion (more than any president in history), yet we still built infrastructure. We will with Trump too, one of his goals he's stated was infrastructure. I hate to say it, being fiscally conservative, but the debt would increase a small percentage compared to what Obama did.   To me, any time you can get more tax money into the hands of all American citizens and companies is a win in my book. Sure the rich will benefit from this, but the poor and middle class will as well.
um, yes. the point of an audit is verification. you could have claimed to have bought fax machines and pocketed the money, and giving them a list claiming you had bought 5. without them physically inspecting, how would they know the difference?  its amazing your level of distrust for government yet trust of others
Investing is when you seek to make money from owning things.   Making money from owning things is economic rent.    &gt; Investing is a valid practice that helps new businesses and, by extension, society as a whole.  Investing has good and bad effects.  The good is that useful capital is created.  The bad is that rent is created.  Corporate tax cuts are a disaster.  It's increasing the bad part of investment with a net negative effect on the good part.
As they say, the grass is always greener... Honestly though, I understand the issues that a spike in gas prices (or anything as a matter of fact) causes, regardless of whether gas was cheap or expensive to begin with. I can assure all the Californians though, that once the initial shock wears off life will go on as usual.
Thank you jnordwick for voting on RemindMeBot.    This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).     ***    ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
Gonna take more than seasonality to break current momentum. Sentiment is not overly bullish from a retail or institutional aspect. If the year ended today this year would have the smallest drop on record (&lt;3%). The short run outlook of 3-6 months looks very positive from this perspective assuming no unforeseen catalyst occurs to break this trend.   Longer term, were in for a correction...but that's normal and nobody knows when it will happen. Anyone investing in stocks should know this and if they don't they need a new advisor or should not be investing alone. Buy the fucking dip and diversify your shit.
Tax is due in India as you offered services from India.  So whether the International Client pays via Credit Card, Bank Transfer, Paypal or any other means is not relevant. Even if the International Client pays you in a account outside India; it is still taxable in India.
Depends on the reason you were issued the credit -- rebates aren't income, remuneration for value you provide to them is. In other words, exactly the same as it they gave you money.
"Everyone buys different kinds of goods. For example I don't smoke tobacco so I'm not affected by increased tobacco prices. I also don't have a car so I'm not affected by the reduced oil prices either. But my landlord increased the monthly fee of the apartment so my cost of living per month suddenly increased more than 10% relative to the same month a year before.  This is well known, also by the statistical offices. As you say, the niveau of the rent is not only time- but also location specific, so there are separate rent indices (German: Mietspiegel). But also for the general consumer price indices at least in my country (Germany) statistics are kept for different categories of things as well.  So, the German Federal Statistical Office (Statistisches Bundesamt) not only publishes ""the"" consumer price index for the standard consumer basket, but also consumer price indices  for oil, gas, rents, food, public transport, ... Nowadays, they even have a web site where you can put in your personal weighting for these topics and look at ""your"" inflation:  https://www.destatis.de/DE/Service/InteraktiveAnwendungen/InflationsrechnerSVG.svg Maybe something similar is available for your country?"
Disclaimer: I am not a tax specialist You probably need a sales tax permit if you're going to sell goods, since just about every state taxes goods, though some states have exemptions for various types of goods.  For services, it gets tricker. There is a database here that lists what services are taxed in what states; in Wyoming, for example, cellphone services and diaper services are taxed, while insurance services and barber services are not.  For selling over the internet, it gets even dicier. There's a guide on nolo.com that claims to be comprehensive; it states that the default rule of thumb is that if you have a physical presence in a state, such as a warehouse or a retail shop or an office, you must collect tax on sales in that state. Given your situation, you probably only need to collect sales tax on customers in Wyoming. Probably.  In any event, I'd advice having a chat with an accountant in Wyoming who can help walk you through what permits may or may not be needed.
"&gt;&gt; but something doesn't ""feel"" right about it.   You just read a story by the Washington Post, i.e. Jeff Bezos, I.e. Walmart's no. 1 enemy. And it was written accordingly.   Maybe we should wait until this is running to judge it ?"
First, I don't think your parents are ripping you off, but you should get your agreement in writing. The fact that you never own more than 25% doesn't matter. If the condo's value is increasing, you are in fact building equity. Your share of the equity just doesn't increase, but it doesn't decrease either. For example, if the condo is worth $300,000 now, you have $75,000 in equity. Of course if the value is decreasing, so is your equity. If you are paying $500/month in interest (as OP clarified above), and you don't have a written agreement, you are probably unable to claim that payment as mortgage interest if you itemize your deductions on U.S. federal or state tax returns, thus you may be losing out on a legal tax deduction (assuming you earn enough to itemize). They will need to give you each year the proper IRS form for mortgage interest (Form 1098). And, they have to claim the $500/month as interest income on their tax returns. Having a written and signed contract eliminates confusion and potential for heartbreaking misunderstanding the future--and it sounds like you are already experiencing some doubt and confusion now. Your rate seems within market rates for an interest-only loan. Let's say you wanted to buy out your parents' share of the condo right now. Would you pay $115,000 or would you have to get an appraisal to find out what the condo is worth now? If you can't answer that question, you need to get that in writing so that you won't have an argument over it someday. If the condo has appreciated significantly and all you have to pay is the $115,000, then that's a sweet deal for you, because you'd be buying out a much more valuable property for much less than it's worth. If that is the agreement, and the property is appreciating (no guarantee, especially with condos), then you are essentially building equity. If the property is declining in value and you do wish to sell it, then you won't have to pay $115,000; they'll just end up with their 75% share, which will be less than the $115K they invested. Both of you would lose some of your investment, but you would have had all the benefits of living in a nice condo all those years and they wouldn't. They are definitely taking more risk than you are. Second, if you had $40,000 cash saved up, your parents probably raised you with some good financial sense and work ethic, so I'm optimistic they have good intentions for your future. Operate from that frame of mind when you go to ask for a written agreement. Next, read up about Equity Share Agreements. There are many models that will help inform your decisions. But, you should engage a real estate lawyer to help you draw up a fair agreement for both parties.  I was in an equity share agreement for my first townhouse. It's a common practice, and it won't cost all that much to get one created. It's worth the money to get it done properly.
I was reading about the development of our modern highway system. Remember 'what's good for General Motors is good for America'? The car manufacturers had a lot to do with the building of the interstates.  The problem is every new generations thinks the problems it sees are new when they are are really just the same ol' same ol' in news togs. Ultimately, much of our inclination to fuck up is down to our lives being so short. Nobody remembers.
"A non-trading stock or non-marketable security or unlisted security is one that does not trade continually on an exchange. For tax purposes, this can mean a whole new ball of wax which I would prefer the experts address with an edit to this answer or a new answer. For financial accounting purposes, this is when, say, one owns shares in an unlisted corporation and should be treated very carefully less one delude oneself. For trading stock, the value can be known immediately by checking any valid data provider's price and marking to market.  For non-trading stock, the value has to be ""marked to model"".  This can get one into Enron sized trouble. In this case, it's best to either leave the value of the stock at the purchase price and recognize gains upon sale, use a price from another honest transaction by third parties which are most likely difficult to attain, or to use some shorthand measure like applying the market P/E. Be wary of strangely high figures for value from the purchase price by using a market average, and don't throw away the shares just yet if a strangely low one arises.  This method can lead to strange results."
Are you claiming the powerful can predict the ups and downs of the economy well enough to consistently profit from it? Please show me these great investors that don't fail much; there must be quite a few, right?
1. It was the late 1960's to the 1970's. 2. It was completely media hype and mostly present in popular literature. 3. It was never a widespread conjecture among the scientific community or the scientific literature of the time. Between 1965 to 1979, [7 articles predicted cooling and 44 predicted warming.](http://journals.ametsoc.org/doi/pdf/10.1175/2008BAMS2370.1)  Even though most articles predicted warming, only the ones that predicted cooling got media attention.
everyone parrots this as the great libertarian dream or something, but in reality all it would do was ramp up industrial espionage on a scale never seen before. Plenty of good, progressive business is done on the back of intellectual property legislation.
Up 20% since election. 30% move from election to late Feb early March. Were you a buyer after Brexit or in Oct of last year?   30% down move from here takes us to early 2014 where it hit ATH (beating strange 08' spike).
Well, yes it does, but just because the debt is trading at 80 cents on the dollar doesn't mean that the company can actually legally get away with paying only 80 cents on the dollar. They would have to come to an agreement with the debt holders first. And perhaps they could, but the more conservative approach is to use the book value of the debt.  Or what about debt that's trading at a premium to its face value, because, say, interest rates have come down relative to the time the debt was issued? The amount that the conpany owes to the debt holders hasn't suddenly gone up.
I guess that means I should be making about $250k a year right now.  I've been at my company for 16 years.  The wage and profit sharing program beat the market wages in my area by a wide margin.  Not all companies are interested in screwing their employees.
Ben Miller's answer is very thorough, and I up voted it. I believe that the ability to rebalance without tax implications is very import, but there are two aspects of the question that were not covered: The 401K in many cases comes with a company match. Putting enough money into the fund each year to maximize the match, give you free money that is not available in the non-retirement accounts. The presence of that match is to encourage employees to contribute: even if they are tying up their funds until retirement age; and they are into a plan with only a handful of investment options; and they may have higher expenses in the 401K. The question also had a concern about the annual limits for the 401K (18,000) and the IRA (5,500). The use of a retirement account doesn't in any way limit your ability to invest in non-retirement accounts. You can choose to invest from 0 to 23,500 in the retirement accounts and from 0 to unlimited into the non-retirement accounts. Double those amounts if you are married.
Firstly decide how long you may be in the country. You will nearly surely have nowhere near sufficient time to suit everything in your listing inside the time body you've got in your excursion. So determine what is most important to you. Cuba isn't a reasonably-priced destination! Take an affordable sum of money. Credit playing cards are restrained in use to huge lodges. Be certain you take a look at your card might be time-honored of the Accommodations in Cuba. They no longer take much credit playing cards. The price of every transaction is also very high-priced, so playing cards are first-rate used simplest in big quantities. Cuba can be an exceedingly small country. However, their form of geographic areas gives you many picks in activities.
It might vary a lot depending on what you'd be doing. I work in PE and my life is mostly a smear of meetings, dinners, weekend getaways, etc., with the people we're trying to pitch to. My friends in VC performing a similar role seem to have a better balance between work and personal life.   That being said, our in office staff work a more or less 9-5 week except when there's a crunch for reports or prep work.
ok fuck it then, you'd rather discuss how to pass the CFA five times a week? enjoy!  by the way - if you're going to be so condescending with your information - at least be correct when doing so. Ireland and Greece have both taken on debt to support failing banks - whether or not they did before the crisis, and whether or not it is only a small  % of total deficit, is irrelevant to his question. this is the entire reason direct recapitalizing has been implemented with ESF - to prevent further deterioration of country balance sheets
"We'll, he provides some figures on the burden on lower income households.  It kind of makes sense.  Even if both middle class households and lower income households consume the same relative amounts of ""sinful"" goods, there will likely be a higher burden on the poor.  It's exasperated by the high tax rate on those goods. The only way to remove that higher burden is for the poor to ""consume less vice"" than the affluent.  That's an awkward position to hold.  It doesn't make sin taxes bad public policy.  They're an effective tax strategy that can be dedicated to helping provide other necessary social services.  But, they can be regressive and push other values at the same time."
I wouldn't doubt they're real eggs, but them and dunkin donuts, they're frozen + who knows how many other storage / preservative processes they go through.  Something about a reheated frozen egg in a perfect circle just doesn't cut it for me. The regular, fresh, non-frozen eggs cooked then and there for the first time off the grill taste less bland to me.
Cryptocurrency is undoubtedly at the peak of Gartner hype cycle, but it very well could revolutionise the way we use currency for our daily needs in the future.  Stay with me on this… At present, cryptocurrency appears no more than a speculation that is sugar-coated by individuals who have vested interest in it. However, if we overlook this excitement, the actual use of cryptocurrency is mind-boggling.   Suppose you had a mid-life crisis and went on a journey to the middle of the Earth to find where humans supposedly originated from, and you met and connected with a local coffee farmer named Razaq in a very remote part of Ethiopia. He invited you for an evening coffee and you obliged, and six months later you yearned for this same coffee whilst you were having another wave of existential thoughts in your penthouse that overlooked the urban jungle.  Suddenly, you remembered that Razaq had a cheap but functional smartphone with a Bitcoin wallet, and afterwards you communicated with him on WhatsApp and decided to enter in a transaction with him. Razaq is delighted with this technology, but mainly because he does not have to travel 100 km to-and-fro the nearest city where his bank is located, and he is also happy that he can send a sack of coffee beans to his friend who lives in a faraway land, and all he needs to do is hand over the coffee sack to delivery truck en route the shipping port. Ultimately, saving Razaq lot of his precious time and resources.  Now use this one example and multiply it by hundreds of millions of people around the world who have a very remote access to a ‘bank’, but have an access to a basic smartphone – imagine the possibility of connecting people like Razaq to the ‘internet’ world and having a seamless cross-border trade finance transaction using currency that is not controlled by any government.  Like many others, I am keen to see the developments of cryptocurrency in the coming years, but for now I remain sceptical. That said, I am more interest in the countless opportunities that will be unlocked by the very technology that is fundamental to all the cryptocurrencies; the Blockchain.  Crytocurrency is one branch of Blockchain technology which has proved useful. There are million other possibilities which I'm sure will benefit many industries in the coming decade, and I, for one, am very excited.
"&gt; I think you take some pretty big liberties assuming I think people deserve failure.  To lurkers: /u/JohnTesh is responding to something I quickly deleted after posting my last message.  Damn, he is fast.  I don't think so.  If you believe your success in life is earned then you must also conclude that most people's failure in life is also earned.  &gt; Or do you think they use the term lucky to mean there is no merit basis for the difference?  I think people mean this more than your other but I think the word ""merit"" is too shallow. Of course success should go to someone who has merit.  The ""luck"" assertion is that whether or not a person possesses merit is decided by factors out of that person's control.  &gt; I'm not saying everyone with money has it because of merit...  Of course not.  There are exceptions to every rule.  We are both talking in generalities."
&gt;*With few exceptions, it doesn’t make twentieth-century weapons. You can go farther back into history and have Lego swords and Lego catapults, but not Lego M-16 automatic rifles or rocket-propelled grenade launchers from today. Or you can go forward into fantasy and have Lego laser blasters and plasma cannons, but you can’t have World War II machine guns and bazookas.*  When I was a kid, I *made* guns out of Lego.
You claim that IQ accurately measures intelligence and problem solving skills and it's supposed to measure those abilities in a way that is independent of education.  Therefore if you're right blacks ate stupider than whites. Stop waffling, stop prevaticating and own that.  I fully understand how genetics work. I'm trying to tell you that there are two choices here. African Americans are stupider than Caucasians of there's a problem with the test.  Your own studies claim there is no epigenetic basis for the point disparity. They don't argue the test is perfect you do. Own you opinions.
Dynamic Moving Montreal cares about the environment. We use green, recyclable moving materials, we help plant trees around Montreal and we encourage our clients to rent plastic bins instead of buying cardboard boxes which is the new convenient,  and Eco-friendly solution to packing your home. We also Recycle your old furniture and home appliances in an Eco-friendly manner.
To start with gold has value because it is scarce, durable, attractive and can be made into jewellery. But that does not explain its current value. In the current economic climate, it is difficult for many investors to get a positive return on conventional investments such as equities or bonds. I theorise that, in such conditions, investors decide to park their money in gold simply because there are few other good options. This in itself drives the price of gold up, making it a better investment and causing a speculative boom. As you will see here, here, and here the gold price is negatively correlated with stock market indices.
As Phil notes, converting to Roth means paying tax on the entire amount of the 401k (or, the entire amount moved, anyway).  Most of the time that's a bad idea.  Roth is a good idea when you're young and paying lower taxes (and often have lots of deductions), and when your money will have lots of time to appreciate tax-free. I imagine there could be edge cases, though, where this could be a good idea.  If he's got a lot of savings which he's planning to live off of for a few years (not the income, but the savings itself), then he would have $0 income for those years.  In that case, it's logical to convert some of the 401k to a Roth IRA, to take advantage of lower tax rates (probably up to or through the 15% tax rate, depending on if his total dollars are enough that he'll be paying an actual tax rate (not marginal) higher than 15% or not).   Now, odds are it's better to take that savings and invest it along with the 401k and then live off of those earnings, rather than just spending the savings, but I imagine there are some with circumstances where this would make sense - particularly if, for example, he downsized in houses and has a few hundred K from that, tax-free.
You already got good answers on why you can't buy a Toyota from the factory, but my answer is regarding to the implied second part of your question: how to avoid haggling. I found a good way to avoid the haggling at a car dealership can be simply to not haggle. Go in with a different attitude. The main reason car dealers list inflated prices and then haggle is that they expect the customers to haggle. It is fundamentally based on distrust on both sides. Treat the sales person as your advisor, your business partner, as somebody you trust as an expert in his field, and you'll be surprised how the experience changes. Of course, make sure that the trust is justified. Sales reps have a fine line to walk. Of course they like to sell a car for more money, but they also do not want a reputation of overcharging customers. They'd rather you recommend them to your friends and post good reviews on Yelp. In the end, all reputable dealers effectively have a fixed-price policy, or close to it, even those who don't advertise it, and even for used cars. Haggling just prolongs the process to get there. And sales reps are people. Often people who hate the haggling part of their job as much as you do. I was in the market for a new (used) car a few months ago. In the end, it was between two cars (one of them a Toyota), both from the brand-name dealer's respective used car lots. In both cases, I went in knowing in advance what the car's fair market value was and what I was willing to pay (as well as details about the car, mileage, condition etc. - thanks to the Internet). Both cars were marked significantly higher. As soon as the sales rep realized that I wasn't even trying to haggle - the price dropped to the fair value. I didn't even have to ask for it. The rep even offered some extras thrown into the deal, things I hadn't even asked for (things like towing my old car to the junk yard).
There are different types and designs of clutch bags available on the web. Clutch Bags provide all kinds of bags online at an affordable price. Our best popular product is Clutch purse,  which is made in the USA.Purses were generally used in religious ceremonies,  then later were more commonly used for carrying money and valuables. Clutches come in a huge variety of shapes, makes, and styles, all of which can vary between brands and seasons.
The value does change from 12.61% to 13.48%. The difference between re-investing cashflows at 14% vs 12% is not big enough to change the rounded value. Edit: The initial cashflow is discounted at t0, meaning it's already equal to its present value and the finance rate doesn't have an effect. It does impact future outgoing cashflows, as you've noted.
"The applicants go through the same process as for any other loan.  The only difference is that the ""bank"" is people like me, perhaps 200 of us on a note.  We kick in $25 or so on each note and get the opportunity to ask the applicant questions.  The investors pay a small percentage as fees to have professionals rate the notes.  The worse the credit, the higher the interest rates the note holder recieves.  Of course if the person stops paying, we receive nothing.  Calculated risk.    I invest in high risk notes sometimes depending on what it's for and have several in my portfolio.  It's literally microlending.  I can afford to lose $25 on a risky loan or two for a 19% profit because the rest of my portfolio is diversified into hundreds of 9-11% notes.  It works surprisingly well."
&gt;I sense latent hostility in your phrasing, but I hope I am wrong. It feels like you are accusing me of making a profit,   No hostility intended.  I just know that if an incremental dollar is to be made from an investment, a business will venture into that increment.     Now yes, you have to look at ROI.   How long is the payback period on my investment?   Higher taxes make make the payback period take longer.   Perhaps the risk/reward payoff just doesn't make a risk worth while any more.  but at the end of the day, if investing in a new machine means you can improve productivity by 10%, and it means a 10% increase in net income before taxes, you're going to do it regardless of whether there's a 2% increase in taxes or not.  Some choices in business are more cut and dry than others.     All I'm saying is that business is really driven by profit, and if an investment will yield you more profit, you're probably going to make it.
May I suggest putting it in a Roth IRA ($5,500 per year.  Right now you can contribute to both 2015 and 2016 so that's $11K.)?  Based on your description it sounds like your tax rate is very low, so it is awesome to put it away now and avoid taxes later on any gains you make on it.  You can use Roth IRA money to pay for college, a home, or retirement. Within your Roth IRA, any of the investment options mentioned here will work. For example, CD's or money market accounts if you just want it to grow in a pretty much savings-account-like manner.  You could also buy diversified mutual funds or have some fun buying individual stocks with some of it. I'm sorry to say that in the current market conditions you are not going to find a completely safe, cash-like investment or account that makes your money grow substantially.  To do that you have to bear risk by buying risky stuff like stocks.
"If you buy a long term bond with long term fixed interest rate, and then the interest rates increase, your bond is worth less. That's not a problem, because over the years the value of the bond will go back to its nominal value. If you have a bond that doesn't pay out annually but increases its value every year, you will get exactly the amount of cash when it pays out that you expected.  The problem is that if for 20 years interest rates were 8% while your bond only paid 4%, then you will have such an amount of inflation that the cash you get is worth much less than you hoped. You may have hoped that your bond would be worth ""one year average salary"", but it may be only worth ""six months of average salary"", even if the dollar amount is exactly what you expected."
"JoeTaxpayer's answer adequately explained leverage and some of your risks.   Your risks also include: The firm's risk is that you will figure out a way to leave them with a negative account that contributes to another customer's profit and yet you disappear in a way that makes the negative account impossible to collect. Another risk is that you are not who you say you are, or that the money you invest is not yours.  These are called ""know your customer"" risks."
No necessarily.   Do you bring any unique value to the company other than a sweaty pair of hands?   Did you bring a unique skill, bring in investors, have relationships that are able to get the business off the ground, have intellectual property worth something to the business?  Did you cultivate the unique seeds or strain on your own before the business started?  These are all things one takes into consideration when dividng up shares in a company.  The question you need to ask yourself is could someone else have provided the sweaty hands other than you?  If yes, then unfortunately you provide no unique value to the business and that will be reflected in how share are portioned.   I'm speaking as a co-founder in a Silicon Valley tech company.   I've spent a lot of money with lawyers to understand this.   You should definitely talk to a lawyer.
It is a mandatory process for every homeowner to inspect the building before buying or sell the building.  We are a good safety agency in the Australia, our experience team uses the new technology to inspect the main issue of the building. There is a lot of inspection service provider in Australia, but they are not proper qualified in this work. It is one of most inspector and trustable company. Get the good inspection group by means of Assured Building Inspections. We are specialising the maximum troubles in Pre Purchase Property Inspections – building &amp; pest inspections. Our impartial opinions, offer our clients with the confidence and peace of mind they need to do nicely knowledgeable, properly taken into consideration selections approximately any belongings constructing troubles. We  companion the maximum building inspection group for the higher result.
3 years. I passed each of the three exams on the first try.   But don't forget, to actually receive the CFA charter you need 4 years of financial industry work experience (this can be earned concurrent to sitting for the exams).
You want CFP or CFA who is also a fiduciary, meaning that by law they have to put your interests ahead of their own. Financial planners who are not fiduciaries can, and often do, recommend investment vehicles that earn them the most commission with little regard of your financial goals. If you already have $500,000 to invest and racking up $100,000 a month you probably qualify for most institutions private client programs. That means that the firm/advisor will look at your financial situation and come up with a custom-tailored investment plan for you which should also include tax planning. I would start with whatever financial institutions you already work with - Schwab, your bank etc. Set up a meeting and see what they have to offer. Make sure you interrogate them about their fees, their licenses/certifications and above all if they are a fiduciary.
This is a very good question and is at the core of corporate governance.  The CEO is a very powerful figure indeed. But always remember that he heads the firm's management only. He is appointed by the board of directors and is accountable to them. The board on the other hand is accountable to the firm's shareholders and creditors. The CEO is required to disclose his ownership of the firm as well.  Ideally, you (as a shareholder) would want the board of directors to be as independent of the management as it is possible. U.S. regulations require, among other things, the board of directors to disclose any material relationship they may have with the firm's employees, ex-employees, or their families. Such disclosures can be found in annual filings of a company. If the board of directors acts independently of the management then it acts to protect the shareholder's interests over the firm management's interest and take seemingly hard decisions (like dismissing a CEO) when they become necessary to protect the franchise and shareholder wealth.
If you give me $216k to trash my credit report, I'll take it every time. People place too much value on the ability to borrow rather than having cash up front. I never pay interest (I do use a credit card and pay it off every month).  Why would you need to borrow money if you effectively got handed $200k? Of course, if your networth went from -$200k to 0, you are still broke. But considering that you were in that situation in the first place, the inability to borrow money may be a good thing.
60 Minutes is just reporting this now?  Been going on for years &amp; years.  In the Silicon Valley tech industry, the jobs themselves are outsourced to Infosys, Wipro, TCS, or similar who hire &amp; manage the H1-B visas.  Apple, Facebook, PayPal, Mattel, utility companies; yep they all do this.
I loved the mail DVD stuff to so long.  Bought stock at 7 and told my family to also since at minimum I thought DVD stores were going down.  Then I felt bad and got nervous when it dropped to $4.  Should have bought more at both points.
Yes, one is certainly better than the other. Which one depends on your priorities and the interest and tax rates on your student loan, your savings, and your (future) mortgage plus how much you can afford to save and still enjoy the lifestyle you want as well as how soon you want to move out. Basically, you havn't given enough information.
There's also the added problem of the fact that it costs 8 cents to manufacture a nickel so there's some uncertainty about how much it'll actually save. With more transactions moving electronic, this will be a much less of an issue over time.
neobudget.com is a website that does exactly what you are describing. It is set up for electronically using the envelope system of budgeting.   Disclosure: neobudget was founded by a former coworker of mine.
Besides, if you don't like how your Credit Union is investing your money, you can always agitate for change by asking members to change the board that governs it. Being a member of a Credit Union gives you a vote on how the institution runs itself.
The home owner will knock 20% off the price of the house. If the house is worth $297K, then 20% is just a discount your landlord is offering.  So your actual purchase price is $237K, and therefore a bank would have to lend you $237K. Since the house is worth more than the loan, you have equity.  20% to be more accurate.  Another way to say is, the bank only wants to loan you 80% of the value of the item securing the loan. If you default on day one, they can sell the house to somebody else for $296K and get a 20% return on their loan. So this 20% you are worried about isn't actually money that anybody gives anybody else, it is just a concept.
You create par levels for everything in the restaurant with set ordering times. For example at my pizza place we order everything except produce on Wednesday nights and Saturdays with deliveries coming Monday and Friday. Order produce so any vegetables and fruit we use on Tuesday Thursday and Sunday. Everything in the store has a shelf life and is labeled with the date it came into the store. Once you have expected product usage you just adjust to the projected sales volume so you don't run out or over order product. Also FIFO is and important part of managing food cost. Always make sure that the oldest product is used first. Let me know if you have any other questions.
"Additionally, the original commenter I was responding to was making an argument that ""they don't make money therefore they're a failure"", which isn't a bad argument to make if you're talking about *revenue*.  Companies that make no revenue are generally considered to be failures, so in that context, he would be correct to say ""they're a failure because they make no money"", and you wouldn't really need any other points to back up your argument.  That being said, plenty of businesses, start-ups especially burn through more money than they make. The lack of profit doesn't necessarily make them a failure provided they are still generating revnue, which Tesla is, and a lot of it.  So, if you'd like to have a discussion about whether they're making *enough* *revenue*, or whether they're poorly re-investing the *revenue* they are making, and how those factors might determine whether or not they should be considered a failure, then I'd be happy to participate.  But if you're only interested in making replies that try to condecend to me because you're too quick to jump to conclusions about what I've written, then have at it I guess. Whatever floats your boat."
http://www.moneysupermarket.com/shares/CompareSharesForm.asp lists many. I found the Interactive Investor website to be excruciatingly bad. I switched to TD Waterhouse and found the website good but the telephone service a bit abrupt. I often use the data presented on SelfTrade but don't have an account there.
How are shareholders sure to receive a fair percentage of each company?  At the time the split occurs, each investor owns the same proportion of each new company that they owned in the first.  What the investor does with it after that (selling one, for example) is irrelevant from a fairness perspective. Suppose company A splits into companies B and C.  You own enough stock to have 1% of A.  It splits.  Now you have a bunch of shares of B and C.  How much?  Well, you have 1% of B and 1% of C.  What if all the profitable projects are in B?  Then shares of B will be worth more than those of C.  But it should be the case that the value of your shares of B plus the value of your shares of C are equal to the original value of your shares of A.  Completely fair.  In fact, if the split was economically justified, then B + C > A.  And the gains are realized proportionally by all equityholders. Remember, when a stock splits, every share splits so that everyone owns both companies in the same proportion as everyone else.  Executives don't determine what the prices of the resulting companies are...that is determined by the market.  A fair market will value the child companies such that together they are worth what the original was.
If you haven't shown that you are capable of handling this job right from day 1, firms most likely won't give you the benefit of the doubt.  That's not a new problem. I wouldn't even say it's a problem. If you want to get into a specific line of work, you need experience like internships or high grades.
"It's not impossible to forecast the future price of a commodity. However, it's exactly that; an educated guess, much like the weather, and the further out that prediction is made, the higher the percentage error is expected. A lot of information is gathered by various instruments, spotters etc at a very high cost of time and money, to produce a prediction that starts breaking down after about five days and is no more than a wild guess after about ten. How accurately a price can be forecast depends on the commodity. There are seasonal and thus cyclical changes in many commodities, on top of which there is a general trend which is nearer term. A pretty decent prediction can thus be arrived at with a relatively simple seasonally-adjusted percentage change algorithm; take a moving average of the last few measurements, compute the percent change versus the same period last year (current minus last divided by last) and multiply it by last year's number for the current day or month to arrive at a pretty decent prediction for the current and near-future periods (up to about as far ahead as you have looked behind). Another thing you may need to do is normalize. Many price graphs are very jittery; the price of a stock may fluctuate many percentage points on a single day, and there's a lot of ""noise"" inherent in them. A common tool to normalize is a box-and-whisker plot, which for a given time period will aggregate all samples within that period, and give you a measurement of the lowest sample, highest sample, median, and quartiles (the range of each 25% of the full sample space). Box plots can also be plotted on the ""interquartile range"" or ""middle fifty""; this throws away the very noisy outliers and constructs a much more regular plot from the inner part of the bell curve. You can reverse-engineer a best-fit line connecting the elements of each box, and the closer two lines are, the more likely the real future data will be around that area (because the quartile between those to lines is very dense; 25% of the values are in a very small range meaning many samples occurred there). Lastly, there are outside factors that are not included in simple percentage growth. Big news must be taken into account by introducing more subjective guesses about future data. If you see an active hurricane season coming (or a hurricane bearing down on Galveston/Houston) then it's reasonable to assume that the price of oil and/or refined oil products (like gas and jet fuel) will skyrocket. A cyclical growth model will not predict these events, but you can factor in the likelihood of a big change with a base onto which you add last year's numbers, and onto that you add regular growth. Conversely, when a huge spike happens due to a non-cyclical event like a natural disaster, you must smooth it out by reducing the readings to fit in the curve, otherwise your model for next year will expect the same anomaly at the same time and so it will be wrong. These adjustments are necessary, but the more of them you make, the less the graph reflects real history and the more it reflects what you think it should have been."
Its really not that hard to get.  Takes a month or two to study to pass it.  Realize though that if you are going to get the series, you are pegging yourself as a sell side roll.  If you are attempting to go buy-side, then you may want to look at different certifications (being a CFA level 1 candidate).  If you have time to burn though, get it, its a good education and a good intro to the world of finance and its not that hard to get.  Hope this helps.  Edit: also realize that if you do get it, and a company sponsors you, if you leave the firm, you have 2 years before the series expires, which means you gotta use it, or lose it.  As I recall, I may be wrong...but I have heard you can 'park' your series at a firm which will pay the FINRA / SEC fees for you.  But I believe they outlawed this practice.
I agree with harmanjd – best to roll it over to an IRA.  Not only does that afford you better control of your money as pointed out already, but: If you choose your IRA provider wisely, you can get an account that provides you with a much wider array of investing choices, including funds and ETFs that charge much lower fees than what you would have had access to in an employer 401(k) plan. But here's one thing to consider first: Do you hold any of your previous employer's stock in your old 401(k)?  There are special rules you might want to be aware of.  See this article at Marketwatch:  If your 401(k) includes your company's stock, a rollover may be a bad move. Additional Resource:
"Compare the first part of the statement, ""constant growth can only make most of us poorer"" with what is supposed to be evidence of that (ridiculous) claim.  Just because people are worse off (which isn't actually true if you aren't measuring things only in money) doesn't mean it *has to* work that way.  This is such a short run analysis and it is just so ridiculous my head is seriously about to explode.  Why not say, ""Since 1914 we have had consistent growth and everyone is better off for it"".  I hope that people this stupid never get any sort of political power because they are truly the destroyer of things."
I've not heard it used in any way other than one's net worth reaching a million.  No 30 yr old lawyer brags that his cumulative income just passed $1M because he may not have saved a dime of it.
You don't need to recharacterize. If you are married and your spouse is covered under a work retirement plan and you are not  the AGI limit in 2013 for folks that are married and filing jointly is $178,000 before the phase out begins. That was raised to $181,000 for 2014. A quick call to the broker/bank where your IRA is should confirm this.
"The VDE fund is an energy fund so this is a function of recent price changes in oil (and gas, coal, &c).   For example. Lets say last year when oil was $100 per barrel a bunch of companies saw a good return and put $ 100 million into a bunch of leases, boreholes, pumps, &c to return $10 million per year, and the market says yeah, they're all together worth 100M. Now oil is less, maybe $40 per the link.  These exploration companies don't have a lot of labor or variable costs; they are operationally profitable, may have ""use it or lose it"" leases or minimum pumping requirements for contract or engineering reasons.  Lets say the cash flow is 7M so the market values them at 70M.  They still have about 100M book value so here we are at .7 and I believe the scenario in the question.  Nobody would invest in new capacity at this oil price.  The well equipment could be repurposed but not the borehole or lease, so the best use is to continue pumping and value it on cash flow.  If an individual well runs negative long enough and goes bust, either a different pumper will pay the minimum price that gives profitable cash flow, or that borehole that cost millions to dig is shut off and rendered valueless.  The CNBC article says some explorers are playing games with debt to maintain yield, so there is that too. In the ETF, your bet is that the market is wrong and oil will go up, increasing future cash flows (or you like the current yield, taking on the risk that some of these oil explorers could go bust)."
"Ultimately, it's a race to the bottom. People don't want to admit this, but the US is on its way out. We had a solid thing going for us but our government went for sale/got bought out by CEOs/lobbyist who had ties to other CEOs who just wanted to maximize profits. This started a trend of always needing to make more money every year. That's unsustainable, and it affects every common person. Anyone from poor to upper middle class. That's a lot of the US's population. This has created a class gap and it's all snowballing. This country runs on a system that exists to only benefit the rich. We need heavier taxes and heavier/extreme fines on the people who manipulate the system and legislate laws that negatively impact the population. I.e: Wall Street executives who caused the 2008 crisis. Heavy penalties like having all their assets forfeited or maybe even taking away their citizenship and banning them from the US. Speaking of the 2008 crisis, people took advantage of that as well. They used that crisis to minimize employees and maximize work at the smallest cost, making the population feel ""lucky to have a job"". We haven't recovered from that, and another more catastrophic recession is on the way.   The US is a hollow shell of what it used to be."
Onsite Rentals is best place if you want to hire world class luxury sanitation, ordinary sanitation for all type of outdoor events.  Give us the best chance to provide you best services to make your events memorable.  For any query calls us- + (91) – 9810084824 and email us- info@onsiterentals.com
This is a joke, just like all the other settlements.  What does it mean?  This payment just symbolizes all the money they are letting go of through short sales, etc.  Their just using this payment to cover their losses.  Its not a payment, its an agreement to relieve $16Billion in debts.
"Most of the fun in going out to eat with friends is in the socializing.  So if you want to skip the overpriced appetizers+dinner+drinks but don't want to miss the fun, you can always just do the ""oh I already ate, but I'll come along and just hang out/have a drink/snack/dessert!"""
Siri isn't all that bad in my opinion and works well for what I need it to do. Maps, on the other hand, is complete garbage. It usually gets me to where I need to go, but feels very clumsy and uses tons of battery. The complete lack of data is another turnoff. Personally, I'd say that whoever decided to nix the Google Maps app is the bigger idiot. All that really needed to be done was integrate the turn by turn directions (rather than watching a tiny dot moving around).
In addition to what George said, there are other things that probably benefit Switzerland:
You may want to have a look at DiversifyPortfolio which will give you the info you want plus quite a bit more. They offer various tools all related to stock correlation and diversification. You'll be able to create heatmaps and various other charts showing stock correlations. It also has several scans which allow you to search for stocks that meet your requirements in terms of correlation to existing positions in your portfolio or to specific stocks / ETF's.
Uh - yeah, and free land. Trust me. If Bezos said that he would build in Houston, or Memphis - the cities in question would immediately sign over the deed to hundreds of acres of land at no charge.    Walmart does the same shit when the open distribution centers.
"Due to the zero percent interest rate on the Euro right now you won't find any investment giving you 5% which isn't equivalent to gambling.  One of the few investment forms which still promises gains without unreasonable risks right now seems to be real estate, because real estate prices in German urban areas (not so in rural areas!) are growing a lot recently. One reason for that is in fact the low interest rate, because it makes it very cheap right now to take a loan and buy a home. This increased demand is driving up the prices. Note that you don't need to buy a property yourself to invest in real estate (20k in one of the larger cities of Germany will get you... maybe a cardboard box below a bridge?). You can invest your money in a real estate fund (""Immobilienfond""). You then don't own a specific property, you own a tiny fraction of a whole bunch of different properties. This spreads out the risk and allows you to invest exactly as much money as you want. However, most real estate funds do not allow you to sell in the first two years and require that you announce your sale one year in advance, so it's not a very liquid asset.  Also, it is still a risky investment. Raising real estate prices might hint to a bubble which might burst eventually. Financial analysts have different opinions about this. But fact is, when the European Central Bank starts to take interest again, then the demand for real estate property will drop and so will the prices. When you are not sure what to do, ask your bank for investment advise. German banks are usually trustworthy in this regard."
Online video delivery and tracking is not new to the internet, however, it is only in recent times that web masters are waking up to the fine utility of this service. There are internet companies that specialize in uploading or hosting, if you would call it that, video you need to display on your site.
Try to cash flow as much as you can. You can work and go to school, if you replace playing beer pong with a job you'll be in a lot better off at graduation, grade wise and debt wise. Make a budget, for each month and for each semester, plan cut cost accordingly. Used books, sometimes even the next to recent version. Read this book for more info Debt-Free U: How I Paid for an Outstanding College Education Without Loans, Scholarships, or Mooching off My Parents
Clearly the semantics of the discussion are of greater importance to you. Hospitals are not directly subsidized by the government.   Medicare originated with two parts: Part A: Medicare Hospital Insurance (HI) which covers hospital / hospice costs and Part B: Supplementary Medical Insurance (SMI) which covers outpatient costs.   Part C was added later by Clinton, which set up a system of selection of health insurance through private companies, and those private companies are then subsidized by the federal government.
"A.1 and B.1 are properly balanced, but ""Business Expense"" is an expense, not an asset. The T entries should be timestamped.  The time should be equal to the time on the credit card receipts.  This will make audit and balancing easier. A or B can be used, but if the the business is to be reimbursed for personal expenses, the accounts should be renamed to reflect that fact. More explicit account names could be ""Business expense - stationary"" and ""Personal expense - lunch"" or even better ""Personal expense - cammil - lunch"".  With a consistent format, the account names can be computer parsed for higher resolution and organization, but when tallying these high resolution accounts, debits & credits should always be used. When it comes time to collect from employees, only accounts with ""Personal expense"" need be referenced.  When it comes time to collect from ""cammil"", only net accounts of ""Personal expense - cammil"" need be referenced. An example of higher resolution, to determine what ""cammil"" owes, would be to copy the main books, reverse any account beginning with ""Personal expense - cammil"", and then take the balance.  Using the entries in the question as an example, here's the account to determine ""cammil""'s balance: Now, after all such balancing entries are performed, the net credit ""Personal expense - cammil"" is what ""cammil"" owes to the business. The scheme for account names should be from left to right, general to specific."
"The decision as to what counts as income is up to the bank. You'll need to ask them whether or not rental income can be included in the total. I can offer some anecdotal evidence: when I applied for a mortgage to buy my home, I already had a rental property with a buy-to-let mortgage on it. Initially the bank regarded that property as a liability, not an asset, because it was mortgaged! However, once I was able to show that there was a good history of receiving enough rent, they chose to ignore the property altogether -- i.e. it wasn't regarded as a liability, but it wasn't regarded as a source of income either. More generally, as AakashM says, residential mortgages are computed based on affordability, which is more than just a multiple of your salary. To answer your specific questions: Covered above; it's up to the bank. If you're married, and you don't have a written tenancy agreement, and you're not declaring the ""rent"" on your tax return, then it seems unlikely that this would be regarded as income at all. Conversely, if your partner is earning, why not put their name on the mortgage application too? Buy-to-let mortgages are treated differently. While it used to be the case that they were assessed on rental income only, nowadays lenders may ask for proof of the landlord's income from other sources. Note that a BTL cannot be used for a property you intend to live in, and a residential mortgage cannot be used for a property you intend to let to tenants -- at least, not without the bank's permission."
And you don't have to yet, that's the beauty of it.  Go talk to a dean at the business school and that of the pharmacy school.  You are not alone in this struggle.  Classses in the beginning are mix and match so there is not business themed.  Think freshman sophomore none electives in HS
"Proverbs 11:14 states: ""For lack of guidance a nation falls, but many advisers make victory sure."" Asking here is a good start.  You'll (hopefully) get a few opinions."
NAVIENT is ripping off borrowers by making it difficult to increase your monthly Autopay amount to be above the minimum that they set.  NAVIENT gets more interest this way.  We have had several student loans with our kids and the other lenders make it easy to increase the amount.  SALLIE MAE was terrible and NAVIENT replaced them.  They are the same - they will get away with whatever they can to get more money out of borrowers. Student loans were not supposed to be a huge money maker for institutions like them.
A credit on your account generally means that they owe you money. There could be several reasons for this: The pay button is generally always visible, even if you have a credit on your account. This gives you the option of prepaying your bill, if you choose, and also allows you to pay your bill if there is a database problem and the website is showing you the wrong total.  However, individual companies design their websites in different ways and use different terminology. I recommend a quick call to the energy company. They can tell you if you owe anything.
It’s actually become a problem.  To raise taxes above that threshold requires a public vote.  My city just raised them with a referendum for the schools.  It’s pretty difficult though, and it definitely forces legislators to need the money for something voters want.
"If she reported the income on the business return, I'd treat this as a ""mail audit"". Try to get a clear statement from Square confirming what they reported, under which SSN/EIN, for what transactions. Make a copy of that. If at all possible, get them to send a letter to the IRS (copy to you) acknowledging that they reported it under the wrong number. Copy the IRS's letter. Square's letter, and both personal and business 2012 returns. Write a (signed) cover letter explaining what had happened and pointing out the specific line in the business return which corresponded to the disputed amount, so they can see that you did report it properly and did pay taxes on it as business income. End that letter with a request for advice on how to straighten this out.  Certified-mail the whole package back to the IRS at whatever address the advisory letter gives. At worst, I'm guessing, they'll tell you to refile both returns for 2012 with that income moved over from the business return to the personal return, which will make everything match their records. But with all of this documentation in one place, they may be able to simply accept that Square misreported it and correct their files. Good luck. The IRS really isn't as unreasonable as people claim; if you can clearly document that you were trying to do the right thing, they try not to penalize folks unnecessarily."
Yapta.com will track flight prices, so you can know when a good time historically is to make a bunch of reservations.  Also, Air India has a frequent flier program so I hope you have signed up for it... you could get free flights once you get enough points (although I would probably use your points for upgrades to business class).
What are you babbling about? He's saying that buybacks are essentialy a return of capital, which is what they are. Only to go one with arguments that do not debunk and are heavily intertwined with personal beliefs and subjectivism doesn't nothing to change this.
He said base salary. Most executive compensation is bonuses, awards, and long term incentives that vastly outweigh the actual cash they receive. Just check out a large company's proxy statement. Walmart's CEO received less than $3 million in cash last year.
As long as Lyft's wages aren't artificially low and expected to be made up for via tips, who cares? It's not like a USA restaurant where servers are paid $3 an hour and the rest is made up for via the customers; Lyft drivers are both happier driving for the company and make more money per base rate wage than with Uber.   *[Source](http://www.npr.org/sections/alltechconsidered/2017/01/21/510479642/survey-finds-lyft-drivers-happier-than-uber-though-pay-has-declined)*  &gt;The rating model Uber uses is much better  What the actual fuck are you talking about? Uber drivers get paid the same whether their rating is a 4.6 or a 5.0. Rating has nothing to do with it.
Get rid of the lease and buy a used car. A good buy is an Audi because they are popular, high-quality cars. A 2007 Audi A4 costs about $7000. You will save a lot of money by dumping the lease and owning. Go for quality. Stay away from fad cars and SUVs which are overpriced for their value. Full sized sedans are the safest cars. The maintenance on a high-quality old car is way cheaper than the costs of a newer car. Sell the overseas property. It is a strong real estate market now, good time to sell. It is never good to have property far away from where you are. You need to have a timeline to plan investments. Are you going to medical school in one year, three years, five years? You need to make a plan. Every investment is a BUY and a SELL and you should plan for both. If your business is software, look for a revenue-generating asset in that area. An example of a revenue-generating asset is a license. For example, some software like ANSYS has license costs in the region of $30,000 annually. If you broker the license, or buy and re-sell the license you can make a good profit. This is just one example. Use your expertise to find the right vehicle. Make sure it is a REVENUE-GENERATING ASSET.
Interesting. Where I work (US) we don't have that problem as males get parental leave benefits too (not legally mandated, just a perk). I would imagine this is more of an issue with small companies rather than large enterprises, would be interesting to see a breakdown of the survey responders and their company size
The option is exercised. The option is converted into shares. That is an optional condition in closing that contract, hence why they are called options.
I don't know which online casino we are talking about, but I would venture to say that online casinos, in general, are probably not the most trustworthy of businesses.  Caution is certainly in order.  That having been said, this isn't an e-mail from a stranger that contacted you out of the blue; you obviously trust them enough to have deposited some money with them, and it seems that they now owe you money. Let's assume for the moment that they are legitimate, and that they sincerely want to pay out your winnings.  If they are to pay you via a wire transfer, they would need your account number and routing number.  (This information is on every check that you write.)  In addition, if this is an international transfer, they would also need your bank's SWIFT number, or possibly an IBAN code. It does seem odd that they would pay you a partial payment with a check, but the rest has to be done via a wire transfer.  You could request that they send the remainder as a check, but I would imagine that if they refuse to send you a check, there is nothing you can do about it. If you decide to go ahead with the wire transfer, you could open up a new savings account with your bank first.  Then you could provide the account number for this new account, and if they are intending to clean out your account, there will be nothing in it.  (For extra protection, when you set up the account, you could ask the bank if they can set up a savings account that will accept incoming wire deposits, but no outgoing electronic withdrawals.) Either way, when you deposit the check you have and you receive this wire transfer, don't spend this money for a while.  Just let it sit in your account (you could transfer it to your main account, if you like), and wait a few weeks.  That way, if there is a problem with these payments and your bank insists on the money back, you will not be in trouble.  If they send you more than they owe you and ask for some of it back, it will be a clear indication of a scam.  Don't send them any money back. After a few weeks, you should be in the clear.  Good luck. By the way, online gambling is a terrible idea.  The fact that you don't trust the casino to pay out should tell you a lot about this industry.  After you receive these winnings (or even if you don't), the best advice I can give you is to stop gambling.
I decided to open it with funds b/c the checking account I have is used as a savings, and has been stagnant. Doesn't make any noticeable interest, and I'm not tapping into it for now. Figured why not get some of it moving. Especially since I'm not working right now and am not contributing to retirement otherwise.  The old 401(k)s have been sitting still for many years, and aren't that full. Really miss my old deferred compensation fund, that does well even when I'm not contributing!
Sooo the ones that knew how fucked up the system was but had essentially no say in the matter are the ones that Amazon are taking down here. Seems that in no way is big pharma taking any damage here whatsoever.  Perhaps if Amazon then gets into production of these pharmaceuticals and decides to lower the wholesale price then big pharma would be in trouble, but neither of these things are likely.
"You've got a 3.9 GPA, numerous awards,  and your dream internship is at an insurance company? On top of that, one small and narrow minded enough to impose it's political and religious ideals on its employees?!?   What useful information are you hoping to take from this ""dream""  internship? How to pretend to be someone else? To fulfill your grand aspirations to sell insurance?   Sorry,  I know you came here looking for interview advice,  but I'm not going to blow sunshine up your ass. I'd be wary of any company that touts it's conservative ideals as a condition of continued employment,  but it's especially ridiculous to work in the insurance industry. It's entirely unsurprising you got an interview after only 6 hours. You're wholly over qualified,  find something better."
We are quickly becoming one of the world's best adult dating websites for the modern man or women. If you want choice and convenience in your life, then you can visit our website. After registration, you will get a lot of contacts girls to fuck. Our website is 100% safe. So what are you waiting for? Start a new registration or get the stylist relationship today.
I think the problem is that for a desirable job you'll often have two equally qualified people but one has a job and one doesn't.  It always looks a little bit better to hire someone away from a competitor than to hire someone out of the jobless pool.  This is why it is important to give employers a tax credit for hiring the unemployed.  It takes that above equation and shifts it a little.  It also signals to society that it is important to get these people back in the workforce.
"The ""right place"" is typically somewhat exclusive and you've had to work pretty hard to get there to begin with. Right time is more luck, but you can make judgement calls here too.  For example I've been at the right place and (possibly - can't really tell without executing myself) right time for a huge number of opportunities. I had to pick one.  Am I super lucky, or very good at networking? Or why do I keep being so often in what appears to be the right place at the right time?"
In addition to taking into account your deductions, as mentioned by @bstpierre, you also need to account for vacation, and other time off such as sick days. You also need to estimate what percentage of the year you expect to be working and pro-rate your salary accordingly.  For example it is not uncommon to use 40 weeks out of the year which is about 77% of the time.  Also check to see if you would be eligible for unemployment for the times you are not working.  I suspect not.  But in any case, you might want to use worst case scenario figures to see if it is worth it, especially in this economy.
There is a survivorship bias in the mutual fund industry. It's not about individual stocks in which those funds invest. Rather, it's in which funds and fund companies/families are still around. The underperforming funds get closed or merged into other funds. Thus they are no longer reported, since they no longer exist. This makes a single company's mutual funds appear to have a better history, on average, than they actually did. Similarly, fund companies that underperform, will go out of business. This could make the mutual fund industry's overall history appear to be better than it actually was. Most companies don't do this to deliberately game the numbers. It's rational on the part of fund companies to close underperforming funds. When a fund has a below average history, investors will likely not invest in it, and will remove their existing money. The fund will shrink while the overhead remains the same, making the fund unprofitable for the company to run.
Banking, transactions carried on by any individual or firm engaged in providing financial services to consumers, businesses, or government enterprises. In the broadest sense, banking consists of safeguarding and transfer of funds, leading or facilitating loans, guaranteeing creditworthiness, and exchange of money. These services are provided by such institutions as commercial banks, savings banks, trust companies, finance companies, and merchant banks or other institutions engaged in investment banking. A narrower and more common definition of banking is the acceptance, transfer, and, most important, creation of deposits. This includes such depository institutions as commercial banks, savings and loan associations (more common in the United States), building societies, and mutual savings banks. All countries subject banking to government regulation and supervision, normally implemented by central banking authorities. For further information on central banks and investment banking, see the relevant articles.
The victim never actually receives the money, so that is not an option. The scammer generates the transaction using a fraudulent check. Once the check is found to be fraudulent the chain of involved banks claw the money back (which is the bank's money, not the scammer's). So, what happens is the victim sees a deposit in their account, but it is not real, it is a conditional deposit by the bank made on the assumption that the payment is good (which it is not). When the victim endorses a check, they are guaranteeing to the bank that they consider the check good and vouching for the check. That is why the bank credits the victim's account, because the victim has vouched for the check. When the check later turns out to be fraudulent, the victim owes the bank money. In theory, people who endorse a fraudulent check could be criminally prosecuted, but that does not happen normally.
If you and your wife are owners, your tickets might be a business expense against the rental income. 'Might' as in the IRS will be happy to audit you, seeing the kids went as well and prorating the expense as say 25% was really business, the rest, family vacation.  If this $4000 write off is the make or break for this deal, don't do it.
"Your Spidey senses are good. A good friend would not put you in such a position. It's simple, to skirt some issue (we'll get to that in a second) you are being asked to lie. All for a 15% return on your $$$$. <<< How much is that?  You can easily lend him the money, and have a better paper trail. But the bank is not going to like that, and requires this money from friends or family to be a gift. I've heard mortgage guys at the bank say ""It's just a formality, we need this paperwork to sell the loan to the investors."" These bankers belong in jail, or at least fired and barred from the industry. They broke the economy in 2008, and should be stopped from doing it again."
"Coming from an area that is hurricane prone, and seeing what happens to local businesses during evacuations/power outages/gas shortages, I think what you already have on hand should be sufficient. And it sounds like that's exactly what you're budgeting for.  I'd say 2 weeks worth of fuel and food costs, with the budget for each in line with riding out a natural disaster. True ""Preppers"" would say keep your money in gold buried in the backyard surrounded by land mines, but that's not perhaps what you're looking for. It is not uncommon for gas stations and grocery stores to revert to cash only sales, especially if they're not big chain operations. If the internet is out, or power is spotty, they may not be able to process CCs. Again, think smaller or more rural businesses. I have seen gas stations switch to cash only during gas shortages as well to help limit how much fuel people were buying.  $250 should get you through fine unless you drive a tank and need steak every night. You could probably go with less, but it's entirely dependent on your needs. As Joe rightly stated in his answer, if it's desperate enough times that you can't use a CC or debit card, cash may not even be useful to you."
Assuming that you have capital gains, you can expect to have to pay taxes on them. It might be short term, or long term capital gains. If you specify exactly which shares to sell, it is possible to sell mostly losers, thus reducing or eliminating capital gains.  There are separate rules for 401K and other retirement programs regarding down payments for a house. This leads to many other issues such as the hit your retirement will take.
We collectively agree that a dollar has a certain value. That's it. We believe in money. Welcome to the collective delusion of fiat currency.  We all could just as easily think they were all useless bits of paper and use them as firestarters. But the economy would have to tank in spectacular fashion for people to start doing that.
Oh look, it's a libertarian ideologue. How quaint.  &gt; The truth is that throughout history, where the greatest income inequalities exist (between the bottom 10% and top 10%, discounting dictatorships where only a tiny amount of people control the wealth), the standard of living of the poor is highest.   This is demonstrably false.  **Countries with the lowest levels of income inequality:**           1. Denmark     2. Japan     3. Iceland     4. Sweden     5. Czech Republic     6. Norway     7. Slovakia     8. Finland     9. Belarus     10. Ukraine       **Countries with the highest levels of income inequality:**           1. Honduras     2. South Africa     3. Bolivia     4. Colombia     5. Angola     6. Haiti     7. Afghanistan     8. Botswana     9. Equatorial Guinea     10. Namibia       [source](http://www.visionofhumanity.org/gpi-data/#/2010/GINI)  And if you don't trust these figures, go look at [the Wikipedia page on countries listed by income inequality](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_income_equality). Note that the sources are all largely in agreement with each other.
This is what I used during my MBA.  My biggest complaint is that it is not a database for analytic (it pulls from a database).  I hear think or swim has the capability to extract data and offers a free version - anyone know if that is true?
"&gt; There aren't only two factors at play here.  Absolutely. There are many factors that go into success.  &gt; His genius has been rivaled very few times over the past 250+ years.  The thing about art is that older is better. For example, who has rivaled shakespeare? Or even better homer? It's unfair to blame modern people for not being columbus because you can't ""rediscover"" america.  The point is that there are just as equally talented people at every generation, but a lot of external factors must come into play for one to become bach, shakespeare, etc.  &gt;  Both Bach and such nameless composers put conscious effort into the placements of their notes, so luck is not a factor.   That's nonsense. Luck is always a factor. However, it's not the sole factor."
Online Jewellery Shop is the best online stores in Melbourne, Australia. We provide a huge range of top class, stylish and trendy Jewellery for men and women at reasonable cost. Our new collection is open! Visit today &amp; find fresh stock! Start Shopping!
From Chase FAQ it looks like this is a regular ACH transfer. ACH transactions can be reversed under certain conditions. I haven't been able to find some authoritative link on this, so I suggest this (thenest.com budgeting blog) instead: Allowed Reasons You can have ACH transactions reversed for one of three reasons under   the rules: wrong money amount, wrong account or duplicated   transactions. For example, if your mortgage bill is for $756.00, but   your lender's website messes up and you're charged $856.00, the   transaction is reversible it because it's the wrong dollar amount. If   the website charges you $756.00 twice, the second duplicated   transaction is reversible. Reversal Procedures You might have to bring a mistake to the originator's attention to get   it fixed. Only the originator -- the person or company taking or   sending money -- can ask for a reversal. For example, if you have a   transaction for a wrong dollar amount from your lender's website, the   originator is the lender. An originator is supposed to send the   reversal within 24 hours of the error's discovery and within five   banking days of the original transaction. When a reversal is required   because of a wrong amount or wrong account, the originator must send a   correcting entry with the right information. Bank's Responsibility A bank should honor an ACH reversal, even if it means debiting a   customer's account again because of a correcting transaction. However,   the bank doesn't have to debit your account if you closed it or the   new transaction would overdraw it. Your bank does have to tell you if   a correcting entry is going to take money out of your account, but the   bank doesn't need your permission to do it.
The statement in Wikipedia is generic. Whether a particular Bank would charge as per above example or not would be in the card holder's agreement.   So if you do not have any dues, and on 10th April you charge $1000, and on 13th April you charge $500. Statement date is 18th April. Grace Period to pay is say 10th May.   If you do not pay in full by 10th May, and say you only pay $500, Bank would charge interest from 19th April to 10th May for $1500, post 10th may they would charge interest for $1000 balance. Further all fresh purchases would be charged interest from day 1. Net Net Morale of the story is do not carry / revolve money on Credit Card. For all practial purposes use a credit card as a convenience card.
TSP.Ninja http://www.tsp.ninja has all the TSP funds with good visualizations that are very similar to Google Finance.
The question is whether the assessment is in line with surrounding homes. If my 1500 sq ft house on 1/4 acre is assessed far higher than a similar sized house/land nearby, I'd have a case. +/- 10% can be for age/quality, but 25% or more, I'd investigate. mhoran is right, values for different purposes need not align. A start would be to use a service like Zillow which offers property tax information, as well as house sizes. Let us know what you discover. Welcome to Money.SE
I know nothing about mining. Is it possible that technological improvements can lead to over supply? Or are you determined that even with this much craze, that it's production will be held relatively constant.  I'd also like to point out, that maybe only King Midas has ever enjoyed owning gold.
It was both.  CDOs also contributed.  Unfortunately, when the bankers kept packing up their loans they lost track of the risk as did the financial institutions offering instruments to deleverage that risk.  So when the subprime borrowers began to fail the institutions started getting hit with risk that they hadn't prepared for.  Flippers and home owners who used their homes as ATMs then saw their home values crash and it all fell apart.   We are seeing some of this again with owners getting more HELOCs but the real concern is with car loans, credit card and student loan debt.
Many Web sites and articles warn against buying former rental cars,   because people renting these cars often mistreat them. Rental cars are typically driven by people over 25, these are typically people with some financial means (air travel, credit card). Additionally, rental cars are subject to frequent inspection and likely to be on tighter maintenance schedules than many owners would keep. So while some people may drive a rental harder than they would their own car, it's not typical, and not likely to result in some hidden damage that makes a rental less desirable (all else being equal) on the used-car market. Does the fact that they sell the car mean during this time suggest that they know the car's cost of further maintenance or other costs will be higher? Or is there another reason they sell at this time which, has a calculated advantage to them, but which is less than idea statistically for me, the purchaser? Rental companies buy at incredible volumes, as such, some manufacturers have programs where they will buy back used cars from the rental company at a set price and/or time. Other incentives are guaranteed depreciation, wherein the manufacturer will make up the difference if the used vehicle doesn't sell for a set percentage of it's purchase price after a set amount of time. Outside of these incentive programs, rental companies also get substantial volume discounts, and they typically are buying base models which hold value better than their higher-trim counterparts (according to KBB market analyst). So the conventional wisdom about depreciation doesn't really apply. The timing of their sales is primarily based on their purchasing arrangements and their desire to keep an up to date fleet, not on projected maintenance/repair costs. The best you can do with any used-car purchase is to test-drive, get a pre-purchase inspection, and review whatever history is available.
I'm not quite sure what you're shooting for here... if you're trying to determine that people put more thought into a $1000 purchase than a $1.50 purchase it might be helpful.  I honestly can't tell you who the CEO of Coke (Dasani water) or Pepsi (Aquafina water) is. I can tell you that the CEO of HP has talked about getting out of the PC business and his actions in the purchase of and subsequent mismanagement of Palm would have an impact as to whether or not I'm confident in handing his company 1/2 a paycheck.
oh those darned hippy liberal economists! LOL great reporting fox! (/s)  i know this because i've read you're other articles, and those were [shitty] propaganda as well, so because of that, then this must be another attempt to brainwash in your quest to supply misinformation through another one of your asymmetric propaganda statistics. (am i doing it right?)   after fox read the first chapter of their macro 101 textbook, *Basics: Supply &amp; Demand* ; they've come to the conclusion, that with little to no regard to the labour market,  the primary indicator (and only) for the wage increase was due to deporting [illegal] immigrants.   im just curious what the financial standing will be of some of these companies and if they will be able to afford such a substantial increase in wages?  effects on R&amp;D?  how will productivity be affected when we see a shift from workers who are fighting for their family's lives, sending money back home, to less competition for workers with a falsified sense of job security?  what if the economy is just in a boom?   some questions i'll leave you with, would love to hear the other side and start a discussion on this topic!
I have a very similar situation doing side IT projects.  I set up an LLC for the business, created a separate bank account, and track things separately.  I then pay myself from the LLC bank account based on my hours for the consulting job.  (I keep a percentage in the LLC account to pay for expenses.)  I used to do my taxes myself, but when I created this arrangement, I started having an accountant do them.  An LLC will not affect your tax status, but it will protect you from liability and make things more accountable come tax time.
Wedding are the special occasion of anyone’s life. There is no other best way to dress for your wedding than a linen vest for a wedding. Stay calm &amp; cool on your wedding &amp; amaze your guest &amp; your partner with that, not to forgettable look with lots of colors to choose from for linen vest for a wedding.
I would respectfully disagree.  They have chosen to invest in commodities that provide no return (Gold, Rare Earth Metals) over derivatives that lose money.  I believe the following explains some of their logic.  http://www.businessweek.com/news/2012-10-05/jpmorgan-loss-proves-system-too-complex-china-s-gao-says  They take issue with the basis of the Western financial system, and while Gao claims he is speaking about his personal beliefs, his observations are quite accurate.  Most of the transactions in the financial system add very little value, while commissions and fees are taken from every transaction. This is one of the core issues that isn't talked about, but is a very real cause of trade disputes between the US and China.  (And arguably all of the BRICS nations)  A simple example of what I mean is when BoA slapped monthly debit fees on everyone's account.  Thanks, but what did that really do for their customers?  Another attempt to 'pick' the customers pocket.
The ownership of the house depends on what the original deed transferring title at the time of purchase says and how this ownership is listed in government records where the title transfer deed is registered. Hopefully the  two records are consistent.  In legal systems that descended from British common law (including the US), the two most common forms of ownership are tenancy in common meaning that, unless otherwise specified in the title deed, each of the owners has an equal share in the entire property, and can sell or bequeath his/her share without requiring the approval  of the others, and joint tenancy with right of survivorship meaning  that all owners have equal share, and if one owner  dies, the survivors form a new JTWROS. Spouses generally own property,  especially the home, in a special kind of JTWROS called tenancy by the entirety. On the other hand, the rule is that unless explicitly specified otherwise, tenancy in common with equal shares is how the owners hold the property. Other countries may have different default assumptions, and/or have multiple other forms of ownership (see e.g. here for the intricate rules applicable in India). Mortgages are a different issue. Most mortgages state that the mortgagees are jointly and severally liable for the mortgage  payments meaning that the mortgage holder does not care who makes the payment but only that the mortgage payment is made in full. If one owner refuses to pay his share, the others cannot send in their shares of the mortgage payment due and tell the bank to sue the recalcitrant co-owner for his share of the payment: everybody is liable (and can be sued) for the unpaid amount, and if the bank forecloses, everybody's share in the property is seized, not just the share owned by the recalcitrant person.  It is, of course, possible to for different co-owners to have separate mortgages for their individual shares, but the legalities (including questions such as whose lien is primary and whose secondary) are complicated. With regard to who paid what over the years of ownership, it does not matter as far as the ownership is concerned. If it is a tenancy in common with equal shares, the fact that the various owners paid the bills (mortgage payments, property taxes, repairs and maintenance) in unequal amounts does not  change the ownership of the property unless a new deed is recorded with the new percentages.  Now, the co-owners may decide among themselves as a matter of fairness that any money realized from a sale of the property should be divided up in accordance with the proportion that each contributed during the ownership, but that is a different issue. If I were a buyer of property titled as tenancy in common, I (or the bank who is lending me money to make the purchase) would issue separate checks to each co-seller in proportion to the percentages listed on the deed of ownership, and let them worry about whether they should transfer money among themselves to make it equitable. (Careful here! Gift taxes might  well be due if large sums of money change hands).
While I also like to strike back at the boomers who love to blame millennials, that's not actually what the article is saying. It's stating that the trend is moving away from their niche, and that's impacting their business, which is a completely valid and defensible hypothesis.
so i'm an older millenial living in a large metro. I'm in a situation where the trendy urban/downtown neighborhoods apts/condos are way to expensive for me because the demand is so high, but up until recently i can't afford a house in the outer, newer burbs either. so i'm left renting apartments in inner suburbs.
Obviously, the credit card's administators know who this charge was submitted by. Contact them, tell them that you don't recognize the charge, and ask them to tell you who it was from. If they can't or won't, tell them you suspect fraud and want it charged back, then wait to see who contacts you to complain that the payment was cancelled. Note that you should charge back  any charge you firmly believe is an error, if attempts to resolve it with the company aren't working. Also note that if you really ghink this is fraud, you should contact your bank and ask them to issue a new card number. Standard procedures exist. Use them when appropriate.
"I always find comments like this to be funny rather than offensive. Because people like this guy love to use America as the standard for white greatness, but they will completely ignore any third world country in Europe because then suddenly ""it's different."""
Risk. Volatility. Liquidity. Etc.  All exist on a spectrum, these are all comparative measures.  To the general question, is a mutual fund a good alternative to a savings account? No, but that doesn't mean it is a bad idea for your to allocate some of your assets in to one right now. Mutual funds, even low volatility stock/bond blended mutual funds with low fees still experience some volatility which is infinitely more volatility than a savings account.  The point of a savings account is knowing for certain that your money will be there.  Certainty lets you plan. Very simplistically, you want to set yourself up with a checking account, a savings account, then investments.  This is really about near term planning.  You need to buy lunch today, you need to pay your electricity bill today etc, that's checking account activity.  You want to sock away money for a vacation, you have an unexpected car repair, these are savings account activities.  This is your foundation.  How much of a foundation you need will scale with your income and spending.   Beyond your basic financial foundation you invest.  What you invest in will depend on your willingness to pay attention and learn, and your general risk tolerance. Sure, in this day and age, it is easy to get money back out of an investment account, but you don't want to get in the habit of taping investments for every little thing. Checking: No volatility, completely liquid, no risk Savings: No volatility, very liquid, no principal risk  Investments: (Pick your poison) The point is you carefully arrange your near term foundation so you can push up the risk and volatility in your investment endeavors.  Your savings account might be spread between a vanilla savings account and some CDs or a money market fund, but never stock (including ETF/Mutual Funds and blended Stock/Bond funds). Should you move your savings account to this mutual fund, no.  Should you maybe look at your finances and allocate some of your assets to this mutual fund, sure.  Just look at where you stand once a year and adjust your checking and savings to your existing spending.  Savings accounts aren't sexy and the yields are awful at the moment but that doesn't mean you go chasing yield.  The idea is you want to insulate your investing from your day to day life so you can make unemotional deliberate investment decisions.
A friend recently bought an 800€ TV on 0% financing. Sounded like a sensible thing to do. Why pay 800 when you can pay 80pm for 10 months? It took 30mins to set up the 'loan'. She had to sign all kinds of documents, giving away much personal information (age, employment info, income, email address etc). She now has a financial relationship with an institution which has nothing to do with the item purchased. She is bombarded with all kinds of financial offerings. She regrets taking out the finance. She had the money. The hassle and the unwanted links to banks make the deal unattractive. Perhaps she should have tried to make a cash deal...
There is no reason he needs to know the full project's budget. Clearly define the problem you need him to solve and ask him to quote you a price. If it's more than a weeks work I suggest reviewing in stages. It's very common for inexperienced developers to find themselves out of their depth and burn time. This is important if he's charging you by the hour and not a fixed price.  Also, make sure you have very clear specifications and expectations from your client so you avoid scope-creep. Changes made by your client can lead to more costs with your backend developer. Ideally you should have provisions with your client contract that you can increase the fee when changes are requested. This usually happens when a project isn't spec'd in enough detail.  Good luck with your project.
If you're willing to entertain the fact that a lack of any action by the fed would have killed market confidence and caused equities to tank, gold could have been a suitable asset in a flight to quality.  Of course as others have said the drop would just be the uncertainty about QE3 being removed from the price
I wouldn't worry about a manager until you have multiple employees in that area... If you hire good people (that part is hard) you should be fine with a daily call or sometype of online scheduling where you can see status of your employees, their schedules etc...
"This question has been absolutely perplexing to me.  It has spawned a few heated debates amongst fellow colleagues and friends. My laymen understanding has provided me with what I believe to be a simple answer to the originator's question.  I'm trying to use common sense here; so be gentle. FICO scores, while very complex and mysterious, are speculatively calculated from data derived from things like length of credit history, utilization, types of credit, payment history, etc. Only a select few know the actual algorithms (closely guarded secrets?).  Are these really secrets? I don't know but it's the word on the street so I'm going with it! Creditors report data to these agencies on certain dates- weekly, monthly or annually.  These dates may be ascertained by simply calling the respective creditor and asking.  Making sure that revolving credit accounts are paid in full during the creditors ""data dump"" may or may not have a positive impact on ones FICO score. A zero balance reported every time on a certain account may appear to be inactive depending on how the algorithm has been written and vice versa; utilization and payment history may outweigh the negativity that a constantly zero balance could imply. Oh Lord, did that last sentence just come out of my head? I reread it four times just make sure it makes sense. My personal experience with revolving credit and FICO I was professionally advised to: Without any other life changing credit instances- just using the credit card in this fashion- my FICO score increased by 44 points.  I did end up paying a little in interest but it was well worth it. Top tier feels great! In conclusion I would say that the answer to this question is not cut and dry as so many would imply. HMMMMM"
One problem with that idea: companies don’t set out to cure a particular disease. They try various ideas to see what does what and sometimes hit on something. That sort of aimless wandering often helps in other areas and isn’t reproduced in the x-prize scenario.
Good job.  Assuming that you are also contributing to retirement, you are bound to be a wealthy person.  I'm not really sure how Australia works as far as retirement, but I am pretty sure you are taking care of that too.    Given your time frame (more than 5 years) I would consider investing at least a portion of the money.  If I was you, I would tend to make that amount significant, say 75% in mutual funds, 25% in your high interest savings.  The ratio you choose is up to you, but I would be heavier in the investment than savings side.  As the time for home purchase approaches, you may want more in savings and less in investments. You may want  to look at a mutual fund with a low beta.  Beta is a measure of the price volatility.  I did a google search on low beta funds, and came up with a number of good articles that explains this further.  Having a fund with a low beta insulates you, a bit, from radical swings in the market allowing you to count more on the money being there when needed. One way to get to the proper ratio, is to contribute all new money to the mutual fund until it is in proper balance.  This way you don't lower your interest rate for a month. Given your time frame, salary, and sense of responsibility you may be able to do the 100% down plan.  Again, good work!
"Boomers have also inordinately ""bid up"" the prices of a lot of things -- everything from stocks to housing -- simply because they as a ""bulge"" were all attempting to (in the aggregate) buy basically the same things at essentially the same time.  Basically a LOT of demand chasing (and driving) a supply. This often made the previously acquired assets (i.e. the ""early boomer"" contingent who got there &amp; bought in first) appear to increase quickly in price.  The opposite effect will happen as they retire/die off -- either they (or their heirs) will choose (or need) to sell off their various accumulated assets.  Then suddenly the supply will begin to ""bulge"" instead (selling off portfolios of stocks -- even *required* as pensions need to be paid, or as Boomers reach +70-1/2 and are mandated by law to begin selling off &amp; cashing in specific %'s of their 401K and IRA holdings) -- and likewise with housing, aging Boomers will downsize, selling off the ""McMansions"" (which they never really needed, and which in retirement will be burdensome to maintain) and trying to move into (or selling off) the several second &amp; third ""vacation homes"".  End result will be a big ""dump"" of supply of housing onto the market -- a supply that GenX does not have the demographic numbers to ""consume"" (and which it does not appear the frugal-minded GenX even WANT to buy at anything like the same rates the Boomers did, even if they were capable of paying the price, which it also appears they cannot, having been ""hindered"" in career &amp; salary gains by the bulge of Boomers in positions above/before them); and then GenY -- the ""Echo Boomers"" which while larger than X are NOT the equivalent of the original Boomers, and who are carrying an unprecedently huge (house-sized) debt load (but minus the house -- and in many cases as debt which cannot be erased as it is in student-loan form) from the beginning of their careers (in which they are being paid significantly LESS than previous generations) -- and who are delaying (and then limiting) the formation of ""households"" as a result.  *And that is just how ""demographic bulges"" play out -- it was all entirely predictable (and was in fact predicted by many).*"
A rule of thumb I like to follow when purchasing things from CL listed well below value is this.. Assess the level of affluence of the seller. People living in poor neighborhoods are much more likely to try and hide things that would deter buyers as they are more likely to need the money. I find that when I go to a big house with 4 cars in the driveway the seller is more likely to be honest because she likely doesn't need the money from the sale.  Edit: I seem to have angered the PC police with this answer. This is based on facts and statistics, not my opinion. I have no bias against poor people.
"Calling this ""strange"" is an understatement. I'd call it illegal. You can't pay healthcare premiums with HSA funds while you are employed (unless you are on COBRA), and if you over contribute you pay a 6% tax on the overage unless you correct it. Furthermore, overage contributed by an employer must be treated as taxable wages, so they'd be better off just calling it a bonus and writing you a normal check. At least that way you wouldn't have to pay the 6% penalty on top of taxable wages."
In today’s world, mobile apps have taken center-stage in our lives in many ways - shopping, ordering food, looking for services, checking out reviews, testing new products, booking tickets for events, using social media, reading news. Read full story.
There are advantages in bringing in an expert on branding – particularly when that person is a good listener, has a creative mind and, when they speak, has something useful to say. Consultants who meet all three of these criteria are rare indeed. Ones that don’t are never worth their fees.
Bond MF/ETF comes in many flavour, one way to look at them is corporate, govt. (gilt/sovreign), money market (short term, overnight lending etc.), govt. backed bonds. The ETF/MFs that invest money in these are also different types. One way to evaluate an ETF/MF is to see where they invest your money. Corporate debts are by the highest coupon paying bonds, however, the chance of default is also greater, if you wish to invest in these, it is preferable to look at the ETF/MF's debt portfolio financial ratings (Moodies etc.). Govt. bonds are more stable and unless the govt. defaults (which happens more often than we would like to think), here also look for higher rating bonds portfolio that the fund/scheme carries. The govt. backed bonds are somewhat similar to sovreign bonds, however, these are issuesd by institutions which are backed by govt. (e.g. national railways, municipal bodies etc.), any fund/scheme that invests in these bonds could also be considered and similarly measured. The last are the short term money market related, which provides the least return but are very liquid. It is very difficult to answer how you should invest large sum on ETF/MFs that are bond oriented. However, from any investment perspective, it is better to spread your money. If I take your hypthetical case of 1M$, I would divide it into 100K$ pieces and invest in 10 different ETF/MF schemes of different flavour: Hope this helps.
I would agree more with the second one. I've been on Slickdeals about 5 years and it's like the 'extreme couponing' of the internet. A policy that many members hold to is never call the company if the deal seems too good to be true, because it's possibly a mistake that they could change.
To your first question: YES. Capital gains and losses on real-estate are treated differently than income. Note here for exact IRS standards.  The IRS will not care about percentage change but historical (recorded) amounts.   To your second question: NO  Are you taxed when buying a new stock? No. But be sure to record the price paid for the house. Note here for more questions. *Always consult a CPA for tax advice on federal tax returns.
In some senses, any answer to this question is going to be opinion based - nobody outside of HFT firms really know what they do, as they tend to be highly secretive due to the competitive nature of the activity they're engaged in. What's more, people working at HFT firms are bound by confidentiality agreements, so even those in the industry have no idea how other firms operate. And finally, there tend to be very, very few people at each firm who have any kind of overall picture of how things work. The hardware and software that is used to implement HFT is 'modular', and a developer will work on a single component, having no idea how it fits into a bigger machine (a programmer, for instance, might right routines to perform a function for variable 'k', but have absolutely no idea for what 'k' stands!) Keeping this in mind and returning to the question . . . The one thing that is well known about HFT is that it is done at incredibly high speeds, making very small profits many thousands of times per day. Activities are typically associated with market making and 'scalping' which profits from or within the bid-ask spread. Where does all this leave us? At worst, the average investor might get clipped for a few cents per round trip in a stock. Given that investing buy its very nature involves long holding periods and (hopefully) large gains, the dangers associated with the activities of HFT are negligible for the average trader, and can be considered no more than a slight markup in execution costs. A whole other area not really touched upon in the answers above is the endemic instability that HFT can bring to entire financial markets. HFT is associated with the provision of liquidity, and yet this liquidity can vanish very suddenly at times of market stress as the HFT remove themselves from the market; the possibility of lack of liquidity is probably the biggest market-wide danger that may arise from HFT operations.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.cityfalcon.com/blog/investments/student-loan-debt-new-mortgage-crisis/?utm_campaign=ao_reddit) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Costs of living, especially for those attending universities in cities like New York or London, also account for a nontrivial portion of the debt.  &gt; Is the student debt bubble in the United States the next mortgage crisis?  &gt; One major difference between the student debt problem and the mortgage crisis is the lack of CDOs and CDSs. The thread that connected banks, governments, individuals and economies were the CDO and CDS. With a complex system of mortgage securitization and insurance against those securities, the system effectively collapsed itself.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/79mt1s/student_loan_debt_the_new_mortgage_crisis_in_2018/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~237528 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **debt**^#1 **student**^#2 **education**^#3 **economy**^#4 **borrowed**^#5"
When you send money with Western Union, it is essentially a cash transaction.  You supply Western Union with the name of the recipient and a location.  Your recipient then shows up at a Western Union office, shows some identification, and receives cash.  At this point, the transaction is over.  It is impossible to retract it at this point, because Western Union has already handed out cash, and they have no way of contacting the recipient any longer. This is the reason why you might want to legitimately use Western Union.  It is an instant way to send cash to anyone anywhere in the world.  Let's say that your best friend is stuck in a foreign land and desperately needs money.  You can give him cash just as fast as each of you can get to a Western Union office, and you don't even need a local bank account to do so. Unfortunately, however, the nature of the service also makes it useful for scammers.  You should never use this service to pay for something from someone you don't know, because there are absolutely no safeguards. As mentioned by user662852 in the comments, you can indeed cancel a Western Union money transfer if you do so before the money is picked up by the recipient.  But after they pick it up, the cash is gone.
So this is only a useful strategy if you already own the stock and want protection. The ITM put has a delta closer to 1 than an OTM put. But all LEAPS have massive amounts of theta. Since the delta is closer to 1 it will mimic the price movements of the underlying which has a delta of 1. And then you can sell front month calls on that over time. Note, this strategy will tie up a large amount of capital.
i have experience in retail, but not warehousing.  but a close friend of mine drives some forklift-ish thing at a home depot warehouse.  warehouse workers make a good bit more than retail workers.  he makes around 15/hr, whereas the people running around the floor of retailer would be happy for 10
I am not going to discuss legality, because with family members you are able to give a lot of guidance and assistance without running into legal issues.  The biggest problem is that when they transfer the funds to you and you invest the money, all the tax rates and tax limits are determined by your situation; plus you have more investments than you should have so you hit those limits and brackets quicker. For example: In the United states a person can put $5,500 or $6,500 into a IRA or Roth IRA each year. If you combine the funds for three with your funds then you are giving up three quarters of the amount that you can invest in that type of account. The decision regarding Roth or not depends on age and income level. But now their decision is related to what is best based on your situation. The ability to even deduct IRA deposits would be based on your situation. Of course for taxable accounts the tax rate is determined by your income, not theirs. If they want you to have the ability to make investment decisions for them, then power of attorney is the way to go. The money is deposited in their name, and all the rules and tax rates are determined by their situation. You make sure they have all the information they need to login and review the accounts, but you make the all the moves within and between accounts.
I guess other than tradition and inflation, probably because the merchants want them.   In the US, what currently costs $2.00 used to cost $0.10.   So 75 years ago, those individual cents made a pretty bid difference.  Inflation causes prices to go up, but doesn't get us to just change our currencies patterns. In your example, you are assuming that in an average day, the rounding errors you are willing to accept happen a couple of times.  2 or 3 cents here and there mean nothing to you.  However to the merchant, doing hundreds or thousands of transactions per day, those few cents up and down mean quite a bit in terms of profit. To an individual, looking at a time frame more than a single day (because who only participates in economies for a single day) there are potentially millions of transactions in a lifetime, mean potentially giving away millions of dollars because they didn't want to wait. And as for the comment that people working each 3 cents every 10 seconds, I would assume at least some of the time when they are waiting for rounding errors, they are not at work getting paid.  That concept is assuming that somebody is always willing to pay them for their time regardless of where that person is in the world; I have no facts and wild assumptions, but surely that can't be true for even a majority of workers. Finally, you should be happy if you happy to have an income high enough that you don't care about individual cents.  But there are those business people who see opportunity in folks like you and profit greatly from it.  I personally worry very much about who has my money; gov't gets paid to the penny and I expect returns to the penny.  A super polite service employee who smiled a lot serving me a beer is getting all the rounding errors I have.
Nowadays, there are many companies online that are coming up with various robotic sets for kids of different age groups and mentality. There are kits that have the manual and the instructions to assemble the parts and make a robot. Various kits possess a variety of robots like easy to assemble robots are for the beginners.
Do you have any ties to your old address? In particular are you the LANDLORD? This could have been a precursor application to test identity evidence and setup a mortgage. The perps may even have legally changed their name to yours and even be living in, or close to the house if it is a share house to intercept this kind of mail.  Otherwise someone's database may have been breached, so it is important you try to work out where this information used in the application came from. If they are an illegal you may be racking up Council Tax somewhere or end up paying income tax on their earnings. In any case your character has probably now been damaged. So do follow it up right smartly.
[Image](https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/survivorship_bias.png)  [Mobile](https://m.xkcd.com/1827/)  **Title:** Survivorship Bias  **Title-text:** They say you can't argue with results, but what kind of defeatest attitude is that? If you stick with it, you can argue with ANYTHING\.  [Comic Explanation](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php/1827#Explanation)  **Stats:** This comic has been referenced 120 times, representing 0.0741% of referenced xkcds.  --- ^[xkcd.com](https://www.xkcd.com) ^| ^[xkcd sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd/) ^| ^[Problems/Bugs?](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd_transcriber/) ^| ^[Statistics](http://xkcdref.info/statistics/) ^| ^[Stop Replying](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=ignore%20me&amp;message=ignore%20me) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=delete&amp;message=delete%20t1_djp1she)
Softwood timber on the other hand, is made from treated pine. This too is quite good and can be selected if your budget does not stretch enough to opt for hardwood timber decking. Note however, softwood decking will over time, lose shape.
The counsel of a friend doesn't come with a legal or professional liability. The key to doing this sort of thing successfully is to respect boundaries. You are providing advice and discussion, not taking over your friend's life.
"Imagine two restaurants. One has prices 15% higher than the other, and the owner pays this 15% to his wait staff in the form of higher wages. The other has lower prices, but the average customer gifts 15% to their waiter. Clearly, in the first restaurant, the 15% the wait staff receives is taxable income. It is traditional salary. What legitimate, economic justification is their for treating the second restaurant any differently? Imagine a grocery store in a small town that offered long-time customers a ""pay nothing"" option but made it clear that they'd be subject to social ostracism and no longer welcome in the store if they didn't gift 85% of the usual cost of the items. The customers would save on sales tax and the grocer would argue that all that money was gifts, not income. Of course this doesn't work. The IRS, and the laws, don't care very much about what you call things. They care about the underlying economic reality. If the money was part of the payment for the services rendered, regardless of how it was delivered, what the parties called it, or whether the obligation to pay was legal or social, it's still a payment for the service and it's still taxable. You would have to be able to argue to the IRS that it really was a gift and wasn't any form of payment for the service received. Otherwise, it's just a scheme to evade taxes."
"Keep a notebook. (or spreadsheet, etc. whatever works) Start to track what things cost as few can really commit this all to memory.  You'll start to find the regular sale prices and the timing of them at your supermarkets. I can't even tell you the regular price of chicken breasts, I just know the sale is $1.79-1.99/lb, and I buy enough to freeze to never pay full price.  The non-perishables are easy as you don't have to worry about spoilage. Soap you catch on sale+coupon for less than half price is worth buying to the limit, and putting in a closet.  Ex Dove soap (as the husband, I'm not about to make an issue of a brand preference. This product is good for the mrs skin in winter) - reg price $1.49. CVS had a whacky deal that offered a rebate on Dove purchase of $20, and in the end, I paid $10 for 40 bars of soap. 2 yrs worth, but 1/6 the price.  This type of strategy can raise your spending in the first month or two, but then you find you have the high runners ""in stock"" and as you use products from the pantry or freezer, your spending drops quite a bit. If this concept seems overwhelming, start with the top X items you buy. As stated, the one a year purchases save you far less than the things you buy weekly/monthly."
Yes, it is possible, and many companies do it for legitimate reasons.  For example renewing subscriptions or one-click ordering. The only way to completely stop it would be to cancel the card.  More realistically, check your bill whenever it arrives, and report any unauthorized transactions to the card issuer.
"How much do you know about execution trading?  If I were to come up with some simple guidelines, I'd plug your Bloomberg feed (I'm assuming you have one) in order to pull up the average daily volume of the securities in question.  From there, you can measure the ""days to liquidate"" figure, which you can then take to create your own distribution regarding what looks ""difficult"" to liquidate vs. what won't be a problem at all."
Here's the real reason OKPay (actually the banks they interface with) won't accept US Citizens.   The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Congress passed the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) in 2010 without much fanfare. One reason the act was so quiet was its four-year long ramp up; FATCA did not really take effect until 2014. Never before had a single national government attempted, and so far succeeded in, forcing compliance standards on banks across the world. FATCA requires any non-U.S. bank to report accounts held by American citizens worth over $50,000 or else be subject to 30% withholding penalties and possible exclusion from U.S. markets. By mid-2015, more than 100,000 foreign entities had agreed to share financial information with the IRS. Even Russia and China agreed to FATCA. The only major global economy to fight the Feds is Canada; however it was private citizens, not the Canadian government, who filed suit to block FATCA under the International Governmental Agreement clause making it illegal to turn over private bank account information. Read more: The Tax Implications of Opening a Foreign Bank Account | Investopedia http://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/102915/tax-implications-opening-foreign-bank-account.asp#ixzz4TzEck9Yo  Follow us: Investopedia on Facebook
Oh!  You’re getting closer!  You’re at least seeing that I don’t treat it as a purely Economic concept!  But it isn’t a lense of my feelings I’m using either.  Can you make the leap?  You would pay “everything you could” to save your life.  There is no economic placeholder for that.  New scenario:  Your mom is dying of cancer.  At what price would you stop paying if there was a 60% chance of complete cure?
On international stock exchanges, they trade Puts and Calls, typically also for currencies. If for example 1 NOK is worth 1 $ now, and you buy Calls for 10000 NOK at 1.05 $ each, and in a year the NOK is worth 1.20 $ (which is what you predict), you can execute the Call, meaning 'buying' the 10000 NOK for the contracted 1.05 $ and selling them for the market price of 1.20 $, netting you 12000 - 10500 = 1500 $. Converting those back to NOK would give you 1250 NOK. Considering that those Calls might cost you maybe 300 NOK, you made 950 NOK. Note that if your prediction is common knowledge, Calls will be appropriately priced (=expensive), and there is little to make on them. And note also that if you were wrong, your Calls are worth less than toilet paper, so you lost the complete 300 NOK you paid for them. [all numbers are completely made up, for illustration purposes] You can make the whole thing easier if you define the raise of the NOK against a specific currency, for example $ or EUR. If you can, you can instead buy Puts for that currency, and you save yourself converting the money twice.
No.  1)  Everyone should cultivate the ability to see the ridiculous in themselves and in their situation.  2)  When you properly verify information, the original source no longer matters  3)  There is no Media I feel I can trust right now, so I might as well indulge in Media I enjoy.  I just need to verify information before I act on it.
Excellent explanation. Upvote to you sir. I would like to add something:  How do we know how many bushels of apples is worth a chunk of deer meat?   You did not touch on the concept of value.  The way I see it, value is related to the human energy required to procure a specific good.   For example: it takes a man all day to find a nugget of gold, while it take another man all day to pick 20 bushels of apples. Because gold is scarce, it is worth a lot of apples: it has a high value.   At it's core, value is assigned based on the amount of human labor required to acquire a good or service.   For example: Many years ago there may have been an equal number of bears and skunks. However, it would take many brave hunters with bows and arrows to kill a bear, while any hunter could kill a skunk solo. Thus, even though they had the same scarcity, a bear hide would be more valuable because the human labor required was greater.   Many economics classes simply say value depends on supply and demand. However, if something is in low supply and high demand, it is BECAUSE it takes so much human effort to procure. If it did not take large amounts of human labor, everyone would sell said item and the value would drop.   What is your take on this? do you have a better explanation for value?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.epi.org/publication/corporations-pay-between-13-and-19-percent-in-federal-taxes-far-less-than-the-35-percent-statutory-tax-rate/) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Despite some recent claims to the contrary, a recent CBO report doesn&amp;#039;t overturn, but rather bolsters the research showing that corporations pay less than a 35 percent tax rate.  &gt; Comparison of statutory U.S. corporate tax rate and three estimates of what corporations actually pay on average.  &gt; Multiple studies with distinct methodologies have found effective federal corporate tax rates that range between 13 and 19 percent- far smaller than the rate corporations are supposed to pay.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6sx0c3/corporations_pay_between_13_and_19_percent_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~188170 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Tax**^#1 **corporations**^#2 **loophole**^#3 **rate**^#4 **deferral**^#5"
I super appreciate too giving me so much time. I'm in England so, no GameStop here - we have game.net and they're like a monopoly at the moment. My marketing strategy will be VERY innovative and I'll be using American e-commerce style affiliate system to have organic growth. (America is always a step ahead from the world and what ever gets big there, gets big everywhere sooner or later)
&gt;we have a right to know exactly what is going on in it.  We do?  The only thing I can think of that could give us a right to look their balance sheets would be the Freedom of Information Act, but even that doesn't cover everything.  Lots of government information is kept secret for good reasons. &gt;It's not the CIA where knowledge of its inner-workings could be a threat to safety  But it is, it's a threat to economic safety.  Bank runs create financial crises which ruin the economy, and revealing loan information of unhealthy banks exacerbates the bank run.
Just checked. You’re absolutely right.  Republicans have no idea how math and common sense works.    We’ll raise taxes again when we are on the edge of solvency, just like most Americans won’t save money until they’re almost bankrupt.
The reason it's broken out is very specific: this is showing you how much interest accrued during the month.  It is the only place that's shown, typically. Each month's (minimum) payment is the sum of [the interest accrued during that month] and [some principal], say M=I+P, and B is your total loan balance.  That I is fixed at the amount of interest that accrued that month - you always must pay off the accrued interest.  It changes each month as some of the principal is reduced; if you have a 3% daily interest rate, you owe (0.03*B*31) approximately (plus a bit as the interest on the interest accrues) each month (or *30 or *28).  Since B is going down constantly as principal is paid off, I is also going down. The P is most commonly calculated based on an amortization table, such that you have a fixed payment amount each month and pay the loan off after a certain period of time.  That's why P changes each month - because it's easier for people to have a constant monthly payment M, than to have a fixed P and variable I for a variable M. As such, it's important to show you the I amount, both so you can verify that the loan is being correctly charged/paid, and for your tax purposes.
If you are referring to salaried employees, the overall salary generally is higher if overtime is required on a regular basis.  All hourly paid employees in most jurisdictions under normal rules are entitled to over-time pay if the work more than 40 hrs, even highly skilled positions.
As the value of a currency declines, commodities, priced in that currency, will rise. The two best commodities to see a change in would be oil and gold.
well which is why healthy markets have regulations because it turns out that the free market dream that people only spend in their own self interest belies that fact that our own self interests are often not so damn short term.  It isnt a failure of community, it is a failure of government.   It is naivety to think even good people would change the world through their shopping habits. Look at all the companies using slave labor and people decry it all the time and still shop there. Look at how damn dirty oil is(not just  environmentally).. and yet we still put it in our car every day. Because people think short term, they think of themselves and not society, and well all of us have trouble with externalities, costs like war protecting the oil fields isnt paid for at the pump.
"1) Get some gold. 2) Walk around, yelling, ""Hey, I have some gold, who wants to buy it?"" 3) Once you have enough interested parties, hold an auction and see who will give you the most dollars for it. 4) Trade the gold for that many dollars. 5) You have just measured the value of your gold."
These are designed to be peripherals around your home to help you with little things like play music, set timer/alarms, give you morning briefings, turn on tv &amp; switch to a specific channel, turn off lights, etc. These are some of the things I use them for everyday and over time they add up. I find them super convenient.   You are right that the mic is on all the time but it's on to be able to listen to the wake word so that it can respond to your requests. When it is not hearing the wake word, it does not send anything back to the server. In the case of Amazon Echo, when the blue ring comes on it is when Alexa sends your voice back to the server for processing.
"There are several causes of inflation. One is called cost push — that is, if the price of e.g. oil goes up sharply (as it did in the 1970s), it creates inflation by making everything cost more. Another is called demand pull: if labor unions bargain for higher wages (as they did in the 1960s), their wage costs push up prices, especially after they start buying. The kind of inflation that the banks cause is monetary inflation. That is, for every dollar of deposits, they can make $5 or $10 of loans. So even though they don't ""print"" money (the Fed does) it's as if they did. The result could be the kind of inflation called ""too much money chasing too few goods."""
Are there any other losses that can be expected beyond the above? The lender may have to invest some money into the house in order to get it in shape to sell. Also, while the lender possesses the house they are liable to the property taxes and possibly utilities. are there any statutes or pressures to motivate the financial institution to get fair price when the property is sold? The lender is motivated to at least break even when selling the property in order to limit losses on their investment. This means they are very motivated to seek a higher price, but they're also motivated to sell the property quickly in order to limit their losses due to property taxes. Usually the lender takes a loss of the investment if foreclosure occurs; only 10 percent to 20 percent  of auctioned foreclosed houses did yield a surplus. When the lender sells the foreclosed property using a realtor, they're motivated to sell it as quickly as possible so long as they break even. In this case there is little motivation to sell the property for a surplus. If the property is being sold via auction, then time is not a factor and the lender will just sell to the highest bidder.
I have found a good explanation here: http://www.contracts-for-difference.com/Financing-charge.html Financing is calculated by taking the overall position size, and multiplying it by (LIBOR + say 2%) and then dividing by 365 x the amount of days the position is open. For instance, the interest rate applicable for overnight long positions may be 6% or 0.06. To calculate how much it would cost you to hold a long position for X number of days you would need to make this 'pro rata' meaning that you would need to divide the 0.06 by 365 and multiply it by X days and then multiply this by the trade size. So for example, for a trade size of $20,000, held for 30 days, the interest cost would be about $98.6. It is important to note that due to financing, long positions held for extended periods can reduce returns.
Yes! You totally get it! I find the previous comment from the other to be the shinny example of what is wrong with the perception of working with an IT professional. Yes there are issues within this industry, but there are in every industry. Yet, the level of rudeness my employees receive from clients because they perceive us as an intrusion in their day is very draining. We're trying to help, tapping your shoes and sighing every 2 minutes that we're not done yet doesn't make the work go faster. One of my employees was screamed at by a manager of a client because their network was down. New to us client and their previous internal person basically used duct tape to assemble their network. We walked into a literal dumpster fire. What the manager didn't realize is that his managers weren't agreeing to what we proposed and there were over 200 emails back and forth between the talking heads before they would finally agree to the work that needed to be done. It was ridiculous.  Overall though I am glad I posted this quandary. It gave me some ideas that hopefully will be really good.
I called Bank of America today about the same problem on my account. The service representative said that part of money is available to me and I can use the money.
I’ve been in the mortgage business for nearly 15 years.  Your question is sort of multi-faceted and I’m surprised by some of these answers I’ve read! Anyway, I digress.   Yes, you can be denied even if you have money for a down payment.  One of the BIGGEST factors lenders are now required to take into account when approving mortgages now is a person’s “Ability to Repay.”   Whether your traditional mortgages like Conventional, FHA, USDA, or VA loans, or even an “in-house” mortgage from a local bank —either way, the lender MUST be able to verify someone’s ability to repay.   Your issue is that you won’t have any verifiable income until May.  A couple people have answered correctly in that 1) if you have a firm offer letter that can be verified with the employer, and 2) you can use your education/college to substitute for a two year work history as long as you’re graduating with and working in the same line of work. Some programs require proof of 30 days of pay history once you actually start earning paychecks; some programs will use the offer letter as long as you will start earning paychecks within a certain number of days after the note date (basically when the payments start). Also I’m making the assumption that there is some sort of credit history that can be verified.  Most lenders want at least a couple of accounts reporting a history just to show good use of credit and showing that you can manage your finances over a longer period of time. Just about every lender has some sort of minimum FICO score requirement.  I hope this helps. If you have questions, just reply in a comment.
She seems to be paying an inordinate amount of money for car payments. $850/month is just too high. She may be able to get by on public transit, depending on where she lives, but if not, she needs to look at selling her car and picking up a cheap second-hand vehicle. Public transit would probably save her $750/month. Going to a cheaper car should still save her $300 - $400/month. Next, phone and cable. These are certainly nice, but they are rarely necessities. I do not have cable t.v., for example. I do have a cell phone, and I do have Internet (a requirement of my job), but no cable t.v. She may be able to save some money there. My guess is that she could save $125/month here, though I may be biased on how much it costs to heat a Canadian home in our cold, cold winters. And, of course, the college payment. $900 - $1000 a month? I understand that she is paying this so that your sister can attend college. That's very nice, but it certainly sounds like your mother cannot afford that. On the other hand, if this is repayment of college expenses already incurred, there may be no choice here. Rent, at $1625/month. I have no idea what that gets you in NJ, but perhaps she could rent out a room. It's not inconceivable that she could bring in $1000/month from doing so, though obviously that's going to very much depend on the real estate/rental market where you live. Alternatively, she could move out and move in with someone else and that should certainly get her share of the rent down to $800 - $1000/month or thereabouts, and most likely cut her utility bills, also. I've identified a number of places where she can save money. No doubt, the budget is tight, but I think she's spending on far more than just bare essentials. One thing that concerns me here is that she appears to have no emergency funds and very little for entertainment, other than cable t.v. If at all possible, she needs to cut her budget down so that she is not living paycheque to paycheque and has money to cover, for example, emergency car repairs. And I'd really like to see her have more than $50/month for expenses (which I'm guessing is entertainment). It may not be possible, of course, but I would most definitely say she should not be paying for your sister's college if this places her in such dire financial risk. Easier said than done, of course. Most certainly, I would not even consider cutting the health insurance, by the way. Another approach would be to look at how her expenses will go down when your sister is done school and perhaps cleared up other expenses. It may be worth borrowing from family and friends, knowing that in a year, her expenses will go down $500/month. That makes her budget manageable. Additionally, the debt repayment presumably will finish at some point. The point I'm trying to make is that, in a year, her budget will be just about manageable, and she may be able to get there with smaller trims in the immediate future.
"Amazon has some major issues with growing out in Seattle, primarily infrastructure and geography. Seattle's infrastructure is stretched, leading to some hilarious activity - ""http://kuow.org/post/seattle-traffic-got-so-bad-guy-started-flying-work"". Also, Seattle is locked between the sea and the mountains, and with a limited supply of land, there isn't anywhere to build economically. NO ROOM TO GROW.  Ontario has a few good things going for it: Healthcare, Immigration, Low corporate taxes, Education...   But there are also some elephants.   Ontario has some of the highest land costs in the world, longest commute times on the planet, and a government which will inevitably need to raise taxes.  If I had to bet, we'll probably see Amazon set up shop in a City with low land costs, ring roads, and a low debt government. A place with room to grow.   Raleigh/Durham Dallas-Fort Worth Denver Minneapolis Salt Lake City Cincinnati"
"The fact that your shares are of a Canadian-listed corporation (as indicated in your comment reply) and that you are located in the United States (as indicated in your bio) is highly relevant to answering the question. The restriction for needing to be a ""qualified institutional buyer"" (QIB) arises from the parent company not having registered the spin-off company rights [options] or shares (yet?) for sale in the United States. Shares sold in the U.S. must either be registered with the SEC or qualify for some exemption. See SEC Fast Answers - Securities Act Rule 144. Quoting: Selling restricted or control securities in the marketplace can be a   complicated process. This is because the sales are so close to the   interests of the issuing company that the law might require them to be   registered. Under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, all offers   and sales of securities must be registered with the SEC or qualify for   some exemption from the registration requirements. [...] There are regulations to follow and costs involved in such registration. Perhaps the rights [options] themselves won't ever be registered (as they have a very limited lifetime), while the listed shares might be? You could contact investor relations at the parent company for more detail. (If I guessed the company correctly, there's detail in this press release. Search the text for ""United States"".)"
&gt; I shorted it the moment it opened for trading at $42 dollars a share.  Now this is a shady part of the capital markets and the preferred treatment some investors get. Technically, you shouldn't be able to short stocks until 3 days after it starts trading because the trades don't settle for three days and only then should you be able to borrow the stock. But, big brokers and banks can cover managers they have good relations with and let them borrow the shares to short it.
They are mutually exclusive.  Provided you meet the income limits you can contribute to both.  Employer match do not count toward the 18K.   On the other hand traditional IRA and Roth IRA are inclusive.  So if single and making having a MAGI under 118K, you could do the 18K of your own money into a 401(k), and $5,500 into a Roth. You can put in $23,500 of your own money with the employer match on top of that.
This article gives the very good advice to simply contact one of the schools in question and ask how to apply for financial aid as an international applicant.  Most Ivy League schools admit so many international students that they will have answers to any financial question you can imagine.  They may even already explain the financial aid process online.
I worked at Autozone many years. Many crappy parts had lifetime warranties and helped us grow. Sometimes one year warranty parts from NAPA were better. THE WARRANTY WAS A MARKETING SCHEME.   Hyundai can not possibly feature the reliability of Toyota who has been continually improving since WWII.  I drove the first Hyundai, the Excel in 1986. They have improved a lot. The look is great, The warranty is great. The marketing is 24/7/365.Impressive.
I don't think asking a business to pay living wages is as cold as a business paying unlivable wages for work that keeps their business afloat. A business that is only profitable because they pay shit really shouldn't exist in the US.   Look I'm not about destroying jobs- but I am about someone who works 40 hour weeks making enough money to reasonably cover their expenses without government assistance. That simply isn't the case with the min wage where it is now.   It is insane to put the people who are creating businesses that can't exist without unfair wages above the interests of people who don't have the advantages necessary (for whatever reason) to land a non-min wage job.   Maybe with the change to higher wages the gov *would* be forcing barely profitable businesses to become unprofitable, but if you are willing to say that then it would be fair to say that the current min wage is mandating everyone who works a minimum wage (full time!) job into literal poverty.   And how would a massive population that is suddenly flush with spending money NOT invigorate the economy? People spending money is good. That is why a big healthy middle class is so good for a country to have. Let people who can pay fair wages pay them, let everyone else come up with a business plan that doesn't hinge on unfair wages, ffs. Min wage has been raised before and actual studies have suggested time and time again that the benefit outweighs the short term loss of employment.   Tl;dr We cannot put needs of business owners ahead of needs of the people working for them. That creates a massively unstable &amp; unequal society.
A family of three is dad, mom and kid, not dad, mom and three kids.  Also, a Mercedes isn't a need nor are people at the poverty level even considering it.  You can't compare a Mercedes on a lease to basic needs such as shelter, food and clothing.
When motorcycle seat initially entered the motorcycle seat market, they were as a specialist saddle bags manufacturer built for convenient carry. The same mission in constructing motorcycle saddle bags is very much the same. We are offering the wide range of red leather motorcycle saddle which is made by using very premium high-quality motorcycle element. We are the producer of bike spare parts for American bikes formerly but evolved to build the opposite motorcycles and it’s a number of the parts.
"I firmly believe in ""the acorn that becomes the oak tree"" - treating people with respect isn't simply the right thing to do, it's good business. Everyone has to start somewhere.   I'm very competitive as well as empathetic; there is room for both traits in finance."
I remember like 20 years ago someone did an experiment where Peter Lynch, elementary school kids, and an ape, all picked stocks in a situation similar to this. The result was almost the same, with the elementary school kids coming out slightly better  Picking correct stocks is a craps shoot, as the market is an emotional entity, and in the short run, even educated guesses don't give an edge. People like Peter Lynch eventually win of course because of discipline, long term goals, and knowledge of tools like derivatives
There's no reason why you couldn't have your work withhold the money for you, but you have to keep a close eye on it an file paperwork causing extra work for yourself and the payroll department. You also have that money withheld weekly instead of keeping access to the money until the end of the quarter if you paid directly to the treasury.
Isn't the premise a bit off?  A *single* minimum wage worker can't afford a *two bedroom* apartment?  What about two earners sharing a one bedroom apartment?  That would make much more sense both for the workers and for housing costs in general.  My wife and I both make much more than minimum wage and we simply choose to live in a one bedroom apartment.  We get to save a lot more and plan for our future.  A two bedroom apartment is a luxury for a single person, not a necessity.  That's like saying he can't afford a brand new Ford F150 either.  No shit.  Live below your means and you life will be much better in the long run.
Yes, use a separate Form 8829 for each home used for business during the year. The top of 8829 includes that exact instruction.
The US did fine VW a *lot* more than anyone in Europe. Couldn't tell you who's the worse offender but frankly, laws are different in both places so different things get punished with different severity. Europe happens to be very keen on making sure competition stays possible.
"So you take enjoyment from people's financial stress and anguish?  You work for a company, those ""smug"" sounding people aren't personally fucking challenging you at your fucking job, they are trying to ease some financial stress which is very obvious over a 2$ discrepancy.  I sincerely doubt anyone calls 5 times to complain about a service they rarely pay for.   You sir a condescending cunt trying to get fake points on the interwebs."
"This is the meat of your potato question. The rephrasing of the question to a lending/real estate executive such as myself, I'd ask, what's the scenario? ""I would say you're looking for an Owner Occupied, Super Jumbo Loan with 20% Down or $360K down on the purchase price, $1.8 mil purchase price, Loan Amount is ~$1.45 mil. Fico is strong (assumption). If this is your scenario, please see image. Yellow is important, more debt increases your backend-DTI which is not good for the deal. As long as it's less than 35%, you're okay.  Can someone do this loan, the short answer is yes. It's smart that you want to keep more cash on hand. Which is understandable, if the price of the property declines, you've lost your shirt and your down payment, then it will take close to 10 years to recover your down. Consider that you are buying at a peak in real estate prices. Prices can't go up more than they are now. Consider that properties peaked in 2006, cooled in 2007, and crashed in 2008. Properties declined for more than 25-45% in 2008; regardless of your reasons of not wanting to come to the full 40% down, it's a bit smarter to hold on to cash for other investments purposes. Just incase a recession does hit.  In the end, if you do the deal-You'll pay more in points, a higher rate compared to the 40% down scenario, the origination fee would increase slightly but you'll keep your money on hand to invest elsewhere, perhaps some units that can help with the cashflow of your home. I've highlighted in yellow what the most important factors that will be affected on a lower down payment. If your debt is low or zero, and income is as high as the scenario, with a fico score of at least 680, you can do the deal all day long. These deals are not uncommon in today's market. Rate will vary. Don't pay attention to the rate, the rate will fluctuate based on many variables, but it's a high figure to give you an idea on total cost and monthly payment for qualification purposes, also to look at the DTI requirement for cash/debt.  See Image below:"
Offers usually have an expiration deadline. As long as the signed offer is returned by the seller to the potential buyer before the expiration - it is a valid contract. The fact that the seller countered and his counter-offer wasn't accepted is irrelevant. The buyer can void the offer, as long as it is not yet accepted, by notifying the seller in writing that the offer is null and void. I'm not a lawyer, you should ask your real-estate attorney to be sure, but that is my understanding of the contract law.
@MichaelBorgwardt gave an excellent answer. Let me add a little analogy here that might help. Suppose you bought a car from Joe's Auto Sales. You pay your money, do all the paperwork, and drive your car home. The next day Joe's goes bankrupt. What affect does that have on your ownership rights to your car? The answer is, Absolutely none. Same thing with stocks and a stock exchange. A stock exchange is basically just a store where you can buy stock. Once you buy it, it's yours. That said, there could potentially be a problem with record keeping. If you bought a car from Joe's Auto Sales, and Joe went out of business before sending the registration paperwork to the state, you might find that the state has no record that you legally own the car and you could have difficulty proving it. Likewise if a stock exchange went out of business without getting all their records properly updated, their might be an issue. Actually I think the bigger concern here for most folks would be their broker and not the stock exchange, as your broker is the one who keeps the records of what stocks you own long term. In practice, though, most companies are responsible enough to clean up their paperwork properly when they go out of business, and if they don't, a successor company or government regulators or someone will try to clean it all up.
It is the most incorrect piece of the article, but it's not the lack of taxes that have allowed the wealthy to do better than the rest of us. You can argue for the seizure of their assets by the gov't - through taxes - as a way to take it from them. But the Fed's monetary policies are far more severe in how they impact inequality.
Trashy wedding venues Tampa giving associations are tremendously basic to a broad assortment of social affairs. You could even pick a cooking association that will be something imaginative for your guests, not the way your guests with the advancement of sustenance. Say each open portal with the wedding giving food preferred standpoint to your marriage. This is likely your guests will truly esteem the sustenance and the bistros in Tampa, the bolster cook to offer the nourishment in your marriage.
I also recently did that. I buy my own software, buy my own computer accessories. I'll use my own laptop. I could bring in my own chair.   Creature comforts don't mean dick when you make 40% more than a salaried employee. Enjoy your 1000 bucks of perks, guys. That's how much more I'll take home every 2 weeks.
VAT is charged to consumers and passed on to the Government. Income tax is paid by the employees. Corporate tax on income is the true tax on corporate value add, which isn't reflected in this practice.   That being said, there is nothing unique or illegal to what Starbucks is doing, pretty much all global corporations have entities setup for the exclusive purpose of licensing IP/brands. The entity just needs to demonstrate an arm's length in transactions.
The cost of an extra 30 days is $1459.80
At time = 0, no interest has accrued. That's normal. And the first payment is due after a month, when there's a month's interest and a bit of principal due.  Note - I missed weekly payments. You'd have to account for this manually, add a month's interest, then calculate based on weekly payments.
Its really odd to see Op's story coming in at virtually the same time as this one - its like the market cant make up its mind...  https://www.thestreet.com/story/14263133/1/disney-set-for-sharply-lower-open-after-iger-reveals-big-bet-on-media-group-s-future.html  &gt;&gt;Disney Shares Are Being Pounded After Iger Reveals Big Bet on Media Giant's Future
Is that indicator can only be used for short-term trade? First of all, indicator works perfect during trends and oscillator works perfectly in the range market(or flat market). So, indicator can be used for long term, as well as short term. I mean if it is a range market, using this or any other indicator will not help much, so it you should consider market direction first. If it can be used to long-term trade, is there something I need to change from the parameters used? like, only using SMMA(5,8,13)? The parameters are there to change them. Of course you can change them based on your trading style. Considering my statement above does not mean that trading is very easy. I never use indicators alone to make trading decisions. It is always good to use oscillator to filter out bad trading signals.
Why would I pay for overpriced, shit food when I can buy something better from the grocery store for much less, AND eat in the comfort of my own home?  Also, competition in the restaurant industry is fierce. Places like BWW are outdated as hell when you consider the amount of variety that exists now.
"&gt;&gt; Did President Trump...then come out saying he now opposed Medicare doing so?  &gt; Yes. So he said that.  Great, I wasn't sure we could find agreement there.  &gt; Did he ACT to make it so? Maybe, as usual, he's playing business chess...  That argument cuts both ways.  Maybe this is part of his master plan to get Medicare Part-D to negotiate drug prices, but maybe this is part of his master plan to maximize pharmaceutical company profit.  At the end of the day you have to judge a person on what he says and what he appears to do.  &gt;&gt; Has President Trump...prepare for the upcoming problems caused by global warming?  &gt; Absolutely not! Absolutely not!  I agree.  &gt; President Trump is not against any method or measure to reduce pollution or emission.  [Global warming is a serious risk to this country](https://www.americansecurityproject.org/climate-security/).  Given that it is President Trump's job to protect the country, a position of bring ""not against emission reductions"" doesn't cut it.   Thanks for answering my questions.  From your earlier replies I wasn't sure you understood how someone might see my issues as reflective of a president who is not working in the best interests of his people.  Of course you can disagree but you're not going to change my mind by dismissing what I see as tests of character and asking me to provide another.  &gt; I am not happy with everything he said or do before and after the elections.  That's great.  Like and dislike him for your own reasons and challenge both perspectives."
Is my financial status OK?  You have money for emergencies in the bank, you spend less than you earn. Yes, your status is okay. You will have a good standard of living if nothing changes from your status quo. How can I improve it? You are probably paying more in taxes than you would if you made a few changes. If you max out tax advantaged retirement accounts that would reduce the up-front taxes you are paying on your savings. Is now a right time for me to see a financial advisor?  The best time to see a financial advisor is any time that your situation changes. New job? Getting married? Having a child? Got a big promotion or raise? Suddenly thinking about buying a house? Is it worth the money? How would she/he help me? If you pick an advisor who has incentive to help you rather than just pad his/her own pockets with commissions, then the advice is usually worth the money. If there is someone whose time is already paid for, that may be better.  For example, if you get an accountant to help you with your taxes and ask him/her how to best reduce your taxes the next year, the advice is already paid-for in the fee you for the tax help. An advisor should help you minimize the high taxes you are almost certainly paying as a single earner, and minimize the stealth taxes you are paying in inflation (on that $100k sitting in the bank).
Well first problem is usually that you are trying to do too much, you end up micro managing, once a company becomes large enough this is impossible to keep doing at the same level.   If you find that you don't have enough time maybe it's time to either hire someone new, or promote/transfer someone. You need to trust and give freedom to your employees to do their job in their own way which may or may not be better than yours. (Communicate with each at intervals.)   A lot of business owners struggle with this because it costs them money, and that is wrong it's cost your company money which is a separate entity than you. A piece of property that makes you less money than the week before is still making you money you are not losing money. So get that out of your head, it's not your money until you take it out of the business until then that money including profits are the property of the business (this is how the law see it by the way.)   Marginally an understaffed store will make a larger percentage of profits from revenue, a well staffed store will make more actual profits from more actual revenue because it can handle the business coming into the store better, which in turns should lead to more business. On a particular day you may see more money in profit from an understaffed store, someone calls out let's say,  but trust me when I say that will not continue for very long.   On of the biggest challenges new business owners face is they are fugal, as in they don't spend the money they need to. This means buying new equipment, and hiring and giving raises and promotions, so you can handle new business as well. Let say you are making T-Shirts, or really adding new designs to pre-made plain shirts, you can only press one at a time which for a while is enough, but eventually you are going to need another press so you can do 2 at a time, but a lot business owners will somehow expect an employee to produce more with what he has, now orders aren't being filed and you are in a panic and possibly angry but guess what you are angry at the employee not the fact you were to stupid to realize that he needs 2 presses to do the job correctly that's your own fault and you're blind to it, because you feel as if you are working twice as hard than them because of the problem you created! And let's say the problem is different now the press isn't getting hot enough and it take 20% per shirt to get it to stay on correctly and you decide to never fix it, then a light goes out then blank then blank and suddenly you realize finally all of this needs to be replaced at the same time. I've seen things like this happen, in new and old businesses things work fine for the first 5 years then normal maintenance is forgotten, have a depreciation fund ready so it doesn't feel like you are spending any money, that's what that fund is for and you put into it from the beginning, need a $2k equipment, ohh I have $4k saved for this already, it was money intended to be spent on this.   But of course some of this is going to depend on the type of business you are running! And since you have provided us no details I can't give an answer for you because all businesses are different, but I feel that these things, refusing to give freedom and authority to other employees, and refusing to spend money when needed are the biggest pitfalls most business owners fall into.
It depends on what stocks you invest in or whether you invest in an index, as all stocks are not created equally. If you prefer to invest directly into individual stocks and you choose ones that are financially health and trending upwards, you should be able to easily outperform any indexes and get your 30% return much quicker. But you always need to make sure that you have a stop loss placed on all of your stocks, because even the best performing companies can go through bad patches. The stop loss prevents you from losing all your capital if the share price suddenly starts going south and turns into a downtrend.
"Congratulations!  It sounds like you're off to a good start.  Establishing credit history and starting a Roth IRA now and getting some investment in at this point is likely to save you a great deal later on.  A good way to diversify investments in a Roth IRA is to use ETFs, especially index funds, which bundle a whole bunch of diverse investments together into one symbol that you can get into with a single transaction fee (""commission"").  As a small piece of advice, if there's inaccurate information on that credit card (e.g. balances due and payments made) showing up on your credit report, don't ask the credit bureaus to correct that data as long as the rest of the information shows generally good standing - they'll just remove the whole thing.   If you have the discipline to pay off your credit card balance in full every month, and view credit card purchases as electronically spending cash, you could consider applying for a credit card of your own to help build that credit history further.   Also, welcome to this site; feel free to check it out as you learn more. Planet Money might also have some interesting ways to learn about these topics.  Finally, don't forget to regularly let your parents know how much you appreciate all they're doing for you. :-)"
Pretty confident that Netflix gives its content partners insight into viewing metrics of their content...how detailed and to what extent that includes is up for date.    But yeah data ownership is about it, but I doubt Netflix has the power or lack of foresight to not give any insight to content providers about their viewership performance..
Thing is, it's not exceptions we're talking about, it's the rule. This 1 million average is skewed due to top 4-5% students who go on and become top executives and earn hundreds of billions of dollars in their lifetimes, while 90% of the rest do not justify the investment in their overpriced education. 90% are not the exception, *they* are the rule.   Plus, the examples I gave are based on rough calculations, and anyone can play with their specific numbers. Even then, it's already hard to see how huge differentials you must reach to pay for your investment. You can look at university sites for hard data - for MBA average starting salary goes from 140K before to 149K after, at one university I looked to apply for. These 9K are nice,  esp. for a 1 year of income forgone, but then again, 80K tuition is also not something you come across easy, most likely you need to calculate interest as well on those. + living expenses, books.   The mind-boggling thing for me is that people going into universities do it just automatically, just because that's what they think they should do. They don't even do a back of the envelope calculation if it's worth it. That's what more surprising and worrying for me, to be honest.
Everyone knows that a new coat of paint may be exactly what you need in order to keep a room or building looking as fresh and clean as it did the first day you moved in. If you want to get that coat of paint taken care of by the best painters in Vancouver, you’ve come to the right place. We can help you pick out great paint and then take care of whatever job you need done as soon as we can. http://barwickpainting.com/
First, before we talk about anything having to do with the credit score, we need the disclaimer that the exact credit score formulas are proprietary secrets that have not been revealed.  Therefore, all we have to go on are broad generalities that FICO has given us. That having been said, the credit card debt utilization portion of your score generally has at least two components: an overall utilization, and a per-card utilization. Your overall utilization is taken by adding up all your credit card debt and all your credit limits and dividing.  Using your numbers above, you are sitting at about 95%.  The per-card utilization is the individual utilization of each card.  Your five cards range in utilization from 69% to 100%. Paying one card over another has no affect on your overall utilization, but obviously will change the per-card utilization of the one you pay first.  So, to your question: Is it better on the credit score to have one low-util card and one high-util card, or to have two medium-util cards?  I haven't read anything that definitively answers this question. Here is my advice to you: The big problem you have is the debt, not the credit score.  Your credit card debt should be treated like an emergency that needs to be taken care of as quickly as you possibly can.  Instead of trying to optimize your credit score, you should be trying to minimize the number of days until all of your credit cards are completely paid off.  The credit score will take care of itself once you get your financial situation back on track. There is debate about the order in which one should pay off their debts, but the fact of the matter is that the order is not as significant as the intensity at which you pay them all off.  Dedicate yourself to getting rid of the debts as fast as possible, and it won't matter much which order they get paid off in. Finally, to answer your question, I recommend that you attack the card debt one at a time instead of trying to pay them off evenly.  Not because it will optimize your credit score, but because it will help you focus your debt-reduction energy as you work on resolving your debt emergency.  Fortunately, the credit utilization portion of the credit score has no history, so once you pay all of these off, the utilization portion of your score will get better immediately, and the path you took to get there will be irrelevant. After the credit cards are completely paid off, and you have resolved never to spend money that you don't have again, it is time to work on the student loans....
I live in one of the highest cost of living areas in my country.  For the cost of less than half the down payment my spouse and I have saved up for a house we could easily buy a home in most of the lower cost of living areas (and several homes in, say, Detroit). As for the rest of your question, though, we've chosen not to live that way.  Because, like all high cost of living areas, ours is near a city there are more free and inexpensive things to do than you would think at first.  While others in our area think a great time is pre-gaming drinks at a nice bar, an expensive restaurant, then some more drinks we've taught ourselves how to make great meals from scratch using sale and inexpensive ingredients from the grocery store and often do that on weekends, topped off by a movie from the redbox that we promptly return the next day.  We have chosen friends who will hang out with us over potluck dinners and board games instead of out on the town.  On weekend days we visit free museums, do hikes, wander around revitalized downtown strips, or play at the local parks.  Our groceries, as I mentioned, are sale items or use coupons and we go for less expensive meats and produce.  We visit our local farmer's market for fun, not to buy the expensive produce.  We might find ourselves wandering through the mall to window shop, but when it comes time to actually buy clothing or goods for the apartment we shop around for up to months to find a good deal. Plenty of our friends have money enough to spend, and the most debt they are usually wallowing in is a big car payment, no consumer debt.  At the same time I have trouble imagining some of them buying a house any time soon, because they simply can't be saving all that much (since I know their incomes).  They may eventually be able to afford a condo and ride rising housing prices to a townhome and then a house - it's what lots of people do around here, loosing buckets money in realtor fees and closing costs along the way.  Even with these choices, it's hard to view my friends as selfish knowing that most of them give around 10% of their income to charity. There are probably plenty of people around here swimming in debt (somebody recently asked in a Q&A with the local paper editors how she could stop going to the city's most expensive restaurants and start living within her means when she only liked expensive places), but lots of folks can stretch themselves and afford to get by while wasting a lot of money.  It's not what my spouse and I have chosen to do, because we want to be able to live very responsibly and plan for a rainy day, but the longer you live with and around the money that tends to permeate high cost of living areas, the more it will seem normal to you. Also, if it's really $1000/mo for a 2 br. apartment, your cost of living is still lower than mine is. If I were you I wouldn't try to acclimate myself to the spendy habits of your surroundings.  Instead I'd find friends who are frugal and work on maintaining your good financial habits.  If you ever want one of those $4, $5, or $6K (plus!) houses, you're going to need them.
House as investment is not a good idea. Besides the obvious calculations don't forget the property tax, home maintenance costs and time, insurance costs, etc. There are a lot of hidden drains on the investment value of the house; most especially the time that you have to invest in maintaining it. On the other hand, if you plan on staying in the area, having children, pets or like do home improvements, landscaping, gardening, auto repair, wood/metal shopping then a house might be useful to you. Also consider the housing market where you are. This gets a bit more difficult to calculate but if you have a high-demand rental market then the house might make sense as an investment if you can rent it out for more than your monthly cost (including all of those factors above). But being a landlord is not for everyone. Again more of your time invested into the house, you have to be prepared to go months without renting it, you may have to deal with crazy people that will totally trash your house and threaten you if you complain, and you may need to part with some of the rent to a management company if you need their skills or time. It sounds like you are just not that interested right now. That's fine. Don't rush. Invest your money some other way (i.e.: the stock market). More than likely when you are ready for a house, or to bail your family out of trouble (if that's what you choose to do), you'll have even more assets to do either with.
You don't have to use an agent (broker, as you call it), but it is strongly advised. In some counties lawyers are required, in some not. Check your local requirements. Similarly the escrow companies that usually deal with recording and disbursing of money. You will probably not be able to get a title insurance without using an escrow service (I'm guessing here, but it makes sense to me). You will not be able to secure financing through a bank or a mortgage broker without an escrow company, and it might be hard without an agent. Agents required by law to know all the details of the process, and they can guide you through what to do and what to look into. They have experience reading and understanding the inspection reports, they know what to demand from the seller (disclosures, information, etc), they know how and from where to get the HOA docs and disclosures, and can help you negotiate the price knowing the market information (comparable sales, comparable listings, list vs sales statistics, etc). It is hard to do all that alone, but if you do - you should definitely get a discount over the market price of the property of about 5% (the agents' fees are up to 5% mostly). I bought several properties in California and in other states, and I wouldn't do it without an agent on my side. But if you trust the other side entirely and willing to take the risk of missing a step and having problems later with title, mortgage, insurance or resale, then you can definitely save some money and do it without an agent, and there are people doing that.
You will need to buy a stock before the ex-dividend date to receive the dividends. You can sell a stock on the ex-dividend date or after and you will receive the dividends. So if the ex-dividend date is the 5th August, you need to buy before the 5th and you can sell on the 5th or after, to receive the dividends. Definitions from the ASX: Record date The Record Date is 5.00pm on the date a company closes its share   register to determine which shareholders are entitled to receive   the current dividend.  It is the date where all changes to   registration details must be finalised.   Ex dividend date The ex dividend date occurs two business days before the company's   Record Date. To be entitled to a dividend a shareholder must have   purchased the shares before the ex dividend date. If you purchase   shares on or after that date, the previous owner of the shares (and   not you) is entitled to the dividend. A company's share price may move up as the ex dividend date approaches   and then fall after the ex dividend date.
I agree with the principles, but the reality is far different on the ground. We are still moving further and further into hard skills for recruiting, because that is all HR drones know how to do. If we want more well rounded people, we need to change the way we evaluate people, rather than just looking for boxes to check. Unfortunately I suspect the vast majority of these phantom liberal arts jobs will simply be filled by cherry picked Ivy leaguers and those with the right connections, because that is basically how it is done now.
We rarely do them where they go beyond 100m one way.  When we do we get a single charge in the middle and go 300m.  If we were going any further then a few more stops don't bother me...especially with noisy kids.  There was one time we picked up a 1-day rental for $20 to go into the mountains where there were no chargers (and dirty bumpy etc).  Good thing, popped a tire on the rental :). For the extremely adventurous maybe you want something else.  For most others it works out really well.
You bought 1 share of Google at $67.05 while it has a current trading price of $1204.11. Now, if you bought a widget for under $70 and it currently sells for over $1200 that is quite the increase, no? Be careful of what prices you enter into a portfolio tool as some people may be able to use options to have a strike price different than the current trading price by a sizable difference. Take the gain of $1122.06 on an initial cost of $82.05 for seeing where the 1367% is coming. User error on the portfolio will lead to misleading statistics I think as you meant to put in something else, right?
"No offense but how is it inspiring given it took the socialization of risk markets (bailouts, tens of trillions in liability guarantees, wholesale changes in mark-to-market accounting rules, QE which continues to this day) and undermining of our judicial process (pretending no fraud was truly prosecutable) - all to the outsized benefit of the ultimate insider and anti-competition specialist Buffett?  I traded before, during and after the crisis and any of my losses were 100% my own while guys down the Avenue had their bonuses guaranteed by TARP and I am supposed to be inspired?  Buffett sure did ""bet on America"", it just isn't what most people like to think it is."
Your risk management process can be as simple or as complex as you choose to make it, but there are five key elements you should concentrate on getting right to ensure effectiveness. Get these wrong and the rest of the exercise is a waste of time.
Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns failed before there ever was such a thing as a Systemically Important Financial Institution (SIFI).  OP's article and the study that it is based on are referring quite specifically to SIFI's, not every bank in American history.
"I was talking to a hiring manager friend the other day and he's telling me he can't find anyone with experience in this specific steel testing software. I asked about it, apparently it was made for only in company use, completely proprietary and custom for their operations and he's scratching his head about why these young metallurgists straight out of college don't know about this testing software and how it's used and that they are ""completely useless for the role"". Jesus fucking Christ, those are smart kids they can figure out how to click the buttons in the software give them a chance."
As someone in the very same position as you here is what I suggest: Have $1,000 for each possible large expense you currently have. For example, house, car, pregnant wife, etc. As someone who only has a car (living at home still) I only have $1,000 in my eFund (emergency fund). The ABSOLUTE rest of my money goes to paying off the loans as soon as possible. I mean ever single dollar. There is no point for investing unless you have a really good return on investment. I am not too sure how common returns of 6.8% are, but that seems above average. If in fact you're just stashing it in a bank account at ~1%, you're doing it wrong.  Getting out of debt is not only just about the financial benefits but the emotional benefits too. It feels really nice to not owe anybody anything.  Good luck man!    P.S. Try using a tracker like ReadytoZero to show how much you're losing a day by remaining in debt. This will better help you understand if your investments are making you money or losing your money.
"&gt;I do have to say, that this is certainly not an influence of ""creeping socialism"" but rather ""creeping corporate welfare-ism""   No there is definitely an aspect of using ""socialistic"" concepts/memes here (is it in an utterly misleading and false manner, yes... but it's still there nonetheless).  &gt;if socialism was the culprit, we'd be actually doing something to alleviate the suffering of babies and kittens. as it stands, we are just contributing to outrageous corporate bonuses.   ???"
How can we make this claim? Easy! At TAPE-RITE we live for adhesive tape. We eat it, sleep it, talk about it - we're obsessed with it! Why? Because tape isn't our sideline - it's our only line! Hey, we're not called TAPE &amp; OTHER STUFF-RITE, just TAPE-RITE. for details call us at: 516-406-8294 / 800-532-2309 Fax at: 516.328.0344 E-mail at: sales@taperite.com visit us: http://taperite.com/
There are dividend newsletters that aggregate dividend information for interested investors.  Other than specialized publications, the best sources for info are, in my opinion:
People over 20 should only work 3 days. What the fuck are we going to do about? Fucking dumbass experts instead of scratching your asses and sniffing each other's buttholes, why don't you do something so we don't have to work into our 60's.
"It looks like these types of companies have to disclose the health of their accounts to CFTC (Commodity Futures Trading Commission). That is the gist I get at least from this article about the traders that lost money due to the Swiss removing the franc’s cap against the euro. The article says about the U.S. retail FOREX brokerage: Most of FXCM’s retail clients lost money in 2014, according to the company’s disclosures mandated by the CFTC. The percentage of losing accounts climbed from 67 percent in the first and second quarters to 68 percent in the third quarter and 70 percent in the fourth quarter. Side note: The Swiss National Bank abandoned the cap on the currency's value against the euro in mid-January 2015. But above paragraph provides data on FXCM’s retail clients in 2014. It could consequently be concluded that, even without ""freak events"" (such as Switzerland removing the franc cap), it is more likely for an investor to NOT make a profit on the FOREX market. This is also in line with what ""sdfasdf"" and ""Dario Fumagalli"" say in their answers."
"This rent seeking attitude of the crony capitalists fits hand in glove with the Republican desire to govern without actually representing the populace, and so the gerrymandering problem just keeps getting worse: They want all the benefits without the work or responsibility. [Noblise oblige](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noblesse_oblige) devolved into societal piracy with a hearty dose of capitalistic cannibalism on the side. So this is Reagan's [Morning in America](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morning_in_America) in full flower -- how sweet it isn't.  As for the Democrats, they are trying to compete with the GOP as the party of the top ten percent, the rest of the country be damned. The bad news for them is that this is the same problem any one wanting to take over a mature market faces: High costs over long periods of time for small results. And bugger the fact that we neither need nor want another right-wing party, and especially not a right-wing-lite party.  Perhaps what is really wrong with the U.S. these days is that our ""elite"" governing class needs a substantial [dose of nostalgia.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Revolution)"
Well, whats the source of income from?  Social security?  Dividends?  At 40k that's the good thing about a progressive tax, you wouldn't be taxed heavily.  Even 40k of capital gains, which lets be honest is mostly high income individuals, is barely taxed at a higher level than that 40,000k from a fixed income source. Again, that's the gain (aka profit) one is receiving from selling shares of a company.
I am not a lawyer.  I do however own an LLC. It's setup as a partnership with 50/50 ownership.  You can do it as a sole proprietorship.    In basic terms, if you separate your money and assets from the money and assets of the company then you are personally immune from lawsuit and thus your personal assets are safe.  You have to set it up right (fairly cheap) and keep the records right (ie never mix personal and company assets ) but it provides a nice legal buffer and in some cases tax benefits.    Do not construe this as legal or accountanting advice.  Speak with pros to understand and get it set up right.  But it's worth it.
Don't worry. The Cyprus situation could only occur because those banks were paying interest rates well above EU market rates, and the government did not tax them at all. Even the one-time 6.75% tax discussed is comparable to e.g. Germany and the Netherlands, if you average over the last 5 years. The simple solution is to just spread your money over multiple banks, with assets at each bank staying below EUR 100.000. There are more than 100 banks large enough that they'll come under ECB supervision this year; you'd be able to squirrel away over 10 million there. (Each branch of the Dutch Rabobank is insured individually, so you could even save 14 million there alone, and they're collectively AAA-rated.) Additionally, those savings will then be backed by more than 10 governments, many of which are still AAA-rated.  Once you have to worry about those limits, you should really talk to an independent advisor. Investing in AAA government bonds is also pretty safe. The examples given by littleadv all involve known risky bonds. E.g. Argentina was on a credit watch, and paying 16% interest rates.
Sorry, but it doesn't make sense to convert to USD when you can find the actual price of gas easily.  Maybe I should have just stuck with EU prices since the article was EU-based.  1,15/L inflated by 1% every year ends up at 1,27/L after 10 years.
I think you are addressing it the wrong way around. Insurance - in its basic idea - is supposed to protect you from exceptional and potentially life-changing financial situations; not from day-to-day cost. That means that covering the first 1000 $ is pretty much useless; for any serious sickness the insurance would be without merit. For example, it makes sense to insure your house against fire; the premium is small compared to the potential damage, which works because the chance of a fire is also small. If you extend a fire insurance to cover dropped glasses, or broken TV sets, it becomes quickly a bad idea - chances for these events are higher, so insurance cost go up (and the events are easier to fake too). Insurance should cover the large damage with low risk, never the small damage with more risk. The only reason the latter exist is that people don't understand it, and insurances make money on it, so they offer it. Apply this to your insurance idea, and the right way would be: Pay 50 $ to cover any cost over 10000 $; Pay 100$ to cover any cost over 5000 $; Pay 200 $ to cover any cost over 2500 $; And so on (all numbers are taken from thin air as an example). I would love if there is an relatively cheap insurance that covers anything above 10000 $ (or even a higher threshold); they don't exist because there is not enough money to make for insurance companies.
"All transactions within an IRA are irrelevant as far as the taxation of the  distributions from the IRA are concerned. You can only take cash from an IRA, and a (cash) distribution from a Traditional IRA is taxable as ordinary income (same as interest from a bank, say) without the advantage of any of the special tax rates for long-term capital gains or qualified dividends even if that cash was generated within the IRA from sales of stock etc. In short, just as with what is alleged to occur with respect to Las Vegas, what happens within the IRA stays within the IRA. Note: some IRA custodians are willing to make a distribution of stock or mutual fund shares to you, so that ownership of the 100 shares of GE, say, that you hold within your IRA is transferred to you in your personal (non-IRA) brokerage account. But, as far as the IRS is concerned, your IRA custodian sold the stock as the closing price on the day of the distribution, gave you the cash, and you promptly bought the 100 shares (at the closing price) in your personal brokerage account with the cash that you received from the IRA. It is just that your custodian saved the transaction fees involved in selling 100 shares of GE stock inside the IRA and you saved the transaction fee for buying 100 shares of GE stock in your personal brokerage account. Your basis in the 100 shares of GE stock is the ""cash_ that you imputedly received as a distribution from the IRA, so that when you sell the shares at some future time, your capital gains (or losses) will be with respect to this basis. The capital gains that occurred within the IRA when the shares were imputedly sold by your IRA custodian remain within the IRA, and you don't get to pay taxes on that at capital gains rates. That being said, I would like to add to what NathanL told you in his answer. Your mother passed away in 2011 and you are now 60 years old (so 54 or 55 in 2011?). It is likely that your mother was over 70.5 years old when she passed away, and so she likely had started taking Required Minimum Distributions from her IRA before her death. So, You should have been taking RMDs from the Inherited IRA starting with Year 2012. (The RMD for 2011, if not taken already by your mother before   she passed away, should have been taken by her estate, and distributed to her heirs in accordance with her will, or, if she died intestate, in accordance with state law and/or probate court directives). There would   not have been any 10% penalty tax due on the RMDs taken by you on the grounds that you were not 59.5 years old as yet; that rule applies to owners (your mom in this case) and not to beneficiaries (you in this case). So, have you taken the RMDs for 2012-2016? Or were you waiting to turn 59.5 before taking distributions in the mistaken belief that you would have to pay a 10% penalty for early wthdrawal?  The penalty for not taking a RMD is 50% of the amount not distributed; yes, 50%. If you didn't take RMDs from the Inherited IRA for years 2012-2016, I recommend that you consult a CPA with expertise in tax law. Ask the CPA if he/she is an Enrolled Agent with the IRS: Enrolled Agents have to pass an exam administered by the IRS to show that they really understand tax law and are not just blowing smoke, and can represent you in front of the IRS in cases of audit etc,"
If it's true then right now we're in 1937-1938 and you know what happened in the decade after that... not good.   Edit: the central bank in Japan is quietly bailing out the central government by buying up the Treasuries and controlling the yield curve.  If that succeeds without a major uprising or violence, maybe there's hope America and Europe can do it too.
Stuff I wish I had known, based on having done the following: Obtained employment at a startup that grants Incentive Stock Options (ISOs);  Early-exercised a portion of my options when fair market value was very close to my strike price to minimize AMT; made a section 83b) election and paid my AMT up front for that tax year. All this (the exercise and the AMT) was done out of pocket. I've never see EquityZen or Equidate mention anything about loans for your exercise. My understanding is they help you sell your shares once you actually own them. Stayed at said startup long enough to have my exercised portion of these ISOs vest and count as long term capital gains;  Tried to sell them on both EquityZen and Equidate with no success, due to not meeting their transaction minimums.  Initial contact with EquityZen was very friendly and helpful, and I even got a notice about a potential sale, but then they hired an intern to answer emails and I remember his responses being particularly dismissive, as if I was wasting their time by trying to sell such a small amount of stock. So that didn't go anywhere. Equidate was a little more friendly and was open to the option of pooling shares with other employees to make a sale in order to meet their minimum, but that never happened either.  My advice, if you're thinking about exercising and you're worried about liquidity on the secondary markets, would be to find out what the minimums would be for your specific company on these platforms before you plunk any cash down. Eventually brought my request for liquidity back to the company who helped connect me with an interested external buyer, and we completed the transaction that way. As for employer approval - there's really no reason or basis that your company wouldn't allow it (if you paid to exercise then the shares are yours to sell, though the company may have a right of first refusal). It's not really in the company's best interest to have their shares be illiquid on the secondary markets, since that sends a bad signal to potential investors and future employees.
Nope! Taylor has always been super original, I mean she dated another guy named Taylor, hence why t squared. What other pop star did that? None. That's right. How can you say she's not original, she's the best. Popstar? No. She's country. Get your facts straight then maybe I'll listen. Taylor+Taylor forever.
Unfortunately I do not have much experience with European banks. However, I do know of ways to earn interest on bank accounts. CDs (Certificates of Deposit) are a good way to earn interest. Its basically a savings account that you cannot touch for a fixed rate of time. You can set it from an average of 6 months to 12 months. You can pull the money out early if there is an emergency as well. I would also look into different types of bank accounts. If you go with an account other than a free one, the interest rate will be higher and as long as you have the minimum amount required you should not be charged. Hope I was able to help!
It is not luck just as much it was destined to happen. If you want to get real technical, it's the every action he has taken(both mental and physical), from BIRTH, that put him, or anyone else for that matter, in the financial and medical health we're in at this very very second.
"I came across a text when I was reading my textbook a few days ago that talked about how China surpassed Japan as world's second largest economy in 2011. I read some articles and I thought it was really interesting to see how China is developing so quickly. I understand to have economic growth, you have to have increase factors of production; and that technology is the fourth factors of production.   From an economic standpoint, how do one measure ""tech?""    And what do you mean markets innovate, while governments help?   Thank you in advance.   -Curious student"
"Some of the 45,000 might be taxable. The question is how was the stipend determined. Was it based on the days away? The mile driven? The cities you worked in? The IRS has guidelines regarding what is taxable in  IRS Pub 15 Per diem or other fixed allowance.  You may reimburse your employees by travel days, miles, or some other   fixed allowance under the applicable revenue procedure. In these   cases, your employee is considered to have accounted to you if your   reimbursement doesn't exceed rates established by the Federal   Government. The 2015 standard mileage rate for auto expenses was 57.5   cents per mile. The rate for 2016 is 54 cents per mile. The government per diem rates for meals and lodging in the continental   United States can be found by visiting the U.S. General Services   Administration website at www.GSA.gov and entering ""per diem rates"" in   the search box. Other than the amount of these expenses, your   employees' business expenses must be substantiated (for example, the   business purpose of the travel or the number of business miles   driven). For information on substantiation methods, see Pub. 463. If the per diem or allowance paid exceeds the amounts substantiated,   you must report the excess amount as wages. This excess amount is   subject to income tax with-holding and payment of social security,   Medicare, and FUTA taxes. Show the amount equal to the substantiated   amount (for example, the nontaxable portion) in box 12 of Form W-2   using code “L"""
No doubt. But someone who is motivated by greed or money may use that motivation to do great good, at great profit. If someone could become the first trillionaire by turning China and India – and the US – away from fossil fuels, and that's the way they're motivated, and without that motivation they wouldn't bother, I'd be asking how I could help them make the Big T.
Investment baking is a financial organization which would underwrite for government sectors and corporations that would issue securities like bonds and treasury bills.Apart from these, they also offer services to companies and individual clients in matters of financial solutions, advisory services.
The median income for an African American household was $39,490 last year, according to U.S. Census Bureau data released this week. It was $41,363 in 2000. (Both figures are in 2016 dollars, so they have been adjusted for inflation). - From the article.
"&gt; Or does it differ between every company what non-cash charges they have?  This.  Here's a hint: the FCFF *can* be calculated from Cash Flow from Operations (CFO).   Think of FCFF this way: ""after the business has operated *and* made *all* investments needed to grow, both short and long-term, how much is left over for providers of capital?""   [Here's a good resource for you.](https://www.cfainstitute.org/learning/products/publications/inv/Documents/equity_chapter6.ppt)"
"As soon as I see the word ""friends"" along with money transfer I think scam. But ignoring that red flag.... You will have American companies reporting to the IRS that you are a Canadian Vendor they have hired. Then you are transferring money to people in Bangladesh.  Assuming also that you fill out all the regulatory paperwork to establish this Money transfer business  you may still face annual reporting requirements to 3 national taxing authorities. In the United states there are situations where the US Government hires a large company to complete a project. As part of that contract they require the large company to hire small businesses to complete some of the tasks. In a situation where the large company is imply serving as a conduit for the money between the government and the sub-contractor; and the large company has no other responsibilities; the usual fee for providing that function is 8% of the funds. This pays for their expenses for their accounting functions plus profit and the taxes that will trigger. Yet you said ""At the end of the day, I will not earn much, but the transactions will just burden my tax returns.""  The 8 percent fee doesn't include doesn't include having to file paperwork with 3 nations.  Adding this to all the other risks associated with being an international bank, plus the legal costs of making sure you are following all the regulations...No thanks."
I don't have any experience in this, but this is my academic understanding of business pricing.  The LOWEST amount a seller would accept is the liquidation value. For a B&B, what would the value of the land, the house, the furnishings, accounts payable, etc. be if it had to be sold today, minus any liabilities.  The amount the seller would like to pay for is going to be a multiple of its annual earnings. One example of this is the discounted cash flow analysis. You determine the EBITDA, the earnings a company generated, before interest,  depreciation, taxation and amortization.  Once you have this amount, you can project it out in perpetuity, or you use an industry multiplier.  Perpetuity:  You project this value out in perpituity, discounted by the going interest rate. In other words, if you project the business will earn $100,000/year, the business should grow at a 5% rate, and the going interest rate is 8%. Using a growing perpetuity formula, one value of a business would be: 100,000 / (.08 - .03) = $2,000,000.  This is a very high number, and the seller would love to get it.  It's more common to do a multiple of the EBIDTA. You can do some research into the valuation of the particular industry to figure out the EBIDTA multiplier for the industry. For example, this article suggests that the 2011 EBITDA multiplier for hospitality industries is 13.8. (It's valuing large hotel chains, but it's a start). So the value of this B&B would be around $1,380,000. Here is an online SME valuation tool to help with the EBIDTA multiple based valuation. Also, from my research, it looks like many small business use Seller Discretionary Earnings  (SDE) instead of EBITDA. I don't know much about it, but it seems to serve a similar purpose as EBITDA.  A potential buyer should request the financial statements of the business for the last few years to determine the value of the business, and then can negotiate with the owner a price. You would probably want to enlist a broker to help you with the transaction.
Cara Mengecilkan Perut Buncit » Kini telah hadir tips cara mengecilkan perut buncit dengan cepat tanpa ribet dan tidak menimbulkan efek samping bagi tubuh. Banyak sekali orang-orang yang berusaha mati-matian untuk mengecilkan perut buncit, ada yang mengorbankan waktu, tenaga dan terlebih lagi mengeluarkan uang yang banyak.
From a wealth management perspective, almost every one of my clients that owns a business has it in some sort of trust. Mostly for estate planning purposes. So it wouldn't surprise me if that's what he was talking about.  But I would straight up just ask to clarify. Can't hurt to ask, and I'd love to hear what he meant.
And oh yeah, #1 on that list serves in the Obama Administration.  Jeffrey Immelt serves on Obama's Economic Recovery Advisory Board, a group of corporatists who advise the government on how to make the working class pay for the consequences of the economic crisis caused by Wall St.
"A junk bond is, broadly, a bond with a non-negligible risk of default.  (""Bond"" ought to be defined elsewhere, but broadly it's a financial instrument you buy from a company or government, where they promise to pay you back the principal and some interest over time, on a particular schedule.) The name ""junk"" is a bit exaggerated: many of them are issued by respectable and reasonably stable businesses. junk bonds were required to do large leveraged buyouts.  This means: the company issued fairly risky, fairly high-yield debt, to buy out equity holders.  They have to pay a high rate on the debt because the company's now fairly highly geared (ie has a lot of debt relative to its value) and it may have to pay out a large fraction of its earnings as interest. What is a junk bond and how does it differ from a regular bond?  It's only a matter of degree and nomenclature.  A bond that has a credit rating below a particular level (eg S&P BBB-) is called junk, or more politely ""non-investment grade"" or ""speculative"".  It's possible for an existing bond to be reclassified from one side to another, or for a single issuer to have different series some of which are more risky than others.  The higher the perceived risk, the more interest the bond must pay offer in order to attract lenders. Why is there higher risk/chance of default? Well, why would a company be considered at higher risk of failing to repay its debt?  Basically it comes down to doubt about the company's future earnings being sufficient to repay its debt, which could be for example:"
I use http://moneydance.com/ it has Mac, Windows and Linux versions and works well for my needs.
"Provide you are willing to do a bit of work each month, you should apply for a ""rewards checking"" account.  Basically these accounts require you to set up direct deposit (can be any amount and your employer can easily deposit $25 into one account and the rest into another if you like).  They also require you to use your debit card attached to the account (probably about 10 times per month). Check out the list on the fatwallet finance forum.  Right now the best accounts are earning over 4%."
Bank lending, insurance and derivatives: all dependent on Europe. Metals and shipping: tiny niche industries that have relatively few tax payers actually sitting in London.  Sorry buddy, but without Europe London is just a regional financial centre that mostly services the UK economy with a few niche international areas that don't bring in that much business.
Here at Environmental Drain Services Ltd, we offer installation services of a wide variety of wastewater systems to commercial areas. We are experienced in setting up systems like sewage treatment plants and interceptors whether it is on a small shop or a large building. To know more about our installation services, visit our website at www.eds.uk.com.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/austin] [Amazon launches search for a second headquarters in North America](https://np.reddit.com/r/Austin/comments/6yqdrb/amazon_launches_search_for_a_second_headquarters/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
&gt;The point of Lewis' speech is that society and culture has (wrongly) been attributing all success to skill alone, and almost completely discounted luck of opportunities as a factor.  It's called the [fundamental attribution error](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fundamental_attribution_error). In short, you attribute YOUR success to your own personal characteristics and downplay situational variables that played an influential role and attribute YOUR failures to situational variables  while downplaying personal characteristics... while simultaneously doing the opposite for everyone else (i.e., Other person's success = luck, other person's failure = idiocy).
Good luck with that. Vancouver is up 8.8% in value this year. Volumes are down a touch but demand is outstripping supply so it is back to bidding wars and selling 10% over asking. I sure as hell would not buy an $800k home in Chilliwack. Those areas where people have normal jobs... that is sketchy. But Vancouver proper? There is too much money here and too many homes owned outright. Any bump means people de-list their properties and wait it out. We had a bump last year with the new foreign buyer tax, people de-listed and now prices are rising.
Do you photograph information and circle of relatives organization images? Yes! Your wedding videography collection might no longer be complete without them, and we take all of the videography you would anticipate from a traditional wedding videography. We then exceed those expectancies to give you snapshots you may in no way have wedding ceremony videography. Valuing every couple as though they were our only patron, we deliver customized attention due to the fact we sincerely care.
retail sales prices in july were reported this morning as up 0.5% including autos.  Article claims big declines in car volumes though.  Are they raising prices, but increasing financing incentives to offset it?  Only expensive cars are being sold, while the affordable market shifts to used and isn't captured by price stats?
"Mint.com uses something called OFX (Open Financial Exchange) to get the information in your bank account. If someone accessed your mint account they would not be able to perform any transactions with your bank. All they would be able to do is view the same information you do, which some of it could be personal <- that's up to you. Generally the weakest point in security is with the user. An ""attacker"" is far more likely to get your account information from you then he is from the site your registered with.  Why you're the weakest point: When you enter your account information, your password is never saved exactly how you enter it. It's passed through what is called a ""one way function"", these functions are easy to compute one way but given the end-result is EXTREMELY difficult to compute in reverse. So in a database if someone looked up your password they would see it something like this ""31435008693ce6976f45dedc5532e2c1"". When you log in to an account your password is sent through this function and then the result is checked against what is saved in the database, if they match you are granted access. The way an attacker would go about getting your password is by entering values into the function and checking the values against yours, this is known as a brute force attack. For our example (31435008693ce6976f45dedc5532e2c1) it would take someone 5 million years to decry-pt using a basic brute force attack. I used ""thisismypassword"" as my example password, it's 12 characters long. This is why most sites urge you to create long passwords with a mix of numbers, uppercase, lowercase and symbols. This is a very basic explanation of security and both sides have better tools then the one explained but this gives you an idea of how security works for sites like these. You're far more likely to get a virus or a key logger steal your information. I do use Mint. Edit: From the Mint FAQ: Do you store my bank login information on your servers?   Your bank login credentials are stored securely in a separate database   using multi-layered hardware and software encryption. We only store the   information needed to save you the trouble of updating, syncing or   uploading financial information manually. Edit 2:  From OFX About Security Open Financial Exchange (OFX) is a unified specification for the   electronic exchange of financial data between financial institutions,   businesses and consumers via the Internet. This is how mint is able to communicate with even your small local bank. FINAL EDIT: ( This answers everything )  For passwords to Mint itself, we compute a secure hash of the user's   chosen password and store only the hash (the hash is also salted - see   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sal... ).  Hashing is a one-way function   and cannot be reversed.   It is not possible to ever see or recover   the password itself.  When the user tries to login, we compute the   hash of the password they are attempting to use and compare it to the   hashed value on record. (This is a standard technique which every site   should use). For banking credentials, we generally must use reversible encryption   for which we have special procedures and secure hardware kept in our   secure and guarded datacenter.  The decryption keys never leave the   hardware device (which is built to destroy the key material if the   tamper protection is attacked).  This device will only decrypt after   it is activated by a quorum of other keys, each of which is stored on   a smartcard and also encrypted by a password known to only one person.   Furthermore the device requires a time-limited   cryptographically-signed permission token for each decryption. The   system (which I designed and patented) also has facilities for secure   remote auditing of each decryption. Source: David K Michaels, VP Engineering, Mint.com - http://www.quora.com/How-do-mint-com-and-similar-websites-avoid-storing-passwords-in-plain-text"
I don't know a lot about this space but it seems like maybe Blue Apron should try to be acquired as well. Better now and keep the name and employees alive than later then all they'll be able to get is scraps.
If you truly have > 22% equity, they have to stop it.  However, without an appraisal, how do you know if you have > 22% equity?  If you bought the house for 100k, and paid your mortgage down to 78k, but now the house is only worth 78k, you have 0% equity, not 22% equity.  Without an appraisal, you have no idea how much equity you have. Yeah, it sucks, but that's how equity is calculated: based on the current value, not the past value.
"One thing I've run into (working for a smaller MSO/Cable Company) is that when we started offering TiVo to our customers directly, we ran into all kinds of restrictions. Some examples - since we carries Starz/Encore, the TiVos we provided customers had to have the Netflix app disabled. More recently, I've seen more apps like Amazon Movies, the music video on-demand service, and more removed due to FCC restrictions on cable operators. Meanwhile, customers who pickup their TiVo from Best Buy or retail get the full experience. Now, one would think ""Yay! It's better for the customer to go buy the unit"". However, when they get it from us, they never have to worry about repairs (I went through two Series 2 units personally years ago - usually was the HDD) and we also take care of the programming guide cost so the customer doesn't have to worry about the monthly charge to TiVo or choosing a lifetime sub that's locked to one unit. It just really frustrates me because I prefer the TiVo over our standard Motorola HD DVRs but these regulations have made them (the ones we provide/rent to the customer) no better than the regular DVRs."
Yeah dang. Guess it's probably written deep in the contract that this can happen and nothing is absolutely guaranteed.   Any specific experience on rental car chains? I've recently started using National and love the pick your own car experience...much faster and smoother but is more expensive (and luckily reimbursed mostly as well)
I'm not sure if they're less risky. Maybe I'm being naive, but I feel they're less manipulated.   I wouldn't say I have any hard resources other than dicking around on cmegroup,com. I pay a ton for my daily newsletters so I can't just start forwarding those.   I tend to stay away from strategy books, but Mark Fisher's The Logical Trader is decent. Futures I feel are more of an experience than strategy trade. Especially the spreads. This is where systems come to die.
One option is buying physical gold.  I don't know about Irish law -- but from an economic standpoint, putting funds in foreign currencies would also be an option. You could look into buying shares in an ETF tracking foreign currency as an alternative to direct money exchange.
I don't get the big deal. Someone has to buy it. And with Europe scaring people there's not much choice out there.   Unless Americans start buying more or they restrict sales to citizens, this is going to keep going. At least someone wants them
It's naive to believe that businesses accept climate change science on its face, it's more likely they know it's good PR, both with regards to consumers and politicians and would rather just keep their heads down and be good obedient (at least in the eyes of the public) brands.
9.8 m/s^2  What you need to explain how those building came down at free fall.  As far as Palestine is concerned, there is no justification for Apache helicopters and F-16s to bomb unarmed women and children, but obviously to the mind of an Israeli, its bravery. The time for bravery will soon be at hand and when the wall they built to keep people out become the walls to the ghetto they built themselves, the answer will be plain as day
"After looking at the comments, and your replies it seems that your mind is made up: ""You will always be able to obtain 0% credit, and nothing bad will ever happen"". Credit cards that offer 0% on balance transfers are very rare.  Most have a transfer fee of some kind, which acts like an interest rate.  This is a change that probably happened 10 years ago without much fanfare.  From this you can draw a lesson: what changes will come in the future? This site and others a full of ""tales of woe"" where people were playing musical chairs with credit, and when the music stopped, there was no chairs in sight.  Job loss, medical expenses, unexpected taxes, natural disasters can all effect one's ability to make payments on time and happen.  Once payments start being missed or are late, things tend to avalanche from there.  It has happened to me, and loved ones. The pain and suffering is not worth it.  Get out of debt. You claim that you are investing the money instead of paying on the debt, and you are making the delta between your prevailing investment rate 7%.  Did you include the balance transfer fee in your calculations?    First off your investments could lose money.  While 2015 was mostly flat, we have not had a correction in a long time.  Some say we are long overdue.   Secondly, how much money are we really talking about here?  Say there is not a balance transfer fee, you could be guaranteed 7%, and you are floating $10K.  Congratulations in this mythical scenario you just made $700. If $700 changes your life dramatically perhaps it is time for a second job.  This way you can earn that every two weeks (working part time) rather than every year.  Now that will really change your life.  By applying this amount of mental energy to make $700, what opportunities are you missing?   Pay off the debt, you will be much better off in the long run."
Yeah my question was just out of curiosity. Though I do wonder, given that bond prices are so low, they inevitably will have to go up right? So why does anyone bother to buy them in the first place?
Let me ask you something else: If you knew about a company that makes $1 million of profit per year and growing, with costs that are half that, would you not be interested to have a stake in this company?  Of course you would. And because the shares can be publicly bought, you can. I don't think you'd care if it's an asset manager or some other company.  An asset manager can do a lot with the capital it raises. It could get bigger and better offices, invest in a better computer system, maybe get faster access to exchange information, better information terminals, have more money for marketing and road shows. But the really big cash usually goes to acquire new talent. You might not need that much money for support staff, but a sales manager can be expensive, and a good fund manager can easily cost a high 7 to 8 figure number per year.
We offer a variety of business enterprise formation applications designed to make putting in a private organization as simple and straightforward as feasible. They range from the simple Digital Package - providing the minimum prison requirements for reputable Company formation - to the All Inclusive, which includes a variety of beneficial extras, including a prestigious registered office, a commercial enterprise provider. This corporation shape is usually utilized by non-earnings Company inside the United States. It protects the private finances of the business enterprise owners in a comparable manner as a corporation limited via stocks. Instead of getting shareholders and stocks.
"&gt; So take this dumbass troll shit elsewhere.    A) This ain't trolling. This shit is knowledge. I'm seriously not trying to troll anyone. I do not feel there is enough appreciation or attention given to the many many many people sold a bill of goods. These poor dumb fucks I play FF with, working in downtown Boston or NYC, paying $2000 a month in rent for the privilege of earning $30K a year. ""Cuz...networking!!""   &gt; Not sure your vendetta against Finance  B) My vendetta is that it is nonsense. All of it. It is the same three fucking ideas rehashed, repackaged and resold to the next generation of idiots over and over and over again. It is literally NOTHING interesting, and it is WAY too many people clamoring for the same piece of a pie they didn't bake.  ""Modern"" portfolio theory was developed in the 50's, EMH in the 60s, Black Scholes in the 70s... and these are the ideas you spend 4 years learning. And all of them are built on assumptions everyone either refuses to acknowledge, or completely misunderstand.   &gt;its as good as it gets for business majors.   C) Maybe you are the tallest midget, but maybe you should just not choose to be a midget.   And finally, in your list, construction managers make more. So there is that..."
"If the OP is saving 33% if his/her current income, he/she doesn't want or need yet more income from investments right now. The advice on ""diversifying"" in the other answers is the standard ""investment advisor"" response to beginner's questions, and has two advantages for the advisor: (1) they won't get sued for giving bad advice and (2) they can make a nice fat commission selling you some very-average-performance products (and note they are selling you ""investment industry products,"" not necessarily ""good investment opportunities"" - advisors get paid commission and bonuses for selling more stuff, not for selling good stuff).  My advice would be to drip-feed some of your excess income into the emerging market sector (maybe 1/3 or 1/4 of the excess), with the intention of leaving it there untouched for up to 20 or 30 years, if need be. At some unknown future time, it is almost certain there will be another EM ""boom,"" if only because people have short memories. When that happens, sell up, take your profits, and do something less risky with them.  You might consider putting another slice of your excess income into the commodities sector. I don't know when the oil price will be back at $150 or $200 a barrel, but I would be happy to bet it will happen sometime in the OP's lifetime... Since you apparently have plenty of income and are relatively young, that is the ideal time to adopt a risky investment strategy. Even if you lose your entire investment over the next 5 years, you still have another 20 years to recover from that disaster. If you were starting to invest at age 56 rather than 26, the risk/reward situation would be very different, of course."
We provide reproduction and redesign service of all Indian motorcycle spare parts. We are dedicated to the preservation of Antique Indian motorcycle. Our customers continue to order from us for our quality products and services. Our company website lists of all spare parts for sale with an easy to use a shopping cart. Indian motorcycles were respected all over the world for its innovative design and quality along with style.
Here is the definition of Ex-dividend date from the SEC: Once the company sets the record date, the stock exchanges or the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. fix the ex-dividend date. The ex-dividend date is normally set for stocks two business days before the record date. If you purchase a stock on its ex-dividend date or after, you will not receive the next dividend payment. Instead, the seller gets the dividend. If you purchase before the ex-dividend date, you get the dividend. The linked document discusses weekend, and holidays involved in the calculation. The difference between the record date and the ex-dividend is to allow for the three days of settlement.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-08-25/too-much-debt-is-making-us-sticks-in-the-mud) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Instead, we get deeper recessions, as people out of work are left with no purchasing power at all, and the people in work sharply reduce their spending out of fear that they, too, may soon be broke and unemployed.  &gt; One theory would explain the quandary in wages but not in real estate: People attach a lot of their personal identity to their paycheck, so while firing workers is traumatic, lowering everyone&amp;#039;s wages spreads the trauma to your whole workforce, hurting morale and making operations less productive.  &gt; In the first scenario, you will save 200 people three out of three times; in the second, you save 600 people one time, and zero people the other two times.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6w6jgk/too_much_debt_is_making_us_sticksinthemud/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~198942 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **people**^#1 **wage**^#2 **landlords**^#3 **time**^#4 **income**^#5"
Why does total debt matter?  What really matters is debt service.  What is the percentage of GDP that is used for debt service?  If you borrow money at 2% versus 18% it makes a **HUGE** difference in how much you pay back.    In fact, Japan's debt goes down each year that inflation is greater than 2% (in purchasing power).
There are different options here.  Either way, ensure that you have a paper trail of all your payments. When in doubt, speak to a lawyer, there are many who offer free consultations.
Your rate of return for paying off this loan is 9%, and that's guaranteed. For reference, the best rate of return on a 10-year FDIC-insured certificate of deposit today is 3%. There's definitely something out there with better returns than paying off your loans, but there's definitely not going to be anything with better risk-adjusted returns than paying off your loans. Investors dream of guaranteed 9% rates of return. If you had something that could provide a guaranteed 9% rate of return, wannabe investors would be lining up at your door and tripping over each other to outbid each other until it actually closer to a 3% rate of return. :P (Postscript. Depending on whether your loans are tax-deductible and what your inflation expectations are, you could adjust those rates to make the comparison more accurate. But at 3% vs 9% the picture's pretty clear.)
Firing at the first sign of trouble is a good way to ensure high turnover.  If you're concerned about her missing work for personal reasons, then you should discuss those concerns with her and see if corrective behavior doesn't solve the problem; it might simply be a matter of your policies not being as clear as they should be.
Well, to get money, you need to leverage your assets.  So your options basically are:  - Asset: Cash.  Well, I figure if you had, you wouldn't have asked how to get more of it, but its always worth mentioning.  Don't forget about cash that can be in tricky places to tap, like 401ks, IRAs, investment accounts, etc.  There is usually some way to get at the cash, but it may not be worth it and you could end up sacrificing long term financial stability if you do.  - Asset: Job Skills and Initiative.  Get a job and and earn the cash.   $2k is not a ton, and if you live frugally you should be able to save it.  There are tons of websites dedicated to living frugally and earning extra cash on the side.   My personal favorite is r/beermoney.   - Asset: Good Credit. Borrow the money from a traditional bank.  Signature loans go up to $35k at most banks, just ask what it would take to qualify.  You could also get a credit card for that amount, and use it to start up the business.    - Asset. Bad Credit.  If you've got bad credit, you can still take out a loan from a place like Prosper or Lending Club or Sofi (these places are handy if you have good credit, too).  Your rates will be much higher, but they will still lend to you.  - Asset: Property.  If you own stuff, you can sell it and get cash.  Clean out your attic (or ask relatives if you can have the stuff in theirs!) and sell it.  If you own fancy stuff, you can borrow against it (home, car, boat, etc.).  - Asset: Your Charm and Winning Smile.  If you have a good, solid business plan (written down and professional looking), ask around and see if you can find an investor.  It could be friends or family, but it could also be someone who is looking to invest.  Be professional, and be sure to draw up the appropriate business docs if you do a partnership or take a private loan.  - Asset: Your Government.  If you live in the US, there are federal programs that offer Small Business Loans.  Check out sba.gov for more info.  You will need a business plan and will have to meet the criteria of the loan or grant.  Not sure if your Ecommerce business will meet the criteria, as the intent of these types of programs are to spur the economy by allowing small business owners to hire workers.  But its worth checking out.
"You would, but we are talking retail not manufacturing. If one of the big production lines where I worked broke down for an hour, no problem. In any case we had mechanics on site who could handle a simple breakdown. We would have to rush, but we could make up the production quota. In retail, it is another issue. If you have to say ""no burgers"" at a fast-food joint for an hour or more, it is more of an issue."
Par value SHOULD mean that they are offering you the options with a strike price (exercise price) that is equivalent to the current valuation of the company.  Note I said SHOULD. As long as you can confirm with HR (or if you're small enough, just ask the CEO) that your grant price is the same as the current valuation of the company's shares, then things are straight.  And while it's very unlikely that someone is doing Something Sneaky, it's always possible.  As a reference, my recent grant letter said:  [Company] (the “Company”) hereby grants you the following Option to   purchase shares of its common stock (“Shares”). The terms and   conditions of this Option are set forth in the Stock Option Agreement   and the [Company] 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), both of   which are attached to and made a part of this document.
It's not a betting game, insurance policy is not akin to a casino bet. While the odds are probably low, the damage of an event may be devastating. Insurance allows mitigating that potential devastating damage, if it occurs.
We have always tried to be reasonable in the pricing of our parts. We also try to keep the catalog pricing and stock availability up-to-date. Sometimes this doesn't work out as well as we would like Henderson Motorcycles. There may, from time to time, be price increases not reflected in the catalog. And as you might expect, sometimes we run out of an original part and we do not have a source for more. The purchase of a large lot of original Henderson spare parts that had been the basis of a thriving motorcycle repair business for our company.
Honestly, I get the feeling that CS degrees are flooding the market right now, and that Finance has kind of fallen by the wayside, making it a better degree to have.  Of course, this is based purely off hearsay and secondary observation.
"#####&amp;#009;  ######&amp;#009;  ####&amp;#009; Section 35. [**European tax avoidance**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starbucks#European_tax_avoidance) of article  [**Starbucks**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starbucks): [](#sfw)   ---  &gt;In October 2012, Starbucks faced criticism after a [Reuters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reuters) investigation found that the company reportedly paid only £8.6 million in [corporation tax](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporation_tax) in the UK over 14 years, despite generating over £3 billion in sales—this included no tax payments on £1.3 billion of sales in the three years prior to 2012.   It is alleged that Starbucks was able to do this by charging high licencing fees to the UK branch of the business, allowing them to declare a £33 million loss in 2011.  The UK subsidiary pays [patent fees](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patent_fee) to the USA subsidiary, purchases coffee beans from the Netherlands subsidiary (where corporation tax is lower than in the UK), and uses the Swiss subsidiary for other ""miscellaneous services"".  A [YouGov](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YouGov) survey suggested that Starbucks' brand image was substantially weakened by the controversy surrounding how much tax it pays in the UK several weeks after the allegations surfaced.   &gt;  ---  ^Interesting: [^Michael ^Majalahti](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Majalahti) ^| [^Hear ^Music](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hear_Music) ^| [^Kara ^Thrace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kara_Thrace)   ^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&amp;message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+ck06iea) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&amp;message=%2Bdelete+ck06iea)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)"
Secular means a long term.  A secular basis is something done on a long term basis while a secular trend is a long term trend. http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Secular
Common investment advice recommends paying off all debt before you invest.  This is certainly not debated when the debt is credit card debt or other high interest debt.  Some would argue this doesn't necessarily apply to school debt or mortgage debt, however its not clear what to suggest.  Since any investment you make is unknown whether you will win or lose money, and every debt you have is guaranteed to be a loss via interest, its almost always a good idea to pay off all of your debt first.
Ugh. Really? I thought this subreddit was smarter than this.   1) You pay taxes on net income, not sales. Expenses are tax deductible.   2) This took place in the UK, which operates on a different set of tax rules than many of us are familiar with.  3) The company still pays other taxes even if they don't pay income tax. In the US, examples would be payroll taxes including the employer portion of things like SS and Medicare, but I'm sure the UK has similar programs funded in a similar manner. To the extent that they own their buildings, they also pay property taxes. They globally source their supplies, which means they also pay import taxes. There are a ton of other taxes that a company pays.  4) Tax laws are complex because business is complex.   Inflammatory headlines like this serve no purpose whatsoever.
"The bank ""credit's"" your account for money coming into it. In double entry accounting, you always have a debit and a credit to balance the accounts. As an Example: for $500 that the bank credited to your checking account, you would post a debit to Cash and a Credit to Income Earned. The accounting equation is: Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity                             $500   =                    $500 Cash is the ""Asset"" side of the equation, Income is part of Owner's Equity, and so is the Credit side... to make the equation balanced."
&gt; You fully support the free market.  Yep  &gt;What the fuck is the point of having a job(s!) which don't support you?  Good question. I wouldn't work one and neither should anybody else. Thats how the market knows to raise wages or automate these jobs  &gt;I support ending corporate welfare.   Hey, we agree on something!  &gt;I think this country has the means to support anyone willing to work as hard as her to make sure she and her kids have the very basics.  Yet you failed to address my point. Ill make it easy for you. Do you think random worker should get more money because they have a kid? What about 2? 5? What if they have the kid after you already hired them for a lower wage?  &gt;Define value for me  usefulness of something. A piece of wood has a low value. A piece of wood I cut straight so its a board and can be used in construction has a higher value. A board in an area with few trees has a higher value. A board that is made from a superior wood has a higher value. The guy that collects wood has a low value. The guy that has the skills / tools to make wood into boards has a higher value. The guy that can transport boards to areas without wood has a value...etc  &gt;Not everyone worships money or the 'free' market.  ok?  &gt;But try and imagine you have her life.  Why? I wouldn't pump out kids when I make min wage. I wouldnt work the same dead end job for ever. I wouldnt make any of these awful choices. And if I did, I would expect anyone to be forced to help me. Charity is a thing, and one Im happy to participate in.  &gt;No life is not fair  She chose this life, whats not fair about consequences?  &gt;slavery wasn't fair  Yes, how does that apply here?  &gt;If you think it's ok for this to be how it is, we have nothing to speak further about.  Again, this is of her making, no one is forcing her to do anything   &gt;no I cannot come up with a number, congratulations.  Right because living wage and other emotionally charged verbiage is nonsensical.  &gt;Also the argument that a teenager doesn't need to be paid a living wage is ridiculous.  why?  &gt;It's the exact argument that's been used to under pay women.  Oh boy, this has be debunked so many times Im sad you still think this is a thing. If women were truly underpaid, why woudnt greedy corps hire only women?  &gt;Maybe empathizing on this scenario is beyond you.  I empathize with someone born with say a disability. You chose to do nothing with your life, no advancement, not trying, then have kids in the middle of this wreck, no you get little sympathy from me on that.
I think it's messed up, I'm not saying I would run my personal life or my personal business in that way, but yes, within the law, everyone should pretty much do whatever they can to advance their own cause as much as possible. Yes, if we as a society feel that this behavior is not good or beneficial, we should disallow it.
"Ah the old ""I'm not racist, I have black friends"" defense. Cool.   I have heard of guilt by association but it is not at all relevant. A higher percentage of of whites owned slaves than the percentage of Muslims who are radicalized. You're saying that you're guilty of that ""by association""? What a stupid thing to say."
"To be able to truly short something you technically need to be able to borrow the security so you can sell it.  There needs to be a system for borrowing in place to be able to do this which is very robust for large U.S. stocks but doesn't exist for CDOs mainly due to the complex legal structures around them.   However, the word ""short"" is commonly used in finance to mean profiting from a loss of value of something.  So the use in the movie title, though a bit confusing, was fine. Credit Default Swaps are not technically insurance as you don't need own the thing you are ""insuring"" (and for a few other reasons).  However, I agree with the movie that thinking of them as insurance is a pretty good way to understand them.  As you are playing a monthly premium to for a contract that pays out when something goes very wrong.   However, the movie was a little fast a loose as CDS of various types were regularly traded well before the bubble even started.  Though maybe not that particular type of CDS.  So while they may have been ""expensive"" it was the easiest route and reasonable idea."
"Canada did not introduce income taxes before World War I.  Specifically deficits forced them to in the later part of the war: The Conservatives opposed income tax as they wanted to attract immigrants primarily from the United Kingdom and the United States, as opposed to Eastern Europe, and they wanted to give their preferred choice of newcomers some incentive to come to Canada. Wartime expenses forced the Tories to re-consider their options and in 1917 the wartime government imposed a ""temporary"" income tax to cover expenses. Despite the new tax the Canadian government ran up considerable debts during the war and were unable to forego income tax revenue after the war ended. With the election of the Mackenzie King-led Liberal government, much of the National Policy was dismantled and income tax has remained in place ever since. So from a Canadian point of view they were introduced as part of the war effort."
Not sure how well it suits your case, but did you consider 'car sharing' yet? If you find someone reliable in your neighbourhood, who only needs the car within the week, it might be possible to divide your park and insurance costs by 2. Another option might be private car rentals (for example from relayrides.com). The prices seem considerably lower than $600/weekend. At least here in Germany this is getting more and more popular, especially in cities.
Start with the bank where you have your checking and savings account. They can streamline some of the paperwork, because they can see how much you make, and have access to several years worth of bank statement. Legitimate mortgage companies do publish their rates. But there is no guarantee that you will qualify for the best rate without them knowing your credit score, salary, and down payment information.  There is no way to know that you have the best rate because of the time lag involved. You will pick the best one you can work with, but the rates can change every day.  Even when you lock in the rates, other companies can drift lower. Once you have started down the application process you will reach a point where switching companies will cost you time and money. Once you decide to purchase a house, the contract usually only gives you a few weeks to prove that you have financing in place. Therefore you will have to start the process before deciding on the house. Some advance work is needed to give you an idea of the maximum monthly payment you can afford, which will then based on the rate and down payment determine the maximum house you can buy. I have had good luck with my credit union, but there is no guarantee that yours will be competitive. Keep in mind that while rates are very important, some people also value customer service, and also like that the mortgage won't be sold to out of town investors.
That's true, and I hope they don't stand for it. It's about time we, after 700 years of failure, give up on fractional reserve banking and let the market decide it's own currency.   But the people will only fix it *after* it's broken at this point, and the clear decision is to wait it out in real assets. In which case you avoided exposure to the recession and the crash of the dollar, and increased your wealth by getting out before it broke.
"Gimli's Corollary: ""People who aren't successful *love* to hear success explained away as luck""  What a waste of time.  Yes, luck *is a factor* in success. And yes, there are people who are where they are solely because of luck. But I'm tired of seeing the hard work, determination, insight, and brilliance that a lot of great people put in to get where they are dismissed as ""oh they were just lucky."""
Careful.  I would personally need a LOT more than $5 more per hour to go from W-2 employment to 1099 employment.  It boils down to two reasons: (1) employers pay a huge amount of taxes on behalf of their employees, and (2) you would have to pay all of your own withholding up front. Your current proposal from them doesn't account for that. There are also risks that you face as a 1099.  On the first item, your employer currently pays 6.2% of your Social Security tax. You pay the other 6.2%. If you go to 1099 status, you will be self-employed as an independent contractor and have to pay the full 12.4% out of your increased 1099 wages.  On the second item, your employer also does your withholding out of your paychecks based on what you tell them on a form W-4. If you're disciplined enough to pay this out yourself in estimated taxes every time you get a paycheck, great. Many people aren't and just see a much bigger paycheck with no taxes out of it, and end up with a large tax bill at the end of the year.  Overall, there are some other considerations like healthcare and other benefits. These will not be available to you as a 1099 employee. You can also be terminated spontaneously, unless you have a specific contract length with the company.  As I see it, not including any benefits you would receive, you're looking at LESS money in your pocket at $50/hr as a contractor than at your $48/hr. Your pay net social security deductions is: $48 x 40 hrs x 52 weeks = 99,840 * .938 = 93,649.92. As a 1099 @ $50/hr you would net $50 x 40 hrs x 52 weeks = 104,000 * .876 = 91,104.  Then there are the rest of taxes, etc to figure out your real take-home pay.  I'm not a tax advisor, but I would be very careful to get the whole picture figured out before jumping. I would ask for a lot more with the added risk you would take as an independent, too.
"You are right on track with your idea of setting up a separate account for invoiced income. Create a new account with the type other asset and call it ""Receivables"" (or something similar). Every time you invoice a client, enter a credit to this account with the amount of the invoice. Once the client pays and you deposit a check, enter a transfer from the ""Receivables"" account to the bank account. EDIT I overlooked that you wish to account for not-yet-invoiced income. I think that's a bad idea. It will become confusing and will give you the false sense that your financial condition is better than it really is. There are plenty of stories about businesses that have stellar sales, but fail because of lack of cash flow (the business' bills become due before it gets paid by its own customers)."
I guess it is an effort vs. reward thing then. If you are born into the upper class you can put in 1% of the effort of someone who is lower class and get 10x the reward, including the fact you get to think that your position in the world is based solely on your efforts and nothing else, simply because you are surrounded by privilidged people who are all in the same situation.   If you grew up rich you probably don't even know what work is. Of course everyone thinks nobody knows what hard work is by them. When I was a kid I used to think I knew, then I got to the real world.
&gt; They already have the benefit of barely paying taxes.  I agree that the poor don't pay a fair share of taxes but that's because they don't get a fair share of income.  As soon as someone with modest skills and a full time job can afford a modest life with health care and retirement, I would support raising their taxes.
He seems like a bright guy, but let's not forget he doesn't pay enough taxes, and if the government had access to that capital that this guy is clearly withholding by not paying his fair share, they would engage in more productive ventures.
In general, for a home you live in, there's maintenance, which is just that, you pay to keep your house in good repair.  There's also real improvements. I spend $xxx to turn my poured cement basement into living space. Here, I keep my receipts and the cost (although not my labor) is added to the basis of my home when I sell.  The couple things that may offer a deduction have to do with energy. When I insulated my basement, there was a state tax credit which I got back when I filed taxes. There are also credits for installing solar panels.  What you've described in your question just sounds like one of the small joys of home ownership.
"I look ahead for sizes.  I was at the thrift store and saw a good condition, good brand winter coat that will likely fit my daughter next year, so I bought it.  I also bought a snowsuit my baby can wear when he's 6 months (~5 months pregnant now).  When it starts getting cold next fall, I'll be set, rather than wasting time and money running around town trying to find winter gear.  This applies for any regular stores you visit (Costco, thrift stores, kids resale stores, etc): look for clearance/discounted kids clothes in the next few sizes up, even off-season.   This works especially well for basics you need lots of (PJs, socks, etc) and more expensive things where you don't want to be desperate when shopping for them. You're always ""buying low."""
Sticking strictly to the money aspects. I am also assuming United States. The lender will need to know before applying for the loan that the property will be a rental, they may even need to know the scope of the number of renters. Insurance. There are two types you will need to include Income taxes.  If you do run a profit you will have taxes. The surprising thing for many first time landlords is that they don't realize that the principal of the loan payment is not considered a deductible expense. Of course there is a benefit to depreciation.
"&gt; Being concerned for people isn't naive, it is naive to think slightly above minimum wage retail employees ever had a fighting chance.  &gt; You are naive to think these people ever had a chance to begin with.  &gt; It is naive and gullible to think the Sears' employees ever had a chance.  When did I say they had a fighting chance?  What part of ""fucked"" leads you to believe that they had a fighting chance?  Surely everything I've said is that they did not, do not and will not have a fighting chance.  If I thought they had a chance I wouldn't be so upset.  To repeat myself yet again - these people are fucked.  All people working in retail are fucked;  and it's very likely that there's going to be a collapse and almost everyone without a specific technical skill that's in demand is going to be fucked.    _All these people are fucked.  They never had a fighting chance.  Things were bad for them when they were working; things are going to be much worse for them now.  And I am sad._  Is this clear to you now?  This is what I've said from the beginning - but somehow simply expressing sympathy for all these people getting fucked is so controversial that people somehow feel compelled to claim that I'm a supporter of exploitative capitalism.  &gt; The good news is a $9/hr job is easier to find than a $100,000/year job. These Sears employees can go work at Khols or Panera Bread for very little loss in income.  Can you give me any evidence of your claim?  There are five job searchers for every open position in the United States.  Businesses are not expanding, why would they be hiring unskilled labor?  They're sitting on large piles of cash, waiting for the recession to end - and if it doesn't, why, they now have a guaranteed pool of labor at near-slavery prices.    Even if we had enlightened businesses, which we do not, the logical thing to do during a recession is not to hire unskilled labor and have them sit around all day, but upgrade the training on your skilled labor force, modernize your infrastructure, streamline your processes, so when the recession lifts you have a modern company that can outcompete others.  Look to Germany for a guide.  The German Model, where businesses, the unions and the government _cooperate_ to keep their companies efficient and their jobs profitable, has _worked_ for two generations.  The fact that they can compete aggressively in the world markets, provide a social safety net for their citizens, while also paying at least part of the costs for the kleptocracies in the EU (we're looking at you, Greece) shows how effective it is."
"I""m at an incredibly fast growing startup in Austin, TX, [Socialware](http://www.socialware.com)... Seriously, what is this insanity about 100 hour work weeks?  They'd very quickly see diminishing returns if a death march would initiated, followed by a developer revolt."
The best description of P2P lending process I saw comes from the SEC proceedings. They are very careful about naming things that are happening in the process. Prosper got back to business after this order, but the paper describes succinctly how Prosper worked when its notes haven't yet been registered by the SEC. These materials contain a lot of responsible comments on how crowdfunding, including P2P lending, works.
The article is talking about relative cost. You could use the cash Schiller P/E ratio as a proxy. That's unit of price per unit of earning. The answer to your question is one time in history, during the 2000 dot com bubble. It's higher than 2008 before the downturn. You are paying more for the same earnings. That has nothing to do with the size of the economy and everything to do with interest rates being too low for too long
Their product is inferior to competitors now.  They've substituted value, quality and service for marketing.  I stopped going to Mcdonalds because of cold fries, wilted lettuce, and terrible service.  Go to a Burger King and you'll never get soggy fries.
"You're confused. This has nothing to do with taxes. It has to do with screwing people out of profit-sharing.  The shell company pays bogus/hyper-inflated fees to the parent company, who pays taxes on them.  That way, the contract with the shell company that says ""you get 5% of the profits"" now means nothing."
Sure I'll play this silly little game.  &gt;the us gov't was &gt;10x smaller before 1900.  Not specified therefore absolutely meaningless. Ten times smaller how?  By volume?  &gt;but the US had the richest poor,  Again, this is a relative term to which you haven't given any relation.  &gt;you don't know economics.  Not the original poster, but I'm pretty sure everything you know of economics comes from Econ 101, Ayn Rand or both.  &gt;the soviet union had a system where the rich and poor were forced to be relatively equal, but everyone was poor as hell!  I'm not going to spend 10 minutes diagramming this sentence.
Payday loan usually are the following to deliver speedy economic elimination when you require these essentially the most. Payday loan usually are immediate car loans that must be paid off for the up coming pay day. Consequently, it is very important that you're mindful of if you should employ then when not to ever apply cash advance loans. Cash advance loans on the recommended businesses are exquisite for sudden conditions.
I seem to remember that put returns are actually way worse than what CAPM would predict based on their negative market correlation. Apparently something about negative skewness, jump risk and/or exposure to change in volatility carrying risk premia of their own.  I'm not an expert, but if one can bear these risks, it may be better to replace some equity exposure with *short* puts rather than buying them. (That's what I'm doing a bit. But not very enthusiastically at the moment, with implied volatilities at such extremely low levels...)
I'm amazed anyone is able to airbnb honestly.  I've stayed in about 6 of them, and most neighborhoods and apartment complexes are super butthurt about airbnb, when like half of the people living there are large families or have more people in a unit than an airbnb anyways.  2 people staying in a 3br when 1 or two people stay there normally is no different than 4 people living in the 3br yearround, except that the airbnb example uses less apartment and community resources anyways.
If the firm treats you as an employee then they are treated as having a place of business in the UK and therefore are obliged to operate PAYE on your behalf - this rule has applied to EU States since 2010 and the non-EU EEA members, including Switzerland, since 2012. If you are not an employee then your main options are: An umbrella company would basically bill the client on your behalf and pay you net of taxes and NI.  You potentially take home a bit less than you would being 100% independent but it's a lot less hassle and potentially makes sense for a small contract.
This answer is based to the book Fundamentals and Techniques of Financial Management and where you can found the explanation of Value of Money in Time.  Referencies: Braga, Roberto, 1937 - Fundamentos e Técnicas de administração financeira/Roberto Braga.- 1.ed - 23.reimpr. -São Paulo : Atlas, 2015. In the Financial Math deals with:  Currency - Corresponding to payments and / or receipts of a transaction Time - Regarding the period between the date of the operation and the periods in which payments or receipts should occur Interest - Regarding the remuneration due for the use of the money during the term of the operation. is very interesting to buy this book --- http://p.pw/baj8W6 --- or searching in LojasMarques.com
"Most of our cards (except for debit ones) still have raised numbers, because you can't stop business for silly things like power outages! You just haul out the old-school ""kachunk"" machines and take the cards that way.  Who cares about security? That gets in the way of profit."
What's really worrisome is that people are buying larger and more expensive vehicles. People look at longer terms as an opportunity to buy something they really shouldn't be since hey, I can take it for two more years for the same payment.
Most free stock screeners for UK stocks, even those mentioned above, are very poor and not worth the effort really, and searching for stock screeners on a search engine will only bring up stock screeners for USA stocks. The best free UK stock screener (registration is required although this is FREE) is without any doubt on www.digitallook.com who also provide many other features like five year fundamentals, charts, prospects, etc, which can easily be downloaded onto a spreadsheet. I really wouldn't look elsewhere to be honest unless you are prepared to pay.
You can look at the company separately from the ownership. The company needs money that it doesn't have, therefore it needs to borrow money from somewhere or go bankrupt.  And if they can't get money from their bank, then they can of course ask people related to the company, like the two shareholders, for a loan. It's a loan, like every other loan, that needs to be repaid. How big the loan is doesn't depend on the ownership, but on how much money each one is willing and capable of giving. The loan doesn't give them any rights in the company, except the right to get their money back with interest in the future.  Alternatively, such a company might have 200 shares, and might have given 75 to one owner and 25 to the other owner, keeping 100 shares back. In that case, the shareholders can decide to sell some of these 100 shares. I might buy 10 shares for $1,000 each, so the company has now $10,000 cash, and I have some ownership of the company (about 9.09%, and the 75% and 25% shares have gone down, because now they own 75 out of 110 or 25 out of 110 shares). I won't get the $10,000 back, ever; it's not a loan but the purchase of part of the company.
. Implementing latest principle that will keep simple and stupid, the target ad will be blustering with responses from the audience. Such responses show the business dominance in market.  So following such successful advertisiments will surely make your position on top.
Yeah, this is either fake news, or the whole story isn't being told. But who knows, because it's the Washitpost, who don't allow adblocker users to view pages.  The only reason workers would turn down higher wages if if tipping were banned. And at any restaurant with decent wages, tipping MUST be banned by management, with prominent signs telling customers NOT to tip - even a dollar.
"To first understand exactly how collection agencies work it is important to know the background of the industry. The industry started shortly after the great depression. consumers were no longer able to pay for their accounts and companies did not know how to collect. As far-fetched as it seems one of the booming industries was the mafia. Pa and ma shops were paying for protection; some because they were not given a choice.  Since the ""protection"" industry was doing well some of the ""employees"" (for lack of better terms) had the idea of collecting debt from the companies that were not getting paid. Sears, Macy's and several other creditors decided to sell the unpaid debt to these collectors. Remember, during this era there was no FDCPA to protect consumers. The FDCPA was actually created because the mafia collectors were going door to door to collect and they were not nice about it.  In the meantime there was another industry (for lack of better words)   rapidly expanding around the eastern part of the U.S. - none other   than the mafia. Did the Godfather go and introduce himself and make a   sales pitch to Sears offering to collect monies due to them? Not   hardly. But as with any business, ideas were made and created that   spurred from the main ideology of the original business. Associates of   the mafia marketed to the stores such as Sears and offered to collect   the past due debt. The big sell on this.. creditors did not have to   pay for the services - the customer did. Originally this “protection”   industry was all about protecting the small ma and pop shops for a fee   but this time ma and pa did not have to pay - the debtor did. The idea   of collecting  past due debts spread like wildfire. It was easy money   and there was nothing illegal about it. The actual idea behind   collecting past due debt from creditors was genius. It was a legit,   collectable debt… for a price. This is why and how the FDCPA was created. So when you deal with a third party collection agency you need to know that you are dealing with the dirtiest of dirtiest people. The people that are hired as debt collectors are your typical ex-felons. There is a reason for this. The good news is now there are laws put into place to protect your rights and your safety.  Agencies purchase what is called ""paper"". There is ""good"" and ""bad"" paper. Good paper are accounts just sold from the original creditor. This includes all good information on the debtor such as phone number, address etc. Sometimes the debt is collected and sometimes not. Either way it is common for a collection agency to resell the paper to another collection agency. This is called 3rd placement."
"I don't ascribe your ""success"" to luck at all.  To me it sounds like your workaholism has deprived you of your mental health and it will increasingly affect your physical health as you go through your 20s and into your 30s.  You're not successful, you're sick."
You cannot transfer money to a credit card account. You can transfer balances, or pay off the card with money from a bank account. Even if you could transfer money to a credit card, there's no way to do it without the credit card number.  As Pete B. pointed out, this does sound like fraud.
I learned most of this stuff from 3 textbooks in school probably totaling $900 between the 3. I imagine you don't want to spend the cash on that. I would suggest finding a source online. A lot of the surface level stuff you are looking for can be found online on websites like Investopedia. They are a great resource and are free usually.
First of all, a person that relies on their ability to tap a line of credit to cover an emergency isn't generally the kind of person that has investments they can cash out to cover the debt. That being said, my personal reasons for having a liquid emergency fund revolve around bank errors and identify theft. I used to work for a company that made bank software. Errors are a common occurrence. You'd be surprised how many transactions are still input by human hands despite our computerized world. All it takes is one typo to wipe out your ability to swipe plastic for a few days. This has actually happened to me. My utility company sent me a bill for $240 and wound up taking $2400 by accident, overdrawing my account and sending me into a fee spiral. They fixed their mistake... several days later. The snowball of fees from other transactions that bounced took another two months to correct. In the meantime, I also had my mortgage payment due. In the US, you can't pay your mortgage with credit, and for those who rent, many landlords won't let you pay with credit either. I have also seen this scenario play out twice with other people I've known who've had their ID stolen. Yes, the bank will cover the fraud after a lengthy process. But the disruption causes fees and overdrafts to quickly snowball out of control. I have a separate savings account at a different bank for this kind of thing, and I have a few hundred dollars cash in my house at all times. Having a liquid emergency fund allows you to quickly stabilize the situation and gives you walking around money for those times where the banking system becomes your enemy for a time.
The key word you forgot to include from Slide 29 is: Free-Riding Investopedia defines free-riding as: In the context of a brokerage firm, a free rider problem refers to a situation where a client has been allowed to purchase shares without actually paying for them, and then subsequently sells the shares (ideally for profit). The problem with this scenario is that the client, if allowed to free ride, can profit from a stock trade without actually using any of his or her own capital. This is illegal. I have not heard of any issues with this type of action being a problem with trading accounts in Australia, nor have I been able to find any such rules on the ASX website or any of by brokers websites. So I think this may be an issue in the USA but not Australia. You should check the rules in any other countries you wish to trade in.
It is interesting to consider the Netherlands which is part of the Euro zone. Germany uses 1 and 2 cent coins. Adjacent is the Netherlands where items remain priced to the cent but cash totals are rounded to the nearest 5c so 1 and 2c coins are out of circulation.
From you question I understand that you are not an Indian citizen, are staying in India, and transferring your funds for your living / expenses in India. There is no limit on such transfers and the amount is not taxed.   The tax comes into picture if you are treated as a resident in India from a tax perspective. Even then the tax is not because you have transferred the funds into India, but the policy of taxing global income. The article at http://www.pwc.in/en_IN/in/assets/pdfs/foreign-nationals-working-in-india.pdf should give you more inputs.
"Believe it or not, unless you directly contact an accountant with experience in this field or a lawyer, you may have a tough time getting a direct answer from a reputable source.  The reason is two fold.  First, legally defining in-game assets is exceptionally difficult from a legal/taxation stand point.  Who really owns this data?  You or the company that has built the MMO and manages the servers containing all of the data? You can buy-and-sell what is effectively ""data"" on their servers but the truth is, they own the code, the servers, the data, your access rights, etc. and at any point in time could terminate everything within their systems.  This would render the value of your accounts worthless! As such, most countries have overwhelmingly avoided the taxation of in-game ""inventory"" because it's not really definable.  Instead, in game goods are only taxed when they are exchanged for local currency.  This is considered a general sale.  There may be tax codes in your region for the sale of ""digital goods"".  Otherwise, it should be taxed as sale a standard good with no special stipulations. The bottom line is that you shouldn't expect to find much reliable information on this topic, on the internet.  Law's haven't been welled defined, regarding in-game content worth and taxing of sales and if you want to know how you should pay your taxes on these transactions, you need to talk to a good accountant, a lawyer or both."
"Usually the big institution that ""floats"" the stock on the market is the one to offer it to you. The IPO company doesn't sell the stock itself, the big investment bank does it for them. IPO's shareholders/employees are generally not allowed to sell their shares at the IPO until some time passes. Then you usually see the sleuth of selling."
Instagram becomes the most attractive or prominent social network in the universe. Many business owners use Instagram to use advertising opportunities that companies can use Facebook's laser address options. Companies are trying to make their impact on Instagram to generate a new account that is famous from the start. It is difficult to criticize them. Therefore, many people always find ways to buy Active Instagram Cheap Follower, and the demand will never settle down. People want to see or advertise a profile that looks and feels prominent or famous, but they do not want to spend a lot of money on it.
"The markets are not as information efficient as some might have you believe. But on the contrary, looking up what the aggregate professional analysts have said is also part of ""doing your homework"""
"I think the real problem here is dealing with the variable income. The envelope solution suggests the problem is that your brother doesn't have the discipline to avoid spending all his money immediately, but maybe that's not it. Maybe he could regulate his expenses just fine, but with such a variable income, he can't settle into a ""normal"" spending pattern. Without any savings, any budget would have to be based on the worst possible income for a month. This isn't a great: it means a poor quality of life. And what do you do with the extra money in the better-than-worst months? While it's easy to say ""plan for the worst, then when it's better, save that money"", that's just not going to happen. No one will want to live at their worst-case standard of living all the time. Someone would have to be a real miser to have the discipline to not use that extra money for something. You can say to save it for emergencies or unexpected events, but there's always a way to rationalize spending it. ""I'm a musician, so this new guitar is a necessary business expense!"" Or maybe the car is broken. Surely this is a necessary expense! But, do you buy a $1000 car or a $20000 car? There's always a way to rationalize what's necessary, but it doesn't change financial reality. With a highly variable income, he will need some cash saved up to fill in the bad months, which is replenished in the good months. For success, you need a reasonable plan for making that happen: one that includes provisions for spending it other than ""please try not to spend it"". I would suggest tracking income accurately for several months. Then you will have a real number (not a guess) of what an average month is. Then, you can budget on that. You will also have real numbers that allow you to calculate how long the bad stretches are, and thus determine how much cash reserve is necessary to make the odds of going broke in a bad period unlikely. Having that, you can make a budget based on average income, which should have some allowance for enjoying life. Of course initially the cash reserve doesn't exist, but knowing exactly what will happen when it does provides a good motivation for building the reserve rather than spending it today. Knowing that the budget includes rules for spending the reserves reduces the incentive to cheat. Of course, the eventual budget should also include provisions for long term savings for retirement, medical expenses, car maintenance, etc. You can do the envelope thing if that's helpful. The point here is to solve the problem of the variable income, so you can have an average income that doesn't result in a budget that delivers a soul crushing decrease in quality of living."
But there is a number one here, the Community Reinvestment Act which made it too easy for unqualified people to get home loans, pushed by Bill Clinton, who i strongly supported during his presidency.   I clearly remember thinking 'the economy will boom for a few years, but this can't end well'.
I'd suggest you contact the Office of the Controller of Currency, who regulates BOA and file a complaint. This whole deal seems shady.  According to the OCC FAQ, the fact that they closed the account is in their prerogative. However, I would think they are obligated to quickly return your funds, but can't find anything specific to that. The banks are very sensitive to having complaints filed against them, so if nothing else this may encourage them to be more helpful, even if your complaint isn't actionable. OCC Complaint Process. This topic on how long a bank can hold a large deposit before making funds available may also be helpful.
Our organisation is well connected with various invigilators, British council data base managers and test centers, which enables us to register your scores in any ielts center around the world . All our certificates are original and British Council certified. If you want to make an inquiry please use below details to contact us.
The 20x number is drawn directly from the assumption that it should be easy to get more than 4% average return on investment. After lots of historical studies,  Monte Carlo simulations, and the like there was a consensus that saving more didn't significantly increase the odds of achieving at least the desired yearly income sustainably. (That's the same calculations the insurance firms use as the starting point for writing annuities.) There are also some assumptions about inflation and its interaction with the market built into this rule-of-thumb. Note that this is 20x what you want as post-retirement income, not necessarily 20x your current income. I have a moderately frugal lifestyle, And my budget confirms that my actual spending -- even in years when I allow myself a splurge -- is well below my current income, with the excess going into the investments. To sustain my lifestyle, I need that lower number plus any taxes that'll be due on it plus whatever I want to allocate as average emergency reserve... and theoretically I should be able to base the 20x on that lower number. When I run estimates (Quicken has a tool for this, so does my credit union, I  presume others are widely available), they tend to confirm this. I'm still using the higher number for planning, though. I don't feel any need to retire early (though I have issues with my current manager), and I have no objection at all to being able to afford better toys on occasion. Or to leaving a legacy to friends, relatives, and/or charity. But it's nice to know exactly when I could punt the day job if I wanted to.
Makes sense so long as you can afford it while still maintaining at least six months living reserves. The sooner you own outright a decreasing asset the better which should be considered when selecting your loan term. However, with today's low rates and high performing stock market you may want to consider allowing that money to be put to better use. It all depends how risk adverse you are. That emotional aide of this decision and emotions have value, but only you can determine what that value is. So - generally speaking, the sooner you own an asset of decreasing value the better off you are, but in exceptionally low interest rate environments such as today there are, as mentioned, other things you may want to consider. Good luck and enjoy your new ride. Nothing better then some brand new wheels aye.
I won't be finalized with my thesis until Spring so I'm afraid all I could do was mention it with my research interests, but my director said my work so far has publication potential.   He also said applying to Berkeley wouldn't be outrageous, our program has decent placements in econ programs, but he's not in finance and our school doesn't have a finance department so I'm not too sure how much credit to give that endorsement.   By flagship I mean the states primary public university, University of Washington, Ohio State, etc.   Thanks for the advice.
You can't defer reporting of the RRSP purchases.  The financial institution will report those purchases to CRA, and the CRA expects to see you report those purchases on your return.  If they don't match, expect to be audited and to pay penalties.  However, you can defer the tax deduction of those purchases until later years. That means you but you must have the RRSP contribution room available in the year you make the purchase.  So if you have $50 000 of contribution room, you can contribute $50 000 all at once and deduct $16 667 in the next 3 years.  However, if you only have $20 000 of contribution room, CRA will make your life very unhappy if you contribute $50 000 all at once.  In that case, your best bet is to contribute enough to use all your contribution room and repeat each year as you get more contribution room. Also, you have a $2000 lifetime overcontribution limit.  That means whatever contribution room you have, you can contribute $2000 more.  But you won't be able to deduct that amount, and you don't get more overcontribution space each year.
There's no downplaying the importance of something as simple as that.  But I think that Future covers it:  &gt; Employees care about your business… but only when you prove you care about them first.  Managers have the most immediate influence over the comfort of their employees while on the job. Comfortable office furniture, equipment that doesn't suck, amenities to make being at work more of a pleasure - all means of showing employees they're treated as valuable professionals.
This is a remarkable limit that most business telephones are outfitted with. It fills in the head or colleague. Already, just huge associations may make sense of how to keep running with this limit subsequently of its high cost.
The offset account is the way to go. The rate is higher and even if interest rates fall further when you go to renew your term deposit the interest rate for that will be lower as well. Also, with a term deposit you will be penalised if you take the money out before the end of the term. Regarding tax, you will pay tax at your marginal tax rate on every dollar earned from the Term deposit ( as long as your income is above the $18,000 tax free threshold). If the mortgage is for your primary residence then you will not pay any tax on the money in your Offset Account, as you are not earning any interest in this account you are saving interest on your mortgage. So definitely the way to go would be with the offset account, you'll get an effective higher interest rate, it will help you pay off your mortgage sooner, the money is always on call, and you will pay no tax.
And that's fine, it's THEIR network that may or may not provide Internet access, they can do what they want with your data (redirect requests or block certain access) while you're using it just as landowners can tell you where you can go and what you can do on their land. Sure, it's shitty, but it's their right to be shitty about it.  If you don't want to be subject to that, don't connect to their WiFi network.
That’s how sellers sell their home fast. It provides extensive listing exposure because hundreds of thousands visit the military rental homes every day. In fact, it is one of the top 25 most visited real estate homes in the U.S. getting millions of visitors looking to buy or sell a military home every month.
If the organization is a non-profit. You can search by EIN on Charity Navigator's website FOR FREE. https://www.charitynavigator.org/
Just 30 years ago China was at a level that is now found in countries of Africa. They have been progressing faster than any country that went from deep poverty to a modern economy.  Of course, they are still a couple of decades away from being at the level of Western Europe and the US, but the gap is closing fast.
"but simple economics also proves that if you have no savings (most millennials do not these days at least in Canada) and you have no income, then you have no entertainment or more importantly no shelter and food. I would understand taking a cashier job instead of store manager job because of the fewer hours and responsibility, but does ""no income"" not mean you go hungry? If that is true, where are they getting their food from?"
The cable companies know that this will only last a few more years. Pretty soon everyone alive will have grown up in an age where if they wanted to watch something, and they couldn't pay for it they just watched it anyway.
"&gt;Wait until you read about someone mentioning one of the main reasons main street took those losses was because of the municipalities, state, and federal pensions invested into those CDSs.   Credit Default Swaps were the ""insurance"" scams, that's different.  Municipalities purchased CDOs and not CDS'es.  Someone correct me if I am wrong.  The CDS's were also a problem, but of a different sort.  CDS allowed people to take out insurance on a competing product.  Imagine me taking out a fire insurance on your house.  Things like that.  CDO = Collaterized Debt Obligation (this is the paper which represents hundreds of mortgage slices mixed and matched by some bullshit software algorithm that promised to predict risk accurately)  CDS = Credit Default Swap (this is an ""insurance"" paper which is not regulated like all the other normal and legitimate insurance, that insures the CDO garbage above... so if your, or even your competitor's CDO goes into the shitter, you can collect on your CDS bullshit; so the CDS was supposed to be a hedge against the CDO failure)"
As a San Franciscan that takes public transit to work every day, I can vouch for the fierce opposition against further development. There are still plenty of cars around, mind you, but I know I'm not the only one who would rather leave my ride at home.
"Its the economics subreddit. People post here to talk about economics. I assume people here have attention spans long enough to read a few paragraphs.  I can understand your issue with principal. I understand people who will willingly take a worse system that costs more just to fuck over a drug addict. I'm not one of them.  Personally, I would pay zero dollars extra to fuck over drug addicts and I have no desire to have worse quality care so drug addicts can be denied care.  I want the system that is a good balance between cost and quality. Sure, the trade off of paying ""less for better"" is when everyone else is covered, there will be people who I don't like, and who made poor choices that will also get that coverage. I suppose one could make a single payer system that also doesn't cover drug addicts. Maybe that would be ideal for you. However, studies also find that paying for these drug addicts/lazy assholes also saves money in the long run. I assume you don't want to explore the theories as to why statistically this is the case because you know.....TL DR.  I'm sorry you don't like the ideas. Don't worry about ideas. Worry about facts and reality. Base what you ""agree with"" on reality. I'm going to go out on a limb, I think if you thought about it, saving yourself and your family money for better treatment will rank higher than the principal of denying treatment to those who you don't like.    Once you establish what you value, abandon ideology. See what works best with what you value and go from there. I would make a guess that one of the reasons Americans are absolutely ripped off when it comes to medical costs is because people don't agree with ""ideas""."
Two adages come to mind. Never finance a depreciating asset. If you can't pay cash for a car, you can't afford it. If you decide you can finance at a low rate and invest at a higher one, you're leveraging your capital.  The risk here is that your investment drops in value, or your cash flow stops and you are unable to continue payments and have to sell the car, or surrender it. There are fewer risks if you buy the car outright.  There is one cost that is not considered though.  Opportunity cost.   Since you've declared transportation necessary, I'd say that opportunity cost is worth the lower risk, assuming you have enough cash left after buying a car to fund your emergency fund. Which brings me to my final point.  Be sure to buy a quality used car, not a new one.  Your emergency fund should be able to replace the car completely, in the case of a total loss where you are at fault and the loss is not covered by insurance. TLDR: My opinion is that it would be better to pay for a quality, efficient, basic transportation car up front than to take on a debt.
In order to calculate the ratio you are looking for, just divide total debt by the market capitalization of the stock. Both values can be found on the link you provided. The market capitalization is the market value of equity.
Tax concerns aside, there are managerial pros and cons for internal billing.  For cost control purposes it's common to break individual business activities into divisions/sections which have a P&amp;L or are cost centers. At that point, if you know (for example) that your quality control inspections cost on average 1% of your product cost then one might bill internally for use of this cost center.  One argument for doing this is it makes those who are billed more cautious about using internal resources as there's a direct cost allocation. It also benchmarks that resource against outsourcing- for example it may be significantly cheaper to use an external resource. There can therefore be a 'healthy tension' between the cost center and user which in theory results in pressure for the cost center to improve efficiency.   In practice I've found there are some significant cons. First issue is with cost allocation. The cost center in an attempt to make their service appear more efficient will battle to get minimal overhead costs allocated to them, creating friction between departments. Second and I think a major issue is a blanket cost for use of a service invariably winds up with a lot of exceptions. In the previous example there may be some very large programs where a 1% inspection fee winds up with a huge sum of money, one that the product team may argue unfairly reduces their net income and therefore compensation. Then there's the administrative cost of what essentially is passing money from the left hand to the right even if just on paper. Third issue is with some activities you might not want to provide a disincentive for people to use the service- for example charging a product team for quality assurance may result in skipped QA processes for the benefit of cost savings.  What I've found works better is creation of cost centers with management of those centers. This is common in companies that have a matrix organizational structure. Using the same example again, QA costs are broken out and completely separated from other areas and QA management is benchmarked independently.
There's no demand? Of course there's demand, demand is infinite in the sense that everyone wants things to make their lives better. Sure, maybe there are some people that have maxed out their credit and physically can't buy any more stuff, but they still need to buy food/clothes/housing. The problem is not a demand problem, it is a supply side problem. Central banks have over levered the system to a point where investors and entrepreneurs do not know what the govt is going to do next to try to fix it. Is there a huge tax increase on the horizon? Is more reactionary legislation going to be passed? Many established businesses have a hard enough time keeping up with the regulations that are already on the books, and in many industries such as the financial industry, it is physically impossible to get through an audit without paying fines for doing something wrong, because no one can follow every single rule theyve written. So yes, the regulatory environment is far more uncertain than it was even a decade ago, let alone 30 or 40 years ago.
It misses :-  [My Hero](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0233084/) , [The Goodies](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0065296/) , [Monty Python's Flying Circus](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063929/) - understandably .  The [Carry On](http://www.imdb.com/keyword/carry-on/) series - eg. [Carry On Up the Khyber](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062782/) . [Bless This House](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066633/) . [George and Mildred](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073995/) . [Man about the House](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069607/) .  and stand up's :-  [The Morecambe &amp; Wise Show](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063930/) , [The Two Ronnies](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066721/) , [Alas Smith &amp; Jones](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088475/) , [The Dave Allen Show](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0131162/) .
Is it right that I request form W-9 or form W-8BEN (for non U.S.   citizens) from the affiliate users before sending them payments? Not just OK. Required. I know that I have to send form 1099, but I don't know where does this   form should go to. Should I send it to the IRS or the affiliate user   or both? Both. There's also form 1096 that you need to send to the IRS.  Read the instructions. Should I send form 1099 once a year or each time I make a payment to   the affiliate? Once a year. Read the instructions. Do I have to send form 1099 when the money earned by the affiliate hit   a certain threshold or I have to send it anyway? $600 or more requires the form, but you can send for any amount. Read the instructions. Is there any other forms or documents to request from or send to the   affiliate user or the IRS? There may be additional forms. Especially if the recipient is a foreign person and you withhold taxes. Talk to your tax adviser.
Indeed. So goes the theory that redistribution would lead to inflation (or run away inflation). But isn't that exactly what The Fed is trying to do? It could also or alternatively indicate that assets are way overvalued which would also be a bad situation. Which is it?
Unless it is in the contract that you must replace it then this should be replaced by your insurance. They sent you a box that was defective, consumer grade electronics are designed for at least 85 deg C (185F) and unless they can prove your car was hotter than that they sent you a defective unit.  That being said, I do not think it would be worth suing them for that low amount, I would suggest you get a new insurance company. The current company clearly values your business less than 185 pounds(?) and this issue will happen multiple times since the company has no incentive to buy better products if customers keep footing the bill.
For a long time, I thought that all the nice things that I live with I could only have because other people somewhere in the world went with less. That I had a nice life only because through magical economy and forced servitude, someone else had a bad life. Then I heard the parable of specialization.  There are 3 people. Alice is a farmer, Bob is a farmer, and Charlie is a candlestick maker. Every person needs to eat 1 potato and 1 egg every day to live. There is no money.  Alice has always had a knack for making eggs, and trained herself to become even better. Bob has a nice field with fertile soil, and so is quite good at making potatoes. Alice spends her morning making 2 eggs, and her afternoon making 1 potato, while Bob uses his morning to make 1 egg, and his afternoon to make 2 potatoes.  In the evening, Alice brings her 1 extra egg to Charlie, trades it for a 1-hour candle, goes back home to eat her 1 egg and 1 potato, and read her book for an hour before going to bed. Bob does the same thing, except he trades his 1 extra potato for a 1-hour candle. Charlie can make 1 1-hour candle in the morning, and 1 1-hour candle in the afternoon. He eats the 1 egg and 1 potato he got, and goes to bed.  One day, Alice and Bob meet at their fence, and talk about the books they're reading and how they can only read for 1 hour each night, and how much food they each produce. Then they get an idea and agree on a new plan.  Now, Alice spends her morning making 2 eggs, and her afternoon making 2 eggs, for a total of 4 eggs every day. Bob starts making potatoes only, and makes 4 every day. At the end of the day, Alice gives Bob 1 egg, in exchange for 1 potato. Alice then brings her 2 extra eggs to Charlie, and Bob brings his extra 2 potatoes. Charlie now starts getting 2 eggs and 2 potatoes every day. So he gets a lovely wife, Daniel, from the next county over, and trains her to make 1-hour candles. She's just as good as Charlie, and makes 2 per day.  So now, Alice gets 2 1-hour candles for her 2 extra eggs, and reads for 2 hours every night before bed. She's happy. Bob also gets 2 1-hour candles for his 2 extra potatoes, and reads for 2 hours before bed. He's also happy. Charlie uses the 2 eggs and 2 potatoes he gets to feed himself and Daniel every day, and Charlie and Daniel play in bed every night. Charlie and Daniel are happy.  And so, because of specialization, we start with 3 unhappy people, and end with 4 happy people and 0 unhappy people. Good lives can be gotten without making other people suffer.
"Joke warning: These days, it seems that rogue trading programs are the big market makers (this concludes the joke) Historically, exchange members were market makers. One or more members guaranteed a market in a particular stock, and would buy whatever you wanted to sell (or vice-versa). In a balanced market -- one where there were an equal number of buyers and sellers -- the spread was indeed profit for them. To make this work, market makers need an enormous amount of liquidity (ability to hold an inventory of stocks) to deal with temporary imbalances. And a day like October 29, 1929, can make that liquidity evaporate. I say ""historically,"" because I don't think that any stock market works this way today (I was discussing this very topic with a colleague last week, went to Wikipedia to look at the structure of the NYSE, and saw no mention of exchange members as market makers -- in fact, it appears that the NYSE is no longer a member-based exchange). Instead, today most (all?) trading happens on ""electronic crossing networks,"" where the spread is simply the difference between the highest bid and lowest ask. In a liquid stock, there will be hundreds if not thousands of orders clustered around the ""current"" price, usually diverging by fractions of a cent. In an illiquid stock, there may be a spread, but eventually one bid will move up or one ask will move down (or new bids will come in). You could claim that an entity with a large block of stock to move takes the role of market maker, but it doesn't have the same meaning as an exchange market maker. Since there's no entity between the bidder and asker, there's no profit in the spread, just a fee taken  by the ECN. Edit: I think you have a misconception of what the ""spread"" is. It's simply the difference between the highest bid and the lowest offer. At the instant a trade takes place, the spread is 0: the highest bid equals the lowest offer, and the bidder and seller exchange shares for money. As soon as that trade is completed, the spread re-appears. The only way that a trade happens is if buyer and seller agree on price. The traditional market maker is simply an entity that has the ability to buy or sell an effectively unlimited number of shares. However, if the market maker sets a price and there are no buyers, then no trade takes place. And if there's another entity willing to sell shares below the market maker's price, then the buyers will go to that entity unless the market's rules forbid it."
VXX VZX XVIZ and there are plenty others correlated to market volatility if you want the wildest hedge, use VXX, it is also the most liquid
Whether your card will work, I believe, depends on the institution that issued it. You'll just have to try. What I can tell you, is that the process of using a debit card or credit card in the US is fairly straight forward. If your card has a chip, you'll 'insert' your card, chip end first, into the bottom slot of the reader, assuming the reader has one. This technology is still being distributed / accepted, so you may encounter some areas where they don't have this, or they have an insert or sign that says something along the lines of 'No chip reader / swipe instead'. If your card doesn't have a chip, which looks like the bottom end of a cellular phone's SIM card, you just swipe your card in the reader. There will / may be on-screen prompts, which will explain any additional input necessary from you. Depending on how they 'process' your card - As a debit card or credit card (They can 'process' a debit card as if it's a standard credit card), you may or may not be asked to enter your debit card's PIN. If they process it as debit, you'll have to enter your PIN. If they process it as if it were a credit card, it will still go through but you'll be asked to sign the receipt.  IMPORTANT FOR YOU TO NOTE: You need to find out whether your card issuer will charge you foreign transaction fees when you use your Indian debit card in the US.  Is the card carrying a different currency than the US?
No, they aren't. So the fact they are willing to essentially take bribes is worse than Comcast. Comcast has 1 goal: to make money. They are doing that very well, can't blame them there.  The government has one goal: run the country as effectively as possible. They are sacrificing that goal for money. That's worse.
The company I work with uses Intuit QuickBooks Online and have had zero problems with it. The functionality is effective and it fits the size of our company as well. (Not huge, but I wouldn't consider it a 'small business') Also, you can try a 30 day free trial. QuickBooks Simple Start focuses on small business accounting, so for this reason it has a cleaner interface and is simple to use. QuickBooks Simple Start compared to Quicken Home This article doesn't exactly have a bright light shining on Quickbooks, but I think it's fair to show you other alternatives: http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2382514,00.asp [Note that it is from 2011]
"It depends on many factors, but generally, the bid/ask spread will give you an idea. There are typically two ways to buy (or sell) a security: With a limit order, you would place a buy for 100 shares at $30-. Then it's easy, in the worst case you will get your 100 shares at $30 each exactly. You may get lucky and have the price fall, then you will pay less than $30. Of course if the price immediately goes up to say $35, nobody will sell at the $30 you want, so your broker will happily sit on his hands and rake in the commission while waiting on what is now a hail Mary ask. With a market order, you have the problem you mention: The ticker says $30, but say after you buy the first 5 shares at $30 the price shoots up and the rest are $32 each - you have now paid on average $31.9 per share. This could happen because there is a limit order for 5 at $30 and 200 at $32 (you would have filled only part of that 200). You would be able to see these in the order book (sometimes shown as bid/ask spread or market depth). However, the order book is not law. Just because there's an ask for 10k shares at $35 each for your $30 X stock, doesn't mean that by the time the price comes up to $35, the offer will still be up. The guy (or algorithm) who put it up may see the price going up and decide he now wants $40 each for his 10k shares. Also, people aren't obligated to put in their order: Maybe there's a trader who intends to trade a large volume when the price hits a certain level, like a limit order, but he elected to not put in a limit order and instead watch the ticker and react in real time. Then you will see a huge order suddenly come in out of nowhere. So while the order book is informative, what you are asking is actually fundamentally impossible to know fully, unless you can read the minds of every interested trader. As others said, in ""normal"" securities (meaning traded at a major exchange, especially those in the S&P500) you simply can't move the price, the market is too deep. You would need millions of dollars to budge the price, and if you had that much money, you wouldn't be asking here on a QA site, you would have a professional financial advisor (or even a team) that specializes in distributing your large transaction over a longer time to minimize the effect on the market. With crazier stocks, such as OTC and especially worthless penny stocks with market caps of $1 mil or less, what you say is a real problem (you can end up paying multiples of the last ticker if not careful) and you do have to be careful about it. Which is why you shouldn't trade penny stocks unless you know what you're doing (and if you're asking this question here, you don't)."
One thing I didn't see mentioned - my major bills are all electronic transfer, i.e. there is no check mailed. A bill due in 2 days can be set up now, and still paid the day after tomorrow. Try that with a check. There are smaller companies that are not done that way and a check mailed, but you state the due date not the mailing date. So the bank still has the obligation to get it there. This is how my particular bank works.
Probably a big fat NO. Update re this edit: NOTE: I'm not suggesting that I melt the coins. I'm just suggesting that I hold onto the nickels and sell them later when they are worth more than 5 cents. For example, you can sell coins with silver in them for far above their face value. This is silly as an investment.  Right up there with stockpiling cars. :)   The increase in value will likely never be enough to make the cost/hassle of storage worth it.  As MrChrister states, it is a fine idea as a collection, but not as a stockpile. Edit (from the comments): I am surprised I did not latch onto this in the previous update.  Silver is considered a previous metal, nickel and copper are not.  BTW, the U.S. nickel is 25% nickel and 75% copper. Also, how in the world do you plan on actually selling a stockpile of nickels?
Take the long term view.  Build up the cash.  Once you have enough cash in the bank, you don't need a credit score.  With 6 months living expenses in the bank after paying 20% down on a small house, he should have no issues getting a reasonably priced mortgage.   However, if he waited just a bit longer he might buy the same house outright with cash. When I ran the computations for myself many years ago, it would have taken me half as long to save the money and pay cash for my home as it did for me to take a mortgage and pay it off.
That's a matter of opinion.  He has enriched the US stock markets by $4 trillion dollars already.  That affects me and many others.  Unemployment is at a 30 year low.  Interest rates are stable and rising slowly.  Inflation is stable.  The housing market is healthy.  Cease fire in Syria.  We are no longer arming radicals in Syria.    There are many positive things happening right now.  They just aren't widely reported.
There can be the question of what objective do you have for buying the stock. If you want an income stream, then high yield stocks may be a way to get dividends without having additional transactions to sell shares while others may want capital appreciation and are willing to go without dividends to get this. You do realize that both Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline are companies that the total stock value is over $100 billion yes? Thus, neither is what I'd see as a growth stock as these are giant companies that would require rather large sales to drive earnings growth though it may be interesting to see what kind of growth is expected for these companies. In looking at current dividends, one is paying 3% and the other 5% so I'm not sure either would be what I'd see as high yield. REITs would be more likely to have high dividends given their structure if you want something to research a bit more.
Unfortunately, sex is such an important and intimate part of our human mind.It is hardly surprising that it generates so many problems for so many people. In the world all men want girls to fuck for her level.Do not be afraid to say what is on your mind, just as long as you are not making it sound like you are acting out a part of a porn movie. For instance, when you tell your partner how good his or her skin feels on yours, it shows that the slow, close and passionate moment of love.
Well, in a sense I agree. You need to educate your damn self of the insanity of the world because nobody else will for you. And you need to work harder at getting the fuck out of that world and into the one you know you're supposed to be in.
Stock price is based on supply and demand. Unless the stock you are looking to buy usually has very low volume trading 100 shares isn't likely to have any effect on price. There are many companies that have millions or tens of millions of shares trade daily. For stocks like that 100 shares is barely a trivial percentage of the daily volume. For thinly traded stocks you can look at the bid and ask size but even that isn't likely to get you an exact answer. Unless you are trading large volumes your trade will have no effect on the price of shares.
Ways to build credit without applying for credit cards: It takes some time for these types of actions to positively affect you.  I'd say at the very least 6 months.  You won't get the full benefit for several years.  However, the earlier you get started, the better.
"So very true, and I've heard most of these used in the way they describe. Although, they're missing ""We need to get some headlights on this"" = ""We just got surprised by our lack of common sense. Let's not let that happen again!""  I think that one's low hanging fruit, and our best practices dictate that we capitalize on that because of the easy ROI. It's just due diligence, really."
If you just want to save for retirement, start with a financial planning book, like this one: http://www.amazon.com/Smart-Simple-Financial-Strategies-People/dp/0743269942 and here's my editorial on the investing part: http://blog.ometer.com/2010/11/10/take-risks-in-life-for-savings-choose-a-balanced-fund/ If you're thinking of spending time stock-picking or trading for fun, then there are lots of options.  Web site: Morningstar Premium (http://morningstar.com) has very good information. They analyze almost all large-cap stocks and some small caps too, plus mutual funds and ETFs, and have some good general information articles. It doesn't have the sales-pitch hot-blooded tone of most other sites. Morningstar analyzes companies from a value investing point of view which is probably what you want unless you're day trading. Also they analyze funds, which are probably the most practical investment. Books: If you want to be competent (in the sense that a professional investor trying to beat the market or control risk vs. the market would be) then I thought the CFA curriculum was pretty good: However, this will quickly teach you how much is involved in being competent. The level 1 curriculum when I did it was 6 or 7 thick textbooks, equivalent to probably a college semester courseload. I didn't do level 2 or 3. I don't think level 1 was enough to become competent, it's just enough to learn what you don't know. The actual CFA charter requires all three levels and years of work experience. If you more want to dabble, then Benjamin Graham's The Intelligent Investor certainly isn't a bad place to start, but you'd also want to read some efficient markets stuff (Random Walk Down Wall Street, or something by Bogle, or The Intelligent Asset Allocator http://www.amazon.com/Intelligent-Asset-Allocator-Portfolio-Maximize/dp/0071362363, are some options). It wouldn't be bad to just read a textbook like http://www.amazon.com/Investments-Irwin-Finance-Zvi-Bodie/dp/0256146381 which would be the much-abridged version of the CFA level 1 stuff. If you're into day trading / charting, then I don't know much about that at all, some of the other answers may have some ideas. I've never been able to find info on this that didn't seem like it had a sketchy sales pitch kind of vibe. Honestly in a world of high-frequency trading computers I'm skeptical this is something to get into. Unless you want to program HFT computers: http://howtohft.wordpress.com/
Nothing.  Retail is not going to go away, it will change and transmutate, and just like evolution it will be a gradual change with some pieces falling off the cliff, but no disasters.  AMZN / WMT are leading the change, others will follow; most of the retail business models will become antiquated and replaced.
target audience smaller businesses that deal with logistics as a secondary (but necessary) part of their business (ie charlie's cake factory, alice's airplane repairs, steve's steelworks)  or  target audience smaller business that deal with logistics directly as as a primary part of their business (ie wilson's warehouse, connie's courier, laura's LTL shipping company)  ?
[] [Fitch Ratings is expecting China's first local government bond defaults, but timing uncertain] (https://www.cnbc.com/2017/09/25/fitch-ratings-is-expecting-chinas-first-local-government-bond-defaults-but-timing-uncertain.html)  [] [China LGFVs: fears mount of bond defaults] (http://www.financeasia.com/News/439998,china-lgfvs-fears-mount-of-bond-defaults.aspx)  [][Growing Chinese corporate bond defaults improve market transparency but could scare investors] (https://www.cnbc.com/2016/05/25/growing-chinese-corporate-bond-defaults-improve-market-transparency-but-could-scare-investors.html)  [][Why are Chinese bond defaults surging?] (https://www.breakingviews.com/features/breakdown-why-are-chinese-bond-defaults-surging/)
Are there particular, established businesses that provide these   services? Yes! There are many fee-based financial advisors that provide such services. These might help:  http://www.ricedelman.com/galleries/default-file/how-to-choose-financial-advisor.pdf http://www.ricedelman.com/cs/education/article?articleId=990#.Us7cyPRDt1Y
"While the other people have tried to answer your question as thoroughly as possible, I fear they are entirely incorrect in answering your question itself as it stands. The answer is that there are no usual terms. There are a handful of different options coming out now for this exact scheme. Examples include the UK Governments ""Help To Buy"" scheme. Accomodation is offered at a normal rate, and a small portion of the rent is set aside each month. At the end of a fixed period, that money becomes a deposit which the letter hands over to a mortgage provider who accepts it as a deposit. This might well be a terminology thing, since the other scenario which people described falls into the same name you've used. That scenario is where the investor who owns the property is considering sale of the property, and is happy to negotiate a price up front for the next year. Usually the rent and price is higher than the market rate because if the market goes well over the next year they could end up out of pocket. Putting that into perspective, over that year they are gaining their $1,000 a month or so, but having $100,000 invested means a return of 12%. If the property value is over $250,000 which I believe to be more likely, they are achieving a return of (I think) 4.8%. That's not a bad rate, by any means, but realistically they are losing a bit more for maintenance, and they could be making more from their money. If the market were to go up in that time by more than 4.8% (my house, for instance, increased in value by over 15% in the last 12 months), they are making a substantial loss since you are getting a house at 15% below the market rate. The total works out to a 10.2% loss for them. Note that I don't know the US housing market at all, I'm speaking mostly from my experience of the market here in the UK. This is what I hear, what I see, and what I've played. To summarise a bit: Make sure you check your terms before signing anything."
How do tax cuts for a corporation decrease available labor or increase demand for labor?  I know wages are complex but what company is going to get a tax cut and say, “Ya know what, we’re not paying as much taxes so raises for everyone.”?  Maybe if the company uses that money to buy stuff, there will be demand on those companies that produce those products.
There's also no way we'll ever walk around with computers in our pockets that can calculate a trajectory for a lunar insertion orbit in less than a second yet we all do.  That we've gone through two major employment revolutions (industrialization, mechanization) and there's still in general enough things that people have to do that we can rely on employment to drive the economy I don't see that being a guarantee that this will continue for a third and fourth rounds.  So we pose a 'what if?'.  What if there is another revolution in automation and we no longer need people to move things around, sell things or clean?  That covers all of retail, shipping and most service sector jobs.  Even if we still need some people in the loop we could see what happened to manufacturing where employment drops 10:1 or 100:1 because all the grunt work is now done by machine.  What happens when there's no more jobs that you can do without a Bachelors minimum education?  There are a lot of people who just aren't cut out for those kinds of jobs and would hate having to do them - not to mention do them poorly.  What does that world look like?  Yes it's the stuff of Sci-fi right now but so is today's world to people only 40 years ago.
You can lookup SWIFT codes here.  Based on the search I conducted on March 30, 2015, PayPay US's SWIFT is PPALUS66, and PayPal Europe's SWIFT is PPLXLULL.  Since they have two listed, it would be safe to contact PayPal directly and ask which SWIFT they would like to be used.
I'd bet good money that you're right on the button there. I can foresee a cottage industry for local part replacements easily cropping up in places with a strong DIY-nerd presence. If parts in some certain area break with enough frequency, you'll get customers chomping at the bit to pay what it would have cost to buy and ship, if they can instead get the replacement part printed in a couple hours. Screw waiting for the auto parts store to ship from their warehouse 5 hours away, when I can just get that distributor cap printed, to spec, *with customizations*, in half that time. This is so much of a game changer that you won't even know critical mass has hit until it does.  At the same time, I can also see some company trying to make an example of local print-a-part shops to protect dwindling part-supplier profits by calling in the fuzz to bust printing joints with narcotics-style closure raids, subpoenas, middle-of-the-night warrants, and that sort of thing. I don't think that stage will last long because customer backlash will be deadly, but it's well known that the last stage of a dying business model involves denial and desperate legal thrashing-about.
"A **Synthetic CDO** is the devil incarnate.  From the CDS buyer (aka Insurance buyer's) point of view: if you want *protection* on some credit/debt-security/loan and **can't find a willing counterparty**, just get ""investors in a CDO"" to supply it, in small portions in mass!  The poor tranche buyers won't even be aware that their **""tranche LOSS""** constitutes final full default-recovery payment on the defaulted credit to the CDS buyer.   CDOs are making a come back (slowly but surely) b/c there's a lot of ""JUNK"" accumulated in the **""Levered Loan/Mezzanine Market""**. So industry finds it's favored vehicle to dispose of said junk, hiding behind two counterparties couched in different semantic cloaks: ""CDS BUYER"" on one side, and ""CDO INVESTOR"" on the other.  To boot, red-meat free-market publications like WSJ then say (asif) ""O, buyers are dying for yield, there's great demand"". LOL. This completely obfuscates fact that a humble cdo investor is **entering the INSURANCE BIZ** against some very dodgy ""assets"".  (would you insure stage IV cancer patients for $1mn at annual premium of, say $5000?)"
You could make an entry for the disputed charge as if you were going to lose the dispute, and a second entry that reverses the charge as if you were going to win the dispute.  You could then reconcile the account by including the first charge in the reconciliation and excluding the reversal until the issue has been resolved.
I think PA is probably the biggest factor.  All the older PA residents that used to go there just go to PA casinos.  They don't care about the beach.  If they want to go to a beach, they go to a nice beach.    For most of the younger gamblers, the extra drive isn't worth the time to go to a slum with a shitty beach when you don't have to.    Also did they say no smoking in NJ casinos? WTF that's just stupid. I don't smoke but i do love it when I gamble
In most circumstances prices do not change on a daily basis on most goods and services, and just because inflation is high does not mean all prices of every good and service has to increase over the short term.  Prices are determined by costs of doing business, manufacturing costs and wage growth, and by competition.  For example, if one product has very little competition and costs to produce it have gone up, then the seller might increase prices by 10% to cover their cost of buying the goods off the manufacturer, whilst another product may have plenty of competition, the seller has sourced a new manufacturer from overseas with lower manufacturing costs, they might lower their selling costs by 5% to better compete and increase their sales. Inflation figures are calculated from a set basket of goods and services, and if inflation increases it does not mean that all prices in that basket have gone up, only that the aggregate for the whole basket of goods and services has gone up since the last inflation figures were calculated.
"Title insurance protects you from losing rights to your property in case of a court decision. Let's look at an example I recently found in local newspapers. One old woman sold her apartment to person A. The deed was attested by a notary public who verified that indeed in was that old woman putting her signature on the deed. Then person A sold the apartment to person B, etc, then after several deals some unfortunate Buyer bought that apartment. The deal looked allright, so he's got a mortgage to pay for the apartment. Later it turned out that the old lady died three months before she ""sold"" the apartment and the notary public was corrupt. Old lady's heirs filed a lawsuit and the deal was void. So the ultimate Buyer lost all rights to the apartment although he purchased it legally. This is the case when title insurance kicks in. You need one if there's a chance for a deal to be deemed void."
Only jerks use Safari  (note - in my experience for a large retailer, those that use that browser are more likely to leave negative feedback on their shopping experience, even though we make sure every feature is more than compatible and works for them)
Well, I can tell you that most of the executive staff at GoDaddy don't even live in Phoenix where HQ is.  They fly in sometime on Monday (some on Sunday, to be fair) and then work until sometime late Thursday and fly home.  Long weekends, every weekend.  The rest of us (when I worked there) enjoyed our quiet Mondays and Fridays.
"What do I mean by infrastructure? Well, if you're doing algorithmic trading, you have to have something monitoring data and making decisions on its own, presumably. How do you set that up? There are many ways, and some are better than others.  First is a problem of scale. If you're a newbie starting out with some small set of equity tick data, perhaps just trades for instance, you can whip together something that can handle that pretty easily. Check out http://www.marketdatapeaks.com/ though. That's your messaging rates you have to deal with once you go full data feeds direct from all the exchanges. 6.65 million messages/events per second. That's a lot. And if you fall behind, you lose your lunch.  Building a robust system that allows you to easily backtest and deploy strategies is crucial as well. The speed at which you're able to conduct the backtest matters a lot. Doing that rapidly, and accurately is not easy. For a broad market-data handling algo design (and now, clearly, for very specific things you can design one that'll handle stuff better for that one corner case, but this is for general algo trading), optimally you have some sort of setup where you have a:  [feed handlers] -&gt; [tickerplant] -&gt; [mkt data subscribers/CEP] -&gt; [order management system] -&gt; [broker]   in this setup you have feed handlers that are taking the raw exchange feeds and pushing them to a consolidated tickerplant, where CEP subscribers can come through and sub to the data they want (perhaps I just want ES futures on one, and only want to arb CMCSA and CMCSK on another -- you dont want each CEP subscriber getting your full feed for all tickers all the time, its a waste). so more or less, each independent strategy is its own subscriber to the tickerplant, taking whatever data it wants and only that data (could be ""give me all the trades and quotes for all nasdaq stocks, but not book depth"" for instance).  your CEP does whatever maths it has to do to figure out trading decisions, and when it does, it sends it to your order management system which does your risk checks, etc (""do you have enough money to place this trade?"" ""do you already have a position in this?"" ""are you trading against yourself?"" ... million other things). your OMS knows how to talk to your broker/directly to the exchange depending on your setup. Assuming all your risk checks pass, off the order goes to the exchange, and it deals with the fill msgs, etc.  Now, as far as speed is concerned - try to do all of this at 6.5 million events/second. It's hard. Some strats/cep subscribers will run faster than others, some are slower, some need to keep a full book to work while some work on just trades. Your OMS depending on if youre using only market data sources may need to keep its own book to place orders on behalf of your subscribers if they lack information about various markets (think all the twitter trading bots these days for instance), etc.  If you look back at the above setup as well, you'll notice some interesting things. [tickerplant] -&gt; [cep subscriber] portion can stay the same for live trading or backtesting. This is huge. The only thing that changes here for backtesting is that if you're trying to backtest, you can take historical data (query it out of your hopefully column-store database) and push it into your tickerplant rather than having it come from a live feed through the feed handler. Your tickerplant and cep subscriber will never know the difference, so you can use the same exact code for backtesting as you can for live. On the other end, you obviously cant send historical orders to your live broker, so you need to code a simulated OMS that does the backtest simulation (another huge piece of software to code that is hard to do well). But, for backtesting, your setup is staying largely the same except those two end pieces. This means that testing/deving/deploying strats can be pretty rapid, and uses the same code base for live and historical, which helps you eliminate bugs and have to code everything twice.  Backtesting design: [historical mkt data db] -&gt; [tickerplant] -&gt; [mkt data subscribers/CEP] -&gt; [order management system simulator/backtester]  These are just a few of the many problems that you hit when trying to dev good infra. There are like a million more. Point was simply, it's complicated. And C++ is a good lang. I use a wide variety of languages depending on exactly whats going on and how fast the code needs to be. With a proper tickerplant design, youre using some ipc protocol so a subscriber can be coded in any language. Check out http://www.zeromq.org/ -- thats an excellent piece of software to use to make a tickerplant out of, think they even have a design for one in the docs if I recall. With that, your CEP subscribers can be in any language - perhaps pure C if you need the speed, perhaps .NET or Java if you dont (check out http://esper.codehaus.org/ for a Java implement of a CEP subscriber, nEsper for the C# port of that I believe). But I use C, C++, C#, python, R, x86 asm for a few very minor things, and a lang or two I can't mention here."
"So you believe people are free to have opinions, act on them. But what is a business except a bunch of people interacting with others? Do you stop being human when you walk through the doors of your work? Using terms like ""companies should provide a service"" sounds like they are staffed by machines, and we should force them to do whatever they want, which is troubling.  In my opinion, companies should be free not to bake cakes for neo-nazis or gay couples. Of course, I would boycott the latter, as would many people, I suspect. The free market forces people to cooperate, because bigoted organization will lose business.  My biggest problem with Paypal's decision is I'm not sure I trust them to determine who is a ""hate group"" fairly, like you said. (Of course, I trust the government even less.) But the good news is if they implement their policy unfairly, then they'll get slapped by the invisible hand and go broke. The free market is one of the freest, most democratic systems we have."
They are easing QE as the economy does better, but it will remain a tool that central banks use forever. I doubt they'll actually get to none, that would require things to go too well for too long. If we start heading toward a surplus Conservatives will put pressure on for tax cuts, and Progressives will put pressure on for govt spending.
The chances are good that the interest you are going to pay on the debt is going to be higher than the interest you are going to receive on any type of short term investments. That would make the paying off of the debt worth more to you in the long run than saving your money. Note that without the particulars of your situation this is all just theory crafting so consult the details of you loan agreements. I cannot imagine that a credit provider did not discuss this with you before you put pen on paper.
There are two or three issues here. One is, how quickly can you get cash out of your investments? If you had an unexpected expense, if you suddenly needed more cash than you have on hand, how long would it take to get money out of your Scott Trade account or wherever it is? I have a TD Ameritrade account which is pretty similar, and it just takes a couple of days to get money out. I'm hard pressed to think of a time when I literally needed a bunch of cash TODAY with no advance warning. What sudden bills is one likely to have? A medical bill, perhaps. But hey, just a few weeks ago I had to go to the emergency room with a medical problem, and it's not like they demanded cash on the table before they'd help me. I just got the bill, maybe 3 weeks after the event. I've never decided to move and then actually moved 2 days later. These things take SOME planning. Etc. Second, how much risk are you willing to tolerate? If you have your money in the stock market, the market could go down just as you need the cash. That's not even a worst case scenario, extreme scenario. After all, if the economy gets bad, the stock market could go down, and the same fact could result in your employer laying you off. That said, you could reduce this risk by keeping some of your money in a low-risk investment, like some high-quality bonds. Third, you want to have cash to cover the more modest, routine expenses. Like make sure you always have enough cash on hand to pay the rent or mortgage, buy food, and so on. And fourth, you want to keep a cushion against bookkeeping mistakes. I've had twice in my life that I've overdrawn a checking account, not because I was broke, but because I messed up my records and thought I had more money in the account than I really did. It's impossible to give exact numbers without knowing a lot about your income and expenses. But for myself: I keep a cushion of $1,000 to $1,5000 in my checking account, on top of all regular bills that I know I'll have to pay in the next month, to cover modest unexpected expenses and mistakes. I pay most of my bills by credit card for convenience --and pay the balance in full when I get the bill so I don't pay interest -- so I don't need a lot of cushion. I used to keep 2 to 3 months pay in an account invested in bonds and very safe stocks, something that wouldn't lose much value even in bad times. Since my daughter started college I've run this down to less than 1 months pay, and instead of replacing that money I'm instead putting my spare money into more general stocks, which is admittedly riskier. So between the two accounts I have a little over 2 months pay, which I think is low, but as I say, I'm trying to get my kids through college so I've run down my savings some. I think if I had more than 6 months pay in easily-liquidated assets, then unless I expected to need a bunch of cash for something, buying a new house or some such, I'd be transferring that to a retirement account with tax advantages.
This is a typical scam. Yes, you just got listed with the terrorists as trying to launder money internationally.  Terrorist organizations will try to find someone in the US who will accept deposits from overseas sources then send that money to one of their operatives.  Cooperate with whichever police force comes knocking on your door. Pray that it isn't Homeland Security. They do not need warrants.
The middle class needs support, not eroding. Negative interest rates would work for starters in getting that corporate profit capital moving in society, not this avoidance of responsibility from above by passing the buck to the people. By the same token therefore, voting more is not going to solve things quicker. Why say 'politics will not fix this' and then declare 'vote someone in to change it fast' after throwing a few figures and catchphrases at us? A convoluted, nonsensical waste of time.
"I said ""at least,"" meaning that I narrowed my odds to ""at least"" even odds from the national average of 1/4 college graduates finding a job after school. I wanted to make damn sure I was that one in four. I never had any doubts myself, and I had a backup plan for moving forward if a job didn't materialize."
10 people live in country X in 10 separate households, 5 own their homes and the others rent unrelated property. Home ownership = 50% 10 people live in Country Y in 5 seperate households, 5 own their homes while the others rent from them. Home ownership = 50% One day, person 1 leaves his rented spot in one of the homes to opt for a new home elsewhere. Home ownership = 50%. It doesn't work out, so he moves back in with mom and dad. Home ownership = 50% Where am I making a mistake?
"Correct - I believe in freedom. Just because you ""work"" does not mean you now have the right to put a gun to someone else's head who adds more productivity to the country to take their money. I believe in productive work as that is the only way standard of livings will rise for all. If we had a bunch of people doing non productive work and expecting to make the same as productive work we would all be poor."
I haven't found a drop-in replacement for MS Money, but I've tried a few of the Mac desktop programs. I settled on Iggsoftware's iBank, which seems to do what I need it to do. It also appears to be able to import transactions from MS Money if you export your accounts as QIF files at the MS Money end, but I never tried it.
"Open standards need to be put in place by the open source community (including business interests), codified into a self-hosted option as a first class citizen *by law*, with a final sugar coated offering of hosted options managed by private enterprise. They can use the open source model as much or as little as they want.  With the Equifax scandal, we have little option but to include a ""nerd friendly"" secure version of this software that's available on the government's dime. And by government I mean ""we the people"", not ""big government""."
**Mortimer Sackler**  Mortimer David Sackler (December 7, 1916 – March 24, 2010) was an American physician and entrepreneur. With his brothers, Arthur and Raymond, he used his fortune from the pharmaceutical industry to become a prominent philanthropist.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24
This is opinion, no right or wrong. Two schools of thought, one saying you should aim to be debt free, ASAP, the other suggests that when your borrowing expense is so much lower than expected market return, just keep investing.  With your mortgage, a variable, I trust the payment is recalculated so if you pay down half the loan, it will drop to half when the rate changes and new payment calculated, right? If not, you still have a high payment due until it's paid in full.  Me, I like the flexibility of going with the full term, and saving the money as long as rates are low. Even moderate inflation will make that payment fell like less over time, and there are funds whose dividends are above the mortgage rate. If/when rates rise, you can always pay down aggressively. I'm concerned that you don't have a good sense of your saving goals. You have less than a years income saved for the long term. To replace 80% of your income you need about 20 times your current income, or $4M. Of course, you get to subtract pension income or whatever Canada's social security system is (forgive my ignorance on this).
"Day trading is an attempt to profit on high frequency signal changes. Long term investing profits on low frequency changes. What is the difference? High Frequency Signal = the news of the day. This includes things like an earnings report coming out, panic selling, Jim Cramer pushing his ""buy buy buy"" button, an oil rig blowing up in the ocean, a terrorist attack in some remote region of the globe, a government mandated recall, the fed announcing an interest rate hike, a competitor announcing a new product, hurricanes, cold winters, a new health study on child obesity, some other company in the same sector missing their earnings, etc. Think daily red and green triangles on CNBC: up a buck, down a buck. Low Frequency Signal = The long term effectiveness of a company to produce and sell a product efficiently plus the sum of the high frequency signal over a long period of time. Think 200 day moving average chart of a stock. No fast changes, just, long term trends. Over time, the high frequency changes tend to negate each other. To me, long term investing is wiser because the low frequency signal is dominated by a companies ability to function well over time. That in turn is driven by the effectiveness of its leadership coupled with the skill and motivation of its employees. You are betting on the company and its people. Pseudo-random shorterm forces, which you can't control, play less of a role.  The high frequency signal, on the other hand, is dominated by sporadic and unpredictable forces that typically can't be controlled by the company. It has some tinge of randomness about it. Trying to invest on that random component is not investing at all, it is gambling (akin to ""investing"" in that next coin flip coming up heads) I understand the allure of high frequency trading. Look at the daily chart of a popular stock and focus on the up and down ticks. Mathematically, you could make a killing if you could just stack all those upticks on top of each other. If only it was that easy."
"There isn't really a clear way to answer this question objectively.  I'd offer my opinion that yes it is a good idea. You don't need very much money to start (I began investing on $200). To answer your second question, no there are never any ""sure things.""  Instead on focusing on making money, focus on learning how the markets work. Pick a few companies you know (perhaps in an industry you are familiar with) and buy one or two shares at a time. Watch the prices evolve over time and make note of the changes and always ask the question ""why did it go up/down"". Good luck."
Given your clarifying points, it sounds like you are running both businesses as one combined business. As such, you should be able to get just a single HST number and use that. However, let me please urge you to contact a professional accountant and possibly a lawyer, as it is very unusual to be performing these services without a business license, and you may be exposing yourself to civil penalties and placing your personal assets (e.g. your house) at risk. Additionally, it may be beneficial for you to run these as businesses as you can likely write off (more of) your expenses.
There are several factors that you need to consider: If you have already decided on the house.  Did you prequalify for the mortgage loan - If so, did you lock in the rate. If you have not already done than your research is still valid. Consider two calculators first - Affordability + Mortgage calculator Advice :  If you can afford to pay 20% down then please do, Lesser monthly mortgage payment, you can save approx 400 $ per month, the above calculator will give you an exact idea. If you can afford go for 15 years loan - Lower interest rate over 2-5 years period. Do not assume the average ROI will + 8-10%. It all depends on market and has variable factors like city, area and demand.  In terms of Income your interest payment is Tax deductible at the end of the year.
FI funds don't always drop in rising rate environments, and can outperform thanks to simple bond math and the way the indexes are built.  It's one of the places where it's very easy to argue in favour of some form of active management.
If I needed a safe-ish way to bank a lot of cash in vegas I'd exchange for high value chips at the local gambling establishments.  I have to imagine that's being done already for other less than legal enterprises.
Siri suffers from it working too well, I think. Yes, speech to text and text to speech is a relatively solved problem. But. That's only half of what Siri is doing.   When it translates your speech to text, it then transmits the text to servers that, in only seconds, parse the *meaning* of the text. That's a lot harder.   I tell Siri to set trimmers or remind me of things at certain times, etc. the brilliance of Siri is it understands what I meant in addition to what I said.
Actually the article seems to just constantly note the contradictions in findings saying that things may or may not be because of the wage increase, or maybe some other economic indicator.  So ... basically, pointless article with a click bait title.
Here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content:   * [You're more likely to achieve the American dream if you live in Denmark](https://www.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/6zxabb/youre_more_likely_to_achieve_the_american_dream/) on /r/neoliberal with 1 karma (created at 2017-09-14 00:23:51 by xc89[author of both threads])   ----    ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot  ^^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index)-[Code](https://github.com/PokestarFan/DuplicateBot)-[Bugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypgmx/bugs_and_problems/)-[Suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypg85/suggestion_for_duplicatesbot/)-[Block](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index#wiki_block_bot_from_tagging_on_your_posts)
"I am confused how you spin an ""infinite mileage warranty"" into something negative.  Even if they have found powertrain failures (to your point)... they are handling it and their customers about as well as anyone could.  Yes, it is good PR because that in-turn will increase sales / revenues / profits.  What company doesn't want to do that?  Perhaps you're in the anti-Tesla circle-jerk?"
This just happened to me with a Wells Fargo Bill Pay check.  WF put a stop payment on the check. The money was taken out of my account immediately yet it is going to take 3-5 days to reappear in the account.  I question these banking practices.  Georgia Bank and Trust Company of GA does not do this.  The Bill Pay check is processed just like a hand written check; when the check clears the bank your account is debited. If it is an Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) then the money does come out of your account immediately, of course. These are acceptable banking practices to me.  I will be closing the Wells Fargo account.
Good journalism is expensive. Used to be, advertisers footed the bill for it. Not that way anymore, and regular people don't want to pay what good journalism costs -- they can't, actually, since it would be unaffordable. I really don't see a solution for journalism's survival, and it's really a shame.
The income and recurring costs will be shown at the end of each year, however the initial cost is recorded at the time they are incurred meaning at t=0 (Jan 2014) The first net profits/loss of 658500 is recorded at the end of Dec 2014 (t=1) And the remaining four ones at the end of 2015 (t=2) 2016 (t=3) 2017 (t=4) 2018 (t=5) -8000000 658500  658500 658500 658500 6658500 t=0) -8000000 t=1) 658500 t=2) 658500 t=3) 658500  t=4) 658500  t=5) 6658500
"Question 2 Some financial institutions can provide a way to invest small amounts with low or no cost fees over a period of time (like monthly, weekly, etc).  For instance, a few brokerages have a way to buy specific ETFs for no cost (outside of the total expense ratio). Question 3 When someone says that investing is like buying a lottery ticket, they are comparing an event that almost always has at least a 99.9% of no return (large winnings) to an event that has much better odds.  Even if I randomly pick a stock in the S&P 500 and solely invest in it, over the course of a given year, I do not face a 99.9% chance of losing everything. So comparing the stock market to a lottery, unless a specific lottery has much better odds (keep in mind that some of these jackpots have a 99.9999999% of no return) is not the same.  Unfortunately, nothing truly safe exists - risk may mutate, but it's always present; instead, the probability of something being safe and (or) generating a return may be true for a given period of time, while in another given period of time, may become untrue. One may argue that holding cash is safer than buying an index fund (or stock, ETF, mutual fund, etc), and financially that may be true over a given period of time (for instance, the USD beat the SPY for the year of 2008).  Benjamin Franklin, per a biography I'm reading, argued that the stock market was superior to gold (from the context, it sounds like the cash of his day) because of what the stock market represents: essentially you're betting on the economic output of workers.  It's like saying, in an example using oil, that I believe that even though oil becomes a rare resource in the long run, human workers will find an alternative to oil and will lead to better living standards for all of us. Do civilizations like the Mongolian, Roman, and Ottoman empires collapse?  Yes, and would holding the market in those days fail?  Yes.  But cash and gold might be useless too because we would still need someone to exchange goods with and we would need to have the correct resources to do so (if everyone in a city owns gold, gold has little value).  The only ""safe bet"" in those days would be farming skill, land, crops and (or) livestock because even without trading, one could still provide some basic necessities."
Credit cards also take a cut.  Canada's interac system (use your bank card at the POS to instantly transfer money from your bank to the store) costs merchants 15 cents per transaction.  Visa and Mastercard charge about 3% per transaction.  They justify this by saying that cards encourage people to spend more and stores can make bigger sales.  With cash, I am limited to what's in my pocket, but with visa or interac, if something is just a little more expensive than I'd planned on spending, it's no big deal, I just swipe the card, type my pin and have the product.  If the option is between a sale -x%, or no sale at all, the former beats the latter.  Square is offering a service that is convenient as hell, and they make it very easy to set up and use.  Convenience and ease of use are something that people are willing to pay for.
MoneyGram said that the person sending money should also be an Indian. There shouldn't be any such restriction. Can you check again what exactly the issue was? Is there another way so I can get money without any problem. You can try Bank Transfers or alternative remittance like Western Union
"Yeah, it's one thing for the buzzfeeds to collapse some thread into a listicle, but I certainly find it outrageous for someone to just steal an OP's post and put it elsewhere, and even more egregious in this case since it starts out ""A while back **I**..."""
&gt; Example abound of rich kids who don't pan out and poor kids who make it.  This is not really very true.  Social mobility is not so common - if you're born in the poorest or riches 1% or 10% of the population, the chances are you'll spend your whole life in that demographic.  Figures are not so easy to come by on these particular margins, but it's easy to find studies that show 42 percent of American men raised in the bottom fifth of incomes stay there as adults, whilst just 8 percent rise to the top fifth. [[cite](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socio-economic_mobility_in_the_United_States)] Yet it's really the poorest 1% and 10% we should be thinking about, and comparing them to the richest 1% and 10%, when we ask how fair our society is. They are surely less socially mobile.   Meanwhile, [UK statistics](http://www.lonegunman.co.uk/2009/12/11/statistics-on-social-mobility-and-belief-systems/):  * Pri­vately edu­cated can­di­dates account for 7 per cent of the pop­u­la­tion, but occupy more than half of the top pro­fes­sional jobs. * 75 per cent of judges, 45 per cent of senior civil ser­vants, and a third of MPs are pri­vately educated. * More than 4 in 10 places and Oxford and Cam­bridge go to pri­vately edu­cated candidates. * 30 per cent of chil­dren on free school meals do not get good GCSEs. * Of stu­dents get­ting 3 As at A-Level, just 0.5 per cent were eli­gi­ble for free school meals.
I prefer the TD Gold Elite Visa issued by TD Canada Trust.  The card offers a 1% cash back reward, and I can completely avoid the annual fee by maintaining a minimum balance in my TD bank account.  In addition to the 1% cash back, other features that I like on the card are: There are some other features (see complete list here), but those are the ones I care about. I used to carry both Aeroplan and Air Miles type of reward cards, but when I wanted to book a flight and discovered the hassle involved, the value of travel points evaporated as far as I was concerned.  I also decided I would never again pay an annual fee to earn rewards; it's counter-productive.
"At least in the US, a Cashier's Check is just like a regular personal check - only it's guaranteed by the bank itself, so the person accepting it can be pretty certain the check won't be returned for insufficient funds...if the check is genuine! Most banks therefore have a policy for cashier's checks that is very similar to their policies on regular checks and money orders: if you are a member with an account in good standing, they'll make all or part of the money available to you according to their fund availability policy, which is usually anywhere from ""immediately"" to 7-10 days. With amounts over $5,000, banks will tend to put a hold on the funds to ensure it clears and they get their money. If you are not a member then many banks will refuse to cash the check at all, unless the cashier's check is drawn on on that brand of bank. So if the cashier's check is issued by, say, Chase Bank, Chase banks will usually be willing to cash out the entire check to you immediately (with properly provided ID). Because the bank is guaranteed by them they are able to check their system and ensure the check is real and can clear the check instantly. This policy isn't just up to individual banks entirely, as it is defined by United States federal banking policies and federal regulations on availability of funds. If you really must cash the check without a holding period and won't/can't have a bank account of your own to perform this, then you will generally need to go into a branch of the bank that is guaranteeing the check to be able to cash it out fully right away. Note that since the check might be issued by a bank with no branch near you, you should have a back-up plan. Generally banks will allow you to setup a special/limited savings-only account to deposit your check, even if you don't have a checking account, so if no other option works you might try that as well. The funds availability policies are the same, but at least you'll be able to cash it generally in 10 days time (and then close the account and withdraw your money)."
The expense ratio reduces the return of the ETF; your scenario of paying 100.0015 is that of a load.  Most (all?) ETFs can be bought without paying a load (sales charge as a percent of amount invested), and some ETFs can be bought without paying a brokerage fee (fixed or variable charge for a buy transaction just like buying any other stock  through the brokerage) because the brokerage has waived it.  Your broker  might charge fees for both buying and selling shares in an ETF, but in any case, this is quite separate from the expense ratio.
As an F1 student, I have been investing (and occasionally buying and selling within few weeks) for several years, and I have never had problems (of course I report to IRS gains/losses every year at tax time). On the other hand, the officer in charge of foreign students at my school advised me to not run ads on a website and make a profit. So, it seems to me that investing is perfectly legit for a F1 student, as it's not considered a business activity. That's obviously my personal understanding, you may want to speak with an immigration attorney to be on the safe side.
"In many ways their business model wasn't different than Keurig (and I'm sure that's how this was pitched: ""We're going to be the K-Pods of Juice and make Billions!""), it's just all timing and execution. If you look at any of the many YouTube teardowns of the Juicero it was pretty obvious that they were if anything _losing_ money on each juicer sale.  The industrial design of the machine itself was executed in such a way that it was just incredibly expensive to manufacture. Beyond that we certainly seem to be in the midst of a large scale shift in eating habits. Where low carb diets were once pretty faddish, it's becoming more and more predominant and it doesn't get much more tall glass of carbs than juice."
"&gt; President Trump killed the TPP? Yes, or no?  No, [the TPP was declared politically dead before President Trump was elected](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/09/29/mcconnell-the-trans-pacific-partnership-is-dead-until-a-president-revives-it/?utm_term=.73c9a7fbea04).  He did sign an executive order officially withdrawing but it had little meaning since the bill never had or was going to get congressional ratification.  &gt; President Trump is killing and NAFTA and actively against it? Yes, or no?  No, although candidate Trump was strongly against the trade deal [President Trump has decided to ""renegotiate"" it](http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/26/politics/trump-nafta/index.html).  Preliminary glimpses of what this means [does not look anything like killing NAFTA or helping American workers](https://www.thenation.com/article/trumps-renegotiation-of-nafta-is-starting-to-look-a-lot-like-the-tpp/).  &gt; President Trump reduced immigration? Yes or no?  No, at least not yet although [he has proposed legislation to do so](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/08/02/president-donald-j-trump-backs-raise-act).  &gt; President Trump reduced and kill many regulations? Yes or no?  Yes on this one but [almost all were put in place by the Obama administration and many hadn't even taken effect yet](https://townhall.com/tipsheet/leahbarkoukis/2017/07/20/trump-admin-war-on-regulations-paid-off-n2357693).  &gt; President Trump invests in infrastructure? Yes, or no?  No, while President Trump has promised $1 trillion in infrastructure spending [nothing has actually been produced except a bill that stripped transportation funding programs](https://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2017/08/07/business/07reuters-usa-municipals-infrastructure.html).  &gt; Presider Trump pull out from Wars, e.g. the CIA program to ""support the rebels in Syria""? Yes or no?  No, although you are right Trump stopped the support of Syrian rebels [he started to arm the Syrian Kurds](http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/10/middleeast/syria-us-turkey-trump-arms-kurds/index.html) and don't forget [he got directly involved in the war](http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/06/politics/donald-trump-syria-military/index.html)."
It's the buying and selling of the stock that causes the fluctuation in prices, not the news. People buy and sell all the time, and not just for newsworthy reasons.  They may have to send a child to college, or fix a roof, etc.  Or they may be technical traders looking for signals.  All kinds of reasons.
It's a big dance. Share price will go up or down based on a number of factors, many that have nothing to do with the company operations. If a CEO fixates on quarterly returns, that will cause long-term investors to want that CEO replaced, or to sell their shares. Unless a CEO is weak and can't explain the business to shareholders he shouldn't need to focus on quarterlies. If he does then shareholders short and long will take advantage of the bump in price to exit, thus depressing the valuation. Then new money comes in after CEO is replaced.
"Just to be clear to start, beta is a statistical property.  So if your beta is 0.8 over a period of time.  Stock X moved on average 0.8 for a point move in the index. We might hope this property is persistent and it seems to be fairly persistent (predictable) but it doesn't have to be. Also it is important to note this is not a lag in time.  Beta is a measure of the average size of a move in the stock at the same time as a move in the index.  In your example both the stock and index are measured at end of day.  You can say that the stock ""lags"" behind the index because it doesn't grow as quickly as the market when the market is growing, but this is not a lag in time just a lag in magnitude.   People do occasionally calculate betas between a stock and lagged in time market prices, but this is not the commonly used meaning of beta.  This might actually be a more useful measure as then you could bet on the future of the stock given what happened today in the market, but these ""betas"" tend to be much more unstable than the synchronized version and hard to trade on. When you calculated beta you choose a time scale, in this case daily.  So if your calculation is on a day-to-day basis then you have only tested the relationship on a day-to-day basis not, for instance, on a week-to-week basis.  Now day-to-day and week-to-week betas are often related and are generally reasonably close but they do not have to be.  There can be longer term effects only picked up on the longer scale.   Stock X could day-to-day with a (average) beta of 1 to the stock market, but could have even a negative beta year-to-year with the market if the stock is counter-cyclical to longer scale trends on the market.  So beta can change with the time scale used in the calculation."
The partnership agrees to pay each of you salaries and/or bonuses, typically based on the net profit brought in. You do have a legal document setting out the rules for this partnership, right? If so, the exact answer should be in there. If you don't or it isn't, you need a lawyer yesterday.
I think it's pretty clear they need a quality smart phone line since that's almost all people are buying anymore.  I don't know why they aren't making Android phones other than the market is already saturated and it's hard to stand out. The Windows Phone is almost certainly their best bet, but can they hang in there until MS's push to the win8 platform. If they can I expect the Windows Phone to do very well. Most Joe Consumers will be like OH well I have windows at home so I know that, and I doubt it will be any less intuitive than the Android interface or any more boring than the iPhone interface.
The same as you would save for anything else, buget and make sure your expenses are less than your income each week. Put away a little each week for the item you want to buy, and when you have saved up enough for the item you can buy it. In the mean time whilst you are saving for it, you can shop around to see where you can buy it at the lowest price.
**[Online advertising](http://www.makeyouradvertisement.com/)** is all around us. Sometimes it's specific, and sometimes it's in your experience. Sometimes it's valuable, and sometimes it's aggravating. As the web regularly become a free assistance, provided only by causes, so too does the designed side-effect of Online advertising. The purpose of this post is to discover the art of Online advertising by looking at people thought with respect to both the group and causes.
I believe it.  Violin lessons - $5k/year Piano lessons - $5K/year Sports - $5k/year (or more) daycare/kindergarten - $10-20-?/year (depending on where you live) private school (or higher taxes if you want a decent public school) - ??? a lot...   and either one of the parents has to go part time and lose income,you you have to hire someone to help (just taking kids to all the lessons is a second job...)
"I think Congress needs to spend less, there's likely billions of dollars in the budget that are unnecessary/could be used better. Second, my comment was to simplify the corporate tax code and make more income taxable (thus removing the ""tax cuts"" you mentioned)."
As a general rule of thumb, and assuming you have a choice, my advice is to pay cash for things things that depreciate, expenses, and consumables. Consider credit (even if you have cash) for things that will appreciate in value or generate cash flow. That is, use credit as leverage.
"&gt; That's the fault of the consumer misunderstanding then.   Actually, no it's not. It's intentionally misleading, and any reasonable person you ask about this will say it's crazy and/or should be illegal.   If it's not intentionally misleading, then why not put the truth: ""50% chicken, 50% filler"" in large, friendly letters on the front?   And we both know the answer to that question."
The question is always one of whether people think they can reliably predict that the option will be a good bet. The closer you get to its expiration, the easier it is to make that guess and the less risk there is. That may either increase or decrease the value of the option.
"I'm really surprised at the answers here. Claims/year per region isn't a statistic that is meaningful here... you need to think about the risk factors and the purpose of the insurance. First, what does title insurance do? It protects you against defects in the deed -- defects that may crop up and mean that your mortgage is no longer valid. This is different from most forms of insurance -- the events that render your title invalid are events that may have happened years, decades or even centuries ago. A big part of the insurance policy and its cost is conducting research to assess the validity of a deed. The whole point of the insurance is to reduce claims by improving data associated with the ""chain of custody"" of the property. So how do you evaluate the risk of finding out about something that happened a long time ago, that nobody appears to know about? IMO, you have to think about risk factors that increase the probability that things were screwed up in the past: You need to have an informed discussion with your attorney and figure out if it makes sense for you. Don't dismiss it out of hand."
At SMSGATEWAYHUB operates under the firm “SUN Mobile Marketing” and is located in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. We believe in customer satisfaction as topmost priority above anything or everything. We’re couple of dedicated individuals striving hard to deliver bulk sms service at best rates ever possible without compromising the quality. Sales : +91-731-6452444, +91-731-6450666 Support : +91-731-6007555 Email: support@smsgatewayhub.com
So let me see if I'm following.  You're only vaguely aware of the situation, unaware of the person we're discussing, and don't even seem to have read the article.   Why do you think your opinion holds weight? Sure, we could come up with a hypothetical where this makes sense, but that has nothing to do with the situation at hand.
Which was why I gave the example of the PA recognized waiver for leases.  PA landlord/tenant law requires 10 day notice to be given to the tenant prior to filing a court action.  PA courts have recognized, for decades, that this right can be waived.  Waiving your right to notice has been one of the standard clauses in PA leases for well over 3 decades.
The simplest way is you transfer the funds into your NRE account in India. From the NRE account transfer the funds to your brother-in-law and show the purpose as Loan. From 2012 onwards RBI has simplified things under FMEA and your brother-in-law can deposit/repay the loan back into the NRE account. Once the funds are in NRE account you can repatriate then whenever you like. This entire process requires less paperwork. The option you have suggested is also fine, however your brother-in-law needs to engage the services of a CA and he will authenticate the purpose of remittance to the Bank. Based on this certificate the Bank will transfer the funds outside of India.
Large volume just means a lot of market participants believe they know where the stock price will be (after some amount of time).  The fact that the price is not moving just means that about 50% of those really confident traders think the stock will be moving up, and about 50% of those really confident traders think the stock will be moving down.
You question is a bit scary to me. You show $2100 rent, and let's even assume that's 100%, i.e. never a vacancy. (Rule of thumb is 10% vacancy. Depending on area, a tenant may stay a year, but when they leave, you might need to have a bit of maintenance and miss 2 months rent) You count the mortgage and taxes, and are left with $500/mo. Where is the list of ongoing expenses? I suggest you put that $500/mo into a separate account and let us know a year from now if anything is left. To Anthony's point. I agree 100%, no one can tell you everything you need to know. But, whatever my answer, or his, other members with experience (similar or different) will add to this, and in the end you'll have a great overview. The truth is that it's easy for me to sit here and see what you may be missing. By the way, if you look at the 'rules of thumb' they will make your head spin. There are those who say the target is for the rent to be 2% of the value of the house. But, there are markets where this will never happen. There's another rule that says the expenses (besides mort/tax) should be planned at 50% of the rent, i.e. you should put aside $1000/mo for expenses over the long term. The new house will be lower of course, but in years past year 10 or so, this number will start to look reasonable.
I suppose I wouldn't have a choice in that case, assuming I hadn't packed a lunch like so many people seem to do for some odd reason...fortunately, even in that case, I am presented with choices other than McCrapples, some of which is actually edible.
The value premium would state the opposite in fact if one looks at the work of Fama and French. The Investment Entertainment Pricing Theory (INEPT) shows a graph with the rates on small-cap/large-cap and growth/value combinations that may be of interest as well for another article noting the same research. Index fund advisors in Figure 9-1 shows various historical returns up to 2012 that may also be useful here for those wanting more detailed data. How to Beat the Benchmark is from 1998 that could be interesting to read about index funds and beating the index in a simpler way.
If you're talking about an ETF trading on Arca, it's probably because of the opening auction: The match price is the price that maximizes the volume that can be executed within the Auction Collars. The Core Open Auction will use the match price closest to the closing price of the previous trading day (based on normal market hours) if more than one indicative match price is valid. The core opening auction doesn't really take the opening session activity into account, as you can see - the market runs an auction and whatever price clears the most volume, within certain limits, is the opening print.
I have sold cars before to individuals and always just received cash.  I would think as long as the amount is less than $10,000.00 and the buyer is serious they will get there with the cash.  Of course there is no possible way to guarantee the cash will not be counterfeit.
&gt; Microsoft’s chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, called Windows 8 “the beginning of a new era at Microsoft.”   I'm glad he said that, because it seems like Uncle Fester hasn't been right about anything since taking over.
Contrary to most other advise given here, I'd recommend (in your situation) not to invest in stock (yet). There are some 'hidden' cost to investing that will eat your profit and in the end, that's why you are investing. Banks will charge for buying, selling and maintaining stock as well as for cashing dividends. Depending on which bank or intermediary these costs will rise. So, my advise is to start playing with stock creating a virtual portfolio and track that. Just as duffbeer says, start saving. Also look at my answer here.
Not by you. Your bank might have to fill some reports for the IRS, but for the customer, nothing needs to be done. As long as the money is not income from illegal activity you don't need to worry about it.
I'd say that the assets are 'invested' in non-productive sectors of the economy such as the finance sector. Also in pure market speculation and in revolving corporate acquisitions which inflate the nominal money supply but don't increase either physical production or services delivered by one thimble or one minute.
If you have a trailer, you know how difficult it can be to tow a trailer safely and easily using standard factory equipment. If you are looking to improve your towing capability, and ensure that your trip is safe, you need to check out Hayman Reese tow bars and other safety equipment.
&gt;“We want to help the people who may transition to a new job as a result of our technology the best way we know how: education.”  &gt;As new technology destroys one kind of job, it creates opportunities for others. We’ll need fewer line cooks, they say, but more engineers and technicians. The problem isn’t that jobs are lost on net, it’s the resulting skills gap. Transitioning into new work can be difficult to navigate, especially for low-wage workers.  The argument that automation will only result in different jobs bothers me. Of course there will be a net loss in jobs. If replacing line cooks with robots results in an equal number of (higher paid) technicians and engineers, why spend the capital to replace the cheaper line cooks in the first place?  The problem *is* that the jobs lost are net.
Imaging driving a bicycle turned backwards, steering it with the steering wheel in the back, while trying to keep to the center of the road. Just keeping going down the road requires a huge degree of control, and constant small adjustments... If you get it trouble, and turn the wheel in the wrong direction, the trouble increases exponentially, ending in a huge crash.  Now the swirling road is futures market, the bicycle is your account, turning the steering wheel left and right is going long or short futures, with steering wheel angle being your position size.
&gt;This is a socially good and useful function  I think that is highly dependant on how the corporation operates. If it leads to lower employment (for example by destroying most independent coffee shops) and the expatriation of profits then how is it good for a country? Corporate desire for profits goes far beyond capitalism into systematic illegal behaviour, it is the standard and is only altered when they're caught for a specific behaviour.
Phones set to automatically pick the carrier/network will go bounce around a lot internationally (probably due to signal strength). The phones probably saw the other networks providing stronger signal and so they switched. Manually picking the network should prevent this from happening, unless the network has towers on both sides of the border, then there's something fishy going on.   I'm not sure if Verizon does it, but AT&amp;T messages you when you go somewhere not in your plan and tells you how much it will cost to use data and call. That could have alerted these people to the issue before they were charged hundreds of dollars.
lol @ savings accounts.  I don't use savings accounts. I just use checking for liquidity and invest everything else. Now if you have a job that prohibits trading on your own account that's understandable but if you have the knowledge might as well use it and make some $$$
While the standard measure of inflation, the CPI, has [severe problems](https://www.forbes.com/sites/perianneboring/2014/02/03/if-you-want-to-know-the-real-rate-of-inflation-dont-bother-with-the-cpi/), there are still a huge range of inflation statistics from the various M values to specific commodity prices. Regardless of the relative value of any of these, stealing pension funds is immoral, evil, and destabilizing.
Yeah, not to disparage solar, but solar.  It's not a good idea to have government pick winners and losers.  Without government picking oil decades ago we'd probably have solar already, without subsidies.  Without government picking automobiles (via government built interstate highways) we'd probably have a robust high speed passenger rail system.
I used a large portion of my 401k to pay off my credit card.  My intentions were to then use my extra cash flow to build up the 401k again.  Unfortunately I didn't learn my lesson and now I'm back to where I started, minus my 401k savings.  If I could do it again, I would have cut up the card, kept the 401k and pay it down slowly.  Good luck to you.  I hope you do better than I did.
Yes, it is a very good idea to start your credit history early.  It sounds like you have a good understanding of the appropriate use of credit, as a substitute for cash rather than a supplement to income.  As long as you keep your expenses under control and pay off your card each month, I see no problems with the idea. Try to find a card with no annual fees, a low interest rate if possible (which will be difficult at your age), and with some form of rewards such as cash back.  Look for a reputable issuing bank, and keep the account open even after you get a new card down the road.  Your credit score is positively correlated with having an account open for a long time, having a good credit usage to credit limit ratio, and having accounts in good standing and paid on time.
Vinyl is to hipsters as ceramic figurines are to old women.  I played vinyl when I was a kid, since that's all there was back then.  I got back into it several years ago, when you could still find good used records for under $1.  Those are all gone now.  You're paying $30-$40 for poorly pressed new records.  It's not worth it.  A few years ago I started buying used CDs.  They're selling for 25¢ to $1 these days.  CDs are - objectively and scientifically - better than records.  Look here if you don't believe me:   http://wiki.hydrogenaud.io/index.php?title=Myths_(Vinyl)  I rip CDs to my server and select music using my tablet as a remote control.  It's pretty wonderful.  Oh yeah, I'm putting all those CDs into deep storage.  When the hipsters start going wild over vintage CDs about ten years from now, I'm going to sell them all and buy a nice new car.
It feels a bit like the entire system needs an overhaul, one wonders if a more automated economy and rising presence of AI will enable it or be an ethical barrier. It seems there's poor long-term planning for these sorts of issues where UBI is a last-ditch fix for a system that's no longer working for the working class.
"You've got it nailed down mostly and you found some really good insightful articles to help you understand the context here.  Dont misunderstand this... This issue is extremely complicated.  The one thing you are I think misunderstanding is that ""closing loopholes"" is a turn key solution and it really isn't. Loopholes are an extremely ambiguous term there's no list of loopholes out there to chase down and regulate for.  And even if there was once they were killed more would sprout up.  Most of the commenters here want to instead disincentivize loophole chasing by making the corp tax rate equal to those of other countries and removing repatriation tax so money made abroad can be brought back to the US."
"All right, I will try to take this nice and slow. This is going to be a little long; try to bear with me. Suppose you contribute $100 to your newly opened 401(k). You now have $100 in cash and $0 in mutual funds in your 401(k) (and $100 less than you used to somewhere else). At some later date, you use that money within the 401(k) to buy a single share of the Acme World All-Market Index Fund which happens to trade at exactly $100 per share on the day your purchase goes through. As a result, you have $0 in cash and exactly one share of that fund (corresponding to $100) within your 401(k). Some time later, the price of the fund is up 10%, so your share is now worth $110. Since you haven't contributed anything more to your 401(k) for whatever reason, your cash holding is still $0. Because your holding is really denominated in shares of this mutual fund, of which you still have exactly one, the cash equivalent of your holding is now $110. Now, you can basically do one of two things: By selling the share, you protect against it falling in price, thus in a sense ""locking in"" your gain. But where do you put the money instead? You obviously can't put the money in anything else that might fall in price; doing so would mean that you could lose a portion of your gains. The only way to truly ""lock in"" a gain is to remove the money from your investment portfolio altogether. Roughly speaking, that means withdrawing the money and spending it. (And then you have to consider if the value of what you spent the money on can fluctuate, and as a consequence, fall. What's the value of that three weeks old jug of milk in the back of your refrigerator?) The beauty of compounding is that it doesn't care when you bought an investment. Let's say that you kept the original fund, which was at $110. Now, since that day, it is up another 5%. Since we are looking at the change of price of the fund over some period of time, that's 5% of $110, not 5% of the $100 you bought at (which was an arbitrary point, anyway). 5% of $110 is $5.50, which means that the value of your holding is now at $115.50 from a gain first of 10% followed by another 5%. If at the same day when the original fund was at $110 you buy another $100 worth of it, the additional 5% gain is realized on the sum of the two at the time of the purchase, or $210. Thus after the additional 5% gain, you would have not $210 (($100 + $100) + 5%), nor $205 (($100 + 5%) + $100), but $220.50 (($110 + $100) + 5%). See how you don't need to do anything in particular to realize the beauty of compounding growth? There is one exception to the above. Some investments pay out dividends, interest or equivalent in cash equivalents. (Basically, deposit money into an account of yours somewhere; in the case of retirement plans, usually within the same container where you are holding the investment. These dividends are generally not counted against your contribution limits, but check the relevant legal texts if you want to be absolutely certain.) This is somewhat uncommon in mutual funds, but very common in other investments such as stocks or bonds that you purchase directly (which you really should not do if you are just starting out and/or feel the need to ask this type of question). In that case, you need to place a purchase order yourself for whatever you want to invest the dividend in. If you don't, then the extra money of the dividend will not be growing along with your original investment."
First thing that popped into my head was tanning salons.  You can be a member at differing levels of service (for different qualities of tanning beds) and you can also pay a one-time fee at an inflated price.  Basically, for the price of three (services) you could have unlimited access (to beds of the same type) by paying up front for a month.  All memberships in this arena come with pages of legal contract to sign, so having training in place for the documentation of this is important.  Enrolling individuals during peak business hours can be labor intensive, so prices insentivize individuals to 1) return hassle-free for more services and 2) pay all at once for said services.
&gt; She did nothing to fix it.  You cannot really say that.  She took some shots.  I think she did a bad job, but she also seemed to slow the freefall of poorly managed company that never seemed to know what it wanted to become.
For the record, I am the original question-asker and I'm reporting back to say that the approach described in the accepted answer did not work. I am adding a new answer, rather than commenting on the accepted answer, because of the length of explanation required. I applied for an ITIN by filing a W-7 with all appropriate documentation, including a birth certificate, death certificate, and consular recognition of birth abroad (i.e., proof of U.S. citizenship). The IRS rejected the application, saying that people who are eligible for SSNs can't have ITINs. That placed me in an untenable situation, because even though the IRS said she was eligible for an SSN, the Social Security Administration said they never issue SSNs to dead people as a matter of policy.  So: Insult was added to injury. It is true that I should have applied for an SSN while she was alive, in which case it would have been a simple matter. I just paid the extra tax that was due because of her not counting as a dependent during the years for which I was filing. The amount was not worth fighting over further, or renouncing my U.S. citizenship.  Moral of story: Live, in all ways, as if there is no guarantee your children will be alive tomorrow. Because there is no such guarantee.
"Thanks for your question Dai. The circumstances under which these buyouts can occur is based on the US takeover code and related legislation, as well as the laws of the state in which the company is incorporated. It's not actually the case that a company such as Dell needs to entice or force every shareholder to sell. What is salient is the conditions under which the bidder can acquire a controlling interest in the target company and effect a merger. This usually involves acquiring at least a majority of the outstanding shares. Methods of Acquisition The quickest way for a company to be acquired is the ""One Step"" method. In this case, the bidder simply calls for a shareholder vote. If the shareholders approve the terms of the offer, the deal can go forward (excepting any legal or other impediments to the deal). In the ""Two-Step"" method, which is the case with Dell, the bidder issues a ""tender offer"" which you mentioned, where the current shareholders can agree to sell their shares to the bidder, usually at a premium. If the bidder secures the acceptance of 90% of the shares, they can immediately go forward with what is called a ""short form"" merger, and can effect the merger without ever calling for a shareholder meeting or vote. Any stockholders that hold out and do not want to sell are ""squeezed out"" once the merger has been effected, but retain the right to redeem their outstanding shares at the valuation of the tender offer. In the case you mentioned, if shareholders controlling 25% of the shares (not necessarily 25% of the shareholders) were to oppose the tender offer, there would be serveral alternatives. If the bidder did not have at least 51% of the shares secured, they would likely either increase the valuation of the tender offer, or choose to abandon the takeover. If the bidder had 51% or more of the shares secured, but not 90%, they could issue a proxy statement, call for a shareholder meeting and a vote to effect the merger. Or, they could increase the tender offer in order to try to secure 90% of the shares in order to effect the short form merger. If the bidder is able to secure even 51% of the shares, either through the proxy or by way of a controlling interest along with a consortium of other shareholders, they are able to effect the merger and squeeze out the remaining shareholders at the price of the tender offer (majority rules!). Some states' laws specify additional circumstances under which the bidder can force the current shareholders to exchange their shares for cash or converted shares, but not Delaware, where Dell is incorporate. There are also several special cases. With a ""top-up"" provision, if the company's board/management is in favor of the merger, they can simply issue more and more shares until the bidder has acquired 90% of the total outstanding shares needed for the ""short form"" merger. Top-up provisions are very common in cases of a tender offer. If the board/management opposes the merger, this is considered a ""hostile"" takover, and they can effect ""poison pill"" measures which have the opposite effect of a ""top-up"" and dilute the bidders percent of outstanding shares. However, if the bidder can secure 51% of the shares, they can simply vote to replace the current board, who can then replace the current management, such that the new board and management will put into place whatever provisions are amenable to the bidder. In the case of a short form merger or a vote to effect a merger, the shareholders who do not wish to sell have the right to sell at the tender price, or they can oppose the deal on legal grounds by arguing that the valuation of the tender offer is materially unfair. However, there are very few cases which I'm aware of where this type of challenge has been successful. However, they do not have the power to stop the merger, which has been agreed to by the majority of the shareholders. This is similar to how when the president is elected, the minority voters can't stop the new president from being inaugurated, or how you can be affected if you own a condo and the condo owners' association votes to change the rules in a way you don't like. Tough luck for you if you don't like it! If you want more detail, I'd recommend checking out a web guide from 2011 here as well as related articles from the Harvard Law blog here. I hope that helps!"
In the short term the market is a popularity contest In the short run which in value investing time can extend even to many years, an equity is subject to the vicissitudes of the whims by every scale of panic and elation. This can be seen by examining the daily chart of any large cap equity in the US.  Even such large holdings can be affected by any set of fear and greed in the market and in the subset of traders trading the equity. Quantitatively, this statement means that equities experience high variance in the short rurn. in the long term [the stock market] is a weighing machine In the long run which in value investing time can extend to even multiple decades, an equity is more or less subject only to the variance of the underlying value. This can be seen by examining the annual chart of even the smallest cap equities over decades.  An equity over such time periods is almost exclusively affected by its changes in value. Quantitatively, this statement means that equities experience low variance in the long run.
Money is no longer backed by gold. It's backed by the faith and credit of the issuing government. A new country,say, will first trade goods for dollars or other currency, so its ownership of gold is irrelevant. Its currency will trade at a value based on supply/demand for that currency. If it's an unstable currency, inflating too quickly, the exchange rate will reflect that as well.  More than that your question kind of mixes a number of issues, loosely related. First is the gold question, second, the question of currency exchange rates and they are derived, with an example of a new country. Both interesting, but distinct processes.
If you're creating an S-Corp for consulting services that you personally are going to provide, what would it give her to have 50% of the corporation when you're dead? Not to mention that you can just add it to your will that the corporation stock will go to her, and it will be much better (IMHO, talk to a professional) since she'll be getting stepped-up basis. Why aren't you talking to a professional before making decisions? It doesn't sound like a good way to conduct business.
a great piece dedicated to all secured business loan applicants out there. it offers information on what entrepreneurs should look for in start up financing deals to ensure that the lines of credit they will take out will surely suit the needs and budget of their respective shops and stores.
Like others mentioned you need to look at the big picture. Personally I'm not a fan of insurance based investments. They tend to have horrible track records and you're locked it and paying way to much money for them. I had one for a number of years and when I finally cancelled it I pulled out almost the exact amount I put in. So it basically grew at either zero or negative interest for 5+ years.  I ended up buying Term Life and took the difference and invested it in a Roth 401K. Much better use of my money. The reason why insurance people push these policies so hard is that they make insane commission on it over 2-3 years (I asked my insurance guy about it and he admitted that, plus doing some research you'll find that out as well). Hope this helps somewhat.
"It's just a rule of thumb, and so it's done from gross to make it easy. If you make $3300 a month, and spent $1000 a month on rent, you're at the limit of what you can afford. It's not like if it's 30.0001% you're screwed but if it's 29.999% everything's fine. Some rents won't include things (wifi, cable, utilities) that others do. Some locations will require you to spend more on transportation. So the real ""ok"" range is quite wide. But if you're at 60% of gross on rent, you literally cannot make that work because after deductions, you won't have any money for food. If you're at 10% of gross on rent, you probably have a lot more money left over than most people."
IMO, it's a good deal. Pre-paying 3% interest is better than accruing it at 1-2% per month. The other nice thing about it is that all of your payments hit the principal.
A 401k plan will ask you to name a beneficiary who will receive the funds if you don't withdraw them all before death. Usually, a primary beneficiary and a secondary beneficiary is requested. If you don't specify a beneficiary, your estate is the beneficiary by default.  Note that the name supplied to the 401k plan is who will get the money, and you cannot change this by bequeathing the money in your will. For example, if you neglected to change the beneficiary upon divorce, it is useless to say in your will that the money in the 401k plan goes to your new wife; the 401k plan will give it to your ex-wife who still remains the beneficiary of your 401k Money in a 401k plan is what is called income with respect to a decedent (IRD)  on which income tax is levied, and it is also is part of your estate and thus liable to be subject to estate tax.  The latter is true even if the 401k plan assets are not mentioned anywhere in your will, and even if the assets got sent to your ex-wife which is not what you wanted to have happen.  There are various estate tax exceptions for spouse beneficiaries (no  estate tax due now, but will be charged when the spouse passes away). With regard to income tax, the beneficiaries of a 401k plan (similarly IRAs, 403b plans etc) generally get to take the whole amount and pay the income  tax themselves. Edit in response to littleadv's comments: Each 401k plan is different, and some plans, especially the smaller ones, may prefer to distribute the  401k assets as a lump sum rather than allow the beneficiaries to withdraw  the money over several years (and pay income tax on the amount withdrawn each year). This is because there are far too many rules and regulations to trip over when making withdrawals over several years. The lump sum distribution can be transferred into a newly established  Inherited IRA (see the Nolo article linked to in @littleadv's answer for some details and some pitfalls to avoid) and the income tax is thus deferred until withdrawals occur.  Spouse  beneficiaries are entitled to more generous rules than non-spouse  beneficiaries. If your heirs are otherwise well provided for and you are in a  philanthropic mood (or you don't want to give 'em a dime, the ungrateful... who never call, not even on Father's Day!), one way of avoiding a  lot of tax is to make the beneficiary of your 401k be one or more of your favorite charities. In fact, if your testamentary inclination is to make some charitable bequests as part of your will, it is much more advantageous to give money from a tax-deferred account to the charity (size of estate is reduced, no income  tax paid by anyone on amount given), and bequeath assets in non-retirement accounts to one's heirs (bequests are not taxable income, and heirs get a step up in basis for assets that have appreciated) rather than the other way around (heirs pay income tax as they withdraw the money from tax-deferred  account) Estate planning is a complicated business, and you really should talk to a professional about such matters and not rely on advice from an Internet forum.
It would probably never make sense to do that. Why would you? You'll end up in the bankruptcy court either way, since you won't be able to pay off the loan, and you cannot maintain the monthly payments without getting into more debt. IRA is shielded from bankruptcies, in most States, so it will probably stay with you afterwards. In any case - it will provide you some income when you're old and cannot keep up working. Unfortunately, Federal student loans are also shielded, but the rest of you debt - isn't. I suggest trying to fix your budgets and see how you can improve your earnings to be able to maintain your payments. I can't understand how you could have racked up $140K student debt and have a career at which you earn $55K/year for an experienced employee.
"This would be on your credit for ~8 years.   If it goes according to your plan, it will take 6 months to a year to do the settlement by getting behind enough to let it go to collections and then settling.   The write-off will then be on your credit record for 7 years before it ""falls off"". Your cash out refinance would have to cover you for at least the next 8 years to be valuable. And you have a lot of assumptions to get there: In short, there's one way (or only a few ways) this works out well in your favor.  There are many ways that this has the chance to hurt you.    I don't like ""investments"" with those kind of odds."
I knew someone (in PA) who wanted to do specialty breads in her kitchen to sell at farmers markets. The health department nixed the idea due to a dog living in the house. (Which really isn't wrong. Just posting as an FYI)
ETFs don't need sell-side research (yes they do, no they don't).  They need to keep their fees minimal.  Mutual funds need equity research and they charge beefy fees to pay for it.  Look at the flows into mutual funds and the flows into ETFs and make your own mind up.  However, bear in mind that there will always be *some* demand for really good research.  It just probably isn't a growing field.  It will be a shrinking field where the best of the best do well and everyone else is playing a game of Survivor trying not to get kicked off the island.
.on intraday basis in stock market sensex start its trading at 15878, up 64 points, and Nifty is at 4752, up 18 points.today trend is expecting volatile.  1-Buy AANJANEYA @ 510 , stoploss 500 , target 518 - 526 - 538 – 550. 2-HUL buy above 410 with the target of 414 with the stop loss of 406.50.
Foreign stocks tend to be more volatile -- higher risk trades off against higher return potential, always. The better reason for having some money in that area is that, as with bonds, it moves out-of-sync with the US markets and once you pick your preferred distribution, maintaining that balance semi-automatically takes advantage of that to improve your return-vs-risk position. I have a few percent of my total investments in an international stock index fund, and a few percent in an international REIT, both being fairly low-fee. (Low fees mean more of the money reaches you, and seems to be one of the better reasons for preferring one fund over another following the same segment of the market.) They're there because the model my investment advisor uses -- and validated with monte-carlo simulation of my specific mix -- shows that keeping them in the mix at this low level is likely to result in a better long-term outcome than if i left them out. No guarantees, but probabilities lean toward this specfic mix doing what i need. I don't pretend to be able to justify that via theory or to explain why these specific ratios work... but I understand enough about the process to trust that they are on (perhaps of many) reasonable solutions to get the best odds given my specific risk tolerance, timeline, and distaste for actively managing my money more than a few times a year. If that.
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/misophonia using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/misophonia/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!**  \#1: [To the guy who sat next to me in the movie theatre and proceeded to eat a personal pizza...](https://np.reddit.com/r/misophonia/comments/65a5sy/to_the_guy_who_sat_next_to_me_in_the_movie/)   \#2: [lmao i made something](http://i.imgur.com/drjdaMK.jpg) | [8 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/misophonia/comments/5lt3nu/lmao_i_made_something/)   \#3: [YOU ARE A GODDAMN ADULT, CHEW WITH YOUR MOUTH CLOSED](https://np.reddit.com/r/misophonia/comments/6v8a1g/you_are_a_goddamn_adult_chew_with_your_mouth/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)
Let me ask you another question: if that person stayed at home and made a widget instead, would exporting that widget benefit his home country? There is no difference, economically, between the two situations. A foreign worker sending home remittances is no different from a local manufacturer exporting their products. Both are earning export dollars for themselves and their home countries. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? Clearly, the answer is yes - this is a good thing or a bad thing but we cannot know which in isolation. However, in general, foreign worker remittances are overwhelmingly beneficial for the host (which gets work done that otherwise would not be done) and the source (which gets export income. With reference to your particular question about local inflation, a rise in exports causes appreciation in the exchange rate i.e. local currency becomes more expensive with respect to (in this case) the Euro. Appreciation in the exchange rate actually puts downward pressure on inflation. However, the absence of our worker from the local economy puts upward pressure on local wages and and hence inflation. Both of these effects are small and other factors will dominate them.
Hello, My names Michael and I'm a 19 year old college student. I have recently decided to begin a music production career from scratch. Music is my favorite and only outlet that lets me unwind and truly feel at peace. I dont do drugs or alcohol and my favorite pass times are listening to music and creating beats on my laptop. I come from a relatively lower middle-class family so my parent's arent financially able to help me acquire some of the tools i need to advance myself musically. The funds that i receive if any will be used towards a mini player and better music production software whatever it may be and also some speakers. I would honestly be forever grateful to anyone that decides to donate and help me out. ANY amount would be deeply appreciated. Thank you for taking the time to read my story and i hope you have a blessed day. All Love.
He owns some giants. I'd bet Coca-Cola is his biggest cash cow.   This is a non-story. The revenue naturally follows actual value provided, as opposed to buying and selling shares with the swings of the stock market.   Buffet buys and holds, and builds and collects the revenue from his companies, that's been his core philosophy since the beginning.
"While you’re new or relatively new to this idea then the fitting idea is to perform a little research and primary get conversant in what’s possible with offshore investment opportunities.  I couldn't agree more. A good way to begin this research would be to do an online search for an investment opportunity called ""Royal Siam Trust."""
I inherited nothing and have retired comfortably in my 50s after some hard work, tradeoffs etc., however I am quite certain that there are millions who are more intelligent, harder-working, talented and haven't had my luck.  Good luck can get you there, bad luck will stop you, in either case more completely than inheritance, contacts, diligence or talent.  It's worth remembering that the best luck is good health.
"Isn't calling something unilaterally ""fake news"" basically the opposite side of that same coin?  It's a ""joke"" when you don't want people to take *you* at face value.  It's ""fake news"" when you don't want people to take *information* at face value.  Both are convenient ways to dismiss criticism and responsibility."
"The charts on nasdaq.com are log based, if you look closely you can see that the spacing between evenly incremented prices is tighter at the top of the chart and wider at the bottom.   It's easiest to see on a stock with a wide price range using candlestick where you can clearly see the grid.  I'm also not seeing the ""absurdism"" you indicate when I look at google finance with the settings ticked to use log on the price axis.  I see what I'd expect which is basically a given vertical differential on the price axis representing the same percentage change in price no matter where it is located. For example if I look at GOOG from the earliest date they have (Aug 20 2004) to a nice high point (dec 7 2007) I see a cart where the gap from the the bottom of the chart (seems to be right around 100) to the 200 point, (a 100% increase) is the same as from 200 to 400 (a 100% increase) is the same as 400 to 800 (a 100# increase)   That's exactly what I expect from a 'log' chart on a financial site, each relative move up or down of the same distance, represents the same relative change in value. So I'm having difficulty understanding what your complaint is. (note: I'm using chrome, which is the browser I'd expect to work best with any google website.  results with other browsers could of course vary)  If you want to do some other wacky math with the axis then I humbly suggest that something like Excel is your friend.   Goto the charts at nasdaq.com  get the chart displaying the period you care about, click the chart to display the unlying data, there will be an option to download the data.  cram it into excel and go wild as you want with charting it out.  e.g. note that step 2 links to client side javascript, so you will need javascript enabled, if you are running something like noscript, disable it for this site.  Also since the data opens in a new window, you may also need to enabled 'popups' for the site. (and yes, I sometimes get an annoying news alert advert popup  and have to close it when the chart first appears.. oh well it pays the rent and nasdaq is not charging you so for access so such is the price for a free site. )"
Mathwise, I absolutely agree with the other answers.  No contest, you should keep getting the match.  But, just for completeness, I'll give a contrarian opinion that is generally not very popular, but does have some merit.   If you can focus on just one main financial goal at a time, and throw every extra dollar you have at that one focus (i.e., getting out of debt, in your case), you will make better progress than if you're trying to do too many things at once.  Also, there something incredibly freeing about being out of debt that has other beneficial impacts on your life. So, if you can bring a lot of focus to the credit card debt and get it paid off quickly, it may be worth deferring the 401(k) investing long enough to do that, even though it doesn't make as much mathematical sense.  (This is essentially what Dave Ramsey teaches, BTW.)
Hurricanes are not good for the economy. They might be good for GDP, but GDP is not a good measure of the economy in cases of natural disasters.   [The increase in GDP is due to rebuilding and replacing things that existing prior to the disaster](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/no-hurricanes-are-not-good-for-the-economy-2017-08-28). There is no increase in the size of the economy or improvements in living standards. Also see: [the parable of the broken window](http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/08/broken-window-fallacy.asp) for why disasters are not good for the economy.
The presence of the 401K option means that your ability to contribute to an IRA will be limited, it doesn't matter if you contribute to the 401K or not. Unless your company allows you to roll over 401K money into an IRA while you are still an employee, your money in the 401K will remain there. Many 401K programs offer not just stock mutual funds, but bond mutual funds, and international funds. Many also have target date funds. You will have to look at the paperwork for the funds to determine if any of them meet your definition of low expense. Because any money you have in those 401K funds is going to remain in the 401K, you still need to look at your options and make the best choice. Very few companies allow employees to invest in individual stocks, but some do. You can ask your employer to research other options for the 401K. The are contracting with a investment company to make the plan. They may be able to switch to a different package from the same company or may need to switch companies. How much it will cost them is unknown. You will have to understand when their current contract is up for renewal.  If you feel their current plan is poor, it may be making hiring new employees difficult, or ti may lead to some employees to leave in search of better options. It may also be a factor in the number of employees contributing and how much they contribute.
"1) Don't buy a house as an investment. Buy a house because you've reached the point in your life where you don't expect to move in the next five years and you'd prefer to own a house (with its advantages/disadvantages) than to rent (with its advantages/disadvantages). Thinking of houses primarily as investments is what caused the housing bubble, crash, and Great Recession. 2) Before buying a house for cash, look at the available mortgage interest rates versus market rate of return. Owning the house outright is slightly lower stress, but using the house as the basis for a ""leveraged investment"" may be financially wiser. (I compromised; I paid 50% down and took a mortgage for the other 50%.) 3) 1 year is short-term. Your money doesn't belong in the market if you're going to need it in the short term. If you really intend to pull it back out that soon, I'd stick with CD/money-market kinds of instruments. 4) Remember that while a house is illiquid, it is possible to take out home equity loans... so money you put into a house isn't completely inaccessible. You just can't move elsewhere as easily."
"What do you mean by 'make'?  I am in the US, but I'm sure it's typical that any business has a ""bottom line"", the profit after all costs including paper losses for things like depreciation. This is then taxed, either at the business level or to the individual. The individual's person expenses don't come into play, unless those expenses are tied to the business, e.g. Some kind of function at their house which includes clients/customers."
On NYSE it isn't the equity which is listed but is an ADR(American Depositary Receipt). Source A negotiable certificate issued by a U.S. bank representing a specified number of shares (or one share) in a foreign stock that is traded on a U.S. exchange. ADRs are denominated in U.S. dollars, with the underlying security held by a U.S. financial institution overseas. ADRs help to reduce administration and duty costs that would otherwise be levied on each transaction. Else people would make a killing on the arbitrage opportunity. Frankly speaking arbitrage opportunities are more or less non existent. They occur for maybe seconds or milliseconds and the HFT firms and banks trade on it to remove the arbitrage.
"This is not an end-all answer but it'll get you started I have been through accounting courses in college as well as worked as a contractor (files as sole proprietor) for a few years but IANAA (I am not an accountant). Following @MasonWheeler's answer, if you're making that much money you should hire a bean counter to at least overlook your bookkeeping. What type of business? First, if you're the sole owner of the business you will most likely file as a sole proprietorship. If you don't have an official business entity, you should get it registered officially asap, and file under that name. The problem with sole proprietorships is liability. If you get sued, not only are your business' assets vulnerable but they can go after your personal assets too (including house/cars/etc). Legally, you and your business are considered one and the same. To avoid liability issues, you could setup a S corporation. Basically, the business is considered it's own entity and legal matters can only take as much as the business owns. You gain more protection but if you don't explicitly keep your business finances separate from your personal finances, you can get into a lot of trouble. Also, corporations generally pay out more in taxes. Technically, since the business is it's own entity you'll need to pay yourself a 'reasonable salary'. If you skip the salary and pay yourself the profits directly (ie evade being taxed on income/salary) the IRS will shut you down (that's one of the leading causes of corporations being shut down). You can also pay distribute bonuses on top of that but it would be wise to burn the words 'within reason' into your memory first. The tax man gets mad if you short him on payroll taxes.  S corporations are complicated, if you go that route definitely seek help from an accountant. Bookkeeping If you're not willing to pay a full time accountant you'll need to do a lot of studying about how this works. Generally, even if you have a sole proprietorship it's best to have a separate bank account for all of your business transactions. Every source/drain of money will fall into one of 3 categories... Assets - What your business owns: Assets can be categorized by liquidity. Meaning how fast you can transform them directly into cash. Just because a company is worth a lot doesn't necessarily mean it has a lot of cash. Some assets depreciate (lose value over time) whereas some are very hard to transform back into cash based on the value and/or market fluctuations (like property). Liabilities - What you owe others and what others owe you: Everything you owe and everything that is owed to you gets tracked. Just like credit cards, it's completely possible to owe more than you own as long as you can pay the interest to maintain the loans. Equity - the net worth of the company: The approach they commonly teach in schools is called double-entry bookkeeping where they use the equation: In practice I prefer the following because it makes more sense: Basically, if you account for everything correctly both sides of the equation should match up. If you choose to go the sole proprietorship route, it's smart to track everything I've mentioned above but you can choose to keep things simple by just looking at your Equity. Equity, the heart of your business... Basically, every transaction you make having to do with your business can be simplified down to debits (money/value) increasing and credits (money/value) decreasing. For a very simple company you can assess this by looking at net profits. Which can be calculated with: Revenues, are made up of money earned by services performed and goods sold. Expenses are made up of operating costs, materials, payroll, consumables, interest on liabilities, etc. Basically, if you brought in 250K but it cost you 100K to make that happen, you've made 150K for the year in profit. So, for your taxes you can count up all the money you've made (Revenues), subtract all of the money you've paid out (Expenses) and you'll know how much profit you've made. The profit is what you pay taxes on. The kicker is, there are gray areas when it comes to deducting expenses. For instance, you can deduct the expense of using your car for business but you need to keep a log and can only expense the miles you traveled explicitly for business. Same goes for deducting dedicated workspaces in your house. Basically, do the research if you're not 100% sure about a deduction. If you don't keep detailed books and try to expense stuff without proof, you can get in trouble if the IRS comes knocking. There are always mythical stories about 'that one guy' who wrote off his boat on his taxes but in reality, you can go to jail for tax fraud if you do that. It comes down to this. At the end of the year, if your business took in a ton of money you'll owe a lot in taxes. The better you can justify your expenses, the more you can reduce that debt. One last thing. You'll also have to pay your personal federal/state taxes (including self-employment tax). That means medicare/social security, etc. If this is your first foray into self-employment you're probably not familiar with the fact that 1099 employers pick up 1/2 of the 15% medicare/social security bill. Typically, if you have an idea of what you make annually, you should be paying this out throughout the year. My pay as a contractor was always erratic so I usually paid it out once/twice a year. It's better to pay too much than too little because the gov't will give you back the money you overpaid. At the end of the day, paying taxed sucks more if you're self-employed but it balances out because you can make a lot more money. If as you said, you've broken six figures, hire a damn accountant/adviser to help you out and start reading. When people say, ""a business degree will help you advance in any field,"" it's subjects like accounting are core requirements to become a business undergrad. If you don't have time for more school and don't want to pay somebody else to take care of it, there's plenty of written material to learn it on your own. It's not rocket surgery, just basic arithmetic and a lot of business jargon (ie almost as much as technology)."
I don't think either of these answers are accurate. A beta of 0 means that your stock/portfolio does not change accordingly or with the market, rather it acts independent. A beta above 0 means the stock follows what the market does. Which means if the market goes up the stock goes up, if the market goes down, the stock goes down. If the stock's beta is more than 1 the stock will go up more if the market goes up, or go down more if the market goes down. Inversely if the stock is less than 0 the stock will follow the market inversely. So if the market goes up, the stock goes down. If the market goes down, the stock goes up. Again a greater negative beta, the more this relationship will be exaggerated.
Assuming no debt, as you've specified in the comments to your question, the assets should generally be distributed proportional to ownership share.  BUT, without any sort of agreement, there might be contention on what each investor's share is and that might get fought out in court.  With a corporation issuing shares, the corporate charter probably defines the relationship between different classes of shares (or specifies only one class).  For a partnership though, you could conceivable have people making claims of ownership stake based on labor in addition to any cash that they put up.  Messy if there's no up-front agreement.
New estimates are that over 3.5 million phony accounts were created by Wells Fargo workers under extreme and intimidating performance pressure to sign up new accounts.   People need to go to jail for this. It's not only criminal it is eroding public confidence in our institutions. Or maybe that's the intention.
Automated Clearing House transactions are used in the US for direct deposit of pay checks and direct debit of many payments for accounts such as mortgages, credit cards, car loans, insurance premiums, etc. The reason they take one or more business days to clear is that the transactions are accumulated by each processor in the network during the day and processed as a batch at the end of each business day.  The ACH network processes 20+ billion transactions per year worth $40 trillion, (estimates based on 2012 figures).
It is an undeniable fact that 95% of all retail forex traders lose money. In order to break free from this crowd of losing traders we must first understand the forex trading strategies they use. Only then can we learn how to trade forex profitably.
"Pyramid Schemes are illegal. This is not a pyramid scheme but I wouldn't dive into it unless you either had some killer marketing skills OR you are an extremely social and likable person; like high-school popularity contest winner level, but older.   The affiliate earning system is way more complicated than what you mentioned (in a good way) because there are many ways to earn, but the biggest way to earn requires someone who ""knows how to throw a party"" or someone who absolutely loves people. (I don't).   I personally am documenting my experience with PMB CBD oil and am posting my no B.S. review about everything from the product to the affiliate system on my personal FB. I'm not a people-person so i don't see me standing on a podium with a little mic around my cheek, but oddly my candid (and often funny) reviews inspired many of my Facebook friends to buy CBD. I get $30 for every bottle i sell through my affiliate page; this is a better way for me to earn than standing up in front of people like Martha Stewart.   It helps if you actually like and use the product because that way you don't feel pressured to sell. I'm experimenting with CBD because I simply can't relax and suffer from some major anxiety and stress attacks.   Results? Well it's 6am and i'm writing to you not freaking out about work tomorrow and browsing for Rick and Morty memes. I like it so far but we'll see."
Yeah, Microsoft's performance review system has had some... criticism in the past. You do get bonuses for excellent work, but in general it's a much more structured system. It's a tradeoff, though - on one hand engineers at Microsoft have a high guaranteed base pay. On the other hand, it's a very inflexible system and it doesn't reward merit as strongly as it could.
I can say for certain that everyone in my group of friends had to wait a long time to buy homes, some including me still rent, due to the impossibility of saving for a downpayment with sky high rent and $1000+ dollar a month student loan payments. It basically took until they paid the loans off after 10 years or got management level positions at excellent salaries before they could start saving for a down payment.  Probably hundreds of thousands of people have this same experience.
"It's not precisely meant for that.  You could do it and get a business loan, though.  But it's not set up to take into account after-production shares, royalties.  It's just a simple ""I want 25,000 to develop film"" and then a bunch of people give you money and you pay interest."
"I'm not sure that malice or 'bad people' is the true problem. Surely it will exist in small samples, but that will be the exception. I think the problem norm is boring, routine work.   I'll explain: Given mundane tasks, people unconsciously start to shortcut. They begin taking normal things for granted and they lose the care they originally put into the work. When these employees first started this job, it's likely they were very ""kind"" to the turkeys and put extra care into the details of their job. They were probably also very slow and compared to seasoned employees, their throughput was low.  Over time, they begin to shortcut. Their throughput increases and they start to match seasoned employees. But they've lost the detail.  They get a little sloppy, they treat the turkeys a little rougher. The minute detail continues to erode with enough repetition that you wind up with employees doing tremendously cruel things to the animals, simply because they are so overexposed and desensitized to the work. The turkey is no longer an animal, it's now become a widget. A widget to move, process, and package.  I won't get into solutions because there's a great number of them that'll work, but I'm not convinced that terrible turkey tyrants are running farms. The type and layout of work has evolved normal employees into this."
Not perhaps practically useful, but I found it conceptually useful to learn the basics of mathematical finance, a way of describing financial markets via probability theory and stochastic processes. It's a little like trying to understand horse racing by studying spherical horses rolling without friction in a vacuum, but it does give you some ways of thinking that may be more appealing to someone with a math background. For instance, there's the idea that shorting a stock is effectively owning negative shares. Option pricing is a common motivation. There's a brief introduction, at the advanced undergraduate level, in Durrett's Essentials of Stochastic Processes. At the graduate level, I liked Ruth Williams' Introduction to the Mathematics of Finance.
YORKA İNŞAAT olarak bu güne kadar birçok projede (Mesken, Konut, Villa, Residence, Depo, Fabrika, Sanayi, Şahıs ve Site Yönetimleri, Resmi Kurumlar, Belediyeler, Özel Kuruluşlar, Toplu Konutlar, İnşaat Firmaları Alt Yüklenici Hizmetleri) ana ve alt yüklenici olarak görev aldık. Tecrübeli ekibimiz ve iş kalitemizle her bir projeyi alnımızın akıyla ve sıfır problemle tamamladık.
Here are two different sources, one from an actual credit reporting agency, Experian. http://www.experian.com/assistance/sample-credit-report.html http://www.aie.org/manage-your-money/understand-credit/your-interactive-guide-to-credit-reports.cfm If what you want to see an actual real credit report, no one in their right mind is going to show you unless they are a close friend or relative.
I was able to find several references that claim that the Indo-US treaty provision is limited to five years: Here it says this (on page 20): Generally the treaty exemption for students is limited to the first   five calendar years that the international student is in the U.S.   However there is no set time limit for students from Belgium,   Bulgaria, China, The Netherlands, and Pakistan. However, I couldn't find any specific time limit neither in the treaty nor in the technical explanation. The explanation says: Thus, for example, an Indian resident who visits the United States as   a student and becomes a U.S. resident according to the Code, other   than by virtue of acquiring a green card, would continue to be exempt   from U.S. tax in accordance with this Article so long as he is not a   U.S. citizen and does not acquire immigrant status in the United   States. The saving clause does apply to U.S. citizens and immigrants. However, the treaty explicitly says this: The benefits of this Article shall extend only for such period of time   as may be reasonable or customarily required to complete the education   or training undertaken. The reason for this last paragraph is to ensure that you don't artificially prolong your student status, and the 5 year limit may come out of the interpretation of this specific paragraph. Similar paragraph exists in the US-China treaty, and the explanation for that treaty says this: These exemptions may be claimed only for the period reasonably   necessary to complete the education or training. In some cases, the   course of study or training may last less than year. For most   undergraduate college or university degrees the appropriate period   will be four years. For some advanced degrees, such as in medicine,   the required period may be longer, e.g., seven years. Based on this, it is my personal impression that if you're an undergraduate student and studying the same degree (and not, for example, finished your BA, and started your MS) - you are no longer eligible for the treaty benefit. But I suggest you ask a professional (EA/CPA licensed in your State) for a more reliable tax advice on the matter. I'm not a tax professional and this is not a tax advice.
I read Q#4 as  Will $250 in one account earn more interest than $250 in five accounts? in which case Excel says no, assuming a constant interest rate for all accounts. I dunno if the same holds true for banks.
There's nothing illegal in hiring your friends to manage your property or provide you services, and it is definitely deductible. There's nothing specific to reference here, this is a standard deduction for a landlord just as any. I mentioned 1099 in the comments - if the total is over $600 and your friend is not a corporation, then you should issue 1099. That would provide you the necessary substantiation of the deduction (of course you need to keep some documentation that shows the relation between the money paid and the services provided, like a contract, or invoice or receipt). You can (but don't have to) issue 1099 for lower amounts as well. If you don't - you'll need to keep more documents as substantiation - cached checks, documents about the agreement and the amounts, etc. In addition, your deduction may be disallowed if your friend doesn't declare this as taxable income (issuing 1099 helps here since your friend will be forced to declare it, otherwise it will be recorded as a mismatch by the IRS and trigger an audit). As to reimbursements - that would go into the same bucket. They'll have to deduct their expenses from that income on their own taxes. So if you give them $300 for the work, $300 for the miles, and $300 for the materials they bought - you issue the 1099 for $900, and let them deduct the $600 on their own Schedule C.
For the 1st part of your question. Yes the other taxes still apply. You are only deferring your income tax, not the other taxes. Read the 3rd paragraph: http://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/Plan-Sponsor/401(k)-Resource-Guide-Plan-Sponsors-401(k)-Plan-Overview
Credits are expensive, so it's a great advantage to pay in cash. Obviously, it's even more an advantage to pay in cash for a house or a car, of course if you can afford it. But, as annoying as it could be, there are some services, where you're out of option to pay in cash, or even to pay by bank transfer. One of the most prominent examples, Google Play (OK, as I've learned, there are prepaid cards. But Groundspeak, for example, has none.). With the further expansion of Internet and E-Economy there will be more cases like that, where paying in cash is no more an option. Booking of hotels or hostels is already mentioned. There are some that provide no other booking option that giving your credit card number. However, even if the do, for example bank transfer of, say, 20% as reservation fee, please note that international money transfer can be very expensive, and credit card is usually given only for security in case you don't come, and if you do come and pay in cash, no money is taken = no expensive fee for international money transfer and/or disadvantaging currency exchange rate.
No chance.. cars are much easier to repossess and the cost of doing so is less. People aren't quite as leveraged on autos as they were on homes. Even with a worst case scenario 7 year loan people are usually in par within 3-4 years, in that timeframe on a 30 year mortgage you've barely started paying the interest down. Even at the height of the housing crisis auto loan losses were manageable.. when people were losing their homes at a record pace you'd think they would skip the car payments to make the mortgage. That wasn't the case, people generally kept paying their car notes even when the house was going away. Losing your car is actually much more troublesome to most people.. they will make that payment over all others.
"A day or so later I get an email from the mattress company where the rep informs me that they will need to issue me a paper check for the full amount and that I would have to contact Affirm to stop charging me. To which I rapidly answered ""Please confirm that with Affirm prior to mailing anything out. On my end the loan was cancelled."" To which the rep replied ""confirmed. It has been cancelled."" I think your communication could have been more explicit mentioning that not only was the loan cancelled, you got your initial payments. You have not paid for the mattress. The refund if any should go to Affirm. The Rep has only confirmed that loan has been cancelled. at what point, if any, am i free to use this money? I was planning to just let it sit there until the shoe drops and just returning. But for how long is too long? Sooner or later the error would get realized and you would have to pay this back."
&gt; This again avoids the point, which is that military functions are being outsourced - I assume you really agree, and that to the extent there's a debate, it's only about the extent.  Of course I agree. I was a contractor to both the Department of Defense and the Department of State. I just disagree with the notion that there is any significance to the thought that contractors outnumbered troops in Iraq or Afghanistan. It is an absolutely meaningless statement as there is so much more going on there than would be understood by someone who hadn't seen it in person or worked on the contracts themselves.  At no point during the occupation, prior to the drawdown, did DoD contractors of any nationality outnumber troops. After the drawdown started they did, of course, because that is how the withdrawal was formulated. Contractors outnumber troops in Iraq several hundred to one now.
"First off, I would label this as speculation, not investing.  There are many variables that you don't seem to be considering, and putting down such a small amount opens you to a wide variety of risks.  Not having an ""emergency fund"" for the rental increases that risk greatly.  (I assume that you would not have an emergency fund based upon ""The basic idea is to save up a 20% down payment on a property and take out a mortgage"".) This type of speculation lent a hand in the housing bubble. Is your home paid off?  If not you can reduce your personal risk (by owning your home), and have a pretty safe investment in real estate.  Mission accomplished. My hope for you would be that you are also putting money in the market.  Historically it has performed quite well while always having its share of ""chicken littles""."
"If they allowed people to skip reporting the funds ""even though I might not intend to use this money to help my kids through college"", then children of a Billionaire would be eligible for financial aid.   In addition you might have reported all your income to the IRS, but the rest of the government isn't able to see that information."
Yikes:  &gt;Ten years after PetroChina peaked on its first day of trading in Shanghai, the state-owned energy producer has lost about $800 billion of market value --**a sum large enough to buy every listed company in Italy**, or circle the Earth 31 times with $100 bills., or circle the Earth 31 times with $100 bills.
Institute of Supply Management, specifically their Report on Business. Good forward looking indicator.   As far as the weekly report, I'd probably read it, maybe even contribute, but I more of a lurker on this sub. I saw your question and have had some similar experiences so I thought I could help you out.
Never forget that this country is sitting on the *largest oil reserve in the world*, even the middle east cannot compete. All they had to do was:  * extract the oil  * sell the oil  * profit  But no, they voted communists. They don't even have acces to toilet paper anymore, but they still praise Chavez, blaming his sucessor instead.
It's not taxpayer money.  It's from the ill-gained profits of Ticketmaster.  The legal expenses will come from Ticketmaster as part of the settlement.  Each plaintiff gets $1.50 per ticket bought up to 17, they are not asked to pay for the attorneys.  If Ticketmaster chooses to raise prices they will lose sales and hopefully another company will find a way to compete with them and cut into their market share.  Again the individual class member (anyone who used Ticketmaster the last few years) did no work aside from signing their name to the agreement and now want to bitch about getting a free coupon.  If you think you could have won a million dollar judgment for being overcharged by a few dollars you are simply delusional.  The legal system is not meant to reward people for being screwed over but to restore people to their rightful position and to punish wrongdoers.
There can be so many different motives behind having a company conduct an employment background check. Depending on the criteria of the company, a background check can be done to investigate the aspirants’ credit history, criminal records, employment history, education, motor vehicle and license records, and civil records and so on.
Keep a list of your accounts, banks, life insurance policies, location of your will, etc, and make sure two people you trust know where you keep that list. Review and update the list at least once a year. This way if something happens to you, your next of kin will have an easier time locating your financial details and final wishes. And having a list also means you won't forget about any of your accounts.
Yes in order for you to short a stock, some one has to be willing to lend it to you to short, the more people that want to short this stock, the higher the borrowing rate is to short it. in some instances such as groupon so many people are shorting it that there are practically no shares left to short and if you do end up getting some it would be at a very high borrowing cost.
"As an aside, on most securities with a spread of the minimum tick, there would be no bid ask spread if so-called ""locked markets"", where the price of the best bid on one exchange is equal to the price of the best ask on another, were permitted. It is currently forbidden for a security to have posted orders having the same price for both bid and ask even though they're on different exchanges. Option spreads would narrow as well as a result."
&gt; This could be a good idea. Let's see what they want to replace it with first.  Yeaaaaa, just makes me think of how things with healthcare are going. Originally when they first wanted to get rid of the previous system they had no good new system to take over.
"It's simply supply and demand.   First, demand: If you're an importer trying to buy from overseas, you'll need foreign currency, maybe Euros.  Or if you want to make a trip to Europe you'll need to buy Euros.  Or if you're a speculator and think the USD will fall  in value, you'll probably buy Euros. Unless there's someone willing to sell you Euros for dollars, you can't get any.  There are millions of people trying to exchange currency all over the world.  If more want to buy USD, than that demand will positively influence the price of the USD (as measured in Euros).  If more people want to buy Euros, well, vice versa. There are so many of these transactions globally, and the number of people and the nature of these transactions change so continuously, that the prices (exchange rates) for these currencies fluctuate continuously and smoothly. Demand is also impacted by what people want to buy and how much they want to buy it.  If people generally want to invest their savings in stocks instead of dollars, i.e., if lots of people are attempting to buy stocks (by exchanging their dollars for stock), then the demand for the dollar is lower and the demand for stocks is higher.  When the stock market crashes, you'll often see a spike in the exchange rate for the dollar, because people are trying to exchange stocks for dollars (this represents a lot of demand for dollars). Then there's ""Supply:"" It may seem like there are a fixed number of bills out there, or that supply only changes when Bernanke prints money, but there's actually a lot more to it than that.  If you're coming from Europe and want to buy some USD from the bank, well, how much USD does the bank ""have"" and what does it mean for them to have money?  The bank gets money from depositors, or from lenders.  If one person puts money in a deposit account, and then the bank borrows that money from the account and lends it to a home buyer in the form of a mortgage, the same dollar is being used by two people.  The home buyer might use that money to hire a carpenter, and the carpenter might put the dollar back into a bank account, and the same dollar might get lent out again.  In economics this is called the ""multiplier effect."" The full supply of money being used ends up becoming harder to calculate with this kind of debt and re-lending.   Since money is something used and needed for conducting of transactions, the number of transactions being conducted (sometimes on credit) affects the ""supply"" of money. Demand and supply blur a bit when you consider people who hoard cash.  If I fear the stock market, I might keep all my money in dollars.  This takes cash away from companies who could invest it, takes the cash out of the pool of money being used for transactions, and leaves it waiting under my mattress.  You could think of my hoarding as a type of demand for currency, or you could think of it as a reduction in the supply of currency available to conduct transactions. The full picture can be a bit more complicated, if you look at every way currencies are used globally, with swaps and various exchange contracts and futures, but this gives the basic story of where prices come from, that they are not set by some price fixer but are driven by market forces.   The bank just facilitates transactions.  If the last price (exchange rate) is 1.2 Dollars per Euro, and the bank gets more requests to buy USD for Euros than Euros for USD, it adjusts the rate downwards until the buying pressure is even.  If the USD gets more expensive, at some point fewer people will want to buy it (or want to buy products from the US that cost USD).  The bank maintains a spread (like buy for 1.19 and sell for 1.21) so it can take a profit. You should think of currency like any other commodity, and consider purchases for currency as a form of barter.  The value of currency is merely a convention, but it works.  The currency is needed in transactions, so it maintains value in this global market of bartering goods/services and other currencies.  As supply and demand for this and other commodities/goods/services fluctuate, so does the quantity of any particular currency necessary to conduct any of these transactions. A official ""basket of goods"" and the price of those goods is used to determine consumer price indexes / inflation etc.  The official price of this particular basket of goods is not a fundamental driver of exchange rates on a day to day basis."
Thanks for the response.   Basically, the rub is that things are complicated and intertwined.  These kinds of heart-string tugging articles seem to want to shame Western culture as the bad guys but the truth is that our influence is both good and bad (and as you said, somewhat negligible) at the same time.
Wells Fargo has a good free product that you can sign up for on their website. Google Wells Fargo Economics. I think that will get you there. If you have a friend on a trading desk you can get the JPM morning note which is really good too.
The daily Volume is usually compared to the average daily volume over the past 50 days for a stock.  High volume is usually considered to be 2 or more times the average daily volume over the last 50 days for that stock, however some traders might set the crireia to be 3x or 4x the ADV for confirmation of a particular pattern or event. The volume is compared to the ADV of the stock itself, as comparing it to the volume of other stocks would be like comparing apples with oranges, as difference companies would have different number of total stocks available, different levels of liquidity and different levels of volatility, which can all contribute to the volumes traded each day.
I love progress.  What I don't love is man's greed and quest for power.  The powerful NEVER willingly give up power without a fight.  This time around the automation revolution will not be the same as previous tech revolutions.  It will permanently displace jobs with NO jobs created to place the vast number of jobs lost.  So it's either a universal basic income or a revolution.  I predict the latter as the greed of man will never leave until beaten out of them.
Well that was unexpected . . .maybe if we sanction toilet paper as well, textiles didn't cut it.  I guess a reasonable conversation where everybody treats everybody with respect is out of the question . . .oh wait . .monosyllabic retarded morons is what makes MAD work.
"While I totally agree with you, talking to free market people, you have to address it this way.   Their point is that they should pay what the market bears, not what you want to make.  That is fair.    But that market has shown they need to pay more, but they ""can't do it"".     Roofing is a perfect example.   Charge $6000 for a roof, materials cost $2000.   Labor costs $800.   The rest is additional expenses and profit.  Even if you have to give your roofers a 25% raise that is $200.  You aren't going out of business even if you have to absorb the increase and you can't tell me you can't raise your prices by $200, when your competitors are all over the board.  I guarantee that if the cost of shingles go up, the cost of a roof is raised, no second thought.   The problem is that they think their competitors are still paying the old rate.  They are no longer competitive if they give a raise, they are no longer competitive."
This is called an in-plan Roth conversion and is discussed by the IRS here. If your 401(k) has a Roth option then it likely also has a provision to convert pre-tax dollars, but you'll have to check with the administrator to be sure. They could also potentially limit the type of money that can be converted. But most likely you should be able to convert any amount you want, and since it's all pre-tax (your contributions, employer matching, and earnings), it doesn't really matter which money is converted because it's all equivalent. One caveat is you won't able to convert any employer matching that hasn't fully vested.
My credentials: I used to work on mortgages, about 5 years ago. I wasn't a loan officer (the salesman) or mortgage processor (the grunt who does the real work), but I reviewed their work fairly closely. So I'm not an absolute authority, but I have first-hand knowledge. Contrary to the accepted answer, yes the bank is obligated to offer you a loan - if you meet their qualifications. This may sound odd, and as though it's forcing a bank to give money when it doesn't want to, but there is good reason. Back in the 1950's through 1980's, banks tended to deny loans to African Americans who were able to buy nicer homes because the loan officer didn't quite 'feel' like they were capable of paying off an expensive house, even if they had the exact same history and income as a white person who did get approved. After several rounds of trying to fix this problem, the government finally decreed that the bank must have a set, written criteria by which it will approve or decline loans, and the interest rates provided. It can change that criteria, but those changes must apply to all new customers. Banks are allowed a bit of discretion to approve loans that they may normally decline, but must have a written reason (usually it's due to some relationship with the customer's business (this condition adds a lot of extra rules), or that customer has a massive family and all 11 other siblings have gotten loans from the same loan officer - random rare stuff that can be easily documented if/when the government asks). The bank has no discretion to decline a loan at will - I've seen 98-year-olds sign a 30-year mortgage, and the bank was overjoyed because it showed that they didn't discriminate against the elderly. The customer could be a crackhead, and the bank can't turn them down if their paperwork, credit, and income is good. The most the loan officer could do is process the loan slowly and hope the crackhead gets arrested before the bank spends any more money. The regulations for employees new to the workforce are a bit less wonderful, but the bank will want 30+ days of income history (30 days, NOT 4 weeks) if you have it. BUT, if you are a fresh new employee, they can do the loan using your written and signed job offer as proof of income. However, I discourage you from using this method to buy a house. You are much, much better off renting for a while and learning the local area before you shop for a house. It's too easy to buy a house without knowing the city, then discover that you have a hideously slow drive to work and are in the worst part of town. And, you may not like the company as much, or you may not be a good fit. It's not uncommon to leave a company within a year or two. You don't want a house that anchors you to one place while you need the freedom to explore career options. And consider this: banks love selling mortgages, but they hate holding them. They want to collect that $10,000 closing fee, they couldn't care less about the 4% interest trickling in over 30 years. Once they sign the mortgage, they try to sell it to investors who want to buy high-grade debt within a month. That sale gives them all the money back, so they can use it to sell another mortgage and collect another $10,000. If the bank has its way, it has offloaded your mortgage before you send the first payment to them. As a result, it's a horrible idea to buy a house unless you expect to live there at least 5 or 10 years, because the closing costs are so high.
Unanticipated unemployment is usually the triggering factor for drawing on an emergency fund. Ask yourself: what happens if I lose my job tomorrow? Or my spouse becomes unemployed? What happens if I become disabled and can't work for x amount of time? Sure, you can discount your chances of needing such a fund if you have free health care. But having health insurance doesn't change the fact that an emergency fund is a good idea. There are many ways to go broke!
Trickle down economics / tax structure have been repeatedly shown to not work as well as progressive taxation for the health of the overall economy. Poor people don't save, give them money and it comes right back putting us all to work.
"Purely in terms of wealth generation, doesn't it make perfect sense to progressively replace humans in roles that can be automated and shift them to things that can't? It might ruin the American middle class in the US, but in more egalitarian societies, that might not be exactly the same problem. If the ""middle class"" - the non-creative part of it, at least - is replacable, perhaps it's a sign that the current system is inefficient?"
"Here is the discussion: https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/6gsvgh/the_supreme_court_has_decided_that_the_fair_debt/    Yes, but the discussion was that this allows for many loopholes where an outside firm can be hired for collections, which can then go back to using tactics like the old dark days.  ...also fyi - I assume in your comment above you meant ""owned"" not ""owed""..."
"There are few cases where trades were reverted because of a ""technical issues"", for example: When BATS did its IPO its price went down to a few penny due to a computer glitch, because of that the regulators allowed the trades to be reversed as if nothing happened. I think that some trades during the flash crash of the 6 May 2010 were reversed too. However, if the act is clearly fraudulent, they can try to sue the responsible. If a tribunal were to condemn him to reimburse them and that he has enough money to pay for it, they could get their money back. But think of Madoff, the people that invested with Madoff didn't have their investment reversed as Madoff didn't have the money to pay them back. The sames goes with most of criminal, crooks and even rogues traders. Finally, before thinking of reverting anything, there are laws about financial firms to make them implements proper checks to avoid that kind of fraudulent activities as they are responsible for most of the operational risk, especially when it could impact both the firm and their clients. And if the firm doesn't comply with those laws, they are unlikely to get the tribunal on their side if a problem arise."
It's a pretty good tip. People are often telling you the answer but not explicitly. Example:  You call about bad service and demand a refund. The employee tells you:  I'm sorry, sir, I can't give you back your money.  But maybe he actually said:  I'm sorry, sir, *I* can't give you back your money. Maybe someone else can?  I'm sorry, sir, I can't *give* you back your money. So not give but trade?  I'm sorry, sir, I can't give you back your *money*. So what can you give?
Having lived in both places, I have to say you can find a higher income in the US for the same job and can live in a small town versus having to live in a big city in Canada to find decent salaries.  For similar sized cities, the cost of housing is significantly lower in the US than Canada.  That is your biggest factor in cost of living.  If you are thinking of NYC or San Francisco, there are no comparable size cities in Canada and you would probably be better off in Canada.   My tax preparer was amazed at how much I paid in Capital Gains taxes when I left Canada.  Maybe it is different now but I doubt it. The biggest free lunch in the US is a generous capital gains exemption when you sell your primary residence without any lifetime cap or cap on the number of times you can do it.  There are rules on how long you have to live in it before selling. For investment real estate, all expenses are deductible in addition to fictional depreciation so with a mortgage you can have positive cash flow and pay no income tax.  You can keep doing tax deferred exchanges into bigger and bigger rentals.  When you are close to retirement, you can exchange into your ultimate beach home, rent it out a few years, then convert to a primary residence.
The beta of a stock can be interpreted as the average relative movement of a stock with respect to the movement of a market index. In your case, the stock will move on average by 0.8. Thus over a longer time horizon, not on a daily, weekly basis.
You would need to check with Bank as it varies from Bank to Bank.  You can break the FD's. Generally you don't loose the interest you have earned for 1 years, however the rate of interest will be reduced. i.e. if the rate was 7% for 1 year FD and 8% for 2 years FD, when you break after a year you will get only 7%. Generally this can happen in few hours but definitely in 2 days. You can get a Loan against FD's. Generally the rate of interest is 2% higher than FD rate. There is also initial processing fee, etc. Check with the Bank, it may take few days to set things up.
All Indian Banks are offering USD accounts known as multicurrency account, where you can hold your fund, this account also permits you to book the USD to INR rates in advance if you require. You can keep your money in this account and also can remit the same back to source or other destination country.
Firstly well done on building a really sold base of savings. An emergency fund needs to have two key characteristics: Be enough to get you through a typical emergency event (often seen as approx. ~6 months’ salary in your style of situation assuming you have no dependents etc) Be liquid and available to you instantly if an emergency arises Once you have decided how much you will need for 1), you then generally find the best interest available on an instant access savings account and leave it there. It's important to note that because you need it very liquid and very secure you will basically never make (nor should  you expect to make) any sizeable rate of interest on your emergency fund. Once this is done, whatever left should be invested in an asset/mix of assets that best fit your risk profile - of which long term bonds are a completely legitimate option, but it's hard to say without knowing more about your long term aims/liabilities/job market etc.
The alternative isn't too bad. Invest in a regular account. The dividends and cap gains will see favorable tax treatment. In my opinion, much of the magic of the retirement account is with 401(k) matched deposits.  The benefit you'll miss is the long term opportunity to skim income off the top, at say, 25%, have it grow, and then withdraw it at a much lower average tax rate. If that benefit doesn't outweigh the fear of the 10%, stick with my first thought above.
"Simple answer is because the stocks don't split. Most stocks would have a similar high price per share if they didn't split occasionally.  Why don't they split? A better way to ask this is probably, why DO most stocks split? The standard answer is that it gives the appearance that stocks are ""cheap"" again and encourages investors to buy them. Some people, Warren Buffett (of Berkshire Hathaway) don't want any part of these shenanigans and refuse to split their stocks. Buffett also has commented that he thinks splitting a stock also adds unnecessary volatility."
I'm familiar with the efficient market hypothesis. And the argument over if the markets are weak, semi-strong or strong firm efficient. Most of the evidence suggests they are semi-strong form efficient. Are you looking after fees? I'd argue before fees, you'd find a lot more that do on a regular basis. If you'd like to read something, take a look at Warren Buffets letter in the back of intelligent Investor. It's named something about Graham Doddville. He addresses your argument as to random dollar winners. Now you've made a promise you can't keep, because I'm not very wrong. :)
People in the United States in the mid-2000's thought that real estate was safe.  Then they discovered that when the bubble burst the value of their house dropped 10 to 50%. Then they realized that they couldn't sell, even if they had the cash to make the lender whole. Some lost their houses to foreclosure, others walked away and took massive hits to their wealth and credit scores. When it is hard or impossible to sell, that means you can't move to where the jobs are. While it is possible to make money in real estate, treating your house as an investment vehicle means that you are putting not only all your eggs into one basket; you are also living in the basket. In general you should assume that all investment involves risk. So if you are trying to avoid all chances of losing money then the safest form of investment is via your bank account and government bonds. Your national government has a program to insure bank accounts, you need to understand the rules for that program, including types of accounts and amounts. You should also look into your national programs for retirement accounts, to make sure you are investing for the long term. Many people invest via the stock market or the bond market. These investments are not guaranteed, though there may be some protection for fraud. The more specific your investments (individual companies) the more time you need to invest in research and tracking. Many investors do so via mutual funds or Exchange Traded Funds, this involves less of a time investment because you are paying the management comp nay for the fund to do that research for all their investors.
The duties are:  Responsible for verifying accuracy and correctness of figures, calculations and postings of all recorded transactions against original documents.  Receives any Casino-related Transaction Reports with associated supporting documents for Title 31 Auditor.  Reconciles reports to supporting documents in accordance with established internal gaming controls, as outlined on daily/weekly/monthly/annual checklists.  Issues Exception Reports for any instances of non-compliance with established internal controls.  Coordinates with the lead audit clerk or Accounting Supervisor concerning revenue discrepancies and proposed adjustments to be made to correct the same.  Prepares daily recurring journal entries to record daily activity, as appropriate.  Compiles all reports pertaining to the daily audit operations and distributes/saves in accordance with the distribution list/policy.  Maintains complete audit records in an organized manner for proper record retention as per company policy.  Files all documents and computer reports for future reference.  Other related duties as assigned.   I want to work in corporate finance, forecasting and budgeting.
The irony endures: business supports Republican intransigence on stimulus and regulation as business lobbies like the Chamber of Commerce fight every effort to spur growth. Yet the markets, funded by these self-same businesses, demand further government intervention and spurn stimulus efforts they deem insufficiently robust. At some point one would hope this inherent contradiction between what businesses are doing politically and economically would become apparent to a wider audience but the mainstream media remains too frightened to report anything for which they could be 'Rather-ed.'
How can this possibly be profitable for both parties if the theater is getting paid in full for each movie? At $10 a month they basically have cut even on a single movie so every movie someone watched after that would be a loss. Unless there's something I'm missing. A movie is $10 where I'm at, if I pay this company $10 and watch 4 movies (1 a per week), how can everyone make a profit? The margins aren't that great for them to be giving super discounted bulk rates either, and most theaters make money off of concessions anyways, so it would end up being the movie  productions that gets stiffed.
Either the healthcare will be paid for in the form of insurance, often through the company, or in the form of taxes on wages and corporate profits. Either way, the costs of healthcare is paid for out of the productive efforts of the citizens.  The question regarding healthcare is: which system is more efficient? Which system provides the health outcomes that we want for the proportion of our productivity that we are willing to spend on it?
"This is only true if you define ""intrinsic value"" to mean backed by an asset. I think that is a stupid definition, and so too do lawmakers and economists which is why we abolished the gold standard. There is intrinsic demand for dollars because of US federal law, to me an asset with automatic government-backed demand has intrinsic value because I don't believe people and companies will suddenly decide to be tax delinquents en masse."
"First of all, many employees (past a few years in particular) are *always* looking for new jobs. It's how they make sure that they're always getting the best value for their services. This is doubly true for ""star"" employees.  I don't know if this is some cultural thing, but I can tell you my own experience as an employer of roughly 40 people in Sweden over the last half decade. The business is web development. My take from this infograph is that   1) people who are about to leave do worse work  2) people who are about to leave act differently  re:1) I just don't agree with in any way, in fact quite the contrary. People who have left my employment have done better in the last 3-4 months than they have before, just so that they can 1) get a good reference letter and 2) leave my employment on good standing, so that noone feels slighted. Rational, intelligent people do not burn bridges, they build networks.  re:2) People who are looking for other jobs act just like they always do. All the ideas for behavioural change presented in this infograph are completely circumstantial.   In my experience, the best way to identify employees who are very close to leaving, or seriously considering it, is listening to what they have to say. They'll make sure new messages get through, such as ""this job isn't challenging enough"" or ""I'm not having fun"". If they DON'T make those messages and still leave, it means they didn't think you would be able to change those circumstances. But, of course, that is more or less [equity theory](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equity_theory#Equity_theory_in_business) in practice. (edit: just to be clear, the point I'm trying to make here is that star employees have no problems voicing their discontent with current affairs)  (edited out some details that could be used to identify the business)"
Gold's value starts with the fact that its supply is steady and by nature it's durable. In other words, the amount of gold traded each year (The Supply and Demand) is small relative to the existing total stock. This acting as a bit of a throttle on its value, as does the high cost of mining. Mines will have yields that control whether it's profitable to run them. A mine may have a $600/oz production cost, in which case it's clear they should run full speed now with gold at $1200, but if it were below $650 or so, it may not be worth it. It also has a history that goes back millennia, it's valued because it always was. John Maynard Keynes referred to gold as an archaic relic and I tend to agree. You are right, the topic is controversial. For short periods, gold will provide a decent hedge, but no better than other financial instruments. We are now in an odd time, where the stock market is generally flat to where it was 10 years ago, and both cash or most commodities were a better choice.  Look at sufficiently long periods of time, and gold fails. In my history, I graduated college in 1984, and in the summer of 82 played in the commodities market. Gold peaked at $850 or so. Now it's $1200. 50% over 30 years is hardly a storehouse of value now, is it? Yet, I recall Aug 25, 1987 when the Dow peaked at 2750. No, I didn't call the top. But I did talk to a friend advising that I ignore the short term, at 25 with little invested, I only concerned myself with long term plans. The Dow crashed from there, but even today just over 18,000 the return has averaged 7.07% plus dividends. A lengthy tangent, but important to understand. A gold fan will be able to produce his own observation, citing that some percent of one's holding in gold, adjusted to maintain a balanced allocation would create more positive returns than I claim. For a large enough portfolio that's otherwise well diversified, this may be true, just not something I choose to invest in. Last - if you wish to buy gold, avoid the hard metal. GLD trades as 1/10 oz of gold and has a tiny commission as it trades like a stock. The buy/sell on a 1oz gold piece will cost you 4-6%. That's no way to invest. Update - 29 years after that lunch in 1987, the Dow was at 18448, a return of 6.78% CAGR plus dividends. Another 6 years since this question was asked and Gold hasn't moved, $1175, and 6 years' worth of fees, 2.4% if you buy the GLD ETF. From the '82 high of $850 to now (34 years), the return has a CAGR of .96%/yr or .56% after fees. To be fair, I picked a relative high, that $850. But I did the same choosing the pre-crash 2750 high on the Dow.
Congratulations on making it at minimum you are close to a 2 millionaire if I understand your numbers correctly.  Here is what I would do if I woke up in your shoes: 1)  Take some time.  Budget some money and time.  Go live abroad, take hang gliding lessons or become scuba certified.  Something like that.  The only thing I really dislike about your situation is that your wife may be precluded on going with you due to her business concerns.  During this time dream, plan and decide what you want your life to look like.  You seem to understand that you won't be happy doing nothing for a really long time.  Its not a big deal if you blow 50K or so doing this.  Take the wife to Paris, go visit the Galapagos Islands.  2)  You are going to have to become wise about investing.  I'd put close to one million in stock based mutual funds.  That may sound scary, and you might seek others out to help you with this transition.  I feel like that your time spent in your business may have precluded you delving into this area of knowledge.  For now, you may just want to stick it all in interest bearing accounts, and slowly invest the money.  Don't invest in things you don't understand, and you have to be on the look out for the next Bernie Madoff.   3)  Its hard to speak to your desire to downsize your home.  You could probably buy a nice ranch in Nevada from the sale of your home if that is what you desire, but you may kind of hate something like that. 4)  Could you start more of a boutique business?  Not one that occupies all of your time, but one that takes 20-40 hours per week.  Something that interests you, not something that is overly a chore.  Perhaps you can consult in the field that your former business was in.  You most certainly have a lot of intelligent things to say.   5)  Be generous.  Find worthwhile charities to give time and money to.   Congratulations again.  Take some time to dream, and then make those things happen.   Edit:  You may need to make new friends.  Actually wealthy people are a very small segment of the population and are out numbered by people who act wealthy.  Its going to be hard, but you need to find people that have a certain level of wealth but are also don't make you uncomfortable with their level of spending (either high or low).
The point I made is it isn't 'free' trade, it's a race to the bottom where workers in the most developed countries are the ones that pay - at the same time that they are supposed to be consuming those products.  So as you follow it through, its pretty obvious that in the end it falls apart, and that in the meantime it's the businesses that benefit and the workers everywhere who pay. There's nothing 'free' about it.  Fair trade is better than free trade.
Well, if that's the case the whole article is rubbish because it's not Goldman-Sachs who are excluded, but practically everyone.  This [Vanguard Emerging Markets Government Bond fund](https://personal.vanguard.com/us/funds/snapshot?FundIntExt=INT&amp;FundId=3820#tab=2), which you might have in your 401k, is holding $26M worth of them. That was the first place I thought to look for Venezuelan bonds - I'd expect practically every global emerging markets bond fund would be holding some.  [The executive order only applies to some new funds which have been issued to two government entities and which appear not to have been sold outside Venezuela yet.](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-25/with-u-s-bond-sanctions-walls-close-in-on-venezuela-s-regime)  Edit: [another article from Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-08-25/it-s-hard-to-quit-venezuela-s-debt-when-it-pays-so-well):  &gt; And yet investors have actually been warming up to Venezuelan bonds in the past week. The nation's dollar-denominated debt has gained nearly 1 percent in the period, while notes of the state-owned Petroleos de Venezuela have returned 1.7 percent.   &gt; … anyone who's been plowing money into emerging-market bond funds recently is most likely also investing in Venezuela because its debt makes up about 2 percent of a main broad benchmark that many EM investors use as a guide.
Nah, most of it was dumbass panic buying at absurd markups. It's annoying since ammo prices go up for pretty much no good reason except the herd has been scared into stampeding cause someone heard Obama fart.
voip voice Hello dear, i have good quality Mobile  dialer. Just install dialer software and give login and password then make call.,We have Nine Canadian &amp; UK dialer with highest voice. you can use all dialer in same account. if you like good quality service, please contact with us. Looking for Reseller. India mobile——–2200 mins Bangladesh Mobile–700/750/1200/1350 mins Pakistan Mobile—- 1500 mins Price=29$/107AED/ 11.1348 Omr/ 109 SAR/1380 Rupee/2100 taka If you don’t like that packages then We will create card as your demand. Or we will give to you reseller panel then you can create card as you like.   Thanks and Regards Masum salestalkdialer@gmail.com mobiledialer788@yahoo.com Mobile: 08801711062213
"A lot of these aren't so much cliches as they are just slang, idioms, or turns of phrases.  There's nothing ""corporate speak"" about ""deal with it"". You can say ""it's our biggest profit-maker"" but ""it's our cash cow"" sounds more casual and everyone gets it.  ""Rubber meets the road"",   ""stepping up to the plate"",   ""perfect storm"",   ""lipstick on a pig"",   ""facing headwind"",   ""move the needle"",   ""put a face to the name"",   ""my 2 cents"",   ""burning a candle on both ends"",   ""drinking from the firehose"",   and really most of these aren't even BUSINESS cliches. They're just good old fashioned regular cliches that EVERYONE uses. Most of them have rural origins and honestly, exceptionally normal."
"What you're referring to is usually called an ""investment club"". If you're serious about it, it's a great way of collectively learning about investing and organizing a cooperative venture.  A friend of the family has been involved with an investment club for about 30 years. It's a great way to keep in touch, learn and invest."
Technically Bitcoin is both blockchain and currency.  As an alternative, Ethereum is its own blockchain that uses Ether as its currency.  By simply calling 'Bitcoin' a fraud, it is easy to assume he can be talking about Bitcoin the currency, or Bitcoin the blockchain.
"That's the problem.  The industry says ""our product costs X for this number of uses"".  ""Activists"" say ""but I still want it, so I'm going to find it for free"".       It's hard to see piracy advocates as an army of people fighting for free speech when time and time again, it is just people who want something, but don't feel like paying the going rate."
Better in terms of what? less taxes paid? or more money to save for retirement? In terms of retirement, it would be better for you to keep the condo you currently have for at least two reasons: You wouldn't incur the penalties and fees from buying and selling a home. Selling and buying a home comes with a multitude of fees and expenses that aren't included in your estimation. You aren't saddled with a mortgage payment again. You aren't paying a mortgage payment right now. If you set aside the amount you would be paying towards that, it more than covers your taxes, with plenty left over to put towards retirement.
I'm currently using Halifax. Pros: Cons: I'm might start using TD Waterhouse in future, as they claim to have no admin charge.
Profits go to the owners of the corporation for providing capitol. CAT is paying around 2% ... a little under $2/year/share in dividends. (note that dividends come out of profits, not before.) A 2% return on investment isn't a terrible thing. It's not great, but in current economic conditions, it's respectable.  Looking at their financial statements, they don't have tons of cash on the books relative to what they spend in a quarter. They do have a fair chunk of their assets tied up in inventory. On the books, that goes down as a profit - kinda. It's mostly neutral accounting wise - money went out, inventory came in. You now have an asset worth exactly what you spent on it. The biggest growth in assets over the last couple of years has been in inventory. The amount in inventory is greater than assets minus liabilities. Then again, so is cash on hand, but the cash flow rate is also pretty high because the margins are low.  So... yeah... they're making more money, but they're also investing most of that back into the capital costs of growing the business. New machinery, inventory that they can sell, business development in new markets, etc. Remember that capital costs are considered neutral - you receive an asset in return. This is distinct from operating costs which come straight to the bottom line.
In theory*, if a company has 1m shares at $10 and does a 10 for 1 split, then the day after it has 10m shares at $1 (assuming no market move). So both the price and the number of share change, keeping the total value of the company unchanged. Regarding your BIS, I suspect that the new number of shares has not been reported yet because it's an ETF (the number of shares in issue changes everyday due to in/out flows). Your TWX example is not ideal either because there was a spin off on the same day as the stock split so you need to separate the two effects. * Some studies have documented a positive stock split effect - one of the suggested reasons is that the stock becomes more liquid after the split. But other studies have rejected that conclusion, so you can probably safely consider that on average it will not have a material effect.
I suppose that's true and it would eventually level out.  But again, that's pure speculation, especially given the history of TSLA et al.  Typically, when we talk about market irrationality, we are thinking of companies that don't just simply have huge PE ratios but also companies with no history suggesting this will ever change.  TSLA is like that.    Sure there are plenty of companies out there that have giant PE ratios but they also have a history of delivering on promises and growing profits.  TSLA doesn't have that history so it makes you wonder why people believe anything will ever be different for the nearterm.  It's really just pure speculation.  Especially with how TSLA constantly under delivers on forecasts.    Nothing wrong with losing money as a start up or even as a more mature company exploring new horizons, but TSLA goes beyond that as just a trainwreck of an investment.  They heavily utilize gov't subsidies and continue to lose money--meanwhile their CEO is in dreamland trying to build a Hyperloop, create revolutionary batteries, automate consumer and commercial vehicles, stop AI, explore nuclear fusion, and a shitload more.
Regarding #1: use the free online version of turbotax and start to play with the numbers for the different options for filing. It can make a difference, based on the imbalance between the couples income. Also filing married but separate can eleiminate some deductions/credits. Regarding #2: when you submit your taxes use the forecasting tool in turbotax to see if you should adjust your withholding. 2012 will be tricky because unless you changed your withholding in early 2011 to account for the change in status, your refund/owe number for 2011 will be unrelated to what will happen in 2012.  Make sure you meet the safe harbor requirements, enough withheld to equal the previous years tax. Joe Taxpayer tried to give you a formula regarding exemptions, here is another explanation: Each exemption is worth a percent of $3800. If you are in the 10% bracket that means it is worth $380 per year.  If you got a big refund or wrote a big check, adjust accordingly. Regarding #4: getting a match is great. Make sure you leave nothing on the table. Other than that it won't make a difference which one you pick.  Look at the funds available, investment types, expenses and go with the one that makes the most sense to maximize. Remember you are not getting interest on the 401Ks you are investing and getting returns. There is no way to know which investment fund will be better in 2012.
Not sure how your companies bonus structure is setup but bonuses are typically based on performance. Commission drives sales people to sell more but once you get to a certain threshold you may find that a sales person is earning enough to quench their hunger for more so their drive may diminish somewhat. Bonuses help bridge that gap e.g. you get $NN bonus at the end of the year if you sell $YY by the end of the year. This helps ensure the company to reach it's financial goals so the people who make the products can still get paid.   EDIT: I don't agree that a company should make bonuses par for the course. If the company is not doing well, no-one should get bonuses.
God, if the last **[partial audit that revealed trillions in secret loans](http://www.goldstockbull.com/articles/federal-reserve-secret-bank-bailouts-topped-16-trillion/)** wasn't enough- I can't see why we wouldn't give them a full audit.   31 USC § 714 - AUDIT OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION COUNCIL, FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD, FEDERAL RESERVE BANKS, FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, AND OFFICE OF COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY   (a) In this section, “agency” means the Financial Institutions Examination Council, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (in this section referred to as the “Board”), Federal reserve banks, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. (b) Under regulations of the Comptroller General, the Comptroller General shall audit an agency, but may carry out an onsite examination of an open insured bank or bank holding company only if the appropriate agency has consented in writing. **Audits of the Board and Federal reserve banks may not include—** (1) transactions for or with a foreign central bank, government of a foreign country, or nonprivate international financing organization; (2) deliberations, decisions, or actions on monetary policy matters, including discount window operations, reserves of member banks, securities credit, interest on deposits, and open market operations; (3) transactions made under the direction of the Federal Open Market Committee; or (4) a part of a discussion or communication among or between members of the Board and officers and employees of the Federal Reserve System related to clauses (1)–(3) of this subsection. (c) (1) Except as provided in this subsection, an officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose information identifying an open bank, an open bank holding company, or a customer of an open or closed bank or bank holding company. The Comptroller General may disclose information related to the affairs of a closed bank or closed bank holding company identifying a customer of the closed bank or closed bank holding company only if the Comptroller General believes the customer had a controlling influence in the management of the closed bank or closed bank holding company or was related to or affiliated with a person or group having a controlling influence. (2) An officer or employee of the Office may discuss a customer, bank, or bank holding company with an official of an agency and may report an apparent criminal violation to an appropriate law enforcement authority of the United States Government or a State. (3) Except as provided under paragraph (4), an officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose to any person outside the Government Accountability Office information obtained in audits or examinations conducted under subsection (e) and maintained as confidential by the Board or the Federal reserve banks. (4) This subsection shall not— (A) authorize an officer or employee of an agency to withhold information from any committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction of Congress, or any member of such committee or subcommittee; or (B) limit any disclosure by the Government Accountability Office to any committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction of Congress, or any member of such committee or subcommittee.  ...  http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/31/714     The people here who are under an illusion the federal reserve has any sort of meaningful audit, and that it is coincidental that the last audit outside of this limited scope resulted in the information related to trillions of secret loans is very deluded or brainwashed.  Open your fucking eyes, world! The federal reserve bank exists to rob you of the country your fathers conquered!
So because a company has been an extremely successful investment it's like Bitcoin? So do you avoid all successful investments because they are like Bitcoin? Because that's only similarity between Tesla and Bitcoin is the fact that they have both produced substantial returns. If you just avoid companies with substantial returns because they are like Bitcoin than you need to rethink your investing strategy.
&gt;It sounds like you might not be in the target demographic for the service, but that doesn't mean there is no market for it.  I agree 100%.  I wasn't saying it was a dumb business to continue growing.  Just giving my own dumb opinions concerning my own dumb situation.  The disabled sisters across the way get Peapod (a grocery delivery service) regularly.  My sister and brother-in-law (who have kids like you mentioned) use Amazon Now (or something like it) already and appreciate not having to make as many grocery trips.  As far as specific items, I'd just worry about the store being out.  It isn't uncommon for us to get groceries from three (or more) different stores in a given weekend.  Again, we're not the target market.
"That's interesting, I didn't know that.  I'm in the sales/marketing field myself, so this is a very strange idea to me.    It seems like this could help contribute to their problems though...I'd like to think that I'm a relatively intelligent and successful individual, and I would hate the prospect of entering an environment like that.  Don't get me wrong, a job at MSFT is still a job at MSFT.  There are few companies that can offer their level of job security.  But, to know that no matter how much of an asset I'd make myself, that I'm just ""climbing"" a rigid ladder...that's a bit rough.  Obviously, you always have to work your way up any where, but I could see how that might turn away motivated and ambitious talent."
A 'bailout' is money from the government to keep open a business that is no longer viable and by rights deserves to fail.  What happened in this case was different. All banks rely on the overnight bank lending market for liquidity. It is the grease that oils the wheels of international banking. That is not a sign of weakness or recklessness. It is just standard banking practice. In 2008, during the failure of Bear Stearns and the Lehman Shock the overnight lending market simply stopped operating as nobody knew who they could trust and as a result nobody trusted anybody. Something needed to temporarily replace this overnight lending until the crisis was over. This is what that cash infusion was. It was not a bailout.
How important sales people are in an organisation has been said but in some companies there is a bonus model among developers too.   The problem is that it's harder to see a direct relationship between profit and lines of code than it is to see between profit and number of orders.   I'm used to have bonuses to the developers based on 1. keeping deadline and 2. the customer response on the product.  that way the developers tend to work faster and create more quality user experiences.  By setting up quality guide lines that are easy to measure every company can have a bonus model for developers.
"I'm in a similar boat. I've come to a simple conclusion. There are three choices:  * Get something liquid that paces inflation. Stocks or bonds or something. Your 500USD 2014 dollars will still be worth about 500USD 2014 dollars in the future. If you need the change, you pull it and spend it.  * Upfront capital for something entrepreneurial. I don't know what to do, you don't either. Whatever it is it's probably a fuckton of work. I've heard stories about guys busting ass for a lawnmowing business and employing their peers for pennies on the dollar. 8 bucks is in the range of minimum wage. Charge 15 bucks an hour for your service and you've just become the recipient of 7 ""free"" dollars an hour for somebody else's labor. Congrats, you've got the first taste of capitalism.  * Buy a motorcycle. Fun. Cheap. Sexy. Fun. Economical. Fun. Pushes all the right buttons for those in our position: you get economical transportation, it's fun as hell, and bitches love it. Wear leathers.  I think I'd choose the motorcycle. Youth is fleeting, money is infinite. Don't be the average first-time Harley purchaser: 50 years old and way too old to enjoy it."
"You know what helped me? Asking this question:   ""What happens if this fails utterly and miserably?""  When you really assess that question,and answer it honestly and rationally, you will probably find that you stand to lose very little in the grand scheme. Some cash. Some time. But there will be more of both. And if you've got the cajones to pursue your own business now, you'll have still have them if your first attempt goes bottom-up.  The best thing about this exercise is that it forces you to realize that you aren't ever going to be homeless, barring some mental breakdown and/or crippling addiction."
Not that I disagree with your points, but what would you suggest?  Can enough of us voluntarily drop out of the system to crash it?  What does someone do if they realize they chose a bad major and can't afford to go back to school?    How would you instruct someone to take control of their life, that has next to no money, or is in debt, or needs a rat race job to survive another day?  What are some viable alternatives to being held hostage by the system?
It's a trade off either way - spread our stuff around and more people see precisely what we're doing. China was going to invest in developing this anyhow.   Not clear at all to me which is better or worse for our security - though this outcome probably pisses off our defense contractors.
A few more possible headlines:  * Good prospects for prefab home manufacturers, as costs for in-place construction rise * Small construction outfits squeezed as large firms bring high-dollar technology to bear * Inside the sudden fad of [extruded-concrete construction](https://www.engadget.com/2017/03/07/apis-cor-3d-printed-house/) * Makers of Roomba reportedly designing an off-sidewalk robotic porter; prototypes seen carrying materials at construction sites
"Frequently selling and buying properties is generally not advisable in Germany due to the high cost for property purchase tax (""Grunderwerbssteuer"") and land registration fees (""Grundbucheintrag""). You can generally assume that ever time you trade homes, you pay about 10% extra. So it is likely a good idea to keep your property and rent it out while you don't need it so you can use the rent to pay for your new room. That's especially true if you expect the property to increase in value. Also, due to the low interest rate right now, real estate is practically the only good capital investment. A 85k asset which makes you 4.8k each year is a return of investment of 5.6%*. Any financial asset promising you that kind of dividend at the moment is likely equivalent to gambling. * yes, I ignored maintenance costs, but it's still a really good deal. If you want to rent out your flat as stress-free as possible, give it to a property management company (""Hausverwalter""). In exchange for a percentage of the monthly rent they will take care of all the small stuff (like hiring handymen to fix broken toilets). You might still have to pay for really expensive investments, though (like replacing a leaking roof). But when something like that happens, you should have no issue to finance it with a loan because you have a real estate as a security.  However, keep in mind that the German tenancy law might make it difficult (but not impossible) to get rid of the tenant in case you want to move back into the apartment. Google ""Mietrecht Eigenbedarf"" for more details. Should you decide after your study that you don't want to move back, you can always sell the flat with the tenant. But rented properties usually get far lower prices on the real estate market than empty ones. Regarding covering your cost of living besides rent during your studies: If you are eligible for BAföG (state-sponsored student loan), you should take it, because it's an offer simply too good to refuse. It's literally free money. But unfortunately you are not, because you own too much real estate wealth you are not living in. But you should ask your bank for a loan backed by said property. That way you will likely pay far less interest than with a regular private student loan which isn't backed by anything except the hope for a relevant degree."
I find indexing minimum wage to inflation helps put upward pressure on non minimum wages due to behavior of humans. If a person working at say $30/hr sees someone working at minimum wage getting a pay raise, the person at $30/hr is going to feel like they are falling behind and more likely to ask for a raise.   I do not shop at Wal-Mart due to how they treat their employees.
"If you forgot to put the name on the ""pay to the order of"" line then anybody who gets their hands on the check can add their name to the check and deposit it at their bank into their account. If it goes to the correct person they will have an easy time making sure that the check is made out correctly. They don't have to worry about that picky teller who doesn't know what to do with a check made out to Billy Smith and a drivers license for Xavier William Smith. On the other hand... a criminal will also be able to make sure it is processed exactly the way they want it. If I made it out to a small business or a person I would let them know. You might not have a choice but to wait and see what happens if it was sent to a large business, the payment processing center could be a long way from where you will be calling."
whenever these securities are bought by the govt, they are retired.  Treasury sells bonds to the private sector market, if the central bank buys them back from the private sector market, then they are retired.  Treasury no longer are beholden to them.    When central bank buys toxic mortgages bonds, they bought only  enough to ensure stability and trust again in the banking system.     The homeowners mortgages should be forgiven since the US govt bought them, but, since we don't know who owns what due to mixing of the MBS and grading them triple A etc.., and the MERS program is such a mess, then it's up to the individual homeowners to fight in the courts that they should be absolved of the mortgage.  For the homeowners that don't have money to pay lawyers, then they gets foreclosed upon.
It depends completely on the nature of the takeover. When a business is bought, the new owner takes on the obligations of the prior owner, the debts don't just go away. When a business files for bankruptcy, its debts may get discharged, and gift card holders can easily be the first ones to get nothing back. A case in point was Sharper Image who stopped honoring gift cards even while the doors were open as they filed for bankruptcy.
"Here's my attempt at ""Options for Kids"" ""Hey kid... So you have this video game that you paid $50 for that you want to sell two months from now"" ""Yes, Mr. Video Game Broker, but I want to lock in a price so I know how much to save for a new Tickle Me Elmo for my baby sister."" ""Ok, for $3, I'll sell you a 'Put' option so you can sell the game for $40 in two months."" .... One month later .... ""Hey, Mr. Video Game Broker, I can't wait to get this new Tickle Me Elmo for my little sister for Christmas, but its hard to get and I'm afraid prices will go up. I can only spend $100!"" ""Ok kid, for $4 I'll sell you a 'Call' option to buy a Tickle me Elmo on December 21st for $95. If you can find it cheaper, the option can expire, otherwise $95 is the most you will pay!"""
The thing people don't get is that it's not only the poor who are in danger anymore, but former middle class as well, who has shrunk into poverty. The health of society is measured by the size and prosperity of the middle class, and whether it moves up or down.  In this case, I fear them leading the social unrest.
ATR really looks at the volatility within the day -- So you would be able to see if the stock is becoming more or less volatile in daily trading.  This is often useful for charting and finding entry and exit locations.   Traditional historic volatility (as you cited) will give you a look at the long term volatility of the security.  The example of this is that there could be trends up or down but the same daily volatility (same ATR) There are methods that try to incorporate both intraday information along with historic volatility.  As for which is a better measure of volatility-- it depends on what you are using the measure for.
Welcome to Neosize Xl. We are the best penis enlargement supplements provider company, which is located in Shelton, USA. We provide the best penis enlargement supplements service in the United States from previous many years. We provide the 100 % natural herbal food additive goals at the stable increase of your penis size. If you want to any supplement for your penis increment size, you can contact our website and make your order through our neosize xl in stores.
Talk to the property manager and explain your situation. They may be more willing to work with you than you think. At the very least they will tell you if you should even bother filling out the application. In most cases they are obligated to do a background and credit check so you will have to provide them with the required information one way or another. What they are really looking for is your ability to pay the rent. Property managers take a lot more things into consideration than a mortgage company would for a loan. If you have a history of paying on time in the past (a reference from a previous landlord perhaps) and if you show proof of the ability to pay now and in the future they will usually take that into consideration regardless of what the credit check says. It all depends on how motivated they are to fill the rental and how willing they are to take on a potential risk. Keep in mind property managers don't make money on empty rentals.
Can you get a bank account in the US?  Yes. Can you get a bank account with a specific bank in the US?  That depends on the bank. There's more paperwork involved, and not all banks offer the service.  I would guess that the big retail banks (US Bank, Bank of America, JP Morgan / Chase, et al) are most likely to, but they are also the ones with the worst reputations for customer service.
"With any institution or organization, you're always going to have top, middle, and bottom performers. I don't think we should select prospective employees based on schools or brands, but the world is a vast place and having those things like brands as markers or indicators serves as a practical heuristic for recruiters. However, Many of my past colleagues from non ""top brand"" institutions are just as smart and capable. The idea is that the more selective the educational institution, the more likely it is to filter for top candidates who can then be fed into companies down the road. But the reality is that the filter is very narrow due to class size and school size so a lot of equally qualified candidates also get filtered out of the school because of marginal differences or sometimes just random luck. Therefore these incredible students end up attending their next top choice. That's the reason we shouldn't only hire from top schools. More talented people overflow to other schools.   As a side note, Malcolm Gladwell is like the Myth Busters tv show, but for books. Entertaining, but ultimately flawed in several ways that he analyzes statistics and interprets data.   Source: HBS MBA class of 2015. Currently interning at Amazon for summer. Will provide proof if required."
This is the problem the Republican party has backed themselves into. The idea that, somehow, compensation is *ever* correlated to job creation. Because it isn't. It never has been, especially in CEO pay. Chief executives mostly get payed based on performance, return on investment, increases in shareholder value, etc. This is, in fact, how it works in most front-office jobs on wall street, whether you're an analyst (very low) or a managing director (higher up). As an example, note that both B of A and Goldman's CEOs got their pay cut by a third. They also get these huge increases because all of their wages are public, so people are well aware that there are *very* good counteroffers from other employers.
Putting money into your Amazon gift card balance is also a very convenient option, but I like these recurring Red Cross and Wikipedia ideas also.
I want to transfer about 60 Lakhs INR from my NRO account in India to my US bank account  Yes you can. However there is some paperwork you need to follow. As per FEMA [Foreign Exchange Management Act], any transfer by individuals outside of India need the 15CA & 15CB form. The 15CB is from a CA to state that taxes have been paid on the funds being transferred. The limit is 1 million USD per year. Read more at Liberalized Remittance Scheme and here. What is the best way to transfer it with minimum fees/taxes Assuming you were already declaring the funds held in Banks outside of US in your regular IRS filings, there is no other formality. Question on Minimum fees service recommendation is out of scope on this site. Outward remittance can only be done by Bank Transfer.
"&gt;  Israeli control of America's economy, the Fed the Treasury  Sure! You make me, a Jew and Israeli, so elated that somehow Jews and Israel, less than 2% of USA population, 0.01% of world population control the USA, the Media and the Banks. What else do we control?  &gt; The Palestinians, can't even get water and medical supplies  Go ahead and show me one article or picture of ""Palestinians"" dying of thirst or untreated diseases.  In the real world, obesity among the Arabs in Gaza and WB is far worst than in Israel. Want to read about it?  &gt; As America's economy fails and Military power wanes  What an American patriot you are.  You know so much! So I am sure you can refute what I previously wrote to you:  &gt;&gt;Back to ""Palestine"", a short real true and verifiable historical summary: There was never ever a country or nation of ""Palestine"". The only reason we hear about ""Palestine"" and ""Palestinians"" today is because in 1967 Israel liberated the local Arabs from a 1948 occupation(!!!!!) by Egypt and Jordan of land given to them by the UN, for which Israel agreed to. If the 1967 events never happened, you would not hear today about ""Palestine"" and ""Palestinians"". True or false?  &gt;&gt;So, Israel never wanted to be a ""Greater Israel"" to rule over millions of additional Arabs as part of its democracy or ""occupation"" - more Arabs than Jews!!!! Israel is not that dumb. True or false?  &gt;&gt; The blockade is actually by Egypt and Israel. Check the map! Egypt has a lllllooooonnngggg border with Gaza. True or false?  &gt;&gt; The local Arabs can have a ""Palestine"" for themselves already in 1948 (if they agreed to the UN partition plan) or 1967 after they were liberated by Israel. Israel has only one condition, in 1948 and in 1967, for a ""Palestine"": that ""Palestine"" needs to be a nice neighbor to Israel. They don't want to be nice, so no ""Palestine"" until they grow up. True or false?"
By the time you've earned the income, it is basically too late to decide who it belongs to[*].  If the assets belong to one person, income from those assets must be declared by that person.  If you earn interest on a shared account, you must declare 50% of it each.  And so on.  (If you're tempted to fudge it bear in mind that banks report to the ATO about interest paid and account ownership.) I don't think Family Tax Benefits are taxable income, but I don't get them myself so I don't know. What you can do is think about how you want things arranged going forward.  That means making a prediction about who will have the higher income; it sounds like that's going to be you, and she will be working at most part time. Therefore she should hold anything that generates taxable income (bank accounts etc) and you should hold anything that generates losses (negatively-geared investments, charitable deductions, etc).  You could look into making a voluntary super contribution into her account which (imbw) will be deductible for you and get it into a lower-tax area. If you're earning on the order of $30k per annum in interest you're looking at paying $11500 tax on it if it's in your name vs $5k if it's in hers, so it's not a moot point. $420k in cash is arguably quite a lot, and perhaps you want to look at putting some of it into a low-cost balanced managed fund, such as those from Vanguard.  That will be somewhat more tax effective, though less stable.  If you're looking to buy a new house within a few years perhaps cash is the best place for it. [*] One kind-of exception is that if you have a family trust, the trust can decide at the end of the year to whom it will distribute its income.  However, you still have to decide to establish a trust in advance.
Alright bud- I took the day off today so I'll play along. I'm going to focus my answers to be US-centric because this is the realm in which I have experience; if you're from elsewhere then accept my apology in advance.  &gt; So you're saying a company has no responsibility whatsoever to ensure its employees make fair wages?   No, I'm not saying that- a company has a legal responsibility to ensure employees make wages considered fair under the FLSA, for one, including any municipal or state laws surrounding employee pay. As far as I know, litigation surrounding Uber's FLSA issues is still pending and as I'm not a federal judge I can't weigh in on the legality of their various pending lawsuits.  &gt; That the market will determine a person's salary based on their valuability?  I'm also not saying that- it's weird of you to keep putting words in my mouth. I don't disagree with that sentiment but I definitely didn't argue it as a point in my earlier comment.  &gt; What if market forces align to reduce wages in order to increase profitability?  Market forces do this on a regular basis at the corporate level- this is called a negative profit margin and it's literally happening right now (or probably in about 10 minutes when the NYSE opens) with a company who's product you're using to write this comment. It'll also probably trend back upward in the time it takes me to finish this comment. Unfortunately salaries and compensation packages for employees of most types are flat and focused on averages based on something called math. The concept is more technically referred to as profit equals revenue minus cost, with cost being a floating variable dependent on (you guessed it) market forces. This gets a lot more complicated as you delve into specifics and as you seem to have a fairly untenable grasp on business operations as it is I'm worried it's futile to get too much more specific.  &gt; That's exactly what's happened in the last 30 years and people like you protecting corporate greed is the reason why living wages has stagnated barely matching inflation while executive salaries have skyrocteted.   I'm not certain what I did to 'protect corporate greed' in my comment besides buy a product I want at a cost I deemed fair, but ignoring that- the CEO pay vs employee pay argument has been debunked about a thousand times over by anyone who, again, understands math- it's division this time so be careful not to sprain something. A quick google search shows a figure reflecting Wal-Mart's CEO's total compensation at ~$22mm including stock options, salary, and bonuses. Another google search shows a total 2.1mm employees of the company. Quick division reflects that each employee could pocket about $10.5 a year if the firm outright did not pay their CEO by which that means they don't have a CEO, and thus do not have a functioning company. Congratulations, your logic just made 2 million people unemployed.  &gt; You're either ignorant of the big picture, or a shill for a system that exploits the masses.  Sorry- I'm new to this subreddit so I don't know if this is what passes for intelligent discussion around here; but that's a very narrow way of looking at the world. I could also say '[you're] either ignorant of business operations, or a shill for non-functioning economies'; but I'd like to believe an individual with the ability to use a computer is not that illiterate.  I'm confused about your argument as a whole- are you saying I shouldn't shop at Wal-Mart or take an Uber because these companies don't pay their employees salaries you've deemed 'fair'? Can I get a list of places I'm allowed to buy things from, then?
How can you not know? Brand new technology. Infection would be less likely if it seemed that the people doing this cared about the well being of the research subject. They don't have to take them out, but my point was that if they don't then they still have them. [Copying NFC chips is already being done](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.skjolberg.nfc.clone2&amp;hl=en). Stalking is simply a matter of doing the same thing that the company is in tracking the subject.  My motivation: when I was 10, I read a book that you might have heard of : 1984. Scared me to death. Still haunts me.
"I like this idea. Maybe we could even get dedicated lanes for this on highways. Or they could even have their own roads! Then they could pull more trailers. And to increase efficiency, we could replace the road surface and wheels with something with less drag...like maybe steel on steel? Heck, we could even have just a couple of power units for hundreds of tons of cargo.   I got it, we can call them ""trains""."
I don't know Australian law, but I will give my US perspective here.  The custom in the US is for officers and directors to be indemnified by the corporation, and that LLCs have an even broader power to indemnify (even to remove the duty of loyalty!).  Moreover, directors will typically be able to purchase D&O insurance to protect them from loss in the event of liability. For US corporations (not LLCs), the duty of care (prudence) requires that directors behave responsibly in weighing major decisions, and consult experts and specialists before coming to rash decisions.  It usually becomes a court case in the context of a large public company in the midst of an acquisition event.  The only people with standing (in the US) are shareholders.  If all the other shareholders are directors, then it may be hard for them to blame you. Additionally, if you are concerned about the propriety of your actions, there may be sources to rely on.  First, discussion with your fellow directors can be a helpful guide (though will not usually immunize you from any accusation of wrongdoing), and disclosure tends to cure almost any accusation of breaching the duty of loyalty.  Second, boards often secure the advice of legal counsel, and sometimes bring on lawyers as members or will outright hire counsel for the board.  Third, there may be services that will provide you with generic advice (e.g. UK Companies House and US-based IOD), which might set you at ease a little bit. I don't know the details of Australian law, as I say.  But my sense of common law countries is that, like the US, they are primarily concerned about negligence (incompetently or imprudently neglecting to understand the business and make informed decisions), disloyalty (fraudulently engaging in self-interested transactions that either hurt the company or should have been offered to the company), and recklessness (not bothering to seek out information).  As long as you are active, informed, engaged, and not engaging in secret deals outside the company (especially deals where either side is competing with the company), then that would be more than sufficient under the US standard. If you are concerned about liability, then inquire into indemnifications by the company (in the US, the company can usually pay all legal costs of directors), insurance, and legal counsel.  I imagine your business partners are no more savvy than you are.  My impression is you are overreacting to relatively rare and exotic expression of corporate law (at least in the US). But I'll close by repeating that I don't know Australian corporate law.
120 markets in under 6 months is slow?  The network is improving dramatically. I've had only one speed problem in the last 4 years and that was last July. Everything has been quite excellent since.  Once they inject that 800 mhz spectrum, everyone will see quite an improvement.
&gt; Average walmart pay is less than $10/hour.   My friend worked at Amazon in Schertz, Texas. Single mother. Made $9/hr. She had to quit her job because between daycare and driving to work, gas cost too much. Amazon is hoping to replace all warehouse operations with robots by 2019.
I can't address Indian law but US law has no problems with you having savings accounts in India.  Furthermore, there are no tax consequences from paying off the student loan. However there is big problem here--while the US has no rules against foreign bank accounts it has reporting rules that you certainly have violated (if you hadn't violated them you wouldn't be asking the question.) 1)  Those foreign bank accounts must be listed on your tax return. 2)  Those foreign bank accounts must be listed on a PDF that's filed with the (Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.  (Yes, it's very stupid they need identical information sent to two different departments.) 2)  The interest you earned on that bank account is income that should have been reported on your return. As for what to do about it--this is the realm where you get professional help.  As for the outcome--since you didn't set out to cheat they have a much less harsh system set up.  Expect to amend your 2012 and 2013 returns (and 2014 if you've already filed it), pay interest and late-payment penalties on the additional tax caused by the interest and pay a penalty of 5% of the highest total value of the accounts. Since the discovery of large amounts of money being hidden from the taxman in Swiss bank accounts Congress has gone 1000# gorilla about it and been pressuring foreign banks to cough up the details on any US-citizen or US-resident depositors.
Makes sense. Why should a company support a group giving it negative press?  Devout followers of the free market, how do you solve this problem? People don't want to pay for news when it only talks about problems they can not fix and only indirectly affects them. That leaves companies free to keep their consumers misinformed.
I got notice from Charles Schwab that the forms weren't being mailed out until the middle of February because, for some reason, the forms were likely to change and rather than mail them out twice, they mailed them out once. Perhaps some state tax laws took effect (such as two Oregon bills regarding tax rates for higher incomes) and they waited on that. While I haven't gotten my forms mailed to me yet, I did go online and get the electronic copies that allowed me to finish my taxes already.
I am not sure if these are available today in your country:  but supposedly, back when Catholic countries similarly forbade usury, sinecures were invented to circumvent religious restrictions on finance. Meaning literally 'without care', sinecures were formally prestigious salary-paying jobs with few responsibilities. They were bought by the wealthy from the Church or State. The salaries for sinecures, accumulated over time, exceeded the initial purchase price. As such, some moderns consider sinecures usury in all but name.
My equities portfolio breaks down like this: (I'm 26 years old, so it is quite aggressive) Additionally, I have a portfolio of direct real estate investments I have made over the past 4 years.  I invested very aggressively into real estate due to the financial crisis. As a result of my aggressive investing & strong growth in real estate, my overall asset breakdown is quite out of balance. (~80% Real Estate, ~20% Equities) I will be bringing this into a more sensible balance over the next few years as I unwind some of my real estate investments & reinvest the proceeds into other asset classes. As for the alternative asset groups you mentioned, I looked quite seriously at Peer to Peer lending a few years back. (Lending Club) However, interest rates were quite low & I felt that Real Estate was a better asset class to be in at the time.   Furthermore, I was borrowing heavily to fund real estate purchases at the time, and I felt it didn't make much sense to be lending cash & borrowing at the same time.  I needed every dime I could get a hold of.  :)  I will give it another look once rates come back up. I've shied away from investing in things like actively managed mutual funds, hedge funds, etc ... not because I don't think good managers can get superior returns ... rather, in my humble opinion, if they DO get above average returns then they simply charge higher management fees to reflect their good performance. Hope this helps!
"Actuaries make serious bank. If you're good at math and statistics then that is the path my young padawan. I feel you, got my BS in Econ before getting MBA and CFA because the degree is ""worthless"" from a job perspective. Invaluable from a life perspective though. Still my favorite subject, I miss econ but no way I wanted to get the PhD necessary to do anything with it.   Sorry for the digression. CFA L3 (even L2) ≥ MFin and a lot cheaper/faster if you are smart and can handle studying on your own.  edit: I have friends in corp finance, they are miserable. If you feel under appreciated now then you probably will in that field as well. Lots of long hours of modelling and template whoring. Upside is that it is better security than most financial positions."
Whole Foods' quality standards are not as strict as you think. Their products tend not to contain certain ingredients, but I think you should read the ingredient labels further the next time you take a visit. As someone who is incredibly specific with my food preferences and admittedly snobbish about ingredients, WF has a lot of crap honestly.   And FWIW, Costco and the like sell many of the same brands that WF does, but at cheaper per unit prices.
Starting with the Dummy Forex account is a wise move for every new forex trader. Do forex trading with a dummy account at least for a year. Startling directly with real money is a terribly costly move. Therefore, it is wise to have a solid trading strategy to execute. Make sure that your strategy is realistic and practical. Most importantly, using your dummy forex account, it is must for you to make at least one or two profits in a year. At last, be sure to invest money that you can recover without any tension.
At TAPE-RITE we are “The Specialists in Specialty Tapes”SM . We stock a wide range of tapes including: double-coated, electrical, Teflon (PTFE), Kapton (Polyimide), fiberglass, foam, aluminum, cloth, military &amp; aerospace spec, high temperature and many. for details call us at: 516-406-8294 / 800-532-2309 Fax at: 516.328.0344 E-mail at: sales@taperite.com visit us: http://taperite.com/
"Because Google recently decided that they will not provide Maps for free to partners who use the data, and Apple was the largest Maps user.   Cutting the Apple created Maps app that used Google data and forcing Google to release their own app basically means Google goes from cashing checks from Apple to having to create and support an app all on their own dime.  Also, do you want to guess why Apple Maps w/ Google data didn't have features like Turn by Turn Navigation? If you guessed ""Google didn't allow Apple to have it"", you guess right.   Apple had to do it not only to try and reach feature parity, but to prevent themselves from having to pay their biggest competitor to use Maps data."
Having recently been given basically the same question it hinges on a few major factors. What does your apartment provide (e.g. heating, internet/etc)? My (personal) example. With my numbers (which includes taxes, insurance estimates, minor repairs to home as needed), also ignoring all costs that are shared (e.g. food, internet, car insurance, etc), I am only making a difference around $450 per month. In 5 years I would save ($450 * 12 * 5) $27,000. However I also have to pay costs for buying the house (transfer deed, laywer fees, home inspections, etc) which in my case cost around $3000. Not to mention selling a home has some costs (I think around $1500+ in my area) as well as the realitor taking a cut (which I also think is around 2.5% = $7,225. So we can probably estimate you would lose around $15000 at most, buying and selling the home when all final costs come in. Which means in my case I would at most be saving around $12,000... probably less (assuming I did not miss anything). So basically 12,000/(12*5) = $200 per month saved. TLDR: I don't think its worthwhile, because there is a lot of risks involved, and houses tend to require a lot of extra work/money. With apartments you have little/no risk, and can freely leave at the end.
Talk to your parents, and find out if you are reducing the debt or not.  Find buyers, sell the place now and get out the deal.  Of course you will have to wait to get a good price on it.  Short term you haven't lost that much, but long term you will. Take your 25%, and use it as a down payment on a regular bank mortgage.  Lesson learned move on.
After looking at your profile, I see your age...28.  Still a baby.  At your age, and given your profession, there really is no need to build investment income.  You are still working and should be working for many years.  If I was you, I'd be looking to do a few different things: Eliminating debt reduces risk, and also reduces the need for future income.   Saving for, and purchasing a home essentially freezes rent increases.  If home prices double in your area, in theory, so should rent prices.  If you own a home you might see some increases in taxes and insurance rates, but they are minor in comparison.  This also reduces the need for future income. Owning real estate is a great way to build residual income, however, there is a lot of risk and even if you employ a management company there is a lot more hands on work and risk. Easier then that you can build an after tax investment portfolio.  You can start off with mutual funds for diversification purposes and only after you have built a sizable portfolio should (if ever) make the transition to individual stocks. Some people might suggest DRIPs, but given the rate at which you are investing I would suggest the pain of such accounts is more hassle then it is worth.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-08/irma-s-wreckage-to-depress-u-s-economy-further-following-harvey) reduced by 80%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Hurricane Irma&amp;#039;s expected collision with Florida will probably deepen and prolong the slowdown in a U.S. economy already digesting the impact of another storm that smashed ashore in Texas two weeks ago.  &gt; The September timing of Irma threatens economic damage that will spill over into the final three months of the year, extending the volatility the U.S. was set to experience in the third quarter from Hurricane Harvey.  &gt; Irma will &amp;quot;Create further weakness in indicators that are already softening as the result of the hurricane,&amp;quot; said Michelle Meyer, head of U.S. economics at Bank of America Corp. in New York, who trimmed the tracking estimate for this quarter by 0.4 percentage point to 2.5 percent.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ywf1w/irmas_wreckage_to_depress_us_economy_further/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~206607 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Irma**^#1 **inflation**^#2 **U.S.**^#3 **quarter**^#4 **time**^#5"
I see a lot of people making the mistake or being given bad advise in structuring a new business. If you have more than one shareholder, then by all means an S Corporation is a better structure for lower taxes; avoid double taxation. If, however, this is a one shareholder S Corp, then you had better 1099 yourself as a consultant or look into sole proprietorship. The tax benefits are much better either way. Dr. Suraiya Shaik Ali
long deep ITM calls is equivalent to owning the equity.  You're going to pay alot and hence will start off in a hole already, and you aren't getting too much leverage there at all depending how deep ITM you go.  Covariance scales, but assuming B-S in order to get nice scaling and ignoring the risks you are actually taking with options (unlimited down-size ie you can lose your entire investment in the option, people forget this) will screw you unless you really know what you are dong.  Leverage means increasing your risk.  long dep ITM is not obtaining much leverage and therefore not risking too much.  but you aren't going ot get 3-4x leverage this way.  you get leverage by saying: oh, i have 100, i could invest in 1 share of stock OR I could buy 100 worth of some option.  If I pick a deep ITM (think strike = 0) it's identical to owing the stock.  If i pick ATM, i have a ~50/50 chance of wining, so i should be able to double my upside.  If I go OTM, i can increase my exposure to the upside while increasing hte chance that my options expire worthless.  So really, i have no idea why deep ITM do what you are trying to do.  and If you don't either, you probably shouldn't do it.
Wall Street is livid because WF is their competitor. WF is mostly an investment bank - they make the majority of their money from equities, bonds, currency trading, corporate services, etc. Small time auto loans aren't a huge portion of what they do. Why would something that's 1% of their business cause a 15% drop?
The broker would give you a margin call and get you to deposit more funds into your account. They wouldn't wait for the stock price to reach $30, but would take this action much earlier. More over it is very unrealistic for any stock to go up 275% over a few hours, and if the stock was this volatile the broker would be asking for a higher margin to start with. What I am really worried about is that if there were any situation like this you are not considering what you would do as part of your risk management strategy. Before writing the option you should already have an exit point at which you would buy back the option to limit your losses.
Most of the people like to buy wardrobes which would occupy less space but before you purchase them you need to consider a lot of things. You can't buy any wardrobe that in a way as there are lot of things to be checked such as quality wood, color, space and other important things.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/paris-agreement-or-not-solar-employment-looking-brighter-than-coal-2017-06-02) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Cohn told CNBC, &amp;quot;At some point in the cycle, coal will be competitive again. We want to keep coal available, we want to be in the coal business.""  &gt; The Labor Department reported Friday that 51,000 people were employed in coal mining in May. But BLS doesn&amp;#039;t break out employment in other forms of energy production in any way for comparison.  &gt; In January, the outgoing Obama administration Energy Department released a report on energy and employment that showed that over 370,000 people were employed in the solar industry, compared to 86,000 in the coal industry.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ey52u/paris_agreement_or_not_solar_employment_looking/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~135260 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **energy**^#1 **coal**^#2 **industry**^#3 **job**^#4 **economy**^#5"
"It should be pretty obvious that without knowing what sort of assets the company owns, and what sort of net earnings are being generated it's impossible to say what a $20k equity investment should get you in terms of ownership percentage.   With that said, you want to look at a few to several years of books, look for trends.  Some things to understand that might be subtle red flags: It's extremely common for early stage investors to essentially make loans rather than strictly buying shares.  In the worst case scenario creditors get to participate in liquidation proceedings before shareholders do.  You may be better off investing in this business via a loan that's convertible to equity at your discretion.   Single owner service companies are difficult because all of the net earnings go to the proprietor and that person maintains all of the relationships.  So taking something like 5 years of net earnings as the value of the company doesn't make much sense because you (or someone else) couldn't just step in and replace the owner.  Granted, you aren't contemplating taking over the business, but it negates using an X years of net earnings valuation method.  When you read about valuation there is a sort of overriding assumption that no single person could topple the operation which couldn't be farther from the truth in single employee service companies.  Additionally, understand that your investment in a single owner company hinges completely on one person's ability and willingness to work. It's really vital to understand the purpose of the funds.  Someone will be hired?  $20,000 couldn't be even six months of wages... Put things in to perspective with a pad, pen and calculator.  Don't invest in the pipe dream of a friend of yours, and DEFINITELY don't hand this person the downpayment for their new house.  The first rule of investing is ""don't lose money,"" this isn't emotional, this is a dollars and cents pragmatic process. Why does the business need this money?  How will you be paid back?   Personally, I think it would be more gratifying to put $20k in a blender and watch it blend, this is probably a horrible investment.  The risk should just be left to credit card companies."
Healthcare systems are complex and imperfect, there's no single metric. However, there's the [Bloomberg Healthcare Efficiency Index](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-29/u-s-health-care-system-ranks-as-one-of-the-least-efficient) published annually since 2012 which provides a consistent method over several years.  The most recent one shows the US being #50 out of 55 countries.  Their methodology and data sources are described at the bottom of the[ linked table](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iNK1THx4aD20/v3/-1x-1.png).
Really  . .slave of the S&amp;P . . .  Seems to me its more like the shemeckles have a great thing going, 12 banks, one for each of the one tribes of Israel  And only a shemeckle can be the head of the Fed . .so it seems to me its more like America is slave to the Fed
"&gt; Just because at some random point in time, the European economy was doing OK, doesn't mean that it will definitely be ok  I'm not claiming it will be ""definitely be ok"".    definitely ok != utterly doomed.  &gt; What happens when the Greeks default?  If they were paying in drachma, they wouldn't default.  They'd print more drachma and inflation would occur.   That's how currency imbalances adjust.  Germany wants it both ways.  They want a stable Europe-wide currency but they don't want a Europe-wide economy, they want their economy isolated from the problems in the rest of Europe.  Germany should leave the Euro."
Source
"Right, but if you lived in the area, you have already made the decision that they are your ""go-to"" retailer or not.  The majority of people in their competitive market have decided Market Basket is not their preferred choice, but will this story make them reconsider?"
I'm not being clear enough. I'll try a different tack.  What sits *behind* the concept of corporate personhood that gives it such flexibility to pick and choose what parts of natural personhood they want? Bar them from financial involvement in politics? Oh no, that would violate their First Amendment rights, *just like a natural person being muzzled*, can't have that!  Write off expenses before paying tax on remaining income? Oh yes, we definitely must keep that, nevermind that a natural person isn't treated like that.  Okay, so there is a huge difference between corporate and natural personhood. Even with a [history of corporate personhood](http://www.npr.org/2014/07/28/335288388/when-did-companies-become-people-excavating-the-legal-evolution), what I'm missing is a walk through of the arguments that established the collective rights of an assemblage of natural persons rises to the level where those rights must be secured the same as a natural person. In layman terms, what steps were used to reach that conclusion? Without going to law school and then slogging through the actual historical decisions?
Your question begins with a misunderstanding.  When you prepare your tax return (Form 1040/1040A/1040EZ) you always try to minimize your total tax bill.  When you fill out form W4 you trying to estimate how much tax will be shown on next years tax return.  The penalty for having too much tax withheld is not having the use of the money until you get a tax refund. At the moment interest rates are very low and your economic loss is the temporary loss of access to the money. One exception would be if you are carrying credit card debt. In that case you are, in effect, paying 20-30% interest to borrow money you lending to the US Treasury for 0% interest. The penalty for having too little tax withheld is having to make a large payment with your tax return. If your pre-payments aren't at least as much as your total income tax from last year there may also be modest underpayment penalty based on the difference between your pre-payments and your total income tax from last year or this year whichever is less. A large underpayment will trigger a different larger underpayemnt penalty. The W4 combined with the withholding rates tends to over-withhold income tax for most, but not all, taxpayers. Most people don't have enough savings to pay a large tax due, which leads to more penalties and an even larger bill. Over-witholding protects the overall tax system from the consequences of those events. People tend to be very unhappy, not quietly. On balance your greatest economic benefit depends on whether or not you have high interest debt. If you do, then accurate and even slightly under-withholding will probably work to your advantage as long as you can pay next 4/15. If not, avoiding the chance of having any unexpected balance due next year may be more important.
College costs are increasing 8% per year.  In 18 years that's 4 times the current costs of college.  The [current costs](http://money.cnn.com/2011/10/26/pf/college/college_tuition_cost/index.htm) of college are $21,000 annually for a public 4 year degree, and $42,000 annually for a private 4 year degree.  In 18 years that's $336,000 for a public college bachelor's degree, and $672,000 for a private college bachelor's degree.  Per kid.  Suddenly $900,000 doesn't seem so big.
His immigration policy certainly isn't encouraging the best and brightest to come here in the same numbers that they were before he was in office.  His travel ban is a big reason for this.  Not only that but his administration has a decidedly anti science slant.  They've been deleting research info at the EPA, and their budgets haven't been helpful for science and research either.  So yeah, they haven't been helpful.  Clinton would've been better.  At least she would've tried to improve our assistance for research and technology subsidies.  Trump doesn't even pretend to care.
To be safe you should donate the printer to the charity. Or even better, have the charity purchase it and you donate a equivalent number of dollars directed towards purchasing the equipment. Once your wife no longer volunteers with the charity it should be returned to the charity because they own it.
Also, Amazon doesn't care about profits as much as it cares about market share. Where before Whole Foods' management had to seek profit growth to keep stockholders happy, I can see Amazon running Whole Foods at a breakeven point or even a loss if it means that it allows Amazon to extend the reach of same-day Prime delivery and overall Prime membership numbers.  I mean, if you think about it, Amazon could basically start turning Whole Foods stores into essentially warehouses for food delivery that also sell food the normal retail way. That would make just breaking even on the stores a better option than if Amazon had built their own same-day Prime food delivery warehouses across the country.
This is not totally not in my wheelhouse, so I'm genuinely asking:  Isn't that because gas being purchased on that date has to be purchased at the new high rate, but when selling gas already purchased at the higher old rate has to be sold at the high rate to avoid a loss?  Like, given good faith actors on all sides with no particular profit motive, shouldn't we see prices raise quicker than they fall at the pump anyways?
So from Investopedia - Who actually declares a dividend states that the Board of Directors of a company sets the 4 key dates: As these dates are chosen by the Board of Directors, either by internal corporate convention or special situation. Conceivably a Board may choose a Payable Date greater than 2 weeks which may make sense if their accounting partners are unavailable, i.e. extended national holiday. I assume that any period of time longer that what may seem reasonable and customary will be a topic at the next shareholder meeting.
As AskAboutGadgets notes, there's no lower age limit.  You current age (24) is a pretty good one; you'll have four decades or so for your money to grow and compound, allowing it to become a veritable fortune when you're ready to retire if you invest it fairly aggressively.
I was nervous when they bought Marvel... but then they gambled on Whedon with *The Avengers*, and made the third-highest-grossing movie of all time *and* a genuinely good film that was liked by critics and audiences... so I think they'll do better than Lucas.
"The key term you're looking for is ""purchasing power parity"", which considers the local prices of goods and services when making comparisons between countries. For example, you can look up the GDP by PPP per capita to get a sense of much people on average incomes can buy in each country. Of course, average incomes may not be too relevant to your own specific circumstances, but nonetheless you can look at the PPP data itself to figure out how to translate specific numbers between two currencies. However, note that the ""basket"" of goods used to calculate this measure itself has a significant impact on the results. Comparing prices of food and electronic equipment respectively will often give very different answers."
New car prices being up is kinda misleading. New car sales (volume) is down pretty significantly because used car sales are up. This has pushed the average price of a new car down in order to compete with the used market. However, the price of an average new car is up because the people buying new cars are more likely to be buying a nicer one, as others just buy used.   As far as the second part of your last sentence...yeah...these 7 year loans on new OR used cars are fucking terrifying.
IMHO: The best scenario where Greece does not leave the euro: In this scenario there is probably no risk, because either the ECB will print more money, or other countries will help Greece in some way. The average scenario where Greece leaves the euro: All Bank accounts will be frozen and slowly turned into NEW DRACHMA, and your poor money after the conversion will be worth 50K euro at best (but probably much less). There is also the worst scenario: The bank defaults too, and you will lose everything. Italy has a fund to protect deposits up to 100K euro (I don't know if you have something similar in Greece). However, a similar fund in Greece would be guaranteed by Greek banks and the Greek government, so you might not get much back regardless.
Your assumptions are flawed or miss crucial details. An employer sponsored 401k typically limits the choices of investments, whereas an IRA typically gives you self directed investment choices at a brokerage house or through a bank account. You are correct in noticing that you are limited in making your own pre-tax contributions to a traditional IRA in many circumstances when you also have an employer sponsored 401k, but you miss the massive benefit you have: You can rollover unlimited amounts from a traditional 401k to a traditional IRA. This is a benefit that far exceeds the capabilities of someone without a traditional 401k who is subject to the IRA contribution limits. Your rollover capabilities completely gets around any statutory contribution limit. You can contribution, at time of writing, $18,000 annually to a 401k from salary deferrals and an additional $35,000 from employer contributions for a maximum of $53,000 annually and roll that same $53,000 into an IRA if you so desired. That is a factor. This should be counterweighed with the borrowing capabilities of a 401k, which vastly exceeds an IRA again. The main rebuttal to your assumptions is that you are not necessarily paying taxes to fund an IRA.
Form 8288 is to report to the IRS withholding of capital gains tax that may be due from the seller. Foreign nationals don't always file tax returns, so they often didn't pay capital gains tax on properties that they sold. Congress decided to make the buyers responsible for this tax so that they would have a better chance of collecting it. There is a penalty against the buyer if that tax is not withheld. Your attorney should have filed this form on your behalf as part of the closing papers. I think your first step is to look at your copy of the closing papers and see if money was withheld from the sale. There definitely should be disclosure of these requirements before the sale. You should also follow up with your attorney to see whether he has already filed the forms 8288 and 8288-A on your behalf. If you had purchased for less than $300,000 (and were purchasing for your primary residence), you would not have to file that form, but since the property was under $1,000,000 the withholding rate is only 10% (rather than 15%).
&gt;so it is a bit of a catch-22.    Yeah it's definitely a trade off that can pay off.   I guess I shouldn't be so self rightious about it. I made a similar trade but I spent those years in the Marines. That was instrumental in me landing my current kick ass position (due to professional networks, not direct experience) but that isn't a prerequisite for the job.   Regardless, it's definitely something that needs to be fixed. Not nipping this in the bud could turn into the single greatest management failure of a generation. We should all work to correct it once we are in positions of influence.
You won't get a meaningful answer on #1, partially because it's politically charged, and partially because there are too many  unknowns.    To begin with, the policy itself is not fleshed out.  Even if it were, its impact would be open to debate.  Lowering the corporate tax rate will be accompanied by closing certain loopholes, more companies paying US tax instead of shifting income abroad, and it will also impact the level of economic growth.  Each of those assumptions will have a massive impact on the ultimate effect on the debt.
Obviously it must have been an esthetics thing because they didn't sell, did they? And for any real change to occur is massive adoption of new modfes of transportation and massive capital outlays by Government. Anyone who thinks the private sector is capable of making this change on it's own is delusional.  BTW - here are some new technologies that will be hitting the market in coming decade:  http://www.popularmechanics.com/cars/news/fuel-economy/6-prototype-engines-to-get-your-brain-firing#fbIndex1  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-15735478  http://www.smartplanet.com/blog/science-scope/top-10-solar-power-advances-to-watch/1509  http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Solar-power-advances-bringing-down-cost-1398100.php
Research Affiliates expects a 10-year real return of about 1.3% on REITs.  See the graph on Barry Ritholtz's blog.  Here's a screenshot from the Research Affiliates website that shows how they calculated this expected return:
"There are many variables to this answer. One is, how close are you to the average salary range in the industry you are working in. If you are making more than average it would make sense that you are not getting a big raise from the employer's perspective. You have to be a top performer if you are looking for the top salary range. Big raises come from promotions or new jobs, generally speaking.  The short and personal answer is, I worked at a big company (bank) and now know that companies do not give large raises to people as a rule.  Honestly the only way to make good $ is to leave, all employers have all kinds of excuses as to why they are not giving you significant raises. Large raises and bonuses are reserved for ""management"". The bigger the company, the less likely it is that they will give you raises just because, esp. above 3-5%. At the same time, the market sets the rate, and if you are not getting passively recruited, it may mean that you need to work on getting a broader skill set if you are looking to make more $ somewhere else. The bottom line is, you have to think of yourself as a free agent at all times. You also need to make yourself more attractive as a potential hire elsewhere."
When paying off multiple debts there is a protocol that many support. Payoff your debts according to the snowball method. The snowball method proposes that you make minimum payments on all debts except the smallest one. Payoff the smallest debt as quickly as possible. As smaller debts are paid off, that makes one less minimum payment you need to make, leaving you with more money to put against the next smallest debt. So in your case, pay off the smaller debt completely, then follow up on the larger one by making regular payments at least equal to the sum of your two current minimum payments. You'll see immediate progress in tackling your debt and have one less minimum to worry about, which can serve as a little safety of it's own if you have a bad month. As to saving the thousand dollars, that is pragmatic and prudent. It's not financially useful (you won't make any money in a savings account), but having cash on hand for emergencies and various other reasons is an important security for modern living.  As suggested in another answer, you can forgo saving this thousand and put it against debt now, because you will have a freed up credit card. Credit can certainly give you that same security. This is an alternative option, but not all emergencies will take a credit card. You typically can't make rent with your credit card, for example. Good luck paying your debts and I hope you can soon enjoy the freedom of a debt free life.
You seem to have a grasp of the basic principles involved, but your estimation of the risk you are taking seems a bit low. Your non-investment reserves are unlikely to cover your expenses for more than a month, so the chance that you would need to sell investments to cover additional expenses is high. You mention that I am flexible with the 'cash on hand' amount. For instance, for about three months I put a very tight spending/investing freeze on my life because I knew I'd be leaving jobs and moving (I already had the other job lined up). Those savings presumably went toward moving expenses, as your usual savings were insufficient. In the event that you are laid off suddenly, you might find yourself in the same position again, with added unplanned expenses like fees for breaking a lease. Your current plan involves selling investments to cover the gap. Based on your age you have probably only invested in a predominantly positive market, so the chance that you might need to sell investments for cash seems like a reasonable trade-off for the added potential gains. Your perception might change if the markets go south and you are forced to sell into a down market, possibly at a significant loss. You also don't indicate if your investments are currently sufficient to cover an extended period of unemployment. You are taking on a lot of risk under your current plan. Essentially you are trading possible investment gains for flexibility and time. By making small changes like saving at least enough to move as you did previously, you can give yourself time to react to job loss or other unexpected financial need. Rather than give the traditional emergency funds advice, I suggest you look at the broader picture. The total amount of savings/risk is up to you, but you should consider your current savings as insufficient to rely on as a safety net.
Because, compared to other professions, there is.  Actuary is borderline the definition of a trade skill. A high paid, high skill trade, but a trade none the less. That is why the pay structure works the way it does.  That is why it is mostly on the job training.  All the things you think are appealing (paid for passing tests, high base pay) are also directly related to the fact that there is a defined ceiling.  Sure, some actuaries break through, and make it to the top of organizations but guess what; most of those that break through are no longer doing actuarial work and are not being promoted for their actuarial skills.  They break through *despite* the trade nature, not because of it.
Sounds like apple is using leverage, derivatives and its balance sheet responsibly. The numbers are big because this is the largest company in the world.    Obviously, they are gonna get in trouble if people stop buying iPhones, but if there core business remains healthy they will have no issue accessing capital markets to issue debt.   The foreign cash holdings is actually held at bank accounts in ny or ca held in US government securities as tax law allows.  If they sell government securities and use the cash they will be subject to the 35% tax.  In any case the only risk I see at these levels is apple may be taking corporate credit risk it doesn't understand or can't model....  I didn't realize how big these financial operations were getting - great share!
You can look the Vanguard funds up on their website and view a risk factor provided by Vanguard on a scale of 1 to 5.  Short term bond funds tend to get their lowest risk factor, long term bond funds and blended investments go up to about 3, some stock mutual funds are 4 and some are 5. Note that in 2008 Swenson himself had slightly different target percentages out here that break out the international stocks into emerging versus developed markets. So the average risk of this portfolio is 3.65 out of 5.  My guess would be that a typical twenty-something who expects to retire no earlier than 60 could take more risk, but I don't know your personal goals or circumstances. If you are looking to maximize return for a level of risk, look into Modern Portfolio Theory and the work of economist Harry Markowitz, who did extensive work on the topic of maximizing the return given a set risk tolerance.  More info on my question here.  This question provides some great book resources for learning as well. You can also check out a great comparison and contrast of different portfolio allocations here.
From HMRC Note that the rule is when a person becomes entitled to payment of earnings. This is not necessarily the same as the date on which an employee acquires a right to be paid. For example, an employee's terms of service may provide for the employee to receive a bonus for the year to 31 December 2004, payable on 30 June 2005 if the employee is still in the service of the employer on 31 December 2004. If the condition is satisfied the employee becomes entitled to a payment on 31 December 2004 but is only entitled to payment of it on 30 June 2005. So PAYE applies to it on 30 June 2005 and it is assessable for 2005/06. The date that matters is the date the employee is entitled to be paid the bonus.  But why are you worried about paying tax. That is your employer's responsibility and they will do it for you. Ask you firm's finance department also for further clarification. HMRC are not an organization to mess with, they will tie up your life in knots.
"I get it - you hate california, as evidenced by you calling it ""the most overrated strip of land on God's green earth.""  Your clearly biased against the area.  But the numbers work out.  Your not just making three figures - in my offer, and in most mid career offers, your making 200k+.  You talk about these groups of triple digit income devs living in a house together - yeah this does happen in some cases, mostly in San Fran.  Look dude, I have friends out there who work for these companies, I've been offered and done the math knowing the real facts.  I'm not here to say California, and more specifically the valley is cheap, I'm just saying for someone in tech the money usually works out as better out here (if your not buying a house, I should mention - I'm younger and have no desire to be tied down to a house), the career trajectory perks are here, and the perks and nature factor are real.  I live in the Midwest - I get it, you like it here.  But of you think having to drive 3 hours down to red river gorge to see actual terrain, as in something more than ant hills, is great access to nature then we clearly have different ideas on what sorts of nature we enjoy.  I myself am a backpacker and mountain biker so the west coast is much better for my hobbies.  Moab would be ideal, but there are no jobs there, but that's part of the reason I turned down my valley offers for a 100% remote gig so I can travel to those sorts of areas."
"I disagree with the selected answer. There's no one rule of thumb and certainly not simple ones like ""20 cents of every dollar if you're 35"". You've made a good start by making a budget of your expected expenses. If you read the Mr. Money Mustache blogpost titled The Shockingly  Simple Math Behind Early Retirement, you will understand that it is usually a mistake to think of your expenses as a fixed percentage of your income. In most cases, it makes more sense to keep your expenses as low as possible, regardless of your actual income.  In the financial independence community, it is a common principle that one typically needs 25-30 times one's annual spending to have enough money to sustain oneself forever off the investment returns that those savings generate (this is based on the assumption of a 7% average annual return, 4% after inflation). So the real answer to your question is this: UPDATE Keats brought to my attention that this formula doesn't work that well when the savings rates are low (20% range). This is because it assumes that money you save earns no returns for the entire period that you are saving. This is obviously not true; investment returns should also count toward your 25-times annual spending goal. For that reason, it's probably better to refer to the blog post that I linked to in the answer above for precise calculations. That's where I got the ""37 years at 20% savings rate"" figure from. Depending on how large and small x and y are, you could have enough saved up to retire in 7 years (at a 75% savings rate), 17 years (at a 50% savings rate), or 37 years! (at the suggested 20% savings rate for 35-year olds). As you go through life, your expenses may increase (eg. starting a family, starting a new business, unexpected health event etc) or decrease (kid wins full scholarship to college). So could your income. However, in general, you should negotiate the highest salary possible (if you are salaried), use the 25x rule, and consider your life and career goals to decide how much you want to save. And stop thinking of expenses as a percentage of income."
"&gt;  it emerged in Parliament that the European Commission, in return for allowing the nationalisation of the Rock, had placed a limit on how long the bank could stay in state ownership.  EU acts as though it's doing a favor by ""allowing"" Britain to nationalize its own bank? Shouldn't they be thrilled? Isn't the British Taxpayer the one footing the bill? And look at what a festering dung hole the eurozone has become. One can only guess what backroom deals have been hatched by wealthy investors to ""allow"" the breaking of EU rules by their counterparts in other countries."
When you sell a stock that you own, you realize gains, or losses. Short-term gains, realized within a year of buying and selling an asset, are taxed at your maximum (or marginal) tax rate. Long term-gains, realized after a year, are taxed at a lower, preferential rate. The first thing to consider is losses. Losses can be cancelled against gains, reducing your tax liability. Losses can also be carried over to the next tax year and be redeemed against those gains. When you own a bunch of the same type of stock, bought at different times and prices, you can choose which shares to sell. This allows you to decide whether you realize short- or long-term gains (or losses). This is known as lot matching (or order matching). You want to sell the shares that lost value before selling the ones that gained value. Booking losses reduces your taxes; booking gains increases them. If faced with a choice between booking short term and long term losses, I'd go with the former. Since net short-term gains are taxed at a higher rate, I'd want to minimize the short-term tax liability before moving on to long-term tax liability. If my remaining shares had gains, I'd sell the ones purchased earliest since long-term gains are taxed at a lower rate, and delaying the booking of gains converts short-term gains into long-term ones. If there's a formula for this, I'd say it's  (profit - loss) x (tax bracket) = tax paid
And we're talking only about trumps tax plan which is at 15%. Everyone wants to pay less taxes doesn't mean it's affordable. The Fortune 500 need to fork up the money. You know what would save you money? Bailing out homeowners by taxing the Fortune 500 500b and dishing out refinancing 100k to 5m owners at 1% which will all be returned to the coffers. Borrowing more and more pretending like it's poor people's fault isn't solving shit.
"I never put race into it, but ok...  I hear lots of interesting stories about teaching. The most recent involves an experimental program where the teacher performance isn't graded on student outcomes but how well they're following the narrative defined by the program. Every few years teachers are handed new programs that the district curriculum people bought and told ""you're going to teach $subject using this program now!"" (sometimes those programs work better for different groups of students - the ones that it was evaluated with do great, the ones in different neighborhoods are failed by the program) The programs are implemented district wide and the teachers are told not to deviate from the programs.  Sometimes you get a superintendent into a district who decides that ""no child left behind"" means ""no child can be held back"" and so you get children hitting second or third grade without being able to identify the letters in the alphabet, let alone read.  A recent [example](http://emergepeoria.blogspot.com/2012/06/this-is-open-letter-to-d150-board-of.html) from the town I grew up in."
There might just not be anything useful for you to do with that 'value'. As others mentioned, HELOCs have their risks and issues too. There is no risk-less way to take advantage of the value (outside of selling) It is similar to owning a rare stamp that is 'worth a million' - what good does it do you if you don't sell it? nothing. It is just a number on a sheet of paper, or even only on some people's minds.
"Here is where I am confused. On the income statement I am looking at it has a line item in cogs that is ""change in jobs in progress"".   Change in JIP =  (Starting raw materials, wip, and finished goods) - (Ending raw materials, wip, and finished goods) for the accounting period.  From what I researched cost of goods manufactured is added to cogs:  ""The formula for the cost of goods manufactured is the costs of: direct materials used + direct labor used + manufacturing overhead assigned = the manufacturing costs incurred in the current accounting period + beginning work-in-process inventory - ending work-in-process inventory.  A manufacturer's cost of goods sold is computed by adding the finished goods inventory at the beginning of the period to the cost of goods manufactured and then subtracting the finished goods inventory at the end of the period.""  So it isnt wip that is in the income statement it is change in inventory. Why do they include the ""change of inventory"" in cogs? Wont this just be material and labor that should be in for the next accounting period cog calculation?"
Once again, I never said we 'give up'. Find those words in my statement! Don't you find it odd you're stating what you feel is implied and then claim you didn't assume? I didn't imply anything except what I said. It's not time now, it was time a long time ago. Nader is slow and ineffective.
"Jesus Christ dude, your entire comment. Let's start with the blatently and simply wrong.  &gt;Even Wal-Mart can't come close to matching it.  Walmart operates on a ""just in time"" basis that they operate themselves, with as many walmarts that exist around the country, you can go witness this by yourself, every day of the week 364 days a year.  &gt;Whole Foods, on the other hand, is a mess. That's why they were struggling to compete against other big supermarket chains who started offering organic foods too.  WF can't compete because their entire business model is unsustainable, it has nothing to do with logistics and everything to do with how the grocery business works. You can't lower prices when you're covering up for high losses on other parts of the store, that is why they're expensive. The only thing Amazon can bring to the equation is a system in which WF suddenly can operate at a loss and Amazon share holders simply don't care, like they haven't cared for the last 20 years amazon has made ""no money""."
The value to you of a tax free fund is going to depend largely on your current marginal tax bracket. For example if you had a regular MM that was paying 1% and it was taxable, then your net off that one percent would be  If the tax free MM fund pays .75% then you would be a tiny bit ahead using it, if you are in the 28% bracket, but you would be behind if you are in anything lower than 25%   The primary market (IMHO) for Tax Free money market funds is for high wealth individuals who are in the 33 OR 35 percent brackets
When you give your credit card number and authorize a merchant to charge your credit card, the merchant then gives the information to their merchant processor which in turns bills the bank that issued the card (it's a little more complex and it all happens instantly unless the merchant is using the very old fasion imprinting gizmos). It is possible for a merchant to attempt to charge you more than you authorized but if they do they risk a fine ($25-$50 for a chargeback) from their processor, the legitimate portion of the charge as well as increasing the processing fees charged by their processor or even the possibility of loosing their merchant account entirely and being permanently blacklisted by Visa/Mastercard. In short no legitimate business is going to intentionally over charge your credit card.  There really isn't significant risk in using a reputable online retailer's order forms. There is the possibility that their database could be compromised but that risk is lower than the risk of having an employee steal your credit number when you give it to them in person. Besides in the US at least the most you can legally be held liable for is $50 assuming you notice the discrepancy within 60 days of statement the charge appears on and most banks limit liability to $0.  Over the years I have had a number of different credit card numbers stolen and used fraudulently and I have never had to pay any fraudulent charges.
This is finance, just because your from India doesn't mean much (And I was born and spent a good part of my youth in Kerala). I pretty actively invest in emerging markets and while India has a large number of problems, it is still looking like a good investment in this global environment.
There is such a thing as a buy-write, which is buying a stock and writing a (covered) call simultaneously. But as far as I know brokers charge two commissions, one stock trade and one options trade so you're not going to save on commissions.
[Eliminating breaks **would allow the government to simplify the tax code and broaden the base of income** against which taxes are levied] [The dilemma—which Republicans are colliding with right now—is that many of the biggest tax breaks, especially for individuals, are **popular and hard to dislodge.**]
"Usually, the amswer to ""why sell it"" is ""to maintain the specific distribution balance, or to track the index, that this fund was designed to offer."" A ""buy and hold"" fund could only buy when users are actively putting money into it. That limits their ability to follow those approaches.  And I think there would be problems msking withdrawls/redeptions ""fair"", in terms of what shares are sold and how the costs for selling them are distributed, that don't arise for a single buy-and-hold investor. If you're willing to accept the limitations of the former, and can overcome the latter, it's an interesting idea...  But note that one of the places index funds save money is that, since the composition of indexes changes rately, they are already operating mostly in buy-and-hold mode.It's unclear how much your variant would save. Worth exploring in greater depth, though. I think."
"It's really not an ""either-or""... it's BOTH.  They each have their place &amp; use.  * 2-sided business cards are best thought of as **""miniature advertising brochures""** (shirt pocket/wallet-sized) -- great for certain types of businesses -- and for being generic (and cheap) handouts at show booths, conventions, etc. (Plus you can issue a stack of them to ANY employee -- 2-sided cards should be ""company"" cards, *sans* any individuals names or contact info -- just the general company phone number, website, etc).  *Other than being mere ""advertising"" one useful option is to make the back of the card have something VALUABLE on it (something that makes the person KEEP it) -- calendars, industry reference info (chart/table/common calculations, etc).*  * 1-sided business cards are **personalized ""calling cards""** (logo, person's name, title &amp; SPECIFIC contact info, phone + ext, email, etc -- in addition to base company info) -- you use them when meeting people SPECIFICALLY &amp; PERSONALLY -- and you want the back to be blank for you (or them) to scratch notes, etc. (in fact even leaving some white space on the front is a good idea).  EDIT: ***[This guy's got it nailed!](http://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/2cjxja/one_sided_business_cards_or_two_sided/cjg8jox)***"
"&gt; fucking buddhists or christians or whatever other hocus pocus religions  Racist. This right here shows exactly how backwards your views are. You religion is cool. Everyone who is different? Fuck em. Those are YOUR words.  Being in the KKK is not a religion protected by the first amendment. That may be one of the dumbest arguments you've used (and you've used some REALLY dumb ones today).  I'm so over this stupid conversation. I know you're desperate for the last word, so have at it. Make any last stupid, ignorant points that you feel the need to. Then you can run and tell your buddies at /r/the_donald all about how ""wrong"" I was. After that, you can fuck right off.  To summarize: You're a racist piece of shit, your views are based on FALSE assumptions, and you're spouting ""information"" that is dangerous, stupid, wrong, and not at all based in reality. Have a great rest of the day, you worthless fuck. Good night, and don't let the evil Muslims bite!"
As the other answer already states, whether you should or shouldn't currency-hedge your equity investments depends on a lot of factors. If you decide to do so, depending on your investment vehicles, there might be a more cost-efficient way than arranging a separate futures contract with a bank: If you are open to (or are already investing in) ETFs, there are currency-hedged versions of some popular ETFs. These are hedged against the currency risk for a specific currency; for example, if you are buying in (and expecting to sell for) USD, you would buy an ETF hedged to USD. Of course they have a higher expense ratio than non-hedged ETFs since the costs of the necessary contracts are included in the expenses.
Sharpe ratio can work but is often too complex for retail traders.  Consider using R-Multiples, where R is the amount risked on the trade. If you're risking 100 and you make 200, that's a 2R trade.  There's no right R multiple and it's dependent on your trading style.  Van Tharp's books help describe it better.
It was actually meant to be more of just a joke comment. But it doesn't take very many successful billion dollar lawsuits to justify $10 million a pop.  Personally I think that part of the patent reform solution is that patents are non-exclusive; however, licensing must be set up before use including free licensing if the owner wants to public domain it. If the two parties can't agree to terms then it goes to a arbitrator to set the the licensing fees which is binding. The arbitration will take into account the research and development costs required, likelihood of the same thing being independently created, estimated profits from products using the patent, etc.  Of course the core issue is granting patents for silly stuff but since the ones already in existence are presumably grandfathered in I think enforcing market driven licensing fees is the best way to prevent all of the dumb lawsuits going on. The patent holder gets its money or maintains market advantage if the licensing fee is so high that no one wants to pay it and it doesn't prevent competition from using other another party's patented ideas.
"I focus on market research, which is both quant-heavy and quant-lite. Many times I can back up my strategy with numbers (""data-driven decisions""), but many times I just have to rely on qualitative findings.  Obviously the most quantitative MBA jobs are in finance and management consulting. Probably the least is strategy, but then that's a skill that you either have or don't have."
"Right. Because there was no profits. The company managed to grow by keeping very tight control of costs with respect to revenue. It's not a loophole. The alternative is spending less or charging more. Either of these things probably has significantly worse outcomes to the company - slower growth due to lack of reinvestment in the business, or slower growth due to not attracting as many customers through competitive pricing. What they have done is become a very valuable company due to a strong revenue stream. (You can ask whether a strong revenue stream alone is enough to justify their valuation, but investors seem to think so, and it also seems to indicate that they expect the stock price to continue rising or they wouldn't spend that much.)  When Amazon started, I remember people joking ""they lose money on every sale, but they make up for it in volume"". Seems to have worked out for them in the long run."
so quick stats from wikipedia:  * Applebees: As of December 2015, there were **2,033 US locations**  * IHOP: As of 2015, there were **1,650 IHOP** restaurants in the US  so applebees is closing around 4% of their stores  IHOP is closing 1%  This is pretty insignificant. why is this news?
"Anytime you do work without any payment until the work is complete, you are effectively extending credit to the party receiving your service. How much credit you are willing to extend will vary greatly, depending on the amount and the trustworthiness of the party. For example, if you are charging $50 for something, you probably won't bother to collect money upfront, whereas if you are charging $5,000 you probably would collect some upfront. But if the party you are working for is a large financially sound company, the number may be even much higher than $5K as you can trust you will be paid. Obviously there are many factors that go into how much credit you are willing to extend to your customer. (This is why credit reports exist for banks to determine how much credit to extend to you.) As for the specific case you are asking about, which may be classified as a decent amount of work for a small business, I would default to having a written scope of work, a place in the document for both parties to sign, and specify 50% upfront payment and 50% payment at completion. When you receive the signed document and the upfront payment (and possibly even after the check clears), you begin work. I would call this my ""default contract"" and adjust according to your needs depending on the size of the job and the trustworthiness of the customer. As for your question about how to deposit the check, that depends on what type of entity you are. If you are a sole proprietor you should ask for the checks to be made out to you. If you are a business then the checks should be made out to your business name. You don't need ""in trust"" or anything similar because your customer, after paying the upfront fee, must trust that you will do the work you promise to do, just like you have to trust that after completing the work you will receive the final payment. This is the reason the default is 50% before and after. Both parties are risking (roughly) the same amount. Tip: having done the ""default"" contract many times in my career, both as a sole proprietor and a business owner, I can assure you there is a big difference between a potential customer agreeing to something in advance, and actually writing a check. The upfront payment definitely helps weed out those that were never going to end up paying you, even if their intentions were good. Tip 2: be as specific as possible as to what the scope of work will include. If you don't, particularly with software, they'll be adding feature after feature and expecting it to be ""included""."
Depends on how the overtime works.  When I worked for an oil pipeline company overtime paid 2x past 40 hours, and 4x past 60 hours.  Also if you worked a holiday you got paid for the holiday plus the hours you worked, and the hours counted as overtime even if you weren't at 40 hours yet.
"For the really big money, you've missed the boat. Most will have MSc's in finance by now; which, even in my day 20 years ago, was a minimum entry requirement.  There's a well known book of questions that used to get asked in interviews called ""Heard on the Street"". It'll let you know whether you can cut it on the floor or you're better off in middle or back office. It's very old but typical of the understanding and mind type you need.  Investment management should be a possible. It's a totally different pace of life.  If you're talking accounting, you'll be fine!"
Heck no, don't spend more! I saved a ton of money when I got my first real job. You won't always be able to do this.  Save a bundle while you can.
"Oh I see, as a ""Chicagoan""? Well I guess if you were from Detroit, Stockton, Mammoth Lakes, Jefferson County, Harrisburg, Central Falls, or Boise County you might understand why it might be necessary to force a government entity to actually back up their retirement plans with real investments."
I would argue no. It's easy to correlate home prices based on size, neighborhood, school district, condition and other factors, such as property taxes. In fact, real estate people and government assessors use those characteristics to assess property value. The demographics of a home will drive desirability/demand for the property. Combine that with the cost and availability of capital, and house prices are relatively predictable.
A lot of online savings accounts, and even high-yield checking accounts, have equivalent or better rates than CDs.  So, do you research, and I bet you can find a great rate, while keeping your money liquid. The problem with CDs is that you can't get at your money until the CD matures (without paying penalties).  If you can keep the money in a savings (or high-yield checking) account you will be much better off. Ultimately, a blend of the two approaches may be the best option.
If you knew Cohen's secretary you would know that it's no longer called SAC. Also my uncle totally works at Nintendo so I get all of the best games but you can't see them because he swore me to secrecy.  Translation: You're a dipshit.
Seek professional advice as duffbeer703 has suggested already.  Very important! Consider incorporating.  If your income will fluctuate year to year, you can keep profit in the corporation, taxed in its hands at the Canadian small business rate, since such corporate income below $500,000 would likely qualify for the small business deduction. You could pay  retained earnings to yourself as dividends over more than one year in order to lessen the personal tax burden. If you don't incorporate, all your profits in the year they are earned are taxed at personal income tax rates, and with our progressive income tax system, taking the tax hit all in one year can be expensive.  However, if this project is a one-off and you're not likely to continue working like this, you might not want the overhead of a corporation.  Taxes aside, there are also legal issues to consider vis-a-vis incorporating, or not. A professional can help you make this decision.   Yes, you can claim deductions for reasonable business expenses, whether or not you are incorporated. No, you can't do free work on the side and claim it as donations.  It's nice to volunteer, but you wouldn't get a charitable tax credit for your time, only for money or goods donated. Consider opening an RRSP so you can start saving for retirement and get a tax deduction for any contributions you make.  This is but one strategy to reduce your tax.  There are others.  For instance, if you are a student, you perhaps have some unused tuition credits that you could claim in your first year with higher income. Oh, and seek professional advice!   ;-)
Showz Store is an online toy store that is located in China. We have the full exhibition reflected, so you can see all toys display on our official site. No short of what one report from the event noted booing from the gathering of spectators toward the completion of the presentation. If you are searching Mastermind Creations for your kids, then you can visit our website. Here you can get a lot of toys in best variety. Our online stores are open 24*7 days. We accept all major credit cards.
My local shopping store giant does 'online shopping', and by that I mean you can order your stuff, pay extra online etc etc, then another extra fee to reserve your time that you DRIVE TO THE STORE and pick it up. (and some times fill up So be quick, rofl)  I mean sure fills a small NICHE, but why do online shopping without delivery, especially when they are charging all the extra fees already.  I look forward to Amazon wiping these guys out.
"Ok, would  ""a form supply -side economics"" make you feel better about the term? Because you responded to zero points?  Company's force workers to stay: they can't work or move to a job in the same industry. That benefits firms. Firms knowing this can deny raises, promotions, stock options.  They can spend less on recruiting/training and pay employees less because they know the employee has little incentive to leave. This limits firms expenses the same way a tax break could. It's done under the guise of keeping Idahos tech workers in Idaho because the idahos tech bubble is good for the ""common man"", while allowing CEOs and Boards to spend less and reap benefits and bonuses for staying under budget."
In summary, you are correct that the goal of investing is to maximize returns, while paying low management fees.  Index investing has become very popular because of the low fees.  There are many actively traded mutual funds out there with very high management fees of 2.5% and up that do not beat the market.  This begs the question of why you are paying high management fees and not just investing in index funds. Consider maxing out your tax sheltered accounts (401(k) and ROTH IRA) to avoid even more fees on your returns. Also consider having a growth component of your portfolio which is generally filled with equity, along with a secure component for assets such as bonds.  Bonds may not have the exciting returns of equity, but they help to smooth out the volatility of your portfolio, which may help to keep peace of mind when the market dips.
Fundamental Analysis can be used to help you determine what to buy, but they won't give you an entry signal for when to buy. Technical Analysis can be used to help you determine when to buy, and can give you entry signals for when to buy. There are many Technical Indicator which can be used as an entry signal, from as simple as the price crossing above a moving average line and then selling when the price crosses back below the moving average line, to as complicated as using a combination of indicators to all line up for an entry signal to be valid. You need to find the entry signals that would suit your investing or trading and incorporate them as part of your trading plan. If you want to learn more about entry signals you are better off learning more about Technical Analysis.
"Usually you gotta build those tools for yourself :P, you can usually build em in excel  as its fairly easy and sort to see what is the most profitable, you can code most of the heavy lifting in excel, monte carlo/""complex"" methods you probably won't even need...   I'm a strong proponent of R however what you're doing is not that complex....  edit: I accidently a word."
&gt; QE is used to buy debt.  That's correct.  Those mortgage securities are **owed** to the US.   The difference in interest between the mortgage interest and the interest the treasury is paying out is returning   &gt; How about we go the route Japan has gone?  Non-sequitur.  And I notice you didn't answer the question, perhaps due to the typo.  Why do \[you\] conflate QE with the debt?
I don't know if BJ's or Costco is by you, but sharing a membership can make sense. Not just the annual fee, but splitting certain items that are just too big. The 20 pack of batteries, the 30lb sacks of potatoes, etc. Anything you look at and realize you won't use it before it goes bad or have no place to store it. Size is one objection I hear regarding the warehouse stores and a splitting buddy can help.  To James' point - Yes, kids are cruel. We live in a nice area, and I pride myself on driving the cheapest car on the street. In the last two years, two neighbors (of 8 of us on this cul-de-sac) have downsized. They needed to take the difference and use it for college tuition. I explained to my daughter, when you see a kid in a big house, you don't know two key things: how big their mortgage is, and how much have they saved for college/retirement.
That's a lot more credit than I'm willing to give trump. I think he grew tired in the negotiation and saw that as the short term solution. His history is one of taking the simplest and quickest solution to a problem.
"E-merchant is already one of the top six digital marketing companies and among top 30 SEO companies nominated by topseos.in an independent authority on Search vendors in India.Technology has not proved to be a great enabler but has also given him the means to do business worldwide. ""Today you don't need deep pockets and a big establishment - but even small men and small companies can compete globally"", he says."
&gt;You can't let businessmen engage in fraud and sell you a phony/defective product and argue that we should leave it up to the free market to eventually detect and punish him.       A well functioning legal system is consistent with capitalism.  The problem is when you invoke prior restraint.
"&gt; Harvey is not a bad guy, he actually has a big heart he just got corrupted and became a victim to his own appetites and endless access to fame seeking flash.  That can be said about virtually anyone who does bad things.  ""Oh, that pedo rapist isn't a bad guy. He actually has a big heart. He was just corrupted by his appetites and endless access to kids thinking he's a chicken nugget on social media and crawling into his white van. Honestly, HE'S THE VICTIM HERE!"""
Coincidentally just read a nice post on this topic: http://thefinancebuff.com/no-tax-advantage-in-rsu.html In short, sell the stock as soon as it vests and treat it as a cash bonus. Assuming you're in the US and the stock is possible to sell (public company, no trading window restrictions, you have no material nonpublic information, etc.)  What do you do with a cash bonus? If you have no savings, an emergency fund would be good, then start on retirement savings perhaps... it sounds a bit like you could use some broad general financial planning info, my favorite book for that is: http://www.amazon.com/Smart-Simple-Financial-Strategies-People/dp/B0013L2ED6 One exception to selling immediately could be if the company stock is hugely undervalued, but it probably isn't, and it's probably too hard to determine.
OP you should print one of these signs and put it on your tuk tuk, also put your number and get 1 or 2 shirts with the same info, it should help you to get recognized, and if you can, paint your tuk tuk in yellow or red too, good luck man.
"I think that all that money big donors are making from drugs, services and especially gas, which they will soon be selling for top dollar, three to five times what they get for it now- must figure. Insurance alone is an *extra* quarter to a third of a million dollars per person over their lifetimes.   And then [if we want to stop say the TTIP energy deal](http://action.sierraclub.org/site/DocServer/Analysis_of_EU_Energy_Proposal_TTIP.pdf), say the huge energy price increases are killing jobs, we'll have to pay again, too, right?   Because of the extremely controversial *""ISDS""* scheme of giving multinational corporations special rights to countries *unchanged* markets?  They have everything figured out."
If Syria had nuclear weapons, or Hamas had access to nuclear weapons, I am sure Israeli settlers would rather be buying condos in California than bombing unarmed women and children in Palestine.  Nuclear weapons for Palestine now!!!  Peace in the Middle east is at hand
Bordeaux Wine Company's top clients will gather for a private seminar and wine tasting to be hosted in London. The event will take place on the 29th of September, and exquisite wines of the elite Moutons Rothschilds and Lafite Rothschilds wineries will be tasted by the guests.
"&gt; whether it's better to drop out of Harvard or graduate from Brown.  Lol, I'm sure the difference is negligible between those two. What he intended to say is ""whether it's better to drop out of harvard, or graduate with honors from a HBCU"".   I also encourage anyone that's been to a real university to audit, or shit, even spend a day hanging around, an HBCU and then argue with me me that ""we're all equal"". You think real unis coddle these mental midgets? Wait until you see an institution designed around it."
"Yes, you should contact the bank and report it.  They will eventually ""find"" that money if it's not yours.  You better get it over with rather than having more surprises later."
"StasM, It's taken a while but many banks offer tokens - although they tend to limit the accounts for which they will be issued. All of the following issue tokens, but there are many more: CitiBank JP Morgan Union Bank Wells Fargo Callaway Bank Wachovia Bank of North Dakota The River Bank of Wisconsin Metcalf Bank, Kansas Stonebridge Bank In 2005 federal regulators stipulated that banks needed to get better with security for online banking customers, but they did not endorse a particular technology. Tokens (aka fobs) were endorsed. The news was negatively received by the banks because putting more steps in the way of a customer drives the customer away. See this 2005 report for more info: http://www.usatoday.com/tech/news/computersecurity/2005-11-02-cybercrime-prevention_x.htm  My guess is a tipping point was reached since then, where customers became savvy of the risks, and that the ""extra steps"" became less an issue than the ""extra security""."
This is going to be a bit of a shameless plug, but I've build a portfolio tracking website to track your portfolio and be able to share it (in read-only mode) as  well. It is at http://frano.carelessmusings.com and currently in beta. Most portfolio trackers are behind a login wall and thus will lack the sharing function you are looking for. Examples of these are: Yahoo Finance, Google Finance, Reuters Portfolios, MorningStart Portfolios, and many others. Another very quick and easy solution (if you are not trading too often) is a shared google docs spreadsheet. Gdocs has integration with google finance and can retrieve prices for stocks by symbol. A spreadsheet can contain the following: Symbol, Quantity, Avg. Buy Price, Price, P/L, P/L% and so on. The current price and P/L data can be functions that use the google finance API. Hope this helps, and if you check out my site please let me know what you think and what I could change.
OTOH if you look at automobile purchases I don't know if anyone could tell you who the CEO of say, GM or Toyota or BMW is. Those purchases tend to be more emotional than anything else and not directly related to corporate or CEO behavior.
The issue with spending a lot on a particular project (e.g. SWAT) is that you're compelled to use it, even when it's not necessary. Same with riot gear, armored personel carriers, pepper spray, tazers, helicopters, rubber bullets etc. If you paid for it, you have to use it as much as possible. So you end up with more violence and death because of poor investments.  That said, there's of course a balance to be struck. No sargeant should be making $200k+ and no officer should be making &lt;$40k.
Comments. The problem is they don't get downvoted though. They play to the crowd of reddit and every discussion ends up anti capitalism and anti trump  These views are fine, but its nice to have one sub with mature discussion. I'm not some big Trump fan, I'm not even American, its just nice to have a place where actual business can be discussed.  Like I said, if you don't like these rules there are hundreds of other subs. I think these rules work well because it keeps it a business sub and not just the same mess as the rest of reddit.
Here's how the CBO says the top 1% got their income in 2013 (latest data):      Source|% from source :--------|---------: Cash Wages and Salaries|33.4% Business Income|23.2% Capital Gains|19.1% Capital Income|11.2% Corporate Tax Borne by Capital|7.3% Other Income|3.2% Employer's Share of Payroll Taxes|0.9% Employee's Contributions to Deferred Compensation Plans|0.7% Employer's Contributions to Health Insurance|0.5%   And here are there definitions of the types of income:  * Labor income—Cash wages and salaries, including those allocated by employees to 401(k) plans; employer-paid health insurance premiums; the employer’s share of Social Security, Medicare, and federal unemployment insurance payroll taxes; and the share of corporate income taxes borne by workers.  * Business income—Net income from businesses and farms operated solely by their owners, partnership income, and income from S corporations.   * Capital gains—Profits realized from the sale of assets. Increases in the value of assets that have not been realized through sales are not included in the Congressional Budget Office’s measure of market income.   * Capital income (excluding capital gains)—Taxable and tax-exempt interest, dividends paid by corporations (but not dividends from S corporations, which are considered part of business income), positive rental income, and the share of corporate income taxes borne by owners of capital.   * Other income—Income received in retirement for past services and other sources of income.
"I have to disagree with you.   **Money is a store of value with which you can redeem your accumulated work for a  good or service you need, at any time.** Therefore, you don't have to wait until your crop has perished to trade it for what you need.  Any store of value that is not purely useful in terms of ""I can consume this"" or ""I can turn this into value directly through labor"" is essentially an IOU. It would be more accurate to say, in the context you provide, that for every asset (your apples) there exists an equivalent combination of liability (what you had to borrow to produce the apples) and equity (what you put in of your own in order to get the apples).  Since gold in this very simple hypothetical system has absolutely no use other than a **store of value**, it *is* debt. It is the promise that you will at some point in your process of transactions acquire the utility that you require. You can't fertilize with gold, but you can buy fertilizer. **Until you buy that fertilizer, you've only traded your harvest for a promise that you *can* buy your fertilizer.**  Something otherwiseyep didn't elaborate on very much, though he mentioned it and it is integral to his story, is the time value of money. That is, if I can borrow 10 gold pieces today for my future work accumulated, I'll pay you back 12 when it's done. This has an effect greater than just injecting value into the economy. It ensures that the negative value experienced by *not* having those 10 gold pieces will be compensated. Credit provides an opportunity for planning for the cyclical nature of markets. It provides an opportunity to make your transaction now - that you don't have to wait until harvest to trade your deer skins for apples.  &gt;Economists like Paul Krugman seem to believe that everything can be fixed by increasing demand, but they totally ignore the costs of production. There exists plenty of demand in the US economy right now, but the cooper has died, the barrels must be brought from China.  I also disagree with this. Krugman emphasizes the *importance* of demand-side measures, not their exclusivity. Any policy must account for cost curves, and that economic profit for any firm is maximized when marginal revenue (the revenue increase or decrease of a single unit added to production) is equal to marginal cost. The U.S may have some demand right now, but if the cost of production were truly the issue, then these firms would be adjusting their capacity, and not sitting on trillions of dollars of currency that ought to be liquid.   If demand was really that high, companies wouldn't be stuffing their mattresses right now to keep the money injected into the economy by QE *out* of circulation. The real problem is that while  in the last few decades consumption has been climbing steadily, real wages have flat-lined, and now we have high unemployment. We can't raise wages, we can't hire more workers, and we still want our cars and houses and corn syrup and lead-filled toys.  This, I think we can agree, is where credit goes wrong: the gap between consumption and wages was filled with credit. The housing bubble manifested itself thus: not as simply a boom in quantity and a lowering in price, but a lowering in price as a result of faulty (dishonest and misleading) risk assessment - (by the same folks who downgraded US debt), and an implosion as a result of that debt systematically dissolving through defaults and foreclosures (to put it very, very, very, simply).  Instead of an increase in consumer credit, we need greater investment by the companies who currently sit on trillions of dollars of frozen cash. Those investments could be better managed, with transparent risk assessment and greater restrictions on lending policy.  Or, ideally, that money could be used to hire workers, expand plants and lower marginal costs.  To tie it back to your concluding paragraph, credit makes it possible to satisfy the demand for those barrels of apples by buying them at a fair market value from China. If it weren't for China's ability to provide the apples at a ""fair"" price (you can, for our purposes here, consider this price to be fair market value if you make a transaction - the selling price equals the buying price), there would be an apple shortage, and the price of apples would climb ridiculously high."
We provide the best Indian motorcycle spare parts and its service in the USA. That means if anything goes wrong with your motorcycle you can book in for repairs and service with our company workshop. We provide offer a wide range of spare parts or be able to order spare parts for your Old Indian motorcycle and offer a service by trained technicians. We provide the one weak full warranty of the spare parts if anything goes wrong in spare parts then we will change the parts without a price.
Aggressively paying of Mortgage is better. If you have more cash available [assuming you have covered all other aspects i.e. emergency funds, retirement etc], the only question you need to ask is where will you invest and what returns would you get. So if your mortgage is say at 5%, if the spare money can get you more than this, its beneficial, if its in Bank CD with say near zero interest, its not worth it. However if you are sure you can make 10% returns on the investments, then go ahead and don't pay the mortgage aggressively.
"The opposite of an economic bubble is a bubble burst :p! Jokes aside though, an economic bubble occurs when the economy is in bull market mode and asset prices are growing very fast. It's usually measured by ratio's like price to earnings and the levels of various market indices. So, the opposite would be when valuations are falling very fast or are very low, and price to earnings ratios are low.  This condition is usually a recession. A recession is a market slowdown, generally after a bubble bursts, and severe recessions can become depressions if they last long enough (Great Depression, 1930s).  A bubble is not necessarily negative - stock prices usually rise a lot so paper wealth is greatly magnified. If you can get out in time, you're golden. Similarly, a recession isn't bad for everyone. Some investors keep large amounts of cash waiting for recessions so they can ""buy low, sell high"". For most people, however, recessions are negative because unemployment increases and some people get fired, and the economy slows down. Asset prices have fallen so their investments are worth less than they used to be (on paper), and people mainly have to bide it out until the market starts growing again."
"I believe that your option contracts will become ""non-standard"" and will be for a combination of ACE stock and cash.  The allocation between stock and cash should follow that of the acquisition parameters of the underlying - probably with fractional shares converted to cash. Hence 1 call contract for 100 shares of CB will become 1 call contract for 60 shares of ACE + $6293 cash + a cash correction for the 0.19 fractional share of ACE that you would have had claim to get.  The corrections should be 0.19 sh x $62.93/sh."
Sure is,  they all can,  but let’s not pretend that speech’s to wall street isn’t a reward for behavior.  Like if he was so anti bank pro consumer why would they be friends.  Just saying they are all in on it.  They are all the same and the more we fight each other and pick sides and everyone not on my/yourside is wrong the less we get done for our benefit.
&gt; To me that's a failure on a collective level.  I'd say it's more of a failure on a personal level. Without the mass of wealth that exists due to capitalism and free trade, there would be nothing to support anyone with. We wouldn't have to worry about these conversations because there would be no internet and we'd be too worried about killing wild dogs to eat and fending off the rest of the pack so they wouldn't kill us. I think you're taking a lot for granted.  &gt;The service industry employs a big chunk of the country. If the people whom they employ can't eek out a living then something should be done. Minimum wage has existed for many years now and is not controversial.  Inflation isn't seen as controversial either, but it should be. Here's someone that finds it controversial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rls8H6MktrA
"From your question, I believe that you are looking for what these mean in accounting terms and not the difference between a debit and a credit card. I'll deal with purchase and sale first as this is easier. They are the same thing seen from different points of view. If I sell something to you then I have made a sale and you have made a purchase. Every sale is a purchase and every purchase is a sale. Debits and Credits are accounting terms and refer to double column accounting (the most common accounting system used). The way a set of accounts works is, accounts are set up under the following broad headings: The first 3 appear on the Balance Sheet, so called because the accounts balance (Assets = Liabilities + Equity). This is always a ""point-in-time"" snapshot of the accounts (1 June 2015). That last 3 appear on the Profit and Loss sheet, Profit (or loss) = Income - Cost of Goods Sold - Expenses. This is always an interval measure (1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015). Changes in these accounts flow through to the Equity part of the Balance Sheet. When you enter a transaction the Debits always equal the Credits, they are simply applied to different accounts. Debits increase Assets, Cost of Goods Sold and Expenses and decrease Liabilities, Equity and Income. Credits do the reverse For your examples: 1. a customer buy something from me, what is the debit and credit? I will assume they pay $1,000 and the thing cost you $500 Your cash (asset) goes up by $1,000 (Debit), your inventory (asset) goes down by $500 (Credit), your Sales revenue (income) goes up by $500 (credit). This gives you a profit of $500. 2. a customer buy something of worth 1000 but gives me 500 what is     debit and credit Your cash (asset) goes up by $500 (Debit), your debtors (asset) goes up by $500, your inventory (asset) goes down by $500 (Credit), your Sales revenue (income) goes up by $500 (credit). This also gives you a profit of $500. 3. if I buy a product from supplier worth 1000 and pay equally what is credit and debit I assume you mean pay cash: Your cash (asset) goes down by $1000 (Credit), your inventory (asset) goes up by $1000 (Debit). There is no profit or loss here - you have swapped one asset (cash) for another (inventory). 4. if I buy a product from supplier worth 1000 and don't pay what is credit and debit Your creditors (liability) goes up by $1000 (Credit), your inventory (asset) goes up by $1000 (Debit). There is no profit or loss here - you have gained an asset (inventory) but incurred a liability (creditors). The reason for confusion is that most people only see Debits and Credits in one place - their bank statement. Your bank statement is a journal of one of the banks liability accounts - its their liability because they owe the money to you (even loan accounts adopt this convention). Credits happen when you give money to the bank, they credit  your account (increase a liability) and debit their cash balance (increase an asset). Debits are when they give money to you, they debit your account (decrease a liability) and credit their cash balance (decrease an asset) . If at the end of the period, you have a credit balance then they owe money to you, a debit balance means you owe money to them. If you were keeping a book of accounts then your record of the transactions would be a mirror image of the bank's because you would be looking at it from your point of view."
As everyone is saying, this depends on a lot of variables. However... I had my dad help me with the downpayment on my house. In my case, the cost of mortgage payment and all maintenance expenses is still lower than paying rent. If I sell my house and walk away from the closing office with just $1 then I've still come out ahead compared to renting. The New York Times has a fantastic tool figure out if it's a good idea to buy vs. rent. http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/upshot/buy-rent-calculator.html?_r=0 It's asks all the relevant questions, and then it tells you how cheap rent would have to be make it the better option.
For sure accreditation is meaningless, especially if you're dealing with the more savvy and sometimes younger consumers.  But if you're in B2B and your customers are old school businesses, I think that they may have a different view on the BBB.
Those are towns with dwindling populations. Val D'or, the core of it, for instance is like 2 miles by 2 miles and has 3 McDs. All the kids in the province go study in bigger cities like Quebec or Montreal when fall comes because college is practically free and university is really cheap. This is not news, merely that those towns have too much fast food joints for their population anyway.
The Deploy is the first diamond bow offered by the binary cam system, which until now has only been offered with the Bowtech brand. The big binary cameras are that they hit each other and therefore always become almost perfect sync, even if there is a cable or cable stretching over time.
"Look into:  ""State forestry tax deferment plan providing a considerable reduction in property taxes."" ""My property was in a “greenway”, which was supposedly county sponsored; but was really funded by the federal government and gave the property had a tax reduction.""  There are also woodlot exemptions, iirc.  Depending on the state, etc."
"That is the best part. Everyone is "" brick and mortar stores are dead"" bandwagon reminds of the .com bubble. The customer base that Walmart is and will continue to be is the vast majority of not only the US but the world. The thing is these people like going to the store and browsing around and entertaining the physical aspect of buying shit rather than just point and clicking. The thing Walmart is doing is playing on what Amerians think makes America... they have heavy plans on American manufacturing and production which will be sold in their own stores which they will charge a slightly lower price for and make a stupid amount of money while at the same time buying up Advanced Auto Parts and taking over their 5000 plus stores and capabilities and then diving in ( which is a prediction) buying Blue Apron type operation and then simply taking over. Walmart does not need to get into the area of Netflix or any of the like because they can simply buy out down the road a company they can make compete in that field to hold onto the market share.  Amazon is the single most inflated outrageously high stock that has ever existed because of peoples ignorance of what the internet brings. They are rightfully and smartly playing on that but it won't pan out.  Walmart is smart by pushing partnerships with Fed Ex and UPS which are 2 of the largest carries in the world and employee well payed "" middle class"" people that look for dedication and respect no matter what generation you belong to. Not to mention they contract out with multiple trucking companies."
China is a huge country. The larger cities will have better public transportation infrastructure, just like the larger American cities (except LA but we're an exception). But China also has lots of rural regions that aren't going to have great infrastructure.  Beijing, say, might be comparable to NYC, but not Greenville NC.
there's actually software that tracks which stalls are in use.  supposedly in the future you will be able to choose a charger that is not in high demand currently.  you're right though, there could be a few instances where chargers are full and it is an issue.  once electrics become ubiquitous i doubt it will be a problem.
Fair point that its historically been just as fucked up, lol.    But please, explain to me, since I'm a layman and maybe the disconnect is in my head, how the market going up and down in dramatic fashions due to speculative behavior by traders (of any kind) should have the power to decide the worth of thousands of companies going about their normal business.
"My wife and I have been car-free since 2011.  We spent about $3500 on car shares and rentals last year (I went through it recently to flag trips that were medical transportation and unreimbursed work related for taxes).  This compares favorably with the last year of car ownership.  I had reached a point I started needing $200+ repairs every couple of months and the straw that broke the camels back was a (dealer mechanic estimate but still) $3000 estimate to pass emissions inspection.   Over 11 years the value went from $24000 to $3600, so it depreciated about 2k per year.   I was easily spending $40 per week on gasoline on my last commute.   I now use transit with the IRS commuter benefit so I do have a base after tax transportation expense of 1200 per year.  We use weekend rentals about 2x per month (and do use a warehouse club)  She uses rentals for her job about 12 times per year, and the medical transportation came in an intense burst.   Access: Our nearest carshare pod is 0.22 miles (3 blocks); there are two hotels with full service rental car desks about half a mile from our house and every brand at the Amtrak station a mile away.  There are concrete benefits to density, take every advantage. Insurance: I always take the rental company SLI daily insurance for $15 per day.  Certain no annual fee credit cards automatically include CDW.  Every time an insurance agent cold calls me, I ask for a quote for a ""named non owner"" policy, I'd probably take it if the premium was  $300 or less per 6 months.   Tips and tricks: a carshare minivan or truck rate is probably higher than a carshare car, but compared to a full service rental, may be much lower . The best value I spend no time in my life looking for a parking spot, and spend ""this hour"" tapping away on SE on a train instead of driving."
"First, one would 'not' want to be the guarantor as it would likely appear as a debt on their credit. In some cases this can be good, but not always.  I'd suggest a homeowners meeting. A reverse auction where you say ""Would anyone like to get the condo fee waived for 12 months in return for guaranteeing the loan?"" If no hands go up, you have an issue. But if even one hand goes up, you have the guarantor. Then you ask if there are any objections. Anyone who objects is welcome to bid fewer, say 10 months. Ideally, you see a dozen hands go up, and you just count down until one one remains. When I lived in a condo the fee was $250. If I were one of the older residents who planned to stay, I'd do it for one or two month's fees."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-fed-rosengren/fed-must-hike-rates-in-face-of-hot-u-s-labor-market-rosengren-idUSKBN1CC0JH) reduced by 46%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; MONTREAL - The Federal Reserve must respond to &amp;quot;Very tight&amp;quot; U.S. labor markets by gradually raising interest rates or risk halting the economic recovery, a hawkish Fed official said on Saturday.  &gt; In prepared remarks that largely restated his views, Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said he expects the labor market to improve further after U.S. unemployment dropped to 4.2 percent last month, its lowest level since 2001.  &gt; &amp;quot;Failing to respond to very tight labor markets with rates remaining negative in real terms could potentially risk unnecessarily shortening the economic recovery,&amp;quot; added Rosengren, who does not vote on policy this year but whose views often portend overall Fed policy.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/74wwu5/fed_must_hike_rates_in_face_of_hot_us_labor/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~223992 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Fed**^#1 **economic**^#2 **risk**^#3 **recovery**^#4 **policy**^#5"
"If you have enough earned income to cover this amount you should be all set. If I understand you correctly you proposed two transactions. The first, a withdrawal from the beneficiary IRA. Some of which is an RMD the rest is an extra withdrawal of funds.  Next, you propose to make a deposit to a combination of your IRA and your wife's IRA. As long as there's earned income to cover this deposit, your plan is fine.  To be clear, you can't ""take a bene IRA and deposit the RMD to an IRA."" But, money is fungible, the dollars you deposit aren't traceable, only need to be justified by enough earned income. A bene IRA is a great way to get the money to increase your own IRA or 401(k) deposits.  Further details - The 2016 contribution limit is $5,500 per person, so I did make the assumption you knew the $9000 deposit need to be split between the 2 IRAs, with no more than $5500 going into either one."
You know, your attempt at dramatic fiction is beneath you.  You are more than this,  You were taught as a child to love your neighbor and now you are going against your own beliefs to support the increase in income of people who are so much more powerful than you are and really don't care about you at all except for your vote.  Is that how you want to be remembered?  You have your entire life ahead of you.  I want you to enjoy every last moment of it, but keep your eyes open and look around and see all the possibilities in front of you besides hating other people.
"$10mil for the lawyers and literally pennies for each of the victims, great example of how absolutely horrible class action lawsuits are.  &gt;The proposed settlement covers nearly 125 million people, court documents show. The $20 million equates to less than 2 cents per class member. &gt; &gt;""We believe the revised settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate and responds to the issues raised previously by the court,"" Andrew Noyes, a Facebook spokesman, said on Monday."
Never said I was, I'm definitely not. I'm an engineer and I do this on the side. But professionals go broke every day, and let's have this discussion again after silver and gold go past $300 and $5000 for the 1000th time in history of this system.
90% of economists agree that moving forward with production makes a society far better off as a whole even if it means short term job loss. Just think about all the employment changes that have taken place over the centuries. Clothing production, farming, transportation, plumbing just to name a few. Just imagine if we never used modern plumbing because we refused to lay off jack and Jill because it's their job to get the pale of water. This wil suck for the people that loose their job but overall this is just us growing as a society. This is worth reading.... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technological_unemployment
"You are not wrong. This is called the ""Broken Window"" fallacy in economics. Imagine if 20% of a population was employed to go around breaking windows.  This would stimulate the economy as many people would have to be employed to make new windows, repair the broken windows, etc..  The problem is that everyone would have been better off if they didn't have to spend their valuable resources on repairing a perfectly functioning window. Although many people will be employed to rebuild Japan, this doesn't improve the standard of living for the folks in Japan."
Sure they can (most publicly traded banks at least) - and they do it a lot. Many banks have a proprietary trading desk, or Prop desk, where traders are buying and selling shares of publicly traded companies on behalf of the bank, with the bank's own money. This is as opposed to regular trading desks where the banks trade on behalf of their customers.
I know the general principles of acting as a director in a company, and am familiar with the rights of shareholders. In the last ten years or so, I believe Australia has introduced legislation that strongly punishes those directors who do not act in a professional or prudent manner. While I will of course attempt to fulfill the duties required - I am new to conducting business at this level, and am concerned about mistakenly breaching some unknown rule/law and being subject to repercussions that I just don't know about. As you have already stated, the key to being director in a company is the additional responsibility. Legally you can be held in breach. At the same time you will be able to influence your decision much better if you a director and thus safeguard your interest. If you are only a shareholder, you cannot be held responsible for decision by company, individual malpractice may still be applicable, but this is less of a risk. However over a period of time, the board can take certain decision that may marginalize your holding in the company.
Generally I drink the free water that they provide.   What I am saying is that if they lowered the price of the food and drinks, they might get more people in the door.  When it costs $50+ to go to the movies for a family of three, that family tends to not go out much.
If a parent has access to the birth certificate, social security card, passport, and other legal documentation indicating family relationship along with the minimum balance, I expect either online or in-person creating a Joint Tenancy With Right of Survivorship account wouldn't be too difficult and allows for either party to add or remove funds. Conceivably the bank account could have been created as a Custodial account but risks when the son reaches the Age of Majority on the account she would lose control. If you have access to the above mentioned documents and depending on parental rights assigned after the divorce you can follow what is suggested in this link: https://blog.smartcredit.com/2011/07/28/what-age-can-i-have-a-credit-report/ to get the credit reports. The credit reports should list what lender accounts are tied to your son.  They won't list any 'credit' assets like savings or investment accounts: http://www.myfico.com/crediteducation/in-your-credit-report.aspx As suggested a credit freeze would be appropriate. If he has reached 18 already, he can do it himself. Unless she under a Termination of Parental Rights order what I mentioned above should still hold.
I agree with you. I have a standing offer to all my meeting attendees that they can just read the docs and comment via email, or give me their status and issues in an email and skip the meetings.  Of the dozens of people on my teams, none take me up on it. It's crazy.
"Just as with any other service provider - vote with your wallet. Do not go back to that doctor's office, and make sure they know why. It's unheard of that a service provider will not disclose the anticipated charges ahead of time. A service provider saying ""we won't tell you how much we charge"" is a huge red flag, and you shouldn't have been dealing with them to begin with. Now you know. how can we ever get health care costs under control if there's so   little transparency? I'm assuming you're in the US. This is not going to change, since there's no profit in not screwing the customers. As long as health-care is a for-profit industry, you should expect everyone in it being busy figuring out a way for money to move from your wallet to their. That's what capitalism is about."
There is heap of instances where you may want a franchise lawyer. For instance, during the ending of your franchise lawyer California  agreement, an attorney can make certain that the conditions of the agreement are being duly observed. Likewise, in instances of statutory compliance, your attorney can not only interpret and defend you but can also work as a link between you and the franchise lawyer California. This can help break up whatever matters or concerns arising out of a franchisor's allegation.
For each liability, you should insure to the risk. A $150k home should be insured for that amount plus contents. Same for your car, if you want to insure for damages, fine, but liability is mandatory. It's not about what you want to spend but how to not take on more risk than nescesary and not over insure which is just wasteful.
When you are saving for money you need in 5 years or less the only real option is a savings account. I know the return is nothing at this point, but if you cannot take the risk of losing all of your money that's the only thing I would recommend.  Now you could try a good growth stock mutual fund if, when you look up in 2 - 3 years and you have lost money you wait it out until it grows enough to get what you lost back then buy your house. I would not do the second option because I wouldn't want to be stuck renting while waiting for the account to recover, and actually thinking about it that way you have more risk. 3 years from now if you have lost money and don't yet have enough saved you will have to continue paying rent, and no mutual fund will out preform that.
Not a good idea.  When you form a partnership with someone that creates a legal connection between you two.  What if he racks up $50,000 on the company credit card?  Do you want to be responsible for that debt?   A better way to do this would be to either charge your clients $X for IT work and pay him half of $X which would get you the same 50% or simply have him agree to share 50% of any income he gets from people referred by you.   This can be done in a simple contract or agreement without force you both into a partnership.
We're talking about American workers here, not workers from third world countries.   In America, everyone gets a free public education and has access to numerous social safety nets. The people that really want to make it happen here can make it happen.  One of my very best friends took the bus 3 hours each way to get to jr. college so he could go to film school. He moved out to Hollywood and was living with me for a few months after he had gotten a job out here. He got laid off and had to go home. When he got home his parents drug tested him and kicked him out because he had smoked weed 1 time right before he left. With no money and no job he moved in with his brother in a one bedroom apartment. His brother proceeded to get fired and neither of them had anything. He was pestering the hiring people at several editing places out in L.A. all the while looking for coins in the parking lot of fast food restaurants so he could get something to eat. Finally he got a job back out in L.A. making a little over $10 an hour. He moved back here, busted his ass and now makes around $90k a year.   O, and all this (excluding film school) has happened since May of 2011.   3rd world countries are entirely different than the issues that Wal-Mart workers in America face. It's not an apples to apples comparison. Americans that are working in a Wal-Mart shipping center that want more pay need to go out and better themselves and provide a service that society values.   Just showing up for your 8 hours a day and stacking boxes in trucks is not of high value here. And they should be paid as such.
Nothing new, PayPal has never hesitated to express their opinions before. I would have already assumed this was the case. I wonder though, do they still do business with countries that execute people for certain sexual orientations?   It'd seem *killall[insert race here]people.com* drives a little less business for them than say, *Saudia Arabia*—and makes for easy PR.
"Random deposits are a bit like playing the lotery - especially if one is frequently chasing ""hot tips"".  You might make it big, but the odds are vastly against you. ""Random"" deposits into various investments won't be optimal, because such ""random"" decisions will not be properly diversified and balanced.  Various investments have different rates of risk and return. ""Random"" deposits will not take this into account for an individual's personal situation. In addition to needing to research individual investments as they are made, investments also need to be considered as part of a whole financial picture.  A few considerations for example: Simply put, random isn't a financial strategy."
"No, you capitalize all that and deduct as depreciation from the royalties. What it means is that you cannot deduct the expense when it is incurred, but only when you started receiving income that the expense was used to derive. This is similar to capitalizing building improvements which can only be deducted when you start getting rent, or capitalizing software development expenses which can only be deducted once you start selling/licensing the developed software. In the case of book writing - you capitalize the expenses and deduct them once you start receiving royalties. The period over which you deduct (the ""depreciation schedule"") depends on the type of the expense and the type of the income, so you better get a guidance from a licensed tax accountant (EA or CPA licensed in your State)."
http://norton-scientificmedical.com/resources/2012/06/06/thousands-of-tubes-damaged-at-calif-nuclear-plant/     Over 1,300 tubes containing radioactive water inside San Onofre nuclear plant's steam generators in California has been reportedly damaged enough that they need to be taken out of service. To date, the safety of tubing that snakes around the plant's 4 steam generators were installed in a multimillion-dollar upgrade three years ago. According to the company's official statement on Monday, 807 tubes in Unit 3 and 510 tubes from Unit 2 reactors were retired. Every generator has almost 10,000 tubes and the total number of plugged tubes would not affect a proper operation of the plant.  The chairman of Edison, SCE's parent company, reportedly called investors to notify them of the premature wear found in around 1% of 39,000 tubes in the generators. A nuclear watchdog Norton Medical and Scientific Research &amp; Biotechnology issued a warning, saying in effect that it seems «the new steam generators are falling apart and Edison doesn't know why. It would be foolhardy to restart, even at reduced power, under the current circumstances.» The nuclear plant is owned by the Riverside City together with San Diego Gas and Electric and SCE. A joint statement released last week by the California Independent System Operator and Edison gave possible dates this June for planning. However, government regulators were quick to assert that there is no timetable for a restart -- something that would still need a federal approval. The alert concerns stemmed from an incident in January when the third reactor was shut off after a tube broke. But although radiation has escaped during that time, officials were quick to assure residents and workers that there was no imminent danger. Earlier that month, the second unit was shut down for its regular maintenance but investigators discovered instead of premature wear on hundreds of tubes that were only installed 2 years ago by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. (The first unit operated on 1968 was dismantled in 1992.) The tubes stand for a crucial safety barrier, that is, if a tube breaks then there is considerable chance for radioactivity to escape onto the atmosphere. Serious leaks could also use up the protective cooling water employed in a reactor. SCE estimates that the repair expenses could cost about USD 55 to 65 million, aside from the initial USD 30 million it has spent to replace the output from the 2 reactors earlier this year.
According to this http://shine.yahoo.com/event/financiallyfit/cheapest-days-to-shop-online-2301854/ Tuesday is the best day of the week to buy men's apparel.
Patti - I realize, of course, that you pose an either/or question. It seems the question closes the door on other potential solutions.
Scenario #2 is most likely will generate the best long-term financial outcome. If your friends emergency fund is truly excessive and can afford to be reduced by the amount required to payoff the vehicle loan then that will save a few dollars. Scenario #3 is not an approach I would recommend. However, if your friend has to choose between paying off the loan or maxing his Roth... Making a few assumptions regarding the loan, I figure it is probably a 4 year - $13.5k. Which means he is paying somewhere below $40 a month in interest.  As JAGnalyst speaks to people often over estimate the spread they can make with another investment compared to the interest rate on a loan. However, the effect of compounded, tax-free returns can not be ignored when you are discussing a 22 year old person contributing to a Roth IRA.  Doing some calculations, assuming the car is being paid off on the first payment your friend will save just under $1000. The total interest that would have been paid over the life of the loan. If your friend adds $3600, approximately one year of payments, to their Roth IRA contributions -- just once. Assuming a 3.5% avg return and a retirement age of 65, the $3600 will be worth just south of $16k; a $12,400 return. Using the same investment return and tax assumptions and simplifying the $1000 savings as if it was all realized as a lump sum at the time of paying off the loan. That $1000 invested in a non-tax-advantaged investment (because the whole discussion is based on if the friend had to pick and lose the opportunity for the one year to make the additional Roth IRA contribution) would return $3047.
Monopolies and Oligarchies are the worst players, subsidiesed or not.  Let’s unattached subsidies from this argument, as subsidies do not cause monopolies, just like food by itself doesn’t cause obesity. Abuse of power just as abuse of food cause the issues I mentioned.  Let’s get to the real cause before we accuse the side issues.
I'm not aware of any method to own US stocks, but you can trade them as contract for difference, or CFDs as they are commonly known. Since you're hoping to invest around $1000 this might be a better option since you can use leverage.
"See Publication 505, specifically the section on ""Annualized Income Installment Method"", which says: If you do not receive your income evenly throughout the year (for example, your income from a repair shop you operate is much larger in the summer than it is during the rest of the year), your required estimated tax payment for one or more periods may be less than the amount figured using the regular installment method. The publication includes a worksheet and explanation of how to calculate the estimated tax due for each period when you have unequal income.  If you had no freelance income during a period, you shouldn't owe any estimated tax for that period. However, the process for calculating the estimated tax using this method is a good bit more complex and confusing than using the ""short"" method (in which you just estimate how much tax you will owe for the year and divide it into four equal pieces).  Therefore, in future years you might want to still use the equal-payments method if you can swing it.  (It's too late for this year since you missed the April deadline for the first payment.)  If you can estimate the total amount of freelance income you'll receive (even though you might not be able to estimate when you'll receive it), you can probably still use the simpler method.  If you really have no idea how much money you'll make over the year, you could either use the more complex computation, or you could use a very high estimate to ensure you pay enough tax, and you'll get a refund if you pay too much."
Variance of a single asset is defined as follows: σ2 = Σi(Xi - μ)2 where Xi's represent all the possible final market values of your asset and μ represents the mean of all such market values.  The portfolio's variance is defined as σp2 = Σiwi2σi2 where, σp is the portfolio's variance, and wi stands for the weight of the ith asset.  Now, if you include the borrowing in your portfolio, that would classify as technically shorting at the borrowing rate. Thus, this weight would (by the virtue of being negative) increase all other weights. Moreover, the variance of this is likely to be zero (assuming fixed borrowing rates). Thus, weights of risky assets rise and the investor's portfolio's variance will go up. Also see, CML at wikipedia.
Many CEOs I have heard of earn a lot more than 200k. In fact a lot earn more than 1M and then get bonuses as well. Many wealthy people increase there wealth by investing in property, the stock market, businesses and other assets that will produce them good capital growth. Oh yeh, and luck usually has very little to do with their success.
Opioids have become a scourge of our society.  Even more interesting is the story behind the [Sackler Family](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mortimer_Sackler), who in many ways singlehandedly foisted this problem upon the U.S. and in the process became what might be characterized as the wealthiest legal drug lord family in the world.
I’m selling the full 4 month Social Media Marketing Course from Tai Lopez! (81 videos plus all PDF and Word files! Contact me via eMail at Tailopezprograms@gmail.com to buy it for 29$ USD. I’ll share it via Google Drive before you pay so you can see its legit!
Yep.  Like I said, I'm riding it out while it lasts.  No skin off my nose if they go under.  That being said, this guy is a cofounder of Netflix, and with all the press this thing is getting, nobody is calling it a scam.  I have to believe that they have something up their sleeve.
Generally, report your $150,000. If/when the the tax collectors notice the anomaly, they'll attempt to contact you to remedy it. I can't speak for Canada, but in the US, it's pretty orderly. The IRS requests additional information or proof and only open it up into a full blown audit if the suspect wrongdoing. In your case, you could show a business agreement detailing the revenue split proving you correctly reported. This is only for your consideration. I strongly recommending finding and keeping a professional tax advisor.
I know this is an old question, but for others who may be wondering the same thing, Kualto.com does precisely this. You enter your expected expenses/income and it shows you the beginning and ending balance of each week. You can navigate ahead as much as you want to see how expenses today will affect your account balance in the future.
"1. (a) ""Stephen Kinzer: The True Flag of American Empire #051"" by Guadalajara Geopolitics Institute, published on 14 June 2017: http://guadalajarageopolitics.com/2017/06/14/stephen-kinzer-true-flag-american-empire-051/      YouTube link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXSMHR-sN1s      SoundCloud link: https://soundcloud.com/guadalajara-geopolitics/stephen-kinzer-the-true-flag-of-american-empire-051      Stephen Kinzer: http://stephenkinzer.com      (b) Read https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/6feg5x/putin_interview_did_russia_interfere_in_the/dihhtkq      (c) ""The CIA's Holy War: No espionage operation or covert action was deemed too extreme by a CIA that saw only friends or enemies"" by Stephen Kinzer, published in the June 2016 issue of American History: http://watson.brown.edu/news/2016/cias-holy-war-written-stephen-kinzer       PDF: [http://watson.brown.edu/files/watson/imce/news/2016/CIA's Holy Cold War Kinzer.pdf](http://watson.brown.edu/files/watson/imce/news/2016/CIA%27s%20Holy%20Cold%20War%20Kinzer.pdf)      American History magazine: http://www.historynet.com/magazines/american-history-magazine       (d) ""Covert Action: A Systems Approach"" by Kristen N. Wood, published December 2014: http://calhoun.nps.edu/bitstream/handle/10945/44692/14Dec_Wood_Kristen.pdf      Source: http://hdl.handle.net/10945/44692  2. Read https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5b9bza/the_political_system_of_the_usa_is_characterised/d9mq22q          Source: #1 at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/d9q9006      Via: #26 at https://www.reddit.com/r/Missing411/comments/41oph0/supernatural_abductions_in_japanese_folklore_by/cz3we2z  3. ""Jasun Horsley, host of The Liminalist podcast, interviews Peter Levenda about 'The Individuation Chamber' (The Liminalist #11.5), published on 22 April 2015 -- their discussion includes 'Americanism and homogeneity, 'Star Trek' and colonialism, psychology disguised as politics, weaponizing Islam, Eisenhower and Dulles, the sorcerer's apprentice'"": #4a at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/ddlcuvl          Weaponizing religion (religion as a weapon), nuclear power/atomic power, atomic/nuclear bomb explosion: Start at 40:20 (40 minutes and 20 seconds)      Source + Much More: #7c at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/dfmc7kj      Via: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/d9q9006      Via: #26 at https://www.reddit.com/r/Missing411/comments/41oph0/supernatural_abductions_in_japanese_folklore_by/cz3we2z  4. Visit      (a) https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/6iho4e/a_house_armed_services_panel_intends_to_create_a/dj6bhas      (b) https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/6hfhh0/take_a_globe_spin_it_and_point_with_a_finger_to/dixva87      (c) https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/6feg5x/putin_interview_did_russia_interfere_in_the/dihhtkq"
I don't know if all these facts can be attributed to NAFTA but it is hard to escape the feeling that trade agreements hurt US workers.  I have no doubt that a companies bottom line benefits from free trade and that consumers get access to cheaper goods- but the well being of the nation as a whole is not necessarily the same as the financial well being of corporations or lower prices for junk.  Free trade agreements, without a doubt, have hurt average workers.  Whenever economics is discussed it is important to keep in mind that the most economists are valuing these kinds of deals in ways that don't make sense to the average person.  No one, for instance, can place a value on the person who lost their job- or how that impacts their family and community.  I understand why- those kinds of social costs cannot be measured.
I'd like to recommend that people watch [The Queen of Versailles](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Queen_of_Versailles), because it's an amazing look inside the home (in more than one way) of this man, David Siegel, and his family. But if you're anything like me, this movie will make you angry and depressed that people like this not only exist, but have been so amazingly rewarded for their avarice. Frankly, I'm not entirely sure that kind of poison is a good thing.  In any case, let me just share this little tidbit from the film. Near the beginning of the film, Siegel claims that he was responsible for winning the state of Florida for George W. Bush in 2000, which in turn won GW the presidential election. When asked what he did, he smirks, and replies that he won't say, because he doesn't think it was legal.
"Oh god.   Dude I'm trying really hard to help you, but I can tell im not gonna have much of an impact.  There's nothing altruistic about what she's doing. She's not trying to help you. No friend would encourage you to take out close to six figures worth of debt to ""invest"" in a struggling weed dispensary.  You're gonna be a financial wreck by the time this is over."
The Military Home owners wants to remain living in the home for 2 weeks after the closing date. You can include this provision in your contract. By putting the seller directly across the table, you can put your heads together and find win-win solutions to some issues that may arise.
Usually get upgraded myself, never saw anything like that. Got upgraded to a Suburban once though I just wanted a sedan, but I ended up liking it as it had the full trim, sat radio, heated seats, etc. They had tons of Tahoes on the lot too, but for some reason was short on full size sedans, heh.
I never received any bad treatment as a foreigner. I have dinner with my landlord once a month, and go to the bar with the guy that sold me the plan.   Why the fuck would you take out a loan in a foreign country? If you need to so badly, then you obviously don't have the collateral to do so and that's why they are turning you away.   Homogenous countries are naturally xenophobic, get over it.
&gt;Corporate taxes as a percentage of federal revenue declined from 27.3 percent in 1955 to 8.9 percent in 2010  If the federal government adds a European-style VAT tax, that would also greatly decrease corporate taxes as a percentage of federal revenue, but it would be because there's more taxes coming in from other sources.   Federal income taxes in the United States didn't even *exist* until 1913.  Percentage of federal income goes down as income from other sources go up.  The United States [currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/30/us-corporate-tax-rate_n_1392310.html).
"It's rarely advisable to pay interest for something you can afford with cash. Just because you have no credit or loan history doesn't mean you aren't credit worthy. When applying for loans or credit, the lending institutions look at your credit report, not just your credit score. There are lots of things that show up on the reports they receive including (but not limited to): Right now, so many people are focused on their credit score, they're taking on unnecessary debt and potentially losing money in the long run. Yes, having a higher credit score will ultimately be beneficial, but your score will start growing naturally as you live your life. Unless of course you can and do pay for everything with cash. The concept of monitoring your score and striving to get it as high as possible is being shoved down our throats by advertisers at the moment. Don't fall for it. Rather than taking out a loan, which will cost you money in interest and actually show up as a closed account once it's paid off, you might be better served by applying for a credit card and using it sparingly just to start getting that credit history together. (Add usual ""don't spend more than you can pay back"" mantra here). Get a card with no annual fee and maybe some cash back options, and use it as the auto-payment for a utility if possible. You build credit history, increase your score, and it doesn't cost you any more than you'd be paying anyways.   With regards to the investment question: With little to no credit history, you're not going to be approved for a loan with a low enough interest rate anyways. Think double digits. With a co-signer, you'll get a better rate, but then you need a co-signer. I don't know the exact math, but in today's market I'd say you'd need a loan interest rate of 2% or lower for investing to be worth thinking about.  I believe this answer helps clarify the loan to invest math: https://money.stackexchange.com/a/26193/30798"
Too calculate these values, information contained in the company's financial statements (income, balance, or cashflow) will be needed along with the price.  Google finance does not maintain this information for BME.  You will need to find another source for this information or analyze another another symbol's financial section (BAC for example).
You should talk to a financial fiduciary (make sure they are a fiduciary, not all planners are) about investing your money.  Even ultra safe investments such as treasury bonds will beat the 1% interest rate offered by your savings account (the yield on the 5 year treasury is currently around 2%).
We got a diaper shipment as a baby shower gift. I thought it would be a bunch of crap but I was pleasantly surprised.  * The diapers are far better at containing blowouts than pampers or huggies, and the designs were way better than the muppets on pampers. After staring at the rugrat's butt all the time while he does stuff, it does start to matter.  * the healing balm is flat-out magic. The kid has a pretty intractible case of baby eczema. Doctor says it'll clear up eventually, not much they can do apart from some nasty steroid creams that aren't worth the trouble if he's not being too bothered by it. She recommends all kinds of stuff to try and nothing works - except for this stuff. After putting some nasty zinc stuff on his diaper rashes, this balm cleared it up in under a week.  * The wipes aren't as good as some other baby wipes, but they get the job done. I'd still use those in a pinch, but prefer store-bought stuff for its absorbancy.  The price on the shipping made it pretty comparable. Wife has the invoices so I can't do an apples-to-apples comparison, but she said for the diapers alone it's maybe a 2-cent markup per diaper, including shipping costs.
Tesla is currently unmatched in the industry for leveraging the software and built in communications on their vehicles. Other manufacturers talk the same game, but I've yet to see anyone else rev their software with feature updates like Tesla. I wish the others would step up their game.   I hope they are the first to implement car following. Then every time an owner brings in an ICE car to service, it becomes an ad for Tesla as the owner drops off the ICE vehicle, then steps into the Tesla that silently followed them to the mechanic's.
Yes, I think many of them actually do. All one has to do is look at how people responded to the [*exact same responses to Syria under Obama as well as under Trump*](http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/04/gop-voters-love-same-attack-on-syria-they-hated-under-obama.html) to understand how much politics clouds people's thinking.   I think there is a percent of that population who never had to buy insurance before, and are not happy with having to now. I think there is a percent who had junk insurance before which wouldn't cover anything important and are upset that there is now a standard for coverage (and conveniently ignore the fact that they would leave the taxpayer responsible for covering it because the same people who buy shoddy insurance are usually the same people who can't cover catastrophic medical bills). Then I also think that there is a percentage of them who are facing the repercussions of their state government not enacting the Medicaid expansion and not taking part in the state exchanges. I think most of them have bought the party line - hook, line, and sinker - that this is all the ACA fault and that the GOP tinkering and obstructionism has nothing to do with it.
Bullshit, I'm guessing you don't know many CEOs and what they provide for a company, do you?   Also, your idea about private management is meaningless. The shareholders manage the company. End of story. They are also the owners.
Most people looking to introduce a water softener to their home and office have opted for salt based water filters. Electronic water softener systems are the best way for water resolution. In this system, water softener unit is periodically recharged with sodium by flushing through with a brine solution. Although these are effective at removing the calcium from your water system they have a number of disadvantages. They are relatively expensive to buy.
Brief about Carpets, various types and more….  Carpet is a material that covers the floor, protects from dust, stains and stinks etc; it is soft and gives warm pleasure to barefoot.  Carpets are made of polypropylene, nylon, polyester etc, which is also called as synthetic fibers. But in ancient days during 20th century wool was used to manufacture carpets and was quite expensive.  The carpets upper layer pile will be attached to backing, where they have primary, secondary backing. Here are a list of some soft carpets with great style, color and patterns   Caress-501 Paper Moon   Caress 501 paper moon soft carpet is completely made of smartstrand sorona fiber. The width of this carpet is around 12feet wide and available in different colors like cob web, Italian suede, rock wall etc. It put resistance to all kinds of stains and dirt.   Incredible-Sweet Potato   Incredible-sweet potato is a kid’s favorite carpet made of smartstrand w/du pont sorona triexta and it is also available in varied colors like muslin, pineapple, tiki hut etc, and it’s quite inexpensive too.   Formal Affair -Canopy  It is a residential plush carpet made of soft pet filament polyester. This formal affair-canopy soft carpet is smooth in nature and it adds a conventional look to your decor.  Still, there are many high quality soft carpets are available that can give a fabulous look to your commercial, residential space with more durability and comfort.  for more info  http://firststepflooring.net/product-category/carpets/soft-carpet/
They also have greatly reduced access to reproductive care and traditional health care at all. I'm for free condoms in every public school and college campus. But no the religious right won't stand for it. The real reason is the right loves poverty because it's profitable and keeps wages low and unemployment high.
I'm speaking of the investment I'm making in my own skills and work ethic, which would still be extremely valuable even if I was a terrible person who didn't give a shit about anyone else.  That said, where I've worked, no one is getting locked in the building at night or threatened (although one of my employers did try to pay me under the table one time). My experience with organized labor in my workplaces has been that the leaders whine about having to do stuff that is actually part of their job and don't actually provide much of a benefit to the workers.   I'm not saying this is true for all employers - organized labor is obviously an important check on employers that abuse their employees. But in my experience, having an organized workforce is not a universal positive. Rather, its value depends on the leadership of the union and whether the working conditions are actually abusive to begin with.
"Because without central authority, you cannot actually change the price of a good permanently. By trying to tie taxes on income into cost of living for ""basic living""(whatever that means) you've changed the entire discussion and are essentially useless to it. Stop attempting to showboat your concerns by derailing other's discussions."
To get rich in a short time, it's more likely what you want to do is go into business. You could go into a non-investment business such as opening a restaurant or starting a tech company, of course. Warren Buffett was working in investing, which is quite a bit different than just buying stocks: The three ways to get rich investing I can think of are: I think the maximum real (after-inflation) return you can really count on over a lot of years is in the 5-6% range at most, maybe less. Here's a post where David Merkel argues 3-4% (assuming cash interest is close to zero real return): http://alephblog.com/2009/07/15/the-equity-premium-is-no-longer-a-puzzle/ At that rate you can double every 10-15 years.  Any higher rate is probably risking much lower returns. I often post this argument against that on investment questions: http://blog.ometer.com/2010/11/10/take-risks-in-life-for-savings-choose-a-balanced-fund/ Agree with you that lots of people seem to think they can make up for not saving money by picking a winning investment. Lots of people also use the lottery as a retirement strategy. I'm not sure this is totally irrational, if for some reason someone just can't save. But I'm sure it will fail for almost all the people who try it.
"An unmarried person with a total U.S.-sourced earned income under $ 37,000 during the year 2016 is likely to owe: If the original poster is not an ""independent contractor"", and is not ""billing corp-to-corp"" then: In summary: References:"
Could Uber not as well? Stop burning cash to establish Uber Eats, stop being so aggressive in new markets, and live off the cash flows from places like NYC. It would cap their growth, but I doubt it would take long to become profitable if they decided that was more important than expansion.
But it does create wealth, as shown by the GDP graph.  It gives money to people whom otherwise wouldn't have it.  They then spend it and create the demand for the things they buy.  Demand demand demand.  DE-Mand.  Wealth.  It's what's going wrong now.  Rich people have more money than they've had since 1929; same for corporations.  If they (the rich and corporations) created wealth with their spare change we'd be doing swimmingly.  But they don't and we're not.  Empirically, scientifically speaking  We need to give money to those that don't have it to kickstart demand.  Then the economy will come roaring back.  If you have evidence otherwise, I'd like to see it.
Fist money does not have legal tender.  And technically there are thousands of people willing to fight for bitcoin, who can be seen as an army so in that logic bitcoin has some intrinsic value.  But both don't have intrinsic value. Most sources on the internet I can find agree with that. Wikipedia, investopedia and many others.  Not that money needs intrinsic value. If the market value is 1000 times above the intrinsic value then the intrinsic value is not even relevant. But 1000 * 0 = 0 and the intrinsic value of the dollar itself (not coins) will always be 0. Same for the EUR and then YUAN.
Oh I definitely wish there were more women in STEM.  Though the NYT likes to blame bias from those already in those fields, I suspect that's mostly decades in the past.            I'm more inclined to attribute a lot of it to some type of social pressure from female peers, particularly in teenage years where social acceptance is very important, and being the girl who's taking AP Statistics or considering a degree in Accounting is not going to win one acceptance into the popular kids crowd.  Which is really unfortunate because being interested in such things really should be encouraged.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://larrysummers.com/2017/10/22/one-last-time-on-who-benefits-from-corporate-tax-cuts/) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The analysis from Hassett, chief of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, relies heavily on correlations between corporate tax rates and wages in other countries to argue that a cut in the corporate tax rate would boost returns to labor very substantially.  &gt; The authors include no corporate tax detail, no recognition of the impact of the tax proposal on asset prices, and no treatment of the budget consequences of tax cuts.  &gt; The newest boldest bit of claim inflation regarding the tax bill comes from the Business Roundtable: &amp;quot;a competitive 20 percent corporate tax rate could increase wages sufficient to support two million new jobs.&amp;quot; This would, coupled with job growth projected even in the absence of a corporate rate cut, take the unemployment rate well below 3 percent! I would be very interested to see the underlying analysis.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/78551e/summers_one_last_time_on_who_benefits_from/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~233281 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **tax**^#1 **corporate**^#2 **rate**^#3 **cut**^#4 **investment**^#5"
No appologies needed.  The want to pretend this whole process is complicated so people like you don't ask questions, but that's really it.  There's nothing more to it than that.  They purchase bonds and other financial assets from the government and from their favorite banker friends with the money they just created (presumably by pushing the up arrow on a Dell keyboard, lol).  That's it.  Then the major banks and the government all have more money.  The idea being that it loosens up credit.  Those banks will lend out more money to other banks and eventually to us.  Additionally, the government will have more money to spend.  It gives the illusion that something of worth was actually created.  That's the entire scheme.  You still may have $1000 dollars, but your $1000 is now a smaller percentage of the total amount of money out there, so it buys less as prices increase to adjust for this new money.
Here, you can get that service whatever you want in the best location. We organize the professional wedding engagements and more special party. As you know, everyone wants unique and fabulous party which is mind blowing party with our party organizer. Make the professional party with our unique wedding engagements west palm beach that's offer everything. There are so many options to celebrate the party. But, before that you should choose the best located area in Florida.
&gt;That doesn't exist any more.  This is false.  The GSE Sallie Mae buys student loans from other banks, meaning the banks offload their risk to Sallie Mae.  If Fannie/Freddie has taught us anything, is that the government will [come to the rescue](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_takeover_of_Fannie_Mae_and_Freddie_Mac) if things go south.  In a way, the bailouts have shown that the government is backing *all* loans.  Second, students cannot discharge their student loans through bankruptcy, as easily as other loans.  As long as this is true the risk is reduced for the creditors.  If that were allowed, and students began defaulting on their loans (at the expense of their credit), then the assets tied to those loans become worthless, and the banks holding the loans go under, which will probably prompt some massive government/Fed bailout.  &gt;Student homes are not like home loans  Every bubble is different, but they all end the same way.  Cheap credit created by the government results in malinvestments and loans that cannot be paid back.  The bubble will pop and the lenders will not get paid back.  See [Austrian Business Cycle Theory](http://www.slideshare.net/ManAgainstTheState/austrian-business-cycle-theory)
"Actually the labeling still leaves a lot of room for imagination. I know this due to researching food labeling concerning allergies. There's a huge number of things that can go under natural seasonings, for example. At the end of the day you don't actually know what it is. EU is a lot more particular about their labeling and they avoid wording that is deceptive to the consumers. Let's not pretend that ""made with 100% chicken"" wasn't created to dupe people. We shouldn't have to stand there and debate semantics when buying food."
"This is the kind of scenario addressed by Reddit's /r/personalfinance Prime Directive, or ""I have $X, what should I do with it?"" It follows a fairly linear flowchart for personal spending beginning with a budget and essential costs. The gist of the flowchart is to cover your most immediate costs and risks first, while also maximizing your benefits. It sounds like you would fall somewhere around steps 1 and 3. (Step 2 won't apply since this is not pretax income.) If you don't already have at least $1000 reserved in an emergency fund, that's a great place to start. After that, you'll want to use the rest to pay down your debt. Your credit card debt is very high interest and should be treated as a financial emergency. Besides the balance of your gift, you may want to throw whatever other funds you have saved beyond one month's expenses at this problem. As far as which card, since you have multiple debts you're faced with the classic choice of which payoff method to use: snowball (lowest balance first) or avalanche (highest interest rate first). Avalanche is more financially optimal but less immediately gratifying. Personally, since your 26% APR debt is so large and so high interest, I would recommend focusing every available penny on that card until it is paid off, and then never use it again. Again, per the flowchart, that means using everything left over after steps 0-2 are fulfilled."
As someone that has run a nonprofit, my 2 cents: First: thank you for giving and for being conscientious about wanting to make things as easy as possible. The best method is the one you'll actually do. If there is a chance that you will end up not donating by check because you don't have a stamp, you forget, etc. go ahead and do it online. A donation with a fee is better than an intention without one. We had one case where a potential donor decided to give, but was so worried about the processing fee that they wanted to write a check. We followed up 3 times on the pledge, spent time following up with the pledge's connection that wanted to see if it came through, and in the end they never sent the check. Their pledge wound up costing us staff time and money as we tried to make their giving easy.  If you are as likely to give, size matters. My rule of thumb is that if you are giving $1 up to about a hundred dollars, the fee (which most nonprofits can get to about 3% or 3.5%) is about the same as the added staff time opening the check, adding an extra to the deposit slip, etc. But as soon as you are giving a couple hundred dollars and especially if you are giving in the thousands, it is definitely better to do it by check. Most banks don't charge an extra deposit fee at the scale of most nonprofits, and we probably have some run to the bank happening in the next day or two. Really your thank you note should be the same whether online or by check (even though you'll get the auto-thank you online), so that time difference shouldn't really play into it. The donation will be appreciated either way.  While I cringe a bit if I see a $1,500 donation come through online knowing that the check would be cheaper, that is far outweighed by the thankfulness that someone thought of us and made it happen.
Do I have the option of stripping options off of the Model 3 to make it more affordable? Can I get it at $20,000 if I strip enough options off? I didn't think so.   I'm comparing base model costs. Model 3 is a luxury class vehicle, not a family car.  I have no hate for Tesla and eventually would like to see a Tesla in my driveway. But it's not a economically accessible vehicle for a lot of people right now.
Not to mention, people only shop at Walmart because they have to.   Whether it's small budgets or quite literally no other choices in town, most people don't like Walmart but shop there anyway. It has a bad reputation for many things. They often have lower quality versions of the same products available elsewhere because they bully suppliers into lowering prices. They also steal products to be marketed under their Great Value brand. They bleed local economies by underpaying employees and offering no benefits. And, they are seen as the low class option compared to other stores like Target.  If there was another option, people would take it. As soon as Amazon perfects the shipping system, Walmart will be a thing of the past. Sam's Club might still have a shot, though Costco seems to be edging them out too.
I disagree with the theory that SUPPLY needs to increase... stagnant sales can just as easily suggest either equilibrium between supply and demand, or a problem with purchasing power.  I would want to know the home sale PRICES (today vs last month and vs last year)... and possibly salaries.  if prices are the same, then we're more or less in equilibrium... if sale prices are dropping, then we're in trouble... but in either case I question whether adding supply will do anything except lower prices and push the market power towards the buyer.
"If you have decided to do the degree, and are simply deciding whether to accept employer funding for it or not, take the funding. I see no difference between ""my employer doesn't pay my tuition"" and ""my employer paid my tuition but I had to pay it back because I moved on"". Therefore there is no downside to letting them pay the tuition. If you want to move on before the two years (or whatever) is up, you pay back that interest free loan. You are still ahead over self funding the degree. If you have not decided to do the degree, and are letting the employer-funded tuition figure into your decision process, stop that right now. Doing a degree is hard work. You will either work much longer hours than you do now, or live on a lower salary, or more likely both. You might enjoy it, you might be worth more afterwards, and it might open the door to a raft of careers available only to those with the degree. The actual cost of the tuition is unlikely to be significant in this decision process. Removing it (by assuming the employer pays it) should still not be done. If it's worth doing when you self fund, then do it and relax knowing you won't feel trapped at your employer even if you let them pay it (or lend you the money for it if you end up leaving.)"
With the crazy amount of fee overhead in Instacart, I am not sure if teaming up would Aldi would make sense for them. Maybe it will be different for Aldi but for a Costco order, the items were %10-15 more expensive, there was a processing fee, delivery fee and they expected you to tip the shopper. That's just crazy so I would never use Instacart again unless they provided a large discount again similar to one they do for first time customers.
It really depends on the terms of your loan. For example, some loans have a pre-payment penalty. You will just have to ask your lender to know for sure. That said. In almost all cases, you can save considerable interest by making extra payments towards the principal. Be careful though, some lenders require you to specifically mark the payment to be applied to the loan principal and if you don't designate it as such, they will just apply it as an early payment for future months and not reduce your balance until that future payment is due, which doesn't help at all. Another option to reduce your total interest costs, though more common for larger loans like mortgages, is to split the payment into multiple parts and pay more than once a month instead of a single payment each month. This only works if they calculate interest daily and would be useless if they do it monthly. They key is knowing the terms of your loan. Despite it not being in their best interest (pun intended), most lenders will work with you on a strategy to help you minimize the interest cost in the name of customer service.
Commercial banks are not allowed to create real money.  The confusion comes from the different ways money is counted.  In M2, deposits count as money.  So if you take $100 and deposit it in the bank, M2 will count the $100 deposit as money, as well as the $100 cash the bank has from the deposit.  So under M2 the money supply has increased by $100, but no real money was created.  Commercial banks can't create real money out of thin air, and they can't loan out money they don't have.
You have a loan. You can probably assume you're going to have to repay that loan, every dollar. And every dollar that's outstanding on that loan costs you interest. So assuming you're not hit by any pre-payment penalty, any dollar that you pay down on your house right now saves you a compounded R% a year, where R is your mortgage rate. It doesn't really matter whether you're planning to sell it in a few years or not. If you pay $N, you'll save the interest + $N taken from the sale price and sent to the bank when you sell the house and move (though you might get a tax deduction on the interest). If you have a better place to park your money and earn a decent rate of return, it would be worth it to do that instead of paying down the mortgage. If you had another loan with higher interest rates, that's probably a better loan to pay off. If you can spend some of all of it on something that's actually genuinely worth R% of its purchase price a year (plus whatever the wear and tear takes away from its value, if anything) then spend it on that instead; that'd be a better investment. (For instance, investments in the stock market may offer better returns. However, that's risky! Observe that you can't lose money paying down your mortgage, and that Safety is usually relatively expensive these days, so it's not a bad deal. But if you're talking about using it for long-term retirement savings that are tax-advantaged to boot, that's another matter.) If you already have ample emergency funds and were just planning on putting the money into a savings account to rot at ~1.35% taxable interest, it's definitely worth it to pay down your balance now, unless you're about to sell (so the savings are slight) and it's a real inconvenience.
I am glad you agree that it makes much more sense to invest in your children now so they can enrich our society later rather than neglect their basic, human needs in a misguided attempt to punish their parents.
Long story short, 8% turned out to be the tipping point because it was the average subordination level of the A rated tranches of the subprime MBS bonds.    The reason this was the magic number is because of the way bonds were placed during the period.  Basically no end user wanted to take on the risk of buying below A-rated paper, so instead of being sold directly, these BBB rated and below bonds were re-packaged into CDOs and tranched off.  Again, the higher rated paper was sold off to whomever, while the BBB and below stuff got reshuffled and repackaged into other CDOs or CDO^2 , further levering up the initial subprime bonds.    Now, back to the magic 8% number. Remember how I said that 8% was the subordination level for the A rated subprime paper? The other way of saying that is once defaults reached 8%, the BBB and below tranches of the the MBS were completely wiped out.  Since the CDOs were largely made up of these BBB and below MBS, once they started getting written down so did the CDOs.  When the lower rated CDO tranches started to go, because they were also repackaged in the same way, it just continued the negative feedback loop and before long even the  AA and AAA rated paper was seeing massive losses.    As more and more supposedly safe paper started to get wiped out, highly leveraged CDS contracts started coming due, causing AIG (which had written contracts on over $500 billion in assets) to get downgraded by the rating agencies, putting it on the brink of going under.  Because basically every major bank had exposure to AIG, had they gone under, the other banks would have all had to write down those contracts at the same time, essentially causing the entire financial system to collapse.
"As someone who founded and owns a bakery and employs about 20 people this is my advice:  1. Clean the toilets.  Show that you're willing to do whatever it is you're asking your people to do.  2. Solicit negative feedback often and then take steps to act on it.  If you don't act on it explain your reasons.  Make sure they're good reasons.  3. Deflect credit at every opportunity.  4. Hold people accountable.  Being nice to an employee who's not doing their work or doing it poorly is simultaneously being an asshole to the employees who are.  The compassionate thing is to make a quick, decisive break with incompetent or lazy people.  -Also, being wishy washy is incredibly expensive.  My largest mistake early on was not being able to say ""you're incompetent at this job and you're fired.""  Instead I gave a wishy washy ""we don't really need you anymore"" and they filed unemployment falsely.  It ended up increasing my unemployment insurance and thereby raised my payroll by 3% indefinitely."
At least you did it right.  The earliest lesson I had with this concept was from a friend who got hired for a summer to put page numbers in pdf documents (this would've been back when formatting pdf docs was still classified under Magic).  She unfortunately like many of us stupid kids thought the world was a nice place. She just auto-formatted the page numbers in and then taught others how to do it...  Big mistake as she got terminated shortly after with the job finished.
"Their high savings isn't why they have to export capital, the issue is that domestic depositors don't have access to the sky-high interest rates over the last 2 decades in China. There is definitely correlation between asset levels and debt.  I miss-typed in my previous post. I meant to say that the amount of debt is overstated, precicesly because wealth is high relative to income due to the high savings rate.  Ultimately, there isn't a good answer yet to your question. The seminal work (which has received many updates in the last 6 years) that first attempted to understand the disconnect between the ultra-high interest rate in China and the high levels of capital exports is called ""Growing Like China,"" by Song, Storesletten, and Zilibotti published in the American Economic Review in 2011.  Global debt according to the IIF is 327% of GDP. So China is actually a little below average in terms of total debt to GDP. And when you're growing at 5%+ a year, it is okay to lever up a little bit.   On top of all of this, the Chinese government is well aware of these issues and will almost certainly make some comments October 18th and over the next week about constraining debt growth.  This is all complicating the issue though, when you have a huge supply of money to lend, interest rates fall and companies take on more debt. So in general you would expect savings and debt levels to move together."
Thats a LOT of assertions without data to back it up. How would you know that the jobs they get pay less? How would you know  that this happens with enough prevalence to pull the average down?  You're just backing your arguments up with thin air.   At least the author is using some data to back up his conclusions. It may have some other nuances, but I doubt he is outright wrong, unlike you.
If you know you will have a big bill, like braces. and you fully expect to hit the deductible then it can make sense. The deductible can trip some people up, because if they put too much into the limited purpose FSA and don't hit the deductible for the regular insurance policy, they can't get to all the money in the FSA. Because you have the ability to spend the potential money in the FSA before all the money has been contributed, it can allow you to make that payment for the braces in January. I did this the first year we had the HSA. I knew I needed to pay a dental bill early in the year. But the HSA would only have a few hundred dollars at that time, so I used the limited purpose FSA to be able to make that payment. This could also work if you spent a lot of money in the previous year. Because you have the ability to adjust how much money goes into the HSA each each pay period, this idea does keep the option open to fully fund the HSA if your finances improve. Regarding the deductible.  The law limits what you can use the limited purpose FSA for: dental and vision only. There is an exception. If you hit the deductible for the high deductible insurance policy, then you can use the funds in the limited purpose FSA for ANY medical reason.  When I did this a few years ago, I needed to send extensive paperwork to the company holding the funds before they would release the funds for dental. Once I sent them proof that I had met the deductible, then any medical expense after that date could use the FSA with minimal paperwork. If you fully fund the FSA beyond the cost of the braces, and then have a light year medical expense wise, you might not be able to spend all money in the FSA by the deadline. Regarding state taxes.  I saw no difference in my states (Virginia) treatment of the funds. The state taxable income number was exactly the same as the federal taxable income number. It did not treat the money in the FSA differently than the money in the HSA.
There are a sizable chunk of left handers in the world and often, left handers face difficulty in using normal scissors. As such, many left hand scissors are manufactured to cater to the needs of left handed persons. Often hair stylists who use the right handed scissors face a problem in doing the hair cut.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.vox.com/identities/2017/7/7/15929196/police-fines-study-racism) reduced by 92%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Using data from more than 9,000 cities, the researchers first found that cities with larger black populations rely more on fines and court fees to raise revenue.  &gt; The average collection was about $8 per person for all cities that get at least some revenue from fines and fees, but that rose to as much as $20 per person in the cities with the highest black populations.  &gt; One possibility is that black politicians are more receptive to black voters&amp;#039; concerns, so they&amp;#039;ll often hear complaints about fines from their black constituents and tell the local police department to stop exploitative practices.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6npjp1/one_of_the_most_extensive_studies_of_its_kind/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~168330 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **black**^#1 **police**^#2 **city**^#3 **more**^#4 **study**^#5"
If it has anything to do with the US, the US has to be the worst.      It's like an experience my friend had in the mid-nineties where some emo douche who overheard our conversation about his coming to the US berated him for claiming that life in the Ukrainian SSR was much worse than life in the US and that he was either stupid or blind for not recognizing that reality.      Said emo douche got a punch in the face from my friend.
&gt; An additional problem, according to the head of an industry group, is that jewelry sellers have lost a deeper connection with their customers. &gt;“The industry has become so impersonal in many ways. We’ve lost the emotion,” Jean-Marc Lieberherr, CEO of the Diamond Producers Association,  points to retailers’ efforts to focus shopper attention on certificates that verify a diamond’s quality -- perhaps only slightly more romantic than a low-risk mutual fund.
People could acquire dependent on any point-any game, any sort of nourishment example, any kind of recreation action or considering. In any case, dependence on smoking with glass pipe art is every now and again alluded to as one of the terrible undertakings around the world. Since smoking is essentially seen as taking in the vapor of tobacco, that has been clinically affirmed to be hurtful to wellbeing, smokers are generally prescribed to surrender smoking. Underneath I am not going to support the smoking propensity.
As the article says, selling warranties &amp; one on one tutorials is a benchmark for individual sales ability.  I don't know about Prada, but yes - many upscale department stores do still offer commission. And just about *every* store has something to upsell you on.  I don't mean to debate the merits of a commission-based sales system; I'm just pointing out that the competition (Sprint/Verizon) use one. And pay better as a result.
"It all depends on your loan contract, and the way most are written, the 10 day thing will not help.  However, assuming that the contract is written in such a way to allow this, the difference will be negligible. By ""saving money"" I assume you mean the amount of interest paid.   There is really two ways of doing this.  If you carry the loan to term paying the indicated amount on the due date you will pay $6,140 in interest.  An increase of over 33% to the cost of the car.  Yikes, that is a lot of money.   You should seek to minimize your interest expense.   One way to do this is to reduce your rate.  Applying for a new loan that is at a more reasonable 6% and continuing to pay the ~285 per month will reduce the term to 59 months and only cost you $2,245 in interest.  A large savings.   Even better is to work a second job and earn an extra 1,000 per month.  Then bundle it with your 285 payment and shoot that at the loan.  This way you will only pay $965 in interest, and have it paid off in a year.  Once you do that, you can stick $300/month or so in a savings account or other investment and pay for every other car in cash.  Making choices like these leads to building wealth.  So the question becomes do you want to spend the rest of your life on the hamster wheel of car payments, or do you want to spend one year in pain so you make smart choices in the future?  The choice is yours."
"&gt; What about single earner families trying to support 1 or 2 children on minimum wage?  What about single earner families trying to afford a new corvette on minimum wage?  &gt;Besides the obvious, ""probably should be having children if you can't afford a roof over their head"" part.  Nope, that's it."
A $250K earner might have $4M in retirement savings and $500K in available funds, but doesn't wish to spend all his liquidity on the house. In general, a house might cost 2-3 times one's annual income. It would take many years to get that saved up. They might want to have the house sooner.  It all goes back to choice, priorities, personal preference.
Not to mention that he probably worked more overtime than anyone here has ever pulled, lives in a city where the cost of living means that he's only doing sort of well, has to deal with the shitty New York weather, and has people's lives in his hand.
If businesses cannot turn a profit while paying for a healthy minimum wage, they are bad for the economy and deserve to die. Wages are a business expense and must be allowed to react to the factors that naturally shift that expense. Subsidizing businesses by keeping wages low hurts the economy in the long run by reducing the ability people have to buy goods and services. Labor is not the only cost a business incurs, and increasing wages does not correlate to a 1:1 price increase.
"I was told by the lawyers there was no tax consequence because the two   numbers were the same. That is correct. However, a tax professional tells me that since the start-up stock was   ""realized"" there invokes a taxable event now. That is correct. I'm now led to believe I owe cap-gains tax on the entire 4 year vest   this year That is incorrect. You owe capital gains tax on the sale of your startup stock. Which is accidentally the exact same amount you ""paid"" for the new unvested stocks. There's no taxable event with regards to the new stocks because the amount you paid for them was the amount you got for the old stocks. But you did sell the old stocks, and that is a taxable event."
Minneapolis is totally underrated, I agree. One of the more surprisingly cool US cities imo.   I had a similar experience the first time I went to Pittsburgh too, not long ago. I spent the whole week talking myself out of impulsively just moving there. Did not expect that at all.   I guess neither were necessarily 'underrated' per se – more like under-acknowledged for their coolness.
"&gt; Though high maintenance is awesome      ""Though"" is an insult to High Maintenance here. Disjointed is a pathetic excuse for a ""millennial weed"" sitcom with a goddamn laugh track. High Maintenance is a modern miniseries that explores interesting tropes in New York City - and obviously, as a self-respecting show, with no laugh track. The two aren't even on the same plane. HBO wins here."
Because you have maxed your 2011 contribution, you can't add any more for 2011. If you have 2012 income you can make a contribution anytime between now and April 2013. Only you can determine if this makes sense for you, but there doesn't appear to be any reasons to suspect you can't do this. (this was based on your comments to the original question)
If you know what you are doing, bear markets offer fantastic trading opportunities. I'm a futures and futures options trader, and am equally comfortable trading long or short, although I have a slight preference for the short side, in that moves are typically much quicker to the down side.
Consider the following scenario at a small business: As a business owner I have 10k in the bank at the moment. I have a one time expense of 4k that will not directly impact the growth of my business. I can choose to pay the 4k out of the 10 in the bank and then put the rest towards business growth. Assuming a 10% annual return on capital at the end of this transaction I am left with $6,600. Now if instead I chose to pay the 4k with a business credit card I have that only carries a 7.9% interest rate what would happen is that I incur a 4k balance that I have to pay off in a year and put 10k towards my business. Now, this is a simplified case that does not take into account the effective interest on the card and the minimum monthly payments. That being said, what happens in the end of the year is that I owe $4316 to my credit card but I now have 11k  in the bank, due to business growth. That leaves me with $6,684 after a year's worth of operations, which is better than my original $6,600. This is a small scale scenario though, but the basic idea is that if you can put the money towards growth that is better than the interest you are paying to the card, you win. The risks of course include missing a payment and incurring a penalty, not being able to grow your money at the rate you thought, and so on. Hope this explains things a bit.
I converted my downstairs of my house to a suite with an eye to AirBNBing.  But I also make money renting it out (I live in a resort town with ridiculously high rents).  So far, I haven't tried AirBNB because renting it out on yearly contracts seems like less total effort and I make 1100 gross per month (net is probably closer to ~800)  I have no idea if I could make more on AirBNB.  Maybe one of these years I'll try it for a few months.
This is at the bottom of my list of concerns, as both an employee and an employee.  When hiring, its because I have work that needs to be done.  I want to get someone in as quickly as possible, so I really don't care about holidays.  Holiday pay also doesn't come out of my budget, so that doesn't enter in the decision. As a employee, if I'm unemployed I want to start as soon as possible.  If switching jobs, I'm going to get paid for the holiday at one job or another, so it really doesn't matter.  The last time I changed employers, I started the second week of January.  That was more driven by moving concerns than anything else.
Check out some common portfolios compared: Note that all these portfolios are loosely based on Modern Portfolio Theory, a theory of how to maximize reward given a risk tolerance introduced by Harry Markowitz. The theory behind the Gone Fishin' Portfolio and the Couch Potato Portfolio (more info) is that you can make money by rebalancing once a year or less.  You can take a look at 8 Lazy ETF Portfolios to see other lazy allocation percentages. One big thing to remember - the expense ratio of the funds you invest in is a major contributor to the return you get.  If they're taking 1% of all of your gains, you're not.  If they're only taking .2%, that's an automatic .8% you get.  The reason Vanguard is so often used in these model portfolios is that they have the lowest expense ratios around.  If you are talking about an IRA or a mutual fund account where you get to choose who you go with (as opposed to a 401K with company match), conventional wisdom says go with Vanguard for the lowest expense ratios.
The initial beneficiary of 529 plan can be virtually anyone you choose--even yourself.   529 deductions are not deductible from federal taxes.  You have about a 60% chance of living in a state that allows you to deduct contributions to your state's plan from your state taxes.   I'd be more specific, but your profile is pretty much empty and there's no location info to assist me in determining if this applies to you or not. if that does apply I'm pretty sure it's limited to earned income, so you get little benefit from depositing the loans, and it generally only applies to YOUR state's plan. The major benefits to 529 plans are that the money grows tax free, and withdrawals are not subject to taxes.  However if you are not investing long term, then it's pretty hard to gain much from those benefits. Since you have such a short time horizon, you'll want to make sure the plan investments are directed to very low risk vehicles like a money market fund. One of the better sources for 528 info is www.savingforcollege.com
Sorry, you're in /r/business. Please refrain from corking the pitchforks - these important folks have got the whole world figured out already, and coincidentally it all coincides with what they already believed to be true.  Everything is the fault of global financial crises and hysterical predictions about the future are key to our very survival as a society. Nothing could possibly be due to simple, inane market forces.
"True!   And I assume that by ""attitude"" you mean ""bad attitude"".  So, yes, bad attitudes, also back stabbing, stepping on others, flattering and ass-licking of thos higher, ""social skills"", in many cases (not all) is more important than skills and talent."
Sorry for misunderstanding, but your point still isn't realistic. The government can't afford massive amounts of cash, unadulterated or otherwise. The idea that we can print money out and just pass it out like candy has caused so many problems right now it is unfathomable. A better solution is to just fix the economy so kids can get good paying jobs and pay their loans back. We can't afford these kinds of freebies, we've just been living like we can.
I don't think there's a conclusive answer to your question, but I have a real world example for you.   I was in a similar situation for almost 6 years (I was the friend, but also the one with the highest pay). I rented a house, my name on everything. I made a separate contract with both my friend and his GF and they both rented a room from me. I looked up the total m2 of the house and divided the rent by that number. Multiplied by room sizes I knew what everyone had to pay for their personal space, I simply divided the rest by 3 to find the remainder of everyone's rent.   I don't know the numbers anymore, but here's an example: house = 150 m2 room 1 = 10 m2 room 2 = 15 m2 room 3 = 25 m2 shared space = 100 m2 rent = 800,-   This gives 5.33 per m2 The shared space is worth 533.33 Divided by 3 is 177.77, So the total rent for each room is: room 1 = 10*5.33 + 177.77 ≈ 231 room 2 = 15*5.33 + 177.77 ≈ 258 room 3 = 25*5.33 + 177.77 ≈ 311   We divided the rest of the costs (gas, power, water, etc...) evenly. This was fair in our case, because the rent was directly tied to the size of the rooms. The only thing we had left to do was give the poorest person the smallest room.
Step one: come off as a real-life Tony Stark, inspire the world to change for the better whilst also supplying the whole country/world with your vehicles. Step two: when it's time for Elon, lock down all vehicles so we're all sitting ducks.
"Zimbabwe is in its current state because they did not respect the property rights of the wealthy farmers and redistributed farm lands to poor people who did not know how to manage it. They literally went from the bread basket of Africa to needing 100 trillion ""dollars"" to purchase a loaf of bread."
You can either get the right door knob for your home or consult glass door accessories manufacturers to get the best suitable knob for your door. Door knobs are not the type of products you buy from the market as a gift, so you have to ensure about the selection of the door knob for your home
Bad concept. American sprawl is still part of the landscape and until we start seeing mass migration back to dense urban living scapes bigger cars will prevail.  It's not so bad when you can buy a Honda Accord sedan that gets 40+ mpg....I so badly want revolution but the fact is transition will take longer than anyone really imagines.
In my opinion, I would: If the income is from this year, you can tax shelter $59,000 plus somewhere between $50,000 and $300,000 depending on age, in a 401(k) and defined benefit plan. This will take care of the current tax burden. Afterwards, set aside your remaining tax liability in cash. The after-tax money should be split into cash and the rest into assets. The split depends on your level of risk tolerance. Build a core portfolio using highly liquid and non-correlated ETFs (think SPY, TLT, QQQ, ect.). Once these core positions are locked in. Start lowering your basis by systematically selling a 1 standard deviation call in the ETF per 100 units of underlying. This will reduce your upside, extend your breakeven, and often yield steady income. Similarly, you can sell 1 standard deviation iron condors should the VIX be high enough. Point is, you have the money to deploy a professional-type, systematic strategy that is non-correlated, and income generating.
The Securities Investor Protection Corporation is roughly analogous to the FDIC for investments.  There are some important differences like a lack of 100% guarantee you get all of your funds back. The SIPC understands you invested knowing there was some risk, and therefore you take that same risk in getting your money from a failed brokerage.  However there is still a level of commitment and trust that lessen the risk of investing in the wrong place. Also, do not typo the acronym at your work computer.  In the US (and perhaps elsewhere) it is a racist term, and you are likely to get some bad search results. http://www.sipc.org/how/brochure.cfm
"Even worse: many more times, companies will go through an $8 million project to fix an ""issue"" that costs $20.  Just 2 examples from my company:   1. A big project to automate the entry of 2 invoices per month from a supplier. Is would take an employee less than 10 minutes a month to enter those 2 invoices manually into the system.  2. A big project to provide a website for employees to buy the company's products (""employee sales""). I showed that on average, less than 1 order is placed per day, except December when the company has extra discounts, and then there are 3 sales a day. My solution: offer a coupon for employees to buy the same products on the existing B2C site.  P/S: Yes, I did the 1st project. Why would I complain and point out the obvious? Those silly projects are more than a job security for me. I would probably even get a prize for ""job well done!""."
**Defaulted to one day.**  I will be messaging you on [**2017-08-26 06:42:26 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2017-08-26 06:42:26 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of [**this link.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6vsy66/amazon_will_lower_whole_foods_prices_right_away/dm3l9b2)  [**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6vsy66/amazon_will_lower_whole_foods_prices_right_away/dm3l9b2]%0A%0ARemindMe! ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete Comment&amp;message=Delete! dm3l9h0)  _____  |[^(FAQs)](http://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/)|[^(Custom)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[LINK INSIDE SQUARE BRACKETS else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add the time options after the command.%0A%0ARemindMe!)|[^(Your Reminders)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List Of Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders!)|[^(Feedback)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&amp;subject=Feedback)|[^(Code)](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)|[^(Browser Extensions)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions/) |-|-|-|-|-|-|
I like how you ignore the larger point that Obama has no business experience and that is what we need most at this time.  Romney isn't perfect by far but a much better choice than another 4 years of this shit.
What is the question?  A total return fund seeks to just maximize total returns, as opposed to benchmark tracking, low vol, high vol, sectoral, whatever, this is just a name you gotta read the long prospectus to see how they are supposed to go about doing it.  Fixed income investing DOES NOT rely on on interest rates, it relies on the movements of interest rates (this is a key difference).  When economies are doing poorly, there is a flight to quality (everyone is scared and lends only to governments) driving government interest rate downs and increasing the spread between government rates and corporates.  My usual advice is There is never a good time to buy a mutual fund :P, better to buy an ETF or a portfolio of ETF's that correspond to your views.  You need to sit down and ask yourself what type of risk tolerances you're willing to take as mutual funds by construction deliver negative alpha due to fees.
"Two types of people: (1) Suckers (2) People who feel that investment advisors/brokers make too little money and want to help out by paying insane commissions. Think I'm kidding. Check out this article: ""Variable Annuity Pros and Cons"" Seriously, for 99% of us, they are a raw deal for everyone except the person selling them."
Unfortunately I live in a second tier city with Comcast as the sole option. When I used to live in D.C. and Chicago there were multiple choices (AT&amp;T U-Verse, VZW Fios).  Even still, I dropped Comcast for DirecTV + DSL. There is a slight difference in speed at the top end, but I have not had any issues with streaming TV or Movies or Xbox online.
&gt; You realize that the postal union was in favor of this, right?  I don't think that's true.  From: https://www.google.com/amp/www.cnbc.com/amp/id/45018432  &gt; The Postal unions are urging Congress to allow the Postal Service to stop making these prefunding payments.  What am I missing?
Interesting read..  But to answer the question..  &gt; Why do you think people are poor?  It's because they are held under a glass ceiling.  Welfare doesn't keep them alive, it keeps them content.  It robs them of motivation and breeds communities of poor families that will stay poor for generations.
It's telling how Taibbi uses numbers like $3.7 trillion (which is the size of the bond market) instead of the size of municipal bonds, which is where the fraud took place (even by Taibbi's own admission), a market totaling $800 billion over years 2007-2008.  He consistently chooses numbers to make his stories seem much more egregious than reality. Reading the actual case PDFs shows a much smaller, less well orchestrated fraud than Taibbi's pablum.
Always a good time to buy gold. Think less in terms of commodities, more in terms of true money that can not be inflated out of existence. Buy it as cheap as you can, hold it for as long as possible. The historical graphs never lie and it proves time and time again its a good store of value. I would never think of it in terms of a speculative bet though. If it does reward you, its because the global currency system is broken. I think its broken, it may reward you. But never expect it to reward you. In the short term (2-3 years), the gold price can be manipulated. In the long term (10 years) less so.
RICO charges merely need evidence of a conspiracy from the higher-ups to direct illegal actions to the lower ones.   &gt;The RICO Act focuses specifically on racketeering, and it allows for the leaders of a syndicate to be tried for the crimes which they ordered others to do or assisted them, closing a perceived loophole that allowed someone who told a man to, for example, murder, to be exempt from the trial because they did not actually do it.  I'm waiting for a direction document with Jamie Dimon's signature and a attorney general with a set of balls.
If interest rates are negative, a 0% load might still be profitable.
A board authorizes the repurchase of shares because they feel the stock in undervalued. The hope is that the stocks will rise either directly by their repurchase, or in the near term due to the realization that the company is in better shape then the market thought. Eventually those shares will be resold back into the market thus bring in more cash at a later date.  They will set limits on them maximum they will pay, they will also spread the repurchases out over a time period so they don't overwhelm the market.
I think you're looking a step beyond the question being asked. This is a pretty simple accounting question that doesn't take into account any other activity, like earnings generated during the time period by the employee being paid. It's far more simple. Unpaid wages accrue to liabilities, assets remain constant because no cash leaves the door, this equity decreases equal to the change in liability. He's not deferring an expense, he accrued it at the time the work was done, he simply hasn't paid it. That's not the same as a DTA.
"From the Social Security site,  In the case of early retirement, a benefit is reduced 5/9 of one   percent for each month before normal retirement age, up to 36 months.   If the number of months exceeds 36, then the benefit is further   reduced 5/12 of one percent per month. And for a delay past normal retirement age, there's an 8% per year increase in benefit for each year you delay.  I believe the ""return it all"" option was discontinued.  There's far too little information in your question for anyone to give a comprehensive answer. In general, one needs to look at a number of variables including their taxable income with and without the social security benefit as well as their health to determine the optimal SS start date."
"For practical purposes, I would strongly suggest that you do create a separate account for each business you may have that is used only for business purposes, and use it for all of your business income and expenses. This will allow you to get an accurate picture of whether you are making money or not, what your full expenses really are, how much of your personal money you have put into the business, and is an easy way to keep business taxes separate. You will also be able to get a fairly quick read on what your profits are without doing much accounting by looking at the account balance less future taxes and expenses, and less any personal money you've put into the account. Check out this thread from Paypal about setting up a ""child"" account that is linked to your personal account and can be set up to autosweep payments into your main account, should you like. You will still be able to see transactions for each child account. NOTE: Do be careful to make sure you are reserving the proper amount out of any profits your startup may have for taxes - you don't want to mix this with personal money and then later find out that you owe taxes and have to scramble to come up with the money if you have already spent it This is one of the main reasons to segregate your startup's revenues and profits in the business account. For those using ""brick and mortar"" banking services rather than a service like Paypal: You likely do not need a business checking account if you are a startup. Most likely, you can simply open a second personal account with your bank in your name, and name it ""John Doe DBA Company Name"" (DBA = Doing Business As). This way, you can pay expenses and accept payments in the name of your startup. Check with your banker for additional details (localized information)."
LC WebPros provide the best service of videography and photography in Gainesville. We have the best professional Videographers know they need good shots of the main events. If you want to best wedding photography gainesville fl, then we are the best platform for you. Make an album through our photographer your groom and guests will see he is there and there will be camera lights, but he won't really be distracting or obtrusive.
A website is the front page of your services. people usually tend to visit your website first before viewing your youtube uploads. So to answer your question yes it is important to have an updated website which has a blog attached but it does not have to be too fancy. A simple business site is all that is required.
Can't beat his [advice for anyone planning on taking the CFA exam for no real reason](http://dealbreaker.com/2011/12/advice-for-anyone-else-planning-to-take-the-cfa-exam-for-no-real-reason/), which has such gems as:   &gt; The thought process that leads you to wear your oversize CORNELL BIG RED sweatshirt to the exam is probably the wrong thought process. *Your Tiger Inn sweatshirt is worse.* If your goal is to intimidate the people around you, just do what I did: leave the morning session an hour early and come back visibly drunk for the afternoon.  I mean the fact that he passed after only studying for a week shows he probably knows what he's talking about.
"I'm looking for you to use something more credible to back up your assertions.  &gt;The increased use of tasers among police who actually have tasers?   As opposed to them potentially having to use firearms in those situations because there's no better alternative to stop a dangerous person from harming themselves or others?  I'm sure that some officers user tazers as an easy solution, but if you insist that this is always the case then you're patently wrong.   &gt;The increased use of SWAT teams by police forces with SWAT teams?    As opposed to the increase use of SWAT teams due to more situations requiring such level of armed response?  ""Causation does not imply correlation"", or so you should know if you've been on reddit for a year.    The slippery slope is your implication that any improvements in police response capabilities somehow automatically lend themselves to overuse and, thereby, abuse.  Give the police a less-than-lethal way of dealing with a threat? Clearly they're going to start tazering everyone's grandma.  Give the police better ways of dealing with dangerous criminals who arm themselves better than some militaries?  Almost certainly the police are going to use this gear for routine traffic stops.  Reading your naive perception of the world makes me concerned that you may think yourself actually fit to vote."
Now, keep in mind I'm biased because I'm an engineer at this company, but FutureAdvisor.com provides advice on your savings and investments.  We currently help users optimize their portfolios for retirement savings, but plan on rolling our more savings goals in the future.
Fast Forward 40 - 45 years, you're 70.5. You must take out ~5% from your Traditional IRA. If that was a Roth, you take out as much as you need (within reason) when you need it with zero tax consequences. I don't know (and don't care) whether they'll change the Roth tax exclusion in 40 years. It's almost guaranteed that the rate on the Roth will be less than the regular income status of a Traditional IRA. Most likely we'll have a value added tax (sales tax) then. Possibly even a Wealth Tax. The former doesn't care where the money comes from (source neutral) the latter means you loose more (probably) of that 2.2 MM than the 1.7. Finally, if you're planning on 10%/yr over 40 yrs, good luck! But that's crazy wild speculation and you're likely to be disappointed. If you're that good at picking winners, then why stop at 10%? Money makes money. Your rate of return should increase as your net worth increases. So, you should be able to pick better opportunities with 2.2 million than with a paltry 1.65 MM.
A lot of modern pharmaceuticals are derived from coal tar.  There are lots of ways to make aspirin as you can see [here](http://www.madehow.com/Volume-1/Aspirin.html) , but it was originally produced from a coal tar derivative which you can read about [here](https://skeptoid.com/blog/2014/05/22/the-mythology-of-asprin/) .  For a more scholarly scholarly source regarding aspirin and coal tar I would suggest [this](https://www.amazon.com/German-Genius-Renaissance-Scientific-Revolution/dp/0060760230) fascinating book.  Aspirin does not come from willow bark, although a similar and less effective drug is found there.
"Hey guys I have a quick question about a financial accounting problem although I think it's not really an ""accounting"" problem but just a bond problem.  Here it goes    GSB Corporation issued semiannual coupon bonds with a face value of $110,000 several years ago. The annual coupon rate is 8%, with two coupons due each year, six months apart. The historical market interest rate was 10% compounded semiannually when GSB Corporation issued the bonds, equal to an effective interest rate of 10.25% [= (1.05 × 1.05) – 1]. GSB Corporation accounts for these bonds using amortized cost measurement based on the historical market interest rate. The current market interest rate at the beginning of the current year on these bonds was 6% compounded semiannually, for an effective interest rate of 6.09% [= (1.03 × 1.03) – 1]. The market interest rate remained at this level throughout the current year. The bonds had a book value of $100,000 at the beginning of the current year. When the firm made the payment at the end of the first six months of the current year, the accountant debited a liability for the exact amount of cash paid. Compute the amount of interest expense on these bonds for the last six months of the life of the bonds, assuming all bonds remain outstanding until the retirement date.  My question is why would they give me the effective interest rate for both the historical and current rate?  The problem states that the firm accounts for the bond using historical interest which is 10% semiannual and the coupon payments are 4400 twice per year.  I was just wondering if I should just do the (Beginning Balance (which is 100000 in this case) x 1.05)-4400=Ending Balance so on and so forth until I get to the 110000 maturity value. I got an answer of 5474.97 and was wondering if that's the correct approach or not."
Summarized article: On Friday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped almost 275 points and wiped out the last of the index's gains for the year.   Friday's massive selloff was triggered by a dismal US jobs report and data indicating a European and Chinese economic slowdown. Friday was the worst day of the year for the market.   Worried investors moved cash to the US Treasury bond market which also dragged the yield to a record low.   Some analysts believe the panic in the market may cause the Federal Reserve to plan for additional stimulus.   Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke is scheduled to speak next week.   *For more summarized news, subscribe to the [/r/SkimThat](http://www.reddit.com/r/SkimThat) subreddit*
"&gt;millenials will all of a sudden start making a **shitload of money** in 10-20 years.  Somebody has to empty the bedpans of (not to mention ""wipe the arses"" &amp; give sponge-baths to) the bed-ridden nursing home &amp; hospitalized Baby Boomers.  Just make certain you charge enough (and only accept ""tips"" in the form of cash -- like $100 bill for a *good* sponge bath, or a thorough ""wipe"").  That way it really COULD be a ""shitload"" of money. (Because what goes in must come out... and what goes around comes around, and all that.)  ;-)  ---  &gt;Many will be stuck in menial jobs their entire lives, simply because noone would ever give them the experience needed.  Yes, but ""menial jobs"" does not necessarily mean ""low paying"".  Ask your garbage man (or your plumber, if he'll bother to give you the time of day to ask the question that is).    When just about EVERYONE wants to be a college professor, and NO ONE wants to collect garbage; guess which one will make better money?  Someone has to collect all the garbage those college professors generate (and if that someone is ""rare"" then he can charge those professors a lot).  Its all about supply vs demand."
"Admiral Share class comes with a low expense but higher minimum investment amount. Think of it as a wholesale deal. From Vanguard's website - Admiral™ Shares are a separate share class of Vanguard mutual funds that were created to pass along the savings that result from larger accounts to the investors who own them. Regarding the minimum investment amount, if you look at other prime money market fund and the corresponding ""wholesale"" version (different institutions use different names: Admiral Shares, Capital Class, Institutional Class etc.), you will see some with even bigger differences. For example, FIPXX requires $10mil."
"Plus one to Alexandre for pointing out this is possible.  It is also possible to run with scissors, and I would recommend neither.   Your money problems are very small and doing something so dramatic to solve them will probably put you in a worse financial decision.  Why would you put your home, at risk, to pay off such a small amount (less than 5K)?  The ""one payment"" or consolidation mantra, for a person like you, will often lead a person into reoccurring the same debt and having the consolidation loan.  You don't need one payment you need no payments. First off stop borrowing. Second increase your income by working more or selling stuff.  You might want to clean some houses, baby sit, or mow some lawns instead of the traditional job. Third decrease your spending.  Let your loved ones know it will be a lean Christmas this year.  Cut cable as you won't have time to watch TV anyway. If you do all that could you find $1000 per month?    I bet you could find more.  Doing all that and you will be done in 5 months and still own your home outright.   You are a great candidate to pay off your bills by the snowball method, or smallest to largest.  While it may not be, on paper, the most mathematically efficient it helps people with motivation and hope.  It sounds like you could use that.  List your bills smallest to largest and pay off the smallest first while paying minimums on the rest.   You can do it!"
There are two solid years of Gen ed classes you can take. I do recommend taking them first for lots of reasons. Your major specific classes will mostly be upper level, and you will benefit from taking classes in a similar order as their class codes indicate they are meant to be taken (100's first, then 200's so on) at least roughly. You aren't going to get to any finance classes for a while anyway, as I can pretty much guarantee you are going to need macro and micro econ and two accounting classes before you can even take a basic finance class. So don't worry so much about your major right now.
"That money has to come from profits? Tell the fed, because they're focusing on lending &amp; interest rates!  You can't look at one part of the equation and claim the totality of a solution has to come from it.  And you need to model for an *optimal* rate of taxation. Just saying ""lower taxes are better"" implies your ideal rate is zero. If that's the case, state it and I'll debate that claim in it's merits."
Here in Denver, the local Kroger chain went into grocery pickup in a big way about 18 months ago. They carved off part of the retail space at the front of select stores and installed coolers &amp; storage lockers for holding orders placed online, and also grabbed a couple of close-in parking spots and put in hard-wired call boxes on yellow stanchions so people could drive up and announce they were ready to have someone wheel out their groceries. About three months ago they quietly removed all the visible equipment, although I think the storage areas remain. I'm just not sure how profitable it was for them.
+1 for using the time constructively.  Anyone who sits around doing nothing, and waiting for someone to tell them what to do is not going very far in the world.    Not a comment on the OP, as I don't know if he sits around doing nothing, or spends all the time doing really boring work.  The latter sucks, and all I can suggest for that is either quit or be the best at the job that you can (but not so good that they don't want anyone else to do it).
"&gt; Why would he have had to have known about Sony's patent application. He explicitly stated he didn't know about it until after it was awarded.  As I noted the whole timeline simply DOESN'T match up with reality (*at all, no matter HOW desperately one contorts the timeline into trying to make it ""plausible""*).  I think he has not only (at the least) dramatically ""rewritten"" his own memory, and ""embellished"" the story... but that most probably he was entirely mistaken as to what actually happened in the first place.  Again, at best (and even this is a a rather dubious contortionist stretch), I think ""Junior"" *maybe* came up with a crude (almost crayon like) drawing of the ""germ"" of an idea relative to CRT's after reading some ""pop-science"" article about CRT's... and then ""Daddy"" (who was apparently a Wall Street Lawyer) indulged his son by having a patent attorney look at it, and then came back and told junior some cock &amp; bull story about having been ""beaten"" to the patent.  And it probably didn't go any further than that... other than in the fervent imagination of a teenager.  Who then repeated the story... and slowly modified (and later embellished) it as the years went on.  &gt;how many kids his age do you think were even coming up with crappy, unoriginal TV designs, and how many of those went on to become marketing guys?  LOL.  Go to any sizeable bar and talk to a number of people; ask them if they ever had an ""idea"" that was later patented and became a ""big time"" thing -- you'll end up with HUNDREDS of similar ""well I had this idea once for _____"" stories, and a lot of them will come from when they were teens or twenty-somethings... very few of them have even a tiny kernel of ""truth"".  Now granted most of them will NOT talk about having ""applied for a patent"" -- but than again, most of them didn't have an indulgent father who was a well-connected Lawyer either.  &gt;He could reason and understand about technology, its potential, and its impact in a way that a lot of CEO's at the time couldn't.  Actually, all of the evidence is that he was essentially CLUELESS about even rather basic technology -- in the extreme.  As the Apple CEO, he was a ""fish out of water"" -- but, given that the advertising &amp; PR people had already (once) done the ""let's dress up our CEO as a 'technical wunderkind visionary"" (with Jobs) -- they simply did their best to repeat the same thing (with even *less* basis in reality) with Sculley.  And of course subsequently -- he's been coasting on (and trying to capitalize on) that bullshit ever since.  He probably should have just gone back to the beverage &amp; advertising world; but by then I think he had begun to *believe* his own PR myth, and his ego just wouldn't allow for admitting the truth."
"recently there has been an increase in Companies charging a Credit Card surcharge, the current law does not fix the amount so therefore company's can set there own surcharges, which means you can pay different surcharges at different places. In the ""Money"" magazine a couple of months ago there was an interesting article that discussed a possible cap that was going to be introduced to cut down on the fluctuations of Credit Card surcharges as some places are generating revenue by abusing the Credit Card surcharge. Something to keep in mind is to ensure when using a Debit card you are not charged the surcharge. some businesses will treat the Debit card the same as a Credit Card."
Could you not just say that you had bought it when it was pennies on the dollar and made the millions that way? There isn't much of a transaction record, is there? I also just realized that I don't understand how taxes work in that situation. If you have a different currency from the U.S. Dollar, and it increases in value greatly, do you have to pay tax on that increased value relative to the U.S. dollar? They don't when it's minimal increases.
Hey iDade  I work for a bulge bracket firm on a top 10 institutional consulting team in the United States, before I go in depth on anything, I would like to know what exactly you do not fully understand in this list. I do not want to offend you by going into basics, but I also do not want to give you information you already are comfortable with.
Okay...yes. However, it's the same issue. Who's going to start offering options first? Who is that person going to be? How are they going to get a hold of the stock? They're going to have to buy it first. That takes us back to the original problem.
"I'd say there's technical leadership - ""that guy really knows his s**t and we don't have time to learn the details ourselves, so we'll go with his recommendations"" - and there's psychological leadership - ""this is the direction we want to move in, and he's the guy who can convince everyone else to move in that direction"".  You could breakdown the psychological side into additional functions as well, for example, the ability to convince everyone to go in a certain direction is not always the same as the ability to ensure that all parties involved feel cared for and happy.  I don't have any particular recommendations though. Some of these and their related tags might interest you:  https://twitter.com/lollydaskal  https://twitter.com/hashtag/orgdesign  https://twitter.com/hashtag/employeeexperience  https://twitter.com/white_owly"
I can't speak to Schweser as I've never heard of it but CFAL1 does exactly what you're looking for.  The study prep I recommended has a guy that does a video overview for each topic and he's quite good
Not sure how this has got this far with no obvious discussion about the huge tax advantages of share buy backs vs dividend paying.  Companies face a very simple choice with excess capital - pay to shareholders in the form of a taxable dividend, invest in future growth where they expect to make more than $1 for every $1 invested, or buy back the equivalent amount of stock on the market, thus concentrating the value of each share the equivalent amount with no tax issues. Of these, dividends are often by far the worst choice. Virtually all sane shareholders would just rather the company put the capital to work or concentrate the value of their shares by taking many off the market rather than paying a taxable dividend.
"It could be simple as far as who gets what accounts after the initial assignments go. So, for this example let's look at:  Employee A - 5 accounts worth 15 million *FLAGGED FOR FULL*  Employee B - 1 account worth 75 million   Employee C - 3 accounts worth 50 million  Employees have the ability to decide if they do not want anymore accounts, or if they can take on more. That's pretty much what happens now. ""Hey can you handle one more account?"" **""Actually, my accounts are pretty chaotic right now and look that way for the foreseeable future. Can I pass on this one?""**   So, when a new account comes available if I've flagged myself as full I simply don't participate in what would be a random handing out of the Alpha Account. The only problem I could see is if employees are stretching themselves out a bit too much for extra money, and not necessarily because they can rightfully handle the workload. Now they're just not flagging themselves because they want more money, but that sounds like a problem that can be easily handled by looking at their performance. Can you handle the load? No. Then I'm flagging you. Again, this is what happens now. If some people volunteered for more Alpha Accounts they'd be told no. There have been times now when a support has too many accounts and they pull it away and give to someone else.  As far as losing money based on accounts, there could simply be a baseline salary. From baseline X apply the modifiers for the account values, quantities, and years worked there, but if you were to lose all but 1 account, all to no fault of you, the support, you'd be at the baseline X salary. Right now if that happened, they'd lay you off and hand your accounts to someone else. So, what's worse is how I see it.  I don't disagree with the office politics, innovation being kept to the support personnel and not shared, and I could see toxicity, but I only see it if the numbers of employees don't decrease which they inevitably would. Turnover I think is key in the beginning. The crew would be dwindled down to half the numbers, and the requirements for the position should inevitably increase thus cultivating an environment that's no more toxic than an internal sales department who work side by side, for commission."
"In the Netherlands specifically, there are several reasons to pay extra off on your mortgage. First, house prices have dropped significantly in the last several years.  They are rising slowly now, but it's region specific and you can still borrow more than 100% of the price of the house.  Under these conditions, if you choose to sell your house and the outstanding mortgage amount is greater than the value of your house, you are left with a gap (restschuld) to finance.  I think the rules have changed recently around this, allowing you to finance this gap with a new mortgage, but this is not a good idea.  The tax implications of this are likely to be complicated in the long run and your new house may not cover this gap for some time. Second, the less you owe on your house, the lower mortgage rates you can get.  Mortgages in the Netherlands usually fall into categories based on percentage of the auction price at a foreclosure sale (executiewaarde).  If you pay more of your mortgage off, you may qualify for a lower interest rate, possibly making refinancing interesting.  This is especially important if interest rates continue to drop but the value of your house does not increase or even decreases. Third, if you choose to keep your house and rent it out, the banks in the Netherlands have very strict rules on this if you want to do it above board.  I've read that some banks require the mortgage amount (NB not the value you may have built up in a linked savings or insurance account) to be less than 50% of the foreclosure auction price (executiewaarde).  Also, related to point 2, if you have something other than a linear or annuity mortgage, you will need to refinance to do this as the tax advantages around savings mortgages ([bank]spaarhypotheken) do not apply if it is not used as your own residence. Finally, if you choose to sell and you are in the happy position of having the value of your house be greater than the value of your mortgage (you have an overwaarde), there may still be some obstacles.  Any value you have accumulated in a linked savings or life insurance account is not available until after you sell your house.  Extra value derived purely from the difference between mortgage value and sale price may be easier to deal with. EDIT: As a final note, I've made extra payments on both a ""Spaarhypotheek"" (linked life insurance) and a ""Bankspaarhypotheek"" (linked savings account).  In one, the principal paid each month reduced and the mortgage lifetime stayed the same.  In the other, the principal paid each month stayed the same and the lifetime reduced.  In both cases, interest payments were less each month.  I would contact your mortgage provider to understand what the expected impact of extra payments will be."
This kind of thinking is a typical example of 19th century outdated economic theory. This might have been true for the factory workers back then but those kinds of jobs aren't even in western countries anymore (outside maybe some low level positions in the service industry). In the vast majority of modern western jobs firing and hiring someone else does not result in someone of the same effectiveness anywhere close to immediately.
Since I'm a glass half full kind of guy --- take this opportunity to learn WHY ~~investing~~ gambling the majority of your money in a 3x levered ETF is a terrible idea.  Consider the $3k cheap tuition that can save you from being a moron later once you actually have some capital to invest.  This sub can help with some suggested reading.
Welcome to eConCord Pro, the best graphic design company in Australia that offers a range of top quality graphic design, SEO, SMM and web development services at affordable pricing. Visit today and check out our plans, pricing and features!
Not to pick your words apart, but I'm used to the word laddering as used with CDs or bonds, where one buys a new say, 7 year duration each year with old money coming due and, in effect, is always earning the longer term rate, while still having new funds available each year.  So. The article you link suggests that there's money to be saved by not taking a long term policy on all the insurance you buy. They split $250K 30 year / $1M 20 year. The money saved by going short on the bigger policy is (they say) $11K.  It's an interesting idea. Will you use the $11K saved to buy a new $1M 10 year policy in 20 years, or will you not need the insurance? There are situations where insurance needs drop, e.g. 20 years into my marriage, college fully funded as are retirement accounts. I am semi-retired and if I passed, there's enough money. There are also situations where the need runs longer. The concept in the article works for the former type of circumstance.
"Are you complaining about the company changing and expanding its business model, sweet vulnerable venture capitalists getting swindled in the board room, or something else?  Or you've just ""decided"" that someone is ""evil"" and now you just want to demonstrate how smart you are at identifying and pointing out things?  ""Oh look! See! This is &lt;random thing&gt; that supports &lt;the big pharma narrative&gt;""."
You are calculating using different methods.  For example, to obtain 6.45% 6.44647 This is effectively the same as the money-weighted return calculation. In arriving at 6.06% you have calculated the true time-weighted return. Both answers are right, but they are different measures. To use time-weighted returns you need to know the value of the investment at the time of every cash flow. Modified Dietz uses a simple approximation to avoid that requirement.  Money-weighted return gives results that are more accurate for back calculating than Modified Dietz, (also without requiring interim valuations), but the calculation is more complex. See How to Calculate your Portfolio's Rate of Return for a decent reference.
So why are cancer rates higher among people who work next to the scanners and why are they not permitted to wear the radiation measurement tags? It is not about how much - it is a bout the fact that, in aggregate, it is an unhealthy thing.
Could be risky, consider that some of their assets in Bolivia were nationalized.
"I do a lot of my own legal work, even sued the IRS, and I always win**.  I would not attempt to do this myself.  I'd run straight to a tax professional***.  But if I did attempt this myself... My position is that I did a 401K to IRA rollover in good faith.  Such a rollover is perfectly common.  eTrade saw the paperwork and knew I was rolling over a 401K, and knew or reasonably should have known this rollover would be to an IRA, since rolling over to a cash account is a completely insane act which no-one would ever do.  I would gather and prepare to present every document that supports this notion in any way.  I would then take a hard look at my documentation and see how well I can support that argument.   Then I would research cases in tax court to see how the courts treated situations like yours.   I would not roll over the money to another IRA account until I had done that.   And I would move quickly.  This is a hard problem and there are no pat answers.  It depends a lot on the finer details.  One last thing.  Next time you do a move like this, start small.  Move $2000 over. ** My real skill is swallowing my pride and knowing when I'm wrong.  I settle those, and only fight the guaranteed winners.  *** This is not the usual SE kneejerk of ""hire a professional"".  I almost never do; but I would here.  It's an arcane area.  Also acting on a professional's advice is a ""get out of jail free"" card regarding penalties or punishments."
The range is fine. It's ~ 1-2X your annual income.  First, and foremost - your comment on the 401(k), not knowing the fees, is a red flag to me. The difference between low cost options (say sub .25%) and the high fees (over .75%) has a huge impact to your long term savings, and on the advice I'd give regarding maximizing the deposits.  At 26, you and your wife have about 20% of your income as savings. This is on the low side, in my opinion, but others suggest a year's salary by age 35 which implies you're not too far behind.  Given your income, you are most likely in the 25% federal bracket. I'd like you to research your 401(k) expenses, and if they are reasonable, maximise the deposit. If your wife has no 401(k) at work, she can deposit to an IRA, pre-tax.  It's wise to keep 6 months of expenses as liquid cash (or short term CDs) as an emergency fund in case of such things as a job layoff. They say to expect a month of job hunting for each $10K you make, so having even a year to find a new job isn't unheard of.  One thing to consider is to simply kill the mortgage. Before suggesting this, I'd ask what your risk tolerance is? If you took $100K and put it right into the S&P, would you worry every time you heard the market was down today? Or would you happily leave it there for the next 40 years? If you prefer safety, or at least less risk, paying off the mortgage will free up the monthly payment, and let you dollar cost average into the new investments over time. You'll have the experience of seeing your money grow and learn to withstand the volatility.  The car loan is a low rate, if you prefer to keep the mortgage for now, paying the car loan is still a guaranteed 3%, vs the near 0% the bank will give you.
"Here's my thought - call the insurance company back. Ask them to just tell you what the ""reasonable and customary"" approved payment would be. Offer that exact amount to the hospital, it's what they would have gotten anyway, and you learned a cheap lesson."
That's not how science works. Demonstrating non-spurious correlation is the responsibility of the author. Null hypothesis and all that.  That is to say, if some guy on the street tells you something, it's not _your_ responsibility to spend your time explaining to him or others how he might be wrong.
"This is somewhat of a non-answer but I'm not sure you'll ever find a satisfying answer to this question, because the premises on which the question is based on are flawed.  Money itself does not ""exist physically,"" at least not in the same sense that a product you buy does. It simply does not make sense to say that you ""physically own money."" You can build a product out of atoms, but you cannot build a money out of atoms. If you could, then you could print your own money. Actually, you can try to print your own money, but nobody would knowingly accept it and thus is it functionally nonequivalent to real money. The paper has no intrinsic value. Its value is derived from the fact that other people perceive it as valuable and nowhere else. Ergo paper money is no different than electronic money. It is for this reason that, if I were you, I would be okay with online Forex trading."
The president doesn't have a magic wand that automatically makes his will the law of the land.   The president is the chief executive over a complicated bureaucratic system we call the US government. With many branches and departments, some of which are legally separated by the US Constitution and not directly under the president's control.  No things aren't going to get better because the issues this country faces are beyond the office of the president. Maybe if Congress would get serious about America we would see a little traction on the recovery, as we would have 2/3 branches of the government moving in in the same direction. Currently the US government is a centipede with 2/3rds of its legs busted.  **EDIT:** I don't mean to give the impression that the Judicial Branch is dysfunctional so much as I wanted to illustrate that it tends to follow the Legislative and Executive branches, not lead them. The Legislative branch creates the laws that the Executive branch (Office of the President) enforces. The Judicial branch oversees these two branches to make sure they create laws that abide by and operate within the Constitution.
I worked at the Olive Garden in both New York and California.  Corporate Olive Garden is super cheap.  Staff doesn't even get a free meal when working all day (you have to pay for your food).    Managers got paid bonuses if they sold more deserts/alcohol so waiters are forced to offer every customer wine samples and pitch them on other drinks.    One thing I learned is that if you complain at one of the Darden Restaurants you are almost guaranteed to get comped.  The restaurants rely heavily on good feedback to keep corporate happy.  So eat all your food and then complain that it was gross and cold and they will give you free desert, or take the check if you push hard enough.
I don't see that this follows. Capital commitments require that one assess the ability to unwind as information changes - market frictions.  Thats why private equity demands a premium.    HFT is not investing - it is far closer to market making.  In that regard it is a social good.  What is of a concern is that they are far less supervised than a market maker.  They provide liquidity the way bankers provide loans - when it is not essential.  The old adage of an umbrella when it is sunny but take them back at the sign of rain.  If there are requirements to commit capital and maintain orderly markets with some oversight on their ability to maintain their capital ratios, a shadow market maker, then they should get to enjoy making a spread in exchange for keeping those spreads relatively tight.
"does it mean uncontrolled severe deflation/inflation is more likely to   occur compared to ""normal"" currencies such as USD, EUR etc? Look at the chart referenced in the link in your question.  It took approximately 50 years for annual production of gold to double from 500 tons to 1000 tons.  It took approximately 40 years for annual production to double from 1000 tons to 2000 tons. Compare that to the production of US dollars by the Federal Reserve (see chart below obtained from here).  US dollar production doubled in DAYS.  Which one do you think will lead to uncontrolled inflation/deflation? Update: Why did I include a chart of the FED's balance sheet?  Because this is the way newly printed money is introduced - the FED will purchase something from banks (mortgage-backed securities, US treasuries, etc.) with newly printed money.  The banks can then loan this money to people who then deposit the money into other banks who loan those deposits to other people and so on.  This is how the fractional reserve process expands the money supply.  This is why I did not include a chart of the money supply since that is counting the same money multiple times.  If I deposited 100 newly minted coins into a bank and that bank proceeded to loan out 80 of my coins where 80 are deposited into another bank who then proceeds to loan out 60 of the coins, and so on....the production of coins only changed by the initial 100 that I minted - not by the fractional reserve multiple. There are historical examples of inflation with gold and silver as duff has pointed out.  None of them come close in magnitude to the inflation experienced with government fiat money."
I know its a stretch and I'm not saying that I totally agree with it but you can argue that one person's own selfish consumption habits can be costly to the rest of us.  Perhaps it is a little like drunk driving, however, the harm there is physical first rather than financial.  I think that they should go ahead with the ban.  If nothing changes at all then reverse it.  Give people that one (totally unimportant) freedom back.  However, if it does produce positive results then what?  That is probably what Coca-Cola is most worried about.
When you have somewhat guy or gal at home you realize how advantageous simple resources like Printable Digital Calendars can be. You are able to use these practical and accessible sources to help your preschooler find out concerning the passing of one's power and effort, the circulation in the circumstances, statistics, the alphabet and so considerably far more.
"Insurance rates are based on statistics manipulated by experts in actuarial ""science"". Actuaries look at how many times different makes and models get into accidents or are targeted by thieves, and how expensive it is to repair them. Many auto and finance sites will publish lists of the best and worst insurance risks. Family style cars like minivans and family sedans fair well, while sports cars get more expensive insurance. New models will get the risk of similar models until there is statistical data on them. One other take away from this discussion is that inexpensive insurance usually coincides with cheap repair costs, lowering your total cost of operation for your vehicle."
"I mean it as a serious answer. If the very idea of your app is the valuable part then you won't have a successful business. If your idea is so incredibly amazing then someone can copy it as soon as your app comes out and you only have a couple months lead time.  Also, the ""proper"" answer, NDA, has been given several times.  Everybody has an app idea. Few people follow through.    And, well we're on the subject don't be ""that guy"" who tries to get a developer to make it for him (The actual skilled part)and split the profits 50-50"
"I doubt there is anything you can do to convince them you paid, outside of just talking to them, which it seems you already tried. These are the possibilities I can think of for how this happened: IMHO, the most likely scenario is #4. If 1 or 3 happened you'll never see your money again, but the other 3 possibilities leave open the option of the error being discovered in the future. My suggestion, if the copay is small, is to pay it again, ask for a receipt, and ask them to make a note in the system that you claim you already paid, and ask them to ""be on the look-out"" for any discrepancies in that amount. This way, (with a good amount of luck), if they find it or discover the error (from another customer asking about the credit, or an accounting cash surplus), they can refund it to you."
"&gt; Basically you imply that one has the onligation to earn money, what if you replace that with right to live?  Yeah, that's basically what i'm saying. The minimum wage is a means to an end, and that end is ""as little suffering/death as is possible."""
Cloud and online are already saturated there is no more significant growth at the top or bottom. Amazon, Google and DO have so much more of this market than MS it just speaks to how big it really is since even such a tiny fraction still looks good on the MS bottom line.    I think they have a guaranteed slow decline into irrelevance just like IBM. Though I think MS will flame out long before IBM does.
You may still get an exception hold on the transfer if all of the named account holders on the checking and savings do not match. In my time in banking such an internal hold was exceedingly rare but did occur if other red flags were present.  Usually a hold is not an issue when transferring to savings.  Further, regardless of the factors above, your institution may require you to complete the transfer with a teller rather than digitally, but that's the institution's choice. Side note about large transfers: When you're doing an internal transfer of $100,000.00 or more, even if named account holders match, some banks' back-end systems will only process this amount in one day as a wire. If so, they will likely waive the wire fee.
"Luck is the wrong word then, since you believe it to be fake.    How about ""chance of birth"", ""chance of opportunity""?  ""Being in the right place at the right time"".  It's all the same thing.  &gt; If you're from Darfur, sure you might be at a competitive disadvantage.  One must be from Darfur to have the same disadvantage?   Someone who grows up in abject poverty in the Appalachians you feel should be as successful as you?  Or growing up with a single mother on welfare in an urban environment?  Sure, you rose from meager circumstances to achieve.  But guess what, so did I.  I grew up on welfare, moved frequently, switched schools, but I made it eventually and am quite comfortable.  But unlike you, I still feel ""lucky"" for where I am today.  I am grateful, very grateful for what I have and where I am.  That is what we, as a society, lack currently. Gratitude.  Feeling pride in your self reliance is a good thing, but don't forget to be grateful, and don't feel the need to belittle others for their lack of success, because you don't know their situation, you don't know what they had to overcome."
Taxes are the least of your concerns. Your friends need licenses. Although this COULD be avoided entirely with certain craftily worded disclaimers and exemptions and the WAY that money is given to them.
Energy Transfer Partners, LP (stock symbol ETP) is the parent company of Dakota Access LLC, the developer of the Dakota Access Pipeline.  Since ETP is a publicly traded company, it is certainly possible to purchase the stock. To answer your questions: Would it not be possible to buy their stocks, bring down the price of the stocks and keep it there until investors pull out because it is financially unwise to these investors? You cannot artificially bring the price of a stock down by buying the stock.  Purchasing large enough amounts would theoretically cause the price to go up, not down. You could theoretically cause the stock to go down by shorting the stock (borrowing shares and then selling them), but it would take a lot of shares to do this, and may not be successful.  If not successful, your losses are potentially unlimited. Would it alternatively be possible to buy enough stock to have a voice in the operations of the company? Yes, you could theoretically purchase enough of the stock to control the company.  The market capitalization of ETP is currently $17.9 Billion; if you owned half of the stock, you would have complete control of the company.  But buying that much stock would certainly influence the price of the stock, so it would cost you more than half of that amount to buy that much stock. You could get yourself a voice at the table for less without owning a full half of the stock, but you would not have full control, and would need support from others to get the outcome you want. Alternatively, someone determined to exert their influence could theoretically make an offer to purchase the Dakota Access subsidiary from ETP, which might be less costly than purchasing half of the entire corporation. Even if an extremely wealthy person were to try one of these options and destroy this company, it wouldn't necessarily stop another company from building something similar.  The investors you purchased the company from would have billions of dollars to do so with.
If you are a US resident (not necessarily citizen) then yes, you do have to pay capital gains taxes on any capital gains, including interest from assets oversees (like interest from a savings account). Additionally you have to report all your foreign bank accounts according to FATCA (https://www.irs.gov/businesses/corporations/foreign-account-tax-compliance-act-fatca).
"? You have no idea what school I am talking about.  In my hometown, a child getting accepted into U of Illinois was one of the proudest moments in a parents life. I didn't get accepted into UI, but eventually I got accepted into a respectable school. I deal with people like that other commenter all the time. It's an epidemic. Why would I care to read his rude comments on Afghanistan when I have read books on the subject and been in the theater?  What, realistically, am I missing by engaging with him and putting up with his attitude?  And then there's you.  A brief view of your history shows me your school, your program, your lavish vacation, your frequent flyer tier as a freshman in college...  Honestly, I'm excruciatingly jealous.  So I hope you forgive me for my ""waving"" my pedigree of trying to be the first person in my broke-ass farm family to actually get a degree, but then getting beat out by my little sister because my mom could afford her college while I had to find a way to have Uncle Sam pay for mine."
"I think there are several issues here. First, there's the contribution. As littleadv said, there is no excess contribution. Excess contribution is only if you exceed the contribution limit. The contribution limit for Traditional IRAs does not depend on how high your income goes or whether you have a 401(k). It's the deduction limit that may depend on those things. Not deducting it is perfectly legitimate, and is completely different than an ""excess contribution"", which has a penalty. Second, the withdrawal. You are allowed to withdraw contributions made during a year, plus any earnings from those contributions, before the tax filing deadline for the taxes of that year (which is April 15 of the following year, or even up to October 15 of the following year), and it will be treated as if the contribution never happened. No penalties. The earnings will be taxed as regular income (as if you put it in a bank account). That sounds like what you did. So the withdrawal was not an ""early withdrawal"", and the 1099-R should reflect that (what distribution code did they put?). Third, even if (and it does not sound like the case, but if) it doesn't qualify as a return of contributions before the tax due date as described above (maybe you withdrew it after October 15 of the following year), as littleadv mentioned, your contribution was a non-deductible contribution, and when withdrawing it, only the earnings portion (which after such a short time should only be a very small part of the distribution) would be subject to tax and penalty."
Danh sách các ngân Hàng có nguy cơ bị sáp nhập  01 Ngân hàng Công thương Việt Nam 02 Ngân hàng TMCP Đông Á 03 Ngân hàng NNo&amp;PTNTVN 04 Ngân hàng TMCP Liên Việt 05 Ngân hàng Phát triển nhà Đồng bằng sông Cửu Long 06 Ngân hàng TMCP Đông Nam Á 07 Ngân hàng TMCP Sài Gòn-Hà Nội 08 Ngân hàng TMCP Đại Dương 09 Ngân hàng TMCP Mekkong 10 Ngân hàng TMCP Phương Tây 11 Ngân hàng TMCP Phát triển Nhà TPHCM 12 Ngân hàng TMCP Hàng hải 13 Ngân hàng liên doanh VIỆT THÁI 14 Ngân hàng TMCP Nhà Hà Nội 15 Ngân hàng TMCP Phương Nam 16 Tổng công ty tài chính cổ phần Dầu khí  Mọi Tài sản gửi trong các Ngân Hàng này cần được chuyển sang cho các Ngân Hàng tốt hơn nhằm hạn chế Rủi Ro !
"That's the thing: It seems like such a simple solution doesn't it? Yes, that would work really well to stop ads from being blocked!   There's only one problem: The ad network has to trust the site that's using it.  ""Yeah, our image server delivered your ads a billion times last month. Now send us the check..."""
The other commenters have a point.  You're going to have a hard time succeeding without the right structure at work.  That said, you can look into sales methodologies like MEDDIC.  These methods are commonly deployed at B2B companies which it sounds like you are.
"You should establish a strategy -- eg a specific mix of investments/funds which has the long-term tradeofv of risk, returns, and diversification you want -- and stick to that strategy, rebalancing periodically to maintain your strategic ratios betwedn those investments.  Yes, that means you will somettimes sell things that have been doing well and buy others that have been doing less well -- but that's to be expected; it's exactly what happens when you ""buy low, sell high""."
This is a reasonable question about inflation.  I would just like to note that inflation is nearly zero at the moment.  And interest rates are very low.  For a stable enterprise, borrowing cash is very easy right now.  Naturally, things could change in a year.  But the reason a company like Microsoft (but not just them) might hoard cash right now is that it gives them weight for buying up smaller firms, muscling rivals, and signaling their comfort level with the way things look for them.  It could also be because they are out of ideas for what to invest in, and/or are waiting for conditions to change before making any big decisions.  But with an interest rate at close to zero, and an inflation rate at close to zero, at the moment, inflation is not going to be a consideration in evaluating such a company.
"Yeah.... Colombia is one of the top Emerald mining countries of the world. I recommend you to investigate a little bit about it, check emerald prices in your country, then you'll find out if it's really profitable for you.  If so, I recommend you to buy them at the ""Emerald Trade Center"" located in Bogota, all gemstones there, are certified, sometimes you can find people selling really cheap emeralds on the street, but most of the time it's a scam.   Depending on size, color Weight, treatment, etc. Emeralds are less or more expensive. You can buy just the emerald or emerald Jewerly.  Once I met a Colombian guy in Aruba, who buys emeralds in his country and then he sells it in Aruba. He said, it was profitable in Aruba.   If so, I recommend you to buy them at the ""Emerald Trade Center"" located in Bogota, all gemstones there are certified, sometimes you can find people selling really cheap emeralds on the street, but most of the time it's a scam.   Depending on size, color Weight, treatment, etc. Emeralds are less or more expensive. You can buy just the emerald or emerald Jewerly.  Once I met a Colombian guy in Aruba, who buys emeralds in his country and then he sells it in Aruba. He said, it was profitable in Aruba."
The Vanguard Emerging Market Bond Index has a SEC yield of 4.62%, an expense ratio of 0.34%, a purchase fee of 0.75%, and an average duration of 6.7 years.  The Vanguard Emerging Market Bond Index only invests in US Dollar denominated securities, so it is not exposed to currency risk.  The US Intermediate Term Bond Index Fund has a SEC yield of 2.59%, an expense ratio of 0.1% and an average duration of 6.5 years.  So after expenses, the emerging market bond fund gives you 1.04% of extra yield (more in subsequent years as the purchase fee is only paid once).   Here are the results of a study by Vanguard: Based on our findings, we believe that most investors should consider   adding [currency risked] hedged foreign bonds to their existing diversified portfolios. I think a globally diversified bond portfolio results in a portfolio that's more diversified.
"What is it with every large company with millions of customers - ""what can we do to keep the people who aren't our customers happy?"". As small business owner I'm drilled to look after my existing customers. If I start ignoring them and focusing on those who aren't my customers, maybe I will be an enormous conglomerate."
1. Up to you, enough such that you are confident in your results  2. We should make a subreddit :), and I should write up a tutorial for quantstrat for dummies  a) You want the methodology, max DD Relative to portfolio equity, and where the strategy works and does not work.  b) be critical at every step of the way, so you can consistently improve.
"You come off as a douchebag when you start a post, but I hadn't heard of duress in contract law. Does this apply to your average dental patient looking for a cleanup? There are other dentists and he didn't make any threats for them to sign the contact.  I knew vaguely of the concept of duress, and was implicitly ignoring that. I meant contracts for goods or services of an ""everyday"" nature.  But if you were making fun of me for being a kid or being naive or my lack of knowledge of the law, it came off like you were a total dick."
Check your pregnancy through pregnancy week calculator, pregnancy calendar at OmmeWorld. Getting pregnant is such a very amazing moment for  women. If you will get this surprise then maybe you will face many problems about your pregnancy period. You should know more about your weeks, about your diet.
It cost a lot of money to pay the poet to make wording, designers/photographers to make the post-cards and miscellaneous staff (Executives, HR, shareholders etc.) These cost are thrown onto the buyers.
I have 1.5 years intern experience as a risk analyst doing programming work. Im a math major with a cs minor who can program fluently. I also understand basic finance terms and macro and micro economics. I applied to like 40 internships and got denied on all of them.   Sitting here wondering how the fuck I get beat out by a cashier.
Gold is classified as a collectible so the gain rates are as follows: So you'd report a gain of $100 or $1,000 , depending on which coin you sold.
Not at all man, for it to be a *coup de grâce* someone would have to have actually taken up and countered my argument, then been defeated on riposte, then finally laid down by the stark reality that returning to the gold standard is a horrible idea.   But no one took it up, so I'm glad you made the point.  It would have gone stale in my back pocket.
Thanks for showing me that. I can see it now. I have always used my formula, and even a senior at another company confirmed the way I calculated the returns.   Luckily, I do not work with that manager, and he has his own model, and so do I. But he was pretty cool about it when I asked about his calculations.
3 Yes, a big yes, it cannot go into the account it came from. Then both accounts >can't be touched for a year. 3) Actually it looks like you can reinvest it in the same IRA account. Based on IRS publication 590 http://www.irs.gov/publications/p590/ch01.html You can withdraw, tax free, all or part of the assets from one traditional IRA if you reinvest them within 60 days in the same or another traditional IRA. Because this is a rollover, you cannot deduct the amount that you reinvest in an IRA.
"&gt; Your argument is literally ""That guy who robbed you spent the money on a bench and you sat on it. So, yaknow, he was justified robbing you.""   To give another analogy along with /u/halfback910's ,  you are saying ""That slave accepted food from his master, therefore he consented to the slavery""."
In the terms of profit, you're most likely not going to make any. The other posters had good suggestions about donating and I say the same.   The fact that you had no business insurance leads me to believe that you may just have an expensive hobby and not an actual business. Talk to your accountant/tax preparer and see what and how much loss can be deducted, although that doesn't help in the present.   This is a hard lesson to learn but I hope it sticks. **Always** have business insurance, especially in an area such as yours where hurricanes are relatively normal. It's absurdly foolish and unacceptable not to have insurance.   I hope all works out.
"Ditto Nate Eldredge in many ways, but let me add some other thoughts. BTW there are not four types of account, but five. You're forgetting equity, also called capital. Would it be possible to design an accounting system that does not have 5 types of accounts, maybe is simpler in other ways, and is internally consistent and logical? I'm sure it is. But what's the advantage?  As Nate points out, the existing system has been in use for hundreds of years. Lots of people know how it works and understand it.  I'd add: People have long since worked out how to deal with all the common situations and 99% of the odd cases you're likely to hit. If you invent your own system, you're starting from scratch. You'd have to come up with conventions to handle all sorts of situations. How do I record buying a consumable with cash? How do I record buying a capital asset with credit? How do I record paying off debts? How do I record depreciation? Etc etc. If you worked at it long and hard enough and you're a reasonably bright guy, maybe you could come up with solutions to all the problems. But why?  If you were approaching this saying, ""I see these flaws in the way accounting is done today. I have an idea for a new, better way to do accounting"", I'd say good luck, you have a lot of work ahead of you working out all the details to make a fully functioning system, and then persuading others to use it, but if you really do have a better idea, maybe you can revolutionize the world of accounting. But, ""The present system is too much trouble and I don't want to bother to learn it"" ... I think that's a mistake. The work involved in inventing your own system is going to end up being way more than what it would take to learn the existing system. As to, Aren't liabilities a lot like assets? Well, in a sense I suppose. A credit card is like a checking account in that you can use it to pay for things. But they're very different, too. From an accounting point of view, with a checking account you buy something and then the money is gone, so there's one transaction: reduce cash and increase office supplies or whatever. But with a credit card there has to be a second transaction, when you pay off the charge: So, step 1, increase debt and increase office supplies; step 2, decrease debt and decrease cash. Credit cards charge interest, well you don't pay interest to use your own cash. Etc. One of the beauties of double-entry book-keeping is that every transaction involves a debit and a credit of equal amounts (or a set of debits and credits where the total of the debits equals the total of the credits). If you combine assets and liabilities into, whatever you call it, ""balance accounts"" say, then some transactions would involve a matching debit and credit while others would involve a positive debit and a matching negative debit and no credit. I'm sure you could make such a system work, but one of the neat built-in protections against error is lost. There's a very logical distinction between things that you have or that others owe you, and things that you owe to others. It makes a lot of sense to want to list them separately and manage them separately. I think you'd pretty quickly find yourself saying, ""well, we have two types of balance accounts, those that represent things we have and which normally have positive balances, which we list on chart A, and those that represent things we owe and which normally have negative balances, which we list on chart B"". And before you know it you've just reinvented assets and liabilities."
Less shares outstanding means that, holding the dividend per share constant you would have a lower total dividend expenditure.  The more likely outcome is that, if you want to return capital to shareholders through a dividend, you just pay a higher amount per share.
Ask your colleagues!  I know that sounds obvious, but just go to where people who do your sort of business hang out (or better, find some venture capital firms and ask their portfolio companies).  It's not something people would keep secret from you...
For an individual there will not be much impact immediately. This arrangement will help Corporates and Banks settle payments more easily. - It would typically help companies dealing with Yuan [Buying or selling to China or Countries that accept Yuan as payment] to make payments at a cheaper cost & in less time. - In the near future it would make it easier for companies to invest more into China financial markets - It would also open up / create new market for derivatives and other allied products - It would also make Singapore a market place for Yuan outside China [and Hong Kong] resulting in more money and related product. In a related move this would make it easy for Singapore Central Bank to invest in China.   Once the markets matures more, there could be some products for Individuals.
I find that very surprising. My engineering degree came with a healthy dose of engineering economics. It's just another optimization problem for an engineer and they are generally really good at that sort of thing if you pose the problem to them. Of course the best ones already know this but even the lesser ones will generally do a good job if they know the business goals and constraints.  Of course, management needs to share what those are and often they suck at that.
The earnings portion will be taxed at your marginal tax rate + 10% penalty. If the total is $100, then the earnings portion is probably not very significant for this to be a concern. But it's something you could put into a Roth IRA and let it compound with the rest of your retirement savings. Depending on your age, the compounding effect of $100 invested early enough tax free can be thousands of dollars at retirement. i.e. You have 60 days to deposit it into a Roth IRA. Don't let that pass you by.
Security Company Miami - At Homeland Patrol, we’ve been providing the best in security protection for years to businesses and residents in Florida. We are the first line of defense in safeguarding their properties, people, or events, and we can do the same for you.
Uhuh. And if I go to the Sushi bar 10 minutes before they close, they'll give me their stale rolls 50% off. Will CNBC right on article on that tip from me?  Its just a stupid article.
If there's a market for it, then it has value. No reason that it shouldn't be used, unless that market is just too volatile to ensure future value; which, I don't think is the case with fine art. If anything, there is almost the certainty that their value with increase with time.
Probably the easiest way to invest in hotel rooms in the U.S. is to invest in a Real Estate Investment Trust, or REIT.  REITs are securities that invest in real estate and trade like a stock.  There are different REITs that invest in different things: some own office buildings, some residential rentals, some hold mortgages, and some are diversified in lots of different types of real estate.  There are also REITs that are exclusively invested in hotels. REITs are required to pay out at least 90% of their profits as dividends, and there are tax advantages to investing in REITs.   You can search for a REIT on REIT.com's Searchable Directory.  You can select a type (Lodging/Resorts), a stock exchange (NYSE), investment sector (equity), and a listing status (public), and you'll see lots of investments for you to consider.
Linksyssmartwifi setup wizard lets you setup the Linksys router by just following some instructions. If you get any trouble in the installation or want to change the settings and need help then we are here to help you. Get in touch through the live support window.
Welcome To Tizaa Works! This website is for everyone who wants to submit or read articles about businesses. Most of the articles here are from business and technology enthusiast who is willing to share their knowledge and experience that could give insights to others especially to the people who are starting their own business.
&gt;The firms have to pay a shit ton of money in lawsuits.  Not really..does anyone remember the wrongful death post from the guy who's mom worked in the oil industry? No lawyer would take the case because it was unwinnable.
We provide the best digital marketing and website design service in the world. We can help you to improve your marketing messages,  but it's also a basis for you to know what works and what doesn't. We provide the best software tools that track for email marketing. If you are looking Email marketing gainesville fl, we are the best one way for you. Your email marketing campaigns is really very important in any business.
One of the tricks to prepare best coffee is to use fresh, high quality beans. Even though the bean to cup coffee machines grind the beans fresh for every brewing, you nonetheless need to have fresh coffee the with best espresso beans you will get the greatest aroma and flavor.
If you can still work or have income to support yourself, I would wait. contrary to some media reports, Social Security has enough money to cover full benefits for a number of years to come, and there are solutions that don't involve cutting payouts. And as mentioned before it is likely you'll be grandfathered in if there are cuts.
Yeah because there are not already 30 self checkout lines in Walmart. Even mc Donald's has them. Sorry but this is going down with a shit minimum wage. If 500,000 have to 'lose' their job for tens of millions to have a living wage so be it.
You can't really avoid inflation. As the population grows, the amount of money needed will grow as well (because the people will grow up and go to work and earn money, and someone has to create it to pay them). One of the definitions of inflation is increasing amount of money. Increasing amount of money causes devaluation (for example, if instead of 1000 dollars we now have 2000 dollars in circulation, because the population tripled in the last 50 years, while in Russia the population remained the same and they have the same 1000 rubles as they had 50 years ago - 1 ruble will no longer cost 1 dollar, but rather 2, i.e.: prices rise). This is very simplified of course, and there are a lot of causes and triggers for inflation. Inflation, when controlled and within certain limits is necessary for growth, as mentioned, but when uncontrolled and very high it causes a lot of damage, and that's what troubles people about inflation, not its mere existence. As to bringing the prices down- the prices don't go down, the  gallon of gas will not go back to $0.25. It's just the buying power of the money goes down, because of inflation. You could buy a gallon of gas for 0.25 50 years ago, but you had to work for 1/2 hour to earn these 0.25. Now you have to pay $4, but if you still need to work for 1/2 hour for that, then the price didn't rise, effectively.
"Give him a second chance to fix it.  Some computer problems are hard to nail down.  THIS:  So you're a tech.  It's common to work a problem, do procedure A and B   that should've fixed it, test repeatedly to make sure it's fixed, and   hand it back to the customer... and then the customer, under his   operating conditions, has it fail again.  If it comes back to you, you have the foreknowledge that A and B   didn't work.  And you immediately try C and get it fixed.   This   knowledge does not magically transfer to other shops.   So the user goes into Yelp Mode and storms off angry to another shop... they   blindly try A and B again, burn in, send him home, it fails again,   user's even madder.  This is how computers DON'T get fixed. 5% discount for cash is reasonable. If you want to know why that's normal, sign up for Square.  Credit cards and checks have a significant overhead, including the risk of bounces and chargebacks, and that adds up to about 5%.  Only a few businesses actively solicit it, but many family-owned businesses would accept it if you offered.  So firstoff, does the shop give you a creep factor other than your feelings about him not fixing it the first time?  If so, cut your losses and bolt. You will definitely need to pay cash to have this fixed properly.  Otherwise take it back to him and give him a chance to fix it properly. Having dealt with a lot of customers, what you say sounds an awful lot like ""problem so minor I was able to use it for 9 months before bothering to get it fixed which I'm only doing because the warranty is ending"", and therefore, ""I am resentful about having to give it up for an extended period of time to have it fixed because the problem Just Isn't That Important"".  If that's true, you're in a values conflict and you might just be better off recognizing that.  Cheap PCs are cheap.  But the vast majority of niggling PC problems are not in fact hardware problems, they are just MS-Windows being MS-Windows."
"Dividend paying stocks are not ""better""  In particular shareholders will get taxed on the distribution while the company can most likely invest the money tax free in their operations.  The shareholder then has the opportunity to decide when to pay the taxes when they sell their shares.   Companies pay dividends for a couple of reasons.... 1.) To signal the strength of the company. 2.) To reward the shareholders (oftentimes the executives of the firm get rather large rewards without having to sell shares they control.) 3.) If they don't have suitable investment opportunities in their field.  IE they don't have anything useful to do with the money."
First, I believe that you can't just divide the losses over a number of years. I know that would be ideal as it might let you use the losses to only offset 25% income. A loss that gets you below zero taxable income would carry forward to the next year.  That said, I think it would be a great strategy to use the loss to offset a Roth conversion, in your case, from the traditional 401(k) to Roth 401(k). Keep in mind, as you've seen from using the 2016 tax year TurboTax, you should be able to make a fairly good estimate for your 2017 return. This could effectively use all of the loss to offset 25% income.  I'd look at the current projection and convert say 75-80% of the target amount immediately, then in November when the 2017 software comes out, convert the rest to get as close to your goal as you can.
Gold ETFs are treated different than stock ETFs, as a collectable. This makes long-term investing in gold ETFs (for one year or longer) subject to a relatively large capital gains tax (maximum rate of 28%, rather than the 15% rate that is applicable to most other long-term capital gains). Read The Gold Showdown: ETFs Vs. Futures for more details.
"Why? Money isn't leaving the State's coffers, so there is no opportunity cost. The ""costs"" (or ""payouts,"" as the article disingenuously labels them) are tax breaks. There is little chance that Foxconn would invest in WI (or any other state) without some tax breaks, so the tax breaks aren't even forgone revenue in the purest sense, either."
You may have a few options if the company continues to ignore your communication.  Even if none of these works out, the debt should still probably be paid out by the estate of your friend.
Is investing in a Roth retirement account only better if you will be in a higher    tax bracket in retirement? If you are pushing up against the contribution limits, a Roth account may allow you to save more money in tax-advantaged accounts. In your example, you are putting $100 pre-tax in a traditional account vs $85 post-tax in a Roth account. But if there are limits, and the limits are the same for traditional or Roth accounts (as they currently are for US 401(k) accounts), you can effectively put more into a Roth account, where the limit applies to the post-tax amount, than a traditional account, where the limit applies to the pre-tax amount. If so, is there any case in which a traditional retirement account is better than a Roth account? It is smart to have some money in a traditional account, because the first amount of money you earn or withdraw each year (up to the standard deduction) is taxed at 0%, which is probably less than your current rate. And the next bit of money is taxed at only 10%, which may also be less than your current marginal rate. Of course, things may change by the time you retire, but it is probably safe to assume that we will still have some kind of progressive (income bracketed) tax structure.
Check with a small local bank or credit union, they might offer better terms. That said, my local credit union still charges $6/month for a checking account if you don't have a direct deposit into it.
It's extra work for you to purchase a vehicle that has an outstanding lien on it. It's not uncommon, but there are things to take care of and watch out for. Really, all it means is that the vehicle you're trying to purchase hasn't been paid for in full by the current owner. Where things can get dodgy is ensuring that all outstanding debts are paid against the vehicle at the time you take ownership of it, otherwise the owners of those debts could still reclaim the vehicle.  Here's a good article about making this kind of purchase.
"&gt; Literally not a single word of this comment is true.  Every word is true.   &gt; 1) 26.9 gross margins just got posted, with zero ZEV revenue.  I'm not talking about their posted numbers.  Taxpayers get tax credits for buying them.  If taxpayers didn't get those tax credits then TSLA would have to lower the price of the car and they would be a loss.     &gt; 2) Your 11,000 number is completely made up, particularly given that they had zero ZEV revenue.  See above.   &gt; 3) What competition? Name a car. There's nothing.  I said competition is ""coming"", not that it's here.   &gt; 4) Again, literally on that very same call, they said they've shaved hundreds of pounds off of the Model S since it started production due to improvements in battery technology. Batteries improve 8-10% every year. Everyone knows this.  1.  TSLA has worse battery tech than the cutting edge battery companies whose batteries are coming in the new competition.  2.  If you believed everything that companies said in conference calls you would be leveraged long every company in the world."
"&gt;If this were true, why force citizens to use a specific central bank's paper money via ""legal tender laws""?  You do not have as much of an idea of what you are talking about as you think you do.   You can pay a person for their good or service in any sort of money you want, including gold, bitcoins, fishes, cupcakes, iron ore, or whatever. However, they must be willing to accept it. If you attempt to pay them in USD, however, they can't refuse. So why not start attempting to pay for things in semiconducters?"
"They exceed in rote academics, tasks that lend well to memorization.  But they lag in areas that require critical thinking and ""thinking outside the box"".  There have been a few recent studies on the subject but my google-fu is lacking right now.  It's not racial, but rather cultural and the effect has to do with the teaching style employed.  I imagine it comes from having to memorize 30-50,000 shapes and meanings, writing them over and over, you spend more time on that and less time being trained to be creative like the western approach.  There are advantages and disadvantages to each.  And also, you have an element of 1st wave immigrant bias involved (I don't think that's the right term, but I remember the basic concept discussed in a couple of my econ courses).  The early immigrants to a country tend to be the most self motivated, the most skilled.  Key word here is ""tend"", not all, but most of the 1st wave are the most entrepreneurial.  This is most pronounced in immigration to a new country.  Once the wave of immigration has become established, you get the 2nd and 3rd wave of immigrants come in, where those that come in lack the skills of the 1st wave and are able to take advantage of the inroads laid by those who came first."
After that I moved to the Middle East on March 23rd, 2015 As an NRI, one should not hold any Savings account. Please have this converted to NRO Account. Additionally it is advised that you open an NRE account. Both these can be done remotely. If I transfer money from here to a non NRE/NRO account then is it taxable? Assuming its income earned when you are NRI, it is not taxable. However if there is audit enquiry you would need to have sufficient proof to back that this income is earned during your period as NRI and hence not taxable. As indicate above, holding a savings account when you are NRI is a breach of FEMA regulation.  I have been getting mail from myITreturns.com to file income tax returns. Since I am considered as NRI, do I have to fill any non return form online? If there is a source of income in India, interest on savings account etc, it is taxable and you would need to file appropriate returns. Even if you have zero income, it is safe to file a NIL return. For the year 2014 do I have to file income tax returns? For the financial year 1st April 2014 to 31st March 2015, you are still a resident Indian for tax purposes. You should have filed the return by June 2015 if there was tax due, else by March 2016. If you have not done so, please do this ASAP and regularise it.
First thing to note is that contributions (i.e. the total of all the amounts that you directly contributed into Roth IRA at any point in time) to a Roth IRA can be withdrawn at any time, without needing any reason, without any tax or penalty. Early withdrawal (early because you are under 59.5) of earnings, on the other hand, will incur tax and penalty. (I didn't go into withdrawal of conversions as those are a little more complex.) When you withdraw, contributions come out first, so as long as you don't withdraw more than the amount of past contributions, you won't have any tax or penalty. And if it's not going to have tax, it doesn't really matter if you do it this year or next year. If you need to dip into the earnings, however, then maybe it would be better to do this year so it will be taxed at lower rates.
Prison in the US has nothing to do with an economic context. White collar crimes will always be sentenced less harshly than violent crimes.  I don't expect to see Madoff on the street anytime soon. So the original premise doesn't hold across the board.  The system is fucked up though. What can you do. People like Corzine are ingrained in our government and financial institutions.
MattMcA definitely gave you excellent advice and said a lot of what I would say to you. Most databases that are going to give you the most comprehensive information, but in a well formatted way, are going to require subscriptions or a fee. You should try to visit a library, especially one at a university, because they may likely have free access for you. At my alma mater the preferred database among students was LexisNexis Corporate Affiliations. http://www.corporateaffiliations.com/  With this company directory, you get public and private company profiles. You can use Corporate Affiliation’s MergerTrak™ and get full coverage on current and past mergers and acquisitions.  I definitely think this is a business database you should look into. You have nothing to lose seeing as they have a free trial.  Just to add, there’s always a business news feed on the homepage. As I just checked now, this one caught my interest: For Marvel Comics, A Renewed Digital Mission.
Yeah and that's one of the reasons I never go there.  Another, major, one is that I live in California so there's authentic Mexican joints littered about in every city with way better tasting food for less money.  Also free salsa bars and chips.
"If you are buying and selling mutual funds in the same family of funds (e.g. Vanguard), then you can set up an on-line account on the Vanguard website (www.vanguard.com) and it is easy: Vanguard offers a ""Transaction"" service that allows you to sell shares of VFINX, say, and buy shares of VBTLX, say, from the proceeds of the sale all in one swell foop. But, if you are holding the VFINX shares through your on-line account with, say, eTrade, then it depends on what services eTrade provides to you. Will it allow doing all that in one transaction, or will it wait for the cash to come from Vanguard, and then send the money back to Vanguard to invest in VBTLX? In any case, selling VFINX shares and investing the proceeds in PRWCX shares, say,  cannot be done on the Vanguard site only; Vanguard will send the proceeds of the sale of the VFINX shares only to your bank account, not anywhere else. You  then need to tell T. Rowe Price (where you presumably have an account already) that you want to invest $X in PRWCX shares and to withdraw the cash from your bank account. If you are doing it all through eTrade, then the money from the sale of VFINX goes from Vanguard to eTrade (into something called a sweep account, or maybe your cash account at eTrade) and you invest it in PRWCX after appropriate delays in receiving the money from Vanguard into eTrade, etc. If your cash account (bank or eTrade) has enough of a balance, you could sell VFINX and buy PRWCX on the same day. where the purchase is made from the money in the cash account and replaced a few days later by the proceeds from Vanguard. Bouncing of checks (or inability to act on a hot tip to invest in something) in the interim is your problem; not the bank's or eTrade's."
From a page on consumerfinance.gov A debt collector generally may not contact your employer or other third-parties about the debt. Debt collectors may ask your employer to verify your employment, or ask for your address or telephone number. Note - they aren't even allowed to tell the employer that they are trying to collect a debt. So - even if you were the guilty party, this isn't allowed.  They've already broken very clear laws and thus are probably not trustworthy, so (echoing what others have said) don't give them your own personal information.  If they've done one day's research on the law governing their industry they know this is illegal.  If they've actually gotten any money from your employer, it's theft.  If they haven't then it's just attempted theft.  Contact the police regardless. Also - contact a lawyer.  You may well have the right to sue them.  They've broken Federal laws in a way that causes you injury.  Odds are they've broken state laws as well. One last point - do you even have proof that these are debt collectors collecting a real debt, rather than people trying to get you to give them your SSN?  Perhaps their business plan is to look at company webpages and send bogus requests to the employers for some random employee and then see what information they get back (I'm not him, here's my personal information).  Be very careful to not give any personally identifiable information (date of birth, address, SSN, mother's maiden name, etc).  Anything they ask about you don't provide.
&gt; Hybrids &amp; electrics are not quite ready for the prime time.  I mostly agree.  But I know a couple Prius owners and they love their cars.   &gt; without a massive and permanent increase in oil prices, widespread adoption is unlikely.  I believe the increase is inevitable.    You mention 20 to 30 years out.  Thirty years back, my car still had  a carburetor.  We've come light-years since then.  I suspect the time frame for being ready for prime time is more like ten years.  The Chevy Volt just got a 10% bump in electric-only range.
"&gt;  the business class replace engineer/programmer-managers.  This is more true than you know. As someone who has worked at Microsoft and talked to many senior executives, the leadership doesn't really ""get"" technology the way they used to. It's been happening for a while, and the best example of it was probably the Gates/Ballmer transition. Microsoft, at best, will eventually become another GE - a company that develops technology, but no longer a company driven by technology and innovation. Of course, nothing is changing in the short term though, not as long as Windows and Office keep printing money."
"In my opinion, you're in a precious metals ""bubble"" when rising prices are driven by the people's desire the own the commodity without a reason other than ""the market is going up"". Usually ""bubble"" markets are fueled by lots of debt. IMO, this isn't a bubble. I don't think that silver and gold values are shooting up like a rocket due to some orgy of speculation.  In my opinion, citizens are losing faith in the government and in the value of money itself. If you have money to save, most banks pay less than 1%. The government claims that inflation is nonexistant -- the inflation rate on a US Series I Savings Bond was 0.37% in November 2010. Yet most people are noticing escalations in price in things that dominate their budget -- fuel, healthcare, local taxes and food. I bought a pound of store-brand butter for $3.99 yesterday... that was $0.99 4-5 years ago.  People are seeing precious metals as a way to hedge against that. They're rational about it -- trying to protect assets is different than speculation. I think the question to ask is: ""Is the US Dollar's value a bubble?"""
"OneTwoTrade is a binary option seller, and they are officially licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority. They are not in any way licensed or regulated as an investment, because they don't do actual investing. Is your money safe? If you mean will they take your money and run off with it, then no they probably won't just take your deposit and refuse to return any money to you for nothing - that would be a terrible way to make money for the long-term. If you mean ""will I lose my money?"" - oh yeah, you probably will! Binary options - outside of special sophisticate financial applications - are for people who think day trading has too little risk, or who would prefer online poker with a thin veneer of ""it's an investment!""  In the words of Forbes, Don't Gamble On Binary Options:  If people want to gamble, that’s their choice. But let’s not confuse   that with investing. Binary options are a crapshoot, pure and simple. These kinds of businesses run like a casino - there's a built-in house advantage, you are playing odds (which are against you), and the fundamental product is trying to bet on short-term volatility in financial markets. This is often ridiculously short-terms, measured in minutes. It's often  called ""all or nothing options"", because if you bet wrong you lose almost everything - they give you a little bit of the money you bet back (so you will bet again, preferably with more of your own money). If you bet correctly you get a pay-out, just like in craps or roulette. If you are looking to gamble online, this is one method to do it. But this isn't investing, you are as mathematically likely to lose your money and/or become addicted as any other form of money-based gambling, and absolutely treat it the same way you would a casino: decide how much money you are willing to spend on the adventure before you start, and expect you'll likely not get much or any of that money back. However, I will moralize on this point - I really hate being lied to. Casinos, sports betting, and poker all generally have the common decency to call it what it is - a game where you are playing/betting. These sorts of ""investment"" providers are woefully dishonest: they say it's an exciting financial market, a new type of investment, investors are moving to this to secure their futures, etc. It's utterly deceptive and vile, and it's all about as up-front and honest as penny auction websites. If you are going to gamble, I'd urge you to do it with people who have the decency to to call it gambling and not lie to you and ask for a ""minimum investment""."
"Average rent rates will typically rise and fall, and are market-dependent just like real estate. In the short term, a collapse in housing like the one we saw in 2008 can induce a spike in rental costs as people walk away or get foreclosed on, and move back into apartments. That then tends to self-adjust, as the people who had been in the apartments find a deal on a foreclosed house and move out. However, one thing I've seen to be near-constant in the apartment business is that a landlord will offer you a deal to get in, then increase the rent on you from year to year until you get fed up and move. This is a big reason I didn't have the same address for two years in a row until I bought my house. The landlord is basically betting that you won't want to deal with the hassle of moving, and so will pay the higher rent rate, even if, when you do the math, it makes more sense to move even to maintain the same rent rate. Eventually though, you do get fed up, look around, find the next good deal, and move, ""resetting"" your rent rate. I have never, not once in my life, seen or heard of any landlord offering a drop in rent as a ""loyalty"" move to keep you from going somewhere else. It's considered part of the game; retailers will price match, but most service providers (landlords, but also utility providers) expect a large amount of ""churn"" in their customer base as people shop around. It averages out."
No, YOU made it about me.  &gt; If we were both to start our own companies,  &gt; people like you   I'll talk to my employees and the other 100's of people I interact with daily.    You should try it some time.
"This is an attitude that I feel equal parts scorn and sympathy for.    On the one hand, of course it's easier to believe something once you've investigated the topic and played with the equations yourself.  On the other hand, you have the knowledge and skills required to be an exquisitely rational actor and you're going through your life with ""*probably other people can't do math*"" as a heuristic."
"Ill give you two bits of advice...  1. Word of mouth is the best marketing tool for this particular business. That's because people dont get excited about plumbing, rather they only need it when they have a problem.  Providing the best customer service and following up months after your service was completed (letters, personalized e-mails, gifts, etc), will make your customers refer others.  3. Make sure your website is SEO friendly. When people need plumbing done, they will often do a google search as follows: ""Plumbing (Town, State)"", Let me know if you want to learn more about SEO and ill give you a few resources. Although it is an effective marketing technique it is also very easy to get scammed by so called ""SEO Professionals""."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.nber.org/papers/w23735) reduced by 64%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; We use unique administrative data from a large private university on the East Coast from 2009-2016 to test whether women are more sensitive to grades than men, and whether the gender composition of major-related classes affects major changes.  &gt; The results show that high school academic preparation, faculty gender composition, and major returns have little effect on major switching behaviors, and that women and men are equally likely to change their major in response to poor grades in major-related courses.  &gt; Women in male-dominated majors do not exhibit different patterns of switching behaviors relative to their male colleagues.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6wk0s6/choice_of_majors_are_women_really_different_from/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~199824 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **major**^#1 **women**^#2 **gender**^#3 **student**^#4 **switch**^#5"
"Tax US corporate ""persons (citizens)"" under the same regime as US human persons/citizens, i.e., file/pay taxes on all income earned annually with deductions for foreign taxes paid.  Problem solved for both shareholders and governments.  [US Citizens and Resident Aliens Abroad - Filing Requirements](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/us-citizens-and-resident-aliens-abroad-filing-requirements)  &gt;If you are a U.S. citizen or resident alien living or traveling outside the United States, **you generally are required to file income tax returns, estate tax returns, and gift tax returns and pay estimated tax in the same way as those residing in the United States.**  Thing is, we know solving this isn't the point.  It is to misdirect and talk about everything, but the actual issues, i.e., the discrepancy between tax regimes applied to persons and the massive inequality it creates in tax responsibility.  Because that would lead to the simple solutions that the populace need/crave.  My guess is most US human persons would LOVE to pay taxes only on what was left AFTER they covered their expenses."
Yeah, Microsoft, watch out! You don't want to be a company that has certain *extremely lucrative* markets cornered by providing vertically integrated solutions at exorbitant prices. No sir, that's a horrible fate to have. Poor, poor IBM, with their $90 billion in revenue.
It is not unheard of. Celebrity investors such as Warren Buffet and Carl Icahn gained notoriety by more than doubling investments some years, with a few very stellar trades and bets. Doubling, as in a 100% gain, is actually conservative if you want to play that game, as 500%, 1200% and greater gains are possible and were achieved by the two otherwise unrelated people I mentioned. This reality is opposite of the comparably pitiful returns that Warren Buffet teaches baby boomers about, but compounding on 2-5% gains annually is a more likely way to build wealth. It is unreasonable to say and expect that you will get the outcome of doubling an investment year over year.
If you are off by coins, how can you be sure that you only made a typo and didn't miss a transaction?  To start off, I would strongly you find a way to be precise.  It doesn't matter so much in the accounting, but the habit of doing a thorough job will pay off in other dividends down the line. Basically, do the pennies now.  Tryout some free online software to save the headache of data entry. But........ Since my primary goal is to get you to do the budgeting, and if you really hate the coins, just be consistent in how you fudge the debits and the credits. Always round down to the nearest whole in income, and always round up on expenses.  You won't overspend this way, and your back account should have a little bit of padding because you will assume less money in and more money out. Honestly, I do tracking in both Quicken and Mint.com, so the transaction size is no big deal to me.  If I did it all in Excel, I would round to whole notes.  You didn't tag your question with a country, so I don't know if or similar is available to you.
They're surprisingly good.  But I wouldn't go there for a regular hamburger, there's nothing particularly special about their beef.  Their catch is they serve things like Buffalo, Wild Boar and Elk.  Buffalo is actually delicious and less fattening than beef.  That's what I go there for.  This all being said it's still a fast food burger.
"&gt;You could say the same about any public utility. (except the one largest one, technically)  There are literally thousands and thousands of processors, which is not the case with utilities. Additionally, processors don't need to have any kind of office or presence anywhere near the business they're serving, which means being able to choose without geographical restrictions. Also, PayPal is not a utility. This is not a relevant comparison.  &gt;Are you saying they are unable, both contractually and technically, to affect the consumer side?  They'd have to revoke their partnerships with banks who issue cards, which they aren't going to do, because consumers using cards is how they make money. Banks could choose not to issue cards, but they're already free to do that. (There's no right to a credit card.)  &gt;But also by selectively quoting me you are (deliberately?) side-stepping what actually happened in the WikiLeaks case, to focus on the consumer side.  Visa and Mastercard prohibited payments to Wikileaks on the basis of WL allegedly facilitating illegal activity. How is that relevant to what PayPal's doing?   &gt;You must buy things in different corners of the Internet than I do. The customer experience (to me) is that there is ""the store"" or you can pay with PayPal. Yes, ""the store"" is actually a payment processor but this is a quick slippery slope to ""what? You can just set up your own payment processor once they've all blocked your legal business"".  What are you talking about? You acknowledge that the store has its own processing but somehow that's not enough because someday they might not have processing and have to go through PayPal?  Processors *already* deny service to legal businesses. Notably, anything considered ""high risk"" - which includes travel services, pharmaceuticals, firearms, adult entertainment, telemarketing, debt collection, tobacco, and more - but also for businesses with poor credit, high chargebacks, business practices they don't agree with, lots of international transactions, etc.   It literally happens all the time. And, there are so many processors (tens of thousands) that there's another processor willing to step in.   Tons of websites don't even use PayPal anymore, and the ones that do often layer it on top of a different payment option. (PayPal is trying hard to increase their presence in stores because of the competition in the internet space.) No one is unable to accept payments if they're barred from PayPal. PayPal actually cuts off accounts all the time because people use it for things against PayPal's TOS.   Amazon payments, Shopify, and Stripe are the ones that most people know off the tops of their heads for online processing, but there are literally thousands. No one is somehow unable to conduct business if they can't use PayPal.   The only time that businesses can't really get processing is if they do something like rack up chargebacks and disappear or commit fraud against a processor. In those cases, the processor can put that business on the Terminated Merchant File (or MATCH list) and other processors will see that there's been a problem with that customer and not take them on. Even in those cases, businesses can rectify the issue and get off the MATCH list or they can look for processors that will serve them anyway and expect to pay a premium for it."
"Haha oh man, the worst part is that I seen some of those bullet points being passed as actual advice by ""experts"" and actually working in IRL situations so I honestly don't know how much is a joke really"
Nature finds its way. Bitcoin enables not only enables new kinds of commerce in both virtual worlds and in the real world, it slowly starts to become a stable store of value, because more people are comfortable of holding them.
If you can get into the top school, it's a no-brainer to go that route.  An MBA at a top school will not only give you an education taught by world-renowned professors but also a large network of students and alumni.
"There are some euphemisms that are better known than others. A category of stocks that's suitable for ""widows and orphans"" would be stocks that are low beta, and perhaps high dividend. Safe (being relative) enough to put a window's money into.  The term ""cake and underwear"" appears to me to be a Buffetism. And I'd interpret it to mean,""not tech, not stocks that are either high growth or cyclic, but stocks that make things that have steady demand and that most consumers use."" Google the phrase, only Buffet comes up."
It depends on how much equity you have in your home. Scenario 1: Your home is worth $100K, and your current mortgage is for $100K (or more which means you are underwater.) In this case you can't get a 2nd mortgage because: That being said, you can use different portions of equity in your home as collateral for multiple mortgages, as long as none of the equity overlaps, but you may need permission from the primary mortgage bank first, for example: Scenario 2: Your home is worth $100K, and your current mortgage is for $80K meaning you currently have $20K in equity. It is possible to get a 2nd mortgage or home equity line of credit for $20K. As a side note, if your loan agent is telling you to use a different bank, it sounds like she is trying (and willing) to do something shady. If you are in Scenario 1, I'd find a new agent.
"Having worked for a financial company for years, my advice is to stay away from all the ""Freedom Funds"" offered.  They're a new way for Fidelity to justify charging a higher management fee on those particular funds.  That extra 1% or so a year is great for making the company money; it will kill your rate of return over the next 25+ years you're putting money into your retirement account.  All these funds do is change the percentage of your funds in stocks vs. more fixed investments (bonds, etc.) so you have a higher percentage in stocks while you're young and slowly move the percentage more towards fixed as you get older.  If you take a few hours every 5 years to re-balance your portfolio and just slowly shift more money towards fixed investments, you'll achieve the same thing WITHOUT the extra annual fee. So how much difference are we talking here?  Let's do a quick example.  Based on your salary of $70k and a 4% match by your company, you'll have $5,600 a year to put in your 401(k) (your 4% plus matched 4%).  I'll also assume an 8% annual return for both funds.  Here is what that 1% extra service charge will cost you: Fund with a 1% service charge: Annual Fee Paid Year 1 - $60.00 Annual Fee Paid Year 25 (assuming 8% growth in assets) - $301.00 Total Fees Year 1 through 25:  $3,782 Fund with a 2% service charge: Annual Fee Paid Year 1 - $121.00 Annual Fee Paid Year 25 (assuming 8% growth in assets) - $472.00 Total Fees Year 1 through 25:  $6,489 That's a total of $2,707 in extra fees over 25 years on just the investment you make this year!  Next year if you invest the same amount in your 401k that will be another $2,707 paid over 25 years to the management company.  This pattern repeats EACH year you pay the higher management fee.  Trust me, if you invest that money in stock instead of paying it as fees, you'll have a whole lot more money saved when it's time to retire. My advice, pick a percentage you're comfortable with in stocks at your age, maybe 85 - 90%, and pick the stock funds with the lowest management fees (the remaining 10 - 15% should go into a fixed fund).  Make sure you pick at least some of your stock money, I do 20 - 25%, and select a diverse (lots of different countries) international fund. For any retirement money you plan to save above the 4% getting matched by your company, set up a Roth IRA.  That will give you the freedom to invest in any stocks or funds you want.  Find some low-cost index funds (such as VTI for stocks, and BND for bonds) and put your money in those.  Invest the same amount every month, automatically, and your cost average will work itself out through up markets and down. Good luck!"
"How does this get any business? You'd be surprised on how much profit these type of businesses can bring in and the number of people who cash their checks this way. They make profit off people who want their checks cashed ASAP. Usually cheques written to ""cash"" or something can just be cashed for   free at the bank right? Yes, most banks cash your check for free. Some may not cash it right away and may require a few days to process. Some charge a small fee if the check is not from the same bank. Some personal checks may not even be processed the same day as well. Wouldn't the only cheques that people would cash at these places be   bad cheques? Yes and no. Yes because it may be ""easier"" to try to cash a fraudulent check at these type of check cashing places. However, some places may only cash business checks and require your ID in which they write down the information in order to possibly track you down in the future. Also some places only cash a check to a certain amount.  And wouldn't this mean that the business will lose a lot of money   since it pays out cash but then has the cheque bounce?  Of course the business loses money if the check bounces or is fake. That is why they try to minimize their losses with certain requirements that needs to met before the check can be cashed. Who uses these services exactly? Just about anyone who needs their check cashed ASAP or like ChrisW stated in his answer is trying to keep their money on the low. There is a demand for this service even though it may seem shady to you."
Well there is a gap.   In a democracy we vote for our government.   We believe in them - at least the majority does.     And generally government fights on the side of capital and produces rhetoric on the side of capital and the same people who voted for their government believe the shit they're being fed.  Government generally has the difficult job of balancing labour and capital.   Both are incredibly important tools to manage.    If I voted for the governing party and they produce vitriol against a labour dispute, well no shit I'd believe them - they're the people I voted for and trust.     It's unfortunate.
ACH transfers are reversible and traceable. So what's stopping them is the ease and the speed with which they would be caught. When you give a check - you have to provide some information to the payee so that they could cash it. You can't withhold the bank or the account number - how would they charge you? So it has to be on it, and if it is on it - it can be put on any other (fake) check. That is why checks come also with your signature, and are always available for you to inspect when they're cashed. If you notice something out of the ordinary (check you didn't give? ACH transfer you didn't authorize?) on your statement - it is your responsibility to notify the bank within X period of time (60 days, I think) of the statement, and it will be dealt with. So the best way to protect yourself would be to keep an eye on your account and verify that the transactions that you see are all authorized, and do it frequently. Keeping large amounts of cash on your checking account is never a good idea, regardless. Also, since checks are inherently unsafe - try to only give checks to people you trust, and use bill-pay or credit cards with anyone else.
I ducking KNEW there was shit going on with WF when I got them in 07.  Cancelled my account and went to a local credit union, those beautiful bastards have grown into a formidable local bank it it's fantastic to see them taking on big banking.    Keep it up Legacy Texas!
"liquid asset A sunk cost may turn out to be a loss or it may make you a profit, but what makes it ""sunk"" is: you can't get it back.  The opposite is a cost that you can later redeem, which makes it ""liquid""."
"A few years back me and a couple of friends made about 100 of these on his 30 watt laser cutter. At the time I was using them for ring boxes, because I make spoon rings and wanted something to give to people for the nicer sterling rings. If I remember correctly we used high ply baltic birch plywood at 1/8"" thickness. The grade we were buying ran us about $30 for a 5'x5' sheet. We cut them into 11x16 sheets, because that's the max size for his laser, and cut roughly 5 out of each sheet. The ones we were making were of course much smaller than what you are looking at though. Materials alone ended up running about $.50 a piece, we were coating with one layer of teak oil. It was roughly ten minutes to cut out 5 boxes, then another ten minutes to pop them out of the plywood and assemble each one. Despite what has been stated, with tweaking, friction fit held up completely fine, we didn't use glue on a single one and I still have a few laying around that are holding up fine also. Anyway, say you are paying yourself roughly $20 an hour, and you can speed it up from what we did and make 20 in an hour, now you have $1 a piece in labor. Keep in mind if you go to a place to have these made, from my experience, most places will charge you roughly $1 a minute for laser time. Add engraving time if you want a logo or something on them, probably another minute per box, all in all in the end these are going to end up costing you $2.50-$3 a box if you have free access to a laser. I would imagine anyone making them for you would probably charge double that.   In the end after the first batch of both these boxes, some slightly different, and some jewelry trees, we found out that it's hard to sell these items for an affordable price and still make it worth your while. If I remember correctly we ended up selling most of the remaining boxes for about $4 a piece just to break even and cover all of our expenses. Of course, this is just my experience, if someone has a way to do this more efficiently and for a profit, I would be interested to hear it, because we still have the laser and probably 100 sheets of plywood left =D"
"In the context of this thread... the state level.  In the context of your first comment; I would say the city level. But if you're comparing Baltimore and Booneville (wow, that's actually the name of the largest city in Owsley County Kentucky?) it's still apples and oranges. And much of that county is outside of any city limits...  In the context of your ""Government is not your nanny"" comment, well those are all at the national level... So look at per-capita spending for national programs that cover both areas equally (e.g.  Social Security or Medicaid/Medicare maybe?). Be careful citing overall welfare numbers that vary by state though (like food stamps or other welfare programs).  So, what point are you trying to make? The data needs to fit that argument. Total wealth? Taxes paid at the same level (state / federal / city / county)? Amount spent on education? Median household income compared to cost of living?"
Unlike others who have answered the question - I have done this.  Here is my experience - your mileage and friendship may vary: I bought a condo years ago with a longtime childhood friend.  We did it for all the reasons you mentioned - sick of renting and not building equity, were both young, single professionals who had the money.  The market crashed we have both since married and moved on to own other properties with our spouses.  Now we rent out the condo as selling in the current market is not doable..  It's not an ideal situation but that is because of the real estate market - not who I bought with. You need to discuss very openly all of the following scenarios, as well as others I can't think of right now I am sure: If you aren't both 100% in sync with these questions then do not do it. I never understand why some people would buy with a girlfriend/boyfriend but not a good personal friend.  You're more likely to have a falling out with your significant other then a long time close friend.  My advice, have honest, open conversations, about all possible scenarios.  If you feel necessary put somethings down into some sort of legal agreement - with us it was not, and still isn't necessary.
"&gt; They need to obey the same laws that taxi companies are still held to or be fined into oblivion.   No thanks. Until ordering a ""regulated"" car becomes as pleasant an experience as using Uber, I'll keep voting with my dollars for uber. Those safety ""features"" and ""regulations"" are superfluous and I don't mind the varying rates uber charges because their drivers don't take me along bullshit routes since it's all recorded on GPS and I can complain to the company for a refund. They will also never refuse to take a credit card, and tipping is automated so drivers never distrust me in the first place.    Your ""repercussions"" for discrimination are BS since here [in Washington DC cabbies openly discriminate against black people](http://archive.wusa9.com/news/article/286584/158/WUSA9-Undercover-Cabs-strand-blacks---official-says-its-not-racism) and it's very hard to enforce, whereas with uber, payment information has been processed since the moment you sign up so the driver never has to worry about it. I'm a working professional and I tip well, but I feel self-conscious hailing cabs because I know that white customers get priority. With Uber there's a customer rating that they see that lets drivers know I'm cool and tip well so I always get drivers fast. Also, I've almost missed a flight because a taxi I phone-ordered simply didn't show up; which is just plain incompetent. Stop defending your corrupt industry. You sound like a good guy, go make more money with a superior service instead of using the guns of the law to force uber/lyft into becoming worse services."
Yes^. Tie incentives to review writing and to repeat visits (like a loyalty program-- 5th one free, etc). There's nothing wrong with starting from 11... That will make you try harder for every customer experience and generate those good reviews organically. Good luck.
When you set up a short sale for equities you are borrowing stock from someone else; typically another client at the broker.  The broker usually buries an agreement to let your shares be borrowed for short sales in your account details.  So if Client A wants to short a stock, he borrows stock from Client B to do the short sale (it's usually not this direct as they can borrow from many clients).  If Client B then wants to sell his shares; if the broker can't shift around assets to find another client's shares to let Client A borrow; then he has to close the short position out because he doesn't have the shares in the brokerage to let Client A borrow to short anymore.
The only part that bothers me about google is android. Everything else is pretty diverse and each of those individual products could easily or already do have competitors. Video, email, search, social networking, advertisement and analytics all have alternatives.  Android however gives them immense power over the offerings of many other companies products, but it is pretty damn messy with no simple solutions besides wait and see what happens so far.  Amazon has gotten huge, and while they do amazing logistics, that is almost entirely what they do. Unless im buying straight from manufacturer, I only shop at 3 or 4 sites and 90% of that is amazon. Amazon, Newegg(computer shit), RockAuto(car shit), and monoprice for cables. For now they are king but I doubt it is going to stay like that. Ive noticed some products have higher markups and suppliers are likely raising prices for amazon, but it will be a few more years at least before anyone else might be able to gain traction.
"My dad keeps complaining that I treat him like a kid but hey, when the shoe fits, right? That right there is some wisdom. I would question why you need a student account.  If I found myself in this situation; and, decided to participate.  I would open a savings account (no debit card) in both of your names.  This account would have little or no fees, have a branch convenient for both of you,  and no ability for him to overdraft.  When I wanted to, I could deposit money into his account, and he could withdraw. You might even open your own account at the same bank that he does not have access to.  Then it is a matter of transferring the money into his account which can be done by mobile phone.   The thing that I would say to you, beyond your question, is that you are choosing to participate and enabling this insanity.  By ""quickly"" sending him money you are not allowing him to find alternatives for his poor behavior.   If it was me, I would require that he have some sort of financial literacy education.  He needs help budgeting, planning, and managing a bank account.  I am a Dave Ramsey guy, so I would require him to attend FPU, that I would happily pay for ~$100.  Alternatives are more than fine, mostly there has to be  progress in his financial literacy and behavior.   If he asked for money in the future, I would ask to see his budget and explain what went wrong.  If there was no budget, there would be no money.  If there was some legitimacy to his need, I would help meet it.  One example would be the company he worked for did not meet payroll.  That is something mostly beyond his control and can really hurt when a person is just starting to take control of their life.  So yes, I would send a check in that case.   However, that choice is yours. For perspective, when my son was 18 he came to me for help with habitual bounced checks.  He wanted me to pay the fee and probably pay it every month that he went crazy.  I paid the fee once, and I provided the education he needed.  After that he learned and was quickly a self-sufficient adult.  I also made it very clear that I would only pay it once. My situation was normal, parents should teach their children.  Your situation is insanity.  There is no way you should be put in the situation you are in with your father.  He needs to grow up, and you will have to help him somewhat.  If nothing more you should cut him off financially."
"This is the sentiment of the industry.  The frequency of massive losses has been higher than indicated by the two most used models.  I don't know the exact stats cause I work in a different LOB in the reinsurance world but I believe we've had a few ""1 in 200 year"" losses in the past decade. And there are concerns about climate change, etc."
"Talk to your bank first but shop around a bit as well with other reputable lenders in your area.  Another option, if you're willing to put down ~84% of the purchase price would be to talk to several dealerships BEFORE you set foot on a single lot. Tell them that you are interested in buying a Versa and that you are willing to pay cash but you are not willing to pay more than $10,200. They won't agree (trust me on that) but they will come down from $13,000. Say ""Thanks, I'll call you back."" and call one of the other dealerships on your list and tell them ""I just spoke with this dealership and they are willing to sell me the car for [whatever number they gave you]."" One of two things will happen, either the dealership will come back with a lower price or they will tell you to go buy the car there. Continue this process until you have one dealership left.  I did this with 3 dealerships in 2011 and bought a truck with a $27,000 sticker price for just over $19,000. It took about a week to make all of the calls and I ended up going to a dealership 3 hours away but it was worth it for $8,000."
"Your broker, Ameritrade, offers a variety of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) that you can buy and sell with zero commission.  An ETF is like a mutual fund, but you buy and sell shares the same way you buy and sell shares of stocks.  From your point of view, the relevance of this is that you can buy and sell as many or as few shares as you like, even down to a single share.  Note that to get the commission-free trades on the available ETFs you have to sign up for it in your account profile.  Be sure to do that before you enter any buy orders. You'll want to start by looking at the Ameritrade's list of commission-free ETFs.  Notice that they are divided into different categories:  stocks, bonds, international, and commodities.  Which categories you pick from will depend on your personal investing goals, time horizon, risk tolerance, and so on.  There are lots of questions and answers on this site that talk about asset allocation.  You should read them, as it is the most important decision you will make with your portfolio. The other thing you want to be aware of is the expense ratio for each fund.  These expenses reduce the fund's return (they are included in the calculation of the net asset value of the shares), so lower is definitely better.  Personally, I wouldn't even consider paying more than about 0.10% (commonly read ""10 basis points"" or ""10 bp"") for a broad-based domestic stock fund.  For a sectoral fund you might put up with as much as 20 bp in expenses.  Bond funds tend to be a little more expensive, so maybe allow as much as 25 bp, and likewise for international funds.  I've never invested in commodity funds, so I'll let someone else opine on appropriate expense ratios for those. Once you've decided what funds you want (and have signed up for commission-free trades), all you have to do is enter the trade orders.  The website where you manage your account has tutorials on how to do that.  After that you should be all set. Good luck with your investing!"
I understand he's trying to tell us how rich he is here.  But what a retard - why would he want to take counterparty risk vs some dodgy boxing corporation?  The longer he waits, the more chance the cheque bounces.  Nobody would provide a loan to these businesses for less than 10% per year.  Floyd is doing that for 0%
"Not to mention there's no such thing as an ""Economics Nobel Prize"", but to the credit of the OP the term was correctly put in quotations.  The prize (propaganda coup) is the Rikksbank Prize in memory of Alfred Nobel, and Nobel himself opposed the concept of a prize in economics. The much more recently created prize was devised only in 1969 by central bankers as a way to promote economists who primarily share and promote the ideology of central banking. They co-opted the Nobel name and bribed the Nobel committee with a lump sum they couldn't turn down, and the rest is history."
As noted above, this is likely going to need (several) lawyers to straighten out.  I am not a lawyer, but I think one should be retained ASAP. However, in the meantime: The authorized user should not be making any charges.  Continuing to do so at this point may be a criminal offense.  For the protection of any other heirs, this should be brought to the attention of the credit card issuer and law enforcement authorities.  As it stands, the account holder's estate will be liable for the full debt, and the authorized user's estate would be untouched.   Of course, all this could change if other heirs challenge the estate and file civil suits, in which case it's likely that both estates will be eaten up with legal fees anyway.
No, I don't mean like company towns. I mean that if the government did not provide roads (we'll use roads as an example) then a private company would see an area of the market that needed service and profit was to be made and fill that whole. Roads would exist, probably in some form similar to toll roads, and we would still have our infrastructure.
Good. The quality of programming on TV seems to decrease year after year. In an effort to combat people ignoring advertisements the shows now contain horrendous [product placement](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQYwFND7rHE) filler, which is barely [disguised anymore](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfHuZ5qrYX4), and the comedy becomes weaker and weaker as shows like Two and a Half Men go on and on, replaying the same tired plots, refusing to die, as yet more unfunny filler appears, e.g. Mike and Molly.  TV is dying not only because people like the freedom of the internet, but also because people don't like shit. You get 500 channels of cable, 10 of them are watchable. Those ten are only watchable between 7 and 12 at night, if even then.  Why is TV failing? Because TV sucks.
You can buy out of the money put options that could minimize your losses (or even make you money)  in the event of a huge crash. Put options are good in that you dont have to worry about not getting filled, or not knowing what price you might get filled with a stop-loss order, however, put options cost money and their value decays over time. It's just like buying insurance, you always have to pay up for it.
"The answer to your question is...it depends.  Depending on the state you, your friend, and the LLC are located in, it can be very easy to run afoul of state banking laws, or to somehow violate some other statute pertaining to the legal activities an LLC may undertake by doing something like a loan. It is not unusual (or illegal) for officers or employees of a business entity to be loaned money by the company they work for, so something of this nature wouldn't be an issue with regulatory agencies.  Having your LLC loan money to a friend who isn't an employee or officer of your LLC just might not be kosher though. The best advice I can give is that you should call the state banking commission or similar agency in your state and ask them whether what you want to do is alright.  The LAST thing you want is to end up with auditors or regulators sniffing around your business, even if you haven't done anything wrong, and you certainly don't want to run the risk of accidentally ""piercing the corporate veil"", as someone else here astutely pointed out. Good luck!"
"You likely won't require OCR software for the PDFs. Most PDFs are created entirely in software these days, rather then scanning in a printed or faxed letter. The text should be able to extracted from the them with a utility like ""pdftotext""."
Banks and credit unions are constantly required to improve their detection methods for suspicious transactions.  It's not just big transactions anymore, it's scattered little ones, etc. Our credit union had to buy software that runs through transactions sniffing for suspicious patterns.  More regulations and more costs that ultimately get passed on to customers in one way or another. Some of your transactions probably tripped a wire where there was none before.
My interpretation of that sentence is that you can't do the buying/selling of shares outright (sans margin) because of the massive quantity of shares he's talking about.  So you have to use margin to buy the stocks. However, because in order to make significant money with this sort of strategy you probably need to be working dozens of stocks at the same time, you need to be familiar with portfolio margin.  Since your broker does not calculate margin calls based on individual stocks, but rather on the value of your whole portfolio, you should have experience handling margin not just on individual stock movements but also on overall portfolio movements. For example, if 10% (by value) of the stocks you're targeting tend to have a correlation of -0.8 with the price of oil you should probably target another 10% (by value) in stocks that tend to have a correlation of +0.8 with the price of oil.  And so on and so forth.  That way your portfolio can weather big (or even small) changes in market conditions that would cause a margin call on a novice investor's portfolio.
"Many investors don't invest for the short term and so a stock ""nose-diving"" in the short run will not affect their long term strategy so they will simply hold on to it until it recovers. Additionally funds that track an index have to hold on to the constituents of that index no matter what happens to its value over the period (within trading limits). Both of these kinds of investors will be able to lend stock in a company out and not trigger a forced buy-in on a short term change. If the underlying long-term health of the company changes or it is removed from indices it is likely that this will change, however. Employee stock plans and other investors who are linked directly to the company or who have a vested interest in the company other than in a financial way will also be unwilling (or unable) to sell on a down turn in the company. They will similarly be able to lend their stock in the short term."
Hello, my Dear Friend!  Steal Chips Johny Johny Yes Papa Song Learn Colors with Bad Baby Nursery Rhymes Thank you for watching my video! Five Little Babies Jumping on the Bed Song Nursery Rhymes Songs for Kids https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIAMkUdZ1QA Learn Colors with Crying Baby Dolls Are you Sleeping Nursery Rhymes Songs for Kids https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8-HzTiZyGc #LearnColors #Colours #forKids #forChildren #JohnyJohnyYesPapa #JohnyJohnyYesPapaSong #NurseryRhymes#NurseryRhymesSong #BadBaby #GiantSpider #StealChips #ChipsPrank #EaTV
Silly me for assuming you would actually read it   &gt;&gt; Although death rates for many individual cancer types have also declined, **rates for a few cancers have stabilized or even increased.**  &gt;&gt; **As the overall cancer death rate has declined, the number of cancer survivors has increased**  &gt;&gt;**Although rates of smoking, a major cause of cancer, have declined, the U.S. population is aging, and cancer rates increase with age. Obesity, another risk factor for cancer, is also increasing.**
That's not unemployment insurance. Because it's perfectly possible, and even likely, that your industry will do badly but you'll keep your job, or that your industry will do well but you'll lose your job anyway. Any bet you make to insure yourself against unemployment has to be individually about you -- there are no suitable proxies.
"Dude, you are over analyzing this way too much.  The fact of the matter is, if someone is sketchy enough to help you rob a bank, their character and judgement is suspect.  &gt;Moreover, it can't be that hard to find a group of 4-5 people who aren't stupid. I can think of a dozen friends of mine off the top of my head I'd have complete confidence in if we decided to rob a bank.  This sentence is a bit of a fallacy in of itself after reading the linked article above.  You want to find ""4-5 people who aren't stupid"" that will ""rob a bank.""  We just read about how the return on bank robbery is complete garbage, so anyone who would think it a good idea is de facto stupid.  Chances are, someone who was willing to commit such a large crime, will be willing to commit other, possibly smaller crimes.  And if you think there's any loyalty among criminals, you are incredibly naive..."
"Let's look at basics. Your 340K mortgage amortized over 25 years at 3.5% is going to cost you $1700 in payments - almost exactly your rent. You won't be paying out less. You will in fact be paying out more, because you are now liable for more insurance, and any repairs will have to be paid for by you, not the landlord. So don't do this to save money. Figures from here. Don't forget that it is extremely likely that interest rates will go up in the next few years. 7% is not unlikely. Can you afford it if your payments double? You can get a fixed rate mortgage, but they are going to cost you much more than 3.5% for more than a couple of years. Don't be fooled by the 'pay yourself' argument for getting a mortgage. in the first few years almost all of your payments is interest, not paying down the principal. You are just switching from paying a landlord to paying a bank. There are huge advantages to waiting until you have a good down payment before buying a house. People with a big down payment get better interest rates, and don't need to pay as much CMHC insurance. You will be less at risk if the price of your house drops. Also ask yourself if you are sure you will be in your house for five years - if not, even real estate agents would usually admit you shouldn't buy. The truck payment shouldn't be an issue, as long as you are sure you can service both truck and mortgage payments. Nor is $600 in credit card debt significant in the big scheme. I would probably put any spare cash towards a down payment. It reduces your interest rate (possibly), some expenses with regard to your mortgage, and your risk if you have to sell and your house value has dropped.  You might like to look at the government of Canada website ""Rent or buy"". It's down right now so I can't give you a link. I'll edit it in when it's back up. EDIT:Turns out it's offline for 'updating'. Here's the link."
The stock will slowly gain that $1 during the year. Suppose we have the highly theoretical situation that a company's stock is worth exactly $10 right after it paid its dividend, its dividend is always $1 per stock, and the company and everything else is so stable that its value never changes. Then the stock value right before the next dividend is paid will be close to $11 -- after all, it's worth a certain $1 dividend the next day, plus the $10 stock. And in between, half a year after the dividend was paid, it will be in between, say $10.50, or actually slightly less than that (because people like to buy in late so they can make money some other way with the money first). But the point holds -- the price decrease on the day that dividend is paid had been building up the whole period before that decrease. So stock dividends do make you money.
This isn't the movies. Killing someone's family to pressure them into DOING something for you is one thing, but that tactic doesn't work when you're trying to get someone to give you something they don't have. Let's say they kill his daughter or brother or parents, what then? How is he going to magically raise $3M? Go to a bank? Ask a friend? Tell the police? (btw, I find it interesting that his partner in that company was a police chief). It's not like he had the money but was just hiding it either. He simply had no way of paying, and they knew it, they probably worked with him for a while to get paid back and he couldn't get it done (maybe even tried gambling as the last option). Some other loan shark sure as hell isn't going to give you a loan to cover the loan you already can't pay back. They basically got fed up and decided to punish him by taking his life.  Keep in mind him being killed bc of debt is purely my suspicion. It could've just been some random murder, Phili isn't the safest of places.
"Your corporation would file a corporate income tax return on an annual basis. One single month of no revenue doesn't mean much in that annual scheme of things. Total annual revenue and total annual expenses are what impact the results. In other words, yes, your corporation can book revenues in (say) 11 of 12 months of the year but still incur expenses in all months. Many seasonal businesses operate this way and it is perfectly normal. You could even just have, say, one super-awesome month and spend money the rest of the year. Heck, you could even have zero revenue but still incur expenses—startups often work like that at first. (You'd need investment funding, personal credit, a loan, or retained earnings from earlier profitable periods to do that, of course.) As long as your corporation has a reasonable expectation of a profit and the expenses your corporation incurs are valid business expenses, then yes, you ought to be able to deduct those expenses from your revenue when figuring taxes owed, regardless of whether the expenses were incurred at the same approximate time as revenue was booked—as long as the expense wasn't the acquisition of a depreciable asset. Some things your company would buy—such as the computer in your example—would not be fully deductible in the year the expense is incurred. Depreciable property expenses are deducted over time according to a schedule for the kind of property. The amount of depreciation expense you can claim for such property each year is known as Capital Cost Allowance. A qualified professional accountant can help you understand this. One last thing: You wrote ""write off"". That is not the same as ""deduct"". However, you are forgiven, because many people say ""write off"" when they actually mean ""deduct"" (for tax purposes). ""Write off"", rather, is a different accounting term, meaning where you mark down the value of an asset (e.g. a bad loan that will never be repaid) to zero; in effect, you are recognizing it is now a worthless asset. There can be a tax benefit to a write-off, but what you are asking about are clearly expense deductions and not write-offs. They are not the same thing, and the next time you hear somebody using ""write off"" when they mean ""deduction"", please correct them."
My employer matches 6% of my salary, dollar for dollar. So you have a great benefit. The self-directed side has no fees but $10 trades. No option trading. Yours basically allows you to invest your own funds, but not the match. It's a restriction, agreed, but a good plan.
You must pay your taxes at the quarterly intervals. For most people the withholding done by their employer satisfies this requirement. However, if your income does not have any withholding (or sufficient), then you must file quarterly estimated tax payments.  Note that if you have a second job that does withhold, then you can adjust your W4 to request further withholding there and possibly reduce the need for estimated payments.  Estimated tax payments also come into play with large investment earnings. The amount that you need to prepay the IRS is impacted by the safe harbor rule, which I am sure others will provide the exact details on.
"I'd lean toward using the $3,000 from the emergency fund although depending on your monthly bills, a $2,000 emergency fund (or even a $5,000 one) may be a bit small. But here are a couple of other options for you: Zero-interest balance transfers: If you have cards and have a zero balance on them, your credit card companies are keen to see you put a balance on them. Find out if they're offering any ""12 months no interest on balance transfers"" offers (or if any of their rivals is), since of course the car loan is an outstanding balance you can transfer (you're not asking them for cash). Put the $3,000 on that zero-balance transfer option, get rid of the car, and pay the $300/mo to pay down the balance on the card. 10 months later, two months before the end of the free period, you're at zero again — without dipping into your emergency fund. You'll also now have a history with that card company of paying back, which may lead them to attempt to entice you to go into more debt (which you'll resist, of course) by increasing the limit. (If you don't want a higher limit, just tell them to reduce it again.) A $3,000 unsecured loan with no pre-payment penalty provided the math works out. The interest may be expensive (unless you find something with a teaser rate for the first X months), but if you find an option, do the math on it to see if it's actually more expensive than carrying the car payments, insurance, etc. on a depreciating asset. It may not be as expensive as the 20% rate or whatever makes it sound (but again, do the math), and if you apply your $300/mo to it, within (say) 11 months you're clear again — with a nice little paid-back loan on your credit report. Both of these ensure that you still have your emergency fund at your disposal, and both capitalize on the fact that right now, you're probably a good credit risk. If you dip into your emergency fund, and an emergency happens (like loss of a job) and you find yourself short of funds, you may have trouble securing further credit at that point to cover the gap in your emergency fund."
I am a very light TurboTax user and have expensed a laptop in the past (since it was used exclusively for work) and used the itemized deduction there and has no issues.  Just not sure if there was a limit or anything of note to realize ahead of time.  Thanks!
"I work for a large hospital that has this issue. We recently just installed Cell Repeaters inside the hospital for all carriers. Technically you could argue that large business should do the same for safety. So they cant hide behind the whole ""my building is built weird"" thing."
They are much too easily distracted. They have no focus compared to the deadly chugging beast of a train that is Amazon. They might be prettier or fancier than Amazon, but they don't put nearly as much care into their long term business plans.
"Yodlee and Mint are good solutions if you don't mind your personal financial information being stored ""in the cloud"". I do, so I use Quicken. Quicken stores whatever you give to it for as long as you want: so the only question is how to get the credit card transactions you want into it? All my financial institutions allow me to view my credit card statements for a year back, and download them in a form Quicken can read. So you can have a record of your transactions from a year ago right now, and in a year you will have two year's worth."
Thanks for the info.  I am quite familiar with FAs and I definitely do not want to go that route.  I highly doubt I can get an equity research role considering my lack of real experience.  I was just trying to get an entry-level position and given my resume, I'm having a tough time doing even that :\  It's really unfortunate, I wish I articulate my experience to a hiring manager BEFORE they looked at my resume!
Christ, again with the fucking election. I don't believe I have mentioned who I voted for.   READ ALL OF MY POSTS LAYING OUT STUPID SHIT HE IS DOING. THEY ARE ALL IN THIS THREAD. YOU HAVE CONVENIENTLY IGNORED ALL THE THINGS I HAVE MENTIONED.   You really are just a huge fucking waste of space. Kill yourself, idiot.
Something really does seem seedy that if I invest $2500, that I'll make above 50k if the stock doubles. Is it really that easy? You only buy or sell on margin. Think of when the stock moves in the opposite direction. You will loose 50k. You probably didn't look into that. Investment will vanish and then you will have debt to repay. Holding for long term in CFD accounts are charged per day. Charges depends on different service providers. CFD isn't and should not be used for long term. It is primarily for trading in the short term, maybe a week at the maximum. Have a look at the wikipedia entry and educate yourself.
"First off, IANAL.  Secondly, most laws are different for humans and corporations.  But, insider trading is ""trading on knowledge that isn't publicly available."" If the trade was made after the order was made public knowledge, that would probably provide the fig leaf of legality."
"I feel like a lot of posts here are limited to US economics or go into detail only about US economics.   I'd like to see more posts about the economy from different countries; not just ""this is what US has been doing, and this is how it's going to affect so and so."""
"It wasn't a small hole in your suggestion.  You were proposing a major law which already exists.   The only anti-intellecutalism that went on here was on your part.  You could have simple said ""yeah, you are right.  my bad.  So what do you think of ideas X,Y, and Z"" and then we could have had a discussion about it.  Instead you have some sort of character flaw where getting you to acknowledge the underpinning of your argument is flawed is like pulling teeth."
"Not me, but this story was related to me.  Female manager having issues with developer.  Calls a meeting.  Shortly into the meeting developer says ""I can't do it this way.""  She thinks for a minute and it dawns on her...""You mean talking?""  Developer: ""Yes.  Send me an email."" and developer gets up and leaves."
I would go to the bank and just express the concern that the check sent to you might not fully clear. You don't want to spend it until you're sure it cleared. I'd ask for a manager to tell you when it will clear, then confirm after that date that it's cleared, with the same guy.  Perhaps someone in the industry can explain how long the bank has before deciding the check is bad. 10 days? 2 weeks? Really, it should either clear or bounce by the second night.  I'd not risk doing this for anyone. Anyone I know personally can cash their own check, and I'd not get involved with anyone I don't know on a financial matter like this. EDIT - See Littleadv comment below. Good checks clear fast, a forged check has time for the victim to go to the bank and challenge the signature and cashing of the check. The victim can have 60 days to do this. That's the issue, I am wrong, the bank manager couldn't confirm the check was good so soon.
"You have a very short memory and don't realize that Amazon is not different from any past retailers.  Do you remember that once there were mom-and-pops stores for each and any kind of goods?   Department stores came and killed most of those stores.  Supermarkets came (after the shopping cart was invented by Mr. Goldman) and killed most groceries.  Wal-Mart, Target, Kmart, etc came and killed many department stores and remaining stores in more remote areas.  Sears catalog and JCPenney catalog killed even more remote stores than Wal-Mart did.  CVS, Walgreen, Rite Aid, etc came and killed all the pharmacies. No more pharmacies.  Chains that sell electronics (e.g. Circuit City) killed all the ""electric"" stores, fashion chains (e.g. GAP) killed all the boutique clothing stores, etc.  Franchises killed almost all independent restaurants (McDonald, Cracker Barrel, etc)   Costco and Price Club came and killed many supermarkets.  Do you get it now?  Amazon is just one step in the cycle.  10 years from now, 3D printers will kill most furniture stores and home goods stores. Amazon will have to fight against ""We print what you need when you need it"" versus their old module ""we ship ready made items we stock in warehouses and put in boxes""."
Silly poppets, still don't know how the US economy works.  1. US $1 Trillion: from mining operation in Afghan President Ghani's ass 2. US $1.5 Trillion: from assets captured during war with Canada 3. US $2 Trillion: from Profits made from Feds Successful Sale of Aaa Toxic assets to the American people 4. US $0.5 Trillion: selling Dud F-35s to Nato partners 5. US $ Small change and then some:  from Tips given during Presidential Lap dances for AIPAC and Knesset members on their semi stiff members   This bill has been designated  #FNIC  Final nail in coffin
Đối với các Nhà đâu tư Vốn lớn và có yêu cầu đa dạng về lợi nhuận tương xứng với rủi ro, jimmy cung cấp các dịch vụ Ủy thác đầu tư như sau: 1- Lợi nhuận 3.5%/tháng. Rủi ro: đơn vị đảm trách chịu hoàn toàn. Phí 5%/lợi nhuận. 2- Lợi nhuận và rủi ro được chia đều cho cả 2 bên. Phí 5%/lợi nhuận. 3- Lợi nhuận 10%/tháng. Rủi ro: 10%/tháng. Phí 5%/lợi nhuận. 4- Lợi nhuận 30%/tháng. Rủi ro: 10%/tháng. Phí 30%/lợi nhuận. 5- Lợi nhuận 50%/tháng. Rủi ro: 10%/tháng. Phí 50%/lợi nhuận. 6- Lợi nhuận 30%/tuần. Rủi ro: 25%/tuần. Phí 10%/lợi nhuận. 7- Lợi nhuận 50%/tuần. Rủi ro: 25%/tuần. Phí 30%/lợi nhuận. 8- Lợi nhuận 100%/tuần. Rủi ro: 25%/tuần. Phí 50%/lợi nhuận.
I'm the contrarian in the crowd. I think credit scores and debt are the closest thing to evil incarnate. You're in good company. The absence of a credit score simply means the agencies have insufficient data in their behavioral model to determine how profitable your business would be to the bank. The higher your score, the more likely the bank is to make a profit from your loan.  IMHO, you're better off building up cash and investment reserves than a credit history. With sufficient reserves,  you will be able to shop around for a bank that will give you a good rate, if you ever do need a loan.  You'll be surprised at how quickly you get in a position where you don't need a loan if you save and invest wisely. I used to have a (high) credit score,  and I was miserable about it because there were always bills due. I gave up debt 14 years ago, paid the last debt 7 years ago, and have never. been happier. Raising kids without debt (or credit score) is much more fun than with debt.
The best investment is always in yourself and increasing your usable skills. If you invest the money in expanding your skills, it won't matter what the economy does, you will always be useful.
Insurance - get estimate from an insurance agent who works with policies for commercial real estate.  See comments below regarding incorporation. Taxes - if this was basic income for a simple LLC, estimating 25-40% and adjusting over time might work.  Rental property is a whole different prospect.  Financial experts who specialize in rental properties would be a good source of advice, and worth the cost.  See below regarding incorporating. Real estate appreciation - not something you can count on for developed property.  Appreciation used to be almost guaranteed to at least keep up with inflation.  Now property values are not even guaranteed to go up.  Never have been but the general rule was improved real estate in good repair appreciated in price.  Even if property values increase over time, rental properties depreciate.  In fact, for rental properties, you can claim a certain rate of depreciation over time as an expense on taxes.  This depreciation could mean selling for less than you paid for the property after a number of years, and owing capital gains taxes, since you would owe the difference between the depreciated value and the sale price. Related to taxes are local codes.  Some areas require you to have a property management license to handle buildings with more than a certain number of units. If you are going to own rental properties, you should protect your private financial life by incorporating.  Form a company.  The company will own the property and hire any maintenance people or property managers or security staff or any similar employment activities.  The company takes out the insurance and pays taxes.  The company can pay you a salary.  So, bottom line, you can have the company pay all the expenses and take all the risks.  Then, assuming there's any money left after expenses, the company can pay you a manager's salary.  That way if the worst happens and a tenant breaks their hip in the shower and sues you for ONE MILLION DOLLARS and wins, the company folds and you walk away.  You might even consider two companies.  One to own the property and lease it to a property management company.  The property management company can then go bankrupt in case of some sort of liability issue, in which case you still keep the property, form a new management company, repaint and rename the property and move on. TL;DR:  Get insurance advice from insurance agent before you buy.  Same for taxes from an accountant.  Get trained as a property manager if your local codes require it (might be a good idea anyway).  Incorporate and have the company take all the risks.
I'm pretty sure it's easy to tell in hindsight if they were leaving.  Just look at the companies who started outsourcing.  Not just to Mexico but the world over.    It was roughly a 30% tariff that was a barrier.  If I made 100K a year off of my manufacturing business, that isn't so bad.  But then I notice that the average Mexican in manufacturing today makes slightly over $2 an hour on average.  I can pay one American $8 an hour, or I can pay 4 Mexicans $8 an hour combined.  Assuming I have the capital (tools) I can go south, quadruple my production, cut my labor cost, and still come out ahead with this tariff.  If 1 person makes 10 widgets (sold for $10 each) an hour, I can settle for either 10 widgets with one American for $8 or I can have 40 widgets with 4 Mexicans for $8.  By my math, 1 hour of American widgets makes me $100 (minus 8% for the American wage).  1 hour of Mexican widgets makes me $280 (minus 2.9% for Mexicans wage) after tariffs.    A 30% tariff is nothing.  Anyone that thinks that was standing in the way of anyone leaving is foolish.  It is true that it may make people second guess, up until the point they look at how much more profit they will return.  And of course it makes it easier for them when there is no tariff, but it is also true you are ultimately better off as a consumer when there are no tariffs.
I feel sports gambling is just as efficient as the stock market. The only difference is variance really. The patriots could be favored by 7 and win by 24. Or they could lose by 3. Anything could happen in sports. I feel a better niche is in competitive video game gambling. Like tennis, skill is a much larger factor in most esports. The favored team will win more often than in American football. Also with the relatively small amount of bettors and those who bet having limited knowledge of the esport, there can be much more advantageous odds for betting. Imo.
"In this answer, I won't elaborate on the possibilities of fraud (or pure human error), because something can always go wrong. I will, however, explain why I think you should always keep receipts. When the (monthly or so) time comes to pay your credit card bill, your credit card company sends you a list of transactions. That list has two primary purposes, both of which I would consider equally important: While for the former item, a receipt is not necessary (though it certainly does not hurt showing the receipt along with the bill to provide further proof that the payment was indeed connected to that bill), the latter point does require you to store the receipts so you can check, item-by-item, whether each of the sums is correct (and matched with a receipt at all). So, unless you can actually memorize all the credit card transactions you did throughout the past one or two months, the receipts are the most convenient way of keeping that information until the bill arrives. Yes, your credit card company probably has some safeguards in place to reveal fraud, which might kick in in time (the criteria are mostly heuristical, it seems, with credit cards or legitimate transactions here getting blocked every now and then simply because some travelling of the actual owner was misinterpreted as theft). However, it is your money, it is your responsibility to discover any issues with the bill, just as you would check the monthly transaction list from your bank account line by line. Ultimately, that is why you sign the vendor copy of the receipt when buying something offline; if you discover an issue in your list of transactions, you have to notify your credit card company that you dispute one of the charges, and then the charging vendor has to show that they have your signature for the respective transaction. So, to summarize: Do keep your receipts, use them to check the list of transactions before paying your credit card bill. EDIT: The receipt often cannot be replaced with the bill from the vendor. The bill is useful for seeing how the sum charged by the respective vendor was created, but in turn, such bills often do not contain any payment information, or (when payment was concluded before the bill was printed, as sometimes happens in pre-paid scenarios such as hotel booking) nondescript remarks such as ""- PAYMENT RECEIVED -"", without any further indication of which one of your credit cards, debit cards, bank accounts, stored value cards, or cash was used."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-27/bezos-surpasses-gates-as-world-s-richest-ahead-of-amazon-results) reduced by 72%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; 92 at 10:10 a.m. in New York, giving Bezos a net worth of $90.9 billion, versus $90.7 billion for Gates.  &gt; Amazon leads the cloud-computing industry, but faces increasing competition from Microsoft and Google parent Alphabet Inc. Amazon is expected to post quarterly revenue of $37.2 billion, a 22 percent jump from a year earlier, according to the average estimate of 34 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, and earnings per share of $1.42.  &gt; Bezos owns about 17 percent of Seattle-based Amazon, which has surged 40 percent this year through Wednesday, helping to add $24.5 billion to his net worth.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6pxpl4/jeff_bezos_surpasses_bill_gates_as_worlds_richest/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~177112 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Amazon**^#1 **billion**^#2 **percent**^#3 **retail**^#4 **Inc.**^#5"
Taking as given that your definition of VA involves selling at intermediate times, your question can be made more general.  After all, value averaging is just one special case of a portfolio that rebalances to target weights periodically. Do back-end fees (and front-end fees) harm the value of portfolios that require rebalancing?  The answer is yes, they do.  Those fees are put in place in order to prevent investors from redeeming shares over any but the longest horizons.  Any portfolio that rebalances periodically will involve some periodic selling.  If you invest in a fund with front-end or back-end fees, it is optimal to leave your money in it for as long as possible and not do any rebalancing. If you want to run a portfolio that is at all active (involves rebalancing), then it is probably wise to use no-load funds. These are often some of the best and cheapest funds anyway, but even if front or back end load funds have a lower expense ratio, you will likely lose money on those loads as you rebalance.
Also keep note - some companies have a combined CEO/Chairman of the board role. While he/she would not be allowed to negotiate contracts or stock plans, some corporate governance analysts advocate for the separation of the roles to remove any opportunity for the CEO to unduly influence the board.  This could be the case for dysfunctional boards. However, the alternate camps will say that the combined role has no negative effect on shareholder returns.   SEC regulations require companies to disclose negotiations between the board and CEO (as well as other named executives) for contracts, employee stock plans, and related information. Sometimes reading the proxy statement to find out, for example, how many times the board meets a year, how many other boards a director serves on, and if the CEO sits on any other board (usually discouraged to serve on more than 2) will provide some insight into a well-run (or not well-run) board.
"There are some index funds out there like this - generally they are called ""equal weight"" funds.  For example, the Rydex S&P Equal-Weight ETF.  Rydex also has several other equal weight sector funds"
Another tip I'd add, know what happened recently in sports before your interview. It may sound random but a lot of finance people are big into sports. I can't tell you the number of times bringing up sports has made a connection with someone I am either interviewing or interviewing with.
There are a number of ways trading stocks is easier than commodities: But the main and most important reason is that over long periods stocks in general will tend to outperform inflation as you are investing money in enterprises that generally try to become more productive over time.  Whereas commodities in the long term tend to rise only at the pace of inflation (this is kind of the definition of inflation actually).  So even uninformed investors that pick stocks at random will generally do better than someone doing the same in commodities even before the higher commodities trading fees are taken into account. Also your orange example may be harder than you think.  Once the news that a drought is an issue the price of oranges will almost immediately change well before the oranges come to market!  So unless you can predict the drought before anyone else can you won't be able to make money this way.
"I will add one thought on to this thread.  This is a financial concept called ""Net Present Value"".  In plain English, it means ""What's the best use for your money right now?"" So, let's say you have an extra €300/month which is not being spent on living expenses. If you leave that money under your pillow (or spend it on beer or fancy electronics!) instead of paying off your startersloan early, that is costing you 300*(0.04/12) per month, every month.  So €1/month, or €12/year.  This is cumulative for the life of your loan.  So not paying €300 this month will ultimately cost you €120 assuming you keep the loan open for 10 years.  If you're saying ""pay my debts or spend the money on a snappy smartphone?"" the answer is that you should pay your debts. Now, here's the important part.  Let's suppose you have a better use for the money than beer or electronics.  Let's suppose you have a mutual fund which will reliably provide you with a return of 10% a year. If you put that €300/month into a high-yield fund, and if the returns are consistent, you are STILL paying that €12/year (because you invested elsewhere and didn't pay your debts), but you are realizing profits of 300*(0.1/12)=€2.5/month on the invested money.  €2.5-1=€1.5/month, which is a net gain.  So, in some cases, paying off your debt may not be the best use of your money. There are a number of other questions involved which are related to your exposure to capital gains taxes, incentives or disincentives for holding debt, &c. &c.  These are generally country specific.  A poster above who seems to be familiar with Netherlands law did a good explanation of some of those incentives.  I'm in the US, and our incentive and disincentive system is different. TL;DR:  It depends."
I'm assuming you're in Germany or Europe based on your question, but here's an American's perspective that should pertain you you as well: Once you have a steady income and an emergency fund large enough to keep you from going bankrupt, then start learning about retirement and investment options.
If you plan to keep this asset for ten years then you can take the deprecation of its cost over that time period. For simplicity lets treat that as 120 monthly payments. So at a purchase price of $60,000 you are committing around $500 per month not including vehicle maintenance. I typically allocate around 20 percent of the purchase price of my vehicles for future maintenance costs. Since you have the cash to purchase this outright you have an option not afforded to most people. This adds for additional consideration. Here is an example.  You purchase a $60,000 car and put $10,000 down. You finance $50,000 at 2.84% over 60 months. Your total finance cost is $53,693 if you do not miss any payments. The question here is can you make more than $3,693 on the $50,000 that you would retain in this situation over a five year period? I know that I most certainly can and is an excellent example of why I finance my vehicles. Obviously this all goes out the window if you do not have the credit for top rates.  I have also negotiated a vehicle maintenance plan with the dealership at the time of my vehicle purchases. Most dealerships offer this service, the key here is negotiating. On my last truck I was able to get an all inclusive maintenance policy for 72 months for 8% of the purchase price. Your mileage will vary with manufacturer and dealership. As described in the comments above it is never beneficial for an individual to lease. You end up paying more for the newer models. I consider that to be a lifestyle choice as it is most certainly not a sound financial decision.
"##Cato Institute The Cato Institute is an American libertarian think tank headquartered in Washington, D.C. It was founded as the Charles Koch Foundation in 1974 by Ed Crane, Murray Rothbard, and Charles Koch, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of the conglomerate Koch Industries. In July 1976, the name was changed to the Cato Institute. Cato was established to have a focus on public advocacy, media exposure and societal influence. According to the 2014 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report (Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program, University of Pennsylvania), Cato is number 16 in the ""Top Think Tanks Worldwide"" and number 8 in the ""Top Think Tanks in the United States"". Cato also topped the 2014 list of the budget-adjusted ranking of international development think tanks.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.2"
"Realize that some friends are a bad influence, and maybe aren't really ""friends"". Don't be afraid to say ""sorry, I can't make it tonight"".  Don't be afraid to go out shopping and not buy anything.  Make sure they know why (Too much Credit Card Debit, saving for a house, etc).  If your habits suddenly change with no explanation, they may think you are dissing them.  But if you explain your reasons, they will probably support you (if they are real friends).  In fact, they probably have the same money issues.   Suggest lower-cost alternatives to hanging out.  Instead of going out, suggest they come over to your place and watch a movie, play board games, Wii, etc.  You can have snacks at your place.  Alcohol is a lot cheaper when you pour it yourself!"
I can't even bring myself to list how MANY times your statement has been disproved by actual scientists. Regardless of amount it is still very dangerous, specially if you are subjected to it multiple times a year. It just adds to the already high levels from flying.  Also, isn't limited but not as common as you are lead to believe.
"It costs money for a mutual fund to accept your money. It doesn't cost as much as it used to, but historically there has been, at a minimum, a modicum of record-keeping associated with it. As such, they will typically have a minimum amount of money they want you to add at a time. They don't want to process 100 transfers of a nickel each; that would be silly. So if you have a mutual fund with a ""minimum initial investment"" of $10,000 and a ""minimum subsequent investment"" of $100, then that means that you can put in $10k to open it, and then deposit dollars in lots of 100 or more whenever you feel like it."
I don't think Xero Personal does. I have my bank account in there, but since there's no automatic feed for the bank I use I imported it manually. I entered the bank by hand, so I think you could use it without listing a bank account at all.
Make sure your spouse qualifies as a first-time homebuyer as well, if   you are married and buying the property together. Each of you may take   $10,000 from your traditional IRAs. Source: Link in your question - http://www.wikihow.com/Buy-a-Home-With-IRA-Money
One of the best things you can do for this purpose, while getting a modest ROI on a passive investment, is invest in a company that profitably does whatever you want to see more of. For example, you could invest in a for-profit company that sells needed goods to low-income people at lower prices.  Something like Wal-Mart, which is one of the most effective anti-poverty engines in the US.  You might also say the same of something like Aldi (owner of Aldi stores and Trader Joe's), which is a discount store chain.  This is true even though a company like Wal-Mart is seeking to make money first.  Its customer base tends to skew heavily towards low-income consumers, and historically to rural and elderly consumers.  When Wal-Mart is able to provide food, clothing, appliances and the like to poor people at a lower cost, it is making it marginally less painful to have a low income. Peter Suderman can explain why Wal-Mart is a humanitarian enterprise: Walmart’s customer base is heavily concentrated in the bottom income quintile, which spends heavily on food. The bottom income quintile spends about 25 percent of income on food compared to just 3.5 percent for the top quintile. So the benefits of Walmart’s substantially lower prices to the lowest earning cohort are huge, especially on food. As Suderman points out, this view of Wal-Mart dramatically lowering prices that low-income people pay for food was corroborated by an Obama adviser. That's just one company.  You can pick the industry and company that best suits your personal preferences. Alternatively, you could invest in something like Whole Foods, a company with multiple missions to improve the planet and the community, in addition to the more typical mission of being a prosperous retail chain. Of course, as a general proposition, a less than entirely altruistic, charity-inclined investment doesn't need to be targeted at those with low incomes or at saving the planet.  You could invest in almost anything you think is good (yachts, yo-yos, violins, energy production, industrial inputs, music performances) and the company will take care of making more of that good thing.  You didn't say whether your goal was to help the poor, the planet, arts, sciences, knowledge, community, or whatever. What I understand you to be saying is you are willing to accept a lower ROI in exchange for some warm-fuzzies from your investment.  That seems perfectly valid and reasonable to me, but it makes it much more subjective and particular to your tastes.  So you'll need to pick something that's meaningful to you.  If you're going to trade ROI for positive feelings, then you should pick whatever gives you your optimal blend of emotions and returns. Alternatively, you could invest in something stable and predictable to beat inflation (some sort of index or fund) and then annually use some portion of those profits to simply give to the charity of your choice.  Your investment and your charity do not necessarily need to be the same vehicle.
Yes, nepotism is rampant everywhere, but these examples are not comparable to the likes of Samsung. Samsung is a large portion of Korean GDP. East Asian corporations do nepotism in a way that Trump could only dream. This has a lot to do with modern Confucianism.
"So you are saying the game is rigged.  You said that the average raise has to be 4% and that is pre-decided.  So that means the game is rigged.  Also you discussed good and bad managers.  Well over 90% of managers I have had were horrible.   The good ones were great but they were few and far between.  Also you mentioned about how money is not everything.  The reason money is not everything is because the employees know they are not gonna get any more money.  So that is why they settle for ""casual friday"" and other bullshit perks."
"Personally, I use my credit cards for everything because I get reward points (or, cash back, depending on the card), and I build credit history. I've had credit cards since I was 18 (now 22), and my credit score is in the higher end 700s which I'm told is pretty good for my age. Additionally, since I put my rent and large purchases on my credit card, I have a lot of reward points. I use these to buy things I wouldn't normally buy to try them out and see if they bring any value into my life. If not, I didn't really lose anything, but I have found value in some of those things. I realize most of this is gamification and consumerism at play, but getting that extra little thing once in a while for ""free"" which is pretty nice."
"You didn't have a situation of ""excess contribution"". If you have proof that someone in Fidelity actually told you what you said, you might try to recover some of your losses through a lawsuit. However, their first (and main) defense would be that they're not in the business of providing tax advice, and it is your problem that you asked random person a tax question, and then acted on an incorrect answer. By the way, that only goes to say that anything you might read here you should, as well, take with a grain of salt. The only one who can give you a tax advice is a licensed tax professional. I explained it in details in my blog post, but in short - it is either an EA (Enrolled Agent, with the IRS credentials), or a CPA (Certified Public Accountant) or Attorney licensed in your State. Back to your question - ""Excess Contribution"" to a IRA is when you contribute in excess to the limits imposed. For Traditional IRA in 2012 the limit was $5000. You contributed $4000 - this means that you were not in excess. There's nothing they can ""correct"", the 1099-R you got seems to be correct and in order. What you did have was a case of non-deductible contribution. Non-deductible contribution to your IRA should have been reported to the IRS on form 8606. Non-deductible contribution creates basis in your IRA. Withdrawals from your IRA are prorated to the relation of your basis to your total value, and the taxable amount is determined based on that rate. It is, also, calculated using form 8606. So in short - you should have filed a form 8606 with your 2012 tax return declaring non-deductible IRA and creating $4000 basis, and then form 8606 with your 2013 tax return calculating which portion of the $4000 you withdrew is non-taxable. If your total IRA (in all accounts) was that $4000 - then nothing would be taxable. Talk to a tax adviser, you might need to amend your 2012 return (or send the 2012 form separately, if possible), and then do some math on your 2013 return. If 60 days haven't passed, you might want to consider depositing the $4000 in a Roth IRA and perform what is called ""Conversion""."
The prices would only rise proportionally if labor was the only cost at play and everyone made minimum wage.  If you look at major expenses such as rent, gas, utilities and food there is literally no reason to conclude their prices would change proportionally to minimum wage.
"In the US, stocks are listed on one exchange but can be traded on multiple venues.  You need to confirm exactly what your data is showing: a) trades on the primary-listed exchange; or b) trades made at any venue. Also, the trade condition codes are important.  Only certain trade condition codes contribute towards the day's open/high/low/close and some others only contribute towards the volume data.  The Consolidated Tape Association is very clear on which trades should contribute towards each value - but some vendors have their own interpretation (or just simply an erroneous interpretation of the specifications). It may surprise you to find that the majority of trading volume for many stocks is not on their primary-listed exchange.  For example, on 2 Mar 2015, NASDAQ:AAPL traded a total volume across all venues was 48096663 shares but trading on NASDAQ itself was 12050277 shares. Trades can be cancelled.  Some data vendors do not modify their data to reflect these busted trades.   Some data vendors also ""snapshot"" their feed at a particular point in time of the data.  Some exchanges can provide data (mainly corrections) 4-5 hours after the closing bell.  By snapshotting the data too early and throwing away any subsequent data is a typical cause of data discrepancies.   Some data vendors also round prices/volumes - but stocks don't just trade to two decimal places. So you may well be comparing two different sets of trades (with their own specific inclusion rules) against the same stock.  You need to confirm with your data sources exactly how they do things. Disclosure: Premium Data is an end-of-day daily data vendor."
"There should be no affect on your taxes. If you profit on the sale of a home, it does not matter whether you own the home fully or not. Selling a house with a mortgage on it will usually incur fees, ""like mortgage processing fees"". Paying off the mortgage is preferable because that will make the sale easier. When a bank is involved then they will function in the closing as a 3rd or 4th party, making everything more complicated. Not only that, they will charge you fees, for making them sit through a closing. The bank will require a lawyer. Guess who pays for their lawyer? You do. When you pay off a mortgage, none of this happens. You just pay the mortgage and the bank goes away. There are no lawyers and no fees. This makes it easier to sell the house and gives you full control over the sale."
I live in MA. Median price value here is $410K. Depending on location a $410K house here can be a ranch from 1950 needing a complete overhaul, a 1970's split level, a 4 bedroom Colonial in Central MA or a condo somewhere close to Boston. These homes are decidedly nothing special, and certainly not where the 1% live. There are plenty of houses that list in the $750s in my town that go on and off the market really quickly, generally purchased by a two-earner family making decent (but not 1%er) money. Think engineers, doctors, sales and marketing execs, managers.   Source : https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2017/07/25/median-home-price-massachusetts-tops-for-first-time/rVsP7BwWZCtKwP9BqZQOKJ/story.html
Early on, one might not be able to get credit for their business. For convenience, and the card perks, it makes sense to use the personal card. But for sake of a clean paper trail, I'd choose 1 card and use it exclusively, 100% for the business. Not one card here, one card there.
I remember walking into Sears with every intention of buying an expensive TV.  I waited for 15 minutes for an employee to notice me and come help.  Nothin'.  I kept catching their eye and giving the eyebrows-raised, hey-can-you-help-me smile.  Nothin'.  I ended up walking out and going to London Drugs, of all places, where the staff was super helpful.
All Bank fees were included in the service tax ambit [For example Check bounce, issue of duplicate statement, fees charged for remittance etc]. However as quite a few Banks structured the Remittance Business to show less charges and cover the difference in the Fx rate involved, the Govt has redone the service tax and one needs to pay Rs 120 for an amount of Rs 100,000.  There is no way to avoid service tax on remittance if you are using a remittance service.
Many good sources on YouTube that you can find easily once you know what to look for.  Start following the stock market, present value / future value, annuities &amp; perpetuities, bonds, financial ratios, balance sheets and P&amp;L statements, ROI, ROA, ROE, cash flows, net present value and IRR, forecasting, Monte Carlo simulation (heavy on stats but useful in finance), the list goes on.  If you can find a cheap textbook, it'll help with the concepts.  Investopedia is sometimes useful in learning concepts but not really on application.  Khan Academy is a good YouTube channel.  The Intelligent Investor is a good foundational book for investing.  There are several good case studies on Harvard Business Review to practice with.  I've found that case studies are most helpful in learning how to apply concept and think outside the box.  Discover how you can apply it to aspects of your everyday life.  Finance is a great profession to pursue.  Good luck on your studies!
when you have a problem, the first person you call is usually incompetent. They can't solve your problem, and you can tell they are trying to get off the phone just so you are not their problem any more.    obviously not everyone can be an omniscient senior engineer, but please ensure you have an effective escalation process.
It's not about who would win a conflict. It's about how easy to control they are.  The entire might of the american military can't defeat a third world, sub 85 IQ militia given 15 years. Why do you think it would be easier to defeat a civil insurrection?
"Is english not your first language? I'm not trying to be rude i just want to understand if the difficulty in communicating with you comes from a language barrier or something else.  Finance and accounting knowledge are things people go to university for years for, just to learn the basics to get in the door. What you're asking requires years of experience and earned expertise.  The expectation that you can just post here with some questions and suddenly have enough of a grasp to become a decision maker with respect to these situations is borderline offensive to professionals like myself.  Either you need this knowledge for a practical application, or an academic pursuit. It seems to be the latter given your previous message. There are textbooks dedicated to what you're asking about, if you are really serious about learning then go pick them up and put in the hours necessary just like anyone else. Otherwise stop wasting peoples time on here.  If you have one or two small questions to help clarify something you've been self studying that's fine, but honestly coming on here and asking ""how can a company issue bonds and what are bonds is it like a mortgage"" is absolutely a waste of time and reeks of laziness on your part."
Not really.  In a metro area that might have the demographics to justify two Hollister stores, six were built.  The kind of growth we saw with these fad retailers in the 2000s is unsustainable and this was bound to happen.  Changing fads is the root of it, with ecommerce not helping anything.
&gt; IMHO the best model would be to allow students to access resources in isolation then arrange a catch-up class with a facilitator to encourage discussion.   Yes, more or less.  Back to the original topic: in other areas, the use of robots must be restricted, or not allowed, or taxed, or must be always supervised by a human.  Examples:   1. No robot allowed: customer service (talking and handling customer requests and inquiries), medicine (a human doctor must see you), teaching in class.   2. Robot must be supervised: robotic soldiers in the army, robotic repair crews, robotic maintenance crews, robotic construction crews, etc.  3. Robot must be taxed: manufacturing, menial work  4. Restrictions: Robots can cook and serve in restaurants, but cannot handle the management of the restaurant.
"&gt; You ever watched a 5 minute snap story?  No....  This is one of those companies following a trend, that isn't really a trend in the first place it is just a bunch of marketing, and then the people who follow that ""trend"" have no money, and already have cameras in their phone.   The market they are going after literally buys cheap knock off or unbranded £10 glasses, because they have no money."
A limescale inhibitor is a unit which doesn't physically expel Calcuim from the water, yet stops the limescale from making harm funnels, boilers, tanks, showers, clothes washers and make cleaning less demanding. The enormous issue the business has with limescale inhibitors is the measure of fake limescale inhibitors available. We are continually expelling wire wrap around limescale inhibitors and rather introducing our own particular notable units. This will then straightaway give the client the insurance and results that they merit.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/24/science/medicaid-cutbacks-elderly-nursing-homes.html) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A combination of longer life spans and spiraling health care costs has left an estimated 64 percent of the Americans in nursing homes dependent on Medicaid.  &gt; While most Medicaid enrollees are children, pregnant women and nonelderly adults, long-term services such as nursing homes account for 42 percent of all Medicaid spending - even though only 6 percent of Medicaid enrollees use them.  &gt; Major Medicaid cuts would compel Dogwood Village to cut staff, supplies and amenities - changes that would affect the quality of care for all residents, not just those on Medicaid.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6jeblb/medicaid_cuts_may_force_retirees_out_of_nursing/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~152134 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Medicaid**^#1 **home**^#2 **nursing**^#3 **care**^#4 **state**^#5"
"5-8 years is not quite long term.  Until the naughts (the 2001-10 decade), advisors were known to say that the S&P was always positive given a 10 year holding period. Now, we're saying 15 years is always positive looking back.  One can easily pull S&P return data which would let you run numbers showing the range of returns for the 5-8 yr period you have in mind. A bit of extra effort and you can include the dollar cost averaging factor.  This wouldn't produce a guarantee, but a statistical range of expected returns over your time horizon. Then a decision like ""with a 1/4 chance of losing 25% of my money, should I stay with this plan?"" This is just an example. The numbers for 1900-2014 look like this -  In any 5 year period, an average return of 69.2% (note 1.69 means a 69% gain). Of the 111 5 year periods, 14 were negative with the worst being a 46% loss. I maintain 5 years is not really long term, but the risk is relatively low of being in the red."
"Assuming you are talking about an LLC in the United States, there are no tax repercussions on the LLC itself, because LLCs use pass-through taxation in the U.S., meaning that the LLC does not pay taxes. Whatever you take out of the LLC in the form of distributions goes onto your personal income tax as ordinary income, and you pay personal income tax on it.  See this link on the subject from the Nolo.com web site: Tax treatment of an LLC from the Nolo.com web site Repayment of your loan by the LLC would just be another business expense for the business itself.  I guess the question would then turn on what your personal tax repercussion would be for payments received from the LLC on the loan.  I would guess (and I emphasize ""guess"") that you would pay tax on any interest gain from the loan payments, which makes the assumption you made the loan to include interest.  If not (in other words, if you made this an interest-free loan) then it would be considered a wash for tax purposes and you would have no tax liability for yourself. To reiterate, the LLC (if it is a U.S.. entity) does not pay taxes.  Taxation of LLC income is based on whatever distributions the principals take out of it, which is then claimed as taxable personal income. My apologies to littleadv for not making my prior answer (I deleted it) more clear about my answer assuming you were speaking of a U.S.-chartered LLC. I hope this helps. Good luck!"
"Each individual situation merits a fresh approach.  Working in venture capital, I've learned that the weights are always shifting and taking a ""one size fits all"" approach to business is probably the most foolish thing one can do."
I view it as a “zero sum game” from the perspective of the customer. Don’t tell me that my meal is $25 when EVERYONE KNOWS that it’s actually, $25 + $5 tip = $30. Just make the menu price $30 and pay people properly. It’s the exact same cost for a customer. Then, if a tip is left, it is truly a tip for the worker(s) and not the majority of their earnings.   And before anyone chimes in to tell me that servers like to tax-dodge on their unreported earnings... Yeah, so would we all. In the same way that we’d never pay a Doctor, Accountant, Soldier, or Teacher a fraction of their pay and then hope that the people they serve were in a good mood to give them a little something extra, neither should we do this to tipped workers.
We specialize in the events and wedding parties producing newness photo booths &amp; other equipment for fun purposes using high technology. Our organization has a wedding photographer in USA. A contract should also include a copy of the photographer's terms and conditions and this must be visible to the clients before they sign the contract. The professional companies or as individual freelancers and you can select from any one of these. Some couples tend to look at the cheaper affordable photographers to serve at the lucky occasion.
"Is this subreddit anti-MBA? I think this notion written by the author is nothing new. It's been said a hundred times by those in the valley and has been regurgitated by thousands more who are not really sure why they are saying it.   Personally I think when you make such a comment or even support it you need to think about the industry the person wishes to enter. If they are going for something in the tech industry, fine, I'm not going to argue against that because that industry is build on matchsticks that seems to run around ridiculous business models aimed at fast exits.  Did I offend someone in the tech industry with that comment...I hope so.  Now if you're going into other fields that require some serious capital (e.g., medical, energy, telecommunications) then the chances that the person running the company doesn't have some sort of advanced degree is very, very small these days. Notice I said these days.  Chances are that person will have an MBA.    I have met scores of C-suite folks in these startups in the hotspots of this country and find it ridiculously rare for anyone to not have an MBA or equivalent experience leading a company that has acquired investment.  That only exists in the tech industry, and even the founders are generally replaced by more experienced personnel.  This notion of being against advanced degrees is ridiculous and not supported by any data whatsoever. Everyone always hones in on the ""success"" stories of entrepreneurs who were able to do it, but what folks fail to realize is those stories are a tiny fraction of the entrepreneurs who are able to lead a company through it's development.   Long story short...if an entrepreneur is looking for serious capital in a non-tech related industry they will need to have an MBA (or advanced degree) and/or years of experience in the industry before any investor will take them seriously. If they don't then the investors will request that they do bring on someone who does per the terms of the agreement."
401k choices are awful because: The best remedy I have found is to roll over to an IRA when changing jobs.
I'm also self employed. Your circumstances may be different, but my accountant told me there was no reason to pay more than 100% of last years' taxes. (Even if this years' earnings are higher.) So I divide last year by 4 and make the quarterlies. As an aside, I accidentally underpaid last year (mis-estimated), and the penalty was much smaller than I expected.
The 3.7% annual increase is probably a little high. Current averages are about 2.8-3%. This leads to the final numbers being a bit inflated, but it still gets the point across. I know too many people my age that aren't invested, yet have not insignificant savings.
"&gt; So the fact that i was born here against my own free will automatically gives the government the right to seize the fruits of my labor?  Yes, in the same way that being born to parents living in a clean house means you are going to make your bed, pick up your clothes, and mow the lawn...   &gt; ""well just leave then!""   Well, yes. It is either that, or change the laws.   &gt; Which is fucking stupid and in pretty sure I already gave you 1 way but I'll say it again cuz it's clear you're incapable of following along  For someone who is so sure that they have ""*THE* answer"" you sure are defensive. It is quite possible that I have had a discussion over the SAME topic over the last 5 days with a *bunch* of people because so many people got butt hurt that I enjoy paying my taxes, and feel it is a patriotic duty because of all the good it does.   &gt; federal sales tax  So federal sales tax is your big secret? I would actually be fine with it, as long as it took into account those that are currently not paying income tax due to poverty or disability.  &gt; That's why you see countries like Sweden with insane tax rates seeing limited growth and in a lot of cases on the verge of an economic collapse.   I have lived in Europe for a number of years. I was in Germany last year, I will be in Spain next week. If you think that strong tax policy makes a country economically weak, then you have not actually lived in any of these countries, have you?   Sweden is currently ranked 11th in the world for [GDP per capita](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(nominal)_per_capita). Matter of fact, the only country in the top ten of that list that don't have a strong tax policy is Qatar - and that is only because of ridiculous oil money. Would like to see where they sit in two years.   Sweden last year had an [economic growth rate of 4.1%](http://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2016/11/14/111716Sweden-Great-Economic-Performance-but-Mind-the-Debt). More than 3 times what the growth rate in the US was, at [1.6% for 2016](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/u-s-economic-growth-slowed-in-2016-to-1-9/). It was ranked [#34 in the world for economic growth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_real_GDP_growth_rate), just under your Bahamas with their no income tax, no estate or wealth tax, but well above the US at 47. The IMF matter of fact said their economy was ""in good health and growing robustly""... So, not sure where you are getting your facts from, but may want to think again. I would recommend that you actually go visit a couple of these ""tax hellholes"" and see for yourself how ""crushed"" by their taxes these poor victims of government ""theft"" are..."
You don't need a credit score. After I paid off my house mortgage many years ago I had this discussion with my mortgage agent (now bank VP). Your credit score is not a measure your ability to repay. It is a behavioral model and a statistical measure of the likelihood that the banks will make money off of you when they give you a loan, and a marketing tool that the banking industry uses to sell you long term and short term debt (mortgages and credit cards). Statistically speaking, people who close out major loans change their behaviors, and the model captures this change in behavior. In my own case, even though I have a credit history and sufficient cash is the bank to buy my next home outright, I have no credit score . What the model says is that people with my behavioral profile are not likely to take a loan, and if they did take one, they would pay it back so quickly that the bank would not even recoup the cost of initiating the loan. In short, people with my profile are bad news for the loans side of the bank. Thanks @quid for suggesting I capture this and post it as an answer
There are two components to any non-trivial financial decision:  Assuming that all things remain equal, borrowing money at a low rate while investing for a higher return is a no-brainer. The problem is, all things do not remain equal. For example: I think that you need to assess your position and preferences. I'd err on the side of being in less debt.
"I'd like to see a credible source for ""the highest"", but it's certainly fairly high. Household debt could be broadly categorized as debt for housing and debt for consumption. Housing prices seem very high compared to equivalent rental income.  This is generating a great deal of debt.  Keynes(?) said that ""if something cannot go on forever, it will stop.""  Just when it will stop, and whether it will stop suddenly or gradually is a matter of great interest.  Obviously there are huge vested interests, including the large fraction of the population who already own property and do not wish to see it fall.  Nobody really knows; my guess would be on a very-long-term plateau in nominal prices and decline in real prices. The Australian stock market is unlike the US: since it's a small country, a lot of the big companies are export-driven, either by directly exporting physical goods (miners, agriculture) or by FDI (property trusts, banks).  So a local recession will hurt the stock market, but not across the board.  A decline in the value of the Australian dollar would be very good news for some of these companies. Debt for consumption I think is the smaller fraction.  Arguably it's driven by a wealth effect of Australia having had a reasonably good crisis with low unemployment and increasing international purchasing power.  If this tops out, you'd expect to see reduced earnings for consumer discretionary companies."
I can't see the article. But you can totally sign away your right to sue. Arbitration agreements are used be so many companies to make it harder to sue them and are frequently upheld. Another example is settlement agreements. Now if there's no recourse or remedy there might be a legal problem (again I can't see the full article but I've seen the stuff trending on Reddit). But you can and probably have, at some point in your life unknowingly contracted away your right to sue. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean it's illegal.  Source: took the bar, worked in employment law
"Its both standard knowledge and contentious.  Its from the field of accounting (behavioural micro economics... ""I like money"" awareness) more than something pure economists  may be aware of per say.  Its only contentious because the media is dominated by liars who advocate for tax cuts not because it genuinely causes positive social economic benefits, but because it is free money to their sponsors."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/intellectual-property-21st-century-economy-by-joseph-e--stiglitz-et-al-2017-10) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The prize impedes the flow of knowledge, reduces the benefits derived from it, and distorts the economy.  &gt; The powerful advanced-economy lobbies that have shaped that regime clearly put the latter first, reflected in their opposition to provisions recognizing intellectual property rights associated with traditional knowledge or biodiversity.  &gt; Second, the &amp;quot;Weightless economy&amp;quot; - the economy of ideas, knowledge, and information - will account for a growing share of output, in developed and developing economies alike.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/77uff7/intellectual_property_for_the_twentyfirstcentury/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~232587 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **knowledge**^#1 **country**^#2 **economy**^#3 **developed**^#4 **Patent**^#5"
The contract is not very clear. As much as I can understand it will still help if you make part prepayments. In an Rule 78 or Actuarial method, the schedule is drawn up front and the break-up of interest and principal for each month is calculated ahead. At the beginning both the reducing balance method as well as Actuarial method will give the same schedule.  However in Actuarial method, if you make part prepayments, they get applied to the future principals, the interest are ignored. However the future interests are not reduced. Example: Say your schedule looks something like this; Monthly Payments say 100; Month | Principal | Interest 1 | 10 | 90 2 | 20 | 80 3 | 30 | 70 4 | 40 | 60 5 | 50 | 50 6 | 60 | 40 7 | 70 | 30 8 | 80 | 20 9 | 90 | 10 So lets say you have made 3 payments of 100, in the 4th month if you make 150 [in addition to 100], it would get applied to the principal of 4th, 5th and 6th month. So essentially you would save interest of 4th, 5th and 5th month. It would also reduce the total payments to 6. i.e. you will only have 7th, 8th, 9th due. The next payment you make of 100 will get applied to row 7. The disadvantage of this method over reducing balance is that the interest calculated for rows 7,8,9 don't change compared to reducing balance. However if you prepay in full, the unearned interest is calculated and returned as per the Actuarial Tables.
Bitcoin... up 100% in 2016, already 300% Q1,Q2 2017.  Has gone up 100x in the last 5 years, and conservative projections have it going up 50x next 10.  Not only is it not vulnerable to the instability in the world, it feeds on it.  Top investors include Marc Andreessen, Blythe Masters, and David Rutter, and just about every financial institution has at least wet their beak on it if not taken sizable positions.
You don't need a fictional markup for this to make good sense.  It's quite reasonable that a small software company would have different internal needs than any number of SMB verticals that they service.  The cost of an internal development effort to create a custom one-off version of their own software is probably significantly higher than the cost of just buying an established product that's a good fit.
All fair points, and I agree that there is no silver bullet. Perhaps it's human nature, maybe a product of our polarized ideologies, whatever, but I think you hit it on the head when you said that people treat their agenda as a perfect solution when, in reality, there is no such thing. Automation will kill jobs, livable wage is variable, not everyone fits a uniform mold, and conversely, not every business operates the same; some are completely profit-driven, others are more conscious of their societal obligations regardless of legal requirement, so shoehorning all businesses into the same obligations seems like a losing battle as well. If the long-term data backs up the finding that higher minimum wages kill jobs at a disproportionate rate when accounting for factors like automation, then the evidence should be heeded. Conversely, I do believe that we will reach a point, possibly even in this lifetime, where so much automation exists, there will be fewer and fewer opportunities to 'get your foot in the door' or things of that nature and a universal basic income will be needed. How that is paid for, what the societal and social implications are, those are questions for another day, but that day is also fast approaching.
You are asking all the right questions. I predict a bright future! In addition to the excellent advice from Phil, I would add that NOW is the time to think about investing. If you have not yet started a retirement account, open up a Roth IRA and max it out ($5.5k in 2014) every year. The time value of money is strong and you will be thanking yourself in 40 years for starting now. Yes, paying down debt is important, and you should do that, too. It's a balance. If you get converted to a full-time employee, take part in any retirement plan they offer, and max out any matching because it's free money.
Do whatever you are more comfortable with and enjoy doing. There is room to grow and progress in both areas so you won't be stuck. Analysts still make money but it's usually fixed. Wealth Managers can start as traders or analysts. Most people start as analysts anyway.
They are already improving. It's going to be a long recovery. Everyone knew that from the beginning.  The stimulus, while making the pain not as great, only protracted the time it will be felt. The Fed is now poised to raise interest rates for the first time in eons because the signs are there that the economy has improved.   It is amazing how many people fall for the same mistakes. Buy when the market is in a frenzy. Sell when it all collapses. I did the opposite this time and made a fortune while everyone else lost their shirts. Not bragging, just trying to impart the voice of reason. History repeats itself and it will do so again.
Shop around for Gym January is a great time to look because that's when most people join and the gyms are competing for your business.  Also, look beyond the monthly dues.  Many gyms will give free personal training sessions when you sign up - a necessity if you are serious about getting in shape! My gym offered a one time fee for 3 years.  It cost around $600 which comes out to under $17 a month. Not bad for a new modern state of the art gym.
From the UK-USA tax treaty.... ARTICLE 1 General Scope 1. Except as specifically provided herein, this Convention is applicable only to persons who are residents of one or both of the Contracting States. 2. This Convention shall not restrict in any manner any benefit now or hereafter accorded: a) by the laws of either Contracting State; or b) by any other agreement between the Contracting States... I'm not an expert but to me that sounds like the tax free advantage of an UK ISA would be respected by the IRS From the UK-USA tax treaty.... ARTICLE 7 7. Where under any provision of this Convention income or gains arising in one of the Contracting States are relieved from tax in that Contracting State and, under the law in force in the other Contracting State, a person, in respect of the said income or gains, is subject to tax by reference to the amount thereof which is remitted to or received in that other Contracting State and not by reference to the full amount thereof, then the relief to be allowed under this Convention in the first-mentioned Contracting State shall apply only to so much of the income or gains as is taxed in the other Contracting State. This is very difficult to comprehend but suggets also that tax free status is upheld in the uSa
You can open an HSA account with any financial institution that you like, and roll over the money from your current account into the new one.  Since you are no longer in a High Deductible Health Plan, you can't contribute any new money into an HSA, but you can still spend the money in your HSA on eligible medical expenses, until it is gone.  There are lots of things that you can spend HSA money on, so there is no need to cash out and take on taxes and penalties. Yes, there are HSA accounts that don't charge ongoing maintenance fees.  Check with a local credit union; they usually have no-fee HSA accounts.
"Rides on Uber are pre-arranged, if only minutes beforehand using an app. Taxi medallions are explicitly for street hailing (put your arm up in the air). And Uber working with black cars meant they were already licensed livery cars.  The whole ""peer to peer ridesharing"" was actually pioneered by Lyft. Uber followed quickly with UberX."
FSA is a convenience to allow you to pay day care expenses with pre-tax money.   It sounds like neither you nor your wife are eligible through an employer, so you can't use one. If you do not use FSA, then at tax time you can deduct the cost of day care from your gross income.  In the end the effect is the same.  Just keep track of your expenses.
As a fellow well-educated professional I totally agree with you. It is rational for countries and people to do exactly what they do best at the most competitive wages. Economics tell us that this increases the size of the global pie.   But it hasn't happened to us personally. reality is different vs a theoretical discussion. Sure the global pie may be getting bigger but that doesn't mean individuals aren't losing out locally. I honestly don't know what I'd do if my industry were suddenly automated or reliably outsourceable.  Sure I'd be happy to retrain but as what?   I'm interested in the next phase of human development will everyone work less? Will we have universal wages?   Tldr trade agreements, outsourcing and automation are among the  greyest of issues
Chances are since college is your next likely step I would recommend saving up for it.  Start building an emergency fund. Recommended $1,000 minimum. To start building your credit rating (when 18) get a low interest low limit credit.  Pay off the balance every month. Starting to build your credit rating now can save you hundreds of thousands when buying a house over the course of paying it off.  ie. cheaper interest rate. As for investing, the sooner you can get started the better.  Acquire preferred/stocks/bonds/REITs/ETFs/etc that pay you to own them (they pay you dividends monthly/quarterly/etc).  Stick with solid stocks that have a history of consistently increasing their dividends over time and that are solid companies. I personally follow the work/advice of Derek Foster.  He's not a professional but he retired at 34.  His first book (Stop working - Here's how you can) is great and recommend it to anyone who is looking to get started. Also check out Ramit Sethi's blog I Will Teach You to be Rich. He focuses on big wins which save you a lot over the long term.  He's also got some great advice for students as well. Best of luck!
I assert not so. Even if we assume a zero sum game (which is highly in doubt); the general stock market curves indicate the average player is so bad that you don't have to be very good to have better that 50/50 averages. One example: UP stock nosedived right after some political mess in Russia two years ago. Buy! Profit: half my money in a month. I knew that nosedive was senseless as UP doesn't have to care much about what goes on in Russia. Rising oil price was a reasonable prediction; however this is good for railroads, and most short-term market trends behave as if it is bad.
So let me get this straight... anti-tax warriors who argue from a right-wing libertarian stance that financial liberty is the most important form of liberty want to hold the taxpayers hostage to force the bloated federal government to fund a wall on the southern border of the United States that comprises the territory of multiple state governments, without allowing for those state governments and their citizens the liberty to decide for themselves, nor advocating for private capitalist interests to fund the wall out of their own pockets via private land ownership along the border, which is the hallmark of their entire economic theory?
"&gt;If you leave and pursue IBD, they will respect that and help you whether you stay or not...unless they don't give a shit. You can very easily say ""I don't think this is the best place for me to learn X, I need to go to Y company to achieve this. It took me Z weeks to learn this""   &gt;Of course this doesn't apply if you've known this person for years beforehand, but I'm 95% sure this is what you need to be aware of. Management sucks when you aren't in their ""club,"" (which it sounds like you're not) it's a part of life.   Can you elaborate? I'm not sure I understood all of it. Essentially you're saying she won't help me, period?"
Often times, off label use is minor or it's hard to develop clinical proof for it. From the pharma perspective, if they are not pursuing it, they need to ignore any off-label use. The FDA really expects pharma to pretend it doesn't happen and not support it at all.
"Unrealistic assumption, but I'll play along. Ultimately, dividends would exist because some innovative shareholder of some company, at some time, would desire income from their investment and could propose the idea of sharing the profit. Like-minded investors also desiring income could vote for dividends to come into existence — or, rather, vote for a board of directors that supports enactment of the idea. (In your fictitious world, shareholders do still control the corporation, right?) In this world, though, dividends wouldn't be called ""dividends"", a terrible name that's too ""mathy"" for the inhabitants of that world. Rather, they would institute a quarterly or annual shareholder profit share. Governments would enact legislation to approve of—nay, encourage such an innovation because it becomes a new source of recurring income they can tax. Alternatively, even if the idea of a cash dividend didn't occur to anybody in that world, investors would realize the stock price is depressed and could propose and vote for the board to institute share buybacks. The company repurchasing some portion of shares periodically would provide income to shareholders participating in the buyback. If the buyback were oversubscribed, they could structure it fairly (pro-rata participation, etc.) Alternatively, shareholders would pressure the board (or fire them and vote in a new board) to put the company up for sale and find a larger buyer, who would purchase the shares for cash. This can't scale forever, though, so the pressure will increase for solutions like #1 and #2."
"Revenue /= profits or profitability. Profits/Revenue=profitability  To your ""lifetime revenue"" statement, Apple makes profit on the hardware sale (at a larger margin) and also obtains the same amount of ""lifetime revenue"" potential.   Samsung makes great products. I have a Samsung TV. However, they have been in the global market for mobile much longer than Apple, which I think give a strong explanation for their larger market share. Apple is more focused on the mobile side (only one product, essentially) and just now getting into a large global presence at product launches. This is the thing that shows me Apple is the market leader: nobody scrutinizes Samsung like they do Apple (I don't hear anyone saying how stupid a Galaxy ""mini"" phone is). You get a lot of hate when you're doing everything better than the competition as a whole."
"A few thoughts: You said,  To me it makes sense that if he accidentally put his own money in when he wasn't supposed to, he could just take it out and pay the tax on it and be fine. In this case, he would be putting his own after-tax money in, and wouldn't be able to deduct it, so the act of putting it in and taking it back out in the same tax year would be as if the transaction never occurred at all. He would not have to ""pay the tax on it"". As for this question: Is there any penalty to his employer if they contribute to an HSA on his behalf, knowing that he is not eligible, and that the money will be an excess contribution? It's good that your son is prepared to treat it as regular income and pay the appropriate taxes. However, the employer should be the one doing that. They should be treating it as regular income and taking out FICA and paying their end of FICA too. If they aren't doing that, technically they are breaking the law. The employer really shouldn't be making the contributions at all, and if they ever bothered to correct this, this article suggests that the employer may be legally allowed to drain the HSA account and take their money back out of it, but only for the same tax year. Apparently they can do this without your son's consent. If that's true, it may make sense to withdraw all money from that account immediately as soon as the money arrives, since they cannot take the money back if it is no longer there. Once the money leaves the HSA account the employer has no choice but to change it to income and if they don't, your son must declare it as such (which it sounds like he is prepared to do). This doesn't really answer your question of whether or not the employer can be penalized- I would assume yes, but not too badly. The worst case scenario for them would probably be just having to pay all the back FICA on those funds if they aren't doing so already. Maybe an interest penalty as well. All that being said, I'd recommend talking to an accountant. The most important thing you want to be sure of is that your son cannot possibly be liable for any wrongdoing. Particularly I would get confirmation on pulling money out of the HSA that you know shouldn't be there in the first place, just to make sure there is no possible way to get dinged for that."
"&gt;Trust me: those ""EDI operators"" (called ""EDI Service Bureaus"" in the US) have a unique EDI map for each trading partner, because, as I said, each trading partner sends the EDI data in a completely different way.  Different ERP systems have different mappings, but there are no unlimited amount of ERP systems. If you can cover SAP, Microsoft and Oracle you can already trade EDI messages between most of the big parties. You only have to make the EDI mappings once for a system and if you have dediceted process to update them it is not hard to sell it to companies that want to have EDI processes.  We never had to do any kind of mappings our self. I guess the infra in EU is just a bit ahead of what you got in US.  &gt;EDI service Bureaus charge $$$ per message  So does it cost to scan, input data and process the invoice. For us it was easy choice as it is way faster, more reliable and also cheaper than having someone do all the data input into ERP.  &gt;Shortly, invoices from suppliers are for many different types of services handled by many different departments.  For all those we have automated rules. Freight orders are sent through a 3rd party system that matches the invoices to the freight orders. They have our freight prices and can automatically approve the invoices with the tables or reject them and ask for a credit.  Goods invoices have the PO-number. The shipping documents have the same PO-number and when a item is received with a PO number it is allocated to a invoice with the same PO number. Buyers know if the PO is not full filled automatically as the inventory will not match what was ordered.  HR invoices will go to HR department automatically and they just have to check if the invoice is correct. Postings and deparment allocations are done by automatic rules here also.  Office supplies can either be bought by PO number or with reference to who the invoice has to be sent for inspection. Inspector can change the automatic postings if there is something incorrect with the automatic posting.  The system we have has been quite flexible and there has not been much of need for customization after the initial setup.   Of course there is still some manual postings to be done, but lot less than without."
I was specifically talking about property tax which doesn't increase that much with income. But state and local income taxes ratio makes a lot of sense since there are still lots of people that depend on a salary at 1million$ AGI.
If both spousal units are US citizens, they have unlimited transfer ability, no gift tax issue.
"What you describe is called a ""partnership"" (""General Partnership"", more precise). Partnership are unincorporated associations of people with a common goal in mind. Every partner shares the same responsibility and obligations, and the duties and authorizations to act on behalf of the partnership should be written down and signed by all the partners in a contract, which is called ""Operating Agreement"". With that in place, you (if you're given the authority by the partners) can open a bank account on behalf of the partnership, and allow other partners access to it (with or without signature authority, per the operating agreement). If you're talking about a group of homeowners - you should set up a ""Homeowners Association"" (HOA). Per applicable state law it would either be a limited partnership or a special kind of incorporated entity. That entity can enter contracts (hire a lawyer, for example) on behalf of all the owners."
This is a weird skew on statistics. We added 8 Million jobs which lowered the average wage since most of these jobs were entry level. So they took the drop in average salary and multiplied it by the added jobs and said that's how much drop in the economy we had. I feel like the opposite is true. More jobs only adds I the economy not take away no matter how much they make.
Not authoritative, but according to TurboTax: If your new cell phone acts as both your business and personal phone, you are only allowed to deduct the portion used for business from your taxable income. It’s important for you to hang on to your itemized phone bill and receipts to ensure that you’re deducting the right amounts and to keep records of your deduction. Since the usage you're describing sounds like a very small amount of the overall usage, it will probably be difficult to justify a business expense deduction.
"&gt;I'm playing devil's advocate mostly  I should hope so, because it seems disingenuous to suggest that viewing ""tons of photos"" is equivalent to seeing and touching something in real life, particularly shoes or clothes.  Also, say, for example, you go to your local shoe store and try on a pair of shoes. Your usual size is 9.5, so you try that on first. But it feels big, and a 9 fits you better. If you'd gone to Amazon without going to the store first, even though they offer free exchanges, you'd still have to deal with the costs of printing out a return label, boxing them up, going to the post office, waiting two days for them to arrive at Amazon, and waiting two days for the new pair. But going to the store first saved you that cost, and the store doesn't get any reward for it.  I'm not condemning you or anyone else for doing this. But I would feel guilty about it, and I'm trying to explain why."
"The U.S. economy has grown at just under 3% a year after inflation over the past 50 years. (Some of this occurred to ""private"" companies that are not listed on the stock market, or before they were listed.) The stock market returns averaged 7.14% a year, ""gross,"" but when you subtract the 4.67% inflation, the ""net"" number is 2.47% a year. That gain corresponds closely to the ""just under 3% a year"" GDP growth during that time."
You can't pay your bills with equity in your house. Assuming you paid off the mortgage, where would the money come from that you plan to live off of? If that is your whole retirement savings I'd say do neither. Maybe an annuity (not variable) for SOME of the money, keep the rest invested in conservative investments some of it in cash for emergencies.
Under the assumption that rates are same, the interest paid monthly would generate greater P+I. However I doubt in practice if if the TFSA Savings rate would be higher than GIC. Typically more the lockin, more the interest.
That people actually believe the nonsense in the title is sooooo insane. I have worked so many low paying jobs. From experience, I know that it is quite possible to earn minimum wage, take no government assistance beyond tax credits and live a simple life (even while supporting a family) and be quite happy. Sure, we weren't always able to own a cell phone, or have the fastest internet, but our bellies were never empty and we were always warm in the winter and somewhat cool in the summer.  I can't help but think that the majority of people that think you have to take government assistance when you're poor in the U.S. have either A) Never been poor in the U.S. or B) Have never learned how to live a frugal lifestyle.
Send a well-documented payment to the original creditor.  Do it in such a way that you would have the ability to prove that you sent a payment if they reject it.  Should they reject it, demonstrate that to the credit reporting bureaus.
Someone referred to the bend as a living hinge, I've heard it referred to as a kerf-bend.  My office has a laser cutter and might be interested in putting it to use.  What kind of volume are you looking for?  If low-volume, PM me.
There are more companies in the S&amp;P500 that are tech enabled services companies, and a few are software as a service (salesforce, cerner, etc.). As a result profit margins used here have expanded. If wages increase, margins should shrink but there is likely going to be growing revenue as we still have a huge output gap because of all the unemployed people who would have income. Not sure there is a mean to regress to
In your situation I would get out my spreadsheet, estimate what I would be making and how that compares to my current market wage, and go from there. At the end of the day it is your decision, hope I have helped you by asking questions.  Goodluck mate!
The SWIFT network is federated. The connection routing is via country server to regional servers. All these are maintained by SWIFT. The Banks have corresponded relationship with other banks. They play a role in actual settlement and take some risk. L/C is very risky business. It is expensive.
"See ""Structuring transactions to evade reporting requirement prohibited."" You absolutely run the risk of the accusation of structuring. One can move money via check, direct transfer, etc, all day long, from account to account, and not have a reporting issue. But, cash deposits have a reporting requirement (by the bank) if $10K or over. Very simple, you deposit $5000 today, and $5000 tomorrow. That's structuring, and illegal.  Let me offer a pre-emptive ""I don't know what frequency of $10000/X deposits triggers this rule. But, like the Supreme Court's, ""We have trouble defining porn, but we know it when we see it. And we're happy to have these cases brought to us,"" structuring is similarly not 100% definable, else one would shift a bit right."" You did not ask, but your friend runs the risk of gift tax issues, as he's not filing the forms to acknowledge once he's over $14,000."
Are specific brand recommendations allowed? I'm a big fan of Lands' End. They have good quality clothing at reasonable prices in all the basic styles. They have great customer service and you con order online and avoid clothes shopping at the mall (which I hate).
You can use the Securities Exchange Commission's EDGAR search engine to search all available SEC related filings. https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html Top tip: use the fast search on the right to search for the company ticker rather than by company name.
What I don't understand is why buybacks aren't benefitting the pension fund. Does it hold nothing in GE stock? If so, that seems like the kind of crap that shouldn't happen. I am not a huge fan of pensions, but having zero of the pension liabilities being tied to the success of the company funding them really grinds my gears. The interests of all major stakeholders in companies need to be aligned to the extent possible. If everyone views it as a vehicle to screw everyone else with an interest, things will ultimately go badly. That's why a lot of tech companies tie comp to company performance. Pensions should be no different in having some skin in the game.
"Your question is very broad. Whole books can and have been written on this topic. The right place to start is for you and your wife to sit down together and figure out your goals. Where do you want to be in 5 years, 25 years, 50 years? To quote Yogi Berra ""If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else."" Let's go backwards. 50 Years I'm guessing the answer is ""retired, living comfortably and not having to worry about money"". You say you work an unskilled government job. Does that job have a pension program? How about other retirement savings options? Will the pension be enough or do you need to start putting money into the other retirement savings options? Career wise, do you want to be working as in unskilled government jobs until you retire, or do you want to retire from something else? If so, how do you get there? Your goals here will affect both your 25 year plan and your 5 year plan. Finally, as you plan for death, which will happen eventually. What do you want to leave for your children? Likely the pension will not be transferred to your children, so if you want to leave them something, you need to start planning ahead. 25 Years At this stage in your life, you are likely talking, college for the children and possibly your wife back at work (could happen much earlier than this, e.g., when the kids are all in school). What do you want for your children in college? Do you want them to have the opportunity to go without having to take on debt? What savings options are there for your children's college? Also, likely with all your children out of the house at college, what do you and your wife want to do? Travel? Give to charity? Own your own home? 5 Years You mention having children and your wife staying at home with them. Can your family live on just your income? Can you do that and still achieve your 50 and 25 year goals? If not, further education or training on your part may be needed. Are you in debt? Would you like to be out of debt in the next 5-10 years? I know I've raised more questions than answers. This is due mostly to the nature of the question you've asked. It is very personal, and I don't know you. What I find most useful is to look at where I want to be in the near, mid and long term and then start to build a plan for how I get there. If you have older friends or family who are where you want to be when you reach their age, talk to them. Ask them how they got there. Also, there are tons of resources out there to help you. I won't suggest any specific books, but look around at the local library or look online. Read reviews of personal finance books. Read many and see how they can give you the advice you need to reach your specific goals. Good luck!"
If the vendor accepts cryptocurrencies, this may be your only option. It's not clear if exporting cryptocurrency violates Ethiopian law, but at least cryptocurrencies have not yet been banned. If you can find someone who can trade you cryptocurrency, you can send it anywhere. Because cryptocurrencies are still extremely price volatile, I recommend you use Ripple, the fastest I can find.  It can 100% confirm transactions on average within 10 seconds.  This will keep your exposure to price volatility at a minimum if you send the cryptocurrency as soon as you buy it. If you choose this route, please take precausions.  Your government may retroactively ban it and pursue you.  Considering the Ethiopian government's history, this is not unlikely, and banning cryptocurrencies outright is.
"The CBOE states, in an investor's guide to Interest Rate Options: The Options’ Underlying Values   Underlying values for the option contracts are   10 times the underlying Treasury yields (rates)—   13-week T-bill yield (for IRX), 5-year T-note   yield (for FVX), 10-year T-note yield (for TNX)   and 30-year T-bond yield (for TYX). The Yahoo! rate listed is the actual Treasury yield; the Google Finance and CBOE rates reflect the 10 times value.  I don't think there's a specific advantage to ""being contrary"", more likely it's a mistake, or just different."
the fact that you don't know that the chain doesn't only contain hashes concerns me...  I've consulted with several companies who are bringing blockchain technology to the financial, medical and legal sector, I have a feeling I might know a little more than you do about their specific implementations and business needs.
I think there is a rather unclear line, but it is being crossed. I don't want to say NO career advice, because there has been some really helpful questions asked that, while they want to know for a job search, are helpful. There's also the posts like WHAT DOES AN INVESTY BANKER ACTUALLY DO? That don't belong here. Tricky to differentiate what's okay from what isn't, but at the moment I'd rather downvote the incorrectly posted to keep the useful posts
"I'm sorry.  But no.  It is not.  Some simple microeconomic theories can be predictive *in the current system*.  But macroeconomic theories are almost never predictive and always more reminiscent of a religion.  Science must be predictive by definition.  But predictions about complex systems are notoriously dicey.  This is why your meteorologist can't predict more than a few days out.    It's because it's impossible.  The system is too complex.  It is sensitive to initial conditions which are unknown and unknowable.  And the inputs are too numerous and varied to account for everything.  But they can be accurate to within a given confidence interval, even if it does not achieve formal statistical significance.  And they can run something akin to what economists would call Monte Carlo simulations given their models.  But so far as macroeconomics go, there is no admission by many practitioners in many schools about the predictive limitations on the whole endeavor based on the complex nature of the system.  There are simply constructed theoretical frameworks, which are not predictive, but which seem to have fit certain patterns in the past that are cherry-picked to confirm a hypothesis.  If that is science, it is bad science.  This does not mean one cannot have an untested hypothesis.  Economists generally cannot set up their own experiments, after all.  And they deal in complexity and human decision, just like the other social scientists.  But economists, perhaps more so than other social scientists due to the increased mathematical skill set in the standard tool-box of the field, tend to overstate their case.  This is particularly true for those larger-named economists in the field who inevitably get hired by major media companies.  If Friedman and Galbraith were both scientists, how did they come to such widely different conclusions?    How does the University of Chicago predict and prescribe the polar opposite of U. MO St. Louis?   Basing any theory on splitting one half of Weber's theory of rationality from the other and assigning the behavioral patterns to actors already makes several cognitive leaps.  And yes, in the last few years we have had the school of behavioral economics and bounded rationality models to try to cope with this.  But it's still far from predictive.  The Austrians are certainly on some of the shakiest ground in my view.  At least Keynes' work was rigorous.  So was Marx's for that matter.  That stands in stark contrasts to the Austrians and their ilk.  But regardless, when dealing with essentially contested concepts, consensus through induction becomes the only path forward.  Empirical deduction falls off the menu.  The schools of biology and chemistry at U MO and U Chic. will not come to diametrically opposite conclusions given identical data.  The schools of economics do.  That, in and of itself, is anecdotal evidence of a severe flaw in the ""science in a very litteral sense.""  And so I stand by my statement."
How can I find out what these 'additional' costs will be when looking to buy a car? If you know what model you're interested in buying you can try out Edmund's True Cost To Own calculator. This will estimate the depreciation, taxes and fees, financing costs, fuel costs, insurance premiums, maintenance, repairs, and any tax credits for owning a certain model for various periods of time. You can improve the accuracy be substituting your own calculations, like if you already have an insurance quote. Consumer Reports has a useful chart to demonstrate how much each of those additional costs will add up, percentage-wise. They also list the most and least expensive cars to own.
No you can't buy direct from Toyota.  Largely because of many states' laws (assuming you're in the US) requiring a dealer relationship for car purchasing, read about Tesla's struggles with direct to customer sales.  Secondly because Toyota corporate simply isn't set up to sell a car directly to a customer. I know there are services that help people through the buying process.  If you're finding Toyota dealerships to be this difficult you may consider just buying something from someone who wants to sell to you.  If the buying process is this difficult imagine the service relationship. Edit: Additionally, it's important to remember when financing a car that there are essentially two transactions taking place.  First you're negotiating the price of the car.  Then you negotiate the price of the money (the interest rate).  The money does not need to come from the dealership, you can secure your financing rate from a separate bank or local credit union.  You should definitely pursue alternate financing if they're quoting you 7.99% with a FICO of 710.  But don't tell the dealership you've already got your financing lined up until you're happy with the price of the car.
"When you look at those results you'll see that it lists the actual market cap for the stocks.  The ones on the biggest price move are usually close the the $1B capitalization cut-off that they use. (The don't report anything with less than $1B in capitalization on these lists.)  The ones on the biggest market cap are much larger companies. So, the answer is that a 40% change in price on a company that has $1B capitalization will be a $400M change in market cap.  A 4% change on a company with $100B capitalization will be a $4B change in market cap.  The one that moved 40% will make the ""price"" list but not the market cap list and vice versa."
The laws of physics are absolute.  The laws of man can be bent and twisted.  Come on, you know that.  Trump is a fraud and a cheat.  Don't let him off the hook because of a false comparison.  Don't be naive about Trump.  He'll fuck you in the ass and leave you for dead in the blink of an eye.  Trump is a con man front to back.
Normally when thinking about whether it's worth it to start a small business, the biggest factor is your time. There's a big difference between spending 10 hours to make a profit of $50 vs spending 1 hour to make a profit of $50. Your scenario is quite different though, in that you suggest your wife is considering teaching for free instead of accepting payment. In this case the time factor almost goes away, since if you accept payment there is very little extra time involved for depositing checks, tracking income, and filling out some extra forms come tax time. From a financial point of view there is no reason to turn down the money if people are willing to pay it. There may be other reasons to prefer doing it for free, but taxes, Social Security payments, and the small extra effort to run the business wouldn't normally be among those reasons. I don't know what your reasons for possibly preferring to do it for free are, but an alternative option to consider is to donate all of her income to charity.
The software he is talking about readjusts your portfolio weights back to your original allocation on a semi-constant basis. Basically it's designed to replace the stereotypical, lazy financial advisor.  Your second point is quite valid though... One such example for anyone reading who has a young child is a coverdell ESA which allows you to put pretax income into an investment fund and withdraw tax free to spend on anything education related including the primary and secondary level (ie books, Supplies, field trips, tutoring, etc.). Basically money youd probably spend anyway, but this way you skip out on some taxes.
There's no objectively correct answer to this question, given your circumstances. Ideally, the stepmom would put in 60% of the downpayment and 60% of the monthly maintenance costs and mortgage. You and your partner would evenly split the 40%. Then, it is very obvious. However, my guess is that this isn't going to be the situation. Without knowing the numbers, I suggest that, upon sale of the house, the exact value of each person's downpayment is immediately returned without interest. What's left of the equity is returned to everyone as per the amount they paid in mortgage. The monthly maintenance costs are excluded from this calculation entirely. You are, of course, free to take any other approach all three of you deem to be fair. In my example, consider a home that costs $200,000. Your stepmom puts in $40,000 for a downpayment, you put in $10,000, and your parter puts in $10,000. The mortgage payments are $1500/month. Your stepmom puts in $500 a month, you put in $250 a month, and your partner puts in $750 a month. You sell the place for $300,000 after paying off the entire mortgage. Your stepmom gets $40,000 + $80,000. You get $10,000 + $40,000. Your partner gets $10,000 + $120,000. Keep in mind, though, that you may have to sell the house for a loss. In which case, some or all of the downpayment may not even be returned. In fact, you may end up having to cover money over and above the downpayment and the payments you've made. Any good lawyer will make you consider this. Additionally, any good lawyer will make you spell out under what circumstances, people can force sale of the home.
I have gone out of my way for my customers and probably done more than I should have. It's always so wonderful to get an email thanking you for your hard work. The software company I work for is in the medical business so a lot of counties in NY have our software and talk to each other. I loved that one of my clients told me that they had a big meeting in upstate and they all said that I was the best one to deal with because of my knowledge, sense of humor, etc. It makes me feel good. Too bad the owners have no idea how much I've saved them over the years. I love what I do.
Manufacturer of talc powder in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-talc-powder-in-india.php Supplier and Manufacturer of Quartz Grit, Quartz Powder, Ramming Mass and Talc Powder. Color snow white, milky white, super semi and semi white.  Applications are Ferro alloys, steel industries, paper industries, sugar refining, Pesticides, Polymers, Rubber Industry, Cosmetic Products, glass floats, water treatment plants Accurate Composition, Reliable and Highly Demanded.
I actually used to work at SBUX back in the day, it was pretty heavily emphasized in training -- we were instructed to explain that to customers when they ask, and I am pretty sure it is all over their bags / boards in the shops.
Thanks for the input. My background is pretty unconventional. Worked for a bank for 6 years then got a BBA Finance about 3 years ago. Just walked into my current boss' office one day, introduced myself and said I was looking for a job.   He's an independent advisor with about 30 high-net-worth clients and +/- $90M in AUM. Made me partner with a 5% annual stake in the firm. Most of our clients are 65-70 so it'd be in my best interest to sign 'younger' clients. Our minimum account size is $250k as it wouldn't make economic sense to our clients to open an account with less (since we charge a minimum quarterly amount of $2,500).  The guy at Merrill said that he just paid a one-time fee for basically a list of prospects. Categorized by their occupation and reported annual salary.  Really appreciate any help/direction you may have.
Considering your question, I have been in the market for a house to buy. There is a house that I   like and I wanted to know if I could afford it. You state your Assets: Awesome! Current Income:  Great job putting $1000/month into your 401k!  That is $12,000/year saved for retirement. Excellent! Current expenses: Why do you want to buy a house for more than 4x your gross income, and 3x median house price (U.S.)?  Are you planning on living in the house for at least 5-7 years?  There is a risk that interest rates will rise, and that will affect your ability to sell the house. Expected expenses: Adding your other essentials, You are considering increasing your expenses by $1000-1200/month. Looking at the amounts you quoted for direct housing expenses, you will have committed $2600/month to a mortgage payment.  Adding your other estimated essentials, you will spend over $3700/month (leaving $2200/month for everything else). You may have higher utilities for a house than an apartment, you are doing well with your food budget, and your cellphone is lower than many.  You anticipate $650/month ($7800/year) tax savings (be careful, congress is looking for ways to increase tax revenue). You want to keep your essential expenses under 50% (much more than 50% is difficult, and I am trying to get to 40%).  You may live in an area where housing costs are an out-sized expense.  But an option would be to save more, and a larger down payment could lower the monthly expenses below that 50% mark.
i haven't done the precise math to update with the latest call, so you might be right about that.  I will do it some week next time.  As to the other questions:  1.  Every major car company is doing research.  There is going to be massive competition.  2.  Your last sentence confirms my view that you don't understand the issues.  In the real world there is specialization.  Some companies design cars, others design batteries.  So of course the car companies don't have the good battery tech, because they are not battery companies.  The rest of the industry isn't stupid.  Battery companies don't try to make cars, and car companies don't make batteries.  Musk has jumped into an industry he is not a specialist at.  It just so happens I know something about batteries.  The simple fact that Musk is talking about Lithium Ion batteries proves that his tech is no good.  the ACTUAL BATTERY COMPANIES declined to spend massive capital for a plant to supply TSLA cars.  That is why he has to make his own.  Committing huge amounts of capital on old technology is a frightful idea.  THE ACTUAL BATTERY COMPANIES wouldn't do it.  But you think Musk knows more about batteries than the actual battery companies.
If the debit card is associated with the account, there is nowhere else it could go. The chance is nil that there is another account with that 16-digit number. So either it goes there, or the transfer fails and it is right back where it came from, though this could take some days. If you don't want to risk a wait, talk to your bank now.
Yet *another* redistributionist jew? (Michael Kinsley)  He wants us to believe that what was earned through voluntary transactions with other people somehow should be taken by another organization of people called the federal government, so his friends and fellow jewish redistributionists can plunder on an even more massive scale.  Money received through voluntary transactions belong to the owner. Period. This jew Kinsley wants us to form a mob and steal to give his jewish friends in govt have more money to spend. Period. What do you call a woman's monthly cycle? Period.
Residents of Canada must pay Canadian income tax on their worldwide income (source: Wikipedia). However, there is a tax treaty between the U.S. and Canada; I haven't read it, but my guess is that it will allow you to claim a tax credit in Canada for the capital gains tax you have paid to the U.S.
"Stay away from leveraged or synthetic ETFs. This answer talks about why leveraged ETFs are dangerous. There are numerous articles to be found by searching for ""leveraged etf"". My answer to this question links to one of the more accessible explanations I've read."
Haven't read this but will, thanks.  I would agree with you that there are certain aspects and forms of private equity that could be considered reprehensible. First, carried interest probably isn't the fairest thing in the world. But that's not going to last much longer. I think you could also argue that SOME hostile takeovers approach the reprehensible. An example off the top of my head would be Carl Icahn and TWA. I would argue on the whole, however, that most hostile takeovers are accretive in the sense that you're taking out management that is either being tremendously negligent, or destroying value all together.   In both of those instances you can make succinct and well thought out arguments. But this isn't what's happening with Bain. On the whole I would disagree and argue that PE backed restructurings are accretive to the economy as a whole.
**Using your Time Value of Money functions on your calculator**   N = 3x2 = 6   PV = -914   PMT = (.16 x 1000)/2 = 80   FV = 1000    Compute I/Y  Or     **Step by step calculations**   1) Compute the PV of **(FV of Bond)**1000 in **(3x2)**6 periods at **(16%/2)**8% with no payments   2) Compute the PV of an Annuity of **(.16/2x1000)**$80 payments over **(3x2)**6 periods with an interest rate of **(16%/2)**8% and 0 Future Value   3) Combine the values from Steps 1 and 2
Experience and friendly service – As not many people would be aware of the process, it is important for every individual to be aware of the norms before starting online incorporation. A professional organization can give you better information and education about the process, as Delaware incorporation comes with a lot of norms to be followed by every firm or a company.
Possibly a single player game hence the need to simulate a market?   I would supposed that you could use a Cobb Douglas demand function. This way you could set demand for x_1 = c(m/p_1) and demand for x_2 = (1-c)(m/p_2)   Where p_1/p_2 are the prices of good 1 and 2, m is income, and x_1/x_2 are good 1 and 2 respectively.
So does the rest of the developing world, and there are BILLIONS of those people.  Plenty of jobs in construction. It offers a clear opportunity for promotion AND owning your own business.  If you can actually build what you state on time, in budget and on spec: you will have more money and work than you will know what to do with.
"I would also suggest finding the training resource within your state for real estate agent license exam prep...  When I was getting started, I took the ""101"" level course and it was worth the few hundred bucks for the overview I gleaned."
In my business we still use it. (Physical Gas Trading) Not sure what we are going to use. I suspect it'll be ICE instant messenger and maybe Yahoo? Not sure yet but it was a big topic on Friday.
These are unrelated.  If I subscribe to the paper and pay a month by check, they will just keep billing and delivering the paper.  The virtual card would work for a service that will cancel when the billing attempt fails. i.e. A service that won't just keep active without being paid in advance.
"Others have commented on the various studies. If, as JoeTaxpayer says, this one particular study he mentions does not really exist, there are plenty of others. (And in that case: Did someone blatantly lie to prove a bogus point? Or did someone just get the name of the organization that did the study wrong, like it was really somebody called ""B&D"", they read it as ""D&B"" because they'd heard of Dun & Bradstreet but not of whoever B&D is. Of course if they got the organization wrong maybe they got important details of the study wrong. Whatever.)  But let me add one logical point that I think is irrefutable: If you always buy with cash, there is no way that you can spend more than you have. When you run out of cash, you have no choice but to stop spending. But when you buy with a credit card, you can easily spend more than you have money in the bank to pay. Even if it is true that most credit card users are responsible, there will always be some who are not, and credit cards make it easy to get in trouble.  I speak from experience. I once learned that my wife had run up $20,000 in credit card debt without my knowledge. When she divorced me, I got stuck with the credit card debt. To this day I have no idea what she spent the money on. And I've known several people over the years who have gone bankrupt with credit card debt. Even if you're responsible, it's easy to lose track with credit cards. If you use cash, when you take out your wallet to buy something you can quickly see whether there's a lot of money left or not so much. With credit, you can forget that you made the big purchase. More likely, you can fail to add up the modest purchases. It's easy to say, ""Oh, that's just $100, I can cover that."" But then there's $100 here and $100 there and it can add up. (Or depending on your income level, maybe it's $10 here and $10 there and it's out of hand, or maybe it's $10,000.) It's easier today when you can go on-line and check the balance on your credit card. But even at that, well just this past month when I got one bill I was surprised at how big it was. I went through the items and they were all legitimate, they just ... added up. Don't cry for me, I could afford it. But I had failed to pay attention to what I was spending and I let things get a little out of hand. I'm a pretty responsible person and I don't do that often. I can easily imagine someone paying less attention and getting into serious trouble."
Agreed, and as a side note, I've completely walked away from BI as a legitimate source of any business news. This article is a great example, completely hollow, lacking any real substance. Shit, I could ghost write my own BI featured SUCCESS story and it would be better than this drab.
Skimmers are most likely at gas station pumps.  If your debit card is compromised you are getting money taken out of your checking account which could cause a cascade of NSF fees.  Never use debit card at pump.    Clark Howard calls debit cards piece of trash fake visa/mc That is because of all the points mentioned above but the most important fact is back in the 60's when congress was protecting its constituents they made sure that the banks were responsible for fraud and maxed your liability at $50.  Debit cards were introduced much later when congress was interested in protecting banks.  So you have no protection on your debit card and if they find you negligent with your card they may not replace the stolen funds.   I got rid of my debit card and only have an ATM card.  So it cannot be used in stores which means you have to know the pin and then you can only get $200 a day.
It would be 0.22 * Rs 5 per share, i.e. Rs 1.1 per share. For 1000 share it would be Rs 1.1 * 1000, i.e. 1100
Kate - you should get a EIN. It will give you a layer of anonymity. If you are getting the occasional check like this, it's a way to have a number that function like an SS number, but would not be used for credit, and far tougher to use for fraud.  By coincidence, I glanced at my twitter feed and a fellow blogger posted How (and Why) to Apply for an EIN Number which goes into a bit more detail.
I think a shirt with French cuffs that require cufflinks is a good way to show any conservative workplace that you know how they roll.   However if you are just an intern it might make you look very stuffy. I say do it if you are over 20.   And practice tying your tie so the taper to the point starts at the belt buckle. You don't want to see the top shirt button, and you don't want to see any shirt below the tie.  Last thing, leave the bottom button of the suit unbuttoned at all times. So if it is a three button suit, never ever touch button three. Also, you may unbutton your suit when you sit down, rebutton it up when you stand up. If you sit down with buttons done up sometimes it scrunches up a bit around the shoulders.
I'm also ambivalent about the corporatisation of the world, but that is more a rejection of the corruption and cynicism of big corporate culture than a rejection of free trade.  If people choose to shop at Ikea and Starbucks, who am I to say they shouldn't be allowed to?
Your statement is a reductio ad absurdum fallacy but i will address it and validate it in part.  Here we have Burger King following the law, following the tax code which was legally passed by Congress and in fact which the D party had 2 years to change when the GOP had no ability to interfere.  Yet a combination of hard core leftists and nationalistic tea party protectionists want to boycott anyway.    And to your point of ownership.  Government through income tax DOES own a percentage of every profit earned in the US (with no obligation to share in any losses by the way) and through regulation and police power DOES have control of every business in the US.  That is tacit ownership.
"That's a very good point, but advertising inevitably gets out of control and consumers end up hating it, which is why we see things like DVRs with their ""ad skipping"" technologies emerging in the marketplace and being hugely popular amongst consumers. People hate ads, even tho they want them in small amounts.  People who live ad free lives, as I do, learn about products through the recommendations of friends, or through very filtered means such as user groups where someone says ""Hey guys I found this neat widget, check it out"".  You could argue ""that's advertising"" and semantically you might be right, but we're speaking specifically about paid ads that Widget Company A pays Social Media Company B to place on their website, and similar models. All of that is going away just as fast as the technology makes it possible to eliminate it with or without the approval of either company. Consumers hate ads and love ad blockers.  To understand whats happening you need to appreciate just how young ""ad blocking"" technology is. It's only existed a very short while and has already decimated the internet to the point that various websites have gone bankrupt. Nobody as big as Facebook (yet), but large popular magazines and newspapers have been really struggling. And the tech is in it's infancy, as it matures it will cause more shake-ups."
"Unfortunately, Australian bureocrats made it impossible to register a small business without making the person's home address, full name, date of birth and other personal information available to the whole world. They tell us the same old story about preventing crime, money laundering and terrorism, but in fact it is just suffocating small business in favour of capitalistic behemoths. With so many weirdos and identity thieves out there, many people running a small business from home feel unsafe publishing all their personal details. I use a short form of my first name and real surname for my business, and reguraly have problems cashing in cheques written to this variation of my name. Even though I've had my account with this bank for decades and the name is obviously mine, just a pet or diminitive form of my first name (e.g. Becky instead of Rebecca). This creates a lot of inconvenience to ask every customer to write the cheque to my full name, or make the cheque ""bearer"" (or not to cross ""or bearer"" if it is printed on the cheque already). It is very sad that there is protection for individual privacy in Australia, unless you can afford to have a business address. But even in this case, your name, date of birth and other personal information will be pusblished in the business register and the access to this information will be sold to all sorts of dubious enterprises like credit report companies, debt collectors, market researchers, etc. It seems like Australian system is not interested in people being independent, safe, self-sufficient and working for themselves. Everyone has to be under constant surveliance."
In my experience financial advisors do not normally assist with budgeting and personal everyday finance. There certainly are people who do that, but you would normally only consult them when you have financial difficulties, especially debt. The more common find of financial advisor is mostly focussed on advising you about savings and investments. A lot work for banks and investment companies. They will usually advise you for free, the downside being that they will only recommend their company's products. This may or may not be a bad thing, depending on the company. Others will charge you a commission on purchases, and their advice will be more neutral. This question will also be interesting: Are all financial advisors compensated in the same way?
first, let me reiterate what everyone else is saying about rental rates having nothing to do with your expenses. you should charge market rates. slightly higher if you want better tenants and slightly lower if you want to avoid prolonged vacancy. you can determine market rates by finding similar properties in your area and seeing what they are asking for rent.  you will need to adjust for location, square footage, number of bathrooms, etc. now that that is out of the way, here is a quick checklist of expenses that you will need to calculate and/or estimate for your specific property in order to decide if you should rent or sell: if you add up all of the above expenses and it's more than the market rates for rent, you should sell.  if the above expenses are below the market rates, then you need to consider if the profit margin is enough to justify the hassle and the risk.
"&gt; and it's just fucking gone because Zuckerberg had to build a wall around his castle.   But the real cause was *the sheep let him get away with it* because they were too 'invested' already.  And it's already starting again. Everyone's house is going to be totally dependent upon either Bezos' [Chaebol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaebol) or *Google.gov*. ""Competitors"" won't have a chance; they'll be locked out of the *acres* of back-end servers and patented APIs the Big Two will have."
"Amazon lets you ""buy a season pass"" with some discount. It has good HDTV selection. Of course it course it costs more than buying the DVDs or paying for netflix. You are paying to see them when they will have value. It's not a market failure it's how the market makes money.   A lot tech markets do this, including Steam. You want Skyrim, 60 bucks please. You don't bitch that they are offering Oblivion for 20 do you? You aren't going to get it for Netflix or even DVD prices because online views canalize tv viewership. Netflix and DVDs are seen as ""extra"" revenue. Money they make in addition to ratings advertising money. They are basically the clearance rack of the media world. It's like demanding the latest fall fashions at their spring clearance price. It's not going to happen.   These shows are going for 2 bucks a pop. Assuming cable costs 60 bucks a month, you can get rid of it and instead buy 2 shows a day. If you put up a free antenna, you can go even longer by DVRing network stuff. The pricepoint is pretty good. You can't price TV shows at 10 bucks a month unlimited because we already paying way more than that for cable. There wouldn't be enough revenue to make all the shows that are currently being made.   The mess is just different competing services which is good. It'll drive prices down and give alternative payment models. Hulu lets you trade your commercial viewing for free stuff. Netflix gives you cheap old stuff. Amazon lets you have whatever you want if you pay for it."
"The money you invested in your Roth was taxed as income when you filed your income tax.   A Roth contribution is ""post-tax"" as opposed to a standard IRA or 401k contribution which are ""pre-tax"". Pre-tax contributions lower your taxable income for the year. In example, you had income of $100,000 and made a standard IRA contribution of $5000. Your taxable income would be $95,000. In the case of a Roth contribution, the same $5000 investment would not reduce your taxable income for the year."
Former sailor here.  The blue and white crackerjack jumpers are  globally unique garments.  It is a dress uniform.  I have owned exactly two of each in my lifetime, and the second was because I changed sizes in my 20's.  Even the cloth is something that I haven't seen in any civilian clothes.  Occasional shortages like this are an expected consequence of having unique formalwear, and doesn't say anything about US manufacturing capabilities.  Note that the day-to-day working uniforms are still well stocked.  This is just a supplier EOLing a low-margin low-volume product.  Happens every day.
Our team of Indian marble is highly qualified, experienced and offering best quality marble stones to their clients. Whole team of Indian marble is working together in Our Company and giving their best. They are fulfilling customer needs through strong communication.  We provide broad variety of marble stones in all over India. We have best connection with top builders in India. http://www.slideserve.com/royalw/indian-marble-market-price
I don't see anything in this forum on the leverage aspect, so I'll toss that out for discussion.  Using generic numbers, say you make a $10k down payment on a $100,000 house. The house appreciates 3% per year. First year, it's $103,000. Second year, $106090, third it's 109,272.70. (Assuming straight line appreciation.) End of three years, you've made $9,272.70 on your initial $10,000 investment, assuming you have managed the property well enough to have a neutral or positive cash flow. You can claim depreciation of the property over those rental years, which could help your tax situation.   Of course, if you sell, closing costs will be a big factor. Plus... after three years, the dreaded capital gains tax jumps in as mentioned earlier, unless you do a 1031 exchange to defer it.
"I can see where they're coming from, but at the same time, who says STEM people can't think philosophically/ethically too? Ultimately it may come down to one person's word against another's. Do we really need schools to give people ""critical thinking"" or ""philosophically-versed"" degrees in order to have an opinion in a tech company? Aren't we all equally as creative?"
Actually, my question was mainly rhetorical, I know why it can't be done, however the FTC and the FCC must both approve of such transactions I think, so maybe there is still a way to prevent it.   You're pretty naive if you think News Corp is the same as everyone else. Nobody lies like News Corp. Murdoch's employees admit being paid to lie. This is why Canada doesn't allow Fox News to be aired there, because they still have honesty in broadcasting standards.
How you answer is actually dependent on when they ask. If it is early in the process the question/answer is to determine the type of loan you are looking for: Auto loan, home loan, home improvement loans, education loans; all have products that are geared to those uses. In many cases they will use the item you are purchasing as collateral for the loan. In return for this they will offer you a low interest rate, because they know they can protect their money be repossessing the collateral.  For these standard loans they will ask for more specifics before they give a check for the money because they need to know exactly what you are spending the money on, and they will need to file legal paperwork to protect their money. If it isn't one of those standard loans then you are looking at a loan that is only backed by your signature. That loan could have a high interest rate. They are asking as part of the process of assessing their risk. Unless you are putting a lie on a form, I am not sure being untruthful puts you in jeopardy.  In some cases they don't care. People get lines of credit without knowing exactly what they are going to spend the money on.
Some banks are giving you interest on the minimum balance between 10th and last day of the month. However, with automation, RBI has changed the instruction and now for automated branches they are calculated on a daily balance basis. Since you have deposited 1000 on the last day of the month, you will get interest only for a day. A more elaborate article can be found here.
Great question, but I'm thinking you'll want to get a professional who can look at your specific situation and do it right.  I wouldn't go solely on advice here.  Having said that, though, my decidedly non-professional advice: The other alternative is to take a bit of a profit hit, and demand that the seller pay cash.  Then the transaction becomes much easier and quicker. But again, I urge you to have a pro look at this!
I see what you mean, but I still believe that for as knowledgeable as these guys are it was basically a hopeful and deceptive way for them to dump the bad mortgages that they pushed their employees to give to people. They can play dumb all day and I guess that's how they got around this but it's pretty shitty all around. If you're saying they did something wrong and the public is saying they did something wrong then I wonder what Ben Bernanke was thinking or how nobody, even before shit hit the fan, had any questions about what was going on. The whole thing smells fishier than fish..
"I started typing out a really lengthy response.  I think the better idea is to turn you towards this article at [Yale which discusses the use of fast breeder reactors.](http://e360.yale.edu/features/are_fast-breeder_reactors_a_nuclear_power_panacea)  In short, FBRs (several designs exist today) can consume most of the fuel put into them.  Further, they can consume a lot of the waste that already exists.  In effect, we can use existing stockpiles of ""waste"" as fuel.  I put ""waste"" in quotes because it becomes fuel and has value.  The economic and ecological value of this should be exciting!  Next-gen MSRs can potentially be even more effective.  Like current breeder reactors, they have the potential to be safer, operate at more desirable temperatures for thermal efficiency, and consume some of the products of existing reactors."
I wish I would have:
I don't really, but this quote from the article  &gt;In fact, this year, Chipotle, which is growing so quickly that it's opening about three new locations each week, will slowly braise and sell about 120 million pounds of naturally raised pork, chicken and beef that meets its **antibiotic-free standards.**  Makes me think that it's not 100% no antibiotics, just under some set standard to be considered antibiotic-free.
&gt; shopping is the be-all-end-all of consumerism  This is a fact. What has amazon acquired that is worse off for the consumer than before the acquisition? I can think of when walmart has been shit, like when they basically bankrupted rubbermaid over a single digit percentage price increase. Amazon seems to have the consumer's interests in mind, directly behind maximizing profits.
"Salatin and the other ""modern pioneers"" of rotational grazing are all looking back at previous conclusions in modern context, and they all are independently coming up with the same solutions; namely, multispecies grazing and moving fence style rotation programs.  We missed something as simple as letting the grass get tall and letting chickens eat bugs for a few decades, but thankfully there are people getting back on the right track."
In a process called collateralization, your mortgage is combined with others to form a security that other can invest in. When done right, this process provides liquidity, more money to be lent for more loans. When done wrong, bad things happen.  My mortgage happens to be held by the issuing bank. Yours was sold into such a pool of mortgages. One effect of this is the reselling of the servicing of the loan. I've had other mortgages that were sold every year, but I never paid ahead. With this bank, I'm on my fifth refinance, but the bank keeps the loan in house no matter what. I don't know if there's any correlation, it depends on the originating bank, in my opinion.
It is important to determine a constructing  and good inspector can suggest you on any precise troubles and feasible methods of repair. Get the coolest inspections group by means of Assured Building Inspections, we've got proper fantastic enjoy of the inspection the constructing. As a home consumer, you’re cautioned to have interaction an expert to undertake a pre-buy building inspection on a belongings earlier than you make a decision to buy. The motive of the property inspections is to understand any substantial structural damage, assets defects, or conditions likely to motive similarly damage. Pre-purchase assets  inspections will likely be in reality one in all the largest investments you may make in your existence.
The currency market, more often referred as Forex or FX, is the decentralized market through which the currencies are exchanged. To trade currencies, you have to go through a broker or an ECN. There are a lot's of them, you can find a (small) list of brokers here on Forex Factory. They will allow you to take very simple position on currencies. For example, you can buy EUR/USD. By doing so, you will make money if the EUR/USD rate goes up (ie: Euro getting stronger against the US dollar) and lose money if the EUR/USD rate goes down (ie: US dollar getting stronger against the Euro). In reality, when you are doing such transaction the broker: borrows USD, sell it to buy EUR, and place it into an Euro account. They will charge you the interest rate on the borrowed currency (USD) and gives you the interest and the bought currency (EUR). So, if you bought a currency with high interest rate against one with low interest rate, you will gain the interest rate differential. But if you sold, you will lose the differential. The fees from the brokers are likely to be included in the prices at which you buy and sell currencies and in the interest rates that they will charge/give you. They are also likely to gives you big leverage to invest far more than the money that you deposited in their accounts. Now, about how to make money out of this market... that's speculation, there are no sure gains about it. And telling you what you should do is purely subjective. But, the Forex market, as any market, is directed by the law of supply and demand. Amongst what impacts supply and demands there are: Also, and I don't want to judge your friends, but from experience, peoples are likely to tell you about their winning transaction and not about their loosing ones.
The Bid price is simply the highest buy price currently being offered and the Ask price simply the lowest sell price being offered. The list of Bid and Ask prices is called the market depth. When the Bid and Ask prices match then a sale goes through. When looking to sell you would generally look at both the Bid and Ask prices. As a seller you want to be matched with the Bid price to get a sale, but you also need to check the current list of Ask prices. If the price you want to sell at is too high you will be placed down the Ask price list, and unless the price moves up to match your sell price you will not end up selling. On the other-hand, if your price to sell is too low and in fact much lower than the current lowest sell price you may get a quick sale but maybe at a lower price than you could have gotten. Similarly, when looking to buy, you would generally also look at both the Bid and Ask prices. As a buyer you want to be matched with the Ask price to get a sale, but you also need to check the current list of Bid prices. If the price you want to buy at is too low you will be placed down the Bid price list, and unless the price moves down to match your buy price you will no end up buying. On the other-hand, if your price to buy is too high and in fact much higher than the current highest buy price you may get a quick purchase but maybe at a higher price than you could have gotten. So, whether buying or selling, it is important to look at and consider both the Bid and Ask prices in the market depth.
"First, I would like to use a better chart.  In my opinion, a close of day line chart obscures a lot of important information.  Here is a daily OHLC log chart:  The initial drop from the 1099.23 close on Oct 3 was to 839.8 intraday, to close at 899.22 on Oct 10.  After this the market was still very volatile and reached a low of 747.78 on Nov 20, closing only slightly higher than this.  It traded as high as 934.70 on Jan 6, 2009, but the whole period of Nov 24 - Feb 13 was somewhat of a trading range of roughly 800-900.  Despite this, the news reports of the time were frequently saying things like ""this isn't going to be a V shaped recovery, it is going to be U shaped.""  The roughly one week dip you see Feb 27 - Mar 9 taking it to an intraday low of 666.79 (only about 11% below the previous low) on first glance appears to be just a continuation of the previous trend.   However... The Mar 10 uptrend started with various news articles (such as this one) which I recall at the time suggested things like reinstating the parts of the Glass–Steagall Act of 1933 which had been repealed by the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act.  Although these attempts appear to have been unsuccessful, the widespread telegraphing of such attempts in the media seemed to have reversed a common notion which I saw widespread on forums and other places that, ""we are going to be in this mess forever, the market has nowhere to go but down, and therefore shorting the market is a good idea now.""  I don't find the article itself, but one prominent theme was the ""up-tick"" rule on short selling: source From this viewpoint, then, that the last dip was driven not so much by a recognition that the economy was really in the toilet (as this really was discounted in the first drop and at least by late November had already been figured into the price).  Instead, it was sort of the opposite of a market top, where now you started seeing individual investors jump on the band-wagon and decide that now was the time for a foray into selling (short).  The fact that the up-tick rule was likely to be re-instated had a noticeable effect on halting the final slide."
If you are in the US and a regular employee, this will have to show up on your year-end W2 form as income. If it doesn't, there is some funky accounting business going and you should probably consult a professional for advice.
It's the same result either way.  Say the bills are $600, and you are reimbursed $400. You'd be able to write off $400 as part of the utilities that are common expenses, but then claim the $400 as income.  I'd stick with that, and have contemporaneous records supporting all cash flow. You also can take 2/3 of any other maintenance costs that most homeowners can't. Like snow removal, lawn care, etc.
"I'm not personally familiar with this, but I had a look at the Companies House guidance. Unfortunately, it seems you've done things in the wrong order. You should have first got the funds out, distributed them to yourself as a dividend or salary, and then closed the account, and then wound up the company. Legally speaking, the remaining funds now belong to the government (""bona vacantia""). It's possible you could apply to have the company restored, but I think that might be difficult; I don't think the administrative restoration procedure applies in your situation. Given the amount involved, I'd suggest just forgetting about it."
I'm building a big addition onto my house. It's my third huge construction job. I use Amazon to buy tools, lighting, wire, radiant heat supplies, small appliances, smart home items, and specialty parts. HD and Lowes are good for cheap or heavy items. I also want to inspect my lumber, but even that is better delivered from a lumber yard when I need more than a few dozen boards or sheets of drywall. I have things delivered to my house almost daily from Amazon.
To point #1: We are moving but I don't know If I can afford the rent as the family grows I would start by looking at your debt-to-income ratio. In the US, most banks look at this for mortgage purposes, but it also gives you a general idea of what monthly mortgage payments will be comfortable given your particular financial situation. Think of it this way, if a bank is unwilling to lend you money because of a high debt-to-income level, this indicates that you have very little leeway with regard to your budget. So a lower number indicates that you will have more flexibility and comfort with meeting your rent/mortgage obligations when unforeseen bills pop up. The article below indicates having < 43% DTI is ideal (in the US). Here's a link to a debt to income calculator and some extra info (I suggest finding one aimed at the UK market): WellsFargo debt to income calculator Why is the 43% debt to income ratio important? Point #2: How can a person measure how much to spend on food, car, bills or rent from his salary? Is there a formula to keep in check? Other answers have addressed how to make a budget, so I will not repeat that. However, here's another angle with regards to spending/saving. This article recommends 50/30/20: According to the popular 50/30/20 rule, you should reserve 50 percent of your budget for essentials like rent and food, 30 percent for discretionary spending, and at least 20 percent for savings. Read more at: https://www.moneyunder30.com/how-much-should-you-save-every-month-2 In the real world, these goals may not be realistic, and different people have different ideas about how aggressive to be with regards to savings. However, you can get a general idea and adapt for your particular needs. Point 3: I find myself looking at my account every single day and get tensed and sad because almost whenever the money (pay) comes in I freak out that after everything there is nothing for us to enjoy or save.
Save yourself a lot of trouble you both agree on a Real Estate Attorney to prepare all the paperwork (ie. contract) and conduct the closing for or with the Title Company. Then you both split the normal costs of the transaction. (Real simple professionally handled and you both save the 6%)
"You have a few correlated questions here:  Yes you can. There are only a few investment strategies that require a minimum contribution and those aren't ones that would get a blanket recommendation anyway. Investing in bonds or stocks is perfectly possible with limited funds. You're never too young to start. The power of interest means that the more time you give your money to grow, the larger your eventual gains will be (provided your investment is beating inflation). If your financial situation allows it, it makes sense to invest money you don't need immediately, which brings us to: This is the one you have to look at most. You're young but have a nice chunk of cash in a savings account. That money won't grow much and you could be losing purchasing power to inflation but on the other hand that money also isn't at risk. While there are dozens of investment options1 the two main ones to look at are: bonds: these are fixed income, which means they're fairly safe, but the downside is that you need to lock up your money for a long time to get a better interest rate than a savings account index funds that track the market: these are basically another form of stock where each share represents fractions of shares of other companies that are tracked on an index such as the S&P 500 or Nasdaq. These are much riskier and more volatile, which is why you should look at this as a long-term investment as well because given enough time these are expected to trend upwards. Look into index funds further to understand why. But this isn't so much about what you should invest in, but more about the fact that an investment, almost by definition, means putting money away for a long period of time. So the real question remains: how much can you afford to put away? For that you need to look at your individual situation and your plans for the future. Do you need that money to pay for expenses in the coming years? Do you want to save it up for college? Do you want to invest and leave it untouched to inspire you to keep saving? Do you want to save for retirement? (I'm not sure if you can start saving via IRAs and the like at your age but it's worth looking into.) Or do you want to spend it on a dream holiday or a car? There are arguments to be made for every one of those.  Most people will tell you to keep such a ""low"" sum in a savings account as an emergency fund but that also depends on whether you have a safety net (i.e. parents) and how reliable they are. Most people will also tell you that your long-term money should be in the stock market in the form of a balanced portfolio of index funds. But I won't tell you what to do since you need to look at your own options and decide for yourself what makes sense for you. You're off to a great start if you're thinking about this at your age and I'd encourage you to take that interest further and look into educating yourself on the investments options and funds that are available to you and decide on a financial plan. Involving your parents in that is sensible, not in the least because your post-high school plans will be the most important variable in said plan. To recap my first point and answer your main question, if you've decided that you want to invest and you've established a specific budget, the size of that investment budget should not factor into what you invest it in. 1 - For the record: penny stocks are not an investment. They're an expensive form of gambling."
"Agreed, the mix is best, at least as it has been done in Northern Europe. In the U.S., not so much a success.  The problems with capitalism are manifold: It does not scale well; it corrupts political systems where the intent and desire is for a society to govern itself; it willingly sacrifices any and all ethical considerations to the impulses of greed by the rich-of-the-moment; it has such a short-term view of the future that nothing gets fixed or improved beyond more money for the rich-of-the-moment, which is usually referred to as ""progress.""  Capitalism only works when it's kept on a short, completely transparent leash; as soon as opacity and freedom to cheat are allowed, everything else shortly goes to shit. Capitalism and governance are forces in opposition and as for allowing capitalists to govern, well, look at the U.S. these past few decades and you see the steady degradation of everything except the coffers of the extremely wealthy. The final joke's on them though: Wealth never out-survives the source of it's creation: U.S. wealth will die with the U.S. or be stolen by the places where it's hidden away."
"The ""easier"" way is to sell the house, and pay back the 95K to the mortgage company. Your taxable gain (if any) is calculated as the difference between the sales price minus the purchased price of 150K. There is a further deduction for any selling expenses, before you have to pay income tax. If you liquidate your other investments to raise the 95K and prepay the mortgage, you might realize, and be taxed on gains on **those ** investments. That's something you might not want. On the other hand, if you have some investments that can be liquidated at a loss, you might want to sell those to generate a tax loss, then prepay all or part of the 95K. Bear in mind that there are limitations of 3K a year for certain types of losses. So see a tax adviser before using this course of action."
"Shares do not themselves carry any identity. Official shareholders are kept at the registrar.  In the UK, this may be kept up to date and publicly accessible.  In the US, it is not, but this doesn't matter because most shares are held ""in street name"". For a fully detailed history, one would need access to all exchange records, brokerage records, and any trades transacted off exchange. These records are almost totally unavailable."
&gt; decoupling between rise in productivity and rise in wages  But that doesn't even pass the logic test, so I don't know why it's routinely hauled out as something that's supposed to be meaningful.  If employees are more productive you need less of them.  If you need less there is more supply - and demand (i.e. wages) goes down.  Add into that people living and working longer and there is less competition for labor in most markets.      There was a relationship from 1945 to 1970 - but not because they are intricately linked.  Just because that was the benefit of being the world's healthiest economy and superpower following a major war.  It was never meant to last.
"Occassionaly a trader will make a blatant mistake. A customer calls to buy 100 shares at $10, and the trader by mistake enters ""10 shares at $100"". You get one very happy seller :-) In the USA, it doesn't happen often for sales, because if the trader offers to sell 10 shares at $100, there will be nobody accepting the other.  In Japan, with one dollar equal to 120 Yen, the same mistake would mean that someone wanted to sell 100 shares at 1200 Yen, and the trader enters 1200 shares for 100 Yen, then you will get a happy buyer, and a massive loss."
&gt;The figures released Friday also showed how overtime boosted the salaries of other employees. For example, 24 plumbers earn between $49,000 and $78,000 in base pay, but they collected an average $14,500 on top of that this year. Many toll collectors boosted their base wages of $58,916 to $85,000 or more this year with overtime.    I can't believe this was even mentioned in the same article. That is what it means to work in a trade.
what reason would I have in buying an ETF? Apart from the efforts, the real reason is the ticket size. One can't buy shares in fraction. To truly reflect the index in equal weight, the amount to invest will be in multiples of millions [depending on the Index and the stock composition]   This related question should help you understand why it is difficult even for large fund house to exactly mimic the index. Why do passive ETFs require so much trading (and incur costs)?
Honestly not sure what my focus is yet because I haven't taken upper level classes. However, out of all of the electives, the ones that sound the most interesting for me are: Risk Management, Derivatives Securities, Applied Portfolio Mgmt, Global Financial Mgmt.  I understand what you mean about RE.
All other things being equal, you might be better off contributing to a IRA that is a brokerage account.  You will have lots of flexibility in your investments and there would probably not be fees for the account itself.  You might incur commissions for trading and/or owning mutual funds that are charged by the funds themselves.   You won't be able to borrow from an IRA, as opposed to a 401K.  IMHO, that is a good thing. Are you suggesting that you would withdraw early from a retirement account?  You'd probably be better off not doing that.  Assuming a large salary, you would be paying 43% to withdraw your money early.  Would you accept a loan at 43% interest?   You are probably better off not putting the money in in the first place to accomplish your goals, then withdrawing it early. Most people opt for a 401K for two reasons.  The company match and ease of investment make a compelling argument.  Keep in mind if a 401K is available to you, regardless if you particpate, you start phasing out your IRA deduction at 60K a year (single) or 96K (married).  Given your huge salary comments I imagine an IRA would not be an option in your scenario. Given that, if you leave a job, you can roll your 401K balance into a trading account.
S & P Index Announcements would have notes on when there are changes to the index.  For example in the S & P Small-cap 600 there is a change that takes affect on Feb. 19, 2013. As for how index funds handle changes to the fund, this depends a bit on the nature of the fund as open-end mutual funds would be different than exchange-traded funds.  The open-end fund would have to sell and purchase to keep tracking the index which can be interesting to see how well this is handled to keep the transaction costs down while the ETFs will just unload the shares in the redemption units of the stock leaving the index while taking in new shares with creation units of the newly added stock to the index.
You would not owe any taxes in the 2015 year, unless you got exercised and called away in 2015. The premium would be short term capital gains barring some other exception I'm not aware of, and if you retain a gain on the underlying shares then that would still be long term capital gains. If it gets called in say April 2016, is the premium+profit+dividends all long term capital gains for the year 2016? The profits are long term capital gains and the premium serves to lower your cost basis, dividends have their own conditions so you'll have to do separate research on that, fortunately they'll likely be negligible compared to the potential capital gains and options premium.
Funny because no one answered my bosses ad for $30 an hour. But hey who cares about that. I've had illegals try to hire me $20 an hour under the table. Everyone in construction before can get back into it tomorrow.
"You asked for an example of a society without government. I gave one.  I already asked if you were just gonna move goalposts on me. So what, now you're saying ""lol doesn't count, they didn't stay without a government forever""? gimme a break.  &gt;Is medieval Iceland really what this diatribe against taxes really all about?   you asked for an example. I gave one. If you want to dismiss it because ""lol Iceland"" or move the goalposts to ""lol but eventually government happened"", then whatever. play your games."
In general you do not want to show a taxable gain on rental properties if you can avoid it.  One of the more beneficial advantages of owning cash flowing rental properties, is that the income is tax deferred because of the depreciation.  I say deferred, because depreciation affects the cost basis of your property.   Also since you are considering financing, it sounds like you don't need the cash flow currently.  You usually can get better returns by financing and buying more rental properties, especially with investment mortgages at historical lows (Win via inflation over time)
As far as I know, the AMT implications are the same for a privately held company as for one that is publicly traded.  When I was given my ISO package, it came with a big package of articles on AMT to encourage me to exercise as close to the strike price as possible.  Remember that the further the actual price at the time of purchase is from the strike price, the more the likely liability for AMT.  That is an argument for buying early.  Your company should have a common metric for determining the price of the stock that is vetted by outside sources and stable from year to year that is used in a similar way to the publicly traded value when determining AMT liability. During acquisitions stock options often, from what I know of my industry, at least, become options in the new company's stock.  This won't always happen, but its possible that your options will simply translate.  This can be valuable, because the price of stock during acquisition may triple or quadruple (unless the acquisition is helping out a very troubled company). As long as you are confident that the company will one day be acquired rather than fold and you are able to hold the stock until that one day comes, or you'll be able to sell it back at a likely gain, other than tying up the money I don't see much of a downside to investing now.
"It means that the company earned 15 cents per share in the most recently reported quarter. Share price may or not be affected, depending on how buyers and sellers value the company. Just because profits ""jumped,"" does not mean the shares will follow suit. An increase in profits may have already been priced into the stock, or the market expected the increase in profit to be even higher. As the shareholder, you don't actually get any of these profits into your hands, unless the company pays out a portion of these profits as a dividend."
From Kiplinger: Can the money be used at a foreign   college? You can use the money at   hundreds of foreign colleges,   including the University of Toronto,   McGill in Montreal and many other   Canadian schools. If U.S. students at   the school qualify for federal   financial aid, you can use 529-plan or   ESA money to pay the bills without   worrying that you'll lose any of the   tax benefits.
On the surface this sounds ridiculous, which makes me suspect that there might be something that the dealer intends to cling on to; otherwise it sounds like the dealer should be ashamed to even call your son about its own incompetence. I'd recommend politely refusing the request since said mistake didn't happen on your end, and wait to see if the dealer comes back with some sort of argument.
"Really? Why do you think that if they were any good they would be available through regular channels? I like Tupperware. And so do a lot of people-that's why there were so many companies who created their own versions.   Also, what do you mean by a legalized pyramid scheme? I've heard that before and always wondered. My understanding is that a pyramid scheme is based solely on the recruitment of people, and that the ""buy in"" is what pays the people up at the top of the pyramid, and there are no products or services of value rendered."
Lấy vật liệu cao cấp của SMY Plaste đang cải thiện khu vực nhà bếp của bạn có thể từ trang bị các thiết bị mới. Nó có thể là những nỗ lực tốt cho bạn và để rò rỉ hoàn toàn, tăng kích thước của nó, và bao gồm các thiết bị mới, các đơn vị, quầy, và thậm chí cả sàn nhà. Có một sự đổi mới hỗ trợ trong khu vực nhà bếp của bạn hoặc trần nhà cao thực sự có thể làm cho một sự khác biệt lớn trong nhà của bạn. SMY nhận ra hầu hết các dịch vụ trong ngành cung cấp  vach ngan thach cao. Dịch vụ của chúng tôi được đánh giá cao bởi khách hàng của chúng tôi cho các tính năng khác nhau như độ tin cậy. Chúng tôi luôn sẵn sàng giải quyết vấn đề và cung cấp vật liệu tốt nhất cho thạch cao, bền lâu.
yeah but the autonomous cars do things like take them wheels to the gas station and get that automated fill up and pay with a finance algorithm and they clearly take themselves to the car wash maybe these cars need to be different so that interior and exterior can survive a power wash ...
The monthly payment difference isn't that great On a $300K loan, the 30 year monthly payment (at 4%) is $1432, the 15 year (at 3.5%) is $2145, that $712 per month, or 50% higher payment. $712 is the total utility or food bill for a couple. If that $1432 represents 25% of income (a reasonable number) then $2145 is over 35%. I'd rather use that money for something else and not obligate myself at the start of the mortgage.  Given how little we save as a country, the $712 is best put into a matched 401(k) in the US or other retirement account if elsewhere.
"@farnsy has provided a good answer. I'm only addressing my comment about the data quality. The portfolio optimization technique you employed is very sensitive to the inputs. In particular, it relies entirely on the mean and (co)variance assumptions (i.e. the first two moments) and the results could change drastically with very small amount of change in the inputs. To see that, you can make up some inputs for the solver you have, and try adjusting the inputs a little bit and see the results. Therefore if you decide to take this approach, data quality is very crucial. EDIT: What I meant by ""data quality"" I have no experience with this website but this should be easy to spot check. The answer is usually ""yes"" for liquid assets. Illiquid assets can often be priced at a level with no volume, and the bid-ask spread could be huge.  Should I close my eyes on the fact that these cryptocurencies aren't perfectly priced in my currency and use another one (such as the dollar) You seem to have concern about data quality in at least the price quoted in your currency and are thinking about using data quoted in USD, but would it be any better? The law of one price tells us that there shouldn't be any discrepancy between prices in different currencies (otherwise there would be arbitrage). In addition, (when compared to traditional assets) cryptocurrency price data has a shorter data history, and with lower liquidity in the market. The short history means you have less data to infer the characteristics of the price behavior. Low liquidity means the volatility may well be underestimated. So we have an input-sensitive technique combined with not-so-perfect data. I wouldn't allocate my money solely based on the result of this exercise. EDIT: I have quite some reservation about doing portfolio optimization for cryptocurrency. Personally I'm not a fan of the technique as is. The optimization has an underlying assumption that returns follow a certain distribution, and correlation is fixed. I don't know if you can make such assumption for cryptocurrencies. From what I read about BTC for example, it seems to have a high risk exposure concerning Chinese monetary policy. For that kind of assets perhaps a fundamental analysis approach is a better one.  Also if you would like to learn more about portfolio optimization, try quant.SE"
To bring more clarity to the issue, Viriato will be entitle to deduct property tax depending upon whether he is claiming standard deduction (which varies on some factors including filling as married or single) or itemized deduction. If he is claiming, itemized deduction Example 1 is correct. Example 2 suffers from another mistake. He can get refund of only income tax portion of $5000 and not $5000.
I am currently trying out some variations (moving terms around ...) of the formula for the present value of money The relationship between yield and price is much simpler than that. If you pay £1015 for a bond and its current yield is 4.69%, that means you will receive in income each year: 4.69% * £1015 = £47.60 The income from the bond is defined by its coupon rate and its face value, not the market value. So that bond will continue to pay £47.60 each year, regardless of the market price. The market price will go up or down according to the market as a whole, and the credit rating of the issuer.  If the issuer is likely to default, the market price goes down and the yield goes up. If similar companies start offering bonds with higher yields, the market price goes down to make the bond competitive in the market, again raising yield. So if the yield goes up to 4.87%, what is the price such that 4.87% of that price is £47.60? £47.60 / 4.87% = £977.48 Another way to think of it: if the yield goes up from 4.69% to 4.87%, then yield has increased by a factor of: 4.87% / 4.69% = 1.0384 Consequently, market price must decrease by the same factor: £1015 / 1.0384 = £977.48
"They have forever to collect a balance from you.  Furthermore they can add whatever penalties and fees they wish to increase that balance.  Worst of all, they don't have to remind you or send you bills or any other notification.  You owed it when you left the office.  (There very well could be local laws that require notifications, but that isn't really the issue here.) That dentist has every right to deny you service until you settle the account.  Forever. The statute of limitations on collecting that debt via court: http://www.bankrate.com/finance/savings/when-does-your-debt-expire.aspx Which covers the rules on HOW LONG they have to collect the debt.  Owing the money is one thing, but the rules and tools that you creditor has to collect the debt are another.  You are probably worried about them suing you. But if you don't pay the debt (or settle in some way), that dentist can refuse to provide services to you, even if they write off the debt. Ways you can be punished by your dentist for not paying the bill are: Depending on your jurisdiction and/or type of debt, they typically only report it on your credit (if they are reporting at all) for 7 years.  Even if you pay and settle the account, it will still be reported on your credit report for 7 years.  The difference is how it is reported.  They can report that ""user133466 is a super reliable person who always pays debts on time"".  They can say ""user133466 is a flake who pays, but takes a while to pay"".  Or they can say ""user133466 is a bad person to provide services before collecting money, because user133466 don't pay bills"". Other people considering lending you money are going to read these opinions and decide accordingly if they want to deal with you or not. And they can say that for 7 years.  The idea of credit reporting is that you settle up as soon as possible and get your credit report to reflect the truth. One popular way to collect a debt to is to sue you for it.  There, each state has a different time period on how long a creditor has to sue you for a debt. http://www.bankrate.com/finance/credit-cards/state-statutes-of-limitations-for-old-debts-1.aspx If you pay part of the debt, that will often reset the clock on the statute of limitations, so be sure any partial or negotiated settlements state very clearly, in writing, that payment is considered payment in full on the debt.  Then you keep that record forever. There are other interesting points in the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.  See Debt collectors calling? Know your rights.  They can only contact you in certain ways, they must respond to you in certain ways, and they have limits on what they can say, who they can say it to, and when they can say it.  There are protections from mean or vicious bill collectors, but that doesn't sound like who you are dealing with.  I don't know that the FDCPA is a tool you need to use in this case. You should negotiate your debt and try your best to settle up.  From your post, both parties dropped the ball, and both parties should give a little.  You should pay no or minor late fees, and the doctor should report your credit positively when you do so.  If you both made honest mistakes, they both parties should acknowledge that and be fair, and not defensive. This is not legal advice.  But you owe the debt, so you should settle up.  I don't think it is fair for you to not pay because they didn't mail you a paper.  However I also do not think it is fair for the doctor to run up fees and not remind you of the bill. Finally, you didn't bring up insurance or many other details.  Those details can change the answer."
I actually initiated the program by walking in and talking to the SFA. We sat down and talked about how I would advise clients on possible investment strategies. Most people would act as if I kicked their dog, but I guess Americans appreciate their Saturdays, which is understandable.   I got a few bites where a client with a $250,000 money-market account questioned me on a few banking opportunities and so I passed him on to one of our banking specialists (who earn commission) and I didn't see a fucking dollar of that.
Workers don't always create value, though. If a capitalist that owns a company has a vision for something and they piece together a team of marketers and salesman, engineers, managers, and workers, then the value that's being created is based on the initiative of the capitalist. The producers and others involved in the creation of the item or service are a part of that, sure. But the idea that each one of them is going to be given a portion of the margins on that item outside of what their pay is based on is simply ludicrous when the only one risking their actual money is a capitalist.
Every year stories like this come out. Every year the US does not default on its debt. We all should know by now that the US, as a financially sovereign nation that issues its own currency, cannot default on its debt. This fearmongering is just a click-baity waste of time, and yes, a waste of money.
Corona, CA-(May 14th, 2013)-Throw away the messy glue and stick to a fresh idea with Koyal Wholesale’s all new [Washi Tape Collection](http://www.koyalwholesale.com/news/index.html&amp;zenid=320122e77f52f55413d488e69b464eed). Also referred to as Japanese tape, these fun, friendly and useful adhesives merge the conventional purposes of craft paper and tape, and add a dose of style with over 150+ collectible prints to choose from.   The first in its series, these washi tape adhesives include a variety of colors, styles and prints to suite all needs and expectations. These decorative selections include fun classic patterns like Striped washi tapes, Damask washi tapes, Floral Circles washi tapes, Spanish Tile washi tapes, Chevron washi tapes and Polka Dots washi tapes. In addition, [Koyal](http://www.koyalwholesale.com/) also offers styles in colorful prints like the Floral Rose washi tape collection, Floral Daisy washi tape collection, stars washi tape collection, Valentine’s Hearts washi tape collection, Vintage washi tape collection, Mustache washi tape collection, Wedding washi tape collection, and Birthday washi tape collection. Each tape measure about 10 yards or 15 mm wide, and is easily removed and repositioned when needed.   Washi paper, first produced in Japan, refers to a type of paper typically used for hand-made arts and crafts such as origami, a form of Japanese hand-crafting. Utilizing this concept and adding in an adhesive purpose, these Japanese decorative tapes are great for a variety of practices including scrap-booking, event decorating, gift wrapping, as dessert table embellishments, and other DIY (do-it-yourself) arts and crafts.   Wrap them around cake pop sticks or vintage paper straws, embellish your wooden cutlery, or use them over sticks as pennant flags to pair with your favorite cupcake wrappers, also available at Koyal Wholesale. Shop now and get stuck on all of Koyal’s Washi Tape styles offered!
Private sector jobs are way above the pre-recession peak. The only reason there aren't more total jobs than before the recession is [enormous public sector layoffs](http://www.calculatedriskblog.com/). The fact that there has been some rebound in government hiring isn't really a bad thing.
I beg to differ: Israel has an incredibly well managed central bank, and the usury market is wonderfully competitive.  It's a shame Stanley Fischer has retired.  His management is the case study in central bank management. Rates are low because inflation is low.  The nominal rate is irrelevant to return because a 2% nominal return with 1% inflation is superior to a 5% nominal return with 9% inflation. A well-funded budget is the best first step, so now a tweak is necessary: excess capital beyond budgeting should be moved quickly to internationally diversified equities after funding, discounted and adjusted, longer term budgets. Credit will not pay the rate necessary for long term investment.  Higher variance is the price to pay for higher returns.
I agree but...  ( i didn't read the article in its entirety!)  but if her business was grossing $300k per year...  and for her to fall so hard in such a short time, tells me that even with such a large income, she was still living beyond her means.
"&gt;They compensate me fairly for doing work that I mostly enjoy.  I cant relate to your sentiment.  I work for an intercontinental grocery company, as a Janitor and Stocker for one of their local stores in the US.  I work swing shift for minimum wage as a Part Time employee.  No benefits.  Meanwhile, I sometimes work 15 hour shifts (anything over 12 is illegal for part timers, iirc).  I have worked every hour of the 24 hour clock inside the span of three days, and still not seen a day off for another week, while still not earning overtime for that week.  I've gotten 8 hours some weeks, and 39.8 hours other weeks, without any predictability.    I cannot even fully trust the work schedule they publish on Thursday for the following week beginning that coming Sunday.  With as little as three days notice with the posted schedule, I am on call to work, or have my shift cancelled, even after I am clocked in for that shift.  In the end, I am on call 24/7.  And I'm even expected to actively ""represent the company"" while off the clock, as free advertising.  No, not simply the ""don't do anything that would reflect poorly on your employer,"" but to actively (without any structured guidance, because that would turn it into labor, and necessitate pay) talk with neighbors and strangers about our low low prices.  If we don't spend our own free time to study the ads and specials, we recieve a public shaming among our peers.    There is not a single thing that I enjoy about my job.  Some of the other people working there aren't half bad.  But the best ones usually walk out or get fired for wanting little things like ""respect"".  I actually went to college.  I have job skills.  I almost didn't get hired because of this - but you know, I convinced them I was desperate to have *something* getting me by.  A few former college classmates who also work/ed there vouched for me on that.  I've charted how the quantity of most products going off of special that our computers order actually assumes the same number of sales as when it was *on special!*  I was in the process of deriving a better algorithm for this... and I enjoy *that* work.  But after I pointed this problem out to my manager, I was laughed at.  We literally throw away entire dumpsters full of product every month because it passes the expiration date, and management groans and complains about this. Yet my observation of how this happens was laughed at and shrugged off.  And just the icing on this cake: I still haven't gotten that second work shirt that I was promised after 90 days.  I've been there for 8 months.  Those long hours on back to back to back days don't always give me the opportunity to do laundry.  Then they complain when I reek at work, sweating as I rush the 20+ pound boxes of cat litter onto the shelves.    Fuck 'em.  Fuck 'em hard, fuck 'em long, and fuck 'em with something hard, sandpapery, and with splinters.  Gimme a few more months to demonstrate that I can hold a job, and I'm going to get a job at...   Fuck, everywhere else around here is just like this, and I don't know the people or have a portfolio of works in fields where I could actually use my Math degree."
The stupid thing is, people will probably not mute the television anymore and end up listening to the ad.  Advertisers are like overstimulated children. They probably know they shouldn't do something so completely obnoxious but they're too fucking tryhard to control themselves.
"That was a little longer than five minutes, more like twenty. Fire isn't really a ""product"". Wireless capabilities - be more specific.   Theft implies that you didn't implicit mean for it to be taken. The fact that you live here, and are a citizen relays *implicit* concession to *give* that money to the government.   So, let's hear it - what is this ""better way to collect revenue""?"
IB will get you in the ballpark but Lightspeed obviously for the more low latency stuff. You can colo w Lightspeed at Nasdaq and can get direct market data feeds etc. that's not something I'd recco for someone starting out... Expensive for most budgets. Once you get going though, worth it. IB will let you work with opportunities on the 50-100ms level.  I don't think telling these guys to go with NewEdge from day one and colo globally would really help anyone get started algo trading. Wouldn't have the capital or scale. Trying to give actual useful advice to them.
Things earned can be easily taken away in a time of crisis with the flick of a pen, you are probably better off preparing yourself by means of being self-sufficent, independant, capable and skilled in a profession that is likely to be in demand regardless of the crisis at hand. Bad things will happen to you, it might be the stock market or the rise of hyper-intelligent bunnies, a good investor would say diversify your risk and be prepared for anything.
Maximum FSA contribution amounts are set by the IRS.  For tax year 2015 you are allowed to place no more than $2,550 (and same maximum for 2016) in an FSA account, tax-free.   Your employer's plan year is not relevant to the IRS for this purpose. It's important to note that one interesting benefit to FSA accounts is the full amount of your annual contribution is available to you on the first day of the plan year; it is not a money-in money-out plan.
I don't quite understand the NYSE argument that the credit system helps NASDAQ undercut NYSE on pricing and force brokers to trade on NASDAQ. I thought if you were trading a stock listed on NASDAQ, you traded through them and if you were trading a stock listed on NYSE, you'd trade over there. The choice of exchange coming down to the stocks you want to trade more than anything. Are the exchanges also acting as endpoints on trades for securities listed on the other exchange?
That's some really fucking stupid reasoning.  Cost of production has no bearing on how much something is worth.  That's why a fashion brand can sell a t-shirt they made for 5 bucks for 200 and an unsuccessful business will manufacture stuff and then sell it at a loss hoping to break even in the future.   Anyone could invent a crypto coin that costs 1 billion to mint one.  Doesn't mean it's worth 1 billion if nobody is willing to pay that for it.  It means if you spent 1 billion making one, you're a moron.
So you're saying it doesn't make economic sense to mine? That is very much already the common consensus within the Bitcoin community, it is too late for most to get into the mining game at this point. It is still a necessary process though because the proof of work is what secures the network against attacks. That said, Bitcoin is not the only cryptocurrency, and there are other coins are mined in more efficient manners.
&gt; It seems like another way to have more artificial leverage in the future market, without having to borrow any money.   Leverage is plentiful in the futures markets, and without borrowing.  &gt; Why aren't future options talked about more?   Because they don't as easily connect to predictions that people mean to make. Because they have worse pricing because people are paying more along the way. Because they lack volume.  But they're talked about and used plenty. There's not much to them that there isn't to equity options at a low level.  &gt; It seems like a safer way to play commodities compared to just futures.  You mean hedging your futures contracts? Yes, the people who want to do that buy options.
I flew almost 80 times last year.  Unless you're flying Spirit or one of those other garbage airlines, it's not nearly as bad as you make it out to be.  Yes, there will be flights where the person in the middle is taking up some of your seat.  Fly with Virgin, Delta or American and it's not that bad.  Not to mention there are plenty of Economy Plus seats on airlines now that provide extra room but also aren't 2x-3x the cost like First Class is.
This is me. Maryland Live Casino / Charlestown are way closer to me (being in Virginia), they are nicer, newer, and much more lively.  My friends and I used to road trip to AC once a year. Now, I'll be surprised if I ever visit again given my options.
What is the relationship between inflation and interest rates? notes a relationship between inflation and interest rates that would suggest high inflation would imply higher interest rates that would mean less loans as money becomes more expensive in a sense. In contrast, in times of low inflation then rates may be low and thus there is a greater chance of people and businesses wanting loans.
First a business should produce where it can most efficiently produce product.  If I make clothing and I can get 16 times the work force making 16 times the t shirts I would go there.  By introducing more t shirts to the market I make them cheaper to buy for consumers like yourself.  20 years ago did you own a computer?  How much was it to buy?  How much would a computer cost now?  What kind of things do you own now compared to 20 years ago?  Every has much more buying power now than 20 years ago.
As we know Logix cyber park sector 62 Noida is one of the leading IT Business park which is loaded with all modern amenities. Many MNC operates here 24 X 7 you will also find public convince, food , safety in the night6 hours also. If you are looking office space in  Logix cyber park sector 62 Noida then call us at 9910006454.
Also find a way to sell some products to people you drive so they spend more money with you. For example a photo of them on your TukTuk or a small toy TukTuk that's also colored yellow like yours. People will buy them for those kids and for memories
I work for a very large company and had a similar situation where I got threatened with my life and when I attempted to quit they wouldn't allow it. I contacted HR, and they didn't do anything. It got to the point of lawyering up to develop a lawsuit; however, filing a lawsuit would make it impossible to find another job.   Best thing to do, find another job. Leave on a high note, and do whatever it takes to avoid them. If you get contacted on why, explain and leave professionally.
"BLUF:  Your question is subjective and as such, the answer varies from person to person.   The rent you ""should be"" paying is the tricky part.  Minimum is whatever is the least you can find.  Maximum is the most you can afford.  To be financially responsible, you would live as close to that minimum as you can bear.  However, this can cause stress if you are trying to subsist on lower than you can actually bear. You have certain expenses that are required to survive.  Housing, clothing, food.  These are your needs.  Everything else is convenience or luxury. Best way to develop a budget is to list the categories of everything you have spent over several months.  Figure out a monthly amount for each one.  Divide them up into groups of things you need, things that make life bearable, and things you can do without.   Then start with your income and figure out how much you bring home each pay period.  When you get paid, allocate the money to your needs until they're all covered.  If there's anything left, fund the second group, then on to the third.  Continue tracking your spending and adjust where you allocate the money.  After 2-3 months, you'll start having a decent idea on how much you actually spend on each category.  You'll probably find areas where you're spending a lot more than you realize.   The method I've just described is the one advised by ""You Need a Budget"" software, but you don't need the software to use the method.  Though it does help. Also, if there's any debt, that goes in with the 'needs' because we all need to pay our bills."
You are still not immune to automation. Unless you own said major corporation you will eventually be booted due to a streamlined algorithm that does your job better than you 1000x faster and cheaper. Yes even coding can be done by algorithms. Good for you for learning new skills but it only delays the inevitable. That is why it is productive having a conversation about what to do when mass employment is a thing of the past, especially since we have already been feeling the effects of automation for the past 10 or so years. I can assure you that shouting at people to pull themselves up by their bootstraps is not the answer.
Paying extra principal is not a complicated decision. You have a rate, say 5%. And you have an after tax rate, say, 3.75% (if you are in the 25% bracket and it's all deductible)  Are you happy to get a 3.75% after tax return?  If you have a retirement plan, and are not getting the full company match, that would be the first priority.  If you have other debt, say a 10% credit card, that's the next priority.  Is the sale soon? If so, I'd imagine you'd prefer to stay liquid, to have the next down payment ready without needing to rent in between.
Are you in a search of limousine service in Orange County? Your search ends at DLS Transportation. We provide Limos, Stretched Hummer, Escalade Limo, Mercedes Benz in orange country for your very special occasions, party, weddings, events etc. We can take you anywhere in Orange County, San Diego, and Los Angeles.
"This effect has much empirical evidence as googling ""dividend price effect evidence"" will show. As the financial economic schools of thought run the gamut so do the theories.  One school goes as far to call it a market inefficiency since the earning power thus the value of an equity that's affected is no different or at least not riskier by the percentage of market capitalization paid. Most papers offer that by the efficient market hypothesis and arbitrage theory, the value of an equity is known by the market at any point in time given by its price, so if an equity pays a dividend, the adjusted price would be efficient since the holder receives no excess of the price instantly before payment as after including the dividend since that dividend information was already discounted so would otherwise produce an arbitrage."
This is a note from my broker, CMC Markets, who use Morningstar: Morningstar calculate the P/E Ratio using a weighted average of the most recent earnings and the projected earnings for the next year. This may result in a different P/E Ratio to those based solely on past earnings as reported on some sites and other publications. They show the P/E as being 9.93. So obviously past earnings would usually be used but you would need to check with your source which numbers they are using. Also, as BHP's results just came out yesterday it may take a while for the most recent financial details to be updated.
Same question had popped up in our office,and we got an answer from one of the senior colleague. He said that we can call it CARC (Compounded Annual Rate of Change).
"It seems like the argument is based in the idea that if you are going to be working 1 or even 2 minimum wage jobs while having trouble feeding/clothing/housing yourself, and ultimately have to leave the city because of that, how is that functionally different than not working? I live in San Francisco and there is a massive problem here with staffing in the service industry because restaurant employees can't afford to live within commuting distance of work.  I do think that the ""something's gotta break"" line of logic is tough because we're talking about people's lives, but I understand the futility of working more than full time to not be able to afford a livelihood as well."
Fan?  Nah, I mean I own an ipod but whatever, it's just an mp3 player.  More to the point, I'm just not a presumptuous prick and I try not to get all emotional about some dude who ran a company, *ONE WAY OR THE OTHER*.    You're just as bad as every asshat that was writing WE LOVE YOU STEVE post it notes on apple stores, you're just the other end of that spectrum, but still just as much of a dick.
The affordability of homes pales in comparison to the cluster fuck that would come about with a drop in population, who’s going to pay for your pension and all the other things that prop up modern society’s. The current pensioners have spent all our wealth, and we in turn have heavily indebted the next generation(s). It’s a ticking time bomb in Europe, Germany is just ahead of the game... as usual.
Source, see if you have access to it Convertible notes are often used by angel investors who wish to fund businesses without establishing an explicit valuation of the company in which they are investing.    When an investor purchases equity in a startup, the purchase price of the equity implies a company valuation.  For example, if an investor purchases a 10 per cent ownership stake in a company, and pay $1m for that stake, this implies that the company is worth $10m. Some early stage investors may wish to avoid placing a value on the company in this way, because this in turn will affect the terms under which later-stage investors will invest in the company.  Convertible notes are structured as loans at the time the investment is made.  The outstanding balance of the loan is automatically converted to equity when a later equity investor appears, under terms that are governed by the terms set by the later-stage equity investor.  An equity investor is someone who purchases equity in a company. Example:- Suppose an angel investor invests $100,000 using a convertible note.  Later, an equity investor invests $1m and receives 10% of the company's shares.  In the simplest possible case, the initial angel investor's convertible note would convert to 1/10th of the equity investor's claim.  Depending on the exact structure of the convertible note, however, the angel investor may also receive extra shares to compensate them for the additional risk associated with being an earlier investor The worst-case scenario would be if the issuing company initially performed well, meaning that the debt would be converted into shares, and subsequently went bankrupt. The converted shares would become worthless, but the holder of the note would no longer have any recourse. Will twitter have to sell their offices and liquidate staff to close this debt? This depends on the seniority(priority) of the debt. Debt is serviced according to seniority. The higher seniority debts will be paid off first and then only the lower seniority debts be serviced. This will all be in the agreements when you enter into a transaction. When you say liquidate staff you mean sell off their assets and not sell their staff into slavery.
"I wouldn't try to tell him what he should do, nor would I provide any financial assistance. Invite him over and tell him how a Dave Ramsey book changed your life or something so that you aren't the one telling him what to do. People in fundamentally and persistently bad situations are like people with addiction problems... they tend to end up ""killing the messenger"" before internalizing that they are in a bad situation. They need to hit rock bottom before you can really help."
Bezos is not a Billionaire because of WaPo, and neither Carlos Slim from Mexico is a Billionaire from owning NYT.  Bezos is reach from Amazon, and he acquired the failing WaPo to advance his political agenda while writing off all the loses from WaPo to reduce his tax bill.  Same with Carlos: he makes money from Telecom in Mexico and he NYT is just for political reasons and tax saving.
"Obviously  what you know of him based upon the products that he sold is enough for you, as some random dickhead on the internet, to be able to know his ""true nature"".  You know just as little as the rest of the world.  Shut the fuck up."
"Chris, Joe's table helps.  but think this way:  there are two ways you can pay the taxes for your side-gig:  either you can send a check quarterly to the Feds, OR, you can overwithhold at your real job to cover taxes at your sidegig.  I'd do this in ""arrears"" -- after you get your first paycheck from sidegig, then adjust your real job's withholding. Except (and Joe neglected this), you're still responsible for Social Security / Medicare Tax from your sidegig.  I suspect your income at real-job is high enough that you stop paying Social Security Tax, so at least at this time of year you won't be subject to 15.4% Social Security Tax.  However, that's NOT true for the 2.9% Medicare Tax.  Remember that because you're an independent contractor being payed without withholding, YOU are responsible not only for the Medicare (and Social Security) taxes you'd be responsible for if a regular employee, but you're also responsible for what your employer's share as well."
In my opinion, if you are doing long-term investing, this is a non-issue.  The difference of hours in being able to trade an ETF during the day vs. only being able to trade a traditional mutual fund at day-end is irrelevant if you are holding the investment for a long time. If you are engaging in day trading, market timing, or other advanced/controversial trading practices, then I suppose it could make a difference. For the way I invest (index funds, long-term, set-it-and-forget-it), ETFs have no advantage over traditional mutual funds.
"I would normally take a cautious, ""it depends"" approach to answering a question like this, but instead I'm going to give you a blunt opinionated answer based solely on what I would do: Even the crap. Get rid of them and get into the boring low fee mutual funds.  I was in a similar situation a few years ago, almost. My retirement accounts were already in funds but my brokerage account was all individual stocks.  I decided I didn't really know what I was doing despite being up by 30+% (I recognize that it was mostly due to the market itself being up, I was lucky basically). The way I cashed out was not to sell all at once. I just set up trailing stops on all of them and waited until they hit the stops. The basic idea was that if the market kept going up, the point at which they got sold also went up (it was like a 10% trail I think), and once things started to turn for that stock, they would sell automatically.  Sure I sold some at very temporary dips so I missed out on some gains but that's always a risk with a trailing stop and I really didn't care at that point.  If I had to do it again, I might forget all that and just sell all at once.  But I feel a lot better not being in individual stocks."
"Republican ""leaders"" say ""Fuck you democrats and fuck you even more voters!"": Democrats say ""wha wha wha"". Nobody gives a shit about this country any more. France offered to take in US scientists though, I guess that's the only option nowadays"
"Yes, in your laughably reductionist view, the average scores of black people are lower than the average scores of white people (which are lower than East Asians and Indians), so in your view that would make them stupider, on average. But that's a very misleading and superficial conclusion to draw from everything I've just covered.  You have no sources for your baseless criticism of the IQ metric, you have no understanding of the relative variance between heritable intelligence and individuals, and you have no understanding of how genetics works.  You're clueless, and your attempts to make a data-driven science into ""wah wah I interpret this as WAYCISST"" is truly funny as fuck. Thanks for the luls!"
Before you save too much, have a look at this: http://www.lowestcostcolleges.com The writer of this is working with a guy who has a bachelor's degree at age 18.  Not an associate's, a bachelor's. The cost was something like $15,000, total, and the kid paid for it himself.  No debt.
Get instant eApproval for your Personal Loan by providing few details. Follow a simple few steps &amp; meet your all sorts of financial needs such as furnishing your home or a family holiday, buying your dream vehicle, unexpected expenses with minimal documentation.
I don't know too much about the kelly criterion, but going by the other answers it sounds like it could be quite risky depending how you use it. I have been taught the first thing you do in trading is protect your existing capital and any profits you have made, and for this reason I prefer and use Position Sizing (PS). The concept with PS is that you only risk a small % of your capital on every trade, usually not more than 1%, however if you want to be very aggressive then not more than 2%. I use 1% of my capital for every trade. So if you are trading with an account of $40,000 and your risk R on every trade is 1%, then R = $400. As an example, say you decide to buy a stock at $10 and you work out your initial stop to be at $9.50, then our maximum risk R of $400 is divided by the stop distance of $0.50 to get your PS = $400/$0.50 = 800 shares. If the price then drops after your purchase, your maximum loss (subject to no slippage) would be $400.  If the price moves up you would raise your stop until your potential loss becomes smaller and smaller and then becomes a gain once your stop moves above your initial purchase price. The aim is to make your gains be larger than your losses. So if your average loss is kept to 1R or less then you should aim to get your average gains to 2R, 3R or more. This would be considered a good trading system where you will make regular profits even with a win ratio of 50%.
If only there was some kind of balance, you know a way to provide services that are essential, and maybe even have an elected body control natural monopolies, without having to become a totalitarian regime and still maximize standard of living.
Bk loses money in the united states? last year they posted a 233 million dollar profit based on 1.14 billion in sales.... looks like they are just trying to weasel out of paying taxes since they think they found a loop hole.
It's clearly enough of an issue that a significant number of people complained, Coke stopped producing the white cans and reverted back to red. While I agree in theory people SHOULD notice the difference, that's not the reality. There's weight in numbers.
REITs can be classified as equity, mortgage, or hybrid. A security that sells like a stock on the major exchanges and invests in real estate directly, either through properties or mortgages. Trades like equity but the underlying is a property ot mortgage. So you are investing in real estate but without directly dealing with it. So you wouldn't classify it as real estate. CD looks more like a bond.If you look at the terms and conditions they have many conditions as a bond i.e. callable, that is a very precious option for both the buyer and seller. Self occupied house - Yes an asset because it comes with liabilities. When you need to sell it you have to move out. You have to perform repairs to keep it in good condition. Foreign stock mutual fund - Classify it as Foreign stocks, for your own good. Investments in a foreign country aren't the same as in your own country. The foreign economy can go bust, the company may go bust and you would have limited options of recovering your money sitting at home and so on and so forth.
There's a K-Mart across the street from where I work. I *never* go there, and the only reason I would go in is to pick over the carcass if the store was closed. The store looks like it probably did thirty years ago, the merchandise is junk, the selection is piss-poor, they can't compete on price and the people working there don't give a crap.
&gt; Theres so much alarmist populism on reddit  Should there be less 'alarmist' posts?  And did you find my previous post alarming? I'm not calling for our current economic structure to be changed today or tommorow. I just wrote out, as simple as possible, how I see capitalism and why I see it that way.  Should people not express desent?  Do you not think, that if a lot of people are saying the same thing, there might be a reason for it?  I agree that there is a lot of ignorant ideas posted here. Sometimes I post something, only to realize a day later, I said something very ignorant. The flip side of it is, if I had kept silent, I may still hold some of my wrong beliefs.   **edit**: Sorry about the ramble. :D
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.thelowdownblog.com/2017/06/why-data-centric-companies-will-devour.html) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The Amazon-Whole Foods deal signals the dawn of an era in which data-centric web companies will buy more and more real-world assets and seek to turn those into even more data about consumer preferences and behavior.  &gt; The B2C companies with the cleanest and most comprehensive data sets on customer behavior will be the ones that are best positioned to leverage emerging AI strategies and techniques, as Amazon does.  &gt; Companies with high-quality data sets will be better set up for success, and for those without, now is the time to make it a priority.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6k3etz/why_datacentric_companies_will_devour_everyone/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~154801 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **data**^#1 **Amazon**^#2 **customer**^#3 **company**^#4 **buy**^#5"
Perfect, really needed an ELI5 scenario.  So correct me if I'm wrong, what this means is having an NPV of zero of an investment shows that you will be definitely breaking even - and that's better than just having your money lying around doing nothing.  Now let's take a PE example. Why is it that they prefer having an IRR of 20% or more. Why not less?   Is it because 20% takes care of the cost of capital and more? I.e. if your IRR is greater than your cost of capital, it means that all the outflows from the cost of capital still result in an NPV of zero.  But if your IRR is less than your cost of capital, that means you'll make a loss. Correct?  Thanks for your time on this.
At this company, you can get building site signs in an infinite range of colours to suit formal building requirements, evening venues, playgrounds and every other thing. They are made from high quality laminate, Perspex or aluminium.
The government that lies to you about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, about Iraq’s al Qaeda connections, about the Taliban in Afghanistan, about Osama bin Laden, about Libya and Gadhafi, about Iranian nukes, about Syria, about Pakistan, about Yemen and Somalia, about Bradley Manning, about Julian Assange and Wikileaks, indeed about everything under the sun, also lies to you about jobs, unemployment, economic recovery, GDP growth, 9/11, the “terrorist threat,” everything. Try to find anything that the government has said over the past 6 presidential terms that is not a lie.
"Typically investing in only two securities is not a good idea when trying to spread risk. Even though you are in the VTI which is spread out over a large amount of securites it should in theory reduce portfolio beta to zero, or in this case as close to it as possible. The VTI however has a beta of 1.03 as of close today in New York. This means that the VTI moves roughly in exact tandem as ""the market"" usually benched against the S&P 500, so this means that the VTI is slightly more volatile than that index. In theory beta can be 0, this would be akin to investing in T-bills which are 'assumed' to be the risk free rate. So in theory it is possible to reduce the risk in your portfolio and apply a more capital protective model. I hope this helps you a bit."
I would read any and all of the John Bogle books.  Essentially:  We know the market will rise and fall.  We just don't know when specifically.   For the most part it is impossible to time the market. He would advocate an asset allocation approach to investing.  So much to bonds, tbills, S&P500 index, NASDAQ index.  In your case you could start out with 10% of your portfolio each in S&P500 and NASDAQ.  Had you done that, you would have achieved growth of 17% and 27% respectively.  The growth on either one of those funds would have probably dwarfed the growth on the entire rest of your portfolio.  BTW 2013 and 2014 were also very good years, with 2015 being mostly flat. In the past you have avoided risk in the market to achieve the detrimental effects of inflation and stagnant money.  Don't make the same mistakes going forward.
On the other hand, food producers may suffer losses from consumers being scared of stuff due to cultural differences or misunderstandings. Offal is generally not very popular, and ammonia is Windex which doesn't sound like I should be eating it, but if it's completely food safe, then that's a tough situation to solve.
Apple did this with the Newton. They had one fairly good model for sale when they announced a much better colour (which was new) model coming up with way better specs.   This basically ended Newton sales, which were required to fund and justify development of the announced Newton.  Not that the Newton was a certain success, it was that this move certainly doomed it.
The backbone of any Barrier gate, whether automatic or not, is the electric gate motor, the electric device which actually enables the barrier gate to open and close without having to manually push the gate. All types of electric gates and barriers make use of a motor of some kind.
"If you owe the money to A, and B owes you money and goes bankrupt, that has no effect whatsoever on your loan from A.   Obviously.   Your best bet -- while you still owe and are owed by the same company -- is either get them to agree to apply your credit to your debt (reducing it to $30,000) -- or rush to the courthouse and ask a judge to order this done.   You want to do this well before the bankruptcy is filed; too close and someone could object to you having been paid preferentially or ""out of turn"" -- and claw back the money, meaning you now owe it to the bankruptcy trustee.   Your debt to them is, from their perspective, an asset.  It is an asset with a cash value (based on the probability of people in that portfolio paying).  It can be sold to gain some immediate cash instead of more cash over a time period.  This is routine in the debt world.  Before or during the throes of bankruptcy, and depending on what the reorganization plan is, the bank is quite likely to sell your debt to someone else to raise cash - typically a distress sale for a fraction of its principal value (e.g. 20% or $10,000).  That goes into the pool of money to pay creditors such as yourself, and if you're lucky, you'll get some of it.   So good on you, you got $2000 back from the bank and now you owe someone else $50,000.  I'm assuming they owe you $20,000 for IT services or because you put a new roof on their branch, or something like that.  If it's money on deposit at the bank, then two things are true: First, pre-bankruptcy, you can trivially command the bank to dump the entire $20,000 into paying down the debt.  Instantly: done, and irreversible.  The bankruptcy trustee can't claw that back because it was never the bank's money, it was yours.   Second, any civilized country has deposit insurance, which they typically implement by helping another bank buy out your bank, and continue to honor your deposits, so this is seamless and hands-off for you. Your old checks continue to work, your branch just changes their sign.   This deposit insurance has limits, which is only a problem for the very rich (who are dumb enough to put over the limit in one bank)."
Yeah, and multiple countries have gotten rid of their penny and the US is considering it. Not a great model to follow.  The fact that it is going up after being created doesn't change the fact that at any given time minting new ones is more or less break even.
"The 2 months extension is automatic, you just need to tell them that you're using it by attaching a statement to the return, as Pete Becker mentioned in the comments. From the IRS pub 54: How to get the extension.   To use this automatic 2-month extension, you must attach a statement to your return explaining which of the two situations listed earlier qualified you for the extension.  The ""regular"" 6 months extension though is granted automatically, upon request, so if you cannot make it by June deadline you should file the form 4868 to request a further extension. Automatic 6-month extension.   If you are not able to file your return by the due date, you generally can get an automatic 6-month extension of time to file (but not of time to pay). To get this automatic extension, you must file a paper Form 4868 or use IRS e-file (electronic filing). For more information about filing electronically, see E-file options , later.  Keep in mind that the due date is still April 15th (18th this year), so the 6-month extension pushes it back to October. Previous 2-month extension.   If you cannot file your return within the automatic 2-month extension period, you generally can get an additional 4 months to file your return, for a total of 6 months. The 2-month period and the 6-month period start at the same time. You have to request the additional 4 months by the new due date allowed by the 2-month extension.  You can ask an additional 2 months extension (this is no longer automatic) to push it further to December. See the publication. These are extension to file, not to pay. With the form 4868 you're also expected to submit a payment that will cover your tax liability (at least in the ballpark). The interest is pretty low (less than 1% right now), but there's also a penalty which may be pretty substantial if you don't pay enough by the due date. See the IRS tax topic 301. There are ""safe harbor"" rules to avoid the penalty."
"I used to run a telecommunications construction company and left to go back to school so that I could find a job in a ""white collar"" industry. Trade work is great when the money flows, but it's so cyclical that the downturns can rip your company/bank account apart.   My sister that stayed in it is making 85k a year and I'm about to start a 45k a year job out of college. I guess I'll know in 5 years if I made the right choice, but I at least have a lot more job mobility than she does."
TaxTips.ca's Federal Tax Rates page has basic information about income tax in Canada, and it states: Canadian federal income tax is   calculated based on taxable income,   then non-refundable tax credits are   deducted to determine the net amount   payable.  For 2009, every taxpayer can   earn taxable income of $10,320 ($9,600   in 2008) before paying any federal   tax. [...] (emphasis mine) Of course there are also provincial taxes to consider, but generally each province has a basic personal exemption amount.  TaxTips.ca's page for Ontario rates lists $8,881 as the basic personal exemption in Ontario, for 2009.  Find other provinces here.
Ya and they popped because he did, now they're slumping again and he's out with his quick buck. Berkshire is a positive feedback loop these days, anything they choose to invest in will get loads of interest and appreciate in value, making them look like brilliant investors in the process. Not that buffet isn't brilliant, he's clearly proven that over the years, but the Buffet fandom has gone off the rails
A lien is a mechanism to impede legal title transfer of a vehicle, real property, or sometimes, expensive business equipment.  That's why title companies exist - to make sure there are no liens against something before a buyer hands money to a seller. The lien can be attached to a loan, unpaid labor related to the item (a mechanic's lien) or unpaid taxes, and there are other scenarios where this could occur. The gist of all this is that the seller of the vehicle mentioned does not have clear title if there is a lien.  This introduces a risk for the buyer.  The buyer can pay the seller the money to cover the lien (in the case of a bank loan) but that doesn't mean the seller will actually pay off the loan (so the title is never clear!).  This article recommends visiting the bank with the seller, and getting title on-the-spot.  However, this isn't always an option, as a local bank branch isn't probably going to have the title document available, though the seller might be able to make some arrangement for a local branch to have the title available before a visit to pay off the loan. The low-risk approach is for the seller to have clear title before any money changes hands.
There is always going to be people in the lower tier of work. To teach them like a technical high school still means they are going to be in the lower tier, since there aren't magically more jobs when you train someone for them. He's saying your comment is akin to the belief that it adds a chair if you speed up the last person in musical chairs.
Oh Jesus...the FBI (yes, the FBI) thinks there's a huge chance that Russia tried to rig the election so they appointed a special council to finding out. So fake news? Not at all.   And wow. Obviously, a trumpette will bring up Hillary. Guess what, they did cover that. They just don't circlejerk over Hillary like Fox News does.   Just because it challenges your flawed views doesn't make it fake.
I can't believe I didn't mention Spartacus. It started fairly cheesy but it's been amazing since the second half of season 1.   I'll have to look at the rest of those . Well I've seen Awake and loved the premise, but it went too far into cop procedure for me, but it's a shame it got canceled. It was good.
"I found a blogger at US News as well as some people on a forum suggesting that, if you have another bank account, you may be able to do it by using that other account to initiate an electronic funds transfer (aka ACH).  They say that even a PayPal payment may work.  However, the former says that ""whether or not this trick works can vary from bank to bank."" You could try doing that and see if it works.  I don't think there is any way to know for sure what they would consider a ""boan fide"" direct deposit without asking them, and if you ask them they will get wise to your game."
"The answer is, there are a lot of answers! It always seems so daunting to start saving when you're living paycheck to paycheck and anticipate more bills on the way (kids are expensive!!). Start small, and make it automatic if you can. If you can take $25 out of every paycheck and put it into a savings account, and do this automatically using your bank's Bill Pay system, that will go a long way. It's about setting up a new habit for yourself, and increasing as you can. One way I've heard it phrased is ""Pay yourself first"".  Don't set unrealistic expectations for yourself, either. You need to start building a savings account to cover emergencies, not just future purchases. If something happens and you can't get a paycheck for a week, a month, 2 months, how will you pay your bills? Set up a savings account just for that purpose and don't touch it unless it's a true emergency. There are several banks out there that will let you set up multiple savings accounts and mark them for specific purposes, like CapitalOne's 360 accounts. Set one up for the emergency account that gets your automatic per-paycheck deposit, then set up another one for ""fun money"" or ""new home fund"" or whatever else you want to save up for.  Starting the savings process is hard, no doubt about it. You need to learn how to budget with the money you have after ""paying yourself first"". But the important part is to stick with it. Consider your savings account as another ""mandatory"" utility. You have to pay it $25/mo or risk...I don't know...a smack on the back of the head. If you wait until the end of the month to see what you have left after everything else, you'll find you don't have anything left. If you can set it up through your bank so when you get your paycheck it automatically puts $25 into a savings account, then you'll never have that $25 burning a hole in your pocket. If your paychecks aren't direct deposit, and you're physically cashing them when you receive them, then tell the bank teller to put $25 into your savings account.  You can do it! Make sure your wife is on board and you communicate the importance of setting up a savings account and work together to make it happen. Be patient, and realize that $25 may seem like a trivial amount to put away now, but after 24 paychecks (1 year depending on pay schedule), that's $600! (Plus interest but rates are too low now to worth noting that)."
"Maybe it's a slightly different interpretation of ""slowing down"" that you're referring too, but selective procrastination can definitely save you money.  It's basically a technique for advertisement resistance:  When I see some item that I want (but really have no need for), I just procrastinate getting it.   This mostly involves just not actively going out and getting it, waiting for it to go on sale (and then waiting for a better sale), and just generally being lazy about it.  If I still want it by the time I get around to it, then it's usually something that I consider worth its value.   Usually though, after a month or two, I've forgotten about it altogether and moved on to the next thing.   This is most effective in avoiding buying the latest tech gadgets and depending on your gadget consumption can save you hundreds.  I'm currently procrastinating buying an iPad until it either goes down in price, a nice alternative shows up, or I decide that it's worth getting myself to an Apple Store - or I decide it's not worth the hype altogether."
Based on my experience with OpenQuant, which is a development platform for automated trading strategies (and therefore can be easily be used for backtesting your personal strategy), I can give a little insight into what you might look for in such a platform.  OpenQuant is a coding environment, which reads data feeds from a variety of sources (more on that in the second point), and runs the code for your strategy on that data and gives you the results. The data could be imported from a live data feed or from historical data, either through numerous API's, CSV/Excel, etc. You can write your own strategies using the custom C# libraries included with the software, which spares you from implementing your own code for technical indicators, basic statistical functions, etc. Getting the data is another issue. You could use joe's strategy and calculate option prices yourself, although you need to exercise caution when doing this to test a strategy. However, there is no substitute for backtesting a strategy on real data. Markets change over time, and depending on how far back you're interested in testing your strategy, you may run into problems. The reason there is no substitute for using real data is that attempting to replicate the data may fail in some circumstances, and you need a method of verifying that the data you're generating is correct and realistic. Calculating a few values, comparing them to the real values, and calibrating accordingly is a good idea, but you have to decide for yourself how many checks you want to do. More is better, but it may not be enough to realistically test your strategy. Disclaimer: Lest you interpret my post as a shameless plug for the OpenQuant platform, I'll state that I found the interface awful (it looked vaguely like Office 2000 but ten years too late) and the documentation woefully incomplete. I last used the software in 2010, so it may have improved in the intervening years, but your mileage may vary. I only use it as an example to give some insight into what you might look for in a backtesting platform. When you actually begin trading, a different platform is likely in order.  That being said, it responded fairly quickly and the learning curve wasn't too steep. The platform wasn't too expensive at the time (about $700 for a license with no data feeds, I think) but I was happy that the cost wasn't coming out of my pocket. It's only gotten more expensive and I'm not sure it's worth it.
You're confusing a lot of things here. Company B LLC will have it's sales run under Company A LLC, and cease operating as a separate entity These two are contradicting each other. If B LLC ceases to exist - it is not going to have it's sales run under A LLC, since there will be no sales to run for a non-existent company. What happens is that you merge B LLC into A LLC, and then convert A LLC into S Corp. So you're cancelling the EIN for B LLC, you're cancelling the EIN for A LLC - because both entities cease to exist. You then create a EIN for A Corp, which is the converted A LLC, and you create a DBA where A Corp DBA B Shop. You then go to the bank and open the account for A Corp DBA B Shop with the EIN you just created for A Corp. Get a better accountant. Before you convert to S-Corp.
Think about Wall Street. It's the most highly paid occupation in the world and it's nothing but a casino. I don't think the article is saying that success is only luck, or that there aren't successes built far more on genius than luck, but that luck is the main factor in the majority of cases of great wealth.
##Vitamin C Vitamin C, also known as ascorbic acid and L-ascorbic acid, is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement. As a supplement it is used to treat and prevent scurvy. Evidence does not support use in the general population for the prevention of the common cold. It may be taken by mouth or by injection.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove
Everyone has a price. If nobody is selling shares, then increase the price you will buy them for. And then wait. Somebody will have some hospital bills to pay for eventually. I buy illiquid investments all the time, and thats typically what happens. Great companies do not have liquidity problems.
"I learned just how stupid and useless Gartner Magic Quadrants were many years ago when I was working at a public utility that was trying to use one to determine ""which web server to use."" (I kid you not)  I had one look at the thing and immediately noticed what *wasn't* there: Apache.  This was about 10 years ago when Apache owned like 75% of all websites on the internet (before Microsoft bribed various DNS parking sites)."
Agreed, early in the article one of the owners compares themselves to their german competitors that eat $200+k of their lunch regularly because they lack staff to keep up with demand.   Germany does not traditionally drug test every position up and down the chain. They generally only do it if you are responsible for narcotics (pharma), running heavy equipment or handling something that would kill people if you screwed up. If you are a cashier, desk worker or laborer you do not get tested as it is considered an invasion of privacy.
: In this we take a look at some top steps that can be taken to maintain pavers Sydney. In this first step, you should determine the movement or settling of pavers. According to the suppliers of heron blocks includes power washing and for this, ideal pressure is 2700 PSI.
How is that the wrong use of marginal? Its marginal in that it is small. Not marginal in the economic sense, which is what I think you think I meant.   You operating on the premise that loans for advanced education is the right model. I disagree wholeheartedly. Make public university free and crank up the standards. Not that hard.
You had me until:  &gt; especially on taxes to do business  Well, not really had, but anyways: The taxes business pay in the US are not onerous.  In fact, far too many pay little to no taxes.  The bigger the company,  the less it pays back.  It also takes a generations to go through the theoretical cycle you describe.
Considering that we are in a low-interest rate period (the lowest in history), it's smart to loan money from the bank to reinvest in property or other investments as far as you get a better yield (ROI) than the interest.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/scpwps/ecb.wp2073.en.pdf) reduced by 99%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Inflation Housing Demand + 0 + + 0 0 Mon Pol  +  + 0 0 Loans Supply Lend Rates 0 +  0  + A. Supply A. Demand +  + + The first column lists the endogenous variables of the VAR, which react to the shocks reported in the first row: housing demand shocks, monetary policy innovations, shocks to the credit supply, aggregate supply and demand shocks.  &gt; The patterns used to distinguish aggregate demand and supply shocks are commonly used in the literature, we are able to discriminate house prices shocks from loans supply and lending rates shocks on the ground of economic theory.  &gt; In Spain, in the absence of other shocks, if the growth rates of real consumption had been driven exclusively by housing demand shocks, they would have been largest around 1995 and 2004, and lowest in 2012.18 The cumulative effect of housing demand shocks is rather muted in the remaining countries.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6gxbr4/ecb_house_prices_and_monetary_policy_in_the_euro/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~142717 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **shock**^#1 **price**^#2 **House**^#3 **housing**^#4 **policy**^#5"
"In the US, usury is complicated and depends on the type of account, the bank charter and the where the bank makes credit decisions. Most major US credit cards are issued by entities in Utah, South Dakota and Delaware. None of these states have usury limits. Many states have usury limits. In New York, for example a loan may not exceed 16% interest, if the institution is supervised by the State.  Credit card issuers are usually chartered as ""National Associations"" (ie Federally chartered banks regulated by the Comptroller of the Currency). There is no Federal usury statute, and Federally chartered banks are allowed to ""export"" many of the regulations of the state where credit decisions are made. Small states like South Dakota basically design their banking regulations to meet the needs of the banks, which are major employers."
nowhere near enough information to really help you.  Price it to an IRR of about 25% in 4 years as your business has little to no history.  For small business in most sectors you can use a rule of thumb, 2x net + FFE.  For me personally, I wouldn't touch a business only 6 months old.
I can understand the appeal of this service. However, I don't think there are a lot of barrier to entry in this business model. What's stopping local grocery stores offering same service?   The only advantage with blue apron I see is limited choices to prevent choice paralysis.
According to this section in Publication 15:  Collecting underwithheld taxes from employees.   If you withheld no   income, social security, or Medicare taxes or less than the correct   amount from an employee's wages, you can make it up from later pay to   that employee. But you’re the one who owes the underpayment.   Reimbursement is a matter for settlement between you and the employee.   [...] it seems that if the employer withheld less than the correct amount of FICA taxes from you, it is still the employer who owes your FICA taxes to the government, not you. I do not believe there is a way for you, an employee (not self-employed), to directly pay FICA taxes to the government without going through the employer. The employer can deduct the underwithheld amount from you future paychecks (assuming you still work for them), or settle it with you in some other way. In other words, you owe the employer, and the employer owes the government, but you do not directly owe the government. If they do deduct it from your future pay, then they can issue a corrected W-2, to reflect the amount deducted from you. But they cannot issue a corrected W-2 that says FICA were deducted from you if it wasn't.
Don't be a coward. Speak your mind as you have been. By your voting habits, I can figure out what type of lunatic I'm dealing with.   Have you ever read the Koran? Don't take my word for it, here, have a look:  http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/quran/violence.aspx  You might want to rethink the terrorist organization you are defending in the name of actual religions.
Correct, long/short strategies should have zero beta with the stock market. But this is intentional, and investors in true *hedged* funds seek this *portable alpha* as a complement to their long-only sleeve in the portfolio.  My question is: if for example, you are long low P/E stocks, and a short high P/E stocks what *creates* the alpha? Your portfolio should have zero beta. I believe in the long-run this long/short P/E strategy [generates ~300 basis points of return per year (un-levered)](http://mba.tuck.dartmouth.edu/pages/faculty/ken.french/data_library.html).  Is not reasonable to assume if returns from long only investing is driven by beta (and investors use 6% to 12% discount rates in their valuation models), then an an un-levered long/short strategy should always under-perform a long-only strategy in the long-run. The purpose of long/short strategies is not to beat long-only investing, it is to create [portable alpha](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portable_alpha).  In fact, at a high level of abstraction, the *average* long/short strategy should not earn a return greater than the risk free rate in the long-run because the strategy has zero beta.
They can, but in very good ways such as helping to [prevent breast cancer.](https://nutritionfacts.org/topics/soy/) Soy once had a bad rap but that was based on some bad science and jumps to conclusions without looking at the whole picture, thank you Fox News circa 2009 I believe. It's a perfectly fine food to eat but like any food should be eaten in moderation and a minimally processed form for the best benefits.
With regard to commodity futures, a paper released in January 2010 by Aulerich, Irwin, and Garcia, concluded that index funds have essentially no impact on commodity futures. Looking at stocks, a stock that gets included in a major index does increase in price. It increases its turnover by 27% and increases its price by between 2.7% and 5.5%, according to information cited by Kula in this paper, though it looks like the price increase tends to happen in the lead up to the stock being included. Interestingly, I have read an article but cannot now locate it, which states that there's a measurable, albeit fairly small, price bubble on stocks included in common indexes, on Monday mornings, Friday afternoons, and at the start and end of the month. That is, the times when mutual funds are most likely to rebalance their holdings. This almost certainly applies to a lesser extent to other stocks, too. My understanding is that the price difference was very small, however. Generally speaking, stocks which make part of well-known indexes will tend to be in higher demand than stocks which do not. It remains the case that almost all actively-managed mutual funds are unable to consistently beat the indexes, even with this taken into account.
Actually it is because of trade tariffs/import tax which the US charges on automobiles. The big auto manufacturers in the US have lobbied extensively to help increase the cost of vehicles manufactured overseas and imported into the US. So as a work around, international auto manufacturers set up plants within the US so as to avoid paying some of the import tariffs.
&gt; If my memory isn't too bad, they were aiming to cancel 80% of their new shows after one season.   Your memory is off.  Netflix renewed 93% of its shows, and had to defend the rate of renewal.  They keep the majority of what they make going.  Probably smarter to do that as creating a new show is more expensive than more episodes of something you have sets for.
The thing is simply this, if it were not for Israeli control of America's economy, the Fed the Treasury . . .America would not be arming Israel and spending billions of dollars in Military Aid.   The Palestinians, can't even get water and medical supplies because Israel has been blockading them for the last decade.  As America's economy fails and Military power wanes and its opinion is no longer of any importance and the world comes to openly admit that Israel is the root cause of terrorism and the facilitator, financier and operator of Groups like ISIS, things will change. While you may not be disarmed, it will indeed be fun to watch brave Israeli forces fight an armed Palestinian force with the ability to hit back meaningfully.  I am sure Middle east peace will find you a lot quicker
Smart cars are highway legal and pass crash test safety standards.  Making them much more expensive than they need to be.  And yeah, they suck to drive because they're under powered for their weight.  There are much better alternatives.  [For example all of these cars are illegal, or regulated out of usefulness, in the US.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kei_car) And they're the prime size of vehicle for commuter electric cars right now.  However, they would never pass a crash test at highway speeds.  There's a similar class of cars in India and Europe, I just happen to like the Kei trucks myself.
If you were going to spend money to get laid, why would you not get a real woman?  I fear the true danger of AI is that if they ever put a working one into one of these things and get it to move reasonably, real women will become obsolete.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-07/opioid-use-explains-20-of-drop-in-american-men-from-labor-force) reduced by 65%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Opioid use by American men may account for one-fifth of the decline in their participation in the U.S. labor force, according to a study by Princeton University economist Alan Krueger.  &gt; &amp;quot;The opioid crisis and depressed labor-force participation are now intertwined in many parts of the U.S.,&amp;quot; Krueger, who was chief economist at the Treasury Department in the Obama administration, wrote in the study released Thursday at a Brookings Institution conference in Washington.  &gt; Krueger&amp;#039;s study echoes previous research that attributes most of the decline in labor force participation since the early 2000s to an aging population and young people choosing school over work.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6yozd6/opioid_use_could_explain_20_of_the_drop_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~205982 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **labor**^#1 **force**^#2 **Krueger**^#3 **work**^#4 **participation**^#5"
The very link the OP provided focuses on a group of people who lost their jobs to H1B imports.  The people coming in had no special skillset and the people who lost their jobs were required to spend months training their replacements or forfeit their severance pay.
"That depends, really. Generally speaking, though - Roth IRAs are THE PLACE for Stock-Market/Mutual-Fund investing. All the off the wall (or, not so off the wall) things like Real Estate investments, or buying up gold, or whatever other ideas you hear from people - they may be good or bad or whatnot. But your Roth IRA is maybe not the best place for that sort of thing.  The whole philosophy behind IRAs is to deliberately set aside money for the future. Anything reasonable will work for this. Explore interesting investment ideas with today's money, not tomorrow's money. That being said - at your age I would go for the riskier options within what's available.  If I were in your situation (and I have been, recently), I would lean toward low-fee mutual funds classified as ""Growth"" funds.  My own personal opinion (THIS IS NOT ADVICE) is that Small Cap International funds are the place to be for young folks. That's a generalized opinion based on my feel for the world, but I don't think I'm personally competent to start making specific stock picks. So, mutual funds makes sense to me in that I can select the fund that generally aligns with my sense of things, and assume that their managers will make reasonably sound decisions within that framework. Of course that assumption has to be backed up with reputation of the specific MF company and the comparative performance of the fund relative to other funds in the same sector. As to the generalized question (how else can you work toward financial stability and independence), outside of your Roth IRA: find ways to boost your earning potential over time, and buy a house before the next bubble (within the next 18 months, I'm GUESSING)."
Something with an FDIC guarentee, so a bank. With an emergency fund, I think the 'return of capital' is more important than the 'return on the capital', so I'm fine with putting it in a standard savings account in a local bank(not an internet account) even if it pays next to nothing. The beauty is that since the bank is local, you can walk in and withdraw it all during any weekday.
You 5 downvoters are literally the first people I've ever heard that are ostensibly pro high frequency trading.   I still haven't heard a convincing argument that it's anything more than a parasite on the trading economy.    Premise 1.  High frequency traders earn billions of dollars.  Premise 2.   No goods or valuable services are produced.  Where am I wrong?  What is valuable about having a computer trade fractions of ownership of a company back and forth thousands of times a second?
A financial advisor is a service professional.  It is his/her job to do things for you that you could do for yourself, but you're either too busy to do it yourself (and you want to pay somebody else), or you'd rather not. Just like some people hire tax preparers, or maids, or people to change their oil, or re-roof their houses. Me, I choose to self-manage.  I get some advise from Fidelity and Vanguard.  But we hired somebody this year to re-roof our house and someone else to paint it.
Here are the topics covered under the Canadian HR professional designation which would be similar in the US: - strategy (what does the company need from their people to achieve their strategic goals) - engagement - total rewards (pay, benefits, recognition) - labour and employee relations (dealing with unions, coaching, performance management, discipline &amp; terminations) - learning &amp; development - HR metrics and reporting and financial management - professional practice (employment law, ethics) - workforce planning and talent management (recruitment, organizational design) - health, wellness and safe workplace
Here's what I'd do: Pay off the cards and medical. Deposit 35k in the best interest bearing accounts you can find (maybe some sort of ladder).  Link your student loans payments to this account. This frees up $486 a month in income, and generates a small amount of interest at the same time. Now, set up some sort of retirement account.  Put $400 a month in it. This leaves you with $86 a month to use as you please. You still have $10 000 cash, out of which you could buy an inexpensive used car, and bank some as emergency funds.
"Hopefully you forgot the ""/s"" at the end of your post.  You mean the [special skills that Disney](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/14/us/judge-says-disney-didnt-violate-visa-laws-in-layoffs.html) requires?  Really the only special skill is doing the same skill for a lot less and being tied to a specific company.   [More here](http://fortune.com/2017/05/03/h-1b-visa-infosys/)"
Earthmoving equipment hire is a completely different thing from hiring other things required in a construction project. You should try and contact the companies that have all the equipments needed by you so that you don’t have to rush from one supplier to another to complete the required fleet.
"Your explanation is nearly perfect and not ""hand wavy"" at all. Stock prices reflect the collective wisdom of all participating investors. Investors value stocks based on how much value they expect the stock to produce now and in the future. So, the stability of the stock prices is a reflection of the accuracy of the investors predictions. Investor naivity can be seen as a sequence of increasingly sophisticated stock pricing strategies: If investors were able to predict the future perfectly, then all stock prices would rise at the same constant rate. In theory, if a particular investor is able to ""beat the market"", it is because they are better at predicting the future profits of companies (or they are lucky, or they are better at predicting the irrational behavior of other investors......)"
"There are services, usually associated with real estate agents, that provide apartment search services for relocating professionals. I was very underimpressed when I was offered the use of such a service and did better on my own, but I did have the company paying for a hotel room while I searched so I had time to investigate alternative channels -- and in fact found and took a place being offered by a co-worker's father. But if you're really looking for ""a room"" in a shared living situation, and you aren't already on campus talking to other students, I agree that the school's housing office, or the dorms and/or fraternity houses and/or independent living groups are your best bet.  In a college town most roommate openings get snapped up pretty quickly and are more likely to go to someone who is a known or vouched-for quantity."
weird holdover from the bad old days when you had to do arithmetic by hand I would guess.  Stocks used to trade in 1/8ths, so bonds trading in even smaller increments makes sense.  Also (and I am unsure if this is still true) U.S. bonds trade on a 360 day year (or used to anyway) for the same reason... 360 divides well into months and quarters (for easier math) whereas 365 is considerably harder.  Most of the world now trades in decimals and 365/365 years so I am unsure why the U.S. doesn't.  Institutional inertia I would guess.
From your question, it seems your problem is that you have a company that wants to make a deal, but does not currently have enough money to go through with it. Therefore it needs to raise capital. Assuming that you cannot get a loan from a bank and you do not want to seek funding from other sources, the two owners must provide the funds themselves somehow. Option A: The easiest and fairest way to do this is for the two shareholders to provide 75%, and 25% of the funding as a loan to the company. They will provide this loan knowing it may not be paid back if the company goes under. Note that it would not be fair for one of the shareholders to provide more, as that shareholder would be taking all the risk, while the other still reaps the rewards (although you could add a large interest rate to account for this). Option B: But say one of the shareholders cannot provide additional funds. In that case, the company should issue new shares, and each shareholder can purchase however many of the new shares he/she wants (each shareholder is entitled to purchase at least 75% or 25% respectively, but does not have to). The result of this may be that company ownership percentages have changed after the capital raising. This is more complex as it require valuing the company accurately to be fair, and probably requires reporting to a government (depending on the jurisdiction).
"I've just started using Personal Capital (www.personalcapital.com) after seeing the recommendation at several places.  I believe it gives you what you want to see, but I don't think you can back populate it with old information.   So if you log in and link accounts today, you'll have it going forward. I only put in my investment accounts as I use another tool to track my day-to-day spending.   I use Personal Capital to track my investment returns over time.  How did my portfolio compare to S&P 500, etc.   And here is a shot of the ""You Index"" which I think is close to what you are looking for:"
As a consultant I charge my clients by the hour of my time they're occupying, not just my productivity.  That means when I walk to the printer, task a colleague, scan an incoming email, go pee, time taken to tally productive tasks, or take an ergonomic stretch break are client paid non-value added work.   Professions that track billable hours are not tracking productivity.  Some more than others are definitely more productive in a given hour, but productivity will vary by the person and skill level.
Buying individual/small basket of high dividend shares is exposing you to 50%+ and very fast potential downswings in capital/margin calls. There is no free lunch in returns in this respect: nothing that pays enough to help you pay your mortgage at a high rate won’t expose you to a lot of potential volatility. Main issue here looks like you have very poorly performing rental investments you should consider selling or switching up rental usage/how you rent them (moving to shorter term, higher yield lets, ditching any agents/handymen that are taking up capital/try and refinance to lower mortgage rates etc etc). Trying to use leveraged stock returns to pay for poorly performing housing investments is like spraying gasoline all over a fire. Fixing the actual issue in hand first is virtually always the best course of action in these scenarios.
Heh I'm more baffled by the sheer size of the collection I shared with my siblings. It must have seriously reached about 75k to 100k pieces. My parents were not well off at the time, but they never bought us cheap crap. Instead they just kept feeding more LEGO into the collection. I never fully appreciated them for it at the time. Looking back now I'm almost ashamed of how spoiled I was.
I am looking at size by revenue.  Looking at market capitalization gives a much different list.  I don't think market cap is a good metric for this discussion.  According to market cap Telsa is the largest automotive company in the US, but that is because it is expected to do well in the future by the investment community.  According to market cap what is reddit worth?
Your parents are troopers (pooper troopers?). Nothing in our area was affordable for those services so we tried the clean-your-own kind - they were really nice and probably would help potty train but seriously a few months of scraping poop into the trash and washing a bucket of smelly diapers got old quiiiiiick! I will say this - the kind you clean yourself is the absolute cheapest option. It was like $300 for a half week supply of cloth diapers so you're doing diaper laundry twice a week and the only other added cost is the special detergent which was pretty cheap and lasted a long time... Then we sold them used on eBay for $200 and bought the next size up when it was time which was like 2 months later (they snap to multiple sizes)... Rinse and repeat - works out pretty well if you're willing to commit to washing poop cloth twice a week. And 3 months of honest diapers is around $300 I think.
"Overoptimism, making mistakes and wrong assumptions, being taken by lies, all of that is legal and, in a lot of ways, very human and forgivable.  But when they ""buried her findings ... before, during and after the financial crisis, and even into 2012"" from senior management whose job it is to look out for bad investments, ""buying mortgages from outside lenders with doctored tax forms, phony appraisals and missing signatures"", ""systematically violating U.S. mortgage regulations"", and lying about losses while still taking money from the government, these are illegal and immoral practices with profit as a motive and with the knowledge that what they were doing was wrong.    Buying into something with all you've got is any business's prerogative.  Lying, manipulating, and willfully breaking the law, especially when the product and means to purchase directly impacts the customer, all to maximize profit is not."
We get funding based upon productivity (i.e. papers published), mostly. No one checks the reproducibility of the results, or at least not for many years. This creates an incentive to publish nonsense. Many do, as it turns out.
This is wrong.  It should be  or  Now, to get back to self-employment tax.  Self-employment tax is weird.  It's a business tax.  From the IRS perspective, any self-employed person is a business.  So, take your income X and divide by 1.0765 (6.2% Social Security and 1.45% Medicare).  This gives your personal income.  Now, to calculate the tax that you have to pay, multiply that by .153 (since you have to pay both the worker and employer shares of the tax).   So new calculation  or they actually let you do  which is better for you (smaller).   And your other calculations change apace.   And like I said, you can simplify Q1se to  and your payment would be  Now, to get to the second quarter.  Like I said, I'd calculate the income through the second quarter.  So recalculate A based on your new numbers and use that to calculate Q2i.   or  Note that this includes income from both the first and second quarters.  We'll reduce to just the second quarter later.  This also has you paying for all of June even though you may not have been paid when you make the withholding payment.  That's what they want you to do.   But we aren't done yet.  Your actual payment should be  or  Because Q2ft and Q2se are what you owe for the year so far.  Q1ft + Q1se is what you've already paid.  So you subtract those from what you need to pay in the second quarter.  In future quarters, this would be  All that said, don't stress about it.  As a practical matter, so long as you don't owe $1000 or more when you file your actual tax return, they aren't going to care.  So just make sure that your total payments match by the payment you make January 15th.   I'm not going to try to calculate for the state.  For one thing, I don't know if your state uses Q1i or Q1pi as its base.  Different states may have different rules on that.  If you can't figure it out, just use Q1i, as that's the bigger one.  Fix it when you file your annual return.  The difference in withholding is going to be relatively small anyway, less than 1% of your income.
Perth Ceiling Fixers are the most popular Gyprock installers in Perth. We offers some amazing services ranging from, ceiling lifting, water damaged ceiling, plastering and ceiling maintenance, etc. To get our services, please contact us on 0418 908 426.
Here are the basic questions I usually ask any new business startup: Do these numbers/answers seem reasonable to you and is some benchmark available that allows you to see how likely this is?   Remember, particularly in Internet-based advertising ventures, the client may be indirect.  The person who clicks on a Google context-based link is not directly Google's client.  The person who decided to host AdWords code on their site is the direct client. You're also going to want to see a Gant chart or some process chart indicating exactly what needs to be done, at what cost and by whom.  Answers to these questions give a sense of not only how seriously they are taking the business, but also how organised. My final question: who is your first client? They need either someone who is going to contract the service, or have a clear indication of where income is going to come from, on their first day of trading. Their task is to sell their idea to you by proving that it will return on your investment and be profitable.  From the strength of these answers you can gauge the value of your investment to them, how critical it is, how risky the opportunity and - ultimately - the stake and returns you should expect.
"The ""software industry"" also uses some of the strongest DRM available - see any enterprise-level solutions out there (Microsoft, Apple, Oracle, IBM, etc.). Sure, piracy there happens, but it's not widespread in the U.S./Europe. Similar with the gaming industry - strong DRM, and though piracy is tolerated, it's made difficult and time-consuming, thus ensuring that the vast majority of consumers purchase the product instead of steal it.  Everyone knows that some piracy is inevitable, but DRM ensures that most consumers won't steal - the same way that retail stores use those little magnetic strips embedded in products. Bottom line - no one gives away their product for free. That's not a business model."
There are two significant drawbacks to this type of transfer. They were the reasons why I kept my American 401(k) as-is and started funding my Canadian RRSP from zero balance. 1. Taxes - a large chunk of your 401(k) will be lost to taxes. There is probably no way to transfer the funds without making a 401(k)/IRA withdrawal, which will incur the US federal tax and the 10% early-withdrawal penalty.  When the money went into the 401(k), you got a tax deduction in the US and the tax break is supposed be repaid later when you make a withdrawal (that's basically how tax deferral works).  It's unlikely that any country will let you take a deduction first and send the payback to a foreign country.  The withdrawal amount may also be taxable in Canada (Canadians generally pay taxes on their global income and that includes pensions and distributions from foreign retirement plans).  Foreign tax credit will apply of course, to eliminate double taxation, but it's of little help if your marginal Canadian tax rate is higher than your average US tax rate. 2. Expenses. Your RRSP will have to be invested in something and mutual fund management expenses are generally higher in Canada than in the US.  For example, my employer-sponsored RRSP has a Standard & Poor's stock index fund that charges 1.5% and that is considered low-cost.  It also offers a number of managed funds with expenses in excess of 2% that I simply ignore.  You can probably invest your American 401(k)/IRA in mutual funds more efficiently.
One such strategy I have heard for those who have this opportunity is to purchase the maximum allowed. When the window to sell opens, sell all of your shares and repurchase the most you can with the amount you gained (or keep an equivalent to avoid another transaction fee). This allows you to buy at a discount, and spread out the risk by investing elsewhere.  This way you are really only exposing yourself to lose money which you wouldn't have had access to without the stock discount.
It depends how detailed you want to get in your calculation, but fundamentally, 1K < 25K.   On a very basic level, divide the cost (less what you sell it for) by the time you'll have the car for.  If you junk it, $1K/12 month = $83/month to buy tires to have a car for a year. If you sell it for $1K, then it become $0/month.  (Plus other maintenance, etc..., obviously). If you pay 25K and keep the new car for ten years and sell it for nothing, it becomes roughly $208/month (plus maintenance). If you want to get more accurate, there are a lot of variables you can take into account--time cost of money, financing, maintenance costs of different vehicle types, etc...
I'd argue that you should be focusing on avoiding taxation and maximizing employer matching funds as your first objective.  Over a longer period, quality of investment options and fees will both drive your account value. A personal IRA account is usually a better value over time -- so contribute as much as possible to your IRA, and rollover 401k accounts whenever you have an opportunity to do so.
"A mutual fund's return or yield has nothing to do with what you receive from the mutual fund. The annual percentage return is simply the percentage increase (or decrease!) of the value of one share of the mutual fund from January 1 till December 31. The cash value of any distributions (dividend income, short-term capital gains,  long-term capital gains) might be reported separately or might be included in the annual return.  What you receive from the mutual fund is the distributions which you have the option of taking in cash (and spending on whatever you like, or investing elsewhere) or of re-investing into the fund without ever actually touching the money. Regardless of whether you take a distribution as cash or re-invest it in the mutual fund, that amount is taxable income in most jurisdictions. In the US, long-term capital gains are taxed at different (lower) rates than ordinary income, and I believe that long-term capital gains from mutual funds are not taxed at all in India. You are not taxed on the increase in the value of your investment caused by an increase in the share price over the year nor do you get deduct the ""loss"" if the share price declined over the year. It is only when you sell the mutual fund shares (back to the mutual fund company) that you have to pay taxes on the capital gains (if you sold for a higher price) or deduct the capital loss (if you sold for a lower price) than the purchase price of the shares. Be aware that different shares in the sale might have different purchase prices because they were bought at different times, and thus have different gains and losses.  So, how do you calculate your personal return from the mutual fund investment? If you have a money management program or a spreadsheet program, it can calculate your return for you. If you have online access to your mutual fund account on its website, it will most likely have a tool called something like ""Personal rate of return"" and this will provide you with the same calculations without your having to type in all the data by hand. Finally, If you want to do it personally by hand, I am sure that someone will soon post an answer writing out the gory details."
The Facebook IPO wasn't a debacle. Facebook got maximum value for their shares. That's precisely what you want at IPO. If you sell your stock initially for $25, and next week it's at $35, you've left a hell of a lot of money on the table.
"You're getting great wisdom and options. Establishing your actionable path will require the details that only you know, such as how much is actually in each paycheck (and how much tax is withheld), how much do you spend each month (and yearly expenses too), how much spending can you actually cut or replace, how comfortable are you with considering (or not considering) unexpected/emergency spending. You mentioned you were cash-poor, but only you know what your current account balances are, which will affect your actions and priorities. Btw, interestingly, your ""increase 401k contributions by 2% each year"" will need to end before hitting the $18K contribution limit. I took some time and added the details you posted into a cash-flow program to see your scenario over the next few years. There isn't a ""401k loan"" activity in this program yet, so I build the scenario from other simple activities. You seem financially minded enough to continue modeling on your own. I'm posting the more difficult one for you (borrow from 401k), but you'll have to input your actual balances, paycheck and spending. My spending assumptions must be low, and I entered $70K as ""take-home,"" so the model looks like you've got lots of cash. If you choose to play with it, then consider modeling some other scenarios from the advice in the other posts. Here's the ""Borrow $6500 from 401k"" scenario model at Whatll.Be: https://whatll.be/d1x1ndp26i/2 To me, it's all about trying the scenarios and see which one seems to work with all of the details. The trick is knowing what scenarios to try, and how to model them. Full disclosure: I needed to do similar planning, so I wrote Whatll.Be and I now share it with other people. It's in beta, so I'm testing it with scenarios like yours. (Notice most of the extra activity occurs on 2018-Jan-01)"
My wife works at a prestigious hospital where advancement is based on medical achievement. Given what goes on her floor, the lack of basic management skills is causing things like chronic short staffing, which in turn directly affects things like costs (reliance on short term, expensive staff) and nurse to patient ratios. This cuts both ways: if medical staff want to be 100% in charge, learn a little bit about management.
Clark Howard suggests you hop your cards.  Get your new card now and when you have it, dump the card with the high fees. The age of your accounts has some impact on your credit rating, but unless you have a major purchase coming up and your score is teetering, I would take the score hit to save money on the card.
The employer most likely has already sent that money that was withheld to the IRS. Therefore they cannot refund you any money. Instead you need to get the money back from the IRS. You do this by filing a tax return.  Your W2C will show that taxes were withheld (I.e., that you paid taxes). The rest of the return will show that no taxes were due and therefore you are entitled to have your money refunded. If you have already filed for that tax you, you just need to file an amended return with the new data. That amendment will show that you are to be refunded the extra money. Then just wait several weeks for the payment from the IRS.  As pointed out user102008, if it is Medicare and social security taxes that have been withheld in error, then you need to file a different set of forms with IRS. It would be nice if refunding FICA also occurred via the tax return.
he invested in goog.  hes a couple of appl shares away from being a mod on /r/wallstreetbets.    a billionaire investing in an S&amp;P500 company is literally the most mundane shit you can think of.  if thats proof hes (((up to no good))) then i dont know what to even say to that.
"Except that Shamu is the Sea World brand.  This is like if for some reason people got angry about Mickey Mouse, would Disney surrender that icon?  Sea World has been built on Shamu, and Sea World executives will estimate that were it not for the orca shows, their park would see massively reduced attendance anyway.  They may have hard numbers, they may not, but if they see their attendance shrinking less than they think it would shrink were the shows not there, then they won't do it.  The idea of ""we'll be the good guys then"" won't sit well with executives, because they can't quantify it - will they be the good guys, or won't they?  They've already made an enemy out of the animal rights people, they may think the animal rights people will just want more out of them after getting some concessions, so they're going to dig in and not even start the concessions.  They may be destroying themselves, or maybe their business model is just being destroyed by moving technology and social progressions.  Bullfighting-ring owners had to deal with it in Spain, Sea World has to deal with it here.  Sorry, sometimes this happens to a business."
I don't disagree.  My iPhone is made with products from Fox con. They have a horrific record for taking care of their employees. I need to own that.  Simultaneously, Apple goes out of its way to do everything they can in order to stifle that victimization. This includes searching for other vendors, overseeing as much of the production process as they are allowed to, and also creating factories and processes here in America that are more under their direct control.  I do not see rival companies (like Samsung) doing the same thing.  I would never say that I live a purely virtuous life. But I try to make a stand where I think it will make a difference while still being able to provide for my family.  And I provide for my family very well.
It doesn't sound fishy at all to me. Just seems like you may be dealing with a company that has relatively light trading volume to begin with, meaning that small trades could easily make the price drop 8% (which isn't much if you're talking about a stocks in the $5 or less range. If someone sells at the bid and the bid happens to be 8% lower than the current price, that bid is now the price, hence the drop. The bid moving up afterward, just means that someone is now willing to place a higher order than what the last trade was, to try to get in.
This is a long term investment but can be very useful during tough times. Be prepared not only to take but to give as well. Moreover:
All this may be true but rampant fraud was not at the core of the housing crisis. Middle managers fired because Human Resources could do middle manager work on management software for low wages -- that is the core of the housing crisis. Fired middle managers who were paying their home loans walked away from their homes because they no longer were able to get a high paying job to pay for those homes. The middle class of lower populated Canada is greater than the middle class in the U.S. today. As a former manager of hundreds of home loan officers, I should know.
The most important thing to remember about bitcoin is that it is an information technology. As you’re probably aware, information tech advances very rapidly and renders the previous generations obsolete. I too think bitcoin is in a bubble, though it probably has a while to go. Blockchain tech will rapidly improve and become more ubiquitous, meanwhile bitcoin offers nothing new and is plagued with issues. The fact it accounts for 50%+ of all crypto value is mind boggling. Imagine one stock accounting for 50% of the entire stock market of the world. When blockchain tech is mainstream, that’s essentially what bitcoin has to do to maintain its status. Seems very doubtful to me.
"You have already indicted in another question, titled Which risk did I take winning this much?, that you did not understand (1) Why a previous trade made you as much money as it did; nor (2) How much you could have lost if things went a different way. You were, in that other question, talking about taking short position, without understanding (apparently) that a short position can create losses exceeding the value of your initial investment. Can one make money doing day trading? Yes, an educated investor may be able to prudently invest in short term positions making knowledgeable judgments about risk, and still make money. Can you make money doing day trading? Well, maybe. You have in the past, in what you described in a previous post as ""winning"". So even in your own eyes, you were effectively gambling, and got lucky. Perhaps the more relevant questions you can ask yourself are: Can you lose money doing day trading? And, most importantly, Are you more likely to lose money day trading, or consistently make money by taking on reasonable and educated risks?"
The exact answers depend on what you're going to do and what you started with and what your local market is like ... But a bit of websearching (and/or asking a good general contractor) will yield a table of typical improvement in sale price from various renovations. One thing you'll discover is that unless you are staring with something almost unsellable, few if any if thgem return more than you paid for them; getting back 85% is exceptionally good. A possible exception is energy-saving measures; basic air-seaking and attic insulation improvements pay back their cost relatively quickly, and solar can do so if you have a decent site for that -- and these are often subsidized in one way or another by government or utilities. For most things, thoiugh, the real answer is to ask yourself what would make the house better for you and your family, and what that would be worth to you. If you can get it done for less than that, go for it. It's a good idea to put together as complete a list vas possible before starting, since some will be considerably less expensive if done in the right order or at the same time. (Redo your roofing before installing rooftop solar panels, if possible; as one example.) Then prioritize thiose by what will improve your enjoyment of the house most. You'll probably get better specific advice over in the Home Improvement area of Stack Exchange.
Obviously you can't predict the future too much, but it's not too hard to figure out what is going to happen to mortgage rates in the short term. Mortgage rates are heavily influenced by 10 year treasury yields.  You can find the daily 10 year rates here.  It's easy to see the direction they've been moving recently.  It usually takes a few days for mortgage rates to follow if the 10 year treasury yield is dropping (although if it's going up, mortgage rates will go up faster than they will fall). Here's a sample of all the 10 year treasury yields for the past 10 years.  Looks like a good time to get a mortgage or refinance! You can also take a look at movements in mortgage backed securities. Here you can find a chart for Fannie Mae 3.0% mortgages.  As the price goes up, mortgage rates go down.  Think of it this way. Right now people are will to pay $103 for $100 worth of 3.0% mortgages. That doesn't really make sense because I could just loan you $100 at 3.0% and turn around and sell it for $103 immediately, pocketing the $3 profit.  The reason is because right now, no one would willingly borrow money at 3.0%. Rates have fallen so much that if a bank has a customer paying them 3.0% on a mortgage, other people are willing to pay a premium on that mortgage. New mortgages are probably being written for 2.0%. (There is no current mortgage backed security for 2.0% fannie maes because rates have never been this low before).
At some point, there will even be non wealthy nations with better healthcare.       Anyone who is well travelled, or from another country knows how horrific the US healthcare system is.   The media talks about poor people, but it's awful for the middle to upper middle class too in comparison to alternatives.        It constantly shocks me this is not a bigger public issue.  If only the general population realized what the alternative looks like.  Not perfect by any means, but so much better.
it depends on you, thats just the point, how risk averse you are determines how wide your risk premium needs to be to as you feel adequately compensate you for the risk you are taking. If I have some money i inherited from grandad and I want to make 15% on it then my required rate is 15% on top of the risk free rate. Thats what I require. Alternatively you could use a historic market rate to to determine the markets required return since on average that should be correct allowing you to sell your asset later to the average market participant. Thats easy for the equity investment. Because you have two different asset classes for your investments you could use different discount rates using the historic market risk premium in each asset's market or you can use the same discount rate for both which makes it easier to compare. In the second case I would discount using the equity required return since the equity investment you are not making is the opportunity cost of your real estate investment.   At the end of the day its a value judgment in my opinion and there isn't a right. Your understanding of the economics and from that what is important will inform what you use as a discount rate and that value judgment is kindha where an analyst adds value.
Buy low, sell high. I think a lot of people apply that advice wrongly. Instead of using this as advice about when to buy and when to sell, you should use it as advice about when not to buy and when not to sell. Don't buy when P/Es cannot support the current stock price. Don't sell when stocks have already fallen due to a market panic. Don't follow the herd or you will get trampled when they reverse direction in a panic.  If you are smart enough to sell ahead of the panics, more power to you, but you should be using more than a 52-week high on a graph to make that decision.
"Vanguard's Admiral shares are like regular (""investor"") shares in their funds, only they charge lower expense ratios. They have higher investment minimums, though. (For instance, the Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund has a minimum of $3,000 and an expense ratio of .18% for the Investor Shares class, but a minimum of $10,000 and an expense ratio of .07% for Admiral Shares). If you've bought a bunch of investor shares and now meet the (recently-reduced) minimum for Admiral shares, or if you have some and buy some more investor shares in the future and meet the minimums, you will qualify for a free, no-tax-impact conversion to the Admiral Shares and save yourself some money. For more information, see the Vanguard article on their recent changes to Admiral Shares minimums. Vanguard also offers institutional-class shares with even lower expense ratios than that (with a minimum of $5 million, .06% expense ratios on the same fund). A lot of the costs of operating a fund are per-individual, so they don't need to charge you extra fees for putting in more money after a certain point. They'd rather be competitive and offer it at cost. Vanguard's funds typically have very low expense ratios to begin with. (The investor shares I've been using as an example are advertised as ""84% lower than the average expense ratio of funds with similar holdings"".) In fact, Vanguard's whole reason for existing is the premise (stated in founder John C Bogle's undergraduate thesis at Princeton) that individuals can generally get better returns by investing in a cheap fund that tracks an index than by investing in mutual funds that try to pick stocks and beat the index and charge you a steep markup. The average real return of the stock market is supposedly something like 4%; even a small-looking percentage like 1% can eat a big portion of that. Over the course of 40 years waiting for retirement, saving 1% on expenses could leave you with something like 50% more money when you've retired. If you are interested in the lower expense ratios of the Admiral share classes but cannot meet the minimums, note that funds which are available as ETFs can be traded from Vanguard brokerage accounts commission-free and typically charge the same expense ratios as the Admiral shares without any minimums (but you need to trade them as individual shares, and this is less convenient than moving them around in specific dollar amounts)."
Which is unions. But there is such hatred for unions that America has fallen to 7% unionization in the private sector. If things get much worse I sure hope there is a re-mobilization of the labour movement in the US. I don't know how the middle class with survive without them.
"Yeahhhh right.... Just like the good 'ol time when you where busting your ass in factory for +12 hours a day (and I'm taking the low estimation here) for a penny (but without taxes), and that they were no taxes or regulation. Or when your child of 6 was forced to work in mine because you couldn't make enough to feed your four person family. Or when you where sweating your ass in a cotton field for a piece of oatmeal. Before the big bad govt decide it was time to end certain things.   Money is a way of expressing value in an organized economy, money is (and has always been) the ""government"" installing a way for your society to economicaly work by ""upgrading"" basic good exchange  so that people that doesn't product anything but virtual sociological value can take a share (like bankers, politicians, CEO and other marvels).   Taxes are just another way of making the value flows, like debt. &gt;When the public sector comes in, there will be a lot of people in between who consume resources yet do not provide anything useful in return.  I bet neither the military, NASA, FDA or your local police station/firefighters aren't providing any usefullness..."
If you look at the shit people are saying now with what they were saying Tsarist Russia in 1917, the similarities are striking. Evil Banker Conspiracist Jews, secret societies, etc.   We all know how those energies got channelled, yes?  Rich people might not wear monocles at secret parties but that matters very little to the angry mob that is increasingly screaming for their blood.  Unless the economy starts finally improving, I'd be a little worried about my safety if I were making $800k a year, just sayin'...
**Free software**  Free software or libre software is computer software distributed under terms that allow the software users to run the software for any purpose as well as to study, change, and distribute the software and any adapted versions. Free software is a matter of liberty, not price: users, individually or collectively, are free to do what they want with it, including the freedom to redistribute the software free of charge, or to sell it, or charge for related services such as support or warranty for profit.  The right to study and modify software entails availability of the software source code to its users. While this right is often called 'access to source code', the Free Software Foundation recommends to avoid using the word 'access' in this context because it is misleading and may make people believe that they may have a copy of the source code unconditionally.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.27
IT asset management software  --Integrate Alloy Navigator as your IT Service Management solution for medium and large business environments. Designed and built with the industry's best practices and real-world customers in mind, it offers an intuitive, comprehensive, easy-to-use approach to managing the Service Desk, IT assets, task assignments, and more.
Zoning laws with no urban planning?  Completely private infrastructure?   Hahahahhaahahahahhahahahaahahhahaahha, you have no fucking clue what you are talking about.  I have worked in civil engineering for 20 years, what you describe would turn American sprawl into SE Asian slums over night.  India has more zoning laws than the US including a whole crap load of religious ones we don't have but everyone just ignores them because they have a weak federal government, which is what you favor.  The real world disagrees with your ideology, change it.
My wife and I do this. We have one account for income and one for expenditures (and around 7 others for dedicated savings.) Doing this we are forcing ourselves to keep track of all expenditures as we have to manually transfer funds from one to the other, we try to do this periodically (every Wednesday) and then keep the expenditures within what is actually on the account. It is a really good way to keep track of everything. Bear in mind that our bank provides a fast handy smartphone app where we both can check our account as well as transfer funds in less than 10 seconds. (Fingerprint authentication, instant funds transfer as well as zero fees for transfers.) Right now we have a credit card each attached to the expenditures account, but earlier we only had a debit card each and no credit cards. Meaning that when the weekly funds ran out we where simply not able to pay. We did this to mimic living only on cash and when the cash runs out you simply have to stop buying stuff. And at the same time we could accrue quite a bit of savings. I would definitely recommend this if you have problems with over expenditures.
No you can't, as you would have to have a different order for each security. Usually the bigger the order the more the brokerage you would also pay.
"The best way to do this is to use IRR.  It's a complicated calculation, but will take into account multiple in/out cash flows over time along with ""idle periods"" where your money may not have been doing anything.  Excel can calculate it for you using the XIRR function"
Option prices consist of two parts: the intrinsic value (the difference between the strike and the current price of the stock) and a time premium, representing the probability that the stock will end up above the strike for a call (or below for a put).   All else being equal, options decline in value as time passes, since there is less uncertainty about the expected value of the stock at expiration and thus the time premium is smaller.  Theta is the measure of the change in value in one day.  So for every day that passes, the calls you sold are going down by $64.71 (which is positive to you since you sold them at a higher value) and the calls you sold are going down by $49.04. So your position (a short spread) is gaining $15.67 each day (assuming no change in stock price or volatility). In reality, the stock price and volatility also change every day, and those are much stronger drivers of the value of your options.  In your case, however, the options are deep out of the money, meaning it's very likely that they'll expire worthless, so all you have left is time premium, which is decaying as time goes on.
Dude!  I specifically said big businesses got paid.  But you IMPLIED big Business was more altruistic, was the great giver of our infrastructure.   Now you’re telling me the financial sector pays for everything, and should be loved for it, as if they aren’t making money off the loans either.  Back to the beginning:  Big money is not to be thanked for our infrastructure.  The government is.  Big money is the parasite using that infrastructure to leech money from the government as many ways as they can.  Every item you have pointed out is another place where big money has gained off the government.  We need to relearn thatbpeopke are more important than money, and it starts with big money being held responsible for its practices and how those practices affect We the People.  Well, maybe we should make the Media accountable first.
Look at the tech used. Bitcoin a a very small numbers of others have their own blockchains. Nearly all other coins are build on Ethereum.  Ethereum is like iOS for blockchain. One can build public or private versions.  The fuel / transaction currency of the Ethereum playtform (think distributed operating system) is Ether (ETH)  The Ethereum guys were very clever and got the biggest guys deploy involved multi nationals.. all of them have internal ethereum projects to capture their internal value distribution systems. But they ar already planning to manage their entire supply chains with this. Think: Com apt gets order via a distributed order system . These orders are legally binding. The bank of the producer Dan now issue a credit that flows through 10+ levels to suppliers and they will no longer be held up by week if not Knoth long PurchaseOrder processes.  =&gt; these types of things is what the EEA is all about.  At the same time Ethereum has much different transaction limits and has clear paths for increasing those limits in the future. Try transfer bitcoin right now :)  The might be a lot of other coins coming but the question you should ask yourself: do you think there will there be a competitor to ethereum as general purpose blockchain platform in any near / mid term future. Keep in mind the already unreadably broad industry support.  Depending on the answer to this ether is a great investment or just a good one. Either way :)  Not saying other coins won't yield higher results but if you invest in the ether you invest in the currency the transactions of the others us calculated at. So in any case if you believe in coins there will be uptake on Ether.
"It makes no sense to spend money unnecessarily, just for the purpose of improving your credit score.  You have to stop and ask yourself the question ""Why do I need a good credit score?""  Most of the time, the answer will be ""so I can get a lower interest rate on (ABC loan) in the future.""  However, if you spend hundreds or even thousands of dollars in the present, just so that you can save a few points on a loan, you're not going to come out ahead. The car question should be considered strictly in the context of transportation expenses:  ""It cost me $X to get around last year using Lyft. If instead I owned a car, it would have cost me $Y for gas, insurance, depreciation, parking, etc.""  If you come out ahead and Y < X, then buy the car.  Don't jump into an expensive vehicle (which is never a good investment) or get trapped into an expensive lease which will costs you many times more than the depreciation value of a decent used car, just so that you can save a few points on a mortgage. Your best option moving forward would be to pay off your student loans first, getting rid of that interest expense.  Place the remainder in savings, then start to look at a budget.  Setting aside a 20% down payment on a home is considered the minimum to many people, and if that is out of reach you might need to consider other neighborhoods (less than 400K!).  If you're still concerned about your credit score, a good way to build that up (once you have a budget and spending under control) is to get a credit card with no annual fees.  Start putting all of your expenses on the credit card (groceries, etc), and paying off the balance IN FULL every month.  By spending only what you need to within a reasonable budget, and making payments on time and in full, your credit rating will begin to gradually improve.  If you have a difficult time tracking your expenses or sticking to a budget, then there is potential for danger here, as credit cards are notorious for high interest and penalties.  But by keeping it under control and putting the rest toward savings, you can begin to build wealth and put yourself in a much better financial position moving into the future."
At the end of each calendar year the mutual fund company will send you a 1099 form. It will tell you and the IRS what your account earned. You will see boxes for: You will end up paying taxes on these, unless the fund is part of a 401K or IRA. These taxes will be due even if you never sold any shares. They are due even if it was a bad year and the value of your account went down. Most if not all states will levy an income tax yon your dividends and capital gains each year. When you sell your shares you may also owe income taxes if you made a profit. The actual taxes due is a more complex calculation due to long term vs short term, and what other gains or losses you have. Partial sales also take into account which shares are sold.
"Although not required, #2 would work best if you used magnetic ink... That is an extra cost which you may or may not want to pay for. You can often get a free checking account and a free set of checks if you can meet the minimum requirements. This often means a higher average daily balance, direct deposit, or some combination of multiple requirements. The bank is taking a risk that a client meeting those minimum requirements while likely earn the bank more in fees and services than what they give out for ""free"" such as the account and checks. My wife and I opened a Wells Fargo checking account two years ago. Back then, we were able to open the account for free along with a free set of 250 checks. I think the requirement now requires $7,500 average daily balance."
Relative Strength Indicators are also trailing indicators.  They are based on the number of recent upticks or downticks in an investment's price.  (The size of a tick is quantized, and related to the investment's price.)  By the time enough upticks have accumulated to generate a buy signal, the investment has already increased in price significantly.  Similarly, by the time enough downticks have accumulated a to generate a sell signal, the investment has already dropped in price significantly. The theory of Relative Strength Indicators is based on the hope that moves found by these indicators are likely to continue after the signal is generated.  But even if this is the case, someone who relies on these indicators will miss out on the first part of the move. Dorsey-Wright offers investment research based on the theory of Relative Strength Indicators.  They offer investment vehicles based on this research.  They also work with local investment advisors to develop custom back-tested strategies.  They have published a white-paper, with references to others' research.
Unless you own a business and the car is used in that business you can't write off your auto repairs. If you start a sole-proprietorship in your own name there are all sorts of things you can write off as long as there is a reasonable expectation of profit. This includes a portion of your car repairs, a portion of your home expenses (assuming it's a home-based business), any tools used in the business, all kinds of stuff. The portion of your auto is based on total miles driven in the year vs. total miles driven for business purposes. Eligible auto expenses include repairs, gas/oil, insurance, parking, and interest on the auto loan. There are some things to remember: I'm no expert on California business law. Talk to a lawyer and an accountant if you wish to go this way. Many offer a half-hour free session for new clients.
"The key with analyzing financial statements is that you need to look at all angles of a particular item. ie: Sales has gone up, but has the cost of sales increased by even more, implying narrower margins? Or, interest expense has gone up, but is that because new debt was taken on to pay for expansion?  In the specific case you mentioned [buying assets that will create depreciation expense over time], there is a grouping on the cash flow statement called 'Investing', which will state the amount of cash used during the year to invest in the business. This could be a good thing or a bad thing, depending on other factors (and your personal preference regarding dividends being paid to shareholders). In addition, you can see the amount of depreciation expense separately listed on the cash flow statement. This tells you many things. Consider a company with $10M in assets on the balance sheet, but $2M in depreciation expense. This tells you that [in a very loose sense], every 5 years the assets owned by the company will all need to be replaced. Compare that with the Investing section of the cash flow statement - if they are buying $4M of new assets this year, this tells you that on an overall basis, they are likely expanding the business, because the new investments outpace the depreciation.  But, is your concern of under-reported earnings a common issue? Typically, keep in mind that the most common bias of a company is to over-report earnings. This is because management compensation (in the form of performance bonuses and stock option valuation) is increased by profitable years. However, in a year where a loss / poor performance is likely, a reverse-bias occurs, to take as much of a loss as possible in that year. This is because if a manager's bonus is already 0 due to poor company performance, having a worse year will not turn the bonus negative. So, by taking all expenses possible today on the financial statements, next year might have less allocated expenses, and therefore the manager might get a bigger bonus impact next year. This is called ""Taking a big bath"".  Note that public companies must meet certain reporting standards, and they are audited by external accounting firms to show that they meet those standards. Of course, there is no guarantee that the auditors will catch all cases of accounting manipulation (see Enron, etc., etc.)."
"Check is an obligation to pay, and is unconditional. In the US, checks don't expire (there are countries where they do). Endorsements such as ""void after X days"" are meaningless and don't affect the obligation to pay. The bank is under no obligation to honor a check that is more than 6 months old (based on the date on the check, of course). This is from the Unified Commercial Code 4-404. However, this refers to the bank, not to the person who gave you the check. The bank may pay, if the check is deposited in good faith and there's nothing wrong with it or with the account. So the first thing you can do is deposit the check. If asked - you can say that the person just wrote the wrong date, which is true. Worst case the check bounces. If the check bounces - you can start with demand letters and small claim courts. The obligation to pay doesn't go away unless satisfied, i.e.: paid."
It depends on your goals. Without knowing more than the fact that you live in Mexico (and therefore presumably have future expenses in pesos) and that you are concerned about the purchasing power of pesos, I would suggest an inflation-linked peso-denominated investment, if one is offered.
Im pretty sure its a moral application of the forceful basis of taxation.  And most people get rich by providing goods and services, or via investing in goods in services. The rest, the hyperwealthy banksters, international weapons/ death merchants, wall street, fraudsters, the-good-ole-boys-network, etc... that was via government, and its probably not a good idea to give them more.  Pay your taxes, please. I dont want them to ruin your life.
I believe so (that you can, not that you are greedy) I run my own business and, generally speaking, am 'charging' my company 40p per mile as per the quote above. I did not know about the ability to claim the shortfall, as it is not relevant to me, but it makes perfect sense and I'm sure that a phone call to HMRC will help you understand how to claim.  As for the greedy question - personally I think that laws are there for a reason (both ways) so if there's money to be claimed - there's no reason not to do so, unless of course the hassle is greater than the potential gain. One last note - not sure exactly what the rules around this are, but I know that the allowance is not applicable for one's general commute and so if you're travelling to the same place over 40% of the time for more than two years you are no longer allowed to claim these miles.
A 25% variance in price, in most markets, isn't so crazy as to require it be some sort of terrible scam, but that doesn't mean much else. It could be the inclusion of floor plans that are carefully designed to add square footage at minimum cost and thus reduce the average cost per square foot without actually being cheaper otherwise, less insulation, thinner walls, cheap piping, minimized wiring, or they are just efficient and competitive. As you pointed out they don't have gas, so that's certainly one way you know they cut costs - no gas lines to install! As the article from NAHB: Cost of Constructing A Home points out, though, what this figure includes can vary. Does it include the finished lot? If so then a smaller lot would mean lower square footage building price - because the land is smaller and cheaper, not the house!  Is any kind of financing quoted in the price? Compare also change-plan costs, any penalties for delays in construction, grade of materials, floor plans, customization costs, fees or premiums to pick colors/floors/counters/cabinets/fixtures, and so on. What about central cooling and heating - are they quoting an electric furnace? How does electrical heating in your area compare to the cost of gas heat? (relative pricing of electric and gas vary widely by region and climate) In short: often square footage price isn't the whole story of what it would cost to construct a home. Ensure you are comparing everything that's important to you and you are getting a full quote, not comparing small isolate sales-pitch figures with no clear details. If it turns out the price is 25% lower than other builders in your area and they give you what you are wanting, and you have the good sense to have a qualified home inspector and/or structural engineer inspect the home thoroughly before you take possession, then you might just have found a good builder! I'd encourage you to personally visit some of their past construction work, such as houses they build 2-10 years ago and ensure they are in the sort of condition you'd expect.
Employment, output and inflation are your feedback. Too little spending manifests as a an output gap with elevated unemployment and low inflation. Too much spending shows up as full employment, full capacity and rising inflation as additional dollars just bid up prices.  Get it right and you have full employment with price stability.  So are we there yet? Well, it's not a static point we reach and cross but a dynamic balance in every period based on what's going on in the non-government sectors. Lately we've been leaning towards too little and the result is a tepid, stagnant recovery dragging on for years with elevated unemployment, weak growth and a persistant [output gap](http://lostoutputclock.com/).
Currently certain money back policies are tax free and a vast majority are taxable. There are revised guidelines that would govern which policies are tax free. At a broad level the rule is that the sum assured under the policy should be 10 times the premium paid. There is no distinction of single premium or yearly. Hence certain policies of single premium are taxable. Further there is a TDS also in place from this year. This article gives a good overview. You should consult the documentation of your specific policy and check with your insurance company or CA.
I think it varies with where you are located but in Ontario, Canada salaries cover up to 44 work hours a week. Anything beyond the 44 hours counts towards overtime.  Eg. You normally make $1000 a week and this week you worked 50 hours.  $1000/44 = $22.73/hr  Overtime rate is 1.5x normal so... $22.73 x 1.5 = $34.10/hr  You work 6 extra hours $34.10 x 6 = $204.60  Added together  $1000 + $204.60 = $1204.60
There are two different ages, one where you can start withdrawing from the account, and a higher age where you must start withdrawing (at a minimum rate).  The withdrawals are treated like regular income, so they get taxed according to the same rates, and with the same deductions, as a salary.
&gt;and unfortunatley, keeping unemployment low is directly at odds with increasing productivity.  That is a good point.   Up until now, the loss in manufacturing jobs has been generally offset by the increase in service jobs. If service jobs start becoming more automated - then I think we'll have to become a society in which more and more individuals become entrepreneurs/self employed to generate income.    We're already seeing this to some extent - just have to browse r/entrepreneur.   * People trying to monetize blogs/websites/vidoes * Creating new products/services  * Using new technology to do something new (cloud based mobile apps) * Crowd sourced funding * Peer to peer lending  The internet is allowing individual people with a entrepreneurial spirit to fulfill their goals.
A bank isn't going to offer to lend you money on a property you don't own.  You first need to finish the process of probate and get a clear title.  Then it's your house and a bank with lend you money based on a combination of your income and the home's value.
Diversification is a risk-mitigation strategy. When you invest in equities, you generally get a higher rate of return than a fixed income investment. But you have risks... a single company's market value can decline for all sorts of reasons, including factors outside of the control of management. Diversification lets you spread risk and concentrate on sectors that you feel offer the best value. Investing outside of your currency zone allows you to diversify more, but also introduces currency risks, which require a whole other level of understanding. Today, investing in emerging markets is very popular for US investors because these economies are booming and US monetary policy has been weakening the dollar for some time. A major bank failure in China or a flip to a strong dollar policy could literally implode those investments overnight. At the end of the day, invest in what you understand. Know the factors that can lower your investment value.
Good, at least you are back to admitting that we have had a 17 year pause. Progress from your earlier denials.  Now, you can join your fellow alarmists in trying to explain it. So far we are up to 30 different explanations.
I think we can both agree to these two assertions:  1) Utterly nonesensical amounts of waste exist in the federal government.  2) The postal service will never be closed or privatized. The government is going to keep funding it until mail volume diminishes to 0, and even then they will fight and clamour to justify its existence.  The question is not where does government waste exist. I could punch out of work right now and fill your screen with example after example of feel good government projects that do more harm than good, and we both know it. The question is why. Why is government waste created and why does it persist?
Oh, ok. You have $3.8m cash to work with in creating a low-risk investment portfolio. All you need to do is pick investment options that stick to the three objectives of the fund. You may assume all the capital is available for immediate investment ($200k out of the $4m is set aside for scholarships so it must stay liquid).
I went to school for something I was interested in.  Also, if you looked at what pay rates some people I went to school with took jobs at, you would stick with what works for you just like me.  I have no desire to start at $60000 or something.  IT certifications can matter in some cases, and I have my share of them, but they again represent a synthetic benchmark.  Lots of people are good test takers and can't do things in the real world.  A recent project of one of my companies was to install a wired network for 12 users that would allow each user basically unrestricted internet access in a site with a connection with a single external IP address.  It was required that the clients not be able to communicate with each other.  If you saw the idiotic solution and ridiculous configuration using (that didn't work) using mac address filtering and detection and whatever that a CCNA who used to work for me tried, you would go crazy.  Why not just have individual VLANs individually PATed to the external internet interface with no routing between them, and then broken out at the main switch?  The config to do that is very very simple and works perfectly.  I think it took me 5 minutes to pull out of my ear.  To me, experience and prior work trump all.
"The Facebook ad sales aren't ""concrete"" enough for you?  Look dummy, we know for a fact that Russia interfered with the election.  No serious person disputes that.  What we don't know is how far their efforts went, but that's what we should expect because until he's done building his case, Mueller isn't going to reveal what he knows.  At this point, while it's still somewhat reasonable to be skeptical about the extent of Russian interference, denying that it happened at all just makes you look stupid or insane."
My understanding is that it works as you describe.  Is this really a loophole? You could call it that if you want, but let's look at what really is happening. You get the tax deduction when you put money into the HSA, not when you take money out. And you can only put money in when you have the HSA-eligible High Deductible Health Plan (HDHP) in place.  While you had the non-HSA eligible plan in place (presumably a more expensive low deductible health plan), you somehow incurred $5000 of out-of-pocket expenses. This is real money that you had to pay out.  Finally, you went back to the HDHP and began contributing to the HSA again, taking the tax deduction as you put money in, subject to the contribution limits. The money that is in the HSA is yours, and you had legitimate out-of-pocket medical expenses. Are you really cheating anybody out of anything if you choose to take that money back out? I don't think so.
"You ask about the difference between credit and debit, but that may be because you're missing something important. Regardless of credit/debit, there is value in carrying two different cards associated with two different accounts. The reason is simply that because of loss, fraud, or your own mismanagement, or even the bank's technical error, any card can become unusable for some period of time. Exactly how long depends what happened, but just sending you a new card can easily take more than one business day, which might well be longer than you'd like to go without access to any funds. In that situation you would be glad of a credit card, and you would equally be glad of a second debit card on a separate account. So if your question is ""I have one bank account with one debit card, and the only options I'm willing to contemplate are (a) do nothing or (b) take a credit card as well"", then the answer is yes, take a credit card as well, regardless of the pros or cons of credit vs debit. Even if you only use the credit card in the event that you drop your debit card down a drain. So what you can now consider is the pros and cons of a credit card vs managing an additional bank account -- unless you seriously hate one or more of the cons of credit cards, the credit card is likely to win. My bank has given me a debit card on a cash savings account, which is a little scary, but would cover most emergencies if I didn't have a credit card too. Of course the interest rate is rubbish and I sometimes empty my savings account into a better investment, so I don't use it as backup, but I could. Your final question ""can a merchant know if I give him number of debit or credit card"" is already asked: Can merchants tell the difference between a credit card and embossed debit card? Yes they can, and yes there are a few things you can't (or might prefer not to) do with debit. The same could even be said of Visa vs. Mastercard, leading to the conclusion that if you have a Visa debit you should look for a Mastercard credit. But that seems to be less of an issue as time goes on and almost everywhere in Europe apparently takes both or neither. If you travel a lot outside the EU then you might want to be loaded down with every card under the sun, and three different kinds of cash, but you'd already know that without asking ;-)"
If the hospital is run like hospitals in the US it can take a long time just to determine the bill. The hospital, Emergency room, ER doctors, surgeons, anesthesiologists, X-Ray department, pharmacy and laboratory are considered separate billing centers. It  can take a while to determine the charges for each section. Is there an insurance company involved? When there is one involved it can take weeks or months before the hospital determines what the individual owes. The co-pays, coverages, and limits can be very confusing. In my experience it can take a few months before the final amount is known. You may want to call the hospital to determine the status of the bills.
"Leans is polite.  I keep saying we are slaves to the military-industrial-complex.  Shit, we just gave it $700bl and made cuts to social programs and fed school funding... ""Slaves"".  &gt;Black people at least knew they were slaves. You people remain clueless. -DS"
"If by ""putting money in the bank"" you mean regular savings or checking, then the bond locks a rate for a period of time, whereas your savings/checking rate can vary over that period.  That variation might go for you or against you.  Depending on your situation, you might prefer to take a determined rate to the variations.  In addition, some bond types provide tax benefits (e.g. treasuries and municipal bonds) that change the effective return - You cannot just compare the interest rates. Finally, the bonds have ""resale"" value on the secondary market like stock - Depending on your outlook and strategy, you might by the bond for its value as a security rather than for the interest specifically just like you'd could buy a dividend-paying stock for its value as a security rather than for the dividend.  In other words, you might think that bond values are going up, so you buy bonds with the intent of making a capital gain rather than counting on the interest returned. (The bond market does depend on the interest rate, so these are not independent factors.) I see the other answer that mentions the potential for your bank busting and you losing money beyond the FDIC insurance limit.  The question doesn't specify U.S. Government bonds though, so I don't think that answer is generally good.  It would be good in the case that you had a lot of money (especially an institution or foreign government) and you were specifically interested in U.S. Treasury bonds.  Not so much if you invest in corporate bonds where you have no government insurance / assurance of any sort.  Municipal bounds are also not backed by the U.S. (federal) government, but they may have some backing at the state level, depending on the state."
"I love it - it was the policies under Bush (as much as one can squarely place blame on the president) that results in the crash that nearly destroyed him - the same president he claims he got elected... and yet here were are and he is claiming if Obama is re-elected that he might have to fire people because of his policies (as much as he claims we can squarely place blame on the president) would lead to another loss for his company, that is after they enjoyed this period of recovery that allows him to continue building his massive house o' opulence.   Wonderful business sense, ""Pay more in taxes?? FUCK those profits altogether! I'll shut down the company and HA HA! That'll show them! Because no one else will swoop in and pick up my massively profitable vacation scam business... you know why? Because taxes - that's why! And socialism! and communism!.... COMMULISM!"""
Points are the units of measurement of the index. They're calculated based on the index formula, which in turn based on the prices of the underlying stocks. Movement in points is not really interesting, the movement as a percentage of the base price (daily opening, usually) is more interesting since it gives more context.
&gt; No fair and equal is paying the same price for the same service.  I'm asking about compensation, not the purchase of a service.  Do you think fair pay for full time work in a society should at a minimum provide for a modest life in that society?
For this rollover, there are no restrictions of age/income/etc.  You need to know - the transfer must be direct, i.e. if you get a physical check, it should be payable not to you, but to the new custodian (broker) for your benefit. Direct is preferable and faster. The assets may not be transferable 'in kind.' This phrase simply means that you may move the value, but if the assets are not shares that are held by the public, but special 401(k) class shares, they must be liquidated before moving, and moved as cash. This is a risk people with large accounts take should the market move dramatically during the time they are liquidated, and why, for them, I suggest doing it piecemeal.
The market doesn't really need to adjust for fees on ETF funds that are often less than 1/10th of a percent. The loss of the return is more than made up for by the diversification. How does the market adjust for trading fees? It doesn't have to, it's just a cost of doing business. If one broker or platform offers better fee structures, people will naturally migrate toward the lower fees.
There is one edge case that may be of value to you. If you declare a bonus (probably to yourself given a very small company) you can deduct it from your year and then have up to 6 months to actually write the cheque and give it to the person. Say your year end for the corporation is July 31st. You could declare the bonus July 30th and deduct it from that year, lowering your corporate tax. You could then wait until January 30th to actually write the bonus cheque. The person would then have that taxable income in a later calendar year, deferring paying the tax. Depending on the size of the bonus, this would possibly matter, although if you did large bonuses every year it would only matter the first time. The other issue is the availability of your bookkeeper or accountant. They are sometimes very busy during personal income tax season. They often like a vacation immediately after that. They may go away in the summer when their kids are out of school. The nice thing about a July 31st year end is that you can probably count on a quick turnaround from your accountant in September. The possible downside is that you won't enjoy reconciling your credit card statements and the like in August as part of getting your year end stuff together. You can avoid that by keeping your books in a decent shape all the time.
"One possibility you may consider is to keep all of your funds in the stocks and shares ISA while investing that proportion you wish to keep in cash into a tradeable ""Money Market"" ETF. A Money Market ETF will give you rates comparable to interest rates on cash and at the same time it will give you ""instant access"" subject to normal 3 day settlement of equities.   This is not exactly a perfect solution.  Most Money Market ETFs will pay monthly dividends, so depending on your timing, you may have to give up some interest.  In the worst case, if you were to sell the day before going ex-dividend, then you would be giving up a months interest.  In the best case,  if you were to sell on the day of going ex-dividend, you would be giving up no interest."
One of the most common types of consultancy is management consulting, which is the practice of helping organizations to improve their performance, primarily through the analysis of existing organizational problems and development of plans for improvement. Organizations may draw upon the services of management consultants for a number of reasons, including gaining external (and presumably objective) advice and access to the consultants’ specialised expertise. For more details visit our site lawyerslegalformsanddocuments.com
In the broadest strokes:   *Strategy* is about decision making  *Finance* is about the management of money  *Business Development* is about identifying and developing opportunities  There's a lot of interplay between all aspects of business, so it's going to sound like a lot of them beget the other, or are interchangeable:  because you can't make decisions without knowing your capital situation and how the decision will affect your cashflows, and you wouldn't have a decision to make without an opportunity being identified, and you wouldn't know how valuable an opportunity is unless you knew how it would impact your cashflows.  This is also why the higher in the corporate ladder you go, the more meetings you'll be in, because it's a coordinated dance between every department and none of them act in a vacuum.  If you got an MBA concentrating in Strategy, your most prominent opportunities straight out of school are going to be in consulting where you would help businesses make decisions on moving forward.  Strategic roles within a fortune 500 company are likely going to be filled with senior employees; with opportunities after a few years in consulting to transition into a management role within a corporate setting.  None of it is set in stone though.   If you got an MBA concentrating in Finance (what I did), your most prominent opportunities will be in corporate finance and financial services.    Corporate finance jobs center largely on capital budgeting and working capital management.  Capital budgeting is assessing how valuable potential investment projects are, and prioritizing what should be funded and how.  Working capital management is making sure you don't run out of cash (more complicated than it sounds).    You can look on payscale.com to see what common career paths for any of the entry jobs look like.  A financial analyst becomes a senior analyst after a few years, and then moves into finance management positions, then up to director/VP, CFO.  A management consultant would become a project manager, move into operations management, director/VP, C-suite.
It depends. If cost of tuition + income forgone during studying years is less than your lifelong discounted incremental cash flows you receive thanks to your education, then it is not worth it.  If your studies are, say, 150K, and you forego another 60K/y during 4 years of university, you will need to make roughly 39K ***more*** per year until you retire than you otherwise would have, or more, for your degree to be worth it. I don't see that as very realistic scenario for 90% of the people who get degrees.   Obviously cheaper/more expensive degrees, different discount rate assumptions, and different salaries before/during/after university are different from person to person. That's why everyone has to make their own calculation and then decide whether or not to make such a risky investment in themselves.
I have sat on the phone with people for 40 minutes to install our program...which should normally take 2 minutes. Its pretty tedious, but it does feel good when they have it working. Then they call you five minutes later and go, soo how does it work? Lol.
I like this plan.   A [law](http://www.forbes.com/sites/aroy/2012/05/27/why-do-hospitals-charge-4423-for-250-ct-scans-blame-arizona-republicans/) that would take Arizona hospitals in this direction was [shelved](http://www.forbes.com/sites/aroy/2012/05/27/why-do-hospitals-charge-4423-for-250-ct-scans-blame-arizona-republicans/) earlier this year.    For all the lip service paid to a transparent and functioning free market, it looks like there is not much political will to push in that direction from either side of the aisle, unfortunately.  I think that the Republican's best play would be to push this kind of legislation through in a couple of places, let the market work its magic and then point to it as a model.  I don't know why they don't.  There is nothing stopping it from coexisting with Obamacare.  But instead they'd rather sit on their hands and complain and promise how much better things would be without doing anything to prove it.  Sigh.
The answers you'll receive are going to be largely subjective. I can't tell you which option would be best for you, but there are plenty of things to consider.  Do you know how to sell a home? If your market is hot enough, FSBO may make sense as you won't need the marketing power and expertise of an agent. In very hot markets, you'll end up with potential bidding wars if you price your house correctly. But that's where things start getting tricky. Do you know what your house is realistically worth in your market, or are you making assumptions based on Zillow (or similar)? Do you know what paper work is needed to complete a FSBO sale? Are you any good at negotiating? There are certainly plenty of resources out there for FSBO sellers to learn how to do it, but it can be overwhelming.  FSBO isn't really fee free. If the buyer has an agent, they'll want a percentage (3%) for setting up their part of the sale. Without experience in negotiation, you may be leaving a decent amount of money on the table. Also, in negotiations, an experienced agent may nickel & dime you with contingencies all the way up until closing. Then there's anything you might need to pay for marketing materials and time off from work (if needed) to have the house shown. However, if you're in a market where people are literally walking up to your door to ask if you'd consider selling and for how much (which just happened to a friend of mine), then it might actually be a pretty painless process.  Traditional agents charge a fee, but that fee goes towards marketing and their experience in sales and negotiations. They do the work of getting your property in front of the right people and setting up house showings. The work is done on your behalf, and you won't need to alter your personal work schedule anywhere near as much as you would with FSBO. They only get paid if the house sells. Limited service agents are a bit of an unknown to me, but it's more than likely the buyer will have an agent, so assume the higher fee. It also appears that the LSA gets paid at least $500 no matter what happens, so they're certainly not putting in any extra effort to help get your house sold. It appears that you're simply paying to get on their list of homes and get some marketing from them, but that's about it. I'd imagine you could get the same exposure as a well educated FSBO seller.
Annual-report expense ratios reflect the actual fees charged during a particular fiscal year.  Prospectus Expense Ratio (net) shows expenses the fund company anticipates will actually be borne by the fund's shareholders in the upcoming fiscal year less any expense waivers, offsets or reimbursements. Prospectus Gross Expense Ratio is the percentage of fund assets used to pay for operating expenses and management fees, including 12b-1 fees, administrative fees, and all other asset-based costs incurred by the fund, except brokerage costs. Fund expenses are reflected in the fund's NAV. Sales charges are not included in the expense ratio. All of these ratios are gathered from a fund's prospectus.
You can buy real gold, or you can buy shares of a gold ETF, or invest in gold futures contracts. There's a number of ways, but the goal is to be exposed to the price fluctuations of gold.  I actually have a bank account through www.goldmoney.com. It works just like PayPal or a bank account. You send money and buy gold and then they send you a debit card linked to that account. When you swipe it, you're spending your gold. They also cater to business customers as well..you can send invoices to get paid, do payroll, and everything in between.
I don't about where you are, but most apprenticeships in the UK are places like supermarkets, retail, McDonalds and they're oversubscribed anyway. Seems to me almost everything is oversubscribed.  Working in retail or McDonalds is no longer a part-time job, it's an apprentice opportunity. It's been like that since apprenticeship wage has been lower than minimum wage, and  apprenticeships have weak regulation so almost any job can be classed as one. Thus companies are turning as many low end jobs into apprenticeships as possible.
Checks are normally numbered sequentially, to keep them unique for record-keeping purposes. The check number takes as many digits as it takes, depending on how long the account has been open and thus how many checks have been written.  The most recent check I looked at had a four-digit number, but as has been pointed out businesses may run through thousands  per year. I recommend storing this in an unsigned long or long-long, which will probably be comparable to the bank's own limits. I don't know whether there is an explicit maximum value; we would need to find someone who knows the banking standards to answer that.
"Ah, two things!  First, there isn't a small state with capitalism.  Capitalism requires LOTS of support from a state.   For example, there needs to be a functioning judicial system to settle disputes and to enforce all sorts of laws that benefit capitalism.  There also needs to be large investments in infrastructure, including infrastructure that would be impossible for a private entity to build and run.  Also, capitalism has this thing called ""business cycles.""  We have had two now in the past 80 years that required MASSIVE state intervention in order to save capitalism itself.  You say you are in favor of democracy, but that doesn't extend to the enterprise?  Wouldn't democracy also include workers being able to own and vote how a company is run.  How is it democratic for the person with the most shares (and thus the most money) to have the most votes.  Even in our political ""democracy"" capital has a giant corrupting influence.  One only has to look at our current government to see that influence."
Interactive Brokers offers many foreign markets (19 countries) for US based investors. You can trade all these local markets within one universal account which is very convenient in my view. IB offering
It's a con being played upon the middle money people by the big money people and it's based on the Bernoulli Principle or Venturi Effect. Simply put -- and in analogous form -- if a lot of something goes in one direction, then a lot of other similar somethings will go in the same direction too. So, if a lot of big money gets invested into derivatives then other money will follow. That original big money is called the primer -- it primes the pump flow and gets the other money following it in. If the original money, the primer, gets removed from the process it doesn't stop the flow of other money into the flow because once the flow is going, any new money in the process acts like the original primer money, sucking in even more money; this is the Venturi Effect in action -- it's how most pumps work.  So, you prime the pump, get it flowing nicely, move your priming money out of the process and wait for the thing to suck out as much money as the economy can withstand and then *crash,* er, profit! If you've set your stakes correctly to benefit from the stopping of the flow -- the crash -- you can make billions with very little effort and practically no risk at all.
Copper and its scrap have been used by mankind for centuries. Vic Recycle Metals is one of the top notch copper scrap dealers in Melbourne specialises in recycling scrap copper, scrap brass, scrap wire/cable, scrap aluminium/copper coils &amp; copper radiators, Batteries, &amp; any kind of metal scrap. Our reputation has been built on providing quality customer service, punctuality &amp; top prices. Call us on 0403 938 119 today and get the cash on the spot.
"The years since the start of the crisis have been largely defined by two camps, the “too-muchers” and “not-enoughers...  I posit both are wrong, so you can put me in the ""wrong-targeters"" camp. Wrong target because that's what the Fed has done, chosen the wrong target: Dumping money into the banking system isn't doing squat for the real economy (but it surely is making the bankers happy.)  You want to see the economy improve, then put the money directly into the economy and not the banks; our banking system has precious little to do with the real economy in the U.S."
Apparently it is up to the credit card company on how they want to report your available balance. Another disadvantage to the no-limit   credit card may not be apparent to   most people, but it is something noted   by organizations like The Motley Fool,   which is expert in many issues of   finance and investment. Part of your   credit  score, about 30%, considers   the amount of money you have borrowed,   and the limit on your present credit   cards. A no-limit credit card company   may report your limit as $0 if you   have not used the card, or they may   report  a maximum limit available to   you. They may not, nor are they   obligated, to report times when you   put tons of expenses on a credit  card   and then paid them off. While some companies will report your   timely payments and paid off amounts,   others simply report an extremely low   limit. For instance if you spent $100   US Dollars (USD), your limit might be   considered $100 USD, or it may merely   be reported as zero. You’ll need to   check with a credit card company on   how they report payments and limits on   a no-limit credit card before you   obtain one. Some people who are   scrupulous are paying off their cards   at the end of each month suffer major   losses to their credit score, without   even realizing it, if their spending   ability is rated at zero, or their   payments don’t count toward showing   credit worthiness. Source
&gt; I absolutely am willing to accept reality that some will never be anything but a waste of resources and a negative to society.  I agree there are a few psychopaths out there who will never fit in and we need to keep behind bars.    But I believe most of the people you would consider a waste were shaped that way by bad parents, a poor educational system, an economic system that prides itself on giving people as little as possible, and a society that implements emotional policies and glorifies violence.  &gt; Let them drop out or kick them out...  Whether it's for better schools and family services or jail cells and police forces, I think you are going to end up paying for these people one way or another.
Michael Pryor is 100% correct here. This is almost certainly a scam. If you want confirmation, look at the feedback of the buyers and of folks who buy stuff from them. You'll typically find that they run through a bunch of low value auctions, build up some feedback, then all of the sudden buy and sell lots of laptops or other high-value items. It's a big scam that has been going on for a decade or more. If you are actually trying to sell things like computers overseas, particularly to third world countries, the sign of a legitimate buyer is usually someone who will have you ship to an import-export company who handles the customs stuff and the bureaucratic nonsense required to deal with government on the other side. I had a bunch of Sun equipment in the late 90's that was purchased by folks in Latin America via EBay. They bought from EBay because the local resellers had a monopoly on the products or couldn't get sufficient quantities. All of them used companies, mostly in Miami, which handled the actual export at the customer's expense.
"I think the answer depends very much on where you are.  I believe the other answer covers north america. On contrast, in (continental) Europe, giving the account and bank number (IBAN and BIC) is a (the most) common way to enable someone to send money to you.  E.g. in Germany, you need much more than account number and bank number to withdraw money:  To ""push"" money to another account (wire transfer from your account to someone who gave you the other account + bank numbers), you either have to hand-sign a certain form, or (online) certain credentials (e.g. login & password / PIN + TAN) are needed. I.e. for defrauding you, the other would need to get your online credentials (for mTAN also your mobile phone, for chipTAN a TAN generator of your bank [easy] and your bank card, for (i)TAN your TAN list) or fake your signature. There are also ways to allow someone to pull money from your account, see e.g. direct debit For that you sign that the other side is allowed to withdraw specified amounts of money (at specified dates). This is either  between you and the other (i.e. your bank cannot check and doesn't reject withdrawals that are not authorized). However, the other side needs to have signed a contract with their bank that they'll only try to withdraw money they're entitled to.  or you sign such a thing with your bank (then they do know whether the other side is allowed to withdraw money, and you can tell the bank that you won't accept any further withdrawals from XYZ).  In the first case, the withdrawal technically still needs your approval. In order not to create a huge risk of fraud, the rejecting here is really easy:  If you tell your bank that you reject the payment,  The practical rule is that the payment is approved if you didn't reject within the first 6 weeks after the bank sent the account statement. In other words, until 4 1/2 months after the withdrawal (in case you have a bank that does only quarterly account statements), the one to get the money cannot be really sure that he actually has the money. I think (but I'm not completely sure, maybe someone else can comment/edit) that these two possibilities are also what is used with debit card payments (EC/Maestro card - these are much more common here than real credit card payments).  -- end of Germany specific example --"
You put in a market order when you want to sell to whomever raises their hand first.  It results in the fastest possible liquidation of your stock. It's appropriate when you need to sell now, regardless of price. An example of when to use it: It's 3:55 PM, the market's going to close in 5 minutes and you need to sell some stocks to make some kind of urgent payment elsewhere.  If instead you have a limit order in place, you might not reach the limit price before the market closes, and you'll still own the stock, which might not be what you want.
"I mean, are we moving from ""everyone deserves enough wage to fully live on no matter how much value their job creates"" to ""everyone deserves full on nice place to live no matter what""?  My wife and I are living in 2 rooms of someone else's home because neither of us graduated college. That's an office we share and a bedroom. We are either sleeping or working. Often at different times because she works night shift. Our bathroom is the ""anybody who happens to be downstairs and anyone who visits the house bathroom"".  She's currently studying for a job upgrade and I've started a business that's beginning to get traction, but that's recent. We made bad decisions that led to not great jobs. But we realized that the only people who could pick us up and help were ourselves. My refrigerator just died, and I no longer have a vehicle because some loser decided he wanted to pull  out in front of me at the last possible second. My family helps, but they can't prop us up, and I DON'T WANT THEM TOO.  If you're working a minimum wage job, educate yourself. Build something else. Free education is all over the internet and you can literally make yourself a job now with nothing but a computer (fuck, a smartphone) and your work ethic. Nobody who will hire you gives a shit about your skin color or gender or anything like that. They care about whether or not you can provide value.  Let teenagers sling fries and pack boxes. Fucking grow up and learn how to code. Learn how to work on cars in your spare time. Education is now free and it's the ticket to a better life. Jesus fuck.  Saying things like ""Stop eating avocado toast and you could afford a house"" is bullshit.   But to say ""use free resources to help yourself instead of staying at McDonald's and spending your time on nonsense bullshit, and maybe you could soon make more than minimum wage"" sure isn't. I've worked minimum wage and driven an hour from my house for the privelege.  If you aren't willing to improve yourself and your skillset, then fuck yes, live under the stairs like Harry Potter.   There's no reason Gary Vaynerchuk goes from working at his dad's liquor store to millionaire, but someone else can't go from McDonald's to making a real ""living wage"".  There's no reason JK Rowling went from nothing to giving away so much money that she dropped from billionaire to millionaire​, but someone else can't learn how to write as copy or social media for businesses.  Live under the stairs. Make minimum wage. But don't bitch about it if you aren't fucking working to change your circumstances, because to be honest, nobody owes you or me shit."
You could have both options exercised (and assigned to you) on the same day, but I don't think you could lose money on both on the same day. The reason is that while exercises are immediate, assignments are processed after the markets close at the end of each day. See http://www.888options.com/help/faq/assignment.jsp for details. So you would get both assignments at the same time, that night. The net effect should be that you don't own any stock (someone would put you the stock, then it'd be called away) and you don't have the options anymore. You should have incoming cash of $1500 selling the stock to the call exerciser and outgoing cash of $1300 buying from the put exerciser, right? So you would have no more options but $200 more cash in your account in the morning. You bought at 13 and sold at 15. This options position is an agreement to buy at 13 and sell at 15 at someone else's option. The way you lose money is if one of the options isn't exercised while the other is, i.e. if the stock is below 13 so nobody is going to opt to buy from you at 15, but they'll sell to you at 13; or above 15 so nobody is going to opt to sell to you at 13, but they'll buy from you at 15. You make money if neither is exercised (you keep the premium you sold for) or both are exercised (you keep the gap between the two, plus the premium). Having both exercised is surely rare, since early exercise is rare to begin with, and tends to happen when options are deep in the money; so you'd expect both to be exercised if both are deep in the money at some point. Having both be exercised on the same day ... can't be common, but it's maybe most likely just before expiration with minimal time value, if the stock moves around quickly so both options are in the money at some point during the day.
Its due to the type of track.. nearly all automatic trains dont have object detection. They assume a clear track. That works great for elevated trains and isnt bad for a small metro.. ones that drive the rail infrastructure, arent yet for similar reasons to cars and everything else.. you dont want a 150 car train carrying fuel to not be able to detect a car stuck on the tracks.
You really shouldn't be using class tracking to keep business and personal operations separate. I'm pretty sure the IRS and courts frown upon this, and you're probably risking losing any limited liability you may have. And for keeping separate parts of the business separate, like say stores in a franchise, one approach would be subaccounts. Messy, I'm sure.
Take a look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payment_gateway There is essentially a lead time between when the transaction is made and when it is settled, 2-3 business days is the lead time for settlement. The link explains the process step-by-step
If you are calculating simple ROI, the answer is straightforward math.  See This Answer for some examples, but yes, with more leverage you will always see better ROI on a property IF you can maintain a positive cash flow.  The most complete answer is to factor in your total risk. That high ROI of a leveraged property is far more volatile and sensitive to any unexpected expenses. Additionally, a loss of equity in the property (or an upside-down mortgage) will further impact your long term position. To put this more simply (as noted in the comments below), your losses will be amplified. You cannot say a leveraged property will always give you a better ROI because you cannot predict your losses.
DCU, Alliant Credit Union has completely scan only options (no need to mail in checks later). BofA, SchoolsFirstCU allow initial scan, but you need to mail in checks later. All these are no fee.
I struggle with 0% interest things in my personal life.  A responsible me that thinks logically says continue to pay it on time and take advantage of the benefit of the interest free loan you got. It will keep your funds liquid in the case of an emergency, build your credit and teach you self control.  Paying it off now has little to no benefit. It does however tie up $3,000 worth of capital you could be using for building interest or leveraging against other purchases.
Tiffany's doesn't signal 'wealth', but poor taste. That's one of their problems: mediocre mass market brand screaming they are super-premium. Have been to their flagship store in NY - as I said: totally mass market jewelry, unjustly expensively priced, huge success with Japanese tourists (no offence to Japanese tourists intended).
It should be in the name(s) of whomever puts money in the account.  When filing your taxes there will be a question or space to mark the percentage of income in each others name. If you're just looking for small amounts of income splitting, then it's legal for the higher earning spouse to pay household expenses and then the lower earning spouse can save all or some of his/her income. Whether or not to have 2 accounts or not has more to do with estate planning and minimizing account fees if applicable.  It can also help in a small way for asset allocation if that's based on family assets and also, minimizing commissions.
underwriters aren't subject to lock-up.  They actually don't hold anything.  They oversell at IPO, with their short position covered by the green shoe (an option from the company).  If the deal does well, the underwriters exercise the green shoe to cover their short.  If the deal runs into some pressure, they step in to support the price by buying back shares... thereby covering their short.  So they are doing price support in the early days of a deal, but it is almost always paid for by the company granting them an option.  But the underwriters aren't taking stock.  Correct that typically all insiders and existing investors are expected to sign-up a lock-up.
If you have made $33k from winning trades and lost $30k from loosing trades your net gain for the year would be $3k, so obviously you would pay taxes only on the net $3k gains.
I'm terrible at negotiating, so can you tell me how he comes up with the 20%? Research similar deals? I guess my question is what factors determine the final 30% level other than raw willpower and balls.
"They do this with nautical charts, it's called ""print on demand"". The land masses don't really change but stuff like buoys, navigational aids etc. do so they're up to date as of the day it's printed which is cool."
Well not 100% the sooner production is stopped the better (which is what China is doing) it's WORSE for the environment to replace still running gasoline cars with EVs due to the carbon footprint of production. Stop production ASAP, run gas cars until they die natural deaths, and ban them when almost no one has a running one.
well you are applying your own personal experience and saying it isn't worth it... at 40k debt that's an amount I believe most could swallow vs going to Europe AND to a specific degree that isn't recognized in the US. Yeah I agree... not really worth it... TO YOU.  I'm talking about the people out there with 100/200k in debt that could go for degrees that you can bring back to the US. Business, maths, even medicine. I'm not going to waste my time doing research for you but education in Germany, Sweden, Norway, Denmark (?) and Finland is free. All else being equal, you could probably go abroad and save yourself 40k to invest in whatever you want. But of course, owing thousands of dollars out of school is so ingrained in the US culture that it became the status quo.
Depends on the budget. Nonprofits with budgets under $1 million (usually) set executive director salary at around 10% of budget. Major nonprofits with multi million/billion budgets (think Red Cross or Gates Foundation) sometimes use a percentage from 1 to 2.5%.
I am mostly interested in day to day records, and would like the data to contain information such as dividend payouts, and other parameters commonly available, such as on : http://finviz.com/screener.ashx ... but the kind of queries you can do is limited. For instance you can only go back two years.
I have mixed feelings on the way Yelp filters reviews.  They need to be fairly aggressive on the way they filter them as it's extremely easy to manipulate, however In the process many good reviews get canned.   I wrote a beast of a review for my first review and it was promptly filtered .. I was ticked.  After one or two more it became unfiltered.
"An index is just a mathematical calculation based on stock prices. Anyone can create such a calculation and (given a little effort) publish it based on publicly available data. The question of ""open source"" is simply whether or not the calculator chooses to publish the calculation used. Given how easy an index is to create, the issue is not the ""open source"" nature or otherwise, but its credibility and usefulness."
This even happens in union environments.  I work for a company that is heavily unionized and company seniority is all that matters.  If there isn't enough work for a full timer to do, he is allowed to bump two part timers out of their hours for the day.  When the economy really tanked a few years ago, we had guys with three or four years of seniority who were getting bumped out of their hours regularly because our volume was way down.  Newer hires weren't getting any hours at all because they were at the bottom of the seniority list.
In the USA, you probably owe Self Employment Tax. The cutoff for tax on this is 400$. You will need to file a tax return and cover the medicaid expenses as if you were both the employer and employee.  In addition, if he earns income from self-employment, he may owe Self-Employment Tax, which means paying both the employee’s and employer's share of Social Security and Medicaid taxes. The trigger for Self Employment Tax has been $400 since 1990, but the IRS may change that in the future. Also see the IRS website.  So yes, you need to file your taxes. How much you will pay is determined by exactly how much your income is.  If you don't file, you probably won't be audited, however you are breaking the law and should be aware of the consequences.
There's some really questionable advice in Rich Dad, Poor Dad. The one that I always thought was bad advice was when he wrote that people should always pay themselves first and worry about paying down debts later. So if you've got big credit card debts, you should first allocate money to saving and investing and pay your debts later. He says that will inspire you to come up with creative ways to get income to pay off that extra debt because you're under pressure. I don't buy it though. It's something that sounds good, but if you apply it, you end up broke quickly.
It's a little extra hassle come tax-time if you have a distribution to account for, as you'd be required to file Form 8606. If you pay for tax-preparation the extra fees could easily wipe out any interest earned.  Roth IRA savings accounts don't seem to earn much interest, so while you could come out slightly ahead with this approach, I don't think it's worth it. I prefer to keep a portion of my emergency fund in an online savings account (0.75% interest), and another portion in CD's (2.10% interest) through the same bank.
"The sentence is mathematically wrong and verbally unclear. Mathematically, you calculate the downwards percentage by So, it should be Verbally, the reporter should have written ""The stock is down by 25%"", not ""down by -25%""."
I assume that you are a citizen of India, and are what Indian law calls a NRI (NonResident Indian) and thus entitled to operate an NRE (NonResident External) account in India.  You can deposit US dollars into the NRE account, but the money is converted to Indian Rupees (INR) and held as INR.  You can withdraw the money and bring it back to the US as US dollars, but the INR will be converted to US$ at the exchange rate applicable on the date of the transaction.  With the recent decline of the Indian Rupee against the US dollar, many NRE accounts lost a lot of their value. You can deposit any amount of money in your NRE account. Some banks may limit the amount you can send in one business day, but if 250 times that amount seriously limits the amount of money you want to send each year, you should not be asking here; there are enough expensive lawyers, bankers and tax advisors who will gladly guide you to a satisfactory solution. There is no limitation on the total amount that you can have in your NRE account.  The earnings (interest paid) on the sum in your NRE account is not taxable income to you in India but you may still need to file an income tax return in India to get a refund of the tax withheld by the bank (TDS) and sent to the tax authorities. The bank should not withhold tax on the earnings in an NRE account but it did happen to me (in the past).  While the interest paid on your NRE account is not taxable in India, it is taxable income to you on your US tax returns (both Federal and State) and you must declare it on your tax return(s) even though the bank will not issue a 1099-INT form to you. Be aware also about  the reporting requirements for foreign accounts (FBAR, TD F90-22.1 etc). Lots of people ignored this requirement in the past, but are more diligent these days after the IRS got a truckload of information about accounts in foreign banks and went after people charging them big penalties for not filing these forms for ever so many years. There was a huge  ruckus in the Indian communities in the US about how the IRS was unfairly targeting simple folks instead of auditing the rich! But, if the total value of the accounts did not exceed $10K at any time of the year, these forms do not need to be filed. It seems, though, that you will not fall under this exemption since you are planning on having considerably larger sums in your NRE account. So be sure and follow the rules.
Bắt đầu từ việc mua nguyên liệu thô để chuyển tải kết quả cuối cùng, tất cả các giai đoạn tạo ra đều được các chuyên gia xem xét. Với văn phòng kho bãi khổng lồ và bộ phận đóng gói hoàn chỉnh, chúng tôi đã đảm bảo yêu cầu hàng loạt của khách hàng đúng giờ. Bất cứ khi nào bạn muốn sửa chữa ngôi nhà và vach ngan thạch cao hoặc trần nhà trong nhà bạn thì bạn nên chọn đúng nơi đáng tin cậy ở Việt Nam. Đội ngũ chuyên nghiệp của chúng tôi cung cấp dịch vụ tốt hơn với chất lượng cao.
"Interesting how you ignored and left out that it is collusion with GOVERNMENTS (a specific subset of human beings, ostensibly ""serving"" the public, but in reality generally serving themselves in a corrupt manner).  Ergo you MUST be a democrat/socialist."
Some countries are considering stocking up on gold to shore up their notes.  (Or so I heard)  If this happens, gold will obviously become more rare.  The price will then be valued not only by the buying and selling of it but also by the forced rarity of it.
First of all, that link is nonsense. I recommend you read the actual GAO audit report, which has 16T in *revolving loans* with only (if I recall) about 1.8T in actual loans at any one time. Secondly, every time I check the details of a claim from Bernie Sanders he has stretched the truth far beyond reasonable, mostly to keep his name in the news I expect.  Now, there was nothing that secret about *anything* in that report that was not reported in GAO reports from earlier. This audit was done for political purposes mostly, and the Fed has audits done regularly, as I stated earlier. This too can be checked, and I recommened you do so rather than believe me or that story.  That incident, as you call it, is already exceeding rare. You have to weigh the pros/cons of that incident (which as I pointed out is not really an incident) with the problems that arise when you make more transparent and governmental control of the Fed. If the Fed has a role in stabilizing the economy (which is it's mandate) and if many of the tools do not work as well with more transparency and if there is evidence across many countries that doing such things to the Fed will likely result in certain problems, then one should make that call. However, to want those changes made while being ignorant of the issues is a terrible idea, and it is the least informed that usually yell the loudest for such changes. This would not be a problem except then certain politicians realize they can get votes by pandering to the ignorant masses, which really leads to tanked economies.  Find how many economies have been tanked by an independent central banks versus how many have been tanked by political forces meddling with their respective economies.  Finally, I highly recommend anytime you read a story that sounds outrageous, track down the source material and read it yourself. If you cannot find source material, or they do not  list it, then distrust them.  You'll find 99/100 times the outrageousness is created by selectively pulling information from the actual reports. Then track down report sources, wherever possible. Etc.  Seriously, read the actual report.
Our Website http://www.tanklessdoneright.net/ Tankless water heater reviews act as a crucial source to contrast and also examine different kinds of tankless water heaters offered on the marketplace. Tankless hot water heater reviews appear in periodicals, e-newsletters and publications. Like various other item testimonials, people along with companies and also suppliers article tankless hot water heater examines on the site Tankless Done Right. There countless Internet site committed to offering outstanding evaluations on the available tankless hot water heater.
"&gt;Despite having zero proof of such a thing happening.  I was refreshing when he did it, so I saw him downvote me in real time. Then, within a minute, he posted his reply. They float a div with the subreddit rule whenever you hover over the downvote. How is that not proof? Anyway, I suspect that FatStig is your alter account anyway, so you're essentially just a little contrarian who doesn't contribute to the discussion. Also, if that is your alter, the way you're defending it makes you a sock puppeteer in reddit parlance. That's unacceptable by the community's longtime standards.  &gt;The fact you even made a point to bring it up says all that needs to be said.   Pointing out your rule violations would not (and does not) satiate any anger in me; it's not like I reported it. The reason I drew attention to your misbehavior by mentioning it was to make you uncomfortable, because I want to alienate you from the conversation because your participation in it (and probably other discussions on this sub) was not contributing to the discussion. It was detracting from my user experience. You're trying to frame it as an angry tirade because repackaging my legitimate complaint of your behavior makes it easier to dismiss. You are doing that because you are juvenile, and you are inconsiderate of the people around you who have to constantly deal with your shit. Truth.  &gt;""IDC you little twerp."" Ya you did get mad over being downvoted.  Emotions are a range. When I was a young man, there were times I became angry at little things. Over time that has changed. Don't mistake my contempt for your personality as anger: I think you're a twerp because you exhibit the same shallow misbehavior that a long-time user, like me, perceives as corrupting reddit as I know and love it. I disdain your participation in my interests; I find you to be annoying in an irritating sort of way. And, honestly, this is way harsher than I wanted to be with you, because I want to discourage you trying to interact with me if you are unwilling to change your ways. Your ways are a waste of my time and energy. I will probably stop responding soon because my prerogative, at this point, is to stop being exposed to your nonsense."
With a long enough time horizon, no matter when you buy, equities almost always outperform cash and bonds. There's an article here with some info: http://www.fool.co.uk/investing-basics/how-when-and-where-to-invest/ Holding period where shares have beaten cash  There was a similar study done which showed if you picked any day in the last 100 years, no matter if the market was at a high or low, after 1 year your probability of being in profit was only 0.5, but after 10-20 years it was almost certainly 1.0.  Equities compound dividends too, and the best place to invest is in diversified stock indices such as the S&P500, FTSE100, DOW30 or indices/funds which pay dividends. The best way to capture returns is to dollar cost average (e.g. place a lump sum, then add $x every month), to re-invest dividends, and oh, to forget about it in an IRA or SIPP (Self invested pension) or other vehicle which discourages tampering with your investment.  Yes, values rise and fall but we humans are so short sighted, if we had bought the S&P in 2007 and sold in 2009 in fear, we would have missed out on the 25% gain (excluding dividends) from 2007-2014. That's about 3% a year gain even if you bought the 2007 high -beating cash or bonds even after the financial crisis. Now imagine had you dollar cost averaged the entire period from 2007-2014 where your gain would be. Your equity curve would have the same shape as the S&P (with its drastic dip in 2009) but an accelerated growth after. There are studies if you dig that demonstrate the above. From experience I can tell you timing the market is nigh impossible and most fund managers are unable to beat the indices. Far better to DCA and re-invest dividends and not care about market gyrations! ..
The ignorant and absolutely misleading or flat out lying done by these companies to sway politicians in favor of fracking is intellectually insulting to someone whose head is not firmly rammed up his own ass. Specifically, me. Fracking is no bueno because it is no safeo. Why not also store spent nuclear fuel rods close to an aquifer while we're doing stupid things?
"Rod Kagy is a corporate Vice Chairman, and Chairman overseeing five private organizations &amp; has been recognized by a company as one of the ""Top 50 Business Intellectuals in the World""; by Harvard Business Press as one of the ""Top 200 Business Gurus""; by American Express as one of the ""Top Six Business Leaders in the World"" to coach its entrepreneurial clients."
Japan printed 11 trillion yen on Monday.  They do this by monetizing their own debt.  The increase in the supply of yen affects the value of the currency.  Strange thought, I know.  Greece has an economic crisis because they were borrowing at rates that AAA rated countries do.  Someone noticed that they weren't exactly a AAA country when they needed to ask for bailout money.  Since all government debt is considered risk free and same as cash, this came as a shock to most 'investors' hence the 'crisis'  edit: my bad, was 11 trillion, not 9 trillion
"Entrepreneurship is the solution.  Everyone just wants ""a job"".  Why not make your own, then eventually provide jobs for others?  Stop thinking of life as a random string of jobs until you retire.  Create, invent, and provide something useful to society.  You'll have a happier life and you'll be bettering this world."
Nobody is suggesting that China hasn't had massive amounts of growth. However, even a relatively small discrepancy (for instance, 6.9% against 6.5%, similar to what appears in the article) can compound in to a huge difference over years.  If that relatively minute 0.4% spread were misreported since the 90s, that produces output gap of about USD $2 trillion (roughly 10% of the GDP).   It's hard to guess the magnitude of the inaccuracies, though some estimates exist, but I'd be willing to bet that the government never *under* reports growth.  Why do inflated assets matter? Because they lead to unrealizable capital gains on the balance sheet that gets counted in GDP, potentially producing reporting inaccuracies.  I agree with you that infrastructure projects drive a lot of China's growth, but again, the other drivers notwithstanding, there is a material difference between 6.5% and 6.9%.
"You will receive a combination of Verizon shares and cash whether you chose option B or C. Option B means that your ""Return of Value"" will be treated as capital - ie: as a capital gain. Option C means that your ""Return of Value"" will be treated as income - ie: as a dividend. As your ISA has favourable tax status, you don't end up paying any capital gain tax or income tax on dividend income. So it won't matter which option you chose."
The car company loans you money at 1 or 2% because it is part of the incentive to get you to buy the car.  Car company transactions are complex involving the manufacturer, the dealership, and the financing part of the car company. Not to mention Rebates, the used car transaction, and the leasing department. If they don't offer you a loan then the profit from that part of transaction is lost to an outside company. The better loan rates from the manufacturer are only with shorter term loans and without the rebate. That is why some suggest that you get the rebate, and then go to a credit union for the loan for lowest overall cost and greatest flexibility. The advertised rates are also only for the customers with great credit scores and the room in their clash flow to pay off the loan in a year or two. If you don't fit in that category, the rates will be higher.
"Its definitely not a stupid question. The average American has absolutely no idea how this process works. I know this might be annoying, but I'm answering without 100% certainty.   The Fed would increase the money supply by buying back government bonds. This increased demand for bonds would raise their price and therefore lower the interest return that they deliver. Since U.S. treasury bonds are considered to be the very safest possible investment, their rate is the ""risk free"" rate upon which all other rates are based. So if the government buys billions of these bonds, that much money ends up in the hands of whoever sold them. These sellers are the large financial organizations that hold all of our money (banks and large investment vehicles). Now, since bond rates are lower, they have an incentive to put that money somewhere else. It goes into stocks and investment in business ventures.   I'm less certain about how this turns into inflation that consumers will recognize. The short answer is that there is only a finite number of goods and services for us to buy. If the amount of money increases and there are still the same number of goods and services, the prices will increase slightly.   Your question about printing money to pay off debts is too complex for me to answer. I know that the inflation dynamic does play a role. It makes debts easier to pay off in the future than they seem right now. However, causing massive inflation to pay off debts brings a lot of other problems."
Since the I in IRA is individual. The retirement money from your accounts will end up in one or more IRAs. The retirement money from your spouses retirement accounts will end up in one or more IRAs owned by your spouse. How many IRA each will need depends on if the retirement fund contains pre-tax, post-tax, Roth and company match; and if you want to do any conversions.
Enjoy the advantages of gd2one , the best online sports book for the users. At gd2one you will find a wide coverage of most sporting events and an extensive online betting offer. The mechanics to bet on gd2one is very comfortable and simple thanks to our sports betting guide that will guide you through the process. With simple steps you will enter a new world and you can start to place your bets on soccer, basketball, tennis, malaysia football betting, Formula 1, MotoGP or whatever your favourite sport. Choose the type of bets that you prefer from the wide offer you will find on our website. Every day we are more fans of internet gambling. Are you going to stay out of the game? Follow the most important sporting events every day and safely conduct your sports betting by taking advantage of the best odds.
They are.   For example, they both have LTE equipment and labor contracts with Ericsson. The deal basically means that they can mass-order LTE network hardware from Ericsson, save on cost per unit,  and ship them between Japan and the US as needed.   Hardware that supports multiple frequencies does exist.  Both carry the iphone and Sprint can help secure better devices for Softbank while Softbank can provide an easy way for OEMs, previously unknown in the US, to cross over.   When Apple demands that carriers make large orders of iphones,  Sprint and Softbank can both make the order and pass inventory between them.  Language related issues are not a big deal these days.
Education costs will not continue on that trend. The vast majority of people will not have 529 accounts with a half million dollars in them. And banks, while loosey goosey with loans for the last 20 years, will not be lending out a half million dollars to college kids - who will surely default on them.   Which means if college costs continue at that pace, most colleges will fold.
There are 3 account types your question discusses and each has its good/bad points. The above is a snapshot of these account types. IRAs have income restrictions that may disallow a deduction on the traditional, or any deposit to Roth, etc.  If this does not address your question, please comment, and I'll edit for better clarity.
"Personally I would advise only buying what you can afford without borrowing money, even if it means living in a tent. Financially, that is the best move. If you are determined to borrow money to buy a house, the person with income should buy it as sole owner. Split ownership will create a nightmare if any problems develop in the relationship. Split ownership has the advantage that it doubles the tax-free appreciation deduction from $250,000 to $500,000, but in your case my sense is that that is not a sufficient reason to risk dual ownership. Do not charge your ""partner"" rent. That is crazy."
People don't realise this. Their trading Bitcoins doesn't validate its utility and guarantee its survival. They will trade anything which makes money without taking a position on it. Even if they take positions they will be the first one out at the sign of trouble as it happened during the Lehman crisis.   In any case this might be some junior guys making a proposal to the management which would most likley get shot down.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) says that account history will stay on your credit report as a closed account for 7 years, and then it will drop off, just like any other bad or good mark on your credit (aside from bankruptcies which stay on reports for 10 years, and can be asked about for the rest of your life). The presence of a new credit card will do more to lower your score in the short term than closing an old credit card. On a related note, reporting a card as lost or stolen can also show up as a different, closed account, even if you keep the same account open with the creditor.
It'll work for sure. Maybe just not yet. Amazon might just be planting the seed for a business they expect to take off in 5 years. The logistics of delivering fresh food will be figured out and the convenience of grocery shopping online will catch consumers.
Sure, and I agree that self-driving cars will replace current vehicles over time. Where I disagree with people is in the claim that individuals will give up private ownership in exchange for order-up public vehicles. Many people who discuss automation try to lump in this idea of giving up private ownership as well. I don't see that happening.
STEM activities which mean Science Technology Engineering and Math are the entire buzz in education. Kids enjoy finding out how things work out through hands-on projects, fun and educators love knowing that they are also preparing their students for their tech future. In this program, participants of STEM For Kids program will learn and know how to make a basic computer programs &amp; codes for games etc. Get more details on hands-on projects on STEM For Kids at:http://www.newjerseyhunter.com/forums/members/57378.html
Is that the case? I thought that all physical box offices sold tickets at face value, if you want to schlep all the way out there to buy your tickets in person. Or is it just a myth?  As with most folks, I get all my tickets on ticketbastard.com, so I guess I'll never find out.
While in the interview stage you need one good outfit. Take care of them and they will see you through this stage of the process. Shoes, ties, shirt, and a suit can all be purchased on sale. The fact that you have months before graduation give you time to purchase them when there is a sale.  Off-the-rack is good enough for a suit for this stage of your life. There is no need to go custom made when you are just starting out. In fact you may find you never need more than one or two suits, and they never need to be custom made.
"I would add to the other excellent answers that another factor besides just high unemployment numbers is the fear people have regarding the ""financial"" aspects of the country, that is the value of stocks and the value of the dollar.  When the economy is sluggish it means people aren't buying enough, therefore companies aren't making enough, therefore their profits are too low and people start to divest from them, and stock prices drop.  Or even the fear of this happening can induce people to sell off shares.   The point is, people are worried ""in this economy"" because if--due to unemployment, low spending/consumer confidence--the stock market crashes again as it did in 2008/09, that represents a lot of savings lost, e.g. 40-50% of what one was counting on to retire with, particularly if you panic sell at the bottom.  Now suddenly it's as if you had a huge robbery, and you will have to work longer into your retirement years than you'd planned.  Similarly, if, due to monetary policy, the U.S. inflates the dollar, what one saved for retirement may not be sufficient.  (These arguments are true for shorter periods than just one's retirement, but just taking that as an example). So it's not just unemployment that is worrisome ""in this economy"".  This said, I agree with George Marian that one ought to be careful and plan well regardless of the winds of the economy.  I guess for most people (and companies), though, ""in this economy"" means they can't get away with the kind of carelessness they might have during a boom."
"It's extremely easy to get a rough valuation of your home. Just phone a real estate agent. Virtually any real estate agent will come and value your home free. Even if you say outright ""I'm not considering selling, I just want a valuation"" they will probably do it, because for them getting contacts of people who might one day want to sell their home is all-important. Even if a few turn you down, some will do it. You might say that an agent isn't going to be as accurate as an appraiser, and you are right. There is also an expectation that they will evaluate higher than the real value, to persuaade you to sell. That probably isn't a big issue, and it's something you can compensate for. And even an appraiser is going to be based somewhat on speculation.  You might try to do this calculation yourself, but an agent has access to the actual sale prices of nearby houses - you can't get that information. You only have access to the asking prices. And did I mention they will do it for free?"
"I think Fidelity has a very nice introduction to Growth vs Value investing that may give you the background you need.  People love to put stocks in categories however the distinction is more of a range and can change over time. JB King makes a good point that for most people the two stocks you mentioned would both be considered value right now as they are both stable companies with a significant dividend.  You are correct though Pfizer might be considered ""more growth."" A more drastic example would be the difference between Target and Amazon.  Both are retail companies that sell a wide variety of products.  Target is a value company: a established company with stable revenues that uses its income to give a fairly stable dividend.  Amazon is a growth company: that is reinvesting its revenues back into the corporation to grow itself as fast as possible.   The price of the Amazon stock reflects what people think will be future growth (future income) for the company.  Whereas Target's price appears to be based on the idea that future income will be similar to current income.  You can see why growth companies like Amazon might be more risky as that growth you paid a high price for may not be realized, but the payout may be much higher as well."
You may need to specifically state that your extra payments should go towards principal, and should not be considered early payments of future months.
First of all, congratulations on your home purchase.  The more equity you build in your house, the more of the sale price you get out of it when you move to your next house.  This will enable you to consume more house in the future.  Think of it as making early payments towards your next down payment. Another option is to save up a chunk of money and recast your mortgage, paying down the principal and having the resulting amount re-amortized to provide you with a lower monthly payment.  You may be able to do this at least once during your time in the house, and if you do it early enough it can potentially help your savings in other areas. On the other hand, it is possible given today's low interest rates for mortgages that in other forms of investments (such as index funds) you could make more on the money you'd be putting towards your extra payments.  Then you would have more money in savings when you go to sell this house and buy the next one that you would in equity if you didn't go that route.  This is riskier than building equity in your home, but potentially has a bigger pay-off. You do the trade-offs.
You sound ahead of the game. I personally regret locking myself in rooms in post-hs depression with the Internet and books.  Honestly, I have regrets from that time a few years ago. Recognize and cherish your freedom. I know this sounds cliché as hell but at this unique stage it's priceless and fleeting. Hang with friends, drink, chase girls, have adventures with friends as much as possible before you go separate ways permanently.   In your free time, lift weights to have even more fun in college.   It sounds like you're hustling. In a few months life is gonna hold a proverbial gun to your head and say you can't NOT hustle for years and years and years. It doesn't have to be like that but it is for most ambitious people. Especially in finance.   Assuming you're not about that or have your bases covered, any coding is great. Check out R. CSS, HTML if you wanna know web design. Read Wall Street Oasis instead of this sub.   Excuse the rantyness of that
"Yeah... using let's encrypt for the SSL certs.... which I'm certainly not against, but provides even less guarantee they are who they say they are.  High probability of scam.  EDIT: Port 22 is wide open which gives me even less faith.  EDIT 2: I could not find ""Beam"" or ""Meet Beam"" on the FDIC registry either.  https://research.fdic.gov/bankfind/"
Conference on ‘Achieving Better Parenting for our Children’ November 29, 2011 ‘Parenting towards Resilience’ was the main theme discussed during a conference held recently, organised by Agenzija Sedqa in collaboration with the Office of the Children’s Commissioner. Ms. Sina Bugeja, Chief Executive Officer, Foundation for Social Welfare Services during her opening address explained that Parenting towards Resilience, was the main theme chosen by the Foundation to [...]  Spring Hill United Church of Christ to offer support group for people with HIV/AIDS November 29, 2011 By Gail Hollenbeck, Times Correspondent In Print: Saturday, November 26, 2011 Print Email Post Republish Story Tools Comments (0) Contact the editor Email Newsletters Social Bookmarking ShareThis ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Featured Syracuse Fires Assistant Basketball Coach Fine Bucs blow late lead, lose 23-17 to Titans Rewind: Admiral Farragut heads to state semis Armwood 23, Hillsborough 0 Pasco [...]  Health Board November 29, 2011 SYLVIA THOMPSON German psychotherapist Bert Hellinger has developed an approach to dealing with relationship problems, financial distress, addictions and career troubles that is based on the idea that self-limiting beliefs can be inherited from previous generations. Julie Williams will lead a workshop in this approach on Saturday from 10.30am-5pm in Greystones Holistic Centre, Church Road, [...]
This isn't a DIY area. You should talk to a lawyer about setting up a trust. Also, does the irresponsible person acknowledge that they are irresponsible? Are the legally competent? Or are you looking at a 20 year old with a big check coming down?
Stock prices reflect future expectations of large groups of people, and may not be directly linked to traditional valuations for a number of reasons (not definitive). For example, a service like Twitter is so popular that even though it has no significant revenue and loses money, people are simply betting that it is deeply embedded enough that it will eventually find some way to make money. You can also see a number of cases of IPOs of various types of companies that do not even have a revenue model at all. Also, if there is rapid sales growth in A but B sales are flat, no one is likely to expect future profit growth in B such that the valuation will remain steady. If sales in A are accelerating, there may be anticipation that future profits will be high. Sometimes there are also other reasons, such as if A owns valuable proprietary assets, that will hold the values up. However, more information about these companies' financials is really needed in order to understand why this would be the case.
Employee Stock Purchase Plans (ESPPs) were heavily neutered by U.S. tax laws a few years ago, and many companies have cut them way back. While discounts of 15% were common a decade ago, now a company can only offer negligible discounts of 5% or less (tax free), and you can just as easily get that from fluctuations in the market. These are the features to look for to determine if the ESPP is even worth the effort: As for a cash value, if a plan has at least one of those features, (and you believe the stock has real long term value), you still have to determine how much of your money you can afford to divert into stock. If the discount is 5%, the company is paying you an extra 5% on the money you put into the plan.
You can. Speculating on marine traffic is more closely tied to oil trades and ocean shipping container rates, than trades on any particular companies. But companies heavily tied to ocean shipping can be ripe for speculation. The baltic dry index is created for this analytical purpose, and that information can be used as an indicator to hedge or speculate in container freight swap agreements.  The Guggenheim Shipping Exchange Traded Fund also serves as a proxy for maritime shipping profitability, but it is just a bundle of several publicly traded marine shipping companies shares.
I'm pretty sure Amy is a chicks name. I'm sure there are people lining up for those jobs. There is something about tech culture in general (not just startups) that glorifies long hours even if they aren't necessary or productive. I find it interestingly wrong.
"You want a fee-only advisor.  He charges like an architect or plumber: by the hour or some other ""flat fee"". That is his only compensation. He is not paid on commission at all.  He is not affiliated with any financial services company of any kind.   His office is Starbucks.  He does not have a well lit office like the commission broker down the street.  He does not want you to hand him your money - it stays in the brokerage account of your choice (within reason - some brokerage accounts are terrible and he'll tell you to get out of those).  He never asks for the password to your brokerage account.  Edit: The UK recently outlawed commission brokers.  These guys were competitive ""sales types"" who thrive on commissions, and probably went into other sales jobs.  So right now, everyone is clamoring for the few proper financial advisors available.  High demand is making them expensive.  It may not be cost-effective to hire an advisor; you may need to learn it yourself.  It's not that hard.  Ever hear of a plumber who works totally for free, and makes his money selling you wildly overpriced pipe?  That's what regular ""financial advisors"" are.   They sell products that are deliberately made unnecessarily complex. The purpose is first, to conceal sales commissions and high internal fees; and second to confuse you, so the financial world feels so daunting that you feel like you need their help just to navigate it.   They're trying to fry your brain so you'l just give up and trust them.   Products like whole life and variable annuities are only the poster children for how awful all of their financial products are.  These products exist to fleece the consumer without quite breaking the law.  Of course, everyone goes to see them because they have well lit offices in every town, and they're free and easy to deal with. Don't feel like you need to know everything about finance to invest.  You don't need to understand every complex financial product that the brokerage houses bave dreamed up: they are designed to conceal and confuse, as I discuss above, and you don't want them.  The core of it is fairly simple, and that's all you really need to know.   Look at any smaller university and how they manage their endowments. If whole life, annuities and those complex financial ""products"" actually worked, university endowments would be full of them.   But they're not!  Endowments are generally made of investments you can understand.  Partly because university boards are made of investment bankers who invented those products, and know what a ripoff they are.   Some people refuse to learn anything.  They are done with college and refuse to learn anything more.   I hope that's not you.   Because you should learn the workings of everything you're investing in.    If you don't understand it, don't buy itl  And a fee-only financial advisor won't ask you to.  1000 well-heeled, well-advised university endowments seek the most successful products on the market... And end up choosing products you can understand.  That's good news for you."
"I remember when they were making a tidy profit, and I thought ""I wish every branch of the government ran like this.""  The real reason they are losing money? Email.   Sure, they can still exist as a break even, and they should. However, once upon a time they were taking a letter for 32 cents to anywhere the fuck you wanted in the US and making a profit. That's pretty cool."
It's amazing that there is this assumption that Government does not contribute to a nation's economy. In the US, so many radical right wingers want to remove government taxation and spending entirely because they honestly believe that it has zero effect on the economy. These were the sort of people who were getting excited during the debt limit debate in the US a few years back.  As for me, I would love to see American politicians decide on principle to cut government spending by 75% (no medicare, no NASA, etc). The resulting economic and social collapse would kill off that ideology for a few generations at least.
"Hi all, just doing some homework which is evaluating a soccer clubs accounts using ratios. We have to include a paragraph on suggesting ""non financial appraisal"" for the soccer club. Anyone any idea what this could mean? Thanks"
When's the last time you've been there?    https://www.bestbuy.com/site/dynex-6-4k-ultra-hd-hdmi-cable-black/7525078.p?skuId=7525078  Six bucks.  https://www.bestbuy.com/site/dynex-apple-mfi-certified-3-lightning-to-usb-charge-and-sync-cable-gray/4290013.p?skuId=4290013  Eight bucks.  What did they(we, I work for them) do to you?  Unless the store near you REALLY sucks, it sounds like you haven't been in a best buy store in years.
The vendor needs to do this using apportionment, according to the VAT rules for mixed supplies: If you make mixed supplies and the individual supplies are not liable to VAT   at the same rate then you need to work out the tax value of   each supply in order to calculate how much tax is due. If the tax   value is based on the total price you charge (see paragraph 7.3) you   do this by splitting that price between the supplies. This is called   an apportionment ... There is no special method of apportionment ... However, your calculations must be fair and you must be able to justify them. It is usually best to use one of the methods shown in section 32. The section 32 referred to really relates to apportioning use between business and non-business purposes, but it implies that splitting up the total price in proportion to the original prices would probably be fair. So in your example the vendor might split the £5 discount equally between the spoon and the carrycot as they had the same gross cost, and pay VAT as if each had cost £7.50 gross. The vendor could also do it in proportion to their net (pre-VAT) prices and thus apportion a bit more of the discount to the carrycot than the spoon, but as this would lead to them paying slightly more tax overall they probably wouldn't choose to. However, none of this is likely to be too relevant to a consumer, since in the UK prices must be presented as the gross (VAT-inclusive) amounts and so the discounts will also apply to those amounts. It will of course affect how much of the purchase price the vendor ends up paying on to the government and thus might indirectly affect what discounts the vendor is willing to offer.
The short answer is that it's never the right time to buy an emerging technology. As long as the technology is emerging, you should expect that newer revisions will be both better and less expensive. With solar, specifically, there are some tax credits to help the early adopters that may help you on the cost/benefit analysis, but in the end, you still have to decide whether the benefits outweigh the costs now, and if not, whether that will change in the near future. For me, part of the solar benefit is the ability to generate electricity when the power goes out. That option does require local battery storage, however. One of the benefits of using Musk's solar tiles instead of actual slate is the weight of the quartz tiles which is much lower than the weight of real slate. In many cases a slate roof is heavy enough to require major reinforcement of the roof trusses before installation. The lower weight also saves significantly on shipping costs. This is where Musk can lower costs enough to be competitive to some of the materials he hope to compete with.
I would like to specifically address your second question. There are a number of great resources available online, but I found that when I was first starting out the website Investopedia was a very helpful resource. There you will find a wide range of information regarding investing, investment vehicles, and glossaries of key terms with robust definitions to help you with the financial jargon.
Indeed! I actually travel to the US a lot, so that convo might actually happen ;) Which state do you live in?  I fear you are right when it comes to waging war. I believe the modern world is now in a post-war state. Physical war is no longer feasible among the great powers, and so the battleground is now dominated by a literal war of ideas.  I think the Russians are great manipulators - but there needs to be someone out there for them to manipulate. And while the Russians are the ones watering the garden, the seeds of extremism was sown by the elites. Those who were willing to condemn entire peoples to poverty and ignorance in the name of wealth.  In the end, I think the elite are fundamentally short sighted. The revolution will come for them too, no matter which side wins. I just hope we will manage to create a revolution that leaves everyone else better off in the future.  Thank you, and best of luck to you too! Know that you have brothers and sisters around the world who fight beside you.
So the easy to extract petroleum products are diminishing in supply and the petroleum extraction companies have to expend more capitol to get the commodities they sell on an open market and that's hurting their profit margin?  Who could have ever envisioned such a situation?
&gt;I was referring to earlier whose large legal department said we were legally safe to hire only christian salesmen and board members.   Safe until someone decides to challenge them with a lawsuit.  Which they may or may not win.  But Title VII is pretty thin legal protection for an insurance company given that they, as you noted, primarily sell insurance.  I would think much of the safety comes from economic incentives, or the lack there of for a non-christian salesman.  Assuming they are operating in their own interest, no salesman who earns off of commission would want a handicap right out of the gate when dealing with christian customers.
I think you're making a mistake. If you still want to make this mistake (I'll explain later why I think its a mistake), the resources for you are: IRS.GOV - The IRS official web site, that has all the up-to-date forms and instructions for them, guiding publications and the relevant rules. You might get a bit overwhelmed through. Software programs - TurboTax (Home & Business for a sole propriator or single member LLC, Business for more complicated business), or H&R Block Business (only one version that should cover all) are for your guidance. They provide tips and interactive guidance in filling in all the raw data, and produce all the forms filled for you according to the raw data you entered. I personally prefer TurboTax, I think its interface is nicer and the workflow is more intuitive, but that's my personal preference. I wrote about it in my blog last year. Both also include plug-ins for the state taxes (If I remember correctly, for both the first state is included in the price, if you need more than 1 state - there's extra $30-$40 per state). Your state tax authority web site (Minnesota Department of Revenue in your case). Both Intuit and H&R Block have on-line forums where people answer each others questions while using the software to prepare the taxes, you might find useful information there. As always, Google is your friend. Now, why I think this is a mistake. Mistakes that you make - will be your responsibility. If you use the software - they'll cover the calculation mistakes. But if you write income in a wrong specification or take a wrong deduction that you shouldn't have taken - it will be on your head and you're the one to pay the fines and penalties for that. Missed deductions and credits - CPA's (should) know about all the latest deductions and credits that you or your business might be entitled to. They also (should) know which one got canceled and you shouldn't be continuing taking them if you had before. Expenses - there are plenty of rules of what can be written off as an expense and how. Some things should be written off this year, others over several years, for some depreciation formula should be used, etc etc. Tax programs might help you with that, but again - mistakes are your responsibility. Especially for the first time and for the newly formed business, I think you should use a (good!) CPA. The CPA should take responsibility over your filing. The CPA should provide guarantee that based on the documents you provided, he filled all the necessary forms correctly, and will absorb all the fees and penalties if there's an audit and mistakes were found not because you withheld information from your CPA, but because the CPA made a mistake. That costs money, and that's why the CPA's are more expensive than using a program or preparing yourself. But, the risk is much higher, especially for a new business. And after all - its a business expense.
For what it's worth -- and I realize this isn't directly an answer to the question -- one of the advantages of sticking with mutual funds, beyond their being inherently diversified, is that it removes a lot of the temptation to try to time the market. When you need money, you sell shares in such a way that it maintains your preferred investment ratio, and simply don't worry about which stocks are  actually involved. (I've gotten 15% APR this year across all my investments, for absolutely minimal effort. That's quite good enough for me.)
You will be liable to pay the tax For the 2017 year of assessment (1 March 2016 - 28 February 2017) if you earned less than R75 000 you will not have to pay any tax The annual budget speach is this week and the new tax rates will be released but most likely that R75 000 will increase to R78 000+- so if you earn less than that tax would not even be applicable on you, Should you earn in a tax year more than R75 000 then would be able to do your own tax return and payments via E-Filling on SARS's website : http://www.sarsefiling.co.za/ But if you earn less than R350 000 then you don't have to submit a tax return, but there is nothing that stops you from submitting one if you feel that you want to. You can use https://www.taxtim.com/za/ to help you with other questions  you might have. You can potentially bring down your tax-able income by showing a loss in capital value of your equipment that you purchased that is now worth less than it was when you initially purchased it, but these are all things you should discuss with a tax practitioner, I am not entirely sure how you will show a loss in capital value as a sole-proprietor, that is what you will be since you are not a company.
Touch ID =no one cares.  That's MS strategy, come up with things no one cares about.   Luckily, many are due for an upgrade after many passing on iPhone 5, so the 6 is guaranteed to have higher sales.
Atlanta, and I hate it. I'm really not a city person - I like mountains and trees and streams. I'm not trying to hate on city people, I was just hating on this dude for hating things he hasn't experienced.  Like I said, I like the state of Nevada - the parks and stuff are awesome, I just hate Las Vegas like I hate NYC and LA and SF and every other big city.   But anyway, going back to the GP, he said he has never visited Las Vegas and he hates it. That's lame. You should experience something before you hate it.
People are trying ideas like this, actually.  Though they generally aren't very public about it.  While keshlam ventures into hyperbole when mentioning Watson, he is certainly correct human language parsing is a extremely hard problem. While it is not always true that the big players will know before the news (sometimes that would qualify as insider trading).  The volume spike that you mention generally comes as the news arrives to the major (and minor) players.  So, if you have an algorithm run after the volume spike the price will likely have adjusted significantly already. You can try to avoid this by constantly scanning for news on a set of stocks however this becomes an even harder problem.  Or maybe by becoming more specific and parsing known important and specific news sources (farm report for instance) and trying to do so faster than anyone else.  These are some methods people use to not be too late.
"Imho, give yourself a base measurement. Bolster your knowledge of analytics and bar marketing. (For all intensive purposes, I'm calling it a bar). While Facebook and Twitter are good tools, they cannot be your sole focus for marketing revenue. Mainly, because active user age is lower than the drinking age in a large portion of most US domestic markets. Figure out your target market, the market for your area and gain that following. Finally, don't be afraid to give. This does not have to be in monetary form. Look for active ways to promote utilizing public servants. When I first graduated school, I opened a coffee shop, we sponsored events with our local ""guns and hoses"" (cops v firefighters), and put a lot of emphasis on our teacher, nurses appreciation months."
"One might hope for slightly more rationality in the platinum market. Rarely does one hear talk of ""platinum bugs"", rants about how every society on Earth has valued platinum as the One True Valuable Thing (tm), or seen presidential candidates call for the return to the platinum standard."
I think Peachtree is a double entry system
Well sure but derivatives valuations that you see on this chart are complete bs. Normally the derivative (future or a swap) is actually worth zero. What this chart is tallying up is the notional which is an arbitrary number only used to calculate the P&amp;L on the derivative. Sorry but this is not really the value of the derivative, so hard to see how derivatives on this chart make any sense at all.
"Money is all relative, for sure. People will pay more if they can afford more, that I get too.   The small hiccup here is that you're talking about federal minimum wage, and the original idea was about Wal-Mart employees only. If Wal-Mart workers received 2 dollars more per hour, do you really think that would affect inflation?  Also, doesn't importing from countries that pay their workers less have an impact?  And, if the market is supposed to take care of minimum wages by itself by always offering a ""better"" choice for workers until it reaches the highest possible rate, wouldn't the same be for prices of goods, but in the opposite direction? And if these things were a functional reality instead of academic theories, wouldn't there be less of a wealth disparity in the US?"
"**The paper’s findings are preliminary and have not yet been subjected to peer review.**  &gt;""The paper’s findings are preliminary and have not yet been subjected to peer review. And the authors stressed that even if their results hold up, their research leaves important questions unanswered, particularly about how the minimum wage has affected individual workers and businesses. The paper does not, for example, address whether displaced workers might have found jobs in other cities or with companies such as Uber that are not included in their data."""
Clutch Bags is the best place where you can find out all kinds of bags is online. Here you can find any imaginable design, colors and sizes in Clutch purse at an affordable price. You also have the option to go to a store and personally look for one. This way you'll get to feel the bag and scrutinize it very well. At our website,  you can also check out the prices for each so you can compare another bag.
"IPO is ""Initial Public Offering"". Just so you know. The valuations are done based on the company business model, intellectual property, products, market shares, revenues and profits, assets, and future projections. You know, the usual stuff. Yes, it is. And very frequently done. In fact, I can't think of any company that is now publicly traded, that didn't start this way. The first investor, the one who founds the company, is the first one who invests in it after raising the capital (even if it is from his own bank account to pay the fees for filing the incorporation papers). What is the difference between ""normal"" investor and ""angel""? What do you refer to as ""angel""? How is it abnormal to you? Any investor can play a role, depending on the stake he/she has in the company. If the stake is large enough - the role will be significant. If the stake is the majority - the investor will in fact be able major decisions regarding the company. How he bought the stocks, whether through a closed offering, initial investment or on a stock exchange - doesn't matter at all. You may have heard of the term ""angels"" with regards to high-tech start up companies. These are private investors (not funds) that invest their own money in start ups at very early stages. They're called ""angels"" because they invest at stages at which it is very hard for entrepreneurs to raise money: there's no product, no real business, usually it is a stage of just an idea or a patent with maybe initial prototype and some preliminary business analysis. These people gamble, in a sense, and each investment is very small (relatively to their wealth) - tens of thousands of dollars, sometimes a hundred or two thousands, and they make a lot of these. Some may fail and they lose the money, but those that succeed - bring very high returns. Imagine investing 10K for 5% stake at Google 15 years ago. Those people are as investors as anyone else, and yes, depending on their stake in the company, they can influence its decisions."
Some loans have a variable interest rate which can protect the lender from inflation and the borrower from deflation. How much protection it offers depends on how closely the interest rate follows the inflation/deflation rate. Most variable rate loans have limits on how much and how frequently they can adjust. In your deflation scenario, the lender comes out ahead with a fixed rate loan already, since those future dollars are worth more than current dollars.  The borrower doesn't owe more dollars, but the value of the dollars they owe is higher.
good.  pple need to stop spending so much on material stuff.  help save the environment.  also, have less kids.  govt needs to impose some sort of birthing restriction or law enforced on people making less than a certain level of income.  This helps the environment.  And if the law is broken, then govt needs to sterilize the perpetrators.
"One question that I saw interns miss and it was always the first question, ""so tell us about yourself.""  Make sure you have a 2-3 min speech already figured out to answer that question. And whatever you do, don't finish the answer, ""is that good enough?""  Also, major question interns missed was, explain to us the position you're applying for. One day we had 6 interns interviewing and only one was able to answer the question. WTF!  And that same question even professionals in the field miss it....  All the other tips above are very good tips too, just thought of overlooked questions that I have seen many candidates miss."
Disco Henry giving honor winning Disk Jockey benefits in Northampton. We represent considerable authority in parties, socials, grant affairs, birthday festivities, commemoration gatherings, subject evenings and above all weddings. On the off chance that you need to Local Wedding DJ in Northampton, you can get in touch with us at our office. We have the Dj proficient who has had incredible encounters with Quality Entertainment. You will see photographs of genuine gatherings and occasions where we gave the stimulation.
This question is largely opinion based but I wanted to balance out the people jumping on you. There are lots of factors that go into salary/pay, such as what you contribute to the company and whather you go above or beyond whats expected of you. I would say seniority is one factor, or at least there is a case to be made that it is important. If someone has worked 5 years for me, that is five years that I have not had to search, interview, and train a replacement. I am not a business owner but I do employ people and when someone quits its an extremely stressful process. Not having to go through that, again in my opinion, is worth a small bump in pay. I cant comment on if its fair or not. That is opinion. What is fact is that whenever a broad group of people are given a pay raise for arbitrary reasons and other employees arent, its creates discontent, it hurts morale, employees leave, and in severe cases the business becomes crippled. So Im not sure if its fair, but is it a bad idea? Generally. See here and I highly recommend going here for anyone who thinks dramatically raising pay 'because its the right thing to do' is a good idea
"If you're a good candidate in terms of all the usual metrics then it will really come down to selling yourself to any potential advisers. Remember that in PhD admissions individual professors are really making the admissions decisions.   Also, as you said you're from an econ background.... Unsurprisingly, mathematical finance is going to be pretty ""mathy."" If you haven't had courses in real analysis, differential equations, Fourier analysis, and statistics you may want to brush up on those subjects. I say this because I am doing a PhD minor operations research (coming from a mechanical engineering background) and I have been overwhelmed at times by the level of technical rigor that they take in these courses relative to my ""normal"" engineering math courses. I would have been well served studying some real analysis before taking stochastic calculus, for instance."
The adjusted close price takes into account stock splits (and possibly dividends). You want to look at the adjusted close price. Calculating percentage changes gets computationally tricky because you need to account for splits and dividends.
The creditors will not be able to go after his father's estate (assuming the father had nothing to do with the business), but at some point, the estate will be divided up. At that point, any money or assets that your husband inherits will be fair game, as they are now your husband's money or assets. I want to be clear; it's nothing to do with your husband being executor (or co-executor) of the estate. This does not contradict zeta-band's earlier answer; Zeta-band is talking about the estate before it is divided up, I'm just pointing out that there may be issues after it is divided up.
California is a non-recourse state, so they won't be coming after you for the balance.  If the terms of you divorce were written out that your wife got the house, perhaps a lawyer can get your credit cleared, but that is a long shot.   Your chances depend very much on how long your wife made payments, if there is a provable history and the length of that history might help you out. http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Which_states_are_non-recourse_states_for_mortgage_debt
If the fact that currency is based on fiat, something that has been the case with currency somewhere on Earth since the Tang Dynasty of China discovered paper money a long, long time ago, leaves you up in arms, then I shudder to think what an explanation of how the price of money can be derived from plotting IS and LM together and extending it's meeting point into the money market to determine the price of currency would do to your notion of control by powerful offices in government.  My good sir, have you ever considered that YOU might be the smug moron?  That YOU might be the one who just found out what everyone in the room already learned years ago and lack the foundation the rest of us have to understand that information in context?  That it might be YOU who are uninformed?  I'll quote you right here:  &gt;people who have no clue what the fuck they are talking about go off and lecture other people, bringing up facts that have no thought behind them, and are merely definitions posing as an argument. Making a statement, then getting corrected, then coming back and simply lengthening the original answer is not an argument.  &gt;I'll say it again: our currency is fiat. It is backed by nothing  You don't seem to understand just what it is backed by.  It is backed by trust, steady demand, and the assurance of powerful national and international bodies.  As is the price of everything, including gold and literally every other commodity on the planet.  Your utter shock and outrage upon discovering this minute fact does not indicate a revolutionary zeitgeist or that you are some kind of free spirit, it indicates that you are uneducated on the context of basic and well understood facts that the rest of the educated world is already caught up on.
"I know your pain oh, so much.  I literally have a 14 gallon rubbermaid container FULL of solicitations I have received.  Even worse, for-profit fundraising companies send most of those mailings! They take the money, and deduct their ""expenses"", rigged to consume almosts all your gift.  Some companies have been caught passing as little as 9% to the charity.  First let's talk about a few issues.  Authentication.  Is that outfit really a tax deductible 501c3 charity?   Address.   Is this their genuine address, or is it the dropbox of a scammer or one of those evil for-profit fundraising companies?  Acknowledgement.   For gifts over a certain size, you need a thank-you letter from them to show the IRS that you really donated.  Will you get it?  The limit is $250 (no letter, deduction rejected) but as a practical thing, it helps in an audit to show as many donation letters as possible.  Charities cannot issue them retroactively, but can issue you second copies of ones they sent previously. If the charity drops the ball, you lose.  Obviously enough, you go to the post office and spend $1 on a money order.     This does not authenticate them as a charity. It does not assure it goes to their real address.  You can do both these things yourself, by checking their data on the IRS website or on guidestar.org. You don't get an acknowledgement.  I mention these because donation websites work much the same way. DAFs require a higher one-time commitment but are much simpler and more efficient after that. If you are planning to give $5000 in a single year, save it up and open a Donor Advised Fund account.  A DAF is itself a charity.   You donate to the DAF, and take the tax deduction for charitable contributons.  Then, you tell the DAF to donate it to other charities on your behalf, or anonymously.   Their concept is, you use the DAF as a ""buffer"" so you can easily make the tax-deductible donation when you need to for tax purposes, then at your leisure research charities and support them.  However, I asked my DAF - most people donate and then immediately re-donate the money, leaving the fund at zero balance.  My DAF doesn't mind that at all, and they charge zero fees for this.   (Its expenses are paid by those of us who leave money sitting around in the DAF.  Mine charges 0.6% a year.  This money can be invested sort of like in a 401K, and each investment also has an expense ratio, such as 0.18% a year in my chosen index fund.)  Websites like ""justgive.org"" will take any amount of your money and re-donate it to the charity you select.   They deduct 3-5% for their expenses (notably paper, stamps, and the 2-3% it costs them to process your credit card)."
"This is an interesting question that may actually be better suited to Quant.SE. First of all, stock prices are random variables, or, to be more precise, stochastic processes (a time-ordered string of random variables).  The alternative to being stochastic is being deterministic, and I doubt you believe that stock prices are deterministic (meaning, they are fully knowable in advance).  The fact that real world events drive the randomness has no bearing on whether or not it is random.  So, to start, I think you have confused the technical definition of random with a colloquial concept. Now, the heart of the question is whether stock prices are memoryless.  Ultimately, this is an empirical question that has been addressed in many academic studies.  The conclusion of most of this research is that stock prices are ""almost"" memoryless, in the sense that the distribution of future stock prices displays very little dependence upon past realizations, although a few persistent anomalies remain.  One of the most robust deviations from memorylessness is the increase in the volatility of a stock following large declines.  Another is persistence in volatility.  In general, in fact, the volatility is far more predictable than the mean of stock price changes.  Hence ""memorylessness"" is a far stronger assumption than the efficient markets hypothesis. The bottom line, however, is that the deviations from memorylessness are relatively small.  As such, despite its limitations, it is a decent working assumption in some contexts."
But top 10 gives you that warm fuzzy feeling of over-abundant dependence and traps you in the repetitive beat and notion that life's ok and all one must do to overcome it is but simply be open to knuckle cracking and a feeling of internal insipid hatred for fellow man.
A bunch of places in no particular order and not any real regularity, often what I get links to on twitter etc. The Economist, Telegraph, Guardian, the odd bit from the NYT and FT or the New Statesman/Spectator. I usually browse the BBC website and I follow a bunch of colmunists/bloggers.   I really recommend Tim Harford the FT's Undercover Economist (all of his columns are also published on his personal site so you can get around the paywall easily).  However my best understanding of the euro crisis actually comes from radio/podcasts.  Particularly the BBC Radio 4/World Service More or Less: Behind the Stats (which is hosted by Tim Harford and about economics and stats and numbers in the news) and NPR's Planet Money who are both covering the situation excellently. Also Today (and sometimes PM) on Radio 4 usually by the short best of podcasts and other podcasts now and then.  I particularly like More or Less because 1.it has a very irreverent tone and 2. as well as just being regularly interesting and brilliant it regularly holds politicians factual claims or commonly quoted to scrutiny explaining what they are saying means, if it is correct and they can say it or if it is wrong or misleading etc etc.
What can I do to make sure it won't happen? Who is the right person to report this to? (apparently, the police can't make sure that it won't be used for identity theft) You want to contact any one of the credit bureaus and put a fraud alert on your account.   Once you contact one, they automatically contact the other bureaus for you. As part of this, they should send you a credit report.  Review it carefully and note any items that are not yours.  You'll then need to dispute any items that are a result of this identity theft.   You may be required to file a police report regarding the stolen identity, but if you filed one for your stolen wallet, that may be sufficient.   If the person who stole your wallet wants to steal your identity, it may be months before it shows up on your credit report.   Make it a practice to regularly check your credit reports. How do I check at any given time whether my identity was stolen? Unfortunately, there is no easy way to check if your identity was stolen.  The most common way is to check your credit report, but that only checks things that are reported to the credit reporting bureaus.   If they use your information to start an account with a utility company at a rental house that typically won't go on your credit report until they are substantially delinquent.  If they use your information to check into a hospital, that information typically won't show up on your credit report until the hospital sends the bill to collections. I've had a case where the identity theft happened at Chase, but was never reported on my credit.   So my credit report was clear, but Chase disallowed me from banking with them because the identity thief had delinquent accounts with Chase that for whatever reason were not reported to the bureaus. How likely is it that it will be used in any form of identity theft? My gut feeling is that someone who snatches a wallet and immediately runs up the credit cards isn't looking to steal identities, but rather for a quick score.   I don't know if there are statistics that back up my hunch.
I think you really have to ask yourself if its worth it, the risk/reward.  Can you trust a publicly traded company with your data in return for the analytics you can get back from them?
"I wouldn't say it is impractical at all man. I worked for a PhD in sciences (bio i think) who later went on to start a biotech buy side firm, and know another guy who is an associate. I've met people across different areas of finance (capital markets that is) who have had PhD's and the general view of these guys has always been ""fuck that guy is smart, knows everything about xyz field"". If you really want to you can definitely get in with your combo of PhD + target school. However, realistically speaking, if you do know the field so well, you should learn more than just ""above average"" investment knowledge, and fucking kill it in the market...if you can understand what drives the fundamentals of chemical companies, or biotech, or big pharma then you can make some great money in trading..."
Hardwood floors, Carpets, Vinyl flooring, rubber floors and concrete floors, these are few of the main commercial flooring options out there. When looking to install a commercial floor you can choose the right one amongst these which fits your needs.
Technically it's an asset - a note you hold and your friend promised to repay you.
The IRS has a website called Where is my refund? Get up-to-date refund information using Where's My Refund? or the   IRS2Go mobile app. Where's My Refund? is updated once every 24 hours,   usually overnight. Refunds are generally issued within 21 days after   we receive your tax return. You should only call if it has been   longer. I don't know what information you see on this site if you owe them money. Are you expecting a check from them, or did you send them money electronically? If you sent them money you should check your bank or card statement.
Electronic trading is many orders of magnitude cheaper and more liquid than floor trading and is rapidly displacing it. Stil, electronic trading accounts for 79% of stock trading volume in the U.S. Polcari is losing the battle. Floor trading is still offered, but it's only used for bulk orders, so electronic trading is servicing small trades at minimum prices while floor trading is now the concierge service.
The guy with the good paying job stimulates the economy better than 2 people barely scraping by. The growing economy then results in the second person getting a job too. If every employer subscribed to this world view then less people would be on welfare.
You're getting the great recession and great depression confused. I'm talking about 2008, not nearly 100 years ago. I would like to know what country you live in because it's probably not Greece, Italy, or Spain. You would be singing a very different tune.
My dad owned a steel Drum / barrel recycling company where we would get barrel from food companies and recondition them. Sometimes we would get drums from one company for free and they would call us to buy drums, many times we would sell them the same drums that we got from them for FREE. That's the beauty of recycling.   After some time we started doing plastic drums and we had to find a way to salvage the plastic drums that we were not able to refurbish. So we started contacting plastic companies and started talking to a company in Middle Tennessee.    He was a huge plastic processor that was shipping hundreds of thousands tons of plastic regrind every week. He was from India and had a huge plant about 70 miles from Memphis were I was living. He would process the plastic rods or shanks here in the U.S. and ship them too be made into products in India. I was in the process of securing a processing machine from him, one from a company in Northern California, and one from a company in Florida. All three where going to place a processing machine in my dads plant in Memphis and create a coast to coast pipeline with Memphis as the center point. They where going to let us pay for the machinery by paying us to process a percentage of their plastic since much of it was coming through Memphis. That way all they had to do was ship the material once it arrived from our plant. Since Memphis is the gateway to the west and a main truck route it was perfect.   This type of arrangement is easy to make if you can convince the major players that you can deliver their product as promised. I also made arrangements with the processor close to me to relocate 2 of his employees to Memphis to manage the equipment until we got failure with the equipment and act as liaison for him. He was agreeing to everything I asked because it would have relieve production pressure off his employees and help him with his bottom line.   Make sure you investigate the type of machines you need to process the many types of plastics your processor needs or wants. There are different types of plastics and different ways of processing it.   #1 – PET (Polyethylene Terephthalate) ... #2 – HDPE (High-Density Polyethylene) ... #3 – PVC (Polyvinyl Chloride) ... #4 – LDPE (Low-Density Polyethylene) ... #5 – PP (Polypropylene) ... #6 – PS (Polystyrene)  I also know that California has a lot of air quality laws. What I would do is get to know your local EPA reps and run your plans by them, they will be able to tell you all you can and can't do. Also you processor is going to want to see your Feasibility Study and business plan before he does this type of arrangement. Once you let me know if this is something that you are still interested in doing I will send you my old business plan.     Here is a video to really get an idea of what's involved https://youtu.be/vAr4BZM_Tzk
Good answer.  I set up an S-Corp on my own, but I intend to transfer our intellectual property to an LLC at a later date.  I would say hiring an attorney to draft an operating agreement is a must and worth the expense.
and not doctors and pharmaceuticals? Hospitals, pharmaceuticals, Med Schools and medical equipement manufacturers all see higher profit margins than insurers. There is a reason people always quote the profit of insurers in terms of real value and not profit margin, its to disguise who is doing the fleecing.
"Ahahahaha....you've contributed literally nothing in any of your comments, except of course for the comment about being too much of a coward to short the stock, and yet think that you're somehow making great points while pulling numbers out of your ass and making things up whole cloth.  And you think your ""pretend to be macho"" comment is a ""debate.""  How funny.  And it has worked out *extremely* well, thanks.  And comments from extremely stupid individuals like yourself just show me that there's still more upside possible, since there are apparently some people dumb enough still not to get it, so double thanks for that.  It's interesting though that you consider me an Elon fanboy, though, when you're the one thinking about sexual acts with him.  I'm interested in the company, which is thousands of people, not one person"
I don't see countries switching to the USD, I see countries moving away from it. The US has the largest peace time debt ever, is not being even close to fiscally responsible (approving ~4 trillion budget!) and is faced with 100 trillion in future commitments (social security, medicare) with a workforce (tax base) that is decreasing as the baby boomers retire. When the US cannot meet those obligations (and most experts agree there is no hope of that anymore) they will have to print money and devalue the currency.
yes. And the rentals facilitating terrorism is such a ludicrous claim at least compared to what hotels themselves do, namely rent rooms to anyone showing up with a credit card or in the lower tiers even cash. That is even easier than ABnB where at least you have to spend a few minutes to create an account.   The real terrorism risk around hospitality is hospitality being targeted or used for laundering money which is also a lot easier in a large hotel than doing it one ABnB rental unit at a time.
"The worst part is, it's not even all that much cheaper than a basic O365 subscription!  This is either the boss' stupid idea (""what, you use Excel for something other than tracking your fantasy football league?""), or *someone*'s getting fired a month from now when the OP's office goes back to Office."
"First, consider what causes taxes to apply to a mutual fund, index or actively managed.  Dividends and capital gains are generally what will be distributed to shareholders given the nature of a mutual fund since the fund itself doesn't pay taxes.  For funds held in IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts, this isn't a concern and thus people may not have this concern for those situations which can account for a lot of investing situations as people may have 401(k)s and IRAs that hold their investments rather than taxable accounts. Second, there can be tax-managed funds so there can be cases where a fund is managed with taxes in mind that is worth noting here as what is referenced is a ""Dummies"" link that is making a generalization.  For taxable accounts, it may make more sense to have a tax-managed fund rather than an index fund though I'd also argue to be careful of asset allocation as to maintain a purity of style can require selling of stocks that grow too big and thus trigger capital gains,e.g. small-cap and mid-cap funds that can't hold onto the winners as they would become mid-cap and large-cap instead of representing the proper asset class. A FUND THAT PLAYED IT SAFE--AND WAS SORRY would be a Businessweek story from 1998 of an actively managed fund that went mostly to cash and missed the rise of the stock market at that time if you want a specific example of what an actively managed fund can do that an index fund often cannot do.  The index fund is to track the index and stay nearly all invested all the time."
&gt; I was under the impression that ads do better when people don’t know they’re an ad.  This is very true. If I were getting to make the rules, selfishly as a marketer, I wouldn't require this. Trick is, this isn't Instagram making the rules. It's the FTC. The FTC requires these disclosures or we could face major fines. They've done it before and have been stepping up their enforcement. So if I have rules, I'd rather a company like Instagram make it easier to comply with those rules. Right now it's iffy. The influncer has to use certain language in certain places or the FTC isn't satisfied. But I still want the post to sound 'organic'.  With this method, I don't have to mess with including certain phrases in the copy or certain hashtags. I can just roll with a normal looking post and check a box that labels it as sponsored. Easy, simple, and I'm covered.  On top of that - the best part I really, genuinely love (and the 'carrot' that will get even sketchy marketers to use this, is that I get to see live data on the post's performance. Right now only the user of the account can see the post's performance. So I have to trust that the user is right that the post got 39000 impressions. I can see likes and comments, but that's it. With full access to reporting on the post, I can also see reach, impressions (which gives me engagement rate), and saves - all of which are huge factors in determining the success of these sorts of posts.
This is more clearly defined in the EITC; for purposes of the Earned Income Tax Credit; then no, it is not Earned Income.  See publication 596, page 18 specifically: Scholarship or fellowship grants not reported on a Form W­2. A scholarship or fellowship grant that wasn't reported to you on a Form W-2 isn't considered earned income for the earned income credit. Further, form 8615 describes unearned income and explicitly includes scholarships, again not on W2s: For Form 8615, “unearned income” includes all taxable   income other than earned income as defined later.   Unearned income includes taxable interest, ordinary   dividends, capital gains (including capital gain   distributions), rents, royalties, etc. It also includes taxable   social security benefits, pension and annuity income,   taxable scholarship and fellowship grants not reported on   Form W-2, unemployment compensation, alimony, and   income (other than earned income) received as the   beneficiary of a trust. So unless it was reported on a W-2 (i.e., it's for some sort of employment), it's not considered earned income.  (h/t Liam for that link) The definition on the instructions of form 6251 is not particularly different, though it's more general: Earned income includes wages, tips, and other amounts received for personal services performed.  Scholarships don't seem to fit any more into that, so I would say they do not.
Under Sarbanes–Oxley, no. There are specific responsibilities vested in the board members. Without a CEO and a CFO, the quarterly financial reports cannot be signed off. Many countries have similar responsibilities for board members, and by the same reasoning therefore a need for board members.
First, I would point you to this question:  Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing With the $50k that you have inherited, you have enough money to pay off all your debt ($40k), purchase a functional used car ($5k), and get a great start on an emergency fund with the rest.  There are many who would tell you to wait as long as possible to pay off your student loans and invest the money instead. However, I would pay off the loans right away if I were you. Even if it is low interest right now, it is still a debt that needs to be paid back. Pay it off, and you won't have this debt hanging over your head anymore.  Your grandmother has given you an incredible gift. This money can make you completely debt free and put you on a path for success. However, if you aren't careful, you could end up back in debt quickly. Learn how to make a budget, and commit to never spending money that you don't have again.
"They deserve jail just for their stupidity. How dense or oblivious do you have to be to hold a position that high up and still not be aware of the potential consequences.  I worked finance for a public company as a lowly employee but I don't dare touch the stock or its options no matter what I know. And these are so called ""executives"". Jail them and burn these mofos assets."
As my business partner likes to say, *don't bark at a barking dog*, it's just not worth it.  The unfortunate thing about finance is people who *know what something is* thinks that's the same as *knowing something*. It's become pretty absurd at this point with everyone I've interacted with in the industry over the years. And everyone all too defensive of whatever it is they think they know.  Tesla does not earn an accounting profit. Absent any adjustments, they are negative cash flow as well. But it's one of those rare cases where adjustments absolutely have to be made - as they are material. The business relies heavily on outside capital but a lot of it is the result of growth/capex decisions, as opposed to ones made for survival. We don't have the same set of books that capital providers get from Tesla - the ones that show you what you're looking for in this argument - but I can assure they do clear a net positive cash at this time in their history, before their aggressive expansion plans are put into effect.  We have a cool facebook community that I help run. 2,000 people or so. Used to get into the weeds on stuff like this, but lately they've all been infected by crypto. I sort of just sit on the sidelines now. That is your true job security - your competition getting attracted to shiny things.
Hard to give an answer without knowing more details (interest rates, remaining principle on loans, especially how soon the new roof is needed).  Maintaining the value in your home (unless you are planning to walk away from it or short-sell or something) is of paramount importance, and the cost of a leak should it happen can be substantial. If the roof is a few years out, and you have loans with interest rates about oh I'd say around 6%or more then I would pay off those loans and take the money you were paying there and start putting it into a fund to pay for the roof. I am also a huge fan of doing whatever you can to max out your 401K contributions.  Money put into a 401K early has a LOT more value than money put in later, and since you don't pay taxes on it, the cost out of your pocket is much lower (eg. at a 20% tax rate it costs you only $80 out of pocket to put $100 into your 401.. (look at that, you just made like 25% return on that $80) Paying off loans is pretty much equivalent to making a risk free return on the money equal to the interest rate on the loan.  But to REALLY make that work, what you need to do is in a virtual sense, keep making the loan payment just now pay it to yourself, putting that money into a savings account, or towards your 401K or whatever.  If you just torn around and start spending that money, then you are not really getting as much value to paying off the loan early.
If you are looking for budget tour in Myanmar then go by bus &amp; train including lots of facility and visit awesome places which you can never forget moreover, enjoy the beauty of nature with your dear ones.
Some yes, but really I am sure they lean on their manufacturing partners to find out some of the issues. As you know Apple may grab tech that is on the leading edge but then let it age for a bit so all the new whiz bang stuff is in the Android phones or PC computers.
You should talk to your bank and explain what happened.  Your bank may contact vendor bank to discuss the account, but really that is up to them.   Then you should contact your police department and report the fraud. Realistically, your chances of recovering any money is negligible.  I think your best chance is convincing your bank to work with vendor bank on a reversal(if it was a domestic transfer), although it is more likely that the vendor bank account is already empty and closed.
It is not what I think that matters it is what a statistically significant number of people at any one time think.  Credit scores will be obsolete the moment enough people stop paying attention to them regardless of what I may think.  I don't spend any real time with outrage as it inhibits problem solving.  Laws (and regulations) often follow the collective will more than they advance or shape it.  Governments often only react when they have no other choice politically.  But most government regulations wind up being like Tipper Gore telling Frank Zappa to tone it down and he telling her to go fuck off.
"Yes.  This article describes opting-out: http://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/banking/overdraft-fees-what-banks-charge/ It is true, I think, that most banks will offer this as a ""courtesy"" by default, but I believe that they must offer an option to opt-out. I checked my bank's webpage, and they explicitly describe how to opt-out by calling a number or visiting a bank branch, but it required digging carefully to find that information. That being said, are you sure that you'd really want to opt-out?  The bank can still charge a fee for non-sufficient funds (NSF) and whoever was expecting the payment may also charge you late fees and service fees.  It's much better just to make sure that you don't overdraw through careful planning."
"I really like the author/speaker making the ""diamond"" analogy -- that there is no shortage of diamonds, you just have to be willing to pay the asking price.  Seems like in addition that that (the desire for a ""bargain""), AND again as the author speaker highlighted, the fact that managers want everyone ""fully trained/experienced"" -- combines with the idiotic use/abuse of badly designed pseudo-expert applicant screening software (apparently implemented on the same ""idiot manager/HR"" model that I saw in practice a decade or more ago already) that makes them (stupidly) claim that there is no one to hire.  *Which really just all comes down to BAD hiring &amp; BAD management practices.*"
Both Spain and Italy's economies are trash tier at this point.  Are you actually trying to include the UK in the EU at this point?  And then you reference countries as being high quality that have smaller populations than most US states.  Stop using irrelevant arguments.
"Have your story down pat, when they ask ""So tell me about yourself"" or ""So tell me about this past position"" you should be able to speak confidently about it while not coming off as pre rehearsed  When they ask ""So why this position"" have the usual corny answers ready, ie ""I've always had an interest in X and believe this would be an amazing opportunity to learn blah blah blah"". Mention how the job duties/description is also what you were looking for as you'll have exposure to different functions, even if the job is boring as fuck  Smile/smirk if they try a funny joke, don't be afraid to BS with them  I have some interview guides if you want to pm me an email address"
Originally, stocks were ownership in a company just like any other business- you expected to make a profit from your investment, which is what we call dividends to stock holders. Since these dividends had real value, the stock price was based on what this return rate was, factoring in what it might be expected to be in the future, etc.  Nowdays many companies never issue any dividends, so you have to consider the full value of the company and what benefit could be gained by another company if it were to acquire it. the market will likely adjust the share price to factor in what the value of the company might be to an acquirer.  But otherwise, some companies today trading at an astronimical price, and which nevers pays a dividend- chalk it up to market stupidity. In this investor'd mind, there is no logical reason for these prices, except based on the idea that someone else might pay you more for it later... for what reason? I can't figure it out. Take it back to it's roots and imagine pitching a new business idea to you uncle to invest in- it will make almost nothing compared to it's share price, and even what it does make it won't pay anything to him for his investment. Why wouldn't he just laugh at you?
Long term, student loan debt is a huge damper on the economy overall. When a generation is paying the equivalent of 50-100% of rent or a mortgage on debt, you can't get around it. At best, it will delay things like homeownership (which is what we're seeing), but at worst, it will be crippling for an entire generation of Americans (which we might also be seeing, but it still has to play out).  I think the biggest problem with debt is how it changes your risk tolerance. Meaning, we Millennials are well-trained and well-positioned to be employees. Not inventors or entrepreneurs. As cheesy as it's sounds because of pandering politicians, small businesses are— or were— huge drivers of innovation, jobs and growth. Not the growth that only impacts the 1%, but the growth that boosts wages and creates good jobs for everyone. On one hand, it's an inefficiency, but a good inefficiency. Meaning, if you have 100 small business, they all need sales guys, accountants, payroll, stock guys, cashiers. They all use dozens and dozens of suppliers, and are more likely to use local, domestic labor. Consolidated industries and reliance more on larger businesses means those 100x accountants and sales guys are replaced by a fraction. Fewer jobs, fewer opportunities, smaller salary growth, less domestic labor used. This, to me, is the real danger in not only student loan debt, but even uncertain retirement conditions. Our money is paying debt and dumping into 401ks, not starting businesses and generating meaningful economic activity.
Prime Suspect was the female one I was thinking of.   And don't forget the comedies. In the US we had Barney Miller and Night Court.   One of the best shows around was Carol Burnett. [Tim Conway and Harvey Korman](http://youtu.be/_KVs7pYcQ9Y) watch some of them archived in youtube.
"Wasn't me! Up votes for a good reply. I was just taking issue with the fact that what the scientist said wasn't really _wrong_, and it was a bit of an odd reason to stop reading the article. I don't think it has anything to do with not ""shooting for the impossible"", it was more of an engineering statement of current fact."
Don't go for the 'fast buck'. There's no such thing. There are two types of people that make money on the stock market: Investors and Speculators. Investors are people that pick a stock that's relatively low, relatively secure, and buy the stock for the long run, 5, 10 years or more. Warren Buffet said his ideal period for investing is forever. Basically, a well run company should always be a good investment. Speculators go for the fluctuations in stock prices. Day traders, Options, etc. It's risky business and you'll be able to lose a lot of money in a short term. There's always a risk when you invest your money, so go with MrChrister's advise to start with a simulator. Have fun.
"I agree. These think tanks are coming out with some cooked stories but no one is checking even the motivations of some. Some university departments seem also to be putting out study results with social and economic implications that are cooked. The results can't be reproduced in the studies by the social ""sciences"" and they never tell us that. I don't know if it's bias or the media just likes to go with a prepackaged (ie prepaid) story."
Like I said, I absolutely believe and admit that there are people using ICOs as a vehicle for schemes.   That said, there are also individuals like [Brendan Eich](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brendan_Eich) who are accomplished and trusted individuals participating in the market as well. Brendan is the creator of JavaScript and a cofounder of Mozilla. He also created the [Brave Web Broswe](https://brave.com/) and through that launched an ICO for his cryptocurrency, [Basic Attention Toke (BAT)](https://vimeo.com/209336437) whose ICO gathered [$35MM in under 30 seconds](https://www.coindesk.com/35-million-30-seconds-token-sale-internet-browser-brave-sells/). I want you to read that again: $35MM in 30 seconds given to a proven and renowned technologist who has been an important figure in shaping the web as we know it for him to cut out the middle men, banks, VCs, and everyone else and have the capital needed to focus on building and launching a new project.    Is everyone Brendan Eich? Absolutely not, but it is important that a market like this exists so that the Brendan Eich's of the world can venture down these paths to accomplish great things, even if that means suffering through scams.  Finally, on the subject of ICOs themselves: are ICOs a bubble? Maybe, but if and when it pops, it will simply clear the way for the value added projects. It is important to note that the majority of ICOs that take place are outside of the US and bar US citizens from participating. Additionally, the majority of project teams within the US that seek to issue an ICO through the proper legal channels are seeking legal counsel to help structure the deals, usually costing anywhere between $100-300K.   To answer your question regarding subs, I would suggest following:  • /r/CryptoCurrency   • /r/ethereum   • /r/btc   • /r/Bitcoin   These are good basic starting points that can help you learn abd branch out from there. Another great resource for news is [Coindesk](https://www.coindesk.com/).  Hope this helps and I am happy to discuss further if needed.
The typical deal would be a premium to the normal rent, say $1200 instead of $1000, in return he has the option to buy the house at a fixed price by the end of the agreement term.
There are many different reasons to buy property and it's important to make a distinction between commercial and residential property. Historically owning property has been part of the American dream, for multiple reasons.  But to answer your questions, value is not based on the age of the building (however it can be in a historic district). In addition the price of something and it's value may or may not be directly related for each individual buyer/owner (because that becomes subjective). Some buildings can lose there value as time passes, but the depends on multiple factors (area, condition of the building, overall economy, etc.) so it's not that easy to give a specific answer to a general question.  Before you buy property amongst many things it's important to determine why you want to buy this property (what will be it's principal use for you). That will help you determine if you should buy an old or new property, but that pales in comparison to if the property will maintain and gain in value. Also if your looking for an investment look into REIT (Real Estate Investment Trust). These can be great. Why? Because you don't actually have to carry the mortgage. Which makes that ideal for people who want to own property but not have to deal with the everyday ins-and-outs of the responsibility of ownership....like rising cost. It's important to note that the cost of purchase and cost of ownership are two different things but invariably linked when buying anything in the material strata of our world. You can find publicly traded REITs on the major stock exchanges. Hope that helps.
"I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [The War To Sell You A Mattress Is An Internet Nightmare - the truth about ""the internet's favorite mattress"" (x-post Truereddit)](https://np.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/784e5l/the_war_to_sell_you_a_mattress_is_an_internet/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)"
Every major financial firm and government in the world is looking at blockchain technology right now. It's definitely revolutionary. I think it's the most significant technological innovation of the past decade. Whether or not Bitcoin will succeed is still to be determined, but it's the leading contender.
Not charging taxes on a money losing investment or business is much more than humanitarian it is common sense. In general money that is used to invest has already been taxed as income or inheritance to the person making the investment so taxing that money again not just the profit would provide a disincentive for people to invest. Which would be bad for economic growth over the medium and long term. As far as taxing a money losing businesses goes, most businesses don't make money in their couple of years and adding further tax burdens would be counter productive because it would provide a major hurdle for people wanting to start a business. Other have already mentioned that the money losing operation likely paid indirect taxes as well. Small businesses provide a majority of the economic growth and innovation. So in short additional taxes on money losing investments and businesses would be both foolish and shortsighted.
You seem to think that Ray is suggesting it's the Fed's job to make Trump voters happy.  I didn't get that impression from the article.   He seemed to be pointing out that the Fed may accidentally make things worse by looking at averages instead of drilling down into the quintiles.
"There's plenty of advice out there about how to set up a budget or track your expenses or ""pay yourself first"". This is all great advice but sometimes the hardest part is just getting in the right frugal mindset. Here's a couple tricks on how I did it.  Put yourself through a ""budget fire drill"" If you've never set a budget for yourself, you don't necessarily need to do that here... just live as though you had lost your job and savings through some imaginary catastrophe and live on the bare minimum for at least a month. Treat every dollar as though you only had a few left. Clip coupons, stop dining out, eat rice and beans, bike or car pool to work... whatever means possible to cut costs. If you're really into it, you can cancel your cable/Netflix/wine of the month bills and see how much you really miss them. This exercise will get you used to resisting impulse buys and train you to live through an actual financial disaster. There's also a bit of a game element here in that you can shoot for a ""high score""... the difference between the monthly expenditures for your fire drill and the previous month.   Understand the power of compound interest. Sit down with Excel and run some numbers for how your net worth will change long term if you saved more and paid down debt sooner. It will give you some realistic sense of the power of compound interest in terms that relate to your specific situation. Start simple... pick your top 10 recent non-essential purchases and calculate how much that would be worth if you had invested that money in the stock market earning 8% over the next thirty years. Then visualize your present self sneaking up to your future self and stealing that much money right out of your own wallet.  When I did that, it really resonated with me and made me think about how every dollar I spent on something non-essential was a kick to the crotch of poor old future me."
Hmfroid est l'une des meilleures entreprises de vente d'équipements de restauration en Belgique. Hmfroid vend du matériel de restauration en ligne, un réfrigérateur et presque tous les types d'équipements qui peuvent être utilisés dans le restaurant, la cuisine et l'hôtel, et la qualité de l'équipement serait de niveau mondial.
The high blood alcohol content can often lead to a mistaken arrest for DUI. A medical test for GERD is one of the possible steps that an experienced Tacoma DUI lawyer like Kim E. Hunter would take to ensure that their client is not suffering from this condition.
Those who are looking for Taxi Booking App like Uber, must visit 'Depextechnologies.com'. Uber clone is an online taxi booking Software. Depextechnologies offers Cabying that is highly scalable, robust and integral website &amp; mobile applications. Explore their website to know more.
On top of that, don't impose a hierachical accountability system. Create a culture that pushes employees to commit to personal accountability for their actions and behaviors instead of exhausting yourself holding employees to the fire. Provide an environment that prompts employees to walk the coals themselves. Culture is everything to an organization, no matter its scale and size.
Now I have been trying to figure out how to split the money that we both earn. From what I can see there are several concepts but none of them really seems ideal to me. There is nothing fair or unfair in such arrangements. It is what you both agree. You can try and make this as scientific as possible. But then there is no golden rule.  For example, your girlfriend makes 2200 now and due to child, she is making 1100. The child is both of your responsibility; so you need to compensate half of her salary loss. 550 and she takes the other half. If you hire a nanny to look after you kinds, it would say cost you 500. But your girlfriend is doing that job, so she should get additional 500 from common pot. Plus due to loss of few years in looking after the children, she has a lost opportunity in career growth. i.e. she may indefinitely make less money than she can... So one gets into all kinds of theories and analysis and any arrangements will have some or the other gaps.  So my suggestion, don't get too scientific about it. Just talk it out as to what you both feel how this should be and arrive it. It is something every individual has to agree. It also make sense to have the large assets [or assets that matter], like house, car etc in clear title and who gets what in case you decide to separate. Other should be incidental.
"The treatment of employees has found a new low with the use of technology. I was especially appalled by Jamba Juice who schedules down to 15 minute increments with part time employees. Their rational is that it saves the company money and their employees do not have the""same energy and enthusiam"" during the second half of a shift.  I own my company and have had the same employees for over 24 years. Through good times and bad, they have always given me superior work with 150% effort. Clients ask me how I retain these great people. Here is the secret-it is in the form of a story.  Two sled dog teams are in a race in the wilderness of Alaska-food is low and conditions are bad. Every night one of the mushers made sure his dogs were feed and bedded down first before he took care of himself with what little was left. He loved his dogs and cared about his dogs well being. Every morning the dogs got up and pulled the sled through the deep snow. They brought their master to the end of the race and saved his life.   Every night the other musher feed himself first and made sure he was warm, after that he took care of his dogs with what little was left. Some of his dogs eventually ran away and some of his dogs died. There were not enough dogs left to pull the sled and the musher froze to death in the Alaska wilderness. Some of the last dogs ate him to survive.  I doubt Ms.Rosser and Ms.Luey from Jamba Juice will grasp the moral of this story. I am sure their turn over of employees is very high and the true cost of retraining new employees is not factored in to their fantastic business plan. I find my clients are well pleased in part because they are assured they will have the services of my same employees who they know and trust to do a great job. My employees have increased my business and its bottom line.  Advice to Ms. Rosser and Ms. Luey: 1) You best be perky and enthusiastic in the afternoon or a computer program may tell your boss to demote you and cut your pay. 2) You better hope Kronos Company is not hired by Jamba Juice to create a program which does your jobs better and your services are no longer needed. 3) Watch your back and if you feel someone chewing on your leg, you now know the reason why."
Actually, Pandit leaves Citi in a stronger position than before - http://blogs.wsj.com/marketbeat/2012/10/16/citi-shares-under-pressure-as-ceo-pandit-steps-down/  It was one of the deepest wounded companies and Pandit has managed to improve its balance sheet in a pretty thankless job.  Expect Corbat to take the hatchet to the balance sheet and do large amount of layoffs.
If you are worried about an increase in volatility, then go long volatility. Volatility itself can be traded. Here in the US there is an index VIX that is described as tracking volatility. What VIX actually tracks is the premium of S&P 500 options, which become more expensive when traders want to hedge against volatility. In the US you can trade VIX options or invest in VIX tracking ETFs like VXX. Apparently there are similar ETFs listed in Canada, such as HUV. Volatility itself is quite volatile so it is possible that a small volatility long position would cover the losses of a larger long position in stocks. If you do choose to invest in a volatility ETF, be aware that they experience quite a lot of decay. You will not want to hold it for very long.
"There is a very simple calculation that will answer the question: Is the expected ROI of the 401K including the match greater than the interest rate of your credit card? Some assumptions that don't affect the calculation, but do help illustrate the points. You have 30 years until you can pull out the 401K. Your credit card interest rate is 20% compounded annually.  The minimum payoffs are being disregarded, because that would legally just force a certain percentage to credit card. You only have $1000.  You can either pay off your credit card or invest, but not both.  For most people, this isn't the case.  Ideally, you would simply forego $1000 worth of spending, AND DO BOTH  Worked Example: Pay $1000 in Credit Card Debt, at 20% interest.   After 1 year, if you pay off that debt, you no longer owe $1200.  ROI = 20% (Duh!) After 30 years, you no longer owe (and this is pretty amazing) $237,376.31.  ROI = 23,638% In all cases, the ROI is GUARANTEED. Invest $1000 in matching 401k, with expected ROI of 5%. 2a. For illustration purposes, let's assume no match After 1 year, you have $1050 ($1000 principal, $0 match, 5% interest) - but you can't take it out. ROI = 5% After 30 years, you have $4321.94, ROI of 332% - assuming away all risk. 2b. Then, we'll assume a 50% match. After 1 year, you have $1575 ($1000 principle, $500 match, 5% interest) - but you can't take it out. ROI = 57% - but you are  stuck for a bit After 30 years, you have $6482.91, ROI of 548% - assuming away all risk. 2c. Finally, a full match After 1 year, you have $2100 ($1000 principle, $1000 match, 5% interest) - but you can't take it out. ROI = 110% - but again, you are stuck. After 30 years, you have $8643.89, ROI of 764% - assuming away all risk. Here's the summary - The interest rate is really all that matters.  Paying off a credit card is a guaranteed investment.   The only reason not to pay off a 20% credit card interest rate is if, after taxes, time, etc..., you could earn more than 20% somewhere else.   Note that at 1 year, the matching funds of a 401k, in all cases where the match exceeded 20%, beat the credit card. If you could take that money before you could have paid off the credit card, it would have been a good deal. The problem with the 401k is that you can't realize that gain until you retire. Credit Card debt, on the other hand, keeps growing until you pay it off. As such, paying off your credit card debt - assuming its interest rate is greater than the stock market (which trust me, it almost always is) - is the better deal. Indeed, with the exception of tax advantaged mortgages, there is almost no debt that has an interest rate than is ""better"" than the market."
One thing is for sure, no matter how you look at it, Obama's 8 years will prove to be lost years in America. Gridlocked congress, Health Care Reform, and the inevitable double dip recession/ depression will be the blame, and most of it will be directed towards the policies of the last 16 years.  I used to be a stone cold republican. Super Conservative. That is when I thought I had the entire world ahead of me. Now, with having to work a minimum wage job, and paying back my student loans to clear my debt, my views have changed a little   I want to believe that America will take their eyes away from Fox News and MSNBC and look outside of both the Dems and GOP point of view, and invite a third party into the discussion. I believe the Libertarians may be able to bridge the gap. Most Americans would fit their beliefs and political platform, and they do raise some great questions. I just hope it does not get sabotage by the extremest like the tea party did.  But in short, if their is no unity, and a split in America, things could get ugly by 2018.
In this example you are providing 4x more collateral than you are borrowing.  Credit score shouldn't matter, regardless of how risky a borrower you are.  Sure it costs time and money to go to auction, but this can be factored into your interest rate / fees. I don't see how the bank can lose.
Berkshire Hathaway issues first ever-negative coupon security from back in 2002 had this part: The warrants will give the holder the right to purchase either shares   of the Company's class A or class B common stock at the holder’s   option. The initial exercise price represents a 15% premium over the   closing price of the class A shares on the NYSE on May 21, 2002. The   Notes will pay holders a 3.0% interest rate per annum and holders will   pay 3.75% installment payments per annum on the warrants. The warrant   payments due from holders will be greater than the coupon on the   senior notes, effectively making SQUARZ the first negative coupon   security. Berkshire Hathaway will use the net proceeds from the   issuance for general corporate purposes, including possible   acquisitions, none of which are pending. This would be an example where the strike price was 15% higher than the closing price yet the security sold well.
&gt; I think you're overestimating the amount of people who do use these blockers. Less than 10%. Most people don't care  You're wrong, they all care, they're just ignorant. And people like me are curing them of their ignorance.
That's up to you, but I wouldn't play around with my retirement money if I was in your situation. Your earning potential during your retirement years will likely be at its nadir. Do you really want to risk being forced to be a Wal-Mart greeter when you are 80? Also, considering your earning potential now is probably at or near the peak, your opportunity cost for each hour of your life is much higher now than it will be later. So ultimately you'd be working a little harder now or a lot harder later for less money.
Barnie Sanders is a cheap demagogue without any moral standards. I know, I know, why would I be attacking the guy?  Well, he has criticized the Fed with cheap points like this that actually anyone a bit interested in the Fed knows, he jumped in the Audit the Fed Ron Paul push but when the time to stand up came he sold out. Bernie Sanders accepted passing a modified version of the Audit the Fed bill that basically rendered the bill useless because it was only a one time audit and only of specific actions, leaving out a bunch. Then it was publicized as if the bill had passed and was a victory so people were happy, when in reality (as the same Ron Paul pointed out) the bill was defeated. And it was because Sanders, who was sponsoring the bill on the Senate, accepted the changes. He is a sold out. The guy is so shameless that he even brags about hhow he helped auditing the Fed.  tl;dr: Bernie Anders talks the talk but does not walk the walk.  EDIT: Btw, to anyone interested, Ron Paul is trying to promote the Audit the Fed bill again right now and is gaining traction. Hopefully this time Ron Paul will find someone in the senate to sponsor his bill that is not a sell out like Sanders.
Looks like folks here don't like to look on the bright side.  I remember watching a documentary about an American guy with terrible allergies going to Africa to deliberately infect himself with hookworm so that he could live a normal life. It worked.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://hbr.org/2017/10/why-wages-arent-growing-in-america) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Since the early 1970s, the hourly inflation-adjusted wages received by the typical worker have barely risen, growing only 0.2% per year.  &gt; We also know that educated workers have fared better; the wages received by those who finished their education with a four-year college degree grew from 134% of high school graduates&amp;#039; wages to 168%. While increasing educational attainment has helped to raise wages for many workers, it remains the case that the majority of Americans have not completed a four-year degree.  &gt; The deteriorating value of the inflation-adjusted minimum wage, along with declining union membership, have lowered wages for many in the bottom and middle of the wage distribution.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/78ow1c/why_wages_arent_growing_in_america/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~234980 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **wage**^#1 **worker**^#2 **growth**^#3 **policy**^#4 **share**^#5"
"futility of your beliefs... what are you, a supervillian? Don't write like that, it makes what you say sound ridiculous. It's not my ""dogma"" that makes me not want to discuss this issue with you, its that people with a libertarian mindset tend to have a zealous ideology that makes it impossible to talk to them about anything without them going into full on proselytize mode and say shit like, ""If you keep your head buried in the sand, you won't see the ocean creeping up to drown you."" No, Sir, I am aware of your set of beliefs and I don't agree with them. The end."
I will start making food that people love.  1517 is old. Food should be old too. A good market for launching new varieties of food. The advantage is that I can experiment whatever I want; free to do anything. Every time I launch a new dish in the market, chances are very high that people would pay special attention to new tastes. The money wouldn't be a major turning point there.  Feeding people with different dishes would bring in reputation among the community. That's all I want for my business to expand smoothly.
"I see, so this virus will somehow ""spread via USB"" even though it's not connected to other ATMs.  I think you've watched too many movies with hacker themes.  And compromising the OS will also somehow hack the proprietary bank software that unlocks the cash.  Smh."
You don't always have a choice. If you RTA, this is about loans that BoA bought from other lenders, or banks they acquired. If there is such a thing as a conventional mortgage contract that cannot be sold to another bank, I have never heard of it.   Any bank you borrow from is generally free to re-sell the loan to any other bank. You agree to the contract, not the name on the letterhead.
"This is going to depend on the tax jurisdiction and I have no knowledge of the rules in Illinois.  But I'd like to give you some direction about how to think about this.   The biggest problem that you might hit is that if you collect a single check and then distribute to the tutors, you may be considered their employer.  As an employer, you would be responsible for things like  This is not meant as an exhaustive list.   Even if not an employer, you are still paying them.  You would be responsible for issuing 1099 forms to anyone who goes above $600 for the year (source).   You would need to file for a taxpayer identification number for your organization, as it is acting as a business.  You need to give this number to the school so that they can issue the correct form to you.  You might have to register a ""Doing Business As"" name.  It's conceivable that you could get away with having the school write the check to you as an individual.  But if you do that, it will show up as income on your taxes and you will have to deduct payments to the other tutors.   If the organization already has a separate tax identity, then you could use that.  Note that the organization will be responsible for paying income tax.  It should be able to deduct payments to the tutors as well as marketing expenses, etc.   If the school will go for it, consider structuring things with a payment to your organization for your organization duties.  Then you tell the school how much to pay each tutor.  You would be responsible for giving the school the necessary information, like name, address, Social Security number, and cost (or possibly hours worked)."
"What if your tank legs scuff the floors and tear the carpet?  For ""super-soldier"" augments, I think a more sensible option would be powered armor or an exoskeleton, so you don't have to wear your tank legs in polite company."
&gt;sooo if their is an accident, just take him off the job in middle of helping people off the streets, got it.  Shifts should overlap.  New cops come in.  They pass the relevant info and go home.  In any case, maybe an exception can be made for an accident.  But 200k is not an accident or two of overtime away from what the salary should be.
As said previously, most of the time volume does not affect stock prices, except with penny stocks. These stocks typically have a small volume in the 3 or 4 figure range and because of this they typically experience very sharp rises and drops in stock prices, contrasting normal stocks that go up and down constantly every minute. Volume is not one thing you should be looking at when analyzing a stock in most cases, since it is simply the number of people of trades made in a day. That has no effect on the value of the company, whereas looking at P/E ratios, dividend growth, etc all can be analyzed to see if a company is growing and is doing well in its field. If I buy an iPhone, it doesn't matter if 100 other people or 100,000 other people have bought it as well, since they won't really affect my experience with the product. Whereas the type of iPhone I buy will.
So the bank can (theoretically) compare that signature to the ID you provide, showing that the names and signatures match and that you are the person to whom the check was written.
You can literally get better food from the freezer section at the grocery store.  That's fine, and people will still go to places serving that food if there's other redeeming qualities, but I didn't see any such qualities the couple times I've been to one of these places.  I don't get what the appeal is.
The real estate industry today is highly exploitative, you're right, but there are currently nothing stopping rents from rising. The major controls in place are are primarily supply constraints, which would lower prices if removed by allowing small, entrepreneurial developers and builders to create new housing more easily. There's also nothing to stop institutional investors from buying up all the housing right now, but those investors are generally not looking for high growth, they're looking for stable returns. Apartment buildings are viewed as similar to blue chip stock portfolios in that regard. Low growth, but also low risk.  The reason capitalism wouldn't lead to monopoly is that it takes work both to gain resources, and to retain them, and the most reliable way to retain them is to reinvest them in the economy. Investment permits new businesses to grow, and new industries to form. It's precisely because the economy isn't limited to a fixed size that wealth of one group doesn't require to poverty of others. New value creation is the core of the theory, and nearly every living person has at least some capital (their body and mind) to begin employing toward value creation.  I recommend reading Henry Hazlitt's Economics in One Lesson if you'd like to understand the theory behind why and how free market capitalism is supposed to work.
"What you need to do is go to yahoo finance and look at different stock's P/E ratios. You'll quickly see that the stocks can be sorted by this number. It would be an interesting exercise to get an idea of why P/E isn't a fixed number, how certain industries cluster around a certain number, but even this isn't precise. But, it will give you an idea as to why your question has no answer. ""Annual earnings are $1. What is the share price?"" ""Question has no answer"""
Do you have an actual criticism of my argument to contribute to the discussion?  Do you really consider yourself a reasonable person of science and evidence, when, confronted with evidence that people here are using pseudo-scientific, unsourced blogs to justify their claims, instead of refuting that, you derail the conversation into proving that the Earth isn't flat and whether Finland exists?   You're just being facetious. You shouldn't abandon your integrity just because your arguing over the internet and see something you don't like.
"Once the examination is done, it is recommended to begin calling around to different purchasers. The most solid reestablished auto purchasers are scrap auto evacuation organizations, scrap terraces, and ""money for autos"" administrations. These are the parts that compensation the most for rescued, assaulted, and trashed vehicles and furthermore give junk car quote. It is critical to contact a few associations, additionally in the event that they are not in your general vicinity. This sort of research will offer you a thought for the going rate of the piece vehicle you have and the condition it stays in; at that point you could unquestionably recognize reasonable offers and forthcoming cheats. They ended up being the best cash for Cars Company."
"Gifts given and received between business partners or employers/employees are treated as income, if they are beyond minimal value. If your boss gives you a gift, s/he should include it as part of your taxable wages for payroll purposes - which means that some of your wages should be withheld to cover income, social security, and Medicare taxes on it. At the end of the year, the value of the gift should be included in Box 1 (wages) of your form W-2. Assuming that's the case, you don't need to do anything special. A 1099-MISC would not be appropriate because you are an employee of your boss - so the two of you need to address the full panoply of employment taxes, not just income tax, which would be the result if the payment were reported on 1099-MISC. If the employer wants to cover the cost to you of the taxes on the gift, they'll need to ""gross up"" your pay to cover it. Let's say your employer gives you a gift worth $100, and you're in a 25% tax bracket. Your employer has to give you $125 so that you end up with a gain of $100. But the extra $25 is taxable, too, so your employer will need to add on an extra $6.25 to cover the 25% tax on the $25. But, wait, now we've gotta pay 25% tax on the $6.25, so they add an extra $1.56 to cover that tax. And now they've gotta pay an extra $.39 . . .  The formula to calculate the gross-up amount is: where [TAX RATE] is the tax rate expressed as a percentage. So, to get the grossed-up amount for a $100 gift in a 25% bracket, we'd calculate 1/(1-.25), or 1/.75, or 1.333, multiply that by the target gift amount of $100, and end up with $133.33.  The equation is a little uglier if you have to pay state income taxes that are deductible on the federal return but it's a similar principle.  The entire $133.33 would then be reported as income, but the net effect on the employee is that they're $100 richer after taxes. The ""gross-up"" idea can be quite complicated if you dig into the details - there are some circumstances where an additional few dollars of income can have an unexpected impact on a tax return, in a fashion not obvious from looking at the tax table.  If the employer doesn't include the gift in Box 1 on the W-2 but you want to pay taxes on it anyway, include the amount in Line 7 on the 1040 as if it had been on a W-2, and fill out form 8919 to calculate the FICA taxes that should have been withheld."
"My credit Union has a ""credit builder"" loan, they loan $1000 and put it in a savings account you cant withdraw from and take out automatic payments. That would be better, the whole point of credit is on time payments, but my lender told me the effects on credit would be minimum. Probably best for those with no credit history."
This is more a question about economics than about personal finance. The answer, though, is straight-forward. Samsung makes enough profit on the phones that they are willing to eat the costs of a 0% loan, with the attendant risk of non-payment and the loss due to inflation. By offering financing, they expect to sell more phones. So, it's a slight cost to Samsung, but one they can easily afford due to the markups and increased volume of sales.
You are weighting a certain cost of the mortgage interest versus the possible gain of the value of the house.   Take the interest you pay per month and divide it by the current value of the house.  Say your interest is 3% of the value of the house (may be more or less depending on the balance owed and the interest rate of your mortgage). Say the average appreciation in your area is also 3%. But that means that there's only a 50% chance that the actual appreciation will be more than that (assuming the odds are equal either way), and there's a 50% change that you'll be worse off.   Generally, trading a risk-free loss for a risky gain of equal size is not a good investment; you generally can find better average returns on risky investments, so your best bet is to sell now and pay of the mortgage.
"It comes down to individual priorities.  Some people prefer to spend their money on a luxury car or SUV, rather than on computer gear, a bigger house, having three extra kids, eating in restaurants, or whatever. Some people are quite happy to take out a loan to get more expensive products, and service that loan over several years. There is also ""status"" attached to some makes (e.g. german marques).   That comes with a status premium, which some people are prepared to pay for, or take out debt to get - and some are not.    Compare (say) a base model Audi or BMW with a similarly priced non-luxury model from a Japanese competitor.   The Japanese model will probably have more features (leather, large rims, safety aids, etc) than the European at the same price point - and it will be necessary to tick several options (and pay extra for them - which can amount to 30-40% extra cost) to get the luxury car with a comparable set of features.    For some people, the luxury brand is worth the difference.  For some it is not."
they did crash because supply caught up to demand.  &gt; because the only reason people were buying them is because they would go up in value  that is the explanation for why price shot up so quick.  &gt; Sounds exactly like Bitcoin in my opinion  There's genuine utility in cryptocurrency.  Bitcoin is the anchor to all of them.  Btw, there is significant cost to mining bitcoin  &gt; How many people do you know using Bitcoin as a currency?  You can pay bills with it.  A lot better than gold in that regard.  &gt;  It isn't backed by a government or military  historically always a terrible thing for every currency.  The freedom from political whim based valuation is a plus.  &gt; When it crashes and criminals are the only ones using it, then what is it worth?  Criminals would be better off using cash or Monero (a crypto with better privacy safeguards).  But criminal can be a bit subjective.  Bitcoin for instance is the best vehicle for transporting money protecting from thieves whether or not they are government employees.  &gt;  Maybe $100 a coin? $10? Who knows, it sure as hell isn't $5,000 a coin though.  I think we'll see $5000 again, before $3000 or $1000.
Taylor Swift is popular precisely because she projects a fundamental decency and likeability that is mostly absent among the other poptarts.  The axis-of-strippers that is Beyonce', Madonna, and the rest of the rotting culture may be titilating, but everyone pretty much knows that all they're doing is selling softcore porn.  No one serious about music is listening to these popstar yowlings.  The London Symphony won't be accompanying the vocal stylings of Katie Perry anytime soon.  But, at least Swift is a likeable and apparently very nice young woman.  Beyonce et al should get some lessons in civility and adult behavior from her ...
No it would not. Source: algebra.  Also their test is completely stupid. I'm sure the 1000 people getting free money will do well. But that isn't the part people are concerned about.   The problems with a universal roll out would be inflation, huge tax jump to pay for it, disincentive to work for all of society, and economic migrants from other parts of the world that hear about your country giving out free money.   None of those things are getting tested if it is just 1000 random people spread through out the country.
Meth Testing New Zealand offers a cost-effective, fast and trustworthy meth sampling service. Not only does the service provide the technical skills to get the job done, we are experts in how this issue can impact residential tenancies and will guide clients through the process from start to finish.
There are many factors.   Most gas stations price their gas based on what it will cost them to replace it.  So when their supplier raises the price that it charges the station the station typically raises its prices proportionality.  The suppliers tend to have their own rates.  The business needs to make a profit so the business sets the price where it feels it will make the most money. Some stations buy bargain gas.  Many people say they find this gas to be just fine.  Personally some stations gas seems to make my cars run much worse.  I can say that my mileage can vary by as much as 4 miles to the gallon based on where I get my gas.  So I pay more to go to those stations that consistently have provided me good gasoline.  However higher prices do not necessarily mean better gas.  We have a BP just down the street that seems to have bad gas while one about a half a mile away that I prefer because I have never had a bad tank of gas.  Both are priced about the same. Also some localities have special tax zones.  These are local taxes levied based on the location.  We have 4 different zones here in Peoria IL (150k pop).  That does not take into account the smaller cities around us.
Yes that is the case for the public company approach, but I was referring to the transaction approach:   Firm A and Firm B both have $100 in EBITDA. Firm A has $50 in cash, Firm B has $100 in cash.  Firm A sells for $500, Firm B sells for $600.  If we didn't subtract cash before calculating the multiple: Firm A: 5x Firm B: 6x  If we DO subtract cash before calculating the multiple: Firm A: 4.5x Firm B: 5x  So yea, subtracting cash does skew the multiple.
"The price movements of Bitcoin are actually cogent in at least one sense:  Why in the world would somebody use bitcoin right now to buy anything?  That $100 item you bought today represents (to most) a huge opportunity cost as far as ""missed returns in the future"" go.  It's basically a dollar-deflationary cycle, which we know to be corrosive to an economy:  You don't buy today what you expect to be cheaper tomorrow.  That's highly problematic for bitcoin as far as business adoption is concerned."
"I work for 15 years now for the same company and I have no fear about my career or finding a job, even when I am in my 50s.  Why? Because I am an expert in a narrow field and have skills TO DO something. I am a techie. But I am a techie in a field that is not changing much and I keep updating myself. I also ignore what my boss tells me to do, and I always go into areas or develop areas that I think have potential for the future.  It's very important to pick a field that is not changing much and you think there will always be a demand for it.  I hope my son will become a doctor, or a techie like me.  In the last 25+ years of my employment, I saw many people let go. They were all ""paper pushers""."
I'd love to do something in the style of Nassim Taleb (fat tails, black swan events, and so forth)  He's a mathematical geniues, despite his controversial personality.  How useless is the VaR as a risk management tool would be a great topic.  Or something regarding policy/regulation (hot topic now).
Hiring a private investigator London, you are guaranteed peace of mind and confidence when entering into any personal or business relationship. The price is customized to match your investigation needs. All investigations are carried out in a professional manner to avoid privacy infringement charges.
Perhaps you should use your own tracking software, such as GnuCash, Quicken, Mint, or even Excel.  The latter would work given you say you're manually putting in your transactions.   There's lots of pre-done spreadsheets for tracking investments if you look around.    I'm hoping that a web search gets you help on migrating transaction data, but I've yet to run into any tools to do the export and import beyond a manual effort.  Then again, I haven't checked for this lately. Not sure about your other questions, but I'd recommend you edit the question to only contain what you're asking about in the subject.
A budget is a plan for spending money in the future. Tracking spending is only looking at what happened in the past.  Many people only track their spending, a proper budget can be key to achieving financial goals. You might earn enough and not spend frivolously enough that you aren't hamstrung by lack of a budget, but if you have specific financial goals, odds are you'll be more successful at achieving them by budgeting rather than only tracking spending.  I'm a fan of zero-sum budgets, where every dollar is allocated to a specific bucket ahead of time. Here's a good write-up on zero-sum budgets: How and Why to Use a Zero-Sum Budget
Short answer: Structural decline in banking revenue and margins.  Longer answer: A combination of regulation and technology has slowly eroded the profitability of banks, just look at historic ROEs. This has been exacerbated by low interest rates which has compressed banking margins via lower interest revenue, particularly affecting Swiss and German banks. Bottom line, investment banking is not as profitable as it was and is likely to become less profitable going forward.
"last day of the month is a ""seasonality test' ?  what do you mean by "" Is there an actual relationship or are you uncovering a relationship of noise?""  what would you recommend me doing now ?  what numbers are you interested in seeing to further investigate such strategy ?"
&gt;It will be painful for the world, but not in the same way that the Western financial crisis of '08 was painful. This will mostly hurt China, as well as western companies whose marginal revenue and growth is dependent upon Chinese business.  In other words, what goes around comes around.
All banks in the US that I have ever worked with will allow you to deposit checks if: In your case, you have 3 options:
Or you owned one that was bought out, so you got a ~30% return + whatever else the stock had returned prior to that. Everyone is pushing for the companies they hold to be bought for a quick paycheck, so you're seeing fewer companies...
Your son is completely free to pay off your mortgage if he wants. However in most jurisdictions it counts as a gift to you, and will be subject to gift tax, or its equivalent. This is why the bank doesn't want to receive payments directly from your son, so that they are not caught up in the reporting of this. If you are in the US, this is a good page about Gift Tax.
I got $26,000/month for Group B.  If they spend $26,000 that gives $390 in fees.  It will take on average 1.5 months for them to pay the credit card company.  With a monthly cost of funds of .04 divide that by 12 and multiply by 1.5, to get a .5% cost for every dollar of customer B spending on cost of funds.  This leads to a $130 cost for a total profit of $260.  I'm sorry for the lost job.  Things like that happen to lots of people.  As long as you're still alive, there's always going to be more opportunities.  Most people only notice a tiny percentage of the opportunities that come their way, and even fewer take advantage of them.
Since you mentioned £, there's a good chance you're in the UK. The UK is something of an anomaly in the world in so much as you don't need to use CDFs because you can 'spread bet'. The principle is ultimately the same: you're making a bet that the price will change in your favour. As others have said, this isn't investment and isn't a good idea if you don't know what you're doing. It's a possibly risky way into the field because your losses can exceed your deposit. It's generally pretty short-term, and so is highly susceptible to unpredictable temporary market fluctuation ('real' investing is usually longer term, and so based on the general trend of the market, which is generally less difficult to predict). That said, half-way decent spread betting companies will check you out pretty thoroughly before you start, they'll offer a 'demo' account where you can trade with 'fake money' (ie. you make no deposit, and can make no withdrawals) until you're comfortable. Some do training courses and seminars too. When you first start trading for real, you'll need to put a 'stop loss' on every trade, and thus mostly avoid the problem of losing more than you staked (it's still possible to lose more than you staked with a stop loss, but in most cases your excess loss won't be ruinous, just eye-watering). I worked for one such spread-betting company (a good, honest one at that). We once had an internal competition using demo accounts - the aim was to make as much money as you could in a two week period. I think we started with £10,000 each. A couple of people 'made' a decent looking amount of money in that time, but dozens more of us lost at least all of the money. It is possible to make money, but there's a far, far greater chance you'll lose all you're prepared to stake (and maybe more). Also, using a demo account is very different from using real money (no matter how much you tell yourself it isn't).
You're welcome. Pm me if you have questions. Ideally you would get to a point where you are debt free save a mortgage if that's where you are heading. Your interest rates a low enough save the credit card debt that you may want to look into an investment portfolio. Especially if you have more than $3k in cash. You don't need to keep that much cash at your age. Most investments are liquid enough you could get it out in a couple of days in case of an emergency. Though you will want to think about how taxes and market timing could affect you.
I second the above post. I am a CFA charterholder, and have an MBA.  The CFA Charter is the gold standard for asset management and investment research. Plus, it is a self-study program. You can sit for the Level I exam as a Senior in undergraduate, and this is a huge positive signal to prospective employers.
They offer a coupon that is 40% to 60% the actual amount that it could in theory offer, if not for delinquent cases.... the banks pocket the difference in the name to be able to pay up consistently..... not a pretty picture but it covers their ass
The future shares will be fewer in number, yet have claim to less cash in the bank. All in all, there's little reason the shares would rise in value.  Say there are 1M shares, trading at $10. Market cap is $10M of course. Now, there happens to be $2M cash in the bank so each share had about $2 cash. By taking the $2M and buying 200K shares, 800K shares remain, but why would you think they'd be valued at $12.50? The same $10 value per share is now an $8M market cap as $2M has been disbursed, no less so than if it were given out in a dividend.
"(I'm a bit surprised that nobody talked about the impact of multiple inquiries on a loan, since OP is concerned with credit building. Probably an answer as opposed to a comment is justified.) Yes. In fact when you shop for auto loan you are expected to have your credit score/report be pulled by different banks, credit unions, and/or the financing arm of the car manufacturer or the dealership, so that you can hopefully get the best rate possible. This is especially true if the dealer is requesting quotes on rates on your behalf, as they would probably use a batch process to send out applications to multiple financial institutions all at once. Yes, and a bit unusual - CALVERT TOYO (your dealer) pulled your report twice on the same day. Presumably they are not getting any new information on the second pull. Maybe a fat finger? Regardless, you should not worry about this too much (to be explained below). I would say ""don't bother"". The idea behind hard inquiries lowering credit score is that lenders see the number of hard inquiries as your desire for credit. Too high a number is often viewed as either ""desperate for credit"" or ""unable to qualify for credit"".  But as explained above, it is very common for a person to request quotes for multiple financial institutions and thus to have multiple hard inquiries in a short period of time when shopping for loans. To account for that, the credit bureau's model would usually combine hard inquiries for a same type of loan (auto, mortgage, etc.) within 30 days. Hence a person sending quote request to 3 banks won't be rated higher for credit than if he were to request quotes from 5 banks.  Therefore in your case your credit profile is not going to be different if you had been pulled just once. my credit score goes down for 15 points I'm assuming you are talking about the credit score provided by Credit Karma. The score CK provided is FAKO. The score lenders care about is FICO. They are well correlated but still different. Google these two terms and you should be able to figure out the difference quickly. You can also refer to my answer to a different question here: Equifax credit score discrepancy in 1 month, why?"
Is there a debit card accessing this account?  When you spend money on a debit card for certain item, including, but not limited to gas, restaurant, hotel, a bit extra is held in reserve. For example, a $100 restaurant charge might hold $125, to allow for a tip. (You're a generous tipper, right?) The actual sales slips my take days to reconcile.  It's for this reason that I've remarked how credit cards have their place. Using debit cards requires that one have more in their account than they need to spend, especially when taking a trip including hotel costs.
Indeed, I have to agree with the utterly reasonable arguments in Iraq, Libya, Syria, Afghanistan have made the world a better place, I really don't understand what is holding back the Koreans from constructive dialogue . . .Maybe its Trumps color . .reminds them of Agent Orange . .oh sorry . .that was Vietnam
Well technically debt is commonly measured as a % of GDP in order to give it a sense of scale. How else would you compare US debt vs Greek debt. You can also do it as a % of assets I guess, but that's much harder to measure
A stock's price does not move in a completely continuous fashion.  It moves in discrete steps depending on who is buying/selling at given prices. I'm guessing that by opening bell the price for buying/selling a particular stock has changed based on information obtained overnight. A company's stock closes at $40.  Overnight, news breaks that the company's top selling product has a massive defect.  The next morning the market opens.  Are there any buyers of the stock at $40?  Probably not.  The first trade of the stock takes place at $30 and is thus, not the same as the previous day's close.
It looks to me like this is a 'call an attorney' situation, which is always a good idea in situations like this (family legal disputes).  But, some information. First off, if your family is going to take the car, you certainly won't need to make payments on it any more at that point, in my opinion.  If the will goes through probate (which is the only way they'd really be able to take it), the probate judge should either leave you with the car and the payments, or neither (presumably requiring the family to pay off the loan and settle your interest in the car).  Since the car has negative net value, it seems unlikely that the probate judge would take the car away from you, but who knows.  Either way, if they do take the car away from you, they'll be doing you a service: you have a $6,000 car that you owe $12,000 on.  Let them, and walk away and buy another car for $6,000. Second, I'm not sure they would be allowed to in any event.  See the Illinois DMV page on correcting titles in the case of a deceased owner; Illinois I believe is a joint tenancy state, meaning that once one owner dies, the other just gets the car (and the loan, though the loan documents would cover that).  Unless you had an explicit agreement with your grandfather, anyway. From that page: Joint Ownership A title in the names of two or more persons is considered to be in joint tenancy. Upon the death of one of them, the surviving joint tenant(s) becomes the owner(s) of the vehicle by law. Third, your grandfather can fix all of this fairly easily by mentioning the disposition of the car and loan in his will, if he's still mentally competent and wishes to do so.  If he transfers his ownership of the car to you in the will, it seems like that would be that (though again, it's not clear that the ownership wouldn't just be yours anyway). Finally, I am not a lawyer, and I am not your lawyer, so do not construe any of the text of this post as legal advice; contact a lawyer.
&gt;some of it is actually decent investigative reporting  lol.  Businessweek could draw up a better article here than Vice.  &gt; Of course, you have a strong opinion adamantly against it, so I am guessing you really don't ever read that content.  One I did read it.  Two I am against it as most of what Vice does today is clickbait and journalism on the same level of Buzzfeed which is low.  The Atlantic, Time, The New York Times, etc all do far better investigative journalism than Vice does.  If you think this Vice article is good investigative journalism I don't know what to say.
"Hahahahaa! Oh man, this is hilarious. Are you going to try and explain a debit and credit to me next?  &gt;There's a huge distinction between a company that is generating no sales, and a company that is generating no profit.  I must have missed that part in your heavily nuanced comment about ""making money."""
Do we really want to get into this?  There has been a production of Julius Caesar with Caesar portrayed as the current president in every single presidency.   The entire point of the play is to show what happens when private citizens violently overthrow the government. It ends badly for them, it's a tragedy.  Read the play.
I haven't seen any of the other answers address this point – shares are (a form of) ownership of a company and thus they are an entitlement to the proceeds of the company, including proceeds from liquidation. Imagine an (extreme, contrived) example whereby you own shares in a company that is explicitly intended to only exist for a finite and definite period, say to serve as the producers of a one-time event. Consider a possible sequence of major events in this company's life: So why would the shares of this hypothetical company be worth anything? Because the company itself is worth something, or rather the stuff that the company owns is worth something, even (or in my example, especially) in the event of its dissolution or liquidation. Besides just the stuff that a company owns, why else would owning a portion of a company be a good idea, i.e. why would I pay for such a privilege? Buying shares of a company is a good idea if you believe (and are correct) that a company will make larger profits or capture more value (e.g. buy and control more valuable stuff) than other people believe. If your beliefs don't significantly differ from others then (ideally) the price of the companies stock should reflect all of the future value that everyone expects it to have, tho that value is discounted based on time preference, i.e. how much more valuable a given amount of money or a given thing of value is today versus some time in the future. Some notes on time preference: But apart from whether you should buy shares in a specific company, owning shares can still be valuable. Not only are shares a claim on a company's current assets (in the event of liquidation) but they are also claims on all future assets of the company. So if a company is growing then the value of shares now should reflect the (discounted) future value of the company, not just the value of its assets today. If shares in a company pays dividends then the company gives you money for owning shares. You already understand why that's worth something. It's basically equivalent to an annuity, tho dividends are much more likely to stop or change whereas the whole point of an annuity is that it's a (sometimes) fixed amount paid at fixed intervals, i.e. reliable and dependable. As CQM points out in their answer, part of the value of stock shares, to those that own them, and especially to those considering buying them, is the expectation or belief that they can sell those shares for a greater price than what they paid for them – irrespective of the 'true value' of the stock shares. But even in a world where everyone (magically) had the same knowledge always, a significant component of a stock's value is independent of its value as a source of trading profit. As Jesse Barnum points out in their answer, part of the value of stocks that don't pay dividends relative to stocks that do is due to the (potential) differences in tax liabilities incurred between dividends and long-term capital gains. This however, is not the primary source of value of a stock share.
Metropolitan Shredding is a proud Australian owned and operated shredding company providing secure document destruction, security bins and paper shredding services. We have years of hands on experience in the industry, visit us now if you are looking for secure document destruction in Perth.
Does your wife perform solo or in association with other actor/actresses and other volunteers? The latter arrangement sounds more like an unincorporated association or a partnership, which might be a bit freer to match the revenue and expenses.  By grinding through the proper procedures, it might be possible to get official non-profit status for it, as well.   Ask a professional.
"Status alone shouldn't be a problem. A fellow blogger publishes a blogger list at Rock Star Finance where he lists nearly 1000 personal finance bloggers web sites. You can see that many of them publicly offer their numbers.   What you need to consider is whether you are anonymous, or if friends and family will know it's you. ""Hey Tev, you have no debt and already saved XXX francs? Can you lend me ZZ francs to buy....?"" That is the greater risk. The potential larger risk for the higher worth people is that of targeted theft.  (Interesting you couldn't find this via search, the PF blogging community is large, mature, and continuing to grow.)"
I want to know ideally how much should a person save for retirement   funds? A person should save enough such that your total retirement resources will equal the amount you personally need for a comfortable retirement at the point in time when the person desires to retire. If you want to retire at 40, you may need to save quite a lot each year. If you want to retire at 70, you may need to save less each year. If you will have a pension, you may wish to save somewhat less than someone who won't have a pension. The same is true for Social Security (or your local equivalent). I am getting a feeling retirement funds is equal to financial   independence because one can live without needing to borrow money from   anyone. Sort of, but it depends on your goals. Some who are financially independent never choose to retire, but choose jobs without regard to financial need.
"For the mortgage, you're confusing cause and effect. Loans like mortgages generally have a very simple principle behind them: at any given time, the interest charged at that time is the product of the amount still owing and the interest rate. So for example on a mortgage of $100,000, at an interest rate of 5%, the interest charged for the first year would be $5,000. If you pay the interest plus another $20,000 after the first year, then in the second year the interest charge would be $4,000. This view is a bit of an over-simplification, but it gets the basic point across. [In practice you would actually make payments through the year so the actual balance that interest is charged on would vary. Different mortgages would also treat compounding slightly differently, e.g. the interest might be added to the mortgage balance daily or monthly.] So, it's natural that the interest charged on a mortgage reduces year-by-year as you pay off some of the mortgage. Mortgages are typically setup to have constant payments over the life of the mortgage (an ""amortisation schedule""), calculated so that by the end of the planned mortgage term, you'll have paid off all of the principal. It's a straightforward effect of the way that interest works in general that these schedules incorporate higher interest payments early on in the mortgage, because that's the time when you owe more money. If you go for a 15-year mortgage, each payment will involve you paying off significantly more principal each time than with a 30-year mortgage for the same balance - because with a 15-year mortgage, you need to hit 0 after 15 years, not 30. So since you pay off the principal faster, you naturally pay less interest even when you just compare the first 15 years. In your case what you're talking about is paying off the mortgage using the 30-year payments for the first 15 years, and then suddenly paying off the remaining principal with a lump sum. But when you do that, overall you're still paying off principal later than if it had been a 15-year mortgage to begin with, so you should be charged more interest, because what you've done is not the same as having a 15-year mortgage. You still will save the rest of the interest on the remaining 15 years of the term, unless there are pre-payment penalties. For the car loan I'm not sure what is happening. Perhaps it's the same situation and you just misunderstood how it was explained. Or maybe it's setup with significant pre-payment penalties so you genuinely don't save anything by paying early."
Actually BofA never charged for their debit card usage. It was all heresy from the media because Wells Fargo and Chase Bank were actually charging their customers. As to your credit card, you know that you can close that at anytime and pay off whatever owing balance you have left with it still closed.
&gt; The jobs in the economy is (generally) fixed  That’s not really true.  Industries are developed and killed off all the time.  &gt; At the end of the day we will still need dishwashers and security guards.   A small capital investment could be used as a replacement for most of the labor.  A better dishwasher, a better security system both allow each unit of labor to become more productive.  It was true with the cotton gin and it will be true with future innovations.
Oh I definitely agree.  The infrastructure costs of mass transit in the US are enormous, what if we just skip over it and it's replaced by Tesla style communal on demand transport.  We could go the route of Africa bypassing traditional phone infrastructure and jumping straight to mobile.
With a big enough haircut (and insurance) everything can be collateral. Does a Warhol get be be counted as 100 million of collateral? No. But it's definitely worth something.   To be honest, a painting is probably more dependable as collat because it probably just stays in one place and doesn't get handled a lot. When was the last time you heard of a painting getting hijacked or sinking off the coast of Spain?
&gt; One problem with the Social Security number, he said, is that a victim of identity theft cannot get it changed after it has been stolen.  Not quite true. [You *can* get your Social Security number changed](https://faq.ssa.gov/link/portal/34011/34019/article/3789/can-i-change-my-social-security-number), but it's a process to do so, and is only available for specific reasons. One of those reasons is due to ongoing issues with identify theft:  &gt; We can assign a different number only if:  &gt; * ... A victim of identity theft continues to be disadvantaged by using the original number;  So it's doable, but the process of doing so isn't easy, and requires a trip to Washington, DC, which most folks won't be able to do (which are only compounded if dealing with financial stresses caused by identity theft).
&gt;Certainly part of the blame goes to America's pop culture. Dolla dolla bills, ya'll.  At what point in time did people not like to make more money?  I mean, if someone else is offering higher compensation, you should likely consider shifting jobs; it means that somewhere there's a higher need of you.
While you are required to do so as others have said, it's actually in your interest to do so. In a recent article at GlobeInvestor, Tim Cestnick discusses the benefits of filing tax returns for teens. This situation may or may not apply to you but the message is the same. The main benefits are (1) create RRSP contribution room and (2) be eligible for GST/HST credits and other possible one-shot credits (think oil royalty surplus cheques in Alberta). Excerpt: You see, when Lincoln was 14, he filed a tax return and reported $2,000 of income that year. He paid no tax thanks to the basic personal tax credit, but he created $360 of RRSP contribution room that year. Beginning in 2003, Lincoln started working part-time in his father's business. His father agreed to pay him $6,000 each summer to work in the business, to help save money for university. Lincoln didn't pay any tax on the money he earned in those summers because his basic personal tax credit was always higher than his earnings. In addition, Lincoln added to his RRSP contribution room simply by filing a tax return each year.
"The percentage of market share alone isn't determinative of whether an illegal monopoly exists, and it's theoretically possible to violate antitrust law with as little as 50% market share. Specifically U.S. courts have interpreted the Sherman Antitrust Act, Section Two, to mean that [""A market share greater than 75 percent indicates monopoly power, a share less than 50 percent does not, and shares between 50 and 75 percent are inconclusive in and of themselves.""](http://law.jrank.org/pages/10247/Sherman-Anti-Trust-Act-Monopolies.html)"
"Hi Amy,  thank you for your article.  Got to say however that I tend to disagree.  I've been through the venture rabbit hole a number of times.  Each one was an experience I'll never forget and wouldn't trade for anything.  I learned so much more about how the business world actually works (or...doesn't) than I would have at some more established company.    That said, I am also quite sour on the whole VC thing and at my most recent startup we've foregone outside investors and bootstrapped things from the get go.  It was probably the best decision we made because it allowed us to be flexible in our strategy and not always beholden to the ""quick exit"" that VC money always drives.     However, I realize that not all businesses can be like ours.  We started off as a consulting company and moved into build products as our cash reserve grew.  If we had wanted to do something big, or fast, or perhaps manufacture something, we would never have had the capital to get it going.  Those types of business *need* outside funding, and generally it's only VCs who are willing to take the 1 in 20 bet that startups usually entail.  For that, I'm glad that VCs are there, and think they provide a very valuable service and part of our economy.  I just don't ever want to have to deal with them again..."
Presumably, some of the selling pressure could be from insiders who have been locked up for a while and now that they've gone public, they're cashing out.   The problem with snapchat is that unlike when facebook went public, it does not stand alone. Facebook wasn't really fighting anyone for dominance when it went public - it had already won the war and just had to prove its ability to generate a profit. Snapchat is directly in Facebook's crosshairs (instagram) which makes it a tougher situation because not only do they have to prove profitability, they have to fight facebook while doing it.
It is a good idea to keep the receipts. The reason being that the dispensation from the ATM and the debit to the account are async process. There are multiple handshakes during this process between the hardware of the ATM, the software controlling the ATM and the core banking software. like any software programming, there are chances of errors, ie amounts being debit wrong due to bugs, or duplicate of transactions being posted. Altough such errors would normally get caught during recon between the ATM software and the Core Banking postings, its advisable to keep the receipts and verify erroneous debits. In such cases, the receipts would provide additional information required by the Bank to rectify the errors promptly.
Well, from what I have heard, the pass is 60%.  Evidently, I am going to try to get a lot better but since I am still new to Finance, trying to put all the pieces together can be a bit of a challenge.  More studying would help that I assume.
"When you compare the costs of paying your current mortgage with the rental income from the flat, you're not really comparing like with like. Firstly, the mortgage payments are covering both interest and capital repayments, so some of the 8k is money that is adding to your net worth. Secondly, the value of the flat (130k) is much more than the outstanding mortgage (80k) so if you did sell the flat and pay off the mortgage, you'd have 50k left in cash that could be invested to provide an income. The right way to compare the two options is to look at the different costs in each scenario. Let's assume the bigger house will cost 425k as it makes the figures work out nicely. If you buy the bigger house with a bigger mortgage, you will need to borrow 50k more so will end up with a mortgage of 130k, and you will still have the 8k/year from the flat. Depending on your other income, you might have to pay tax on the 8k/year - e.g. at 40% if you're a higher-rate taxpayer, leaving you with 4.8k/year. If you sell the flat, you'll have no mortgage repayments to make and no income from the flat. You'll be able to exactly buy the new house outright with the 50k left over after you repay the mortgage, on top of your old house. You'd also have to pay some costs to sell the flat that you wouldn't have to with the bigger mortgage, but you'd save on the costs of getting a new mortgage. They probably aren't the same, but let's simplify and assume they are. If anything the costs of selling the flat are likely to be higher than the mortgage costs. Viewed like that, you should look at the actual costs to you of having a 130k mortgage, and how much of that would be interest. Given that you'll be remortgaging, at current mortgage rates, I'd expect interest would only be 2-3%, i.e around 2.5k - 4k, so significantly less than the income from the flat even after tax. The total payment would be more because of capital repayment, but you could easily afford the cashflow difference. You can vary the term of the mortgage to control how much the capital repayment is, and you should easily be able to get a 130k mortgage on a 425k house with a very good deal. So if your figure of 8k rent is accurate (considering void periods, costs of upkeep etc), then I think it easily makes sense to get the bigger house with the bigger mortgage. Given the tax impact (which was pointed out in a comment), a third strategy may be even better: keep the flat, but take out a mortgage on it in exchange for a reduced mortgage on your main house. The reason for doing it that way is that you get some tax relief on the mortgage costs on an investment property as long as the income from that property is higher than the costs, whereas you don't on your primary residence. The tax relief used to just be at the same tax rate you were paying on the rental income, i.e. you could subtract the mortgage costs from the rental income when calculating tax. It's gradually being reduced so it's just basic rate tax relief (20%) even if you pay higher-rate tax, but it still could save you some money. You'd need to look at the different mortgage costs carefully, as ""buy-to-let"" mortgages often have higher interest rates."
Ouch. In that case, I'm surprised the company is big enough to support a true treasury team. I would guess that it would be more of a cash management role with less opportunity for investing cash or dipping much into bond markets.
Somewhat.  The balance sheet will include liabilities which as Michael Kjörling points out would tell you the totals for the debt which would often be loans or bonds depending on one's preferred terminology.  However, if the company's loan was shorter than the length of the quarter, then it may not necessarily be reported is something to point out as the data is accurate for a specific point in time only. My suggestion is that if you have a particular company that you want to review that you take a look at the SEC filing in full which would have a better breakdown of everything in terms of assets, liabilities, etc. than the a summary page.  http://investor.apple.com/ would be where you could find a link to the 10-Q that has a better breakdown though it does appear that Apple doesn't have any bonds outstanding.  There are some companies that may have little debt due to being so profitable in their areas of business.
46 years for Fred Smith - this is quite a feat. Jeff Bezos is exactly half that at 23 years.  Incredible what Fred did in all those years to build up FedEx and how to company has changed the world. Though, what an awesome job it'd have been to be a runner before FedEx - catching overnight flights to deliver an envelope.  Speaking to shipping, I'd say Smith has had the biggest impact since Malcom McLean pioneered the shipping container.
"Agreed. More so, the behavior of these organizations in the past probably justifies a cynical reception and the idea that these things are going to be used for purposes beyond the stated.  It also creates a problem of ""you manage what you can measure"". Is physically being at your desk tied to productivity? Better hope so, if you are managing to it, or are you accidentally creating a culture that incentivizes not networking, not having meetings, and not communicating where organizational knowledge decays and vanishes in favor of sitting at your desk on reddit?  You know, in theory."
&gt; I just think it's bad for one company to have so much influence over our ag industry. We should split them up along with many other large global corporations.  I work in Ag and I honestly don't know what everyone's issue really is with them. You don't HAVE to buy their seed. And we need seed companies that develop new ones that stay ahead of diseases etc.  And before anyone goes off about the farmers that get sued by Monsanto for saving seed,[ the Supreme Court ruled 9-0 in Monsanto's favor because those farmers blatantly violating patent law.](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2013/05/13/183603368/supreme-court-rules-for-monsanto-in-case-against-farmer)
When a stock is ask for 15.2 and bid for 14.5, and the last market price was 14.5, what does it mean? It means that the seller wants to sell for a higher price than the last sale while the buyer does not want to buy for more than the last sale price. Or what if the last price is 15.2? The seller is offering to sell for the last sale price, but the buyer wants to buy for less.
When Obama came into office we were running a roughly $1.16 trillion deficit, and when he left office it was only $600 billion.  Yes, the total debt kept going up because he never got that number to zero, but he made a lot of progress.  Trump, by contrast, seems determined to blow up the deficit, just has the last Republican president did.  And the Republican before that.  And the Republican before that...  EDIT: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
Fair point, but I'd submit to you that the European system has demonstrated its flaws. You claim it is better than the U.S. system, which in terms of ease, quality or value, is probably the case.   But, the unsustainable costs in the Eurozone are driven by healthcare and entitlement programs, similar to the U.S. and other developed nations. What happens when Greece, Italy, Spain and Portugal are forced to default or leave the Euro? Do you think the healthcare quality, ease and value will remain as it has been?
Di MASAI AUTO CITY kami telah membangunkan satu sistem yang unik untuk mencari kereta terpakai yang anda cari. Kami mempunyai beribu-ribu tawaran kereta terpakai untuk dipilih, tetapi di atas semua, sistem penilaian yang menilai sama ada atau tidak harga kenderaan, berkenaan dengan ciri-cirinya, berada di pasaran. Dan seperti yang kita tahu, anda boleh membeli kereta mudah. Jika anda mempunyai keraguan tentang harga, anda boleh mengakses penilai harga kami di sini. Kami sangat prihatin terhadap iklan kereta yang digunakan yang kami miliki dan itulah sebabnya kami menyemak semuanya secara manual sebelum menerbitkannya.
[Who Killed the USPS?](http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2011/12/who-killed-the-postal-service/249508/?google_editors_picks=true)  &gt;The Postal Service Reorganization Act was intended to transform the mail system from a dysfunctional dumping ground for political patronage into a self-sustaining, independent agency. It was told, in other words, to act like a business. But the politicians never really let it.
I don't think this is always true, it really depends on the quantities you're looking for and the markets you're in. Sounds like this guy is dabbling in many markets trying to find out the good niches, therefore he's not going all in on anything. In the article he addresses the fact that some of these shops will sometimes have more orders/connections and therefore more leverage than you might if going directly to the manufacturer. I also wouldn't be surprised at all if many manufacturers, especially the uber-cheap ones, don't feel comfortable talking directly to westerners... their expertise is making stuff cheap, not in communications.
Every reward program has to have a funding source. If the card gives you x percent back on all purchases. That means that their business is structured to entice you to pump more transactions through the system. Either their other costs are lower, or the increased business allows them to make more money off of late fees, and interest. If the card has you earn extra points for buying a type of item or from a type of store (home stores improvement in the Spring), they are trying to make sure you use their card for what can be a significant amount of business during a small window of time. Sometimes they cap it by saying 5% cash back at home improvement stores during the spring but only on the first $1500 of purchases. That limits it to $75 maximum. Adding more business for them, makes more money for them. Groceries and gas are a good year round purchase categories. Yes there is some variation depending on the season, and the weather, but overall there is not an annual cliff once the season ends. Gas and groceries account for thousands of dollars a year these are not insignificant categories, for many families are recession proof. If they perceive a value from this type of offer they will change their buying behavior.  My local grocery store has a deal with a specific gas station. This means that they made a monetary deal. Because you earn points at the grocery store and spend points at the gas station, the grocery store is paying some compensation to the gas station every time you use points. The gas station must be seeing an increase in business so theoretically they don't get 100% compensation from the grocery store.  In cases where credit cards give airline miles, the credit card company buys the miles from the airline at a discount because they know that a significant number of miles will never be used.
Academy of Financial Studies (AFS), based in Delhi is offering effective programs for investors as well as traders in investment banking in india. Investment banking is the process of raising money through debt (loans and bonds) or else equity (IPOs or Private Equity placements). This money is used for funding the capital expenditures, dividend payouts and working capital etc.
I do appreciate the explanation.  I was being a bit facetious about hotdogs in that I don't buy the SAME hotdog over and over again.    But seriously, I still don't see why rising house prices shouldn't count towards inflation.   100s of thousands of homes are bought per day affecting millions of consumers per day.  The price fluctuations in housing absolutely affect the spending habits of consumers in every other facet of the economy.  Or put another way, what if in some wacky world everyone stopped buying virtually all other items except bare essentials because they were all focused on buying homes.  A huge construction industry boom ensues. Millions are working building homes.  Home prices skyrocket 1000% and become like 80% of GDP.  Is inflation dead? Or has it just shifted to another asset under our typical inflation radar?  Living costs are still very much affected by housing in this scenario.  They're just affected by millions of separate people at once each day.   To say that because one person doesn't repeat buy housing too often, means policy regarding inflation should be ignorant of housing prices, just isn't right.  That they are bought and sold by millions of consumers each month is just as important to the economy as food, energy, or any other major facet of our economy. In any event, inflation might be lagging, but it sure as hell isn't lagging when it comes to housing.
Unless you can have your savings earning more than the transfer fees, you should just pay the credit cards off before the interest free period ends. Also, there is the difficulty in finding new cards offering 0% interest continuously. You are better off paying off all your bad debt as soon as possible, start saving and investing, instead of wasting your time and energy trying to find new offers of 0% for your transfers before it expires. Rule of Thumb: Get rid of your Bad Debts as soon as possible; Keep your Good Debts as long as possible (as long as you can afford them).
CAPITAL MARKETS Cochrane Shaw Capital Management Pty Ltd. SnapshotPeople COMPANY OVERVIEW  Cochrane Shaw Capital Management Pty Ltd. provides investment and securities advisory services to individuals, corporations, accounting firms, and legal practices in Australia. The company offers advice on shares, debentures, superannuation, life insurance, unit trusts, and master fund products, as well as ongoing review on their investment portfolio. Its services include financial planning and investment strategies, superannuation planning, retirement and pension planning, risk insurance management, estate planning, and taxation planning. Cochrane Shaw Capital Management Pty Ltd. was incorporated in 1969 and is based in Melbourne, Australia. As of December 24, 2010, Cochrane Shaw Capital Ma... Detailed Description Suite 2 41 Railway Road Blackburn Melbourne, VIC 3130 Australia Founded in 1969 Phone: 61 3 9894 3788 Fax: 61 3 9894 1015 www.cochraneshaw.com.au KEY EXECUTIVES  Cochrane Shaw Capital Management Pty Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded.  SIMILAR PRIVATE COMPANIES BY INDUSTRY  Company Name Region Bluefin Pty. Ltd. Asia 333 Capital Pty Ltd. Asia Grove Research and Advisory Asia Vibraye Holdings Pty. Ltd. Asia Teachers Credit Union Limited Asia RECENT PRIVATE COMPANIES TRANSACTIONS  Type Date Target No transactions available in the past 12 months.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/economy/2017/08/were-racing-towards-another-private-debt-crisis-so-why-did-no-one-see-it) reduced by 84%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; As a result, NFU President Minette Batters is a supporter of the governments&amp;#039; present 25-year eradication strategy, which combines a mix of cattle testing, badger culling, and developing new diagnostic tests and vaccinations.  &gt; What if the government&amp;#039;s comprehensive approach is flawed and killing badgers is in fact needless? On a farm in Devon, the Save Me Trust has been supporting an experiment to prove that, with better testing, it&amp;#039;s possible to eliminate TB in a cattle herd without having to touch the surrounding wildlife.  &gt; Badgers around the farm have tested TB-positive, she says, yet since they have comprehensively cleared the disease from the cattle herd it has not returned.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6yauyl/new_statesman_were_racing_towards_another_private/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~204918 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **cattle**^#1 **test**^#2 **badger**^#3 **farm**^#4 **Brummer**^#5"
Yes timing does matter. Using a simple Rate of Change indicator over the past 100 days and smoothed out with a 50 day Moving Average, I have plotted the S&P 500 since the start of 2007.  The idea is to buy when the ROC indicator crosses above the zero line and sell when the ROC indicator crosses below the zero line. I have compared the results below of timing the markets from the start of 2007 to dollar cost averaging starting from the start of 2007 and investing every 6 months. $80k is invested in both cases.  For the timing the market option $80k was invested at the start of 2007, then the total figure was sold out when a sell signal was given, then the total amount reinvested when a new buy signal was given. For the DCA option $5000 was invested every 6 months starting from the start of 2007 until the last investment at the start of July 2014. The results are below:  Timing the markets results in more than double the returns (not including dividends and brokerage). Edit It has been brought up that I haven't considered tax in my Timing the Market option. So I have updated my timing the market spread-sheet to take into account both long-term and short-term CGT in the USA for someone on the highest tax bracket. The results are below:  The result is still almost a 2x higher returns for the timing the markets option.  Also note that even with the DCA option you will have to sell one day and pay CGT on any profits there. However, the real danger with the DCA option is if you need to sell during a market downturn and not make any profits at all.
Depending on your local laws, such a layoff may be an unlawful act. If the whole purpose of the lay-off is to strip the employees of their RSU's, the employer may be liable and get sued. However, you have to check that with a lawyer licensed in your jurisdiction. In many places there are no laws against this. In any case, you may claim that there was no good faith/just cause in the action and still sue the employer. Mere threat of a lawsuit may thwart the whole deal, so I suggest the employees to lawyer up and talk to the employer. That, by the way, will require to create a union - a representative body for the employees. In some places that by itself may be a just cause for termination (in some extremely anti-union jurisdictions, I would guess if there were some they would be in the US). Bottom line - talk to a lawyer.
I think you severely underestimate the math requirement for finance phds. I took first year metrics with the econ and finance phds at berkeley. Almost all of them had the equivalent of a bachelors, if not a masters, degree in math. You are going to need to go far beyond calculus. At a minimum you should have multivariate calculus, differential equations, linear algebra, and real anaylsis. For example, you'll need real analysis and measure theory for stochastic calculus which would be used for continuous time asset pricing. Real analysis would also be required for first year micro. You'll also need a strong background in probability and statistics for financial econometrics and time series.
This is why it bothers me when State Governors get up there and crow about how they balanced the States Budget.  Really? what are the negative consequences someone else is going to have to bear 10 years down the road?
Transform your business today with the help of I-Thrive. Through their online course called the Small Business Multiplier, you can learn a lot of strategies and techniques that will ultimately change the way you run your business. Waste no more of your time and get in touch with them right now! Visit their website at https://www.i-thrive.co.uk/ for more information.
One reason why keep my DCU account active.  Free fico credit scores! https://www.dcu.org/electronic_services/index.html but specifically this page https://www.dcu.org/electronic_services/FICO.html By signing up to receive your FREE credit score in PC Branch you'll be   able to monitor your credit score, receive two reasons why your credit   score is not higher, and learn how to take positive steps towards   improving your score. Other services such as this may cost you more   than $165* annually. Through DCU you can receive your Equifax FICO   Credit Score via PC Branch under Account Manager in your Inbox once a   month FREE as part of your Checking Plus or Relationship Checking   benefits. ... Digital Credit Union
"In my office we say ""A plan never survives first contact.""  I think the more important lesson would be the ability to quickly adapt your goals as things come up.  I know plenty of business owners who have created goals and strive like hell to achieve them even after it no longer makes sense."
The 'normal' series of events when trading a stock is to buy it, time passes, then you sell it. If you believe the stock will drop in price, you can reverse the order, selling shares, waiting for the price drop, then buying them back. During that time you own say, -100 shares, and are 'short' those shares.
[&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733; Register To Vote &amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;&amp;#9733;](https://myvote.wi.gov/en-us/registertovote)   [**Randy Bryce**](https://randybryceforcongress.com/) is running against Paul Ryan.   [Donate](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/randy-bryce-for-congress-1) | [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/RandyBryce) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/RandyBryce2018) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/IronStache)   Bryce supports universal health care, living wages, protecting Social Security and Medicare, affordable college, renewable energy, campaign finance reform, and DACA.    [**Cathy Myers**](https://cathymyersforcongress.com/) is running against Paul Ryan.   [Donate](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/cathy-for-congress-1?refcode=website) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/cathymyersforcongress/)   [Map of Wisconsin District 1](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/WI/1)   ^(I'm a bot and I'm learning. Let me know how I can do better. I'll add candidates who will represent working-class people instead of billionaire political donors.)
You need to do a few things to analyze your results. First, look at the timing of the deposits, and try to confirm the return you state. If it's still as high as you think, can you attribute it to one lucky stock purchase?  I have an account that's up 863% from 1998 till 2013. Am I a genius? Hardly. That account, one of many, happened to have stocks that really outperformed, Apple among them.  If you are that good, a career change may be in order. Few are that good. Joe
Earned income is earned income.  You can put your bonus in a tax-advantaged account, or not, just like you can put your salary in a tax-advantaged account, or not.  If you don't, it's taxed as ordinary income. Now, it may look like they're taking a ton out of your paycheck, but part of what may be happening is that, for that paycheck, it looks like you're making a whole lot more, so they're withholding a whole lot more based on a probably conservative formula that will make sure you (and they) don't get in trouble with the IRS for underwithholding.  So, if they're taking out too much with this paycheck, you'll get it back when you file your taxes.  Or, you can change your withholding yourself to account for this.
"&gt;Jesus you're impossibly dense.  Your quickness to repeatedly resort to *ad hominem* reveals the weakness of your points.  &gt;Then why did you write the quote below? What is the point of bringing up city workers that are not involved in the article unless you believe that the cops in the article are city workers? The only other reason would be to mislead the reader.  You were the one who implied that the politics of city residents had anything to do with control of the Port Authority in your first post in this thread.  &gt;Are you serious? NYC has 8mm of the 19mm NY state residents. This equates to almost half of the votes in statewide races, not to mention the majority of the political funding. This has a large bearing on who gets elected to statewide office.  It has no bearing on control of the statewide government, because the way that the districts are gerrymandered ensure that the Assembly is always in the hands of the Democrats and the Senate is virtually always in the hands of the Republicans. The Governor's office has been evenly split over the last 20 years.  &gt;To imply that the executive director for the last 5 years should shoulder some of the blame is disingenuous? Who is to blame then? The last executive director, Anthony Shorris was also appointed by a democrat. You're going to have to do a lot of lying and reaching to falsely blame this on a republican. You've clearly made up your mind without knowing any of the facts, and are too stubborn to learn from reality. Pretty sad. You also seem to have a very high standard for other people's posts while you outright lie in yours.  Again, *ad hominem*. But I'll ignore that for now, because you also resort to a straw man. I never ""blamed this on Republicans"" or suggested that the director of the last 5 years doesn't share some of the blame. I merely refuted your ridiculous assertion that the political leanings of the city's residents were what was responsible here. By design, the city residents have little control over the Port Authority.   *EDITED for spelling and formatting."
Patrick Byrne (CEO of Overstock.com) ran a somewhat interesting website awhile back called 'Deep Capture' which focused heavily on naked short selling and bear raids. He was called all sorts of names and many 'serious' journalist types brushed his allegations off.   His basic argument was that a cabal of hedge funds would simultaneously naked short a specific equity and then a coordinated group of journalists and message board jockeys would disparage the company as loudly and publicly as possible, driving the price down. Naked shorting is supposed to be illegal since you can hold the types of positions like in the linked article about Citigroup where the number of shares sold short actually exceeds the number of shares in existence.  The group he named was essentially a who's who of hedge funds and fraudsters and included many names of prominent politically active 'reformed' criminals from the S&amp;L days on Wall St. I can't remember how the cards fell, but the scheme allegedly involved Michael Milliken, Sam Antar (from Crazy Eddie's Fraud), Gary Weiss, Jim Cramer, etc etc.   It was a fascinating story.   Byrne actually followed through with several lawsuits (one of which was settled after a Rocker Partners paid Byrne $5 million dollars to settle).   The 'Deep Capture' site is down, but I [found a decent article](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/10/01/wikipedia_and_naked_shorting/print.html) that sums up some of the shenanigans, including a journalist sock-puppeting to edit Wikipedia, repeatedly denying it, being IP-traced to inside the DTCC building (the Wall St. entity responsible for clearing trades, including naked shorts).
"The only way to know the specific explanation in your situation is to ask your employer. Different companies do it differently, and they will have their reasons for that difference. I've asked ""But why is it that way?"" enough times to feel confident in telling you it's rarely an arbitrary decision.  In the case of your employer's policy, I can think of a number of reasons why they would limit match earnings per paycheck: Vesting, in a sense - Much as stock options have vesting requirements where you have to work for a certain amount of time to receive the options, this policy works as a sort of vesting mechanism for your employer matching funds. Without it, you could rapidly accumulate your full annual match amount in a few pay periods at the beginning of the year, and then immediately leave for employment elsewhere. You gain 100% of the annual match for only 1-2 months of work, while the employees who remain there all year work 12 months to gain the same 100%. Dollar Cost Averaging - By purchasing the same investment vehicle at different prices over time, you can reduce the impact of volatility on your earnings. For the same reason that 401k plans usually restrict you to a limited selection of mutual funds - namely, the implicit assumption is that you probably have little to no clue about investing - they also do other strategic things to encourage employees to invest (at least somewhat) wisely. By spacing their matching fund out over time, they encourage you to space your contributions over time, and they thereby indirectly force you to practice a sensible strategy of dollar cost averaging. Dollar Cost Averaging, seen from another angle - Mutual funds are the 18-wheeler trucks of the investment super-highway. They carry a lot of cargo, but they are difficult to start, stop, or steer quickly. For the same reasons that DCA is smart for you, it's also smart for a fund. The money is easier to manage and invest according to the goals of the fund if the investments trickle in over time and there are no sudden radical changes. Imagine if every employer that does matching allowed the full maximum match to be earned on the first paycheck of the year - the mutual funds in 401ks would get big balloons of money in January followed by a drastically lower investment for the rest of the year. And that would create volatility. Plan Administration Fees - Your employer has to pay the company managing the 401k for their services. It is likely that their agreement with the management company requires them to pay on a monthly basis, so it potentially makes things convenient for the accounting people on both ends if there's a steady monthly flow of money in and out. (Whether this point is at all relevant is very much dependent on how your company's agreement is structured, and how well the folks handling payroll and accounting understand it.) The Bottom Line - Your employer (let us hope) makes profits. And they pay expenses. And companies, for a variety of financial reasons, prefer to spread their profits and expenses as evenly over the year as they can. There are a lot of ways they achieve this - for example, a seasonal business might offer an annual payment plan to spread their seasonal revenue over the year. Likewise, the matching funds they are paying to you the employees are coming out of their bottom line. And the company would rather not have the majority of those funds being disbursed in a single quarter. They want a nice, even distribution. So once again it behooves them to create a 401k system that supports that objective. To Sum Up Ultimately, those 401k matching funds are a carrot. And that carrot manipulates you the employee into behaving in a way that is good for your employer, good for your investment management company, and good for your own investment success. Unless you are one of the rare birds who can outperform a dollar-cost-averaged investment in a low-cost index fund, there's very little to chafe at about this arrangement. If you are that rare bird, then your investment earning power likely outstrips the value of your annual matching monies significantly, in which case it isn't even worth thinking about."
I'm not sure I'd say the assets they had were worthless. One of the big controversies was whether it was a solvency crisis (bad assets) or a liquidity crisis (fine assets, but if everyone sells illiquid assets there's a fire sale problem).   The US and Buffett bet it was a liquidity crisis, and they were proven right.
&gt;Oh, but when you look at PayPal and VISA/MasterCard, there's like one. Or two.  Yeah, no. I work in credit card processing, PayPal isn't even the largest, let alone the only processing company, nor is it the only way (or even the safest or best way) to make online purchases.   And Visa/Mastercard don't control the issuing of cards to individuals, banks do. Every credit card is issued by a bank.  &gt;Denying legal use of money in a de facto monopoly is to me not morally better than denying legal use of money in a public utility monopoly.  No one is denying legal use of money and PayPal is nowhere close to having a monopoly.
There are statutes of limitations on how long they can wait before coming after you.  14 years certainly exceeds it, which I believe means you are not legally required to pay. statutes of limitations by state The most likely scenario is that this is a scam.  Second most likely is that this is a collections agency trying to trick you into paying even though they don't have legal authority to force you.  In that case if you do pay them anything, then the statute of limitations restarts and they can legally start giving you trouble, so definitely don't do that. If they keep harassing you, you can probably take legal action against them.  That's the worst case scenario, though.  I'd just ignore them. At this point, if they are legally entitled to any money, which I highly doubt, they will need to take you to court.  They are not going to do that over $1000. Blocking their number might be a reasonable idea. I would doubt whether they can even do anything to your credit rating over this issue.  If you are worried about your credit, you can check your oustanding debts and negative incidents at www.annualcreditreport.com and see if you see anything.  I would be surprised. Edit: You might read up about time-barred debts (assuming it's not a scam.  I still think it is). FTC page on time-barred debt
Having both purchased income properties and converted prior residences into rental properties I have found that it is difficult to get the banks to consider the potential rental income in qualifying you for a loan.  It helps if you have prior rental experience but in many cases you will have to qualify outright (i.e. without consideration of the potential income).  The early 2000s were great for responsible borrows/investors but today's regulations make it much more difficult to finance income property.
"Pure nothingness.   Google says ""We see ourselves as an urban innovation platform, ""  ""make use of dynamic signage, flexible street furniture and guidance from smartphone apps … to create better pedestrian flow.""  This is all hype nothingness imo."
You want to buy a house for $150,000.  It may be possible to do this with $10,000 and a 3.5% downpayment, but it would be a lot better to have $40,000 and make a 20% downpayment.  That would give you a cushion in case house prices fall, and there are often advantages to a 20% downpayment (lower rate; less mandatory insurance).   You have an income of $35,000 and expenses of $23,000 (if you are careful with the money--what if you aren't?).  You should have savings of either $17,500 or $11,500 in case of emergencies.  Perhaps you simply weren't mentioning that.  Note that you also need at least $137 * 26 = $3562 more to cover mortgage payments, so $15,062 by the expenses standard.  This is in addition to the $40,000 for downpayment and closing costs.   What do you plan to do if there is a problem with the new house, e.g. you need a new roof?  Or smaller expenses like a new furnace or appliance?  A plumbing problem?  Damages from a storm?  What if the tenants' teenage child has a party and trashes the place?  What if your tenants stop paying rent but refuse to move out, trashing the place while being evicted?  Your emergency savings need to be able to cover those situations.   You checked comps (comparable properties).  Great!  But notice that you are looking at a one bathroom property for $150,000 and comparing to $180,000 houses.  Consider that you may not get the $235 for that house, which is cheaper.  Perhaps the rent for that house will only be $195 or less, because one bathroom doesn't really support three bedrooms of people.   While real estate can be part of a portfolio, balance would suggest that much more of your portfolio be in things like stocks and bonds.  What are you doing for retirement?  Are you maxing out any tax-advantaged options that you have available?  It might be better to do that before entering the real estate market.   I am a 23 year old Australian man with a degree in computer science and a steady job from home working as a web developer. I'm a bit unclear on this.  What makes the job steady?  Is it employment with a large company?  Are you self-employed with what has been a steady flow of customers?  Regardless of which it is, consider the possibility of a recession.  The company can lay you off (presumably you are at the bottom of the seniority).  The new customers may be reluctant to start new projects while their cash flow is restrained.  And your tenants may move out.  At the same time.  What will you do then?   A mortgage is an obligation.  You have to pay it regardless.  While currently flush, are you the kind of flush that can weather a major setback?  I would feel a lot better about an investment like this if you had $600,000 in savings and were using this as a complementary investment to broaden your portfolio.  Even if you had $60,000 in savings and would still have substantial savings after the purchase.  This feels more like you are trying to maximize your purchase.  Money burning a hole in your pocket and trying to escape.   It would be a lot safer to stick to securities.  The worst that happens there is that you lose your investment (and it's more likely that the value will be reduced but recover).  With mortgages, you can lose your entire investment and then some.  Yes, the price may recover, but it may do so after the bank forecloses on the mortgage.
Property in general tends to go up in value.  That's one advantage you won't get if you rent.
At this particular time, I would strongly suggest holding on and not bailing.  I've been following this sector pretty closely for 10+ years now.  It has taken an absolute beating since 2011 (up to 90% down in many areas), and has been in a slow downward grind all year.  Given the cyclical nature of the markets, you're far far closer to a long term bottom, and have a much better risk/reward outlook now vs say, four, or even two years ago.  Personally, I'm planning on jumping into the sector heavily as soon as I see signs of a wash-out, desperation low, where people like yourself start selling in panic and frustration.  I may very likely start cost-averaging into it even now, although I personally feel we may get one more major bottom around the spring 2016 time-frame, coupled with a general market deflation scare, which might surprise many by its severity.  But at the same time, the sector might turn up from here and not look back, since I think many share my view and are just patiently waiting, and with so many buyers waiting in support, it may never crash hard.   In any case, I personally feel that we're approaching the cheap buying opportunity of a lifetime in this sector within the next year (precious metals miners that is, base metals may still falter if the economy is still iffy, and just look at the baltic dry index as an indicator of world trade and productivity... not looking so hot).  If you've suffered this long already, and it is just a small portfolio portion, just keep hanging in there.  And by next summer, if we get a confirmed panic low, and a subsequent strong, high-volume, consistent bounce pattern up past summer 2015 levels, then I'd start adding even more on dips and enjoy the ride.
Lifestyle Credit Solutions, LLC is a credit repair business that provide the consulting and legal signing services in the USA. We provide educational tools to assist our clients on how to improve, how to monitor and maintain credit score in the future. Call us at 757-350-3467 for free consultation!
"First, are you sure that no interest accrues on the student loans until six months after you finish your studies? My understanding is that you have to start paying back the student loans six months after leaving the university, but that doesn't mean no interest accrues in the meantime. My concern about student loans is that life happens and when it happens in an unexpected way, the powers of the student loan companies exceed pretty much everybody else's with the possible exception of the IRS. If you are in a position to be able to pay cash for the tuition then I would cut back the ""lifestyle"", scrimp as much as I can and pay cash. You'll be in a much better position afterwards - for starters, you won't have a student loan payment which means you're in a much better position financially than most of your peers and have a lot more options open. Plus, you're not carrying around a mortgage before you even bought a house."
I do at all from home right now. Im just some kid in college, I manage my parents money (successfully, so far) and the goal is to grow that into enough money that I don't need to work for the industry at all. So far I'm on track. I like to stay optimistic but I'm also realistic. I study deep learning and Ai on the side (since it is generally a Phd level topic, sadly). My majors are Mathematics(stats) and Computational Math Science. IDK, I just do what I love - hopefully it pays off.
Is there any benefit to investing in a Roth 401(k) plan, as opposed to a Roth IRA?  They have separate contribution limits, so how much you contribute to one does not change the amount you can contribute to the other.  Which is relevant to your question because you said  the earnings on that account compounded over the next 40 years growing tax-free will be much higher than what I'd save on current taxes on a traditional 401(k).   This is only true if you max out your contribution limits.  If you start with the same amount of money and have the same marginal tax rate in both years, it doesn't matter which one you pick.   Start with $10,000 to invest.  With the traditional, you can invest all $10,000.  With the Roth, you pay taxes on it and then invest it.  Let's assume a tax rate of 25%.  So invest $7500.   Let's assume that you invest either amount long enough to double four times (forty years at 7% return after inflation is about right).  So the traditional has $160,000 and the Roth has $120,000.   Now you withdraw them.  For simplicity's sake, we'll pretend it's all one year.  It's probably over several years, but the math is easier in a single year.  With the Roth, you have $120,000.  With the traditional, you have to pay tax.  Again, let's assume 25%.  So that's $40,000, leaving you with $120,000 from the traditional.  That is the same amount as the Roth!   So it would make sense to  If you can max out both, great.  You do that for forty years and your retirement will be as financially secure as you can make it.  If you can't max them out, the most important thing is the employer match.  That's free money.  Then you may prefer your Roth IRA to the 401k.   Note that you can also roll over your Roth 401k to a Roth IRA.  Then you can withdraw your contributions from the Roth IRA without penalty or additional tax.  Alternate source.   Beyond answering your question, I would still like to reiterate that Roth or traditional does not have a big effect on your investment unless you max them out or you have different tax rates now versus in retirement.  It may change other things.  For example, you can roll over a Roth 401k to a Roth IRA without paying taxes.  And the Roth IRA will act like it was contributed directly.  You have to check with your employer what their rollover rules are.  They may allow it any time or only at employment separation (when you leave the job).   If you do max out your Roth accounts, then they will perform better than the traditional accounts at the same nominal contribution.  This is because they are tax free while your returns in the other accounts will have to pay taxes. But it doesn't matter until you hit the limits.  Until then, you could just invest the tax savings of the traditional as well as the money you could invest in a Roth.
Are there banks where you can open a bank account without being a citizen of that country without having to visit the bank in person? I've done it the other way around, opened a bank account in the UK so I have a way to store GBP.  Given that Britain is still in the EU you can basically open an account anywhere.  German online banks for instance allow you to administrate anything online, should there be cards issued you would need an address in the country.  And for opening an account a passport is sufficient, you can identify yourself in a video chat.  Now what's the downside?  French banks' online services are in French, German banks' services are in German.  If that doesn't put you off, I would name such banks in the comments if asked. Are there any online services for investing money that aren't tied to any particular country? Can you clarify that?  You should at least be able to buy into any European or American stock through your broker.  That should give you an ease of mind being FCA-regulated.  However, those are usually GDRs (global depository receipts) and denominated in GBp (pence) so you'd be visually exposed to currency rates, by which I mean that if the stock goes up 1% but the GBP goes up 1% in the same period then your GDR would show a 0% profit on that day; also, and more annoyingly, dividends are distributed in the foreign currency, then exchanged by the issuer of the GDR on that day and booked into your account, so if you want to be in full control of the cashflows you should get a trading account denominated in the currency (and maybe situated in the country) you're planning to invest in. If you're really serious about it, some brokers/banks offer multi-currency trading accounts (again I will name them if asked) where you can trade a wide range of instruments natively (i.e. on the primary exchanges) and you get to manage everything in one interface.  Those accounts typically include access to the foreign exchange markets so you can move cash between your accounts freely (well for a surcharge).  Also, typically each subaccount is issued its own IBAN.
"Contact your bank immediately, if you haven't done so already.  They will almost certainly have some sort of ""fraud hotline"" which can take appropriate action."
Anyone can study their ass off and pass an exam. To actually apply that knowledge is a different story entirely, and will determine just how far you can make it in whatever you do.      Besides, a Series 7, while extensive, only scratches the surface on all topics as a whole. None of it goes too far in depth, and the application of it all really depends on the job you're in.
because thats not how insurance works. Yes, they make a profit, but the only reason any single person can get a policy is because there is a pool of people large enough to spread the risk. That means there needs to be healthy people too. The bigger the pool, the lower the cost. If you're still pissy at that point that it's expensive it's not the insurance company at that point, its the actual costs of medical care that are expensive and require a policy as expensive as it is to cover those costs.
"Buying a house is often more emotional than financial. Which makes that kind of advice tough to offer. Staying with the finance side - You wrote ""2 bedrooms is enough for me."" Is it enough for your girlfriend/fiancee? Is she on the same schedule for kids as you are? 2 bedrooms means that with just one child you are less able to host a guest and the second child will need to share the bedroom. Nothing wrong with that, just making sure you are aware of these things. If the long term plan is to move to a new house, a ten year horizon for the second house sounds good to me.  I'll make one brief comment on rent vs buy - it's easy to buy too big and discover you are paying for rooms you don't use. I have a house I'll be glad to get rid of when our daughter goes off to college. A dining room and formal living room go unused save for 3 or 4 days a year. It already sounds like you'll avoid this mistake.  Your question - the right time - when you are ready, with the downpayment, income, and desire to do so. You should at least have a feeling you plan to stay there for a time, else the cost of buying/selling would exceed any potential gain."
First, you need to understand that not  every investor's goals are the same. Some investors are investing for income. They want to invest in a profitable company and use the profit from the company as income. If that investor invests only in stocks that do not pay a dividend, the only way he can realize income is to sell his investment. But he can invest in companies that pay a regular dividend and use that income while keeping his investment intact.  Imagine this: Let's say I own a profitable company, and I offer to sell you part ownership in that company. However, I tell you this upfront: no matter how much profit our company makes, you will never get a penny from me. You will be getting a stock certificate - a piece of paper - and that's it. You can watch the company grow, and you can tell yourself you own it, but the only way you will personally benefit from your investment would be to sell your piece to someone else, who would also never see a penny in profit. Does that sound like a good investment? The fact of the matter is, stocks in companies that do not distribute dividends do have value, but this value is largely based on the potential of profits/dividends at some point in the future. If a company vows never ever to pay dividends, why would anyone invest?  An investment would be more of a donation (like Kickstarter) at that point.  A company that pays dividends is possibly past their growth stage. That doesn't necessarily mean that they have stopped growing altogether, but remember that an expansion project for any company does not automatically yield a good result. If a company does not have a good opportunity currently for a growth project, I as an investor would rather get a dividend than have the company blow all the profit on a ill-fated gamble.
Saneh Cool Care, since its beginning, is known for rendering deliberately executed support and repair administrations for business and mechanical ventilates. Window ventilation system, split AC, and tower AC, are diverse sorts of aeration and cooling systems for that we render upkeep and repair administrations at practical costs.
You'd have to pay a paralegal the first time, but perhaps the second time you wouldn't need to - because you're familiar with the process?  And you could of course, include the cost of seeking a legal remedy to a breech of contract to yours, that you make them sign.
"I considered the ""Prepaid Legal"", but instead tried the LegalZoom business legal plan, and found it to be very good. It doesn't have any ""Membership"" or ""New account"" fees, you pay each month for the month, and if you prepay for half a year or a year - they throw in a nice discount (15%). So far I'm subscribed for less than a month, and had 2 attorney consultations and a document review. Although they didn't tell me anything I didn't know already, seems to be very cost-effective considering most people don't have sufficient legal knowledge or the ability to research. It is, as @duffbeer703 mentioned, not an insurance, and if a legal matter arises that requires representation, their plan has almost no coverage, only discounts (as opposed to ""Prepaid legal"" plan that on the paper does have some representation). But to have 2-3 attorney consultations for $30 is definitely a bargain."
Full Height Swing Door Metal Cabinet suitable for office use is offered at S$219.00 inclusive of delivery and prevailing GST. Other metal cabinets offered includes 4 drawers filing cabinet at S$189.00 Nett, Metal Mobile Pedestal at S$149.00 Nett. Please call +65 62933113 or email: sales@lizo.com.sg for more details.
It is absolutely worth it.  My wife and I have two of these accounts (different banks).  We are required to use our cards 20 times for one bank, and 15 for the other.  We have yet to miss the required transactions in a month (over 15 months of use now), and are actually considering getting a third account.  Between the two of us, we simply have to use our card on average once a day. Getting gas? Use your debit card. Getting stamps? Use your debit card? Self checkout? Use your debit card twice. Eating out? Use your debit card. If married, split the bill. As soon as we reach the minimum, we stop using the debit cards and switch to credit cards to further boost the rewards.  Maybe it's easier for us since we don't have kids and are out a lot, but 12 transactions is really simple to obtain.  We receive ~$100 a month from our two accounts, all for doing something we already do.
Two possibilities:
"I have been in a very similar place like that before (as an intern) and got the hell out quickly.  Let me try to paint a picture.  On the 12th floor of a random NYC midtown building there will be a large office floor with long desks in several rows.  Around the outside against the windows will be maybe some empty conference rooms, random senior people you won't be allowed to talk to, and a poor, miserable compliance guy stuck in a backoffice somewhere.  Each desk will have a phone and a call sheet.  There wont be many computers anywhere - maybe one Bloomberg machine in the back.  Every single person in there is on the phone.  In fact, that will be your job.  Starting at 7:45 sharp, you will be at your desk.  At 8 oclock, you will start dialing the call sheet put on your desk.  If it is a bunch of residences, you will get angry house wives because their husbands are at work (dont ""pitch the bitch""). Next call, you will get someone that passed away 2 years ago - mark your sheet ""dead"" and cross out as you are dialing the next number.  If you manage to get someone that answers their own phone at work and listens to a pitch, you will now get the opportunity to give a grandiose pitch on why a mid market, dividend paying stock is fantastic and should be bought now.  ""Now"" as in you have to open a brokerage account on the first call for no less than a $5k trade.  You will pitch them on why they dont need to ask their wife, why you will bring them great ideas.  Ask them what is their net worth - have they ever hired a broker over the phone (qualify them) or get hung up on.  Anything short of them threatening to call the SEC and cursing you before hanging up means you will be sure to call them again (a prospect actually picking up the phone is about a 1 in 20 dial event)  People just slamming the phones on you? - Call them back for fun because you ""got disconnected"".    If you ever manage to get a client, you will be charging them enormous percentages and fees to do simple trades. But dont worry, you probably wont get a client in the first 2 months, and even if you manage to get clients it will be maybe one or two a month.  Think about the sheer volume of calls you have to make - 300 - 400 calls a day is probably a normal pace.   You will meet the most insane people.  People will go down for lunch or coffee and never return to the office.  Most of the people there you wonder how they ever passed a series 7.  There are people that fail the 7 3 times and quit.  There will be a guy that opens 10 accounts a month and actually will be talking with two phones up to his ears at once.          This is the definition of a high pressure sales job."
I, for one, am very surprised that Tesla doesn't have a warranty exception for high mileage commercial use.  Tesloop's cars rack up over 75000 miles per year at the low end.  Sure, the data collected is valuable for product durability testing and Autopilot mapping right now, but there has to be a limit somewhere.
Edgar Online is the SEC's reporting repository where public companies post their forms, these forms contain financial data Stock screeners allow you to compare many companies based on many financial metrics. Many sites have them, Google Finance has one with a decent amount of utility
Just moved to a new apartment. Lots of home good stuff on sale. Didn't really get anything that would make the heart sing, but I saved on some new dish towels and under shirts. That's good enough for me.
Here is a quick and dirty explanation of options. In a nutshell, you pay a certain amount to buy a contract that gives you the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell a stock at a predetermined price at some date in the future. They come in a few flavors:  I'll give you $100 if you let me buy 10,000 shares of XYZ for $10 more   per share than it is trading at today any time before   August 10th. I'll give you $100 if you promise to buy 10,000 shares of XYZ from me   for $10 less per share than it is trading at today if I ask before August 10th. There are also two main types based on the expiration behavior:  There are lots of strategies that employ options, too many to go into.  Two key uses are.. Leverage: Buying Call options can give you a much higher return on your investment than just investing in the actual stock. However, with much higher risk of losing all of your investment instead of just some of it when the stock drops. Hedging: If you already own the underlying stock, put options can be used to buy down risk of serious drops in a holding.
"The balance sheet for a bank is the list of assets and liabilities that the bank directly is responsible for.  This would be things like loans the bank issues and accounts with the bank. Banks can make both ""balance sheet"" loans, meaning a loan that says on the balance sheet - one the bank gains the profits from but holds the risks for also.  They can also make ""off balance sheet"" loans, meaning they securitize the loan (sell it off, such as the mortgage backed securities). Most major banks, i.e. Chase, Citibank, etc., could be called ""balance sheet"" banks because at least some portion of their lending comes from their balance sheet.  Not 100% by any means, they participate in the security swaps extensively just like everyone does, but they do at least some normal, boring lending just as you would explain a bank to a five year old.  Bank takes in deposits from account holders, loans that money out to people who want to buy homes or start businesses. However, some (particularly smaller) firms don't work this way - they don't take responsibility for the money or the loans.  They instead ""manage assets"" or some similar term. I think of it like the difference between Wal-Mart and a consignment store.  Wal-Mart buys things from its distributors, and sells them, taking the risk (of the item not selling) and the reward (of the profit from selling) to itself.  On the other hand, a consignment store takes on neither: it takes a flat fee to host your items in its store, but takes no risk (you own the items) nor the majority of the profit. In this case, Mischler Financial Group is not a bank per se - they don't have accounts; they manage funds, instead.  Note the following statement on their Services page for example: Mischler Financial Group holds no risk positions and no unwanted inventory of securities, which preserves the integrity of our capital and assures our clients that we will be able to obtain bids and offers for them regardless of adverse market conditions. They're not taking your money and then making their own investments; they're advising you how to invest your money, or they're helping do it for you, but it's your money going out and your risk (and reward)."
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/greed using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/greed/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!**  \#1: [Donald Trump set to completely scrap US consumer protection agency, says man expected to lead it - Former Texan Congressman says his Republican colleagues want the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to be completely dismantled • r/CornbreadLiberals](https://np.reddit.com/r/CornbreadLiberals/comments/5zix4u/donald_trump_set_to_completely_scrap_us_consumer/) | [2 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/greed/comments/5zixub/donald_trump_set_to_completely_scrap_us_consumer/)   \#2: [GOP lawmakers snap up surging health insurance stocks as they gut Obamacare](https://boingboing.net/2017/07/08/the-stock-act.html) | [0 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/greed/comments/6m8t10/gop_lawmakers_snap_up_surging_health_insurance/)   \#3: [Wells Fargo fired 5,300 workers for illegal sales push. Executive in charge retiring with $125 million.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/09/13/wells-fargo-fired-5300-workers-for-illegal-sales-push-executive-in-charge-retiring-with-125-million/) | [4 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/greed/comments/52kbr8/wells_fargo_fired_5300_workers_for_illegal_sales/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)
Nice work saving. If you do find yourself in a relationship or with children, you'll be glad you saved now; family members increase the expenses ;-) Some observations large and small, no conclusions, I bet it would be awesome to do the world travel and the startup, and get a ton out of those. The money you've saved gives you the freedom to do all that great stuff that matters.
From MyFICO: A foreclosure remains on your credit report for 7 years, but its impact to your FICO® score will lessen over time. While a foreclosure is considered a very negative event by your FICO score, it's a common misconception that it will ruin your score for a very long time. In fact, if you keep all of your other credit obligations in good standing, your FICO score can begin to rebound in as little as 2 years. The important thing to keep in mind is that a foreclosure is a single negative item, and if you keep this item isolated, it will be much less damaging to your FICO score than if you had a foreclosure in addition to defaulting on other credit obligations. (personal note - I tip my hat to you, sir. Regardless of party, we owe our Vets a debt of gratitude. If I had my way, a VA loan would ignore the past short sale. I wish you well. And thank you for serving)
I am close to retirement and sell cash secured puts and covered calls on a regular basis.  I make 15 % plus per year from the puts.  Less risky than buying stocks, which I also do.  Riskier than bonds, but several times the income. Example:  I owned 4,000 shares of XYZ, which I bought last year at 6.50 and was at 7.70 two months ago.  I sold 3,000 shares, sold 10 Dec puts @ 7.50 (1,000 shares) for $.90 per share and sold 10 Dec calls at 10.00 for $.20.  Now I had cash from the sale of 3,000 shares ($23,100) plus $900 cash from the sale of the puts, plus $200 cash from the sale of the calls.  Price is now at 6.25.  Had I held the 4,000 shares, I would be down $5,800 from when it was 7.70. Instead, I am down $1,450 from the held 1,000 shares, down $550 on the put and up $200 on the calls.  So down $1,800 instead of down $5,800.  I began buying XYZ back at 6.25 today.
Yes there will be enough liquidity to sell your position barring some sort of Flash Crash anomaly. Volume generally rises on the day of expiration to increase this liquidity. Don't forget that there are many investment strategies--buying to cover a short position is closing out a trade similar to your case.
I like Home Depot's exclusive products.  Amazon doesn't have them and if they do, they're a huge mark up.  I guess it's your choice to overpay by hundreds of dollars because one time a support rep stroked your ego.
Normally, except this is 160 characters or less. Twitter is basically free public SMS, not that dissimilar to WhatsApp. Except WhatsApp has an annual fee, and twitter is free. And twitter makes money... How? See, Facebook is a huge platform that wants to know everything about everyone which is extremely valuable to marketers. I can't tick a button on Facebook, or like a post, without it affecting the ads. But twitter? No ads. No marketing information... Hence as a business, the concept is fantastic but revenue poor. If I was them, I most likely would have accepted the $500 million dollar offer from Facebook, as they have the Information and the money that twitter doesn't have, and probably never will.
"Actually I think the TL;DR is ""Don't rush to fill a position out of desperation, wait for someone who's the right fit. Hiring the wrong person quickly is way more costly than waiting.""  It is a click-baity title, but I think the most glaring offense for me is actually the idea that they're glorifying someone who's personally interviewed every person at the company, which incidentally is only 70 people. For as many people out there that think this is an amazing feat of entrepreneurism - really getting in there with his hands on even the fine grained details - you can find just as many people who will think this is quaint and know it won't scale.  When he's at 500 or 1000 employees is his time really best spent doing this?  I actually think the diversity you'd get by allowing a team freedom to hire after a certain point would be more beneficial provided they have a grasp on corporate culture."
"Wait, are you telling me that some guy is pushing a bill that would ENHANCE transparency in business and make it harder for the ""job creators"" to get away with fraud? Well i guess we know which way the republicans are going to be voting... The conservatives will be voting against such ""government overreach"""
"&gt; these casual chains blame Millennials.   Generation X here.  I mentioned it in another comment, but I last went to BWW a few years ago and had a lunch ""special.""  It wasn't so special.  I don't remember exactly what it was, but the meal was something like 90% bread.  Like a hamburger with a bun that was too big and a bunch of breadsticks.  All of it sucked.  Then it was like $15 with tax and tip.  Just a horrendously bad deal.  The buffets in town are around $10-$11 and you can actually get a bunch of protein and a salad.  Mom and pop restaurants have $6-$8 lunch specials that are pretty good and end up $5 less than BWW.  It's not a generational thing.  When you serve a shit product that costs $5 more than *better* products, you're going to lose customers.  Is it really so difficult to see that?"
There will still be jobs that require a human, we don't have the technology to develop or build anything close to the human brain and body.    &gt;or will there be some lag time?  I think there will be some lag time which would be painful. I think technology changes way faster than a labor force can change skills.   It's why I believe that we need to continue to make investments into education, help make it more affordable and reform the education system so people can explore their potential/creativity/go at their own pace rather than teaching to the test and herding everyone along.    I believe I greatly benefited by being placed into a education program that allowed students to explore their potential. A teacher I had in elementary school thought I would be a good candidate for the program and I tested into it. The State of Oregon operates a [TAG](http://www.ode.state.or.us/search/page/?id=2321) (Talented and Gifted) program and this program helped a lot.
Depends on your definition of value. Tulips don't carry much value, but their price sure was driven up. It was speculation on the future price tag that lead to the bubble. You might suggest there is actual value in bitcoin. I'd suggest that its a nonproductive asset, and that its held more dear than other identically valuable cryptos, which points to speculation.
Those are valid criticisms. But Uber has revolutionised a market that was desperately needing it, and – without excusing Uber's actions – in many places the corruption around taxis makes today's Uber look clean as a whistle in comparison, while also delivering a phenomenal service to consumers.  These are also things that haven't necessarily been put in front of people, especially not until the last few months. Right now there are very few other companies doing this so well in the eyes of the consumer but I'm sure when there is more competition, ethical concerns will be more visible. At this point, with some exceptions, most Uber users literally cannot get the same level of service from anyone else even if they paid three times as much.
I agree that there is a lot of filtering going on. I run filters for people's blogs and news sites I rarely read. The caveat is that I unblock sites I use frequently, and pay for YouTube Red, music streaming and Patreon to support content creators that I enjoy. This, to me, is an issue of the ad targeting not being mature enough yet. Once companies figure out that I'm responsive to ads on certain sites but will blacklist others that do the same, they can selectively serve ads on platforms I'm more likely to engage with. In the meantime the shotgun approach is what advertisers go for.   The future is really in honing how and when these ads are delivered, as well as offering more widespread alternatives to ads, such as subscription services.  For what its worth, I also run noscript. I've had ISPs in the past that had data caps, and given how much data I already use via streaming and Steam, I need every spare Mb I can get.
"&gt; Except that I check my balance 3 times a day and keep track not only where I'm at but also where i should be. I like numbers.   Q.E.D.  You're not ""balancing"" anything... hell, if you're ""checking your balance"" online 3x a day, you're not even ""remembering"" what you spent."
Silvrback is a nonconformist blogging platform for people who want something different for their blogging needs. If you want a platform that will let you do things the way you want without many distractions then Silvrback is for you. It is best platform for programmers as well for others too. Enjoy the features that are not too hard to understand and they do not distract you from your main goal.
Sure there is expense, however anyone who raises their kids even with the hint of frugality will never come close to their base numbers.    My wife and I both worked before three having kids and at least for us the outgoing costs pretty much the same as the money spent without kids.  How, you say?  Because you budget on what you make.  What changes when you have kids is your lifestyle and how you spend your money.  Bar tab = diapers, weekend getaways = 1 big disney vaction,  convertible = minivan, etc.    There is an opportunity cost, but according to these folks they seem to be assuming you are spending money you are normally saving on kids, when in truth you would have more than likely spent it on yourself.
Inugo isn’t just good news for motorists. Public and private carpark owners can also benefit by becoming an Inugo Operator and make use of the unique cloud software, the ‘Operator Portal’, that allows carpark owners to manage their own parking sites 24/7. For the first time, carpark owners can easily configure their own parking sites, receive real-time analytics and monitoring.
Convert the money into United States Dollars,  put it in an NRE account in India and get 5% per annum for the USD.
I was only able to find Maryland form 1 to fit your question, so I'll assume you're referring to this form. Note the requirement: Generally all tangible personal property owned, leased, consigned or   used by the business and located within the State of Maryland on   January 1, 201 must be reported. Software license (whether time limited or not, i.e.: what you consider as rental vs purchase) is not tangible property, same goes to the license for the course materials. Note, with digital media - you don't own the content, you merely paid for the license to use it. Design books may be reportable as personal tangible property, and from your list that's the only thing I think should be reported. However, having never stepped a foot in Maryland and having never seen (or even heard of) this ridiculous form before, I'd suggest you verify my humble opinion with a tax adviser (EA/CPA) licensed in the State of Maryland to confirm my understanding of this form.
What were her/his career aspirations when he was your age? Who were his/her mentors/sponsors and how did they impact his success?  What industry changes does he/she anticipate in the next five years?  In what ways will technology alter the industry?
"Did you even read the article?  These were people who went into the store and did this in person.  there are no ""orders"" to cancel.  As for invalidating the cards, again, the article stated that many people took the Target gift cards and used them to buy Amex and Visa gift cards.    tl;dr **RTFA**"
I guarantee you that this won't put a kabosh on the problem for all of retail. I work in a specialty cheese shop located inside a grocery store. For most cheeses, we tag pieces that are cut off of a wheel for 30 days. This is not a use-by date, in any way. This is simply a good estimate for how long it will *look* fresh. The actual use by date varies by cheese, and is typically several *weeks* later then the date you'll see on the label (longest being about a month). Fact is that most customers just don't buy product that doesn't look damn perfect, and a piece of cheese simply looks worse after 30 days of sitting under display lights (bleaching) and being handled every day. For packaged Nestle shit this will work fine, but for fresh cut or specialty items? Nah. Y'all just won't buy it.
At least with US tax law where you only pay taxes at the higher rate for the income above the minimum for that tax bracket, you will always wind up ahead taking the raise if you are simply concerned with after tax (FICA) income.  For example, assume you were making $8,350 (the top end of the 10% bracket in the US), and got a $100 raise, you would be taxed roughly as follows: After Tax Income Before Raise: $8,350 x (100% - 10%) After Tax Income After Raise: $8,350 x (100%-10%) +  $100 x (100%-15%) You can easily see that the second number is always higher than the first as long as the raise is a positive amount (obviously).
I don't see why people always boast about fox having higher ratings while griping that they're the only one of the big national cable names that's friendly to the Republicans and hard on Democrats.  Shouldn't it be a given that they'll have higher ratings in that situation? They pander to their base while the other stations have to split one between them.
Step back and take a deep breath. Pay your mortgage. repeat 1 and 2 monthly until equity > mortgage.
The advice above is generally good, but the one catch I haven't seen addressed is which specific laws apply.  You said that you are in Arkansas, but the dealer is in Texas.  This means that the laws of at least two different states are in play, possibly three if the contract contains a clause stating that disputes will be handled in a certain jurisdiction, and you are going to have to do some research to figure out what actually applies.   One thing that may significantly impact this issue is whether you were in TX or AR when you signed the contracts.  If you borrowed the money in TX, and the lender is in TX, then it is almost certain that the laws of Texas will govern.  However, if you were living in AR at the time you acquired the loan, particularly if you were in AR when you signed the papers, you have a decent case for claiming that the laws of Arkansas govern.  I don't know enough about either state to know if one is more favorable to the consumer than the other, but it is a question you really want to have answered.  That said, I would be shocked if any state did not have provisions requiring the lender to provide a copy of the terms and a detailed statement of the account and transaction history upon request.  Spend some time on the web site of the Texas attorney general and/or legislator (because that is where the lender is, they are more likely to respect Texas law) to see if you can track down any specific laws or codes that you can reference.  You might also look into the federal consumer protection laws, though I can't think of one off hand that would apply in the scenario you have described.   Then work on putting together a letter asking them to provide a copy of the contract and a full history of the account.  As others noted, make sure you send it certified/return receipt, or better yet use a private carrier such as fedex, and check the box about requiring a signature. Above all you need to get the dialog transferred to a written form.  I can not stress this point enough.  Everything you tell them or ask for from here out needs to be done in a written format.  If they call you about anything, tell them you want to see their issue/offer in writing before you will consider it. You do not necessarily need a lawyer to do any of this, but you do need to know the applicable laws.  Do the research to know what your legal standing is.  Involve a lawyer if you feel you need to, but I have successfully battled several large utility companies and collection agencies into behaving without needing one.
Well to start with I would make sure that the interest total you are collecting each month is greater than the interest total you are paying each month on your credit card debt.  So if you have $200 a month in interest you pay the credit card company I would make sure that the interest you collect on the loan is more than $200 a month.  And make sure that you use some portion of the principle payment to pay down the credit card debt so that you are still even or ahead of the interest you owe the credit card company. Beyond that I would want the rate to be higher than the borrower could expect from a bank.  This will incentivize the borrower to either pay it off early or refinance the loan through a bank effectively paying it off early for you.  Anything that shifts the risk off of you and onto someone else is in your favor here. You could also implement some sort of final payment fee and reduce this fee by a certain amount (presumably up to 100%) if it is paid off early.  I would graduate that amount so there is still incentive if the buyer misses the original date but still incentive to meet the date.  If the loan was for 10 years then I would probably do around .5% per year early.   I would also get an attorney to draw up the loan paperwork to make sure that you(and potentially your heirs) are covered should you need to recover from a default, bankruptcy, or other potential problems.  I would bet the lawyer fees will save you 5x+ the amount if only in headaches.  And if you are dealing with family the lawyer makes a great fall guy to say I wish I could do that but the lawyer won't let me if the family member tries to take advantage.
The only thing keeping me subscribed to cable TV is sports. I don't want to have to go to a bar to just casually watch a game (NFL, MLB, NBA, EPL) and it's awesome watching it in HD. What do you guys do for sports? Do you just subscribe to the internet packages for each?
What is tax slavery? Most impacted by higher taxes can afford to put them in off shore accounts.   This going to hurt the economy because businesses aren't going to higher more people. Trickle down economics consistently fails.  You'll have a bunch of owners saving the profits instead of giving the jobs because most of them are already operating efficiently.  Especially in a state where menial labor is the most common form.  Tax Slavery is a bullshit term to justify the rich robbing the government of their due while being able to benefit from the clout that comes with being American.
&gt;It is well known that the US entered an unprecedented depression after its unprecedented borrowing during World War 2.  Yeah, just ignore ALL of the differences between the world *then* (devastated and destroyed factories &amp; cities all over Europe and Asia) and the world *now*.  Ignorance... it's what's for dinner!
It would be difficult, but it's a statistical task, and you'd need to refer to a competent statistician to really get a sense of what sort of certainty could be derived from the available data.  I believe that you'd start by looking over your state-by-state data on a granular level to try to find if there was any persistent correlation between Amazon's market penetration in a particular area and employment data from the retail industry.  With regards to Ma &amp; Pa's complaint, you're sort of wrong and sort of right.  Obviously they have no direct knowledge that online retail was responsible for the decline in sales that they saw.  In terms of sustainability and mismanagement, however, they can show you their books.  If the business had been established from some time it would be easy to see whether it had indeed been a sustainable business model in prior years.  Sustainability and mismanagement, however, are Scotsmen when it comes to reasoning about causes.  In measuring the effect of Amazon's entry into the market on local businesses, we can just as easily use a model that assumes a perfect market, that inefficiencies on the part of Ma^1 &amp; Pa^1 would lead them to be displaced by Ma^2 &amp; Pa^2, and that on average Ma^x &amp; Pa^x manage their business sufficiently well to extract an optimal return on effort.    If circumstances are such that the role of vendor is not fungible, and the supply of Mas and Pas does not respond to the demand for family stores, then I don't actually know how to do the math, but on the other hand I do recognize a smoking gun.
I think you're missing the point. We all have things we are good at and we all have styles we like to do it in. Was Bach's skills nature or nurture, I think we can assume both. If he had the same nurture in a different time period where a different form of music was dominant would he have found as much success? We can't truly know, but perhaps, perhaps not. If his childhood was different, if his parents were different, would he even have been a musician or a composer? Again, perhaps, perhaps not. Luck is how our parents raised us, the teachers we get in school, the friends we make, how our peers treat us, the year we were born, the random events of our lives, and so much more.   To some degree we make our own luck, yes, but to suggest that we all are dealt the same hand to play with or that all hands are equal is lunacy.
This is a fantastic post, and it reminds me a lot of [this radio show from Planet Money and This American Life](http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/423/the-invention-of-money) which anyone who's interested in learning a little more about this or needs another explanation should definitely look into.
gnasher729's answer is fundamentally correct and deserves the checkmark, but I'd like to give an economic explanation for how this economically functions. The key point from gnasher729's answer's that the interest rate is 49.9% for one company. While this may be much higher than the equilibrium rate, the true market interest rate, it is not completely unreasonable because of the risk. For credit to be continually produced, default risk must be compensated because this is a cost to the lender.  Most are not in business to lose money, so making loans to borrowers that default 40% of the time would make this interest rate reasonable. For UK citizens, this would not be such a problem because the lender can usually pursue the borrower for the balance, but if the borrower can disavow the loan and leave the legal reach of the UK creditors, the collection rate is 0%. The guarantee by the foreign persons not present in the UK is incidental and probably more of a regulatory requirement since the inability to collect from them is just as unlikely. One should always look for the lowest price with at least minimum quality when shopping for anything, but you are right to be apprehensive legally.  Read every line and be sure that you yourself understand every clause before signing. If alternative cheaper financing is available, it is probably superior.
Former pension/retirement/401(k) administrator here.  1.  If you don't want to bother with maintaining your own investments, you can 'roll-over' your existing 401(k) into *your new company's 401(k) plan*.  Then you will choose your investments in the new plan, you will be 100% vested in 'rollover account'.  2.  If you want control over your own investments (recommended!) you can roll over your existing 401(k) into an IRA (Individual Retirement Account).  Then *your entire account* will go into your new IRA.  3.  You can take part, or all, of your existing account as cash, paid directly to you.  Note that this will trigger *20% mandatory Federal Withholding* on whatever goes straight to you.  So some of your money is going to the IRS.
It wasn't just a mortgage crisis. It was debit crisis. Everyone was impacted. If you want to focus of just the housing market, people who owned a home and had a steady job with equity in the house didn't get hit as hard as others because they had time to wait for the rebound. People who put down 3% on a home they couldn't afford with a unsteady job are probably still not recovered and never will be.
Because people should not be discriminated against in the work place because of their politics, religion, gender, race, sexual orientation, etc. Frankly, Im alarmed that this tenant of democracy is being disputed. I dont want to live in a democracy where people have to have two sets of political beliefs. One they put forth to appease their employer and the other they keep secret.
Yeah. Definitely fast food enemies. The only fries I like better than Arby's are McDonalds' fries. So tasty! I will admit that the burgers there are not great, but do love to grab a bundle of the little cheap ones. They're basically just ketchup/cheese sandwiches on buns. And the McChicken is great too, especially the new one with Cheddar and Onions on top.  As to horsey sauce, it is a horseradish mayonnaise blend. Mmmmm. I am sorry for your food poisoning. Arby's is a franchise-based model, so the quality can vary a lot.
"&gt; When you only other choice is OR DIE, it's pretty much slavery. Getting to choose your master, oh I'm sorry, ""career path"" is just mincing words.  What do you think would happen if there were no other humans around? You'd have to work or die.  &gt; You have no choice but to work for somebody to sustain yourself. You can't leave society and go your own way; All land is owned in some form or another and to do so is illegal. ergo, you have no real choices and you are beholden to a system with the illusion of freedom.  That's basically true, except there are giant areas of forest in the US or in Canada that you could live in, if you really want to ditch the comforts of society.  &gt; But you are anything but free.  I can't say I disagree with you there. The amount of regulations and licensing that it takes to do anything in the US is insane.   &gt; Look up the term wage slavery.  Haha, I'm familiar with this term  &gt; Honestly, old time slaves may have actually had it better than what we have today. At least the master was obligated to take care of his slaves and provide food, shelter, and medical care as his slaves were his investment in labor.  I see what you're getting at, but you're wrong. It's pretty easy to type that from in front of a computer screen without someone dragging you out to the fields for 14 hours a day to bend over and pick cotton in the hot sun.  &gt; Today, the slaves have to fend for themselves. They need to purchase housing, education (modern day slaves have to secure their own training before they can become adequate servants), and healthcare.  You have a really twisted view of what slavery is. I mean, I get that you're doing it semi-tongue in cheek, but it's coming of very /r/im14andthisisdeep.  Here, I'll use your terminology: ""Moder day slaves"" get to live in their own house that they paid for with the money that they earned from their consensual slavery. Thanks to capitalism, even without health insurance, they still have access to insanely higher level of healthcare than slaves in the confederate south. Even just the ability to look up and treat a problem on their own.  I left out the education part because if you think slaves in america were educated, well... maybe you are a slave.  &gt; The masters sure have it good these days, they don't even have to put forth any of the effort their predecessors did.  Yea, it takes zero effort to write a business plan, secure investments, manage a team and bring a vision into the world. That's why everybody does it.  &gt; And the best part? They can just dump them whenever they see fit. Let the servants worry about their own upkeep! After all, there is always a nice surplus of fresh up and coming laborers!  I wouldn't want to force someone to keep another person employed any more than I'd want to force that person to be employed.  &gt; *citation Needed*  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPH4jl5kGp4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLc7VCznliU"
I wanted to know that what if the remaining 40% of 60% in a LTV (Loan to Value ratio ) for buying a home is not paid but the borrower only wants to get 60% of the total amount of home loan that is being provided by lending company. Generally, A lending company {say Bank] will not part with their funds unless you first pay your portion of the funds. This is essentially to safeguard their interest. Let's say they pay the 60% [either to you or to the seller]; The title is still with Seller as full payment is not made. Now if you default, the Bank has no recourse against the seller [who still owns the title] and you are not paying. Some Banks may allow a schedule where the 60/40 may be applied to every payment made. This would be case to case basis. The deal could be done with only paying 20% in the beginning to the buyer and then I have to pay EMI's of $7451.  The lending company is offering you 1.1 million assuming that you are paying 700K and the title will be yours. This would safeguard the Banks interest. Now if you default, the Bank can take possession of the house and recover the funds, a distress sale may be mean the house goes for less than 1.8 M; say for 1.4 million. The Bank would take back the 1.1 million plus interest and other closing costs. So if you can close the deal by paying only 20%, Bank would ask you to close this first and then lend you any money. This way if you are not able to pay the balance as per the deal agreement, you would be in loss and not the Bank.
If this is your money, and if you can - if asked - prove that you legally made it, there is no limit. You pay taxes on your income, so sending it into the world is tax free. Your citizenship is not relevant for that.
I omitted Germany and France because they are in fact doing well.  But I am not going to say someone is healthy just because their lungs are fine but they are suffering from stomach cancer.  Finland and Denmark can not be compared to the US in any meaningful way as most of our states have higher populations than their entire country.  Hell, we have cities that have a higher population than their entire country.
"&gt; all we need to do is show that such a thought process is theoretically sound in order to throw that premise into serious question  Not really.  You're splitting hairs.  If you want to suggest that Wall Street enjoys tax paying, the onus is on you.  &gt; But if the actuaries can't figure out a way to do it, then wouldn't that be cause to reevaluate the blind faith many people place in markets?  I feel like I'm a freshman in college again.  There are *plenty* of examples of market failures.  The temptation is to say that merely because there *is* a market failure, that therefore control by means of bureaucrats is necessary, without considering whether there is also a bureaucratic failure or whether the possibility of failure is as high as the original market scenario.  A power plant causes pollution, leading to reduced air quality and quality of life for the surrounding population.  This is a problem!  The power plant is imposing a cost on me and I deserve to be compensated.  ""Therefore, bureaucrats!""  Fine.  But now you've shifted the problem from simply compensating for pollution to figuring out how on earth to do it fairly.  And you've introduced a means for abuse of the system, incentivizing people to live closer to the problem or claim damages they don't have.  Power plants still require a profit to operate, so costs will rise.  We're now charging people more money to go to the company to then go back to the people with the additional inefficiency of a government watch group.  Is the original scenario a problem?  Absolutely.  It's a failure of the free market to correctly provide according to individual's rights since everyone's air is collectively polluted.  Is the alternative better?  I don't know.  It's certainly more complicated.  &gt; which is an asinine thing to do if you're concerned with actually changing the system  Why do you think this, exactly?  I agree with you, but I'm curious if we agree for the same reasons.  I agree for the same reason I don't give my alcoholic family members any money at the end of the month."
I do all of my living at work, that way I don't miss out on any money! As soon as I step out the door I walk next door, where I live, and go to sleep, till I go back in the next morning. No lost opportunities for THIS fella!
You can invest more that 20,000 in Infrastructure bonds, however the tax benefit is only on 20,000. Further the interest earned is taxable. The best guaranteed post tax returns is on PPF. So invest a substantial sum in this. As your age group low you can afford to take risk and hence could also look at investing in ELSS [Mutual Fund].   A note on each of these investments:  LIC: If you have taken any of the endowment / Money Back plan, remember the returns are very low around 5-6%. It would make more sense to buy a pure term plan at fraction of the cost and invest the remaining premium into even PPF or FD that would give you more return.  NSC/Postal Savings: They are a good option, however the interest is taxable. There is a locking of 6 years.  PPF: The locking is large 15 years although one can do partial withdrawals after 7 years. The interest is not taxable.  ULIP: These are market linked plans with Insurance and balance invested into markets. The charges for initial few years is quite high, plus the returns are not comparable to the normal Mutual Funds. Invest in this only if one needs less paper and doesn't want to track things separately.  ELSS/Mutual Fund: These offer good market returns, but there is a risk of market. As you are young you can afford to take the risk. Most of the ELSS have given average results that are still higher than FD or PPF.  Pension Plan: This is a good way to accumulate for retirement. Invest some small amount in this and do not take any insurance on it. Go for pure equity as you can still take the risk. This ensures that you have a kit for retirement. Check out the terms and conditions as to how you need to purchase annuity at the term end etc.
Probably keeping in his back pocket. Is it possible releasing Fannie and Freddie from conservatorship would kill Obamacare? Mnuchin has stated that the funds from the NWS are used to pay for it. Maybe Trump is keeping it as a last ditch, to use if Republicans can't repeal?
Are there any IRS regulations I should be aware of when sending money to India? None. As long as you are following the standard banking channels. You are also declaring all the accounts held outside US in your tax returns. FBAR. Is it legal to do so?  Yes it is legal. do I have to declare how much I am investing and pay extra taxes? As part of FBAR. Income earned [including interest, capital gains, etc] needs to be paid in India [there are some exemptions for example interest on NRE accounts] as well as in the US [relief can be claimed under DTAA Indian version here and US here]. So if you already have paid taxes on salary and say transfer USD 10K to India; there is no tax on this 10K. If this 10K generates an income of say 2K; this 2K is taxable as per normal classification and rules.
It's a practical, marketable major. If that's what you want to do, go for it. Regardless of the major you choose, the best jobs will be competitive. Some majors are total shit, finance is not one of them. Good luck!
This is Rob Bennett, the fellow who developed the Valuation-Informed Indexing strategy and the fellow who is discussed in the comment above. The facts stated in that comment are accurate -- I went to a zero stock allocation in the Summer of 1996 because of my belief in Robert Shiller's research showing that valuations affect long-term returns. The conclusion stated, that I have said that I do not myself follow the strategy, is of course silly. If I believe in it, why wouldn't I follow it? It's true that this is a long-term strategy. That's by design. I see that as a benefit, not a bad thing. It's certainly true that VII presumes that the Efficient Market Theory is invalid. If I thought that the market were efficient, I would endorse Buy-and-Hold. All of the conventional investing advice of recent decades follows logically from a belief in the Efficient Market Theory. The only problem I have with that advice is that Shiller's research discredits the Efficient Market Theory. There is no one stock allocation that everyone following a VII strategy should adopt any more than there is any one stock allocation that everyone following a Buy-and-Hold strategy should adopt. My personal circumstances have called for a zero stock allocation. But I generally recommend that the typical middle-class investor go with a 20 percent stock allocation even at times when stock prices are insanely high. You have to make adjustments for your personal financial circumstances. It is certainly fair to say that it is strange that stock prices have remained insanely high for so long. What people are missing is that we have never before had claims that Buy-and-Hold strategies are supported by academic research. Those claims caused the biggest bull market in history and it will take some time for the widespread belief in such claims to diminish. We are in the process of seeing that happen today.  The good news is that, once there is a consensus that Buy-and-Hold can never work, we will likely have the greatest period of economic growth in U.S. history. The power of academic research has been used to support Buy-and-Hold for decades now because of the widespread belief that the market is efficient. Turn that around and investors will possess a stronger belief in the need to practice long-term market timing than they have ever possessed before. In that sort of environment, both bull markets and bear markets become logical impossibilities. Emotional extremes in one direction beget emotional extremes in the other direction. The stock market has been more emotional in the past 16 years than it has ever been in any earlier time (this is evidenced by the wild P/E10 numbers that have applied for that entire time-period). Now that we are seeing the losses that follow from investing in highly emotional ways, we may see rational strategies becoming exceptionally popular for an exceptionally long period of time. I certainly hope so! The comment above that this will not work for individual stocks is correct. This works only for those investing in indexes. The academic research shows that there has never yet in 140 years of data been a time when Valuation-Informed Indexing has not provided far higher long-term returns at greatly diminished risk. But VII is not a strategy designed for stock pickers. There is no reason to believe that it would work for stock pickers. Thanks much for giving this new investing strategy some thought and consideration and for inviting comments that help investors to understand both points of view about it. Rob
Now, you can save your money with the best service in the greater West Palm Beach Escape Rooms. Our team corporate with every customer. We have a different puzzle activity to solve that with a clue. These escape games are very challenging and will require every ounce of creativity you possess. It is the best place and secure for the couple who wants to get benefits with corporate events west palm beach. The West Palm Beach Escape Rooms are one of the most exclusive areas in the Florida and it is a perfect balance between fun and adventure with dashes of interesting facts along the way.
An ironic one is hoe Microsoft became to large in the first place. Gates bought DOS and then improved on the technology, while making it more accessible. This is what led to the huge market share difference between Microsoft and Apple prior to the ipod/iPhone era
"TLDR:  You will probably need to move to a different employer to get the raise you want/need/deserve. Some employers, in the US, punish longevity through a number of practices.  My wife worked as a nurse for about 20 years.  During that time she had many employers, leveraging raises with job changes.  She quit nursing about 6 years ago and was being paid $38/hour at the time.  She had a friend that worked in the same system for 18 years.  They had the same position in the same hospital that friend's current rate of pay:  $26/hour.  You probably don't want to be that person. Given your Stack Overflow participation, I would assume you are some type of web developer.  I would recommend updating your resume, and moving for a 20% increase or more.  You'll get it as it is a great time to be a web developer.  Spending on IT tends to go in cycles, and right now budgets are very healthy for hiring new talent.   While your current company might not have enough money in the budget to give you a raise, they would not hesitate hiring someone with your skills at 95K if they had an opening.  Its common, but frustrating to all that are involved except the bean counters that looks at people like us as commodities.   Think about this:  both sides of the table agree that you deserve a 5K raise.  But lets say next year only 3k is in the budget.   So you are out the 5k you should have been given this year, plus the 2k that you won't get, plus whatever raise was fair for you next year.  That is a lot of money!  Time to go! Don't bother on holding onto any illusions of a counter offer by your current employer.  There will be too much resentment.  Shake the dust off your feet and move on.    Edit: Some naysayers will cite short work histories as problems for future employment.  It could happen in a small number of shops, but short work histories are common in technology that recruiters rarely bat an eye.  If they do, as with any objection, it is up to you to sell yourself.  In Cracking the Code Interview the author cites that no one is really expecting you to stay beyond 5 years.   Something like this would work just fine:  ""I left Acme because there were indications of poor financial health.  Given the hot market at the time I was able to find a new position without the worry of pending layoffs.""  If you are a contractor six month assignments are the norm.  Also many technology resumes have overlapping assignments.  Its what happens when someone is in demand."
In terms of gameplay and experience, I don't agree.  The Wii with the Wii remotes were innovative imo, with the right IP to back it up: Zelda, Mario, etc.  While that was a main feature of the console, Kinect, eye toy, and even now VR are add-ons.
"If you are just barely scraping by on your current income, then you shouldn't be thinking about buying a car or house unless you can present (at least to yourself) clear evidence that doing so will actually lower your monthly expenses. Yes, there are times when even buying depreciating assets such as a car can lower your expenses, but you need to think hard about whether that is the case or if it is just something you want to get because you feel you ""should"". Remember the old adage that rich people buy themselves income streams (investments that either earn money or reduce expenses), while poor people buy expenses. If you are in the situation of barely scraping by on your current income, then the first step in my mind is to find out exactly what you are spending your money on (do this for a month or two, and then try to include non-regular or rarely-occuring bills such as subscriptions, insurance, perhaps utilities, and so on). Once you know where your money is going right now, outline that in a budget. At this point, you aren't judging your spending, but rather simply looking at the facts. Once you have a decent idea of where your money is going, only then try to think about what you can cut back on. Some things will be easier than others to change (it's much easier to cancel a premium TV channels package than to move to cheaper living quarters, for example, although in some cases simply picking the low-hanging fruit alone won't help you). Make a revised budget for the next month based on the new numbers, and try to live by it. Keep writing down what you actually spend your money on, then rinse and repeat. (Of course, you can make a budget for whatever period of time works for you; if you get paid every two weeks, budgeting per two weeks might be easier than budgeting per month.) The bottom line is that a budget is useless without a follow-up process to see how well your spending actually matches the budgeted amounts, so you need to spend some time following up on it and making adjustments. No budget will ever match reality exactly; think of the budget as a map, not a footstep-by-footstep guide for getting from A to B. When you find some wiggle room in your budget (for example, let's say you decide to cancel the premium TV channels package you got some time ago because it turns out you aren't watching much TV anyway), don't put that money into a ""discretionary spending"" category. There is an old rule in personal finance that says pay yourself first. If you are able to find $5/month of wiggle room, put it into savings of some kind. If you are unsure what kind of savings vehicle you should use, I'd suggest starting off with a simple savings account; it certainly won't earn you a great return (you'll be lucky if you can keep up with inflation), but it will get you into the habit of saving which at this point is a lot more important. And make that savings transfer as soon as the money hits your account. If you can, get the depositor to put a portion of your income directly into the savings account; if you cannot, make the transfer yourself immediately afterwards. And try to force yourself to live with the money that's left, not touching the savings account. Ideally, you should save a decent fraction of your income - I've seen figures everywhere from 10% to 25% of your after-tax income recommended by various people - and start out by budgeting that to savings and then working with whatever is left. In practice, saving anything and putting the money anywhere is much better than saving nothing. Just make sure that the savings are liquid (easy to convert to cash and withdraw without a penalty, should the need arise), set up a regular bank transfer for whatever amount you can find in that budget, and try to forget about it until you get the bank statement for the savings account and get that warm, fuzzy feeling for actually having a decent amount of money set aside should something ever happen making you need it. Then, later, you can decide whether to use the money to buy a car, start a company, take early retirement, or something entirely different. Having the money will give you the options, and you can decide what is more important to you yourself. Just keep on saving."
Actually if you look at a loan for $115,000 over 30 years at current interest rates you would have a payment of about $500 a month. I would argue your $500 monthly payments are building equity the same way a loan repayment schedule would. Is your agreement in writing? If it is, there's nothing you can do unless they agree. If it's not then write up a contract for a $115k loan that you will pay back over 30 years at $500 a month with the amortization table. That will show how much equity you're building over time. (It's not much the first 10 years!) Note that some states require real estate contract to be in writing or else they are voidable by either party. Whatever you do, get something in writing or you'll probably either end up in court or feeling bitter for the next few decades.
"In California at least a little known secret is you don't have to pay traffic fines older than three years. I had my DL suspended for three years from 3thousand in bad tickets. I went to pay after I saved enough, and the nice lady said ""the law says you don't have to pay the fines over three years old and we can't legally hold your license and we legally can't report it to credit agencies or the DMV"" She got her gold star that day!! She said no one will tell you, but being nice sometimes gets you a long way. I'm sure most people take out their frustrations on her.  So I paid about 1300$ and walked out a happy licenced man. Thanks to that lady!!"
Thats the thing i think most people in this thread are missing: the way we shop is evolving. We are far more comfortable ordering online now than a decade ago, and it's only going to continue.   And thus actually makes sense, because our time is super valuable. For most consumers, a Best Buy is at least 15 mins away by car. So getting there and back alone is about 3% of your day. Thats a step price already, and it doesn't include the time wandering the store to find the damn thing, then standing in line, parking, etc. So unless i need the product now now now, online is fine.  So, to answer your question, you didn't really do anything wrong. We're just changing.
For some reason this can result in either   the flow through income being UNTAXED or the flow through income being   taxed as a capital gains. Either way this allows a lower tax rate for   LLC profits. I'm not sure that correct. I know it has something to do   with capital accounts. This is incorrect. As to capital accounts - these are accounts representing the members/partners' capital in the enterprise, and have nothing to do with the tax treatment of the earnings. Undistributed earnings add to the capital accounts, but they're still taxed. Also, is it true that if the LLC loses money, that loss can be offset   against other taxable income resulting in a lower total taxation? It can offset taxable income of the same kind, just like any other losses on your tax return. Generally, flow-through taxation of partnerships means that the income is taxed to the partner with the original attributes. If it is capital gains - it is taxed as capital gains. If it is earned income - it is taxed as earned income. Going through LLC/partnership doesn't re-characterize the income (going through corporation - does, in many cases).
"Typically, there are three ways an acquisition is financed. What is used is called the ""consideration"".  1.) Cash - Existing cash on the balance sheet is used. Think of it like purchasing something with your debit card.  2.) Stock - This a bit more complicated. The acquiring company issues new shares and exchanges those shares for shares of the acquiree. Because new shares are issued, this can have a dilutive effect on the stock price of the acquirer. However, it can have an accretive effect if enough synergistic value between the two companies is realized and/or expected.  3.) Debt - Basically like taking out a loan.   The ""consideration"" for a deal is often reported, as you read in your article.  Most deals are a combination of cash/stock/debt. (Debt is often referred to as ""cash"" - i.e. if you take out a loan, you are essentially receiving cash.)    When it comes to which is best to use, there are quantitative analyses for that - with a specific focus on the acquirer's EPS (Earnings per share) post-deal.  The factors that are considered are the forgone interest on cash, the additional interest gained from taking on debt, and the dilutive effects of issuing new stock. There is no right answer for which is best, as there are multiple different factors and circumstances involved across M&amp;A deals. Each company has different borrowing rates and synergistic value expected from their deals. One big factor is the timing and stock price of both companies during the deal. If the acquirer is trading at an all time high and the acquiree is at an all time low, then perhaps an all-stock deal would be advantageous to the buyer.   Typically, companies want to avoid stock deals because they are the most dilutive."
529 is good.  Though, I would avoid other kinds of investments in kids names and or setting up accounts that are too complex or difficult to use as college costs will come in may aspects starting application fees and travel expenses when looking for college as well as housing and allowance spending.
quid's answer explains the settlement period well. However, it should be noted that you can avoid the settlement period by opening a margin account. Any specific broker like Schwab may or may not offer margin accounts. Margin accounts allow you to borrow money to avoid the settlement period or to buy more securities than you can actually afford. Note that if you buy more securities than you can afford using margin, you expose yourself to losses potentially larger than your initial investment. If you fund your account with $50,000 and use margin to purchase $80,000 of stock which then drops in value by 80% you will have lost $64,000 and owe the broker $14,000 plus fees.
The economy today is quite global, but it's not totally in sync.  Unemployment is not dropping everywhere. It's getting worse in the Muslim worlds, South Africa, Venezuela, etc.  Trust me: Trump can easily crash the USA economy, or, make it even better.  Basically, if countries work on their economy, you can see the results.
He talked about JPM's investment in blockchain tech, not about bitcoin's blockchain network. So you are right in the sense that these cryptos have their own blockchains, and he is correct that JPM and many large corp are looking at blockchain technology.     Bitcoin as a currency is a make believe store of value, full of fraud, and right now a lot of FOMO investors chasing it. But I wouldn't call it a bubble because it has not popped yet. Bubble is usually backward looking.
I don't know what rates are available to you now, but yes, if you can refinance your car at a better rate with no hidden fees, you might save some money in interest. However, there are a couple of watchouts: Your original loan was a 6 year loan, and you have 5 years remaining.  If you refinance your car with a new 6 year loan, you will be paying on your car for 7 years total, and you will end up paying more interest even though your interest rate might have gone down.  Make sure that your new loan, in addition to having a lower rate than the old loan, does not have a longer term than what you have remaining on the original loan. Make sure there aren't any hidden fees or closing costs with the new loan.  If there are, you might be paying your interest savings back to the bank in fees. If your goal is to save money in interest, consider paying off your loan early.  Scrape together extra money every month and send it in, making sure that it is applied to the principal of your loan.  This will shorten your loan and save you money on interest, and can be much more significant than refinancing.  After your loan is paid off, continue saving the amount you were spending on your car payment, so you can pay cash for your next car and save even more.
If we're including psychological considerations, then the question becomes much more complicated: will having a higher available credit increase the temptation to spend? Will eliminating 100% of a small debt provide more positive reinforcement than paying off 15% of a larger debt? Etc. If we're looking at the pure financial impact, the question is simpler. The only advantage I see to prioritizing the lower interest card is the float: when you buy something on a credit card, interest is often calculated for that purchase starting at the beginning of the next billing cycle, rather than immediately from the purchase date. I'm not clear on what policies credit card companies have on giving float for credit cards with a carried balance, so you should look into what your card's policy is.  Other than than, paying off the higher interest rate card is better than paying off the lower interest rate. On top of that, you should look into whether you qualify for any of the following options (presented from best to worst):
So your argument is, all depository banks can do the functions of an investment bank, therefore all banks were responsible for the financial crisis? Awesome argument. Do tell me how citibank is the same as JP Morgan again. How are you this dense?  Also, nothing I've said is false whereas everything you've said is.
You are talking about adjusting the basis of your property which has its own IRS publication Publication 551: Basis of Assets Assuming you've not taken depreciation on your land in any way, pages 4-5 cover the various ways you can increase the basis of your property. Improvements like paving and wiring such as your second case would increase the basis of the property and reduce your gains when you sell. Note that regular real estate taxes do NOT alter your basis. Again the IRS publication is where you should look on what activity would have altered your basis during your period of ownership.  Consult appropriate accounting and legal practitioners when in doubt.
I dunno, where did you go to school for arguing?  Let me spell it out for you: my products are all linked in the 3rd sentence of my bio on the right side of every page. I don't belabor them because I'm not trying to sell them.
This is actually not at all surprising. We've been pumping oil for a long time, it makes sense that the guys doing this are very good at knowing where the line between profit and loss is. With government handouts more operations are on the profit side. So those operations go forward.
One overarching thing to keep in mind is that wherever you go with Finance if you work hard enough and climb the ladder, you can make decent money. I know CIO's, Market Stragesits and even CFO's, Portfolio Managers and CPA's that all live extremely comfortably, and all of them work outside of the IB industry, basically, IB isn't the end-all for making large sums of money. The main reason why it pays so much upfront is that of the hours you have to work if you look at their salary at an hourly rate, it's around 10-12 bucks an hour.   Definitely think about the Double major thing though, or potentially just doing a minor. It would definitely look good on a resume, especially if it's something you also enjoy, but you've gotta keep that GPA high, and getting a 4.0 in CS is quite a challenge, to begin with.  Pretty much any of the Series certifications can help you depending on where you want to go career-wise, obviously for some positions have certain series certifications won't be useful at all. It's also worth looking into the CFA program if you plan on doing Financial Analysis, but you'll need a sponsor for this, just like the Series certifications.  Happy to help man, if you've got any other questions feel free to reach out. I'm in the same boat just trying to figure out what I want to do with my life to make decent money so I can take care of my friends and family, and live life to the fullest.
"The question that I walk away with is ""What is the cost of the downside protection?"" Disclaimer - I don't sell anything. I am not a fan of insurance as an investment, with rare exceptions. (I'll stop there, all else is a tangent) There's an appeal to looking at the distribution of stock returns. It looks a bit like a bell curve, with a median at 10% or so, and a standard deviation of 15 or so. This implies that there are some number of years on average that the market will be down, and others, about 2/3, up. Now, you wish to purchase a way of avoiding that negative return, and need to ask yourself what it's worth to do so.  The insurance company tells you (a) 2% off the top, i.e. no dividends and (b) we will clip the high end, over 9.5%.  I then am compelled to look at the numbers. Knowing that your product can't be bought and sold every year, it's appropriate to look at 10-yr rolling returns. The annual returns I see, and the return you'd have in any period. I start with 1900-2012. I see an average 9.8% with STD of 5.3%. Remember, the 10 year rolling will do a good job pushing the STD down. The return the Insurance would give you is an average 5.4%, with STD of .01. You've bought your way out of all risk, but at what cost?  From 1900-2012, my dollar grows to $30080, yours, to $406. For much of the time, treasuries were higher than your return. Much higher.  It's interesting to see how often the market is over 10% for the year, clip too many of those and you really lose out.  From 1900-2012, I count 31 negative years (ouch) but 64 years over 9.5%. The 31 averaged -13.5%, the 64, 25.3%.  The illusion of ""market gains"" is how this product is sold. Long term, they lag safe treasuries."
Many examples in Europe and other countries have shown once you break that barrier people will go to extreme lengths to avoid it. So much so back in the 80s in the UK tax rates over 75% were imposed, needless to say when they reduced it to 40% they actually got more money.   Ultimately it does more harm than good to the economy and means well paid jobs leave the country and go elsewhere. The exact same thing is happening right now with the French moving to London.  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18234930
I agree that religion shouldn't be protected. Let's get rid of this protection for Christians crap and let those little snowflakes realize that they don't get to push their make believe on others.  Disability, the unifying factor is *the disability.* There's some non-able-bodied component. Sexual orientation is biological.
"Market cap is the current value of a company's equity and is defined as the current share price multiplied by the number of shares. Please check also ""enterprise value"" for another definition of a company`s total value (enterprise value = market cap adjusted for net nebt). Regarding the second part of your question: Issuing new shares usually does not affect market cap in a significant way because the newly issued shares often result in lower share prices and dilution of the existing share holders shares."
&gt;**Most have three wheels and do not tilt. An exception is in Cambodia, where two different types of vehicles are called tuk-tuks, one of which (also known as a remorque) has four wheels and is composed of a motorcycle (which leans) and trailer (which does not)**  Today i learned!
If you are looking to transfer money to another person in the US, you can do do with no tax consequence.  The current annual gift limit is $14k per year per person, so for example, my wife and I can gift $56k to another couple with no tax and no forms. For larger amounts, there is a lifetime exclusion that taps into your $5M+ estate tax. It requires submitting a form 709, but just paperwork, no tax would be due. This is the simplest way to gift a large sum and not have any convoluted tracking or structured loan with annual forgiveness. One form and done. (If the sum is well over $5M you should consider a professional to guide you, not a Q&A board)
No, there is no downside. I personally don't use duplicate checks.  I simply make a record of the checks I write in the check register.  A copy of the check, whether a duplicate or a photo, isn't really proof of payment for anyone but yourself, as it is very easy to write a check after the fact and put a different date on it.
I'm probably being unduly harsh, but I only have my experience to draw on.   Windshield wipers that the dealer could never get to work right  Replacing brake lights every couple of months - dealer couldn't fix   Am electronic 4wd system that fails twice, necessitating a transmission replacement at 30k miles.   This was a brand new vehicle, all under warrant protection  I used to travel a lot for work, with a lot of rental cars, and driven a lot of different cars. The GM products just always seemed a little more rattley with the worst seats for me. I had the misfortune of driving a Cruize in Europe for a few weeks and I've felt church pews that were luxurious compared to that thing - though the diesel motor (Opel made) was nice.   I compare that to the Toyotas I've driven for a couple hundred thousand miles with nothing but maintenance, and that's where I struggle.   Maybe they are better. But my experience hasn't gotten there yet.
I'm not a huge fan of tax-advantaged retirement accounts anyway, so I wouldn't fault you for not contributing even if you weren't likely to develop a disability. Do you have disability insurance?  I hope so.  If you already have the disease then you may not be able to get it now if you don't have it already because they may not cover existing conditions.  If not, try to get it however you can. You may be able to withdraw the money without much problem if you can prove it's a permanent disability.  (Information here.) Do you have 401(k) matching from your employer?  If that match is vested in a reasonable period of time, then even with the penalties you'll end up ahead. Beyond that (this wasn't part of your question but I'm just trying to help) I'd think about what kind of work you can do after you can't work at your current job.  You have the luxury of an early warning, so plan for it. Also, check out National Industries for the Blind.  Our Lions Club sells some of the Skilcraft products (brooms) as fundraisers and they're quality products.
Because collective bargaining by the gov't and your employer is the only way that we've been able to combat some of the increases. An uninsured individual will be billed 4-10x what your insurance company would pay due to collective bargaining.  The largest employers (Cisco, EMC, and others) are self-insured and pay health care providers to administer their plan. SMBs get the short end of the stick and pay much higher rates for less coverage because they don't have economies of scale.   A public option would allow any uninsured individual to obtain health care at a reasonable, income-based cost.
"Maybe if people were paying them for their political opinions, that would be a valid argument, but people are paying them for their services.      I would hope that they would do what they need to do to keep their company in business.  I don't think I've ever heard anyone say ""boy, they did lay everybody in the company off and took a few local businesses with them, but they stood by their principles"".   That's not what businesses are for."
As far as I know, you can have anybody be a beneficiary on life insurance while you are unmarried.  Once you are married, you may or may not have to have your spouse sign off (I'm not sure if it's a state or federal law).  People typically will have family, but it could just as easily be a waiter who gave you great service at a restaurant. I would suggest you look into creating a will.  Within that will, you can: This way, it should not matter as much who the guardian is, but rather who is in control of the trust.  I would imagine as long as your children are minors, the state would put them under your ex's custody (if they aren't already). Does that make sense?
I go out often to restaurants, and I've never had to wait more than 20 minutes with a reservation, and it's extremely rare than I have to wait more than 5 minutes.  If you had to wait 2 hours you were not speaking up for yourself, and that's a horribly run restaurant.
Normally if the amount of a cashiers check is over $5,000, a bank (like Wells Fargo) may put a 10 business day hold on it to make sure the transaction is sound.
Definitely not with gift cards and to a lesser degree not even with debit cards.  For most transactions they work the same but you'll run into problems when dealing with situations where a hold is placed that's higher than the transaction amount. This is the norm with gas purchases--at the time you run the card you don't know how much gas you're going to pump so they put through an authorization for some fixed amount--say $75 or $100.  If you do not have this much available it will fail and you can't use the card to purchase the gas.  Unless you're living paycheck to paycheck the debit card should work in this case but the gift card very well might not. I've also seen this happen on a larger scale with a car rental.  A co-worker only had a debit card--and the substantial hold the rental car place wanted to put on the card was unacceptable.
They've pretty much shot any credibility they possessed. Follow the money.
Good grief!  Ask a Republican to define their terminology to avoid conflict and confusion, and you get labeled a liberal.  Honestly, the stupid labeling thing is one of the most obfuscating and idiotic parts of our political discourse these day.  The idea here is to remove obfuscation so we can get to the point.  Clarify yourself!  You have declared paying government employees better than others is waste.  You’ve also declared the current government delivery system is waste.  But the whole system is NOT waste.  Parse it out.    You don’t want people paid more than a business can afford, right?  So there is no financial loss?  You don’t want a system in place that can’t afford to pay for itself, now or in the foreseeable future (after all, everyone should have a chance to recover), right?  But when you say there is waste in the government, I have to be sure you are discussing complete value, including social, educational, technological, national, military, and not just budget.  This is important because MY arguments hinge on the non-budget side, whereas yours seem to focus on the financial aspects.   Not that these are the whole of either of our views.  They are simply the focuses we have used in this discussion.  So, stop with the cheap jabs, and we’ll continue.  There are many wasteful aspects of the government.  I agree with that.   It there are many things the go ernment does that private industry either can’t or won’t do.  Biggest of these is corporations will not go out of their way to protect their citizens.  They will do what they are paid to do, and nothing else.  The postal service will probably never be closed or privatized. If it were, however, I would love too see how the cost of delivery and the pay for delivery employees are affected.  I agree the question of why government waste exists is the most important.  But in order to see it clearly, we must get a lay of the land.  We need to review two edge cases:  1) Where is the most waste?  Why is it so extreme here?  2) Where is the least waste?  Why is this part of the government more efficient?  Then we can inspect the different influences in each system and explore why efficiency isn’t enforced or encouraged in so many government areas, and what can be done to improve efficiency, or if it is an area that the nation would do better with privatization instead.
Haha, aside from the fact that consensually choosing which career path you would like to go down is not at all akin to slavery and severely diminishes what actual slaves went (and in some places still go) through, even if your premise was right, your supposition is still wrong.  People on the corner begging for money make a pretty decent amount of money with no employer. Certainly more than I make.
"It may seem weird but interest rates are set by a market. Risk is a very large component of the price that a saver will accept to deposit their money in a bank but not the only one. Essentially you are ""lending"" deposited cash to the bank that you put it in and they will lend it out at a certain risk to themselves and a certain risk to you. By diversifying who they lend to (corporations, home-buyers each other etc.) the banks mitigate a lot of the risk but lending to the bank is still a risky endeavour for the ""saver"" and the saver accepts a given interest rate for the amount of risk there is in having the money in that particular bank. The bank is also unable to diversify away all possible risk, but tries to do the best job it can. If a bank is seen to take bigger risks and therefore be in greater risk of failing (having a run on deposits) it must have a requisitely higher interest rates on deposits compared to a lower risk bank. ""Savers"" therefore ""shop around"" for the best interest rate for a given level of risk which sets the viable interest rate for that bank; any higher and the bank would not make a profit on the money that it lends out and so would not be viable as a business, any lower and savers would not deposit their money as the risk would be too high for the reward. Hence competition (or lack of it) will set the rate as a trade off between risk and return. Note that governments are also customers of the banking industry when they are issuing fixed income securities (bonds) and a good deal of the lending done by any bank is to various governments so the price that they borrow money at is a key determinant of what interest rate the bank can afford to give and are part of the competitive banking industry whether they want to be or not. Since governments in most (westernised) countries provide insurance for deposits the basic level of (perceived) risk for all of the banks in any given country is about the same. That these banks lend to each other on an incredibly regular basis (look into the overnight or repo money market if you want to see exactly how much, the rates that these banks pay to and receive from each other are governed by interbank lending rates called Libor and Euribor and are even more complicated than this answer) simply compounds this effect because it makes all of the banks reliant on each other and therefore they help each other to stay liquid (to some extent). Note that I haven't mentioned currency at all so far but this market in every country applies over a number of currencies. The way that this occurs is due to arbitrage; if I can put foreign money into a bank in a country at a rate that is higher than the rate in its native country after exchange costs and exchange rate risk I will convert all of my money to that currency and take the higher interest rate. For an ordinary individual's savings that is not really possible but remember that the large multinational banks can do exactly the same thing with billions of dollars of deposits and effectively get free money. This means that either the bank's interest rate will fall to a risk adjusted level or the exchange rate will move. Either of those moves will remove the potential for making money for nothing. In this case, therefore it is both the exchange rate risk (and costs) as well as the loan market in that country that set the interest rate in foreign currencies. Demand for loans in the foreign currency is not a major mover for the same reason. Companies importing from foreign entities need cash in foreign currencies to pay their bills and so will borrow money in other currencies to fulfil these operations which could come from deposits in the foreign currency if they were available at a lower interest rate than a loan in local currency plus the costs of exchange but the banks will be unwilling to loan to them for less than the highest return that they can get so will push up interest rates to their risk level in the same way that they did in the market before currencies were taken into account. Freedom of movement of foreign currencies, however, does move interest rates in foreign currencies as the banks want to be able to lend as much of currencies that are not freely deliverable as they can so will pay a premium for these currencies. Other political moves such as the government wanting to borrow large amounts of foreign currency etc. will also move the interest rate given for foreign currencies not just because loaning to the government is less risky but also because they sometimes pay a premium (in interest) for being able to borrow foreign currency which may balance this out. Speculation that a country may change its base interest rate will move short term rates, and can move long term rates if it is seen to be a part of a country's economic strategy. The theory behind this is deep and involved but the tl;dr answer would be the standard ""invisible hand"" response when anything market or arbitrage related is involved. references: I work in credit risk and got a colleague who is also a credit risk consultant and economist to look over it. Arbitrage theory and the repo markets are both fascinating so worth reading about!"
You are currently $30k in debt.  I realize it is tempting to purchase a new car with your new job, but increasing your debt right now is heading in the wrong direction.  Adding a new monthly payment into your budget would be a mistake, in my opinion. Here is what I would suggest.  Since you have $7k in the bank, spend up to $6k on a nice used car.  This will keep $1k in the bank for emergencies, and give you transportation without adding debt and a monthly payment.  Then you can focus on knocking out the student loans.   Won't it be nice when those student loans are gone?  By not going further into debt, you will be much closer to that day.  New cars are a luxury that you aren't in a position to splurge on yet.
A lot of good answers, but there’s one more factor: ignorance.  The majority haven’t considered it, or considered it and assumed it’s not an option without investigating.  PLUS, the widespread myth that every other country is primitive, unhealthy, and dangerous.
The simple answer is that you have to read the terms and conditions when you sign up for a checking account at the bank. The process of fraud investigation varies from bank to bank.  Ultimately most banks will refund the money if you are not deemed negligent. Some banks offer quick reimbursement during fraud claims, but many will not refund the money until the investigation is complete (which can take several weeks). Checking accounts are terrible security problems. If you're looking for ways to avoid a hassle, stop writing checks and using ATM/Debit cards. If you must send checks to pay bills, use the bill-pay system that is now common with most banks (they use a service to send checks on your behalf and don't even charge you for postage unless you ask for expedited processing).
It's not really that useful as a currency right now though, is it?    Leaving aside that you could only spend it in certain locations or the time it would take for a transaction to be confirmed, the fact that every transaction in which you pay with Bitcoin counts as a realization of the capital gain would make it quite cumbersome for most anyone to actually use it as a currency.  Then there's the issue of the fluctuating price of a bitcoin, which would make using it as a pricing mechanism quite cumbersome as well.
There are a number of ways to get out of debt. First, stop spending on that card. You could apply for a 0% APR credit card and if you qualify with a credit limit equal (or higher) than what you have now, then you could transfer the balance and start on paying that down. You could also work out a payment plan with Chase - they would rather have some of the money vs. none of it. But you need to reach out sooner rather than later to avoid having it sent to collections.  Since your cash flow is terrible, you could also pick up a second or third part time job - deliver pizzas, work at the mall, whatever, to help increase your cash flow and use that money to pay down your debts.  The Federal Trade Commission has some resources on how to cope with debt.
Jesus this is a horribly written and unnecessarily long article. Could be summed up in 3 paragraphs, and honestly, credit card processing fees isn't some conspiracy. I'd guess that most people who use credit cards are aware this is how visa and MasterCard make money.   This article is written like it's for 14 year olds.
Absolutely. I actually spoke with a man from LeBatts brewery about this story, he told me that it it was sheer luck that other breweries didn't end up using the combination of a specific clarifying agent and foaming agent which caused the snottiness.  The rest of the brewing industry was also cost-cutting but through a combination of bad luck, not knowing when to stop, and a lack of testing, it was Schlitz that became a textbook example of what not to do. Today most new/changed products use test marketing to prevent this sort of nationwide debacle.
"FTA:  &gt;SD: And to all the young filmmakers listening, I had 5% of the net of that movie. That was in my contract. And it cost $19 million. And it made $150 million worldwide. There's no net. That's how movie math works.   I read a book some 20 years ago on screenwriting that said never to ask for a cut of the net profit, always ask for the gross. The net is what is left over after everyone else gets paid out of the gross and there's usually nothing left over.  Sleazy folks love using this confusion over net vs. gross to hoodwink people. I remember when oil companies where in the news for their record profits, there would be people posting saying ""Oh, well, I'd like to see what the net is. This doesn't take into account exploration, development, and extrapolation data flux coupling. Which is all very expensive. The gross profit means nothing."""
Part of the problem with electric cars is also that they won't allow small commuter vehicles on the roads in most states.  We have a gap between motorcycles and highway capable cars.  Vehicles that are too big to be a motorcycle, but too small to pass crash testing that's needed for a highway vehicle.  The exact size car that you would want for an inner city commute, is illegal or regulated out of usefulness in most states.
They are $67 each at Costco Pharmacy in Canada. (Two-pack $114). Even though universal medicare coverage does not include a universal drug plan, the Canadian government caps pharmaceutical profit margins, subsidizes prescriptions for certain people and negotiates drug prices for all.   (Universal pharmacare plans are still on the radar and hopefully coming soon)
You need to clarify with Bob what your agreement is. If you and Bob are working together on these jobs as partners, you should get a written partnership agreement done by a lawyer who works with software industry entity formation. You can legally be considered a partnership if you are operating a business together, even if there is nothing in writing. The partnership will have its own tax return, and you each will be allocated 50% of the profits/losses (if that's what you agree to). This amount will be reported on your own individual 1040 as self-employment income. Since you have now lost all the expense deductions you would have taken on your Schedule C, and any home office deduction, it's a good idea to put language in the partnership agreement stating that the partnership will reimburse partners for their out-of-pocket expenses. If Bob is just hiring you as a contractor, you give him your SSN, and he issues you a 1099, like any other client. This should be a situation where you invoice him for the amount you are charging. Same thing with Joe - figure out if you're hiring him as an independent contractor, or if you have a partnership. Either way, you will owe income and self-employment tax on your profits. In the case of a partnership, the amount will be on the K-1 from the partnership return. For an independent contractor who's operating as a sole proprietor, you report the income you invoiced for and received, and deduct your expenses, including independent contractors that you hired, on your Schedule C. Talk to your tax guy about quarterly estimated payments. If you don't have a tax guy, go get one. Find somebody people in your city working in your industry recommend. A good tax person will save you more money than they cost. IRS Circular 230 Notice: Please note that any tax advice contained in this communication is not intended to be used, and cannot be used, by anyone to avoid penalties that may be imposed under federal tax law.
Spectrum-wise, Sprint is actually in the best position of all four major carriers. They have enough nationwide 800 MHz spectrum for good voice and LTE coverage and penetration, and they have enough 2.5 GHz spectrum to outdo every other carrier in capacity. They are the one carrier that really doesn't need any more spectrum right now.  The argument about tower count is largely irrelevant with today's mobile data demand. You will find that Verizon and AT&amp;T have built out at least as densely (and usually much moreso) as Sprint and T-Mobile, even with having 10-20 MHz of 700 MHz spectrum each, precisely because of capacity demands. All four major carriers are rolling out microwave spectrum for capacity (AWS and PCS for Verizon, AT&amp;T, and T-Mobile, and BRS/EBS for Sprint), and dense site placement is going to be a necessity.  The argument about accuracy is also ridiculous considering the performance at the edge-of-cell and in the sector nulls; you're going to need multiple sites regardless if you want acceptable coverage for everyone.  The company hurting the most spectrum-wise is T-Mobile since they only own a few 700 MHz licenses and can't even use them in most places until after the FCC incentive auction next year. AT&amp;T could use a little more microwave, but they do have 20 MHz of WCS nationwide that they're about to start deploying.  EDIT: More info:  http://www.fiercewireless.com/special-reports/how-much-lte-spectrum-do-verizon-att-sprint-and-t-mobile-have-and-where  Those charts do omit the 10x10 WCS AT&amp;T will be deploying, as well as the PCS that Verizon, AT&amp;T, and T-Mobile have/will refarm.
"This is trash. No way Willy and Markus did that to bitcoin. It's called trading.  Of course they were actively trading during a giant volatile bubble in which bitcoin jumped 1000s%  just as 10000s of other people were. Mt. Gox is credited with popping the 2013 bubble not inflating it. Even though Mt. Gox got hacked and ddos'd  all the time there is no way bitcoins price was manipulated that much by ""Willy"" and ""Markus"" as a result."
I worked for Waffle House (same sort of employee pool) for a good while, they had horrible retention rate for cooks. But in the last few years they started paying a lot better ($14.50 an hour at top rate) now they have people doing the work of what used to take 2.
"Eh, for the most part US labeling laws are pretty good. There are exceptions, but most of the time there's a reasonable argument at least. In the above example, it would need to be ""made with 100% chicken,' as opposed to ""100% chicken."" That seems fair to me. Not that misbranding never occurs, because mistakes happen, and people do also break the law, but misbranding is taken seriously. Even with no safety threat that's still a type three recall."
I'm in Estonia, so a while back I did some coding for a US company, who figured it would be cheaper to outsource to Estonia. Since I had too much on my plate at that time, I outsourced the task to a guy in the US, who was having a hard time finding a job, because of all the outsourcing.
"Okay, I  Read a large part of it and stopped. It may have some valid points, ie how chivalry may be dying because of the feminist movement and the equal positions it has created for women. However, blaming the guilt on women for dressing slutty is just as morally bad as the rapist. Rape is something of all times and places, and even in cultures where women are ""properly"" covered rape happens. It disgusts me that it is trying to justify rape by blaming the victims."
theres nothing you could probably do but hold an intervention or something, and i dont even know how effective that is. maybe gamblers anonymous? im not really sure this is the subreddit for this kind of question.
Welcome to Rustic Posy, here you buy your favorite flower bouquets at the affordable price. You simply search online, select an arrangement, schedule distribution, and pay by bank card. The whole copes need take no more than a few minutes out of your busy day. The online flower shop will handle the whole process from that point on. We have a great florist team that always manages best flower arrangements that you want. We provide a far more extensive range of blossoms on the internet than at the local plant shops. Search the most online flower shops and distribution solutions have local as well as exotic blossoms. We also provide a big selection of flowers for different events.
I've looked into Thinkorswim; my father uses it. Although better than eTrade, it wasn't quite what I was looking for. Interactive Brokers is a name I had heard a long time ago but forgotten. Thank you for that, it seems to be just what I need.
"Alright, so this is all out of the way.  As a further note, I have a degree in computer science so I'm not oblivious to the technical aspects of bitcoin.  I reject the idea that banning bitcoin is akin to banning the internet - in fact, I reject the notion that bitcoin is anywhere as revolutionary as ""the internet"" was (which itself, as a construct, is far older than most people let on).    I've always acknowledged that there are many innovative technical aspects to bitcoin which are likely to find their way into our current system of money and transactions.    The reality, however, goes back to my original contentions - that bitcoin is difficult (if not nearly impossible) to track, and thus serves as a black-market vehicle for those who wish to transact outside the power of the government.  Whether or not you see this as ""good"" or ""bad"" doesn't matter; ""the government"" within any defined national border is the plenary power - period - and thus (for lack of a better phrase) ""resistance is mostly futile."""
Yes you do. You're under the jurisdiction of at least one country where you're resident, or where you're citizen. You may be under jurisdiction of more than one country. Each country has its own laws about what and how should be taxed and countries have treaties between them to resolve jurisdiction issues and double taxation situations, so you should talk to a tax accountant licensed to provide you with an advice.
Having night outs and enjoying all your nights by waking up and playing different type of games also makes the summer season full of fun. That is one of the preferred things to do in summer season, by peoples of all age group. Visit us for more details: http://thingstodoinsummertime.blogspot.ca/
"&gt; h that, there's pretty much no real way to look at a menial-style job and say, ""That deserves $15 an hour."" &gt; The two reasons above combine and make a strong argument for something like a basic income or drastically  expanded welfare and safety net programs. &gt; A further failing of the ""retrai  Agreed.  Growth always leaves certain demographics behind.    I think $15/hour is dependent on location.. in Seattle even @ $15 you're screwed.  In other areas, $15 an hour is great!    The economy is evolving whether we accept it or not.  While re-training certainly shouldn't be the only approach.. it needs to be a big part of the humane solution to displaced workers."
Eh using a benchmark that's designed for Hedge Funds is a little different. I was guessing the other comment was referring to SPX or similar for the 10%. Most people don't understand HF as investment vehicles. They are meant to be market neutral and focused on absolute returns. Yes, you can benchmark them against each other / strategy but most people here seem to think that HFs want to beat the S&amp;P 500.
&gt;You really shouldn't talk about things when you clearly don't put yourself in a position to be informed on the topic. You're just espousing unhelpful ignorance.  Irony.  &gt;Oh, and also thanks for the downvote, which you broke the rules of this subreddit giving, since my comment clearly contributes to a discussion (that you decided to join). Although, I don't really care about upvotes or downvotes, so feel free to give me another. Or two. Or three. IDC you little twerp.  Its always the people that complain about being downvoted that care about their upvote count.
The short answer is: the money is yours from the insurance company, they actually can't tell you how to spend it, they can only decide from their tables and your plan, how much you get. The longer answer: Usually the insurance company pays one blanket amount, then itemizes the rest, where you have to submit receipts.  You're also lucky, because damage over time is rarely covered, damage is usually only covered as sudden damage, so they don't pay out for maintenance issues. You can repair your house the way you want, I even do some of my own labor, because some repair jobs just don't get covered what they really cost to do right.   HOWEVER, your mortgage company can withhold part of your claim to verify satisfactory work, this is to maintain the value of the collateral, and the insurance company can choose not to cover pre existing damage.  Generally they don't stray from the assessment.   I do not know of any law that permits an internal inspection of your home without your consent.  They can come look at the outside, but they can't force you to let them inspect inside... Unless they're holding some of your insurance payment hostage, for most banks, receipts are sufficient. A good contractor usually will meet all the needs with an itemized budget and has a bit of wiggle room to fix things the right way, while keeping the bank and mortgage company happy.
"Funny how you're talking about short term economics while I'm talking long term projections. Sweden is on the verge of a housing bubble far worse than the one the US saw in 2008. O don't look at last year and the year before I look at what their policies are doing for the future. You're right I've never lived in Europe but countries with a 50% tax rate on income aren't the ideal situation to live just ask switzerland the most stable and consistent economy in all of Europe and arguably the world for the last decade +. Yes they have income tax but not at an outrageous rate and they also have market and personal freedom at level that shadows what we have here ""the land of the free"" switzerland actually follows our constitution better than our own government does. This country was founded on idea of freedom and states rights. Not an over bearing over reaching federal government. As far as comparing the government to your parents house, that's a comparison clearly made by a simpleton. Your parents role in your life is to teach you responsibility and give your life structure. The government's role is to serve you not steal from you. How did the US make it so long with an income tax?"
"There are a few people that do this for a living. They are called ""market makers"" or ""specialists"" in a particular stock. First of all, this requires a lot of capital. You can get burned on a few trades, a process known as ""gambler's ruin,"" but if you have enough capital to weather the storm, you can make money. Second, you have to be ""licensed"" by the stock market authorities, because you need to have stock market trading experience and other credentials. Third, you are not allowed to buy and sell at will. In order to do your job, you have to ""balance the boat,"" that is buy, when others are selling, and sell, when others are buying, in order to keep the market moving in two directions. It's a tough job that requires a lot of experience, plus a license, but a few people can make a living doing this."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.thenation.com/article/america-has-a-monopoly-problem-and-its-huge/) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Some century and a quarter ago, America was, in some ways, at a similar juncture: Political and economic power seemed concentrated in a few hands, in ways that were inconsonant with our democratic ideals.  &gt; Importantly, these laws were based on the belief that concentrations of economic power inevitably would lead to concentrations in political power.  &gt; Chicago economists would argue-with little backing in either theory or evidence-that one shouldn&amp;#039;t even worry about monopoly: In an innovative economy, monopoly power would only be temporary, and the ensuing contest to become the monopolist maximized innovation and consumer welfare.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/78l28c/america_has_a_monopoly_problemand_its_huge/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~234550 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **power**^#1 **market**^#2 **economic**^#3 **economy**^#4 **Monopoly**^#5"
The shortest-hand yet most reliable metric is daily volume / total shares outstanding.  A security with a high turnover rate will be more efficient than a lower one, ceteris paribus. The practical impacts are tighter spread and lower average percentage change between trades.  A security with a spread of 0% and an average change of 0% between trades is perfectly efficient.
Sterilize the whales, enforce rules to prevent SeaWorld from ever acquiring another whale, triple the size of the living areas for the whales (or even quadruple), allow them to perform if they want to, and enforce rules that no human will touch these whales ever again unless for medical procedures (more to prevent more humans from being killed).   I feel like that would work. SeaWorld gets good PR for increasing the living area, they can't acquire anymore whales, and the whole issue is a non-issue in 20+ years when all the whales are dead and then we can go back to SeaWorld again.   Edit: I would also suggest the same thing for all of the current show animals. If they are to be kept, they can not be used in shows and must have a natural-esque habitat.
What is the per capita increase that they are anticipating for full-time employees? This is not meant to be a political question, I'm just curious what the actual number is :P  &gt;The test entails increasing the number of workers on part-time status, meaning they work less than 30 hours a week. Under the new health care act, companies will be required to provide health care to full-time employees by 2014. That would significantly boost labor costs for businesses.
The point i wanted to make is that you can't rule out war, countries conquered/stole from each other throughout all of history, the only reason we don't now is because of prosperity. Take that away and all bets are off.   The great depression hit all corners of the globe, what's going to happen to the american debt? Whoever bought that is going to want their money back. Is china going to stay friends? What about north korea, when they see countries around them failing, they don't seem too friendly even now. Russia? We don't know enough about their culture to know what their intentions are, to them the americans are just the same, building their military same as everyone else.  The wall-street crash of 1930s was based on speculation and stock investments, the amount of shit piled up, about to explode is so many times bigger. Also, people back then were more prepared for a depression, they were more self-sustainable and lived in communities.   Really, when the economic collapse happens, a huge amount of people are going to die, people with disabilities, those needing medication, morbedly obese etc. They represent a large proportion of the population and they are going to die off within weeks of the collapse.   Without a doubt it will be worse than the great depression. I don't care about the politics, i'm not even american for starters, survive through the shitstorm first.
You can make a start to learn how to make better investing decisions by learning and understanding what your current super funds are invested in. Does the super fund give you choices of where you can invest your funds, and how often does it allow you to change your investment choices each year? If you are interested in one area of investing over others, eg property or shares, then you should learn more on this subject, as you can also start investing outside of superannuation. Your funds in superannuation are taxed less but you are unable to touch them for another 30 to 35 years. You also need to consider investing outside super to help meet your more medium term goals and grow your wealth outside of super as well. If you are interested in shares then I believe you should learn about both fundamental and technical analysis, they can help you to make wiser decisions about what to invest in and when to invest.  Above is a chart of the ASX200 over the last 20 years until January 2015. It shows the Rate Of Change (ROC) indicator below the chart. This can be used to make medium to long term decisions in the stock market by investing when the ROC is above zero and getting out of the market when the ROC is below zero. Regarding your aggressiveness in your investments, most would say that yes because you are still young you should be aggressive because you have time on your side, so if there is a downturn in your investments then you still have plenty of time for them to recover. I have a different view, and I will use the stock market as an example. Refer back to the chart above, I would be more aggressive when the ROC is above zero and less aggressive when the ROC is below zero. How can you relate this to your super fund? If it does provide you to change your investment choices, then I would be invested in more aggressive investments like shares when the ROC crosses above zero, and then when the ROC moves below zero take a less aggressive approach by moving your investments in the super fund to a more balanced or capital guaranteed strategy where less of your funds are invested in shares and more are invested in bonds and cash. You can also have a similar approach with property. Learn about the property cycles (remember super funds usually invest in commercial and industrial property rather than houses, so you would need to learn about the commercial and industrial property cycles which would be different to the residential property cycle). Regarding your question about SMSFs, if you can increase your knowledge and skills in investing, then yes switching to a SMSF will give you more control and possibly better returns. However, I would avoid switching your funds to a SMSF right now. Two reasons, firstly you would want to increase your knowledge as mentioned above, and secondly you would want to have at least $300,000 in funds before switching to a SMSF or else the setup and compliance costs would be too high as a percentage of your funds at the moment ($70,000). You do have time on your side, so whilst you are increasing your funds you can use that time to educate yourself in your areas of interest. And remember a SMSF is not only an investment vehicle whilst you are building your funds during your working life, but it is also an investment vehicle when you are retired and it becomes totally tax free during this phase, where any investment returns are tax free and any income you take out is also tax free.
"Because ETFs, unlike most other pooled investments, can be easily shorted, it is possible for institutional investors to take an arbitrage position that is long the underlying securities and short the ETF.  The result is that in a well functioning market (where ETF prices are what they should be) these institutional investors would earn a risk-free profit equal to the fee amount. How much is this amount, though? ETFs exist in a very competitive market.  Not only do they compete with each other, but with index and mutual funds and with the possibility of constructing one's own portfolio of the underlying.  ETF investors are very cost-conscious. As a result, ETF fees just barely cover their costs.  Typically, ETF providers do not even do their own trading.  They issue new shares only in exchange for a bundle of the underlying securities, so they have almost no costs.  In order for an institutional investor to make money with the arbitrage you describe, they would need to be able to carry it out for less than the fees earned by the ETF.  Unlike the ETF provider, these investors face borrowing and other shorting costs and limitations. As a result it is not profitable for them to attempt this.  Note that even if they had no costs, their maximum upside would be a few basis points per year.  Lots of low-risk investments do better than that. I'd also like to address your question about what would happen if there was an ETF with exorbitant fees.  Two things about your suggested outcome are incorrect.   If short sellers bid the price down significantly, then the shares would be cheap relative to their stream of future dividends and investors would again buy them.  In a well-functioning market, you can't bid the price of something that clearly is backed by valuable underlying assets down to near zero, as you suggest in your question. Notice that there are limitations to short selling.  The more shares are short-sold, the more difficult it is to locate share to borrow for this purpose.  At first brokers start charging additional fees.  As borrowable shares become harder to find, they require that you obtain a ""locate,"" which takes time and costs money.  Finally they will not allow you to short at all.  Unlimited short selling is not possible. If there was an ETF that charged exorbitant fees, it would fail, but not because of short sellers.  There is an even easier arbitrage strategy: Investors would buy the shares of the ETF (which would be cheaper than the value of the underlying because of the fees) and trade them back to the ETF provider in exchange for shares of the underlying.  This would drain down the underlying asset pool until it was empty.   In fact, it is this mechanism (the ability to trade ETF shares for shares of the underlying and vice versa) that keeps ETF prices fair (within a small tolerance) relative to the underlying indices."
If you have a mortgage, making part of it a mortgage-backed overdraft (ANZ call theirs a Flexi loan) is worth looking at. I'm in a similar situation, consulting since 2010. I pay GST and provisional tax every six months. If I've budgeted right, the balance on the mortgage-backed overdraft loan goes to zero right before I send the massive payment to the tax department in May and October.  One problem is that some banks don't like to give these accounts to sole traders. Using a mortgage broker may help get around that restriction.
I'm talking about transporting the goods and services necessary for a company to do business. No rent money involved. In fact, we somewhat already have that in the form of FedEx.   Now if you don't think private companies could do the same for other facets of infrastructure, then you are just confused.
Contrary to what many people think, credit card companies pass nearly all fraud costs via purchased goods onto the merchant who sells them. As a result, they stand a very high chance of getting the money from a fraudulent purchase of a specific purchased item back, as they just chargeback the merchant who has to stomach the cost. This is not the case for cash transactions obviously, where as soon as the money leaves the ATM fraudulently it is as good as gone. As a result, the risk profile of the two types of transaction is wildly different, and the credit limits of each reflect this.
It doesn't make any financial sense for you personally, because the impact on the debt would be so little it would have no significant benefit to you, and you'd be out the money you donated.
"I hope a wall of text with citations qualifies as ""relatively easy."" Many of these studies are worth quoting at length. Long story short, a great deal of research has found that actively-managed funds underperform market indexes and passively-managed funds because of their high turnover and higher fees, among other factors.  Longer answer: Chris is right in stating that survivorship bias presents a problem for such research; however, there are several academic papers that address the survivorship problem, as well as the wider subject of active vs. passive performance. I'll try to provide a brief summary of some of the relevant literature.  The seminal paper that started the debate is Michael Jensen's 1968 paper titled ""The Performance of Mutual Funds in the Period 1945-1964"". This is the paper where Jensen's alpha, the ubiquitous measure of the performance of mutual fund managers, was first defined. Using a dataset of 115 mutual fund managers, Jensen finds that The evidence on mutual fund performance indicates not only that these 115 mutual funds were on average not able to predict security prices well enough to outperform a buy-the-market-and-hold policy, but also that there is very little evidence that any individual fund was able to do significantly better than that which we expected from mere random chance. Although this paper doesn't address problems of survivorship, it's notable because, among other points, it found that managers who actively picked stocks performed worse even when fund expenses were ignored. Since actively-managed funds tend to have higher expenses than passive funds, the actual picture looks even worse for actively managed funds. A more recent paper on the subject, which draws similar conclusions, is Martin Gruber's 1996 paper ""Another puzzle: The growth in actively managed mutual funds"". Gruber calls it ""a puzzle"" that investors still invest in actively-managed funds, given that their performance on average has been inferior to that of index funds. He addresses survivorship bias by tracking funds across the entire sample, including through mergers. Since most mutual funds that disappear are merged into existing funds, he assumes that investors in a fund that disappear choose to continue investing their money in the fund that resulted from the merger. Using this assumption and standard measures of mutual fund performance, Gruber finds that mutual funds underperform an appropriately weighted average of the indices by about 65 basis points per year. Expense ratios for my sample averaged 113 basis points a year. These numbers suggest that active management adds value, but that mutual funds charge the investor more than the value added. Another nice paper is Mark Carhart's 1997 paper ""On persistence in mutual fund performance"" uses a sample free of survivorship bias because it includes ""all known equity funds over this period."" It's worth quoting parts of this paper in full: I demonstrate that expenses have at least a one-for-one negative impact on fund performance, and that turnover also negatively impacts performance. ... Trading reduces performance by approximately 0.95% of the trade's market value.  In reference to expense ratios and other fees, Carhart finds that The investment costs of expense ratios, transaction costs, and load fees all have a direct, negative impact on performance. The study also finds that funds with abnormally high returns last year usually have higher-than-expected returns next year, but not in the following years, because of momentum effects. Lest you think the news is all bad, Russ Wermer's 2000 study ""Mutual fund performance: An empirical decomposition into stock‐picking talent, style, transactions costs, and expenses"" provides an interesting result. He finds that many actively-managed mutual funds hold stocks that outperform the market, even though the net return of the funds themselves underperforms passive funds and the market itself.  On a net-return level, the funds underperform broad market indexes by one percent a year. Of the 2.3% difference between the returns on stock holdings and the net returns of the funds, 0.7% per year is due to the lower average returns of the nonstock holdings of the funds during the period (relative to stocks). The remaining 1.6% per year is split almost evenly between the expense ratios and the transaction costs of the funds. The final paper I'll cite is a 2008 paper by Fama and French (of the Fama-French model covered in business schools) titled, appropriately, ""Mutual Fund Performance"". The paper is pretty technical, and somewhat above my level at this time of night, but the authors state one of their conclusions bluntly quite early on: After costs (that is, in terms of net returns to investors) active investment is a negative sum game.  Emphasis mine. In short, expense ratios, transaction costs, and other fees quickly diminish the returns to active investment. They find that The [value-weight] portfolio of mutual funds that invest primarily in U.S. equities is close to the market portfolio, and estimated before fees and expenses, its alpha is close to zero. Since the [value-weight] portfolio of funds produces an α close to zero in gross returns, the alpha estimated on the net returns to investors is negative by about the amount of fees and expenses. This implies that the higher the fees, the farther alpha decreases below zero. Since actively-managed mutual funds tend to have higher expense ratios than passively-managed index funds, it's safe to say that their net return to the investor is worse than a market index itself. I don't know of any free datasets that would allow you to research this, but one highly-regarded commercial dataset is the CRSP Survivor-Bias-Free US Mutual Fund Database from the Center for Research in Security Prices at the University of Chicago. In financial research, CRSP is one of the ""gold standards"" for historical market data, so if you can access that data (perhaps for a firm or academic institution, if you're affiliated with one that has access), it's one way you could run some numbers yourself."
Dry Dead Skin- Due Body Countouring to city pollution and presence of harmful gases in the atmosphere our skin is getting affected day by day its making our skin dull and dry. It will make one look unattractive. It is very important to restore the natural shine and smoothness of your skin as soon as possible before the pollution will do the worse of his effects on your skin.
"The main difference between a bull market and a bear market is due the ""the leverage effect"". http://www.princeton.edu/~yacine/leverage.pdf The leverage effect refers to the observed tendency of an asset’s   volatility to be negatively correlated with the asset’s returns.   Typically, rising asset prices are accompanied by declining   volatility, and vice versa. The term “leverage” refers to one possible   economic interpretation of this phenomenon, developed in Black (1976)   and Christie (1982): as asset prices decline, companies become   mechanically more leveraged since the relative value of their debt   rises relative to that of their equity. As a result, it is natural to   expect that their stock becomes riskier, hence more volatile. More volatile assets in a bear market are not such good investments as less volatile assets in a bull market."
I don't think the two are particularly linked.  While Brick is right in that the price of oil is denominated in dollars, I don't think that's responsible for most of the movement here. Oil has been weak for intrinsic reasons related to oil: supply/demand imbalance, largely.  (Oil also was way over-priced back when it was > $100 a barrel; a lot of that was due to worries about instability in the Middle East.) The dollar has been strong for other, separate intrinsic reasons.  The American economy has had a stronger rebound than Europe or Asia; while we were hit hard in the 2008 recession, we rebounded pretty quickly from a whole-economy point of view (we still have a lot of weaknesses in terms of long-term unemployment, but that doesn't seem to be hurting our productivity much).   Pick another time period, and you won't necessarily see the same matching path (and I would even say that those paths don't match particularly well).  Marketwatch covered this for example; other sites show similar things.  There is a weak correlation, but only in the short term, or for specific reasons.
It's not so much of a technical issue as much as the tradeoff in energy efficiency, weight, powertrain loss, and several other variables. With a casual consideration for transmission choice, a CVE seems like it'd actually be the optimal choice if we could make one that wouldn't rapidly disassemble itself with such massive amounts of low end torque.
AusShred is a proud Australian owned and operated shredding company providing secure document destruction, security bins and paper shredding services. We have years of hands on experience in the industry, visit us now if you are looking for secure document destruction in Melbourne
However what actually appears to happen is that the 100k is invested into the company to fund some growth plan. So is it actually the case that E's company is worth 400k only AFTER the transaction? Is the 100k added to the balance sheet as cash and would the other 300k be listed as an IP asset? The investor gets 25% of the shares of the company and pays $100k for them, so Owner's Equity increases by $100k, and the company gets $100k more in cash. The $400k number is an implicit calculation: if 25% of the company is worth $100k, 100% of the company is worth $400k. It's not on the books: the investor is just commenting that they feel that they are being over-charged.
"Would love to see it happen but unfortunately agree with you. There is already demand for a non-cable ISP but telecoms have dug in for the long fight and are actively fighting these out of existence.  Combine this with the fact that new media still needs to get it's content from somewhere and a ton of this content is owned by cable providers. They were willing to experiment with these new media sources when they were a tiny slice of the pie but now that new media is gaining mass market appeal, they want to massively overcharge for content to either a) drive the companies out of business or b) continue reaping their insane profits. The telecoms essentially have a monopoly and are using that to prolong the existence of dying businesses..  I see this playing out in one of several ways.  1. The government wises up and either breaks up the monopolies or allows internet to become available through other means (as a public utility or allowing these ""mom and pop"" ISP's to exist). Don't know about the rest of the world but it will be a while before this happens in the US.  2. New media providers find way to distribute and market independent content and rid themselves of at least one factor holding them back. Unfortunately most people don't seem to be interested in independent content. I would suspect this is largely due to these companies owning the vertical and telling you what you should watch as well.  3. These companies die a long slow and painful death at the hands of piracy at which point a sane and legal way of getting content is free to exist without being squashed out of existence."
For all stocks, expected Dividends are a part of the price it is traded for - consider that originally, the whole idea of stocks was to participate in the earnings of the company = get dividends. The day the dividend is paid, that expectation is of course removed, and thereby the stock value reduced by just the amount of dividend paid. You will see that behavior for all stocks, everywhere. The dividend in your example is just uncommonly high relative to the stock price; but that is a company decision - they can decide whatever amount they want as a dividend. In other words, the day before dividend payments, investors value the stock at ~14 $, plus an expected dividend payment of 12 $, which adds to 26 $. The day after the dividend payment, investors still value the stock at ~14 $, plus no more dividend payment = 0 $. Nothing changed really in the valuation.
Checks actually have a limited lifespan before the bank no longer has to honor them, which simplifies this question. After about 6 months you assume that check won't be cashed. If they find it after that, you write them a new check. If they don't, you really should pester them to do so.
The barrier to entry is extremely high in the ISP world. You either have to piggyback on an existing ISP and their lines, or you lay your own. Obviously Google is going with the latter, which is a huge undertaking that not only involves the work to actually lay the fiber, but also get regulatory approval and the funds to do so. They have the resources to do this, but only when the cities cooperate and work with them. Then there's the work involved with setting up all of the networking infrastructure to actually route customer traffic, set up peering agreements, etc. Basically, there are two kinds of entities that can do all this: existing ISPs (who obviously want to maintain the status quo), and companies with lots of influence and money and technical resources. You won't find a startup doing what Google is doing, at least not without some big players backing them.
Right now I'm busy trying a graphlab recommender that works with the MovieLens data set. Recommender systems are worth studying because search results are being generated according to these algorithms. When you Google something you don't see what everyone else sees. The search results were tailed to your search history and Google user profile.
Quite a lot changed since back then, so I consider it highly unlikely that you could point to one single cause. You can think about it more clearly when you remove money from the equation. Know that money is only an intermediary in the exchange of goods, and it is in fact the exchanged goods that matter. So to reframe your question. You produce some goods and exchange them for the goods you consume. The amount of goods that you can exchange what you produced for determines your quality of life. So what parts could change?  1. you could actually produce less. The alledged increase in productivity is really hard to accurately measure because even if you know for a fact that one worker's producitivity increased when buying a machine, maybe that comes at a cost of less productivity in other areas.  2. Not everything that you pay for does actually increase your quality of life, for example speeding tickets don't. Other stuff might increase your quality of life but in a manner that you don't easily recognize. For example more prisoners that you pay for might reduce your chance of being mugged, however if you're not being mugged on a regular basis you wouldn't notice.  3. Other people get a higher percentage. Most countries' tax rates rise with rising income, so when the currency is being devalued, tax rates rise relative to your purchasing power in addition to other taxes and fees that might be introduced or increased. But even without government your bosses might simply take a bigger cut of the company's earnings.  4. We might produce the wrong stuff. If more stuff gets produced that you do not want. The production of the stuff you do want will decline even if total productivity is increased.  And that is only what I can think of from the top of my head. You will probably find that all of those happen and most likely other causes as well.
I didn't say anything about the financial sector as a whole shrinking, I said that a lot of high paying jobs in that sector were lost and won't be replaced. Maybe some of those people found jobs in other parts of the financial sector, but likely at lower salaries.  Meanwhile jobs in other sectors are being added, which happen to have a lower average salary.   The author is drawing false conclusions from his data set, which is too sparse to be considered serious economic analysis in the first place.
It's unmanaged resources you have to be an idiot to put your private corporate dateaup there even if  it is locally encrypted.  I work for a large company that deals with a lot of high end tech patents and we just had a huge security issue come up because our engineers were using Dropbox with internal items.   We have now setup Mobilecho for a corporate Dropbox and will be deploying that across the board on top of our mobileiron mdm solution.
It doesn't matter.  The effect of that money being spent and entering into the economy as a whole is strongly positive.  This moralist argument is that unemployment is somehow tempting or enjoyable, but the only real support for that is the loathing associated with it.  Fighting with imaginary demons can hurt real people and economies.
Short-term to intermediate-term corporate bond funds are available. The bond fund vehicle helps manage the credit risk, while the short terms help manage inflation and interest rate risk. Corporate bond funds will have fewer Treasuries bonds than a general-purpose short-term bond fund: it sounds like you're interested in things further out along the risk curve than a 0.48% return on a 5-year bond, and thus don't care for the Treasuries. Corporate bonds are generally safer than stocks because, in bankruptcy, all your bondholders have to be paid in full before any equity-holders get a penny. Stocks are much more volatile, since they're essentially worth the value of their profits after paying all their debt, taxes, and other expenses.  As far as stocks are concerned, they're not very good for the short term at all. One of the stabler stock funds would be something like the Vanguard Equity Income Fund, and it cautions: This fund is designed to provide investors with an above-average level   of current income while offering exposure to the stock market. Since   the fund typically invests in companies that are dedicated to   consistently paying dividends, it may have a higher yield than other   Vanguard stock mutual funds. The fund’s emphasis on slower-growing,   higher-yielding companies can also mean that its total return may not   be as strong in a significant bull market. This income-focused fund   may be appropriate for investors who have a long-term investment goal   and a tolerance for stock market volatility. Even the large-cap stable companies can have their value fall dramatically in the short term. Look at its price chart; 2008 was brutal. Avoid stocks if you need to spend your money within a couple of years. Whatever you choose, read the prospectus to understand the risks.
I definitely agree. But this is the least click baity and most unbiased article I’ve seen about this topic. A lot of outlets are trying to frame it to look like they just fired a bunch of people for no reason.
I am not aware of that ha. I really know nothing. I was just thrown into it one day and came up with my own thoughts on what I wanted to do then it just kept happening. This is me stepping back and actually trying to learn. Maybe I’m not doing so bad though so that’s good to hear
Not that much money gets stuffed into mattresses, but a lot of money enters the black market and cannot be used until cleaned, a lot of money enters offshore banks to hide it, a lot of money that is intended to be trickled down to consumers for the purposes of commerce gets diverted into consolidating ownership of corporations, etc. There is definitely a tipping point at which consumers lack liquidity to participate in constant commerce, which impedes economic performance, without a doubt, depending on the extent it undermines opportunity.
200% margin for a short sale is outrageous. You should only need to put up 150% margin, of which 50% is your money, and the 100% is the proceeds.  With $100 of your money, you should be able to buy $100 of GOOG and short $100 of PNQI.
"It's not a scam because you lose money. It's a scam because the way to make money is by signing up other people to be part of your ""sales team"" or whatever they call it. You're not making money by selling products, you're making money by signing schmucks up who hopefully go on to sign up more schmucks."
"Yesterday I was reading in the travel StackExchange about an Indian guy who was about to hand his passport over to his Employer in Africa. His problem was that he had taken an unauthorized trip back to India against orders, but still - he was about to hand over his passport to his foreign employer. And he had nothing on his mind other than how to please his employer to keep his job.   This is the reality for a lot of people. They either don't have leverage, or don't know what leverage they do have. I'm a programmer, and I know because I've been told - reading, engaging in the community, and gaining real experience.    Remember that other people can be younger, less skilled, more naive, more easily intimidated, and it doesn't make them stupid or worse people.   Why would anyone let their employer stick a chip in their body? Because they don't know any better. Because the employer is an authority, or they want the job, or the are scared of the consequences if they don't.   Posting that it's a bad idea is a good step to helping people. They can google ""Should I let my Employer Stick A Microchip Into My Body?"" and find this. Call out Three Square Market, and their stupid idea."
index ETF tracks indented index (if fund manager spend all money on Premium Pokemon Trading Cards someone must cover resulting losses) Most Index ETF are passively managed. ie a computer algorithm would do automatic trades. The role of fund manager is limited. There are controls adopted by the institution that generally do allow such wide deviations, it would quickly be flagged and reported. Most financial institutions have keyman fraud insurance. fees are not higher that specified in prospectus Most countries have regulation where fees need to be reported and cannot exceed the guideline specified. at least theoretically possible to end with ETF shares that for weeks cannot be sold Yes some ETF's can be illiquid at difficult to sell. Hence its important to invest in ETF that are very liquid.
Read your link. Thanks.  The basic idea is that capitalism will work it out. And that each of us will pay a security agency to handle our disputes, and that rival security agencies will collaborate and negotiate with each other. And that private courts will be fair to protect their brand.  This overlooks some harsh realities that already exist with capitalism. Customers generally do not have time to purchase based on accurate information for every product. For example, airlines compete almost solely on price. Insurance companies compete on price and provide horrible, sometimes fraudulent service. But customers are left in the dark (who is to say the insurer committed fraud if it disputes it?) Banks operate with gross incompetence and deceipt and are left untouched by the justice system.   We have already discovered that just letting corporations operate without an restrictions creates serious problems. There has to be force that tempers their worst tendencies, even if that force (government) is imperfect.   I remain confused why people think that corporations are somehow more trustworthy and efficient than government agencies. Or that corporations can be used to address externalities.
"It depends on when you can get the money, not when you know that you won or when you choose to take the ticket in.  If you can present your ticket this year and get paid this year, the taxes are due this year, whether or not you actually choose to claim the prize this year.  If you cannot receive payment until next year, then taxes will be due next year.  This is ""constructive receipt,"" which applies to most individual tax situations. This assumes that you chose to receive a lump sum.  If you get installments, then your taxes would be due as the installments are available, but the constructive receipt still applies."
"The gold itself isn't debt, but most people stashed their gold away in a ""bank"" of some sort and got a piece of paper saying something along the lines of (Reddit bank owes you 50 grams of gold) and you would trade this as a form of money."
This can be best explained with an example. Bob thinks the price of a stock that Alice has is going to go down by the end of the week, so he borrows a share at $25 from Alice. The current price of the shares are $25 per share. Bob immediately sells the shares to Charlie for $25, it is fair, it is the current market price. A week goes by, and the price does fall to $20. Bob buys a share from David at $20. This is fair, it is the current market value. Then Bob gives the share back to Alice to settle what he borrowed from her, one share. Now, in reality, there is interest charged be Alice on the borrowed value, but to keep it simple, we'll say she was a friend and it was a zero interest loan. So then Bob was able to sell something he didn't own for $25 and return it spending $20 to buy it, settling his loan and making $5 in the transaction. It is the selling to Charlie and buying from David (or even Charlie later, if he decided to dump the shares), without having invested any of your own money that earns the profit.
Solve your business issues more accurately with our SAP netweaver development &amp; support services @Apprisia. We help you implement key scenarios including B2B EDI integration, browser based access to SAP, etc. Visit us at www.apprisia.com for more details.
"Other than the inconvienent fact that Treasury cannot sell to the Fed by law your theory is nice. You forget the step where the open market buys from the Treasury since they desire bonds to invest in, and the Fed can buy only from the open market.  Secondly, the Fed does not give cash to the Treasury. The mint (a branch of the Treasury, not the Fed) prints cash.  So it seems your understanding of how the money system works is quite wrong, yet since this is the Economy subreddit instead of the Economics subreddit, I expect you to get upvotes for saying what is popular even though it is laughably incorrect.  You seem to not like cash that was not ""even existing previously"". All cash was not existing previously. How do you expect people to make transactions? Barter?  You call them interest free loans (but above claimed they will never be paid back?), but then the Fed is making a profit on them? It seems you contradict yourself with all that handwaving.  It would be interesting for you to explain how (and why) money (not cash) gets added and removed to the economy.   Yay for ignorance!"
It's funny how the general public only complains about over regulation of companies when it's not in their favor. There's a reason so many businesses owners are GOP or Libertarian, the government is trying to do a lot of hand holding and micromanagement which is awful.
A *lot* of big companies offer credit cards. And it makes total sense. For example, if you have a Macy's card, you get access to special discounts that you wouldn't normally get. It saves the consumer money and builds loyalty to the brand. Same for Southwest credit cards. It's a completely normal move.  EDIT: Also, Uber doesn't actually have to do much - it's the issuing bank that manages the program. *Most* of the branded credit cards you see are Chase, BTW. Amazon and Southwest are both run by Chase.
"I don't have anything definitive, but in general positions in a company are not affected materially by what is called a corporate action. ""Corp Actions"" can really be anything that affects the details of a stock. Common examples are a ticker change, or exchange change, IPO (ie a new ticker), doing a split, or merging with another ticker. All of these events do not change the total value of people's positions. If a stock splits, you might have more shares, but they are worth less per share. A merger is quite similar to a split. The old company's stock is converted two the new companies stock at some ratio (ie 10 shares become 1 share) and then converted 1-to-1 to the new symbol. Shorting a stock that splits is no different. You shorted 10 shares, but after the split those are now 100 shares, when you exit the position you have to deliver back 100 ""new"" shares, though dollar-for-dollar they are the same total value. I don't see why a merger would affect your short position. The only difference is you are now shorting a different company, so when you exit the position you'll have to deliver shares of the new company back to the brokerage where you ""borrowed"" the shares you shorted."
"There are healthy people and there are sick people. Each are that way because of their genetics, behavior, and (somewhat) luck.   To some extent health insurance is insurance, and covers that luck... But mostly the Affordable Care Act and healthCare.gov are about health care... It's a scheme to allocate burdens, not to insure against risk.   Healthy people dont think this is fair. ""When I invest time at the gym, invest money and time on healthy food, invest in learning healthy habits... And someone else doesn't... Why should I have to pay for their heart replacement? The freerider chooses to risk heart disease while I foot their bill, I pay twice prevention for myself and a cure for him, while he increases the cost for us all. ""  Genetics is a touchy subject, but... if someone has a hugely expensive heridatible disease... Should that person and their spouse bear the burdens of having and raising their kids? If they can't afford to do so, should the rest of society have to take money away from their own families to finance that family's reproduction?"
I boycott a lot of overseas products. I think it's bullshit if you want to take your business out of the U.S to avoid taxes than don't expect to sell in the U.S.  You cannot have your  cake and eat it too.
Obama did a fine job that doesn't mean the spike immediately after trump was elected was because of Barack. Also the economy collapsing because of shitty housing loans really can't be blamed on GWB but you seem like a blue team player so whatever
"I think he makes a little mistake here:  &gt; And so, we might see that there has been this tendency for our psychology and our humanity to be less and less innovative, at a time when, in fact, we may need to be more and more innovative, if we're going to be able to survive the vast numbers of people on this earth.  In the first part of the sentence, he is talking about our ""per capita"" rate of innovation, i.e., we as individuals don't have to be as innovative to benefit as much as we used to because we have more access to innovative ideas, and hence can get that benefit from better copying.  In the latter part of the sentence, the ""need to be more and more innovative"", he's talking about the cumulative innovation, not per capita. The argument contradicts itself because the reason we *can* be individually less innovative is because we can produce *the same or greater* cumulative innovation by aggregating fewer local innovations over more people.  This is how idea evolution (i.e., memetics) works as opposed to material wealth. Say, for instance, we all contribute a little to GDP. If there are more people contributing, GDP will grow. But we each can only access our little portion of it, so GDP per capita really tells a better story.  Ideas don't work like that. If we aggregate everyone's useful innovations into an ""innovation GDP"", we all share the full cumulative GDP. It doesn't get divided such the we can only access a small portion of the idea. Hence less per capita contribution can still produce more ""innovation value"". So in the latter sense we are becoming ""more innovative"" on aggregate.  He also seems to miss the important factor of efficiency. We have evolved means to make selection of *good* ideas more efficient via, for instance, the scientific method. Hence with the same or less innovation at the hypothesis level, we can produce more useful idea output with less effort (trial and error).  He has some good discussion points, but I think he's missed a few key parts of the math."
If the question is where banks get the money used to pay interest they owe: they do so by lending that money to us at a higher interest rate. They make a gross profit from the interest we pay, they pass part of that to their depositors as interest, part of it goes to service their own debts, part of it may go to stockholders as dividends, and the rest is net profit.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/10/palestinian-minors-arrested-israel-suffer-abuse-171024215105404.html) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; He is one of the hundreds of Palestinian minors in the occupied territories that are arrested by Israel on a yearly basis.  &gt; Unprotected: The detention of Palestinian Teenagers in East Jerusalem&amp;quot;, includes 60 affidavits collected from Palestinian teenagers who were arrested by Israel between May 2015 and October 2016.  &gt; According to the Palestinian prisoner rights group Addameer, more than 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested by Israel since 2000.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/78n26s/palestinian_minors_arrested_by_israel_suffer_abuse/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~234725 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **arrest**^#1 **Israeli**^#2 **minor**^#3 **Palestinian**^#4 **right**^#5"
"I mean that is disjointed, are you implying the financial collapse of Hoover and Coolidge was the result of government entitlement programs and that the New Deal was other than that? You've got things reversed, the stock market collapse was financial deregulation and speculation with hands off free market principals you seem to root for. The New Deal and Truman Doctrine expanded entitlements and have avenues for access to education, trade skills, work digging and filling holes, publicly funded infrastructure and technology. Truman in fact wanted a single payer system. ""Concrete"" economics work, the hand of the free market cannot fill the void left by withdrawal of public funding."
Preparation &amp; processing an application for obtaining Code Number / sub -code number to the newly establishment &amp; Branch office in various part of states for extending the benefit of ESI Scheme to employees employed in that regions. We would process an online application to obtain TIC of newly joined employees within 10 days from the date of joining and data for the same shall be provided by you in time. We would be retrieving the Individual Insurance No.s &amp; maintain their contributions in the devised ESIC Register to be maintained. Monthly Payment Challans to be computed online and same shall be forwarded to you for payment on or before 21st of every month. To ensure payment before due date, data shall be provided in time. Preparation and compilation of Half Yearly Returns and Annual Returns would be our responsibility in cases where manual challan is prepared. All the Payments and Returns would be filed within the stipulated time and the adherence would be monitored by us. Guidelines to the Insured Persons (I.P.) pertaining to the Benefits under the ESIC Act, 1948 and provision of Information related to Insurance Medical Practitioner(Imp's) and Hospitals through ESIC. We would be liasoning on behalf of the establishment with the Regional Office &amp; Branch Office for ensuring smooth functioning. We would also be attending the periodical Inspections and hearings on behalf of the establishment. The Responsibility of the Assessment would be limited for the period which would be coverable under our service tenure. We will keep the Company posted on all Amendments &amp; Development of the Act.
There are two basic kinds of derivatives - forward contracts and options.   A forward is an agreement between two parties for one party to buy/sell some asset to the other at a price that they agree upon today at some date in the future. An option is an agreement that gives one party the right, but not the obligation, to buy/sell the asset at some date in the future.  Most derivatives that exist are a combination of these two things. For instance, a futures contract is a standardized forward contract that is traded on an exchange, and a swap is a portfolio (or chain) of forward contracts linked together. American/Bermudan options are just options that allow you to exercise on more than one day.
Tell your employer during your initial contract Terms of Service discussions.  Ordinarily, this is boilerplate but you should ask for a rider in your contract which says - in some form - I already have IP, I will continue to work on this IP in my own time, and any benefit or opportunity derived from this IP will continue to be entirely mine. I requested exactly such a rider when I took up a new job just over a year ago and my employer was extremely accommodating.  That I already had a company in which that IP could reside actually made the process easier. As @JohnFX has already mentioned, not telling your employer is both unethical as well as storing up potential legal hassles for you in the futre.
It certainly is possible for a run on the bank to drive it into insolvency.  And yes, if the bank makes some bad loans, it can magnify the problem. Generally, this does not happen, though.  Remember that banks usually have lots of customers, and people are depositing money and making mortgage payments every day, so there is usually enough on-hand to cover average banking withdrawl activity, regardless of any bad loans they have outstanding. Banks have lots of historical data to know what the average withdrawl demands are for a given day.  They also have risk models to predict the likelihood of their loans going into default.  A bank will generally use this information to strike a healthy balance between profit-making activity (e.g. issuing loans), and satisfying its account holders. In the event of a major withdrawl demand, there are some protections in place to guard against insolvency. There are regulations that specify a Reserve Requirement.  The bank must keep a certain amount of money on hand, so they can't take huge risks by loaning out too much money all at once.  Regulators can tweak this requirement over time to reflect the current economic situation. If a bank does run into trouble, it can take out a short-term loan.  Either from another bank, or from the central bank (e.g. the US Federal Reserve).  Banks don't want to pay interest on loans any more than you do, so if they are regularly borrowing money, they will adjust thier cash reserves accordingly. If all else fails and the bank can't meet its obligations (e.g. the Fed loan fell through), the bank has an insurance policy to make sure the account holders get paid.  In the US, this is what the FDIC is for.  Worst case, the bank goes under, but your money is safe. These protections have worked pretty well for many decades.  However, during the recent financial crisis, all three of these protections were under heavy strain.  So, one of the things banking regulators did was to put the major banks through stress tests to make sure they could handle several bad financial events without collapsing.  These tests showed that some banks didn't have enough money in reserve.  (Not long after, banks started to increase fees and credit card rates to raise this additional capital.) Keep in mind that if banks were unable to use the deposited money (loan it out, invest it, etc), the current financial landscape would change considerably.
Our Website : http://www.abcdreamusa.com/f2-visa-guide/ Applying for a visa to a foreign country can be a daunting task. It’s enough to make some of us not want to travel or look at destinations that offer visas on arrival! The United States of America (USA) has a stringent visa application process. ABC Dream USA has a geographical advantage to the general company. It involves many steps but the good news is that it’s not impossible to do if you follow the instructions carefully. We hope to simplify the process for you so here’s your USA visa go-to guide.
Depends on how long you're willing to invest for. Broadly speaking, the best (by which I mean, more reliably repeatable) way to make money from market corrections is to accept them as a fact of life, and not sell in a panic when they happen, such that the money you already invested can ride back up again. Put another way, just invest your money in one or two broad, low cost index funds with dividends reinvested (maybe spreading your investment over the course of six months or so) and then let time do its work. Have you worked out how much you've missed out on by holding your money as cash all this time (I presume you've been saving up a while) instead of investing it as you went? I suspect that by waiting for your correction, you've already missed out on more than you're going to make from that correction.
Monetizing mobile is just the one thing your regular investor can think of.  FB can create their own customer web browser.  FB-phone.  They're moving into Skype's market with video conferencing and chat.  Their data mining alone is worth a fortune.  They know everything about you plus every site you visit.  In-line newsfeed adverts.  **Now I agree with everything you say**, but their earning potential is huge if they're creative.  For some reason, people think that throwing ads on their mobile is going to be their next big cash cow, when I think it'll be minimal.  The biggest thing to FB's potential success is not driving the user base away.  I'd go long at $22 pretty comfortably.
La empresa ofrece los mejores alojamientos en Cuba. Si quieres hacer paquetes turísticos en Cuba, entonces puedes venir a nuestro sitio web de la compañía. Son diferentes tipos de instalaciones para alquileres de vacaciones. Tenemos una amplia gama de apartamentos, hostales, casas privadas, económicos y lujos distribuidos en las casas de campo. La empresa ofrece la mejor oferta de vacaciones, Cuba es país agradecido por disfrutar de las vacaciones. Tal como la variedad permite al visitante tener Hospedaje en Cuba, ubicados en zonas rurales, ideales para el disfrute del ecoturismo, Alquileres de vacaciones en ciudades con estilo colonial donde el tiempo parece haber dejado de permitir revivir tiempos antiguos. Hasta alojamiento en ciudades o ubicación de playas para el disfrute de nuestro eterno verano.
Your best bet would be to add your name to the title through the bank or have her sell it to you for the amount she owes then you get a loan for that amount like they said before. If you guys split up at this point she'll legally get to keep the car you've been paying for. You could apply for a new loan and have her cosign but it'll make your monthly payments higher. Have her sell you the car for the amount owed them you get a loan for that amount. Since you are together and you've been paying for it you won't lose any money and your monthly payments won't be expensive if you don't owe that much on the car. Pretty much having her sell it to you would be the smartest idea cause keeping Her name on the title will allow Her to legally drive away in your car if you split and you don't want that lol
The point of unemployment insurance *from a governmental spending perspective* is as stimulus.  The government is interested in keeping society working properly for as many people as possible, it is not concerned with giving *you* money between *your* jobs.  Unemployment insurance helps make sure that recessions do not turn into depressions, because the economy won't grind to a halt as soon as people get fired.
"listed simultaneously in New York, London, and maybe even some Asian markets - is this correct? If the exchanges are not connected, then in primary market the shares are listed. On other exchanges, the ""Depository Receipts"" are listed. i.e. the Company will keep say 100,000 shares with the primary stock exchange / depository. Based on this it would create new instruments ""Depository Receipts"". They can be 1:1 or whatever ratio. hypothetically, if I want to buy all of the company's stock Even if it is on one exchange, buying all stocks would trigger various regulatory aspects of Companies Act, or Stock Exchange rules. This is not simple or easy like clicking some buttons and buying everything. That is, let's say that in New York the company has listed 1000 shares, and in London only 10 shares, each worth 10 USD Market capitalization is sum of all outstanding shares into value."
&gt; The single payer health care makes it so much easier to be a contractor or to create a startup.   You have no idea how much I want a Single Payer for that exact reason. Also that it would allow everyone to have access to healthcare.   Single payer would not only reduce healthcare burdens on employers but control the cost of healthcare.  I hope we have a state by state implementation of Single Payer.
"A golf course project driven by an African-American university trained Hypnotherapist who wants ""to see this turned into a great place to live, work and play and have it be predominantly black. A great place to play golf, go to the beach, with great schools, a place that turns out scholars, athletes and artists. A place that’s banging, as they say.”   I love me some internets."
Sure, sure, as long as we shift over to a socialist or post-scarcity economy first.  While I have to compete with the arbitrarily-enhanced for jobs, fuck no I'm not letting them go forward.  Note: I'm in favor of transhumanism, in favor of the Singularity, in favor of post-scarcity economies.  I'm *not* in favor of capitalism, which makes human progress into a danger to be contained.
"It is true that all else being equal, you will pay a lower amount of total interest by paying down your highest interest rate debts first.  However, all else is not always equal.  I'm going to try to come up with some reasons why it might be better in some circumstances to pay your debts in a different order.  And I'll try to use as much math as possible.  :) Let's say that your goal is to eliminate all of your debt as fast as possible.  The faster you do this, the lower the total interest that you will pay.  Now, let's consider the different methods that you could take to get there: You could pay the highest interest first, you could pay the lowest interest first, or you could pay something in the middle first.  No matter which path you choose, the quicker you pay everything off, the lower total interest you will pay.  In addition to that, the quicker you pay everything off, the difference in total interest paid between the most optimal method and the least optimal method will be less.  To put this in mathematical notation: limt→0 Δ Interest(t) = 0 Given that, anything we can do to speed up the time it takes to get to ""debt free"" is to our advantage. When paying large amounts of debt as fast as possible, sacrifice is needed.  And this means that psychology comes into play.  I don't know about you, but for me, gamifying the system makes everything easier.  (After all, gamification is what gets us to write answers here on SE.) One way to do this is to eliminate individual debts as quickly as possible.  For example, let's say that I've got 10 debts.  5 of them are for $1k each.  3 of them are for $5k each, 1 is a $20k car loan, and 1 is a $100k mortgage.  Each one has a monthly payment. Let's say that I've got $3k sitting in the bank that I want to use to kickstart my debt reduction.  I could pay all $3k toward one of my larger loans, or I could immediately pay off 3 of my 10 loans.  Ignore interest for the moment, and let's say that we are going to pay off the smallest loans first.  When I eliminate these three loans, three of my monthly payments are also gone.  Now let's say that with the money I was paying toward these eliminated debts, and some other money I was able to scrape together $500 a month that I want to use toward debt reduction.  In four months, I've eliminated the last two $1k debts, and I'm down to 5 debts instead of 10.  Achievement Unlocked! Instead of this strategy, I could have paid toward my largest interest rate.  Let's say that was one of the $5k loans.  I paid the $3k toward the bank to it, and because I still had all the monthly payments after that, I was only able to scrape together $400 a month extra toward debt reduction.  In four months, I still have 10 debts. Now let's say that after these four months, I have a bad month, and some unexpected expenses come up.  If I've eliminated 5 of my debts, my monthly payments are less, and I'll have an easier month then I would have had if I still had 10 monthly payments to deal with. Each time I eliminate a debt, the amount extra I have each month to tackle the remaining debts gets bigger.  And if your goal is eliminating debt quickly, these early wins can really help motivate you on.  It really feels like you are getting somewhere when your monthly bills go down.  It also helps you with the debt free mindset.  You start to see a future where you aren't sending payments to the banks each month.  This method of paying your smaller debts first has been popularized in recent years by Dave Ramsey, and he calls it the debt snowball method. There might be other reasons why you would pick one debt over another to pay first.  For example, let's say that one of your loans is with a bank that has terrible customer service.  They don't send you bills on time, they process your payment late, their website stinks, they are a constant source of stress, and you are getting sick of them.  That would be a great reason to pay that debt first, and never set foot in that bank again. In conclusion: If you have a constant amount of extra cash each month that you are going to use to reduce your debt, and this will never change, then, yes, you will save money over the long run by paying the highest interest debt first.  However, if you are trying to eliminate your debt as fast as possible, and you are sacrificing in your budget, sending every extra penny you can scrape together toward debt reduction, the ""snowball"" method of knocking out the small debts first can help motivate you to continue to sacrifice toward your goal, and can also ease the cash flow situation in difficult months when you find yourself with less extra to send in."
Indeed.  10-20 years down the line who knows where the computing capabilities will be at. But for now, and the foreseeable future IMHO, there are simply too many variables involved to take a human completely out of the cockpit. I will still want to know that there are two sets of eyeballs looking out the of the cockpit and monitoring the gauges.
comments discuss investing in potato futures. Learn / ready about commodity trading or commodity futures. An investopedia article How To Invest In Commodities is a good start.  There are quite a few commodities offered for normal trade or as futures. Potatos may not be offered on quite a few exchanges. Found some here Investing in commodities is fraught with quite a bit of risk, some like you have already pointed out. Of course you can't eat all and have to sell.
If only there were some mechanism, built into capitalism, by which enough people would find it worthwhile to incur the expense of going to college and getting teaching credentials so that there would no longer be a shortage of teachers.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/blogs/stateline/2017/08/15/supposedly-symbolic-state-travel-bans-have-real-bite) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Conference and convention planners say there is a powerful stigma associated with the state bans that goes beyond government travel, scaring away visitors who aren&amp;#039;t state employees or who hail from states other than the one that issued the ban.  &gt; California banned state travel to Tennessee to protest a state law allowing mental health counselors and therapists to refuse to treat patients based on religious objections or personal beliefs.  &gt; California state Assemblyman Evan Low, a Democrat who sponsored the California travel ban law, said its intent is not to &amp;quot;Impose our California values on another sister state. The real issue is that we are making a strong statement that supports fundamental basic humanity.""   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6u4udi/supposedly_symbolic_state_travel_bans_have_real/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~192444 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **state**^#1 **ban**^#2 **California**^#3 **travel**^#4 **city**^#5"
Here's a great Canadian college/university cost calculator I used; found at Canadian Business - they say: Our tool is divided into three easy   steps. First, calculate the tuition   cost for the university and faculty   you wish to attend. Then, calculate any additional fees   for residence (on campus student   housing), meal plans, athletics,   health and student services. This will   give you the total cost a student will   pay at a Canadian university in   2006/7. Once you know the total annual cost,   take the third step to calculate the   total cost for the duration of the   course of study. Of course, this only calculates what it will cost you NOW, not eighteen years from now, but it's a good start :)
"Here is a simple loan payment calculator.  If you allow early principal repayment, then you should just be able to plug in the new principal amount to find his new monthly payment (someone please correct me if I'm mistaken). Are you averse to creating a spreadsheet yourself in excel?  I suppose it could become quite an undertaking, depending on how detailed you chose to get with the interest.  Seems like it would be more direct and serve the dual purpose of recordkeeping. It's important to agree in advance whether pre-payments go to principal or go partly to interest (prepaying for periodic amounts not yet due, which are mixed principal and interest).  It's a family loan, so it probably makes sense to allow the prepayments to pay down principal; you don't need to structure your interest income and prevent him from depriving you of interest income (which many bank loans will do).  Allowing early principal repayment is pretty easy to calculate in your own excel spreadsheet, since you just need to know the remaining principal, time outstanding, and the interest rate. Note that if you are a US citizen, then the interest paid to you will be taxable income to you (""ordinary income"" rate).  Your brother will not be able to deduct the interest payments, unless maybe they are used for something like his business or perhaps mortgage.  There is no deduction for just a personal loan. Also, if you instead structured it without interest, then the interest not charged would be considered a gift under US gift tax law.  As long as the annual interest were under the gift exclusion amount ($14,000) then there would be no gift tax.  With no interest and no gift, you would not have tax consequences."
"I'm constantly terrified of the monthly jobs report, and yet what's funny is I work for an office in New York City (which I won't name for anonymity reasons), and we're always hiring people. Every week, it seems, we get a ""Please welcome our newest employee""  email. I should be happy but I see what's really going on in the country and the world and I think ""....this is going to end badly for this company!"" :("
Banks cannot survive without the government.  Once people lose faith in the governement, the banking system will fail.  The banking system failing is a symptom of the issue, not a cause.  Backstopping the banks protects the general populace, and prevents runs which will actually destroy the banking system.  The burden shifts from the banks to the government.  But a gaurantee is not an actual payment.  The banks still operate as normal without any cash from the government, but with the knowledge that, if they ARE over extended, the government will take on their debt.  the government gaurantee lowers the rates that the banks pay to raise debt to continue to operate.  So let's say PIIGS fully bail out their banking system, paying off all debt, that's worse case.  Where does the money come from?   Revenues, aka taxes.  If the gov't takes on the bank debt and has positve revenue, no problem, a little less hand outs, but the country as a whole benefits from having a functioning banking system.  If revenues are poor or negative, however, it's just adding to the deficit.  Gov't can print money, don't forget.   But if revenues are poor and there's no hope to see them improve...Boom, all hell breaks loose, and you get Europe.
I've heard this is true, and that's what I plan to do personally. But I know people who ditch their cars every few years for something newer and better. If they could be convinced to buy a Tesla instead of a giant Jeep, that is still progress.
"I'd agree with maybe a concept of ""situational value"" being negative while accepting ""intrinsic value"" means ""what use a person can expect to get out of it"", but again, both ultimately are subjective. That said, there can be benefits from drawing a distinction between the two.  Going back to Bitcoin, it does have an ""intrinsic value"", because the value of Bitcoin itself is that it can be divided up easily, transferred easily, and etc, all the things that make a currency valuable. Traditionally, we value things as money if they meet many of the following criteria:  1. Medium of exchange 2. Unit of account 3. Store of value 4. Standard of deferred payment 5. Measure of Value  Gold meets some of these better than others, dollars meet some of these better than others, and so on, but Bitcoin meets all of these very well, which means (at least to me) that Bitcoin has intrinsic value in that it meets the definition of what we value the most in a *currency*.  So maybe as long as we agree that there is a difference between subjective value and intrinsic value, and agree that subjective value can, in fact, be negative, there may be something to go on here."
Usually, you can buy ETFs through brokerages.  I looked at London to see if there's any familiar brokerage names, and it appears that the address below is to Fidelity Investments Worldwide and their site indicates that you can buy securities. Any brokerage, in theory, should allow you to invest in securities.  You could always call and ask if they allow you to invest in ETFs.  Some brokerages may also allow you to purchase securities in other countries; for instance, some of the firms in the U.S. allow investors to invest in the ETF HK:2801, which is not a U.S. ETF.  Many countries have ETF securities available to local and foreign investors.  This site appears to help point people to brokers in London. Also, see this answer on this site (a UK investor who's invested in the U.S. through Barclays).
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://americanaffairsjournal.org/2017/08/ricardos-vice-virtues-industrial-diversity/) reduced by 97%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; On the issue of the relocation of production from high-wage First World to low-wage Third World countries, modern economists have pushed Ricardo&amp;#039;s Vice past even Ricardo&amp;#039;s limits.  &gt; The theory of comparative advantage would lead you to expect that in a world with very low trade barriers-basically the modern globalized world-most countries would have specialized trade profiles, so that they would score low in both ubiquity and diversity.  &gt; The success of this index in predicting which countries are likely to outperform growth expectations in the future was related to the role of product diversity within a country, which enable new products to be invented.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6uuv95/ricardos_vice_and_the_virtues_of_industrial/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~194929 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **country**^#1 **trade**^#2 **industry**^#3 **product**^#4 **Ricardo**^#5"
First of all, there are some differences between the retirement accounts that you mentioned regarding taxes.  Traditional IRA and 401(k) accounts allow you to make pre-tax contributions, giving you an immediate tax deduction when you contribute.  Roth IRA, Roth 401(k) are funded with after tax money, and a non-retirement account is, of course, also funded with after tax money.  So if you are looking for the immediate tax deduction, this is a point in favor of the retirement accounts. Roth IRA & Roth 401(k) accounts allow the investment to grow tax-free, which means that the growth is not taxed, even when taking the investment out at retirement.  With Traditional IRA and 401(k) accounts, you need to pay tax on the gains realized in the account when you withdraw the money, just as you do with a non-retirement account.  This is a point in favor of the Roth retirement accounts. To answer your question about capital gains, yes, it is true that you do not have a capital gain until an investment is sold.  So, discounting the contribution tax deductions of the retirement accounts, if you only bought individual stocks that never paid a dividend, and never sold them until retirement, you are correct that it really wouldn't matter if you had it in a regular brokerage account or in a traditional IRA.  However, even people dedicated to buy-and-hold rarely actually buy only individual stocks and hold them for 30 years. There are several different circumstances that will generally happen in the time between now and when you want to withdraw the money in retirement that would be taxable events if you are not in a retirement account: If you sell an investment and buy a different one, the gains would be taxable. If you want to rebalance your holdings, this also involves selling a portion of your investments.  For example, if you want to maintain an 80% stock/20% bond ratio, and your stock values have gone up to 90%, you might want to sell some stock and buy bonds.  Or if you are getting closer to retirement, you might decide to go with a higher percentage of bonds.  This would trigger capital gains. Inside a mutual fund, anytime the management sells investments inside the fund and realizes capital gains, these gains are passed on to the investors, and are taxable.  (This happens more often with managed funds than index funds, but still happens occasionally with index funds.) Dividends earned by the investments are taxable.  Any of these events in a non-retirement account would trigger taxes that need to be paid immediately, even if you don't withdraw a cent from your account.
"Is there any way through this? Yes, but you're not going to like it. If your friend has guaranteed the loans, then it's your friend's obligation to pay them when the brother-in-law is not cooperating. That's what it means to guarantee a loan.  (Obligatory: ""Before lending your friends or family money, ask yourself which you need more."")"
"Find approximate housing-cost difference, which is likely to swamp the tax differences. Find a cost-of-living measurement you believe for each state and figure appropriate state's sales tax on the non-housing portion of it (numbers can be found on line). Figure out roughly what your state income tax would be (forms on line). Figure city sales tax for each city you'd live in (again, numbers on line). Determine transportation cost differences. Determine entertainment cost differences (""First prize: one week in Hackensack. Second prize: TWO weeks!"")  Mix and add seasonings to taste... Then remember that many people commute into the City, including from NJ, so run the numbers that way... and think about how much time you're willing to spend communting every day (and via which forms of transportation); the worse the commute, the less housing costs. Then remember that companies in NYC are aware of all the above, and are likely to adjust their salaries to partly offset it... because otherwise they couldn't recruit anyone who wasn't already a Noo Yawker... so the real question here is whether their adjustment, plus not living in Noo Joisey, is enough to make up the difference for you. To get more accuracy than that, you need to start nailing down specifics. Possible. Not trivial."
"Your numbers are way off, but the point is still valid regarding diabetes, even at 1/10th or 1/100th of what you claim.  The long term health (and lifespan) implications of diabetes (not to mention the larger ""obesity"" problem) are NOT something to be simply ignored.  Likewise with the long term costs/consequence of other health-related problems (STD's, anti-biotic resistant bacteria, etc)."
"Check out Irwin Schiff's ""How an Economy Grows and Why it Doesn't"".  It explains how economy's work using a comic format, explaining investment, savings, banking, gov't, taxation,etc, although you may need to be at least 10 to understand some of the concepts. :)"
If this were a business owned by an atheist who didn't want to hire religious fanatics Fox News would have a week of programming covering the persecution. So I wonder how much I'll see this story on their channel today?
"Then that doctor will have to decide whether they want to keep making $200k / year or screw around with malpractice.  Same with the c - level exec.  it's a simple risk/reward analysis the rest of us go through.   If you do something illegal, you should face the same repercussions.  Edit: very clearly not talking about mistakes for ""malpractice"", we're talking about breaking the law and only getting a fine."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/25/democrats-2018-agenda-minimum-wage-increase-238828) reduced by 75%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Thursday vowed to take up a $15 minimum wage in the first 100 hours of the next Congress if Democrats take back the chamber next year.  &gt; The California Democrat conspicuously harkened to 2007, when her caucus raised the minimum wage to its current level of $7.25 as part of an ambitious campaign for its first 100 hours in power.  &gt; The broad Democratic support for Thursday&amp;#039;s minimum wage hike illustrates the extent of Sanders&amp;#039; influence on the agenda of the party whose leadership he has joined - without formally becoming a Democrat.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ejcr9/pelosi_dems_will_pass_15_minimum_wage_if_we_take/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~133545 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **minimum**^#1 **wage**^#2 **Democrat**^#3 **15**^#4 **Pelosi**^#5"
Sounds like you are stuck. These are your options:  increase limit Not going to happen. You said you don't qualify. You also won't convince them to let you access more borrowing power by arguing that you can't pay now. No responsible lender would take that bet. negotiate balance Unlikely. This sounds like mostly real debt, not fees. They generally won't write off real debt except if you are in default. They will only negotiate if they think you can't pay. Note that this will probably hurt your credit, as they will report that you didn't pay your debt. pay down balance This is your best and only real option. If you can't afford to pay down the balance you can't afford to borrow more.  I am sorry for your situation; it is frustrating. I know how that feels. It is a textbook example of the risk associated with debt. Even if you plan to pay the balance every month, when the unexpected happens, you pay the price.
P/E = price per earnings. low P/E (P/E < 4) means stock is undervalued.
They are owned by AB Inbev which does own a massive share of the beer market.   They have also purchased beer distributors and prevented them from selling competing products.   They have also purchased hop growers and refused to sell hops to compeditors.   So they might not be a monopoly yet but they are sure trying.
"Summarized article: In Canada, Jennifer Desloges, owner of an electrolysis business, is accusing Yelp, a user review website, of hurting businesses by burying positive reviews and lowering ratings.   Desloges encouraged her customers to post real comments about her business on the Yelp site. 17 customers posted positive reviews which boosted her rating to 5 stars but her rating later dropped to 2 1/2 stars when some positive reviews were filtered out.   Yelp uses an algorithm to filter out reviews by users who don't write reviews as often and are not ""trusted"" users. The intent is to filter out fake reviews by those trying to manipulate the system.   Yelp explained that although Desloges received genuine reviews, they were likely filtered out because they were from infrequent Yelp users.  Desloges says the low Yelp rating is causing her to lose potential customers.   Other small business owners have also complained about Yelp's filtering system. Some tried suing Yelp because they claimed Yelp was manipulating user reviews to force them to advertise. The judge said there was no proof of the claims and dismissed the case.  *For more summarized news, subscribe to the [/r/SkimThat](http://www.reddit.com/r/SkimThat) subreddit*"
"&gt; So I don't really see the point when that revenue will possibly not even exist.  The state is trading revenue that possibly will not exist for revenue that definitely will not exist. That is a cost.  (And saying the revenue ""possibly will not exist"" is a huge overstatement. Most of those people would find work in other areas.)"
&gt; That's a simplified, layman's argument that you have minunderstood.  That's the only argument presented against deflation in the link you posted  &gt; Suffice to say, literally everyone who studies this stuff agrees that a small amount of controlled inflation is beneficial   I don't think there is a single topic where [literally everyone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwI3Nya5L9g) agrees on something. Even if they did, it doesn't make it right. You seem informed enough that I don't have to use cliched examples.  &gt; Econ 101. Take it. Love it.  I believe that you've taken Econ 101
This looks correct to me, for simple interest. If you are dealing with compound interest, the formula would be: So, A = 500000(1+0.036/365)^(30), or 501,481.57, or an interest of 1481.57, assuming the 3.6% is the annual nominal interest rate and it is compounded daily. Note that you are ignoring the depreciation and also ignoring the percentage of customers who will forfeit their debt in the 30 - 60 day period.
I don't think you're missing anything. Many modern trading systems actually warn you when trying to enter a market order, asking if you are sure that you wouldn't prefer to set a limit. I fully agree with you that it is usually just better to define a limit even 20% higher than just doing a market trade. Let me give you some examples when you still might prefer to use a market order instead of a limit: But even in those two examples a (wide) limit order might just be the safer thing to do.  So, what it really comes down to is speed: A market order has no other criterias to be defined, is thus entered faster and saves you a few seconds that might be crucial.
There are many barriers to breaking out of poverty. We almost incentivize it. We take away benefits when people get jobs and make them work harder when they finally have an income by raising taxes and what not. It's hard to make money when you don't have a stable home, car, or even cellphone. There's basically 3 ways out of poverty: education (however loans are fucking that up$, the military, (though not all can get in and I hear they are being more selective), and then marriage. There's so many different people and different stories that you can't just say 1 thing is stopping them. Yes there are lazy people. But there are also hard working people who can't get ahead.   If we really wanted a meritocracy why can people inherit wealth they did not work for themselves? Why not have huge inheritance taxes where offspring basically get nothing? The truth is that the issues are vast and complicated.
The state isn't that blue. Chicago is, but much of the rest of the state is a reddish purple. Large chunks of the pension problem come from mismanagement of the plans and over ambitious outlooks on the plan assets (ex chasing risky investments in a low growth environment because the liabilities of the plan had assumed 8% growth). There's also the corruption, but...
A savings account is your best bet.   You do not have the time frame to mitigate/absorb risks.  The general guideline for investment is 5 years or more.  As you state you are no where near close to that time frame.
Yeah I agree this business model isn't really the same and why a company like GameFly hasn't taken off like Netflix. Game makers don't really need to do it. There's fewer titles than movies and people spend a lot more time with a game then they do with a movie. Also people are obviously still willing to pay $60/game for premium newly released games or else they wouldn't still be doing it. Game prices have actually gone up over the last ten years versus the opposite for films.
"I am not an expert in this stuff, but my understanding is that the debt is in the form of US treasury securities, which mature at set rates and are paid at maturation.  So technically, the US Treasury ""pays off"" a portion of its debt whenever the debt securities mature.  Thus, if China (or any country) buys new Treasury securities at a slower rate than its currently held Treasury securities are maturing, the amount of US debt held by China will decrease.  This is what I hear China has been doing recently."
Questrade is a Canada based broker offering US stock exchange transactions as well. It says this right on their homepage. ETFs are traded like stocks, so the answer is yes.  Why did you think they only offered funds?
The day trader in the article was engaging in short selling.  Short selling is a technique used to profit when a stock goes down.  The investor borrows shares of a stock from someone else and sells them.  After the stock price goes down, the investor buys the shares back and returns them, pocketing the difference. As the day trader in the article found out, it is a dangerous practice, because there is no limit to the amount of money you can lose. The stock was trading at $2, and the day trader thought the stock was going to go down to $1.  He borrowed and sold 8,400 shares at $2.  He hoped to buy them back at $1 and earn $8,400 profit.  Instead, the stock went up a lot, and he was forced to buy back the shares at $18.50 per share, or about $155,400.  He had had $37,000 with E-Trade, which they took, and he is now over $100,000 in debt.
&gt;How so? Just because you can't test for something means it should be thrown out of consideration?  I think we're arguing the same thing. Just because someone could cheat and mislabel something as antibiotic-free doesn't change the meaning of antibiotic-free: the animal was never treated with antibiotics.
PenFed Platinum Cashback Rewards Visa Card is another good choice. Pros: Cons:
Banks loan out money they don't have to you to get you to pay them interest. It's all just computer bits. Papier maché would require that they actually have money. If everybody told BofA that they wanted to close their accounts and to get the money in cash, it would never be able to happen.
&gt; The logic behind QE is as follows. A central bank, which alone has the power to create (and print) money, wants to spur inflation, so that companies will be encouraged to borrow money and invest it, creating jobs.  That is not the logic of QE.  The logic is that assets must remain inflated enough for banks to survive, and the rich, with the trading profits,  made by trading ahead of central banks QE, will pump up other assets with their cashflow, and support banking solvency and profitability as they participate directly in the bond profits, and indirectly, by having their loans secured by general assets paid back due to asset inflation and stability.  There was absolutely no honest hope of QE trickling down to the productive economy.  No reason for new production, as its only effect is a few at the top that can afford bigger cars and homes.  Bank stability helps jobs much better than bank failures, but its more about keeping investment/loan spigots flowing than about increasing production/investment demand.
When you own a share, you also own a vote (in most cases). That vote is your means of controlling the assets and management of the company. If you had enough votes and wanted to trade a share for an iPhone or liquidate the company entirely, you could do it. The only thing that prevents you from doing that is that companies are not set up to handle the transaction that way. Stock holders are usually trying to buy investments, not iPhones. There are companies that have more cash in the bank than the market cap (total value) of their stock. They usually don't remain as public companies for long in that case. An investor or group of investors buy them up and split the cash. If you had enough shares of Apple, you could do that to; or, just trade one for an iPhone.
SEO (Search Engine Optimization) one of the essential components of Online Reputation Management (ORM). The purpose of ORM (online reputation management service) is monitored and promote the company or brand, name and pushing the company or brand’s negative review down in SERPs whereas SEO focus to drive traffic and moving the website higher in the SERPs. ORM (Online Reputation Management) services concentrate on business or individuals, even as SEO on Search Engine. We get a lot of clients when they face critical situations with their online reputations jeopardized.
If your tap water is terrible (very rare in the U.S.)  it makes sense to buy the large water jugs.   What I'm referring to is paying 1€ or more for a plastic bottle that costs .01€ to make filled with .000001€  of water.   Nestle and Coco-Cola literally bottle municipal water in the United States.  There is ZERO difference between most bottled water and common tap water.  In fact, the water bottling plants often don't do enough maintenance on their filters and their water is actually worse than tap... at least in the U.S.
Oh Canada, another reason why you're so wonderful.  I used to live in Seattle and I loved visiting Vancouver BC.  In Seattle, I was paying $20 a month for each of my 4 HD DVR boxes.  That's $80 bucks a month.   Then I went HTPC with Windows media center.  Now I pay $1.75 for a cable card and i can record 4 channels at once.
That's overly simplistic and bordering on third party propaganda (as if they aren't subject to being bought and often are used, whether voluntarily or not, to divide and conquer the vote), but the key is correct - state constitutions and the US Constitution all need changing to eliminate money and corporations from the election and law-making system.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/amaaggregator] [Hi r\/Business! This is Brian Lim and i was featured on aBC's Shark tank! I'm doing an AMA at 1pm PST in the r\/iAMA thread. Come ask me your questions!](https://np.reddit.com/r/AMAAggregator/comments/6vl6ie/hi_rbusiness_this_is_brian_lim_and_i_was_featured/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
"Remember that ""earned"" means ""earned in profit."" A company like LinkedIn may not be trying to earn any profit, because they believe that they are at the stage in their development where the best thing to do with excess cash is to reinvest it in growing the business. Therefore, profit may not be the best metric at this stage in the company's life cycle."
I had one of those banks that reordered transactions. Deposit cash first thing in the morning means you should have money in your account, right? Nah son. First they're going to take your balance at the beginning of the day, then they'll deduct all of the transactions you made that day, in order from largest to smallest. Did one of those put you in the red (ignoring the deposit)? Time to apply an overdraft fee to that one and every single one that comes after (in order of largest purchase to smallest, mind you). Only then would they apply your deposit, but, for many, that wasn't enough to cover the overdraft fees. I eventually received money from either a class action or a CFPB thing, but not enough to cover the amount they took in fees through that scheme. Thankfully, my deposits were large enough to at least cover the fees, so I didn't have those damnable daily fees on top of it all.
From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wire_transfer: The entity wishing to do a transfer approaches a bank and gives the bank the order to transfer a certain amount of money. IBAN and BIC codes are given as well so the bank knows where the money needs to be sent.  The sending bank transmits a message, via a secure system (such as SWIFT or Fedwire), to the receiving bank, requesting that it effect payment according to the instructions given.  The message also includes settlement instructions. The actual transfer is not instantaneous: funds may take several hours or even days to move from the sender's account to the receiver's account.  Either the banks involved must hold a reciprocal account with each other, or the payment must be sent to a bank with such an account, a correspondent bank, for further benefit to the ultimate recipient.  Banks collect payment for the service from the sender as well as from the recipient. The sending bank typically collects a fee separate from the funds being transferred, while the receiving bank and intermediate banks through which the transfer travels deduct fees from the money being transferred so that the recipient receives less than what the sender sent. The last point may not be relevant in domestic transfers.
"I found your post while searching for this same exact problem. Found the answer on a different forum about a different topic, but what you want is a Cash Flow report.  Go to Reports>Income & Expenses>Cash Flow - then in Options, select the asset accounts you'd like to run the report for (""Calle's Checking"" or whatever) and the time period. It will show you a list of all the accounts (expense and others) with transactions effecting that asset. You can probably refine this further to show only expenses, but I found it useful to have all of it listed.  Not the prettiest report, but it'll get your there."
&gt;Why do people always assume technology or some change in the underpinnings of society will make unemployment a non-issue?  In the movie Wall-E, everyone is taken care of by robots. The society as whole enjoy equal rights and no money issues or whatever issues that is currently plaguing the current society. Why do people like you always assume the society will stay the same as it is today? We went from a slavery to a free society. Looking at the Human history, are you telling me that society will stay the same?
If there is land for sale, you can buy it. The United States doesn't have many restrictions on the purchase of land. However, you need to be able to afford it. Dependent on where you are looking $20,000 can either be a lot or very little land, I suspect that the question you were looking to ask is 'can I afford it?'. Have a look around, there should be plenty of places for you to find land for sale. As for credit, it is more important that you don't build bad credit. With things like mortgages, your salary is likely to be more important than your credit score alone, but no one will give you a dime if you have a record of not paying your bills.
Why is it that people spend more time pricing their newest phone plan than their house, or educational costs.  You see students going to law school who have never job shadowed a real lawyer to even see what reality looks like and have no idea the real job prospects.  I'd feel bad, but it takes so little leg work and planning to keep yourself from self imposed financial doom.
I'm not sure that you're considering all the options.   So you may not subtract $X from B, but you do compare NPV(B) to $Y.   Also, remember that we're not trying to figure out the return on B.  We're trying to figure out what to do next.  In terms of planning, the sunk cost is irrelevant.  But in terms of calculating return, A was a turkey.  And to calculate the return, we would include $X in our costs for B.  And for the second option, we'd subtract $X from $Y (may be negative).   Sunk costs are irrelevant to planning, but they are very relevant to retrospective analysis.  Please don't confuse the two.  When looking back, part of the cost for B will be that $X.  But in the middle, after paying $X and before starting B, the $X is gone.  You only have the building and have to make your decision based on the options you have at that moment.   You will sometimes hear $Y called the opportunity cost of B.  You could sell out for $Y or you could do B.  You should only do B if it is worth more than $Y.   The sunk cost fallacy would be comparing B to $X.  Assuming $Y is less than $X, this would make you not do B when it is your best path forward from that moment.  I.e. $Y < NPV(B) < $X means that you should do the project.  You will lose money (apparently that's a foregone conclusion), but you will lose less money than if you just sold out.   You should also do B if $Y < $X < NPV(B) or $X < $Y < NPV(B).  In general, you should do B any time $Y < NPV(B).  The only time you should not do B is if NPV(B) < $Y.  If they are exactly equal, then it doesn't matter financially whether you do B or not.
This is probably the most insightful comment I've skimmed so far and rings very true. The same way work will fill the time allotted, budgets will fit the income slotted. If this budget-creep wasn't a normality the economy would stagnate and our capitalist empire would crumble /s.
I'm a believer in broad index funds for the vast majority of investors. However, I'm sure someone here is more qualified than me to speak to the correct allocation.   I'm mostly pointing out low-hanging fruit: you should (almost) never invest in the company that pays your wages. You could just dump it in the S&amp;P or some broad market index and be in a better position.
One reason is that insurance gives you tranquility.  Without insurance, you live with the uncertainty of not knowing if/when disaster is going to strike. Insurance allows you to trade this uncertainty for regular monthly/yearly payments.
Buy a share - not a penny stock; rather a well known company like Coca-Cola, Kelloggs, Exxon, etc.  Follow the company.  Understand their business model.  See the share price fall and rise.  You will learn a lot having your own money at risk.
See this help article from Paypal about payment methods for purchases. When you don’t have a PayPal balance or don’t have enough in your PayPal balance, we’ll use your bank account as the default payment method unless you select a different way to pay. So yes, Paypal will automatically deduct from your bank account when you make a purchase, unless you link another payment method and make that your default.
You mean the one where it turns out his son in law and several of his campaign people were literally meeting with Russians about getting dirt on Hillary Clinton? As in, defacto collusion with Russian agents regarding a US Presidential election?  That story?
"&gt; I think there's an extremely slim chance we won't become a South-American style country, with 2-5% owning everything and a brutal police force keeping the poor at bay.   Then I guess I know what I need to do: be in that 2%-5%!  &gt; You can see glimpses of that possible future today. Ferguson will be an every day occurrence, and it won't be just black people anymore.   Ah, this means that security technology and services will be in high demand.  Opportunity abounds!  I've always thought it would be great if a major metro area went to real shit for a while.  I'd love hiring myself out to filthy rich people who have kids at NYU or Georgetown.  ""The rails aren't running, and the roads are shut, and food is short, and people are rioting!  My poor baby is in her dorm in NYU!""   ""I'd be glad to her out and deliver her to you!""   ""You're such a savior!""   ""That will be 1/4 of your net worth now, and 1/4 when I deliver her.""   ""Whaaaaat!  That's outrageous!""   ""It's just the market."""
&gt; At the current share price we (i.e. U.S. taxpayers) have lost $16 billion in the bailout.  Do you realize that this is an improvement?  An year ago, [it was estimates at 19 billion, down from the original 40 billion loss](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2011/01/13/auto-bailouts-estimated-cost-to-taxpayers-19-billion/)
"Its a classic sign of fraud. The fraud is on you. You cashed the check not given to you, and not endorsed by the person its given to, so even if the check is legit you're still in trouble. There are many variations of this scheme, but the common thing is that the ""innocent"" third party is given a check to cash, and gives its own check or cash in return. The check ends up being forged, stolen, or otherwise invalid, but the cash/check the third party gave is long gone. Usually its cash, because its untraceable. You should wait at least a couple of weeks to make sure the check doesn't bounce. You might want to contact the check owner to verify its legit, and suggest to return the money, if it is not. You might also want to consult with an attorney. Bear in mind, that it might be reported to the authorities as a money laundering scheme (which it very well might be), and you'll have some explaining to do in this case, even if the check is legit."
It's like collecting car insurance when you've had an accident.  If you want a good analogy it's like having an accident and then some asshole reporter claims it's unfair that the policy paid for it because you made more than some arbitrary amount of money last year.
I'm not too worried about the math. I can't speak for the calculus, but I seriously doubt the statistics I will use will be more complicated than what I used in Econometrics.   Where will calculus come into play? I haven't heard any of my finance major friends talk about using anything more than simple derivation.
There are usually so many different options around for the same stock that some are rarely traded. Especially if the price has moved since the option was issued, nobody might be interested in that particular option at that price anymore. So the asking price might be something that someone asked for ages ago and that is much higher than anyone would reasonably pay today.  With a bid of $20 and an ask of $30, nobody is trading, but the value of that option is somewhere between $20 and $30. If the value is below $25, someone will notice your $25 bid and sell.
You have a very pointed way of putting people down that you disagree with, but you are not in the least bit interested in conversation or exchanging ideas.  In two posts you have presented not one argument, but you have insulted me in each post.  If indeed you had an argument insults would be beside the point.   I can only conclude that you have no argument.  Only hatred.  Hatred will not sustain your life.  Grow some balls.  Look around you.  Find out what is really going on.  Expand your data base.  And most of all start thinking for yourself.
It really is a stupid term.  What comes to mind with the term underwater?  drowning, sunk boats, cars and other property and flooding. All really stressful and damaging.   Underwater in mortgages, means you owe more than your house is worth, .... ER your home's value dropped below the value of your mortgage.  It does suck but  it doesnt mean they are behind on their mortgage and doesnt suck as much as people who are behind.  it isnt really something to worry about except for the future when you resell. For a lot of people it is just something they can ignore.   In theory, they should get a lower tax bill.   Underwater just seems like an odd term for something like your home value dropping below the price your paid for it. If you buy a new car, you can pretty much claim to be underwater as you drive it off the lot, because your car simply isnt worth what you paid for it the second it becomes used.  not saying it isnt an interesting stat, or that it is of no concern, it's just an odd term.  To me it is more fitting for people behind in their payments than for people whose property lost value.  (and yeah i get it is more dire for investors and somewhat for landlords but not always)
You have purchased a Tplink router and want to set it up. Then firstly open tplinklogin.net in the address bar of the browser window. Enter the login details such as username and password; you will land to the admin panel of the router to begin installation.
The ruble was, is and will be very unstable because of unstable political situation in Russia and the economy strongly dependent of the export of raw resources. What you can do? I assume, you want to minimize risk. The best way to achieve that is to make your savings in some stable currency. Euro and Swiss Franc are currently very stable currencies, so storing your surpluses in them is a very good option if you want to keep your money safe. To prevent political risk, you should keep your money in countries with stable political regime, which are unlikely to 'nationalize' the savings of the citizens in predictable future. As for your existing savings in rubles, it's a hard deal. I assume, as the web developer, you have a plenty of money, which have lost a lot of value. If you convert them to euro or francs, you will preserver the current value (after the loss). You'll safe them agaist ruble falling down, but in case the ruble will return to previous value, you'll loose.  Keeping savings in instable currencies is, however, speculation, like investing in gold etc. So if you can mentally accept the loss and want to sleep good, convert them. You have also option to invest in properties, for example buy an extra appartment. It's a good way to deal with financial surplus in Europe in US, however you should be aware, in Russland it's connected with the political risk. The real estates can be confiscated in any moment by the state and you can't run away with it (the savings can also be confiscated, but there's a fair chance you'll manage to rescue them if you act quickly).
"I'm looking forward to not having to read about Market Basket every single day.  Claiming 2M customers ""joined a 6-week boycott"" is absolutely ridiculous and deceptive.  Pretty much every shelf was empty.  No perishable items were available.  Customers didn't *boycott* Market Basket.  Customers didn't go there because there was nothing to buy."
While this may be true for certain stores, it isn't true across the board. An ex worked at a high-end clothing store and they did in fact pack up everything that didn't sell during that season and ship it to the outlets. This was also the case for many of the other high-end stores.
By the votes it does not. A business primary goal is to return an investment to it's shareholders which anyone can be so are they are publically traded.  If you do not agree with a way a business is run ethically, do not shop not work there. They will have their work cut out for them as they compete with Amazon. Amazon distances themselves from ethical issues with sub companies and sub contractors.
Thank you for the wonderful response. I actually work out 4-5 times a week and have been for the past year or so(it's helped my productivity ten-fold).   I think I am going to finish up the Python codeacademy course in order to understand the basics of syntax and then I will continue from there.   If you have any other suggestions; I am quite open to them!  Thanks!
I appreciate your help and thank you for your response but it was worded so poorly, I have no clue what your message was in the end. It got completely lost. I’m not trying to be rude or anything, I just have no idea what you were trying to say and am now utterly confused. It was just really hard to read when it lacks correct grammar and punctuation, sorry. It sucks though - I’m actually interested in what you have to say.
Because you're not married, its a partnership agreement, and unless there's a written contract, either the two of you agree on how to handle the home, or it's off to court you go. If you were both supposed to pay for the home, and he failed to for a a while, that would put him in breach of contract which I would think gives you a good position in court. On the other hand, if you are at all concerned about your safety from this louse, remember, he knows exactly where the house is.
"Let's assess the situation first, then look at an option: This leaves you with about $1,017/mo in cash flow, provided you spend money on nothing else (entertainment, oil changes, general merchandise, gifts, etc.) So I'd say take $200/mo off that as ""backup"" money. Now we're at $817/mo.  Question: What have you been doing with this extra $800/mo? If you put $600/mo of that extra towards the 10% loan, it would be paid off in 12 months and you would only pay $508 in interest. If you have been saving it (like all the wisest people say you should), then you should have plenty enough to either pay for a new transmission or buy a ""good enough"" car outright.  10% interest rate on a vehicle purchase is not very good. Not sure why you have a personal loan to handle this rather than an auto loan, but I'll guess you have a low credit score or not much credit history.  Cost of a new transmission is usually $1,700 - $3,500. Not sure what vehicle we're talking about, so let's make it $3,000 to be conservative.  At your current interest rate, you'll have paid another $1,450 in interest over the next 33 months just trying to pay off your underwater car.  If you take your old car to a dealership and trade it in towards a ""new to you"" car, you might be able to roll your existing loan into a new loan. Now, I'm not sure when you say personal loan if you mean an official loan from a bank or a personal loan from a friend/family-member, so that could make a difference. I'm also not sure if a dealership will be willing to recognize a personal loan in the transaction as I'd wager there's no lien against the vehicle for them to worry about. But, if you can manage it, you may be able to get a lower overall interest rate. If you can't roll it into a new financing plan, then you need to assess if you can afford a new loan (provided you even get approved) on top of your existing finances. One big issue that will affect interest rates and approvals will be your down payment amount. The higher it is, the better interest rate you'll receive. Ultimately, you're in a not-so-great position, but if your monthly budget is as you describe, then you'll be fine after a few more years. The perils of buying a used car is that you never know what might happen. What if you don't repair your existing car, buy another car, and it breaks down in a year? It's all a bit of a gamble. Don't let your emotions get in the way of making a decision. You might be frustrated with your current vehicle, but if $3,000 of repairs makes it last 3 more years, (by which time your current loan should be paid off), then you'll be in a much better spot to finance a newer vehicle. Of course it would be much better to save up cash over that time and buy something outright, but that's not always feasible.  Would you rather fix up your current car and keep working to pay down the debt, or, would you rather be rid of the car and put $3,000 down on a ""new to you"" car and take on an additional monthly debt? There's no single right answer for you. First and foremost you need to assess your monthly cash flow and properly allocate the extra funds. Get out of debt as soon as reasonably possible."
I'm pissed off that I even have to type such a stupid obvious fact, but I'll do it anyway.  Make a program that works like [steam](http://store.steampowered.com/). Have it not sell videogames, but TV channels. Let me buy À la carte TV channels, channels that come with NO ADS on the shows. You make up the lost ad money by my subscription. Better yet, offer a basic cheap package with commercials, then a pricier one without. If I'm watching it live and there's a commercial, just play music or something, do what CNN does for their live stream. (maybe tie-in some local weather or sports updates, run commercials for TV shows on that channel, people really don't mind that kind of ad)  Now, when I buy a channel, let it also double as on-demand. I buy the HBO package, I can watch Game of Thrones whenever I want, as many times as I want. Hell, you could tie this service in with Hulu and let hulu be the On-Demand side. Instead of the 8 day wait, I get access to the show that same day.  Throw in movies like we have on the on-demand  and PPV and you can have a movie section as well.  The first company to launch and implement this will corner the market. The first company to code this and get it bug free will be BILLIONAIRES at the absolute least. Facebook's IPO will look like pocket change, and this will actually hold its value.  What I just typed out (and many have before me, I'm aware) is the final nail in the coffin of traditional TV. It's literally just waiting and ready for someone to swing the hammer down on it. We have the computer power, we have the bandwidth. We've HAD those things for a couple years now. Capitalize on it!
"We've had everything in one pot almost from day one of marriage. The key ingredients to making that arrangement work is to communicate about the money, and realize that you're in it together.  Everything one person does affects the other. Separating finances compartmentalizes the ""affecting one another"" part and makes it a little clearer perhaps, but I can also see it creating a sense of entitlement: ""This is my money.""  There should be a place for individual discretionary spending, of course, but I'm not sure that roping off that money is the best way to do it. It's less likely to be viable if there's one main breadwinner in the house.  In our house, this is me.  If we separated the finances like this, it would amount to giving my wife an allowance.  Since she works harder at home than I do at work most of the time (she keeps the house, does meals and shopping, raises and schools our daughter, etc.) but just doesn't get paid for it, it would border on insult to her to treat the finances this way."
The Windfall Elimination Provision will possibly reduce your benefits from Social Security depending on how much money you receive as a pension from the TRS. Money that is earned toward your TRS pension will not have payroll taxes withheld, so it will certainly not count toward the calculation of your Social Security retirement numbers. Beyond that, this page from the Social Security Administration will help you calculate the impact on what you'll receive.
I don't think that they ask you for your citizenship status when you apply in a dealership. At least I don't remember being asked. I know of at least 3 people from my closest circle of friends who are in various immigration statuses (including one on F1) and got an auto loan from a dealership without a problem and with good rates. They have to ask for your immigration status on online applications because of the post-9/11 law changes. Edit to allow Dilip to retract his unjustified downvote: Chase and Wells Fargo have a reliable track of extending auto loans to non-permanent residents.
"This quote has it almost backwards. Thomas J. Stanley's recent book (he's one of the duo who researched and wrote about The Millionaire Next Door) claims that the top occupation of millionaires is ""business owner / self-employed"" (28%).  ""Real estate investor"" is lumped in with ""other"" (9%), and if the ordering is correct in the list, it's no more than 2% of the total. (source)"
In their early iterations, they didn't have the same legal challenges. Those started when they rolled out UberX. When they first launched in Chicago the service was close to what's now Uber Black. All of the drivers were licensed chauffeurs and the cars had livery plates, so legally they were the same as any car service you could call for a ride.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-banks-deposits-idUSKBN1AD1RS) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; BRUSSELS - European Union states are considering measures which would allow them to temporarily stop people withdrawing money from their accounts to prevent bank runs, an EU document reviewed by Reuters revealed.  &gt; &amp;quot;The desire is to prevent a bank run, so that when a bank is in a critical situation it is not pushed over the edge,&amp;quot; a person familiar with German government&amp;#039;s thinking said.  &gt; Existing EU rules allow a two-day suspension of some payouts by failing banks, but the moratorium does not include deposits.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6qliud/surely_the_banks_need_even_more_programs_in_their/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~179489 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **bank**^#1 **moratorium**^#2 **run**^#3 **lender**^#4 **fail**^#5"
So the key factor here, IMHO, is the amount we are talking about.  $2K is just not a lot of money.  If you lose every penny, you can recover.  On the other hand it is unlikely to make you wealthy.  So if I was you I would buy in, more for the fun of it all. Now if it was a large amount of money that we were talking about it would be about a percentage of my net worth.  For example, lets say the minimum was 20K, and you really believed in the company.  If I had a net worth of less than 200K, I would not do it.  If I had a larger net worth, I would consider it unless I was near retirement. So if I was 30, hand a net worth of 300K, I would probably invest as even if I did lose it all, I could recover.    Having said all that it does not sound like you completely agree that the company will be profitable.  So in that case, don't buy. Also, I have the opportunity to buy my own company's stock at a discount.  However, I do not for two reasons.  The first is I don't like investing in the company I work for.  Secondly, they require you to hold the stock for a year.
These products are real, but they aren't risk free: 1) The bank could go under in that time.  (Are the investments FDIC insured?) 2) Your money is locked up for 5 years, probably with either no way to get it back out or a stiff penalty for early withdrawal, so you risk having a better investment opportunity come along and not having the liquidity to take advantage of it. 3) If the market does go down and you get 100% of your principal back, the endless ratchet of inflation practically guarantees that $10K will be worth less 5 years from now than it is today, so you risk losing purchasing power even if you're not losing any nominal quantity of money. It's still a fairly low-risk investment option, particularly if it's tied to something that you have reason to believe will increase in value significantly faster than inflation in the next 5 years.
Just to clarify my statement. I don't believe they would use UPS for the whole trip. It is likely that they get enough orders at any one time from the US to be able to fill a container and ship to a UPS hub in the US. From there UPS takes over distribution to individual customers. (Source, one large account I worked on had a similar arrangement. We handled getting the containers of stuff to Sweden and then distribution companies like DHL took over and distributed to individual stores etc.)
ATM and Debit are not the same thing. ATM is a card that can only be used to withdraw money from the ATMs that belong to that bank (or participate in the same network). In some countries, ATM cards can be used for shopping if the merchant is equipped with an appropriate reader and is participating in an appropriate network. Debit card can be used for purchases in any store showing the appropriate (Visa/MC) logo, and withdraw money at any ATM showing the appropriate (Visa/MC or the ATM network that appears on the card) logo.
Masha is playing with stacking ring toy. Hulk sees Masha and decides to steal her stacking toy, while she turned back to play with other toys. Baby Nursery Rhymes Songs for Kids by EVA TV. Please SUBSCRIBE our Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO0CgjBc97kDIDU5av1UmKw?sub_confirmation=1  Please watch my other videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xbTWlJ_5LI&amp;list=PLgglR9CX58L1I20Kwm7WkigGJzcP8OWwT
The sum of the dividend yield plus capital growth is called total return. In your examples, you get to a total return of 7% through several different (and theoretically equivalent) paths. That is the right way of thinking.
"Contribute as much as you can.  When do you want to retire and how much income do you think you'll need? A $1M portfolio yielding 5% will yield $50,000/year. Do some research about how to build a portfolio... this site is a good start, but check out books on retirement planning and magazines like Money and Kiplinger. If you don't speak ""money"" or are intimidated by investing, look for a fee-based financial advisor whom you are comfortable with."
An A to Z Houston Locksmith serving Northwest Houston, Texas offers auto, truck and car lockout services. We are licensed, bonded and insured with professional Auto technicians and provide complete start to finish Auto service. Our service technicians come right to your location and make your keys on the spot. We service lost or stolen keys, broken keys, duplicate keys, and replacement locks for your car or truck. Call 713.842.0945 for all your security needs.
The figure of legal advisors has been gaining in presence and relevance over the last few years. Usually, companies only used to go to these types of professionals when the legal problem that occupied them had already taken place. However, more and more companies prefer to hire the services take company public consultant of a good legal counsel to help them on a day-to-day basis. In this way, legal advisors currently project a proactive role that will allow the company to work to anticipate all kinds of problems and negative situations in order to avoid them or develop a good strategy with which to deal with them.
Breaking up these dominant companies would be very different from industrial monopolies in the past. These tech companies provide a service, which is not measurable like other goods. Therefore it’s difficult to estimate the rents that consumers pay. Facebook for example get their revenue from selling user data and providing ad space, would a forced competition reduce the ads that we see? In the case of Google, I think there’s also many synergies within the different services. Breaking up these companies might not have a consumer welfare increasing effect.
You are getting totally hosed mate. Assume you live in the house for ten years, can get a normal 30 year mortgage and house prices average at 3% annually You could get a mortgage at 3.8% so your monthly payment would be $560 a month.  $60 a month difference over 10 year is $7200 Because you are paying down on a  conventional mortgage you would owe 93500 after 10 years.  On top of that the house would have appreciated by $47000.  You would have to give you parents $35500 of that.  So by avoiding a normal loan it's costing you an extra $49000.
The other answers have offered some great advice, but here is an alternative that hasn't been mentioned yet. I'm assuming that you have an adequately-sized emergency fund in savings, and that your cars are your only non-mortgage debt. Since you still have car debt, you probably don't have anything saved for buying a new car when your current cars are at the end-of-life. Consider paying off your car loans early, then begin saving for your next car. Having cash in the bank for a car is very freeing, and it changes your mindset when it comes time to purchase a car, as it is easy to waste a lot of money on something that depreciates rapidly when you aren't paying for it immediately.  This approach might be counterintuitive if your car loan interest rate is less than your mortgage rate, but you will probably need another car before you need another house, and paying cash for a car is worth doing.
You could also start a business.  I ran a project called the Thousand Rand Challenge a few years ago in South Africa where we supported people in starting a business for about $100 each.  Some of them were surprisingly profitable. You can find a few ideas at the wiki site.
McDonalds has gone the automation route for the last 30 years, does your mouth water thinking about eating at Mcdonalds?  Or would you rather have something at Panera, Chipotle or Five Guys?  All of which use humans to make their food.  McDonald's sales are flat, all the restaurants I've mentioned are expanding.  People will vote with their wallets if they want to eat the food that a machine or a human makes for them.
Yeah, so will I.  Why let the bankers make all the money right?  Good explanation, it'll be interesting to watch what happens with it all.  What willl they do try to throw the Ali baba CEO in jail too like they did the megaupload guy
This is exactly what happened with Enron.  The 401k was mostly invested in company stock, so when the company went bankrupt the employees lost both their jobs and savings.  The plan administrator was also faulted by the government for continuing to allow new purchases of stock even as the stock price (and hence the perceived fortunes of the company) tumbled.  http://money.cnn.com/2001/11/26/401k/q_retire_enron_re/  http://www.investopedia.com/articles/analyst/011802.asp
Fashioncornerstone.com is an amazing online store in the USA from where you can purchase the most stylish stuffs for men and women at very reasonable prices. Free Delivery Available in the USA! Get up to 80% off all summer!
"Your best option right now is to get a lawyer, file suit against your insurance for the full amount (total shown on the collections from the provider, without discounts) plus ""damages"".  Include in the damages the cost of your lawyer, time spent resolving this, and any other expenses you have incurred thus far in dealing with this.  Your lawyer will be able to give you guidance here.  I think you'll find that the insurance company changes their tune once they are served papers."
Not so much a scam, if you fill the required paperwork and actually take time to mail it in assuming it's done correctly; you will get your money. That being said, having a mail-in rebate program is usually a win-win for the seller. While they may have to pay a small fee to a third party who handles the rebate almost always this influences a potential buyer to choose a specific product over the alternative. The seller knows very well that very few people will actually go through with it. And yes, they do often make the process needlessly complicated and long as a deterrent.  Plus, let's be real, no one likes sending out physical letters anymore. From a marketing standpoint the mail-in rebate is a brilliant idea. However, it's usually more of an annoyance for the consumer.
"Under the Lanham Act, the issue is whether the use of a name will have a ""likelihood of confusion"" with a registered trademark. Courts look at similarities in the marks but also realize that consumers are not necessarily looking at side by side comparisons to try to determine the source of the product.   Krogers appears to be arguing that a consumer goes to the store and see ""preferred selection"" and thinks, ""oh, that's the brand that has the cheap price"" so they buy it. Krogers spent a lot of time and money to create that initial impression in the consumer's mind.  It looks like they did a survey by an expert to confirm that consumers are getting the brands confused. If that's truly the case, it's probably worth the investment to try to protect their territory. Obviously that is what Kroger has decided to do.  It will be an interesting case to follow. But I will probably watch Netflix instead."
Paella is the most recognised and valued international Spanish dish. It receives its name from the ‘flat pan’ in which it is cooked. If you are thinking of throwing a paella party? Think of Vamos Paella. The oomph delivered by them into this great European rice dish reminds us exactly how good paella can be. A paella catering by them includes waiting and bar staff, linen, cutleries or any other hire that ensures your event goes smoothly. It’s a one stop solution for your paella party. w more about us here: https://coreyleonard.wistia.com/medias/rpqd4i8ypq
"Where are you from? The Netherlands has tax treaties with different countries that may offer you some additional options. The Netherlands calculates a maximum tax free contribution to your pension each year based on your income. If you contributed less than you were allowed to (pensioengat), you can invest the difference between your actual and allowed contributions in special retirement investments that usually offer tax advantages. A gap like this can be due to getting a bonus or a raise. After looking around, the investments available are either a special savings account (banksparen) or an annuity (lijfrente).  Your allowed contributions to both will be tax deductible and the investment itself is excluded from wealth tax (box 3 taxes).  I also see Aegon offering an ""investment annuity"" that lets you invest in any of 7 of their mutual funds until a certain date at which time you liquidate and use the proceeds to fund an annuity. With the Dutch retirement options, wou will not in general get the same freedom of choice or low costs associated with IRAs in the US.  I'm not sure about ISAs in the UK.  It's also important to check any tax agreements between countries to ensure your chosen investment vehicle gets the tax advantaged treatment in your home country as it does in the Netherlands.  For US citizens, this is important even when living abroad.  For others, it is important if you return to your home country and still have this investment. If you are a US citizen, you have an additional option.  The US / Dutch tax treaty allows you to make these contributions to preexisting (i.e. you had these before moving to NL) retirement accounts in the US like an IRA. Note that in practice it may be difficult to contribute to an existing Roth IRA because you would need to have earned income after the foreign income tax deduction but less than the maximum income for a Roth contribution."
Shares in a company represent a portion of a company. If that company takes in money and doesn't pay it out as a dividend (e.g. Apple), the company is still more valuable because it has cold hard cash as an asset. Theoretically, it's all the same whether your share of the money is inside the company or outside the company; the only immediate difference is tax treatment.  Of course, for large bank accounts that means that an investment in the company is a mix of investment in the bank account and investment in the business-value of the company, which may stymie investors who aren't particularly interested in buying larve amounts of bank accounts (known for low returns) and would prefer to receive their share of the cash to invest elsewhere (or in the business portion of the company.) Companies like Apple have in fact taken criticism for this. Your company could also use that cash to invest in itself (growing the value of its profits) or buy other companies that are worth money, essentially doing the job for you. Of course, they can do the job well or they can do it poorly... A company could also be acquired by a larger company, or taken private, in exchange for cash or the stock of another company. This is another way that the company's value could be returned to its shareholders.
"You may look into covered calls.  In short, selling the option instead of buying it ... playing the house.   One can do this on the ""buying side"" too, e.g. let's say you like company XYZ.  If you sell the put, and it goes up, you make money.  If XYZ goes down by expiration, you still made the money on the put, and now own the stock - the one you like, at a lower price.  Now, you can immediately sell calls on XYZ.  If it doesn't go up, you make money.  If it does goes up, you get called out, and you make even more money (probably selling the call a little above current price, or where it was ""put"" to you at). The greatest risk is very large declines, and so one needs to do some research on the company to see if they are decent -- e.g. have good earnings, not over-valued P/E, etc.  For larger declines, one has to sell the call further out.  Note there are now stocks that have weekly options as well as monthly options.  You just have to calculate the rate of return you will get, realizing that underneath the first put, you need enough money available should the stock be ""put"" to you.   An additional, associated strategy, is starting by selling the put at a higher than current market limit price.  Then, over a couple days, generally lowering the limit, if it isn't reached in the stock's fluctuation.  I.e. if the stock drops in the next few days, you might sell the put on a dip.   Same deal if the stock finally is ""put"" to you.  Then you can start by selling the call at a higher limit price, gradually bringing it down if you aren't successful -- i.e. the stock doesn't reach it on an upswing. My friend is highly successful with this strategy. Good luck"
"Yes, it's taxable. If anyone suggests it's a gift, they are mistaken. There's a line on the 1040 for ""other"" and as long as you claim it, you're fine with the IRS. It's 2012 income as you already got it.  Edit - mhoran makes two good points I'm not really able to address. (a) does a late bonus such as this effect one's penalty? (b) since it skipped payroll, will there be an issue by not having FICA withheld?"
They hired Mandiant (an IT security consulting company) to come in and do damage control once they first got hacked in March. Are we really to believe that the CFO had no knowledge of this, or the larger hack in July) when he sold his shares two days after the second and larger hack was discovered? Seriously spending that kind of money (at least six figures per month) on an outside security consulting firm wouldn't require sign-off from the CFO?
The Livret A is a very specific product. It's tax-exempt and would historically not be available through regular banks. Commercial banks can now offer it but they only collect the money on behalf of the Caisse des dépôts (CDC). The CDC then pays interest to the savers and a commission for the bank. The commission is baked into the system, not charged to the customer directly but since the interest rate is set centrally, banks cannot compete on that. So this is risk-free money for them (but on the flip side it does not help them meet capital adequacy requirements). Other savings account or products have different rules. Another angle to consider is that a livret A was historically very attractive for consumers (and was certainly perceived as such) so that many people would have a checking account at a regular bank and another account at the Caisse d'épargne or the Banque postale just to open a livret A. For commercial banks, the alternative therefore isn't having your money on your checking account vs. your livret A or another savings account, it was having your money on a livret A they administer vs. seeing you run away to another institution. There is also a cap on the livret A and you're not allowed to save more money by opening several of them at different banks. At the same time banks have been complaining that the decrease of the interest rate (and consequently of their commission) makes the whole scheme a lot less interesting for them. For what it's worth, I recently (re)opened a bank account in France after living abroad for a long time and the customer advisor did not seem particularly interested in pushing a livret A.
It's income. It's almost certainly subject to income tax. As miscellaneous income, if nothing else. (That's what hobby income usually falls under.) If you kept careful records of the cost of developing the app, you might be able to offset those against the income... again, as with hobby income.
&gt;  Why is this not a monopoly?  because with the click of a mouse you can buy what you want from someone else.  It just might cost more.  Retailers should have gotten off their butt a long time ago because it was obvious what Amazon was doing.
I'd agree, inflation affects the value of the dollar you measure anything in. So, it makes your debt fade away at the same rate it eats away at dollar denominated assets. I'd suggest that one should also look at the tax effect of the debt or assets as well.  For example, my 3.5% mortgage costs me 2.625% after tax. But a 4% long term cap gain in stocks, costs me .6% in tax for a net 3.4%.
"Since a lot of the companies in your source are public accounting firms, I'm interested in if these salaries are similar to what they (PwC, EY, Deloitte, etc...) pay their entry level accountants? How about entry level advisory accountants? Do their accountant salaries ever approach the level of their ""consultants""?"
So a major problem with looking at historical stock data on these graphs is that they set the stock price based off of current market volumn. If I was to say look at Majesco Entertainment (COOL) in june of 2016. It would say that the stock as trading between $5-6. In reality it was between .50-$1.  But in august there was a 6:1 reverse split. So June's value based on todays current share count would be about $5-6 per one share. 1988 for home depot must have been a really bad year for them, and because of all the splits they've had over the years already screws that estimate of what one share is worth. There's a lot of variance in 1988, but you have to be looking at only 1988. 87 and 89 really screws the the chart's scale.
&gt; how it feels in your hand, how it tastes, where you buy it, what you think when you think of a product in your mind.   It's exactly that kind of crap that turns me off. If I even think some numbnuts marketing type has spend day long conference room meetings trying to brainstorm what I will think when I think of the product - I want nothing to do with it.  Or in short, authenticity can't be faked. Stop wasting time on that and just make a better product at a lower price.
These days, you have the option of choosing custom t-shirts online, which add to the style statement. These shirts are available as per everyone’s liking and are in budget too. One just needs to go online, select the best design and design your own shirt after finalizing the quote.
I hear what you're saying @mgibbons. It's just that how much they're paid shouldn't really be an issue. Poor customer service seems to be why they're about to get replaced by these turnstyles.   Be nice. Save your job. (Even in situations where entitled, snobbish people are arguing and giving you a hard time.) Yes, travelers can be more civil. Yes, gate attendants can be nicer. Yes, we all have to treat each other better.
Don't worry, if both states can make a claim, they will. It may even depend on the states involved. Some states have reciprocity and others do not. That is why with this much money involved the winner should not be in a rush to claim the money. Get quality advice if you win.
I wouldn't classify your treatment as abuse. Medical billing has become more complex not less complex. You need to learn to ask even more questions regarding expenses, you probably need to see these price quotes in writing. You did several things correctly. Staying in-network generally is best because many plans have two deductible limits: In-network, and out-of-network.  You need to make sure that the insurance company does credit you with having paid the new patient fee. That will qualify as an expense toward the deductible and your maximum out of pocket for the year. Some doctors offices don't send to insurance companies items that they know will not be covered, not remembering that these costs are critical under the High deductible plans with a health savings account. Doctors offices have problems determining how much the cost to you will be. It depends not just on the insurance company but also which type of plan you have, which sub-plan you have, and are you covered by more than one plan. Not to mention individual deductibles, family deductibles, and annual out-of-pocket amount. All this is wanted prior to the doctor seeing the patient. Most doctors offices will work with you, they know that each insurance plan treats each medical billing code differently, sometimes they make a mistake. Talk to them.
In the US, the bank won't provide you with footage, as that would subject them to liability if you decide to go vigilante. Also, keep in mind that the quality of the footage is often ridiculously bad. Call the police.
"Now store the money in -- okay here, think about a realistic worst case scenario.  Not zombie attack or meteor mega-strike, but the kinds  in which you are not entirely helpless: job loss stacked on top of the worst recession since the Great Depression, along with credit drying up so you can't just borrow your way through the hard times.   Store the money in an account and investment which is  relatively liquid, meaning you could extract cash value from it fairly easily in a worst case scneario.  Safe -- essentially impossible to lose significant value in a worst case scenario.  (or, you only count the part of its value that's sure to be there in a worst case.) If you're much too cool for an emergency fund, then sorry to waste your valuable time!    For the rest of us, it's a planning tool.   Even dot-coms do this: it's called a ""burn-rate"" and they know exactly how many more weeks their VC can fund operations.    Of course in practicality, it may not go to X months of routine expenses. Most of it may get burned up in month 2 on a new transmission.  You can't really predict this stuff, the ""X month"" paradigm is just an arm-wave.   For the financially uneducated, it's also a training tool.   In the US, school does not provide financial education.  Most people get financial habits from their parents, and like most family lessons, they are deeply emotionally wired, even if they are unconscious of that fact.  For instance, some people don't ask for the salaries they deserve, and spend lavishly until the checkbook is zero - they literally push money away.  Suffice it to say, it's a challenge to get some people to even realize that savings is a thing, when they have never in their whole lives been able to hold onto more than $20 for more than a week. The concept of an emergency fund is a sellable way to break through that ""I can't save"" mental-block. So I can see where you might think the emergency fund is greasy kidstuff.   Fair.  But it's not just that, it's also a very practical planning tool."
It looks like their three months ending and six months ending June 30, 2012 income statements are the same?? Did they start April1, 2012?  Anyways, it looks bad though that was the first quarter. Hard to judge if that's the case
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-10-19/some-famously-efficient-japanese-manufacturers-are-now-lying-to-compete) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The latest sign of just how desperate many Japanese companies have become to stay ahead of foreign rivals: Kobe Steel Ltd.&amp;#039;s admission this month that for years it has faked data on the quality of its aluminum, copper, and steel products.  &gt; The scandal &amp;quot;At the very least removes some of the ability of Japanese companies to have premium pricing,&amp;quot; says Alexander Robert Medd, managing director at Bucephalus Research Partnership Ltd. &amp;quot;You don&amp;#039;t buy Japanese goods because they are cheap. The whole thing is because of quality.&amp;quot; -With Masumi Suga and Ichiro Suzuki.  &gt; BOTTOM LINE - Kobe Steel&amp;#039;s scandal over fake quality data is the latest example of how some competition-pressed Japanese companies are bending the rules.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/77tpus/some_famously_efficient_japanese_manufacturers/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~232489 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Japan**^#1 **company**^#2 **Kobe**^#3 **Steel**^#4 **Japanese**^#5"
Detroit is well positioned to create a direct pipeline of talent for Amazon.  They already get a huge percentage of their corporate hires from University of Michigan, and with Canada being a 20 minute drive across one bridge, Amazon would be able to leverage Canada's welcoming immigration policy even if the US continues to restrict its international visa program.
Does it matter? IF a hostile State wanted to use this data it will certainly be available to buy. Imagine the chaos that a coordinated attack could cause if this data started to be used specifically to cause disruption.  The US government should be reacting AS IF this was a State sponsored attack. Legislation should be *flying* through Congress to mitigate this risk.
Do u mean like a company cafeteria/dining area within the building that runs its own numbers? Or a recent acquisition that still functions as its own entity? I think Google is a great example in general as it owns a lot of smaller companies. Just some ideas, hope it helps!
Not true.  When men are given the option to share mat leave with their partner, the woman takes the maximum she can in the majority of cases.  It's due partly, I'm sure, to stereotypically stronger maternal instinct but, mainly, men tend to be better paid than their spouses and losing 20% of his salary hurts the family more than losing 20% of hers.
Unless you're an active trader, 30 trades per month is a number you'll probably never hit, so you might as well take advantage of the offer while you have it. But don't trade more than you normally would. Discount brokerages make money on the arbitrage between the bid and ask prices on the exchanges (legal as long as you get a price that was available on the open market - they disclose this in the fine print in your account paperwork). So they want you to trade as often as they can get you to. As you say, it's really just a mind game. There is always a cost to doing business with a bank or brokerage. They charge you fees for services and they make money on your deposits while you're not using them. So while it looks like they're paying you interest, which they are, they're not paying you all the interest they've earned using your money. So there's the cost. It was only when interest rates dropped so low that they were starting to feel it, that they started rolling out more overt fees for services. If you'll notice, the conditions that cause the fees to be waived in your account all lead to increased deposits or transactions, either directly or indirectly. If your main concern is the efficiency of your investments, which by your description appear to be rather modest, you should consider dollar-cost averaging (DCA) into a mutual fund (of which there are plenty of high quality no-load/no-fee options around), or into a stock if your brokerage offers a lower-fee DCA program for stocks (where you can often buy partial shares).
Yeah, I'm introverted &amp; have social anxiety... I love what I do and from my 3 years of experience I think I seem to be really good at it, but I don't like the being managed aspect... I haven't had a chance to do a two way flexwork gig or anything, just on call vacations and mandatory office presence, emergency work from home, unpaid OT...  I should note we live in Canada. This is from job postings here. I have had recruiters contact me but I am skeptical, nobody seems to even look at my skills. None of my work projects are public and I was the company's only developer for 2 years so it kind of sucks.
When traveling you can use any flavor of credit card or exchange usd to local currency. When you move, just switch to a new local credit union. Leaving big banks for a credit union might not personally give you a different experience, but at least you can know you're not supporting scum.
I don't believe that I said climate change is a hoax in my comment and besides climate change has been occurring throughout the entire history of the earth. Also I never said that anyone who disagrees with Trump is anti-American but if they actually cared about helping the country they would stay on the board and continue to fight for what they believe not just run and pout when they don't get their way.
You won't be paying any taxes for income generated in the US as long as you are not-resident in India. You pay US taxes. You can file a null return in India just in case (all zeroes). If you have any income in India - bank deposits in your name, house rental income and so on - that needs to be declared and tax needs to be paid in India.
Lol. I don't think they teach this in school. Maybe try challenging your preconceived notions sometime.  Anyway, regardless of what you think of the value of diversity, the article doesn't put women on a pedestal in any way whatsoever. Gotta doubt you even read it (though to be fair, it was a pretty crap article...) since you've so spectacularly missed the point.
Comes to about the same? The avg cost per year of studying in most european countries is between 1 and 3k. Some are free. You have to navigate to find the perfect match. Is it easy? No. Is it worth it? Maybe. But it's a joke to even say it costs the same... aren't you on your own for food and rent in the US as well? If anything, it's a lot cheaper in Europe. People just make it sound like the debt trap in the US is inevitable when it isn't.
What you mentioned are mature enough technologies to have planes fly themselves now; in fact they already do most of the time. What is missing is software to handle complicated contingencies and probably some additional computing power on-board the plane itself . Computers have been responsible for most of the flying done in the past 10-15 years and there haven't been many tragedies at all, in fact air travel is the safest form of travel; your fears are unfounded.
Under US law, if you clearly have more than half of a torn bill it is worth its full value; the smaller piece is worth nothing... except that having both halves makes the banking system much happier, since it prevents some particularly stupid counterfeiting attempts. So this proposal wouldn't be cheat-proof unless the cut is close enough to the middle to make determining 51% difficult. And I'd like to see you try to explain to a bank how so many bills were cut in half... (This is more normally an issue when money has been damaged unintentionally, of course.)
See, the reason why this is still not good is this: the companies that determine the “use by” date are the same companies that profit by you throwing it away and buying more, sooner than is necessary.   To me, that’s a direct conflict of interest.   What we actually need is a requirement to have an independent company determine the literal “use by” dates.   This is a good step forward in terms of understanding something, but still ignores a glaring conflict of interest.
"The expression ""in debt"" when talking about a person's financial affairs means that the sum of debit balances on all accounts exceeds the sum of credit balances on all accounts.    A mortgage account is not excluded from that. This definition also does not consider whether any of the debt is secured, or ownership of assets (shares, property, chattels, etc).   So, someone with a mortgage of one million dollars for a home that is worth two million is in debt by one million dollars, until they they sell the home (for that amount) and pay down the mortgage. That means ""in debt"" is not necessarily a statement about net worth."
What an amazingly hollow performance by a retard who dodged the draft talking about valor, honor and sacrifice.  America is imploding, nobody gives a shit what this nit wit says because not only does he not understand what he is talking about, he will change his decision in the next couple of hours.  The first interest in his mind is the Israeli masters welfare and their agents that control the US economy which is about to go down the drain because of QE and what ever financial goobly gook they are going to try and pull there, but next he wants to suck the dick of their cow piss drinking Indian 13th lost tribe.  If this moron survives in office for a couple of more days both the US and the Indians can [default together](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-21/record-defaults-in-india-worsen-nation-s-bad-asset-pain) as the global economy gets fucked again and our Nato allies show us the middle finger one more time.  Meanwhile The Chinese and the Russians are having a good laugh and the Pakistani's are wondering how on earth does this moron think that they will work with him when he sucking Jewish dick and getting butt fucked by the Hindus.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.yalelawjournal.org/note/amazons-antitrust-paradox) reduced by 100%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Amazon&amp;#039;s closest encounter with antitrust authorities was when the Justice Department sued other companies for teaming up against Amazon.  &gt; The political risks associated with Amazon&amp;#039;s market dominance also implicate some of the major concerns that animate antitrust laws.  &gt; D. Amazon Marketplace and Exploiting Data As described above, vertical integration in retail and physical delivery may enable Amazon to leverage cross-sector advantages in ways that are potentially anticompetitive but not understood as such under current antitrust doctrine.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6xhut2/amazons_antitrust_paradox/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~202701 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Amazon**^#1 **price**^#2 **market**^#3 **platform**^#4 **business**^#5"
There are times when you need to find a particular auto part that you already know will be difficult to find. It is one of those rare parts possibly for an older model or older year car. If you call the local auto parts store you may have to wait while they research and hunt for that part.
Remember that shares represent votes at the shareholders' meeting. If share price drops too far below the value of that percentage of the company, the company gets bought out and taken over. This tends to set a minimum share price derived from the company's current value. The share price may rise above that baseline if people expect it to be worth more in the future, or drop s bit below if people expect awful news. That's why investment is called speculation. If the price asked is too high to be justified by current guesses, nobody buys. That sets the upper limit at any given time. Since some of this is guesswork, the market is not completely rational. Prices can drop after good news if they'd been inflated by the expectation of better news, for example. In general, businesses which don't crash tend to grow.  Hence the market as a whole generally trends upward if viewed on a long timescale. But there's a lot of noise on that curve; short term or single stocks are much harder to predict.
Nice burn job. This guy got over big time. I wonder if he will retire for good or just transfer to another firm and run the burn again? It's not like he or any of them will ever face any penalties for it. Must be good to be King.
Great, since you have it all figured out and did manage to read a book, than you should not have to worry abut Iran, and Saudi Arabia and Turkey and Jordan and Oman and Qatar all going Nuclear. We can have a nice Kosher Bar B Q  And the Hilarious thing is both the Chinese and Russians have nuclear weapons that can reach us, but I think the Chinese put too much lead paint on our toys.
"This actually works for some products, e.g. people are OK with paying a premium for ""fair trade"".  There are also ""buy one give one"" programmes where people pay an extra to feel good about their purchase. It works if you  have clear marketing."
one should run their personal business like a company.  I walked away from major credit card debt three years ago.  soon the debt will be effectively gone forever, I having paid nothing.   Fuckers should have negotiated. eat shit big banks.
Never saw such a study, would be very interested in it.  I think it depends on the kind of job.  I'd think that - on average - while individually, fixed hours are probably less effective than flexible one, at the scale of a average size company, the gain is offset by the burden from having too many different schedules amongst workers.
I don't have the same brand, I have the Breville pressure cooker (which is similar but has an extra temperature sensor on the lid), but you don't know what you're talking about. Those buttons for different foods are just presets for pressure level, cooking time, and pressure release setting. Otherwise you can just manually set those options.  Electric pressure cookers are amazing. All the benefits of a traditional pressure cooker but added benefit of computer control. I can make amazing black bean soup (with dried beans) in short time. Make a full flavored chicken stock in the fraction of time that the traditional method takes. Want some chicken pho super fast? Use a pressure cooker. Pork chile verde super fast? It does that too. Risotto in short time without having to constantly stir? It makes great risotto.  My brother has the Instant Pot brand pressure cooker and it seems every bit as good as the one I have.
This is one way in which the scheme could work: You put your own property (home, car, piece of land) as a collateral and get a loan from a bank. You can also try to use the purchased property as security, but it may be difficult to get 100% loan-to-value. You use the money to buy a property that you expect will rise in value and/or provide rent income that is larger than the mortgage payment. Doing some renovations can help the value rise. You sell the property, pay back the loan and get the profits. If you are fast, you might be able to do this even before the first mortgage payment is due. So yeah, $0 of your own cash invested. But if the property doesn't rise in value, you may end up losing the collateral.
It would be meaner to force myself on to someone at a threat of losing there property or possibly jail.  Sadly I'm not entitled to any job I want no matter how qualified I am.  I probably won't be making lots more than I'm making now.
It's important to remember what a share is.  It's a tiny portion of ownership of a company. Let's pretend we're talking about shares in a manufacturing company.  The company has one million shares on its register.  You own one thousand of them.  That means that you own 1/1000th of the company. These shares are valued by the market at $10 per share.  The company has machinery and land worth $1M.  That means that for every dollar of the company you own, 10c of that value is backed by the physical assets of the company.  If the company closed shop tomorrow, you could, in theory at least, get $1 back per share.  The other $9 of the share value is value based on speculation about the future and current ability of the company to grow and earn income. The company is using its $1M in assets and land to produce goods which cost the company $1M in ongoing costs (wages, marketing, raw cost of goods etc...) to produce and make $2M per year in sales.  That means the company is making a profit of $1M per annum (let's assume for the sake of simplicity that this profit is after tax). Now what can the company do with its $1M profit?  It can hand it out to the owners of the company (which means you would get a $1 dividend each year for each share that you own) or it can re-invest that money into additional equipment, product lines or something which will grow the business.  The dividend would be nice, but if the owners bought $500k worth of new machinery and land and spent another $500k on ongoing costs and next year we would end up with a profit of $1.5M. So in ten years time, if the company paid out everything in dividends, you would have doubled your money, but they would have machines which are ten years older and would not have grown in value for that entire time.  However, if they reinvested their profits, the compounding growth will have resulted in a company many times larger than it started. Eventually in practice there is a limit to the growth of most companies and it is at this limit where dividends should be being paid out.  But in most cases you don't want a company to pay a dividend.  Remember that dividends are taxed, meaning that the government eats into your profits today instead of in the distant future where your money will have grown much higher. Dividends are bad for long term growth, despite the rather nice feeling they give when they hit your bank account (this is a simplification but is generally true). TL;DR - A company that holds and reinvests its profits can become larger and grow faster making more profit in the future to eventually pay out.  Do you want a $1 dividend every year for the next 10 years or do you want a $10 dividend in 5 years time instead?
"The answer to your question depends on what you mean when you say ""growth"".  If you mean a literal increase in the aggregate market capitalization of companies, across the entire market, then, no, this sort of growth is not possible without concomitant economic growth.  The reason why is that the market capitalization of each company is proportional to its gross revenue, and the sum of all revenue from selling ""final goods"" (i.e., things purchased and used by consumers) is, apart from a few technicalities, the definition of GDP.  The exact multiplier might fluctuate up or down depending on investors' expectations about how sales will grow or decline going forward, but in a zero-growth economy this multiplier should be stable over the long run.  It might, however, still fluctuate over the short term, but more about that in a minute.   Note that all of this applies to aggregate growth across all firms.  Individual firms can still grow, of course, but as they must do this by gaining market share from other companies such growth would be balanced by a decline for some other firm.  Also, I've assumed zero net exports (that's one of the ""technicalities"" I mentioned above) because obviously you could have export-driven growth even if the domestic economy were stationary. However, often when people talk about ""growth"" in the market, what they really mean is ""return"".  That is, how much does your investment earn for you.  This isn't really the same thing as growth, but people often think of it that way, particularly in the saving phase of their investing career, when they are reinvesting their returns, and therefore their account balances are growing.  It is possible to have a positive return, averaged across the market, even in a stationary economy.  The reason why is that there are really only two things a firm can do with its net profits.  One possibility is that it could invest it in growing the business.  However, there is not much point in doing that in a stationary economy because by assumption no increase in aggregate consumption (and therefore, in the long run, aggregate production) are possible.  Therefore, firms are left with only the second option, which is to pay them out to investors as dividends.  Those dividends provide a return that is independent of economic growth. Would the stock market still be a good investment in such an economy?  Yes.  Well, sort of.  The rate of return from firms' dividend payouts will depend on investors' demand (in aggregate) for returns on their investments.  Stock prices will rise or fall, causing returns to respectively fall or rise, to find that level.  If your personal desire for returns is lower than the average across the investing public, then the stock market would look like a good investment.  If your desired return is higher than the average, then it will look like a poor investment.  The marginal investor will, of course be indifferent.  The practical upshot of this is that the people who invest in the stock market in this scenario will be precisely the ones for whom the stock market is a good investment, given their personal propensity to save and desire for returns, and so forth. Finally, you mentioned that in your scenario the GDP stagnation is due to declining population.  I am less certain what this means for investment, but my first thought is that you would have a large retired population selling its investments to fund late-life consumption, and you would have a comparatively small (relative to history) working population buying those assets.  This would lead to low asset prices, and therefore high rates of return.  However, that's assuming that retirees need to sell assets to fund their retirement consumption.  If the absolute returns on retirees' assets are large enough to fund their retirement consumption then you would wind up with relatively few sellers, resulting in high prices and therefore relatively low rates of return.  It's not obvious to me which effect would dominate, and so it's hard to say whether or not the resulting returns would look attractive to the working-age population."
Fighting with email is a loosing battle. Use a service like amazon ses, mailchimp or a hosting provider with mailchannels or similar smart hosts and be done. Your double opt in, not spam email will more likely be delivered to the inbox (if its single opt, opt out only or quasi spam nothing will help).
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/06/business/economy/united-states-economy-gdp-trump.html?&amp;amp;hp&amp;amp;action=click&amp;amp;pgtype=Homepage&amp;amp;clickSource=story-heading&amp;amp;module=first-column-region&amp;amp;region=top-news&amp;amp;WT.nav=top-news&amp;amp;_r=0) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Far from living up to expectations of a lift after Mr. Trump&amp;#039;s election, the growth rate in the first quarter turned out to be an anemic 1.4 percent.  &gt; Growth of 2 percent is not horrible, especially given that the recovery is now the third longest on record and that the unemployment rate is at 4.3 percent, the lowest in 16 years.  &gt; Macroeconomic Advisers, a St. Louis research firm whose crystal ball is highly regarded among forecasters, began the second quarter by calling for 3.6 percent growth but now estimates the rate will be more like 2.5 percent.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6llqna/hopes_of_trump_bump_for_us_economy_shrink_as/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~160661 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **percent**^#1 **more**^#2 **rate**^#3 **growth**^#4 **economist**^#5"
We offer a far reaching scope of services including review and affirmation, bookkeeping, duty and business admonitory to customers extending from little nearby customers to huge multinational organizations. Further, through our VALIS Group Inc participation, we can join nearby mastery with the information and experience of individual VALIS Group Inc individuals around the world. The procedure Same day company formation of organization fuse in Wilmington, DE doesn't take long if every one of the reports are legitimately submitted and it can last half a month. The outside business visionaries must pick the correct sort of organization to build up considering different perspectives, for example, the offer capital, the destinations and the aggregate number of shareholders.
Mang định hướng là một sản phẩm hạng sang, góp phần nâng tầm diện mạo cho khu vực, Vinhomes Giảng Võ được kỳ vọng sẽ được trau chuốt tỉ mỉ, cẩn thận dưới bàn tay khéo léo, tài hoa của những kiến trúc sư tài ba thuộc tập đoàn thiết kế hàng đầu. Theo một số nguồn tin được tổng hợp từ báo chí, thiết kế tòa nhà dự án theo kiểu “giật cấp” sẽ là phong cách thiết kế mới lạ tại dự án, hứa hẹn những trải nghiệm mới và cảm nhận hoàn toàn mới dành riêng cho Quý cư dân tương lai của chung cư Vinhomes Giảng Võ: với không gian rộng thoáng hơn (đặc biệt đối với các căn hộ càng ở phía trên cao); hệ thống sân vườn, không gian xanh trên cao. Kiểu thiết kế này khiến Quý khách hàng liên tưởng tới Vườn treo Babylon – một trong những kỳ quan vĩ đại nhất trên thế giới.
If your criteria has changed but some of your existing holdings don't meet your new criteria you should eventually liquidate them, because they are not part of your new strategy. However, you don't want to just liquidate them right now if they are currently performing quite well (share price currently uptrending).  One way you could handle this is to place a trailing stop loss on the stocks that don't meet your current criteria and let the market take you out when the stocks have stopped up trending.
The one thing your friend needs to understand is for every dollar paid out, there is somebody paying that dollar in.  The mark of a Ponzi scheme is that it feeds on itself. The stock market has trade volumes where it almost meets the definition of a Ponzi scheme.  However, it deals with shares in actual production facilities (rather than only financial institutions) and provides means of production in return for large amounts of the profits.  So there is someone legitimately expecting to pay back more than he gets out, in return for the availability of money at a time where he could not finance matters except by credit. With your friend's scheme, there is nobody expected to pay more than he gets out. Nail him down with that: every dollar paid out has to be paid in.  Who is the one paying? At this point of time, it sounds like there will be two possible outcomes.  You'll be visiting your friend in debtors' prison, or you'll visit him in criminal prison.  If you highly value your friendship, you might get him out of the former with your own money.  You won't be able with the latter.  And if you let him exploit his standing for scamming his community, make no mistake, it will be the latter. I don't envy you.
"Home Depot, Lowe's and Best Buy are all ""big box"" stores which sell appliances.  One can also buy appliances at smaller stores like Ace Hardware or True Value.  Sears and HH Gregg are not the only places to buy appliances.  Wal Mart even sells smaller appliances.  I wouldn't be surprised if selling large appliances were their next move in retail."
Norton Scientific: Norton Internet Security 2011 - 1 User/3 PC  amazon.com — Product Features Surf, shop, and bank online safely with the fast, light threat protection of Norton Internet Security 2011. Lets you email, chat and surf the web without worrying about cybercriminals ripping you off. Delivers the industry's fastest security suite for protection from online dangers without sacrificing performance. Guards against online identity theft so you can shop, bank and visit social networks with confidence. Updates automatically, offers easy-to-use features and includes free customer support during your subscription period. Delivers the industry's fastest security suite for protection from online dangers without sacrificing performance Guards against online identity theft so you can shop, bank and visit social networks with confidence Lets you email, chat and surf the web without worrying about cybercriminals ripping you off Surf, shop, and bank online safely with the fast, light threat protection of Norton Internet Security 2011 Updates automatically, offers easy-to-use features and includes free customer support during your subscription period Sep 19,
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-22/hong-kong-braces-for-storm-hato-stock-trading-may-be-disrupted) reduced by 73%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Hong Kong upgraded the storm warning to the highest for the first time in five years and canceled its morning trading session as Severe Typhoon Hato drew closer to the financial center.  &gt; Should the signal remain in effect by noon, trading on the world&amp;#039;s fourth-largest equity market will be scrapped for the day, according to Hong Kong Exchanges &amp; Clearing Ltd. rules.  &gt; At 9 a.m., Severe Typhoon Hato was centered about 80 kilometers south of Hong Kong, the Observatory said.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6vgq2t/hong_kong_delays_morning_trading_as_typhoon_hato/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~196625 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Hong**^#1 **Kong**^#2 **close**^#3 **Typhoon**^#4 **trading**^#5"
"No you do not need a credit card.  They are convenient to have sometimes.  But you do not ""need"" one.  I know people who only have one for use when they travel for work and get reimbursed later.  But most companies have other ways to pay for your travel if you tell them you do not have a credit card."
Good comparable.  Interest Rate Swap very often also come at a charge i.e. the hedging counterparty typically charges you a 'credit' and 'execution' charge ontop of what you pay them (fixed rate).  This means that the Mafia-like Bully is going to keep some money in his own pocket for dealing with the 'variable' bully and overall he will take a bit of a profit from this deal.
You can apply for a position with any company you like, whether or not you are a shareholder. However, owning shares in a company, even lots of shares in a company, does not entitle you to having them even look at your resume for any job, let alone the CEO position. You generally cannot buy your way into a job.  The hiring team, if they are doing their job correctly, will only hire you if you are qualified for the job, not based on what your investments are. Stockholders get a vote at the shareholders' meeting and a portion of the profits (dividend), and that's about it.  They usually don't even get a discount on products, let alone a job. Of course, if you own a significant percentage of the stock, you can influence the selections to the board of directors.  With enough friends on the board, you could theoretically get yourself in the CEO position that way.
This is great news. Proving that Comcast is effectively (albeit indirectly) throttling specific traffic would be difficult in court, to a judge or jury. But regulators have significant expertise. They will understand Netflix's arguments. Also, since Netflix has signed a deal, they will not look like outsiders just wishing to join the party. They are complaining about their own business partners!  I now expect the Comcast/TimeWarner merger to be stopped. Lobbying won't help them at this point, so I wouldn't be surprised if Comcast starts running ads to buttress their weak case.
"ycharts.com has ""Weighted Average PE Ratio"" and a bunch of other metrics that are meant to correspond to well known stock metrics.  Other websites will have similar ratios."
No, I'm saying that many potential customers believe BBB to be important.  You aren't going to preemptively change the minds of every potential future customer.  So you can look better in their eyes with BBB accreditation, or you can possibly lose the customer before you even start.  I'm not commenting on BBB at all, just their perception.
If the house is titled to the estate, neither of you own the house and it cannot be mortgaged. Executor of the will is supposed to provide to you and to the probate court periodic reports as to what is going on. Check them up and talk to your probate lawyer.
Itunes U has some really good online classes on economics. And as with a lot of things check out Khanacademy.org. He has a whole financial section of really well made videos.   Good books to read regarding the financial crisis are The Big Short by Lewis and Too Big To Fail by Sorkin.
I choose lifecycle funds because I am placing faith (perhaps foolishly) that a full time fund manager knows better what to pick than I.  The same reason I go with mutual funds in general apply to to why I also have the lifecycle funds.  Presently my diversification strategy is really just index funds and lifecycle funds. The radio advice guy Clark Howard often promotes them. http://www.wacotrib.com/none/content/shared/money/stories/clark/0601/060425money.html (I count in the intimidated group)
$27,000 for a car?!  Please, don't do that to yourself! That sounds like a new-car price.  If it is, you can kiss $4k-$5k of that price goodbye the moment you drive it off the lot.  You'll pay the worst part of the depreciation on that vehicle. You can get a 4-5 year old Corolla (or similar import) for less than half that price, and if you take care of it, you can get easily another 100k miles out of it. Check out Dave Ramsey's video.  (It's funny that the car payment he chooses as his example is the same one as yours: $475! ;) )  I don't buy his take on the 12% return on the stock market (which is fantasy in my book) but buying cars outright instead of borrowing or (gasp) leasing, and working your way up the food chain a bit with the bells/whistles/newness of your cars, is the way to go.
There's a lot going on here. I'd be making the maximum ($5500 for a single person under 50) contribution to the Roth IRA each year. Not too late to put in for 2014 before Wednesday, 4/15.  Not out of your income, but from the T Rowe Price account. As long as you have earned income, you can make an IRA deposit up to the limit, 5500, or up to that income. The money itself can come from other funds. Just explain to Dad, you're turning the money into a long term retirement account. I doubt that will trouble him.  Aside from that, too much will change when you are out of school. At 18, it's a matter of learning to budget, save what you can, don't get into debt for stupid things. (Stupid, not as I would judge, but as the 25 year old you will judge.)
The article paints a picture that COSTO pays well above minimum wage. Making it sound as if they intentionally pay this wage to help the working man who needs a livable wage, which is a hot topic these days.   When in fact, it has NOTHING to do with helping people and everything to do with just good smart business. More with less.   It's a spin piece. That's all.   Personally, I have nothing against COSTCO and appreciate the model of their store.
To stop worrying about the car engine, proper tuning of the car becomes essential. It makes sure timing and fuel consumption comes in line with the safety. Decide what type of use or performance is expected of the car. Select the platform and based on the budget get the car modification done.
India has Foreign Exchange Management Act. Under the liberalized scheme, there are limits for individuals to move funds out of India for specific purposes. Any such transfer require a CA certificate, so it would be advisable to talk to a CA to understand the specifics of your case.
"If you just had one expense once a year of $1200, you would put in $100 a month. The average balance is going to be $600 in that case - the 0 and $1200 months average to $600, as do the $100 and $1100, the $200 and $1000, and so on. If you had one expense twice a year of $600 and put in $100 per month it will average to $300. You have a mix of 3/6/12 months - does 8 months seem reasonable as an ""average"" frequency? If so, there should be about a 4 month slush all the time. Now instead of one expense averaged over 12 months, imagine 12 accounts, each needing $100 a month. If you started at zero, you would put in $1200 the first month and immediately spend it. One account would go from +100 (its share of what you put in) to -1100 while the rest are all at +100. Overall your balance would be zero. Then the next month you would again deposit 1200 and spend 1200, bringing one account to -1000, one to -1100, and the rest to +200. You average to zero actually on deposit because some of the ""accounts"" have negative balances and some have positive. But aren't doing that. You ""caught up"" the months you were  behind. So it would be like putting in $1200 for the first account, $1100 for the second, $1000 for the third and so on - a total of $7800. Then you take out $1200 and go down to 6600. The next month you put in $1200 and take out $1200 but you will always have that $6600 amount in there. All of the accounts will have positive balances - averaging $550 in this example."
Welcome to newborn photography. We have many types of photographers. We capture small children photos. Our photography is very smart and our picture quality is the best. If you are going to welcome a newborn baby in your house and willing to capture all the precious moments, then you must hire and approach the best minneapolis newborn photographer to avail their services. Many customers walk our doors because our camera picture quality is better and clearer. We have many years of experience in newborn photography. When a child is about two to four weeks, we are always ready to capture him/her.
All right wing corporatist propaganda bullshit. Stop watching fox news or whatever right wing douche you're listening to. The minimum has been raised many times in history. Every time there was this propaganda as to why we shouldn't and every time we did there was an era of prosperity that followed. You have literally no proof other than regurgitating bullshit. Automation will happen regardless.  [Proof you're wrong](http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/politics/15-wage-has-little-impact-on-seattles-thriving-labor-market-report-suggests/)  Edit: [Right wing economics fails again.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/6fu2er/kansas_republicans_end_the_states_failed/)
If you're sure you want to go the high risk route: You could consider hot stocks or even bonds for companies/countries with lower credit ratings and higher risk. I think an underrated cost of investing is the tax penalties that you pay when you win if you aren't using a tax advantaged account. For your speculating account, you might want to open a self-directed IRA so that you can get access to more of the high risk options that you crave without the tax liability if any of those have a big payout. You want your high-growth money to be in a Roth, because it would be a shame to strike it rich while you're young and then have to pay taxes on it when you're older. If you choose not to make these investments in a tax-advantaged account, try to hold your stocks for a year so you only get taxed at capital gains rates instead of as ordinary income. If you choose to work for a startup, buy your stock options as they vest so that if the company goes public or sells privately, you will have owned those stocks long enough to qualify for capital gains. If you want my actual advice about what I think you should do: I would increase your 401k percentage to at least 10% with or without a match, and keep that in low cost index funds while you're young, but moving some of those investments over to bonds as you get closer to retirement and your risk tolerance declines. Assuming you're not in the 25% tax bracket, all of your money should be in a Roth 401k or IRA because you can withdraw it without being taxed when you retire.  The more money you put into those accounts now while you are young, the more time it all has to grow. The real risk of chasing the high-risk returns is that when you bet wrong it will set you back far enough that you will lose the advantage that comes from investing the money while you're young. You're going to have up and down years with your self-selected investments, why not just keep plugging money into the S&P which has its ups and downs, but has always trended up over time?
"&gt;New Census Bureau data shows that median household net worth, excluding home equity, fell by 25% between 2005 and 2010. That decline was driven largely by the plummeting stock market, which devastated Americans' portfolios and retirement accounts.  Of course what the article *doesn't* mention, is that a significant part of that ""net worth"" was entirely illusory.  Both in the ""value of houses"" (artificially elevated by the housing bubble), and in the stock market (likewise and artificial boom, in no small part driven by the housing bubble, which itself was driven by a credit bubble)."
"If you mean, If I invest, say, $1000 in a stock that is growing at 5% per year, versus investing $1000 in an account that pays compound interest of 5% per year, how does the amount I have after 5 years compare? Then the answer is, They would be exactly the same.  As Kent Anderson says, ""compound interest"" simply means that as you accumulate interest, that for the next interest cycle, the amount that they pay interest on is based on the previous cycle balance PLUS the interest. For example, suppose you invest $1000 at 5% interest compounded annually. After one year you get 5% of $1000, or $50. You now have $1050. At the end of the second year, you get 5% of $1050 -- not 5% of the original $1000 -- or $52.50, so you now have $1102.50. Etc. Stocks tend to grow in the same way. But here's the big difference: If you get an interest-bearing account, the bank or investment company guarantees the interest rate. Unless they go bankrupt, you WILL get that percentage interest. But there is absolutely no guarantee when you buy stock. It may go up 5% this year, up 4% next year, and down 3% the year after. The company makes no promises about how much growth the stock will show. It may show a loss. It all depends on how well the company does."
&gt; If half of your failed aplicants are failing due to mj maybe its time reevaluate your requirements perhaps ?  A business actually in need of workers isn't choosy. This sounds more like someone wanting a private jet. Nice to dream about, but not needed.
"TL;DR:  It doesn't matter.  At a point of sufficient credit score, your income is far more important, for loan approval, than your credit score. Apparently this was a big mistake because it caused my score to drop to 744 Not really, except for the questionability of opening a margin account.  A credit score of 744 is sufficient for the best rates. Credit score algorithms are dynamic and advice that may have been good in years past may not be applicable today.  Pay your bills and don't have unnecessary credit, that will lead to your best credit score.   For me, despite not following conventional wisdom, I am ""enjoying"" the highest credit score of my life.  I have closed accounts that are just unnecessary and have done some other things that the experts say I should not do to keep a high credit score. However, all that doesn't matter.  I do not have a need for credit and will likely never have a need beyond my rebate card.  I feel like this is also true for you.  What difference does it make if you have an 822 or a 744?  Probably none.  At that point, your income counts more toward loan eligibility."
Heard.  Once-lauded?  It's still very prestigious, the article argued it can't claim the de-facto numero uno business school because partially of some ethical issues that have harmed the integrity of the school.    MBAs from top-tier institutions, even public ones, are highly valuable.
So if you're thinking of enjoying the rains, get clear PVC blinds for your patio.Find a blinds consultant who can advise you on the best type of blinds for your location.Several hundred Panel Glide Blinds manufacturers are listed on the website but you can easily find one close to your home. You might also want to analyse a few quotes from different suppliers to compare pricing and get the best deal on clear PVC blinds for your outdoor areas.
Spam. OPs post history shows that he is affiliated with this website. In fact, he started a thread asking about how to increase traffic to a personal finance website geared towards millennials. My guess is it is this site. Post history shows he regularly posts links to this site on different financial subreddits.   OP--This is not the type of finance this sub discusses.
"I'm obviously not trying to shift towards a fact-based analysis, because this is a political topic with no established right answer.  There is no fact that shows taxing the rich is good or bad.  It's a political opinion.  Anyone who brings ""facts"" in at this level is simply trying to declare themselves correct.   And my point isn't that Republicans are bad, but that they are covering their harmful economic policies with helpful ones.  The obvious implication isn't that they are bad people, but that we should be critical of their bad policies and applaud their good ones."
I've gone through and read your posts. At this point, you're married. With this in mind, when do you just settle on the fact that your wedding didn't meet your expectations? I mean, seriously? You've basically spammed /r/wedding with your complaints, and now you want to use a bad Yelp review to get more money out of this venue? They offered you a reasonable amount, and your coordinator had a damn good excuse for not being at the wedding. Give it up already. You're not going to get a free wedding.
"the Yen is *the source* of **""carry trades""**. It means whichever savvy people with means who want to borrow money to invest on a leveraged basis anywhere in the world, come running to borrow in yen. Why? Because (1) Japan is an advanced economy whose currency is freely convertible to many many currencies/countries who are happy to convert yen back and forth. (2) Japanese interest rates are low, lower than in the west b/c of their earlier deflationary crises due to too much debt and due to west requiring Yen to be too strong after the Plaza accords; so it's cheap to borrow there.  So a lot of investment around the world has, in origin, come from borrowing in japan.  As long as that investment is ""on"", the loan to japan remains outstanding. But the investor earns the ""carry"": the rate of difference between the cost of borrowing in Yen, and earning the return from whatever investment it is.   When scary things happen (like war, disaster, coups etc) the big money bags/investors pull their money out of their investments and put it in their banks.  This means they sell their investments, wherever they are, convert some of that money back into yent ( BUY YEN ) to return their yen loans. yen goes up."
"&gt; the president has little to nothing to do with the stock market.  Absolutely not! Nonsense!  The president can easily kill the economy and cause a crash in the stock market in few day.   The current improvement in the economy, employment, stock market, etc is directly because of Trump stance against the TPP, Immigration, over-regulation, etc.  &gt; What I do is listen to the idiotic words that your leader says.   He's your president!  He's much smarter than Hillary who can't even handle debate questions unless she cheat with another fake-News, CNN. For God sake, never ever any candidate did such a thing and if my son cheated on a test like this, he would be expelled from school.  In any case, Trump must be smart because he's very successful business person, and Hillary is just ""the wife of"".  How can anyone vote for Hillary or Democrats in the last elections is beyond me.  And for your information, I am a democrat who voted for Obama twice, for Al Gore (idiot!) and Kerry (a bigger idiot!).  The DNC is totally corrupt, evil, untrustworthy and dysfunctioning. I hope that by next election they will fix the issues and have a descent candidate. Most likely not."
So did Reddit just pull a Digg?  Note to Reddit:  When I left Digg a few years ago, after they fucked their site design up completely, it happened fast and permanent.  It was similar for many other people, I would imagine.  Reddit is replaceable.  Reddit, likely, will be replaced one day.  STAFF OF REDDIT:  Is today the day?
"This is the textbook for the course. Probably a little excessive for a casual purchase lol but it literally has everything you would ever need to know about trusts and is like ~1500 pages. Even goes into tax and what isn't a trust relationship for example corporation's assets and other interesting stuff.   https://www.amazon.com/Loring-Rounds-Trustees-Handbook-2017/dp/145487158X/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1507755967&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=trusts+charles+rounds  As far as other sources go I don't really think I am in a position to recommend much as I am still learning. This website: https://www.quimbee.com/activity ; covers a bunch of basic law school courses in general. but again, its a paid subscription but I think it is only like $15 a month. I use it all the time to help me practice and learn the concepts better for various subjects. I'm a 3L now and that website has helped me and also a ton of my friends and has videos which I find much more helpful than just reading walls and walls of legal text. If you did the ""Wills, Trusts, and Estates"" section, that alone is probably worth the $15 monthly fee. I can even refer you and get a $25 amazon giftcard apparently lol"
The steps that I could imagine following:
"Find another job and leave ASAP, before the situation starts spilling outside. We all tend to work in relatively small ""work bubbles"", where key people in different companies talk to each other. If you leave now, you leave with your reputation intact and can look for a job while you still have a job If the situation gets worse, you can be ""marked"" as a troublemaker, and will make your search for a job harder. Also, should you get fired, you would be looking for a job as an unemployed person, which is a much worse situation to be in. As you discovered, HR's job is to protect the company, and usually the table is tilted in favor of management (simply because they have  a longer history usually and more invested in them), so fighting the situation is rarely worth it, unless you have real proof of illegal behavior. Get out now"
My recommendation would be to pay off your student loan debt as soon as possible. You mention that the difference between your student loan and the historical, long-term return on the stock market is one-half percent.  The problem is, the 7% return that you are counting on from the stock market is not guaranteed.  You might get 7% over the next few years, but you also might do much worse.  The 6.4% interest that you will save by aggressively paying off your debt is guaranteed. You are concerned about the opportunity cost of paying your debt early.  However, this cost is only temporary.  By drawing out your debt payments, you have a long-term opportunity cost.  By this, I mean that 4 years from now, you could still have 6 years of debt payments hanging over your head, or you could be debt free with all of your income available to save, spend, or invest as you see fit. In my opinion, prolonging debt just to try to come out 0.5% ahead is not worth the hassle or risk.
I did not know that.  Maybe they haven't done such a great job at branding after all. Or maybe it's because I don't do much grocery shopping in my household.   I'm going to pay more attention to it next time. Very interesting.
If I designed a system that handled multimillion dollar orders, I'd have the foresight to include a timestamp / order #, so resubmissions didn't generate duplicate charges. But that's probably just me and my small town ways.
"I'm usually not a fan of video compared to text, but I agree that this was an effective use of video.  Let me use one example that struck me.  They use the term ""commission"" at one point.  Some of their viewers may not know what a sales commission is.  Some will.  They could explain it and bore the latter viewers.  They could not explain it and lose the former listeners.  Instead, they just play a cash register sound when they mention the term ""commission"", which clues in the former watchers and doesn't bore the latter watchers to tears."
I tend to agree that the need for liquidity is overplayed in this day and age.  We live in a world of electronic transfers that take only a couple days at most.  With my brokerage account I can go from stock to gas in my tank via debit card in about 3 days. We're a long way away from the days when it took weeks, phone calls, and physical checks in the mail to go from stock to cash in your hand.  We've also moved a long way away from limited credit/debit card acceptance.  It was not long ago that my mechanic didn't accept credit cards.  Locksmiths didn't carry a square reader on their iPhone 10 years ago.   However, don't expect debt to always be available.  Many many many people with strong income and stellar credit histories had their credit/HELOC limits slashed from 2008-2010 while banks pared back risk.  A cash position of a size that makes sense gives you a high level of short term control; you aren't reliant on someone else's money. Liquidity isn't the main issue with emergency funds.  The main issue is psychological.  Build a foundation rather than overly optimistically chasing yield.
"Over time, gold has mainly a hedge against inflation, based on its scarcity value. That is, unless finds some ""killer app"" for it that would also make it a good investment. The ""usual"" ones, metallurgical, electronic, medicine, dental, don't really do the trick. It should be noted that gold performs its inflation hedge function over a long period of time, say $50-$100 years.  Over shorter periods of time, it will spike for other reasons. The latest classic example was in 1979-80, and the main reason, in my opinion, was the Iranian hostage crisis (inflation was secondary.) This was a POLITICAL risk situation, but one that was not unwarranted. An attack on 52 U.S. hostages (diplomats, no less), was potenially an attack on the U.S. dollar. But gold got so pricey that it lost its ""inflation hedge"" function for some two decades (until about 2000). Inflation has not been a notable factor in 2011. But Mideastern political risk has been. Witness Egypt, Libya, and potentially Syria and other countries. Put another way, gold is less of an investment that a ""hedge."" And not just against inflation."
In most countries there are specific guidelines on buy backs. It is never a case where by one fine morning company would buy its shares and sell it whenever it wants. In general company has to pass a board resolution, sometimes it also requires it to be approved by share holders. It has to notify the exchange weeks in advance. Quite a few countries require a price offer to all. I.E. it cannot execute a market order. All in all the company may have inside information, but it cannot time the market.
It refers to the risk free rate of a particular country. Because all other rates are usually pegged to the risk free rate. In US,it is the 30 day treasury rate. In England, it is the LIBOR In Canada, it is the overnight rate at which banks lend money to each other. All of these come under the category of risk free rate.
Their shifting strategies from simply a medium to provide content that others have made to a content producer.  That takes money.  As long as the investments pay off and they pay their debts on time its should be fine.  Ultimately I think they have no choice as content is increasingly streamed from the internet.  What need to content producers like HBO need from content providers like Comcast and Netflix.  People can buy HBO directly and watch it as long as they have an internet connection.  Netflix doesn't provide internet or communications infrastructure like comcast and verizon and they weren't a content producer so they were going to be obsolete soon.  Producing and owning content that others want to purchase and using that content as a way to make the netflix platform more valuable to other content producers seems like a good strategy to me.  I actually don't think they have a choice.  They still may not make it and my bust, but using debt to pay for the strategy they have decided on is not going to be the reason they fold.  Its just a means to an end and its one of the only means they have available right now.
Few extra dollars? Sometimes $10+ a ticket, which quickly becomes $20 when taking someone out. As someone who goes to a few shows a week (so far two this week, third this Saturday), that would be $60 a week, but sadly I do not have a girlfriend.   I actually didn't think I would have an example from this week, but look at [Laura Marling's](http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/0700475301BFB681?artistid=1362337&amp;majorcatid=10001&amp;minorcatid=1) show in Chicago. The **service fees are $14.34**. I actually saw her at a venue this week primarily run by volunteers (also not ticketmaster) and the show was a quarter the cost. When service fees cost as much (sometimes more) as a concert there is something wrong.
Loving the discussion. I can't argue that new areas of the economy will open up and allow for some offset for those jobs lost through increasing productivity/efficiency, but I have a hard time believing that they can fully offset, but certainly anything is possible.   Do you think that this push toward self employment can happen as fast as losses due to automation, or will there be some lag time? That lag time is where we (as a society) will feel massive pain, which, I argue is at least part of what we've been seeing in the last few years.
This was during undergrad.  If you are in undergrad, get a high GPA and study finance and accounting.  Try going the investment banking or fortune 500 internal finance/M&amp;A route.  Or if you like the broker idea, interview for private wealth management at legit firms (merrill, goldman, citi, etc).  If you absolutely want to be more of a broker, try interviewing for merrill lynch, wells fargo advisers, edward jones, etc. to see if you can handle it.  Even at merrill you are basically cold calling, but you have a legit firm at your back with the opportunity to build a legitimate business.  In general though, these cold calling broker jobs are hard to stay with.  If you aren't cut out of it, you wont last more than a few months.
This is like presuming that because the government laid some telephone lines that they'd somehow have backdoor access to listen to your phone calls.  If all they're doing is laying the generic fiber it's got nothing to do with intercepting your information. It's the equivalent to laying own a highway.
&gt; Well, you still have to pay to ship &amp; store paper, ink, binding materials, and book-binding printers &amp; parts.  Not to mention printing in mass is probably cheaper per unit in the end. If Apple could have mini iPhone assembly lines in its stores and produce only what people want, that would be cool bit massively expensive.
If you are planning a long distance trip, you may want some kind of transportation when you come at your destination place as surely it is not feasible to take along your personal car. Another option would be to utilize public transport.
you can try CME DataSuite. Your broker gives you real time options quotes. If you do not have one you can open a scottrade account with just $500 deposit. When I moved my money from scottrade to ameritrade they did not close my account even till this day I can access my scottrade account and see real time quotes and the same research they offered me before. You can try withdrawing your deposit and see if it stays open like mine did.
"Yes, it is indeed hard to get out of poverty. But for the people that do, and sacrifice it all in order to make a better life for their children, would you then tax them so their children have to start over at nothing again?  That sounds like incentivising poverty again, and it doesn't actually fix anything. If unemployment benefits and higher taxes are the problems keeping people in poverty, I don't see how the solution should be to tax more so that we can what... have more benefits programs that incentivise poverty?  It feels good to demonize the ""rich"" because we all can participate. The homeless can blame the $40k income can blame the $250k income can blame the $1M income can blame the %1. Because they have more stuff than we do. But taking that stuff away doesn't increase the standard of living for anyone, it actually makes it more difficult for everyone."
I've operated our family owned lan center with PC's and consoles for the last 4 years and some change. If you ever want to discuss your business plan, target demographic or any other aspects of the business please feel free to contact me.  www.level-up-augusta.com  http://imgur.com/gallery/S67t0  I've talked to current owners, people in various stages of planning, and others that are just testing the waters. The facts are LAN centers don't fail any more or less than any other small business. There are plenty of ways to make this business model work.
"Maybe, in that the government gets interest on the money it takes in, and has to pay interest on the money it spends or has agreed to spend (pensions, etc.). So depending on which interest rate is higher, the disadvantage shifts a little.  It's also not a question of ""deeming"" things, but a tax credit would be more like taking a cut in pay rather than spending more money. Thinking of it as ""spending tax money"" should only be a way of helping to show that it makes this disadvantage."
"Have you been rejected from a rental for a specific reason (leading to this question)?  Landlords are in the business of exchanging space for regular payments with no drama.  Anything they ask in an application should be something to minimize the risk of drama.   The ""happy path"" optimistic goal is that you pay your rent by the due date every month.  If your income is not sufficient for this, demonstrating you have assets and would be able to pay for the full term of the lease is part of the decision to enter into the lease with you.   In the non-happy-path, say you fall off the face of the earth before ending the lease.  The landlord could be owed several months of rent, and could pursue a legal judgment on your assets.  With a court order, they can make the bank pay out what is owed; having bank information reduces the landlord's cost and research efforts in the event the story has degenerated to this point (in the jargon of landlording, this means the tenant is ""collectable"").  While of course you could have zeroed out your accounts or moved money to a bank you didn't tell the landlord in the meantime, if you are not the bad actor in this story, you probably wouldn't have.   If you get any kind of ""spidey-sense"" about a landlord or property at all there is probably a better rental situation in your city.  You also want to minimize drama.  If the landlord is operating like a business, they're not in this to perform identity theft.  If the landlord is sloppy, or has sloppy office workers, that would be different.   In the event sharing your asset information truly bothers you, and the money is for rental expense anyway, you could offer to negotiate a 1 year prepaid rental (of course knock another 5%-10% off for time value of money and lower risk to landlord) if you're sure you wouldn't want to leave early."
Inform the company that you didn't receive the payment. Only they can trace the payment via their bank.
your plan to implement business VoIP phones in your office can look very easy, but the fact is miles away from this. Therefore, in this post, you’ll get a brief glossary of some major terms that we will have to use on a daily basis.
"Today sure, but that market is similar to day trading in it's volatility. It's great for individuals to make some money in the short term but it's not a good product to build a company around. Especially since the corporate giants already own the entire marketplace.  And you need to take seriously that they have a 50/50 success/fail rate. Facebook is succeeding, Twitter is failing. That's not an indication of stability.  Anyway you need to understand the technology and the consumer marketplace to really know what you're talking about and I suspect you don't. No offense intended. I've been using the internet since before computers were ""cool"" and I do know what I'm talking about."
Get the good inspection team by Assured Building Inspections, it is a necessary process to everyone house owner before buying the house. Our excellent team recognizes the building's lacks and resolve that problem. We are specialising the most issues in Pre Purchase Property Inspections – building &amp; pest inspections. Our impartial reviews provide our customers with the confidence and peace of thoughts they want to do nicely informed, well taken into consideration decisions about any belongings building issues. We  associate the most building inspection team for the better result, it is certainly one of Australia's main Fully Licensed and Insured building and wood pest inspection businesses offering expert constructing consultancy offerings, specialising in pre-purchase  inspections.
You would probably be best off checking through your loan documents to see if anything is listed in it in regards to tearing down the existing house. Likely it is not allowed. Thinking about it logically, the house is collateral for the mortgage, and you are wanting to destroy the collateral. I would expect the bank would not be pleased. Semi related question (answers have some good info) -  Construction loan for new house replacing existing mortgaged house?
"keeps telling me that she'll be in a difficult position if I quit.  ""And she promised me that she will put me in contact with different people if I do well (she used to work in IBD)""  Let me translate.  Your boss doesn't care about you and will do or say anything necessary to keep you.  Sorry that's a bit blunt, but this is what management does.  If you leave and pursue IBD, they will respect that and help you whether you stay or not...unless they don't give a shit.  You need to do what's best for you.  You can very easily say ""I don't think this is the best place for me to learn X, I need to go to Y company to achieve this.  It took me Z weeks to learn this""   Of course this doesn't apply if you've known this person for years beforehand, but I'm 95% sure this is what you need to be aware of. Management sucks when you aren't in their ""club,"" (which it sounds like you're not) it's a part of life."
&gt; Why are you bringing in Hillary or Obama?   Because if you are against Trump, you must(!) be for Hillary or the DNC or both.  &gt; My argument was that Mitch McConnell and congress killed it.  Even if it's true, it's what Trump wanted, what he would have done, what he has done, and the GOP did it, for him.   All this, despite the wishes of the DNC, Obama and Hillary. Am I right? yes or no?   &gt; How can I ... take President Trump seriously  Because it seems that you are not opposed to anything that Trump does.  Ok!!!!! Tell me of something that Trump did that you do agree to or do not like. Let's go this route!
this sounds like a course question lol. There are plenty of ways, don't think too deep into it as a question. e-mail, bulletin boards, physical mail, cloud computing/storage and the internet in general has changed the way documents are distributed and obtained.
You said the hold would last a week. That's your answer. No you can't spend it again until the hold clears.
You could look into refinancing with a bank or credit union.  But to weed out options quickly, use a service like LendingTree, which can vet multiple options for you a whole lot more quickly than you could probably do yourself.  (I don't work for, or get any benefit from LendingTree.)  Whatever you do, try to do all the applying within a short span of time, as to not negatively affect your credit score (read here) by creating extraneous inquiries.   Then again, if your credit sucks, you might not qualify for a re-fi.  If you are turned down, make your payments on time for six months or so, and try again.
I don't see how Paypal can stop you from transferring USD funds from your paypal account to a USD account held with a bank. Just tell them to do the transfer to your account. The issue could be around USD onshore / offshore regulation. Is the US government preventing EU citizens from taking USD income offshore? If that's the case then you need a correspondent bank. So in other words, like using your friend. But what you can do is ask your bank who is their correspondent bank in the US, and whether they have the license required to transfer USD funds offshore. So you shift the regulation issues to your bank, and then you have to accept your bank's exchange rate - which is going to be better than paypal, who charges too much for FX transactions.
Technically you should take the quarterly dividend yield as a fraction, add one, take the cube root, and subtract one (and then multiple by the stock price, if you want a dollar amount per share rather than a rate).  This is to account for the fact that you could have re-invested the monthly dividends and earned dividends on that reinvestment. However, the difference between this and just dividing by three is going to be negligible over the range of dividend rates that are realistically paid out by ordinary stocks.
I think the point is that the rest of the public is basically subsidizing their payroll.  Wal-mart could afford to pay workers what the workers make up for in food stamps, but they don't.   What sources of income you have is less important than the total balance, so as long as it's enough to get by it keeps people from taking to the streets and demanding more.
I would also consider the following factors: How stable is your income?  Are you in an industry that could vanish in the near future?  How long would it take you to replace this income?  If you are at risk, then you need to consider that your lenders do not care how fast you've paid down your debt.  All the care about is that you make next month's payment.  You need to have liquid reserves available to weather any storm. (current wisdom is 3-6 months expenses).  It may be prudent to put this money in GICs or T-bills.  There may be an early withdrawal penalty, but at least you won't lose your house. (obviously, this isn't as important when you can actually retire all debt) What's your debt level?  If it's more than 3x income, then reducing that number might be the most prudent. On another note, what is your expected retirement income?  IRAs defer the tax to a later year. BUT, if you expect a great pension, it is feasible that you might be in a higher tax bracket on retirement (when you withdraw the funds) than you are now -- A situation that makes Indexed Retirement planning counterproductive. (Rich people don't buy IRAs)
If you can afford to max out an HSA and cover out of pocket expenses without withdrawing from it, it makes sense to do so.  It might sound initially risky to tie too much money to healthcare expenses, perhaps you'll enjoy exceptional health and not need those funds. However, the annual contribution limit ($3,350/year for an individual) is low enough that it's unlikely you'd overfund your HSA, but even if you didn't need it all for healthcare, after 65 you can withdraw HSA funds without the 20% withdrawal penalty that you're hit with if under 65, so best case it's tax-free, worst-case it's like an IRA.  From a tax perspective, your contributions are a tax-deduction like a traditional IRA, there's no tax on the gains, and you withdraw it tax-free as well, so long as you have healthcare expenses. The tricky bit is you can get reimbursed for your expenses at any time. If you pay out of pocket now, in 20 years you can get a reimbursement from your HSA: From HSA Bank's FAQ Can I use my tax-free HSA savings to pay for — or reimburse myself for   — IRS-qualified medical expenses from a previous year?    Yes, as long as   the IRS-qualified medical expenses were incurred after your HSA was   established, you can pay them or reimburse yourself with HSA funds at   any time. Just be sure to keep sufficient records to show that these   expenses were not previously paid for by another source or taken as an   itemized deduction in any prior tax year.
Much like everyone else in 2011 I almost invested $100 in bitcoin and was almost going to go all in as I had $1000 cash on hand. Not sure if I would've sat on it as my bank account is a rollercoaster. Kinda cool that that mindest almost netted me 400,000-4,000,000 USD.    Edit: I'm now in my early twenties lol would have been cool
"A lot bothers me about this article - numbers and claims that don't seem right...  http://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/pet_crd_crpdn_adc_mbbl_a.htm - 10% increase in US oil production over 5 years... Not a ""dramatic"" increase in production.  Peace in the middle east? Err, yeah... Slowdown in growth in China? Sure - only 8.1% GDP growth in Q12012, that doesn't mean demand will suddenly decline, just that it won't go up quite as quickly (http://money.cnn.com/2012/04/12/news/economy/china-gdp/index.htm)  Lots of other little things as well, but the summary is that I don't think we'll be seeing $2 gas anytime soon."
"See my comment below about the official exchange rate. There is no ""official"" exchange rate to apply as far as I'm aware.   However the bank is already applying the same exchange rate you can   find in the forex markets. They are simply applying a spread (meaning   they will add some amount to the exchange rate whichever way you are   exchanging currency). You will almost certainly not find a bank that   doesn't apply a spread. Of course, their spread might be large, so   that's why it is good to compare rates. By the way, 5 GBP/month seems   reasonable for a foreign currency (or any) acct. The transaction fees   might be cheaper in a different ""package"" so check. You should consider trying PayPal. Their spread is quite small - and publicly disclosed - and their per-transaction fees are very low. Of course, this is not a bank account. But you can easily connect it to your bank account and transfer the money between accounts quickly. They also offer free foreign currency accounts that you can basically open and close in a click. Transfers are instantaneous. I am based in Germany but I haven't had a problem with clients from various English-speaking countries using PayPal. They actually seem to prefer it in many instances."
Vacuum pumps are used in many industries throughout the world. At BHO VAC, we offer exceptionally lightweight and quality Vacuum pumps which could prove to be extremely durable, efficient and can deliver maximum performance. We assure of flawless repair and maintenance.
That's a simplified, layman's argument that you have minunderstood. Inflation has nothing to do with prices of goods, but rather the purchasing power of the money itself. It sounds like the same thing, but the subtle difference is crucial to understanding monetary policy.   Look at the counterexample: in places with super high inflation, like Venezuela, people spend their entire paycheck the minute they get it, because it's value is declining.    If you don't know that gasoline is an inelastic product, I really can't help you without devoting significant amounts of time to helping you understand a subject that is frequently counterintuitive and hard to understand. You should probably take an economics class. It's fascinating stuff.   Suffice to say, literally everyone who studies this stuff agrees that a small amount of controlled inflation is beneficial to keeping money moving rapidly around the economy, spurring growth and activity in production of goods and services. High inflation is very bad. Hyperinflation is worse. Deflation is the worst, though it sounds great to people who don't know what they are talking about.   Econ 101. Take it. Love it.
"&gt; Plus, there are already so many other options. Chevy Bolt, BMW i3, Focus Electric, Hyundai IONIQ, Soul EV, Mitsubishi i-MiEV, Nissan Leaf, VW e-Golf to name a few.  Only one of those vehicles have a range above 150mi.   How environmentally unfriendly do you think making batteries is? Versus environmentally unfriendly oil production? Also, do you factor in the fact that batteries, though not environmentally ""perfect"", can be recharged with renewable methods like solar power? Oil production is ongoing."
"You answered your own question ""whether someone buys is a different thing"". You can ask any price that you want. (Or given an electronic brokerage, you can enter the highest value that the system was designed to accept.) The market (demand) will determine whether anyone will buy at the price you are asking. A better strategy if you want to make an unreasonable amount of money is to put in a buy order at an unreasonably low price and hope a glitch causes a flash crash and allows you to purchase at that price. There may be rules that unravel your purchase after the fact, but it has a better chance of succeeding than trying to sell at an unreasonably high price."
"If I understand right, you're asking whether it's better to withdraw a currency that is more valuable or less valuable, in currency units, than your home country's currency.  That is, using your examples, you're asking whether it's better to withdraw euros when the euro is worth more than the Pakistani rupee, or when the euro is worth less. The answer is that it doesn't matter.  What matters is whether the euro is worth more Pakistani rupees than it will be worth later.  For instance, suppose that the exchange rate today is such that you can buy 115 PKR for 1 EUR, or equivalently, you can buy 1 EUR for 115 PKR.  (Realistically the rates would be different due to conversion fees, but I'll keep it this way for simplicitly.)  If tomorrow the exchange rate changes so that you need 120 PKR to buy 1 EUR, then you have to spend more rupees to buy a euro, so this is bad for you; it would have been better to buy earlier (when it was only 115 PKR for a euro).  If on the other hand the exchange rate shfits the other way, so that you only need 110 PKR to buy a euro, then this benefits you. because you are spending less than you would have if you had bought earlier.  So, in these terms, you want to change rupees into euros when one euro is worth fewer rupees (and you want to change euros into rupees when one euro is worth more rupees). It doesn't matter how many PKR you spend for a Euro in raw numbers.  All that matters is, are you spending more for that one Euro than you would have spent had you bought earlier or later?  Indeed, for your specific example, it is unlikely that one Pakistanee rupee will be worth more than one Euro in the foreseeable future; as far as I can see, the Euro has never been worth less than about 50 rupees. In practice, of course, it's hard to know whether the current rate is ""good"".  You can't easily know how currency rates will change in the future.  If you are just visiting for a short period of time, it probably doesn't make sense to worry about the exchange rates.  Just take out as much money as you need when you need it.  You're just as likely to lose money as to save money if you try to game the exchange rates.  If you're staying in a place for a longer period of time, it might be worth pulling a bit extra out at a time when the rate is especially favorable, but you're still unlikely to see major savings in the long run."
If you are looking for a professional firm to represent you in an honest, legal, comprehensive, and timely fashion, where customer service and support is second to none, then you owe it yourself to have us here at Legacy Legal Services handle your credit issues.
"It's only a ""loss"" if you believe the purpose of indexes is to represent the basket of underlying companies with the highest returns.  But that's simply not true.  An index is just a rules-based way to track/measure a thing.  That thing could be the largest US companies, all the companies in a specific sector, all of the companies in the world, a commodity or basket of commodities... Pretty much anything.  Somebody just has to write down the explanation of what an index tracks, then create ETFs to track the index.  By being a ""passive investor"" you are still making active investing decisions to some degree, in that you need to decide which indexes to passively invest in.  If people are not going to attempt to understand the companies they invest in because they're almost certainly better off indexing (which is fine), then the responsibility must fall on someone to make decisions about what are the best rules for the indexes.  For most of the history of capital markets, good corporate governance has been enforced by shareholders.  If management did something bad, shareholders could vote to replace the Board of Directors and in general they had tools to hold management accountable.  Only in recent years, founders of companies like Google, Facebook, Snap, etc., have attempted to subvert this relationship (public shareholders give a company money, and in return the company must answer to the shareholders) and essentially take money for nothing.  So far (it's still a pretty short experiment) this has worked as long as the share price is going up, but what happens when it doesn't?  What happens when these companies screw up and stop performing well, and there's nothing shareholders can do about it?  Investors who intentionally own individual shares will have little to no leverage to demand change, and passive investors would be stuck with some of their money in these companies with terrible governance - and the precedent would only make dual-class and non-voting shares more attractive for future IPOs, making the problem more prevalent.  If you think it is in your best interest to own the entire S&amp;P 500, *plus* Snap, then just do that.  For every dollar you invest into SPDR or something similar, allocate something like $0.01 into Snap.  It's that simple.  But don't make this out to be a story about how S&amp;P is anti-free markets or doing a disservice to investors.  That's ridiculous.  If most Americans are just going to blindly put their retirement savings into index funds without bothering to understand them (again, which is fine) then somebody needs to make sure the companies in said indexes are good companies.  Historically, a company with zero corporate governance and entrenched management =/= a ""good company"".  S&amp;P realized this and decided to set a good precedent for US equity markets rather than a very bad precedent.  You wanna buy shares with no voting rights?  Go for it.  But that should be your decision, not a default inclusion in major indexes."
Yes to all three. However,
Look, listen, I'm talking about **fraudsters**, people intentionally manufacturing fake payroll checks, not the companies themselves doing it. You're missing the point!  Making a check that looks legit is not hard, especially if the check itself is legit and the information on it is bogus.  There is a lot of exposure when you hand out a check to someone, corporate or otherwise. You need to carefully reconcile them against what the amount was supposed to be. If you ever lose any checks you have to get those numbers cancelled immediately. It's an enormous hassle.
The man is a master at branding. He may not have been able to launch so many products had he not been born into money, but plenty of people born into wealth do not develop even one skill of that sort.   That being said, clearly he's worse than terrible at everything else though.
"Definition: Fundamental analysis involves analyzing financial statements and health, management and competitive advantages, and competitors and markets. Books are a great way to learn fundamental analysis but can be time consuming for something that really isn't very difficult. So the internet might be a better way to get started. When using fundamental analysis all you are doing is trying to figure out how much a company is worth. The vocabulary and huge range of acronyms can be intimidating but really its a fairly simple task. You can use (investopedia) for definitions and simple examples when you do not fully understand something. IE: (PEG) You can search for definitions using the search bar on the top right (google also is a good source to look for additional definitions). I recommend starting out by doing an independent analysis on a well known name such as Proctor & Gamble or Mcdonald's. Then you can compare your analysis to a professionals and see how they stack up. Books and Resources: Getting Started in Fundamental Analysis Fundamental Analysis For Dummies Fundamental analysis Wiki What Is Fundamental Analysis? - Video tut from Investopedia Fundamental Analysis: Introduction Step by Step example of fundamental analysis - It's a pretty in depth forum post. Side Notes: Personally when I first began using fundamental analysis I found it difficult to understand why something is considered undervalued or overvalued. I couldn't figure out who was the ""authority"" on saying this. Well in short the ""authority"" basically is the market. You can say you believe XYZ is undervalued but you are only proven correct if the market agrees with you over long period of time. Some key facts you should know: Many times a stock can be ""broken"" for many reasons. The price can go far beyond what would be considered a ""normal valuation"" (this is considered a bubble, e.g. the tech bubble of 1999-2000). It can also go far below a ""normal valuation"". In most cases these types of valuations are short lived and in the end a stock should return to ""normal valuation"" or at least this is the theory behind fundamental analysis."
The mutual fund will price at day's end, while the ETF trades during the day, like a stock. If you decide at 10am, that some event will occur during the day that will send the market up, the ETF is preferable. Aside from that, the expenses are identical, a low .14%. No real difference especially in a Roth.
Things aren't really bad. 2008 was really bad. You're reading too much sensational shit. Consumer confidence is on the rise and QE is not a bad thing. If we hadn't acted as we did we would still be fighting the recession like the EU and Japan still are.
Depending what your timeframe preferences are, here are a couple of options: Stock indexes: as per Fool's investing guide, historically this had the highest return / risk ratio. On a 5-year horizont, with no extra work, this seems the best option. Premium bonds, similar to most cash ISAs currently available, have a rather rubbish ROI ATM (~3-5% AER at max) Invest it into yourself, in the form of personal development, classes & courses, or starting a business. Disadvantage: this also will carry an opportunity cost in the form of your time. On a longer timeline, however, if this improves your market value only by 1%, that pays extreme dividends over the rest of your carrier. With a single grand at hand, I'd definitely recommend going for option 3 -considering yourself as an investing vehicle, and ask yourself: how can you best improve stakeholder value?  You'd be surprised at the kind of results a single grand can make.
**Advocacy group**  Advocacy groups (also known as pressure groups, lobby groups, campaign groups, interest groups, or special interest groups) use various forms of advocacy in order to influence public opinion and/or policy. They have played and continue to play an important part in the development of political and social systems. Groups vary considerably in size, influence, and motive; some have wide-ranging long term social purposes, while others are focused on and are a response to an immediate issue or concern.  Motives for action may be based on a shared political, religious, moral, health or commercial position.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot) ^| [^Donate](https://www.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/donate)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28
In the UK if you come into the possession of the information in a way that isn't available to the general public that's insider trading. It even states this in section 7, and uses the example of if you observe something like a burning factory as a member of the public, that's not insider information as anyone could have seen it.   If you attended a meeting or somehow got hold of private information not yet made public, then it would be considered insider information.   Its possible the OP got this information through public observation but considering the nature of the information it's highly unlikely
"I have heard that I can give 10k as a gift in cash for my aunt to take   on the plane. Please don't, for her own safety. Don't know when was the last you've been to Russia, but that's not a place to walk around with $10K in cash in your pocket. For the rest, the 20k, I am not sure what is the best course of   action. Would something like Western Union, Paypal or Bank Wire Transfer be the best course of action?  Wire transfer would be the safest option. Would there be tax implications for me as well? Depends on where you are tax resident and where you are a citizen. Some countries have ""gift tax"", but most don't. If you're a US tax resident, then you're subject to US gift tax rules. Your gifts are taxable if they exceed $14K per year per person. So your $30K to your mom is taxable. But your $10K to your mom, $10K to your dad and $10K to your aunt is not. You cannot however control what they do with it."
Theres loads of information on the costs of regulation to smaller businesses and larger corporations and the adverse affects its had on their ability to either go public or stay private. We learned boat loads about it this past year in my undergraduate course so I'm sure you could find quite a bit.
As a 24 year old, single,your needs for insurance are minimal. Why you might consider it are for these reasons. You are young, so it will be cheaper than buying say at 34. Insurance is always on sale. Two, there is no guarantee that your health will always be good, you may have to pay additional premiums later or even be refused coverage. Ask me, I pay 70% more than others my age for the same coverage.  Three, insurance ownership with equity values can grow tax free as you accumulate the monies. Consider it like a bond portfolio offering guaranteed returns on portions of the growth, and a long term return of 5.5% or slighly more. Four, stating sooner versus later means more cash buildup. Just like being in a pension will generate more cash for you by age 65, than if you had started at age 34. Insurance is only one tool in getting a good start. It is not a panacea.
I recommend that you first try to use your card at a store in your home country, just to make sure that the point-of-sale features are enabled.  After you've verified that, you need to contact your bank and ask them if the card will work in both ATMs and in stores in the U.S.  They may need to enable it to work in another country.  If you are going to be living in the U.S. for a while, you should consider opening an American bank account after you get there. If you don't want a credit card, you should be able to get a debit card here.
"Look at the previous owner and the maintenance records they have for the car. Someone who has regularly serviced the car (and I mean more than just an oil change, preferably maintenance history from a reputable garage or main dealer[1]) and hasn't skimped on it. Also, keep in mind that the newer the car, the more electronic components they have that can go expensively wrong, especially if you fall prey to a garage whose method for debugging electronics is to throw components at the car for a grand a pop. I tend to look for the following (but I am a bit ""special"" when it comes to buying vehicles): And don't forget the golden rules of car buying: [1] Unfortunately that might not be one and the same place"
Personally the main disadvantages are perpetuation of the credit referencing system, which is massively abused and woefully under regulated, and encouraging people to think that it's ok to buy things you don't have the money to buy (either save up or question price/necessity).
The dollar is the reserve currency of choice because the full faith and credit of the US is big, liquid, and stable compared to any currently-available alternative.   The Euro and Yuan are big enough to displace the dollar (and maybe the Yen), but any fears about the dollar being subject to fickle whims of politics and policy are significantly worse with those options.
Let's say I have a large company with a sub-unit which accounts for 40% of their revenues. The company is traded at a foreign stock exchange, but have the sub-unit that is located domestically. The beta of the company can be easily found online or calculated manually. How do I determine the beta of a sub-unit of a multinational company?
Steve Keen says otherwise, he says Banks CAN create a Quadrillion dollars, as long as there are willing borrowers.  :  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc_fpGfyqGE.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sSfPkIUHPk&amp;feature=share  why does m2 seem like exponential?  how can fractional reserve do something like that?  unpossible.   seems like only an explosive growth in either productivity or profits through slave labor globalization or speculative derivatives can do something like that.
Here's a start at a high level: I have a few friends who have made a killing on GLD, and write options to make money off of the investment without incurring the capital gains penalties for selling. That's a little out of my comfort zone though.
"especially considering it has a mortgage on it (technically a home   equity loan on my primary residence). I'm not following. Does it have a mortgage on it, or your primary residence (a different property) was used as a security for the loan? If it is HELOC from a different property - then it is really your business what to do with it. You can spend it all on casinos in Vegas for all that the bank cares. Is this a complicated transaction? Any gotchas I should be aware of   before embarking on it? Obviously you should talk to an attorney and a tax adviser. But here's my two cents: Don't fall for the ""incorporate in Nevada/Delaware/Wyoming/Some other lie"" trap. You must register in the State where you live, and in the State where the property is. Incorporating in any other State will just add complexity and costs, and will not save you anything whatsoever. 2.1 State Taxes - some States tax LLCs. For example, in California you'll pay at least $800 a year just for the right of doing business. If you live in California or the property is in California - you will pay this if you decide to set up an LLC. 2.2 Income taxes - make sure to not elect to tax your LLC as a corporation. The default for LLC is ""disregarded"" status and it will be taxed for income tax purposes as your person. I.e.: IRS doesn't care and doesn't know about it (and most States, as well). If you actively select to tax it as a corporation (there's such an option) - it will cost you very dearly. So don't, and if someone suggest such a thing to you - run away from that person as fast as you can. Mortgages - it is very hard to get a mortgage when the property is under the LLC. If you already have a mortgage on that property (the property is the one securing the loan) - it may get called once you transfer it into LLC, since from bank's perspective that would be transferring ownership. Local taxes - transferring into LLC may trigger a new tax assessment. If you just bought the property - that will probably not matter much. If it appreciated - you may get hit with higher property taxes. There are also many little things - once you're a LLC and not individual you'll have to open a business bank account, will probably need a new insurance policy, etc etc. These don't add much to costs and are more of an occasional nuisance."
I'm a freelance programmer, reverse-engineer, and network engineer. I do quarterly 1099 filings using a cheap local accounting firm. I did them on my own at first; not that hard.. You deduct from sum the percentage for that earning-tier issued by the IRS.. $500.00 for writing algorithms on a timer? Yikes.. I did topcoder once but it didn't pay much then it was only good for portfolio.. No way I would race to do algorithms for third-world-rate capital..
&gt;You need an outside party ref - govt. to set the rules and regulations.  Except that in your analogy, the rule book is written by the wealthier team, and the ref is paid for by the wealthier team, and for some damn reason, the wealthier team always wins. But there's a ref!!!
I'm a die-hard Tesla fan who doesn't yet own a model 3. I fully expect to pay at least $45 for the model 3 I would want. I'm not sure expectations have been tempered yet. How many people will be expecting all the bells and whistles for $35k minus the rebates? Even for just this next car release in a few weeks, their actual demand and production ability are volatile.
The difference is, outside of a small period in the 70s, this is the first time that events are converging that will very likely make it true. Short of the emergence of an industry that can economically support us for the next 20-30 years (which is essentially one part of what saved us during the 70s, with the computer revolution), the options that exist for Social Security are:  1. Increase benefits age. 2. Decrease payouts (either by nominally decreasing them, or de facto decreasing them by not keeping pace with inflation). 3. Print the money to pay back the IOUs that are the foundation of Social Security today (resulting in massively inflated money supply and lower purchasing power of the payouts).  So while it might be true that this was discussed, because of the massive size of the system and the economic might of the United States, there was never really a threat of it actively impacting a generation until now.  That aside, the Social Security argument was only one arm of the discussion. The Gen X generation, if the economy doesn't recover, is going to be the first generation to have to figure out what retirement means when your entire generation is lacking resources to support itself (compared against the WWI generation (savings, not possible now with inflation), the Greatest Generation (pensions, which are gone), and the Baby Boomers (401k and remnants of Social Security system)).
And apparently they have started investigating, and the organization that certified the farm as fair trade etc. has also started investigating. What more should Victoria's Secret do? I think this is a good story, since it shows that their CSR system has worked.  Buy more Victoria's Secret panties, I say.
The best rub on those (beyond the fact they attract children - and let's be honest, most adults - to finger-smear snot and germs all over them) is the fact that after you haven't seen your waiter / waitress more than maybe once during your stay, they (the tablets) prompt you for a FUCKING TIP.
Many, many good answers here, but I like this one:  One month's worth of expenses for each full percentage of unemployment.  Therefore, it would normally float between, say five months and ten months.  When the economy's hoppin' -- you have less to worry about.  When times are tough -- beef up that fund.
I'm not surprised after shopping there.  The items don't feel like they are of any higher quality than say Adidas or Nike, and they feel really overpriced.    I didn't think the styles were great in terms of looks, and the clothes didn't seem to fit well for me(wider and loose).  If it wasn't for a gift card and a 40 off 100 code, I would never have bought anything.
Your plan isn't bad, but it probably isn't worth the cost for the small amount of credit building it will achieve. If you do decide to continue with it though, you'll save in interest if you make the big payment now rather than in 6 months. In other words, you can take the minimum payment, multiply it by 5, subtract that amount from the total you owe and pay the difference immediately. This way you'll still get the 6 months of reporting to the credit bureaus, but you'll pay less interest since you'll have less principle each month. I would recommend applying for the credit card right now. I believe you'll probably get approved now. If you do, then pay off the car loan without thinking about it. (If you don't get approved, think about it, then probably still pay it off.) Regarding the full coverage insurance, even after the loan is paid off and you aren't required to have it, you may still want to keep it. Even if you're the best driver on earth, if someone hits you and doesn't have insurance, or they have insurance and drive off, or a deer runs in front of you, etc, you'll lose your car and won't be reimbursed. Also, as Russell pointed out in the comments below, without collision coverage your insurance company has no incentive to work on your behalf when someone else hits you, so even if it's not your fault you may still not get reimbursed. So, I wouldn't pass on the full coverage unless your car isn't worth very much or you can stomach losing it if something happens. Good luck, and congrats on being able to pay for a car in full at 19 years old.
Using any simulator will never be exactly the same as real trading.  One reason is that a simulator will always execute your trades at the exact price you want, but that may not always happen in real life. For example, if you place a limit order to buy 1000 shares of a stock at 10.50, and the price drops down to exactly 10.50, then the simulator will execute your trade and you will have 1000 shares at 10.50.  But in real life, the price of the stock may drop to 10.50, but other people may have buy orders ahead of you.  If the price of the stock drops to 10.50 but then starts going up again, you may not get all the shares that you wanted (or you may not even get any shares at all) due to the fact that people were ahead of you. In real trading there is also slippage, which you don't see in a simulator.  For example, if you have a stop order to sell 1000 shares of a stock if it drops to 7.50, then the simulator will sell all 1000 shares at 7.50 if the price drops to 7.50.  But in real trading, if the price drops to 7.50, then you may not be able to sell all 1000 shares at 7.50 if there's not enough liquidity or the market is moving very fast.  You may end up selling 100 shares at 7.50, 100 shares at 7.49, 100 shares at 7.48, 50 shares at 7.47, 50 shares at 7.46, 200 shares at 7.45, and 400 shares at 7.44. Another thing is that you don't experience the emotional aspect of trading with a simulator.  If you buy a stock in a simulator and it goes down, it's not real money, so you may be more willing to hold it and wait for it to come back up.  But if you are trading real money and the stock goes down, you may not be so willing to hold if it goes down.  You may be more apt to sell the stock for a small loss before the loss gets too big.
well, maybe consider that english isn’t my first language and a message from a former customer in any form pointing out why ones competitor is make huge leaps should make them think.    edit: I just read it again, it was also auto corrected into a bunch of garbage. thanks for pointing that out captain grammar nazi.
I heard from someone that since my friends are moving money to my account, I'm liable to be taxed by the IRS  Not completely true. If there are large deposits in your account, you may be asked for clarification from IRS. If there is a reasonable justification; in your case the agreement that you are sharing the apartment, the lease deed has all the 3 names, there is explicit mention in lease about how funds are transferred. Note at times the audit maybe in future for quite a bit of past. Hence you would need to keep the record for quite some time. Alternative arrangements like opening a joint account and making payments from that account may make it easier from record keeping point of view.
The issue only arises when the investments grow in size.  A small amount won't trigger the higher tax rates. If the amount is large enough, then consider using either: Insurance products that are 'segregated', or RRSPs in your own name after your business pays you wages, or Gifting to other family members.
I elected to use an income-based repayment plan, which reduced most payments to $0 so I can focus on them one at a time.
That's an important number when considering rent vs home ownership. If you own a home, you are much less likely to move for a better job, because of all the material and emotional investment into the house. So that 50% of salary difference (about $2000 a month if we take average salary of $48k), should be added to the monthly mortgage bill when comparing it to the rent.
As far as I know there is no legal or tax implication to you gifting money to your partner for her to save in a H2B ISA, or for any other purpose. You are also wrong when you say that you cannot withdraw money from the accounts - you can.  Of course you probably won't want to because withdrawing money for any other purpose means losing the government bonus, but if you really needed to you could. An H2B ISA counts as a cash ISA so you are free to use the balance of your allowance in a S&S ISA, and presumably an Innovative Finance ISA (official name for the P2P ISA) when they become available.
"When Laurence Olivier took the role of Douglas Macarthur in the Unification Church's filming of Inchon, he told the press, ""People ask me why I'm playing in this picture. The answer is simple: Money, dear boy."" Banking systems are typically decades old and subject to innumerable legal and technical restrictions. Moving money more quickly from one client's account to another would definitely be in the clients' interest, but"
well, our disagreement is regarding my use of the word confiscate  I feel government took my hard earned tax dollars to fund their agenda of EV promotion.  I don't want government picking winners/losers and I don't agree with **my money** wasted/destroyed on crony capitalism
Generally when items go to collection you will receive a letter in the mail not an email. You can try to dispute the charge with the credit companies (TransUnion, Equifax, and Experian) showing that the charge came after you left the country. Like the answer above me said, disputing it may cause the 7 year clock to restart which leaves it on your account longer. It may just be simpler to try to improve your credit score instead. You can check your credit score as often as you want using Credit Karma online or on your phone.
Finance and accounting go together like peanut butter and jelly. Having said that, you really should (read: need [to]) determine what part of finance you're interested in, because that's the only way to give you an informed answer as to whether you should pursue a CPA / CFA / MBA.  With all of that in mind, your post -- in my opinion -- really comes across as you sounding like you don't want to put in the work to pass the CPA. If that's the case, finance is *really* not the field you want to be in.  Lastly, experience is not a substitute for having your CPA license, but rather a compliment.
I am just an undergrad, but I will try to answer as best I can.  As mentioned in the other thread you posted, you should study for, and take, the CFA level one exam in December. This will give you some perspective as opposed to simply reading some articles online which talk about the day to day duties and earning potential, which I assume is where your real interest comes from. It's easy to be interested when you love a subject. It's not hard to be interested when your big paycheck on Friday depends on it. It's very hard to be interested when your first paycheck is two years away.  Yes, an MBA is marketable. Yes they have higher earning potential than a school counselor, **in a vacuum**. It really depends on you. The degree does not make the career and I know a few MBAs with sad careers.  I would do the CFA first and learn as much as you can about the industry, including meeting with people in various roles and asking as many questions as you can, before committing to anything, especially a costly MBA. You are 26, you have time. Not a lot of time, since I believe there is a definite preference for young, malleable, recruits, but some time. Consider it one big research project.
For most people there is zero difference between tagging and folders, except in GMail the same email can be in multiple folders. I don't even bother mentioning it any more.  The real bonus of Gmail over Hotmail is the spam filter is better.
"While you'd need to pay tax if you realized a capital gain on the sale of your car, you generally can't deduct any loss arising from the sale of ""personal use property"". Cars are personal use property. Refer to Canada Revenue Agency – Personal-use property losses.  Quote: [...] if you have a capital loss, you usually cannot deduct that   loss when you calculate your income for the year. In addition, you   cannot use the loss to decrease capital gains on other personal-use   property. This is because if a property depreciates through personal   use, the resulting loss on its disposition is a personal expense. There are some exceptions. Read up at the source links."
You could take on more work. Pizza delivery, lawn work, babysitting, housecleaning, etc. None of those are much fun, but all are better than opening a credit card bill.
"Whether or not I'm an alleged ""right winger"" doesn't change the fact that you resort to petty insults, and then feel no shame when called out on it. That just goes to show what kind of person you really are."
"It is and certainly will continue to drive up real estate (and, more generally, housing) prices in large cities. However, ""bubble"" implies an undeserved/irrational increase. I would argue that it is not; people (especially, but not only, millennials) do want live in large, vibrant cities where high-paying jobs exist. And indeed this rise in housing prices drives employers to raise wages. At first glance, this would suggest a vicious cycle, but I believe it is self-regulating. The real danger is economic-geographic stratification; only the richest, highest-skilled will be able to afford living in cities."
Doesn't surprise me :-  * a ton of reality TV , much of it low quality and booring .  * a dearth of quality creativity - not much decent new series etc. .  * a lot of sequels and remakes - not much originals .  * a lot of poor quality news and poor quality journalism .  * a lot of people pushing personal , political and commercial agendas . A general lack of professionalism and objectivity .   * an overall lack of quality . Basically the choice is between a few channels of crap and a ton of channels of crap .  Most of the time I'm reading the Internet rather than watching the TV .
Theft of what? ive never taken a penny of your money. My suggestion, if implemented would save tax money and t would esppecially save people the thousands of dollars they often must pay for private insurance that gets worse and worse.  Tell me, do you also want to privatize the post office?
"?  I hear the exact opposite -- that Zynga is basically a slave farm which works their employees to death.  No, really.  I asked a gathering at my company ""What's the worst place to work at in the Valley"" and Zynga came up.  This was, like, last month."
"That sounds about right. However, and this is just a quibble, it's not 90m notional of swap, or at least I've not heard it expressed quite that way for a total return instrument... generally I hear the word exposure, in this case the # of ""shares"" purchased at a specific index level. So 90mm exposure in S&amp;P 500 at today's closing price is: 90,000,000 / 2411.8 = a swap on 37, 317 shares.  If you want to maintain the 90mm exposure month to month, you will structure the instrument with a ""variable notional"". At each reset, the swap's # of shares will vary inversely with the index level to maintain the 90mm exposure.  You rightly point out that the financing is based on the 90mm figure.  As a final note, the dealer may also guarantee some profit by quoting a spread between the swap's initial index levels, depending on whether the portfolio wants to go long or short the index."
Thank you so much for this valuable info.  Really love reddit for these personal answers, I wish I could talk to you all on the phone :D   I'll spell out my situation a little more clearly, maybe you'll be able to direct me the right way.  Graduated with an average GPA, business admin. I want to continue this path towards finance and I've been told by a few people the best thing to do is get an i banking job, then figure out what I really want to do in life (this way I have a solid resume).    Been trying to leverage my puny network and I've been unsuccessful in getting a job, though I've paid for many lunches :\ Basically, I want to show I am smart and capable because the last thing employers have to go on is my gpa.  Could there be a better solution?
&gt;According to a Journal Sentinel article, financial incentives for Foxconn are expected to well-exceed $1 billion via a combination of local, state and federal incentives. According to their calculations, if the deal cost $1 billion and the company created 10,000 jobs, the government would spend $100,000 per job.  i wish the jobs were for real.  aren't these kind of jobs vulnerable to automation in the very short term future?
Good answer, I'm painfully aware of how much money that is for how long, but I think we're getting the runaround here. We're going to find a way to reduce that rate and increase our down payment. It's the only way I see of getting myself into a house
Presumably, the inverse of the advantages? You are guaranteed the interest rate that is written on your mortgage commitment as long as the first draw happens before the rate hold expiry date (typically 120 days from application date). In most cases, it takes at least 6 months or more to build a home from the ground up. That means that you are taking a chance at what the interest rates and qualifying criteria will be several months down the road. You can normally only lock in 120 days prior to possession with a 'Completion Mortgage'. Lenders are constantly changing their guidelines and rates are predicted to increase over the coming months. That means you are much better to obtain draw mortgage financing to avoid any of these uncertainties. You will know that you have your financing in place right away before construction even starts. This is a huge peace of mind so you can relax and get ready for the big move. So thus, if interest rates are lower 6 months or a year from now, that'd be the disadvantage -- a longer lock-in period.
I'm not a lawyer and someone more knowledgeable than I will probably respond to this inquiry.  I worked with nonprofits for years however.  My suggestion would be that the Board would have a resolution allowing the Director to approve any contract below a certain dollar amount.
Well, yes.  They aren't jailbreaking peoples phones in China either.  This is about providing a platform for people to download software that can add an extra layer of security.  They didn't remove anything from their phone's innate capabilities nor did they invade people using the phones privacy.  They just removed a banned item from the store.  If they break open someone's phone at the behest of the Chinese government, then I think there is cause for backlash.
If you're planning to walk away from the house - don't invest any more money in it. Just be aware of the consequences. It may be worth considering a short sale if both the lenders will agree to erase the debt. If you're going to keep the house, then the fact that you're underwater now is irrelevant, and you should do your best to reduce the burden by paying off the higher rate loan. But, I personally think that accumulating enough cash to make you comfortable in case of a job loss for several months is a higher priority.
You can definitely affect the price - putting in a buy increases the demand for the stock, causing a permanent price move.  Also if you hammer the market trying to execute too quickly you can hit offers that are out of the money and move the price temporarily before it stabilizes to its new equilibrium.   True, as an individual investor your trades will be negligible in size and the effect will be nonexistent. But if you are a hedge fund putting in a buy for 5% of dtv,  you can have a price impact. not 50%, but at least a handful of bps.
I used to be a trader at a desk that sold delta-one derivatives on listed indices (think swaps, ETFs). There is a LOT to do:   buy/ sell stocks according to redemptions or new orders; manage the currency exposure; indices rebalance their composition everyday based on stock corporate actions, dividends and index reviews - you need to be aware of each and everyone and rebalance your portfolio to account for it; manage your inventory to get the best repo rates possible; trade single stock swaps with foreign counterparties to get access to better tax rates on dividends; when you have a big order where certain stock orders may not get filled - you have to create a strategy for managing that risk; sometimes you hedge your positions using futures that expire every three months in which case you need to figure out the best times to roll your expiring futures; i could go on and on.  Basically, since the profit margins are so low, the market so competitive for such vanilla products, and the volumes so high, you have to really make your processes super efficient and error-proof. Trust me, there is a lot to be done!
You submitted a claim for damage to the deck. The insurance company notified the mortgage company. Now the mortgage company wants to make sure that the collateral for the loan is still in good condition. They want you to make the repairs that you insisted needed to be done. They may even require you to use a licensed contractor before releasing the funds. Once you own the house without a mortgage, then you can decide for yourself if minor repairs need to be done.
"And you think they do this out of the goodness of their hearts, or because it maximizes their appeal to a niche audience with lots of disposable income and higher proportional spending on luxury food and drink items? Do you honestly believe that anything in a Whole Foods isn't proven to be helpful in selling products? Look at how fervently you jumped forth to inform me of how polluted that other meat is- do you ever wonder if maybe that passion is appealed to and marketer towards by businesses, and as such, there exists a profit incentive to make ""organic, pure"" foods as attractive as possible to consumers?    To claim Whole Foods is somehow less consumerist than any other retail chain is absurd. It is the most modern contrivance possible- a result of years of manipulation of public opinion through advertising about the *quality* of your food, based around fearmongering about unknown chemicals and ethical questions about livestock care."
The money that you have under your control (e.g. in bank accounts, savings accounts, taxable investments, etc) is your money and there is no tax of any kind (either in India or in US) that needs to be paid when the money is transferred to India. As Dheer's answer says, you need to transfer all these monies within 7 years as per Indian tax law. For your 401(k) account, assuming that all the money is tax-deferred (i.e. you contributed to a regular 401(k) and not a Roth 401(k)), you will have separated from service as far as US tax law is concerned. So, check if it is at all possible to roll over the money into a similar scheme in India, specifically the Employees Provident Fund. Wikipedia says The schemes covers both Indian and international workers (for countries with which bilateral agreements have been signed; 14 such social security agreements are active). and so a rollover might be possible. If not, you could withdraw small amounts each year and avoid US income tax (but not the 10% excise tax), but how long you can continue holding 401(k) assets after return to India and whether that is long enough to drain the 401(k) are things that you need to find out.
You can't write exempt because according to the instructions on the W-4 I claim exemption from withholding for 2015, and I certify that I meet   both of the following conditions for exemption. You don't meet the second condition. But you can increase the number of allowance to reduce the amount of taxes. Just make sure you put enough money aside into a savings account so that you can pay the taxes in the spring.
&gt;All tax is income tax, as if you haven't got the income, you can't pay it.    This is a pretty apt simplification. I find that most land value tax advocates are either trying to engineer the demographics of property ownership or spiteful against people who own more than they themselves do.
In Singapore, this is sufficiently common that the Singapore IRS has a page on their website dedicated to informing employers of how to properly pay this under Responsibilites of an Employer.   Specifically, tax paid by employer is taxable income for the employee (as it's really the employee's responsibility), so they must pay tax for that tax.  A tax-on-tax is computed for the tax paid, which also would be owed by the employer if they were paying the full tax rate for the employee. As a clarification, this is not the employer being truly responsible for the employee's income; this is the employer compensating the employee further to offset their taxable income.  This is effectively a fringe benefit, although it may be particularly useful in countries where either tax evasion is common (and thus an employer must compete with employers willing to pay under the table) or where employers are competing with others in nearby countries with lower tax rates.  It is not the same thing as the employer making your income nontaxable, though, and has implications for your tax filing. Significantly, it is likely that if you have additional income beyond income from that employer, it is likely to be taxed at your highest tax rate, as the employer will likely calculate the tax due based on their income being the only income you have in that year. *Edit based on emphasis in question: I'm not from Singapore nor am I a lawyer, but based on my reading of the IRAS website, it looks like you do not have to file if you have no other source of income, because they have a No-Filing Service which takes income information from your employer automatically and generates a tax bill, which presumably would be fully paid in your case.  This only aplies if you have no other sources of income, however; you still have to file if you have other sources of income since your employer would not know about them. If you are eligible for this service, you should get a letter informing you as such.  They also have a tool to check your filing status on their website.
For larger items such as cars this is certainly possible; I've donated a car before (in Canada) and got a tax receipt that was probably worth more than I would have got from a dealer for the car. However with donations of this kind there are two obstacles: Two other options for you to consider. Most medium towns have used book shops which you can sell them to. If the used book shops don't want them then your books really aren't worth enough to be worrying about, in which case see option two: give the books to a charity or thrift shop and don't worry about the receipt. Sometimes a nice feeling is the best return you will get.
Yes, this is a scam. Tell your dad not to pay any money.  There will likely be a large deposit in his account, but if he withdraws the money from his account, the bank will come after him looking for the money when the transfer to his account is reversed.
To clarify something: FB did not inflate their share price, Morgan Stanley did.  Every company on the IPO wants a billion dollars a share, but thats not possible so they take what the market will give them, FB played their cards right. MS didn't disclose that their analysts (not auditors) changed their minds.  For fun stuff: read up on ETF arbitrage with HFT, this kinda stuff happens everyday on a micro scale.
Does it make sense to report withheld tax income as an additional   income? Is it required by the IRS? Is $T deductible? This is what is called imputed income. The ticket is an income for you, but the company doesn't want you to pay tax on it. But you have to. But they want to be nice to you and give you the ticket on their buck. But that's the law. So what have the accountants invented? Imputed income. The company raises your salary in the amount of taxes paid (+some, but that's negligible), in addition to the actual ticket. So it seems, to you, that you got the ticket for free. The IRS doesn't see the ticket, it just sees that you got a $T+$X bonus and paid $T taxes. The fact that the $X you got in form of a ticket doesn't matter to them. Re your edit - you cannot deduct anything, since you can only deduct unreimbursed expenses, whereas $X is not at all an expense for you (you didn't buy that ticket, the company did), and $T is taxes, which are not deductible (its not an expense). In other words, had C not have been nice, I would be in a better   position! No. Your net pay shouldn't be affected, technically, so from your perspective you just got a plane ticket for free. Had C not been nice, you would still not be able to deduct the whole cost of $X, because unreimbursed employee expenses have a 2% AGI threshold.
It depends on the terms. Student loans are often very low interest loans which allow you to spread your costs of education over a long time without incurring too much interest. They are often government subsidized.  On the other hand, you often get better mortgage rates if you can bring a down payment for the house. Therefore, it might be more beneficial for you to use money for a down payment than paying off the student load.
"My master's thesis was on using genetic algorithms and candle stick method.  If you are familiar, the AI was used to answer questions like ""what is a long day"", which is not formally defined in most candle stick texts.   So in theory unlimited potential for learning including teaching machines to learn.  Wall street pays pretty well for such developers, and if you are young and single man Manhattan is pretty sweet place to be. In practicality your formula for building wealth is the same as everyone else's:  get out of debt, build an emergency fund, and invest.  Initially invest in growth stock mutual funds through a 401K (assuming US)."
Ask your bank to write a letter asserting that you have $xxxxx on deposit with them, on their letterhead? Though realistically, the chance of your getting hit with identity theft In this situation, when you presumably know exactly who you're dealing with, are vanishingly small.
It is true that operation profit comes from gross profit however it is possible for a company to have negative net profit yet have postive cash flow , it has to do with the accounting practice A possible example is that a company has extremely high depreciation expense of fixed asset hence net profit will be negative but cash flow will be positive. Assuming the fixed asset has been fully paid for in earlier years
You're lending the money to your business by paying for it directly.  The company accounts must reflect a credit (the amount you lend to it) and a debit (what it then puts that loan towards).   It's fairly normal for a small(ish) owner-driven company to reflect a large loan-account for the owners.  For example, if you have a room at home dedicated for the business it is impractical to pay rent directly via the company.  The rental agreement is probably in your name, you pay the rent, and you reconcile it with the company later. You could even charge your company (taxable) interest on this loan. When you draw down the loan from the company you reverse this, debit your loan account and credit the company (paying off the debt). As far as tracking that expenditure, simply handle those third-party invoices in the normal way and file them for reference.
Assuming you have a good head on your shoulders, start looking into organizations with missions that align with what you believe in. After you've found a couple that are within driving distance, reach out and volunteer to serve on a Board or two.   There are tons of non-profit, and for-profit, entities that cannot afford to pay a salary, or generally even a stipend, to the Board members. These organizations need good people to work on the Board for free and who aren't seeking a Board position to merely enhance their resume.
1. CFA isn't very cheap either. Do look at colleges like FMS and DFS amongst others that are run by the government universities. They are prestigious with good placement track records and charge peanuts as fees. 2. Like I mentioned earlier, it's not easy to get a job even when you have completed your CFA-L3. Indian market is highly competitive, - there are literally thousands of MBAs joining the workforce every year. 3. Are you very clear on what area of finance you want to get into. Because CFA is mainly directed towards equity research and asset pricing. 4. My suggestion would be to try and get a job straight away. CFA is something you can do along with a job as well (atleast L1 a d L2) and u can fund the programme with your salary.
no one said all stocks, but i would say that most stocks are way over valued. The charts look pretty damn ugly and are pointing towards a major correction, i.e. DOW 10,000 should be broken with some support found in the low 9,000.
"Disclaimer: This should go without saying, but this answer is definitely an opinion. (I'm pretty sure my current accountant would agree with this answer, and I'm also pretty sure that one of my past accountants would disagree.) When I started my own small business over 10 years ago I asked this very same question for pretty much every purchase I made that would be used by both the business and me personally. I was young(er) and naive then and I just assumed everything was deductible until my accountant could prove otherwise. At some point you need to come up with some rules of thumb to help make sense of it, or else you'll drive yourself and your accountant bonkers. Here is one of the rules I like to use in this scenario: If you never would have made the purchase for personal use, and if you   must purchase it for business use, and if using   it for personal use does not increase the expense to the business, it   can be fully deducted by the business even if you sometimes use it personally too. Here are some example implementations of this rule: Note about partial expenses: I didn't mention partial deductions above because I don't feel it applies when the criteria of my ""rule of thumb"" is met. Note that the IRS states: Personal versus Business Expenses Generally, you cannot deduct personal, living, or family expenses. However, if you have an expense for something that is used partly for business and partly for personal purposes, divide the total cost between the business and personal parts. You can deduct the business part. At first read that makes it sound like some of my examples above would need to be split into partial calulations, however, I think the key distinction is that you would never have made the purchase for personal use, and that the cost to the business does not increase because of allowing personal use. Partial deductions come into play when you have a shared car, or office, or something where the business cost is increased due to shared use. In general, I try to avoid anything that would be a partial expense, though I do allow my business to reimburse me for mileage when I lend it my personal car for business use."
"Clinical Pharmacist here, not talking out of my ass at all.   ""Opioid crisis"", you sound like you're just relaying what you read on CNN and snapchat stories. People addicted to opioids are miniscule compared to the number of people that it's helped. Fact.  I see people everyday on Fentanyl and Oxycodone and Hydrocodones. Once you see and realize the type of pain they are in, you understand that this class of medication may be one of the most important ones out there."
You can look at TIPS (which have some inflation protection built in). Generally short term bonds are better than long if you expect rates to rise soon. Other ways that you can protect yourself are to choose higher yield corporate bonds instead of government bonds, or to use foreign bonds. There are plenty of bond funds like Templeton Global or ETFs that offer such features. Find one that will work for you.
I agree. The CFA is nice for students who have the time to take the exam, because it could be a year or two before the start working, so it is a reasonable resume padder (especially if your major is engineer, science, or math and you want to do finance).  If you are trying to do a career change, it is important to know the material, because if you don't, then you can't do the job even if someone gives it to you. But passing the test isn't as important as actually applying to the jobs and networking.  I switched from engineering to finance (buyside equity analyst). Originally I planned to take the CFA exams to help me with my transition. But their new rule required a valid passport, and it takes a while to get one, so I missed the deadline for last December's exam. That turned out to be a good thing because I just started networking, cold calling/emailing, applying to jobs, etc and I got my current job. If I had actually decided to take the CFA, I would have wasted all my time preparing for the exam instead of trying to get the job. Potential employers know if you are good or not after talking to you for 15 minutes. It has nothing to do with being able to memorize a set of formulas, some the last name of some economists and their theories, some oscure accounting differences between GAAP and IFRS, etc. For me it was the fact that I invest my own money and that I am able to explain my own investments very intelligently (aka it needs to be a lot better than what you see on /r/investing).  If you know nothing about finance, studying the CFA material and then taking the exam is a good thing. You are going to be studying the material anyways if you are serious about a career change, so might as well take the exam afterwards and get a resume padder. I did end up taking the level 1 this month because my new employer paid for it. I don't think it adds any value once your foot is already in the door, especially since it takes 5 years of experience to get the charter (after that amount of time, it's all about job experience).
There's the [Home Planner for IKEA](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.planner5d.swedishhomedesign) app that has been around for a couple of years or so now. I had it but had to delete it from my phone since it was taking up space and hogged too much RAM on my old phone. It's pretty fun, though!
Do you understand why private companies pay for their employees to travel in business or first class?  It's because coach class sucks.  Coach class gets you there, weary from the trip.  It's like taking a bus in a lot of ways.  Lots of inconveniences, crammed together with a bunch of people who, if they didn't come in stinking, will be smelly by the time you're at your destination.  Are you on a tight timetable?  Do you need to catch a red-eye to be somewhere else, and attend a meeting later that morning or afternoon, without time to freshen up?  Your associates will be grateful you took a better seat.  Is it worth it to the taxpayer to have their employees sharp and ready to work after the trip?  I think so.  It's not foolish for the public sector to invest in their employees, if we want capable public servants.  The cheapest option merely shifts the costs onto the employee, who will return the favor by not being able to do their best work.
"&gt;Everyone wants a solution, so I will provide one. The US government should simply cancel the $230 trillion in derivative bets, declaring them null and void.  I proposed this ages ago. I don't really see how they can be anything else BUT ""null &amp; void"" -- I cannot fathom any court actually being capable of enforcement of these ""side bets"" -- and there are plenty of legal provisions (statutory and case law as well as common law principles) that could/would likely cause them to be unenforceable (not to mention bankruptcy proceedings and the fact that ""gambling"" has long been considered a prohibited/controlled if not criminal activity, and with only specific provisional exceptions being enforceable).  They are really just self-delusional fictions piled upon fictions -- like children playing and saying ""I'll bet you a bazillion dollars"" and then paying it off with ""kited check IOU's"" -- utter nonsense (and some day it WILL end)."
It depends how much risk you're prepared to accept. The short-term risk-free rate of return at present is something in the vicinity of 0.1% (three month US treasuries are currently yielding 0.08%), so anything paying a higher rate on money that's accessible quickly will involve some degree of risk -- the higher the rate then the higher the risk.
Last week, Barack Obama went to Osawatomie, Kansas, to kick off a more populist phase in his 2012 re-election bid. “This is a make-or-break moment for the middle class,” declared the US president, who chose the same venue that Teddy Roosevelt used in 1910 to call for a new progressive era. “I believe that this country succeeds when everyone gets a fair shot.”  Saying everyone should get a “fair shot” always makes political sense – particularly at a time when US income inequality rivals that of Mark Twain’s “Gilded Age”. But it might have been a stretch for Mr Obama to suggest the American middle class is facing a unique “make-or-break” moment. In reality, the labour force has been polarising for most of the past generation in a trend that has sharply accelerated since 2000.  America used to be exceptional. Postwar, it maintained lower unemployment than the Europeans and a higher rate of jobs turnover, enabling it to get away with more meagre benefits; “a fair day’s work for a fair day’s pay” was within the grasp of most. That gave America a booming middle class that until recently was the most important engine of global demand.  No longer. Today, somewhat remarkably, US joblessness is higher than in much of Europe. And the US consumer is mired in high personal debt. As the jobs crisis deepens, so too does US political polarisation. Allegations of “class warfare” are a staple of Washington debate. In contrast to the 1960s, dominated by protests for peace and civil rights, today’s battles are economic. Yet there are few signs that either policymakers or economists are closer to finding answers. Nothing Mr Obama has been able to accomplish since 2008 – including staving off a second Great Depression and pushing through an overhaul of the healthcare system – appears to have resolved that underlying structural challenge. Indeed, the signs are that the problem is intensifying. In the words of David Autor, a leading labour economist at Harvard University, the labour force is suffering from a growing “missing middle”.  In short, the middle-skilled jobs that once formed the ballast of the world’s wealthiest middle class are disappearing. They are being supplanted by relatively low-skilled (and low-paid) jobs that cannot be replaced either by new technology or by offshoring – such as home nursing and landscape gardening. Jobs are also being created for the highly skilled, notably in science, engineering and management. For the remainder of the workforce, including college graduates, it is both increasingly hard to find a secure job and tougher for those who do find jobs to be paid in line with inflation. Most people know that median US income has declined sharply since the late 1990s. Fewer are aware that real incomes also fell sharply in the same period for those with degrees. Only those with postgraduate qualifications, particularly PhDs, saw net gains (for some spectacular).  The jobs crisis has many worrying manifestations, of which three are worth highlighting. Perhaps the most troublesome is the waning dynamism of the market. People used to describe the US labour market as Schumpeterian, after the Austrian neoclassical economist who depicted the cycle of “creative destruction”. Jobs might be lost rapidly in a downturn but were swiftly reallocated to more productive sectors when economic growth resumed. That is not now the case.
If your employer does not offer contribution matching, and you don't like the range of investment options provided by the company 401k, then you probably are better off investing in your own IRA instead.  In an IRA held at a bank or brokerage, you can invest in multiple stocks or funds and move money around within the IRA pretty freely in most cases. If your company is doing well and is actually sharing profit into the 401k, you might consider leaving your 5% contribution to the 401k where it is and put the other 5% you are planning to contribute into a new IRA of your own.  This straddles the risk of you losing money if your company 401k tanks (or profit sharing dries up) and your missing out on profit sharing if it continues to pay well.
Running a fiscal deficit means a government is spending more money than it is taking in as taxes, fees, penalties, fines, etc, with the extra money that is being spent being borrowed by selling bonds to willing buyers.  Interest paid to said buyers is another government expense in future years, and of course, the bonds must ultimately be redeemed and the buyers paid off.  The buyers of the bonds must have some confidence that they will get the interest they have been promised as well as be paid off ultimately.  As the government's indebtedness increases, buyers are likely to demand higher interest rates as inducements to buy the bonds. And so it goes...
One of the byproducts of free trade is that there is now a global labor market. So companies routinely review their operations and think strategically about where the company is going. Standard options are: Because the disincentives that once existed in the past are gone (the need for humans to do work, tariffs, regulation, poor infrastructure in the developing world), the available supply of labor is greater and demand lower -- thus wages are falling in real terms. Think in the simplest terms in an office environment.  In 1980 to make photocopies, you needed a Xerox machine that required a technician on site every couple of weeks to make adjustments, change toner, etc. There was probably a local rep you called to schedule break/fix serivce. Now technology has replaced that copy machine with a cheap multi-function device that requires no maintenance and any technical support is delivered by a person sitting in a Indian call center. So to answer your question, the incremental money from rising prices goes to a number a places. Alot of it goes to oil producers and other commodity producers. Much of it consists of indirect costs that fulfill other mandated services -- when you buy something, buried in that cost are things like health insurance, prescription drugs and school taxes.
Most ETFs are index funds, meaning you get built in diversification so that any one stock going down won't hurt the overall performance much. You can also get essentially the same index funds by directly purchasing them from the mutual fund company. To buy an ETF you need a brokerage account and have to pay a transaction fee. Buying only $1000 at a time the broker transaction fee will eat too much of your money. You want to keep such fees way down below 0.1%. Pay attention to transaction fees and fund expense ratios.  Or buy an equivalent index fund directly from the mutual fund company. This generally costs nothing in transaction fees if you have at least the minimum account value built up. If you buy every month or two you are dollar cost averaging, no matter what kind of account you are using. Keep doing that, even if the market values are going down. (Especially if the market values are going down!)  If you can keep doing this then forget about certificates of deposit. At current rates you cannot build wealth with CDs.
What the fuck are you talking about? They amended their S-1 filing with the SEC. The revenue outlook was a matter of public record. It's not their fault that no one actually reads the filings. The purpose of the filings is to make such information public. It's the fault of stupid investors and incompetent analysts and journalists for not reading the fucking disclosure documents. Do you really expect them to go out of their way to announce negative data? Because that's crazy. They will do the bare minimum required by law. Smart people that read the disclosure documents then discuss this info. Dumb money just buys the hype. This was not a disclosure failure. All the info was there to be used.
Income and Capital are taxed separately in the uk.  You probably can't get dividends paid  gross even in ISA's you pay the basic rate of tax on dividends only higher rate tax payers get tax benefit from dividends. What you could do is invest in splits (Spilt capital investment trusts ) in the share class where all the return comes as capital and use up some of your yearly CGT allowance that way.
"&gt; I don't think you realize how ignorant people can be. Nor how uneducated as to what options they have or more importantly who will pay for those options since they are probably just as broke as they were before the kid.  Haha, I'm well aware of how ignorant people can be. I went to a very poor school with bad education where the teachers mostly spent much of their time just trying to corral the class rather than actually teach. The kids still knew that fucking could lead to babies, they just didn't care because they also knew (or at least believed) that they could get welfare. Based on the hostility of your response I'm gonna guess that you probably wont believe me and will assume this is some sort of ""alt-right"" propaganda, but that doesn't change reality. People can be very very dumb, but they aren't that dumb.  &gt; This isn't that point.  Right, so where do you draw the line?  &gt; Not really a fair comparison, but no I don't think we should let you starve. Idiot or otherwise.  Oh, sweet. Well, in that case, if you could send me some money, that would be awesome. I've made some bad decisions in my past and I'm nowhere near the quality of life that I should be. I actually make less the Fran from the article. Ethereum will work for sake of ease. Here's a wallet you can send it to: 0x52f4688802548121e1e404c26ef0e3d8a2667223  &gt; Prove it, name an example country that is now a devastated wasteland for providing decent wages alone.  OK, how about the United States. Poor people get a bad education and then many of them can't get a job because it's too expensive to hire them, especially when there are more qualified people available. They could have the opportunity to go work for a company for very cheap as an unskilled helper where they could learn skills on the job that will help them in the future, but it's illegal to pay them less than the minimum wage, so we had to set up an internship exclusion that will allow people to work for free (in exchange for those valuable skills) and is overwhelmingly college students. Now a poor person not only has to excel enough to get into college but they most likely will have to take out crazy loans just to get a foot in the door.  ""But wait, America hasn't been devastated!"" Oh, yes it has. We just keep getting more credit cards to pay off the old ones without actually producing anything, so it doesn't seem like it yet (depending on how you feel about income inequality). Eventually those other countries will realize that they can make products for their own people and they don't actually need us, then you will see the quality of life go up in China (If they don't squander it all lining the pockets of political party members). Without a minimum wage, we would have never lost those jobs in the first place (I know automation is taking over, so manufacturing jobs aren't coming back anyways, but this is what has lead to our crazy trade deficit).  &gt; What policies would those be? I'm waiting for that ruined country.  You're waiting, huh? Forgive me for not replying to your comment before you posted it.  &gt; Real world example or I am going to continue to assume you live in a alt-right fantasy.  Ah, there it is. Because I don't think that government programs work as well as a free market system that has vastly improved the quality of life of the average person over the past couple hundred years, I must be alt-right. You realize that basically means white nationalist right? You're essentially calling me a nazi because you disagree with me on economic policy.   ...maybe you do realize that. Sorry, you've got me questioning myself on how ignorant people can be."
Legally, do I have anything to worry about from having an incorrectly filed W-4? What you did wasn't criminal. When you submitted the form it was correct. Unfortunately as your situation changed you didn't adjust the form, that mistake does have consequences. Is there anything within my rights I can do to get the company to take   responsibility for their role in this situation, or is it basically my   fault? It is basically your fault. The company needs a w-4 for each employee. They will use that W-4 for every paycheck until the government changes the regulation, or your employment ends, or you submit a new form. Topic 753 - Form W-4 – Employee's Withholding Allowance Certificate If an employee qualifies, he or she can also use Form W-4 (PDF) to   tell you not to deduct any federal income tax from his or her wages.   To qualify for this exempt status, the employee must have had no tax   liability for the previous year and must expect to have no tax   liability for the current year. However, if the employee can be   claimed as a dependent on a parent's or another person's tax return,   additional limitations may apply; refer to the instructions for Form   W-4. A Form W-4 claiming exemption from withholding is valid for   only the calendar year in which it is filed with the employer. To   continue to be exempt from withholding in the next year, an employee   must give you a new Form W-4 claiming exempt status by February 15 of   that year. If the employee does not give you a new Form W-4,   withhold tax as if he or she is single, with no withholding   allowances. However, if you have an earlier Form W-4 (not claiming   exempt status) for this employee that is valid, withhold as you did   before. (I highlighted the key part) Because you were claiming exempt they should have required you to update that form each year. In your case that may not have applied because of the timing of the events. When do you submit a new form? Anytime your situation changes. Sometimes the change is done to adjust withholding to modify the amount of a refund. Other times failure to update the form can lead to bigger complication: when your marital status changes, or the number of dependents changes. In these situations you could have a significant amount of under-withheld, which could lead to a fine later on. As a side note this is even more true for the state version of a W-4. Having a whole years worth of income tax withholding done for the wrong state will at a minimum require you to file in multiple states, it could also result in a big surprise if the forgotten state has higher tax rate. Will my (now former) employee be responsible for paying their portion of the taxes that were not withheld during the 9 months I was   full-time, tax Exempt? For federal and state income taxes they are just a conduit. They take the money from your paycheck, and periodically send it to the IRS and the state capital. Unless you could show that the pay stubs said taxes were being withheld, but the w-2 said otherwise; they have no role in judging the appropriateness of your W-4 with one exception. Finally, and I am not too hopeful on this one, but is there anything I   can do to ease this tax burden? I understand that the IRS is owed no   matter what. You have one way it might workout. For many taxpayers who have a large increase in pay from one year to the next, they can take advantage of a safe-harbor in the tax law. If they had withheld as much money in 2015 as they paid in 2014, they have reached the safe-harbor. They avoid the penalty for under withholding. Note that 2014 number is not what you paid on tax day or what was refunded, but all your income taxes for the entire year. Because in your case your taxes for the year 2014 were ZERO, that might mean that you automatically reach the safe-harbor for 2015. That makes sense because one of the key requirements of claiming exempt is that you had no liability the year before. It won't save you from paying what you owe but it can help avoid a penalty. Lessons
My first job was an Applebee's.  Yes, Chef Mike was in the kitchen.  He cooked sides. Rice pilaf? Mike. Steamed vegetables? Mike.  Customer wanted their steak super well done? Grill the shit out of it and give it to Chef Mike. Warm dessert? Of course it was microwaved. You think we bake a chocolate cake every time you order a slice?  The vast majority of the food? Cooked just like any other restaurant. Grilled, fried, blah blah blah. And yes, we roasted the potatoes in an oven.
No, I didn't write anything about whether we should have invested in the interstates, just that comparing a public infrastructure project to private subsidy (a tax break has the same economic effect as a direct subsidy--more money circulating in the market, not tied up in government) is not an equal comparison. If you really want to push that button, I would argue that investment in public infrastructure is a better investment than giving tax breaks to corporations. Especially corporations like Foxconn, with a track record of not living up to promises like these.
&gt;why does m2 seem like exponential? how can fractional reserve do something like that? unpossible.   You don't understand fractional reserve then. Please explain carefully exactly why fractional reserve cannot do that. Handwaving does not count. As I posted M2 tracks M1 by about a factor of 10, or do you dispute this? If so, why? If not, then you have to ask the question can M1 grow as fast as it has? It clearly has done so. And if it has, then banks have **not** added money beyond the money multiplier, since there is enough M1 to account for M2.  What about this do you not understand? All the data is there for you to check.   &gt;Steve Keen says otherwise  He is wrong. A bank cannot lend money it does not have. I am willing to borrow a quadrillion dollars. Where is the bank that will lend it to me? See, you're wrong.
In 1984, Sears Roebuck bought the Greenwood Trust Company of Greenwood, Delaware and launched Discover Card (originally as a Sears card).  1984 NYT story You used to be able to pay Discover bills in person at Sears cashiers.  Sears soon spun it off.  In 2000 Greenwood Trust renamed itself Discover Bank.
that disposable income, include bill gates, jeff bezo and mark zuckeberg. take those few people away from the pile, The entire country really has no surplus income left. Hence why credit card and household debt are all back up.  The income inequality and wealth disparity in US has reach historical proportion. It's near street riot level.
Something else to consider, even if your friend is on the up and up and never misses a payment:  Until the house is paid off, any time you apply for credit banks will count the mortgage payment on your friends house against your ability to pay all your existing debts in addition to whatever new loan you're applying for.  If you're renting a home now, this will likely mean that you'll be unable to buy one until your friends house is paid off.
Silvrback is the top minimalistic blogging platform offering an efficient blog writing posting experience. With minimalistic features and easy to use platform, Silvrback offers distraction free working space. Features like choosing the right word editor, Google analytics, ads free, optimum security and others make Silvrback your go to blogging platform. Our blogging platform is also highly affordable.
It might, but it also might not. The Board of Directors gets to decide whether and how much dividends are paid to stockholders. So this will vary from company to company and may change over time. I suggest you ask the person making the offer. That said: It looks like they offered you OPTIONS, not Shares. An option is just the right to buy stock at a given price in the future. It is extremely unlikely that you would be entitled to any dividends since you don't have an ownership stake, just a potential to be a shareholder.
"As a rental, this is not an ideal set of numbers. You manage to show a $255 'gain' but $275 is from payment to principal. So, from the start, you're out $20/wk.  This ignores the $170K down payment, which has an opportunity cost, however you calculate it. You can assign the same rate as the mortgage, and it's nearly $10K/yr. Or the rate you feel your choice of stock market or alternate investment would rise. Either way, you can't ignore this money.  Your mortgage rate isn't fixed. A 1% rise and it would jump to $1663 ($842/week) Ideally, a rental property is cash positive without counting principal paydown or even the tax refund. It's a risky proposition to buy and count on everything going right. I didn't mean to scare you off with ""1%"" but you should research the costs of repair and maintenance. Last year my Heat/AC system needed replacement. US$10K. This year, it's time to paint, and replace rotting trim, $7000.  In the US we have property tax that can range from 1-2% of the house value. If you don't have this tax, that's great, just please confirm this."
There are 2 basic ways to have someone buy partial ownership of your company: OR If they buy shares that you already own, then their shares will have the same rights as yours (same voting rights, same dividend rights, etc.). If they buy shares newly created from the company, they could be either identical shares to what you already own, or they could be a new class of shares [you may need to adjust the articles of incorporation if you did not plan ahead with multiple share classes]. You really need to talk to a lawyer & tax accountant about this. There are a lot of questions you need to consider here. For example: do you want to use the money in the business, or would you rather have it personally? Are you concerned about losing some control of how the business is run? What are the short term and long-term tax consequences of each method? What does your new partner want in terms of their share class? The answers to these questions will be highly valuable, and likely worth much more than the fees you will need to pay. At the very least, you will likely need a lawyer and accountant anyway to ensure the filings & taxes are done correctly, so better to involve them now, rather than later. There are many other situations to consider here, and an online forum is not the best place to get advice that might put you in a sticky legal situation later on.
Technically, you could improve your odds in this hypothetical pre-apocolyptic economy by diversifying your digital and tangible precious-metal-commodity portfolio by going in with gold, silver, platinum, palladium, and others.   That being said I'm not sure if one can access tangible stores of all these metals...
"I'm not a TJ hater. In fact, I would shop there if we had one within a 5-10 minute drive.  But here's a little fact we learned studying their business model in B-school: Trader Joe's basically takes the use of high-impact marketing to a new level to get you to buy stuff that isn't all that special. Most of their inventory is actually downmarket or discounted white-label merchandise that TJ repackages, rebrands as their own, and sells to you at a huge markup. They DO have *some* very high-quality items - which they display very prominently, often sell at either cost or with very small margins, and then cross-sell the shit out of you with the rest of their ""regular"" super high-margin stuff. This gives the customer the impression that they're buying something premium at a pretty good price. TJ also adopted Whole Foods' marketing techniques, like displaying their ""fresh"" cut flowers right up front in wholesome-looking baskets, even though those flowers are probably several days old. They also take advantage of a big, very well managed national supply chain to cut costs even further.  They also have excellent customer service and the best pumpkin ice cream I have ever tasted (seriously, check it out). Great business. But they're a premium upmarket chain that wishes to stay there. Their business model would never work for a traditional national chain like Kroger, Harris Teeter or Dominick's."
Keep in mind that in order to fund your online casino account, you either had to provide credit/debit card info, or you had to give them your bank account number band routing number already. Now, assuming you've seen no fraudulent activity on your account(s) since then, and it was you who initiated the contact with them, what they're asking for is not totally unreasonable, nor is it all that unusual.  MANY companies require you to provide account/routing info to do financial business with them, which doesn't automatically equate to nefarious purposes, so don't let yourself go down that rabbit hole unless there's some other serious red flag to the situation which you haven't shared with us. It is a bit odd they'd send you a check for a portion of the winnings, but maybe that's to demonstrate good faith on their part as to why they need you to provide them information to send the remainder of your winnings. That being said, the suggestion to open a bank account solely for purposes of receiving your winnings is a good one.  I would go a step further and, once the transfer is made, go to the bank in person and withdraw it in cash.  Then you can deposit it into your regular bank account without there being any possible connection between the two, just in case you decide to indulge your fears about this. Good luck!
Look for EU banks that have US branches. Open an account there and look for the SWIFT code of your bank in US. Withdraw money using SWIFT US code.
"You know how when people called in on the Car Talk radio show (Click and Clack, I miss those guys), and while the caller asked a question about his car, really he needed marital advice? And the hosts would pounce on the part about the disagreement with family member and provide an unexpected answer (""Yeah, the trick to a using a clutch is [...], but really, if you want to learn to drive a stick shift, get your dad out of the car!"") So I'm pouncing on the part about the spouse. It sounds like you and your spouse don't always agree on saving and spending, and you want to find a way to agree on saving and spending. If you can find a coach or planner or counselor that you both like and both trust, then go for it. You're looking more for the right personality than a precise job description. Start with exploring what you do agree on: we agree we need to save money, we agree we need to have a spending plan and budget, etc. The right coach will help you get to more agreement -- the job title is less important."
The simple answer is that with the defined contribution plan: 401k, 403b, 457 and the US government TSP; the employer doesn't hold on to the funds. When they take your money from your paycheck there is a period of a few days or at the most a few weeks before they must turn the money over to the trustee running the program. If they are matching your contributions they must do the same with those funds.  The risk is in that window of time between payday and deposit day. If the business folds, or enters bankruptcy protection, or decides to slash what they will contribute to the match in the future anything already sent to the trustee is out of their clutches. In the other hand a defined a benefit plan or pension plan: where you get X percent of your highest salary times the number of years you worked; is not protected from the company. These plans work by the company putting aide money each year based on a formula. The formula is complex because they know from history some employees never stick around long enough to get the pension.  The money in a pension is invested outside the company but it is not out of the control of the company. Generally with a well run company they invest wisely but safely because if the value goes up due to interest or a rising stock market, the next year their required contribution is smaller. The formula also expects that they will not go out of business. The problems occur when they don't have the money to afford to make the contribution. Even governments have looked for relief in this area by skipping a deposit or delaying a deposit.  There is some good news in this area because a pension program has to pay an annual insurance premium to The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation a quai-government agency of the federal government. If the business folds the PBGC steps in to protect the rights of the employees. They don't get all they were promised, but they do get a lot of it.  None of those pension issues relate to the 401K like program. Once the money is transferred to the trustee the company has no control over the funds.
"When you're calculating the cash flows used to compute an IRR, with regard to the expenses used to calculate those cash flows:  Do you assume that expenses are going to be higher than they would be today, by using an assumed inflation rate?   Or is everything (all cash flows) assumed to be in today's dollars, and you account for inflation's effect on your actual returns at ""the end"" by subtracting off the inflation rate from the IRR?"
Yeah, but... if you look at his business practices and their global reach, no amount of policy declarations are enough to move the needle away from Trump being a globalist.  He has business ties *everywhere*, and is involved in the global economy regardless of how much his government claims to want to isolate the U.S. Trump, the man, is a globalist through and through.
A couple of thoughts. Tax benefits are the usual reasons to decide on one residency or another. International tax law is complex, and it's probably best to consult a professional. Certainly without knowing which the other country is I would not want to hazard a guess. If he is really not going to be taxed on the other country, residing there would seem sensible. But... In Canada residency for tax purposes is established for an entire year. If you are resident for more than six months your salary for the year is taxable. Conversely if you are present for less than six months you are not taxable. (This may have changed - it's been twenty years since I did this.) The other issue is healthcare. If you are not resident in Ontario you are not eligible for free healthcare, I believe. He might have to purchase supplemental insurance if he returns occasionally.
Just FYI, you're being downvoted because there's no such thing as a free lunch. We've all signed contracts and licensing agreements preventing us from doing exactly what you're asking. I sincerely doubt anyone will put their job or access at risk for you. Of what possible benefit is it to me to get you this data, knowing that there are risks to providing it?  You've got two choices: pony up or go home.
Businesses aren't a charity - they pay for work and exist for profit. They aren't supposed to have feelings. So austerity and getting the most out of your employees causes the company to become lean and efficient.   A lot of companies run with a lot of fat - just organizational bloat and inefficiency. I don't take issue with changing the culture of complacency at a company and laying people off to make the company run without unnecessarily paying a bunch of people. You wouldn't hire 3 or 4 companies to mow part of your lawn and pay them all for mowing the whole thing, you wouldnt go out to eat every day if you were on a tight budget, so why would a company carry extra employees to do the same job, and why would you expect that a company should not use a zero budgeting system?  You wrote everything to seemingly suggest that 3G is a cancer to the business world, that they do things in all the wrong ways. But they've owned Burger King for almost a decade now. They earned a 46% return over a two year period and continue to own a majority stake in burger king. I think Burger King has a better reputation now than it did then. Tim Hortons was only acquired 3 years ago. People have been bitching about how they no longer make fresh donuts since before 2010. In other words, Canadians have been becoming more skeptical of Tim Hortons since **before** the buyout from Burger King and 3G. 3G didn't significantly change the values and product, they cut costs and made it a less cushy environment. The ill will toward Tim Hortons was not caused by 3G, as you suggested.
"because bankers are crooks is a very close answer. Just accept the truth that financial industry is the only service industry that could turn into giant parasite chopping pieces from real economy. I am not anti-financial, because greed is not banker's fault, but just one significant part of human nature. Every human being has greed and fear built in it. But financial industry is the only one which is built on exploiting greed and fear. Governments are throwing gasoline canister into that fire in desperate extinguish attempts, trying to ""regulate"" but only making it worse. With all that ""counter-cybercrime"", ""counter-terrorism"" and ""counter-everything"" efforts, ordinary people will be hurt as always."
i used to buy tools there.  Craftsman used to be a trustworthy brand.  theres a branch near my house,  its almost deserted and creepy and, misfiring? would be one way to say it.  been that way for a couple years.  i feel so terrible for the people working there.  ill never buy there again  you have any information about the CEO and his Activities? not that i doubt you, just curious
You didn't say why this person or his aunt would want to give you money. What service are you performing for them? Why would he want to give you money? Simple, practical tip: If somebody offers to give you money for nothing, or a large amount of money for a trivial amount of work, there's about a 99.99% chance that this is a scam. In real life, it is disappointingly rare for millionaires to pick random strangers and give them money for nothing.
"Like most forms of insurance, health insurance is regulated at the state level. So what is available to you will depend greatly upon which state you live in. You can probably find a list of insurance companies from your state's official website. Many states now provide ""insurance of last resort"" for individuals who can't get insurance through private insurance companies. You can try looking into professional and trade associations. Some offer group insurance plans comparable with COBRA coverage, meaning you'd get a group discount and benefits but without the benefit of an employer paying 30-80% of your premiums. As a software developer you may qualify for membership in the IEEE or ACM, which both offer several forms of insurance to members. The ASP also offers insurance, though they don't provide much information about it on the public portions of their website. These organization offer other benefits besides insurance so you may want to take that in to consideration. The National Federation of Independent Business also offers insurance to members. You may find other associations in your specific area. Credit Unions, Coops and the local chamber of commerce are all possible avenues of finding lower cost insurance options. If you are religious there are even some faith based non-insurance organizations that provide medical cost sharing services. They depend upon the generosity and sense of fairness and obligation of their members to share the burden of medical expenses so their definitely not for everyone."
I am myself from Scandinavia. We had low taxes until WW2 and were largely spared the horrors of WW2 which is the main reason we are still rich. As we have increased taxes, our growth rates have stagnated in Scandinavia. We still, however, do a lot of things right, we have high taxes, but also our governments are quite efficient, we have very free markets, free trade, very little labour regulation, etc. There are many more reasons Scandinavia is succesful - it is because we are so succesful that we have been able to have high taxes and support a welfare state, not the other way around... http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/03585522.2013.836985
"They are not selling stocks. They are selling OJ futures contracts. Selling a futures contract at 142 gives the buyer the right to buy a fixed number of pounds of orange juice concentrate (""OJ"") on a future date at 142 cents per pound. The seller has an obligation to suppy that fixed number of pounds of OJ to the buyer on the future date for 142 cents per pound. When the seller turns around and buys future contracts at 29, the seller gets the right to buy OJ on a future date at 29. This ""zeros his position"" -- meaning he's guaranteed himself the ability to deliver the pounds of OJ he was obligated to supply when he sold futures contracts at 142. And since he'll only have to pay 29 cents per pound, and he'll be selling the OJ for 142 per pound, he'll walk away with 113 cents of profit for every pound sold. You can read a blow-by-blow account of what Winthorpe and Valentine did at the end of ""Trading Places"" here and here. Note that what they did would not be legal today under the ""Eddie Murphy rule"", which prohibits trades based on illicitly obtained government information."
"Often, if your realtor and the selling realtor know each other, your realtor will ""discover"" what price the seller really wants. (Don't worry about how this is done. There will be no evidence it occurred!) Your realtor will then drop hints that you should aim for that price to ensure the deal goes smoothly. That sounds like what your realtor is doing when he says ""If you want to play ball offer them $80k."" He won't stop you from bidding lower, but he knows where you'll end up.  Price is just one part of the transaction, however. You can offer $80K, to meet their price, but also request that the seller make recommended repairs or credit you the cost. You can request that the seller cover closing costs or transfer taxes or any other costs. In short, offering the seller X doesn't mean you will pay X. I personally try to avoid credits, because although they make your effective price lower, the actual purchase price still drives things such as your loan, and in many places, your property taxes and other taxes. I would rather reduce the price than get credits. But you do what you have to do if you want the deal. You can also request that certain appliances be included, such as a refrigerator or a washing machine and dryer. You can ask for furniture, or statues in the backyard, or anything else you liked when you saw the house. In short, you offer X for the house, but you also get a bunch of other stuff that you need or want."
try to set your patriotism aside for a second and think about the situation they put people in. it's terrible.  you build friendships for 6 years, and that is actually a pretty long time, then they just deport you. how would you feel about that? it sucks. that's why H1b is crap. you might get payed better and maybe you like America better than your own country but after 6 years it's over, for most the dream ends after the time is up.
It appears very possible that Google will not have to pay any class C holders the settlement amount, given the structure of the settlement.  This is precisely because of the arbitrage opportunity you've highlighted.  This idea was mentioned last summer in Dealbreaker. As explained in a Dealbook article: The settlement requires Google to pay the following amounts if, one year from the issuance of the Class C shares, the value diverges according to the following formula: If the C share price is equal to or more than 1 percent, but less than 2 percent, below the A share price, 20 percent of the difference; If the C share price is equal to or more than 2 percent, but less than 3 percent, below the A share price, 40 percent of the difference; If the C share price is equal to or more than 3 percent, but less than 4 percent, below the A share price, 60 percent of the difference; If the C share price is equal to or more than 4 percent, but less than 5 percent, below the A share price, 80 percent of the difference.” If the C share price is equal to or more than 5 percent below the A share price, 100 percent of the difference, up to 5 percent. ... If the Class A shares trade around $450 (after the split/C issuance) and the C shares trade at a 4.5 percent discount during the year (or $429.75 per share), then investors expect a payment of: 80 percent times $450 times 4.5 percent = $16.20. The value of C shares would then be $445.95 ($429.75 plus $16.20). But if this is the new trading value during the year, that’s only a discount of less than 1 percent to the A shares. So no payment would be made. But if no payment is made, we are back to the full discount and this continues ad infinitum. In other words, the value of a stock can be displayed as: {equity value} + {dividend value} + {voting value} + {settlement value} = {total share value} If we ignore dividend and voting values, and ignore premiums and discounts for risk and so forth, then the value of a share is basic equity value plus anticipated settlement payoff.  The Google Class C settlement is structured to reduce the payoff as the value converges.  And the practice of arbitrage guarantees (if you buy into at least semi-strong EMH) that the price of C shares will be shored up by arbitrageurs that want the payoff. The voting value of GOOGL is effectively zero, since the non-traded Class B shares control all company decisions.  So the value of the Class A GOOGL voting is virtually zero for the time being.  The only divergence between GOOGL and GOOG price is dividends (which I believe is supposed to be the same) and the settlement payoff.  Somebody who places zero value on the vote and who expects dividend difference to be zero should always prefer to buy GOOG to GOOGL until the price is equal, disregarding the settlement. So technically someone is better off owning GOOG, if dividends are the same and market prices are equal, just because the vote is worthless and the nonzero chance of a future settlement payoff is gravy. The arbitrage itself is present because a share that costs (as in the article) $429.75 is worth $445.95 if the settlement pays out at that rate.  The stable equilibrium is probably either just before or just after the threshold where the settlement pays off, depending on how reliably arbitrageurs can predict the movement of GOOG and GOOGL. If I can buy a given stock for X but know that it's worth X+1, then I'm willing to pay up to X+1.  In the google case, the GOOG stock is worth X+S, where S is an uncertain settlement payment that could be zero or could be substantial.  We have six tiers of S (counting zero payoff), so that the price is likely to follow a pattern from X to X+S5 to X-S5+S4 to X-S4+S3, and climbing the tier ladder until it lands in the frontier between X+S1 and X+S0.  Every time it jumps into X+S1, people should be willing to pay that new amount for GOOG, so the price moves out of payoff range and into X+S0, where people will only pay X. I'm actually simplifying here, since technically this is all based on future expectations.  So the actual price you'd pay is expressed thus: {resale value of GOOG before settlement payoff = X} + ( {expectation that settlement payoff will pay 100% of difference = S5} * {expected nominal difference between GOOG and GOOGL = D} ) + ({S4} * {80% D}) + ({S3} * {60% D}) + ({S2} * {40% D}) + ({S1} * {20% D}) + ({S0} * {0% D})  = {price willing to pay for Class C GOOG = P} Plus you'd technically have to present value the whole thing for the time horizon, since the payoff is in a year.  Note that I've shunted any voting/dividend analysis into X.  It's reasonable to thing that S5, S4, S3, and maybe S2 are nearly zero, given the open arbitrage opportunity.  And we know that S0 times 0% of D is zero.  So the real analysis, again ignoring PV, is thus: P = X + (S1*D) Which is a long way of saying: what are the odds that GOOG will happen to be worth no more than 99% of GOOGL on the payoff determination date?
We heart nails in a big way. This is why Sorbet brings a kaleidoscope of ultra “ooh-la-la” shades to your tips and toes. We stock a select line of quality nail polish brands &amp; products that live up to their names, and to your expectations.
"Within Canada, to send money to a friend online, you'd typically use the Interac e-Transfer service offered by most Canadian banks & credit unions. Here's a list of those that support it. My bank charges $1.50 to send money via Interac e-Transfer, and zero to receive. Charges are likely to vary by bank. FWIW, Interac is a not-for-profit organization & network founded about 30 years ago by some major Canadian banks to facilitate ATM, debit, and other electronic financial transactions within Canada. It's also possible at some banks to set up another person's bank account as a ""personal payee"" — at which point the account becomes available as a bill payment candidate in your online banking. I know at least three of the ""Big Five"" banks have this functionality. I use it at my own bank, but only for payees who also bank at my institution, and I'm not sure if it works between banks. You'll need to ask your candidate banks if they have such a feature, and whether it costs anything. The nice thing about the ""personal payee"" functionality is that, at least at my bank, there's no cost, so for recurring transfer scenarios it can keep costs down. To send payments outside of Canada, wire transfers remain an option – but doing so through a Canadian bank may be expensive. There exist some non-bank wire transfer providers that have more competitive fees and exchange rates.  PayPal remains an option as well."
This only applies to owners that bought the S60 models. To save money, Tesla installed the same size battery pack in both the S60 and S75 and limited the range on the S60 through software.  The S60 is cheaper than the S75 for that reason. At anytime, you can pay the difference to unlock your S60 to the range of an S75.
But in terms of a corporation, what does death penalty really mean. The buildings, employees, data, customer lists, all these things still have value. It's really just a question of whether they're broken up and sold to lots of companies, or if they reorganize into the same basic company.
"&gt; In Germany most terror attacks are made by right-wing guys who want to save Germany from the muslim terrorists   That's absolutely not true. You know that! Please tell me about the recent right-wing ""terror attack"" against **civilians** in Germany! Also, how many terror attacks were done by Muslims at the same time against **civilians**? (I am not pro far-right wing people, but they are not the level of Muslims.)  **Hey! Did you just say hate speech about right-wing guys? Are they terrorists?**  &gt; So the problems comes fron people saying things like you did: Muslims are terrorists. Taking a group as a whole and given them an attribute. If you say americans are fat idiots you say all of them   Repeating over and over that if someone says ""group X does such and such"" means that all members of the group do it will not work.   You just said: ""*most terror attacks are made by right-wing guys*"" and also ""*americans are fat idiots*""  I say ""terrorist attacks are carried out by Muslims"" (I did not say ""Muslims are terrorists"") and the Swedish old lady said ""Muslims shit in the street and burn cars"".  Only the ""*americans are fat idiots*"" implies that ALL Americans are fat and are also Idiots. Do you understand why? If not, I will explain further. **Do you think I think all Muslims are terrorists?**  &gt; heres a link to the sweden Problem  No thanks! I don't needs stats from a Swedish source. Here are the stats from a [non-Swedish source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_Sweden): Crime is up a lot. Why?  One quote: ""**In januray 2017, the the Löfven Cabinet denied the request from member parliament Staffan Danielsson to update the BRÅ statistics on crime with respect to national or immigration background of the perpetrator, as had previously been done in 1995, 2005 but the 2015 was overdue.**""  &gt; Your Right about the nazis though. Ignoring isn't helping. Sadly I have other fights to fight ...  You have other more important fights? Like to fight ""haters"" of Muslims?   Anyway, my question was:  &gt; **As you know, Nazis hate Jews despite Jews being one of the best and most contributing groups in society throughout history. Would you defend Jews being criticized by Nazis? If you do, do you realize what you just did?**"
There is no ETF that closely tracks oil or gasoline. This is because all existing oil and gasoline ETFs hold futures contracts or other derivatives. Storing the oil and gasoline would be prohibitively costly. Futures contracts are prone to contango and backwardation, sometimes resulting in large deviations from the price of the physical commodity. Contrast oil ETFs with metal ETFs, which track nicely. EDIT: See this article about contango. The UNG chart is particularly ugly.
It has clearly emerged in the teaching profession. Teachers in my district are paid to work from 8-3:45 on school days. Most teachers cannot finish their job in that amount of time, because of all the extra obligations teachers are forced to take on (for example, cutting janitorial staff means that teachers have to spend time cleaning their rooms every day). Most teachers put in vastly more than the 38.75 contract hours a week on site doing job related things, and are not paid any more.  Heck, many of my colleagues are probably at the school right now, prepping for next year, even though summer days are not contract days and thus unpaid.
You misunderstood my post, I know how batteries recharge. [Tesla intentionally slows down how quickly the battery can be recharged if you regularly use supercharging stations](https://electrek.co/2017/05/07/tesla-limits-supercharging-speed-number-charges/) to prevent the battery pack from losing performance prematurely. This is a limitation of the batteries that are currently being produced, however solid state batteries don't appear to have these shortcomings.
They are actually pretty common and it's the reason that anyone who takes a Board seat at a company without D&amp;O insurance is playing russian roulette.  Now winning a shareholder suit on the merits (whether personal or derivative liability) is a whole different story - at least in Delaware Chancellery (fun fact DE has two judicial systems, one for corporate stuff with world class talent and one for everything else).    There's this doctrine called the 'Business Judgment Rule' which is a very high bar for a shareholder to overcome. Otherwise you'd see shareholder suits for every business deal that went wrong.  The other problem these Uber investors might run into is they haven't realized a loss, nor are they likely to have a negative return on the initial investment. Marking down a gain against a high water mark is an uphill battle.  Based on what it public, idk the cause of action, maybe Kalanick is going back on contractual language in his separation agreement (which is currently non-public) or that some of his actions as CEO could be considered self-dealing (again, not information currently in the public domain). Or maybe it's just a threat to put all the non-public shitty things he has done in a pleading and therefore put it in the public domain.
Is there a way in bloomberg to calculate the total return if one purchased $100 worth of 10 Year US Notes at time X and perpetually rolled the principal once the bond matured until the present?   I've been able to historically use the COMP function to compare equity and ETF total returns, but curious if this function can be expanded to measure returns against commodities, treasuries, and other debt products. Unfortunately im having trouble pulling in the appropriate continuous commodity and treasury tickers.
Don't you need ironclad sovereign debt that will never default type of trust to be a global currency? US is the closest we have at this point? If Europe wasn't on the Euro maybe you can say Germany but who else?
Pay off the Highest interest loan rate first. You must be doing something funky with how long your terms are... If you give a bit more info about your loan's such as the term and how much extra you have right now to spend it could be explained in detail why that would be the better choice using your numbers. You have to make sure when you are analyzing your different loan options that you make sure you are comparing apples to apples. IE make sure that you are either comparing the present value, future value or amortization payments...  EDIT: using some of your numbers lets say you have 5000 dollars in your pocket you have 3 options. excel makes these calculations easier... Do nothing: in 80 months your Student Loan will be payed in full and you will have 54676.08 owing on your mortgage and 5000 in your pocket(assuming no bank interest)  for mortgage: Pay off Student loan and allocate Student loans amortization to Mortgage: in 80 months you will have $47,910.65 owing on mortgage and student loan will be paid in full For mortgage: Pay 5000 on Mortgage: in 80 months student loan will be paid in full and you will have $48,204.92 owing on mortgage For mortgage:
How come when I sell stocks, the brokerage won't let me cash out for three days, telling me the SEC requires this clearance period for the transaction to clear, but they can swap shit around in under a second?   Be interesting to see what would happen if *every* transaction wasn't cleared until the closing bell.
I would look on http://seekingalpha.com/currents/earnings. You can also get copies of the conference calls for each company you are looking at. What you referred to is the conference call. The people who usually ask questions are professional analysts. I would recommend getting the transcript as it is easier to highlight and keep records of. I hope that helps
It was everyone, from the bankers, to the no doc loan officers, to the people with no or minuscule incomes applying for a home they knew they could not afford, to the people who used their home as a piggy bank, to house flippers, to speculators, to investors. Everyone has some blame, greed, what ever you want to call it. There was no one person to shoulder the blame.
Is it because the non-public info isn't directly related to the holding?   Seems like it should be illegal. If Congress was going to write a bill let's say that bans the use of oil in America, and 10 days before they release the bill to the public, 6 members of congress short oil stocks. Seems illegal to me.
Before putting any significant money into stocks, I would recommend spending at least a year paper trading.  It is amazing how much money you can lose trading stocks when you don't know what you are doing!
Do you have a good reason for keeping a US bank account?  If not, I would close it and transfer to your Canadian bank account just to simplify your life. Unless you are investing on the scale of George Soros you shouldn't be worrying too much about exchange rates.
"To answer your question: yes, it's often ""worth it"" to have investments that produce income. Do a Google search for ""income vs growth investing"" and you'll get a sense for two different approaches to investing in equities. In a nutshell: ""growth"" stocks (think Netflix, etc) don't pay dividends but are poised to appreciate in price more than ""income"" stocks (think banks, utilities, etc) that tend to have less volatile prices but pay a consistent dividend. In the long run (decades), growth stocks tend to outperform income stocks. That's why younger investors tend to pick growth stocks while those closer to retirement tend to stick with more stable income-producing portfolio. But there's nothing wrong with a mixed approach, either. I agree with Pete's answer, too."
There's a good explanation of this type of scam at the following link; It's known as a Spot-Delivery scam. https://www.carbuyingtips.com/top-10-scams/scam1.htm Also, I read this one a while back, and immediately this post reminded me of it: http://oppositelock.kinja.com/when-the-dealership-steals-back-the-car-they-just-sold-1636730607 Essentially, they claim you'll get one level of financing, let you take the car home, and then attempt to extort a higher financing APR out of you or request more money / higher payments. Check your purchasing agreement, it may have a note with something along the lines of 'Subject to financing approval' or something similar. If it does, you might be 'out of luck', as it were. Contact an attorney; in some cases (Such as the 'oppositelock.kinja.com' article above) consumers have been able to sue dealers for this as theft.
Over time, you'll have more loans, maybe a few store cards, mortgage, car loan, etc.  I'm a fan of maximizing one's wealth, and the small rebate/reward adds up over time, so I'm not against the store cards, so long as you always pay the bill in full.  As far as FICO is concerned, what they 'like' to see may not necessarily be optimum for you. I'd suggest you go about your business, and over time use the few cards that combine to give to the best benefit combination that works for you.
Generally speaking, yes, you're obliged to pay rent for the remainder of the lease term. But the landlord is obliged to mitigate damages, so if you can find a suitable tenant the landlord has to let you out of the lease.
Credit card companies are businesses. Businesses will make any decision that makes them money. So does it make them money to cancel your account? It's a simple cost-benefit analysis: you having an account with them will probably give them some benefit for very little cost to them. The only real cost associated with an open account is someone who uses the card but doesn't pay, but they're pretty sure you won't be doing that.
They're easily taken advantage of just like H1 visa folks. People can cry about expectations all they want but the real world isn't the world people expect.   If there is advantage to be taken some people will take it. And it's not DACA getting the better end of the stick that I can assure you.    As someone who consults executives and leads companies through transformation - forget the world you *want and expect*. First we deal with the world *that is* and we're honest so we can change it.    Expecting others to do what you wish is a redline throttle into a brick wall. What you want or expect doesn't fucking matter so drop it. Get real with the field you're given to work with. Then change that.
"I'm really not.  Want a different job?  Develop the skills and/or education for that job and apply.  Again, your life is in your own adult hands, excuses about circumstances, fairness, ""privilege"", etc, aren't going to change the fact that you are responsible for the outcomes in your life.  The sooner you accept that, and stop blaming everything listed above, the sooner you'll be on the road to a better life."
It's not like we have a lot of options. We have to stop climate change. Natural gas will be increasingly important, and yes it's a fossil fuel, but not nearly as bad as coal or a oil.  Before looking for dealers look at Germany. If only they didn't substitute nuclear with renewables but substituted coal and oil with renewables, they'd have eliminated most fossil fuels.
Who offered who what?  You're pretending industries are fungible. They aren't. Apple and Microsoft are not related to the MIC or big oil. Energy is a demonstrated input in every other sector in the world. Why not include (for example) agriculture in your math? It's 100% dependent on energy costs. You're isolating individual industries as if they exist outside of the greater supply/manufacturing chain and pretending that they can be swapped for one another based on the single metric of market size. Apples and oranges. Except in this case the world runs on oranges.
"You need to understand how various entities make their money. Once you know that, you can determine whether their interests are aligned with yours. For example, a full-service broker makes money when you buy and sell stocks. They therefore have in interest in you doing lots of buying, and selling, not in making you money. Or, no-fee financial advisors make their money through commissions on what they sell you, which means their interests are served by selling you those investments with high commissions, not the investments that would serve you best. Financial media makes their money through attracting viewers/readers and selling advertising. That is their business, and they are not in the business of giving good advice. There are lots of good investments - index funds are a great example - that don't get much attention because there isn't any money in them.  In fact, the majority of ""wall street"" is not aligned with your interests, so be skeptical of the financial industry in general.  There are ""for fee"" financial advisors who you pay directly; their interests are fairly well aligned with yours. There is a fair amount of good information at The Motley Fool"
There are some ETF's on the Indian market that invest in broad indexes in other countries Here's an article discussing this  Be aware that such investments carry an additional risk you do not have when investing in your local market, which is 'currency risk'  If for example you invest in a ETF that represents the US S&P500 index, and the US dollar weakens relative to the indian rupee, you could see the value if your investment in the US market go down, even if the index itself is 'up' (but not as much as the change in currency values). A lot of investment advisors recommend that you have at least 75% of your investments in things which are denominated in your local currency (well technically, the same currency as your liabilities), and no more than 25% invested internationally.  In large part the reason for this advice is to reduce your exposure to currency risk.
"You can be a great CEO without knowing anything about technology.  However, right now, there are a lot of businesses going through Schumpeter level creative destruction due to technology. In those contexts, you *need* the technological expertise *as well as* the leadership.  You wouldn't seriously suggest ""a CEO doesn't need to know anything about finance, because that's what their CFO is for"". In this context, technology is just as vital.  The strength of the team will definitely fill in for missing skill sets. If what it was just about understanding how technology works or even understanding statistics, I think you can totally rely on the team to fill that in.  However, CEO's do need to understand their business. In this context, it is a need thing, not a want thing. If the business weren't transforming in some massive fashion, they could lean on understanding the past of the business and use it to extrapolate about the present &amp; the future. That isn't the case here. Certainly, I wouldn't expect the CEO to match their CTO for technical understanding/skills (if you can't lead people who are more competent then you, you've got no business with the job). It's about the understanding of the business."
That was a major statistic (that I can't find [Honestly I didn't look but I know it is out there]) that supporters of obama care would use. Basically they said a large portion of those that are uninsured are healthy people between the ages of 18-35, who don't see the need for health insurance, can't afford health insurance, or feel like they are never going to die or get sick so whats the point?. So the argument was: If the pool for people paying for health insurance increases, with a majority of that increase being people who will not use the system very much, then rates should drop for everyone since there are more healthy people covering for the unhealthy people.   I didn't assume, that was how it was marketed while it was being proposed.
There's a possibility to lose money in exchange rate shifts, but just as much chance to gain money (Efficient Market Hypothesis and all that). If you're worried about it, you should buy a stock in Canada and short sell the US version at the same time. Then journal the Canadian stock over to the US stock exchange and use it to settle your short sell. Or you can use derivatives to accomplish the same thing.
The problem isn't capitalism per se, but rather a failure of regulation. (Yes, purely pedantically, that means the problem *is* capitalism, but I hate saying it that way because it comes across as suggesting that capitalism in and of itself is bad)  For capitalism to work, you *must* have regulation. When regulation fails and allows (in this case) companies to become nations unto themselves and potentially abusive, then yes - that becomes problematic.
Companies straddle the line between being public and private, given that people in our society are basically required to have jobs to survive, and those are largely provided by companies.  I don't think they should be treated exactly the same as a private individual.  &gt;Let the whiny left begin their foolishness ...  Oh, wait...  You didn't actually want to have a conversation.  Never mind.
Our Finance organization does much of their reporting out of Excel being fed out of SSAS cubes, and beyond that, there's significant need for PowerPivot charts, forecasting, and Monte Carlo simulation, as well as significant use of various plugins and VBA code.  We kept Office 365 ProPlus around for Finance and HR.  For the rest of the organization, they don't need particularly advanced capabilities for slides, drawing, or word processing, or light spreadsheet capability and we're quite content to output to PDF, Google Sheets, and other things as needed, as well as using cost free alternatives to MS Exchange/Outlook, Visio, and Project.  The collaboration is a particular plus, and Google Hangouts is really convenient working from multiple sites/screen sharing.  We've done our best to keep our data centralized and universally accessible, in lieu of living in Excel spreadsheets and MS Access databases as tribal knowledge.
It's interesting these days, I see a lot of daily deals startups taking investor money and inevitably failing...  It's a long con the other way, too - a steady paycheck for a few years with the knowledge that no amount of effort will save the company because the entire concept is wrong. Pivoting ten or twelve times just to suck more cash out of the gullible...
Electrodry is a specialist dry carpet cleaning company committed to ensuring a professional service for your home or business. For over 20 years Electrodry has been Australia's most trusted name for carpet cleaning, upholstery cleaning, drapery cleaning, and mattress cleaning for both residential and commercial premises.
A good poker player lowers the bet on the downside and increases it on the up, by 3 to 10 times. They'll win, and then when the mood swings, generally 3 -5 consecutive downs, it`s time to reduce the bet back to 1. I gambled for a year fulltime - a guest of the house you might say, and I managed to make a living using this system.
That's not how logic works.  Warren Buffet is for a FTT for one counter example.  People who make money in the stock market in honest ways want long-term stability.  If they see the financialization of the economy as counter to this goal, and a FTT as a method to mitigate that risk, then they would be for it.  If John selling Jim ten thousand cows introduces systemic risk to the economy, then yes, the rest of the market players should be compensated.
If you buy, you also have to consider what others can afford to pay. If people are not going to pay more than 50k, why buying overpriced crap for 400k, which is going to be cheap in 5 years. Just rent out and wait for a deal or cheaper rent near-by.
This isn't complicated. You either pay her a full wage and take the cost on your end or you pay her less of a wage and give her equity. You're trying to have your cake and eat it too. It's called greed. As long as you are aware of your stance feel free to screw her over as much as you're comfortable with.
We're going through this at my company right now.  The billing/accounts receivable office near us has largely been automated and they are trying to find positions for all of the displaced employees.  There are a few open positions in my office and if these employees can pass a skills test/interview, they will get to take one of our spots and stay with the company.  If they are unable to pass the skills test (Excel and basic accounting concepts), they will be laid off.  Some of these people have worked for our company for over 20 years but since they didn't bother to upgrade their skill sets over the years, many of them will be out of work.  My coworkers think I'm crazy for continuing to obtain certifications and take classes but I'm thinking towards the future.
"Thirtyfive years ago, when buying checks through one's bank was the sole option, if you got a ""business"" account with a bank, you had to buy ""business"" checks.  One difference between a ""business"" account and a personal account was that on the business account, the incorporated or unincorporated company (say Simply Wonderful Apps) had the option of changing from John Doe to Richard Roe as the Treasurer of Simply Wonderful Apps and the person signing the checks, whereas a personal account in John Doe's name could not be changed to allow Richard Roe signature authority over the account.  For a self-employed person doing business as Simply Wonderful Apps, a personal checking account would do just as well,  since the need to change the person responsible for signing checks might never arise. It was, of course, important to have a separate checking account for the business because it made book-keeping simpler and also separated business expenses deductible on Schedule C from personal expenses. But it was not necessary to have a business account or business checks to run a small business. In addition to the various advantages described in other answers, one advantage that I found for larger checks is that various money management programs could do things like print an address below the name on (computer-printable) checks so that after folding,  the check could be put into a window envelope and mailed directly. For the one check to a page format, the programs could print additional information on the blank area below the check (e.g. explanations about the check, company logo etc. So, it was convenient if one had to write several checks each month. But if  outgoing checks are infrequent and extra security is not much of an issue, there  is less reason to spend a lot extra on business style checks rather than the personal style checks."
No. You're lucky, maybe, but not really a successful investor. Warren Buffet is, you're not him. Sometimes it is easier to pick stocks to bid on, sometimes its harder. I got my successes too. It is easier on a raising market, especially when it is recovering after a deep fall, like now. But generally it is very hard to beat the market. You need to remember that an individual investor, not backed by deep pockets, algo-trading and an army of analysts, is in a disadvantage on the market by definition. So what can you do? Get the deep pockets, algo-trading and an army of analysts. How? By pooling with others - investing through funds.
outstanding shares are the shares(regular shares) that are still tradable in the market, where the firm in question is listed. The term is primarily used to distinguish from shares held in treasury(treasury stock), which have been bought back(buybacks) from the market and aren't currently tradable in the market. Wikipedia is a bit more clearer and mentions the diluted outstanding shares(used for convertible bonds, warrants, etc) which is used to calculated diluted EPS.
Moshammer Porsche Tuning Company is a reputed name in the field of tuning Porsches for a long time. People trust them immensely and they have never failed their customers. They are great at tuning not just Porsches but other cars as well. So give them a chance to get your Porsche tuned.
"If Lewis made any misrepresentations, painting the HFT firms in a bad light, he would be getting his ass sued off right now. So again, what part did he get wrong? And why are all these firms not suing him over this ""hatchet job""?  I know all the greedy HFT fuckheads are upset for being exposed as greedy HFT fuckheads, but I don't see how their hurt feelings changes the fact that they're greedy HFT fuckheads."
There are lots of thing that people will pay for if you wait long enough.  I don't know that I would consider them investments, but they go up in value.
That time I posted a piece about extended cab safety of US-manufactured trucks and /r/cars banned me for a duplicating post.  Is *Reddit* full of ban-happy mods or are they organized in some fashion to target certain redditors for headchopping...like ISIS? Is there some secret cult of *Reddit* mods afoot?
Well, I'm sold.  I just installed the app now and I'll probably use it whenever I buy stuff I won't need for a while.  I already buy a ton of stuff through Amazon, why would I spend more if I don't need to?  Although I'm a bit sad that all the categories are pretty much things I never buy.
"Excellent observation! The short answer is that you don't own the firm, you own the right to your share of the profits (or losses) for the period that you worked there.  Technically you also have the right to vote to sell or disband the company (known as demutualization).   The workers at Equal Exchange voted in a clause to our bylaws to prevent this--basically a ""poison pill."" It says that if we ever sold the company we have to pay off any debts, return any investments (at the price paid), and give away any remaining assets to another company dedicated to Fair Trade. The effect is that there is no incentive for us to sell the company, so we don't worry about all the kinds of things you would if you were focused on an ""exit strategy."" But in this sense, ""ownership"" is even more compromised, right?   Back to your question, I think the answer is ""It depends on what you mean by ownership."" It is certainly not ownership in the conventional sense. I think of it more like a trusteeship. We are stewards of the enterprise while we have the benefits given to active workers, but we have a responsibility not just to maximize our own well-being, but that of the other stakeholders (our suppliers, consumers, investors, our communities, the environment, etc), including the people who worked there before (and left part of the profits in the company as retained earnings) and those that will come after us."
"When you hear advice to buy index funds, that usually comes with two additional pieces of investment discipline advice that are important: These two elements are important to give you relative predictability in your outcome 20 years from now.  In this old blog post of mine I linked to Warren Buffett talking about this, also  mentioned it in a comment on another answer: http://blog.ometer.com/2008/03/27/index-funds/ It's perfectly plausible to do poorly over 20 years if you buy 100% stocks at once, without dollar-cost averaging or rebalancing. It's very very very plausible to do poorly over 10 years, such as the last 10 in fact. Can you really say you know your financial situation in 20-30 years, and for sure won't need that money? Because predictability is important, I like buying a balanced fund and not ""pure stocks"": http://blog.ometer.com/2010/11/10/take-risks-in-life-for-savings-choose-a-balanced-fund/ (feel a little bad linking to my blog, but retyping all that into this answer seems dumb!) Here's another tip. You can go one step past dollar cost averaging and try value averaging: http://www.amazon.com/Value-Averaging-Strategy-Investment-Classics/dp/0470049774 However, chances are you aren't even going to be good about rebalancing if it's done ""by hand,"" so personally I would not do value averaging unless you can find either a fund or a financial advisor to do it for you automatically. (Finance Buff blog makes a case for a financial advisor, in case you like that more than my balanced fund suggestion: http://thefinancebuff.com/the-average-investor-should-use-an-investment-advisor-how-to-find-one.html) Like rebalancing, value averaging makes you buy more when you're depressed about the market and less when it's exciting. It's hard.  (Dollar cost averaging is easily done by setting up automatic investment, of course, so you don't have to do it manually in the way you would with value averaging.) If you read the usual canonical books on index funds and efficient markets it's easy to remember the takeaway that nobody knows whether the market will go up or down, and yes you won't successfully time the market. But what you can do successfully is use an investment discipline with risk control: assume that the market will fluctuate, that both up and down are likely and possible, and optimize for predictability in light of that. Most importantly, optimize to take your emotions and behavior out of the picture. Some disciplines for example are: there are dozens out there, many of them snake oil, I think these I mentioned are valid. Anyway, you need some form of risk control, and putting all your money in stocks at once doesn't give you a lot of risk control. There's no real need to get creative. A balanced fund that uses index funds for equity and bond portions is a great choice."
&gt; I can't find any instance in modern history where workers won the fight against a machine that was going to replace them.  Are you kidding me? This is what Unions do all the time: prevent any kind of new efficiency, automation, outsourcing, etc.  I am absolutely not pro-Union. Actually, I hate Unions... or what became of them.  Anyway, Unions are quite successful in what they try to do...
I don't really have anything to add, but I've been looking for a study subreddit for International Business, where people can share resources.  There doesn't seem to be one however, I wonder if that would be something worth starting. /r/InternationalBusiness is currently banned, so we could claim that from the admins if they'd let us, and start a study sub.
Dịch vụ phục hồi trần thạch cao SMY đã được áp dụng trong nhiều thập kỷ qua đối với các tòa nhà thuộc mọi loại, kích thước và điều kiện và từ các tòa nhà. Trả ít hơn và có được dịch vụ thạch cao hấp dẫn hơn với chất lượng khác nhau. Chúng tôi đang ở tuyến đầu của availing sự phân chia tuyệt vời mà tran thach cao có thể đảm bảo hoạt động kinh doanh dễ dàng, bổ sung giá trị và tăng cường tính riêng tư. Đội ngũ nhân viên của chúng tôi sẽ ủng hộ bạn ở nhiều lựa chọn thay thế có sẵn theo ý của bạn và bạn sẽ hoàn toàn được thông báo thêm và am hiểu.
"The way I am trading this is:  I am long the USD / EUR in cash. I also hold USD / EUR futures, which are traded on the Globex exchange. I am long US equities which have a low exposure to Europe and China (as I expect China to growth significantly slower if the European weakens).  I would not short US equities because Europe-based investors (like me) are buying comparatively ""safe"" US equities to reduce their EUR exposure."
This is referred to as an HSA Mistaken Distribution. An HSA mistaken distribution occurs when you take a distribution and later find out that it is not for a qualified medical expense.  For example, this could occur if you accidentally pay for a restaurant dinner with your HSA debit card.  It can also occur if you take a distribution to pay for a medical expense, but then are later reimbursed by insurance. This is discussed in the instructions for IRS forms 1099-SA and 5498-SA.  (Note: these forms are submitted by the HSA bank, not the consumer, so the instructions are addressed to them.) HSA mistaken distributions.   If amounts were distributed during the year from an HSA because of a mistake of fact due to reasonable cause, the account beneficiary may repay the mistaken distribution no later than April 15 following the first year the account beneficiary knew or should have known the distribution was a mistake. For example, the account beneficiary reasonably, but mistakenly, believed that an expense was a qualified medical expense and was reimbursed for that expense from the HSA. The account beneficiary then repays the mistaken distribution to the HSA.  You have until April 15 in the year following the refund to repay the HSA and avoid the extra tax and penalty that should be paid if you were to keep the distribution that was not ultimately used for medical expenses.  When you send the money to the HSA bank, you need to explicitly tell them that it is a mistaken distribution repayment, so that they can report it to the IRS correctly and it will not affect your contribution limits.
"&gt;Please explain who is being held down in this situation. An employment agreement is voluntary. Wages are set by supply and demand.  Please study the history of the labor movement in the United States. There's a reason we're paid actual money and not ""company bucks."" Because businesses WILL find a way to pay employees nothing if they can.   &gt; So you want to violently intervene and kill off the livelihoods of people because they voluntarily work for a business you deem too unprofitable to exist?  No. I want to ensure that the price paid for labor matches its real cost. Again, study the labor movement.  &gt;The jobs will be replaced by machines and the people whose jobs you killed now live 100% on the dole, likely forever. Most of the people affected will be minorities. I can't imagine a more heinous and racist act of economic violence.  Sounds like the same fucking thing people (racists) said during the labor movement.  &gt; Individuals who would rather see perfectly able bodied people 100% on the dole rather than providing for themselves should be ashamed. Seriously, fuck you and fuck your violent and racist policies.  People who don't study history are doomed to repeat it. Seriously, fuck you and your complete and total ignorance of history and complete lack of understanding about basic economic theory."
Yep, you got me.  I misread that portion.  That must mean everything else I said must be false.  Looks like it is time for you to move on to the next uneducated poor soul and save the world, one tax loving citizen at a time....
That's a nice idea, but it isn't likely to happen at any point in the near future.  Reddit is a bad example as it is a collection of links to websites. I agree I'm here mainly for the comments, but they're nothing without the links to the websites that we need to be able to read first.   And what of other websites that don't rely purely on comments and user submitted content? Should they try donations (which doesn't really work) or.. something else?   The brilliance of the internet is that it is free. Someone in southern Sahara can potentially watch a YouTube video showing how to fix a generator, or build a water generator. That is great! Sharing of information is so important.  Assuming a whole new internet is off the cards, what then?
The problem is that you don't have the money now; so they can't know with 100% certainty that you will have it on settlement day.  What happens if you don't file the paperwork in time? or you change your mind because you think the company stock is going to go through the roof next quarter? They would have to pull the funding for the loan. The seller would be upset, and could even file for damages if the deal falls through.  It could even snowball because if they delay the sale then they can't buy the new place, which impacts another closing... Frequently lenders want to see the money for the down payment long before settlement.  They want to know the money is there, and it isn't a hidden loan. While you can point to the money in the ESPP, they would still like to see the money in a regular bank account. Even if you do convince them to delay their evaluation you can count on being asked to prove the existence of the funds in the days before closing, or they will delay giving the loan.
"That quote was from a human being who already believed that before any computers got involved.  The point of using ""AI"" here was to   &gt; scour thousands of transcripts to ... implement a trade — in seconds.  I.e., recognize bullshit being spouted and sell stocks in response, before a human could even finish reading the words."
Yes, PMI is what the lender requires to loan you more than 8O% of the home's value. I could easily present scenarios where it's exactly the right decision to use PMI and get the purchase done. A 100K mortgage at 90% LTV will cost you $521/year in PMI.  If you are renting and struggling to get a higher downpayment, it can take quite a long time to save the additional $11K to put down. Only the buyer can know if the house is such s bargain, or if rates have bottomed, but the decision isn't so clear cut.
"Wells Fargo Shareowner Services main job is as a Transfer Agent and Dividend Paying Agent. They work on behalf of a company (say Acme Inc.) to keep track of who the shareowners are, their job is to constantly update the official record of who owns how many Acme shares. (Also, obviously, they pay out dividends). You can see how they got involved: they are the ones who were able to ""rename"" your deceased relative's shares so they are now in your name, no one else can do that. Now, however, they don't have to keep your shares, you can transfer them elsewhere if you wish. You will have to legally prove your identity, which is not difficult to do in most cases (assuming you  are in US, have a government issued ID and a bank account, and some time to do some paperwork)."
Well, one way I avoid all exchange fees is to trade currency with an individual. There's no trick, though. Just find a friend or family member on the other side of the border who wants your USD or your CAD, look up the exchange rate for the day, and hand over the money (or write each other checks). It's win-win because both sides are getting a good deal with no fees.
If your annual income is less than $45000 or so (and you expect this to change for the better in the future), it's not worthwhile to put that in an RRSP -- save your contribution room for the future years where you will gain more of a tax deduction.  There's no real downside in investing in a TFSA (what you withdraw this year can be put back in next year), so any surplus funds that you do not anticipate needing this year can be put in a TFSA to earn a bit more than the equivalent investment outside of a shelter.
Don't give them too much credit.  They aren't actually Keynesian views.  Keynes believed in paying down debts during periods of growth.  These jokers live in a neo-Keynesian fairyland where all lunches are free, and debts can be modeled away via aggregate demand.
What you're getting at is the same as investing with leverage. Usually this comes in the form in a margin account, which an investor uses to borrow money at a low interest rate, invest the money, and (hopefully!) beat the interest rate.  is this approach unwise? That completely depends on how your investments perform and how high your loan's interest rate is. The higher your loan's interest rate, the more risky your investments will have to be in order to beat the interest rate. If you can get a return which beats the interest rates of your loan then congratulations! You have come out ahead and made a profit. If you can keep it up you should make the minimum payment on your loan to maximize the amount of capital you can invest. If not, then it would be better to just use your extra cash to pay down the loan.  [are] there really are investments (aside from stocks and such) that I can try to use to my advantage? With interest rates as low as they are right now (at least in the US) you'll probably be hard-pressed to find a savings account or CD that will return a higher interest rate than your loan's. If you're nervous about the risk associated with investing in stocks and bonds (as is healthy!), then know that they come in a wide spectrum of risk. It's up to you to evaluate how much risk you're willing to take on to achieve a higher return.
"I am very tired of the age-old conservative argument for inherent ""dignity in work"".  Go fuck yourself.  Me not wanting to bust my ass for shitty pay that serves only those individuals that are of a higher class than me does not make me a lazy person.  To me, it is more dignified to work for something greater, i.e., a type of system that works for all.  Fuck anyone that thinks otherwise."
"Market cap is synonymous with equity value, which is one way of thinking of a company's ""worth.""  The alternative would be enterprise value, which is calculated as follows:  Enterprise Value = Market Value of Equity + Market Value of Debt - Cash and Equivalents - Non-Operating Assets  Enterprise value is essentially ""how much is the firm worth to ALL providers of capital."" It can be viewed as ""if I wanted to buy the *entire* company, debt and all, what would I have to pay?"""
Universal Steel of America provides supply easy to construct steel buildings for auto shops that allow easy integration of floor space, vehicle lifts, work furniture, restrooms, tools, machines and so much more. We can accommodate any auto repair steel buildings requirements. Call us at 1-800-993-4660.
"As Dheer pointed out, the top ten mega-cap corporations account for a huge part (20%) of your ""S&P 500"" portfolio when weighted proportionally. This is one of the reasons why I have personally avoided the index-fund/etf craze -- I don't really need another mechanism to buy ExxonMobil, IBM and Wal-Mart on my behalf. I like the equal-weight concept -- if I'm investing in a broad sector (Large Cap companies), I want diversification across the entire sector and avoid concentration. The downside to this approach is that there will be more portfolio turnover (and expense), since you're holding more shares of the lower tranches of the index where companies are more apt to churn. (ie. #500 on the index gets replaced by an up and comer). So you're likely to have a higher expense ratio, which matters to many folks."
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [Seattle Woman Says Her Identity Has Been Stolen 15 Times Since Equifax Data Breach](https://www.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/79uk5r/seattle_woman_says_her_identity_has_been_stolen/)  &amp;nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
No, no they don't. No more so than wages do. A pension is not some magical pot of money that you retire and suddenly are a billionaire. A pension payment replaces your wages. It is retirement savings.   This is like saying we should eliminate 401K's, Roth, and Keogh IRA's and simply take the money. This is like saying we should seize homes and other properties. You need to elaborate why you think paying out pensions is going to raise inflation, that doesn't make sense.
We give all day and all night, crisis A/C repair and routine upkeep to the inhabitants of Tampa Bay and its encompassing regions. Quick, productive, and dependable the most elevated quality administration! Rely on us to settle your ventilation system whenever of the day, any day of the year, including all major occasions.   We likewise offer the best cost and incentive on A/C establishment and substitution. With the ranking Florida warm, it's dependably a reason for concern when the aeration and the cooling system goes out. Our guaranteed and protected specialists are here to get you recovered, in as meager time as could be allowed.
"&gt; ignoring everything else that was happening around them and assuming that they were the only company/ecosystem that mattered  That *can* work if your ideas are good. Apple's designs are often considered innovative, and they have a [closed architecture](http://www.computerhope.com/jargon/c/closedar.htm) product design. Microsoft just does it poorly. Apple doesn't abandon their existing fan base too often (the FCP X conversion was actually quite bad) while Microsoft seems to ignore their previous achievements and designs. They look at what they can change without the connecting pieces for why it should be changed at all. Alienating those customers they ""won"" is their issue.  I am somewhat comparing *apples and oranges* here. Apple makes consumer products with very little enterprise support when compared to Microsoft, which is the opposite.  To be clear, I don't own any Apple products but do have a few Windows computers. However, I work in technology with both platforms regularly."
"Every car company does this and its frustrating as hell.    Something much more prevalent -- even commonplace -- is the car you booked not being able... not just car (much more common), but car type.  When I travel I book flights/cars weeks if not months in advance.  I travel on the company dime and they don't care if I get a Mustang convertible, Charger RT, etc., whatever.    Again, booked weeks/months in advance.    I can't tell you how frustrating it is to get off a 5-hour flight, take a 30-minute shuttle ride to the airport rental center (here's looking at you, DFW) and get there to be told I'm getting a Kia Sorento.    I know it sounds snobbish, but I paid for the upgrade, I've still got an hour drive to XYZ, and I want something fun to drive.  And they know, and I know, that bitching and moaning does absolutely nothing.  If X car isn't on the lot, I'm not getting it, unless Jesus Christ himself comes down and brings a Hemi with him.  I always see first timers there -- dads screaming at the desk agent with the wife and kids waiting on the benches, obviously exhausted and embarrassed -- trying to get the Tahoe or whatever they reserved.  ""Let me speak to your manager.""  I have seen this maybe 5-6x, and every. single. time. the wife ends up calming the husband down, wife apologizes to the desk agent, and they take their Hyundai Santa Fe or whatever.  It's like the twilight zone every time I see it.  ""Is this family still here from last time?  Nope, new family.""  TLDR;  Convertible wasn't available, got the moped.  Kind of like a convertible, I guess."
When you buy a stock and sell a covered call, the call can't be valued higher than the stock, right? How can a call on a $10 stock sell for more than the stock?  So, the initial position of a covered call will cost you something. The transaction is a debit  to you. The net amount of the deal, usually prices as per stock/option single share.  For the image showing net credit, it's as if you expect to get paid for you to take this deal.
For about six months now, every 3-4 weeks, I get a misdelivered packaged from those idiots.  It's to the same person.  They have the same house number, Asian name like myself, but ten streets away.  First couple of times I reported this to Amazon, but I got real tired of spending my own time to help fix their problem. I figure let Amazon keep sending replacement packages and maybe they'll finally get the hint.  Meanwhile, my housekeepers have been enjoying these gifts.
Nah it's far from that simple. The effects of low interest rates will decline over time.   That's the nature of the beast. Without continuous input of bullish stimuli, and as leveraged longs grow and grow, stock market growth will become increasingly vulnerable to small shocks which turn into bigger shocks.
"Collective bargaining existed before the government officially granted people that right. Since collective bargaining would still be legal without the NLRA, understand that essentially what you're saying is that you think there should be a law that bars people from negotiating contract as a group, in the process making it near impossible have the same resources to help them that the other side has (like lawyers, analysts, economists, PR people, etc).   This would go against of right to freedom of association.  I do understand your argument though. Someone's private company is their own, to do with what they'd like. However we've been through that in this country, and child labor, unsafe working conditions, and 80 hour weeks. Having labor laws has proven beneficial for everyone (even very weak laws compared with the rest of the industrial world),  and raised living standards for millions. You may not realize it, but you have the labor movement to thank for many of the things that are just expected from employers today. Benefits, holidays, weekends, safety, overtime...without the labor movement raising standards in the private sector and pushing for govt. regulations, our working lives would look very different today.  Like all laws, there is a balance to be struck between individual rights and the common good, and what can be seen as a ""right"" for one can often be seen as a ""right to violate another's rights"" for someone else. Don't people have the right to withhold their work when they feel like their dignity is trampled on? Not everyone can own a business of their own, so are the vast majority of us who will spend our lives working for someone else expected to have as little influence in our working lives as an indentured servant? You probably tow the libertarian line. However good this sounds on paper, it ignores the child of crackheads who has to work to feed his/her siblings.    &gt; The mighty is those who use the force of government or the threat of violence (e.g. violent strikes) to prevent another party from exercising their contract liberty and firing them.  This is some pretty extreme hyperbole, and hard to take seriously. As someone who was recently involved in organizing their workplace, I can assure you that the deck is definitely stacked in favor of ownership. Modern anti-union strategies are sophisticated and implemented by highly-paid experts, skilled in using psychological tactics that your average worker just isn't ready for. Union membership in this country has dwindled to around 10%, down from around 50% during the middle of the century, and the erosion of the middle class has been the undeniable result.   Use the ""force of government""? You know, we may have the right to strike in this country, but there's no law that says a company can't hire replacement workers, indefinitely. Plus, striking is not a risk-free action for someone barely getting by, especially when up against people who have enough money for 20 lifetimes.  Threat of violence? Violent strikes? This is a straw-man if I've ever seen one. Who is threatening violence here?  Objectively, when you look at the wealth disparity in this country, it's pretty hard to argue that the right to collective bargaining has resulted in an unfair advantage for workers."
Join me for a look at the Quote for SPY.  A yield of 1.82%. So over a year's time, your $100K investment will give you $1820 in dividends.  The Top 10 holdings show that Apple is now 3% of the S&P. With a current dividend of 2.3%. Every stock in the S&P has its own different dividend. (Although the zeros are all the same. Not every stock has a dividend.) The aggregate gets you to the 1.82% current dividend. Dividends are accumulated and paid out quarterly, regardless of which months the individual stocks pay.
"Gold can be thought of to have value in one of two ways; (1) as a means and (2) as an end.  Means takes the shape of currency. In this form, we value gold in the same way we value the dollar, it allows us to purchase things we want. As a medium of exchange, gold has no definitive value and is only assigned one during the process of an exchange. For example, I would be valuing one ingot of gold to be worth a dog if I traded a dog for one ingot of gold. The value of gold in this sense is subjective as each person decides for themselves what gold is worth during the transaction. Gold as an end is valued for its own sake. A good example of this is a jeweler who purchases gold directly because of the intrinsic property(s) gold possesses. This is closer to the ""true value"" of gold than using it as a means, but virtually no one in our society views gold in this manor because virtually no one can use gold in this manor. ""You know what I could use right now, a block of gold."" - said no one ever.  But even if you are one of the select few who value gold for its own sake, this is usually done because gold provides a function. For example, if people no longer want to ware jewelry, then a jeweler will likely have to find a new line of work where he would likely no longer view gold as valuable as an ends. To sum up, gold has a perceived value for most people and an ""intrinsic value"" to a select few (for the time being)."
Public dividend sounds good, but not the way you are writing about it.  How about you campaign to get people working together to build and patronize businesses that will support a public dividend.  Maybe buying something from the business could give you some share.  The more you buy the more shares you get and the larger your dividend, and the more influential your vote.
Since your question is very particular on the details, I'm assuming you did your research. Unfortunately you won't get a better answer here than what you've found on the Internet already. This is not a clear-cut situation as the situation you're describing has been a source to some confusion. Mainly, the question is whether the US bank account is a tangible asset or not. To the best of my knowledge, this has not yet been settled, so I suggest going to a professional tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in the US) who'd advise you the best course of action. I think it would be safer to transfer the money directly from the foreign account to the US beneficiary (although even then, if the IRS decides to start digging, it may claim that you're essentially disguising a transfer from a US account, so I suggest talking to a professional before doing anything). In any case, the US recipient will need to report the gift (if it is $100K or more) using the form 3520 with his/her tax return.
"When portfolio positions are reported in percentages, those percentages are relative to the portfolio's base equity.  When you start out, that is equal to the cash you have in a portfolio.  Later it's the net equity of the portfolio (i.e., how much money you could withdraw if you were to exit all your positions). If you put $5,000 into your account and are long and short 50%, then you are long $2,500 and short $2,500.  If it's 100% and -100%, then long and short $5,000. ""Leverage"" is often computed gross (as if all positions were long).  So if you have 100% and -100%, then your broker may say you are ""levered 2 to 1.""  That is, your gross exposure is twice as large as your underlying base equity."
If the stock starts to go down DO NOT SELL!! My reasoning for this is because, when you talk about the stock market, you haven't actually lost any money until you sell the stock. So if you sell it lower than you bought it, you loose money. BUT if you wait for the stock to go back up again, you will have made money.
Thanks for the feedback. What area of finance are you currently in?  I've heard that RMI jobs are in demand right now as well, and I feel like that coupled with a background in computer science could really help.
Other people have pointed this out, but there are a few considerations in whether you should do a Roth or Traditional IRA, such as: One of the major arguments for using a Traditional IRA is that you can (at least in theory) afford to contribute more money initially than you'd be able to afford if you were using a Roth IRA. While this is, in theory, true, I'm not at all convinced that using a Traditional IRA will actually cause people to contribute more to it. Realistically, how many people will actually contribute, say, $500 more to their IRA because they knew that their contribution for this year will save them $500? To know if this is the case, consider the last time that you actually invested some of your tax refund in your retirement account; I haven't seen any actual statistics on this, but I'm guessing that very few people do this. Please see other people's answers for details on the mathematics behind that. The second argument for contributing to a Traditional IRA is if you expect your future income tax rate to be lower than your current tax rate for some reason - e.g. due to a change in government policy (e.g. replacing income taxes with Value Added Tax or something like that), the fact that you're doing the contribution relatively close to when you're planning on withdrawing it, etc. Please see this question for more discussion about this. Keep in mind that, while a Traditional IRA saves you tax money this year, a Roth IRA saves you money when you withdraw it, so it's not really a question of paying taxes on $5000 now or $5000 later, it's a question of paying taxes on $5000 now vs., for example, $50,000 later (or however much the money's grown by the time you withdraw it). Maybe the Traditional IRA is still worth it, though, if there are changes to tax policy or you end up with a lot more money in your Traditional IRA due to being able to contribute more.
"I believe you are looking for price forecasts from analysts. Yahoo provides info in the analyst opinions section: here is an example for Apple the price targets are located in the ""Price Target Summary"" section."
Not at all. I love McD's!  Their coffee beats the ever living shit out of Tim Horton's swill (yes, I'm Canadian). Their sandwiches, especially the McChicken, are great (though I think Wendy's makes a better burger). Their restaurants, particularly after the recent renovations, are clean, comfortable, and the staff are well trained.  Hating McD's is easy because they're so big, and have been so successful for so long.  They appeal to the masses, and no one wants to admit that they belong to that class.
If your father is still able to make financial decisions and sign contracts, I see a better option. Have your father borrow against his equity to finance the renovation.  Example: the house is worth 400 now. He can borrow 100 against that. He spends it on the addition, making the house worth 500, with the same 400 of equity as before. (In some cases, spending 100 might add 150 to the house value, but let's assume here the increase is just what was spent.) When he dies, the mortgage has to be repaid. If he has no other money (that the two of you would otherwise split) then the mortgage has to be repaid by the two of you putting in cash. So you pay your brother 250 (half the new total value of the house) but he gives 50 of that to the bank for the mortgage. You also give 50 of your own money to the bank for the mortgage. Net result: your brother has 200 (the same as if he had inherited half the unimproved house), and you have a 500 house after paying out 300. Your gain is also the same as if the house was unimproved. Now if the house went up 150 by spending 100, or went up 60 by spending 100, you and your brother would also be sharing this profit or loss. If you don't want that to happen, you will need a different agreement. The advantage of the approach I'm suggesting is you just need one appraisal after your father dies.  Not accounted for in this is that you lived (without paying rent) in your father's house for some time, and that you worked (without being paid) as a caregiver to your father for that time. Some families might think those two things balanced, others might feel you need to be compensated for caring for him, and others that you need to compensate the others for your benefit of living in the large house. Be sure to discuss this with your brother so that you agree in advance whether a plan is fair or not.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.taxresearch.org.uk/Blog/2017/07/17/the-world-does-not-have-a-debt-problem-it-has-a-wealth-inequality-problem-that-must-be-tackled-now/) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; It&amp;#039;s commonplace to say that the world has a debt problem.  &gt; The result is simple: we remain in the economic doldrums at best; income growth remains poor, whilst the stock of world savings grows outrageously and governments, as the borrowers of last resort for the savings of the world&amp;#039;s wealthy, have to continue to run deficits which they say curtails their opportunity to take action to redress any of the economic issues arising.  &gt; What is to be done about it? The answer is that if the world is facing such an enormous glut of savings then they have to be taxed as fast as possible to prevent they imbalances they create.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6o8ndo/the_world_does_not_have_a_debt_problem_it_has_a/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~170541 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **save**^#1 **growth**^#2 **debt**^#3 **economy**^#4 **money**^#5"
Yeah get a little raspberry-Pi sized device, drown that fucker in epoxy so it can't be removed and tampered with by some smart arse, and put some sort of shielding in there too, job done. If you need to update the software, beyond a certain point, slap in a new module.
Starvation is a highly disagreeable physical state people are well motivated to avoid. If one finds themselves in that state it is because something, perhaps circumstances, perhaps something else, prevents them from adding value to society. This is not a personal judgement of the individual, its reality.  His circumstances add no value to the egg. The egg would provide the same nutrition to the starving man as it would the fed man, and sustain each of them for exactly the same amount of time. The starving mans desire for food does not make him more willing to pay. It makes him willing to pay for smaller quantities of cheaper, poorer quality eggs. The well fed man is able to afford greater quatities and better qualities of egg, thus he is more willing to pay.
I'm concerned about your extreme focus on Roth. In today's dollars it would take nearly $2 million to produce enough of an annual withdrawal to fill the 15% bracket. If you are able to fund both 401(k)s and 2 IRAs (total $43K) you're clearly in the 25% bracket or higher. If you retire 100% with Roth savings, and little to no pretax money, you miss the opportunity to receive withdrawals at zero(1), 10, and 15% brackets. Missing this isn't much better than having too much pretax and being in a higher bracket at retirement.  One factor often overlooked is that few people manage a working life with no gaps. During times when income is lower for whatever reason, it's a great time to convert a bit to Roth.  (1)by zero bracket, I mean the combined standard deduction and exemptions. For two people this is currently (for 2017) $20,800 total. And it goes up a bit most years.
I am relative newbie in the financial market trading and as I understand it, the response from Victor is accurate in respect of trading CFD contracts. However, there is also the option to 'trade' through a financial spread betting platform which as its name suggests is purely a bet based upon the price of the underlying stock/asset. As such, I believe that your theory to short a stock just prior to its ex-dividend date may be worth investigating further... Apart from that, it's worthwhile mentioning that financial spread betting is officially recognised by HMRC as gambling and therefore not currently [2015/16] subject to capital gains tax. This info is given in good faith and must not be relied upon when making any investment and/or trading decision(s). I hope this helps you make a fortune - if it does; then please remember me!
"This has to do with the type of plan offered: is it a 401(k) plan or a profit-sharing plan, or both? If it's 401(k) I believe the IRS will see this distribution as elective and count towards the employee's annual elective contribution limit. If it's profit sharing the distribution would be counted toward the employer's portion of the limit. However -- profit sharing plans have a formula that's standard across the board and applied to all employees. i.e. 3% of company profits given equally to all employees. One of the benefits of the profit sharing plans is also that you can use a vesting schedule. I'd consult your accountant to see how this specifically impacts your business - but in the case you describe this sounds like an elective deferral choice by an employee and I don't see how (or why) you'd make this decision for them. Give them the bonus and let them choose how it's paid out. Edit: in re-reading your question it actually sounds like you're wanting to setup a profit sharing type situation - but again, heed what I said above. You decide the amount of ""profit"" - but you also have to set an equation that applies across the board. There is more complication to it than this brief explanation and I'd consult your accountant to see how it applies in your situation."
Echoing JohnF, and assuming you mean the physical, rather than abstract meaning of money?  The abstract concept obviously isn't replaced (unless the currency is discredited, or like the creation of the Euro which saw local currencies abandoned). The actual bits of paper are regularly collected, shredded (into itty-bitty-bits) and destroyed.  Coinage tends to last a lot longer, but it also collected and melted down eventually. Depends on the country, though.  No doubt, many people who took a gap year to go travelling in points diverse came across countries where the money is a sort of brown-grey smudge you hold with care in thick wadges. The more modern economies replace paper money on a dedicated cycle (around three years according to Wikipedia, anyway).
The main reason people go with lower interest accounts is for convenience of having the money in the same institution with other accounts (like checking, auto loans, credit cards, etc.) with their local bank. These online savings accounts are regulated by law to only allow 6 transfers out per month, so for people that need to make withdrawals more frequently, that can also be a factor. If someone has an account like this that is not part of their normal checking account, it can also be inconvenient to wait for an ACH to complete overnight before the funds are available in their main accounts. I certainly use a higher yielding account for my very short-term liquid savings.
"I am surprised by the term ""spoil"". My kids would argue that having to practice piano/violin for an hour every day is hard work. Ditto for science lessons and sports.   &gt;it's easy to spend it on yourself too.   I don't think so. Money spent on kids's education and personal development is an investment. Money spent on yourself... unless you are talking health and fitness, or professional education?"
LendingClub.com  I am an investor, 3 years now, and am making ~12%.  It takes a little savvy and some research, but I'm getting a far better return than any typical investment today.  As always, investors beware.  If you dump your money in and don't invest wisely, you'll get taken for a ride.
Elite Curbing is a team of professionals and operated from the United States that design and install custom decorative Lawn curbing and decorative concrete overlay. We provide the best service of related curbing with landscape curbing, Cement Curbing, Cement Lawn Edging and much more. We are committed to continuing to find out decorative landscape projects that can benefit our customers and embellish their homes. Our fully insured professionals work is quick and clean.
An inquiry to your credit report is a slight ding and lasts 2 years. I'd suggest that if you are playing the bonus game you watch your score closely, and if it drops below the level you'd like to maintain, hold off a while. Credit Karma offers a good simulation to show the impact of inquiries, utilization, new accounts, etc.
NO it was literally for one model while they needed a cheaper one before the model 3, this will never be part of their lineup again, and it was ONLY for a short period of time and ONLY on their cheapest car. Already discontinued, it's not what they do.
If someone decides to sign a contract and sell something at a loss and you are the end consumer, the fact that the manufacturer is losing money doesn't give you any moral or legal right to take it for free.   Nobody is saying it's right how it's done but until you are signing the contract that stipulates what you get for a movie it has nothing to do with you.
Since you mentioned that it is your close relative, he has never done enything dodgy and is wise with his money, then I would take it that you have some implicit trust in him. Now your options in this case are limited to either saying an outright no, which may impact familial ties adversely or to do as he has requested. One way could be to ask him for a mail requesting a short term loan and then transfer the money to his account. Then after a few days/weeks he repays the money back to your account. Now, this may or may not be 100% black & white depending on the legalities of your country but in most countries/cultures giving and taking of personal loans between friends/families is quite common.
I would say at about the same time as the US converts to having a public health system that covers everyone with very few people with private insurance.
Split the money 50/50. Split the costs 50/50.  Prioritize your relationship over a couple of dollars here and there.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2017/07/cold-war-espionage-paid-until-it-backfired-east-german-spy-records-reveal) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Deep in debt and struggling to provide for his family, Hans Rehder got an offer he couldn&amp;#039;t refuse: to steal key files from his employer, West German electronics firm Telefunken, for a monthly payoff from East German agents.  &gt; After controlling for the effects of trade and research and development, the team found that economic espionage boosted TFP growth in East Germany, helping it close the gap with West Germany by some 8.6% in 1989, they report in a working paper published by the Institute of Labor Economics, an economics research institute in Bonn, Germany.  &gt; &amp;quot;They basically quantified what I did [already] in a qualitative way.&amp;quot; Macrakis, who has argued that East German industrial espionage was ultimately a failure, says the next step is to look at how the stolen technology was integrated into individual East German firms, who often requested-and received-the stolen information.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6qykhk/cold_war_espionage_paid_offuntil_it_backfired/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~180676 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **East**^#1 **espionage**^#2 **economic**^#3 **Germany**^#4 **German**^#5"
You can also take a major credit card to almost any bank, walk up to the counter, and take a cash advance there as well.  Doing it at the counter will save you the ATM fee, though the bank may charge a processing fee so it could turn out more expensive.
This chart above is taken from a Credit Karma snapshot I used in an article titled Too Little Debt? 30% of your score is based on utilization and this portion is scored as the chart indicates. A 61-100% utilization should really be avoided, but once paid, your score does bounce back, real time.
The probably would not be used as much as you think. Currently some patents are nothing but assets. If a company has to spend money to keep a patent valid, patents go from assets to liabilities if they go unused.   It's very different from trademarks. There is often no reason to get rid of existing brand and when it is done it is at a huge cost. Trademarks are also not held onto just for the sake preventing another company from using them.
If you want to use Gmail with your Domain, you need to use Gmail for Business - https://gsuite.google.com/products/gmail/  Office 365 with email hosting - https://products.office.com/en-us/business/office-365-business-email-and-shared-calendar-services  You are looking for Email hosting with custom domain. Other than these two big providers, I would look into a bundle that the web hosting provider is offering along with the web hosting
Take your problem-solving skills to the next level while learning to build. Game design courses allow students to create their own unique virtual worlds with blocks of material mined from the ground. Children interested in games, such as video or computer games, and how they work may enjoy attending some Game Design Programs. These Game design programs &amp; courses give children a great opportunity to learn the basics of game design and computer programming. Checkout us online: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMqo2JM6mVE&amp;feature=youtu.be
"I have an indirect answer for you. It is not a numeric answer but it is a procedure. The challenge with paying taxes for an employee besides their share of Social security and Medicare is that you have no idea what their state and Federal taxes are.  Are they married, single, head of household? Is this their entire families income, or is it  extra money to make ends meet? What about state taxes?  It looks like you will need a W-4 from them.  As you know the IRS Tax topic 756 has all the info you need. Federal Income Tax Withholding You are not required to withhold federal income tax from wages you pay   to a household employee. However, if your employee asks you to   withhold federal income tax and you agree, you will need a completed   Form W-4 (PDF), Employee's Withholding Allowance Certificate from your   employee. See Publication 15, (Circular E), Employer's Tax Guide,   which has tax withholding tables that are updated each year.  Form W-2, Wage and Tax Statement If you must withhold and pay Social Security and Medicare taxes, or if   you withhold federal income tax, you will need to complete Form W-2   (PDF), Wage and Tax Statement, for each employee. You will also need a   Form W-3 (PDF), Transmittal of Wage and Tax Statement. See ""What Forms   Must You File?"" in Publication 926 (PDF) for information on when and   where to furnish and file these forms. To complete Form W-2 you will   need an employer identification number (EIN) and your employees'   Social Security numbers. If you do not already have an EIN, you can   apply for one using the online EIN application available on IRS.gov.   This service is available Monday through Friday, 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.   Eastern time. You can also apply for an EIN by mailing or faxing a   completed Form SS-4 (PDF), Application for Employer Identification   Number. International applicants may apply by calling 267-941-1099   (not a toll-free number) Monday through Friday, 6 a.m. to 11 p.m.   Eastern time to obtain their EIN. Refer to Topics 752 and 755 for   further information. Don't forget Federal Unemployment Tax. Pub 15 will have tables so you can determine how much you should have been withholding if you had gone that route. It will be easiest to use a spreadsheet to do the calculations so that what you gave them in their checks is their net pay not their gross. The tables are constructed under the assumption you know their gross pay."
"Apparently box 39 does not receive half of box 38 if ""The price of the share or unit is less than its fair market value when the agreement was made."" - the last point in paragraph 110(1)(d): *http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/tx/bsnss/tpcs/pyrll/bnfts/fnncl/scrty/stckpt03-eng.html#dspst The employee can claim a deduction under paragraph 110(1)(d) of the Income Tax Act if all of the following conditions are met:"
If you want to close the card, close it.  The impact on your credit score will be minimal, if any, and the impact on your life will likely be even less.  First, as you noted, the history from your card does not disappear when you close the card; it will stay on your credit report for as long as 10 years. By that time, you'll have many years of on-time payments from your other cards, and the loss of this one card won't be significant.  Because the card has a low credit limit, it won't have much effect on your credit utilization numbers, either.  Finally, your credit score might just be high enough that a small drop will have no impact on your financial life whatsoever.  In my opinion, hanging onto a credit card you don't want just to try to attain some type of high score is pointless. Close the card.
$500 should not have a massive impact on your credit. Why not at the beginning of each month buy a $500 prepaid Visa instead of using your credit card? That way you set a hard limit, but you still have the option of using credit in an emergency.
It's harder than you think.  Once card companies start seeing your debt to credit line ratios climb, they will slash your credit lines quickly. Also, cash credit lines are always much smaller, so in reality, such a scheme would require you to buy goods that can be converted to cash, which dilutes your gains and makes it more likely that you're going to get detected and busted. Think of the other problems. Where do you store your ill-gotten gains? How do you get the money out of the country? How will your actions affect your family and friends? Also, most people are basically good people -- the prospect of defrauding $100k, leaving family and friends behind and living some anonymous life in a third world country isn't an appealing one. If you are criminally inclined, building up a great credit history is not very practical -- most criminals are by nature reactive and want quick results.
The title of your question basically asks: What can I do? And you state this regarding the meeting and “advice” they gave towards criticism of their method: While this they also indoctrinated that you should avoid talking to   people talking bad about it (or say it is scam) because you gain no   money from them and they just want to destroy your business. First, you really cannot do anything to “save” your friend if they have bought this nonsense. You are right, it’s a scam. But past stating as such to your friend, there is not much you can do past shielding yourself. The reality is this: Any scenario you are in where you cannot ask basic questions and get a reasonable response or are given—at least—the option to walk away unscathed or uninsulated is basically a cult-like mentality. Simple as that. If the first thing someone tells you is “Don’t listen to others, just listen to me…” then you need to excuse yourself to go to the bathroom or something and just leave. From my personal experience meeting people who are successful and have power, they always—and I mean always—ask questions and are critical of things they invest in… Whether that investment is time, money or just basic mental energy. Rich people are just like you and me! Except they have more money so they can take bigger risks. Critical thinking and the ability to walk away from something are key life skills. Now others have talked salesman psychology which is on point. But here is something else you brought up in your question: He also wants to use his position as respected member of multiple   local youth and other communities to get their members as referals or   in his words “…to give them the oppurtunity to also simply earn   money.” Okay, so you can set personal boundaries between you and this clown, but you cannot stop him. But if he plans on targeting people and organizations in your community, you can warn them about him and his behavior and this scam. Chances are other people will know right away it’s a scam, but honestly if you feel the need to help others, that’s the most reasonable thing you can do to help them. But whatever you do, don’t take any of this emotional crap personally. If anything, maybe you can learn some reverse salesman techniques to get this “friend” to disengage. Such as only meeting with them in public and if they say something really vile to you, repeating what they said back to them as a question… Maybe even louder so everyone can hear. Remember a harsh reality of life: Public shaming can work to change someone’s behavior but you never want to do something like that unless you have utterly no choice. That last bit of advice is pretty harsh, but the reality is at some point you need to do something to “smack” reality into the situation.
"Check your broker's IPO list. Adding a new stock to a stock exchange is called ""Initial Public Offering"" (IPO), and most brokers have a list of upcoming IPO's in which their clients can participate."
We move pets to new homes in far away places. We have been in the pet moving business for over 26 years and can relocate all types of pet from one country to another. We are located near London's Heathrow Airport but through a network of worldwide agents so no matter where you are we can assist you with your pet moving requirement. Visit our site and get an online quote today!
"Depositing above $10,000 in cash into a bank automatically triggers warnings in the banks computer system, and reports are submitted to appropriate authorities. Every bank has to do its, it's the law. If you ""structure"" your deposits where you put in several cash deposits below $10,000 that's a crime and bank computers are very sensitive to picking up on that. They're so sensitive to structuring that innocent people get flagged by it all the time. So I recommend only depositing $6k or less of that money into banks. What do you want to do with the money?  If you want to use it to buy stuff in person at stores then I recommend just using it at the counter instead of credit cards. If you want to buy things online with it then I recommend bitcoin. It's anonymous, the IRS won't know it's yours, and it's easy to buy what you need with bitcoin. You can easily exchange bitcoin for cash among your neighbors using apps like PaxFul, LocalBitcoins, and BitQuick. They'll give you bitcoin which you'd load onto an app called a ""wallet"", for example Mycelium or Blockchain.info. You can buy just about anything online with bitcoin these days: from computers at newegg, to hotels at expedia, to airplane tickets at cheapair.com, to anything on amazon at 20% off using purse.io, or you can invest it by offer people around the world loans at BTCJam.com and they pay you back with interest. You can hold on to bitcoin as it grows in value, or you can donate it to any of the thousands of charities around the world who accept it. You can even use it to support presidential campaigns (at this time, only Rand Paul's campaign and Joe Biden's SuperPAC accept bitcoin)."
I don't blame them. Half the people will end up buying the cheap fake eclipse glasses and end up blind driving the Rental cars. Don't be stupid with your eyes. They're the only  👀 you've got. It will rain in the Southeast on eclipse day anyway.
ZeroHedge is valuable because it provides an alternative perspective. I rarely, if ever, agree with their conclusions or make investments motivated by them; but they are sometimes insightful and bring up datapoints of interest.  Most financial journalism is written by non-finance people; that's why it's so shitty and useless.
With an annual income of $120,000 you can be approved for a $2800 monthly payment on your mortgage. The trickier problem is that you will save quite a bit on that mortgage payment if you can avoid PMI, which means that you should be targeting a 20% down-payment on your next purchase. With a $500,000 budget for a new home, that means you should put $100,000 down. You only have $75,000 saved, so you can either wait until you save another $25,000, or you can refinance your current property for $95k+ $25k = $120k which would give you about a $575 monthly payment (at 30 years at 4%) on your current property. Your new property should be a little over $1,900 per month if you finance $400,000 of it. Those figures do not include property tax or home owners insurance escrow payments. Are you prepared to have about $2,500 in mortgage payments should your renters stop paying or you can't find renters?  Those numbers also do not include an emergency fund. You may want to wait even longer before making this move so that you can save enough to still have an emergency fund (worth 6 months of your new higher expenses including the higher mortgage payment on the new house.) I don't know enough about the rest of your expenses, but I think it's likely that if you're willing to borrow a little more refinancing your current place that you can probably make the numbers work to purchase a new home now. If I were you, I would not count on rental money when running the numbers to be sure it will work. I would probably also wait until I had saved $100,000 outright for the down-payment on the new place instead of refinancing the current place, but that's just a reflection of my more conservative approach to finances. You may have a larger appetite for risk, and that's fine, then rental income will probably help you pay down any money you borrow in the refinancing to make this all worth it.
Lol TL:DR. your first point is completely wrong so I stopped at the wall of text. Get over it buddy, you lost the argument. No country simultaniously purchased and sold its own debt, like we have this past several years in the US. So, shut the fuck up already. loser.
I misspoke, but really when you look at the exact same securities what other advantage does a fund have over a moderately wealthy investor than leverage and  managerial clout? That and professional analysts can only give you so much of an edge.
Here are some ideas:
I was just talking about this with my father in law.  When the min wage was about $1.50 a hour, going camping at a state park for a night was just over $1 a night.   Now, where we live, it's often $20 a night just for a campsite in a state park.  Min wage is $7.25.    My family paid $400 for a Beta vcr in 1980.  Single income family, factory worker, blue collar job.  Could someone do that today, adjusting for inflation?  Absolutely not.
Don't buy the first model year of a new model unless the fuel economy is much better in the latest model.  Buying a car in later years just before the changeover will result in a slightly higher quality vehicle or in some cases dramatically higher quality. Find the best forum for your make/model/year of car.  Join the forum, check the FAQ, sticky threads and post questions when you have trouble.  Do NOT rely passively on the dealer or even private mechanics as they do not drive the car every day.  You are in the best position to identify problems but only if you have some help.   Preventive maintenance is the best if you intend to keep the car for a really long time.  Forums are a really good place to find the typical problems of a particular model and potentially head them off.
They know a growth market when they see one.   And the funny thing is, if they actually applied their skills to the marketing of healthful products - without adulterating them - it might actually work.   Chances of that happening: not large, but an interesting possibility for the inspired entrepreneur with ast food experience.
"The majority (about 80%) of mutual funds are underperforming their underlying indexes. This is  why ETFs have seen massive capital inflows compared to equity funds, which have seen significant withdrawals in the last years.  I would definitively recommend going with an ETF. In addition to pure index based ETFs that (almost) track broad market indexes like the S&P 500 there are quite a few more ""quant"" oriented ETFs that even outperformed the S&P. I am long the S&P trough iShares ETFs and have dividend paying ETFs and some quant ETFS on top (Invesco Powershares) in my portfolio."
Slightly abbreviated version of the guidance from NOLO.com California state law limits credit check or application screening fees landlords  can charge prospective tenants and specifies what landlords must do when accepting these types of fees. (Cal. Civ. Code § 1950.6.)  Here are key provisions: I am not a lawyer, but it would seem you have two options if you catch a landlord violating these rules. An idea to avoid the whole problem in the first place: Get a copy of your credit report yourself and take a copy with you to meet the landlord. If they want an application fee, ask why they need it making it clear you know the above law. If they say for a credit report offer to give them a copy in lieu of the fee.
So would it be more sensible to park the money in 3 separate fixed deposits created each month or to invest this money as usual in debt and mutual funds and instead just liquidate the recurring deposit and use it to pay my taxes in July? Most taxes would already have been paid by March 31. So what you are talking here is less than Rs 10,000/- of taxes. The optimization you are looking at is very small and you are better of choosing one that is more convenient.
"In that case, he was not arrested for being unable to pay his bill. He received a summons to court, failed to appear, and so a warrant was issued for his arrest. The $350 was his bail amount, which is funds that must be provided to the court in order to be released while pending trial (you get this money back once you appear before court). He also wasn't convicted of a crime and sentenced to jail in this case, just arrested. He would be ""kept"" by the courts (if he couldn't post bail) until his court date as a way of being forced to appear. If a judgement was awarded against him, it still doesn't always mean he has to pay. If someone refuses to pay a judgement (but did show up to court) then typically their wages are garnished, which means the court orders that a certain amount of money be withheld from income, tax refunds, etc. until the judgement is paid. However, if the person ordered to pay can prove that they would not be able to have sufficient money to survive if they are garnished (I'm not a lawyer so I am unclear as to the exact process/standards) then there is a chance that nothing will be garnished at all.  So in short, no, there is no such thing as debtor's prison in the USA. There is definitely such a thing as being arrested / put in jail for defying court orders, and I'm sure if you took out loans while knowing you have no ability to repay them that you might be able to be charged with some sort of fraud, but just not being able to pay your bills doesn't mean you can go to jail. Of course, there is very little protecting you from simply running out of money and becoming homeless, but that's not your question."
"I think the answer to how much you ""should"" spend depends on a few more questions: Once you answer these questions I think you'll have a better idea of what you should spend. If you have no financial goals then what kind of car you buy doesn't really matter. But if your goals are to build and accumulate wealth both in the short and long term then you should know that, by the numbers, a car is terrible financial investment. A new car loses thousands of dollars in value the moment you drive it off the lot. Buy the cheapest, reliable commuter you can ($5k or less) and use the extra money to pay off your debts. Then once your debts are paid off start investing that money. If you continue this frugal mindset with your other purchases (what house to buy, what food to eat, what indulgences to indulge in, etc...) and invest a bit, I think you'll find it pretty easy to create a giant amount of wealth."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-40934138) reduced by 61%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The average price of a home in the UK went up by nearly &amp;pound;2,000 to &amp;pound;223,000 in June, according to official figures.  &gt; The Office for National Statistics figures show the wide variation in price movements across the UK. In the month of June, the average price of London home fell &amp;pound;3,000 to &amp;pound;482,000, while a house in the North East of England gained &amp;pound;2,000 to &amp;pound;130,000.  &gt; The biggest change was in Orkney where the average price is 28% higher than a year ago at &amp;pound;148,000.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6txyxk/house_price_growth_holding_steady/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~191667 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **price**^#1 **average**^#2 **while**^#3 **June**^#4 **London**^#5"
Healthcare for the employee is more valuable to the employer than is providing healthcare for the rest of the family members.  Depending on the family situation, you're going to see significant differences in price between out of pocket costs for insurance of just the employee, vs cost for insuring the entire family.  This is because in the first instance the insurance is more subsidized by the company (as a percentage of the total cost).   The costs to the company for insuring just the individual (mid-career) are in the neighborhood of $5000 per year.  If this is all that's being negotiated (single person coverage) then I would use that amount as a baseline.
To be fair, it could go completely tits up, so don't buy more than you can afford to lose.  That being said, I'm a huge crypto evangelist, but I tend to stick to Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash. Ethereum is trying to solve a problem that isn't there by adding the programming language to the base code. I think Bitcoin has a better approach by leaving the base code simple and adding layers like TCP/IP did. But Ethereum is the #2 crypto in the world right now so maybe I'm wrong.
This link does it ok:  http://investexcel.net/1979/calculate-historical-volatility-excel/ Basically, you calculate percentage return by doing stock price now / stock price before.  You're not calculating the rate of return hence no subtraction of 100%.  The standard is to do this on a daily basis: stock price today / stock price yesterday. The most important and most misunderstood part is that you now have to analyze the data geometrically not arithmetically.  To easily do this, convert all percentage returns with the natural log, ln(). Next, you take the standard deviation of all of those results, and apply exp().  This answers the title of your question. For convenience's sake, it's best to annualize since volatility (implied or statistical) is now almost always quoted annualized.  There are ~240 trading days each year.  You multiply your stdev() result by (240 / # of trading days per return) ^ 0.5, so if you're doing this for daily returns, multiply the stdev() result by 240^0.5; if you were doing it weekly, you'd want to multiply by (240 / ~5)^0.5; etc.  This is your number for sigma.  This answers the intent of your question. For black-scholes, you do not convert anything back with exp(); BS is already set up for geometric analysis, so you need to stay there. The reason why analysis is done geometrically is because the distribution of stock returns is assumed to be lognormal (even though it's really more like logLaplace).
The only ways to increase your after-tax income are to increase your tax-deferred savings (401k), increase your tax deductions, or increase your pre-tax income. Increasing tax-deferred savings is great for the long term, but will usually not result in a bigger paycheck (though net pay including the savings will go up). This is, however, probably your best bet for reducing current tax liability. Increasing deductions usually involves spending money--on charity, mortgage interest, other taxes, etc. So, while you may reduce your tax liability, you probably won't end up with more money in your pocket. Also, if you are single and aren't paying a mortgage, it probably won't be easy to exceed the Standard Deduction. Which pretty much leaves you with asking for a raise, getting a better paying job, or taking on a second job to increase your top-line income.
"It really depends on the exact wording of that zero rate offer.  Some specifically state they are to be used for paying other debt. Others will have wording such as ""pay other debt or write yourself a check to pay for that next vacation, or new furniture.""  Sorry, it's back on you to check this out in advance."
In the United States you can't, because the average millennial in the United States has no opportunity to save money. Either you get a college education, then you will be burdened with a student loan. The cost of college education skyrocketed in the past decades. It is now practically impossible to enter the workforce without a huge debt, unless you are one of the lucky few who has rich and generous parents. Or you skip college. But college is the only way in the United States to obtain a generally accepted qualification, so you won't get any job which pays enough to save any money. As soon as that student loan is paid off, you need to get another loan for you house which you pay off for several decades. As soon as the house debt is paid off, you will be old and develop some medical problems. The medical bills will come in and you will be in debt again. So when in their life are millennials supposed to save money?
Moreover to make items easier, company owners can uncover several expert neighborhood company listing support providers inside the industry nowadays. The professionals support increases the effects of [local business listing](http://come2ourdeals.com.au) with the aid of Seo Google Maps and numerous others. Why is that this crucial? Given below would be the 5 rewards.
"Not so much the money.  The *productivity* has been spread around.  Productivity used to be the sole province of the ""first world"" nations.  Then things like CAD/CAM made is possible to produce almost anything anywhere.  250 million middle class Chinese people didn't just happen because a trillion dollars were airlifted into Beijing.  It happened because whole industries collapsed in the first world and moved to China.  On aggregate people are better off, on aggregate.  But if you're in, say, textiles in the US then it looks like a really shitty deal.  So ""money"" didn't go away.  Commerce didn't evaporate.  Production (and resulting productivity) moved and spread out with some areas getting hurt and others gaining."
&gt; I don't think you are trying to understand my position  I'm trying to find out if we can agree on truth claims. We (probably) have numerous disagreements. Can we agree that some of the people who do not like the current job market have the option of trying to start a new business?
"Accounts track value: at any given time, a given account will have a given value. The type of account indicates what the value represents. Roughly: On a balance sheet (a listing of accounts and their values at a given point in time), there is typically only one equity account, representing net worth, I don't know much about GNUCash, though. Income and expenses accounts do not go on the balance sheet, but to find out more, either someone else or the GNUCash manual will have to describe how they work in detail. Equity is more similar to a liability than to assets. The equation Assets = Equity + Liabilities should always hold; you can think of assets as being ""what my stuff is worth"" and equity and liabilities together as being ""who owns it."" The part other people own is liability, and the part you own is equity. See balance sheet, accounting equation, and double-entry bookkeeping for more information. (A corporate balance sheet might actually have more than one equity entry. The purpose of the breakdown is to show how much of their net worth came from investors and how much was earned. That's only relevant if you're trying to assess how a company has performed to date; it's not important for a family's finances.)"
Alexa doesn't work worth beans outside of the U.S. They've purposefully geo-limited the thing, and it's not all that smart to begin with. Are we sure this piece from the Verge wasn't sponsored by Amazon? It reads like an ad.  Edit: a word
I don't have all the answers. On a illiquid stock, such situations do arise and there are specific mechanisms used by exchanges to match the order. It is generally not advisable to use market order on illiquid stock. There are lots of different variations here. I guess this comes down to specifications for individual exchanges, but I'm wondering if there's a standard here or a way to approach it from basic rules that clears up all these situations. There are quite a few variations and different treatments. Market order that are placed when the market is closed or just around market opening are traded at Market Open price that each exchange has a formulae to calculate. In the process Market Buy are matched to Market Sell at the Exchange calculated price. Not all order get matched and there could be spill over's. These are then matched to limit orders. Is this determined based on which sell order came first, or based on which would result in the best deal for the incoming buyer? Generally Market orders have highest priority of execution.
"Seems pretty shady. From what I could guess, your dad ""hid"" or ""lost"" the money, so as to not pay capital gains on it. Even though he'd use the money to build houses or whatever, he'd have to pay taxes on it (as income). To get out of paying said taxes, the money would essentially have to disappear. This isn't super common, but it sort of is possible to move funds to other places around the world, or to keep cash that no one knows about (watch the Swiss bank part of Wolf of Wall Street or just read up about illegal money laundering, like gangs and such do). So possibly, your dad could launder the money over the next several years. If I were you, I'd just stay quiet and mind my own business."
Stock exchanges have been undergoing a period of consolidation for the past hundred years for the exact reasons you mentioned. The existence of digital trading, harmonized laws and regulations, and fewer relevant currencies have made it more practical for mergers and acquisitions between exchanges. Stock exchanges are most often times private companies that compete with other exchanges, so that also promotes the existence of many exchanges.
"&gt; I'm not sure there will ever be some moment in my life where a person walks up and asks me to install a cybernetic arm and I have to debate the merits. They will develop alongside the culture like most innovations.  There'll be a moment when you see an advertisement for a cybernetic arm and you think ""nah, too flimsy, too expensive, too many problems.""  Then there'll be a moment, years later, when you talk to a co-worker who got one and you think ""too expensive, not enough features.""  Then there'll be this bit, years later, where your friend shows his new arm off to you and you think ""hmm, if only it had X and Y.""  And then, years later, there'll be a point where you go and get a cybernetic arm."
"I think the important fact here is that all of our currencies are Fiat Currencies. So currency technically means nothing, because (as you mentioned) the country could print more any time it wants. Now what makes it useful is the combination of two big things: So I would say, we know they owe us 100 ""dollars"", and the dollar is just a word we use to represent value. It is not technically worth anything, beyond the fact that the government controls the amount of that currency in circulation and you trust that people still want more of that currency."
"As I said, I try to eat local. Instead of going to applebees I'll hit the diner or hole in the wall burrito joint. Twice the food for half the price, and it's orders of magnitude better, both in terms of freshness and flavor. It also supports friends/neighbors/local economy. There are a number of local establishments that get my business over big box / national chains.  I don't think the ""applebees"" food type is below millenials experience-wise, I actually think it's not up to their standards from health expecations, tbh - maybe I'm missing what you're saying though. Millenials in general have been raised to have higher food standards and expectations (the entitlement gen?) where quality and health matter. At least, that's how it is in my neck of the woods.  A CiCi's pizza opened up a few years ago, and we visited often. Pizza was eh, but all you can eat for 6 bucks? Sure, why not. A Saladworks opened next door around the same time. Guess which one is still there... hint - it's not the pizza, despite it being more product for a lower price than literally anything at the salad place."
Why does it take two weeks (from ex-date) for dividends to pay out? For logistical and accounting purposes. This article says on the payment date: This date is generally a week or more after the date of record so that the company has sufficient time to ensure that it accurately pays all those who are entitled. It is for the same reasons that there is a often a two-week period between the time an employee submits her time sheet and the employee's pay date. The company needs time to set and send the payment while minimizing accounting errors.
Close the account.  The age doesn't outweigh the fact that you have to pay for the card.  It would be one thing if the credit line was a couple thousand but showing the credit bureaus that you are staying away from the $425.00 doesn't really make them think you are any more trustworthy with your available credit.  Utilization matters when you are staying away from much larger chunks of your available credit (across all cards).
"So you are ok with ""say one thing and actually do another""?   Right up there with Trump: ""Jobs, Trade and Immigration""...there needs to be reforms and action on all of these issues; but he isn't the person to do it."
&gt; It assumes there is a limit on the potential to create wealth.  There is a limit.  [The recent CBO evaluation of President Trump's budget](https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52846) drives that point home.  &gt; It also assumes that we equally share in all things regardless of efforts towards the goal.  No, that is just your [straw man argument](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straw_man).
Bankrupting them isn't going to help anyone. They should be kept alive and forced to provide everyone with free lifetime credit monitoring.  I actually just enrolled in their trustedid this morning for my one year trial and it SHOULD be a lifetime service I get for free.  Frozen credit files should become the norm and you should be notified via text if someone wants to access your file at which point you can text back YES or NO (much like current fraud alerts).  There is actually a lot that can and should be done. I'm worried that nothing is actually going to change because the government is moving very slowly here and people quickly forget about this stuff.
I have friends that have to buy very large shirts. A plain red pocketed shirt in their size costs at least $20 at a physical store if they even carry their size.  You just can't beat the options and price an online retailer can offer.
"Assuming you are referring to macro corrections and crashes (as opposed to technical crashes like the ""flash crash"") -- It is certainly possible to sell stocks during a market drop -- by definition, the market is dropping not only because there are a larger number of sellers, but more importantly because there are a large number of transactions that are driving prices down. In fact, volumes are strongly correlated with volatility, so volumes are actually higher when the market is going down dramatically -- you can verify this on Yahoo or Google Finance (pick a liquid stock like SPY and look at 2008 vs recent years). That doesn't say anything about the kind of selling that occurs though. With respect to your question ""Whats the best strategy for selling stocks during a drop?"", it really depends on your objective. You can generally always sell at some price. That price will be worse during market crashes. Beyond the obvious fact that prices are declining, spreads in the market will be wider due to heightened volatility. Many people are forced to sell during crashes due to external and / or psychological pressures -- and sometimes selling is the right thing to do -- but the best strategy for long-term investors is often to just hold on."
I'm pretty sure using it wastes a lot of man-hours in the economy.  Handling money isn't cheap.  Handling pennies is asinine.  We should probably get rid of nickels and quarters too just to do away with the last decimal place, just dimes and a (smaller than current) half-dollar.
"New car loans, used car loans, and refinances have different rates because they have different risks associated with them, different levels of ability to recoup losses if there is a default, and different customer profiles.  (I'm assuming third party lender for all of these questions, not financing the dealer arranges, as that has other considerations built into it.) A new car loan is both safer to some extent (as the car is a ""known"" risk, having no risk of damage/etc. prior to purchase), but also harder to recoup losses (because new cars immediately devalue significantly, while used cars keep more of their value).  Thus the APRs are a little different; in general for the same amount a new car will be a bit lower APR, but of course used car loans are typically lower amounts. Refinance is also different; customer profile wise, the customer who is refinancing in these times is likely someone who is a higher risk (as why are they asking for a loan when they're mostly paid off their car?).  Otherwise it's fairly similar to a used car, though probably a bit newer than the average used car."
Typically the least formal agreement for any type of lending is a Promisory Note (of which you can find plenty across the web, although I'd suggest picking up a Nolo book from the library and using their templates -- I think the book holding your type of form would be the Personal Legal forms Book). Still, $10k is a very large amount of money to lend to a friend and he probably is better off going to a bank and asking for an unsecured line of credit (not a credit card, but rather a general loan) and doing the money that way because typically that amount of money is small to the bank and they will already have the licenses/assets in place to handle collateral and such (which can be very tricky to do on your own).
BMK Imports &amp; Domestic is one of the most reliable and preferred places for all kind of auto, auto body and collision repair in Chicago IL. We are in the business since 2010, but most of us have many years of professional experience in this industry! Our staff is licensed, well trained and skilled, ready to face even the most biggest auto problems. We use the latest technology available on the market, top quality professional tools and products. This combined with the skills of our staff, can repair your car in no time and bring back the original state of it. We can handle with almost all models of cars, trucks and motors. If you have more questions about our services or anything else, you can contact us at:  Phone: (773) 327-6652 or visit our auto repair shop at address: 946 W Wrightwood Ave, Chicago IL 60614
True Financial is your lender of choice for online auto title loans in California. Car Title Loans can be arrange with minimal fuss, low hassle and low documentation. There are number of easy ways for you to finance through us and lead the way in making fast, cost effective title loans to help you. Best of all you get to keep your car to enjoy as you usually do.
STEP #1. Get a copy of whatever you have signed, this is the most important step. STEP #2. Find a reference to the landlord/tenant laws for you city, county and or state if there are any. STEP #3. Google for a tenants union in your city, state or county. ie, Washington State Tenants Union STEP #4. Try get a free consultation, or an affordable consultation with a lawyer in your area who specializes in tenant law. STEP #5. Between the tenant laws for you, and the limits of what you have signed try to negotiate a cancellation of the contract, if you are bound by it.
"&gt; My uncle ran a horrible pizza shop downtown. The trick was the heroin business on the side.  I have often wondered about stuff like that.  Especially when I see strip malls out in the middle of suburban/rural areas with stores like ""Candles, etc"" or ""GitUrWallpaperHere"" -- I mean I can understand that in some large metropolitan shopping mall they *might* generate enough walk-in traffic to support a specialty candle or wallpaper store...   But in a rural town with a total population of maybe 5,000 people (and possibly 10,000 if you include every home in the townships around it) well I just can't see the numbers working out... especially since you never see anyone else IN the store, and the clerk always seems so totally uninterested in even trying to sell anything that it's kind of creepy.  On the other hand if you posit it as a ""cash"" based retail money laundering front, for some drug business... well then it suddenly makes sense.  EDIT: and with a pizza shop... well, they can even have a delivery service... right out in the open."
"What ever you convert from the 401(k) will be subject to tax.  The bigger issue is that there's no ""do over"" no ability to recharacterize the conversion if when you do your taxes, you realize you need to undo some. I'd suggest transferring from the 401(k) to the traditional IRA first and then convert, just bring aware of the prorata taxation that will be due."
FYI: GM has an earnings announcement on April 24th. I think you were trying to create a safe trade by profiting if GM's price fell within a  probable range.  The chart of the Iron Condor captures just about a standard deviation of movement.  So as long as GM is between 31.28 - 37.22 in 34 days you keep the max profit of $110.  Note this trade is a net credit, when placing it you get $110 less fees.  Also by selling the deep in the money call I take it you were trying to make the most of your capital. The chart below shows a standard covered call compared to short put vertical.  Note the short put vertical simulates the covered call position and it is a net credit trade as well.  When you drop the order you get $111 less fees.
I'd look into ShareBuilder.  You can buy stocks for as low as $2 each, and there is no minimum funding level. You have to be carefull about selling though, as they will charge you $10 each time you want to sell a stock, regardless of how much of it you want to sell.
I have been asking myself a similar question about the financial statements of Weyerhaeuser. In response to Dheer's comment, whilst treasury shares are treated as a negative, it is issued shares less treasury shares (the negative) which gives the outstanding shares. So the original query remains unanswered. I've searched several sources and all state that outstanding shares will never be greater than issued shares.  I've realized that the shares referred to are those authorized followed by those issued and outstanding (current year and prior year respectively) i.e. the shares that are both issued and outstanding as they must be issued in order to be outstanding This is supported in the example of Weyerhaeuser as there was a large increase in shares during Q1 2016 as a result of their merger with Plum Creek. Shares issued and outstanding are 510 million and 759 million respectively.
First, radon is common in some areas of New Jersey.  Before you back out of this house, you should consider if you can find a different place to live that does not have a radon issue.   You should be able to find someone who does radon testing specifically.  Such a company should be able to check that neither the gas nor the particulates (on walls, etc.) are present in the house after the mitigation.  Apparently checking the water is possible as well.  If such a test fails and the seller does not do more mitigation, that would be grounds for withdrawing from the contract.   Since radon is common in New Jersey, it is likely that the contingencies are written such that the seller offering to mitigate is enough to keep you in the contract.  You would have to ask a lawyer to be sure.   In general, contingencies are based on the offer you made, which is a contract.  If you wanted radon to be a deal breaker, then you should have written the offer that way.  Left to themselves, real estate agents will offer mitigation instead.  This is because they get paid a commission on the sale.  No sale; no commission.  Obviously too late for this house, but in the future, you may want to be more careful about this.   Radon mitigation is common and costs in the $1000-$3000 range.  One estimate in that link suggests that $1300 is the minimum with required fees, etc.   If your offer is not written to allow you to walk away if there is a radon issue, you will probably lose your deposit if you walk away.  You can also try to be extra picky about your contingencies.  In particular, they have to show you that they have mitigated the radon problem.  If you can find something that indicates that they have not, then you can get more mitigation.  If they either fail to respond or choose not to respond, that could allow you to withdraw from the deal without losing your deposit.   There usually aren't additional problems beyond losing your deposit from walking away.  But again, this depends on the offer contract.  This is really something that a lawyer should read.
&gt; (Wouldn't renewable investment be) A positive even if climate change is not REAL?!?!  No, have a look at [the broken window fallacy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parable_of_the_broken_window).  Regardless, there is no reason to stoop to this level.  Global warming exists and the evidence is unequivocal.  Anyone who disagrees are profiting from maintaining the status quo or are victims of the propaganda from the former.
&gt; Texas didn't create jobs, it moved jobs. Corporations moved workers to Texas due to the lure of poverty wages for   Texas created many jobs, and one way of job creation is to make it pleasant for business and entrepreneurs to flourish. They don't flourish with high taxes and crippling regulations which protect big corporations over small businesses. They will flee those places and move to states or countries that are easier to do business, survive and prosper. **A very basic economic principle at work: Talent and capital always will flow toward higher returns.**  &gt; Cutting taxes doesn't raise revenue.  It does raise revenue over the longer run as people become more prosperous and businesses grow faster. The US is $17+ trillion in national debt. The shadow debt is much bigger.  Taxes are wasted and Americans are indebted by the welfare state. In 2012 an alarming 22 million households received food-stamps.
"The suggestions towards retirement and emergency savings outlined by the other posters are absolute must-dos.  The donations towards charitable causes are also extremely valuable considerations. If you are concerned about your savings, consider making some goals.  If you plan on staying in an area long term (at least five years), consider beginning to save for a down payment to own a home.  A rent-versus-buy calculator can help you figure out how long you'd need to stay in an area to make owning a home cost effective, but five years is usually a minimum to cover closing costs and such compared to rending. Other goals that might be worthwhile are a fully funded new car fund for when you need new wheels, the ability to take a longer or nicer vacation, a future wedding if you'd like to get married some day, and so on.  Think of your savings not as a slush fund of money sitting around doing nothing, but as the seed of something worthwhile. Yes, you will only be young once.  However being young does not mean you have to be Carrie from Sex in the City buying extremely expensive designer shoes or live like a rapper on Cribs.  Dave Ramsey is attributed as saying something like, ""Live like no one else so that you can live like no one else.""  Many people in their 30s and 40s are struggling under mortgages, perhaps long-left-over student loan debt, credit card debt, auto loans, and not enough retirement savings because they had ""fun"" while they were young.  Do you have any remaining debt?  Pay it off early instead of saving so much. Perhaps you'll find that you prefer to hit that age with a fully paid off home and car, savings for your future goals (kids' college tuitions, early retirement, etc.).  Maybe you want to be able to afford some land or a place in a very high cost of living city. In other words - now is the time to set your dreams and allocate your spare cash towards them.  Life's only going to get more expensive if you choose to have a family, so save what you can as early as possible."
"You don't ""deduct"" transaction fees, but they are included in your cost basis and proceeds, which will affect the amount of gain/loss you report. So in your example, the cost basis for each of the two lots is $15 (10$ share price plus $5 broker fee).  Your proceeds for each lot are $27.50 (($30*2 - $5 )/2).  Your gain on each lot is therefore $12.50, and you will report $12.50 in STCG and $12.50 in LTCG in the year you sold the stock (year 3).   As to the other fees, in general yes they are deductible, but there are limits and exceptions, so you would need to consult a tax professional to get a correct answer in your specific situation."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/10/israel-engages-water-apartheid-171013110734930.html) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; &amp;quot;In reality, Israel doesn&amp;#039;t want us to live here any more We just want the Israelis to let us extract our own water.""  &gt; Mekorot, Israel&amp;#039;s national water company, dug deep into the mountain aquifer, and by the end of the 1970s, Israel had extracted so much water that the springs in Bardala and Ein al-Beida had dried up.  &gt; &amp;quot;The level of unrestricted access to water enjoyed by those residing in Israel and Israeli settlers demonstrates that resources are plentiful, and that the lack of sufficient water for Palestinians is a direct result of Israel&amp;#039;s discriminatory policies in water management.""   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/77x7fl/how_israel_engages_in_water_apartheid/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~232762 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Water**^#1 **Israeli**^#2 **Palestinian**^#3 **farms**^#4 **Israel**^#5"
"The difference between an American and European option is that the American option can be exercised at any time, whereas the European option can be liquidated only on the settlement date. The American option is  ""continuous time"" instrument, while the European option is a ""point in time"" instrument. Black Scholes applies to the latter, European, option. Under ""certain"" (but by no means all) circumstances, the two are close enough to be regarded as substitutes. One of their disciples, Robert Merton, ""tweaked"" it to describe American options. There are debates about this, and other tweaks, years later."
I Usually would not say this but if you can just put down 20% I would do that and get a 15 year mortgage.  The rates are so low on 15 year mortgage that you should be able to make more than the 3% in the market per year and make some money.  I wouldn't be surprised if for 1/2 of the term of your loan you will be able to make that just in interest.  Basically I have done this for my house and my rental properties.  So I have put my money where my mouth is on this.   I have made over 9% each of the last three years which has made me $12,000 dollars above and beyond over what I would have paid in interest per year.  So it a decision that net me $36,000 for doing nothing.  Now the market is going to be down some of those years so lets see how it works out but I have history on my side.  Its not about timing the market its about time in the market.  And 15 years in the market is a pretty safe bet albeit not as safe as just dumping you money in the mortgage.
Department store cards will appear on your credit report and is often much easier to get approved for. All my friends that have applied for a Macy's card have always been approved. If you are new to the country, department store cards are a great way to build history. Target and Nordstroms are two other department stores to look at. Target is my first suggestion since they carry every day items and will be easy to consistently put charges on the card to build credit history.
Well yeah, that's why they put the disclaimer on the article, so people could know and judge accordingly. That's evidence of good journalism, not bad.  That conflict also doesn't negate Wapo's good track record, and the fact that that track record is one of its best selling points. I don't think Amazon would sacrifice that cheaply; definitely not as a cheapshot on some objectively bad pitch videos.
There are PABs (Private Activity Bonds) for the smaller market issues, but you basically need a local government to act as the conduit issuer. There are a whole host of other requirements but it is a way to potentially get tax-exempt rates or get access to the taxables market.
Their aggressive takeover tactics? However, to be honest I don't know what the others are like. I'm fortunate enough to have drinking water from the tap. Which I bottle myself. I'll sell you a bottle 20% cheaper then nestle if you'd like
You can easily build a Google Sheet spreadsheet to track what you want as Sheet has a 'googlefinance()' function to look-up the same prices and data you can enter and track in a Google Finance portfolio, except you can use it in ways you want. For example, you can track your purchase price at a fixed exchange rate, track the current market value as the product of the stock's price times the floating exchange rate, and then record your realized profit and loss using another fixed exchange rate.  You don't have to record the rates either, as googlefinance() func is able to lookup prices as of a particular date. You can access Google Sheet through a web browser or Android app.
CreditKarma review I don't personally use HelloWallet, but I have also heard very good things about it. Independence from financial products is a HUGE thing in the field because so many investment advisers place the firm before the customer (c.f. Too Big To Fail), so having an independent resource is a huge benefit.
I have been looking into CMEs trading tool. I might just play around with futures on it. You make a good point on that though. I am reading Hull's book on options, futures and derivatives, and so far so good. Only thing I would want to test is options on futures, which is missing :( .
"&gt; Sessions has literally said, ""I thought those KKK guys were fine until I found out they smoked pot.""  He may well be a racist, but it's hard to imagine taking that comment seriously.  *Barry Kowalski and Albert Glenn, attorneys at the Justice Department, testified that they heard Sessions make the KKK comment but had considered it a joke. Kowalski even retold Sessions’s comment to other people “as a story in a humorous vein.” He said: “When working on a case such as this one, a brutal murder and a hanging, those that work on it sometimes do resort to operating room humor and that is what I considered it to be at the time.”*  *Later in the hearings, Sessions said Figures’s assertion that Sessions seriously made the comment is “ludicrous.” “I had just learned that the investigation had revealed that the Klansmen had left some meeting, and gone to another one, and smoked pot. The comment ridiculed the Klan. I detest the Klan.”*  There do seem to be a considerable number of claims that he has said or acted in racist ways though (though he denies it): https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/12/02/jeff-sessionss-comments-on-race-for-the-record/ (previous quote from that source also)"
"Winnings are taxed in the year you receive payment.  Period.  Constructive requires an unqualified right to receive immediate payment.  One qualification is that lottery tickets must be verified.  Large winners usually have to wait a day or two, which voids the ""immediate payment"" clause.  Here's an extreme example:  If you don't cash the ticket until July after you've already filed your income taxes, is the state going to issue a retroactive W2G?  That's kinda hard when the IRS requires that tax reporting be received by January 31st.  Which year do you get to deduct the state income taxes paid/withheld? Benton"
Firstly, going short on a stock and worrying if the price suddenly gaps up a lot due to good news is the same as being long on a stock and worrying that the price will suddenly collapse due to bad news. Secondly, an out of the money call option would be cheaper than an in the money call option, in fact the further out of the money the cheaper the premium will be, all other things being equal. So a good risk management strategy would be to set your stop orders as per your trading plan and if you wish to have added protection in case of a large gap is to buy a far out of the money call option. The premium should not be too expensive. Something you should also consider is the time until expiry for the option, if your time frame for trading is days to weeks you make consider a cheaper option that expires in about a month, but if you are planning on holding the position for more than a month you might need a longer expiry period on the option, which will increase the premium. Another option to consider, if your broker offers it, is to use a guaranteed stop loss order. You will pay a little premium for this type of order and not all brokers offer it, but if it is offered you will be protected against any price gaps past your guaranteed stop loss price.
This seems like kind of an odd analysis. The exact same comment can be made every year at this time in regards to iPhones (people are waiting for the next version to come out). Yet every year Apple sells a ton of these things. Don't expect anything different this time around.  As to Qualcomm (also cited in the article) I expect they will be selling plenty of chips this quarter as Apple gets ready to roll out their iPhone 5 this fall.
I would like to add to the answer provided by Dheer. I think under some ULIPs you need not pay premium after 3 years and you can take the money back after 5 years (something like that, read your policy statement of course). Since the money is invested in Stock markets and since generally people say the longer money stays in stocks, the better; you can keep the money with them without taking it back and without paying any further premium. That way, whatever you paid will be invested and you can get it back later when you feel you will make a profit.
What does not seem reasonable about your plan is the payment and buyout.  While $200/month payments are possible (but hard to find), buyouts are more typically in the five figure range. Given that your savings and desired payment for a car is low (the average car payment today is about 450/month), can you really afford the massive depreciation of a late model vehicle? Why not purchase a 2000 car now, and save the 200-300 per month?  In about a year you could move up to a ~5000 car.  You can buy a pretty nice car for 5K.   Myself, I am on my third year of driving a 4000 car.
Here's an excerpt from the Charles Schwab website which I think will help evaluate your position: The simple answer to your question is no, the value of a gift of stock   for gift tax liability is NOT the donor's cost basis, but rather the   fair market value of the stock at the time the gift is given. So let's   say you purchased 100 shares of XYZ stock at $50 a share. Your cost   basis is $5,000. Now the stock is $80 a share and you give it as a   gift. The value of your gift for gift tax purposes is $8,000. In 2015, you can give up to $14,000 to an unlimited number of   individuals each year without paying a gift tax or even reporting the   gifts. If you give over that amount to any individual, however, you   must report the gift on your tax return, but you don't have to pay   taxes until you give away more than the current lifetime limit of   $5,430,000—for the amount above and beyond $14,000 per person per   year. So in the example above, there would be no gift tax liability.   However, if the stock happened to be $150 a share, the value of the   gift would be $15,000. You'd then have to report it and $1,000 would   be applied toward your $5,430,000 lifetime exclusion. You will need to pay a gift tax on the current value of the stock. I'm not familiar with the tax laws in India, but if your brother was in the US, he wouldn't pay taxes on that gift until he sells the stock. The recipient doesn’t have to worry about gift taxes. It's when the   recipient decides to sell the stock that the issue of valuation comes   up—for income taxes. And this is where things can get a bit more   complicated. In general, when valuing a gift of stock for capital gains tax   liability, it's the donor's cost basis and holding period that rules.   As an example, let's say you receive a gift of stock from your   grandfather. He bought it for $10 a share and it's worth $15 a share   on the day you receive it. If you then sell the stock, whether for a   gain or a loss, your cost basis will be the same as your   grandfather’s: $10 per share. Sell it at $25 and you'll pay tax (at   the short- or long-term rate, depending on how long he owned the   stock) on a gain of $15 a share; sell it at $8 and your capital loss   will be $2 a share. Ultimately, with a gift this large that also crosses international borders, you really should hire a professional who is experienced with these types of transactions. Their fees/commission will be completely offset by the savings in risk and paperwork.  http://www.schwab.com/public/schwab/nn/articles/How-Do-You-Value-a-Gift-of-Stock-It-Depends-on-Whether-You-re-the-Giver-or-the-Receiver
They had the loans insured.  The only way they could lose is if US gov't didn't bail out AIG.  The customers may have a high risk of default, but there was little risk of the banks losing their money.  Besides, like AnythingApplied says, those are the kinds of people they can charge all sorts of fees to, they're a fucking gold mine.
"From what I've read, paying down your mortgage -- above and beyond what you'd normally pay -- is indeed an investment but a very poor form of investment. In other words, you could take that extra money you'd apply towards your mortgage and put it in something that has a much higher rate of return than a house. As an extreme example, consider: if I took $6k extra I would have paid toward my mortgage in a single year, and bought a nice performing stock, I could see returns of 2x or 3x. Now, that implies I know which stock to pick, etcetera.. I found a ""mortgage or investment"" calculator which could be of use as well: http://www.planningtips.com/cgi-bin/prepay_v_invest.pl (scroll to bottom to see the summary and whether or not prepay or invest wins for the numbers you plugged in)"
They could have different quotes as there are more than a few pieces here.  Are you talking a Real Time Level II quote or just a delayed quote?  Delayed quotes could vary as different companies would be using different time points in their data.  You aren't specifying exactly what kind of quote from which system are you using here. The key to this question is how much of a pinpoint answer do you want and how prepared are you to pay for that kind of access to the automated trades happening?  Remember that there could well be more than a few trades happening each millisecond and thus latency is something to be very careful here, regardless of the exchange as long as we are talking about first-world stock exchanges where there are various automated systems being used for trading. Different market makers is just a possible piece of the equation here.  One could have the same market maker but if the timings are different,e.g. if one quote is at 2:30:30 and the other is at 2:30:29 there could be a difference given all the trades processed within that second, thus the question is how well can you get that split second total view of bids and asks for a stock.  You want to get all the outstanding orders which could be a non-trivial task.
Working from home is a mixed blessing. It's nice to avoid the morning/afternoon rush hour. It can be nice and comfortable at home and you can work in the nude ...  All that said though you need to make an effort to get out or you will go fucking crazy. You need to make more of an effort to maintain a normal routine as it is far too easy to just get up 5 minutes before you start working etc.  Also it can be hard to focus on work sometimes, shutting out distractions at home can be very difficult especially if you are doing dull work.
The relevant Canada Revenue Agency web site is Tax payable on excess TFSA amount  Withdrawing in the same year does not generate additional room. Details from CRA suggest it is best to avoid withdrawing if you expect you would replenish in the same year. Likewise, you can transfer among your various accounts without penalty.  If you change financial institutions, for example, there is no double reporting as you seem to be concerned about if it is tracked as a TFSA Transfer (similar to an RRSP transfer) from one registered account to another.  The paperwork is not as if it was a deposit but merely a transfer.
Even if it's not used for energy, coal is still essential for making plastics, drugs, air and water filters, soap, dyes, solvents, and carbon fiber.  The coal industry will be around as long as we need aspirin or Boeing wants to build lighter passenger planes.
Glitter, Inc. is a fashion and lifestyle blog, one of the most widely read online resource on fashion, weddings, design, family, events, travel, DIY recipes, crafts and other interesting stuff. Stay informed on the latest trends and things that matter.
Simply, most of the above given 'answers' are mere 'justifications' for a practice that has become anachronistic. It did make sense once in the past, but not any more. Computers and networks can run non-stop 24/7; even though the same human beings cannot be expected to work 24/7, we have invented the beautiful concept of multiple shifts; banks may be closed during nights and weekends, but banking is never closed in the internet era; ...The answer must lie in the vested interests of a few stakeholder groups - or - it could just be our difficult to change habits.
"These people used the money they received to invest in their business enterprises. As we all know, investments of the wealthy ""trickle down"" to the poor. If that money had actually gone to poor people they would have spent it on drink and gambling. These people should be commended, not punished."
"The original *""offer""* was as follows: the shark says he has invested in a company that *may* be interested in this entrepreneur's product, and ""contingent on *that* deal,"" he will buy the owner out for $150K plus a 4% royalty interest in perpetuity. This is technically not an offer, because the contingency was too vague. He was merely showing interest."
The answer is simple. You can generally claim a deduction for an expense if that expense was used to derive an income. Most business expenses are used to derive profits and income, most individual expenses are not. Of course social policy sometimes gets in the way and allows for deductions where they usually wouldn't be allowed. Regarding the interest on a mortgage being deductible whilst the principal isn't, that is because it is the interest which is the annual expense. By the way deductions for mortgage interest in the USA for a house you live in is only allowed due to social policy, as there is no income (rent) being produced here, unlike with an investment property.
"I hate to point this out, but have you heard of this guy Trump, or Warren Buffet (although his son seems to be very competent and grounded, to some degree).   The US is also plagued with this problem where family companies remain so through leadership, they also tend to fail at greater rates than our publicly ran companies.  I suppose Samsung is public company, but why having stock on the open KRX doesn’t lead to better leadership is beyond me to understand?  EDIT:My bad for bringing Trump into this, it was meant as an example of wealth distribution which translates into capacity for business options, and he's well known. However you guys need to do some more research before throwing shade, Howard Buffet has taken over Berkshire Hathaway in a non-executive role, while also holding board positions on a multitude of companies in which BH own significant portions including coca-cola. I wasn't pointing out Warren is incompetent in any way, just he passed the reins off to family too in many ways. ""In December 2011, Warren Buffett told CBS News that he would like his son Howard to succeed him as Berkshire Hathaway's non-executive chairman.""  Apologies for lack of clarity in my statement."
Trust me, the plane ticket is the least of the expenses flying my co-worker out they will face.  His room, his meals outside of what they will serve him, etc.    he will steal every red cent he can from them because he is a filthy thief.
The answer to your question:  I don't think it's being irresponsible at all.  You are at least saving for your retirement, some people aren't even doing that. My advice?  Replace the car with a cheaper car that you absolutely adore.  $1000/month is a lot to pay for a car that's just a car.  Sell yours, take the resultant money and buy a cheaper car outright.  But buy something fun.  If you're going to enjoy driving when you get in your car, really enjoy it. I suggest a used Miata, or a BMW 325i, the E30 version from the late 80s.  Rear wheel drive, light, responsive, and practical.  And cheap as chips to fix as well!
Well, this is their last attempt to fix it anyway, so it better be good. Because you better believe Democrats will pass universal healthcare without so much as a look across the isle for input and there's no taking back that from people.   Isn't it curious that Obamacare started sucking right around the time when GOP started defunding it and all the uncertainty of the markets made insurance companies leave? Let's not kid ourselves, this tax cut bill is not really healthcare reform. But like I said, it's for the best.
That will just change the number of people who are employed. Those who remain employed will require less government help, and those who lose their jobs will require more. Tinkering with the minimum wage will not add wealth or prosperity to the nation, it will only redistribute it.
&gt;First, federal labor law bars even non-union employers like Google from punishing an employee for communicating with fellow employees about improving working conditions. The purpose of the memo was to persuade Google to abandon certain diversity-related practices the engineer found objectionable and to convince co-workers to join his cause, or at least discuss the points he raised.  Google can come back saying something along the lines of he didn't take correct steps or what have you to do this.  I haven't seen a confirmed story about how his manifesto got leak or that he made it well public.    &gt;In a reply to the initial outcry over his memo, the engineer added to his memo: “Despite what the public response seems to have been, I’ve gotten many personal messages from fellow Googlers expressing their gratitude for bringing up these very important issues which they agree with but would never have the courage to say or defend because of our shaming culture and the possibility of being fired.” The law protects that kind of “concerted activity.”  If this true, then he does have a lawsuit om hostile work environment.  &gt;The employee was also fired after making a complaint to the NLRB.  Your article doesn't say that.  Only says he made a complaint then he got fired and not because he made the complaint.
"Short answer: don't do it. Unless you know something that the bank doesn't, it's safe to assume that banks are a lot better at assessing risk than you are. If they think he can't afford it, odds are he can't afford it regardless of what he might say to the contrary. In this case, the best answer may be ""sorry for your luck;"" you could recommend that he comes up with a larger down payment to reduce his monthly payment (or that he find a way to get some extra income) rather than getting you to cosign. Please also see this article by Dave Ramsey on why you should never cosign loans."
Agreed  They are really good at producing a uniform, consistent product from variable ingredients  That's why Stone brewing hired one of their brewers to teach them how to scale up  No, I don't drink Bud, but I respect their industrial process control
According to the US Mint, the Government does still have a gold reserve stored mostly in Fort Knox in Kentucky, but there is some in New York and Colorado too. Some facts from their site:    That last point is an interesting one. They are basically saying, yes we have it, and no you can't see it. Some conspiracy buffs claim no one has been allowed in there to audit how much they have in over 50 years leading them to speculate that they are bluffing. Although the dollar is no longer tied to the gold standard, throwing that much gold into the market would definitely add fuel the volatility of the finance world, which already has it's share of volatility and isn't hungry for more.The impact on the price of the dollar would be quite complicated and hard to predict.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.cato.org/publications/research-briefs-economic-policy/do-corporate-taxes-hinder-innovation) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Are these two objectives at loggerheads? Does changing corporate tax policy also affect future firm innovation? Such debates have become particularly prominent today when many governments face a trade-off between austerity - which requires more attention to government balance sheets - and future growth.  &gt; My administration released a framework that lowers the corporate tax rate and broadens the tax base in order to increase competitiveness for companies across the nation.  &gt; Given the tax deductibility of R&amp;D expenditures and the existence of R&amp;D tax credits, as well as the plethora of sophisticated tax avoidance strategies that some firms adopt, many policymakers doubt that raising the corporate tax rate actually hinders innovation in the real world.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6l4vtd/do_corporate_taxes_hinder_innovation/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~158649 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **tax**^#1 **innovation**^#2 **corporate**^#3 **firm**^#4 **change**^#5"
According to my research one only needs £5000 to invest in this fund.  However, it also has a sales charge of 4% with an annual charge of 1.75%.  If this is short term money, you would have to have a fairly high return to break even.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.brookings.edu/opinions/republicans-are-victims-of-a-discredited-economic-ideology/) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Republicans have become trapped in their own rhetoric, crafted during years of being in opposition.  &gt; Republican leaders have failed to recognize the fact that the economic views of those who voted Republican in 2016 &amp;quot;Lean only slightly to the right.&amp;quot; Republicans could have used the Trump election to effect a political realignment-one that would have combined a more moderate set of economic policies than the Republican elite currently supports with a more moderate set of cultural positions than those espoused by leading Democrats.  &gt; Several Republican candidates supported a value-added tax during the 2016 primaries and a number of leading Republicans, including James Baker, George Schultz, and Henry Paulson are now arguing for a carbon tax that would return all of the revenues raised to individuals in the form of a citizen&amp;#039;s dividend.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6m9f8j/republicans_are_victims_of_a_discredited_economic/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~163171 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Republican**^#1 **tax**^#2 **might**^#3 **more**^#4 **health**^#5"
IRS Publication 502: Medical expenses are the costs of diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, and the costs for   treatments affecting any part or function of the body. Loan interest and fees do not meet this definition.  Your loan interest and fees are a cost of the payment method you chose (a loan), not a cost of medical treatment. The IRS makes clear where loan interest is deductible.  Publication 936 discusses home mortgage interest deductions, and Publication 970 specifically discusses student loan interest deductions. Considering Publication 502's definition of a medical expense, combined with the absence of a publication discussing medical expense loan interest deductions, one must conclude that medical loan interest and fees are not deductible.
If you get your income in the currency you have the new loan in, there is no exchange risk for the future. Assuming that you are able to get and serve that loan, it reduces your cost, so go for it. Yes, if the currency exchange rate changes the right way over the next years, you could have made a better deal - but consider it could also go the other way. If you really want to play this game, do it separately, by trading calls/puts on the currency exchange rate. See it as a separate and decoupled investment option.
"Profitable by design on slide 7, haha.  Yeah, no.  That's because you're purposely leaving out the maintenance and upkeep for the vehicles in the ""not yours fleet"", don't have ""drivers"" but instead contractors, and you thought you wouldn't have to pay taxes or fees in local cities for your ""not taxis""."
Seems like a stupid move to me.  I assume people who don't want to buy a swatch owned brand now won't do so simply because competition is culled.  Movement watches simply aren't necessities but a fashion item much of the time.    It's like a prominent dress manufacturer called, say, Moochi, that owns the supply of thread announcing they will no longer make it available to their competition who then go out of business.  Doesn't mean women will buy more Moochi dresses - some will decide buy just what they need since they Moochi dresses are too plain, and spend more on accessories to stand out.  Worse, they may be leaving open a lucrative parts market where they were still making a little bit on each watch sale.  Perhaps letting a new Chinese start up come in that simply starts supplying and before they know it, start making watches that compete with them.  I think the Japanese steel industry built themselves up this way, after the US steel makers gladly ceded the rebar business to them in pursuit of higher margin business.  Well, the Japanese built on that and started competing on the higher end markets too.
If you are the main account holder I would try contacting your bank directly, some of them have very accommodating services for this kind of thing. You might even consider going in person if you have a local branch, this might just make communicating easier. They will probably go over your recent transactions with you to identify the fraudulent ones. You might do this first by yourself if you have an online account. Once you identify the fraudulent purchases they will probably take a week or two to investigate/process and reimburse you. But do NOT just close the account and forget about it- first off closing an account that is close to $2,000 in debt probably isn't even possible. Second, if you forgot about it for a long time and just let you credit take a hit you could end up really paying for it(in the form of higher interest payments) later in life when you try to get anything financed like car or house or even student loans for college. And make no mistake that can amount to *maaany* thousands of dollars more than you would otherwise pay over the course of a loan. So don't damage your credit if you can avoid it. Long story short, banks have special departments to handle this kind of thing, so work with your bank. See how that goes, if you run into hangups you may need to bring your parents into the loop. Good luck!
A 1040X is the form and instructions you need.  Don't worry you can rescind the $3 presidential campaign contribution for both you and a spouse.
You're speaking as a private individual. If you owe money to a friend or family member, IOW if it's a *personal* loan from someone you *personally* know, then yes, there is an absolute moral obligation to pay it back if at all possible. But the big banks are not 'people you know'. They treat you like a set of numbers- no more and no less. You are an opportunity for them to make money. They will take from you all they can legally get (or less than legally if they can get away with it). They have no reciprocating feeling of 'personal resposibility'. Banks are not humans even if humans work for them. They follow the coldly rational, impersonally merciless path of greatest profit in the most immediate term, without the slightest concern for *your* humanity or needs.
I'd stick with 20% down. Truth is - we don't know enough about you. Are you single and staying that way? How is your retirement savings doing? As others asked, any other debt? You can put 20% down, take a breath and see how it's going. I did just that, the 20%. We then had a baby, and 5 nanny-years to pay for. When she was gone, all that money went to the mortgage, and after refinancing (with no points no closing) we have 7 years to go. Just under 20 years beginning to end. During that time we've saved for college (just about fully funded) and for retirement (both with matched 401(k) accounts).  Remember, if you lose your job, a house with a lower mortgage means nothing when there's still the next payment due. But that cushion of cash can be handy.
On Monday, the 27th of June 2011, the XIV ETF underwent a 10:1 share split. The Yahoo Finance data correctly shows the historic price data adjusted for this split.  The Google Finance data does not make the adjustment to the historical data, so it looks like the prices on Google Finance prior to 27 June 2011 are being quoted at 10 times what they should be.   Coincidentally, the underlying VIX index saw a sudden surge on the Friday (24 June) and continued on the Monday (27 June), the date that the split took effect.  This would have magnified the bearish moves seen in the historic price data on the XIV ETF. Here is a link to an article detailing the confusion this particular share split caused amongst investors.  It appears that Google Finance was not the only one to bugger it up.  Some brokers failed to adjust their data causing a lots of confusion amongst clients with XIV holdings at the time. This is a recurring problem on Google Finance, where the historic price data often (though not always) fails to account for share splits.
"נסחפת  My own choice. And the eclipse is quite minimal in NJ. And if I wanted to step out for 2 minutes, or 1 hour, of take the day off, I don't even need to to notify my ""bosses"". I am a boss myself.  So far none of the people who report to me asked to take time off."
Banks need to provide a free mechanism to deposit and withdrawal money.  Banks are free to charge fees as long as it is well published. If you are not happy with services you can complain to Banking ombudsman.
"Of course I do. The surveys are from graduates of the last year (or two or three depending on which one you look at). Nobody is implying that all the people have successful established careers because inherently that's not what the surveys are about. The surveys are about you finding a job when you graduate, the career part is up to you not the school. They are self reported, but nobody has a reason to lie or not report their salaries correctly.   What I'm getting at here is that there is no conspiracy by the school to skew the way information is presented. Any college applicant with half a brain knows what they are looking at when they see the numbers. They are not misrepresented, thus there is no ""lying""."
"It's a spin on the phrase ""making your money work for you"". before sending your money off to do the heavy lifting, you'll want to   have an emergency savings account of about six months of living   expenses stored in cash. Basically, he is saying before you start to invest make sure you have sufficient emergency savings."
It is one of the most and largest fresh flower online store such as Wedding Flowers, Event Flowers, Funeral Flowers. There are so many our customers very happy after getting the flowers. Here, you can buy online fresh flower and in new latest style of every flower bouquets. Buy flowers online from largest stores that’s also providing event flowers, and they can also provide same-day delivery services. Personalized gifts like the personal notebooks are also a very great idea that makes your special person feel more special.
"A company doesn't offer up 100% of its shares to the market.  There's a float amount of varying significance, maybe 30% of the shares are put up for public offer.  Generally some amount of current shareholders will pledge some or all of their shares for offer to the public.  This may be how the venture capital, private equity or other current investors cash out their initial investment.  The company may issue new shares in order to raise money for some initiative.  It may be a combination of existing shares and new. Additionally, a company may hold some ""treasury shares"" on its balance sheet.  In this instance fluctuations in the share price directly affect the health of the balance sheet. As far as incentive goes, stock options to management and C-Suite employees keep everyone interested in an increasing stock price."
Is she correct in that you generally can't even apply until the cash   transaction is complete? Probably. How can you commit to mortgage something you do not own? Makes sense for them to wait not even until the transaction is complete - but until the transaction is recorded. Is 45 days reasonable to complete the financing? Yes.
Potpourri is natural item having mainly mixture of oils, leaves, flowers, and some other products derived from plants so that you get fragrance of blossom in it. It is also available for online sale with best quality including health treatment power. @ http://articles.pubarticles.com/how-to-herbal-potpourri-and-its-advantages-1505901517,1714153.html
"You are interpreting things wrong.  Indian Infotech and Software Ltd (BOM:509051) clearly has volume and trades.  The MoneyControl site says  Your words like ""Nobody is selling the stock"" and ""no trade going on"" are completely unfounded."
"If it makes you feel any better, I now bank with a credit union. These WF assholes called me one day to tell me that someone had tried to withdraw $500 from my account and that I needed to sign up for a more secure account, of course with a $16 monthly charge. So I did what anybody would do... went to the bank and ask questions right? After I got there and mention the problem they told me that nothing was wrong with my account, that no transactions were attempted and even if they did attempt them and were canceled they would still show up but they didn't. Few minutes later I got another call from that guy and he was telling me that the problem was taken care of and that I didn't need to go to the bank. After that I was just suspicious. Basically what it came down to was that somebody was trying to set me up for accounts that I didn't ask for just so he can get promoted at my expense. They gave me a opportunity to report him but I didn't because I knew him personally, he was one of my ""friends"" and at the time he had two kids. I didn't want him to lose his job. I told him that what he did was completely fucked up and that you don't do that to people outside of WF. That same day I withdrew all my money. I still remember cutting the conversation short after WF tried to convince me all kinds of ways not to do that. I been with a Credit Union about 3 years now and so far so good."
Apex repairing centre is authorised IFB customer care and service centre.  We provides all types of solutions for IFB products in Mumbai. IFB is well known brand in India, so you can relax related to any query or problems you are facing related to the IFB products. Our repairing engineers are highly qualified who delivers the best result for your IFB products. If you found any problem in your IFB products you can call the apex repairing service (The authorised IFB customer care and service centre in mumbai). IFB is well known brand in washing machine industry in india. We provides genuine parts for your IFB products. Apex Repairing service provides this service in Mumbai and Near by Mumbai Region. Our service is fast. For Any Query Related To IFB Customer Care and Service Centre - Click Here
Now, you can get the fabulous dinner service at the West Palm Beach Escape Rooms in your budget. You can come here with your family, because, it is a full secure place for family. We have interesting activity for the clients enjoyment inside escape rooms, it is an amazing place in Florida, USA. It is a romantic date place in which you and your loved one can get a look at the game whilst taking part in a nice night out. The  West palm beach escape rooms offer an exciting event which is unforgetable, challenging and interactive escape room experience team building in fun event.
While a margin account is not required to trade options, a margin account is necessary to take delivery of an exercised put. The puts can be bought in a cash account so long as the cash necessary to fund the trade is available. If you do choose to exercise which almost never has a positive expected value relative to selling except after the final trading time before expiration, taxes notwithstanding, then your shares will be put to your counterparty. Since options almost always trade in round lots, 100 shares will have to fund the put exercise, or a margin account must satisfy the difference. For your situation, trading out of both positions would be probably be best.
that's not a huge surprise-   it boils down to an increased demand for people who can be flexible in their thinking.  Business is becoming much more dynamic, procedures change, technology changes, everything changes from week to week if not day to day.  If you can't roll with the punches then you're going to have a hard time.    Tech firms will hire people who don't specialize in a particular programming language, what they expect is for you to be able to think your way through.
"If your meaning of ""asset protection"" is buying gold and canned food in the name of a Nevada LLC because some radio guy said so, bad idea. For a person, if you have assets, buy appropriate liability limits with your homeowner/renter insurance policy or purchase an ""umbrella"" liability policy. This type of insurance is cheap. If you don't have assets, it may not be worth the cost of insuring yourself beyond the default limits on your renter's or homeowner's policy. If you have a business, you need to talk to your insurance agent about what coverage is appropriate for the business as a whole vs. you personally. You also need to talk to your attorney about how to conduct yourself so that your business interests are separated from your personal interests."
There is no simple way to calculate how much house any given person can afford. In the answer keshlam gave, several handy rules of thumb are mentioned that are used as common screening devices to reject loans, but in every case further review is required to approve any loan.  The 28% rule is the gold standard for estimating how much you can afford, but it is only an estimate; all the details (that you don't want to provide) are required to give you anything better than an estimate. In the spirit of JoeTaxpayer's answer I'm going to give you a number that you can multiply your gross income by for a good estimate, but my estimate is based on a 15 year mortgage. Assuming a 15 year mortgage with a 3% interest rate, it will cost $690.58 per $100,000 borrowed. So to take those numbers and wrap it up in a bow, you can multiply your income by 3.38 and have the amount of mortgage that most people can afford. If you have a down-payment saved add it to the number above for the total price of the home you can buy after closing costs are added in. Property taxes and insurance rates vary widely, and those are often rolled into the mortgage payment to be paid from an escrow account, banks may consider all of these factors in their calculators but they may not be transparent. If you can't afford to pay it in 15 years, you really can't afford it. Compare the same $100k loan: In 30 years at 4% you pay about $477/month with a total of about $72k in interest over the life of the loan. In 15 years at 3% you pay about $691/month but the total interest is only $24k, and you are out of the loan in half of the time. The equity earned in the first 5 years is also signficantly different with 28.5% for the 15 year loan vs. 9.5% on the 30 year loan.  Without straying too far into general economics, 15 year loans would also have averted the mortgage crisis of 2008, because more people would have had enough equity that they wouldn't have walked out on their homes when there was a price correction.
"For the vast majority, ""buying"" a house via a mortgage is not an investment.  I use quotes around buying because from a technical perspective you don't own anything until you've paid it off; this is often an important point that people forget. It's highly unlikely you'll make more on it than the amount you put into it (interest, repairs, etc).  Even with relatively low interest rates. The people who successfully invest in homes are those that use actual cash (not borrowed) to buy a home at well below market value.  They then clean it up and make enough repairs to make it marketable and sell it shortly there after.  Sometimes these people get hosed if the housing market tumbles to the point that the home is now worth less than the amount they put into it.  This is especially problematic if they used bank loans to get the process going.  They were actually the hardest hit when the housing bubble popped several years ago.  Well, them and the people who bought on interest only loans or had balloon payments. Whereas the people who use a mortgage are essentially treating it like a bank account with a negative interest rate.  For example, $180k loan on a 30 yr fixed at 4% will mean a total payout of around $310k, excluding normal repairs like roofs, carpet, etc.  Due to how mortgage's work, most of the interest is collected during the first half of the loan period.  So selling it within 2 to 5 years is usually problematic unless the local housing market has really skyrocketed. Housing markets move up and down all the time due to a hundred different things completely out of your control.  It might be a regional depression, weather events, failed large businesses, failed city/local governments, etc.  It could go up because businesses moved in, a new highway is built, state/local taxes decline, etc. My point is, homes are not long term investments.  They can be short term ones, but only in limited circumstances and there is a high degree of risk involved.  So don't let that be a driving point of your decision. Instead you need to focus on other factors.  Such as: what is really going on with the house you are currently in?  Why would they lose it?  Can you help out, and, should you help out?  If things are precarious, it might make more sense to sell that home now and everyone move into separate locations, possibly different rentals or apartments.  If they are foreclosed on then they will be in a world of financial hurt for a long time. If we ignore your parents situation, then one piece of advice I would give you is this: Rent the cheapest apartment you can find that is still a ""safe"" place to live in.  Put every dollar you can into some type of savings/investment that will actually grow.  Stay there for 5+ years, then go pay cash for a nice home.  Making $75k a year while single means that you don't need much to live on.  In other words, live extremely cheap now so you can enjoy a fantastic living experience later that is free from financial fear.  You should be able to put $30k+ per year aside going this route. edit: A bit of support data for those that somehow think buying a home on a mortgage is somehow a good investment:   Robert Shiller, who won a Nobel prize in economics and who predicted the bursting of the housing bubble, has shown that a house is not a good investment.  Why?  First, home prices (adjusted for inflation) have been virtually unchanged for the past 100 years.  (link 1, link 2)  Second, after you add in the costs of maintenance alone then those costs plus what you've paid for the home will exceed what you get out of it.  Adding in the cost of a mortgage could easily double or even triple the price you paid which makes things even worse.  Maintenance costs include things like a new roof, carpet/flooring, water heater, appliances, etc. Yes, a home might cost you $100k and you might sell it for $200k after 15 years.  However during that time you'll likely replace the roof ($10k to $20k), replace appliances ($2k to $5k), water heater ($1k), carpet/flooring ($5k to $20k), paint ($3k to $6k), and mortgage related costs (~$60k - assuming 30 yr fixed @4%).  So your ""costs"" are between $180k and $200k just on those items.  There are many more that could easily escalate the costs further.  Like a fence ($5k+), air conditioner ($5k+), windows, etc. The above is assuming the home actually appreciates in value faster than inflation: which they historically haven't over the long term.   So you have to consider all of the costs ultimately paid to purchase and maintain the home vs the costs of renting during the same time period.   Point is: do your research and be realistic about it.  Buying a home is a huge financial risk."
A Ponzi scheme takes investor money and lies about where it is invested. New investor money is then used to pay dividends to current investors to attract more investors. However there is a fundamental lie as to where the investment is and how much money is under control. The Fed satisfies none of these requirements.  You're pretty confused on the terms. See my post above on how the Fed works.
a) Nothing would support this company going back to $.50 per share b) Fundamentally the market for this sectors has been obliterated and the fundamentals don't look like they will improve. Similar companies experience what this one is and will be going through, they borrow the hilt and hope they can pump enough oil and sell the oil at a high price. Oil goes below, WAYYY below the price they can sell it at and even break even, so they are burning cash until they declare bankruptcy. This company is not an exception. So here is what to look at on their balance sheet: assets and liabilities. Liabilities are debt. Their debt is over 50% of their assets, that debt has interest and there is NO WAY they are making a profit. Their website's last financial statement is from September 30th.. LOL, so they haven't even released a quarterly financial statement in two quarters straight, so have they released anything? Given what we know about the dire state of the entire oil drilling industry, lets see if these guys are the exception to the rule (spoiler; they aren't) February 15th, 2015 http://www.marketwatch.com/story/strategic-oil-gas-ltd-provides-operations-update-2015-02-19-16173591 The Company prudently elected to stop the winter Muskeg drilling program     in order to preserve capital. So now they aren't even getting new assets to resale, they aren't making any money from that operation, their debt still has interest payments though. Approximately 700 Boe/d of production has been shut-in by suspending     operations at Bistcho, Cameron Hills and Larne, which are not economic     at current commodity prices. Predictable. Also, you should notice from their actual financial statements (from 6 months ago, lol) (when the price of oil was over 100% higher than it is today, lol), this company already wasn't a good performer. They have been financing themselves by doing private placements, by issuing shares to investors that are not you, and diluting the share value of ALL OTHER SHAREHOLDERS. Dead in the water. I got this from skimming their financial report, without even being familiar with how canadian companies report. Its just bad news. You shouldn't be married to this investment.
If you use a credit union, I look for the co-op network credit union ATMs.   Wide network of fee-free ATMs: http://co-opcreditunions.org/locator/?ref=co-opatm.org&sc=1 You'll have to check with your bank or credit union to see what networks they belong to and if it isn't satisfactory to you, find a new bank or credit union.
There's a serious mistake in your analysis: granted, in the traditional IRA, you avoid paying taxes on the $5000 now, but you're now stuck paying taxes on $2.2 million dollars when you withdraw it later. Obviously, you'll end up paying massively more than $1250 in taxes on this in the end. As other people have pointed out, if you can afford to cut the $1250 elsewhere in your budget, you could still end up with the $2.2M. However, let's say just for argument that you don't; the question then becomes if you're better off taking the tax hit on the $5,000 now or the $2.2 million later. It also really matters how much money you'll be withdrawing when you retire as well as how you'll be doing the withdraws. Personally, my goal is to be able to withdraw as much per year as my highest salary while working, so clearly the Roth IRA is a good deal for me. An important consideration here is that most people believe that their expenses will go down when they retire, but the majority of retirees in some surveys have indicated that their expenses either stayed approximately the same or actually increased. Also, quick reality check: would the fact that you know you'd be saving $1250 on your taxes by contributing to the IRA actually cause you to contribute an extra $1250 to your retirement? Even if you personally would, I highly doubt that most people, with the exception of people who post on this site :), actually think that way (especially given how little most people actually save for retirement).
Also from Chipotle's website:  &gt; It means that whenever possible we use meat from animals raised without the use of antibiotics or added hormones.  Again, they aren't claiming to be organic just stating that they don't want to have pigs that are raised with antibiotics.  You're putting the organic standard on them they're just saying they will do this whenever possible.
"You don't specify which country you are in, so my answers are more from a best practice view than a legal view.. I don't intend on using it for personal use, but I mean it's just as possible. This is a dangerous proposition.. You shouldn't co-mingle business expenses with personal expenses.  If there is a chance this will happen, then stop, make it so that it won't happen. The big danger is in being able to have traceability between what you are doing for the business, and what you are doing for yourself.  If you are using this as a ""staging"" account for investments, etc., are those investments for yourself?  Or for the business?  Is tax treatment on capital gains and/or dividends the same for personal and business in your jurisdiction?  If you buy a widget, is the widget an expense against business income?  Or is it an out of pocket expense for personal consumption?  The former reduces your taxable income, the latter does not. I don't see the benefit of a real business account because those have features specific to maybe corporations, LLC, and etc. -- nothing beneficial to a sole proprietor who has no reports/employees. The real benefit is that there is a clear delineation between business income/expenses and personal income/expenses. This account can also accept money and hold it from business transactions/sales, and possibly transfer some to the personal account if there's no need for reinvesting said amount/percentage. What you are looking for is a commonly called a current account, because it is used for current expenses.  If you are moving money out of the account to your personal account, that speaks to paying yourself, which has other implications as well. The safest/cleanest way to do this is to: While this may sound like overkill, it is the only way to guarantee that income/expenses are allocated to the correct entity (i.e. you, or your business). From a Canadian standpoint:"
Not a day goes by that someone isn't forecasting a collapse or meteoric rise. Have you read Ravi Batra's The Great Depression of 1990? The '90s went on to return an amazing 18.3%/yr compound growth rate for the decade. (The book sells for just over $3 with free Amazon shipping.) In 1987, Elaine Garzarelli predicted the crash. But went years after to produce unremarkable results. Me? I saw that 1987 was up 5% or so year on year (in hindsight , of course), and by just staying invested, I added deposits throughout the year, and saw that 5% return. What crash? Looking back now, it was a tiny blip. You need to be diversified in a way that one segment of the market falling won't ruin you. If you think the world is ending, you should make peace with your loved ones and your God, no investment advice will be of any value. (Nor will gold for that matter.)
I recently sold some property in which I structured the agreement with my realtor such that I would pay the normal 6% commission, 3% to each agent if the buyer came from another agent. If my selling agent found his own buyer, he would get 4.5% commission. As a seller it's possible to negotiate such deals before the house goes on the market. If you are selling another property you could similarly structure such a deal where your selling agent picks up the commission from buying the new place and agrees to reduce the commission on the place that you are selling leaving you in a better position than if you bought unrepresented. As an unrepresented buyer, you only have negotiating power insofar as the market allows. The seller's agent gains nothing from what you propose, so unless they expect trouble moving the house, waiting to see what other offers arise is certainly an option. If they are having trouble moving the house then just reduce your offer and see what happens.  When I pick a selling price the main factor is that I want to attract enough buyers that I can sell it quickly. Interest payments do add up. Selling a house involves more than just listing it for sale. I have a good relationship with my agent and have done multiple deals with him. I am willing to pay him because I believe it benefits me to do so. I wouldn't risk that relationship just to close a deal with an unrepresented buyer. That unrepresented buyer would allow for a reduced commission to 4.5% though in the contract I mentioned above.
The main reason for an UBI is to provide atleast some sort of income since a lot of people are projected to be out of a job due to automation. Hence that source of income, for the large part, will go to the basic needs first, like housing, power, food.  Atleast, that's what I suspect.  So if a landlord knows people can afford atleast X amount for housing, why would they offer it any cheaper?
Good points. I'm sure twitter has data on the value of Trumps account, but IMO the data for how much value Trump keeps away from Twitter is much less readily available. Anecdotally, I know many people that have either not gotten a twitter account or quit using the service altogether because of him. And I live in a red state. I'd think if the investors proved the economic value of the account was actually damaging to twitter user growth, they could have a case. One way would be to see where people are going for news, or creating new accounts, or time spent on the platform vs others like Facebook.
"No. One of the key ideas behind a corporation is that an investor's liability is limited to the amount he invests, i.e. the amount of stock he buys. This is the primary reason why small businesses become corporations, even though one person owns 100% of the stock. Then if the business goes broke, he won't lose his house, retiretment fund, etc. He'll lose everything he had in the business, but at least there's a limit to it. (In some countries there are other ways to achieve the same results, like creating a ""limited liabililty company"", but that's another story.)"
I'm almost in the same situation as you. Here is what I'm doing.  Buy ETFs each time you have above 3000€ saved up. I buy these: HSBC S+P 500 C.S.-MSCI PACIFIC UBS-ETF-MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ISH.STOX.EUROPE 600 They are taxable under Abgeltungssteuer, so no hassle with that, are cheap and cover almost the entire world economy. Don't worry what everyone else is doing. My friends all started buying stuff when they started earning real money. Now everyone has shitloads of stuff piled up somewhere, which never gets used.
"Hey Maison, Thanks for the reply. At this point we're not receiving any statements...I've tried multiple times to ask for papers but it always gets pushed aside and eventually forgotten about (I have a full-time day job as well). Does it make sense that the manager is collecting his full salary + extras, but we as the owners (at least my portion) are not getting anything? I think the manager is the one handling everything - including taxes, payroll, etc. I'm going to be putting in somebody that I trust, with more business acumen, to go and have a first hand look. Is there anything overly important you would suggest that needs to be focused on heavily and can easily shed some light on this issue? Like you said, this single point of failure may be what's killing me, and it makes no sense that the bar wouldn't be making any money since every time I've gone it always seems packed. The manager just kind of talks down to me when I try and ask him about the situation since he's the ""Expert"" and I'm relatively without experience, and always has a reason such as renovations, fixing of the roof, etc. all expenses that come out of the total earnings.."
Ok, I'll play ball. Where do you see the wrong doing?  Being in a room with a Russian for 20 minutes is not a crime, nor can it in anyway be concieved of as wrong doing.  Edit: of its own accord, of course.
Idk how to word this better but Is it possible to make 4000 in a month? I work full time for a school making 14.70 and my wife makes a little less full time at her job. Is there a way I can help myself maximize price to save based on what we have outgoing? Need a down payment for a home and really don't wanna use a government loan. (Moving snarky just want a better rate and lower closing fees). Thanks!
"Concealing parts of a document in order to obtain a signature is illegal. The company committed signature forgery because they effectively modified the document after you signed it (i.e. unfolded the parts that were previously folded). I suggest that you go to your local police department to file a report, citing ""signature forgery"". Once you have the police report, call your bank's fraud department (not the general billing dispute line) and cite the police report right away, specifically calling out ""signature forgery"". I would be surprised if you don't get a favorable outcome."
Me too it all started when I ordered a number five and they said medium or large. I asked which size was the price on the picture. Lady said Small...   When I am buying things off the menu, price is one of the two factors of my decision. I complained, they could not see the problem...
&gt; Start a funeral home or casket/urn selling company -- profit off of the death of the Boomers.  The problem is that the Boomers will only start dying when GenX starts retiring. While your advice made me chuckle, it is better directed at Millenials. :)
If you are one of those who like travelling then you must plan Myanmar trip this time. This is a nice place to visit with family and friends. So, you can choose this place for vacation whether you are going with your friends or going with your family.
Investors are typically a part of the board of directors of the company. Because of their ownership in the company, they have a vested interest in its stock price. The same is true for management also in cases where they hold a certain percentage of equity in the company. Their incentives also get aligned to the stock price.
By the way Foxconn has announced they were opening factories in the US before and not followed through.  I get he's desperate for any kind of PR win... but you would think he'd save his big ceremony for when the thing actually opens as opposed to when it's just proposed.
"As a legal contract, a mortgage is a form of secured debt. In the case of a mortgage, the debt is secured using the property asset as collateral. So ""no"", there is no such thing as a mortgage contract without a property to act as collateral. Is it a good idea?  In the current low interest rate environment, people with good income and credit can obtain a creditline from their bank at a rate comparable to current mortgage rates.  However, if you wish to setup a credit line for an amount comparable to a mortgage, then you will need to secure it with some form of collateral."
Can you show me where? Because pretty sure when obama put a tax to help fund the ACA, the economy thrived, a million doctors were hired, hundreds of hospitals, and thousands upon thousands of walk in clinics we're built. And the stock market thrived more.
I think tradition is going to be a big obstacle to lab grown meat, as there arent that many ways to grow it in a way to fit the idea of meat for people who are used to eating actual meat for 20 or more years. the taste and texture is going to be really different. People are sensitive to this stuff. its like, i like meat, i have been eating it all my life, and now suddenly there is something entirely else that calls itself meat on the table.  No, if the cost is similar and it has a lot of marketing campaigns, im thinking years of marketing, behind it, its still going to be the same effect. meaning its not going to be this big money maker that its makers expect. you cant force a product to socceed if there is no product market match
Others have made excellent suggestions; one thing I would add - and this cannot be understated - is to assess your risk tolerance.  We tend to think of investing as a purely rational and financial decision, yet myself and so many others, when times get tough, make emotional decisions. Doing a risk tolerance test (as honestly as possible) will help you recognize what you can and can't handle.   On top of that, consider how well you face adversity or celebrations in other areas of life; I've found many similarities in the ways that we handle a gain in our investments to the way we celebrate a raise (same thing with adversity). Once you know this, you can begin the process of elimination on funds. [Added: the point above this, does not consume a lot of time and could end up saving you a great deal of money and emotional agony, so it's well-worth it.]
"Years ago I worked in an engineering firm that deployed Kaspersky AV to all the PCs. One of the wags in the department used to joke in a hilarious fake Russian accent ""Use Kaspersky for greatest glory of motherland, comrade!""  I'm wondering who he actually worked for now."
Right, in that case disregard most of what I've said that's specific, especially on the law bits. Check with someone local (or check the court websites) if small claims court is an option, and if you get a judgement what options there are to collect. A collection agency can also take the legwork out of that, mostly at the customer expense. And selling off debt is still an option, the US industry for that is even bigger than in the Netherlands. And your loss on that is most likely tax deductible, so ask yourself how much your time and aggro is worth.
If you have sufficient money to support yourself until you have a career, then paying off your student loan principal on unsubsidized, federal loans, is probably your best bet. This is because interest accumulates before you're actually required to pay. If they are private, make the payment on the highest interest rate loans.
Let's assume you have total year income I. The inflation rate is R and the growth rate is E every year. The contributed rate deducting 1.8% will be C = 0.982. So, for your account you'll have every year Let's assume you have annual income in 1000, then for years So, you'll deposit 40 000 and got at the end 129 023.60. But be careful, economic calculation for so long period could be very incaccurate because of the variation of the inflation rate, growth rate and various risks. The spreadsheet could be very useful. More accurate formula which assume that annual deposit grows only the half of the year. Thus, the result for 40 years will be 124 576.91.
I don't see how you could have this conversation without also including mention of the labor participation rate. If the unemployment rate is low but there is still a huge pool of workers trying to get back into the workforce then you still have high competition for positions which would depress the wage rate. This has been my experience looking for work in the last 12 months. Linkedin tracks applications and it is routine to see 100-300 applicants for entry level business analyst positions that are only a week or two old. Does that seem like low unemployment/low competition for work? Hell no. I bet most employers are still flooded with applications and can be as picky as they want and can lowball applicant wages.
To charge money for investment advice the only prerequisite is the 65. Find out what licenses your father has.   You can cover the 6, 63, 65, 66 and 7 with the 66 &amp; 7.   I would suggest: Life and Health, 66, 7, CFP. In that order. But you might also be able to get away with the L&amp;H, 6 and 63 (this is more common among older product sales based advisors) to get up and running.
Look at their dividend history.  The chart there is simply reporting the most recent dividend (or a recent time period, in any event).  GF for example: http://www.nasdaq.com/symbol/gf/dividend-history It's had basically two significant dividends and a bunch of small dividends.  Past performance is not indicative of future returns and all that.  It might never have a similar dividend again. What you're basically looking at with that chart is a list of recently well-performing funds - funds who had a good year.  They obviously may or may not have such a good year next year. You also have funds that are dividend-heavy (intended explicitly to return significant dividends).  Those may return large dividends, but could still fall in value significantly.  Look at ACP for example: it's currently trading near it's 2-year low.  You got a nice dividend, but the price dropped quite a bit, so you lost a chunk of that money.  (I don't know if ACP is a dividend-heavy fund, but it looks like it might be.) GF's chart is also indicative of something interesting: it fell off a cliff right after it gave its dividend (at the end of the year).  Dropped $4.  I think that's because this is a mutual fund priced based on the NAV of its holdings - so it dividended some of those holdings, which dropped the share price (and the NAV of the fund) by that amount.  IE, $18 a share, $4 a share dividend, so after that $14 a share.  (The rest of the dividends are from stock holdings which pay dividends themselves, if I understand properly).  Has a similar drop in Dec 2013.  They may simply be trying to keep the price of the fund in the ~$15 a share range; I suspect (but don't know) that some funds have in their charter a requirement to stay in a particular range and dividend excess value.
I have no idea about slushie machines but in general you order it, have it shipped and pay taxes and duty (if there is any). There may be a complication if the machines are not UL/CSA approved in this case, so you might need an engineer's report or some other paperwork or they might hang on to them.
Are you being willfully obtuse? Of course you can do both. However, had you never been taxed you'd have that same money to spend as you see fit, such as giving it to charity. Mind blowing right?   Oh so you know how to spend that money better huh? Maybe I say I know how to spend your money better than you. Fuck your charity for down syndrome. People with prostate cancer need it more. Here's your tax bill :)
Oh man... youve been to school for this, i can tell! Haha. Excellent points, some i havent thought of. Like i mentioned, im not a buisness major or anything but im smart enough (and stupid enough) to take chances if i see opportunity to make money. (A mindset that probably started with my majuana empire in high school lol).   I will most likely follow through with welding full time, at least until i have money built up to invest and still live comfortably. Like i said, im smart enough to know what needs to be done but im wide-eyed and hungry to make more also.   Anyway, thank you for your response, its very helpful and full of things i hadnt considered yet; specifically the investment structure of the company.
There are significant similarities, but also differences. The 1917 Revolution grew out of conditions near starvation. Also, soldiers (or sailors in that case) did not want to be canon fodder in an unnecessary war. We are nowhere near the point of revolution.  And thankfully so. Revolutions are more fun to read about than to live through.
After several hours of trying to get various import methods to work (see comment to other answer), I ended up just adding all the splits by just gritting my teeth, against the inefficiency of at all, and entered them manually. The process took a couple hours, but at least now I have clean data. Duplicating an existing transaction with splits and just changing the date is (a lot) more keyboard efficient than editing an existing transaction and adding the splits (Alt+N, L, 1/1/2011) even when accounting for the overhead of deleting the now-duplicate imported transaction (Alt+N, D, Alt+D).
"My wife and I have been ridiculously happy with YNAB. It's not ""online,"" but syncs across our phones & computers using Dropbox. It supposedly supports different locales and currencies, but I have never needed to try that out."
"**Useful idiot**  In political jargon, a useful idiot (also useful fool) is a person perceived as a propagandist for a cause the goals of which they are not fully aware of, and who is used cynically by the leaders of the cause. According to the Oxford Dictionary of Euphemisms, the phrase stems from useful fool to refer to ""a dupe of the Communists"" and was used by Vladimir Lenin to refer to those his country had successfully manipulated.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24"
We provide business insurance at competitive  business insurance service rates to customers across the country. We can offer an assortment of answers for address their budgetary needs or business needs.  We are reliable for the best insurance policy, you can trust at the Oxford Risk LLC. We have cheapest policy for business. As you know, business insurance policy is supportable for us such as U.S. property/casualty insurer for business insurance Fairlawn Ohio capital strength should enable them to withstand near-term volatility related to hurricane events, but a major catastrophic hurricane could change that, according to a new report.We know getting insurance for your business is not always the easiest thing to do. With so many terms of any business and always coverage. Business owner's insurance policy is often the most convenient way of protecting your business's physical and financial assets.
I'm not in the industry, but the point of the quoted section suggests that hybrid debt (instruments with both debt and equity features) count as acceptable capital against upcoming required capital positions.   These instruments are going to be cheaper than using common equity, and provide a leverage effect that can improve the return on equity (same income/cash flow over lower required equity).
So we build the malls and obsolete them for the internet (Amazon) then Amazon buys the malls and uses them as brick and mortal distribution centers?  There is something wrong with this picture.  I no longer get to try on the winter coat before I buy it.  Same local distribution but no customer access to the product to try it out.  This sucks.
Miami Florida is one of the most treasured destinations for doing business. Not only for speaking, but Americans and people from all over the world. Its climate and buy a business in florida infrastructure make them the cradle par excellence of many immigrant entrepreneurs. Being a cosmopolitan city the competition is very arduous - but very possible if you devote the energy you should. When you decide to undertake, perhaps, the first thing you think is to throw something from scratch. And that involves a time of creation and development, testing, validation, market research and customers.
The bikes sold at Target or Walmart can't really be compared to a bike sold at an independent bike dealer or even a concept store from Trek, Giant or Specialized.   The key question I'm trying to solve is, how to go to direct sales when you already have a distributor network?
This sounds like a real consistency issue, then. When it comes to saying one thing and doing another with regard to spending money it seems common that a company just hasn't figured out why that kind of consistency is important.  To me it's a question of ROI. If a company insists on huge money-blowing events, what's the return? What is that event supposed to achieve, and is it worth it? Huge money blowing events can certainly be worth it when they actually generate long-term sales, significantly boost employee morale (in turn generating sales, hopefully) or similar. But as you obviously know, if all the employees involved in the event feel like it's bullshit before, during, and after it goes down then somebody didn't really look at the ROI before approving it.
You can start a software company. Than your office will be around the world and you can work whenever you want. If you can appoint some people who can collect work from here and there and the coder around the world can give you the job done(this can be done by posting your work in various freelancing site). It is challenging, because you have to get yourself up-to-date with the technological things.
[POSCO 's Logo is 'We Move the World in Silence.' ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POSCO)  South Korea lives in a bubble and they are fully aware of it.  As such, their country and governments are trying to do everything they can to leverage as much power as possible.  They are not wasting the aid they are receiving in the very least.
Even if this guy did not strike a deal, his negotiating skills were admiral enough that it would have drawn enough publicity to get a deal from an outside private investor.  Great website too, can't decide what I want.  http://www.elementbars.com
"If you don't use leverage you can't lose more than you invested because you ""play"" with your own money. But even with leverage when you reach a certain limit (maintenance margin) you will receive a margin call from your broker to add more funds to your account. If you don't comply with this (meaning you don't add funds) the broker will liquidate some of the assets (in this case the currency) and it will restore the balance of the account to meet with his/her maintenance margin. At least, this is valid for assets like stocks and derivatives. Hope it helps! Edit: I should mention that"
Meh. Seems like splitting hairs to me. I've tried to get Vanguard to open fossil-free index funds as Barclays has (and to which I moved heaping helpings of my Vanguard money) so maybe I'm part of the problem.   By the by, those fossil free funds have been outperforming their fossilized index counterparts.
The scammer is definitely up to something fishy. He (it's certain that the she is a he) may deposit some money into your father's account to gain his trust. After which, he will propose to come meet your dad. That's where the scamming begins. He will come up with a story about flight, VISA issues, or a problem he has to solve before coming over. Another is that he can use your dad's empty account to receive monies he scammed off people. That way there's no direct link with him and his other victim.
It isn't always clear cut that you should pay off a debt at all, particularly a mortgage. In simple terms, if you are making a better return than what the bank is charging you, and the investment meets your risk criteria, then you should not pay back the debt. In the UK for example, mortgage rates are currently quite low. Around 2.5 - 3% is typical at the moment. On the other hand, you might reasonably expect a long run average return of around 9 - 11% on property (3 - 5% rental yield, and the rest on capital gains). To make the decision properly you need take into account the following:
Consider contracting with a property management company to lease and maintain the house until it can be sold. Rent on the property should cover the mortgage, property taxes, etc. The property management company can handle maintenance and the tenant would be responsible for utilities.
One piece of documentation that might help here is a confirmation of your benefit selections through your employer for each year since the expenses in question were incurred, assuming you have a job with eligibility for benefits.  If you can prove which accounts you maintained through your/your spouse's (if applicable) employer(s), then it is relatively simple to go back through the records for those specific accounts and see if a specific expense was ever reimbursed.  Obviously, you can't prove through documentation that you didn't have accounts that don't exist. This seems like it would be more important for the accounts elected by a significant other, since I believe reimbursements from an account in your name would typically be reported to the IRS on your behalf anyway. Also, keep in mind that the IRS won't care about each line item individually.  Their focus will be on whether, for any given snapshot in time, your total reimbursed amount exceeded your total eligible expenses.
&gt; Cutting taxes to raise tax revenue is a fantasy that has never come true. Reagan tried it and the deficit skyrocketed, so he reversed it:  Yet it is true when you understand economics. Texas is living proof of that. Big government overspending and trillions of dollars of extra national debt year over year is extremely wasteful, unsustainable with the threat of national bankruptcy.  &gt;**[Trade Helps Explain Texas-Sized Job Growth](http://www.cato.org/blog/trade-helps-explain-texas-sized-job-growth)**  &gt; By Daniel Griswold JULY 26, 2011 12:38PM  &gt; As its governor, Rick Perry, weighs a run for the White House, Texas has drawn attention for its healthy job growth. Since the recession ended in June 2009, **Texas has accounted for half of the net new jobs added to the U.S. economy, according to the lead story in this morning’s USA Today.** That’s quite a record for one lone state. We’ll leave it to others for now to argue over how much credit Gov. Perry can claim.   &gt; **Some credit surely goes to high oil prices, fueling job growth in a sector important to the Texas economy. Another reason for its relatively strong job growth is a friendly business climate, including no state income tax and relatively light regulations. And for those who scapegoat trade for the nation’s persistently high unemployment rate, consider that Texas is the nation’s number one trading state.** As the USA Today story notes:  &gt; Overseas shipments by Texas’ strong computer, electronics, petrochemical and other industries rose 21% last year, compared with 15% for the nation, according to the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank. The state also benefits from its proximity to Latin American countries that are big importers of U.S. goods … The surge creates jobs for Texas manufacturers and ports.  &gt; As I can attest from recent speaking engagements in San Antonio and Laredo, Texans have embraced their state’s position as the nation’s leading gateway for trade with NAFTA-partner Mexico and the rest of Latin America.  &gt; While politicians and union bosses from other states grumble about allegedly unfair trade, the latest trade and job numbers show that the people of Texas are making the most of the opportunities created by our more open economy.
Assuming a good credit score with no issues like bankruptcy they look at 2 ratios: housing related debts and non-housing debts. For you the housing debts are: principal and interest ($1986/month), property taxes ($490/month), Home Insurance ($120/month) and HOA fee ($120/month). Add these up ($2716/month). You want this to be below 28% of your gross, though some lenders use 33%. For you 109K/year is 9083/month or 29.9%. The 20% down payment saves you the PMI payments. Note that the deductions for interest and taxes already hidden in the ratio limits, so don't try to reduce the monthly impact by a expected deduction. Many lenders will require you to give them the money from taxes and insurance each month, they will forward the funds to the government of insurance policy when the bills are due. The 2nd ratio is for the non-housing debts, which you claim to be zero. That should be less than 10%. If they insist on keeping you below 28% you might need a lower rate or bigger down payment. Your current income and budget have allowed you to accumulate significant savings, though you retirement balances seem low. The savings and CD balances show that you could increase your spending each month without severely impacting your financial health. Should you buy, can't be answered because that is an individual choice.  Keep in mind that home ownership also includes additional responsibilities that a renter can ask a landlord to fix and pay for. That is the stuff that is impossible to predict.
The Money Market is a place where one trades Instruments. The market is similar to that of the Stock Market. The instruments traded in Money Markets include Short Term Debt Instruments as well as FX Swap Instruments and Mortgage & Asset Backed Securities. The FX & Mortgage Securities are not Debt instruments per se. They also include other custom created instruments that are traded. The definition of Short Term debt is any guaranteed instrument with a maturity of less than a year. These instruments are used in various transactions, including retail and the Money Market is not the only place these are traded.
I quit the company during the Nadella transition.  I was a Site Reliability Engineer, and my entire discipline was gutted and tossed at the company, as were the testers. Maybe it's been good for consumers, but the way it was handled internally, with an indefinite stream of reorganizations and middle management competition, just made it a terrible place to work.  When I left, I had been through 9-10 reorganizations in as many months. Every time I'd get a project or a service to work on, we'd get moved. Most of my coworkers left for Amazon, some left the field entirely. I hope it's better now, nobody deserves that.  Windows Server 2016 was one of the worst builds I've ever worked with, and I have been really happy to stop supporting the OS entirely. The docker gaps in particular in the windows ecosystem seem pretty significant, and languages that don't run on Linux seem antiquated and useless because of pressures from cloud platforms.
Death of anyone can bring their close one’s in big distress and they found themselves unable to come up with this trauma of their life. When this death is of a spouse, the severity of trauma affects the life of the living one in such a huge extent that he/she begs for the death and keeps no desire of living. The inspirational books “BECAUSE THE SKY IS EVERYWHERE” and “BOTH SIDES NOW: A TRUE STORY OF LOVE, LOSS AND BOLD LIVING ” written by Nancy sharp  can work as great motivation for such people whose have no desire of living now.
Ariisto Celestia Codename Big Boom Mulund launched their 2BHK &amp; 3BHK apartments. These apartments are configured for perfect living addresses next to Yogi Hills mumbai. The project is planned to develop towers including Wing A, Wing B, Wing C and Wing D. http://www.smcrealty.com/ariisto-celestia-codename-big-boom/
You're defending amazon against monopoly charges right here man...  They don't need to brainwash people or even advertise, they can enter any market they want and just destroy nearly all competition instantly.    They have so much money that they can take losses for years and years on any sector until they price everyone else out of business.     I do agree with you that Trump shouldn't be using threats against amazon as a political weapon.
That's different in that nobody pays him 46 million dollars in wages or salary. He is self employed and negotiates individual fees for his performances. This guy is almost certainly worth 46 million a year because he negotiates many fees amongst many paying clients. It's possible that a person receiving 1 salary from one employer is being overpaid but if you are dealing with dozens of employers it's unlikely that they are *all* overpaying market rates.
I'm in a similar situation as I have a consulting business in addition to my regular IT job.  I called the company who has my IRA to ask about setting up the Individual 401k and also mentioned that I contribute to my employer's 401k plan. The rep was glad I brought this up because he said the IRS has a limit on how much you can contribute to BOTH plans. For me it would be $24K max (myAge >= 50; If you are younger than 50, then the limit might be lower). He said the IRS penalties can be steep if you exceed the limit. I don't know if this is an issue for you, but it's something you need to consider. Be sure to ask your brokerage firm before you start the process.
Assuming US,but the principles apply in many (not all) places: If the bills are legitimate and issued by the federal government, they're legal tender and you can spend or deposit them. Old bills, especially silver certificates,  may be worth more than their face value to collectors (or may not).  Bills issued by banks, by the confederate states, or something like that have only collector's value (which will vary depending on exactly what they are and their condition). The value of money from another country will depend on the issuing country and exchange rates, of course. There's nothing wrong with windfall cash. The IRS may ask some nosy questions about it to make sure you aren't trying to hide something, but if you aren't deliberately trying to cheat them or hide something illegal that's generally harmless at worst.
Growing up poor leaves so many holes in your education. Not knowing how to manage money compounds the problems. What middle and upper class parents teach their children, I had to read a dozen books to learn. For example, negotiating starting pay. I didn't even know this was possible since minimum wage jobs pay- minimum wage. No negotiations.   I knew about dickering for a price when buying a car, but had no clue you could do this for other purchases. Clipping coupons was of course one of my skills, but had never bought in bulk to save money.   My dad taught me how to change a tire and the oil in my first beater, but I had never taken clothes to be dry cleaned or shoes to be resoled. Basically, I had never owned shoes worth repairing or clothes that couldn't be thrown in a washing machine with my jeans and tee shirts.   How do you choose where to invest your 401k? Had no clue. That required another six months of intense study and the help of a librarian.  You get thrown all these curve balls in your first real job that everyone else seemed to know all about it. Etiquette in a meeting. Proper handshake. Can I eat one of the muffins? Can I save one to go with my lunch? You feel silly, almost childish.
Don't really know but I can guess. Firstly, everyone thinks the price of gas is too high. You drive to work every day, and gas is basically the only product who's price is advertised from the street! From that perspective. So mentally, I argue, we overvalue an extra 1 percent discount on gas. It's only worth maybe 60 cents a month to me, but worth a lot of other interchance fees for the credit card company. Secondly, gas stations are a prime robbery target. Credit cards mean less cash in the till. And less chance for employees to steal from the till, and less chance of counterfit money. Finally, it's a competitive market. If stations don't accept a card, they'll lose business to elsewhere. There's a gas station on either side of an intersection, and you can always tell which station is a few cents cheaper because it's the one with customers fueling up while the other one is a ghost town. They feel they have to compete on convenience or go under, and the credit card companies recruit you into the game with higher cash back rewards.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.marketplace.org/2017/06/08/economy/kansas-legislature-rejects-2012-tax-cuts-once-seen-conservative-model) reduced by 80%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; In 2012, Brownback signed tax cuts that reduced income tax rates and eliminated income taxes for more than 300,000 business owners.  &gt; Kansas has been facing a two-year budget deficit approaching $900 million, and even some conservatives who don&amp;#039;t like tax increases said it was time for a change.  &gt; University of Kansas political science professor Patrick Miller said Brownback made this conservative economic model his brand - a signature policy that other states could copy.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6gc429/nonacademic_study_but_interesting_read_from/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~140565 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **tax**^#1 **state**^#2 **Brownback**^#3 **cuts**^#4 **budget**^#5"
This is a perennial favourite for fucktards and fools.  I simply walk away from any person who uses it. Because it is absolutely meaningless, except where someone uses it to try to justify retarded behaviour which has some miniscule hope of eventually paying off. It never does, for anyone using this piece of shit.
"No, you can't deduct any of that. What they're talking about is a flexible spending plan, otherwise known as ""Use it or lose it"" money.  You choose to put pre-tax dollars into a restricted fund.  This money is not taxed, in fact technically, it's not even income.  You can only spend out of that fund to buy parking, tolls, transit tickets, things like that.    Any money not used for those purposes in a suitable time period evaporates.   Gone, and irrecoverable.  You can't even take the loss as a tax deduction! You have to set this account up with your employer.   You can't just dig up your old transit and parking receipts and stick those on your Schedule A.   Take 3 people.   As you can see, Fran is shooting herself in the foot. This is where these plans can go wrong."
Companies already have to protect themselves against employees trading the company's shares with insider information. They typically do that in a number of ways: Taken together, this tends to mostly mitigate the risk of employees trading with insider information, though it's probably not perfect. In practice, the company itself's knowledge of insider information is the same as that of its senior management. So it makes sense for a company to be allowed to trade under the same conditions as its senior management. From https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2013/03/14/questions-surrounding-share-repurchases/ : If the company is repurchasing outside of a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan,   it should limit its purchases to open window periods when officers and   directors are able to buy and sell securities of the company. In   addition, the company also can choose to disclose any material   non-public information prior to any share repurchase if it is in   possession of material non-public information at a time when it is   seeking to make a share repurchase outside of a Rule 10b5-1 trading   plan. As mentioned in the quote, a company can also set up a trading plan in advance (at a time when it doesn't have inside information) to be executed unconditionally in the future. Then even if the company comes into possession of inside information, it won't be using this knowledge to direct trades.
"The government program to keep the unemployed from gaming the system that they mention isn't really what the article is about.  Most of their complaints are about internships, apprenticeships, and unpaid overtime for salaried employees.  The sectors that are most notorious for these sort of things are those that are often over-saturated with qualified candidates.  I work in graphic design.  The for-profit colleges in the US churn out graphic design graduates is disgustingly high numbers.  It's an easy program to sign people up for because is sounds fun.  ""Art is fun, computers are fun.  Make it a career!""  However there really aren't that many graphic design positions available.  Lots of unemployed or underemployed graphic designers means that more of them are willing to work for cheap or free to beef up their resumes.  Cheap freelance options means companies are getting rid of in-house designers.  Those of us that are left can no longer earn what we're worth but to keep doing what we love we have to suck it up and work the long unpaid hours for less pay.  similar things are taking place in a lot of sought after professions like finance, law, advertising, public relations, government, and various non-profits.  It's not terribly ethical, but it's hard to blame employers for not paying interns then they're salivating for a chance to run coffee just to get a foot in the door.  TL;DR: People want their long term career choice worse than they want to get paid immediately."
"In general, insurance payouts you receive in compensation for damage to your vehicle are not taxable income (see for instance this Nolo page). However, I don't see how that is related to your three bullet points about how your sister should buy her car.  You can transfer the money to her in any way that's convenient to both of you.  Whether the dealership will accept cash is something you'll have to ask them about, but my impression is most dealers are eager to accept cash. As long as the car you are getting from her is not worth substantially more than the $8500 you're giving her, I don't see that you'll be in trouble income-tax-wise.  As mentioned in the question you linked to, you can give each other up to $14k per year tax-free.  So if you give her a $8500 and she gives you a car worth roughly the same amount, no problem.  If you actually do it as a sale, even better, since then the only amount that will count as a gift to either of you is whatever one party gets above and beyond the fair value of the car.  (That is, if the car is worth $10000 but she sells it to you for $8500, she effectively gave you a gift of $1500 in car value.  If it's worth $7000 but she sells it to you for $8500, you gave her a gift of $1500 in cash.) As Rocky pointed out in a comment, if you do a sale it may be subject to sales tax depending on what state you're in.  In practice it is very common for people to not deal with sales tax in informal transactions like this between family members, but you do owe it if your state's laws require it, and the state could theoretically come after you for it. Another edit: I see from your comment you are in Michigan.  According to this page from the Michigan Secretary of State, ""no tax is due if you purchase a vehicle from an immediate family member"".  So you would not owe sales tax if you do it as a sale."
First you need to distinguish between short-term and long-term capital gains. In an IRA you can use investment strategies that incur short-term capital gains without being taxed as ordinary income. As mentioned in a comment above, with a Roth IRA, you can invest now at your low income tax rates and withdraw all gains without incurring any taxes at retirement time. You can also pull out your contributions penalty free before retirement age (59 1/2) if you've had the account for more than 5 years. You only pay taxes and penalties on the earnings. You can also make withdrawals for education expenses and you have one lifetime exclusion of $10,000 for a down-payment on a house.
"The short of it is that bonds are valued based on a fundamental concept of finance called the ""time value of money"". Stated simply, $100 one year from now is not the same as $100 now. If you had $100 now, you could use it to make more money and have more than $100 in a year. Conversely, if you didn't invest it, the $100 would not buy as much in a year as it would now, and so it would lose real value. Therefore, for these two benefits to be worth the same, the money received a year from now must be more than $100, in the amount of what you could make with $100 if you had it now, or at least the rate of inflation. Or, the amount received now could be less than the amount recieved a year from now, such that if you invested this lesser amount you'd expect to have $100 in a year. The simplest bonds simply pay their face value at maturity, and are sold for less than their face value, the difference being the cost to borrow the cash; ""interest"". These are called ""zero-coupon bonds"" and they're around, if maybe uncommon. The price people will pay for these bonds is their ""present value"", and the difference between the present value and face value determines a ""yield""; a rate of return, similar to the interest rate on a CD. Now, zero-coupon bonds are uncommon because they cost a lot. If I buy a zero-coupon bond, I'm basically tying up my money until maturity; I see nothing until the full bond is paid. As such, I would expect the bond issuer to sell me the bond at a rate that makes it worth my while to keep the money tied up. So basically, the bond issuer is paying me compound interest on the loan. The future value of an investment now at a given rate is given by FV = PV(1+r)t. To gain $1 million in new cash today, and pay a 5% yield over 10 years, a company or municipality would have to issue $1.629 million in bonds. You see the effects of the compounding there; the company is paying 5% a year on the principal each year, plus 5% of each 5% already accrued, adding up to an additional 12% of the principal owed as interest. Instead, bond issuers can offer a ""coupon bond"". A coupon bond has a coupon rate, which is a percentage of the face value of the bond that is paid periodically (often annually, sometimes semi-annually or even quarterly). A coupon rate helps a company in two ways. First, the calculation is very straightforward; if you need a million dollars and are willing to pay 5% over 10 years, then that's exactly how you issue the bonds; $1million worth with a 5% coupon rate and a maturity date 10 years out. A $100 5% coupon bond with a 10-year maturity, if sold at face value, would cost only $150 over its lifetime, making the total cost of capital only 50% of the principal instead of 62%. Now, that sounds like a bad deal; if the company's paying less, then you're getting less, right? Well yes, but you also get money sooner. Remember the fundamental principle here; money now is worth more than money later, because of what you can do with money between now and later. You do realize a lower overall yield from this investment, but you get returns from it quickly which you can turn around and reinvest to make more money. As such, you're usually willing to tolerate a lower rate of return, because of the faster turnaround and thus the higher present value. The ""Income Yield %"" from your table is also referred to as the ""Flat Yield"". It is a very crude measure, a simple function of the coupon rate, the current quote price and the face value (R/P * V). For the first bond in your list, the flat yield is (.04/114.63 * 100) = 3.4895%. This is a very simple measure that is roughly analogous to what you would expect to make on the bond if you held it for one year, collected the coupon payment, and then sold the bond for the same price; you'd earn one coupon payment at the end of that year and then recoup the principal. The actual present value calculation for a period of 1 year is PV = FV/(1+r), which rearranges to r = FV/PV - 1; plug in the values (present value 114.63, future value 118.63) and you get exactly the same result. This is crude and inaccurate because in one year, the bond will be a year closer to maturity and will return one less coupon payment; therefore at the same rate of return the present value of the remaining payout of the bond will only be $110.99 (which makes a lot of sense if you think about it; the bond will only pay out $112 if you bought it a year from now, so why would you pay $114 for it?). Another measure, not seen in the list, is the ""simple APY"". Quite simply, it is the yield that will be realized from all cash flows from the bond (all coupon payments plus the face value of the bond), as if all those cash flows happened at maturity. This is calculated using the future value formula: FV = PV (1+r/n)nt, where FV is the future value (the sum of the face value and all coupon payments to be made before maturity), PV is present value (the current purchase price), r is the annual rate (which we're solving for), n is the number of times interest accrues and/or is paid (for an annual coupon that's 1), and t is the number of years to maturity. For the first bond in the list, the simple APY is 0.2974%. This is the effective compound interest rate you would realize if you bought the bond and then took all the returns and stuffed them in a mattress until maturity. Since nobody does this with investment returns, it's not very useful, but it can be used to compare the yield on a zero-coupon bond to the yield on a coupon bond if you treated both the same way, or to compare a coupon bond to a CD or other compound-interest-bearing account that you planned to buy into and not touch for its lifetime. The Yield to Maturity, which IS seen, is the true yield percentage of the bond in time-valued terms, assuming you buy the bond now, hold it to maturity and all coupon payments are made on time and reinvested at a similar yield. This calculation is based on the simple APY, but takes into account the fact that most of the coupon payments will be made prior to maturity; the present value of these will be higher because they happen sooner. The YTM is calculated by summing the present values of all payments based on when they'll occur; so, you'll get one $4 payment a year from now, then another $4 in two years, then $4 in 3 years, and $104 at maturity. The present value of each of those payments is calculated by flipping around the future value formula: PV = FV/(1+r)t. The present value of the entire bond (its current price) is the sum of the present value of each payment: 114.63 = 4/(1+r) + 4/(1+r)2 + 4/(1+r)3 + 104/(1+r)4. You now have to solve for r, which is difficult to isolate; the easiest way to find the rate with a computer is to ""goal seek"" (intelligently guess and check).  Based on the formula above, I calculated a YTM of .314% for the first bond if you bought on Sept 7, 2012 (and thus missed the upcoming coupon payment). Buying today, you'd also be entitled to about 5 weeks' worth of the coupon payment that is due on Sept 07 2012, which is close enough to the present day that the discounted value is a rounding error, putting the YTM of the bond right at .40%. This is the rate of return you'll get off of your investment if you are able to take all the returns from it, when you receive them, and reinvest them at a similar rate (similar to having a savings account at that rate, or being able to buy fractional shares of a mutual fund giving you that rate)."
the math makes sense to invest instead of paying down, but... how much would you borrow at 3.5%, to invest the money into the stock market? It's the same question, just turned around.
Someone please feel free to correct me on this, but I believe the point is that the HSA is used to pay for that high deductible, and the insurance takes care of additional costs beyond the deductible.  I believe your premiums are lower as a result of the high deductible, but the HSA money helps to offset that cost of those deductibles when you encounter them.
The only certain way is to have the issuer confirm it. You'd think there would be a better way, but no there isn't. I suggest you read this story about what can happen even if you are the innocent victim trying to cash a fraudulent Cashier's Check. The consequences included some jail time and huge attorney fees for this unlucky person.
This is actually a very good point - any money that is spent on an employee in excess of the bare minimum required for them to perform their job should be viewed as a component of total rewards. You can directly extend OP's logic to any other form of compensation or benefits - Why let public employees take PTO except for when mandated by federal or state law? Why not target the 10th percentile of the market for all federal jobs? Why provide employees with retirement benefits? The answer to all of the above is that all elements of a total rewards package are necessary to attract, retain, and develop good employees.      I've done consulting in the sphere of organizational structure, design, and development. I've seen the type of employees that a bare-bones total rewards philosophy attracts, and I'm not sure that I want them working for the public.
Really?  the Post Office is the only anti-competitive resource you have?  You've brought it up what, four times now?  Tell me, what are the other anti-competitive things you are worried about?  Trump's tax cuts for the rich?  That's gonna bring a ton of competition /s  Oh wait!  It does the OPPOSITE!  Yes, The Post Office is bad for competition!  I already agreed with this!  Why are we rehashing it?!
I think what you will see is Amazon turning into a Sams/costco style where they have warehouse shopping centers to directly compete with other club memberships. If they get buildings added to the shopping package they offer, prime memberships will skyrocket and then the days might be numbered for Costco and Sams. How do you compete with a company that offers shipping at a loss to them and can now compete with all your in store options.
I have run Noscript and a version of ad blocker for years.  Google is not doing it for us but to protect their precious ad revenue. Less intrusive ads might not get blocked.   I also really hate the ads that blink. That is what got me started on ad blocker.   All I can say is that it's about time that some restraint was used to keep the visual and auditory pollution down.
Best Soccer Balls offers a great selection of the cheaper and premium soccer balls in the industry. From premium match balls and game balls to keeper training soccer balls and indoor soccer balls, Best cheap soccer balls. We strive to keep all of the new soccer balls and accessories in stock for our valuable customers. Our selection of Nike, Adidas soccer balls includes premium game balls.
&gt; They pay for it with tax money. Why would they have to make people work for free that doesn't even make sense.  Where do you think tax money comes from?  If you pay a 25% tax rate, for every 100 hours you work, you are forced to work 25% of those for free.  Do you think the poor in America are in danger of starving to death?  They are one of the most obese groups in all of human history.  They are not in danger of starving.  Most people don't want tons of kids, but those in poverty have 15% more children than the rest of us.  That is a dangerous statistic that should be addressed.  You cannot escape from poverty by adding more bills and responsibility.
"Fair enough. I used to travel a lot (within a 100km of my home) and ended up eating at a lot of McDonalds. Ones that hadn't been renovated for the new ""look"", were near a border or were in a Walmart tended to be shittier. Ones in downtown used to be pretty consistent but I guess that probably has a bit to do with them being busier as well (no shitty McChickens that are crunchy because they've been heated too long).      Location | Food ---|--- France (Paris DT) | Good, fresh (as can be), slightly smaller portions US border (pennselvania) | sloppy as fuck, tons of sauce Italy (Rome) | Pretty good, like france except normal portions Germany (Frankfurt Airport) | pretty shit, stale burgers, stale fries, flat pop [armenians working there don't give a fuck] Malaysia (Kuala Lampur) | Acceptable, some local options on the menu Denmark | Pretty good, but different from NA McDicks. Different batter used on fried chicken, mayo tastes like grocery store stuff (for better or for worse) Sweden/Norway | See denmark London (Heathrow Airport) | Good, see italy Sri Lanka (Colombo DT) | Some odd topping choices, got a McChicken with cheese, not my thing personally Toronto DT | Hot food and fresh (as can be)"
If Trump does well, which I am 90% sure he will, then I will vote for him again.  Unless (!!!!), the DNC fight and fix the corruption in it and a descent Democratic candidate is chosen. I give less than 10% chance for this to happen (DNC fixing itself).   Hence, even if the DNC fix itself and we have a candidate like Kamala Harris (crazy far-left), I will not vote Democrats.  **I would have voted for Democrat O'Mally in the last elections if was nominated. But Hillary rigged it against him and Bernie.**
Event Organizers – If you are looking for experienced and expert event planners in Manchester, then you are just at the right place. Inevent offers event planning services in Manchester, UK. The company has A grade event management team to make your event the most memorable, inspiring and effective.
&gt; and have it be predominantly black  No idea where you got that but lets assume its legit / accurate. How would it be legal under non discrimination laws? Also, again if this is legit, good luck with it. (site turns into a ghetto in 3... 2..)
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/crypto] [$100bn Challenge (weak crypto)](https://np.reddit.com/r/crypto/comments/6govis/100bn_challenge_weak_crypto/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
Right you just summed up the conventional wisdom, which is pretty much that poor people are stupid. But in small experiments so far, it's turned out that poor people know exactly what their biggest problem is, and when they've got the money they fix that problem. It's not always what know-it-all Westerners expected, but it's usually effective.
*Checks comments to see if anyone has any interesting or intelligent takes on this that maybe I haven't thought of.   *Sees 2 idiots pretending that climate change isn't real? Or something? Not even really sure what they're trying to say.   *Leaves  Edit: *Gets down voted by idiot climate change deniers.   *Still knows they're morons.
I don't think there is a legal requirement that you need a separate bank account. Just remember that you can only take money from your LLC as salary (paying tax), as dividend (paying tax), or as a loan (which you need to repay, including and especially if the LLC goes bankrupt). So make very sure that your books are in order.
could I decline it so the money would be returned back to the account they were transferred from? As a general banking practise, there is nothing automated that will allow you to mark something as return the funds. You would have to approach your Bank with a written statement mentioning that you don't recognise this credit as belonging to you and request the bank to take appropriate action.
A) Q1) No, you beat the system, you benefit from flip side of 'use it or lose it'    Q2) You need to ask, they may have a $50/week limit, or they may divide the amount you wish by remaining time in year. They may also not let you start till next enrollment period. B) Q1) No, in fact, you just lost $400 that you deposited but didn't spend. Q2) You missed the opportunity to spend an extra $1000 as well, but the loss was opportunity not pocket. Q3) Same as Q2 above, ask them. C) These accounts are not coupled. I'd change the law to do so, however, I am not a congressman.
"When you give a gift to another person or receive a gift from another person there is no impact on your taxes. You do not have to report certain amounts in your income, including the following: ...   -most gifts and inheritances; http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/tx/ndvdls/tpcs/ncm-tx/rtrn/cmpltng/rprtng-ncm/nttxd-eng.html If you give a gift to a charity or similar organization you can reduce your taxes. It is my recollection that when a family member gives a large amount of money to a child, tax on the income that money earns (typically interest) should be paid by the giver, not the child, but I can't find any publications to that effect on the CRA Site. There is a bit of language about ""Gifts"" from an employer that are really employment income: Gifts and other voluntary payments 1.3 The term gift is not defined in the Act. In common law jurisdictions, the courts have said that a bona fide gift exists when:   •There is a voluntary transfer of property,   •A donor freely disposes of his or her property to a donee, and   •The donee confers no right, privilege, material benefit, or advantage on the donor or on a person designated by the donor. 1.4 Whether a transfer of property has been made voluntarily is a question of fact. In order for a transfer to be considered voluntary, there must be no obligation to make such a transfer. Amounts received as gifts, that is, voluntary transfers without consideration and which cannot be attributed to an income-earning source, are not subject to tax in the hands of the recipient. 1.5 However, sometimes individuals receive a voluntary payment or other valuable transfer or benefit by virtue of an office or employment from an employer, or from some other person. In such cases, the amount of the payment or the value of the transfer or benefit is generally included in employment income pursuant to subsection 5(1) or paragraph 6(1)(a). (See also Guide T4130, Employers’ Guide - Taxable Benefits and Allowances.) Similarly, voluntary payments (or other transfers or benefits) received by virtue of a profession or in the course of carrying on a business are taxable receipts. http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/tx/tchncl/ncmtx/fls/s3/f9/s3-f9-c1-eng.html#N10244 If the people in question are adults who are not related to each other and don't have a business or employment relationship, then you should find that regardless of the amount of the gift, neither giver nor recipient will have a tax consequence."
"The abysmal stats on personal savings concern me the most.  When push comes to shove, these people will vote to steal from those of us who made wise financial decisions and were responsible savers.  Forced draw downs of 401k's before retirement age?  Taxation on internal gains in retirement plans?  ""Wealth"" taxes on retirement balances?  It's coming in some form or another.  Stay vigilant!"
There is a clear difference between investing and gambling.  When you invest, you are purchasing an asset that has value. It is purchased in the hopes that the asset will either increase in value or generate income. This definition holds true whether you are investing in shares of stock, in real estate, or in a comic book collection. You can also purchase debt: if you loan money, you own debt that will (hopefully) be repaid and generate income.  Gambling is playing a game for chance. When you gamble, you have not purchased an asset; you have only paid to participate in a game. Some games have a degree of skill (blackjack, poker), others are pure chance (slot machine). In most gambling games, the odds are against the player and in favor of the one running the game.  Lottery tickets, without a doubt, are gambling.  There is a good article on Investopedia that discusses the difference between investing and gambling in more detail.  One thing that this article discusses is the house edge, or the advantage that the people running a gambling game have over the players.  With most casino games, the house has an advantage of between 1 and 15% over the players.  With a typical lottery, the house edge is 50%. To address some of the points made by the OP's recent edit and in the comments: I do not think the definitions of investment and gambling need to be dependent on expected value.  There can be bad investments, where the odds of a good result are low.  Similarly, there could be gambling games where the odds are in the player's favor, either due to the skill of the player or through some quirk of the game; it's still gambling. Investing is purchasing an asset; gambling is a game of chance. I do not consider a lottery ticket an asset.  When you buy a lottery ticket, you are just paying a fee to participate in a game.  It is the same as putting a coin in a slot machine.  The fact that you are given a piece of paper and made to wait a few days for the result do not change this. Assets have inherent value.  They might be valuable because of their ability to generate income (stocks, bonds, debt), their utility (precious metals, commodities, real estate), or their desirability as a thing of beauty (collectibles), for example.  A lottery ticket, however, is only an element of a game.  It has no value other than in the game.
That article was proven to be inaccurate because they did not account for a lot of factors. Here's a good article that summarizes their mistakes and poor assumptions. https://cleantechnica.com/2017/06/22/swedish-ev-battery-study-sucks/  It's ok to try to be fair but do it with accurate studies and good science.
Yes, you are getting shafted. In the end, you will have paid the full price of the condo, but still own only 25% of it. Your parents' stake in the home should decrease as you repay the loan. The way it is now, they're getting 75% of your condo for free!
"Your interpretation is *reasonable*, yes. But I think the author -- here, at least -- has an alternative interpretation that applies just as frequently.  In a large and/or public company, especially one that is not in a strong growth period, there is an *incredible* incentive to not get blamed -- and therefore, fired or undesirably transferred -- if something goes wrong.   The CYA approach may lead to a better decision by seeking best practices, or it may not. A given situation may be better served by some variation on best practicies. But the author is right in that CYA is top-of-mind in decision-making for many.  If something fails, but the decision-maker has done sufficient CYA -- ""We followed best practices but we hit a perfect storm of headwinds..."" -- then failure doesn't matter."
Simple.  Say in 2012 you were up 50% (brilliant) but then in 2013 you were down 50% (sorry). i.e. if you started with $1000, you were up to $1500, then down to $750. You lost $250 overall. If you were to compute the mean of the percentages using each method, then: Arithmetic mean: The average of +50% and -50% (really 150% and 50% of each period's initial value) is zero, not up or down. Geometric mean: 1.5 * .5 = .75, i.e. you are down 25% over 2 years, or about 13.4% per year. It should be clear the Geometric makes more sense in such a case.
No. Investors purchase ETFs' as they would any other stock, own it under the same circumstances as an equity investment, collecting distributions instead of dividends or interest. The ETF takes care of the internal operations (bond maturities and turnover, accrued interest, payment dates, etc.).
"If you speak English maybe put a sign up saying that you do.  I would prefer an English speaking driver over a non English speaking driver simply because it would be easier to communicate.  Maybe add some bright colors to make it more inviting?  Have a sign that says ""Free Smiles/Laughs With Ride"".  Start an Instagram page and become active on social media.    Best of luck, if I am ever in Siem Reap I will find you for a ride."
Generally, anyone can. Selling them is an interesting point, as the buyer has a counterparty risk that you won't be able to pay at the term of the contract. So, if I was a vendor buying a derivative in my example, I would definitely get that derivative from a bank as opposed to my friend Jim Bob. Especially in cases of bespoke derivatives, it doesn't make sense for anyone except people who have material interest to by it, as the expectation value of the hedge is negative. Essentially, you're more likely to lose money than gain money from a hedge. The exception is when you have information above that of the market, which could allow for a positive return. That is the reason that people advocate for derivatives as mechanisms of price discovery, because large imbalances aren't likely to form when someone could arbitrage or even just take positions when the market goes out of whack. That only really works in publically traded markets, however, bespoke derivatives don't really contribute to better pricing afaik.  Of course, that's the simple explanation to a huge, complex, and varied field. Certainly, speculators exist, particularly in the more commoditized derivatives. Especially in the leadup to the financial crisis, large amounts were spent on exotic derivatives that blew up in people's faces. The easiest thing to say about them is that they are double edged swords. In theory, they're fantastic, as it allows risk to be spread around to people that want it. It should lead to a safer system, as hedged comapnies are less exposed to shocks and are more resilient. But in practice, we've alao seen them used as risk concentrators (AIG). We've seen cases where correlations arise that weren't assumed before, and what used to be manageable positions become lead weights. We've seen the dangers that large systemically important financial institutions have when they are a counterparty to tens of trillions in notional derivatives, as when they fail the risk of failure is over every derivative they are counterparty to, not just the hedged exposure.   Sorry, this is more than you asked for. I tend to get carried away.
Ihre Zahungen sind bei uns sicher --Für jedes Unternehmen kommt irgendwann der Punkt, an dem ein Mahnverfahren notwendig wird. Hier gilt es wichtige Fristen einzuhalten, über die man sich vorab entsprechend informieren sollte um ein korrektes Verfahren durchzuführen.
"Even for me (I keep a fair bit of ""cash"" on hand because I'm self-employed) it would be a challenge to keep 5k in my checking account all the time when it could be in tax-deferred accounts making me money instead. I put the bare minimum in checking every two weeks as I've found when I leave money there it gets spent."
I don't think you can make that comparison at all. The '02 prius isn't using the same battery type as a new hybrid or EV and the charge/discharge and usage cycles are different between EV's and hybrids. There hasn't been enough EV's on the market to get good data as of yet, but the Leaf has had issues with failing batteries in warm climates. Nissan also claims that the battery should lose about 20% of it's performance over 60k miles (a far cry from negligible).
Bất cứ khi nào bạn muốn cải thiện điều kiện nhà với vật liệu chất lượng cao của thạch cao hoặc trang trí trần nhà. Điều này sẽ giúp bạn tiết kiệm được rất nhiều nỗ lực và số tiền bạn phải trả cho một chuyên gia để làm lợi cho bạn. Với những chương trình như vậy, bạn tin tưởng vào những kết quả nhanh chóng với một cú nhấp chuột máy tính. Cải tạo, cải tạo, sửa chữa phát triển, thi cong tran thach cao và các công trình khác. Để phân tích nhanh hơn, hãy đảm bảo bạn biết từ khóa và cụm từ tìm kiếm, ví dụ: Trần giả có thể được làm từ các chất khác nhau bao gồm Thạch cao, Khoáng chất Khoáng sản và Kim loại.
"&gt;&gt;&gt; it means you can't compare education to any good for sale  &gt;&gt; Why not?  &gt; For the reason that I already gave  I don't know what reason that is.  You sort of suggested that education is not a good because you are forced to buy it but you're not forced and even if you were that doesn't mean it's not a good.  Otherwise you have just repeated that ""Education is not a consumable good"" without any justification.  &gt; Who pays for inner city public schools? Not the students that want part of being there  By that logic, children's toys are not a product either because the kids who play with them don't pay for them."
Assuming you max-out your Roth IRA with $5000 in inflation-adjusted contributions every year from 25-65, your balance at age 65 will depend on the post-inflation return you get in the account.  Assuming you withdraw 4% per year after that, here is what your income will be: (All numbers are in inflation-adjusted 2011 dollars.)   If your post-inflation return is zero - if you buy treasury bonds, money-market accounts, or something like that - you'll have a simple $5000 * 40 = $200,000, which will give you an income of around $8000 per year. If you get a 3% post-inflation return - e.g. fairly safe Muni bonds, corporate bonds, and boring stocks - you'll approximately double your money to around $393,000, giving you an income of over $15,000 per year. If you get a 6% return - e.g. more aggressive stocks and more risk-taking - you'll approximately double your money again to over $825,000.  A 4% withdrawal rate will give you an income of around $33,000 per year. Stocks have historically returned around inflation + 8% - that will get you over $1.4 million - and an annual income of over $56,000 per year. So, yes, it is feasible to retire on nothing but a maxed-out Roth IRA.
Listening to the only Engineer's *Union* that I know of trying to argue for their union employees is novel, only because it's engineers.   There is nothing fundamentally wrong with outsourcing, but it does have to be done right. Too often, project managers just see it as a cost savings without really understanding the proper methods and costs to do so.   My guess is that, if you haven't done large-scale outsourcing before, you should expect the total might be more than doing it in-house. The benefit of outsourcing should be a better product and, eventually, a somewhat reduced total cost.
Everyone just wants to argue about Trump. Sure, he's a moron and doing an awful job, but while we're busy fighting about it, the rest of the government is free to mold things as they please, with the masses none the wiser.
"So, let's dump the specified way of doing things because it doesn't implement someone's pet project; is that your argument? ""Executive Orders"" are orders *to the Executive Branch*. Executive-branch agencies *aren't making laws*.  If you think things ought to work as your fantasy describes, get cracking on a Constitutional amendment to make it so; stop throwing ""war on whites"" and ""don't believe in science"" strawmen in the mix. They aren't arguments."
And the fact that if notes trade up high enough they tend to get taken out with lower yielding notes (pending the call schedule), so in theory there is more limited upside in high-yield, whereas equity could theoretically trade to infinity.  The positives for high-yield is that they generate monthly cash flow via coupon payments and have less down-side relative to equities. Naturally this lower down-side comes at the expense of lower up-side as well.
"Not if they're unfunded and the company goes under, they don't.  And more accurately, defined benefit plans have (perceived) value only to people who don't have the first clue how to soundly invest their own retirement funds - Which admittedly means ""almost everyone"".  But TANSTAAFL - Even the rare pension plan that is fully funded and soundly invested will *still* tend to underpeform the market as a whole.  If you really want to lock in a sub-5% return, just sink your entire retirement into whole-life annuities and you can gleefully call it a ""pension""."
"At this point the planet will cook due to the 30 gigatons of methane that will be released from the melting permafrost (and other similar feedback loops such as anticipated vast releases from the warming oceans etc.) pretty much regardless of the economic system.  But Capitalism's general ""profit at any cost"" mentality would seem to make it particularly poorly suited to even slowing the cook..."
It's because they're used to it and it works for them.  Everything other reason is meh. Used to, you could float a check to payday... have no money in the account, yet write a check a couple days before payday because you know that's how long it takes for the check to get to your bank and when it does, you'll have the money.   But most (if not all) business that still accept checks (a dying subset, for sure) electronically present the check now.  They take it from your hand, run it through a machine at the register, and it immediately clears the bank, just like a debit card would.   We're nearing the end of the check era, atleast on personal accounts.  Kids growing up now won't even know what a check is, aside from it's namesake on a type of bank account.
Is it normal in QuickBooks to have credit card expenses being shows as   liabilities? Is there a way I can correct this? If they are expenses they shouldn't be negative liabilities unless you overpaid your credit card by that amount. It sounds like perhaps when you linked the account the credit/debit mapping may have been mixed up. I've not used QB Online, but it looks like you might have to un-link the account, move all the existing transactions to 'excluded' and then link the account again and flip-flop the debit/credit mapping from what it is now. Hopefully there's an easier way. This QB community thread seems to address the same issue.
"Yes, I would agree we are arguing two things. One that is reality, and what that is not.   Reality is that while living in modern civilization, there is going to be a ""tax"" that we all have to pay, no matter where we are for the creation and maintenance of that stability."
Micromax is a very interesting company. Their made to order chinese phones are shit, but cheap. At the most they are value for money. Which makes them a huge player in India. Combined with good marketing, somewhat acceptable after sales and some android magic, this company is raking in billions. They should really invest some of this money into R&amp;D, imho. Manufacture something at least.
Because people bought their shares under the premise that they would make more money and if the company completely lied about that they will be subject to several civil and criminal violations. If people didn't believe the company was going to make more money, they would have valued their shares lower during the IPO by not forming much of a market at all.
It definitely depends on the exchange you are trading on. I'm not familiar with Scottrade, but a standard practice is to fulfill limit orders in the order they are placed.   Most of the time, you wouldn't see stocks trade significantly under your bid price, but since penny stocks are very volatile, it's more likely their price could drop quickly past your bid and then return above it while only fulfilling a portion of the orders placed. Example 1. Penny stock priced at $0.12 2. Others place limit orders to buy at $0.10 3. You place limit order to buy at $0.10 4. Stock price drops to $0.07 and some orders are filled (anything $0.07 or higher) based on a first-come first-served basis 5. Due to the increase in purchases of the penny stock, the price rises above $0.10 before your order is filled ***EDIT*** - Adding additional clarification from comment section. A second example If the price drops from $0.12 to $0.07, then orders for all prices from $0.07 and above will start to be filled from the oldest order first. That might mean that the oldest order was a limit buy order for 100 shares at $0.09, and since that is above the current ask price, it will be filled first. The next order might be for 800 shares at $0.07. It's possible for a subset of these to be filled (let's say 400) before the share's price increases from the increased demand. Then, if the price goes above $0.10, your bid will not be filled during that time.
"What you're asking for is a short-term, large return investment. When looking for big returns in a short period of time, risk is inevitable. The more risk you are willing to assume, the higher your potential returns. Of course, the flip is is that the higher your risk, the higher the potential to lose all your money! Since this is an exercise for school (and not real money and not your life savings) your best bet is to ""go big or go home"". You can safely assume 100% risk! Don't look for value stocks, dividend stocks, or anything that pays a steady return over a long period of time. Instead, look for something risky that has the potential of going up, up, up in the next few months. Are you allowed to trade options in your fake portfolio? Options can have big risk and big reward potential. Penny stocks are super volatile, too. Do some research, look for a fad. In other words, you will most likely lose it all. But you get a little lucky, you could win this thing outright by making some risky investments. A 5% chance of winning $3000 vs 95% of going broke may be pretty good odds if everyone else is value investing for just a few months. You will need to get lucky. Go big or go home!"
"I don't know sports or athletes, but: https://coed.com/2016/08/29/tim-duncan-net-worth-how-much-is-tim-duncan-worth-money-spurs-nba-contract/  Sounds like yes, exactly like Duncan did.  edit: ""From 2005 to 2013, Tim Duncan lost $20 million due to to bad investments suggested to him by his financial advisor, Charles Banks, which ended in a lawsuit.""  Okay, I see the reference, that's shitty that he lost 20m, but that's the nature of investing."
Sarcasm value aside... Suppose there was a gas leak in a building and somebody predicted that there would be an explosion.  Would you think that prediction is worthless if they couldn't tell you exactly when or which spark, cigarette lighter, or device would actually ignite the gas?  Well ... that's what he's saying.
"Source?? Let me see all your evidence. What apps are you downloading and giving info too without permission? They have to request data and you have to click on ""allow""-- its baked into the API. Please show me your sources that show Apple knowingly allows apps to have and distribute my personal information without asking for permission.   These apps have access to all the encrypted data on my phone without my knowledge?? Please show me sources."
My friend lent that book to me over the summer, I read it in a few days, I couldn't put it down. The topic and his writing was so provocative that it made me want to pursue a career in finance. If you have other book recommendations I would greatly appreciate it.
Not directly an answer to your question, but somewhat related: There are derivatives (whose English name I sadly don't know) that allow to profit from breaking through an upper or alternatively a lower barrier. If the trade range does not hit either barrier you lose. This kind of derivative is useful if you expect a strong movement in either direction, which typically occurs at high volume.
One of the many reasons why condominiums became popular in the Philippines as a modern family-home is because of its location, in which most of these types of [condo in Philippines](http://www.ayalalandpremier.com/One-serendra.php) are found outside Metro Manila, either in the outskirts or in some popular neighboring provinces surrounding the capital, such as in Tagaytay and Laguna. These types of condominiums are known as condominium complexes.
You can look at buying a house as being a long term investment in not paying rent.   In the short time there are costs to buying (legal, taxes, etc).   This depends on only buying house of the size/location you need e.g. no better then what you would have rented. House buying tent to work out best when there is high inflation, as the rent you would otherwise be paying goes up with  inflation – provided you can live with the short term pain of high interest rates.
"The risk is that you will owe the bank the principal amount of the mortgage. Based on your question it would be foolish for you to sign. Anyone who describes a mortgage as ""something"" obviously has no idea what they are doing and should never sign a mortgage which is a promise to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars. You would be doubly foolish to sign the mortgage because if you are guaranteeing the loan, you own nothing. So, for example, if your friend sold the house, pocketed the money, then left the country you would owe the full amount of the mortgage. Since you are not on the deed there is no way you can prevent this from happening. He does not need your approval to sell the house. So, essentially what your ""friend"" is doing is asking you to assume all the risk of the mortgage with none of the benefits, since he gets the house, not you. If a ""girlfriend"" is involved, that just increases the risk you will have a problem. Also, although it is not clear, it appears this is a second house for him. If so, that disqualifies him from any mortgage assistance or relief, so the risk is even higher. Basically, it would foolish in the extreme to co-sign the loan."
Competing against other groups and against computers.   In this course we have some point in the future where we face a crisis. I would think I need to keep my debt levels low incase I need to get a long-term loan to cover my expenses over the 3rd year. In that case I might just hold off until before that date to maximize the debt load.  I also don't know what effect on our stock price our balance sheet has. I feel like when I analyze companies and see their balance sheets have a lot of debt I shy away depending on their share price.
"Your math is correct. These kind of returns are possible in the capital markets. (By the way, Google Finance shows something completely different for $CANV than my trading console in ThinkorSwim, ToS shows a high of $201, but I believe there may have been some reverse splits that are not accurately reflected in either of these charts) The problems with this strategy are liquidity and timing. Let's talk about liquidity, because that is a greater factor here than the random psychological factors that would have affected you LONG LONG before your $1,000 allowance was worth a million dollars. If you bought $1000 worth of this stock at $.05 share, this would have been 20,000 shares. The week of October 11th, 2011, during the ENTIRE WEEK only 5,000 shares were traded. From this alone, you can see that it would have been impossible for you to even acquire 20,000 shares, for yourself at $.05 because there was nobody to sell them to you. We can't even look at the next week, because there WERE NO TRADES WHATSOEVER, so we have to skip all the way to November 11th, where indeed over 30,000 shares were traded. But this pushed the price all the way up to $2.00, again, there was no way you could have gotten 20,000 shares at $.05 So now, lets talk about liquidation of your shares. After several other highs and lows in the $20s and $30s, are you telling me that after holding this stock for 2 years you WOULDN'T have taken a $500,000 profit at $25.00 ? We are talking about someone that is investing with $1,000 here. I have my doubts that there was no time between October 2011 and January 2014 that you didn't think ""hm this extra $100,000 would be really useful right now.. sell!"" Lets say you actually held your $1,000 to $85.55 there were EXACTLY TWO DAYS where that was the top of the market, and in those two days the volume was ~24,000 shares one day and ~11,000 shares the next day. This is BARELY enough time for you to sell your shares, because you would have been the majority of the volume, most likely QUADRUPLING the sell side quotes. As soon as the market saw your sell order there would be a massive selloff of people trying to sell before you do, because they could barely get their shares filled (not enough buyers) let alone someone with five times the amount of shares that day. Yes, you could have made a lot of money. Doing that simplistic math does not tell you the whole story."
Compound interest is your friend. For such a low amount of cash, just pop it into savings accounts or deposits. When you reach about 1.500€ buy one very defensive stock that pays high dividends. With deposits, you don't risk anything, with one stock, you can lose 100% of the investment. That's why it's important to buy defensive stock (food, pharma, ...). Every time you hit 1.500€ after, buy another stock until you have about 10 different stock in different sectors, in different countries. Then buy more stock of the ones you have in portfolio. You're own strategy is pretty good also.
"Probably the most important thing in evaluating a dividend yield is to compare it to ITSELF (in the past). If the dividend yield is higher than it has been in the past, the stock may be cheap. If it is lower, the stock may be expensive. Just about every stock has a ""normal"" yield for itself. (It's zero for non-dividend paying stocks.) This is based on the stock's perceived quality, growth potential, and other factors. So a utility that normally yields 5% and is now paying 3% is probably expensive (the price in the denominator is too high), while a growth stock that normally yields 2% and is now yielding 3% (e.g. Intel or McDonald'sl), may be cheap."
Why? Grocery stores had minimum wage employees as well. You made no sense at all there. People not being able to pay slave wages and still maintain huge corporate profits, OMG the horror! Yeah it's those god damn waiters and cooks needing to pay rent and bills fault! Yeah same to ya.  Oh and reading comprehension is a thing. I said I've run several businesses. One was a restaurant and bar too!
The house becomes an asset belonging to the estate of Alice.  The debt also goes with the estate.  The executor of the will should arrange for the debt to be paid off as part of sorting out the estate - they can't just hand out all the assets and leave nothing to pay off the debts. This could be done by selling the house.  But in practice, the executor and the mortgage lender may both be happy if Bob takes out a mortgage, uses that to pay the debt, then inherits the house.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/minimum-wage-analysis-1.4141311) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A recent analysis from the Washington-based National Employment Law Project says that more often than not, minimum wage hikes create far more jobs than they kill, about 12 months down the line.  &gt; Proponents of minimum wage hikes argue they are a net positive for the economy, as they give a large number of low-paid workers more money, which they are more likely to go out and spend.  &gt; Minimum wage hikes initially tend to disproportionately impact retail and restaurant workers.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6f6y80/boosting_the_economy_from_the_bottom_up_why/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~136151 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **wage**^#1 **more**^#2 **minimum**^#3 **job**^#4 **work**^#5"
ode2k noted the liquidity can very wildly especially 9 months out and there will be little volume even in the largest stocks.  Victor noted standard measures of liquidity don't always apply cleanly to options as they are priced using a hybrid of model and market inputs.  So your question is generally very hard to answer on SE, but you can get an answer yourself without too much trouble. The best way to get a feel for slippage in your case is to just get quotes.  Most systems should let you get a quote for both buying and selling options at the same time.  This will give you a feeling for how much you are paying in spread.  Do the same for near dated options to get a feeling for spread size when you end up selling. You should factor in some widening of spreads at bad times, but this should get you a feeling for the scale of the slippage problem.
"What is even more disturbing is the loss of navigational ability. People who dont ever have to drive without the aid of a machine lose their sense of direction. Everyplace in some parts of the country just stops having any deeper, contextual meaning. ""This is where so and so lives"" or ""This is where I skinned my knee in that bike accident when I was 12."" to them its might as well be basically a procedural landscape that was generated in a video game.   If people ever watched the Truman Show where every two miles everything- all the stores on the corners, they just start to repeat. In the land of stripmalls, since everything looks the same everywhere, they have no sense of where they are. People might ""go home"" and even go into the wrong house."
If you're so passionate about it you should have brought the case initially. If you hate the attorneys fees you should have gone to law school for 3 years (borrowed $150k to do it) then passed the bar and litigated this suit yourself with your own $2 million to fund it.
The way reddit works so well with news proves that news sites don't have to organize themselves around huge profit and centralized reputation. The quality of journalism will probably suffer if the current businesses go belly up but then I compare late 2000's youtube channels with how highly-professional most youtube channels are becoming now and I realize that these disruptive processed take a little time.
An instant 15% profit sounds good to me, so you can't go wrong selling as soon as you are able. Here are a couple other considerations: Tax implications: When you sell the stock, you have to pay taxes on the profit (including that 15% discount). The tax rate you pay is based on how long you wait to sell it. If you wait a certain amount of time (usually 2 years, but it will depend on your specific tax codes) before you sell, you could be subject to lower tax rates on that profit. See here for a more detailed description. This might only apply if you're in the US. Since you work for the company, you may be privy to a bit more information about how the company is run and how likely it is to grow. As such, if you feel like the company is headed in the right direction, you may want to hold on the the stock for a while.  I am generally wary of being significantly invested in the company you work for. If the company goes south, then the stock price will obviously drop, but you'll also be at risk to be laid off. As such you're exposed much more risk than investing in other companies. This is a good argument to sell the stock and take the 15% profit.*  * - I realize your question wasn't really about whether to sell the stock, but more for when, but I felt this was relevant nonetheless.
Yes, that's correct.
Apricot maltipoo puppies are the most wonderful pet dog that you can have with the confidence of having the best one.  They are awesomely wonderful and adorably petite and attractive to look at. This breed enjoys a tremendous popularity among the dog lovers and makes for a perfect pet to cuddle up.
Could you talk to the company you currently work for and see what your boss recommends? She or he would probably have a deep understanding of the corporate structure and would be able to help you figure out your path since they know you personally.
Nah... I think it's important for everyone to know just how fucked up the US judicial industrial complex actually is...  ...that way they don't get too surprised when it actually gets around to screwing them on a personal basis.
On $4K/mo gross about $1000/mo can go to the mortgage, and at today's rates, that's about $200K of mortgage the bank might lend you.  Income is qualified based on gross, not net, so if $48,000/yr is wrong, please scale my guesstimate down a bit. In the end, today's rates allow a mortgage of nearly 4X one's gross income. This is too high, in my opinion. I'm answering what the bank would approve you at, not what I think is wise. Wise, in my opinion is 2.5-3X one's income, tops.
"I'm assuming that by saying ""I'm a US resident now"" you're referring to the residency determination for tax purposes. Should I file a return in the US even though there is no income here ? Yes. US taxes its residents for tax purposes (which is not the same as residents for immigration or other purposes) on worldwide income. If yes, do I get credits for the taxes I paid in India. What form   would I need to submit for the same ? I am assuming this form has to   be issued by IT Dept in India or the employer in India ? The IRS doesn't require you to submit your Indian tax return with your US tax return, however they may ask for it later if your US tax return comes under examination. Generally, you claim foreign tax credits using form 1116 attached to your tax return. Specifically for India there may also be some clause in the Indo-US tax treaty that might be relevant to you. Treaty claims are made using form 8833 attached to your tax return, and I suggest having a professional (EA/CPA licensed in your State) prepare such a return. Although no stock transactions were done last year, should I still   declare the value of total stocks I own ? If so what is an approx. tax   rate or the maximum tax rate. Yes, this is done using form 8938 attached to your tax return and also form 114 (FBAR) filed separately with FinCEN. Pay attention: the forms are very similar with regard to the information you provide on them, but they go to different agencies and have different filing requirements and penalties for non-compliance. As to tax rates - that depends on the types of stocks and how you decide to  treat them. Generally, the tax rate for PFIC is very high, so that if any of your stocks are classified as PFIC - you'd better talk to a professional tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State) about how to deal with them. Non-PFIC stocks are dealt with the same as if they were in the US, unless you match certain criteria described in the instructions to form 5471 (then a different set of rules apply, talk to a licensed tax adviser). I will be transferring most of my stock to my father this year, will   this need to be declared ? Yes, using form 709. Gift tax may be due. Talk to a licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State). I have an apartment in India this year, will this need to be declared   or only when I sell the same later on ? If there's no income from it - then no (assuming you own it directly in your own name, for indirect ownership - yes, you do), but when you sell you will have to declare the sale and pay tax on the gains. Again, treaty may come into play, talk to a tax adviser. Also, be aware of Section 121 exclusion which may make it more beneficial for you to sell earlier."
In independent blind testing the Aldi private brands always perform very well. Just because something has a brand name that you know does not mean that it has to have high quality.  The Aldi brands are of course also only off-brand until you become used to them.
This study fails to note that a higher minimum wage is a significant factor in the stronger seattle economy, which they conveniently cite as the dominant factor in higher earnings. You can separate the two and identify which is the primary effect, but not with their methodology.
Separate from some of the other considerations such as the legality, it is likely going to be worth your will if you employer has company matching even if you have to pay the early withdraw penalty because the matching funds from your employer can be viewed as gains on the money deposited. For example, using round numbers to make the math easy: No 401(k) Deposit With 401(k) Deposit So as you can see there is a benefit to deferring some of the earnings to the 401(k) account due to the employer matching but the actual dollar amount that you would be able to take home will be different based upon your own circumstances. Depending upon what the take home would be at the end of the day the percentage return may or may not be worth the time involved with doing the paperwork. However, all of this only applies if you have to pull the money out early as once you hit 59.5 years old you can start withdrawing the money without the tax penalty in which case the returns on your initial deposit will be much more.
Softbank was really outclassed by Docomo a few years back until they became partners with Apple and the iphone.  At first, Softbank couldn't give the phones away.  But now they hold a much bigger market share because of the iphone.  I still loves me some Docomo and the Galaxy III though.  Unfortunately none of my friends have the same opinion :(
Assignment risk. In your example, if someone exercises OTM call, your account could be assigned. In that case, if you do nothing, you could lose more money than there is in the account. The broker won't do it for you because there is more than one way to handle the assignment. For example, you might choose to exercise the long call, or buy a different call and exercise that. Selling the long call may be enough to satisfy any resulting margin call.
Ah!  The old “Taxes are stealing” rhetoric that fails to account for social contracts, the need for a consistent and uniform infrastructure, and the realization that most of what you rely on is based on the belief that people should work together “for the common good”, rather than exist as small bands of financial “bandits”, stealing from anyone they can for access to the resources they guard.  You call the government a thief, yet you strive to turn everyone into thieves.  The hypocracy is palpable.
what I'm saying is my meager 1600 gain could have incurred an extra $170 in taxes if there was no capital gains tax.  It's basic math, not rocket science.  that's just the numbers at my current tax bracket(25%) which isn't that high.  I seriously don't get how you can't understand basic numbers and the fact that the capital gains tax is a huge advantage for a small time investor like me.
What are the risks, if any The risks are exemplified by the outcomes presented on this website, including: There's a chance you will end up paying large mortgage payments on a house occupied by an ex-friend and paying large amounts of money to lawyers to try and get things straightened out. You could come out of it a lot poorer and with your credit rating wrecked.
In addition to Rocky's answer, and IF you have already saved an adequate emergency fund, then best way to increase your wealth (not your income) is to invest your extra money. If you have no extra money then you need to lower your expenses or work towards getting better income. They aren't really any tricks to this, but there are some tips that may help:
How about just stop buying stuff?
I studied Economics through my second last year at school, by correspondence. Nothing my teacher sent me, or any amount of Google usage, gave me as deep an insight into how this whole thing actually works.  Joined just to say thank you, kind sir.
Im thinking the same thing. It's better he find out from me than when they call him. I'm just afraid of something crazy happens and this offer is rescinded or falls through, that I'll be stuck there again, with my boss knowing I'm trying to leave.
Make sure you can really do what you plan on doing: Look at the maximum loan length and the maximum loan amount.   From the IRS- retirement plans faqs regarding loans A qualified plan may, but is not required to provide for loans. If a   plan provides for loans, the plan may limit the amount that can be   taken as a loan. The maximum amount that the plan can permit as a loan   is (1) the greater of $10,000 or 50% of your vested account balance,   or (2) $50,000, whichever is less ... A plan that provides for loans must specify the procedures for   applying for a loan and the repayment terms for the loan. Repayment of   the loan must occur within 5 years, and payments must be made in   substantially equal payments that include principal and interest and   that are paid at least quarterly.  Loan repayments are not plan   contributions. The referenced documents also discuss the option regarding multiple loans, and the maximum amount of all active and recent loans  Having a 401K loan will still count against the maximum amount of monthly payments you can afford. Also check the interest rate, and yes they required to charge interest.  Some companies will not allow you to make contributions to a 401K while you have an outstanding loan. If that is true with your company then you will miss out on the matching funds.
&gt;Go live with your beloved poor for a year  Hahaha... there is a housing project directly across the street from me as I write this. You keep making assumptions!  Yes there absolutely is a culture of laziness and irresponsibility. There are a lot of reasons that the poor remain poor, and this is only one of them. Other reasons include the drug war, which disproportionately targets minorities and creates a vast unemployable population due to their criminal records. The school systems are shit--how can you raise yourself out of poverty without a decent education? Unions have declined, meaning working class people no longer have a living wage and must rely on food stamps and other government programs just to survive. There are a lot of reasons the poor stay poor. Blaming it all on bad choices is rather short-sighted. There are public-sector, private-sector and cultural factors contributing to wealth inequality. I will admit to all of these, but the Libertarian ideology only allows for one.  Plus, what are you going to do about it? Does society have any responsibility to help people who are trapped in a cycle of poverty and bad choices to better themselves? What about the newborn child who has made no bad choices but to be born poor? Fuck 'em?  &gt;any actual assesment of Reality  Make one. You state no facts, only that if there were some facts they would agree with you. Not a proper argument.  &gt;The rich are rich for a reason and the poor are poor for a reason.  The rich are rich for many reasons--personal achievement, inheritance, luck, connections and simply reaping the fruits of a prosperous, harmonious society. There just as many reasons the poor are poor. To take any one reason and say that is the only reason is just like taking the idea of property rights and saying that is the only right worth consideration.  &gt;Deep down inside you don't think you've earned it so you want to sacrifice all the rest of us on the altar of your limp wristed weakness.  I don't attempt to psychoanalyze you, though I could probably do a much better job having once held the beliefs you are espousing. The thing is I learned from my experience and from the world around me. I see how the system is rigged, in both the public sector and private sector. I know it is possible to make it rich in this country if you have the skill and motivation, but I also know that it is much easier to stay rich if you are born rich and far too much depends on who you know rather than what you know. And nobody would be rich if we didn't have a functioning society, with a large middle class that can afford to buy the goods that entrepreneurs invent!  As a business owner, I want to live in a society where the majority of people can afford the crap that I'm peddling. Call me a commie.
Virtually all of Facebook's users also use Windows (either at home or at work). Microsoft charges money for Windows licenses, lots of money. You can make the same analogy for Microsoft's Business division (Office products). Facebook's valuation is getting comparable to Microsoft (ex-cash stockpile). It is absolutely ridiculous. Google is the dominant online advertiser, and Google's profits is not even close to what Microsoft makes. Only a small fraction. Even if Facebook meets all future expectations and becomes the dominant online advertiser, making the same amount of money as Google, it still doesn't deserve that $100B valuation today, as it will take years before it gets up there. Facebook may be an amazing product, but collecting hundreds of dollars per license renewal is simply a better business than an ad-supported model. In order for advertisers to pay Facebook $100/user (the type of money Microsoft makes), the users must be buying thousands of dollars more stuff because of Facebook ads. That's not possible, especially with other methods of advertising all competing.
People to ask: Granted I live in a small town, but when the same guy's name comes up more than once that's who you should hire...
Specifically I was wondering, how can the founder determine an appropriate valuation and distribution of shares; ie- the amount of equity to make available for public vs how much to reserve for him/herself. This is an art more than science. If markets believe it to be worth x; one will get. This is not a direct correlation of the revenue a start up makes. It is more an estimated revenue it would make in some point in time in future. There are investment firms that can size up the opportunity and advise; however it is based on their experience and may not always be true reflection of value.
If I were in your shoes I would concentrate now on investing in yourself.  Your greatest wealth building tool is your income.  Going to school is great, make sure you can finish.  Also is there additional coursework you can obtain that might help boost your salary?  I would look for course in the following areas that might be outside your core competency: After that I would concentrate on some books that will help you in your journey.  However, I would not start investing until you have a well paying full time job: That will get you started.
&gt; if all man made CO2 magically ceased to be created that the climate would still change. Climates change, always.  This is true. Even if we stopped contributing to global warming immediately, the climate would continue to warm for 4 or 5 decades, but this is because it takes time for the planet to heat up. And yes it's true that the climate does change, but usually at a slower pace.   Species are going extinct at about the same rate now as they did back during the extinction of the dinosaurs.  This isn't all due to carbon ether, there are many other environmental pollutants and issues.  &gt;poor people (through burning of wood for heat and to cook with) actually have a much greater impact on CO2 levels than to rich people.  That's just false. Burning wood is definitely less efficient, but overall poor people release less carbon that wealthy nations.
Thank you for this post! I found it informative, interesting, and insightful. Personally, I have always been curious how American companies, even smaller mom and pop stores, outsourced to China despite all the cultural and language barriers. Have you found any problems arise from the clashing of cultures, i.e. differences in expectations or processes, that add to the difficulty in communicating with Chinese manufacturers?
"You know I used to strugle with how to define common sense, if most people don't have common sense it must be misnamed right? I reallized it's not ""common"" in the sense that it's wide spread, but that it's conclusion's that it is possible to arrive at without specialized knowledge or training. So anyone *could* figure it out, but most people won't bother to."
You should be trying to save 10% of your income from an early age. You can live well now and enjoy life within your means now, instead of trying to keep up with the Jones. Do you need to live in a larger house (when you can't really afford it) because it is more comfortable or because you want to show it off in front of your family and friends? You can live and enjoy life and eat well now and still save enough to have a comfortable retirement, just spend your money now on the things you enjoy, not things you see others enjoying.
Even then, he's only built *one* successful company, and with that groundbreaking idea it would've been pretty difficult to fuck it up. He was just the earliest player in that space.  Edit: okay it's not just one successful company, I was wrong. He has more of an entrepreneurial prowess than I credited him for.
Vesting As you may know a stock option is the right to acquire a given amount of stock at a given price.  Actually acquiring the stock is referred to as exercising the option.  Your company is offering you options over 200,000 shares but not all of those options can be exercised immediately. Initially you will only be able to acquire 25,000 shares; the other 175,000 have conditions attached, the condition in this case presumably being that you are still employed by the company at the specified time in the future.  When the conditions attached to a stock option are satisfied that option is said to have vested - this simply means that the holder of the option can now exercise that option at any time they choose and thereby acquire the relevant shares. Dividends Arguably the primary purpose of most private companies is to make money for their owners (i.e. the shareholders) by selling goods and/or services at a profit.  How does that money actually get to the shareholders?  There are a few possible ways of which paying a dividend is one.  Periodically (potentially annually but possibly more or less frequently or irregularly) the management of a company may look at how it is doing and decide that it can afford to pay so many cents per share as a dividend.  Every shareholder would then receive that number of cents multiplied by the number of shares held. So for example in 4 years or so, after all your stock options have vested and assuming you have exercised them you will own 200,000 shares in your company.  If the board declares a dividend of 10 cents per share you would receive $20,000.  Depending on where you are and your exact circumstances you may or may not have to pay tax on this. Those are the basic concepts - as you might expect there are all kinds of variations and complications that can occur, but that's hopefully enough to get you started.
Some brokerages will allow you to enroll your account in a dividend reinvestment plan -- TD Ameritrade and I think Schwab for example. The way the plan works is that they would take your $4 and give you whatever fractional share of the ETF it is worth on the payment date. There are no fees associated with this purchase (or at least there are in the programs I've seen -- if you have to pay a fee, look for another brokerage). You may also be able to enroll specific securities instead of the entire account into dividend reinvestment. Call your brokerage to see what they offer.
You don't generally pay capital gains taxes until you sell the stock. If you bought it in 2013 and the price goes up in 2014 but you just hold on to the stock, you won't have to pay any taxes on it. If you then sold it in 2015 for a profit, you'd have to pay capital gains taxes on the profit. Note that this excludes dividends. Dividends may complicate the matter somewhat. I'm also assuming you are in the U.S. or Canada, or a country like one of those two. It's possible some other country does taxes differently, though it'd surprise me.
I don't think democracy leads to the things you describe. Most of those things you mention are rights and civil liberties that have been won over time through civil struggle. They didn't just come automatically because they were written in a bill of right.
Let's take an example: IBM has about 430,000 employees worldwide.  Assume the average yearly salary is $80K (it's probably less, since a lot of jobs are offshore).  If every employee took 10% of their pay as stock, that's $132 million every two weeks.  But IBM's market capitalization is about $153 billion, so stock purchases would be less than 0.1% of that.
&gt;That's just poor leadership.  Says you, but then again he's the leader and you arent. It's his perogitive.  &gt;Plenty of well-trained workers are immediately available.  If only there were someone to hire them! If only there was some LEADership in place to structure a company so these people can be given jobs.   Maybe the workers should start a company... sacraficing with discipline is difficult... We want instant gratification, a nice salary, a nice car, a nice house. This guy drove a 12 year old car, had an office in his garage to start this company while his friends had nice cars and fancy things.  Sigel built himself from poor to rich through sacrafice, discipline and determination.
&gt; These publishers are running e-books into the dirt by price fixing them to same price as physical books  No, they are not:  &gt; We set our ebook prices far below corresponding print book prices, reflecting savings in manufacturing and shipping. More than 80% of the ebooks we publish are priced at $9.99 or lower. Those few priced higher—most at $11.99 and $12.99—are less than half the price of their print versions. Those higher priced ebooks will have lower prices soon, when the paperback version is published.  [source](http://www.latimes.com/books/jacketcopy/la-et-jc-hachette-ceo-michael-pietsch-response-about-ebook-pricing-20140811-story.html)  &gt; Amazon is tired of pushing their over priced shit (that is only that price because of some paranoid business exec's that are afraid of change worrying about their hard back sales) because it hurts their kindle and frankly they dont need them.     And how is this not abusing their market share?  &gt; For the average consumer books are so easy to pirate we are just skipping all the middle men entirely, but I think a lot of those people would mind spending 4-5$ for a book (At least soft cover prices, paying the Hard cover price for a god damn e-book is extortion).  Again, no one is trying to make people pay the hard cover price for an ebook. Hachette just wants the ability to price some of their popular new releases at a few bucks more to more quickly recoup the money they fronted the author, editors, marketing teams, etc before that book's release. And then to lower the price around the same time the cheaper paperback version of the book comes out.
True I'm not surprised I was wrong about that. I worked at this place over the summer where I looked at a lot of PE deals and I remember that name coming up in the context of tech consulting companies that did software dev, took a shot
Theoretically there is limited demand for risky investments, so higher-risk asset classes should outperform lower-risk asset classes over sufficiently long time periods. In practice, I believe this is true, but it could be several decades before a risky portfolio starts to outperform a more conservative one. Stocks are considered more risky than most assets. Small-cap stocks and emerging market stocks are particularly high-risk. I would consider low-fee ETFs in these areas, like VB or VWO. If you want to seek out the absolute riskiest investments, you could pick individual stocks of companies in dire financial situations, as Bank of America was a couple years ago. Most importantly, if you don't expect to need the money soon, I would maximize your contribution to tax-advantaged accounts since they will grow exponentially faster than taxable accounts. Over 50 years, a 401(k) or IRA will generally grow at least 50% more than a taxable account, maybe more depending on the tax-efficiency of your investments. Try to contribute the maximum ($17,500 for most people in 2014) if you can. If you can save more than that, I'd suggest contributing a Roth 401k rather than a traditional 401(k) - since Roth contributions are post-tax, the effective contribution limit is higher. Also contribute to a Roth IRA (up to $5,500 in 2014), using a backdoor Roth if necessary.
Do Alice and Bob have to figure out the fair market value of their services and report that as income or something? Yes, exactly that.  See Topic 420.   Note that if the computer program is for Bob's business, Bob might be able to deduct it on his taxes.  Similarly, if the remodeling is on Alice's business property, she might be able to deduct it.  There might also be other tax advantages in certain circumstances.
You do know the ACA was modeled after both a Republican-introduced plan from the 90s as well as Mitt Romney's insurance reform plan for Massachusetts? If Democrats had their way, a public option (Medicaid or Medicare buy-in) would be available to those 10 mil who are feeling the squeeze.   And the state insuring health care for its citizens hardly seems like bread and circus. A healthier populace is more efficient and less costly in the long run.
You can probably recover it by checking with the unclaimed property division of the state where you opened the account.  See The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency website for more information.
You are right, and it's 40 cents per liter, not gallon as I originally wrote.  After 60 liters per month, it goes up to 70 cents per liter.  It's around 90 cents per liter right now where I am in the US.  Like you said, still cheap compared to the rest of the world ($1 per liter in India, $1.90 per liter in Britain).
"You are correct; Nissan's troubles are because they cheaped out and went with an air cooled pack, whereas Chevy and Tesla liquid cool theirs.  Chevy uses about only 60% of the Volt's available battery range (10kWh out of 16).  Torture tests simulating well over 100k worth of charges showed better than 70% range remaining, hardly ""oh you'd better drop a few thou on a replacement pack"" territory."
"&gt;There are ways  So you have no idea how to uphold these ""standards"".   If Canada did it, the Star would have been shut down years ago. And the CBC as well.  Journalism was never respected in the US. The advent of the 24 hour cable news hole and the internet raised awareness of just how ....*imperfect* what passes for journalism is, as journalists revealed other journalist's failings. Also, if you dropped your left-wing bias and did an analysis of all major papers in the U.S., you'd find that News Corp. papers are no worse, and actually somewhat better than the rest as far as accuracy."
This manner of shopping is maximum likely by the human beings within the present state of affairs. There is not any line to await buy and you should buy a product with a minute. You can get the pleasant online Shop buying enjoy in an excellent manner with none hassle. It is better place to store many stuff that immediately available for any time. You can purchase the goods at cheap deals and fee which to be had best in on-line purchasing web sites. There isn't any intermediary involved inside the on line purchasing and you can get the products immediately from the manufacturer.
As we can see, now it’s October and Bitcoin is not 5k. It turned out that it’s a very high psychological point for the holders. Most of them don’t believe in it, that’s why sell. Moreover, that’s the way expert traders use the opportunity, because they understand the mentality of the crowd.
My buddy was recruited hard by McKinsey, and I use him as a reference point whenever someone asks (because they want him so badly).  Briefly, he's a physicist and we did grad school together in London (I in neuroscience).  He later went on to Cambridge to do a course called Part III, which some consider the hardest math course in the world (http://www.maths.cam.ac.uk/postgrad/mathiii/).  Afterward, he went on to do a PhD in theoretical particle physics, but went to a recruiting session just on a whim.  We talked about this at length.  McKinsey likes people who have extremely strong analytical and math skills, but not necessarily from a finance background.  They like this because you don't use most of what you learn in school with respect to economics or finance, but you do use lots of math, and you do use lots of logic.  Basically, they're looking for people that really good investors look for: people who are academic rockstars.  You do not need to transfer.  You should not, actually, because you're going into junior year and have a good GPA.  What you should do instead is try to do a Rhodes.  Plan for it now.  You can apply for a Marshall too.  And a Fulbright.  You want your resume to look like you're someone that shouldn't be ignored.
"This is a classic case of Sunk Cost Fallacy. The basic idea is this - don't look at how much you've invested, look at what the thing is worth. It sounds like you are no longer able to keep up, so the financial answer is to stop making repairs, etc.  The only question is - whose name is on the deed? If your coworker still owns the asset, you can simply back out say, ""the mobile home is yours, any repairs and payments I made are yours too.""  Basically, you will be out all of your work and what you put into it, but you're not continuing to dig a hole. Your coworker should consider your investment as a gift, but a gift that is no longer being made. If in taking over the asset he put it in your name, the asset is yours to do with as you please.  It sounds like you should dispose of the asset, even if its at a loss. Either way, from a financial perspective, the answer is to cut your losses and be done with it. All of that is, of course, a strictly financial answer.  Reading between the lines, it seems like you feel guilty about not being able to honor the commitment you have made.  If there is a sentimental attachment to the mobile, I would suggest discussing your situation with the coworker.  That's really not a financial consideration, but that doesn't mean its unimportant."
By extending your logic both BNSF and GEICO would be nearly thhe same companies as both have majority ownership of warren buffet. How companies act IS defined by the theater of competition and regulation. Sears ca and US are two very different companies with no operational overlap (other than sears brand name)
The assumption is not necessarily correct. While the seven years affects the credit report, the statute of limitations for collections may be different and is based on the State law where the debt was given (or a Federal law for NA banks). Keep in mind that the creditor can reset the clock any time by taking legal action, for example filing a lawsuit in a court to garnish some of his income or put a lien on some of his assets. Many  times, just contacting the debtor is enough to reset the clock. The statute of limitations on collections is a legal issue and he should talk to a lawyer about it. Different accounts may have different statutes affecting them.
Issuing/selling equity vs debt is often done during very different periods of a company's life cycle and for very different reasons.  If I were to generalize - equity is most typically involved in the beginning and end of a business, debt in the middle.    In the beginning your company has no cash flow, no track record so the only people willing to invest are angels/venture capitalists/true believers/friends &amp; family.  People who are willing to take risk either because they like you or they believe there is a chance of high risk/high reward.  In the middle of the life cycle (when the company has a demonstrated track record), it is easier to issue debt because you have stable cash flows which banks find attractive.  Banks are low risk, low return investors.  Towards the end of a company's life cycle the owners may decide they have successfully grown a business and want to retire (or start a new business) or maybe they just want to lock in the earnings they've achieved which are sitting in the company.  In this case they may sell the company entirely to a rival firm or a private equity group.   I feel like OP's original question is a bit off because I don't find too many situations where a company is seriously considering both equity and debt alternatives.  Usually it is a variety of equity offerings **or** a variety of debt offerings and you're trying to figure out which one is better of the company.
Fast Domain is here to secure the businesses of their clients and is confident that  they can provide you with the highest level of support with patient and friendly support staff waiting to help their clients with their needs. They have a veteran hosting team that knows what it takes to be one of the best and how they are able to help make your site a success. http://www.spicywebhosts.com/
They could actually start making computers again. Atari used to. I think there's a chance there, especially if they make something with the CPU/GPU SoC similar to the Xbox One / PS4, maybe something more powerful that can hook into a TV with HDMI.
"I find it really hard to feel sorry for them. For many years now the local Post Office has been a farce. Many local businesses quit using them because they'd just flat-out lose mail so consistently.   The small company I worked for (local ISP) was constantly fighting this battle since we would have customers calling up pissed off because their service got cut off when we didn't receive their payment. Now sure, you have the classic ""check's in the mail"" bit, but this happened too frequently to such a random selection of customers that it was quite obvious there was an issue. More than once I took it up personally with the local Postmaster (functioning Manager-type person) and would always get told ""Oh, it's not us, it's the Columbia branch"" and when I called to straighten it out there I was told ""Sorry, you'll have to take this up with your local office"". Funny, they never seemed to lose all that fucking junk mail that crammed up our PO or mailbox.   Hate that it got that bad, but once again sounds like a bad business model - Provide services at a loss, pay into pensions you know you can't afford, and refuse to modernize effectively and in-time."
Highest possible is meaningless.  Ex: Use 17x Leverage on E-mini S&P 500 Futures, perfectly long before an uptick and short before a downtick every minute. Goes to the moon in a day of 1,440 minutes.  You are supposed to use a Buy-and-Hold SPY, with leverage that makes the Standard Deviation of SPY same as your Portfolio/Algorithm, as benchmark.
You are diversified within a particular type of security. Notably the stock market. A truly diversified portfolio not only has multiple types of holdings within a single type of security (what your broad market fund does) but between different types. You have partially succeeded in doing this with the international fund - that way your risk is spread between domestic and international stocks. But there are other holdings. Cash, bonds, commodities, real estate, etc. There are broad index funds/ETFs for those as well, which may reduce your risk when the stock market as a whole tanks - which it does on occasion.
New cars are sold for about $500 over their blue book value. They drop in value by about 20% their first year. Used cars are sold for about $2,500 above their blue book. They depreciate like normal. My advice based on my personal experience is to get a new car. When buying a used car, remember that the previous owner sold it for a reason. You are buying someone else's problems.  Average car is flipped every 4 years when it takes 5 years to pay it off. Don't do that...keep it for 5+ years if you get a new car. My knowledge comes from being a Chevrolet car salesman. This info is generalized and about 10 years old.
Call me overly paranoid, but letting unknown people know your charges and your personal information is asking for trouble. They know who you are and how to find you and how much money you typically make. If they are decent people - okay, but otherwise they have good ground for comitting a crime against you - blackmail you, con you, target thieves on you, steal your identity, anything else which you won't like if it happens. And it has noting to do with being from Philippines - disonest people are everywhere. Crimes happen all the time, just the less you expose yourself the less likely a crime will be committed against you. My suggestion would be to share as little financial and personal data as possible, especially to share as little actual money figures as possible. Also see this question.
"Are most big US based financial institutions and banks in such a close relationship with USCIS (United States Citizenship And Immigration Services) so they can easily request the information about market traders? Yes. They must be in order to enforce the laws required by the sanctions. What online broker would you suggest that probably won't focus on that dual citizenship matter? ""Dual"" citizenship isn't actually relevant here. Nearly anyone in the world can invest in US banks except for those few countries that the US has imposed sanctions against. Since you are a citizen of one of those countries, you are ineligible to participate. The fact that you are also a US citizen isn't relevant in this case. I believe the reasoning behind this is that the US doesn't encourage dual citizenship: The U.S. Government does not encourage dual nationality. While recognizing the existence of dual nationality and permitting Americans to have other nationalities, the U.S. Government also recognizes the problems which it may cause. Claims of other countries upon U.S. dual-nationals often place them in situations where their obligations to one country are in conflict with the laws of the other. In addition, their dual nationality may hamper efforts of the U.S. Government to provide consular protection to them when they are abroad, especially when they are in the country of their second nationality. If I had to guess, I'd say the thinking there is that if you (and enough other people that are citizens of that country) want to participate in something in the US that sanctions forbid, you (collectively) could try to persuade that country's government to change its actions so that the sanctions are lifted. Alternatively, you could renounce your citizenship in the other country. Either of those actions would help further the cause that the US perceives to be correct. What it basically boils down to is that even though you are a US citizen, your rights can be limited due to having another citizenship in a country that is not favorable in the current political climate. Thus there are pros and cons to having dual citizenship."
"I've just recently launched an open source wealth management platform - wealthbot.io ...  ""Webo"" is mostly targeted at RIA's to help the manage multiple portfolios, etc. Take a look at the demo at demo.wealthbot.io, you'll also find links to github, etc. there. It's a rather involved project, but if you are looking for use cases of rebalancing, portfolio accounting, custodian integration, tax loss harvesting, and many other features available at some of the popular robo-advisors, you might find it interesting."
"Anthony Russell - I agree with JohnFx. Petroleum is used in making many things such as asphalt, road oil, plastic, jet fuel, etc. It's also used in some forms of electricity generation, and some electric cars use gasoline as a backup form of energy, petrol is also used in electricity generation outside of cars. Source can be found here. But to answer your question of why shares of electric car companies are not always negatively related to one another deals with supply and demand. If investors feel positively about petroleum and petroleum related prospects, then they are going to buy or attempt to buy shares of ""X"" petrol company. This will cause the price of ""X"", petrol company to rise, ceteris paribus. Just because the price of petroleum is high doesn't mean investors are going to buy shares of an electric car company. Petrol prices could be high, but numerous electric car companies could be doing poorly, now, with that being said you could argue that sales of electric cars may go up when petrol prices are high, but there are numerous factors that come into play here. I think it would be a good idea to do some more research if you are planning on investing. Also, remember, after a company goes public they no longer set the price of the shares of their stock. The price of company ""X"" shares are determined by supply and demand, which is inherently determined by investors attitudes and expectations, ultimately defined by past company performance, expectations of future performance, earnings, etc.. It could be that when the market is doing well - it's a good sign of other macroeconomic variables (employment, GDP, incomes, etc) and all these factors power how often individuals travel, vacation, etc. It also has to deal with the economy of the country producing the oil, when you have OPEC countries selling petrol to the U.S. it is likely much cheaper per barrel than domestic produced and refined petrol because of the labor laws, etc. So a strong economy may be somewhat correlated with oil prices and a strong market, but it's not necessarily the case that strong oil prices drive the economy..I think this is a great research topic that cannot be answered in one post.. Check this article here. From here you can track down what research the Fed of Cleveland has done concerning this. My advice to you is to not believe everything your peers tell you, but to research everything your peers tell you. With just a few clicks you can figure out the legitimacy of many things to at least some degree."
The S&P is cap-weighted. So it's not as simple as buying 1 share of each of 500 stocks. (If it were, getting started might be doable, although adding to your position would take time and another large unit of money.) Can you do it? Sure? Do you have enough money to actually do it? I don't know. I'm happy to pay my .02-.03% to not worry about such things.
Bank of America NA had over $101 billion in revenue 2013.  A $16 billion fine represents 15.7% of BOA's annual revenue.  The median family income in the US is $53,046.   15.7% of that is $8,346.  If I spent more than a decade defrauding individuals, businesses, government agencies and investors and wound up having to pay an $8 thousand dollar fine and not serve a single day in jail ... I would be planning a long and prosperous criminal career for the next decade.
"Call me rude, but I would be less concerned with taxes and more concerned with increasing your income. Double your income and say ""fuck you"" to the taxes!  Also, I'm no expert on taxes, but a corporation would not prevent you from having income so you would likely be passing the profits through and still paying the same income tax rate."
"The purpose of the emergency fund is to enable you to pay for unplanned necessary expenses without going into debt.  You know that cars don't last forever and eventually need to be replaced. Ideally, you would have a ""car replacement fund"" which you contribute to a little every month. (Essentially, it is a car payment to yourself.)  Then when it comes time to get a replacement car, you have money set aside for this purpose and know exactly how much you can spend.  However, in your case it seems that you don't have enough money in your car replacement fund for the car that you want.  There are a few different causes that might have led to this situation: Due to unforeseen circumstances, you need a replacement car before you thought you would need it.  You find that your planning was not quite right, and you weren't saving as much as you need.  You are trying to buy a more expensive car than you need.  If a replacement car is a necessity, two of these are emergencies, one is not.  If you don't have enough cash set aside for a car, it is certainly better to spend your emergency fund and pay cash than to borrow money to buy the car. Only you can decide if the car you are looking at is appropriate for you, or if you should be looking at a less expensive car. After you purchase the car, build your emergency fund back up first, then start saving for your next car."
"I believe general welfare is stated in the preamble only.  ""We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."""
Deposit on a Debit Card have a different effect, and many people don't understand it (and make a big stink), or cannot afford it (or both). Either of it results in lots of trouble for the business: In addition, having a credit card showes that some bank trusts the customer with an unsecured credit of this height, which is some reassurance for the business. A debit card proves only that he was able to get a checking account, which needs much less liquidity and stability.
You bought the stock at some point in the past. You must have had a reason for this purchase. Has the recent change in price changed the reason you bought the stock? You must assume your losses are sunk costs. No matter what action you take, you can not recover your losses. Do not attempt to hold the stock in the hopes of regaining value, or sell it to stop losses. Instead approach this event as if this very day, you were given shares of the company's stock at their current market value for free as a gift. In this hypothetical situation, would you hold the shares, or sell them? Use that to judge your options. Not everyone, myself included, can handle the mental stress of watching share prices change. You can always consider trading index funds instead, which are much less volatile but will provide consistent, albeit, boring returns. This may or may not be you, but it's an option. Finally, do not keep money in the market you are not prepared to lose. It seems obvious, but if you lost 40% today, you could lose 100% tomorrow.
Having just purchased an upcoming Samsung phone using their 0% interest I can tell you that the justification is to give you credit. I have the same with Best Buy which is 0% for a specific initial purchase. The bank (in the Samsung case is TD Bank) establishes a rotating credit line for you. The APR after is well established at the very high side of 29.99%. Nobody in their right mind should want to pay that much interest on any purchase. My last car purchase was below 3% APR. Additionally the introductory rate will still calculate their 29.99% interest as if it existed since the first day of credit and will be applied to your balance should you ever be late on any single payment. At that time the interest is factored in as if it were always there and payments are adjusted accordingly. You see, the bank wants you to pay their high interest rate. So they entice you with the 0% and hope you either finance more on that credit line (exempt from the promotional rate) or miss a payment and they can hit you with a whammy. Specifically the question asks how this offer benefits Samsung. To answer that portion; it ensures a sale at full retail price of the phone. Samsung is just an agent between you and the bank. The bank takes on the risk for a potential high reward.
&gt;Hate to break it to you but it's the republican policies of deregulation and tax cuts we can't afford that got us this shit sandwich.   Not even close. 1.1Trillion/year deficit is NOT related to taxes, it's related to increased spending while yes, tax revenues fall a bit. But you don't take actions that will make tax revenues fall more. Putting additional burdens on companies doesnt yield more tax revenue. If it did, why not tax them at 90%? But then guess what happens along that chart curve? There are no companies left.  How much in additional taxes could we take in? 100 billion conservatively? Ok genius, what about the other $1 Trillion/year? WE SPEND TOO MUCH!  &gt;Really? Seems to me like a person living paycheck to paycheck would actually have a very good idea of what it's like to live on the edge of bankruptcy  Except for most people close to bankruptcy they never had any capital to begin with. They lived pay check to pay check, using credit cards, buying houses, buying cars.   Businesses must keep a MUCH larger cushion of liquid capital and assets and must plan YEARS in advance. ---very few individuals do this or ever will.   The only correlation is that more and more liabilities are not meeting income. Except when an individual goes bankrupt it's mostly on them. If a company goes bankrupt it can effect hundreds or thousands of employees AND the company. An indivdual going bankrupt won't then bankrupt their creditors or vendors but a company going bankrupt very well could.   I don't know if you knew this, but the United States itself is bankrupt.... We can't meet liabilities with the current income. That doesn't mean increased taxes to increase income. It means reducing liabilities and creating an envionment where those who bring in the revenue can expand.   What we're talking about here is companies receiving additional burdens, not less, thus there is an incentive to decrease liabilities where possible, sell or close if necessary.
Wow. Just goes to show lack of understanding or ignorance.  No. America is not a country, but continents.   No US is not protectionist. It is more global then ever. If you thought we are now protectionist, you were fooled by Trump.   &gt;Also I notice that in you trying to cite that graph of the top countries with Tariffs, China and the United States are still in the top 5. So what are you objecting to, that I did not include Brazil and India in my original list? It seems like Russia is the only one not on that graph. If you extended this to all countries Canada would still be in the top 10. You really fucked yourself over here.  Lol. What kind of cognitive dissonance is it? Are you joking you saying 1 % tarrif is protectionism?   I cant tell if it is your lack of understanding, denial, getting fooled or what.   &gt;VENEZUELA IS NOT ON THAT LIST YOU LINKED.  Where did I say said it was?   Edit. Nice changing the topics btw. LOL Russia. LOL. You must be one of those putin supporter
It's because financing can fall through, and then the time between offer and closing is wasted. Often buyers will include preapprovals and other evidence of financing eligibility with their offer for this reason.
Seems fair.  I think this is a real subjective thing.  Financially lets get rid of that line before interest rates get too high.  Maybe have him pay you the $200 he is paying towards the interest each month.
"Between this, and them setting up the website to check if you've been affected with a relatively hidden clause that says ""if you use this website to check if your information was compromised, you waive your right to sue, and must go to arbitration"", I'm starting to wonder if Equifax is gonna survive the legal blowout here...."
Looks like this is just for billing mostly.   We need inventory management that integrates with our PO's but still be able to add line items for sales that do not come from inventory.   We need a system similar to SAP.
This is a Vanguard-specific difference in the sense that in the US, Vanguard is a leader in lowering management fees for the mutual funds  that they offer. Of course, several US mutual fund companies have also been lowering the expense ratio of their mutual funds in recent years because more and  more investors have been paying attention to this particular performance parameter, and opting for funds that have low expense ratios. But many US funds have not reduced their expense ratios very much and continue to have expense ratios of 1% or even higher.  For example, American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund (DWGAX) charges a 1.39% expense ratio while their 2060 Retirement Fund (AANTX) charges 1.12% (the funds also have a 5.75% sales charge); Putnam Capital Opportunities Fund charges 1.91% for their Class C shares, and so on.   Many funds with high expense ratios (and sometimes sales charges as well) show up as options in far too many 401(k) plans, especially 401(k) plans of small companies, because small companies do not enjoy economies of scale and do not have much negotiating power when dealing with 401(k) custodians and administrators.
Fascinating article. I have read that the Federal Reserve is contemplating allowing the unemployment rate to drop further until some of the elusive wage gains appear. Still seems risky if inflation suddenly shows up and rates have to rise fast to hold it off.
If you are looking for the best wedding hall then contact with Radha Krishna Hall which provides the best Hall In Mira Road. Radha Krishna Hall offers the best halls both air conditioned and non air conditioned. To know more, read the full article or visit: http://www.radhakrishnahall.in/
I don't know.  Some of it is circuitous. For instance, in the DC area, one of the best venues for rock/metal music is the Filmore in Silver Spring. Why? Because that's the club affiliated with TicketMaster / LiveNation, so they get the best acts.  There are plenty of equally good places from a venue standpoint in the area (e.g., the 9:30 Club in the U Street area, or even the State Theater in Falls Church), but the top acts tend to overlook those places because their agents are booking national tours, and they know to go to the Filmore for any show in the DC area.  If Amazon came in, attached themselves to one of those other venues, charged less for those BS convenience fees, and attracted the same level of talent as you see with TicketMaster / LiveNation today, they'd be printing money hand over fist.
"&gt; [–]RenoNineJuanJuan -22 points 1 month ago  Jeez. I'm gonna get downvoted like hell for this but fuck it. I watched the video, and the kid obviously had a multi tool knife that was FOLDED (follow up research even told me that), and he was obviously going through a mental breakdown. People in a mental breakdown don't know what to do, so rather than say ""Suicide by Cop"", I'd say he was so dissociated from the real world he wanted to play out this adrenaline-fueled engagement to see where it would take him. Still sad though. Also, the top comment is bullshit. My brother was a marine for several years and he was taught to shoot at the head and drop 'em.  Hmm really activates the almonds."
It would depend on how big of a demo. will see the company's info and what the sponsorship entails.  If its a small spot on a poster of an obscure sport vs the main sponsor for a HS football team in a big sports town.
I think this is straight up stock manipulation at this point.   Someone got norovirus, has nothing to do with Chipotle.  It's just fun to make diarrhea jokes I guess...  and make a ton of money shorting this stock every time someone complains about having to poop.
There are many situations where injecting a certain amount of cash at the right time may reap rewards far in excess of the value of the cash injected. For example, if someone who needs a car to get to work gets in a wreck and that person does not have ready money to make it driveable may have no choice but to secure very expensive financing.  Receipt of $1000 in ready money to repair the car may thus save the person from having to take out a loan that would cost $1200 or more to repay. While the insurance business has sufficient overhead that it is unlikely that insurance would generally have a positive net expectation even considering such factors, it is at least theoretically possible that insurance could have a positive expected value for both the insurer and the insured (and in some cases it may have positive expected values for both parties in practice as well).
Okay first of all and economic system needs division of labor to have much more efficiency and productivity. Which means people will do repetitive task and be very good at them, decrease their cost of starting a new task(there is a preparation time and cost), which also suggest people won't be inclined to do the same stuff since it becomes pointless and could have existential crisis. It is much fun and fulfilling  to do everything you need to done yourself, like keeping care of your house, making food(even hunting), taking care of health if family, building your own house but is also much much less productive and also worse.    Making this part clear, which is a long paragraph for a obvious fact, people also need motivation for this repetitiveness which is money and statue. These are the goals of everyone doing the same unnecessary stuff( lets face it other than shelter, food,education and health , things being done these days are no so quite a necessity).  So unless humans became more capable of understanding these are just made up dreams that we had made which makes the system go on (otherwise it will collapse) and understand the real inner reason for these dreams (self-fulfillment   , attention, whatsoever) this economic system will continue. I understand my response was nothin economically related and was sort of edgy this is my sincere thoughts on the topic. I also think this economic model won't change unless 2 reasons; -Political systems changes which i find likely in 50 years time and people will just give up in democracy since it is being used much worse than monarchy -A war that has never been written in history before which would change the economic system entirely since most of the economic system in interrelated with different countries(globalization) and most economic activities are not production(solid material) but services (entertainment and other) which has no use in war economy.
I think I may have figured this out but if someone could double check my reasoning I'd appreciate it. So if my company makes $75000 and I decide to pay myself a $30000 salary, then the quarterly payment break down would be like this: 1040ES: Would pay income tax on non salary dividend ($45000) 941: Would pay income tax, SS, medicare on salary ($30000) (I'm the only person on payroll) So I think this answers my question in that after switching from filing as LLC to S-corp, I won't have to pay as much on 1040ES because some of it will now be covered on payroll.
&gt;suffering, say, a potential 20% loss for business reasons can be preferable to creating a guaranteed, irreversible 37% loss due to state and federal LTCG taxes.  You don't pay taxes on capital losses...  In fact, you can write them off against future gains.
If you look at it from the hedging perspective, if you're unsure you're going to need to hedge but want to lock in an option premium price if you do need to do so, I could see this making sense.
I think that the 2008 events represented a loss of a very large amount of equity for Americas, also it had a ripple effect around the world on other countries.  Now - almost as if they wanted it to happen again, the Obama Administration's trade policy and big EU banks are pushing to use the [global TISA trade in services trade deal](http://corporateeurope.org/blog/342-civil-society-groups-oppose-deregulation-and-privatisation-proposed-services-agreement-tisa) to quietly irreversibly deregulate a huge number of areas whch will effect hundreds of millions of people, including the banking industry- deregulate global banks, which is exactly the wrong thing to do.  Deregulation is what caused the 2008 crisis- http://www.usnews.com/opinion/blogs/economic-intelligence/2012/08/27/repeal-of-glass-steagall-caused-the-financial-crisis
In the United Kingdom, there is a leading company that has been offering Progressive business funding solutions to the businesses for the last 120 years. Their service areas are South Africa, New Zealand, Ireland, Canada, Australia, USA, etc.
If you believe that you are a location for possible power disruptions, then you much better be gotten ready for things to take place. You cannot stop the power interruption to take place in your place however you can find a service so that even with a power disruption experience, you can still continue with what you are doing. All you require is a commercial backup generator that will provide you with the needed electricity based upon the power that it has kept. The generator usually works by transforming power into electrical energy that is why you have the opportunity to continue home activities as the power interruption goes on.
Staying with your numbers - a 7% long term return will have a tax of 15% (today's long term cap gain tax) resulting in a post tax of 5.95%. On the other hand, even if the student loan interest remains deductible, it's subject to phaseout and a really successful grad will quickly lose the deduction.  There's a similar debate regarding mortgage debt. When I've commented on my 3.5% mortgage costing 2.5% post tax, there's no consensus agreeing that this loan should remain as long as possible in favor of investing in the market for its long term growth. And in this case the advantage is a full 3.45%/yr. While I've made my decision, Ben's points remain, the market return isn't guaranteed, while that monthly loan payment is fixed and due each month.  In the big picture, I'd prioritize to make deposits to the 401(k) up to the match, if offered, pay down any higher interest debt such as credit cards, build an emergency account, and then make extra payments to the student loan.  Keep in mind, also - if buying a house is an important goal, the savings toward the downpayment might take priority. Student Loans and Your First Mortgage is an article I wrote which describes the interaction between that loan debt and your mortgage borrowing ability. It's worth understanding the process as paying off the S/L too soon can impact that home purchase.
Your best bet is to use a payment processor that charges ONLY a fixed monthly fee and not a fee per transaction.
Mint.com does all of that (except for the cash at hand).
Your question has 6 questions marks along with comments on what you'd like to know.  Yes, there are stocks that are tough to short, a combination of low float, high current short positions, etc. Interest charged on the position rises in a supply/demand fashion.  To unwind the position, there's always going to be stock available to buy. A shortage of willing sellers will cause the price to go up, but you'll see a bid/ask and the market will clear, i.e. The buy order fills.
The original option writer (seller) can close his short position in the contracts he wrote by purchasing back matching contracts (i.e. contracts with the same terms: underlying, option type, strike price, expiration date) from any others who hold long positions, or else who write new matching contract instances. Rather than buyer and seller settling directly, options are settled through a central options clearing house, being the Options Clearing Corporation for exchange-listed options in the U.S. See also Wikipedia - Clearing house (finance). So, the original buyer of the put maintains his position (insurance) and the clearing process ensures he is matched up with somebody else holding a matching obligation, if he chooses to exercise his put. I also answered a similar question but in more detail, here.
The 10-K language is very specific. And as someone that has worked w/ securities attorneys to write these things, I know it is worded like that for a reason. Regardless, to have that risk factor in there and not disclose executives leaving is really shoddy disclosure.
Maybe it's just because of the foundation date. If I start a company on August 1st, I would like its FY starts on that date too, in order to track my first whole year. Would be quite useless to finish my year on December, after just five months. I want to have data of my first year after a twelve months activity.
As far as I know (I am not a tax professional or IFA!) there would be no tax implications or other burden on the recipient of the loan under UK law, even if it ended up being treated as a gift rather than a loan. There are no clauses about money being in the account for 90 days in UK housing transactions, however under money laundering rules your brother's solicitor might need sight of loan agreements to verify where the funds came from (I think it would depend on whether you paid the money to your brother direct, in which case there would be no problem, or if you paid it direct to the solicitor for the purchase). What Canadian law might say about capital gains / inheritance tax (if the Canadian IRS did decide the loan counted as a gift) I have no idea.
"That is not true. Leads can cost anywhere from a penny to over $50.00 depending on how you define the word ""lead"" ROI is supposed to reflect this. If I invest $5000.00 on a marketing campaign and I close 5 deals for a net profit of 2k each, then I spent 5k to make 10k. It doesn't matter if I put up a billboard, telemarketed, mailed, or did a email campaign.  4. Cost per order/lead for acquisition campaigns were roughly equivalent for all the channels. The most notable result from the 2012 Response Rate Report may be the fact that, ultimately, the cost for acquiring a lead ended up in the same ballpark no matter what the channel. Direct mail ($51.40), postcard ($54.10), email ($55.24), and paid search ($52.58) all produced comparable numbers in this arena. Hmmmmm…"
Is used cmc markets application (via my bank at the time) to gain leveraged exposure to the financial markets, with no tax payable as its classed as gambling.  I am sure there are other websites/application offering the same. The results weren't particularly pretty for me, but the concept is sound imo.
In some cases, especially but not only for subprime loans, they are actually testing whether you will lie to them. (Discovered this when working on a loan origination applicatíon for car dealers -- they explicitly did not want us to autocomplete some values because that might remind applicants that answers would be checked.)
Healthcare - can they go directly on to your health insurance, and at what cost? And get those immunisations lined up to ensure no later illnesses that can be expensive and avoidable. Education - how are the schools in your area and what is the schools policy?  Should you be considering moving and how long in advance?  Your first choice may have a long waiting list, even for pre-schools.  All these can have an impact on the investment in your current home. Child-proofing - how safe is your existing home and will you need to invest in some child-proofing (stairs, cupboards, basements, electricity outlets)?
They want a regular revenue stream for something that is not what the customer wants.  If they would make a solid credible product I might be willing to pay a service fee....  I've moved sore stuff to Linux....  but office is a hammer lock as for business you need msoffice to hand this back and forth....  what a mess... If they would just make a good product...
"You start with an error.  &gt;a known disadvantaged minority.  This tells me that you buy into the liberal ""no man is responsible for himself"" bullshit. As you probably do not know, the poorest counties in the US are 95% white, but somehow you need to be a fucking minority to fit into your little box. [PROOF](http://dailycaller.com/2016/03/08/sanders-is-wrong-americas-poorest-counties-are-95-percent-white/)  If you would have bothered to click on the link I provided for your ass you would see that the assistance that we have been providing for 50 god damn years does not work.   In adult world we make decisions based on data, not what our social justice handlers tell us are disadvantaged minorities.. Read the links assmunch.   Here is my solution.  1.If you are willing to work and show progress we as a society will support that process. If you sit back and ""woe as me"" because you are a disadvantaged minority you can fuck right off.  2.If you as a regular person want to give them some money or start a charity because you feel bad about things we cannot measure, then fine. Has nothing to do with society owing you a thing. Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness. Not a check for 50 years, like Detroit and Baltimore.  3.Family and Church support worked pretty well until the welfare society.   **'When the people find that they can vote themselves money that will herald the end of the republic.'**  -------------Ben Franklin"
Dude, let go of the Fox News thing. I could care less about them since most of the patriots left. Worry more about every other news site in the world that's reporting on muslims stabbing people and smashing them with hammers and running them over with trucks. You're not going to suppress the news, no matter how much you bash the news outlets. Sorry Brah!  Who did you vote for in the US election?   Now let's see how smart you are, when is the last time you heard of someone blow some shit up while yelling:  a) Allah is great!   b) Jesus is great!  c) The buddha is great!  d) Jehovah is great!   e) Santa Clause is great!  I don't want to give it away, but one of those answers should be sticking out PRREEEEETTTTTTYYYY clearly, if you don't still have your head up killary's asshole. (What's it smell like in there, Webb Hubbell?)
Since you are posting to Reddit adding a simple website and Twitter account may also help.  It gives people a way to find you and refer others to you...  Trip Advisor is an important way to gain customers I believe (though the website is far from perfect it can be useful for travelers).  On the website/blog include some photos of where to visit...
This will always be the case unless the tax relief is more than the expenditure, which it never is. There are some ways in which this can become worth it: if the thing you are spending the money on would actually be useful, of it you might be able to sell it for more than four dollars later - or if you can claim a government grant or similar for more than four dollars. And at the level of corporate finance it can get more complicated. But otherwise, No.
Must be the case. I went to a local chain electronics store here in the UK awhile back called currys.   I saw a tv I liked. Looked up the model number on amazon to find it almost £300 cheaper. A crazy difference.   But... I thought I really wanted this thing asap. So if be willing to pay more (dumb). I asked if I could get it delivered to my house a 5 min walk away.   He said sure. It would be £50 delivery and would take 7 days. I laughed and said I can have this tv for 300 less and delivered via prime tomorrow morning. He didn't even offer a price reduction. So bought it right there on the phone whilst I explained how ridiculous it is they would rather not make a sale at all then compete with amazon.   I hope they go down in flames.
Perhaps I can: my city is full of towers of Chinese investor owned condos that were purchased to gain EB5 visas.  These visas require a $500k investment in the US, in an economically depressed area.  The census tracts were gerrymandered together to make a nice part of town qualify.  They were sold with 30 year property tax abatements, and at the end of that period they will likely have to pay something like 50k/yr in taxes, which is likely about what they will be renting for.  These condos do not exist to be lived in, but have manufactured a huge bubble in property value because of the visa program.  Jared Kushner is a primary investor in this vehicle.  These will crash if there are changes to this program or any change that forces more units on the market.  Otherwise they'll crash in 25-30 years when nobody wants a timebomb with massive expenses incoming.    The other bubble is of course the huge real estate bubble China is creating within its own borders, which rivals the real estate bubble within US borders, both of which are driven by unsustainable low interest rates.
Any state sponsored media outlet is going to in some way serve the agenda of its sponsor. The BBC does make an effort to remain more impartial whereas the KCNA of North Korea obviously does not. Private media such as CNN are obviously still often employed to further national agendas, especially in areas such as war reporting, but will also be directly more critical of their government if there are conflicts between interests of the ruling party and the owners of the media. Naturally in undemocratic regimes like China and Russia, such dissent is not permitted as there are not rival political partys in any true sense.
Levarge in simple terms is how of your own money to how much of borrowed money.   So in 2008 Typical leverage ratios were Investment Banks 30:1 means that for every 1 Unit of Banks money [shareholders capital/ long term debts] there was 30 Units of borrowed money [from deposits/for other institutions/etc]. This is a very unstable situation as typically say you lent out 31 to someone else, half way through repayments, the depositors and other lends are asking you 30 back. You are sunk. Now lets say if you lent 31 to some one, but 30 was your moeny and 1 was from deposits/etc. Then you can anytime more easily pay back the 1 to the depositor. In day trading, usually one squares away the position the same day or within a short period. Hence say you want to buy something worth 1000 in the morning and are selling it say the same day. You are expecting the price to by 1005 and a gain 5. Now when you buy via your broker/trader, you may not be required to pay 1000. Normally one just needs to pay a margin money, typically 10% [varies from market to market, country to country]. So in the first case if you put 1000 and get by 5, you made a profit of 0.5%. However if you were to pay only 10 as margin money [rest 990 is assumed loan from your broker]. You sell at 1005, the broker deducts his 990, and you get 15. So technically on 10 you have made 5 more, ie 50% returns. So this is leveraging of 10:1. If say your broker allowed only 5% margin money, then you just need to pay 5 for the 1000 trade, get back 5. You have made a 100% profit, but the leveraging is 20:1.  Now lets say at this high leveraging when you are selling you get only 990. So you still owe the broker 5, if you can't pay-up and if lot of other such people can't pay-up, then the broker will also go bankrupt and there is a huge risk.  Hence although leveraging helps in quite a few cases, there is always an associated risk when things go wrong badly.
Well I mean yea it's absolutely possible to be making as much. I was talking about teaching the people you sponsor into business downline from you. You teach those people to stop shopping from GNC and Red Bull and instead buy similar products from Amway. It's money they are already spending and you teach them to shop through their own store to keep the profit. Some people just want to make a little bit of money on the side selling their products without sponsoring people.   That's not what I'm talking about. The whole idea is to build a business asset that will give you TIME. It's about creating cash flow so you can stop trading your time working for a boss and building his company. Then you find other people who want that lifestyle and teach them how to accomplish those dreams.
Assuming the United States. This is a loan and not an investment.  You report this as income and will pay your tax rate on the 18% of the money that the borrower pays you (any money paid above what was originally lent) for the year in which it was received. You owe taxes on the income even if the borrower does not send you a Form 1099-INT showing the interest you received. For example: If you loan $10,000 and receive $1,800 in interest, and your tax bracket is 25%, then you will owe $450 in tax.
his is because with time you have accumulated bits and pieces that you can’t discard in the time being. The possibility is high that those possessions have a sentimental value and we also know, “adding things in life is easy, but subtracting them is difficult.” Heaping things is not an issue until they clutter up your home.
Only if your work on the side is making you at least £60,000 profit a year. The overheads are just not worth it if you make less. Working as a sole trader, you can still claim for expenses incurred in the course of your business. You can also claim a percentage of your computer costs, even though you may use the computer for gaming. This is not unreasonable as the computer is necessary for your work. The Inland Revenue accept the fact that some assets are part work-related. In your case, as a web and mobile phone developer, I expect the percentage to be at least half, if not a lot more. If you need to travel in the course of your work you can claim a percentage for your car. You can include other small expenses such as telephone, stationery, electricity etc but don't go overboard. The important point to remember is that you must be able to defend the expenses claimed as work-related, so long as you can do this there is no problem. Remember to keep good records of all your expenses. This is on-going throughout the year and is much more work than filling out your tax return. The software on the IR self-assessment site is excellent, so it's conceivable that you may not need an accountant if you are prepared to do your own tax return. However, if you feel unsure employ an accountant initially and take it from there.
Loan Provider Company in India  http://tirupatiinvestservices.com/ We are best Loan Provider Company with flexible plans of returning payments. We give short tenure loans to long-tenure loans. Our Loans are provided for Personal Development, Business Development, Home Development, Mortgage Loan etc. We are among the trusted company in India. We have established our office in Gujarat, Maharashtra and West Bengal. We have been serving in this industry from last 25 years and we are reputed company in the finance sector.
Why is it important?  Are you saying Lewis gets credit for correctly identifying the person to befriend, based on their likelihood of helping him?  You're talking about assisting factors *likely* to help while avoiding the ones likely to harm you.  Lewis made dumb choices twice and was still successful. Even then, the 'big shot' might have turned out to be Murdoch or Conrad Black, and earned him a trip to jail.   Either way, the factors involved are ultimately out of your control however much you encourage them.
Here is how it should look: 100 shares of restricted stock (RSU) vest. 25 shares sold to pay for taxes. W2 (and probably paycheck) shows your income going up by 100 shares worth and your taxes withheld going up by 25 shares worth. Now you own 75 shares with after-tax money. If you stop here, there would be no stock sale and no tax issues.  You'd have just earned W2 income and withheld taxes through your W2 job. Now, when you sell those 75 shares whether it is the same day or years later, the basis for those 75 shares is adjusted by the amount that went in to your W2.   So if they were bought for $20, your adjusted basis would be 75*$20.
The main problem I have with Uber is they represent themselves differently in some contexts than others. To most customers, Uber is Uber, not the individual who is driving.   Conceptually, individuals not being able to shield themselves behind a corporation is an interesting idea, with both pros and cons.
This is probably a very opinion-based Q&A. But anyway: My solution to such questions is to have multiple layers of emergency funds. I have one amount in a bank account that I do not like to tap, but can (and do) when I need money. This is most close to your infrequent but not completely surprising moments of cash need. I have a second layer in the form of stocks. As I understand that selling stocks should not be done when you need money, but when the stock price is good, this provides a fairly high barrier to selling it on a whim. Before I do so, especially if the stock price isn't at a local max, it would have to be an emergency. My third layer is even more fixed investment which I can't access with online brokerage. The physical aspect makes sure that it has to be a real, serious emergency before I turn that into cash. If you have such a layered approach, the question is not black and white anymore, and easier to answer.
"Our current economic situation is a mess, and our current tax system is the problem, but the problem is too little wealth taxation, not too much.    You are correct in asserting that land value tax is not the solution, since we don't live in a society where farmland is the primary source of ownership-based income.  If you want to look at what you can own to earn money these days, look at the holdings of Apple, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Exxon-Mobile, Verizon, etc. It's not farmland anymore, it's IP, and it goes entirely untaxed.  Taxing property is completely appropriate but the problem is that we live in a world where the taxes, even taxes designed to tax wealth like property taxes, fall almost entirely on the individual, since high value capital can move jurisdictions to dodge taxes and thus taxing wealth like we should creates a competitive disadvantage.    When you push back on real estate property taxes you don't make things better for most people.  Property values rise (since the value of an asset is proportional to how much money it can earn for it's owner) driving affordability down, rent up, homeownership rates down and generally worsening the quality of life for everyone.  Pushed to the extreme, you get a 2 class system, where land ownership is for the entitled, and everyone else are worthless.  History is littered with examples, which is why we know the word ""serf"".  For a modern day cautionary tale, look at what happened in California since the Reagan property tax changes.  They still seem convinced it was a great change, but the California real estate market is pure insanity."
"But on June 28, the 17,000-resident town authorized a declaration of fiscal emergency, a step California cities can take before bankruptcy. In this case, it gives officials in the affluent enclave the power to expedite a referendum on new fees to boost its revenue, which has been restrained by a lackluster retail base and property-tax limits the state enacted almost 40 years ago.  “We just don’t have enough revenue to take us through the future for many more years before we would really be in some of the situations other cities are, where they’re laying off mass numbers of employees or declaring bankruptcy,” town manager Robert Priebe said in an interview.  Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily.  Enter your email  Sign Up The community, where the median family income is $169,000 a year, illustrates an irony for some at the center of the California’s latest economic boom. While real estate prices have surged, the local tax collections haven’t necessarily followed the same trajectory because of Proposition 13, the 1978 ballot measure that keeps homeowners’ tax bills from rising by more than inflation or 2 percent a year. As a result, local government revenues are growing more slowly than the rest of the U.S., according to a state analysis, leaving some seeking other ways to raise money.  In Moraga, where the council discussed establishing a poet laureate position before approving the fiscal distress declaration, lowering headcount isn’t the first priority. The town’s $8.5 million budget this year authorizes about 36 full-time workers. Members instead opted to reduce services such as park maintenance in the community about 20 miles east of San Francisco.  “We’re not willing to hurt the public first,"" Priebe said. ""We’re not going to lay off half of our employees and have the quality of life of all of our citizens really be impacted.”   Moraga’s declaration hasn’t affected its standing on Wall Street. Its $7.7 million in outstanding debt is rated AA+, second highest by S&amp;P Global Ratings. One of its bonds due April 2029 was valued on July 5 at 0.85 percentage point more than benchmark debt, little changed from the 0.82 percentage point seen on the day of the fiscal emergency declaration. That spread stood at 1.16 percentage point at 2016 year-end, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.  The squeeze on Moraga stems in part from two infrastructure failures: the damage to a bridge in April and a sinkhole that became such a civic event that residents threw it a sarcastic birthday celebration. Though officials are hoping for state and federal reimbursements, the cost to fix both depleted its savings, leaving the city vulnerable to another emergency. The general fund, boosted modestly with this year’s anticipated $46,217 surplus, has about $1.6 million in reserves.  The fiscal emergency declaration allows Moraga to put any revenue-raising measure on the ballot when it wants instead of waiting for a regularly scheduled election. Options being mulled include proposing a flat fee on property or a utility tax, Priebe said. The town will poll residents by phone to see what’s preferable.  Moraga should look to cut personnel expenses first, said Seth Freeman, an unsuccessful council candidate and the only resident to speak about the issue at the board meeting. He criticized the council’s decision to award raises to employees two weeks before issuing the emergency declaration.  ""I’m concerned that the simple solution would be to raise taxes than to address some of the issues under the control of the town manager,"" Freeman said in an interview. ""The compensation for a small town is unaffordable.”  Priebe said the town’s costs are low compared to others in the county and that it must remain competitive. ""If we offered no raises, we would lose people."""
Their donuts are disturbing.  After eating one my mouth feels like I just ate a tube of something randomly out of the medicine cabinet.  Were they always like that and I'm just more critical now or did they change something?
Pay off the credit card, tear it up and never get another one.  The rest of the money I would add to your emergency fund/save for the anticipated home repairs.
*All* modern economies are service-based.  It's what makes up the rest that matters, namely manufacturing or natural resources.  Neither Aus nor Can have terribly huge manufacturing sectors by world standards, but the natural resources potential of both nations is enormous.
"If you're looking to leverage your capital more efficiently, at the money options offer the best balance. Options deep in the money will have little time premium remaining on them, but don't allow for greater leverage. On the other hand deep out of the money options may be thinly traded, or might not offer the ""mirroring"" you'd like of the underlying. By purchasing ATM you will likely be buying some time premium, but still be leveraging your capital, potentially several times over."
"Um no.  Easy google. ""What makes stock prices go up?""     &gt;This is how it works with stocks; supply is the amount of shares that people want to sell, and demand is the amount of shares that people want to purchase. If there are a greater number of buyers than sellers (more demand), the buyers bid up the prices of the stocks to entice sellers to get rid of them.  So sure, if a company is performing well, people will want to buy the stock. Causing it to go up.  But even if a company was performing well and no one wanted to buy the stock.  There would be only sellers and the price would go down."
Denver has a lot of Whole Foods locations because they are stores that were taken over when Whole Foods acquired the Wild Oats chain that started in Colorado. I'm really surprised that it is currently fulfilled by Sprouts... I wonder if that will change?  I would think that Sprouts would be absolutely feeling threatened by this Amazon move to buy Whole Foods.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-usa-trade-idUSKBN1AB0WQ) reduced by 70%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; LONDON - Britain will not accept imports of chlorinated chicken in pursuit of a trade deal with the United States after Brexit, its environment minister said on Wednesday, days after a trade minister tried to play down public health concerns.  &gt; Michael Gove, the minister for the environment, food and rural affairs, was asked in a BBC radio interview whether U.S. chlorinated chicken would be allowed in Britain as part of a future U.S. trade deal after Britain leaves the EU. &amp;quot;No,&amp;quot; he said.  &gt; Trade Secretary Liam Fox has been criticized in recent days for dismissing the issue of chlorinated chicken as &amp;quot;a detail at the very end-stage of one sector of a potential free trade agreement&amp;quot; with the United States.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6pqpzz/uk_will_not_accept_chlorinated_chicken_to_secure/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~176288 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **trade**^#1 **deal**^#2 **Britain**^#3 **United**^#4 **States**^#5"
Your name (and that address) is probably enough to get it entered against your credit score; he doesn't need a SSN. Worse than that, last time I checked, it was still illegal to skip debt by moving away.
This should get interesting. BEA is a chronic under-performer, poorly managed and shareholders are suffering and Paul Singer is looking out for his shareholders. David Li has incredible political and social influence in HK and China. Elliott does not stand a chance. Paul Singer wants David to bow out with two times BEA’s current book value, and everyone would win but David's ego is not calculated into this equation.
"I think you might be asking the wrong question. You have plenty of capital on the side that can be invested. Instead of asking whether you should get an adviser, you might want to examine what your end goal is. Are you looking to build long term growth of you capital? Are you asking about and adviser because you don't want to handle your money, or is it simply because ""that's what people do?"" I would imagine that the answer to 1. is yes and that the answer to 2. is that you want to handle your money, and you always considered this something best left to the advisers. I shall proceed on these hypothetical assumptions. In my humble opinion, I would do the following: Skip the adviser and the fees that go with it. For a young professional like yourself, especially with an engineering background, you can certainly handle the education required to learn the mechanics of investing. Invest some time to learn the fundamentals of the market such as asset classes, basic terminology ect. You will benefit in several ways. For one, you will learn an invaluable skill and save tens of thousands in fees during your lifetime. Moreover, you will have complete control of your risk profile, allocation, and every penny that belongs to you. I really am not bashing advisers, but no one will care as much about your money as you will. And don't be fooled. The market is efficient. An adviser does not have any more edge in a market than anyone else. And from first hand experience, they rarely outperform benchmarks net of fees. I assume you have made it to this step because you want to manage your own money and financial future. Sounds scary, how should one proceed? Let's assume that $100,000 is ""in play"". And since you are learning the ropes, let's leave $50,000 in cash for now. This leaves $50,000 to start a portfolio. I'd start by building a core position of all the major asset classes in ETF form. This means buying things like SPY or TLT. If you're comfortable, you can start selling monthly calls against these positions to reduce basis and earn some income. The point is, your only limitation at this point is taking time to learn the ropes. The technology is there, the free education is there, and liquidity and product mix is there. Next thing you know you're learning how gamma scalping works, or maybe you're more of a Buffett type.  This is how I view finance in general, and truly hope you break through the initial barrier to controling your own finances."
You need to contact the lender. Your copy of the title should show that your lender has a lien on the car. The potential buyer will want to be able to walk away with good title without risking their money.  It will not be as simple as signing the back of the title. The lender doesn't drop their lien until they get their money. When trying to sell a car with a lien to a private buyer, you may have to both go to the lender to complete the transaction. Or the buyer might want to send the money directly to the lender, or may insist on an escrow service. The fact you don't own the car may scare most individuals from the process. You will have to do whatever makes them comfortable.  A dealer will not be concerned about this type of transaction, but the fact that most individuals are,  may give the dealer enough competitive advantage to lower their offer to you. Steps: Keep in mind that after only 7 months many car loans are upside down.
Having a large state return also means that there is a potential income tax liability created at the federal level for the following year, as the situation resulted from the deduction of more on one's federal return than should have been deducted. The state refund is treated as federal income in the year it is refunded. http://blog.turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tips/is-my-state-tax-refund-taxable-and-why-90/
"Yeah...I was a libertarian until they said they want to end the Federal Reserve. I'm more of a conservative.   Your point (that a minimum wage at a major metropolitan area is often not a ""livable"" wage) is irrelevant. Wages are a  fee given to employees for their work. The way an employee earns a high wage is by providing value that is greater than that wage. If the value an employee brings to an employer is less than the wage he's paid, an employer will lay off that individual because the employee *costs* the employer money. Therefore, setting a minimum wage simply means you ban certain individuals (usually first time workers or otherwise unskilled) from the workforce because they currently do not have the skills and/or experience to justify that wage. Furthermore, the higher you set the minimum wage, the more people you deprive of jobs."
"there's people in Balance sheet substantiation that are the last ones to leave, or ""risk"" after dark when the lights turn off at 7 for this bank I intern for.  Luckily for me I have a front office role as an intern"
"you didn't say it was perfect. you didn't say it was imperfect. you said:  &gt;i want america to be hong kong  surely you realize that the amount of control exerted by the chinese government over hong kong contributes to the economic rating given to it by the conservative think-tank/research group whose website you provided as a source  you can't pick and choose which parts of a country you want if you ""want america to be hong kong""  you didn't say that you just want it to be similar in some ways (but not all) to hong kong -- you're stating that you want it to be just like it"
"Bittcoin is not a currency, it's a store of value, because it is not widely accepted as tender by most people. Even as a store of value, it's not very good. It's volatile and the fact that there is a limited supply of bitcoin is not a good thing. Sure, in the short run it results in speculation that drives up the price of a coin and makes it all the rage among gamblers but I don't think anyone can explain how, if used on a larger scale, wouldn't lead to deflation in the price of goods.   Also, at the end of the day, fiat currencies are based on trust and accountability of the government. How does Bitcoin or any other online currency solve that problem? There's no accountability, and it effectively acts as as an anti-currency, fueled by mistrust in the establishment.   What do you mean, ""cryptocurrencies are growing hundreds of times faster than the market as a whole""?"
If you know with 100% certainty what the market will do, then invest it all at the best time. If not, spread it out over time to avoid investing it all at the worst possible time.
Pretty fuck up that these companies want to brag about the people who spent their whole lives making them rich dying early makes them richer. They should feel bad and want a solution not brag about money saved. How about the money should go onto the families who said person who died?
I finally got one to separate my business and personal expenses.  It will make accounting at the end of the year a lot easier.
I would deduct all the other payments out as subcontractors, but I typically have all the paperwork and entities set up to make that applicable. In Turbotax I do this with as subcontracting expense under my business entity, but for the IRS the categories of the deductions do not matter This isn't tax advice, it is what I would do, and how I would defend it under an audit. Everyone else that was paid also needs to report it. The lack of reciprocal filing (you deducted income paid to someone else, the person did not report that income, or reported it in a different way) is a number one thing to trigger IRS scrutiny. Although accurate, you need to be aware that you are shifting the tax burden away from yourself, by deducting it.
Many small businesses are still cash and check.  For example my landlord does not take credit card or online transfer.   My choices are cash and check, and I prefer checks for the paper trail.
Setting a precedence with demands at the beginning should not be undervalued. Agreed that you emphasize long term value but establishing your requests ( not in demand form) also plays into your long term value because it is retribution to what you offer.
You can engage in a pair trade that involves analyzing how closely percentage wise these stocks trade tick for tick. You can bet on the ratio expanding or contracting. only slightly more information here, but maybe explained more intuitively: http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/pairstrade.asp and here is an example: http://www.investopedia.com/university/guide-pairs-trading/pairs-trade-example.asp
"Regardless of wether or not you are registered for GST, you are legally required to include a GST total on every invoice sent to an Australian customer. This GST total must be 10% of the payment amount if you are registered for GST, or it must be $0.00 if you are not registered for GST. Since all GST transactions with the government are in Australian dollars, this amount on the invoice also needs to be in AUD, or else it's impossible for you and your customer to both be working off the same GST amount. This means you need to transfer your money from USD to AUD in PayPal's ""Manage Currencies"" area before you can send a tax invoice to the customer, so that you can provide the correct amount in AUD based on the actual exchange rate for the day (and you are required to send invoices promptly). Alternatively, you can collect payments in AUD using PayPal or use a different payment service that collects payments in USD but immediately converts them to AUD for sending an invoice (australian paypal competitors often provide this service)."
any amount, any length of repay time Ask if you can have a billion dollars for a billion years. On a more serious note, that would actually be horrible advice because your monthly payment ($2.5M) would be the same at 669 years, so any term longer than that would be literally throwing money away. Though, one could argue that 669 years compared to 668 is also throwing money away, since you'd be paying an extra $30M over the course of the extra year to lower your payment by just 1 cent per month, but who are we to judge...
"As is so often the case, there is an asterisk next to that 2.5% interest offer.  It leads you to a footnote which says: Savings Interest Rate Offer of 2.5% is available between January 1, 2015 and March 31, 2015 on all net new deposits made between January 1, 2015 and March 31, 2015 to a maximum of $250,000.00 per Account registration. You only earn 2.5% interest on deposits made during those three months.  Also, on the full offer info page, it says: During the Offer Period, the Bank will calculate Additional Interest on eligible net new deposits and: All interest payments are ineligible for the purposes of calculating Additional Interest and will not be calculated for the purposes of determining eligible daily balances. In other words, any interest paid into an Applicable Account, including Additional Interest, will not be treated as a new deposit for subsequently calculating Additional Interest payments. I couldn't totally parse out all the details of the offer from their legalese, but what it sounds like is you will earn 2.5% interest on money that you deposit into the account during those three months.  Any interest you accrue during that time will not count as a deposit in this sense, and so will not earn 2.5% compounded returns.  The ""During the Offer Period"" qualification also makes it sound like this extra interest will only be paid during the three months (presumably at a 2.5% annualized rate, but I can't see where it actually says this). So essentially you are getting a one-time bonus for making deposits during a specific three-month period.  The account doesn't really earn 2.5% interest in the normal sense.  The long-term interest rate will be what it normally is for their savings accounts, which this page says is 1.05%."
Telemarketing is a method of direct marketing in which a salesperson solicits prospective customers to buy products or services, either over the phone or through a subsequent face to face or Web conferencing appointment scheduled during the call. Telemarketing can also include recorded sales pitches programmed to be played over the phone via automatic dialing.
Typically, a transfer of money isn't taxed in and of itself. If they send you $1000 and you send them goods, your profit is what would be taxed, not the full amount sent to you. You need to keep track of all money you spend to acquire the goods, and all money coming in, so you can declare the profit you've made as income. Your question appears to be less about personal finance, and more about running a small business.
The government wants money and isn't particularly interested in you getting your deductions right. Doing the worksheet on the back of the W-4 will give you a much better idea of how many deductions you can take. While many people are excited to get a tax refund, a refund means you loaned the government money all year long without getting paid interest for your generosity. The IRS will penalize you for underpaying your taxes in amounts larger than $1000 or 10% of your income, but a good ballpark estimate aiming for about ~$100 in payment at tax time is a relatively safe way to get all your money sooner than later.
December, 6, 2011 ( 03:00 pm) :- Comex Silver have strong support at $ 31.60 above this level Silver trend looking side but resistance also at $ 33.20.  Whole market investors are very much depend on the views of the European central bank which is on the 8th December 2011, European central bank President Mario will announce the financial package for the help of Italy &amp; other European countries.  Market will be in range of $ 31.60 - $ 33.20 then short term charity after the 8th December 2011 ECB &amp; BOE meeting.
This site lets people deposit gold into an account.  Once you have an account setup you can pay others in gold online.  I haven't used it or know of anyone who has so I cannot provide any feedback to how well it works.
"I haven't been to Buffalo Wild Wings that many times, so I apologize if I'm missing something, but what is appealing about that place.  Service was shit.  Food was shit.  Setting was shit.  I'd be better off going to the ""food court"" at my local grocery store than to a Buffalo Wild Wings.    There wasn't a single redeeming quality of the place."
why not just use a conditional order (http://www.investopedia.com/university/intro-to-order-types/conditional-orders.asp)? Like a one triggers one order? an order like this lets you place a buy order for the stock and if its executed another order is automatically placed. you could choose to let your second order be a stop order. so here's a company that offers stuff like this as an ex. (https://www.tradeking.com/education/tools/one-triggers-other-order)
Nobody can predict the affects of Brexit but it is wise to consider them. We saw the pound weaken after the vote to leave and it is possible the pound will weaken further after Brexit and this devaluation could be quite dramatic. If that happens it is likely to increase inflation, UK inflation has gone from under 1% around the time of the referendum to 3% today and it could well go higher. https://www.rateinflation.com/inflation-rate/uk-historical-inflation-rate If inflation continues to increase, the Bank of England is likely to put up interest rates, as it has historically done this to hedge against inflation.  We have been living in a world of artificially low interest rates since the global crash of 2008 as the BoE has tried to stimulate recovery with lower rates.  The rates cannot continue at this level if inflation starts to rise. http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/news/article-2387744/Base-rate-vs-inflation-chart-How-tell-things-really-got-better.html That in turn will put up mortgage rates.  So for example if you have a £100k mortgage at 3.92% (currently this is a reasonable rate to have) your repayments will be £523 a month.  If your mortgage rate goes up to say 7% then your repayments are £707 a month, if it goes up to 10% then it's £909 a month and so on. There is a mortgage calculator you can use to try playing with different amounts here: https://www.moneysavingexpert.com/mortgages/mortgage-rate-calculator My advice would therefore be try to get as small a mortgage as you can and make sure you can afford it quite comfortably, in case rates go up and you need to find a few hundred pounds a month extra. There are other risks from Brexit as well, house prices could fall as people decide not to buy properties due to excessive interest rates! Overall nobody knows what will happen but it is good to be planning ahead for all eventualities. ** I am not a financial advisor, this advice is given in good faith but with no financial qualification.
1 BHK  apartments in Apple 7 have been designed keeping in mind the tastes of urban dwellers looking for complete privacy, well planned amenities, modern architectural designs and better living facilities. Complete with 100% power backup, cross ventilation, high speed elevators, scope for natural sunlight, 24x7 security, earthquake resistant building plans and more, these studio apartments offer premium living space in varying sizes. Along with plentiful vertical space and ample storage capacity, these apartments are a natural choice for small families and working couples alike. Styled to perfection in an innovative manner, these well-serviced studio apartments serve to be your luxurious address in Ghaziabad –in more ways than one.
I went to Atlantic City in 1990 or so, and other than learning that the Monopoly game properties were named after the streets there, it was a gross, run-down town with a bunch of substandard casinos.  I've not been back, but in the mid 2000's I had a number of friends go and tell me it had really turned around.    Is this recent downturn new, or are those friends just idiots?
Does the 5 year rule apply on the After-tax 401k -> Roth 401k -> Roth   IRA conversion of the 20000 (including 10000 earnings that was   originally pre-tax)? No. The after-tax amounts are not subject to the 5 years rule. The earnings are. How does this affect Roth IRA withdrawal ordering rules with respect   to the taxable portion of a single conversion being withdrawn before   the non-taxable portion? Taxable portion first until exhausted. To better understand how it works, you need to understand the rationale behind the 5-year rule. Consider you have $100K in your IRA (traditional) and you want to take it out. Just withdrawing it would trigger a 10K statutory penalty, on top of the taxes due. But, you can use the backdoor Roth IRA, right? So convert the 100K, and then it becomes after-tax contribution to Roth IRA, and can be withdrawn with no penalty. One form filled ad 10K saved. To block this loophole, here comes the 5 years rule: you cannot withdraw after-tax amounts for at least 5 years without penalty, if the source was taxable conversion. Thus, in order to avoid the 10K penalty in the above situation, you have a 5-year cooling period, which makes the loophole useless for most cases. However amounts that are after tax can be withdrawn without penalty already, even from the traditional IRA, so there's no need in the 5 years cooling period. The withdrawal attribution is in this order: Roth IRA rollovers are sourced to the origin. E.g.: if you converted $100 to the Roth IRA at firm X and then a year later rolled it over to firm Y - it doesn't affect anything and the clock is ticking from the original date of the conversion at firm X. 5-year period applies to each conversion/rollover from a qualified retirement plan (see here). Distributions are applied to the conversions in FIFO order, so in one distribution, depending on the amounts, you may hit several different incoming conversions. The 5 years should be check on each of them, and the penalty applied on the amounts attributable to those that don't have enough time. 5-year period for contributions applies starting from the beginning of the first year of the first contribution that established your Roth IRA plan. The penalty applies to the amounts that were included in your gross income when conversion occurred, i.e.: doesn't apply on the amounts converted from after-tax sources. Note the difference from the traditional IRA - distributions from pre-tax sources are prorated between the non-deductible (basis) amounts and the deductible/earnings amounts (taxable). That is why the taxable amounts are first in the ordering of the distributions.
Got down voted for having consistent size? I know my size for each brand hasn't changed in a long time. This is great and give me the ability to preorder without having to stand  n line, don't see a major downside in this for me.
Convert operating leases into debt. Don't take MCD's word for cost of debt, calculate it on your own based on the credit rating they should have.  Check your numerator as well on your DCF, make sure you're considering reinvestment, etc.
We need HFT in todays market, since retail is out and volumes are at historically low levels..WE NEED COMPUTERS TO TAKE OUR TRADES OFF OUR HANDS SINCE MOM AND POP ARE BECOMING MORE AND MORE DESTITUTE THANKS TO WALL ST FUCKING MAIN STREET. IN THE ASS
But the theaters are also fixed-cost... hence the push for cooperation. It costs as much to project for one guy as for a packed house.   Theater subscriptions are a solid idea so long as theaters cooperate. Which probably means every chain will try doing its own balkanized horseshit and they'll all fail miserably.
&gt;For instance in far upstate New York its probably cheaper to truck gas from a refinery outside of Montreal than from a refinery outside of New York City or Boston.   Oddly enough, there aren't any refineries outside Boston. There aren't any in Massachusetts at all. In fact, there are also none in New York, New Hampshire, Vermont, Maine, Connecticut, or Rhode Island.  There are two refineries near New York City, but they're in New Jersey.
Since it's not a public company it would be difficult for anyone to value these options or predict their future value without a lot more details on the finances of the firm.  Once the firm goes public you can use the Black Shoales equation to get a present value for the options.  And once they've got several months of trading data you can get a very rough estimate the future stock price with it's beta.  But with individual stocks predicting future values can really be a crapshoot.
"An index annuity is almost the same as Indexed Universal Life, except the equity-index annuity is an investment with a guaranteed minimum return, with sometimes a higher return that is a function of the gain in the stock market, but is not associated with a life insurance policy.  After a time, you can convert the EIA to a lifetime income (the annuity part) or just cash it out.  They often are very complicated, but are constructed by combining bonds with index options (puts) just like indexed universal life. Unfortunately these tend to have high fees and/or commissions, and high (early) surrender charges, which can make them a poor investment.  Of course you could just ""roll your own"" by buying bonds and puts FINRAS bulletin on EIAs, pdf warning. Here's a description of one of these securities: pdf."
The government isn't shutting these people down, private corporations are. Also, just based on the demographics of this site, I'm assuming you're a straight white man. They're not targeting you, so you have the luxury of detaching yourself from the rhetoric they spout.
frankly, it's got very good advice.  It teaches you how to look at your purchases of assets and determine which are truly investments (2nd home rented out) vs those that are not (the ones you live in, don't count on appreciation).  Gives you a very simple but very clear method of accounting your expenses for becoming financially independent.  Things that are simple and you probably know but he puts it in a way that allows you to focus on it more clearly.  However, it is not a get rich quick scheme.  It doesn't tell you which gimmicks to become rich, just how to manage your investments clearly.  His later books are all a money grab and you can see him start to drift to the dark side of greed.
After doing some investigating, my employers contract with the credit card company has a clause that basically specifies that despite my name being on the credit card, and bills being sent to me, all liability is on the company. Additionally, the employer reserves the right to garnish wages in the event of a balance on the card. So it looks like it won't affect my credit score. I appreciate all of the advice.
I'm not a lawyer, and am certainly not familiar with your jurisdiction, but the general guidelines I've seen around this kind of situation are: If all else fails, you could just cancel the card, though I'm not sure what liability you have to honour the contract. I cancelled a card once to stop being charged by a particularly annoying company and had no problems, but I'm not sure if that is a good way to deal with it in general.
You can use www.etfdb.com and search on geography.
Historically the advice was to buy the best policy possible (not cheapest), at the lowest price, with the highest benefit.  The cost relative to the benefit is very cheap, and your much more likely to use disability than life insurance (for instance).  It is usually cheaper to pay for it with after tax dollars than to buy more insurance. In theory, you want to buy enough disability to replace 100% of your after tax income -- or more since there is no inflation protection built into most policies.  Insurance companies often will not sell this due to moral hazard -- although you may be able to combine policies to reach 80% or so.   Keep in mind that you will need to continue to save / invest if you are on long term disability, since most policies cease payment at 65 or when your eligible for Social Security.  In addition, your expenses often rise due to the increased medical expenditures, possibly needing COBRA / private health insurance, etc.
I too was a former Applebuddy (barf). Still got that gold name tag somewhere.   Some of the basic stuff was fine. Basically anything out of the frier. Boneless wings in BBQ sauce are pretty much just chicken nuggets at 95% of places anyway. Mexi-Ranch was the shit though.   The steaks were fucking horrible though. So much salt it was ridiculous. The shrimp parmasean shit you could get on top made it sort of tolerable, but even then it was just a grilled salt brick.
Are you still in high school? The job these people perform are generally menial pencil pushing garbage.  We don't need the best and brightest going there and we've never had it.   These people hate their jobs like everyone else, but the jobs they do are almost unneeded.   The reason they are supposed to get better benefits is because they are too stupid to plan for their future.  If you don't believe that, perhaps you should get one of those jobs.  It's like the better folks are looking out for the simpletons.  And that is a fact.
&gt; The only reason they didn't go bankrupt 20 years ago is because old people shop there. No joke, 50+ year olds have a mysterious allegiance to Sears where price etc. doesn't matter to them, they shop there anyway.  For people who buy tools, the allegiance makes sense. They sell good stuff and stand by it. For clothes and stuff, meh.
Why should I give you a single minute of my time?  Until you can answer that question, it doesn't matter *how* you go about reaching them.    You have to look at it like  sales situation.  Unless you can demonstrate value to them within the first couple of sentences, you won't be given the time of day.  These guys get pitched all day long -whether it's their employees, investors, people looking for investments or people looking for a mentor.  I'd suggest looking locally first.  Go to a couple business association meetings in your area (a lot of them are free or cost under $50).  These meetings almost always have time for networking, but you'll only get out of it what you put into it.
You were the subject of a typical scam - you cashed a check that was drawn on a stolen account, and then you forwarded the money to a second account or via other means (Western Union etc).  The owner of the stolen account informed their bank and the check was reversed, returning the original money from your account, leaving you completely out of pocket. If you forwarded the money by bank transfer or check, contact your bank and report the fraud.  If you forwarded the money via another means, such as Western Union, then these methods are usually non-reversible and you will remain out of pocket. You will not be able to get the money back from the stolen account, that was their bank reversing a fraudulent check, they wont do anything to help you. Talk to your bank.  Talk to the police.
While the article correctly points out that 90% is done in store, I would be more interested to see how this breaks down by category. Things like groceries and clothing are notoriously difficult to showcase and browse online.   If I had a guess there are wild swings in % share for things like electronics.
If Apple uses the customer's bank's prefix, then the bank gets the charge sent directly to themselves and Apple is not a payment intermediary Yes as part of adding a Card to Apple Pay, the details are sent over to issuing Bank along with device details and other info. Based on verification, the Bank sends a DAN[Device Account Number] and other codes. After you show your phone at Point of Sale, DAN gets transmitted. This is similar as Card Number getting transmitted, there is additional info encoded. Visa then sends this back to Issuing Bank and based on DAN the actual card is charged. So yes Apple doesn't know your Card Number once it gets the DAN. it's entirely possible that organized-criminals could devise even harder-to-find NFC skimmers Right now criminals have found the easy step ... as part of set-up Apple Pay sends info the Issuing Bank to Verify. If you are frequent user of iTunes and have used the same card for years, etc, its auto approved. Else they use alternative method, i.e. call the customer, etc. It is easy here to spawn. I get card details, no need to spend time in duplicating stuff [mag or chip]. Just try registering on Apply Pay, some one less experienced from Customer Service calls up and I am approved. Use this for few places and then just delete this card and add a new one. As Apply Pay doesn't store my card, they don't know new from old ...
With new credit scores tend to be very volatile. It could be something as small as carrying a higher balance or credit inquiries.  Like I mentioned, check Credit Karma to confirm nothing has changed. Also, see your inquiries. That may have impacted your score
"Gee son. That's a potential for a better than 10% gain in a short amount of time. If bought within a tax advantaged account like a IRA then you don't even pay capital gains. Does Lube know? Last I checked he was obsessing over ""bowels"" or some shit."
In this modern generation, Classifieds Australia  has become a growing industry around the world. Classifieds come into action when we need to promote our items through newspapers, online or other media solutions. Commercials in a newspapers are short, as they are charged for every line, in this case identified advertisements are useful since they are much more cost-effective than larger display advertisements, and are mostly used by individuals who have single items to provide or buy.
Short answer: it's complicated. The UK govt pages on foreign income are probably your best starting point: http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/MoneyTaxAndBenefits/Taxes/LeavingOrComingIntoTheUK/DG_10027480 As you can see, it depends on your precise residence status here.  (There is a tax treaty between the UK and the US so you wouldn't be double taxed on the income either way. But there might still be reporting obligations).
Back in college I would go home every two weeks or so and meet up with my high school buddies for 30¢ wing night. Sure they weren't making a lot of the wings (if anything) but each of us would always drop at least $20-25 a person even if we only ate ~10 wings on average. Haven't been back since they switched to the variable wing pricing.
I am in Australia, but I think the banks in the UK would use similar wrkings. Your options 1 and 2 are basically no. Why would the bank consider your wife to be paying you rent when you live together. These are the type of practices that led to the GFC, and since then practices have been tightened. Regarding option 3, yes banks do take into consideration rent in their analysis of your loan. However, they would not include the full rent in their calculations, but about 70% to 75% of the full rent. This allows for loss of rent during vacant periods and adds a safety factor in their caluclations. But they will not include the rent itself, you would have to have other income as well to support your loan. Saying that, we do have Low Doc Loans in Australia (loans with little documentation required to get a loan). With these loans you basically have to make a declaration that you are telling the truth regarding your income sources and you can only usually borrow a lower LVR as these loans are seen as a bigger risk. These type of loans have also been tightened up since the GFC.
"You can move money from a 403b to a 401k plan, but the question you should ask yourself is whether it is a wise decision. Unless there are specific reasons for wanting to invest in your new employer's 401k (e.g. you can buy your employer's stock at discounted rates within the 401k, and this is a good investment according to your friends, neighbors, and brothers-in-law), you would be much better off moving the 403b money into an IRA, where you have many more choices for investment and usually can manage to find investments with lower investment costs (e.g. mutual fund fees) than in a typical employer's 401k plan. On the other hand, 401k assets are better protected than IRA assets in case you are sued and a court finds you to be liable for damages; the plaintiff cannot come after the 401k assets if you cannot pay.  To answer the question of ""how?"", you need to talk to the HR people at your current employer to make sure that they are willing to accept a roll-over from another tax-deferred plan (not all plans are agreeable to do this) and get any paperwork from them, especially making sure that you find out where the check is to be sent, and to whom it should be payable. Then, talk to your previous employer's HR people and tell them that you want to roll over your 403b money into the 401k plan of your new employer, fill out the paperwork, make sure they know to whom to cut the check to, and where it is to be sent etc. In my personal experience, I was sent the check payable to the custodian of my new (IRA) account, and I had to send it on to the custodian; my 403b people refused to send the check directly to the new custodian. The following January, you will receive a 1099-R form from your 403b plan showing the amount transferred to the new custodian, with hopefully the correct code letter indicating that the money was rolled over into another tax-deferred account."
Wasn't trying to be combative. Apparently I came off that way unintentionally, I think there is a distinction between a real monopoly and what amazon is/is becoming that is important to distinguish.   I can respect choosing other options because you think they are effecting the marketplace too heavily, just wanted to point out a monopoly would be a different problem.
"Honestly, I see we don't see eye to eye but I can't put my finger on it.  Take the American heart association for example - you mention people who weren't middle class might not know who they are. I didn't get to eat at a sandwich restaurant for the first time until right before I graduated high school. I was so happy when I got to eat that first sandwich someone else made, and then when I saw the american heart association logo on the menu, I just assumed it was healthy. I didn't need previous experience.  Perhaps my example seems like something a middle class person would do, because I grew up aspiring to be middle class and the things I did wrong are things I thought middle class people did. To most of my point, all that is irrelevant. When you are poor, no one wants to give you advice. When you are middle class, the advice you can afford is not good but it presents itself as good. When you are well off, everyone wants to take advantage of you and good advice is hard to discern from poor advice.  Your use of the phrase ""the system"" is interesting to me. Under no circumstances would I advocate ""the system"" be trusted. In fact, in my mind, what I've described is ""the system"" accidentally but perfectly preparing people to be unable to transcend socioeconomic status, because we were prepare people to think the haves are lucky, as opposed to teaching the have-notes how to establish a plan such that their children will have opportunities and their grand children will be well off and their great grand children will be rich."
Will the investor beat the benchmark for a given period will follow a Bernoulli distribution -- each period is a coin toss, and heads mean the investor beat the market for that period.   I can't prove the negative that there is no investor ever whose probability function p = 1, but you can statistically expect a number of individual investors with p ~ 0.5 to have a sequence of many heads in a row, as a function of the total population.   By example, my father explained investment scams and hot-hand theory to me this way when I was younger:  Imagine an investor newsletter which mails out to a mailing list of 1024 prospects (or alternately, a field of 1024 amateur investor bloggers in a challenge).  Half the letters or bloggers state AAPL will go up this week, half that AAPL will go down this week.  In the newsletter case, next week ignore the people we got wrong.  In the blogger case, they're losers, so we don't pay attention to them.  Next week, similar split: half newsletters or bloggers claim GOOG go up, half GOOG go down.  This continues for a 10 week cycle.   Now, in week 10: the newsletter has a prospect they have hit correct 10x in a row: how much will he pay for a subscription?  Or, one amateur investor blogger has been on a 10 week winning streak and wins the challenge, so of course let's give her a CNBC show after Jim Cramer.  No matter what, next week, this newsletter or investor is shooting 50-50.   How do you know this person is not the statistically expected instance backed up by a pyramid of 1023 Bernoulli distribution losers?  Alternately, if you think you're going to be the winner, you've got a 1/1024 shot.
Eh I always wonder about this so called show room effect. I mean I check amazon in stores sometimes, but I'm not looking for prices really, I'm looking for *reviews*. Now if I see that Amazon has it 50% off of the in store price I might hold off, but best buy could prevent me from even looking by honestly gathering up reviews for products.
I'll get to my answer in a moment, but first need to put focus on the two key components of bond prices: interest rates and credit risk. Suppose that the 10-year treasury has a coupon of 2% per year (it would be paid as 1% twice per year, in reality). If you own one contract of the bond which we suppose has a so-called face-value of $100, then this contract will over the ten years pay you a total of $20 in coupons, then $100 at redemption. So $120 in total. Would you therefore buy this 10-year treasury bond for $120, or more, or less? Well, if there were bank accounts around which were offering you an interest rate of 2% per year fixed for the next 10 years, then you could alternatively generate $120 from just $100 deposited now (if we assume that the interest paid is not put back in the account to earn 2% per year). Consequently, a price of $100 for the treasury would seem about right. However, suppose that you are not very confident that the banks that offer these accounts will even be around in 10 years time, maybe they will fail before that and you'll never get your money back. Then you might say to yourself that the above calculation is mathematically right, but not really a full representation of the different risks. And you conclude that maybe treasuries should be a bit more expensive, because they offer better credit risk than bank deposits.  All of this just to show that the price of bonds is a comparative valuation of rates and credit: you need to know the general level of interest rates available in other investment products (even in stocks, I'd say), you need to have a feel for how much credit risk there is in the different investment products. Most people think that 'normally' interest rates are positive, because we are so familiar with the basic principle that: if I lend you some money then you need to pay me some interest. But in a world where everyone is worried about bank failures, people might prefer to effectively 'deposit' our savings with the US treasury (by buying their bonds) than to deposit their savings in the local bank. The US treasury will see this extra demand and put up the prices of their  bonds (they are not stupid at the US treasury, you know!), so maybe the price of the 10-year treasury will go above $120. It could, right? In this scenario, the implied yield on the 10-year treasury is negative. There you go, yields have gone negative because of credit risk concerns.
"Sorry as mentioned, totally new to all of this and this Subreddit's description fit my interests:   **""Topics of Interest  Market and Economy News Business Earnings and Releases Investor and Trader Tips News that Moves the Markets Long Term and Short Term Investment Ideas Economic Related Humor Most Anything Related to the Economy And, most EVERYTHING is Related to the Economy""**  However, I appreciate your info and will test out the other pages subscribers knowledge :)"
This should all be covered in your stock grant documentation, or the employee stock program of which your grant is a part.   Find those docs and it should specify how or when you can sale your shares, and how the money is paid to you.  Generally, vested shares are yours until you take action.  If instead you have options, then be aware these need to be exercised before they become shares.  There is generally a limited time period on how long you can wait to exercise.  In the US, 10 years is common. Unvested shares will almost certainly expire upon your departure of the company.  Whether your Merrill Lynch account will show this, or show them as never existing, I can't say.  But either way, there is nothing you can or should do.
Returns reported by mutual funds to shareholders, google, etc. are computed after all the funds' costs, including Therefore the returns you see on google finance are the returns you would actually have gotten.
"This question feels like an EL&U question to me, and so I will treat it as one. Investment, noun form of to invest, originally from the Latin investire, meaning to clothe, means: [T]o commit (money) in order to earn a financial return Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary, Invest, vb. tr., definition 1 As such, when a person commits money with the purpose of earning a financial return, they are investing.  Playing the lottery, when done so for the purpose of financial return, would fall under this definition - even if it's a poor choice.   Gambling, verb tense of to gamble, likely originally from the word gamen, meaning to play, means: a :  to play a game for money or property b :  to bet on an uncertain outcome Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary, Gamble, vb. itr., definition 1 Playing the lottery is clearly gambling (as a lottery is a game, by definition). The second definition could well include investing in the stock market, particularly certain kinds of investments (derivatives, currency speculation, for example). Aside from the definitions, however, normal usage clearly favors investment to be something with an expectation of positive return, while gambling is taking a risk without that expectation (rather with the hope of positive return).  Legally, as well, playing the lottery is not something that is considered investment (so it is taxed differently).  However, the question was ""Can"", and by definition, clearly it can be (assuming you are not asking legally)."
I think in such situations a good rule of thumb may be - if you are asked to pay significant sums of money upfront before anything is done, stop and ask yourself, what would you do if they don't do what they promised? They know who you are, but usually most you know is a company name and phone number. Both can disappear in a minute and what are you left with?  If they said they'd pay off the debt and issue the new loan - fine, let them do it and then you pay them. If they insist on having money upfront without delivering anything - unless it's a very big and known and established company you probably better off not doing it. Either it's a scam or in the minuscule chance they are legit you still risking too much - you're giving money and not getting anything in return.
The big box retailers weren't really a monopoly.  It was just a better business model.  There were many of them and they were very competitive with each other (we'll match our competitor's price). Many of them even went out of business because the profits were driven down to such low levels.
Audating Sites is an adult dating website that provides a substantial, sufficient membership to make a game in the action-orientated of personal dating. If you are looking Girls for sex online in the Australia, then we are the best one way for you.Our strategy is to offer simple, fundamental functionality and with actually compiled a significant following of members in the Australia. This is a free online dating website for men and women has quickly garnered the attention of the masses because of it is simple.
Many folks use bonds to diversify their portfolio since bonds rise and fall in value at different times and for different reasons than stocks. Bonds pay interest on a regular basis (usually monthly or quarterly) and so some people invest in bonds in order to match the interest payments to some regular expense they might have. The interest payment does not change (fixed income).  For individual bonds, there is a maturity date at which you can expect to receive the face value of the bond (the issuer's creditworthiness is important here). You can make a little money on a bond by buying it when its value is lower than its face value and either selling later for a higher value, or waiting for it to mature.  Often the minimum investment for a single bond is high, so if you don't have a large enough amount, you can still get the performance of bonds through a bond fund. These do not mature, so you don't have a guarantee of a return of your investment. However, they have access to more bonds than retail investors, so the funds can keep your money more fully invested. If you don't need the income, you can reinvest the dividends and have a little extra capital growth this way.
There is a big difference between taking no action and providing guidance which is ignored by elected officials. Smart economic policy is not necessarily as palatable as bad policy. The candidate who advocates getting rid of inefficient tax breaks will lose to the one who offers tax cuts. Add to that lobbying money etc. and you get persistent economic inefficiency.
Well, we just need to better to recycle these bruised merch into things like fruit tray and other prepared foods if possible.  Because A: People will choose unbruised fruit over non- and B: Bruised fruit selling at a discount would encourage people to bruise merchandise.
That makes sense doesn't it? Longer wait times? Won't that be the result of covering everyone?   So yes, wait times are a concern. Is that your number 1 concern? More than money or how effective the system is? You will pay almost double to wait a month less for treatment(life threatening cases still get treated as fast as they do in the US if not faster), or to see a doctor two hours sooner? You will pay more for a system that gives you less?  The quality of care is not dog shit. I don't know where you get this from. https://www.forbes.com/sites/danmunro/2014/06/16/u-s-healthcare-ranked-dead-last-compared-to-10-other-countries/#45cf82b6576f  You will find this pattern in all other legitimate studies you look at. Your dog shit claim applies to the US more than anyone. Its amazing how willing Americans are to swallow the lie that changing their healthcare system will make it worse. That the free market is the answer. Reality does not reflect that and seeing as this is the economics subreddit, I think it should be very easy for people to come up with reasons why healthcare does not behave like selling widgets.  Now, not all those systems are fully socialized. There are free market elements, for example, Germany and Switzerland are similar to Obamacare, however there is more robust regulations in those systems that help to keep costs down and quality up. The UK does have Universal Healthcare(all of them have a universal system actually, but the UK has single payer which is what I think you meant), and it goes pretty well. Even the Canadian system for all its flaws has better survival rates compared to American treatments, and at a much lower cost. Ask any Canadian if they would prefer the American system, or even if they would prefer to go back to pre-universal coverage days and any sane one would not....and Canada has the next worse system. Its marginally better than the American system, but at a much lower cost.   What you think is ideal isn't based on any real research I suspect. Its based on ideology. This is a real American problem(I think its safe to assume you are American by your claim that ~~universal coverage~~ single payer is dog shit)   If you decide what priorities are most important, and then look at the systems that exist in the world and see which ones best meet your criteria for success, it won't be a pure free market system. Every developed nation had a pure free market system at some point and each one had to switch to a better system. Nobody has switched back. The most free market system in the developed world is not only the worst performing, but also the most expensive.......as economic theory can predict due to the unique nature of healthcare.
The way deductions work normally does not take into account what account the transaction was made using.  I.e. you report your gross income, your deductions and they subtract the deductions from the income.  What's left is your taxable income.   The tricky part comes with pre-tax contributions to tax advantaged accounts (like 401(k)).  Those plans require the contributions to be made by your company.  Since contributions to 529 plans are not deductible on your federal income taxes, the money is not going to be directly deposited. So it does not matter how the money goes into the plan.  Just make sure you keep a record of your contributions.
"Ugh... yes, you have to tell us what information you have available. It would be a completely different answer if, for example, you had a balance sheet for a prior period and an income statement for the current period and had to estimate the working capital accounts. If you can't be bothered to ""want to give the problem"" nobody is going to be bothered to help you with it.   Inventory days = days of COGS in inventory. (15 / 360 times cogs). AR is 35 days of sales in AR. 35/360* sales. Vendor credit is accounts payable -- 40 /360 * COGS.   If your sales and COGs are given by operating cycle rather than annually, use 50 instead of 360. (for whatever reason, convention says use 360 instead of 365)."
This is fine and can definitely be done. The bank will be perfectly fine with it since you're paying interest on the money, as long as they're confident that you can repay the whole (growing) balance. Of course, there's the issue of the credit limit which you'll eventually reach and then you won't be able to pull this off any longer. Problems start when the bank either loses that confidence, or the credit line is term limited (like HELOC, for example) and comes to term. In either case, you'll be required to cover the balance, and especially in the first case - as a balloon payment. If they call on you when you do that - you will most likely go bankrupt, and the longer you keep doing it - the higher are the chances of that happening.
If your gut told you to buy during the depths of '09, your gut might be well-calibrated. The problem is stock market declines during recessions are frequently not that large relative to the average long run return of 9%:  A better strategy might be hold a percentage in equities based upon a probability distribution of historical returns.  This becomes problematic because of changes in the definition of earnings and the recent inflation stability which has encouraged high valuations:  Cash flow has not been as corrupted as earnings now, and might be a better indicator:  This obviously isn't perfect either, but returns can be improved. Since there is no formulaic way yet conventionally available, the optimal primary strategy is still buy & hold which has made the most successful investor frequently one of the richest people on the planet for decades, but this could still be used as an auxiliary for cash management reserves during recessions once retired.
It was originally sponsored on 5/11 by Marco Rubio along with 4 other Republicans and 4 Democrats. It passed through both houses with relative ease. Lets not make this out to be some tough piece of legislation Trump had to fight for. This is something he signed on his way out the door to another golf trip.   And lets not forget the president is cutting disability pay for 225,000 veterans who are retirement age. This cuts what these veterans live on to about $1100 per month and saves a mere $3.2 billion while discretionary spending in the department has increased over $4 billion.   But go on and cheer the Secretary's ability to hire and fire people easier.
A company as large as Home Depot will have a fairly robust Human Resources department and would probably be able to steer you in the right direction: odds are they know the name of the brokerage and other particulars. I did some googling around, their # is  (1-866-698-4347). Different states have different rules about how long an institution can have assets abandoned before turning them over to the state. California, as an example, has an abandoned property search site that you can use.  That being said, I had some penny stocks sitting in a brokerage account I never touched for about 20 years and when I finally logged back in there they were, still sitting there.
"There is no reason to believe that we won't reach a point where machines can do literally every task currently performed by humans.  What then? Will the machines fulfill our every whim and pamper us throughout or lives?  Or will they say ""the hell with this"" and throw us off the planet?"
I'm not an expert on reverse mortgages but from my understanding the closing costs are much higher than traditional mortgages and the LTV is generally pretty low. So the bank makes money by not loaning out all that much compared to the value of the property and by charging high fees on the front end.
The purpose of a hedge fund is not to hedge.  People do not put their money in a hedge fund because they want to protect against downside.  They put their money in a hedge fund to make money.  Of course any fund is going to have risk controls, whatever form they take.  And the S&amp;P 500 goes belly up way less often than the average hedge fund.  Want to protect against the downside?  Just don't pull out.  All I'm saying is OP's comment is really fucking stupid.  It'd be like saying Greenlight Capital can't make leet gains because it shorted Allied Capital while longing the overall stock market.
Less so today, but there was a time that women played a smaller role in the household finances, letting the husband manage the family money. Women often found themselves in a frightening situation when the husband died.  Still, despite those who protest to the contrary, men and women tend to think differently, how they problem solve, how they view risk. An advisor who understands these differences and listens to the client of either sex, will better serve them.
"Whole Foods quality standards will always make them the best option for strictly healthy food. Whole Foods biggest flaw is not advertising why they are healthier so many people believe that Trader Joe's and the ""healthy"" selections at other grocery stores are just the same at a lower price. In a few cases this may be true but most products at these stores are no different than the name brand products, they just have a ""healthy"" looking label. Whole Foods just got the ""whole paycheck"" stigma early on and rather than explain why their prices are higher, they just let it be.   Ultimately I think Whole Foods hit a wall with their customer base and since they continue to open stores faster than they can get new customers, the same store sales have been steadily declining. Introduce competition with lower prices as well and Whole Foods was sent reeling.   Also the stock has been consistently trading over the buyout price per share since the announcement meaning the market is even saying that the price was too low and that Amazon got a great deal. I'm interested to see if the speculation of a bidding war will actually commence."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/es_20170626_whengrowthisnotenough.pdf) reduced by 97%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The Reagan revolution heralded a more constrained approach to economic policy, aimed primarily at fostering aggregate economic growth by empowering the private sector.  &gt; The distinction between the two types of policies should be in front of mind, including the recognition that a reduction in rules that protect incumbent workers, for example, may need to be balanced with an increase, not a decrease, in active policies to support necessary adjustments in the labor market.  &gt; If the resources released by economic change are to be effectively redeployed; if the benefits of growth are to be widely shared; and if economic policy is to be widely perceived as both successful in its own terms and politically legitimate, then making those interventions effective should be a top priority for policymakers.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6jyepz/fantastic_ben_bernanke_speech_on_the_populist/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~154447 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **policy**^#1 **economic**^#2 **American**^#3 **more**^#4 **United**^#5"
Since I got downvoted for poking fun at   &gt; I've come to realize I don't really enjoy the engineering aspects of my job nor the industry, but I enjoy corporate culture.  Here's some info for those actually interested:   https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/corporate-strategy-vs-corporate-development https://www.mergersandinquisitions.com/corporate-finance-jobs/ https://www.mergersandinquisitions.com/day-in-life-corporate-finance-analyst/ https://www.quora.com/Strategic-Management-What-is-the-typical-day-in-the-life-of-a-corporate-strategy-consultant https://www.mergersandinquisitions.com/corporate-development-on-the-job/      Corporate finance (Controllers, FP&amp;A, Treasury) is a catch-all for jobs that quantify and manage a company's money. This includes figuring out how much money the business is making, budgeting, and gaining access to money for future plans. They spend most of their day on excel, browsing reddit, and complaining that other departments don't take them seriously. There is work-life balance, unless your company is at risk of bankruptcy, but pay will likely be the least of this group.   Corporate strategy/development is about finding ways to achieve the vision/goals of the C-suite. Corporate development usually are ex-IB people and focused on finding companies to acquire, integrate, and achieve the goals of the acquisition (synergies, returns on investment, technology/product acquisition). Corporate strategy is usually broader and could be focused on improving the brand, figuring out new uses for a product, finding new partners, or generally looking for good ideas to improve the company.  Business development usually is about growing the company through finding new customers, markets, or partnerships. Instead of selling specific products or services, you're selling your company's abilities and brand.   I'd say, with your engineering background, if you can swing a corporate strategy gig, you'd have the greatest opps for any VP you decide. I'd say if you want to sell or are good at selling, then business development may be compelling. If I were you, corporate finance would be the least appealing unless you are truly interested in finance.
To sum up: My question came from misunderstanding what cost basis applies to. Now I get it that it applies to stocks as physical entities. Consider a chain of buys of 40 stock A with prices $1-$4-$10-$15 (qty 10 each time) then IRS wants to know exactly which stock I am selling. And when I transfer stocks to different account, that cost basis transfers with them. Cost basis is included in transfers, so that removes ambiguity which stock is being sold on the original account. In the example above, cost basis of 20 stocks moved to a new account would probably be $1 x 10 and $4 x 10, i.e. FIFO also applies to transfers.
I would say start now, its never too early! It does add up over time and even if it is just a tiny amount, just getting in the habit of setting aside money is great. Looking back i wish i had started earlier instead of pushing it back. There will always be something to spend it on  pushing it back whether its college or a car ect.  Start now and thank yourself later.
You gun!!! That is awesome to hear I'm hoping to have everyone up and running by the start of 2019 I have a lot to learn before I put money into everything but hearing that it works helps with this whole thing.
"Disclaimer: My answer is based on US tax law, but I assume Australian situation would be similar. The IRS would not be likely to believe your statement that ""I wouldn't have gone to the country if it wasn't for the conference.""  A two-week vacation, with a two-day conference in there, certainly looks like you threw in the conference in order to deduct vacation expenses.  At the very least, you would need a good reason why this conference is necessary to your business. If you can give that reason, it would then depend on the specifics of Australian law.  The vacation is clearly not just incidental to the trip. The registration for the conference is always claimable as a business expense."
The exchange rate between two currencies is simply the price that the most recent market participants were able to agree on, when trading. ie: if the USDCAD is 1.36, it's because the last trade that happened where someone bought 1 USD cost 1.36 CAD. There is no one person/organization which 'decides' the rate between two currencies. The rate moves you see is just the reality of money changing hands as people in various situations trade currencies for various reasons. Just like with stocks or any other market product, foreign exchange rates can fluctuate wildly based on many things. It is very difficult to forecast where rates will go, because the biggest changes in rates can often be unpredictable news events. For example, when Brexit happened, the value of the GBP plummeted relative to other currencies, because the market traders had less faith in the UK economy, and therefore weren't willing to pay as much to buy GBP. See more here: https://money.stackexchange.com/a/76482/44232. There is a very high level of risk in the foreign exchange market; for your sake, don't get involved in any trading that you do not well understand, first.
Do you own your own home, or some land? Buy materials and/or completed outbuildings (sheds, etc) Do a small renovation on your house Do some landscaping, gardening, etc
If you have a new company and you want to attract investors, such as venture capitalists and private equity, incorporating in Delaware LLC probably makes sense. There are actually many investors who will only invest in a Delaware Online incorporation, so starting off by creating a Delaware corporation from the beginning may save a lot of money and stress down the road. You can also choose to form an LLC in Delaware, to begin with, then convert it to a C corporation later.
"First thing is that your English is pretty damn good.  You should be proud.  There are certainly adult native speakers, here in the US, that cannot write as well. I like your ambition, that you are looking to save money and improve yourself.   I like that you want to move your funds into a more stable currency. What is really tough with your plan and situation is your salary.  Here in the US banks will typically have minimum deposits that are high for you.  I imagine the same is true in the EU.  You may have to save up before you can deposit into an EU bank. To answer your question:  Yes it is very wise to save money in different containers.  My wife and I have one household savings account.  Yet that is broken down by different categories (using a spreadsheet).  A certain amount might be dedicated to vacation, emergency fund, or the purchase of a luxury item.  We also have business and accounts and personal accounts.   It goes even further.  For spending we use the ""envelope system"".  After our pay check is deposited, one of us goes to the bank and withdraws cash.  Some goes into the grocery envelope, some in the entertainment envelope, and so on.   So yes I think you have a good plan and I would really like to see a plan on how you can increase your income."
Yes but unfortunately not only are Sears and K-Mart big employers, but they are often anchor stores in malls, meaning that if they close, pretty much every store in the mall is going to take a hit, and then the mall itself could collapse.  I suppose this drives gas prices up, as people now have to drive more to get their shit.  So buy Shell, is I guess what I'm getting at.
"So, I am one of these ""job creators"" right now.  I am doing software development and have hired 1 person from the U.S. and a team from Germany. So I will leave it to someone else to determine how changing my tax structure impacts job creation."
Utah Assisted Living (Summerfield Retirement) has worked hard to create a warm, inviting and comfortable environment for every senior resident. It is ideally located close to shopping area and Timpanogos hospital. Schedule a tour or just walk in, we will be happy to serve you. Get more information here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zV529rodPZM&amp;feature=youtu.be
I would add him to Google Places, Yelp and AngiesList. Not 100% if you can add yourself to AngiesList but once you start getting referrals from there, it can be a nice flow of users if you can get them to leave good reviews.   I hired a plumber off AngiesList and liked him a lot. I referred him to my in laws and they liked him too. He had about 70 positive reviews on there. It's all about reputation online and off.   Might even want to get in with realtors to give your cards to people that need the work for referral commissions.
"&gt;in contradiction to all the climate models.  Please, explain to me how and why climate models (remember, climate is at LEAST 30 years) are supposed to capture short term weather trends?   Do you use a calendar to tell time?   (Oh, and by the way, [the models that capture ocean trends best also captured the ""pause.""](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/climate-consensus-97-per-cent/2014/jul/21/realistic-climate-models-accurately-predicted-global-warming) So you're wrong on pretty much every level.)"
It may clarify your thinking if you look at this as two transactions: I am an Australian so I cannot comment on US tax laws but this is how the Australian Tax Office would view the transaction. By thinking this way you can allocate the risks correctly, Partnership Tenancy Two things should be clear - you will need a good accountant and a good lawyer. I do not agree that there is a conflict of interest in the lawyer acting for both parties - his role should only be for advice and to document what the two of you agree to. If you end up in dispute, then you need two lawyers.
Foodex Trade Ltd is the United Kingdom based Exporter and importer provider. We are connected to a portion of the conspicuous providers and merchants in the food and drink industry. Our principle item is sunflower oil, which used to make the many sorts of sustenance. Which gives a wide assortment of items according to our client's demand. We give, the more kind of sustenance item and refreshment item our client's demand.
Finding a way to make business development work became a crusade. I got very lucky. My fourth company showed me the way. Within six months I had the beginnings of a solution. Those first insights formed the core of an innovative, potent and cost-effective approach to business development.
It's funny that you are being downvoted because it's a great question. If someone other than Mayer had been running Yahoo for the last 5 years under the exact same circumstances, would they have made the same decisions? Obviously no one can ever know but it makes you think.
I think if you fought the charges, you would lose in court. The contact apparently clearly states the charges. The guess the only option is to make an announcement at your wedding. Sadly positions the bride/groom between the hotel and the guests. Maybe it's just me, but I don't pay much attention to Yelp anymore.
Depending on your bank you may receive an ACH discount for doing automatic withdrawals from a deposit account at that bank. Now, this depends on your bank and you need to do independent research on that topic. As far as dictating what your extra money goes towards each month (early payments, principal payments, interest payments) you need to discuss that with your bank. I'm sure it's not too difficult to find. In my experience most banks, so long as you didn't sign a contract on your mortgage where you're penalized for sending additional money, will apply extra money toward early payments, and not principal. I would suggest calling them. I know for my student loans I have to send a detailed list of my loans and in what order I want my extra payments toward each, otherwise it will be considered an early payment, or it will be spread evenly among them all.
Can they reject a hundred dollar bill as a payment of debt?! No. A creditor cannot refuse payment in cash, whatever denomination you use. HOWEVER, when you're buying stuff - you don't owe anything to the business owner. There's no debt, so the above rule doesn't apply. As long as there's no debt in existence, the matter of payment is decided between two parties based on the mutual agreement. The demand not to use large bills is reasonable in places like 7/11 or taxi-cab that are frequently robbed, or at a small retailer that doesn't want to invest into forgery detection and fraud prevention. So the answer to this question: Is it the case where this practice of accepting small bills and   rejecting large bills is perfectly legal? Is yes. You can find the full explanation on Treasury.gov, including code references.
"The question for each business will have to be ""does automation make sense""? There is a cost associated with switching, but is that greater for the business than keeping employees at a higher wage?  Also, we've seen little enough of automation at the customer service level, that we don't know if the customer base will respond well to it... Is this going to be another lesson learned like offshoring?  This is still just a shock. I have a gut feeling that outside of limited applications in the fast food industry, automation of service jobs will be more similar to grocery store implementations of self service registers than anything else."
Does it cost money to refi? I know there are quite a few deals out there, I refi'd in June for $500, not bad. But sometimes can cost couple grand. If so, you have up front costs, plus the cost of the personal loan, that probably would break even at some point after your refi, but at what point? Will you sell before then, or even think about it? Or would you break even next year, then its a no brainer. As mentioned by others, do the numbers.
"So, the soviet union purchases its own debt, and this is a shining example of a historical empire that worked in your mind? Come on man, you aren't that fucking stupid are you? You don't need me to explain why that is a very, very incorrect choice do you?  I asked you to name an empire, historically, that purchased its own debt and was successful in doing so. You have still yet to do that.  And btw, there are many, many different forms of ""fallacies"", don't be a redditor and only learn one. Ad hominem is the same thing as saying personal attacks, and its pretty overused on this site."
So, I'm in IT Operations and my work life balance is also shit. 50hr weeks are my good weeks. I'm always on call. Always. At any moment I could be on a 24hr conference call.  I make less than 2% of my CEO's pay and I'm by no means on the lower end of our company's pay scale. CEOs are making more now than in the past, including when compared to the average working salary [source](http://web.mit.edu/frydman/www/trends_frydmansaks_0808.pdf) and [source](http://www.epi.org/publication/ib331-ceo-pay-top-1-percent/). That's just to give you perspective.   Honestly this guy's email is manipulative and should be taken with a grain of salt. His argument for pain is that he's worked hard, didn't have any fun, and had to restructure his debt on his ginormous house? What about the folks that work two and three jobs to keep their shitty apartment in the inner city of Chicago? How about the pain of not knowing of you can feed your children this week or the next despite working those three jobs? Those folks just spend all their money on liquor and fancy meals. That's why they're poor.   I've heard this argument before from the mining heiress in Australia. Poor people are poor because they are lazy and drink too much. That's a convenient narrative for rationalizing his greed and opulence no doubt originating from the deep analysis he's done on the socioeconomic causes of poverty. I'll buy that for a dollar.
"Don't know why you're being down voted here. If any one still thinks Trump was ever fit for office I'd personally be shocked. He's done so much more harm to America than good by being our president. Other countries laugh at us. America is a circus act and will remain so while he's in ""power"". I won't even say president because that just not the right term anymore imo."
"I suppose it is on the surface, when you look at the cost of that indivdual item to your individual doorstep.  But one most consider the efficiency of the entire *system*.  While one item may be a chore, the UPS driver is really an online shopping delivery man.  Courier companies have developed very efficient networks of delivery.  Vastly more efficient than the net sum of the chaotic weekend chore runs that we all do, heading from store to store accross the city.  I know i've switched over to online shopping almost exclusively to avoid that. I'd rather wait a few days and have whatever i need delivered to home or work than waste one of my week days ""running around"".  I know that doesn't sound like much of a point, but consider the effect if a significant percentage of the population began to utilize online shopping.  Replacing the chaotic hordes of individuals running around all week, with an efficient delivery system.  The infrastructure savings would be likely be significant, and quality of life would be improved for most with less errands to be running.  It would be interesting if that could be quantified and compared to what the income from a state sales tax would bring."
Sounds feasible.  I make $45000 a year, with two car payments, credit card and student loan debt.  Also, my wife doesn't work.  I was approved for a $116000 house with a USDA loan.  There are limits or how much debt you can have when applying for a USDA (sorry, I can't remember off the top of my head) and you'll also be getting the house inspected under different regulations.   For instance, we couldn't get approved until the seller put a handrail on a set of exterior stairs.  That regulation is specific to USDA along with a few others. I'm living in southern Indiana and this just happened a couple months ago for us. Make sure you have some money set aside for various things like a lawn mower and if the siding blows off the night after you move in (yup, that happened).  Also, shop around for homeowner's insurance.  We did some hunting, and we found a provider who was willing to price match and ended up saving some money on our car insurance as well.
This is called the Ask-Bid Spread. The difference varies based on the liquidly of the asset. The more liquid or the higher the volume of trades for the asset then the smaller the spread is. The spread goes to the broker to pay for some of the cost of the trade. My guess is that when there is a higher volume of shares being traded, brokers need to take less of a fee per share out of the transaction to cover their costs. This makes the spread is smaller.  This is essentially the difference in   price between the highest price that a   buyer is willing to pay for an asset   and the lowest price for which a   seller is willing to sell it. The seller will get the bid price and the buyer will pay the ask and the broker keeps the spread. From http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bid-askspread.asp
The lot size is 100 troy ounce. See the contract specification at the same site; http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/metals/precious/gold_contract_specifications.html So with the current price of around $1785, one lot would cost you around 178,500. There may be other sites that offer smaller lots you would need to check with your broker. if the price moves up by $500, you gain $50,000 for a lot. The margin required changes from time to time:  Currently it's $3666, with a maintenance of $3332, so a drop of $3.34 per oz of gold will cause a margin call. You make or lose 100 times the per oz movement as there are 100oz in the contract you cited. There's also a broker fee analogous to the commission on a stock trade.  The other option would be to buy a fund that invests in Gold, this will be more easier to buy and the lot sizes will be much less. I hope you jumped into this great opportunity. At the time, experts said gold would have a straight run to $5000.
Thanks for your feedback! I do see the 2 million cell limit being issues with big datasets sometimes. I think it just reassures me that if other companies have made the transition and are running well after, then we can get through this transition as well lol
Then the energy companies will probably just lobby the government to pass a law banning people from going off-grid and requiring them to pay high fees to hook up solar systems to the grid (to make sure they're never economical) like they did in Spain.
Um ... are you asking how much of a wage increase for the people who are employed will make up for the loss in income to the people who become unemployed?   If so, I don't think increasing Joe's wages by any amount will counteract Bob's loss of his job.
&gt; they will just leave instead of paying.   Great.   The rich are rich because they own things that leech money from our economies.  We can tax them wherever they are by taxing the mechanisms by which they earn money from us.  Having them all leave would be the best thing, because it would dispel the illusion that helping the rich helps America.   &gt; The rich already pay the vast majority of taxes.  Only if you ignore most of the taxes the rest of us pay.
So these two guys endangered or killed people and received shorter prison sentences than many MJ users used to receive in the US? Amazing. China may be corrupt, but at least they'd execute these bastards in short order.
"Books such as ""The Pocket Idiot's Guide to Investing in Mutual Funds"" claim that money market funds and CDs are the most prudent things to invest in if you need the money within 5 years. More specifically:"
Think of your mortgage this way - you have a $130K 16 year mortgage, at 6.75%.  At 4%, the same payment ($1109 or so) will pay off the loan in 12.4 years. So, I agree with littleadv, go for a 15yr fixed (but still make the higher payment) or 10 yr if you don't mind the required higher payment. Either way, a refinance is the way to go.  Edit - My local bank is offering me a 3.5% 15 yr loan with fees totaling $2500. For the OP here, a savings of 3.25% or first year interest savings of $4225. 7 months to breakeven.  It's important not to get caught up in trying to calculate savings 15-20 years out. What counts today is the rate difference and looking at it over the next 12 months is a start. If you break even to closing costs so soon, that's enough to make the decision.
Maybe but would it be ruined if that 10% was merely moved from DoD money to funding local businesses or something?  The downside of defense funding is that even if it provides jobs, it's not self sustainable, whereas if you used that money to fund startups/local businesses, those things could potentially eventually grow or at least not require additional funding.  Then your city would not require outside funding to survive which is even better no?
yeah, I like that, sp. as I'm as computer scientist working in engineering software and love optimization.  guess you just can't push a rope, but maybe we can put in place rules which create the incentives that guide the machine.   Often think about the incentives which guide bank lending decisions, how the commissions for issuing debt became somehow much more important to people than the idea of repayment.  Debt, created from nothing, only has value insofar as it is going to be repaid.  Maybe the knowledge they would not have to cover their own losses was enough to imbalance the equation.. lack of diligence became very common.. but why?  I remember doing business courses in the 80s where repayment was the first thing we were thinking about, all through the course of evaluating lending decisions..
"I'm told that the analysis and arriving at an answer with a good attitude is the correct response and not the precise answer.  Bad answer : What? That's impossible, go fuck yourself, asshole. Better: Well, I have a Expedition and its cabin is about six feet across, ten feet deep and four feet high, so lets say 400,000 sq inches (rounding means your cool, right). About a third of the space is taken up by seats and what not, so 275,000 sq inches free. Lets assuming we pack the balls in there tight from the sun roof. I figure a tennis ball takes up 4/3(3.1416)2.5"" each, so lets say 10. So 27,500. I'd order 30,000  to be safe and have a well stuffed SUV. Do you want the engine compartment full too? Too much: Same as above but ""so to test this I was able to cram 27895 without damaging any of the plastic SUV parts, and allowing for the sun roof to close."
Yes, what they said. You don't mention where you are on the totem pole. Are you reporting to the top dog, or are you 3 levels down? Not to be a downer, but until you know your cut, I'd not get too excited either way. 1000 shares/options of a LinkedIn turned to nearly $100K. Nothing to sneeze at, to be sure, but not enough to retire, nor bother contacting a lawyer.  The details of the equity should be spelled out clearly, nothing against Lawyers, but it's likely to be wasted money.
"Like Jeremy T said above, silver is a value store and is to be used as a hedge against sovereign currency revaluations.  Since every single currency in the world right now is a free-floating fiat currency, you need silver (or some other firm, easily store-able, protect-able, transportable asset class; e.g. gold, platinum, ... whatever...) in order to protect yourself against government currency devaluations, since the metal will hold its value regardless of the valuation of the currency which you are denominating it in (Euro, in your case).  Since the ECB has been hesitant to ""print"" large amounts of currency (which causes other problems unrelated to precious metals), the necessity of hedging against a plummeting currency exchange rate is less important and should accordingly take a lower percentage in your diversification strategy.  However, if you were in.. say... Argentina, for example, you would want to have a much larger percentage of your assets in precious metals. The EU has a lot of issues, and depreciation of hard assets courtesy of a lack of fluid currency/capital (and overspending on a lot of EU governments' parts in the past), in my opinion, lessens the preservative value of holding precious metals.  You want to diversify more heavily into precious metals just prior to government sovereign currency devaluations, whether by ""printing"" (by the ECB in your case) or by hot capital flows into/out of your country.  Since Eurozone is not an emerging market, and the current trend seems to be capital flowing back into the developed economies, I think that diversifying away from silver (at least in overall % of your portfolio) is the order of the day. That said, do I have silver/gold in my retirement portfolio?  Absolutely.  Is it a huge percentage of my portfolio?  Not right now.  However, if the U.S. government fails to resolve the next budget crisis and forces the Federal Reserve to ""print"" money to creatively fund their expenses, then I will be trading out of soft assets classes and into precious metals in order to preserve the ""real value"" of my portfolio in the face of a depreciating USD. As for what to diversify into?  Like the folks above say: ETFs(NOT precious metal ETFs and read all of the fine print, since a number of ETFs cheat), Indexes, Dividend-paying stocks (a favorite of mine, assuming they maintain the dividend), or bonds (after they raise the interest rates).  Once you have your diversification percentages decided, then you just adjust that based on macro-economic trends, in order to avoid pitfalls. If you want to know more, look through: http://www.mauldineconomics.com/ < Austrian-type economist/investor http://pragcap.com/ < Neo-Keynsian economist/investor with huge focus on fiat currency effects"
"$1500 per 90 minute session is $1000 an hour unless there is another price quote I overlooked.  The question the author answers shows just how much standardized tests can be gamed.  She simply used the ""plug and chug"" method which requires very little understanding of the concept the questions was supposed to test."
Restricted Stock Units are different from stock options because instead of buying them at a particular strike price, you receive the actual shares of stock. They are taxed as ordinary income at the time that the restriction is lifted (you don't have to sell them to be taxed). Usually, you can choose to have a percentage of the stock withheld to cover tax withholding or pay for the withholding out of pocket (so you can retain all of your shares).
I think  the cleanest way to do this is to rent the house from your father for 2 years, possibly adding an option to buy at a set price to the lease agreement.  That takes care of any gift issues, and avoids complications like you living in a house that you couldn't afford to own otherwise.  If/when you are able to afford a mortgage, get a mortgage on the house and buy it from your father.   Will a bank be willing to take out a mortgage on a house that I technically own for the full amount? I would not take out a mortgage for anything more than 80% of the house's market value.  Anything more than that, and you need to pay mortgage insurance, which will increase your monthly payment for no benefit to you.   My biggest concern is that you won't be able to afford an 80% mortgage after 2 years.  If your father really wants to keep the house in the family then he should either keep the house and rent it to you, or give you the down payment as a gift (keeping under the maximum gift to avoid taxes). If neither you or your father cannot afford the house you may have no choice but to sell it.  I would not advise you make a bad financial decision purely for sentimental reasons.
"So, the term ""ready market"" simply means that a market exists in which there are legitimate buy/sell offers, meaning there are investors willing to own or trade in the security. A ""spot market"" means that the security/commodity is being delivered immediately, rather at some predetermined date in the future (hence the term ""futures market"").  So if you buy oil on the spot market, you'd better be prepared to take immediate delivery, where as when you buy a futures contract, the transaction doesn't happen until some later date.  The advantage for futures contract sellers is the ability to lock in the price of what they're selling as a hedge against the possibility of a price drop between now and when they can/will deliver the commodity.  In other words, a farmer can pre-sell his grain at a set price for some future delivery date so he can know what he's going to get regardless of the price of grain at the time he delivers it.  The downside to the farmer is that if grain prices rise higher than what he sold them for as futures contracts then he loses that additional money.  That's the advantage to the buyer, who expects the price to rise so he can resell what he bought from the farmer at a profit. When you trade on margin, you're basically borrowing the money to make a trade, whether you're trading long (buying) or short (selling) on a security.  It isn't uncommon for traders to pledge securities they already own as collateral for a margin account, and if they are unable to cover a margin call then those securities can be liquidated or confiscated to satisfy the debt.  There still may even be a balance due after such a liquidation if the pledged securities don't cover the margin call. Most of the time you pay a fee (or interest rate) on whatever you borrow on margin, just like taking out a bank loan, so if you're going to trade on margin, you have to include those costs in your calculations as to what you need to earn from your investment to make a profit. When I short trade, I'm selling something I don't own in the expectation I can buy it back later at a lower price and keep the difference.  For instance, if I think Apple shares are going to take a steep drop at some point soon, I can short them.  So imagine I short-sell 1000 shares of AAPL at the current price of $112.  That means my brokerage account is credited with the proceeds of the sale ($112,000), and I now owe my broker 1000 shares of AAPL stock.  If the stock drops to $100 and I ""cover my short"" (buy the shares back to repay the 1000 I borrowed) then I pay $100,000 for them and give them to my broker.  I keep the difference ($12,000) between what I sold them for and what I paid to buy them back, minus any brokerage fees and fees the broker may charge me for short-selling. In conclusion, a margin trade is using someone else's money to make a trade, whether it's to buy more or to sell short.  A short trade is selling shares I don't even own because I think I can make money in the process. I hope this helps."
This situation, wanting desperately to have access to an investment vehicle in a 401K, but it not being available reminds me of two suggestions some make regarding retirement investing: This allows you the maximum flexibility in your retirement investing.  I have never, in almost 30 years of 401K investing, seen a pure cash investment, is was always something that was at its core very short term bonds. The exception is one company that once you had a few thousand in the 401K, you could transfer it to a brokerage account. I have no idea if there was a way to invest in a money market fund via the brokerage, but I guess it was possible. You may have to look and see if the company running the 401K has other investment options that your employer didn't select. Or you will have to see if other 401K custodians have these types of investments. Then push for changes next year. Regarding external IRA/Roth IRA: You can buy a CD with FDIC protection from funds in an IRA/Roth IRA. My credit union with NCUA protection currently has CDs and even bump up CDs, minimum balance is $500, and the periods are from 6 months to 3 years.
I just switched CPA's and I am glad I did. My new CPA has made my life A LOT easier. If you're up for it, I can have my CPA call you. He's from California but works with many businesses in different states.
&gt; Once it is triggered, the system triggers an event to the bank’s alarm system, flags video surveillance of an event, and starts up a device designed to “jam” skimmers by disrupting their reading of card data.  If this works as well as the article claims, why not simply have the magnetic jammers running constantly?
I have more book recco's that would be useful than you could consume in a year. The goal is to find books written by practitioners who actually did what you're after.  My favorites are Made in America by Sam Walton and Pour Your Heart Into It by Howard Schultz.  Happy to recommend more but don't want to dilute these two.
What the fuck are you talking about you stupid uneducated fuckin retard.  If apple buys 10 billion dollars worth of treasuries the government takes 10 billion dollars out of apples bank of america account and deposits it in theirs. What the fuck is so hard to comprehend about that you fuckin moron? They don't 'make' money you fucking retard.
"To the topic, and answering some of the questions below...  People ""drop out"" of the workforce in a number of different ways:  - Ideally, and most constructively, people go back to school. This might be line-cooks or fast-food workers pursuing a culinary or hospitality degree, or liberal-arts majors whose publishing job has evaporated going for a Law or MBA. If you have a desire to go back to school, a job-recession is a good time to do it.   - Often, it is something where one parent in a two-parent household decides to stay home with the kids, when they can no longer earn more than day-care or pre-school costs. If Mom's job prospects are paying $12/hour, minus taxes, and child-care costs $10/hour, it often makes sense for her to stay home, at least until the kids are in public school.   - Sometimes it's just genuine early-retirement. Some real-estate salesman in his 60s who was hoping to earn for a few more years sees the current glut of short-sales and foreclosures, and how hard he's going to have to work for every dollar, and decides he can live with Buick instead of Cadillac in his golden years.   - Some of it is ""semi-forced"" early-retirement, where bagging groceries doesn't pay any better than social security, so an older worker decides to make ends meet.  - The worst and ugliest component, and sadly a common one, is premature/unnecessary disability claims. Down job markets produce a spike in claims of permanent disability. They are not all entirely fraudulent, but inability to work due to vague-ish chronic pain, psychiatric problems, back/neck injuries from fender-benders, slip-and-falls, etc go up in recessions. There is a certain ""watching daytime TV with lots of lawyer commercials"" effect among the unemployed, and one way or another, people are vastly more likely to end up on government or insurance-based long-term disability during a bad economy."
Aah, I understand.   Personally I feel that policy gridlock and bureaucratic vestiges of the 90s at the administrative level of banks is what's encumbering their systems from fully adopting new technologies.   Your job sounds like it could make for a Guy Ritchie movie plot one day :)
"A re-financing, or re-fi, is when a debtor takes out a new loan for the express purpose of paying off an old one. This can be done for several reasons; usually the primary reason is that the terms of the new loan will result in a lower monthly payment. Debt consolidation (taking out one big loan at a relatively low interest rate to pay off the smaller, higher-interest loans that rack up, like credit card debt, medical bills, etc) is a form of refinancing, but you most commonly hear the term when referring to refinancing a home mortgage, as in your example. To answer your questions, most of the money comes from a new bank. That bank understands up front that this is a re-fi and not ""new debt""; the homeowner isn't asking for any additional money, but instead the money they get will pay off outstanding debt. Therefore, the net amount of outstanding debt remains roughly equal. Even then, a re-fi can be difficult for a homeowner to get (at least on terms he'd be willing to take). First off, if the homeowner owes more than the home's worth, a re-fi may not cover the full principal of the existing loan. The bank may reject the homeowner outright as not creditworthy (a new house is a HUGE ding on your credit score, trust me), or the market and the homeowner's credit may prevent the bank offering loan terms that are worth it to the homeowner. The homeowner must often pony up cash up front for the closing costs of this new mortgage, which is money the homeowner hopes to recoup in reduced interest; however, the homeowner may not recover all the closing costs for many years, or ever. To answer the question of why a bank would do this, there are several reasons: The bank offering the re-fi is usually not the bank getting payments for the current mortgage. This new bank wants to take your business away from your current bank, and receive the substantial amount of interest involved over the remaining life of the loan. If you've ever seen a mortgage summary statement, the interest paid over the life of a 30-year loan can easily equal the principal, and often it's more like twice or three times the original amount borrowed. That's attractive to rival banks.  It's in your current bank's best interest to try to keep your business if they know you are shopping for a re-fi, even if that means offering you better terms on your existing loan. Often, the bank is itself ""on the hook"" to its own investors for the money they lent you, and if you pay off early without any penalty, they no longer have your interest payments to cover their own, and they usually can't pay off early (bonds, which are shares of corporate debt, don't really work that way). The better option is to keep those scheduled payments coming to them, even if they lose a little off the top. Often if a homeowner is working with their current bank for a lower payment, no new loan is created, but the terms of the current loan are renegotiated; this is called a ""loan modification"" (especially when the Government is requiring the bank to sit down at the bargaining table), or in some cases a ""streamlining"" (if the bank and borrower are meeting in more amicable circumstances without the Government forcing either one to be there). Historically, the idea of giving a homeowner a break on their contractual obligations would be comical to the bank. In recent times, though, the threat of foreclosure (the bank's primary weapon) doesn't have the same teeth it used to; someone facing 30 years of budget-busting payments, on a house that will never again be worth what he paid for it, would look at foreclosure and even bankruptcy as the better option, as it's theoretically all over and done with in only 7-10 years. With the Government having a vested interest in keeping people in their homes, making whatever payments they can, to keep some measure of confidence in the entire financial system, loan modifications have become much more common, and the banks are usually amicable as they've found very quickly that they're not getting anywhere near the purchase price for these ""toxic assets"". Sometimes, a re-fi actually results in a higher APR, but it's still a better deal for the homeowner because the loan doesn't have other associated costs lumped in, such as mortgage insurance (money the guarantor wants in return for underwriting the loan, which is in turn required by the FDIC to protect the bank in case you default). The homeowner pays less, the bank gets more, everyone's happy (including the guarantor; they don't really want to be underwriting a loan that requires PMI in the first place as it's a significant risk). The U.S. Government is spending a lot of money and putting a lot of pressure on FDIC-insured institutions (including virtually all mortgage lenders) to cut the average Joe a break. Banks get tax breaks when they do loan modifications. The Fed's buying at-risk bond packages backed by distressed mortgages, and where the homeowner hasn't walked away completely they're negotiating mortgage mods directly. All of this can result in the homeowner facing a lienholder that is willing to work with them, if they've held up their end of the contract to date."
"&gt; its a more efficient way to use the whole cow  And if they add more stuff, then you can even use 150% of the cow! Love those unlabeled additives!  P.S. Ever heard of prions? CJD? Mad Cow Disease? ""Using the whole cow"" isn't always a good thing."
"We change it every so often to reduce fraud. This is idiocy. They receive regular payments. They are asking the people who pay them to regularly change where their money is being sent. This increases their exposure to fraud dramatically as each time the account is changed, there is a risk it will be changed to an account they do not control. This is a huge red flag. Confirm that this is authentic and, if so, insist that they sign an agreement accepting all liability for the risks this crazy policy causes, otherwise, you should refuse to go through the effort of confirming new accounts and risking typing or communication errors on a regular basis. This is definitely a ""what were they thinking?!"" kind of thing. If it's not fake entirely. (This answer assumes that you were given a correct explanation, that they change it regularly believing that will reduce fraud.)"
I want to understand the specific mechnisms, the chemicals and processes involved, I want to see peer review. I want more than a vacous, misleading comment that stands on shaky footing.  You don't seem to have a very firm grasp on the subject considering your comment. Do you really think it's a stretch to doubt the safety of spraying comestibles with carcinogens?
In the UK Ticketmaster own a site for fans who bought tickets but can no longer attend a gig to resell tickets.  Sounds fair enough, but thousands of tickets appear on it the day tickets go on sale for a gig at massively marked up prices.  Undercover documentaries have shown these tickets were never available to the general public at face value.  End that practice &amp; I'll be happy. Fees are a minor irritant in comparison
So you understand the system is broken. Why do you think more of the same will fix the problem? The government is corruptable and is widely believed to be corrupted by their allies in corporations that they protect by giving special powers that allow them to avoid responsibility. These powers are not available for the average citizen. But are available to various government organizations and can be bestowed on whim to anyone they deem worthy. How is this an improvement?   What do you in your own words think should be done to fix things? Are you a bot? Can you make words of your own or just links?
"I like these charts but I wish they went back further to show when Obama took office.  If you looked at the progression of these charts from when Obama came into office you would be forced to assume Obama was only just short of the messiah. That was a combination of luck and some decent policies and a *very* helpful Fed.  Trump actually has a somewhat ""steady state"" economy to work with. We've been muddling along in the current economic milieu since about 2012. Where we go from here can, i think, be safely attributed to policies Trump enacts. Obama faced gridlock for so long that nothing got done after Obamacare."
There's an interesting paper, Does Investor Attention Affect Stock Prices? (Sandhya et al), where researchers look at related stock tickers.  When a large cap, better-known stock jumps, smaller firms with similar symbols also rise.   Pretty nuts -- I interviewed the author of the paper [here](http://www.tradestreaming.com/?p=3745). There's also a transcript.
It is a question of how volatile the stock is perceived to be, its beta correlation to the S&P500 or other index. Margin requirements are derived from the Federal Reserve, Self Regulatory Organizations, the exchange itself, the broker you use, and which margining system you are using. So that makes this a loaded question. There are at least three margin systems, before you have your own risk officer in a glass room that doesn't care how leveraged up you get. Brokers primarily don't want to lose money.
I will be very interested in this subject as well in a few years. So far what I found is from an excellent article at the Motley Fool. Basically if you have between $200,000.00 and $1,500,000.00 in assets you should consider long term care insurance around age 55. Less than $200,000.00 and you will most likely qualify for some government hand out.  More than 1,500,000.00 and you can self insure.  Here is the article I found.  Fool article
Please note that if you are self employed, then the profit sharing limit for both the SEP and Solo 401(k) is 20% of compensation, not 25%. There is no need for a SEP-IRA in this case.  In addition to the 401(k) at work, you have a solo-401(k) for your consulting business.  You can contribute $18,000 on the employee side across the two 401(k) plans however you wish.  You can also contribute profit sharing up to 20% of compensation in your solo 401(k) plan.  However, the profit sharing limit aggregates across all plans for your consulting business.  If you max that out in your solo 401(k), then you cannot contribute to the SEP IRA. In other words, the solo 401(k) dominates the SEP IRA in terms of contributions and shares a limit on the profit-sharing contribution.  If you have a solo 401(k), there is never a reason to have a SEP for the same company. Example reference: Can I Contribute to a solo 401(k) and SEP for the same company?
I've done this in AZ. It's important to know which lender is foreclosing, because if it's not the most senior one, then your purchase can later be foreclosed. A foreclosure extinguishes all junior interests, but can itself be extinguished by a more senior interest. I may not have the correct terms here but you get the idea. You should also check to be sure property taxes are current. They are probably being paid by the original lender, but it wouldn't hurt to check. Make sure you understand the requirements for participation in the auction. In my case they required that I bring a $10K cashier's check made out to myself. On winning the auction I endorsed the check over to the auction company and had 24hours to come up with the remaining funds in cash. The property I bought had been previously sold at a Sheriff's sale to satisfy a judgment in favor of the Homeowner's Association for delinquent dues. The HOA bought the property at the auction and received a Sheriff's deed. At this point the original owner's possessory interest in the property was extinguished. Nevertheless, the original mortgage and deed of trust were still in place, being senior to the HOA's interest. About a year later the lender foreclosed on the property and I bought it at auction at the courthouse. This had the effect of extinguishing the HOA's interest, a fact that took some explaining to the water utility to get the account in my name :-)
#####&amp;#009;  ######&amp;#009;  ####&amp;#009;  [**Double Irish Arrangement**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double%20Irish%20Arrangement): [](#sfw)   ---  &gt;The __double Irish arrangement__ is a [tax avoidance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_avoidance) strategy that [multinational corporations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multinational_corporation) use to lower their [corporate tax](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_tax) liability. The strategy uses payments between related entities in a corporate structure to shift income from a higher-tax country to a lower-tax country. It relies on the fact that [Irish tax law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taxation_in_the_Republic_of_Ireland) does not include US [transfer pricing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transfer_pricing) rules.  Specifically, Ireland uses [territorial taxation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Taxation), and hence does not levy taxes on income booked at subsidiaries of Irish companies that are outside of the state. In the late 1980s, [Apple Inc.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticism_of_Apple_Inc.#Tax_practices) was among the pioneers in creating this tax structure.   &gt;  ---  ^Interesting: [^Double ^Irish ^arrangement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_Irish_arrangement) ^| [^Criticism ^of ^Facebook](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticism_of_Facebook) ^| [^Corporation ^tax ^in ^the ^Republic ^of ^Ireland](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporation_tax_in_the_Republic_of_Ireland) ^| [^Abbott ^Laboratories](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abbott_Laboratories) ^| [^Facebook](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facebook)   ^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&amp;message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+cjzsh40) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&amp;message=%2Bdelete+cjzsh40)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
&gt; EDIT: Why are my numbers messed up? They are fine on my screen till I post.   There needs to be a space after 2:      2.When someone thinks they  __^ add a space there  Also, this is a solid post. It's good to know that everyone has these problems.
"&gt; those of us who showed the good judgement  If you call going $80,000 into debt for a ""professional certification"" (4-year degree) that verifies that you've read Kant or Marx from front to back ""good judgement"" then I guess so.  Lost in this whole thing is the fact that our college educated jobless want factory jobs in the first place. These guys are looking for veterains because they have been vetted by the military, they've proven some ability  adhere to a heirarchy/follow orders, and have shown an ability to work in a dangerous environment. If you can do that, I am sure they would love to hire you."
Yes, maybe for themselves, but for you that depends on quite a number of things. But not all advisors are scum, but accept the fact that you are their cash cow and you are there for their takings. Some advisors are true to their professions and advise ethically, trying to get the best for their clients. So search for a good advisor rather than a cheap one. And regarding the mortgage you are talking about, the mortgage provider and the mortgage taker don't deal directly, but use their solicitors. Every party wants the least of legal hassles for their transactions and get the best legal help. The financial advisor maybe both rolled into one or he has legal practitioners in his firm who would do the legal job after he takes care of the financial matters. Seems a cost effective workshop.
I agree with Chad, seek out a personal counselor before making any huge decisions.   I did want to add that if you still want to talk to people about this question try www.stuckinadoorway.org.  There you will get other OCD suffers take on this and all sorts of questions. My only advice directly to your question is to make saving as regular and automated as possible.  Contribute to any work based savings scheme or have a bank make a regular transfer into a savings account.
What is my best bet with the 401K? I know very little about retirement plans and don't plan to ever touch this money until I retire but could this money be of better use somewhere else?  You can roll over a 401k into an IRA. This lets you invest in other funds and stocks that were not available with your 401k plan. Fidelity and Vanguard are 2 huge companies that offer a number of investment opportunities. When I left an employer that had the 401k plan with Fidelity, I was able to rollover the investments and leave them in the existing mutual funds (several of the funds have been closed to new investors for years). Usually, when leaving an employer, I have the funds transferred directly to the place my IRA is at - this avoids tax penalties and potential pitfalls.   The student loans.... pay them off in one shot?  If the interest is higher than you could earn in a savings account, then it is smarter to pay them off at once. My student loans are 1.8%, so I can earn more money in my mutual funds. I'm suspicious and think something hinky is going to happen with the fiscal cliff negotiations, so I'm going to be paying off my student loans in early 2013.  Disclaimer: I have IRA accounts with both Fidelity and Vanguard. My current 401k plan is with Vanguard.
I don't understand why they don't just carry it (on a key chain or something). For example, the thing about car keys is that if someone else gets it, they have full access to your car. That is the downside. But the downside of implantables is lack of privacy when you want it (everyone wants it at some time. Has nothing to do with criminality), the possibility of infection, you still have to have it taken out when you change jobs, and also the possibility of someone else impersonating you. The latter can be done by copying the chip data using a chip reader without your knowledge. Also, since it is embedded, it would be up to you to prove the impersonator wasn't you. If that person committed a crime using your chip data, you would be in big trouble. Also makes stalking you easier. This is a really bad idea.  Edit: typo. Changed wearables to implantables.
It is perfectly legitimate to adjust your 1099-B income by broker's fees.  Publication 17 (p 116) specifically instructs taxpayers to adjust their Schedule D reporting by broker's fees: Form 1099-B transactions.   If you sold property, such as stocks, bonds, or certain commodities, through a broker, you should receive Form 1099-B or substitute statement from the broker. Use the Form 1099-B or the substitute statement to complete Form 8949. If you sold a covered security in 2013, your broker should send you a Form 1099-B (or substitute statement) that shows your basis. This will help you complete Form 8949. Generally, a covered security is a security you acquired after 2010. Report the gross proceeds shown in box 2a of Form 1099-B as the sales price in column (d) of either Part I or Part II of Form 8949, whichever applies. However, if the broker advises you, in box 2a of Form 1099-B, that gross proceeds (sales price) less commissions and option premiums were reported to the IRS, enter that net sales price in column (d) of either Part I or Part II of Form 8949, whichever applies. Include in column (g) any expense of sale, such as broker's fees, commissions, state and local transfer taxes, and option premiums, unless you reported the net sales price in column (d). If you include an expense of sale in column (g), enter “E” in column (f). You can rely on your own records and judgment, if you feel comfortable doing so.  Brokers often make incomplete tax reporting.  This may have been simpler from their perspective if the broker fees were variable, or integrated, or unknown for a number of clients party to a transaction.  If a taxpayer has documentation of the expenses that justify an adjustment, then it's perfectly appropriate to include that in the calculations. It is not necessary to report the discrepancy, and it may increase scrutiny to include a written addendum.  The Schedule D, Form 8949, and Form 1099-B will probably together adequately explain the source of the deduction.
A series of negative experiences across multiple stores and levels of employees/management, ending with getting the BBB involved.  They were still shady/poor even after the BBB case.  (In short, they lost my laptop I'd sent in for repair, didn't tell me and sent me something similar with my data on it, and when I sent it back, they continued not to tell me much of anything.  Lies and rude people all around.)  I refuse to use them even for showrooming, I stay outside when my friends go in.  I couldn't tell you the last time I went in, and it was by force.
You certainly don't write like someone who is well educated. Plus you literally say your feelings are more important than a government statistic which is bonkers.   I'm sorry your state sucks. You should try moving. Almost everywhere else has an abundance of job openings right now.
"I'd interpret it as ""Net Worth"" reached 1M where ""net worth"" = assets - liabilities."
These things will be more fuel efficient, eco friendly than current diesel transportation. Although I feel for the people caught in the transition, like old buggy whip manufacturers, they'll have to adapt. Nothing says that the health of the bottom line of the few must be given favor when weighed against the global benefit.
netflix should quietly open a bunch of small, free vpn providers that aren't visibly attached to them but are marketed as a way to get better netflix streams. they could sell it even harder by having illusory competition between them.  the most effective way to push back isn't to try to beat them in their own territory, it's to make them ineffective in yours.
"The reason to go public is to get money. Not to be snarky, but your question is like asking, ""Why should a company try to sell its products, when if they just piled them up in a warehouse they wouldn't have to worry about shipping and customer complaints and collecting sales tax?"" The answer, of course, is because they want the money. Sure, there are disadvantages to going public, like more regulation, required financial disclosures, and having to answer to stockholders. That's the price you pay for accepting money from people. They're not going to give you money for nothing."
"Definitely. The husband and I were talking about this very recently. Our food budget when we moved in together 4 years ago was about $175 every other week, and that was buying good stuff often - steaks, boneless chicken breasts, non-generic brands, etc. Here we are, four years later, and our food budget is $225. That doesn't buy ""good stuff"" anymore. That buys our meat (just ground beef nowadays) in big packs from Sams so we save a buck a pound, a lot of our dry goods and non-perishables from the discount store (and by that I mean ""salvage"" grocery stores), and our basics which are mostly store brands.  So on average, we are spending $100 a month more on poorer quality groceries than we were 4 years ago."
By law, your wife can get her full Equifax credit report (sans-FICO score) instantly (once every 12 months) via https://www.annualcreditreport.com She can even get her FICO score with a 7-day free trial of Equifax Complete Premier.
At Affordable RV storage customer get more saving then just money. They save time when they use the amenities at the vehicle storage facility. Even when using this boat storage you getting the best rates anywhere. RV parking is easy and user freindly for all customers. This RV storage is far more superior then all other competitors.
"No no no no!!!!  Do not spend 25k on a damn slab of concrete when you don't even own the land! You are not ""truly"" the owner unless you legally own the land. I don't care what country your talking about. If you like I'll come over to your place, mix and pour some concrete on the floor, and you can pay me 5 euro. Deal? Buy the smallest parcel of land you can find. Own the land. Pour some concrete on it and viola!!!"
Sure! Nazis are any one you don't agree with, even Jews (Breitbart) and even Trump who's daughter converted to Judaism, married a Jew and Trump visited Israel and wore a yarmulke and prayed in the wailing wall in Jerusalem.  Sure!  You are an expert in identifying Nazis. Am I a Nazi too?
"Does location of EA or CPA matter?  Not in particular. The FTB has field offices all over the State, so if a meeting needs to be arranged - it will be in the nearest office. When you interview the potential candidates, you can ask them how they would deal the case if there's a need of an in-person visit to the FTB, and if it is even an option you should be worrying about. Likely not, since as you mentioned before you're in a mail audit process. Are there websites that rate EAs or CPAs, for example, on how many audits they have won? Or should I simply rely on yelp.com ratings. There's no ""winning"" in audits. Ideally, given the same data, any EA or CPA would reach the same result in the discussion re audits with the FTB. Obviously, some are more experienced and some are less, and some are specializing on specific types of audits/entities, etc. Yelp is a place to start, but take the reviews there with a grain of salt since most reviewers are probably there to rant. If you see a repetitive pattern in the reviews - take that into consideration. For example, you probably don't want to hire someone who's been repeatedly unresponsive to their clients, not returning calls, not answering questions, being late, etc. Are all EAs and CPAs equal  No. Some are generalists, some specialize in a specific area. Some build practice elusively on representation (IRS or FTB, or both), some provide a wide range of services from bookkeeping to Tax Court representation. I suggest looking for those who prominently advertise themselves as specializing in your area (whatever your type of business is), and representation in front of the FTB. Specialists, especially experienced, cost much more. Keep in mind - you'll be getting what you paid for. Also, when you hire a ""big shot"" EA/CPA - check who's actually going to do the work, and how much oversight the ""big shot"" is going to provide. Anything else that I potentially missed? Any specific questions that I should ask EA or CPA on initial interview? For example, if my EA/CPA could also talk with auditor in case FTB would want to talk directly with taxpayer, if possible? Well, that's the point of representation - to represent. They should be talking to the FTB in your name. You should verify credentials (IRS for EAs, CA CBA for CPAs), make sure their license is current. You can ask them about their continued education and how much of it is dedicated to the CA State law and FTB regulations. Ask them about their experience with similar cases. Overall, a decently qualified tax professional should be able to handle a mail audit without an issue, in-person representation may be harder since it does not only require being competent in the tax law, but also have some people skills."
"Excellent question, though any why question can be challenging to answer because it depends on the financial products in question.  At least, I haven't seen many target date retirement funds that include a high percent of foreign stocks, so below explains the ones I've seen which are primarily US stocks. The United States (before the last twenty years) has been seen as a country of stability.  This is not true anymore, and it's difficult for my generation to understand because we grew up in the U.S.A being challenged (and tend to think that China and India have always been powers), but when we read investors, like Benjamin Graham (who had significant influence with Warren Buffett), we can see this bias - the U.S.A to them is stable, and other countries are ""risky.""  Again, with the national debt and the political game in our current time, it does not feel this way.  But that bias is often reflect in financial instruments. The US Dollar is still the reserve currency, though it's influence is declining and I would expect it to decline.  Contrary to my view (because I could be wrong here) is Mish, who argues that no one wants to have the reserve currency because having a reserve currency brings disadvantages (see here: Bogus Threats to US Reserve Currency Status: No Country Really Wants It!; I present this to show that my view could be wrong). Finally, there tends to be the ""go with what you know.""  Many of these funds are managed by U.S. citizens, so they tend to have a U.S. bias and feel more comfortable investing their money ""at home"" (in fact a famous mutual fund manager, Peter Lynch, had a similar mentality - buy the company behind the stock and what company do we tend to know best?  The ones around us.). One final note, I'm not saying this mentality is correct, just what the attitude is like.  I think you may find that younger mutual fund managers tend to include more foreign stocks, as they've seen that different world."
&gt; 90% CO2 emitted 100 years has already sunk, absorbed by biota and oceans.  I understand your point.  You believe the US is less responsible for temperature increases than the proportion of its total emissions since most of those emissions are no longer in the air.  So, does that mean you also believe China is less responsible for ocean acidification than the proportion of its total emissions since most of those emissions have not been absorbed by the oceans?
This would be 48x wrong, no need to sensationalize it any more than it already has been. Their 10 year estimate of actual solar production (an emerging market) was off by a factor of 4, which is pretty good.
I suggest you begin by double checking what kinds of credit products you have and to which credit bureaus your bank reports. Not all financial institutions report to all bureaus. For example, if your bank only reports your one and only line of credit to Experian, TransUnion still won't have a file on you. Also, some lines of credit such as being an authorized user on a credit card aren't tracked by all of the bureaus. The other thing to consider is the amount of time that your lines of credit have been open. You said it's been less than one year but if it's been less than six months you might try waiting six months to try requesting your reports. If none of the above solves your problem, I would respond to their letter exactly as they instruct you to. Send everything certified with return receipt, and get into the habit of saving all of these records. When you send your reply be sure to include all of the requested information, a brief summary of your issue, and a reference to their previous letter to you. If they don't respond to your letter or they aren't able to help you, try calling the credit bureaus directly to inquire about the problem. Usually the consumer phone lines are automated, so try the corporate or business contacts they list on their website. On a final note, never submit your information on any of the bureaus websites. By doing so you agree to binding arbitration agreements which limit your right to sue. Only communicate with the bureaus by mail or on rare occasions phone.
Networking encompasses many types of devices and there are now better or cheaper competitors to Cisco in each category. Off the top of my head there's Juniper and Huawei for routers and switches, Palo Alto Networks for firewalls, and F5 and Citrix Netscalers for load balancing. Physical gear aside, more and more networking functionality can be handled through software instead of dedicated hardware as well. Companies like Facebook and Google design their own networking equipment and have it contract-built as well.  There's also a war going on between the old guard enterprise tech companies where they're poaching each others territory in search of growth. Cisco makes (good but pricey) blade servers while HP makes networking equipment, etc.  Cisco's far from dead but they're no longer a growth company and need to stay nimble if they want to survive. Fortunately they do seem to understand the current environment and announcements like this should ensure their future.
"I'm sorry if you took what I said to mean ""it was literally abolished arbitrarily because of the prevailing academic thought."" Obviously it was because of the situation but the people in charge of developing the final decisions regarding monetary policy are largely economists and research professionals. They were the ones that decided it no longer made sense to back currency with physical assets"
"My experiences in WNY as a manufacturing engineer getting laid off 3 times due to outsourcing to china and mexico has shown me that there is an issue, that is not addressed by the MF article's bent on spending.   My argument is outsourced jobs, not spending.   I agree with the kodak culture.  Having gone to RIT with alot of Kodakers that lost jobs because of EK's shift to china and I'd say its more than just ignoring digital.  It is the continued investment in china in film processing and ignoring digital.  there is a huge film processing plant in china sitting idle.  Beyond that, Kodak was more than just film.  Medical imagining company and the spun off chemical division they sold are both doing well.  By the time they did digital, it was too late.  Sad thing is I saw kodak employees buying fuji film because the hated the company so much.  I was laid off from Perkin Elmer, now Eaton, building valves for aerospace.  It went to Tijuana.  I was laid off from Getinge USA building sterilizers, it opened a plant in china, I got laid off with others.  Its completion, steris opened a plant in mexico and moved alot of manufacturing there.    getinge used to buy copper and stainless plumbing fittings in the usa, now they are only available from china.    I worked at liberty pumps, they used to get casting for pumps from usa, it all comes from china along w/ several plastic pumps entirely made in china.  http://thedailynewsonline.com/news/article_60eaa658-9226-598b-883f-ae4eadf032c7.html  Xerox has outsourced manufacturing and machining to china; I know the engineers who had to do it.  IT services are going to http://www.nytimes.com/2009/04/06/technology/companies/06xerox.html  search more on xerox and hcl tech.    Engineers I know that work at Delphi developing automated manufacturing cells that are then packed up and moved to Juarez to run parts for auto industry.  http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/10_25/b4183009392434.htm many others are moving there as well.  Southco fasteners does the same a Delphi, except they outsource the manufacturing cell to china and run all production there.  Closing usa plants for opening chinese ones.  http://www.designnews.com/document.asp?doc_id=227116  ""One example of the shifting tide of American fastener production is Southco, which first began manufacturing specialty fastener devices in Essington, PA in 1945. Last year Southco announced plans to close its Brandywine Manufacturing facility in Concordville, PA. Products and technologies are being transferred to Honeoye Falls, NY, Rockledge, FL, Chihuahua, Mexico and Fu Wang and Shanghai, China. Output from Southco’s four Chinese plants rose 40 percent last year. An assembly center is now operating in the Czech Republic.""  http://www.massdevice.com/news/covidien-shutters-upstate-ny-plant ""After a round of layoffs last year and a manufacturing move to China, Covidien closes its Watertown, N.Y., plant, leaving nearly 250 out of work.""  I must say it wasn't a good move for me to get a engineering degree, should have been in something else.  My wife has just stated that I am ""winning friends and influencing people on the the internet now""  /Sarcasm runs deep in this house."
The important thing to realize is, what would you do, if you didn't have the call? If you didn't have call options, but you wanted to have a position in that particular stock, you would have to actually purchase it. But, having purchased the shares, you are at risk to lose up to the entire value of them-- if the company folded or something like that.  A call option reduces the potential loss, since you are at worst only out the cost of the call, and you also lose a little on the upside, since you had to pay for the call, which will certainly have some premium over buying the underlying share directly. Risk can be defined as reducing the variability of outcomes, so since calls/shorts etc. reduce potential losses and also slightly reduce potential gains, they pretty much by definition reduce risk. It's also worth noting, that when you buy a call, the seller could also be seen as hedging the risk of price decreases while also guaranteeing that they have a buyer at a certain price. So, they may be more concerned about having cash flow at the right time, while at the same time reducing the cost of the share losing in value than they are losing the potential upside if you do exercise the option. Shorts work in the same way but opposite direction to calls, and forwards and futures contracts are more about cash flow management: making sure you have the right amount of money in the right currency at the right time regardless of changes in the costs of raw materials or currencies. While either party may lose on the transaction due to price fluctuations, both parties stand to gain by being able to know exactly what they will get, and exactly what they will have to pay for it, so that certainty is worth something, and certainly better for some firms than leaving positions exposed. Of course you can use them for speculative purposes, and a good number of firms/people do but that's not really why they were invented.
In the style of the Bank of England's Inflation Calculator, you can do the calculation like so. The third column is an index made from the inflation figures and the forth column shows the inflation-adjusted values.  Using the index to calculate the difference in costs, for example: The formulas used to produce the table above are shown below.
&gt; According to pretty well accepted corporate finance principles.  What are the names of those principles and where can I read more about them and how they apply to huge tech companies?  I'd like more than your word on something as huge as you are claiming. That all my stocks are holding way too much cash and are run by finance morons.
"For what it's worth, several of the big ones don't charge for reservations (although they may offer a ""pay in advance"" option with a discount). This gives you the benefit of canceling for free, but unfortunately it also gives them the benefit of cancelling for free."
The VP came into the restaurant I work at and I served him and a client. At the end he tipped me $10 on a $30 bill and left his card saying to call him if I'm interested in being his assistant. I don't think I did anything different than I would a normal table, but I guess he was impressed with my work ethic. the idea of working for someone who can appreciate my serving  and see more potential is exactly the kind of person I'd like to work for.
You need to think bigger. It's perfectly possible for a couple people to create a search product that could rival Google/Bing. DuckDuckGo was created by one person, and it's quite good at finding things!   People said the same thing about Paypal. Look how that turned out! Stripe signed a deal with Starbucks to handle their payments. I believe that also started as two people...  Maybe Simple will take on this problem one day... https://www.simple.com/
"Actually, the other answer isn't strictly correct.  It's an estimate, giving a lower bound that gets less accurate as income increases.  Consider: U.S. income tax is based on a progressive tax system where there are income bracket levels with increasing tax rates. Example: Given U.S. 2009 federal tax rates for an individual filing as ""single"": Imagine somebody making $100000.  Assuming no other credits, deductions, or taxes, then income tax based on the above brackets & rates would be calculated as follows: Meaning the average tax rate for the single individual earning $100,000 is 21.72%. However, a pre-tax deduction from that income actually comes off at the top marginal tax rate.  Consider the same calculation but with taxable income reduced to $99,000 instead (i.e. simulating a pre-tax $1000 deduction): That's a difference of $280, which is more than the $217.20 savings that would have been estimated if just using the average tax rate method. Consequently, when trying to determine how much money would be saved by a tax deduction, it makes better sense to estimate using the marginal tax rate, which in this case was 28%.  It gets a little trickier if the deduction crosses a bracket boundary.  (Left as an exercise to the reader :-) Finally, in the case of the deduction being discussed, it also looks like payroll FICA taxes paid by the employee (Social Security's 6.2%, and Medicare's 1.45%) would be avoided as well; so add that to the marginal tax rate savings. The surest way to know how much would be saved, though, would be to do one's income tax return calculation without the deduction, and then with, and compare the numbers.  Tax software can make this very easy to do."
I have a company in China, so I have to regularly come back for work. If the Chinese were to revolt, there would be thousands on the streets causing chaos. That was why instagram was banned, there was a revolt in Hong Kong or shanghai and people used insta to spread the news.
There's this widespread assumption that Apple intends to release a smartwatch yet no clues whatsoever have come out of Apple suggesting that's what Apple's wearable is going to be. Nobody in the tech press is considering that it might not be a watch, and I don't think it will be. I'll bet Apple is tickled to see LG, Samsung, and Motorola all scrambling to get their latest wrist devices to market ahead of Apple's phantom phonewatch.
"I somehow doubt there's any ""cast-iron"" reservation. Like airline carriage contracts, I bet in those multi page, tiny font legalese that actually is the rental car contract that everyone agreed to when they book (but few will read in its entirety I imagine)...there are clauses in there that probably say your reservation is not guaranteed and the rental company reserves the right to cancel cars for any reason.   Obviously if you're one of those frequent rental program person/top tier member you will likely be not nearly as likely to be cancelled on as opposed to some rando guy renting..."
"So it's added somewhere between $2.4-and-$5.2 trillion, according to the article. Also according to the article, Trump got the figure from Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross. He didn't make it up.  [The article with the Wilbur Ross quote](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/19/wilbur-ross-trump-has-driven-the-stock-market-to-4-trillion-in-gains.html) has these stats:  Since the election, the Dow Jones industrial average has surged more than 16 percent, the S&amp;P 500 has gained more than 13 percent, and the Nasdaq composite has risen 18 percent as of Friday's close.  So this is kind of a non-story with a disingenuously hard-hitting title. A beautiful stucco home of an article, if you will.  edit: I know this is an economics forum and I understand we don't want to get political, but let me just say: I am very far left. Extremely, incredibly far left. But I despise so-called ""news"" outlets and ""economics"" rags pushing such blatant bullshit. I feel that this sort of garbage fuels and even somewhat justifies all of the ""fake news"" accusations. These idiot economics bloggers are doing no favor to the left by engaging in anti-scientific demagoguery."
"The value will certainly fluctuate up and down (but on average gain more than a savings account), but so long as you have enough liquid assets for emergencies, then yes, it's a perfectly good alternative to savings accounts. how risky, in general, are Index Income Funds. How are you defining ""risk""? If you mean ""probability that I'll lose it all"" then it's virtually zero.  If you mean ""how much the value can fluctuate"" then it's certainly not risk-free, but it has less volatility that individual stocks.  If you take the S&P 500 as a proxy, you might expect the change in value over any given year to fluctuate between -30% (like 2008) and +40%, with an average change of around 8%. There will be funds that have less volatility, but produce less return, and funds that have more volatility but higher average returns."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://qz.com/1029925/if-youre-renting-a-city-apartment-without-a-car-16-of-your-rent-pays-for-parking-you-dont-need/) reduced by 76%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Since the 1940s, many US cities introduced minimum parking rules: for every new unit of housing, developers must also build a certain number of parking spaces.  &gt; Parking should be thought of as an equity issue, argues researchers Gregory Pierce and C.J. Gabbe in the journal Housing Policy Debate, Why? The average price of building a garage parking space is passed on to people whether they own a car or not, and distort the true demand for urban parking.  &gt; &amp;quot;The lack of rental housing without bundled parking imposes a steep cost on carless renters-commonly the lowest income households-who may be paying for parking that they do not need or want,&amp;quot; write the authors.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6o5ro3/if_youre_renting_a_city_apartment_without_a_car/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~170156 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Parking**^#1 **housing**^#2 **price**^#3 **car**^#4 **new**^#5"
"This is a complicated subject, because professional traders don't rely on brokers for stock quotes.  They have access to market data using Level II terminals, which show them all of the prices (buy and sell) for a given stock.   Every publicly traded stock (at least in the U.S.) relies on firms called ""market makers"".  Market makers are the ones who ultimately actually buy and sell the shares of companies, making their money on the difference between what they bought the stock at and what they can sell it for.  Sometimes those margins can be in hundreds of a cent per share, but if you trade enough shares...well, it adds up. The most widely traded stocks (Apple, Microsoft, BP, etc) may have hundreds of market makers who are willing to handle share trades.  Each market maker sets their own price on what they'll pay (the ""bid"") to buy someone's stock who wants to sell and what they'll sell (the ""ask"") that share for to someone who wants to buy it.   When a market maker wants to be competitive, he may price his bid/ask pretty aggressively, because automated trading systems are designed to seek out the best bid/ask prices for their trade executions.  As such, you might get a huge chunk of market makers in a popular stock to all set their prices almost identically to one another.  Other market makers who aren't as enthusiastic will set less competitive prices, so they don't get much (maybe no) business.  In any case, what you see when you pull up a stock quote is called the ""best bid/ask"" price.  In other words, you're seeing the highest price a market maker will pay to buy that stock, and the lowest price that a market maker will sell that stock.  You may get a best bid from one market maker and a best ask from a different one.  In any case, consumers must be given best bid/ask prices. Market makers actually control the prices of shares.  They can see what's out there in terms of what people want to buy or sell, and they modify their prices accordingly.  If they see a bunch of sell orders coming into the system, they'll start dropping prices, and if people are in a buying mood then they'll raise prices. Market makers can actually ignore requests for trades (whether buy or sell) if they choose to, and sometimes they do, which is why a limit order (a request to buy/sell a stock at a specific price, regardless of its current actual price) that someone places may go unfilled and die at the end of the trading session.  No market maker is willing to fill the order. Nowadays, these systems are largely automated, so they operate according to complex rules defined by their owners.  Very few trades actually involve human intervention, because people can't digest the information at a fast enough pace to keep up with automated platforms. So that's the basics of how share prices work.  I hope this answered your question without being too confusing! Good luck!"
An amortization schedule is often used to produce identical payments for the term (repayment period) of a loan, resulting in the principal being paid off and the debt retired at the end of the loan. This is in contrast to an interest only, or balloon loan. These loans require little or no payment against the balance of the loan, requiring the loan to be paid indefinitely if there is no term, or requiring the loan to be entirely paid off from cash or a new loan at the end of the term. A basic amortization formula can be derived from the compound interest formula:   This formula comes from the Wikipedia article on amortization. The basics of the formula are the periodic payment amount, A (your monthly payment), can be determined by the principal loan, P, the rate, r, and the number of payments, n.  Lenders lend money to make a profit on the interest. They'd like to get back all the money they lent out. Amortization schedules are popular because the fixed low payments make it easier for borrowers to pay the loan off eventually. They also tend to be very profitable for lenders, especially at the start of the term, because they make a lot of profit on interest, just like the start of your mortgage. The principal of a mortgage has more meaning than the principal of a revolving debt credit card. The mortgage principal is fixed at the start, and represents the value of the collateral property that is your home. You could consider the amount of principal paid to be the percentage of your home that you actually own (as part of your net worth calculation).  A credit card has a new balance each month depending on how much you charge and how much you pay off. Principal has less meaning in this case, because there is no collateral to compare against, and the balance will change monthly. In this case, the meaning of the amortization schedule on your credit card is how long it will take you to pay off the balance if you stop charging and pay at the proscribed payment level over the term described. Given the high interest rate on credit cards, you may end up paying twice as much for goods in the long run if you follow your lenders schedule. Amortizing loans are common for consumer loans, unless a borrower is seeking out the lowest possible monthly payment. Lenders recognize that people will eventually die, and want to be paid off before that happens. Balloon and interest only bonds and loans are more commonly issued by businesses and governments who are (hopefully) investing in capital improvements that will pay off in the long run. Thousands of people and businesses have gone bankrupt in this financial crisis because their interest only loans reached term, and no one was willing to lend them money anymore to replace their existing loan.
It's unclear what you're asking. When I originally read your question, it seemed that you had closed out one options position and opened another. When I read your question the second time, it seemed that you were writing a second option while the first was still open. In the second case, you have one covered and one naked position. The covered call will expire worthless, the naked call will expire in the money. How your broker will resolve that is a question best left for them, but my expectation is that they will assign the non-worthless calls. Whereas, if both options expired in the money, you would be assigned and you would have to come up with the additional shares (and again, that depends on how your broker works). In general, for both cases, your net is the premiums you received, plus the difference between strike price and the price that you paid for the stock, minus any cost to close out the position. So whether you make a profit is very much dependent on how much you received for your premiums. Scenario #1: close first call, write second: Scenario #2: write covered + naked, one expires worthless Scenario #3: write covered + naked, both expire in the money Disclaimer: the SEC does not consider me a financial/investment advisor, so this is not financial/investment advice
He passed the aca with only democrat votes. Republicans weren't going to vote for anything no matter what. So why did he make such a centrist plan trying to court republican votes when none of them voted for it anyway.
MoneyChimp is great for this. It only offers full year returns, but it compounds the results correctly, including dividends.  For mid year results, just adjust a bit based on the data you can find from Google or Yahoo to add some return (or loss) for the months.
"When structures recur at different scales, they're called ""fractals"", and there is something called the ""fractal markets hypothesis"" which attempts to analyse stock market movements as fractals and in terms of (related) chaos theory. Whether you can profit from it I have no idea.  If it was easy, everyone would be doing it.  Many of the non-academic pages linked in the search results (previous link) remind me of technical analysis/chartist stuff (which - to me - always seems to be a lot better at explaining things after the event than actually predicting things)."
i dont think hes as invested in the business as he wants to be. i think he wants someone else to help him with the work and overall load. He is also not very organized and i think he needs someone whom he can trust to manage alot of the menial paperwork.
Not sure how Technology Mgmt differs from IS but I would limit your options to be Finance, Accounting, TM/IS.   Technology is only going up and people are always going to have problems with it so no problems. Every larger company has an IT department that handles issues from looking for new technology or an IT Service Desk where you answer calls from someone having an issue with their computer. From what I hear from colleagues is experience is huge here. From an IT perspective I think this major would have the highest probability of landing a job.   Accounting and Finance is different. If you go down one of those paths, to be the most successful you'll have to take supplement courses to get either a CPA or CFA. Also working in the big accounting firms from what I've seen is super stressful based on when their clients close their books each quarter but is very rewarding. To move up in Accounting you'd want to get the CPA. If you don't have it, you'll plateau at some point and won't get any higher without it really.  I chose finance, but did not want to be a financial advisor. I did not like the idea of retaining clients by refers or cold calling. Essentially if you remember the scene on Wolf of Wall Street where Leo gets the little job and makes a huge sale off a cold call, that's what it is like when you first start out. You are pressured to sell insurance and stocks to your friends and family in hope that they refer you to their friends and family...it works for some people and it doesn't for others. Down this path you'd also possibly take the CFA tests and for sure series 6, 66, 7. Currently I'm not doing anything finance related but it is a great background for your personal finances and what not.  I would say you want to choose soon though so you can work on getting internships. Internships are huge as it will be a professional reference and if you do well in the position that company could hire you on once you graduate.  Hope this helped.  TLDR: Get an internship and experience the job.
Sometimes it's not entirely about take-home pay.  A pay raise can affect other things like: These things need to be considered since they also affect quality of life.
Poolbargains.com, online shopping website that offer spa controls, spa and pool products is offering Summer Sale, for only $149 you’ll have a brand new Above Ground Pool Pumps, while In Ground Pool Pumps starts at the lowest price of $299
"One reason is that you can trade in the IRA without incurring incremental taxes along the way.  This may be especially important if you intend to shift your portfolio allocation as you approach retirement.  For instance, gradually selling stocks and buying bonds can incur taxes if you do it in a taxable account (if you do it while you have other income and thus may face capital gains taxes).  Also, if you have mutual funds in a taxable account, they may distribute capital gains to you that you'll owe taxes on, but holding the funds in an IRA will shield you from that. There are also some other side benefits to IRAs because they are considered to ""not count"" for certain purposes when determining what you're worth.  For instance, if you go bankrupt, you could be forced to sell assets in taxable accounts to pay your creditors, whereas IRAs are protected in many cases.  Likewise, if you try to get financial aid to pay for college for your kids, money in an IRA won't be counted among your assets in determining your aid eligibility, potentially giving your kids access to more aid money. Finally, an especially prominent benefit is, paradoxically, the early withdrawal penalty.  For many people, part of the purpose of an IRA is to ""lock away"" their money and prevent themselves from accessing it until retirement.  Early withdrawal penalties provide a concrete consequence that psychologically deters them from raiding their retirement savings willy-nilly."
Especially on the bear side. Who wants to short Amazon or Netflix right now? Sure, they may be overvalued companies with disappointing earnings, propped up by non GAAP metrics like subscriber growth, but they have a cult-like following. And as the saying goes: The market can stay inefficient longer than you can stay solvent.
In general you must charge HST on and after July 1, 2010. However, in the case of delivered sales, you must charge HST if the transfer of goods will happen on or after July 1,2010. Example:  A person comes into my hypothetical store on June 29, 2010 and buys a couch.  They opt to have it delivered by my truck on July 2, 2010.  I should charge HST on this purchase, not GST/PST. References:
Now you can get a variety of musical instrument for sale by reaching out to an experienced music store. Such shops offer everything from guitars to resonators, dulcimers, ukuleles and mandolin for people who are into acoustic music.
"Note that these used to be a single ""common"" share that has ""split"" (actually a ""special dividend"" but effectively a split). If you owned one share of Google before the split, you had one share giving you X worth of equity in the company and 1 vote. After the split you have two shares giving you the same X worth of equity and 1 vote. In other words, zero change. Buy or sell either depending on how much you value the vote and how much you think others will pay (or not) for that vote in the future.  As Google issues new shares, it'll likely issue more of the new non-voting shares meaning dilution of equity but not dilution of voting power. For most of us, our few votes count for nothing so evaluate this as you will.  Google's founders believe they can do a better job running the company long-term when there are fewer pressures from outside holders who may have only short-term interests in mind. If you disagree, or if you are only interested in the short-term, you probably shouldn't be an owner of Google. As always, evaluate the facts for yourself, your situation, and your beliefs."
So long as you don't hate what you are doing, I'd say the price is somewhere in the neighborhood of $100-200 year of income to be worth the bookkeeping. I'd only say more than that if you have a ridiculously complex tax situation, you have an irrational hatred of filling out a few forms once a year, or if you just have such a stupidly large amount of money that even having a few hundred dollars a year to donate to people in desperate need just doesn't mean anything to you. Or if you are under special income limits and just a few dollars of income would put you in a bad situation (like a loss of medical benefits, etc). The reason is actually quite simple: the taxes aren't really that hard or time consuming. I've handled three self-employment businesses in my life, and unless you are trying to itemize every last dollar of business deductions and expenses, or you really want to scrape out every last cent from minor deductions that require considerable extra paperwork, it's a few extra forms on your taxes. Most of the extra taxes are as a percentage, so it reduces the benefits, but really not by much. You don't have to make it extra complicated if the extra complexity doesn't give you a big payoff in benefit. I would suggest you pick the simplest imaginable possible system for accounting for this, so that you might only spend an extra few hours per year on the books and taxes. Don't keep $10 sheet music receipts if you feel it's a burden to try to itemize expenses, etc. Instead, the decision should be if you (or in this case your wife) would enjoy doing it, and bringing in money can just be nice in it's own way. I'd suggest she keep some out for little extra niceties, earmark some for feel-good charitable giving, and then of course sock away the rest. Don't let extra income be an unnecessary burden that prevents you from getting it in the first place.
Great questions -- the fact that you're thinking about it is what's most important. I think a priority should be maximizing any employer match in your 401(k) because it's free money. Second would be paying off high interest debt because it's a big expense. Everything else is a matter of setting good financial habits so I think the order of importance will vary from person to person. (That's why I ordered the priorities the way I did: employer matching is the easiest way to get more income with no additional work, and paying down high-interest debt is the best way to lower your long-term expenses.) After that, continue to maximize your income and savings, and be frugal with your expenses. Avoid debt. Take a vacation once in a while, too!
The absolute best advice I ever received was this:  You will need three categories of savings in your life: 1) Retirement Savings  This is money you put away (in 401-Ks and IRAs) for the time in your life when you can no longer earn enough income to support yourself. You do not borrow against it nor do you withdraw from it in emergencies or to buy a house.  2) Catestrophic savings  This is money you put back in case of serious events. Events like: prolonged job loss, hospitalization, extended illness, loss of home, severe and significant loss of transportation, very large aplliance loss or damage. You do not take trips to the Bahamas or buy diamond rings with this money.  3) Urgent, relatively small,  need savings. This is the savings you can use from time to time. Use it for bills that arise unexpectedly, unforseen shortfalls in your budget, needed repairs such as car repairs and small appliance repairs, surprising fines, fees, and bills.  Put 10% of your income into each category of savings. 10% intro retirement savings, another, separate, 10% intro Catestrophic savings, and yet another 10% intro urgent, small need, savings.  So, as you can see, already 30% of your income is already spoken for. Divide up the remaining 70% intro fixed (I recommend 50% toward fixed expenses) and variable expenses. Fixed includes those things that you pay once every month such as housing, utilities, car payment, debt repayment, etc. Variable includes discretionary things like eating out, gifts, and  splurges.  Most importantly, partner with someone who is your opposite. If you are a saver at heart partner with a spender. If you are a spender partner with a saver.  There are three rules to live by regarding the budget: A) no one spends any money unless it is in the budget B) the budget only includes those things to which both the saver and the spender agree C) the budget can, and will, be modified as the pay period unfolds.  A budget is a plan not a means to beat the other person up. Plans change as new information arises. A budget must be flexible. The urgent use savings will help to make  the budget flexible.  Edit due to comments: @enderland Perhaps you do not have children living with you. I am a saver, my wife is a spender. When it came time to do the budget I would forget things like the birthdays of my children, school fees due next pay period, shopping for Christmas gifts, needed new clothes and shoes for the children, broken small appliances that needed to be fixed or replaced, special (non reoccurring) house maintenence (like steam cleaning the carpet), gifts to relatives and friends, exceptional assistance to relatives, etc.  As my wife was the spender she would remind me of these things. Perhaps  you do not have these events in your life. I am glad to have these events in my life as that means that I have people in my life that I care about.  What good is a fat savings account if I have no loved ones that benefit from it?
Require it to survive?  hat has that got to do with anything?  That is absolutely not the point at all.  It is a bridge to the next job.  People should not have to sell their homes and move on, especially in this environment, simply because they went without a job for several months more than they expected.  If you don't want to collect what is owed to you, then that is fine.  Do not assume that counts for others.  I know people who live in rich households who pay rent and do not eat at the table with others.  They show up in these statistics and could use the help even though it may not seem like it.  That isn't the point.  And it really isn't clear what the point is when the proposal appears to be causing people to mix their lives up in order to save the government a couple of million over the course of a year.  What is disingenuous is to set up an unemployment insurance system and then expect it to be conditional based on all kinds of criteria.  One thing you might not be keeping in mind is that the existing system has a error rate of around 20% varying a bit between states.  That means around 1 in 5 that are owed insurance payments and sign up never get anything, and around 1 in 5 that are owed nothing for whatever reason end up getting full payments anyway.  The more criteria you add to the mechanism the higher that error rate goes.  You are quibbling over details that the existing system lacks the capacity to handle.
There will ever be 21 million bitcoins. 1 whole bitcoin breaks down to 100 million units called satoshis. I highly recommend to look into it. It is not a scam, it is not a ponzi. It is revolutionary and the sooner you realise it, the earlier you will be retiring :D
Without knowing the WSC's objectives, priorities of those objectives and affordability we cannot determine which type of insurance is best. Life insurance for seniors is very expensive if you examine the per unit cost (e.g. cost per $1000 of death benefit). Therefore affordability is a critical deciding factor for WSC.  Let's assume that we know the WSC's affordability and therefore the monthly premium is a fixed determined number, then there is a inverse relationship between the length of coverage and the amount of coverage. We have to achieve a balance between these two factors to best meet the WSC's objective. If the proposed plan is not affordable then the WSC must leave out his/her objectives with lesser priorities out of the total coverage amount.
For implied volatility it is okey to use Black and scholes but what to do with the historical volatility which carry the effect of past prices as a predictor of future prices.And then precisely the conditional historical volatility.i suggest that you must go with the process like, for stock returns  1) first download stock prices into excel sheet 2) take the natural log of (P1/po) 3) calculate average of the sample  4) calculate square of (X-Xbar) 5) take square root of this and you will get the standard deviation of your required data.
"You may think it sucks to have learned a crap ton of category theory, which is seemingly useless outside of academia, but have you considered picking up a ""functional"" programming language, e.g. Haskell?  How about Java or, more recently, Scala? I would bet that you would love Haskell.  And then you can make a fortune working at Jane Street Capital, which uses OCaml, another functional programming language. Time to get your hands dirty with some programming experience.  Minimal social skills required, as you had wished for, plus maximal compensation, plus you get to keep using math that was sort of close to your research area. Good luck."
"And every one of those thousand person companies started with one guy.  And that one guy delegated to hundreds or thousands of other guys and is now sitting on the yacht that his ""cut"" made him.  Do you honestly think that businesses just because thousand person operations over night?  So yeah, that's exactly the point."
Risk.  That's it.  No guarantees on the fund performance, while the mortgage has a guaranteed return of -3%.  I'm doing this very thing.  Money is cheap, I think it's wise to take advantage of it, assuming your exercise proper risk management.
I don't want to deal with Walmart shoppers which is why I pay a premium to buy shit at Wholefoods.  If I have to deal with weird yoga ladies with hairy armpits *and* an entire obese family in scooters, I'm gonna end up going somewhere else.
"First, congratulations on choosing to invest in low cost passively managed plans. If you choose any one of these options and stick with it, you will already be well ahead of most individual investors. Almost all plans will allow you to re-balance between asset classes. With some companies, sales agents will encourage you to sell your overweighted assets and buy underweighted assets as this generates brokerage commissions for them, but when you only need to make minor adjustments, you can simply change the allocation of the new money going into your account until you are back to your target weights. Most plans will let you do this for free, and in general, you will only need to do this every few years at most. I don't see much reason for you to be in the Target funds. The main feature of these plans is that they gradually shift you to a more conservative asset allocation over time, and are designed to prevent people who are close to retirement from being too aggressive and risking a major loss just before retirement. It's very likely that at your age, most plans will have very similar recommendations for your allocation, with equities at 80% or more, and this is unlikely to change for the next few decades. The main benefits of betterment seems to be simplicity and ease of use, but there is one concern I would have for you with betterment. Precisely because it is so easy to tweak your allocation, I'm concerned that you might hurt your long-term results by reacting to short-term market conditions: I know I said I wanted a hands off account, but what if the stock market crashes and I want to allocate more to bonds??? One of the biggest reasons that stock returns are better than bond returns on average is that you are being paid to accept additional risk, and living with significant ups and downs is part of what it means to be in the stock market. If you are tempted to take money out of an asset class when it has been ""losing/feels dangerous"" and put more in when it is ""winning/feels safe"", my concerns is that you will end up buying high and selling low. I'd recommend taking a look at this article on the emotional cycle of investing. My point is simply that it's very likely that if you are moving money in and out of stocks based on volatility, you're much less likely to get the full market return over the long term, and might be better off putting more weight in asset classes with lower volatility. Either way, I'd recommend taking one or more risk tolerance assessments online and making sure you're committed to sticking with a long-term plan that doesn't involve more risk than you can really live with. I tend to lean toward Vanguard Life Strategy simply because Vanguard as a company has been around longer, but betterment does seem very accessible to a new investor. Best of luck with your decision!"
&gt;Africa has great potential, but until it's stable, safe, and not so corrupt no westerners or corporations will risk it.  Shell(oil company) made their billions on dealing with african shitholes. As long as the rewards are great enough westerners will have no problem taking on the risk.
Why don't you just put your down payment on one of your credit cards? (Note: I'm not actually suggesting that you do this. Please read on.) There are a few reasons why you wouldn't (or couldn't) do this: The interest rates on the cards you have is very high.  You don't have enough of a credit limit on any one of your cards for the down payment.  These two reasons highlight the answer to your question.  Credit card companies charge very high interest rates. These high rates allow them to make money even when some of their customers default. They know that not everyone will pay them back, so they make sure to make a hefty profit on those who do.  Secondly, credit card limits are often much lower than the amounts of car and home loans. This limits the risk to the credit card company. Sure, you have $100,000 in total credit limit, but this is split among nine different companies.  When a bank offers a traditional loan for a large sum of money at relatively low interest, they need to be able to limit their risk somehow. They do this by ensuring that their customers actually have the ability to pay them back.
To add to what others have said, INSTALLMENT CREDIT is a stronger factor when building credit. An installment credit is essentially a loan with a fixed repay amount such as a student loan and a car loan. Banks (when it comes to buying your first home) want to see that you are financially able to repay a big debt (car loan). But be careful, if you cannot pay cash, you cannot afford it. My rule of thumb is that when I'm charging something to my CC, I MUST pay it off when it posts to my account. I just became debt free (paid off about 15k in CC and student loan debt in 18 months) and I love it.
"I often say ""don't let the tax tail wag the investing dog."" I need to change that phrase a bit to ""don't let the tax tail wag the mortgage dog."" Getting a tax deduction on a 4% mortgage basically results (assuming you already itemize) in an effective 3% rate mortgage. The best way to avoid tax is save pretax in a 401(k), IRA, or both.  You are 57, and been through a tough time. You're helping your daughter through college, which is an expense, and admirable kindness to her. But all this means you won't start saving $10K/yr until age 59. The last thing I'd do is buy a bigger home and take on a mortgage. Unless you told me the house you want has an in-law apartment that will bring in a high rent, or can be used to rent rooms and be a money maker, I'd not do this.  No matter how small the mortgage, your property tax bill will go up, and there would be a mortgage to pay. Even a tiny mortgage payment, $400, is nearly half that $10K potential annual savings plan.  Your income is now excellent. Can your wife do anything to get hers to a higher level? In your situation, I'd save every cent I can."
A lot of questions, but all it boils down to is: . Banks usually perform T+1 net settlements, also called Global Netting, as opposed to real-time gross settlements.  That means they promise the counterparty the money at some point in the future (within the next few business days, see delivery versus payment) and collect all transactions of that kind. For this example say, they will have a net outflow of 10M USD.  The next day they will purchase 10M USD on the FX market and hand it over to the global netter.  Note that this might be more than one transaction, especially because the sums are usually larger. Another Indian bank might have a 10M USD inflow, they too will use the FX market, selling 10M USD for INR, probably picking a different time to the first bank.  So the rates will most likely differ (apart from the obvious bid/ask difference). The dollar rate they charge you is an average of their rate achieved when buying the USD, plus some commission for their forex brokerage, plus probably some fee for the service (accessing the global netting system isn't free). The fees should be clearly (and separately) stated on your bank statement, and so should be the FX rate. Back to the second example: Obviously since it's a different bank handing over INRs or USDs (or if it was your own bank, they would have internally netted the incoming USDs with the outgoing USDs) the rate will be different, but it's still a once a day transaction.  From the INRs you get they will subtract the average FX achieved rate, the FX commissions and again the service fee for the global netting.  The fees alone mean that the USD/INR sell rate is different from the buy rate.
Yes, http://shares.telegraph.co.uk/stockscreener/ has what you're looking for.
The backlog is more like 650,000. 450,000 was for the first week after the reveal. It's been climbing since.   Source: Musk has disclosed the size of the reservation list and the number of cancellations (over 8,000!) on the record at quarterly earnings conference calls to guide analysts and inform investors. While I did not listen to those calls, I read articles from BGR.com covering those calls and reporting on how they are openly saying they are sold out for 2018 at this point.
You can't know. It's not like every stock has options traded on it, so until you either see the options listed or a company announcement that option will trade on a certain date, there's no way to be sure.
"A dividend is a cash disbursement from the company.  The value of the company goes down the same amount of the dividend, so it is analogous to having money in a savings account and taking a withdrawal every month.  Obviously you are going to have less in the end than if you just kept the money in the account. suppose that I own 10 different stocks, and don't reinvest dividends, but keep them on account, and each month or two, as I add more money to invest, either in one of my existing stocks, or perhaps something new, I add whichever dividend amount is currently available in cash to my new purchase, would this strategy provide the same results? Roughly, yes.  Reinvesting dividends is essentially buying more stock at the lower price, which is a net zero effect in total balance.  So if you invested in the same stocks, yes you'd be in the same place.  If you invested in different stocks, then you would have a performance difference depending on what you invested in. The risk is the temptation to take the cash dividend and not reinvest it, but take it in cash, thereby reducing your earning power. That is, is there some particular reason that the brokers are recommending automatically reinvesting dividends as opposed to reinvesting them manually, perhaps not always in the same item? I'd like to think that they're looking after your best interest (and they might be), but the cynical part of me thinks that they're either trying to keep your business by increasing your returns, or there's some UK regulation I'm not aware of that requires them to disclose the effect of reinvesting dividends.    £100 invested in the UK stock market since 1899 would have grown into just £177 after adjusting for inflation. This figure seems ludicrous to me.  I haven't actually measured what the historical returns on the ""UK market"" are, but that would mean an annualized return (adjusted for inflation) of just 0.5%.  Either UK stocks pay a ridiculous amount of dividends or there's something wrong with the math. EDIT I still have not found a definitive source for the real UK market return, but according to this inflation calculator, £100 in 1899 would equate to almost £12,000 today, for an average inflation rate of 4.14 percent, which would put the CAGR of the UK market at about 4.9%, which seems reasonable.  The CAGR with dividend reinvestment would then be about 9.1%, making dividend reinvestment a no-brainer in the UK market at least."
"It's not a scam. They just want you to be an Amazon customer for many years and you'll be advertising Amazon to anyone who sees your credit card. $50 is known as the cost of ""customer acquisition"" and it is a very good deal for someone who may become a Prime member and spend $1000s a year on Amazon."
Investing in commodities is iffy in the best of times. Potash already has expectations priced in, so I prefer to play CNI, the railroad doing most of the hauling.  Uranium? No. Uranium has been touted for a decade or more without results. Thorium is the preferable future nuclear fuel, and there is lots of it.
There are some high-yield savings accounts out there that might get you close to 1 percent. Shorter term CDs might also serve you well here- rates are above 1 percent, even with 1-2 year terms: http://www.nerdwallet.com/rates/cds/best-cd-rates/
No problem, i am unemployed right now but have been applying to a lot of firms. Im trying to do wholesaling and man o man all people want is experience. i worked at my uncles deli all throughout college to help pay for college and finally my last year i got a job as a teller at a bank. That isn't good enough for people to look at me and i have a lot of good connections.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.france24.com/en/20170603-billions-spent-settlers-israel-captured-west-bank) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Successive Israeli governments have invested billions of dollars over the past 50 years on settlements in the occupied West Bank, making any withdrawal from the Palestinian territory a costly proposition.  &gt; The total surface area of settlements construction in the West Bank has doubled in 18 years, according to the non-governmental organisation.  &gt; Sher, a founder of Blue-White Future which advocates &amp;quot;The Jewish and democratic future of Israel&amp;quot;, was referring to the number of residents of isolated West Bank settlements which are considered the most likely to be evacuated under any two-state peace settlement with the Palestinians.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6f1zbb/the_israeli_government_has_spent_billions_of/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~135654 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **settlement**^#1 **Israel**^#2 **settler**^#3 **billion**^#4 **Palestinian**^#5"
The bank is expected to issue you a check for the balance of your account, make sure your name and address on file is correct as that is who they will make the check to and send it. Have the credit union also contact Chase, or get a statement from the credit union, about their customer. If the check does bounce back to the credit union and the account was under his name, then you will have to deal with the state and his estate and you will have to find a different solution for the bills.
I don't really see it that way. Both kinds of companies are trying to maximize return on investment. Both play a vital role in the economy. And private equity companies like Bain that do a little of both blur the line even further.
As a parent of under 13 year old kids, I think it could possibly be a great idea.  As long as there are appropriate parental controls (the article mentions allowing parents to control who their kids can friend), it could be a great way to introduce kids to online interaction in a slow, safe way.   I think it'd be cool to allow kids to have a limited facebook accounts that lets them exchange messages, pictures, etc. with their grandparent, cousins, etc.
"The trade-off seems to be quite simple: ""How much are you going to get if you sell it"" against ""How much are you going to get if you rent it out"". Several people already hinted that the rental revenue may be optimistic, I don't have anything to add to this, but keep in mind that if someone pays 45k for your apartment, the net gains for you will likely be lower as well. Another consideration would be that the value of your apartment can change, if you expect it to rise steadily you may want to think twice before selling. Now, assuming you have calculated your numbers properly, and a near 0% opportunity cost: 45,000 right now 3,200 per year The given numbers imply a return on investment of 14 years, or 7.1%. Personal conclusion: I would be surprised if you can actually get a 3.2k expected net profit for an apartment that rents out at 6k per year, but if you are confident the reward seems to be quite nice."
Maybe if the employers gave their employees a living wage, health benefits, educational opportunities, retirement opportunities, etc. the employees wouldn't be so jaded about their jobs.  Their attitudes stem in large part from the fact that they make so little money for the work they do that is valuable to the company.
"PMI IS Mortgage insurance. It stands for ""Private Mortgage Insurance"". This guy is just trying to get you to buy it from him instead of whoever you have it with now.  Your lender would always be on the policy since it is an insurance policy they hold (and you pay for) that protects them from you defaulting on the loan. Don't think of it as insurance for you in case you can't pay. If that should happen, your credit would still be trashed, the bank just wouldn't be out the money. You don't really get any benefit at all from it. It is just the way a bank can mitigate the risk of giving out large loans. This is why people are keen to drop it as soon as possible.  The whole thing about keeping the house in your estate after you die makes me think he is trying to sell you a different type of insurance called Mortgage Life Insurance. PMI isn't typically about that type of situation. Your estate will go into probate to work out your debts if you die and my understanding is that PMI doesn't usually pay out in that situation.  If this is what he is selling, buying such a policy would be on top of your PMI insurance payment, not instead of it. Be forewarned, personal finance experts usually consider mortgage life insurance to be a ripoff. If you want to protect against the risk of your heirs losing the house because they can't make the payments, you are better off with Term Life Insurance.  However, don't worry that they will inherit your debt on the house unless they are on the loan. If they don't want the house, they won't be obliged to make payments on it (unless they want to keep it). It won't affect their credit if they just walk away and let the bank have the house after you die unless they are on the note. Here is an article (in two parts) with a pretty good treatment of the issue of choosing your own PMI policy: ""Give Buyers Freedom to Choose Mortgage Insurance"" Part 1 Part 2"
Shifting with all home's luggage/Goods is a very tough work. Its more tough when anybody shifts for long distance, because now a days person have a lot of goods for daily use. We, at Shivam Packers and movers in Rajkot offers best services for our customer. Here we have a well managed team for safe delivery of your goods from one place to another place. They are very expert in packing and moving services.
In spite of purchasing the digital marketing Dubai services, it is wise to opt for the website traffic tips available online at premium website. Unlike other service providers, Seo-daddy is a comprehensive source from where you can get the best and result oriented digital marketing Dubai. Users can explore our wide range of useful yet effective tips on website traffic. These tips will help you to improve the web traffic of your website, effectively. Additionally, these tips are also best for the beginners and advanced users. By using such easy and result oriented tips, one can easily increase website traffic without doing huge investment and be putting immense efforts.
A movie theater is just a money-making popcorn/candy/drinks stand that happens to be right next to a money-neutral room that people watch films in.  A bowling alley isn't much different.  Unless your ideas involve trivia night, karaoke, 80s music night, local brewery tap takeovers, guest chefs, or other things that drive bar/food traffic, it's going to be hard to increase profits enough to turn things around.
"Oh, I understand now -- we're having an absurd, meaningless conversation about an obscure theoretical point.  When you can tell me how you can determine a ""minimum cash"" level from a public company's filings, we can continue the discussion.  Otherwise, make a simplifying assumption and move on.  I misunderstood -- I thought we were actually trying to understand the difference between enterprise value and equity value / understand the implication of an enterprise value multiple."
"I would personally beware of the Motley Fool. Their success is based largely on their original investment strategy book. It had a lot of good advice in it, but it pushed a strategy called ""The Foolish Four"" which was an investing strategy. Since it was based on a buy-and-hold method with 18-month evaluation intervals, it was not a get-rich-quick scheme. However, its methods were validated through data mining and subsequently turned out to be not so good. At least they admit this: http://www.fool.com/ddow/2000/ddow001214.htm"
Supplier of Ramming mass in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-ramming-mass-in-india.php Shri Vinayak Industries-We produce high quality and purest form of Ramming Mass. Acidic Ramming Mass and Silica Mix are the synonyms of Silica Ramming Mass. Our Ramming Mass is a derivative of super snow white silica crystalline quartz having large percentage of Silica and manufactured under strict quality control parameters.
SC TOP DINARIS SRL-D executa servicii de cadastru - intabulare si topografie, la preturi avantajoase, in Bucuresti, Ilfov, Buzau, Dambovita.  A. Cadastru - cadastru si intabulare pentru apartamente si terenuri intravilan si extravilan; parcelari, dezmembrari si/sau lotizari de terenuri intravilane si extravilane; comasari, alipiri de terenuri sau parcele B. Topografie - planuri topografice de situatie (format digital si analogic); ridicari topografice in scopul executarii de proiecte; trasari de constructii, cote si limite de proprietate In sprijinul Dvs. oferim consultanta in ceea ce priveste actele necesare pentru cadastru si intabulare cat si pentru realizarea documentatiei lucrarilor topografice. Experienta si echipamentele topografice moderne si performante va garanteaza calitatea lucrarilor. Lucrarile cadastrale sau de topografie sunt executate conform legislatiei in vigoare si respectand normele emise de Agentia ANCPI.
Qbank is superb for level 1 but for Levels 2 and 3 you really gotta do the hardest ones, aka the item sets.  I would suggest doing 3 full practice exams and recognizing where you need work with 1-2 weeks to spare before exam day
From what I can understand you will be paying money to buy a business with more problems than assets. If it's all about the reviews then register an LLC yourself and do some marketing work, it will cost much less. If this business had clients and constant recurring revenue then that would be a different story.
&gt; Their trading Bitcoins doesn't validate its utility and guarantee its survival  Yeah definitely. Their trading of Bitcoin basically violates the blockchain system which backs and creates their value. The whole purpose was to create a pier-to-pier system which didn't need to involve banks.
Replace your own brake pads Disc brake pads are usually snap-in replacement parts. YouTube has tons of videos showing how to do it. Find one with a car similar to your own. And it cannot be over-emphasized... Keep up on the routine maintenance. You can look up the schedule on your car manufacturer's website.
My bank claims they cannot trace since the money never reached them. Your bank is right. They can't generally trace this. I asked the sender to initiate a trace with Natwest, but no results for 3 days now. Natwest should be able to trace and confirm it. This usually takes anywhere from 7 to 10 days.
As the funds are Gift received from your parents, and your tax residency is US, as per US gift tax, there is no tax due from you for these funds.
am I comparing apples and oranges? Yes - different purposes, different laws, different regulations.  One rationale could be that HSA benefits are immediate while retirement benefits are deferred, so the benefit of employer contributions are not felt until retirement and thus do not need as stringent a limit, but that's a complete guess.
No, in my opinion, a company exists to accomplish the goals of it's owner(s). If the owners want to be willing to give up some of the bottom line to help people in their community then that is fine.  If however the owners are primarily concerned with maximizing profit, then they should do whatever is necessary to maximize profit. In the case of a publicly traded company like Wal-Mart, I would assume that the shareholders are primarily concerned with the company profits and as such, management should take whatever steps necessary to maximize those profits.  Additionally, don't forget that for that American that lost his/her job,  a person from China gained a job. Are Chinese people less important than American people?
"Equity is the term to make things balance. In a simple transaction, you get $100 paid to you. Income goes up by $100 and the asset of whatever bank account or petty cash drawer you put it into also goes up by $100. Equity is unchanged. If for some reason you had to take some income into your books, but no asset increased, no debt decreased, and you had no way to take an offsetting expense into your books, then this would lower your equity. How else to explain having ""earned"" $100 but having nothing to show for it?"
The interest in your account is usually calculated based on the average monthly balance. What the bank will do is try to figure out how much money did you have on average over the month and give you interest on that amount. For example, if you had 10k on deposit and took it out half way through the month, you will still receive interest on about 5k, based on a monthly rate. What I would do is read in detail your agreement with the bank to figure out if your interest is based on an average annual balance and is paid at the end of the year or if it is based on a different measurement. Also, I would be very careful if this is a CD account, since they will have early withdrawal fees. Hope this helps.
Yes, you can be on a different plan from your dependents.   The only real benefit to having everyone on the sale plan is the Family Deductible and Family Out of Pocket Maximum; which are both generally two times the Individual amounts for the same plan.  When you have just two people on the plan, this combination doesn't do anything.  When you have three or more people on the same plan you can realize the benefit of combining everyone under one plan.  Once one person in the family meets their deductible, any combination of the other family members can meet the rest up to the Family deductible; same goes for the out of pocket max.
The S&P 500 is an index, you can't buy shares of an index, but you can find index funds to invest in. Each company in that fund that pays dividends will do so on their own schedule, and the fund you've invested in will either distribute dividends or accumulate them (re-invest), this is pre-defined, not something they'd decide quarter to quarter. If the fund distributes dividends, they will likely combine the dividends they receive and distribute to you quarterly.  The value you've referenced represents the total annual dividend across the index, dividend yield for S&P500 is currently ~1.9%, so if you invested $10,000 a year ago in a fund that matched the S&P 500, you'd have ~$190 in dividend yield.
"If you sold the stock for a profit, you will owe tax on that profit. Whether it is taxed as short-term or long-term capital gains depends on how long you held the stock before selling it. Presumably you're going to invest this money into mutual funds or something of that sort. Those may pay dividends which can be reinvested, and will grow in value (you hope) just as the individual stock shares would (you hope). Assuming the advice you've been given is at all reasonable, there's no need for buyer's remorse here; you're just changing your investing style to a different point on the risk-versus-return curve. (If you have to ask this question, I tend to agree that you should do more homework before playing with shares in individual companieS ... unless you're getting thess shares at employee discount, in which case you should still seriously consider selling them fairly quickly and reinvesting the money in a more structured manner. In a very real sense your job is itself an ""investment"" in your employer; if they ever get into trouble you don't want that to hit both your income and investments.)"
"You keep saying you want to do big things, you want to have an adventure, you want to be the mayor.    I think you are misguided if you think becoming an actuary is even close to the correct path.  I can tell you that this line of work does not itself lead to any of your goals (except making money). Nothing *prevents* an actuary from becoming a mayor, being respected in the community, or being known as ""doing something big"" but the JOB/line of work will not get you there.  All of those goals would have to be accomplished outside of normal work. Also keep in mind the studying and examinations will limit your time outside work to do those things.  Based on the description of what you want in life I think actuary work is about the worst idea unless you want to put off your ""real"" goals until you are in your 40's or 50's.  TL;DR - Actuary work is not ""glorious"" in everyone's eyes.  You will not be as respected (outside of work) as you think. Maybe reconsider."
"You have a good thing going. One of the luxuries of being invested in an index fund for the long term is that you don't have to sweat the inevitable short term dips in the market. Instead, look at the opportunity that presents itself on market dips: now your monthly investment is getting in at a lower price. ""Buy low, sell high."" ""Don't lose money."" These are common mantras for long term investment mentality. 5-8 years is plenty of time -- I'd call it ""medium-term"". As you get closer to your goals (~2-3 years out) you should start slowly moving money out of your index fund and start dollar cost averaging out into cash or short-term bonds (but that's another question). Keep putting money in, wait, and sell high. If it's not high, wait another year or two to buy the house. A lot of people do the opposite for their entire lives: buying high, panic selling on the dips, then buying again when it goes up. That's bad! I recommend a search on ""dollar cost averaging"", which is exactly what you are doing right now with your monthly investments."
If you're looking for some formula, I don't think one exists. People talk about this all the time and give conflicting advice. If there was a proven-accurate formula, they wouldn't be debating it. There are basically 3 reasons to do a home improvement project: (a) Correct a problem so that you prevent on-going damage to your home. For example, have a leaking roof patched or replaced, or exterminate termites. Such a job is worthwhile if the cost of fixing the problem is less than the cost of future damage. In the case of my termite and leaking roof examples, this is almost always worth doing. Lesser maintenance problems might be more debatable. Similarly, some improvements may reduce expenses. Like replacing an old furnace with a newer model may cut your heating bills. Here the question is: how long does it take to repay the investment, compared to other things you might invest your money in. Just to make up numbers: Suppose you find that a new furnace will save you $500 per year. If the new furnace costs $2000, then it will take 4 years to pay for itself. I'd consider that a good investment. If that same $2000 furnace will only cut your heating bills by $100 per year, then it will take 20 years to pay for itself. You'd probably be better off putting the $2000 into the stock market and using the gains to help pay your heating bill. (b) Increase the resale value of your home. If you are paying someone else to do the work, the harsh reality here is: Almost no job will increase the resale value by more than the cost of getting the job done. I've seen many articles over the years citing studies on this. I think most conclude that kitchen remodeling comes closet to paying for itself, and bathrooms come next. New windows are also up there. I don't have studies to prove this, but my guesses would be: Replacing something that is basically nice with a different style will rarely pay for itself. Like, replacing oak cabinets with cherry cabinets. Replacing something that is in terrible shape with something decent is more likely to pay back than replacing something decent with something beautiful. Like if you have an old iron bathtub that's rusting and falling apart, replacing it may pay off. If you have a 5-year-old bathtub that's in good shape but is not premium, top of the line, replacing it with a premium bathtub will probably do very little for resale value. If you can do a lot of the work yourself, the story changes. Many home improvement jobs don't require a lot of materials, but do require a lot of work. If you do the labor, you can often get the job done very cheaply, and it's likely that the increase in resale value will be more than what you spend. For example, most of my house has hardwood floors. Lots of people like pretty hardwood floors. I just restained the floors in two rooms. It cost me, I don't know, maybe $20 or $30 for stain and some brushes. I'm sure if I tried to sell the house tomorrow I'd get my twenty bucks back in higher sale value. Realtors often advise sellers to paint. Again, if you do it yourself, the cost of paint may be a hundred dollars, and it can increase the sale price of the house by thousands. Of course if you do the work yourself, you have to consider the value of your time. (c) To make your home more pleasant to live in. This is totally subjective. You have to make the decision on the same basis that you decide whether anything that is not essential to survival is worth buying. To some people, a bottle of fancy imported wine is worth thousands, even millions, of dollars. Others can't tell the difference between a $10,000 wine and a $15 wine.  The thing to ask yourself is, How important is this home improvement to me, compared to other things I could do with the money? Like, suppose you're considering spending $20,000 remodeling your kitchen. What else could you do with $20,000? You could buy a car, go on an elaborate vacation, eat out several times a week for years, retire a little earlier, etc. No one can tell you how much something is worth to you. Any given home improvement may involve a combination of these factors. Like say you're considering that $20,000 kitchen remodeling. Say you somehow find out that this will increase the resale value by $15,000. If the only reason you were considering it was to increase resale value, then it's not worth it -- you'd lose $5,000. But if you also want the nicer kitchen, then it is fair to say, Okay, it will cost me $20,000, but ultimately I'll get $15,000 of that back. So in the long run it will only cost me $5,000. Is having a nicer kitchen worth $5,000 to me? Note, by the way, that resale value only matters if and when you sell the house. If you expect to stay in this house for 20 years, any improvements done are VERY long-term investments. If you live in it until you die, the resale value may matter to your heirs.
"You're essentially asking the very common ""Do I Need to File a Tax Return?"" question.  It's common enough that the IRS answers it right at the beginning of the Form 1040 Instructions, and it's answered fairly thoroughly here: http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96623,00.html There's about 20 questions in that checklist which are mostly pretty specialized, but assuming you didn't have taxes withheld that you'd like to get back, and didn't have any retirement income/disbursements this year, the only interesting question is this: ""Were you self-employed with earnings of more than $400.00?"" Sounds like your losses outweighed your profits, and assuming you had no other income, I'd say you're fine not filing. Can't really speak to state law since that can vary so much, but your state's laws are likely similar to federal, and you can probably find a very similar answer near the beginning of the instructions of your state's income tax form."
Lets say the hurdle rate for this company is 10% and the current return on assets is 8%. A linear increase in revenue and earnings would actually destroy some value as projects that have a 9% return are accepted even though they destroy value for the shareholder.  hope this helps!
I would have asked for the intended recipient's account number and pursue sending the money there. If it's the same as yours (except for one digit) that would be a good sign. But even here, the crook could send money to dozens of different accounts, all off by one digit, just to make it look authentic. I'm going with scam just to be safe. As for the checksum, it's used on paper checks (next to the last digit) but not necessarily the actual account. Credit card accounts use an algorithm, but online tools create as many legitimate character strings as you want. I used to work at a credit union, and when the time was just right, I opened account number 860000 (actual account number except for the second digit). All their account numbers were sequential, so the oldest account number was 000001. Sadly, many important systems are set up to meet the simple needs of the masses, and are easy to beat if you really want to. Check out If you dare hackers to hack you, they'll hack you good.
"First, there are MLM businesses that are legitimate and are not Ponzi schemes; I actually work with one (I will not name it lest I give the impression of trying to sell here). One thing I learned was how to respond when a prospect raises objections related to the actual scams, which are abundant; the answer being to point out, and you mentioned this yourself, that in an illegitimate scheme, there is no actual product being offered - the only thing money is ever spent on is the expectation of a future profit. Ask your friend, ""Would you buy the product this company sells, at the price they ask, if there were not a financial opportunity attached to it?"" If not, ""How can you expect anyone else to buy it from you?"" There are only 3 ways he can respond to this question: he can realize that you're right and get out now; he can change the subject to the concept of making money by climbing the ranks and earning off of a salesforce, in which case it's time to educate him on Ponzi; or he can claim to be able to sell something he doesn't believe in, in which case you should run fat, far away. If he does indicate that he would be a customer even without the chance to sell the product, then offer him the chance to prove it, by giving you one sales pitch on the condition that he is not allowed to breathe a word about joining the business. Do him the courtesy of listening with an open mind, and decide for yourself whether you could ever be a customer. If the possibility exists, even if not today, he has found one of the few legitimate MLM companies, and you should not try to stop him. If not, you'll have to determine whether it's because the product just isn't for you, or because it's inherently worthless, and whether you should encourage or discourage your friend going forward."
You did not get it!  You can buy anything on Amazon, but how many people will buy bicycles, electric riding cars or sand for a sand box on-line?   Most would prefer to go to the toy store so their children can try the bicycle or riding car and choose the one they like.
"I agree with you most of what you're saying, but there is still the fundamental conflict at the bottom of all of this.  You are saying that the public accounting firms *should* do these things, when they are in fact just businesses, which are by definition amoral.  The ""public"" in ""public accounting"" is misleading here, for the firms are privately held owned organizations.  Of course there are going to be reputational benefits for acting in accordance to these standards, but if they can reasonably get away with it then why wouldn't they?  Edit:  Your comment in regards to the inefficiency of government audits is an excellent point, though."
For anyone in engineering, let this be a lesson. If your boss wants you to do something shady, refuse and if they persist quit. You go to jail while they claim they didn't know anything about it and their lawyers get them off.
"I don't live in Pennsylvania and I don't know anything about this particular tax, but just the name says that it is a ""local"" tax. TurboTax covers federal and state taxes, not local taxes. Many places have city, township, and/or county taxes that you are required to pay in addition to state and federal taxes."
"They are right to ask for the money back because you were not entitled to that money. However, you may have a defense called ""laches"". Basically, you can try to show that because of the government's unreasonable delay in asking for the money back, in the meantime you relied on the assumption that it was your money in good faith, and spent it, and now to have to come up with the money that you assumed you wouldn't need would cause great harm to you."
See my recent answer to a similar question on prepaying a mortgage versus investing in IRA. The issue here is similar: you want to compare the relative rates of funding your retirement account versus paying down your debt. If you can invest at a better rate than you are paying on your debt, with similar risk, then you should invest. Otherwise, pay down your debt. The big difference with your situation is that you have a variable rate loan, so there's a significant risk that the rate on it will go up. If I was in your shoes, I would do the following: But that's me. If you're more debt-averse, you may decide to prepay that fixed rate loan too.
I don't think they were planning to fire everyone and hire chinese engineers, it's a profitable business so the chinese wanted it.   It sucks for the guy who built the company from the ground up (and all the employees who worked for equity), they aren't going to be able to cash out like they had planned.
"&gt; Forecasting prices to the level of accuracy they purport is a fool's errand. Sell side analysts are there to get you to buy something, not to make you money. &gt; If they truly believed their analysis was significantly better than anyone else's in the market, they would trade on their own analysis. &gt; No one ever got rich by following analyst recommendations. &gt; Don't believe me? Track the buy/sell recommendations in a spreadsheet for 50+ stocks. I would be shocked if you significantly outperformed the market.  Only partly right.  Sell side price targets are bullshit.  Literally everyone knows this.  The reason there is value isn't because of their predictions but because of everything else.  [Here's another professional's opinion as well:](http://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/27dokr/aapl_proves_wall_street_is_nuts/chzy78s?context=3)  &gt; If we're talking about sell-side institutional analysts, then this is not necessarily correct. It's just that the retail sector seems to only give a shit about the forecasts/conclusions (""ohhh DB says buy xyz with target of xx.xx!""). This goes to show how ignorant retail is when it comes to what the actual value of sell-side research reports are.  &gt; Sell-side research isn't valuable for buy-side because of the recommendations.. those are in fact the most ignored aspect of published research. It's valuable for buy-side because of the content. Sell-side analysts do the bullshit grind in investigating underlying information (such as visits to operational endeavors and clawing together bulk data). Buy side uses this underlying accrued data to formulate their own conclusions."
What intrinsic value does the hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP) have? The coins may not have intrinsic value, except that they are kept scarce, but I believe the technologie does. The list of things you can do with a blockchain is endless. In theory applications could be build on top of Bitcoin, though that hasn't happened yet, at least not in a major way. I am personally not invested in Bitcoin anymore, because there are other coins now that have more potential for value, to put it that way, but I think the people who argue Bitcoin has no value whatsoever, or that it's a Ponzi scheme, are usually the ones who don't have any understanding of how it works.
The problem is that some of us want to design an engine that is fair and stable. Others just want to win. Once some people know who has a chance of winning, they no longer see it as a space in which they are wanting to design something fair, they are seeing the design problem as part of the competition space.  It's really important to teach people from a young age that the rule space itself is a sacred trust and that one must design a system so that they would be happy being any of the players in the system, not just the player they know themselves to be.
For one, the startup doesn't exist yet, so until March I will get nothing on hand, though I have enough reserves to bridge that time. I would not take this deal unless the start-up exists in some form.  If it's just not yet profitable, then there's a risk/reward to consider.  If it doesn't exist at all, then it cannot make a legal obligation to you and it's not worth taking the deal yet.  If everything else is an acceptable risk to you, then you should be asking the other party to create the company and formalize the agreement with you. As regards reserves, if you're really getting paid in shares instead of cash, then you may need them later.  Shares in a start-up likely are not easy to sell (if you're allowed to sell them at all), so it may be a while before a paycheck given what you've described. For a second, who pays the tax? This is my first non-university job so I don't exactly know, but usually the employer has to/does pay my taxes and some other stuff from my brutto-income (that's what I understood). If brutto=netto, where is the tax? This I cannot answer for Germany.  In the U.S. it would depend in part on how the company is organized.  It's likely that some or all of the tax will be deferred until you monetize your shares, but you should get some professional advice on that before you move forward.  As an example, it's likely that you'd get taxed (in part or in whole) on what we'd call capital gains (maybe Abgeltungsteuer in German?) that would only be assessed when you sell the shares. For third, shares are a risk. If I or any other in the startup screw really, my pay might be a lot less than expected. Of course, if it works out I'm rich(er). This is the inherent risk of a start-up, so there's no getting around the fact that there's a chance that the business may fail and your shares become worthless.  Up to you if you think the risk is acceptable.  Where you can mitigate risk is in ensuring that there's a well-written and enforceable set of documents that define what rights go with the shares, who controls the company, how profits will be distributed, etc.  Don't do this by spoken agreement only.  Get it all written down, and then get it checked by a lawyer representing your interests.
Being a professional auditor and accountant, deduction against expenses are claimed in the year in which expenses has been incurred. It has no relationship with when it is paid. For example, we may buy on credit does not mean that they will be allowed in the period in which it is paid. This is against the fundamental accounting principles.
most of the internships are what you make of them. on your downtime try meet with as many people as you can. you have access to internal networks, email people in departments you want to get into and ask for informational interviews. this is extremely important because they will give the recommendations come time for fulltime employment
"&gt;*”China will extend a warm welcome to Trump during his state visit early next month. Beijing will also hold firmly to its refrain of ""win-win cooperation"" to (in a theatrical sense) save the appearances.""*  So let me get this straight. They’re planning on a reasonable and no-drama encounter with the fucking moron????? This can only go spectacularly wrong."
I know that the Port Authority employees don't work for the city, so that's a straw man. The reason you've been disingenuous is because you implied that the fact that New York City is overwhelmingly Democratic has any bearing over the control of the New York State Legislature, or the Governorship, when this is clearly not the case. The fact that the current executive director was appointed by Paterson is the first relevant argument you've made. Even so, the current state of the Port Authority  was shaped by more than the past 5 years, and to imply otherwise is also disingenuous.
If you love to play football. You will find the Best Soccer Balls on our website. There are many soccer balls available to purchase which are all genuine and sold by authorized seller. Such a premium quality we have of balls of top brands like adidas, wilson, puma, nike Best soccer balls for 2017and others.
A lease payment is composed of an interest portion (borrowed money) and depreciation amount (purchase - residual). The Monthly payment is then Monthly Interest Cost + Monthly Depreciation Cost The Money Factor is used to estimate the amount of interest due in a single month of a lease so you can figure out the monthly payment. If you are borrowing $100,000 then over the entire loan of repayment from a balance of $100,000 to a balance of $0, the average amount you owed was $50,000 (1/2 of principal).   You are repaying this loan monthly (1/12 of a year) and percents are expressed as decimals (1/100). 6 * 1/2 (for principal) * 1/12 (for monthly) * 1/100 (to convert percentage from 6% to .06)  = 6 * 1/2400. 2400 is the product of 3 consecutive conversion (1/2 * 1/12 * 1/100) to convert from an interest rate to a money factor. 6/2400 = Money factor of 0.0025 which can be multiplied against the total amount being borrowed to know what the monthly interest would roughly equal. Some Money Factor info: https://www.alphaleasing.com/resources/articles/MoneyFactor.asp
"The gap up/down and rapid movement immediately following market open is due to overnight futures activity. In your example, SP500 on June 20, 2016 saw a 20-point gap up at market open. This was because the SP500 futures were trading 20 points higher at 9:30 AM than at its close on Friday. The index will always ""catch up"" with futures at market open. You can see that below. The top chart is the E-mini SP500 futures from Sunday night to Monday. Beneath it is the SP500 index."
"If I understand you correctly, no you shouldn't be charged interest. Lets say you have a billing cycle of monthly (which usually isn't true). You charge $XX per day, ending up at $1000 at the end of January. So February 1st, your bill for your January billing cycle is $1000, due by Feb 15th (lets say). On February 1st, you continue to charge $XX per day. You go to pay your bill online on Feb 14th (to be safe), and you'll usually see on your credit card website something like: You'd hit ""Pay my bill"", and you'd usually see these options: At the date your cycle was due (Feb 15th), if you haven't paid your full latest statement (lets say you paid $500), they will charge you interest on the entire balance for the period (so interest on $1000, or lets say $50). The other $500 will roll over to the next month, so your next month you'd be somewhere near a $1550 bill."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2017-09-12/why-american-workers-pay-twice-as-much-in-taxes-as-wealthy-investors) reduced by 96%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The U.S. has a progressive tax system in the sense that well-paid workers sacrifice much more than poor workers on their &amp;quot;Ordinary income.&amp;quot; But Americans with so-called unearned income-qualified dividends and long-term capital gains-get a break.  &gt; By lowering taxes on investors, you shift more of the tax burden to well-paid workers.  &gt; Taxing workers more than investors is fair, conservatives also argue, because investors and workers are really the same people at different stages of their lives.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/70kd8a/why_american_workers_pay_twice_as_much_in_taxes/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~211279 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **tax**^#1 **more**^#2 **work**^#3 **rate**^#4 **investor**^#5"
I don't know why stocks in some industries tend to have lower prices per share than others. It doesn't really matter much. Whether a company has 1,000,0000 shares selling for $100 each, or 10,000,000 shares selling for $10 each, either way the total value is the same. Companies generally like to keep the share price relatively low so that if someone wants to buy a small amount, they can. Like if the price was $10,000 per share, than an investor with less than $10,000 to put in that one stock would be priced out of the market. If it's $10, then if someone wants $10 they can buy one share, and if someone wants $10,000 they can buy 1000 shares. As to why energy stocks are volatile, I can think of several reasons. One, in our current world, energy is highly susceptible to politics. A lot of the world's energy comes from the Middle East, which is a notoriously unstable region. Any time there's conflict there, energy supplies from the region become uncertain. Oil-producing countries may embargo countries that they don't like. A war will, at the very least, interfere with transportation and shipping, and may result in oil wells being destroyed. Etc. Two, energy is consumed when you use it, and most consumers have very limited ability to stockpile. So you're constantly buying the energy you need as you need it. So if demand goes down, it is reflected immediately. Compare this to, say, clothing. Most people expect to keep the same clothes for years, wearing them repeatedly. (Hopefully washing them now and then!) So if for some reason you decided today that you only need three red shirts instead of four, this might not have any immediate impact on your buying. It could be months before you would have bought a new red shirt anyway. There is a tendency for the market to react rather slowly to changes in demand for shirts. But with energy, if you decide you only need to burn 3 gallons of gas per week instead of 4, your consumption goes down immediately, within days. Three, really adding to number two, energy is highly perishable, especially some forms of energy. If a solar power station is capable of producing 10 megawatts but today there is only demand for 9 megawatts, you can't save the unused megawatt for some future time when demand is higher. It's gone. (You can charge a battery with it, but that's pretty limited.) You can pile up coal or store natural gas in a tank until you need it, but you can't save the output of a power plant. Note numbers two and three also apply to food, which is why food production is also very volatile.
"That wasn't an ""inheritance"" that arrived out of the blue and the ""bank"" contacted your girlfriend by email, was it? A UK tax code is basically an assessment of how much money you can earn in the UK before you have to pay tax on it - basically it's a coding for a tax allowance and as a UK tax payer HMRC (the UK version of the IRS) gives you one for free. If your girlfriend is not a UK tax payer she should get the necessary paperwork to show that she isn't, although I'm not sure if that's got any bearing on inheritance tax. There are no lawyers involved in that process normally, any appropriately accredited accountant can do that for you in the UK if you're not in the UK. When I had to apply for a change of tax status in the UK it certainly didn't cost me $9.6k to do so via my accountant there. In fact the whole thing cost a few pounds to pay for my accountant's time and that was it. In fact, that whole thing smells fishy to me as someone who used to live in the UK. Care to divulge the name and possibly address of the bank? Here's inheritance tax information straight from the horse's mouth. That should clear up any questions if your girlfriend is even liable for any inheritance tax in the UK in the first place. And then, given the sums involved, get the recommendation for a good lawyer and a good accountant in the UK (or an accountant who can recommend a lawyer) to make sure that that end of the transfer goes smoothly."
Welcome to World Recovery Centers. This is the best addiction recovery center, which is located in  Boynton Beach, FL. This center run by Dr. Alan Meyers, He provides his service over 30 years. Our treatment center has experienced doctor and well staff, which specializes in addiction treatment, addiction recovery program, drug and alcohol addiction treatment and much more. If you want to drug and alcohol addiction treatment, then you can visit our clinic.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/metacanada] [Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Invests US$400 Million in WME│IMG](https://np.reddit.com/r/metacanada/comments/6sdk52/canada_pension_plan_investment_board_invests/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
"I think the key to this question is to think about how people tick. The underlying assumption in any decision that measures monetary value or other economic principles is that we're rational actors in a global marketplace.  Life isn't a ledger or a taxi on a meter. If you have time on your hands or enjoy the act of driving when you run your errands, that diversion to save a dime on gas isn't a net loss, it just is. That may be a different story if you need to get your rental car returned so that you can fly home -- in that case, you're ok with getting hosed by the gas station strategically located between hotels and the airport. Our motivations are deeper than that. Some people get a feeling of satisfaction or security from always getting the ""best deal"". Some folks visit a particular gas station because the clerks are friendly or the coffee is good. Others want to pay more -- they buy ""premium"" gas from Exxon/Mobil because they are premium people who ""buy the best""."
"I agree, this is an great discussion.  I think I understand your position now - Black-Scholes is an equilibrium model because its a model that in effect says, ""here's the price of an option if the underlying follows this stochastic process"". I guess my question is then - what would a strictly ""no arbitrage"" equity option model look like then (e.g. one analogous to Hull-White)? Does such a concept even make sense?"
My gf and I are considering a weekend trip here later in the year. If we go I'll be sure to look you up.   Also there is some great branding advice above from others. Best of luck.
Further evidence that the love of money is the root of all evil. Money is useless if not transformed into something material.  Apparently Americans are duped by the wealth effect.  If their portfolio has high numbers they feel rich and impoverish themselves by spending more of their income even though it is just ink and paper unless transformed into something tangible.  Fools.  The hoarders of money must be afraid they would run out, expose they have no usefull skills and have to do actual work for a living.
Most 0% interest loans have quite high interest rates that are deferred. If you are late on a payment you are hit with all the deferred interest. They're banking on a percentage of customers missing a payment.  Also, this is popular in furniture/car sales because it's a way to get people to buy who otherwise wouldn't, they made money on the item sale, so the loan doesn't have to earn them money (even though some will). Traditional banks/lenders do make money from interest and rely on that, they would have to rely on fees if interest were not permitted.
Yeah because under those conditions, its usually a 50-50 joint venture with a Chinese company/local government - meaning its in the contract they show the partner how they do things and how their technology works they also lose control on who they bring in.  At least with a wholly own factory, they can control who they hire and have heavy restrictions on who they show their technology...    Before you go on and say China will infiltrate with spies and steal their technology...When it comes to corporate espionage - what would be stopping Tesla (or any multinational company) from hiring a spy in their current facilities in the US (or anywhere else)?
"Seriously. I've been in nonprofit for 8 years. I just reentered the market after two years of grad school and was shocked. Full time 40 hours a week program managers listed under ""Americore programs"" offering $1,000 a month as a stipend, with Masters degree to qualify. Those jobs were $30 -$50,000+ five years ago and that was on the low end. The level of job rebranding in this market is unbelievable. Employers should be ashamed.  The same with ""internships"". I really believe labor laws need to start regulating this practice."
"I feel like the idea ""vote with your dollars"" has been around for a long time now but very few people have enacted it seriously.  Just think how much shit businesses get away with because they have little to no actual worry of anybody taking their business elsewhere.  A serious large amount of people would have to actually do so to make an impact, but they don't.  Meanwhile we know what happens when people actually do stop buying from businesses, e.g the disappearance of brick and mortar music stores since the advent of digital.  So what's the difference?  Obviously it is convenience.  When it was convenient for people to get their music digitally they stopped buying cds.  But it is apparently too inconvenient to adjust you buying for political reasons.  Which is of course shortsighted when you take the long term consequences into account as inconveniences (and in many cases these consequences are far worse than a mere inconvenience)"
If it's feasible, try to get one card down to zero balance, and preferably one of your cash-back cards.  Then keep that at zero every month (pay it off in full), and use it for your purchases as you describe above. The idea would be to get it so that you are not paying interest on your month to month purchases.  This not only reduces the 20% or whatever that you're paying on that balance, but also the 20% or whatever you're paying on those purchases - remember, a card you carry a balance on charges you interest on those purchases from the current month. If this isn't feasible (if these are all very high balance cards), then I suppose the way you're currently doing it would be okay, though I think you're overthinking things to some extent - but with 80% interest, if that's a significant pile of money, you may need to as clearly that needs to be tackled first.  I think it's mostly better for you to pay your day to day stuff out of pocket and not use your cards the way you are suggesting, but with the 80% loan(s) you may need to. The reason I say it's better not to use your card the way you suggest is that it is difficult to do properly and never get it wrong (i.e., never go over a balance), and it's also leaving you in the habit of using credit.  It doesn't help you budget necessarily, either.  Instead, set up a fully developed budget that includes all of those minimum payments and pay them.  Certainly once you have the > 50% debt handled, I would switch to this method (not using credit cards at all).
"There are two solutions. One is financially better, the other is psychologically better.  Financially better: You should pay off loans in the order of interest rate, so the 9% first, then the six percent, then the 3-4%. If you pay back $1000, the first one saves you $90 a year in interest, the second saves you $60, the third $30-$40 a year. Every year until everything is paid back.  Psychologically better: Some people have psychological problems paying back debt, and it is better for them to pay back small loans first. If you feel better having two loans instead of three, and feeling better makes you able to save money and pay back the other loans, while having three loans would make you depressed and unable to make savings - pay back the smaller loan.  If you don't have that kind of problem, use the ""financially better"" method."
Isn't this because of chronic oversupply of business studies graduates? Nobody seems to want them much when it comes to actual hiring. Yet colleges keep churning them out because they're profitable and there's seemingly an infinite supply of fresh BS rubes to earn money from.
The $50k is subject to the appropriate income taxes, which may include FICA taxes including the employer share if you are self employed. The after tax money can then be invested with the amount invested being the cost basis (I.e., if you invest $40k you will have a cost basis of $40k).  In future years you will have taxes due if any of those investments pay dividends (or capital gain distributions). Once you sell you will have a capital gain or loss that you will pay taxes on (or take a deduction if a loss). Now you can improve this picture if you are able to put some of your money into a retirement account (either a tax deductible or a ROTH). With retirement accounts you do not pay tax on the capital gains or dividends. If you use a tax deferred account your tax is higher but that is because you were also investing Uncle Sam's portion of your pay check.
There is an alternative if something (i.e., chicken) is 100% chicken.  If it's anything other than straight chicken, it obviously isn't 100% chicken. It's only deceptive if you literally don't think about it at all. Obviously a chicken meatball isn't 100% chicken. Then it would just be ground chicken.  Do you have any evidence whatsoever of the intent behind the law, or does it just feel that way to you?
"It may seem like you cannot live without this trip, but borrowing money is a bad habit to get into.  Especially for things like vacations.  Your best bet is to save up money and only ever pay cash for things that will decrease in value.  Please note that while it is a bad idea to borrow money for things that decrease in value, the ""opposite"" is not necessarily true.  That is, it is not necessarily a good idea to borrow money for things that will increase in value; or, will earn you income. False assumptions can cloud our judgement.  The housing bubble and the stock market crash of 1929 are two examples, but there are many others."
Too much fiddling with your portfolio if the difference is 3-4% or less (as it's become in recent months).  Hands off is the better advice.  As for buying shares, go for whichever is the cheapest (i.e. Goog rather than Googl) because the voting right with the latter is merely symbolic.  And who attends shareholders' meetings, for Pete's sake? On the other hand, if your holdings in the company are way up in the triple (maybe even quadruple) figures, then it might make sense to do the math and take the time to squeeze an extra percentage point or two out of your Googl purchases.  The idle rich occupying the exclusive club that includes only the top 1% of the population needs to have somethinng to do with its time.  Meanwhile, the rest of us are scrambling to make a living--leaving only enough time to visit our portfolios as often as Buffett advises (about twice a year).
It really centers on the probability of your position falling to $0 and your level of comfort if that were to happen.  There are a plethora of situations that could cause an option contract to become worthless.  The application of leverage to a position also increases the risk. Zero risk would be an FDIC insured savings account, high risk would be buying options on margin, and there's a very wide grey area in between.  I agree that the whole process of assigning a risk level is dubious at best.  As you say, it seems using past data could help assign a risk level, look to beta values if you believe in that.  The problem here is the main disclaimer in use is that past performance cannot be relied upon for future gains. As an aside, if the US government files bankruptcy you'll have a whole host of more immediate problems than the value of your t-bills.  At that point dollars would have been a risky investment.
I don't know what you mean by 'major'. Do you mean the fund company is a Fidelity or Vanguard, or that the fund is broad, as in an s&P fund?  The problem starts with a question of what your goals are. If you already know the recommended mix for your age/risk, as you stated, you should consider minimizing the expenses, and staying DIY. I am further along, and with 12 year's income saved, a 1% hit would be 12% of a year's pay, I'd be working 1-1/2 months to pay the planner?  In effect, you are betting that a planner will beat whatever metric you consider valid by at least that 1% fee, else you can just do it yourself and be that far ahead of the game.  I've accepted the fact that I won't beat the average (as measured by the S&P) over time, but I'll beat the average investor. By staying in low cost funds (my 401(k) S&P fund charges .05% annual expense) I'll be ahead of the investors paying planner fees, and mutual fund fees on top of that. You don't need to be a CFP to manage your money, but it would help you understand the absurdity of the system.
Because BB is really a decentralized marketing company that supports individual retail stores.   It would be continuing to use typewriters instead of email; while still employing typists.  Xerox had the same problem: they were a copy machine company and the sales workers got paid by each paper copy was made.  They R&amp;D the paperless office PARC (mouse, GUI, laser printer, etc...)  and can't make it work because it conflicts with their core business.   BB would have had to buy back all the franchises. The ONLY thing BB could do was to go out of business.
Eh, it's not an excuse. While economic reasons are major ones, saying that people don't manipulate and exploit others for non-economic reasons is a little too rosy. Some people are inherently evil and will step on and over others for personal gains beyond solely monetary.   It sounds like you're trying to say capitalism is the evil here, but I don't think you're going to be able to provide one that isn't similar. Communism, tribal, socialism, fascism, whatever are all twisted and perverted by many involved in them for personal gain.   The one constant in any system is humans and their nature, so I have to disagree that it's solely the economic system that we live under because there just isn't another one that has proven to operate differently in actual execution.
"Retirement accounts often can be invested with pretax money, with the exception of Roth accounts that use post-tax and have tax-free growth if you follow the rules, rather than after tax money as well as provide a shelter so that you aren't having to pay annual taxes on dividends and other possible distributions. Another point would be to consider how much money you'd be investing as some funds may have institutional versions that can be much cheaper than others, e.g. compare Vanguard's index funds that the 500 Index in Investor shares, Admiral shares and institutional forms where the tickers would be VFINX, VFIAX, VINIX, VIIIX to consider. Some companies may have access to the institutional funds that aren't what you'd have unless you are investing millions of dollars upfront. Lastly, if there isn't an employer plan and you make a ton of cash, you may not qualify for a deductible IRA or Roth IRA contribution for something else that may happen if you want to start playing with, ""What if."""
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [Paid media increases across social with Snapchat and Instagram recording huge growth • r\/techstock](https://np.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/782fqi/paid_media_increases_across_social_with_snapchat/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
"The best predictor of mutual fund performance is low expense ratio, as reported by Morningstar despite the fact that it produces the star ratings you cite. Most of the funds you list are actively managed and thus have high expense ratios. Even if you believe there are mutual fund managers out there that can pick investments intelligently enough to offset the costs versus a passive index fund, do you trust that you will be able to select such a manager? Most people that aren't trying to sell you something will advise that your best bet is to stick with low-cost, passive index funds. I only see one of these in your options, which is FUSVX (Fidelity Spartan 500 Index Fund Fidelity Advantage Class) with an exceptionally low expense ratio of 0.05%. Do you have other investment accounts with more choices, like an IRA? If so you might consider putting a major chunk of your 401(k) money into FUSVX, and use your IRA to balance your overall porfolio with small- and medium-cap domestic stock, international stock, and bond funds. As an aside, I remember seeing a funny comment on this site once that is applicable here, something along the lines of ""don't take investment advice from coworkers unless they're Warren Buffett or Bill Gross""."
Dental veneers are a thin ceramic shell that is layered over your original tooth and creates a more aesthetically pleasing look of the tooth and creates a nicer smile. Veneers are used commonly to help restore damaged teeth, fractured teeth or teeth that are discolored. It is done professionally by veneers Mansfield.  Visit us : http://dentist-lorain.webnode.com/veneers-mansfield/
You think a company based on raising awareness of sea creatures doesn't care about animals. Just look at their mission statement. They put nothing before animal well being. That movie that came out is just pure propaganda.     &gt;Research is performed to gain an understanding of the relationships among reproductive endocrinology, anatomy, behavior and physiological events such as ovulation and parturition. &gt;This knowledge is applied to cooperative captive management practices, in collaboration with government and non-government organizations, to facilitate both natural and assisted breeding strategies.
Nobody tracks a single company's net assets on a daily basis, and stock prices are almost never derived directly from their assets (otherwise there would be no concept of 'growth stocks').  Stocks trade on the presumed current value of future positive cash flow, not on the value of their assets alone. Funds are totally different.  They own nothing but stocks and are valued on the basis on the value of those stocks.  (Commodity funds and closed funds muddy the picture somewhat, but basically a fund's only business is owning very liquid assets, not using their assets to produce wealth the way companies do.) A fund has no meaning other than the direct value of its assets.   Even companies which own and exploit large assets, like resource companies, are far more complicated than funds: e.g. gold mining or oil extracting companies derive most of their value from their physical holdings, but those holdings value depends on the moving price and assumed future price of the commodity and also on the operations (efficiency of extraction etc.) Still different from a fund which only owns very liquid assets.
This sounds like a rental fee as described in the instructions for the 1099-MISC.   Enter amounts of $600 or more for all types of rents, such as    any of the following. ... Non-Employee compensation does not seem appropriate because you did not perform a service. You mention that your tax-preparer brought this up.  I think you will need to consult with a CPA to receive a more reliable opinion.  Make sure to bring the contract that describes the situation with you.  From there, you may need to consult a tax attorney, but the CPA should be able to help you figure out what your next step is.
I'm not sure 1099-MISC is what you should expect. Equity means ownership, and in LLC context it means membership. As an LLC member, you'll get distributions and should receive a K-1 form for tax treatment, not 1099 or W2. If the CEO is talking about 1099 it means he's going to hire you as a contractor which contradicts the statement about equity allocation. That's an entirely different situation. 1) Specifically, would the 1099-MISC form be used in this case? 1099-MISC is used to describe various payments. Depending on which box is filled, the tax treatment may be as of employment income (subject to SE taxes) or passive income (royalties, rents, etc - subject to various limitations in the tax code). 3) If this is the only logical method of compensation (receiving a % of real estate sales), how would it be taxed? That would probably be a commission and taxed as employment income. I suggest to get a professional tax adviser consultation on this issue, with specific details, numbers, and kinds of deals involved. You can get gain or lose a lot of money just because you're characterized as a contractor and not LLC member or employee (each has its own benefits and disadvantages, and you have to consider them all). 4) Are there any advantages/disadvantages to acquiring and selling   properties through the company as opposed to receiving a % of sales? Yes. There are advantages and there are disadvantages. For example, if you're using a corporation, you can get salary, if you're a contractor you cannot. There are a lot of issues hidden in this distinction (which I've just discussed with KeithS in this argument).
By all measures, the U.S. stock market is currently frothy. The apparent stability of the world financial system is superficial – financial asset prices are not real, the equilibrium is temporary, the lack of volatility is a trap, and when the whole thing goes haywire, there will truly be hell to pay.
Stem Education is a very crucial in the further career for kids. A strong STEM paves the way of the good science, innovation, designing, and arithmetic, such that enables kids to sustain in the scientific aptitudes and relational abilities they learn in humanities courses.
Thank you monsieurb\_ for voting on autotldr.    This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).     ***    ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
it sounds like you don't have experience in this, and neither does your *investor*; which is a recipe for disaster (pun intended).  Your first order of business is to check whether your investor is an *Accredited Investor* (google to see what it means), if s/he's not, **walk away**.  If s/he's an accredited investor, find a lawyer who can help you navigate this process, however these are the issues:  * lawyers are expensive, and lawyers who have experience in these type of transactions are even more expensive * you actually need 2 lawyers, one for you and one for the investor * if neither of you have experience, there will be a lot more billable hours from the lawyers.....  In principle this can go 3 ways:  1. The investors give you a loan, you pay them interests on a periodic basis, and then also principal.  Items to be negotiated: interest rates, repayment schedule, collateral, personal guarantees. Highly unlikely this is what the investors wants.  2. The Investors get equity. items to be negotiated: your compensation, % of ownership, how profits are divided, how profits are paid; who gets to decide what.  3. A combination of 1 and 2 above, a *Convertible Note*.  There's a lot more, too much for a Reddit post.  There's not an easy ELI5.
Your parents would not be able to claim her as a dependent as multiple people are not allowed to claim a single person as a dependent.  Utilize the IRS website to show who you are and are not allowed to claim (https://www.irs.gov/uac/Who-Can-I-Claim-as-a-Dependent%3F).
&gt; On July 13, Lampert's ESL Partners entered into a short-term line of credit loans, which carry a maturity date of 151 days and a fixed interest rate of 9.75 percent per year, Sears said.  Jesus Christ.  That seems pretty desperate.  Not sure how or why this would make shares jump.  That's a hell of a rate for what is effectively commercial paper.
Not a bad article but pretty simplified and a little bit sensationalized. It's not like using math to figure out fixing wealth inequality is a novel idea. There are thousands of researchers and professors in political science, economics and mathematics that have applied their entire research careers on figuring out 1. How inequality has *actually* developed and  2. The best ways to fix it. You can find them in damn near any university in the United States.   You want to read some good, peer reviewed, highly cited research and papers and income and wealth inequality, read anything written by Thomas Piketty or Emmanuel Saez, pretty much the preeminent inequality scholars in Western economics as well as select writings by Krugman or Stiglitz, both of whom have won Nobel prizes. Their works are more palatable for non-academic readers, but their biases (particularly Stiglitz) are more apparent. Still great reads though.   I like that this article addressed the fact that to legitimately change the wealth distribution we need a huge range of programs and tax changes. There's no one right answer and every solution has it's downsides and externalities.
"TL;DR; There is no silver bullet. You have to decide how much to invest and when on your own.  Averaging down definition: DEFINITION of 'Average Down' The process of buying additional shares in a company at lower prices than you originally purchased. This brings the average price you've paid for all your shares down. BREAKING DOWN 'Average Down' Sometimes this is a good strategy, other times it's better to sell off a beaten down stock rather than buying more shares.  So let us tackle your questions: At what percentage drop of the stock price should I buy more shares. (Ex: should I wait for the price to fall by 5% or 10% to buy more.) It depends on the behaviour of the security and the issuer. Is it near its historical minimum? How healthy is the issuer? There is no set percentage. You can maximize your gains or your losses if the security does not rebound. Investopedia: The strategy is often favored by investors who have a long-term investment horizon and a contrarian approach to investing. A contrarian approach refers to a style of investing that is against, or contrary, to the prevailing investment trend.  (...) On the other side of the coin are the investors and traders who generally have shorter-term investment horizons and view a stock decline as a portent of things to come. These investors are also likely to espouse trading in the direction of the prevailing trend, rather than against it. They may view buying into a stock decline as akin to trying to ""catch a falling knife."" Your second question: How many additional shares should I buy. (Ex: Initially I bought 10 shares, should I buy 5,10 or 20.) That depends on your portfolio allocation before and after averaging down and your investor profile (risk apettite). Take care when putting more money on a falling security, if your portfolio allocation shifts too much. That may expose you to risks you shouldn't be taking. You are assuming a risk for example, if the market bears down like 2008: Averaging down or doubling up works well when the stock eventually rebounds because it has the effect of magnifying gains, but if the stock continues to decline, losses are also magnified. In such cases, the investor may rue the decision to average down rather than either exiting the position or failing to add to the initial holding.  One of the pitfalls of averaging down is when the security does not rebound, and you become too attached to be able to cut your losses and move on. Also if you are bullish on a position, be careful not to slip the I down and add a T on said position. Invest with your head, not your heart."
Dude, I said pink slime is gross. Is, and should be, legal. Still gross.   Stop deciding who I am. You have no idea what you're talking about and are just coming to a conclusion you feel is right. That's totally unreasonable.
You will see self driving full size semi trucks before you own a personal self driving car.  The efficiencies will be much greater for a big rig, vs small car or van.   Right now, HOS limits time a driver can spend behind the wheel. Without team drivers, the truck sits idle for 60-70+% of the time.  Large truck companies will see the benefit of owning less assets, paying less for whatever fuel they will be using, and increasing the general efficiency of their operations.
"I'd suggest you to separate ""doing good"" from ""earning profit"". Look at the guys like Warren Buffett and Bill Gates (or Carnegie and Ford for that matters). They understand that you can't reconcile the two goals, so they donate for free what they earned for profit. If you want to make a social impact with your money, you can check the charity programs that have a confirmed record of a positive impact on people's lives. Non-profits that studied such programs publish their results extensively: AidGrade compiles this research and suggests direct donations to the programs that demonstrated best outcomes per dollar invested:"
That article misses the entire point of why (most) American's use credit cards: to spend money they don't have. All it spoke about was ease of use. If anything, you could change it to talk about *debit* cards and that might be true.
The Home Mill is a family-owned company with a history dating back over 20 years. With firm roots in Manchester and run by people who really care about the local community and providing the people with the best possible service, we are steadily becoming a force to be reckoned with in home furniture for the region.
"J Gruber's consulting reports for the various states (Minnesota, Wisconsin, etc).  * http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/post/jon-gruber-on-the-premiums-in-health-care-reform/2011/08/25/gIQAN0TUWS_blog.html  ...and the article it addresses (which included some numbers from the reports):  * http://dailycaller.com/2012/02/11/obamacare-architect-expect-steep-increase-in-health-care-premiums/  Note that Gruber has made a whole spectrum of claims (from initially claiming that premiums would go DOWN for a consulting agreement with the Obama administration, to later ""revisions"" showing significant increases {to varying degrees depending on the individuals specific demographic}), to wit:  &gt;Gruber’s new reports are in direct contrast Obama’s words — and with claims Gruber himself made in 2009. Then, the economics professor said that based on figures provided by the independent Congressional Budget Office, “[health care] reform will significantly reduce, not increase, non-group premiums.”  &gt;During his presentation to Wisconsin officials in August 2011, Gruber revealed that while about 57 percent of those who get their insurance through the individual market will benefit in one way or another from the law’s subsides, an even larger majority of the individual market will end up paying drastically more overall.  &gt;“After the application of tax subsidies, **59 percent of the individual market will experience an average premium increase of 31 percent,”** Gruber reported.  &gt;The reason for this is that an estimated 40 percent of Wisconsin residents who are covered by individual market insurance don’t meet the Affordable Care Act’s minimum coverage requirements. Under the Affordable Care Act, they will be required to purchase more expensive plans.  &gt;Asked for his own explanation for the expected health-insurance rate hikes, Gruber told TheDC that his reports “reflect the high cost of folding state high risk pools into the [federal government's] exchange — without using the money the state was already spending to subsidize those high risk pools.”  Note: Emphasis added.    Note 2: To begin with, an ""average"" increase of 31% qualifies as ""significant"" (hell, it's a lot more than merely ""significant"", that's a HUGE increase); and secondly, that is an AVERAGE, meaning that while some of the people in that ""59%"" will probably not see such a high increase, a fairly large segment {and per the provisions of the Act versus current premium calculation methods, we KNOW these will be ""young healthy singles"", and especially males} will face increases that are substantially HIGHER than 31%, and in fact will probably be in the nature of double or triple previous premiums {as would be required in order to meet another provision of the act, that highest premiums for older/sicker pool members cannot be higher than 3x that of the youngest/lowest tier premiums -- and if the company is to balance the books, it can only ""bring down"" the one end if it makes a compensating increase at the other end.})  None of that is ""rocket science"" and it is entirely predictable. (The only things that would be ""odd"" would be that anyone should expect anything different, and that Gruber's initial claims of across the board lower costs were ever accepted in the first place.)"
1.   It is difficult.  There is no formal process outside of undergrad and MBA programs to easily gain access to interviews.  At your level, its mostly about connections.  If willing to start near bottom, go to your business school and start applying to bank associate programs.  Sounds like you would like sales and trading more than M&amp;A, so focus there. 2.   If you got in at associate level, you would do 1-3 months of training and then get assigned a desk.  Finance going through a tough time right now, so trajectory isn't what it used to be.  Expect to be a VP after 2-4 years, then its all dependent on luck and skill. 3.   If you land a job at a top 15 bank, you should be making total comp of 150k or more after the first year.  Salaries not quite at 150k, but most VPS make over 150k salary, not to mention bigger bonus's.  4.   If you did M&amp;A you would be working very serious hours.  If you go into Sales and Trading your hours will be anywhere from 40 to 60 hours a week depending on the desk.  Trading hours tend to be the shortest. 5.  Boston isn't a hot bed for i-banking finance.  NYC, London, Sing, Hong Kong tend to be the places to be.  I know nobody in Boston that could help.
Is it possible for the card issuing banks to check my score without my permission? As far as I understand these things, that is exactly the whole purpose of these sorts of credit-rating institutions. The banks and other financial businesses are their customers. They exist to serve those customers. Their relationship, if any, with a consumer is probably secondary to that. When you apply for credit, you give that business any permission needed.
In a very similar situation as yours, I bought a used motorcycle for $3000. It was still reasonably new, very reliable, and with California weather, you can use it year-round. It reduced my time in traffic, and it had very low fuel and maintenance costs. The biggest expense was tires. The biggest pitfall in buying a motorcycle is auto-insurance. Do your research and ask for quotes from your broker before even considering a particular model of bike. When I decided that my finances justified a new motorcycle, I was surprised that full collision coverage cost about $3000/year on a lower powered bike that had a bad accident record because it appealed to new riders. I got a much more powerful bike that appealed to more experienced riders and the premium was only $500/year. Is this answer not what you were looking for? Spend as little as you can on a 4-6 year old car. Drive it until you can save enough cash to buy the one you really want. I'm currently driving a 2007 Corolla, and I'm waiting until I can get a new civic turbo with a manual transmission to replace it. (They currently only offer them with a CVT, but next fall they'll have them with the MT, so I'm probably 2 1/2 years out from buying one used.)
Bull. Facebook is exploding overseas, where local knockoff flavors of Facebook have long held dominance, as they improve their internationalization. Even in the US, kids aren't giving up Facebook for other sites, but instead tieing in other sites TO facebook - you can tweet straight from your news feed, you can share your tumblr posts with your friends through facebook. Pinterest doesn't have the same utility as Facebook, but instead only serves a small portion of the features to an even smaller portion of the Facebook user base. And foursquare? Completely different market, I don't know why the author failed to realize that a location sharing app is *completely* different than a social media site. Not only that, but kids will become mayor of a place on Foursquare only so as to brag about it on Facebook!  This article makes the grievous mistake of thinking that just because people visit other sites *besides* Facebook, that this is a sign of Facebook's imminent demise. This is such an overused news subject - the death of facebook, that it's becoming a major cliche. The fact of the matter is, Facebook was grossly over valued on the expectation that they'll continue their exponential growth pattern, but they won't. Facebook will continue to grow and dominate the market because they have the best and the brightest programmers and they really understand their market. Just don't expect them growing like they have in the past five years all over again.
The main difference between a mutual fund and an ETF are how they are bought and sold (from the investors perspective). An ETF is transacted on the open market. This means you normally can't buy partial shares with your initial investment. Having to transact on the open market also means you pay a market price. The market price is always a little bit different from the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the fund. During market hours, the ETF will trade at a premium/discount to the NAV calculated on the previous day. Morningstar's fund analysis will show a graph of the premium/discount to NAV for an ETF. With a mutual fund on the other hand, your investment goes to a fund company, which then grants you shares while under the hood buying the underlying investments. You pay the NAV price and are allowed to buy partial shares. Usually an ETF has a lower expense ratio, but if that's equal and any initial fees/commissions are equal, I would prefer the mutual fund in order to buy partial shares (so your initial investment will be fully invested) and so you don't have to worry about paying premium to NAV
In my opinion the difference is semantic. A professional, or someone wanting to present an air of competence, is more likely to talk about investing in shares, as the word investment carries with it connotations of effort, energy and a worthwhile result. Whereas, the word speculation implies the hope of gain but with the risk of loss.
Meh.  In n Out is cheap, and I know it has pop culture appeal, but their actual food is mediocre at best.  They don't even offer anything unique except very basic burgers with almost no toppings, limp fries, and artificial milkshakes.
Yeah the percentage thing I was a bit unsure of and that totally makes sense. It is a fairly popular place and I would show you more about the company, but I want to stay on the safe side and not broadcast where it is, just in case someone would want to steal this opportunity from me, but anyways...  This company literally has no marketing or advertising and I feel like I could literally double their business with just a good amount of time marketing/advertising. I threw in the percentage idea because I know what I am capable of doing and how much money I could bring to the business. My strategy is to get a good, but fair cut of this deal.  Also to give you a idea how bad it is:  - No Facebook feed for 1 year - No website modification for 2.5 years - No other social media accounts - A 75,000 email list that has not been engaged in 13 months and so much more...
Sebenergy.it is one of the leading ecological multi-fuel boiler companies. Their innovative tecnologies can utilise the solar power  to produce clean and safe ecological multi-fuel boilers. They aim to work with products that safeguard the environment with low impact and high sustainability.
Good read. Also... so true. I've been in this crypto thing since 2014, and it's all manipulation all the time. In both bull and bear markets.  Edit: Whoops, thought I was in r/ethtrader lol, guess I got something to crosspost over there now ;-P
In addition to those who are wealthy (not the same as high income), there are also a certain number of people whose professional livelihood is enhanced by projecting wealth/income they may or may not have. For example, some consultants, lawyers, financial advisors or other salespeople. The same is true of luxury homes for industries where entertaining clients and associates is expected. These people are essentially making an educated bet that the additional sales they expect to make will outweigh the additional expense of the luxury items, similar to purchasing advertising. But in many cases, people are either living beyond their current income, or living beyond their long-term income by failing to save for when they are too old/sick to work. Additionally, many car brands that we traditionally associate with luxury have created mid-priced lines in the $30-40K range recently, so it is possible that some of the cars you are seeing are not as expensive as you might expect.
"&gt; Also, Is it smart to get into about debt for an education as an architect from a private education?  No.  Many more people want to be architects than the market will support.  Some ""rock star"" architects make big money.  Many more work as junior draftsmen, making low wages while filling in detail on designs done by the rock stars.  A private school will cost too damn much."
The big picture is terrible. It is beyond repair. If the FED wants to stand in front of the coming train, then goodbye to the FED. As Bernanke prints more money, credit will deflate even faster! Who would want to lend money to the US government and the US consumer who has already displayed inability to pay. Consumers consume, go into debt and go bankrupt. Only producers prosper. That is not us. Government intervention into free markets to save obsolete industries is delaying the recovery. Instead of getting further into debt, we need to re-align our economy to focus on what works. Our problem was debt to begin with and we are doing more of the same to fix the problem. It won't work. Kondratieff Winter has started!
"I try to think of it as ""present money"" and ""future money.""  Right now there's still plenty of present money(present wealth): crops are growing, there's plenty of rubber steel glass and such being processed, people still need toothpaste, etc.  Stocks go way up when there's expectations in the marketplace for **future** earnings and production (profit).  Debt is issued (read:money is created) when banks and lenders think production and profits will increase in the future.  That future profit is what pays for the debt being issued (money being created) in the present.  They essentially borrow from the future to create money today, in exchange for a chunk of the future profits.    Right now there's so much doom and gloom that everybody thinks future production and future profits will just not be there, so nobody lends, nobody invests, and no money is created, and thus ""money"" just kinda disappears.    At least that's how I think about it.  Present wealth vs expectations of future wealth.  I'm probably wrong though; this stuff gives me a headache."
Banks that use this amazing ClearXChange service: BOA, Capitol One, Chase, 1st Bank, Frost, US Bank and Wells Fargo I have Wells Fargo. There is a tab for SurePay. I had an option to register my phone number and/or email for this service. I wasn't automatically setup.
&gt;I couldn’t know it then, but the outcome of that battle would influence the purchase decisions of many thousands, if not millions, of people seeking a good night’s sleep. It would also reveal just how thoroughly the internet and the businesses that thrived there had blurred the lines between product reviews and advertisements. All I’d wanted was a mattress, but what I got was a look at a little-known and hugely lucrative annex of e-commerce, one where the relationships can often get a little too comfy—until they’re not.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://insideclimatenews.org/news/31052017/carbon-price-paris-climate-agreement-economists-stern-stiglitz) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Issued a report that puts a figure to the price on carbon needed to reduce emissions to rein in climate change and compensate for those external costs.  &gt; The report says, governments may need to pair a carbon price with other policies, such as efficiency standards, to lower emissions fast enough to keep global temperature rise well below 2 degrees Celsius, the goal of the Paris climate agreement.  &gt; Last year, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced plans to implement a national carbon price that he said would help the country meet its targets under the Paris accord.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6h5hz5/top_economists_40_carbon_price_needed_to_meet/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~143675 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **price**^#1 **carbon**^#2 **implement**^#3 **emissions**^#4 **year**^#5"
Look at my link. You are 100% correct, except for about four of the reviews. Those four each have someone with more than one friend and more than one review. Again, you could potentially (knowing the social graph) get a situation like this to occur with astroturfing, but it's far less likely.  That having been said, look at Monica A. Explain to me how she got filtered. She's the one gigantic red flag that shows that Yelp is intentionally stuffing this business.  I have a decent Yelp score (have a lot of reviews and friends) and have always wondered what would happen if I were to review this business. I won't, since I haven't used them, but I'd love to know whether my review would be Monica-ed.
"What a scumbag. This is the same guy who lied about being a Vietnam vet too, and is one of the biggest liars in Congress spreading the ""muh Russia"" conspiracy theory re: 2016 election. I wish I could say that I'm shocked that he would lash out at hardworking business owners like myself, but sadly I'm not."
Rich's answer captures the basic essence of short selling with example. I'd like to add these additional points: You typically need a specially-privileged brokerage account to perform short selling.  If you didn't request short selling when you opened your account, odds are good you don't have it, and that's good because it's not something most people should ever consider doing.  Short selling is an advanced trading strategy.  Be sure you truly grok selling short before doing it. Consider that when buying stock (a.k.a. going long or taking a long position, in contrast to short) then your potential loss as a buyer is limited (i.e. stock goes to zero) and your potential gain unlimited (stock keeps going up, if you're lucky!)   Whereas, with short selling, it's reversed: Your loss can be unlimited (stock keeps going up, if you're unlucky!) and your potential gain is limited (i.e. stock goes to zero.)   The proceeds you receive from a short sale – and then some – need to stay in your account to offset the short position.  Brokers require this.  Typically, margin equivalent to 150% the market value of the shares sold short must be maintained in the account while the short position is open. The owner of the borrowed shares is still expecting his dividends, if any.  You are responsible for covering the cost of those dividends out of your own pocket.  To close or cover your short position, you initiate a buy to cover.  This is simply a buy order with the intention that it will close out your matching short position.   You may be forced to cover your short position before you want to and when it is to your disadvantage!  Even if you have sufficient margin available to cover your short, there are cases when lenders need their shares back.  If too many short sellers are forced to close out positions at the same time, they push up demand for the stock, increasing price and deepening their losses.  When this happens, it's called a short squeeze. In the eyes of the public who mostly go long buying stock, short sellers are often reviled. However, some people and many short sellers believe they are providing balance to the market and preventing it sometimes from getting ahead of itself. [Disambiguation: A short sale in the stock market is not related to the real estate concept of a short sale, which is when a property owner sells his property for less than he owes the bank.] Additional references:
Nobody would goto SeaWorld if they didn't have whale/dolphin shows.  That just the bottom line of reality, 90% of people goto sea world because their kids want to sit in splash zone and see whales and dolphins jump around.   If peoples kids don't want to goto SeaWorld anymore they can go out on a date or something instead with that money.   If they dropped the Orca shows, a bunch of hippie environmentalists that wouldn't be caught dead in a Sea Park would be really happy and keep not going to seaworld, while the thousands of children that basically keep their business afloat would rapidly loose interest and they would have to just become another SixFlags 2 hours away from a bigger, better six flags.  I don't like the Orca shows anymore than you do, but if 2 or 3 whales living in sub-optimal conditions helps keep marine science research and development afloat I think it's worth it even if their conditions where 5x shittier.    Seriously nobody cares about 100's of thousands of starving children or the million people kept in a shittier tank in Gaza, but some uncomfortable whales that almost single-handily keep funding up for projects that are saving millions of sea creatures are a huge deal.   Edit: Downvote me all you want, it doesn't make it less true that 90% of their visitors couldn't give a single fuck about Orca conditions...
I can see it doing well enough if they want to chase the NES Classic's success. I remember having a great time in 2004 with my family playing a little Atari plug and play controller bundled with a few hits.
I'm also a UK, Ltd company contractor that has pondered the same topic. I afraid, however, that I don't understand the maths in the original question. Mortgage interest is flat for the term of the mortgage rather than compounded, so, ignoring the tapering at the end of the lifespan of the mortgage, I get the amount of interest to something like £9,300 (7500 x 0.05 x 25). Does this make the decision any easier for you? As you point out, the total cost of this overpayment from your company account is £12,500. Using the above figure, it would take over 13 years to recoup the £5,000 difference (at £375 interest a year).  I used to be of the same opinion that the mortgage should be paid off at all costs first. But now I'm coming round to the American way of thinking; £12,500 invested in a pension with a 5% yield will easily outstrip the interest saved by making the over payment - 12500 x 1.05 ^ 25 = £43,300 - over 250% better off (£43,300 / (£9,300 + £7,500)). I now make no mortgage overpayments at all and instead pay all the money into my pension. This (amongst other things) keeps me below the upper earnings tax threshold, so I'm only paying corporation tax for the money I'm drawing as dividends. There's a massive caveat to this though; I'm 49. I should be able to draw the tax free element of my pension pot in six years time and pay my mortgage off and it's quite unlikely that the government will be changing pensions policy in that time (but drawing 25% tax free has been a feature of pensions for quite some time). I can then chose to keep working or retire. If my pension is still doing well (9% ish pa at the moment), I could chose to not pay my mortgage off at all. In the next twenty or so years, however, all this could change. In your position I would do a bit of both. Make a regular overpayment to pay down your mortgage (even a small amount that you'll barely notice will make quite a difference to the end date of your mortgage - £100 a month will take years off). I didn't start paying properly into my pension until fairly recently and so If you're not already, I'd also make quite substantial, regular payments into one now, directly from your company, 15-17.5% of your gross drawings. Leaving it until later will only make it more painful. Then when you get to retirement age, no matter what, you'll have a decent pension pot. An actuary I worked with pointed out that if you pay something into a pension, when you retire you should have some sort of pot; if you pay nothing, you are absolutely guaranteed to have nothing. And finally, if you haven't already, fix your mortgage. We're three years into a five year fix. The variable rate we were going to be transferred to was 3.99%. We fixed, not because of wanting any sense of security, but because the fixed rate was 2.59% with no fee. There are much better rates than that about now. Rates are starting to rise, so it's a good time.
I don't know about an actual example now, but in the past, India had restrictions on how much gold you could bring into the country from abroad, and there were heavy customs duties. Thus, gold smuggling was a huge business, because by avoiding the duties, people could stand to make a lot of money. At some point in 90s, India made changes in these laws so that smuggling was not as profitable.
Article was about insurers not liking the uncertainty. Some insurers want Obamacare repealed, some of them want it to stay. But they all don't want to political climate of uncertainty. A situation where people wouldn't be mandated to buy insurance because they don't fear the IRS actually requiring them, but where the actual regulations haven't been changed yet is a nightmare for insurers.
A good idea is try use your weekends to develop your business/plans at first. Most business startups don't boom overnight, it takes time to build.  Dont quit your job, that is revenue you can build your business with.  The most important thing is to have a sound business plan, not too ambitious, not too realistic.
Your account entries are generally correct, but do note that the last transaction is a mixture of the balance sheet and income statement.  If Quickbooks doesn't do this automatically then the expense must be manually removed from the balance sheet. The expense should be recognized on the balance sheet and income statement when it accrues, and it accrues when the prepaid rent is extinguished when consumed by the landlord, so that is when the second entry in your question should be booked. The cash flow statement will reflect all of these cash transactions immediately.
QE is artificial demand for bonds, but as always when there are more buyers than sellers the price of anything goes up. When QE ends the price of bonds will fall because everyone will know that the biggest buyer in the market is no longer there.  So price of bonds will fall. And therefore the interest rate on new bonds must increase to match the total return available to buyers in the secondary market.
There were and are a ton of talented people. A lot of talented people have come and gone. But a ridiculous amounts of projects and partnerships were put forward throughout the 90s. They failed on a number of fronts. Talk to older guys, they saw everything coming, management just didn't agree from wayyyy back.
I've heard this story over and over.  It's heartbreaking to hear of people (men and women) who slave to start a company, scrape together the wherewithal to take on 2 or 3 employees, back up the payroll from their own personal money when times are tough and then.. just get stabbed fully in the back by women who milk every last minute out of their entitlement before not coming back.  I know they aren't interested in the business and I accept that their first priority is the child.  But that doesn't make it any easier on the business owner.  Would you take on somebody if you seriously thought this was going to happen?  Would any small enterprise ever hire anyone?  Equality is a nice idea but it will stifle small and slow growing businesses to the point where the only way to get started will be to take a big loan.  And that is not in the interests of the economy at large.  There should be a second class of job, which you as a company have to fulfill certain requirements to offer.  Low turnover (not profit) for example, maybe under 5 employees too.  Basically, a company with little reserve with which to deal with an uncertain absence of a large percentage of its workforce.  This second class job should carry with it either a waiver on the sexism discrimination policy (although this is completely insane and unfair to women who aren't interested in babies), a waiver on the ability to dismiss people for falling pregnant (which we kind of have in the UK given that in theory there's no unfair dismissal if it's in the first two years, although woe betide anyone who tries this out and immediately hires a man) or - and here's a wacky fucking idea - *some kind of increased government support in the case of pregnancy*.  Stifling small companies by forcing them into penury just because someone wants to have a baby - arguably the most natural thing in the world - is in nobody's interests.
"Thanks for quoting the ""meat"" of the article (I agree with the GP, *I* didn't have the patience to make it to page 2), but this ""meat"" is still textured flavored soy protein...  &gt; Well, one of the reasons there's no place to invest the cash is that wages as a percentage of GDP have fallen by so much that workers can't afford to buy anything any more.  *What*???  This manages to be both circular *and* wrong on multiple levels!  ""Our workers can't afford our product so we can't spend all this cash rolling in on them"".  &gt; We kept profits to a minimum, because if we had high profits, we would have to pay high taxes. So at every opportunity, we bought another machine or we opened another plant or we hired more people, to try to build long term value through expansion because that was the way you avoided tax.  Ah, ""Daddy had the luxury of operating in a non-saturated market"".  Meanwhile, Google, Apple, and Microsoft piss away money as fast as they can on all sorts of basic research, and yet *still* have massive stockpiles.  But then, I think that touches on the *real* problem with Hanauer's point - It's just plain *false*.  We live in a world where the governments have become so dysfunctional that private industry is now funding things like space exploration, energy policy, education, transportation."
tl;dr- libor plus a small (&lt;50bps) spread for S&amp;P500 exposure. larger spread for less liquid/ more esoteric index.   a swap is basically just outsourcing balance sheet to a dealer bank. the counterparty (dealer) is shorting you (the fund) the return of the index. to hedge their short, the dealer would borrow funds and buy the stocks in the index. large dealer banks can borrow at basically libor. they'll also expect compensation for the transaction costs of buying the hedge plus a profit on the (small amount) of capital they need to finance this transaction. this will vary based on the size of the portfolio.   s&amp;p500 costs maybe 5bps in transaction cost. an EM index costs maybe 50bps. so it will depend on the index.  profit to the dealer depends on supply/demand dynamics. sometimes this transaction will be in demand, sometimes the short side will be more valuable.   so it depends on the index you're talking about as well as market dynamics. right now for s&amp;p500 exposure, not more than libor plus 50 for a mid-sized fund.
Look at your options with a 529 program. If the money is used for education expenses: that currently includes tuition, room & board (even if living off campus), books, transportation; it grows tax free. Earnings are not subject to federal tax and generally not subject to   state tax when used for the qualified education expenses of the   designated beneficiary, such as tuition, fees, books, as well as room   and board. Contributions to a 529 plan, however, are not deductible. If it is a 529 associated with your state you can also save on state taxes. You can make contributions on a regular basis, or ad hoc. Accounts can even be setup by other relatives. I have used a 529 to fund two kids education. It takes care of most of your education expenses.  529 programs are available from most states, and even some of the big mutual fund companies. Many have the option of shifting the risk level of the investments to be more conservative as the kids hit high school.  Some states have an option to have you pay  a large sum when the child is small to buy semesters of college. The deal is worth considering if you know they will be going to a state school, the deal is less good if they will go out of state or to a private college.  The IRS does limit the maximum amount that you can contribute in a year an amount that exceeds the 14,000 annual gift limit: If in 2014, you contributed more than $14,000 to a Qualified Tuition   Plan (QTP) on behalf of any one person, you may elect to treat up to   $70,000 of the contribution for that person as if you had made it   ratably over a 5-year period. The election allows you to apply the   annual exclusion to a portion of the contribution in each of the 5   years, beginning in 2014. You can make this election for as many   separate people as you made QTP contributions One option at the end is to take any extra money at graduation and give it to the child so that it can be used for graduate school, or if the taxes and penalties are paid it can be used for that first car. It can even be rolled over to another relative.
From my experience and friends' experiences, I can say that there are advantages and disadvantages for paying off your mortgage quickly. Basically, it depends on these factors: the type of the mortgage, its interest rate, your financial stability, your skills in making investments and other outside factors, such as inflation, liquidity, oppurtunity cost, etc. Paying it off means you save on interest ratings, you decrease investment risks and your investment rates are taxable. Disadvantages are that you cannot use this money for investing, you cannot use this money for tax deductions and that in a state of inflation, not paying it off in advance could save you a lot of money.  However, I always recommend to read some more on websites that deal with mortgages, and speak with the mortgage expert in your bank.Just acquire enough information to make a good assessment. An interesting article on this topic - The Advantages and Disadvantages of Paying Off Your Mortgage
DeFuniak Springs Bradshaw`s Painting are very professional and efficient and did a great job making sure every detail of the paint job was done to our satisfaction. I would recommend them to anyone who needs some painting work done on their home or business.
Sorry - maybe the reddit has gotten to me. /r/politics is like the Third International in its nonsensical raving about how awful business is.  I agree, I like cute little bookstores too, but to be honest, I actually buy more on Amazon...
"In 2007, Samsung was accused, and their chairman implicated, in a bribery scandal involving US officials. They placed their lawyers in front of it as scapegoats.  But you go ahead and keep saying that bribery and dishonesty pay, and i'll just never do business with you.   In 2007, former Samsung chief lawyer Kim Yong Chul claimed that he was involved in bribing and fabricating evidence on behalf of the group's chairman Lee Kun-hee and the company. Kim said that Samsung lawyers trained executives to serve as scapegoats in a ""fabricated scenario"" to protect Lee, even though those executives were not involved. Kim also told the media that he was ""sidelined"" by Samsung after he refused to pay a $3.3 million bribe to the U.S. Federal District Court judge presiding over a case where two of their executives were found guilty on charges related to memory chip price fixing. Kim revealed that the company had raised a large amount of secret funds through bank accounts illegally opened under the names of up to 1,000 Samsung executives—under his own name, four accounts were opened to manage 5 billion won."
If you are thinking about shifting, then you should know that it can be stressful. We can be helpful for you. So, if you are looking for a smart and affordable packers and movers in Gurgaon then take our service. Here, we offer a packing service by using the advanced
"The answer is ""Yes"", You can deduct them. As long as you showed that you put in effort to make a profit then you can deduct business expenses."
According to this page on their website (http://www.kotaksecurities.com/internationaleq/homepage.htm), Kotak Securities is one big-name Indian broker that offers an international equities account to its Indian customers.  Presumably, they should be able to answer all your questions. Since this is a competitive market, one can assume that others like ICICI Direct must also be doing so.
It is a bit more complicated than whether it pays more or less dividends. You should make your decision based on how well the company is performing both fundamentally and technically. Concentrating mainly on the fundamental performance for this question, most good and healthy companies make enough profits to both pay out dividends and invest back into the company to keep growing the company and profits. In fact a good indication of a well performing company is when their dividend per share and earnings per share are both growing each year and the dividends per share are less than the earnings per share (that way you know dividends are being paid out from new profits and not existing cash holdings). This information can give you an indication of both a stable and growing company. I would rather invest in a company that pays little or no dividends but is increasing profits and growing year after year than a company that pays higher dividends but its profits are decreasing year after year. How long will the company continue to pay dividends for, if it starts making less and less profits to pay them with? You should never invest in a company solely because they pay dividends, if you do you will end up losing money. It is no use making $1 in dividends if you lose $2+ because the share price drops. The annual returns from dividends are often between 1% and 6%, and, in some cases, up to 10%. However, annual returns from capital gains can be 20%, 50%, 100% or more for a stable and growing company.
There's no reason for a chargeback, and you might get charged a fee for invalid chargeback or even sued by the insurance company. You need to always read the contract and see what the auto-renew policy is and what the local law on the issue is. It might be that you in fact approved that charge. In any case, since they agreed to refund, and within a reasonable period of time, your chargeback will be invalid. It is likely that by the time the chargeback is even processed by the bank, the refund will be there already.
popularity that you are referring to is just known as liquidity when discussing markets. More liquid securities tend to trade more shares per day and have very tight bid/ask spreads as many investors are buying and selling the shares at one time.  Some larger securities, especially on exchanges, further enhance liquidity by providing market makers. These are individuals on the NYSE, for example, that will make the market in large securities by handling large orders and providing liquidity through their own book of capital. The individuals on the floor on the NYSE you often see on TV are those market makers. However, as trading becomes more electronic, market markers are becoming less and less required.  A previous comment suggested pink sheets are risky companies. This is not entirely factual. While the majority of pink sheets are very highly risky companies, many very solid international companies trade their ADRs (American Depository Receipt) on the pink sheets to avoid the high cost of setting up a large exchange at the NYSE and register and report through the SEC.  As a TD Ameritrade user, I would be willing to help you out if you have any other questions.
This is true, but Netflix also pays about 20% over market rate (or so I've heard from people who've worked there).  The idea is that you go there, make good money, burn out, and leverage that into your next gig, of which you'll have ample choice.  That's the idea at least, not sure how it works out in practice.
Rich people do have money just lying around.  Give a rich person money and it will, what?  Go into savings of some sort.  The wealthy ideally put their money into rent-creating things, which is awesome for them and less awesome for the rest of us, as it gives them money without producing anythig else for the rest of us.  The ultimate rentier is someone like Mitt Romney, that stripped corporations of their assets and stripped future pensioners of their pensions all to put money  in his and his investors' pockets.  All these cool bubbles, also driven by too large of pools of money lying around.  Currently, we're witnessing the popping of the latest oil bubble.  But, commodity speculation of all types has been something of a major problem lately because of exactly this.  Too much money in too few hands.
I agree. I have acquaintances that have thrown away shipping containers of shirts for events that they ended up not getting the contract for and had to dispose of the merchandise for copyright issues. These events are often print first, decide legality or find a buyer second.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-05-25/investors-say-it-s-time-to-price-climate-into-cities-bond-risks) reduced by 95%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Municipal defaults are rare: Moody&amp;#039;s reports fewer than 100 defaults by municipal borrowers it rated between 1970 and 2014.  &gt; Kurt Forsgren, a managing director at S&amp;P, said its municipal ratings remain &amp;quot;Largely driven by financial performance.&amp;quot; He said the company was looking for ways to account for climate change in ratings, including through a city&amp;#039;s ability to access insurance.  &gt; Laskey, of Fitch, was skeptical that rating companies could or should account for climate risk in municipal ratings.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ejcgp/rising_seas_may_wipe_out_these_jersey_towns_but/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~133538 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **rated**^#1 **climate**^#2 **risk**^#3 **bond**^#4 **change**^#5"
Online payment service providers should allow you to agree to payments from customers and secure your company against scams. To fight against innovative scammers, you need to take additional safety measures in defending your business. Improving your payment security should be a concern to website associated with scams
You decide on a cost bases attribution yourself, per transaction (except for averaging for mutual funds, which if I remember correctly applies to all the positions). It is not a decision your broker makes. Broker only needs to know what you've decided to report it to the IRS on 1099, but if the broker reported wrong basis (because you didn't update your account settings properly, or for whatever else reason) you can always correct it on form 8949 (columns f/g).
The prices we pay for goods and services is set by our level of income because we have a huge choice of price levels from luxury to economy class and DIY. This was true of rent and mortgage payments before the real estate bubble. There is still some choice though from a tiny house or trailer to a mansion. None of these are one set demand decided by someone else as with land value tax. Many people like where they live and want to stay there. Those people create a cross generational community. Land and homes must be affordable and we should have as much freedom about what we do with our homes as possible.
Totally agree but that's not the public perception.  Most people still think buying a Prius over a Fiesta is saving the world.  Again, my point that most people who buy these kinds of cars aren't doing it for the virtuous reasons.
If you cut taxes on the 1% highest earners, that incentivizes everyone else to become high earners! Since all that's needed to enter the 1% is to become wildly successful upon the backs of others, we can expect that between 48 and 49% of the country to become 1% of the top earners with these and other incentives.  All people really needed was additional incentives to becoming rich beyond their wildest dreams!
The common opinion is an oversimplification at best. The problem with buying a house using cash is that it may leave you cash-poor, forcing you to take out a home equity loan at some point... which may be at a higher rate than the mortgage would have been. On the other hand, knowing that you have no obligation to a lender is quite nice, and many folks prefer eliminating that source of stress. IF you can get a mortgage at a sufficiently low rate, using it to leverage an investment is not a bad strategy. Average historical return on the stock market is around 8%, so any mortgage rate lower than that is a relatively good bet and a rate MUCH lower (as now) is that much better a bet. There is, of course, some risk involved and the obligation to make mortgage payments, and your actual return is reduced by what you're paying on the mortage... but it's still a pretty good deal. As far as investment vehicles: The same answers apply as always. You want a rate of return higher than what you're paying on the mortgage, preferably market rate of return or better. CDs won't do it, as you've found. You're going to have to increase the risk to increase the return. That does mean picking and maintaining a diversified balance of investments and investment types. Working with index funds makes diversifying within a type easy, but you're probably going to want both stocks and bonds, rebalancing between them when they drift too far from your desired mix.  My own investments are a specific mix with one each of bond fund, large cap fund, small cap fund, REIT, and international fund. Bonds are the biggest part of that, since they're lowest risk, but the others play a greater part in producing returns on the investments. The exact mix that would be optimal for you depends on your risk tolerance (I'm classified as a moderately aggressive investor), the time horizon you're looking at before you may be forced to pull money back out of the investments, and some matters of personal taste. I've been averaging about 10%, but I had the luxury of being able to ride out the depression and indeed invest during it. Against that, my mortgage is under 4% interest rate, and is for less than 80% of the purchase price so I didn't need to pay the surcharge for mortgage insurance. In fact, I borrowed only half the cost of the house and paid the rest in cash, specifically because leveraging does involve some risk and this was the level of risk I was comfortable with. I also set the duration of the loan so it will be paid off at about the same time I expect to retire. Again, that's very much a personal judgement. If you need specific advice, it's worth finding a financial counselor and having them help you run the numbers. Do NOT go with someone associated with an investment house; they're going to be biased toward whatever produces the most income for them. Select someone who is strictly an advisor; they may cost you a bit more but they're more likely to give you useful advice. Don't take my word for any of this. I know enough to know how little I know. But hopefully I've given you some insight into what the issues are and what questions you need to ask, and answer, before making your decisions.
"Ok, now if someone could explain to my why Argentina didn't do the following:  * Set out a schedule of payments for the 100% of the debt, and pay everybody (Mr. Singer included);  * When they hit the haircut % amount, declare ""default"".  The parties that had agreed to the haircut would be fine, as they had already agreed to the haircut.   Mr. Singer would be left out to dry for the rest of the money, due to the default.   It would technically count as a default, but only the vulture-funds would experience the actual default, and so the markets would see that haircuts for the majority actually apply for everybody, and henceforth encouraging all bond-holders to negotiate hair-cuts rather than encourage vultures to buy nonds for a nickle and demand the full dollar."
Also mediocre selection of most products.  I for one, want high end items.  I go to Best Buy and always have to settle with high marked up middle of the road times (in most of my personal experiences).  There is great value in having local stock, but if I can wait 2 days for shipping, not have to travel 15+ miles to a Best Buy, I am happy to order online.
Some of the farms have silos here as well, but as you say, the capital costs are prohibitive. Instead we tend to wrap it with plastics and let it lie on the field: http://www.flickr.com/photos/dkagedal/4949361930/ (the phenomena is popularily called 'tractor eggs'. I guess you can see why..). There is still a capital outlay but it is cheaper (at least in the short run) compared to silos.   However, I agree that there might not be much use doing it if the cows can feed themselves outdoors during most of the year.
The answer to your question as asked is no.  Call options, even those issued by the company, cannot create new shares unless they are employee stock options. Company-issued warrants, on the other hand, can create new shares.
The US only returned to recession post WW-II due to scaling back wartime activities. Basically the economy slumps when you stop building a million bombs. It was only on paper though; it wasn't perceived as a major recession by Americans alive at the time.
"LOL!!!!! Another made-up story. This was debunked many many times in the past.  Where are the pictures of Israel shooting rubber bullets at women and children? Where are the pictures of ""Palestinians"" who are dying from thirst and untreated diseases?  **BUT I MUST ADMIT, as you know very well, Israel and Jews use the blood of young children for their religious rituals. Many many people know that as absolute truth.**"
Do you plan a monthly budget at the beginning of each month?  This might seem counter-intuitive, but hear me out. Doing a budget is, of course, critically important for those who struggle with having enough money to last the month.  Having this written spending plan allows people struggling with finances to control their spending and funnel money into debt reduction or saving goals.  However, budgeting can also help those with the opposite problem. There are some, like you perhaps, that have enough income and live frugally enough that they don't have to budget.  Their money comes in, and they spend so little that the bank account grows automatically.  It sounds like a good problem to have, but your finances are still out of control, just in a different way.  Perhaps you are underspending simply because you don't know if you will have enough money to last or not. By making a spending plan, you set aside money each month for various categories in three broad areas: Since you have plenty of money coming in, generously fund these spending categories.  As long as you have money in the categories when you go to the store, you can feel comfortable splurging a little, because you know that your other categories are funded and the money is there to pay those other bills.  Create other categories, such as technology or home improvement, and when you need an app or have a home improvement project, you can confidently spend this money, as it has already been allocated for those purposes. If you are new to budgeting, software such as YNAB can make it much easier.
I had a good half dozen of these with various amounts, none of them quite enough to make a purchase anywhere and, like you, I didn't want them to go to waste.  If there is at least $1 on the card, you can use it to buy Amazon eGift cards, which is what I did. It's not as nice having actual cash, but for me it was the next best thing. You can also use them to sign up for free trials for subscriptions. If you forget to cancel, then you're saving your normal credit card from being charged.
The Barclay's 20+ Year Treasury Bond inception date was July 21, 2002. You aren't going to find treasury bond information going back to 1900 because Treasury Bills have only been issued since 1929. The U.S. Department of the Treasury will give you data back to 1990. There's a good article in the Globe and Mail which covers why you may want to buy bonds as part of your portfolio. The key is diversification. Historically, stocks have done better than bonds long-term, but when stocks fall, bonds tend to (though do not always) go up. If you are investing for 30 years, the risk of putting money into bonds is that you will not make as much money as if you had put the money into stocks. Historically (in the US or Canada), you'd have seen positive returns, just not as high as investing in the stock market. There are many investment strategies. I live in Canada and personally favour the one described in the Canadian Couch Potato, a passive index investment strategy where I invest my money in Canadian, U.S. and International equity (stock market mutual funds) and also in a Canadian bond fund. There are, of course, plenty of people who will tell you to take a radically different strategy with your investments.
So, why or why should I not invest in the cheaper index fund? They are both same, one is not cheaper than other. You get something that is worth $1000.  To give a simple illustration; There is an item for $100, Vanguard creates 10 Units out of this so price per unit is $10. Schwab creates 25 units out of this, so the per unit price is $4. Now if you are looking at investing $20; with Vanguard you would get 2 units, with Schwab you would get 5 units. This does not mean one is cheaper than other. Both are at the same value of $20.   The Factors you need to consider are; Related question What differentiates index funds and ETFs?
Lets talk about price gouging. Laws intended to protect victims in a disaster, that actually serve to make it more difficult to service the needy.  Allowing producers to charge a higher price for items that are in high demand (Water, gas etc) sends signals to other producers that profits are available. This in turn gives them incentive  to make extraordinary efforts to service victims.  No one is going to drive 200 miles to sell water if the price is limited by law, there will be less water available for all.  If huge profits are available to those entrepreneurs who take the risk to help people, then more people will engage in the helping, and more resources will be available for all. The prices will eventually come down as supply is restored and as more competitors enter the area.  TL;DR - I would rather have expensive water in an emergency, than no water.
Trick question dude. Can't be done. Sorry to tell you. I've been hit with this. Credit card companies do not make money on these customers. Why does Amex have an annual fee on all cards and an abnormally large transaction fee for merchants? Because they don't allow you to carry a balance (On traditional cards). Meaning they don't make money on interest, like the customers in question here.
There are many reasons but perhaps the most telling is that these small foreign companies usually have not experienced diminishing marginal returns. This means they grow faster, which means higher returns for investment. However a lack of infrastructure, and of political and economic stability, make these investments risky!
Interesting. The answer can be as convoluted/complex as one wishes to make it, or back-of-envelope.  My claim is that if one starts at 21, and deposits 10% of their income each year, they will likely hit a good retirement nest egg. At an 8% return each year (Keep in mind, the last 40 years produced 10%, even with the lost decade) the 10% saver has just over 15X their final income as a retirement account. At 4% withdrawal, this replaces 60% of their income, with social security the rest, to get to nearly 100% or so replacement. Note - I wrote an article about Social Security Benefits, showing the benefit as a percent of final income. At $50K it's 42%, it's a higher replacement rate for lower income, but the replacement rate drops as income rises. So, the $5000 question. For an individual earning $50K or less, this amount is enough to fund their retirement. For those earning more, it will be one of the components, but not the full savings needed.  (By the way, a single person has a standard deduction and exemption totaling $10150 in 2014. I refer to this as the 'zero bracket.' The next $8800 is taxed at 10%. Why go 100% Roth and miss the opportunity to fund these low or no tax withdrawals?)
Supposedly this also means that I am free from having to pay   California corporate taxes? Not in the slightest. Since you (the corporate employee) reside in CA - the corporation is doing business in CA and is liable for CA taxes. Or, does this mean I am required to pay both CA taxes and Delaware   fees? (In this case, minimal, just a paid agent from incorporate.com) I believe DE actually does have corporate taxes, check it out. But the bottom line is yes, you're liable for both CA and DE costs of doing corporate business (income taxes, registered agents, CA corp fee, etc). Is there any benefit at all for me to be a Delaware C-Corp or should I   dissolve and start over. Or just re-incorporate as California LLC Unless you intend to go public anytime soon or raise money from VCs/investors - there's no benefit whatsoever in incorporating in DE. You should seek a legal advice with an attorney, of course, since benefits are legal issues (usually related to choosing jurisdiction for litigation etc). If you're a one-person freelancer, doing C-Corp was not the best decision as well. Tax-wise you'd be much better off with a S-Corp, or a LLC - both pass-through and have no (Federal) entity-level taxes. Corporate rates are generally higher than individual rates, and less deductions can be taken. In California, check with a CPA/EA licensed in the State, since both S-Corp and LLC would be taxed, and taxed differently.
You just sound like a whiny little child screaming 'why do you like what I don't like!?'   I like physical books. One of the reasons for that is because I like putting them on a bookshelf and having a psychical collection. If you don't like that, I really don't give a flying fuck. You sit over there and play with your kindle and I'll sit over here and enjoy my shelves upon shelves of physical books. Neither of us is better than the other, we just *prefer different things*  You call me a pretentious douche but you're the person that comes off as one. Well done.
&gt; I don't know what the BLS currently reports to be the Unemployment Rate including Discouraged Workers,  U4  The BLS tracks discouraged workers.  U3 is the traditional measure of unemployment, the headline number.  U4 counts discouraged workers.   You can find them, along with other measures of unemployment in [Table A-15. Alternative measures of labor underutilization](http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.t15.htm).   [Adding Discouraged workers to the mix doesn't change the unemployment rate very much](http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/graph/?g=HAV).
"First - yes, take the 2.5%. It could be better, but it's better than many get. Second - choosing from ""a bunch"" can be tough. Start by looking at the expenses for each. Read a bit of the description, if you can't tell your spouse what the fund's goal is, don't buy it."
I'm a little confused on why this article is even on /r/business.     First off, this is a purely opinion piece from someone who seems to have only ever written opinion pieces.  Not to mention gives you a feeling that she's trying to tell her buddies in college how cool she is for being such a hipster.     Second, there's practically nothing that discusses the business of TJ's.  Yes, there's vague mention of it having a strong following and staff that knows the products, but that's about as much as is mentioned.          Seriously, this just seems more than a circlejerk article than anything.  Can we please keep these type of links out of /r/business?
I found some UK personal accounts offer up to 3% interest (no names here, but it is well known bank with red logo). You can take out directors loan from your company, put the cash into that personal account and earn interest. Just don't forget to return this loan before end of financial year, so this interest does not become your dividends.
"&gt;Chesnais declined to describe a lot of details about the console. But he said it is based on PC technology. He said Atari is still working on the design and will reveal it at a later date.  As someone who owned a Alienware Alpha ""Steambox"", I will say if Atari manages to create a low cost, PC based ""game console"" so people can play PC games in a home theater environment, and make it so simple it's just like using a PS4 or XBOX, then I think they stand a good chance at having something."
You are correct. If you get married by December 31, you will file as married for this year (Married Filing Jointly or Married Filing Separately) instead of Single. That could indeed save you some amount of taxes, if your situation is as you described. Some people do plan their date of marriage in such a way to optimize tax savings. Whether your marriage date should be set in such a way is your personal decision.
or just input it in my accounting software along with receipts, and   then when I'm doing taxes this would go under the investment or loses   (is it somewhere along that line)? Yes, this. Generally, for the long term you should have a separate bank account and charge card for your business. I started my business (LLC) by filing online, and paying a fee for a   registration, and that makes it a business cost right? Startup cost. There are special rules about this. Talk to your tax adviser. For the amounts in question you could probably expense it, but verify.
"Sales tactics for permanent insurance policies can get pretty sleazy. Sending home a flier from school is a way for an insurance salesperson to get his/her message out to 800 families without any effort at all, and very little advertising cost (just a ream of paper and some toner). The biggest catchphrases used are the ""just pennies per day"" and ""in case they get (some devastating medical condition) and become uninsurable."" Sure, both are technically true, but are definitely used to trigger the grown ups' insecurities. Having said that (and having been in the financial business for a time, which included selling insurance policies), there is a place for insurance of children. A small amount can be used to offset the loss of income for the parents who may have to take extended time away from work to deal with the event of the loss of their child, and to deal with the costs of funeral and burial. Let's face it, the percentage of families who have a sufficiently large emergency fund is extremely small compared to the overall population. Personally, I have added a child rider to my own (term) insurance policies that covers any/all of my children. It does add some cost to my premiums, but it's a small cost on top of something that is already justifiably in place for myself. One other thing to be aware of: if you're in a group policy (any life insurance where you're automatically accepted without any underwriting process, like through a benefit at work, or some other club or association), the healthy members are subsidizing the unhealthy ones. If you're on the healthy side, you might consider foregoing that policy in favor of getting your own policy through an insurance company of your choice. If you're healthy, it will always be cheaper than the group coverage."
Reddit has always had people paid to shill for nuclear, as did Slashdot before it. I rarely trust these threads to be genuine when there is a mad rush of seemingly well written pro-nuclear arguments instead of the usual mix of meme bullshit and irrational arguments and yelling. Something is just ALWAYS off about these threads.
Vacuum pump oil has been a part of this machinery world since 1866 as a result of an accident while performing different experiments to get distilled kerosene. The minds behind the brilliant discovery were Hiram Bond Everest and Matthew Ewing of America. Later it became one of the most credible standard oils in the oil industry.
"Probably because so many of the BMW douchebase moved into Teslas. Around here you're more likely to get cut off by some douche in a Tesla than a BMW anymore. Seems like Tesla must have offered the battery saving ""blinkerless"" option too."
As I've crunched numbers towards what my family could afford for a down payment (in an area with similar housing costs - don't you hate that high cost of living?), I've come up with the following numbers: We may be missing some area of expenses, but in general I think we are being fairly conservative.  You should consider making a similar list to determine your comfort level. Spend some time with an interest calculator to know the serious pain of each dollar you are paying interest on to a lender. Also know that the bigger your down payment, the more likely the seller is to accept your offer.  It shows you are serious.
&gt; The main purpose of a corporation is to increase shareholders' wealth. Neither the workers, nor the CEO deserve anything from the profits, their pay has already been deducted as an expense.  This is the modern interpretation, yes. It is NOT the correct interpretation.  It used to be that the purpose of a corporation was to CREATE something - a product, a service...The profits were merely an incentive and a method to *continue* to create something. It is when that definition got corrupted that this whole mess started snowballing. Shareholders were supposed to be supporters of this creation - who were then rewarded for risking their money by having it repaid with a 'bonus' percentage of the profits.   Now that everything is ONLY 'for the profit' only, the creators (not the idea person - the actual, physical *creators* of the product or service) that started the whole thing in the first place are getting screwed. And, yes, they DO deserve some of the fruits of *their own* darn work.  Again, I reiterate: attitudes like that are why the economy is in the crapper. When you put profit before all else and run around screaming 'Mine! Mine! Mine!' about them, then you are engaging in the slash-and-burn policies that are the cause of the whole mess.
Since you mention the religion restriction, you should probably look into the stock market or funds investing in it. Owning stock basically means you own a part of a company and benefit from any increase in value the company may have (and 'loose' on decreases, provided you sell your stock) and you also earn dividends over the company's profit. If you do your research properly and buy into stable companies you shouldn't need to bother about temporary market movements or crashes (do pay attention to deterioration on the businesses you own though). When buying stocks you should be aiming for the very long run. As mentioned by Victor, do your research, I recommend you start it by looking into 'value stocks' should you choose that path.
The article John cites says no correlation, but this chart from the article says otherwise;  One sees the rate drop from 14% to 4% and housing rise from an index of 50 to near 190. (reaching over to my TI BA-35 calculator) I see that at 14%, $1000/mo will buy $84,400 worth of mortgage, but at 4%, it will buy $209,500. 2-1/2 times the borrowing power for the same payment. But wait, my friends at West Egg tell me that inflation means I can't compare $1000 in 1980 to the same $1000 in 2010. The $1,000 inflates to $2611 (i.e. an income rising only with inflation, no more) and that can fund a mortgage for $546,900. This is 6.5 times the original borrowing power, yet the housing index 'only' rose 3.8X. See that crazy chart? Housing actually got cheaper from 1980 to the peak. Statistics can say whatever you wish.  Interest rate change drove all the change in housing prices, but not quite as much as it should have.  To answer your question - I expect that when rates rise (and they will) housing prices will take a hit. In today's dollars, a current $1000 borrows (at 4%) nearly $210K, but at 6%, just $167K. If rates took a jump from these record lows, that's the nature of the risk you'd take.
What if you felt you were cheated by the bank?  What if you had something terrible unexpected happen to you financially?  Also a loan is not a promise.  A loan is a contract.  The contract has outs for all parties.  I never understood why people felt a loan was a promise.  Many people were sold home mortgages that they did not understand.  Of course it is their fault for not understanding what they were getting into.
"The ""Home Affordable Refinance Program"" is finally able to help folks restructure and lower their monthly payments. Financially savvy homeowners are actively planning to accelerate their payments and shave years off the mortgage. Regardless of how the homeowner chooses to use the monthly savings, the reality is that every penny saved is definitely a penny earned."
10 dollars at Taco Bell is basically unlimited food. You finish that crunch wrap and two tacos and remember you got a chicken chalupa, all while sipping on the Dew of Mountains.   Side note is that what Mt Dew supposed to taste like?
From the description, you have a post-1998 income contingent loan. The interest rate on those is currently 1.5% but it has varied quite a bit in the last few years due to the formula used to calculate it, which is either the inflation rate (RPI), or 1% + the highest base rate across a group of banks - whichever is smaller. This is indeed really cheap credit compared to any commercial loan you could get, though whether you should indeed just repay the minimum depends on making a proper comparison with the return on any spare money you could get after tax elsewhere. There is a table of previous interest rates. From your description I think you've had the loan for about 4 years - your final year of uni, one year of working without repayments and then two years of repayments. A very rough estimate is that you would have been charged about £300 of interest over that period. So there's still an apparent mismatch, though since both you and I made rough calculations it may be that a more precise check resolves it. But the other thing is that you should check what the date on the statement is. Once you start repaying, statements are sent for a period ending 5th April of each year. So you may well not be seeing the effect of several months of repayments since April on the statement. Finally, there's apparently an online facility you can use to get an up to date balance, though the administration of the loans repaid via PAYE is notoriously inefficient so there may well be a significant lag between a payment being made and it being reflected in your balance, though the effect should still be backdated to when you actually made it.
"In an ""efficient"" investment market the amount of risk premium would EXACTLY offset the likelihood of loss, such that over long time frames the expected return on investment would be equal for all investment options.  In practice, we usually see that riskier investments yield a higher long-term return because the risk premium is larger than that ""efficient"" amount. This is because many investors don't have a long-term time horizon, and the pain of loss is greater than the reward of gain (""asymmetric preferences""). It's also important to think about the risk-reward interaction as being PERCEIVED risk to EXPECTED reward.  If I'm lending money to somebody who is likely not to pay me back, I'd want a better deal than if I were lending to somebody who is certain to pay. I think that addresses your confusion, but if I misinterpreted what's puzzling you, please let me know and I"
Is it possible to open a GBP bank account in Pakistan ? Yes, I have one in HBL. Askari and SCB also offer GBP, USD, Yen and Euro Accounts. They might ask for source of income but that shouldn't be a problem. I work in Singapore (should my Salary Slip to open account) and do online remit from my Singapore Account to HBL GBP, the good thing is the exact amount in GBP gets transferred (although I have to tolerate SG Bank's exchange rates) Are there any risks in doing so ? No Risk but caution. If you are a Tax Filer in Pakistan, then you MUST include this account's balance in opening/closing and also mention any remitances receievd in this account under Income and Assets seperately. All money is legit with bank statements of my pay which is between 35K   and 40K per year, am I going to have any trouble at airport as limit   is £7K only Cash carry limit while travelling has nothing to do with FC (Foreign Currency) Account. You should never travel with more than 10K USD in total.
When the market moves significantly, you should rebalance your investments to maintain the diversification ratios you have selected. That means if bonds go up and stocks go down, you sell bonds and buy stocks (to some degree), and vice versa. Sell high to buy low, and remember that over the long run most things regress to the mean.
I am suggesting that, on a macro level, a wage increase of 2% would offset a 1% increase in unemployment.   More spending power equals more demand, and more demand creates jobs. While hard in the short term, Bob's job will come back but with a higher wage.    If your goal is that no one lose their job, capitalism is not the economic system for you.
"Dude you're so full of shit. You're top post starts off with   ""Disclaimer: I am prepared to work my ass off and am glad I chose this career. I am not looking for a 3 day workweek.""  If you're seriously making millions, you wouldn't be getting into medicine.   Stop lying on the internet.   Another of your gems.  ""The lifestyle being unemployed is fantastic! You don't even have to go into work!""  While the rest of your post complain about how you can't pick your specialty or you just cant imagine working long hours."
"Another option is to set up an accoutn with Western Union Bill Payment Solutions, where your customer could go to one of their locations and pay in cash and then the cash is transferred to your account. See ""Walk in Cash Payments"" on their site."
Section 8 housing, at least these days, is a scam meant to funnel poor and 'undesirables' into shitty areas and shitty housing away from the wealthy affluent areas that have decent jobs and services. Int he 70s people on assistance, which includes lots of minorities, were entering into middle-class or better white neighborhoods and making racists and classists angry. So then they decided people on section 8 were spending too much money on rent and instead moved them to cheaper section 8 housing blocks. Of course areas purposefully concentrated with people all on government assistance would never flourish economically, but it does make the surrounding land cheaper, thus you can build and cram even more section 8 people into that area and get paid by the government to do it.  Unsurprisingly, you don't have a flourishing economy in an area mainly composed of poor people with the cheapest and shittiest housing they can legally make. No businesses want to move there so crime rates go up and desirability keeps going down.
It's as likely as seeing a Marvel Pixar movie, or Mickey Mouse on ESPN. The Walt Disney Company is very very big, composed of strong autonomous units. Asides from the occasional cross-promotion between ABC and ESPN for football and basketball games, there's very little crossover between each of it's respective parts. What's great about being owned by Disney is that you have enough money to do whatever you want.
Investing is good. Insurance when you have something to insure is good. But using a single account for investing and insurance is not so good. You need to determine how much you need to invest for retirement. You also need to determine if you need life insurance. As a single person you might determine that you don't have a great need for life insurance. If you get married, or have kids, your needs may grow. So you will want to revisit your decisions every so often. You may need to save for retirement, or setup a college fund. You may need to protect your spouse or children in case you die. It doesn't seem to make sense to invest and insure in a plan with complicated rules, fees and schedules. What happens if in 3 years you need to blow it up and start over? What surrender charges will they hit you with?
If a business tool has a limited lifespan, it's value decreases (depreciates) from year to year. The business can capture that loss of value on some things that it couldn't otherwise write off as expenses. A few tools can be either expenses or depreciated, but only one of those can be chosen for that particular object. This is generally not relevant for individual taxpayers, unless you can show that the item is being used for income-producing purposes.
'Free trade' has been, in my view, a complete disaster.  We keep being told about all the benefits- cheap garbage products- but a guy without a job doesn't really care how cheap goods are.    And rising wages over-seas?  Whenever a country attempts to raise wages the jobs shift to whatever country happens to have the cheapest labor.  It has always been a race to the bottom- a means for those with a lot to get more.
"A number of sites provide delayed option chains online. Yahoo Finance is one example:  I linked to Apple's chain, but to get one yourself, put the ticker you want in the search box, then click the ""options"" link in the sidebar that I called out in the image."
"A few comments here: 1) a degree from an Ivy League school is the most common ""golden ticket"" to an IB job. Ever wonder why kids with psychology degrees are working at GS or JPM investment banking?  2) short of an Ivy League degree, good (not even great) grades are a standard (think 3.3 GPA and above) and network like crazy.  3) have an uncle who works in IB (obviously you have a huge advantage here) and get an internship at his firm.  4) understand what entry level IB entails. Expect long hours (think 7am - 1am), dull work (putting together power point decks, running comp tables, formatting excel sheets), and high pay.  5) understand number 4."
You should look into an LLC.  Its a fairly simple process, and the income simply flows through to your individual return.  It will allow you to deduct supplies and other expenses from that income.  It should also protect you if someone sues you for doing shoddy work (even if the work was fine), although you would need to consult a lawyer to be sure. For last year, it sounds like your taxes were done wrong.  There are very, very few ways that you can end up adding more income and earning less after taxes. I'm tempted to say none, but our tax laws are so complex that I'm sure you can do it somehow.
Private investors as mutual funds are a minority of the market.  Institutional investors make up a substantial portion of the long term holdings.  These include pension funds, insurance companies, and even corporations managing their money, as well as individuals rich enough to actively manage their own investments.   From Business Insider, with some aggregation:   Numbers don't add to 100% because of rounding.  Also, I pulled insurance out of household because it's not household managed.  Another source is the Tax Policy Center, which shows that about 50% of corporate stock is owned by individuals (25%) and individually managed retirement accounts (25%).   Another issue is that household can be a bit confusing.  While some of these may be people choosing stocks and investing their money, this also includes Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOP) and company founders.  For example, Jeff Bezos owns about 17% of Amazon.com according to Wikipedia.  That would show up under household even though that is not an investment account.  Jeff Bezos is not going to sell his company and buy equity in an index fund.   Anyway, the most generous description puts individuals as controlling about half of all stocks.  Even if they switched all of that to index funds, the other half of stocks are still owned by others.  In particular, about 26% is owned by institutional investors that actively manage their portfolios.   In addition, day traders buy and sell stocks on a daily basis, not appearing in these numbers.  Both active institutional investors and day traders would hop on misvalued stocks, either shorting the overvalued or buying the undervalued.   It doesn't take that much of the market to control prices, so long as it is the active trading market.  The passive market doesn't make frequent trades.  They usually only need to buy or sell as money is invested or withdrawn.  So while they dominate the ownership stake numbers, they are much lower on the trading volume numbers.   TL;DR:  there is more than enough active investment by organizations or individuals who would not switch to index funds to offset those that do.  Unless that changes, this is not a big issue.
No. Such companies don't exist. Derivative instruments have evolved over a period and there is a market place, stock exchange with members / broker with obligations etc clearly laid out and enforceable. If I understand correctly say the house is at 300 K. You would like a option to sell it to someone for 300 K after 6 months. Lets say you are ready to pay a premium of 10K for this option. After 6 months, if the market price is 400 K you would not exercise the option and if the market price of your house is 200 K you would exercise the option and ask the option writer to buy your house for 300 K. There are quite a few challenges, i.e. who will moderate this transaction. How do we arrive that house is valued at 300K. There could be actions taken by you to damage the property and hence its reduction in value, etc. i.e. A stock exchange like market place for house is not there and it may or may not develop in future.
It sounds like you're mixing a simple checkbook register with double-entry bookkeeping. Do you need a double-entry level of rigor? Otherwise, why not have two columns, one for income (like a paycheck) and one for expenses (like paying a cable bill)?  Then add up both columns and then take the difference of the sums to get your increase or decrease for the time period. If you want to break up income and expenses further, then you can do that too.
Other people lie to the companies about how many miles they drive, so they can't take the mileage figures literally.   You aren't specifying whether you want liability only, or more-comprehensive insurance.  Stuff happens when you aren't driving.  Cars get stolen.  Other drivers hit parked cars and leave.  Trees fall on parked cars.   Move to Virginia where insurance is not required.   Just pay $500 a year for not having insurance, and be careful.
Also, how much did Microsoft pay out in dividends during that time? (Another theoretical consideration would be how much other capital they issued, but I don't think they have)  Edit: if you guys are talking about share price during Ballmer's tenure as a metric of performance then you have to consider total return to shareholders. Failure to do so is simply a wrong approach
Don't even remind me of poor CS.  My mom was on the phone for 5 hours yesterday 5 HOURS with Expidia because they messed up on their end. They offered my mom $25 credit but they never emailed it.  After the 5 hours they said that they had no record of the calls and we had to call the air plane company ourselves.  I am never using them again
Theaters make pennies off the tickets if any money at all. Their profits come from the concession stand. If a theater priced their popcorn 50 cents less than a nearby competing theater the few if any customers that notice and seek those small savings would be far less than the losses due to charging less. They compete to get you there: providing better sound systems, seating, screens -- even taking a loss on tickets with special deals (like Tuesday bargains). Once inside profit is made by customers willing to pay the concession price premium, and sour patch kids for 15 cents more isn't going to be a deal breaker.
According to LegalZoom:  If your debtor is unwilling to pay and you know they have the means,   it's time to use your local sheriff. You have three options to   collect: a bank levy, wage garnishment, or a real estate lien. It sounds like you'll need to reach out to your local police/sheriff's department and they can further help you out and get you your money.
I commented about oil in response to u/timothyblomfield. I know way more about oil than any other commodities.   But steel is another heavily scrutinized commodity. All the talk of China importing illegal steel, people losing steel jobs, etc. Commodities become important like this when international politics become involved.
"Bieber has some very smart managers that work for him that use his social status, fan base, and money to invest in growing tech companies looking for the next ""Google."" These managers label his image on these companies and the fan base follows, thus gaining them a profit without having to work too hard to gain customers since Bieber's tweets alone are enough for advertisement."
It really varies based on the stock (volatility is the main determining factor), and whether you are talking about temporary or permanent price impact,  how long you are trading, etc. The below paper fits a functional form to a set of Citigroup data and estimates for a 10% dtv trade in a large cap like IBM the price would move on the order of 30bps. Presumably smallcaps would be more expensive. Their estimate seems a bit low to me but I'm more familiar with futures, so maybe it's not unreasonable  https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;ei=JjDsU_L-CI33yQSh4oKQDA&amp;url=http://www.math.nyu.edu/~almgren/papers/costestim.pdf&amp;cd=3&amp;ved=0CCQQFjAC&amp;usg=AFQjCNGN6LmPb9sHR5dljcJJ2rV4bNE4Jg&amp;sig2=WYhcCUFr8WcRfetA24wXLg
"the easiest thing would be to go to walmart and stock up on 1000$ money orders paying a 70 cents fee for each. your landlord would almost certainly accept money orders, but double check first just in case. i say stock up because you can't get a money order for more than 1000$ and they usually won't let you buy more than 3 per day. alternatively, you can probably open a bank account using your ssn and your passport.  look for any bank offering ""free"" checking, and they should be able to give you a few ""starter"" checks on the spot when you open the account. in any case, they can certainly get you a cashier's check for free or a small fee.  side note: if you want to shop around for a checking account, look for a bank or credit union offering a ""kasasa"" account."
"&gt; I answered all of those questions with specifics.   No you did not answer, and no ""specifics"" from you.  So again:  &gt; Please spoil it for me and tell me how removing illegal aliens does not help the economy.  &gt; Please tell me how NAFTA helped the USA economy.  &gt; Please tell me how TPP will help the USA economy.  &gt; **Please tell me why the stock market is going up, if Trump is ruining the economy.**"
"a link to this article grabbed my Interest as I was browsing the site for something totally unrelated to finance.  Your question is not silly - I'm not a financial expert, but I've been in your situation several times with Carmax Auto Finance (CAF) in particular. A lot of people probably thought you don't understand how financing works - but your Car Loan set up is EXACTLY how CAF Financing works, which I've used several times. Just some background info to anyone else reading this - unlike most other Simple Interest Car Financing, with CAF, they calculate per-diem based on your principal balance, and recalculate it every time you make a payment, regardless of when your actual due date was.  But here's what makes CAF financing particularly fair - when you do make a payment, your per-diem since your last payment accrued X dollars, and that's your interest portion that is subtracted first from your payment (and obviously per-diem goes down faster the more you pay in a payment), and then EVerything else, including Any extra payments you make - goes to Principal. You do not have to specify that the extra payment(S) are principal only. If your payment amount per month is $500 and you give them 11 payments of $500 - the first $500 will have a small portion go to interest accrued since the last payment - depending on the per-diem that was recalculated, and then EVERYTHING ELSE goes to principal and STILL PUSHES YOUR NEXT DUE DATE (I prefer to break up extra payments as precisely the amount due per month, so that my intention is clear - pay the extra as a payment for the next month, and the one after that, etc, and keep pushing my next due date). That last point of pushing your next due date is the key  - not all car financing companies do that. A lot of them will let you pay to principal yes, but you're still due next month. With CAF, you can have your cake, and eat it too. I worked for them in College - I know their financing system in and out, and I've always financed with them for that very reason.  So, back to the question - should you keep the loan alive, albeit for a small amount. My unprofessional answer is yes! Car loans are very powerful in your credit report because they are installment accounts (same as Mortgages, and other accounts that you pay down to 0 and the loan is closed). Credit cards, are revolving accounts, and don't offer as much bang for your money - unless you are savvy in manipulating your card balances - take it up one month, take it down to 0 the next month, etc. I play those games a lot - but I always find mortgage and auto loans make the best impact.  I do exactly what you do myself - I pay off the car down to about $500 (I actually make several small payments each equal to the agreed upon Monthly payment because their system automatically treats that as a payment for the next month due, and the one after that, etc - on top of paying it all to principal as I mentioned).  DO NOT leave a dollar, as another reader mentioned - they have a ""good will"" threshold, I can't remember how much - probably $50, for which they will consider the account paid off, and close it out. So, if your concern is throwing away free money but you still want the account alive, your ""sweet spot"" where you can be sure the loan is not closed, is probably around $100.  BUT....something else important to consider if you decide to go with that strategy of keeping the account alive (which I recommend). In my case, CAF will adjust down your next payment due, if it's less than the principal left. SO, let's say your regular payment is $400 and you only leave a $100, your next payment due is $100 (and it will go up a few cents each month because of the small per-diem), and that is exactly what CAF will report to the credit bureaus as your monthly obligation - which sucks because now your awesome car payment history looks like you've only been paying $100 every month - so, leave something close to one month's payment (yes, the interest accrued will be higher - but I'm not a penny-pincher when the reward is worth it - if you left $400 for 1.5 years at 10% APR - that equates to about $50 interest for that entire time - well worth it in my books. Sorry for rambling a lot, I suck myself into these debates all the time :)"
This is probably more of an /r/AskReddit than a /r/finance question, but whatever.   From the title I was going to tell you to start working on your resume- if a company is having trouble paying wages it is not a good sign. But the text makes it sound like the company's financial health is fine and the HR department is just totally incompetent. Go back to them with a smile on your face and just be polite but persistent until they fix the problem. Ask nicely and they may be able to cut you a check on the spot or pay you out of petty cash.   People screw up repeatedly and it sucks. When your coworkers screw up your priorities should be fixing the problem but also embarrassing them as little as possible in the process.
From India Tax Point of view, your parents can Gift you the money. There is no tax due to this in India for your parents or for you. Transferring the funds out of India is also possible.  Under the Liberalized Remittance Scheme by RBI, one can transfer upto 200,000 USD. Please check with your Bank for the exact paperwork.  Typically PAN and a CA certificate mentioning the relevant clauses and certifying the purpose is required.  Bank may have some more paperwork on its own.
No, it would not show up on the income statement as it isn't income. It would show up in the cash flow statement as a result of financing activities.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.aier.org/blog/social-security-cost-living-adjustment-likely-largest-2011) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; With inflation ticking upward in 2017, retirees are likely to see the largest cost-of-living adjustment in their Social Security benefits since 2011.  &gt; Our forecasted increase for the cost-of-living adjustment would add between $23 and $29 to the average Social Security beneficiary&amp;#039;s monthly check, higher than any adjustment since 2011 but still below the average annual adjustment since 2011 of 2.3 percent.  &gt; The Social Security Administration calculates the cost-of-living adjustment using the Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earners and Clerical Workers.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/75k0hx/social_security_cost_of_living_adjustment_likely/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~225800 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **adjustment**^#1 **percent**^#2 **year**^#3 **CPI-W**^#4 **average**^#5"
"Have you tried registering for social housing?  Rent prices through social housing are typically cheaper than on the free market.  You might be able to jump to the front of the waiting list due to your wife's unexpected handicap.  See this link: http://www.rijksoverheid.nl/onderwerpen/huurwoning/sociale-huurwoning-huren To more directly answer your question: I don't think there is any limitation on how your family needs to get the money to lend it to you.  They could lookinto a personal loan (persoonlijke lening), but they might not be able to borrow enough.  The Netherlands does not have a direct equivalent of a Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC), but your family could potentially get a second mortgage (tweede hypotheek) on their house in order to get the money to lend you. However, be aware that this is a very risky endeavor.  There are lots of unknowns that could leave you unable to pay or your family unable to pay.  Receiving the money as a gift with the intention to repay it but no formal agreement in place may also leave you and your family in a difficult position.  I would encourage you to visit a mortgage advisor together to discuss scenarios. Note that one possible option you may want to explore is a ""family mortgage"" (familiehypotheek).  This is just a fancy way of saying that your family can act as (one of) your mortgage lenders.  You and your family must comply with all relevant rules and regulations to do this, including them charging you interest and them reporting certain things to the tax authorities.  Vereniging Eigen Huis has details on how to set such a mortgage up and how to manage the required reporting: https://www.eigenhuis.nl/webwinkel/hypotheekservice/familiehypotheek/"
It used to be quite easy for students to get credit cards. When I was in college in the early 1980s, credit card companies set up tables in the student center and offered low-limit cards along with free t-shirts on an almost daily schedule. The Credit CARD Act of 2009 made this much more difficult for banks. If you have a bank or credit union account, the first thing I would do is talk to them about getting a card. Some banks offer a VISA Student Card specifically for college students. My daughter was able to get one when she turned 18, just before starting college. The credit limit is very low ($200 for freshmen, increasing each year until the limit is $500 during senior year). After graduation, it converts to a regular VISA account with a limit that depends on post-graduation income and the now established 4 years of credit history. The VISA web site has a list of banks offering this type of card. Now I will give you the same unsolicited advice I gave my daughter, and the same advice I think most others here would give you. For building credit, this kind of card is excellent, but you should still use it very sparingly, and pay off the balance every month. Make it a hard rule to never pay interest on a credit card bill. I told her to charge perhaps one or two purchases totaling no more than $25-$50 each month, and pay them off as soon as the statement arrives. This is much easier if you have a deposit account at the same bank, since you will be able to pay the bill instantly on line. Have your employer direct deposit your paychecks into that bank account, if at all possible.
Etiquette doesn't really come into the picture here. The business offers a service and I choose to accept it. Personally, I use my debit card as much as possible. For every transaction, I record it in my checkbook. Then, when I do reconciling, I know exactly how much I paid for various categories of stuff. Good for budgeting. Most often my purchases are over $10 but when they aren't, I have no qualms about using the card.
Where I live, the delivery people are so bad they just leave super expensive packages on the stoop/porch. It is very risky to have anything of value ordered to an address in my neighborhood.  Amazon Key solves that problem, and probably has enough insurance if anything goes wrong. What is your issue with it?
Without knowing the specifics it is hard to give you a specific answer, but most likely the answer is no. If they limit the participation in the site to accredited investors, this is probably not something they are doing willingly, but rather imposed by regulators. Acredited investors have access to instruments that don't have the same level of regulatory protection & scrutiny as those offered to the general public, and are defined under Regulation D.  Examples of such securities are 144A Shares, or hedgefunds.
In my mind its not the same.   If growth is stock value then this is incorrect because of compound interest in stock price. $100 stock price after one year would be $105 and a dividend would be $2 Next year the stock would be  $110.20 (Compound Interest) and would the Dividend really go up in lock step with the stock price? Well probably not, but if it did then maybe you could call it the same. Even if the dollars are the same the growth rate is more variable than the dividends so its valuable to segregate the two. I am open to criticism, my answer is based on my personal experience and would love to hear contrary positions on this.
Have you tried others on Wikipedia's list?
There is no more US supplier for most industrial commodity and consumer goods.  for eg. I want to see how pentagon buys printer and printer's ink.  Or imagine price of computer if pentagon has to buy every component american. (eg. there is no more US screen maker.)  essentially, Pentagon will have to go back to 80's technology.
It depends on the finances involved, but particularly if you're not billing anything right now and may have no revenue this year, it's probably a good idea to bill his company. This is in part because some deductions or other tax treatments are only allowed if you have revenue and/or income.  The biggest example I can think of is the Solo 401k - you can only contribute up to your self employed income.  If you're planning to contribute to one (and you should, they're amazingly powerful tools for saving for retirement and for reducing your tax burden), you will have to have some revenue in order to have something to pay yourself with. I don't believe you have to charge him, though, if it makes more tax sense not to (for example, if his business is operating at a loss and cannot benefit from expensing it, but you'd then have to pay taxes on your own income from it).
I don't think the location of the funds is any of your concern. You're buying a CDI, which is: Australian financial instruments The US has no jurisdiction over you, being you an Australian, so unless you own a US-based asset (i.e.: a real-estate in the US, or a US brokerage account), US tax laws shouldn't matter to you.
They make money off you by increasing the spread you buy and sell your stocks through them.  So for example, if the normal spread for a stock was $10.00 for a buy and $10.02 for a sell, they might have a spread of $9.98 for the buy and $10.02 for the sell. So for an order of 1000 shares (approx. $10000) they would make $0.02 per share which would equal $20.00.
He's comfortably middle class, but not wealthy. The Tesla was purchased in a multi-owner shared arrangement, and the solar panels were installed by a company that supplies the capital for the panels with a long-term agreement to supply power to the homeowner and takes care of the more complex business agreements to feed back power to the grid. The situation on paper looks like  a long term break even - but we'll have to see.  Overall, even if he's paying a bit more in electric cost, the arrangement gives a lot of stability in exchange.  To me it's clear that going electric car + renewable electric is a long-term good on the principle of becoming nationally independent from geopolitical enganglements, but also more towards becoming individually independent in terms of being isolated from instability in gas prices, utility prices, and even in times of natural disaster.
"Their definition of a brand ""disappearing"" is extremely weak.  It just has to meet one of these criteria:  * a rapid fall-off in sales and steep losses; * disclosures by the parent of the brand that it might go out of business; * rapidly rising costs that are extremely unlikely to be recouped through higher prices; * companies that are sold; * companies that go into bankruptcy; * companies that have lost the great majority of their customers; or * operations with rapidly withering market share.  By that definition a brand like MySpace has ""disappeared"" in each of the last four years.  In fact, they just put Myspace on their list last year and marked it as one of the companies they correctly predicted because it was sold."
"I doubt it's a scam. It would be extremely difficult (if not impossible) to pay someone money using PayPal and end up getting more than you paid back. PayPal doesn't have the concept of ""pulling"" money without the owner of the account signing up for a subscription. Otherwise the owner must ""push"" the payment to the recipient. So, it is very likely that someone simply mistyped an email address which happens to be an alias of yours (since the periods are optional in gmail addresses). As for what to do, I think you've already done the right thing by contacting both PayPal and the sender."
"Keep in mind this is an opinion piece. The Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA) would have indemnified Argentina from virtually all of these suits. FISA lets sovereigns opt out of its protections, which Argentina did. Argentina waived immunity from suit in New York state or federal court and its immunity from the attachment of its assets within the US to satisfy a judgement.   In this particular case, it also agreed this issuance of debt would ""rank *pari passu* [with its other debt obligations] and ***without any preference among themselves***"" (emphasis added) (1994 Bondholder Agreement). This is the clause the court used when deciding whether Argentina could pay some bondholders and not others. It is fairly unambiguous that bondholders are all on equal footing. It also added that these debt obligations would rank at least equally with Argentina's other unsecured debt.   This was not a coincidence. By issuing in New York and subjecting itself to New York/US law, Argentina was able to obtain a *much* more favorable borrowing rate. Argentina was the drafter of the debt agreement where it promised to treat all borrowers the same, and it was the party who waived its immunities inherent under US law. It benefited greatly from the substantially lower borrowing costs it enjoyed by doing so.   Because Argentina waived its sovereign immunities, the court looked to the language in the contract. It states the debt will all be treated the same, and will be subject to NY/US law. It is hard to say it is ""unfair"" for a New York court to enforce a contract Argentina wrote and then subjected itself to New York jurisdiction/law.   NOTE: Three US government agencies sided with Argentina (Justice, State, Treasury), claiming FSIA should at least partially apply regardless of waiver. They made mostly policy arguments about how sovereigns should enjoy at least partial immunity. Argentina's debt contract was very liberal with its waiver of sovereign immunity, so it is not surprising the court looked to the actual contract when deciding what rights bondholders have."
"This reminds me of what Digg did when they tried to force ads on to users and displaced part of the social aspect of Digg.  The users left in droves.  I'm sure they were thinking ""surely all these eyeballs must be worth a fortune!""  They in fact were not.  Social websites will likely never be big business.  As soon as they try to fully monetize it all falls apart.  They all think they can get the same ARPU as Google.  They can't.  There is one Google.  There is only one company that arrived first at the full-scale realization that during a search is the best possible time to place an ad.  When the primary interaction sought is social then every ad simply gets in the way.  And that friction builds as the company tries harder and harder to inject the ads between the user and the social.  Having said that, Facebook can do fine.  They will likely make enough money to keep the servers running.  They'll just likely never see Google level ARPU."
Let me start out by saying I know your pain. One of the most important things to do is have the basics in stock in your larder. They are the sorts of things that keep well, and you can make great simple meals from them whenever, without having to worry about them going off in a matter of days.  A simple inventory like this - http://www.thesimpledollar.com/2006/12/06/the-well-stocked-kitchen-staple-foods-you-should-always-have-on-hand/ - can make a big difference. (This list is good, but check the comments for additional suggestions. There are a few extras that commenters reckon you should have and I think they are right - I certainly have more than just what's on that list.) And remember - frozen veg may or may not be as nutritious as fresh, but they are better than nothing.
Sure. But this wasn't the big secret you think. What's happening now is a result of (finally) a tougher line on corruption in Brazil. Remember Brazil is a country about 50 years behind the most developed countries in the world; the countries with the lowest corruption rates.
"&gt; A better solution would be in invest in education and training so that you reduce the number of unskilled, low wage workers  When everybody's ""skilled"", the bar for skilled workers go up.  Used to be if you have a college degree you're set for a good job after graduation.  Now everybody and their grandma has college degrees and they're just starting to find out that a large portion of those are essentially worthless when it comes to getting them well-paying jobs."
Bleh, most designers overwork what is a simple task.  Wordpress, a theme and some tweaking cost almost nothing.  I worked at a design shop they would charge a few grand a few landing pages that didn't convert.  They were nice quality, clean code but were crap for interacting with a customer.
"&gt;All you have to do is survey the main cast of characters in finance and politics to assess the generational culpability. Dimon, Blankfein, Geithner - all Gen X.   **Ummm, excuse me?  But you're so full of SHIT it's coming out your ears.**  [Baby Boom: ~1946.. ~1964](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baby_boom_in_the_United_States#Definition_of_the_boom_years)  [Generation X: ~1964/65..~1982](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generation_X#Date_range)  **And as to your specific ""cast of characters"":**  * [Jamie Dimon, born **1956**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamie_Dimon) -- BOOMER.  * [Lloyd Blankfein, born **1954**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lloyd_Blankfein) -- BOOMER  * [Timothy Geithner, born **1961**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy_Geithner) -- BOOMER  Shall we go on?  * [Bill Clinton, born **1946**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Jefferson_%22Bill%22_Clinton) -- BOOMER  * [George W. Bush, born **1946**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_w_bush) -- BOOMER  * [Barack Obama, born **1961**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barack_Obama) -- BOOMER  and of course...  * [Ben Bernanke, born **1953**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ben_Bernanke) -- BOOMER  Heck, let's even throw in...  * [Paul Krugman, born **1953**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Krugman) -- BOOMER  * [Larry Summers, born **1954**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Summers) -- BOOMER  ...and the list goes ON and ON (and the culprits are ALL Baby Boomers).   ---  You're right... Gen X wasn't ""raped"" -- Gen X was ""molested and abused in every way possible"" by it's older Baby Boomer  siblings (who were EVER only concerned with ""getting off"" themselves -- hence they appropriately were called the ""me, Me, ME"" generation their entire live).  And of course, nothing in that generation has changed -- they are STILL in charge, and are now ""molesting and abusing"" the NEXT generations -- their own children &amp; grandchildren in Gen Y (and the still literal children of Gen Z, many of whom have yet to even be born)."
"&gt;eroding the 40-hour work week  Ha.  Ha.  Ha.  I made a Reddit post about the transformation from 9-5 into 9-6 once, and the responses basically indicate that the 40-hour work-week has been thoroughly eroded and mostly eliminated for a while.  Nowadays, either you ""get"" 32 hours/week at the low end so your employer can avoid giving you benefits, or you work more than 40 hours/week.  We need labor unions back."
"I appreciate your perspective, but I think it's fairly obvious that the ""made with 100% chicken"" thing is intended to hornswaggle, in some small way, consumers who aren't carefully evaluating food labels. There ain't no such thing as a crazy 50% chicken/turkey hybrid bird that could have contributed its meat to your chicken nuggets. If a thing is made with any chicken at all, then at some level it is ""made with 100% chicken."" Clearly we know the food manufacturer would prefer to say ""made with 100% chicken"" rather than ""made with chicken"" because while both are legal and both completely technically accurate, the former is the one that is used. The fact that they want to use it means that they are probably hoping people misinterpret the 100% to mean something it doesn't, because the 100% actually stands for nothing. The alternative to 100% is a logical impossibility."
f you want to start any web design franchise, your search ends with the eMerchant. You only have to get the clients from your region and the expert service will be provided by us. You will always get our sales and marketing support. You can make an adept use of our brand name to extend your franchise business.
This was my exact thought when I first heard. It just sounds like inflation to me &amp; I don't understand the logic. If everyone on average gets say...a ~3% boost on their score, why wouldn't banks just adjust their standards by 3%?
Yes. However, I have little experience with that either, I have never finished anything of note. I know that I would be steamrolled by even writers of fanfiction. I compare my pretensions to a professional writer to that of a teen in his bedroom becoming a successful rockstar.
I saw lots of them out in NM a handful of years back.  They looked great on paper, but I'm not sure they'd really hold up.  Especially in some areas with more extreme weather.  Plus, I'm a pig and like my electricity.
You must be rich. My condo was $98K. I paid about $2200 in mortgage interest last year. I opted to take the standard deduction instead. I make $80K a year and I cant even benefit from this deduction. It is really frustrating. I'm 30 with no kids and unmarried because I can't afford anything. Maybe when I'm 40 I can think about starting a family. If I'm lucky.
You would be surprised at how little coordination there is in some large companies.  I remember when the Walmart store that I used to work at sent a company in to install these new electric hand dryers in the restrooms.  Then, two weeks later, they started a complete remodel on the restrooms, ripping out the hand dryers that had just been installed.  Clearly, someone knew that hand dryers were going to be installed, and someone knew that the restrooms were going to be renovated.  But I imagine that the two parties never spoke to each other.
Depends.  New York offices likely Target ivy league, but I was in the Midwest and not Chicago, so they were more focused on the prestigious schools in their market.  The higher name the firm, and the more desirable the location, the more likely they target who you mention.  For the remaining firms, they most often have relationships with local programs that they use to recruit and hire.  How those relationships build can be name recognition like the ivy leagues, or on other factors
"I think you're thinking that ""in debt"" doesn't just mean ""owes a debt"" but somehow means ""owes more debt in total than the assets"". That condition, owing money without offsetting assets, is ""having a negative net worth"". If you have a mortgage then you have a debt and you are in debt. You may have a positive net worth, if you have equity in the house and your car and such like, and have cash in the bank. You may have a negative net worth if you owe more than you own. But either way you are technically in debt. Knowing that, it's not surprising that 75% of Americans are in debt. It's surprising that 25% are not. They have no credit card, no car loan, no mortgage, no line of credit, no student loans. Is it because they've paid all that off? Or because they are deadly poor and own nothing and can't be lent anything? You can't just say it's bad to have debt. It's bad to have too much debt, to have a negative net worth, to be in the habit of borrowing to finance a lifestyle you can't actually afford, and so on. But it's perfectly normal to have a debt or two. That's how our system mostly works."
Kids Electric Car is a leading supplier and exporter of ride on cars for children with a wide range of kid’s electric ride-on toy cars with 4v, 6v, 12v and 24v electric cars. We have been supplying high quality, durable and latest model licensed ride on car for kids since 2005. Our aim is to provide wholesalers with safe and long-lasting cars for children to enjoy. http://www.rideoncar.cn/products/ride-on-cars
I get paid a 50 cents more at my second job than my day job, and at the end of the week my take home pay from the latter is $20 higher. Thats a bullshit argument. $5 per hour is a lot of money, especially considering that a lot of people have been living paycheck to paycheck throughout Obamas never ending recovery.  What makes a postman's hours $5 more valuable than a FedEx employee? By every measure, FedEx is a more productive and efficient entity than the US Postal Service. So why is the postman worth more? I'll tell you exactly why.  The FedEx employee's compensation is needs based. FedEx does a certain amount of business, which requires a certain amount of labor, which commands a certain price in the labor market. FedEx does not pay more for labor than it has to, because FedEx must be an efficient organization to meet its customers price expectations.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Postal_Service  The Postman's compensation is arbitrary, set by government officials with no direct accountability to customers. Because they know jack shit about logistics, Congress has mandated that the Postal Service offer services to the public at uniform price and quality. As such, it has continuously failed to manage its budget properly, to the tune of $5 to $10 billion dollar deficiets every year with a total mail volume that has declined 29% between 1998 and 2008.  Why does the Postal Service exist? Because it makes your congressman feel good, and he's more than willing to burn your money on the pyre of his sentimentality and false morilization over the massive, arbitrarily created vested interest postal employees have in losing their above average pay hack jobs than for any dedication you percieve he has to the welfare of his constituents.  If you want me to run down why I believe our government is not acting in our own personal best interests, the postal service is the perfect place to start.
"I am but one man but here's my ""use-case"":  I setup my Alexa Dot in the kitchen/living room area and use it most for:  - Asking it to play whatever I feel like listening to without fumbling over my phone with chicken hands - Asking it to set a variety of timers for whatever might be baking/cooking etc. - Keeping track of my grocery list as I inevitably run out of something mid-meal prep. - I often ask it do do simple math I can't be bothered with, or unit conversions   Of course, there are most certainly other solutions to this but it just seemed like a simple one to some of my ""problems"". It's a nicety, of course not a necessity... I just like it.  *Disclaimer* I'm extremely lazy and MOST of the time if I have to pause what I'm doing/drop what I'm holding, to reach for my cellphone or a paper list, I just wont.  But like you said, to each their own!"
For the variegated requirements of our respected clients, we are engaged in providing Domestic RO Membrane in India that comprises several thin layers or sheets of film that are bonded together and rolled in a spiral configuration around a plastic tube. Our offered products are utilized in RO systems to remove dust particles and other impurities from water. Domestic RO Membrane in India Our entire range of Domestic RO Membrane is precisely designed in accordance with market norms. Along with that, these are highly acknowledged in the market for its perfect design, hassle free performance, less maintenance and durability.
&gt; CO2 emissions have very little to do with temperature increases. Ocean acidification is bogus.  Wow, I don't think I've seen anyone abandon their argument under serious challenge and present a new position either so quickly or blatantly.
Money aside, if there is career growth I say yes.   I moved out to Maryland years ago for my first job as well, some of the suburbs are pretty nice.  Learn how to cook the basics. That is where you will save money.
You can limit the value of your checking account tied to paypal by not putting money in that account. In fact, you should always limit the balance in your checking account to what you plan to spend, plus a reasonable buffer. Anything you have above and being that should be in separate accounts (both to minimize exposure as well as maximize your interest earned).
There were several incidences of cash shortages in the Danish system recently. On particular saturdays when the streets were bloated with shoppers, you could see the queues for the ATMs stretching for 40-50 yards, and people shaking their heads about why their cards didnt work in the shops.  They have a separate national system to visa called Dankort which everyone is very proud of. But it is curiously prone to failures from time to time. Large cash transactions (over 10,000 DKK) are monitored and questioned verbally when withdrawn or deposited in banks. Interesting also how Danish banks are the most heavily leveraged in Europe...
And on the last sentence, it doesn't matter when or where the money was earned (money is fungible, so there's generally not even any way to tell), but you do have to have sufficient earned income (that's basically money you earn from working, not from dividends and interest or selling stock and the like) in the contribution year to cover the IRA contribution.
Some highly pessimistic things worth noting to go alongside all the stability and tax break upside that homes generally provide: Negative equity is no joke and basically the only thing that bankrupts the middle classes consistently en masse. The UK is at the end of a huge housing bull run where rents are extremely cheap relative to buying (often in the 1% range within the M25), Brexit is looming and interest rates could well sky rocket with inflation. Borrowing ~500k to buy a highly illiquid asset you might have to fire sale in case of emergency/job loss etc for 300k in a few years when lots of (relatively) cheap rental housing is available to rent risk free, could be argued to be a highly lopsided and dangerous bet vs the alternatives. Locking in 'preferential' mortgage rates can be a huge trap: low interest rates generally increase asset values. If/when they rise, assets fall in value as the demand shrinks, making you highly exposed to huge losses if you need to sell before it is paid off. In the case of housing this can be exceptionally vicious as the liquidity dramatically dries up during falls, meaning fire sales become much more severe than they are for more liquid assets like stock.  Weirdly and unlike most products, people tend to buy the very best house they can get leverage for, rather than work out what they need/want and finding the best value equivalent. If a bank will lend you £20 a day to buy lunch, and you can just afford to pay it, do you hunt out the very best £20 lunch you can every day, or do you make some solid compromises so you can save money for other things etc? You seem to be hunting very close to the absolute peak amount you can spend on these numbers. Related to above, at that level of mortgage/salary you have very little margin for error if either of you lose jobs etc.  Houses are much more expensive to maintain/trade than most people think. You spend ~2-5% every time you buy and sell, and you can easily spend 2-20k+ a year depending what happens just keeping the thing watertight, paid for, liveable and staying up. You need to factor this in and be pessimistic when you do.  Most people don't factor in these costs to the apparent 'index' rise in house values and what they expect to sell for in x years. In reality no buy and hold investor can ever realise even close to the quoted house price returns as they are basically stocks you have to pay 5% each time you buy or sell and then 1-20% percent a year to own - they have to rise dramatically over time for you to even break even after all the costs.  In general you should buy homes to make memories, not money, and to buy them at prices that don't cause you sleepless nights in case of disasters.
The details of the DJIA methodology is outlined in the official methodology document on their website.  In addition, you will need their index mathematics document, which gives the nitty-gritty details of any type of adjustments that must be made. Between the two you should have the complete picture in as fine a detail as you want, including exactly what is done in response to various corporate actions like splits and structural changes.
Nope. Both the Nexus 4 and the Motorola Moto E do not have a consumer replaceable battery, unfortunately. While this did concern me in regard to my Nexus 4, obviously it wasn't an issue as my stupid butter fingers rendered the phone inoperable before battery life was reduced to a point where I needed to replace it. With the Moto E, since it was only $129 I suppose I don't mind that I'll most likely just replace the phone after several years regardless of the battery.
While it may not be your preferred outcome, and doesn't eliminate the income, in the event you find yourself in the path described here you have a way to defer gains to the future. but I would then want to buy another house as a rental If you sell this house and buy another investment property (within strict time windows: 45 days to written contract and closed in 180 days),  you can transfer your basis and defer your gains via what is called a 1031 like-kind exchange
&gt; So, why are you against Trump?  I've answered almost all your questions up until this point.  How about you answer my two?  1) [Did President Trump say he thought Medicare Part-D should use its market share to negotiate drug prices, enter a room with executives from the pharmaceutical industry, and then come out saying he now opposed Medicare doing so](http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-trump-drug-costs-20170202-story.html)?  Yes or no?  2) Has President Trump created, championed, or even backed any policy that would require the United States to take active steps to prepare for the upcoming problems caused by global warming?  Yes or no?
The cost of the popcorn is simply the hidden extension of the price the consumer pays for the movie ticket. Similar to the tips in the restaurant. And movie theaters do not compete by lowering the unit price. Instead to maintain the revenue per customer they try to offer more value - bigger screen, better sound, more comfortable seats, etc. That is why the price of the popcorn just like the price of the ticket itself does not go down in the competitive market.
Your best bet would be to find an independent Property and Casualty Insurance agent and buy through him/her. Insurance agents make a commission, yes - BUT - the cost to consumer is THE SAME whether you buy through an agent or through directly through the company. Any P&C agent would be happy to run your numbers for you and tell you what the cheapest deal is. Just make sure you find someone who writes for several different large insurers. Obviously, some P&C Insurance agents are slick salesy types, which can get annoying, but if you find someone nice, he or she can help you out at no cost to you (they are paid by the insurance company they place the business with). If you are straightforward with the agent about exactly what your needs, they can get you quotes quickly and save you a lot of time and hassle.
Well, China *will* slow at some point.  Even if it's still growing briskly (4-5%) that drop will shrink global demand for resources.  But $30-40/bbl?  I don't know about that.  I think there's an implied floor to prices now, thanks to some of the places we're getting oil from.  It's simply too expensive.  I know that the oil sands here in Canada are uneconomical below ~$60/bbl.  Such low prices, then, would squeeze supply.  I could see us riding $70-90/bbl for a few years though.
"Note: I am making a USA-assumption here; keep in mind this answer doesn't necessarily apply to all countries (or even states in the USA).  You asked two questions: I'm looking to buy a property. I do not want to take a risk on this   property. Its sole purpose is to provide me with a place to live. How   would I go about hedging against increasing interest rates, to counter   the increasing mortgage costs? To counter increasing interest rates, obtaining a fixed interest rate on a mortgage is the answer, if that's available.  As far as costs for a mortgage, that depends, as mortgages are tied to the value of the property/home.  If you want a place to live, a piece of property, and want to hedge against possible rising interest rates, a fixed mortgage would work for these goals. Ideally I'd like to not lose money on my property, seeing as I will be   borrowing 95% of the property's value. So, I'd like to hedge against   interest rates and falling property prices in order to have a risk   neutral position on my property. Now we have a different issue.  For instance, if someone had opened a fixed mortgage on a home for $500,000, and the housing value plummeted 50% (or more), the person may still have a fixed interest rate protecting the person from higher rates, but that doesn't protect the property value.  In addition to that, if the person needed to move for a job, that person would face a difficult choice: move and sell at a loss, or move and rent and face some complications. Renting is generally a good idea for people who (1) have not determined if they'll be in an area for more than 5-10 years, (2) want the flexibility to move if their living costs rises (which may be an issue if they lose wages), (3) don't want to pay property taxes (varies by state), homeowner's insurance, or maintenance costs, (4) enjoy regular negotiation (something which renters can do before re-signing a lease or looking for a new place to live).  Again, other conditions can apply to people who favor renting, such as someone might enjoy living in one room out of a house rather than a full apartment or a person who likes a ""change of scenes"" and moves from one apartment to another for a fresh perspective, but these are smaller exceptions. But with renting, you have nothing to re-sell and no financial asset so far as a property is concerned (thus why some real estate agents refer to it as ""throwing away money"" which isn't necessarily true, but one should be aware that the money they invest in renting doesn't go into an asset that can be re-sold)."
"The usual rule of thumb is that you should start considering refinance when you can lower the effective interest rate by 1% or more. If you're now paying 4.7% this would mean you should be looking for loans at 3.7% or better to find something that's really worth considering. One exception is if the bank is willing to do an ""in-place refinance"", with no closing costs and no points. Sometimes banks will offer this as a way of retaining customers who would otherwise be tempted to refinance elsewhere. You should still shop around before accepting this kind of offer, to make sure it really is your best option. Most banks offer calculators on their websites that will let you compare your current mortgage to a hypothetical new one. Feed the numbers in, and it can tell you what the difference in payment size will be, how long you need to keep the house before the savings have paid for the closing costs, and what the actual savings will be if you sell the house in any given year (or total savings if you don't sell until after the mortgage is paid off). Remember that In addition to closing costs there are amortization effects. In the early stages of a standard mortgage your money is mostly paying interest; the amount paying down the principal increases over the life of the loan. That's another of the reasons you need to run the calculator; refinancing resets that clock."
Before we were married my wife financed a car at a terrible rate. I think it was around 20%. When trying to refinance it the remaining loan was much larger than the value of the car, so no one was interested in refinancing. I was able to do a balance transfer to a credit card around 10%. This did take on a bit of risk, which almost came up when the car was totaled in an accident. Fortunately the remaining balance was now less than the value of the car, otherwise I would have been stuck with a credit card payment and no vehicle.
Can you isolate the market impact to just the Fed's quantitative easing?  Can you rule out the future economic predictions of low growth and that there are reasons why the Fed has kept rates low and is trying its best to stimulate the economy?  Just something to consider here. The key is to understand what is the greater picture here as well as the question of which stock market index are you looking at that has done so badly.  Some stocks may be down and others may be up so it isn't necessarily bad for all equally.
"If I had to guess (since you provided little information about your loan repayment), I'd guess that you're on the ""Extended"" repayment plan for your $72k loan, and the ""Standard"" plan for your $30k loan. In general, there are 4 main kinds of student loan repayment plans This holds true for federal loans (Direct/Stafford/PLUS). Private loans may not have all of these options, or they may have more. Running your numbers, I get 300 payments of $500/mo at 6.8% interest for a $72,000 loan, and 120 payments of $345/mo at 6.8% interest for a $30,000 loan. Now, to address your issue of interest vs principal, you should notice that each month you pay, the interest payment is slightly lower, and the principal slightly higher. And if you make bi-weekly payments, you'll see that change a LITTLE bit more quickly (slightly smaller balance accruing interest for 14 days of the month) and you'll also pay slightly less over time."
but we were in middle of bashing them... you cant come in here and say they were just cleaning up house.  Dont you know the ratings agencies in concert with all of american's poor encourages them to buy too much house via the CRA, that forced banks to rate mortgage backed securities as triple AAA.  Sorry for that rant but a lot of the same people in here bitching about the rating industry will claim the markets didnt have anything to do with the recession it was all the government and the poor.
If a high mileage car has been thoroughly maintained with a credible service history, there is no reason to discard the vehicle because of a hypothetical future expense.  Considering the low value of the vehicle, it would be prudent to also lower the cost of the repairs.  U.S. car dealerships have a well-known reputation for charging significantly higher repair rates than independent repair shops. Lower the cost of the repairs: brakes can be done at independent shops for half what the dealer quoted.  Sears can install a set of 4 tires on an '04 Accord for $331 out the door.  It makes no financial sense to purchase costly repairs for a low-cost automobile when economical alternatives are available.
I don't see how this is an example of throwing more money at the problem.  I see this as an issue of taking for-profit health insurance providers out of the equation, and making the U.S. government (i.e. the taxpayer) the sole payer for health care services in the United States.  Just like almost every other developed nation does it.
Saw a user in another thread that thought his wealthy grandparents stayed rich because they didn't eat out a lot and kept a budget for basic expenses.  It definitely wasn't their generational wealth and vast real estate holdings.
"Although is not online, I use a standalone version from http://jstock.sourceforge.net It got drag-n-drop boxes, to let me design my own indicators. However, it only contain technical analysis information, not fundamental analysis information. It does come with tutorial http://jstock.sourceforge.net/help_stock_indicator_editor.html#indicator-example, on how to to build an indicator, to screen ""Stock which Its Price Hits Their 14 Days Maximum"""
Your situation may be different if your employer contracts with a different company to manage these benefits (or manages them themselves), but I'll give you my experience. My employer contracts with WageWorks. I log on to the WageWorks site, select commuter options from a predefined list, e.g. public transit passes, gas debit cards, parking passes, etc. and the cost of my choices is automatically deducted from my paycheck each month, up to the limit. WageWorks either sends me whatever I purchased in the mail or reloads the card automatically, and the process continues each month. In my case, I couldn't use this to purchase a ticket for someone else, but I could choose the subway option for myself and let another person use it.
หนังโป๊  ไม่ใช่ว่าในประเทศ ในสังคมใดๆ จะมีการเผยแพร่ตามความต้องการใดๆ ก็ได้ แต่ละประเทศนั้น ย่อมมีกฎหมายที่ปกป้อง ปกปิด และห้ามปราบกันอยู่ เพราะสังคมในแต่ละประเทศนั้น ไม่ได้ยอมรับเรื่องนี้โดยกว้างขวาง และหลากหลาย บางประเทศที่ปกครองด้วยระบบต่างๆ หรือแม้แต่ศาสนา ที่ไม่เหมือนกัน ทำให้เรื่องประเภท หนังโป๊ อิโรติก ไม่ถูกยอมรับกันมากนัก แต่เชื่อเถอะว่า ในทุกประเทศนั้น ย่อมต้องการแพร่ขยายเผ่าพันธุ์ของมนุษยชาติทั้งนั้น ไม่ว่าจะเป็นการปกครองระบบ หรือศาสนาใดๆ ก็ตาม นั่นเพื่อการดำรงอยู่ของมวลมนุษยชาติ  การจะมองว่าเป็นเรื่องที่อนาจาร ก็จะดูพูดได้ไม่เต็มปากซะทีเดียว เมื่อในบางประเทศ ซึ่งเรียกได้เต็มปากเลยว่า เป็นประเทศที่พัฒนาแล้ว กับใช้เรื่องหนังโป๊ ต่างๆเหล่านี้ เป็นการศึกษา เผยแพร่ไปในทางสร้างสรรค์ ไม่ว่าจะเป็นการคุมกำเนิด กับบางครอบครัวที่มีลูกมาก จนเลี้ยงไม่ไหว ประชากรบางประเทศ เพิ่มมากขึ้นสวนทางกับเศรษฐกิจและขนาดของประเทศ รวมไปถึงคุณภาพของประชากร ที่ด้อยลง สิ่งต่างๆเหล่านี้ ควรศึกษาไว้เพื่อที่จะแก้ปัญหาต่างๆ ไม่ใช่แค่คิดว่ามันเป็นแค่เรื่องลามกอนาจารทั่วไป ถ้าจะมองเหล่านั้น มันก็เปรียบเสมือนการเรียนวิชา สุขศึกษาทั่วไปนี่เอง เพราะเรื่องเหล่านี้ ต้องเป็นที่แพร่หลาย ทั้งการให้ความรู้เรื่องคุมกำเนิด รวมไปถึงโรคติดต่อต่างๆ ที่ถูกแฝงมากับเพศสัมพันธ์ต่างๆ ซึ่งแน่นอนว่า สิ่งต่างๆเหล่านี้ เมื่อมันเกิดขึ้น และระบาด หากไม่มีความรู้เท่าทัน กับสิ่งที่มันจะเกิดขึ้นนั้น ย่อมยากที่จะรักษา อะไรที่ควรป้องกันได้ก็ควรที่จะป้องกันการเกิดปัญหาไว้ก่อน หนังโป๊ บางเรื่องอาจจะเห็นได้ชัด มีการป้องการโรคติดต่อต่างๆ ทางเพศสัมพันธ์ โดยการใส่ถุงยางอนามัย แทบจะน้อยมากที่เราจะไม่เห็น เพราะการผลิตอุตสาหกรรมหนังเหล่านี้นั้น ผู้ผลิตบางที่ก็แฝงแง่คิดให้เห็น และให้คนตระหนักถึงความสำคัญ ทั้งการติดต่อทางเพศสัมพันธ์ หรือว่าจะเป็นการป้องกันการคุมกำเนิด ที่เราไม่ได้ตั้งใจให้มีขึ้นมา ซึ้งจะเห็นได้เยอะจากสังคมปัจจุบันในบางประเทศ ที่ไม่มีการให้ความรู้และการยอมรับในสังคมมากนัก จึงมีการเกิดของประชากรก่อนวัยอันควรเป็นจำนวนมาก ดังนั้น เราน่าจะให้ความสำคัญกับสิ่งเหล่านี้ แฝงในหนัง มากกว่าจะใช้เพื่อกระตุ้นทางเพศเท่านั้นเอง  ใช่ว่าเรื่องเหล่านี้จะถูกยอมรับไปเสียหมด บางสังคมนั้นยังหัวโบราณกัน และในบางประเทศก็ไม่ได้ถูกได้ยอมรับให้เผยแพร่หนังโป๊ ได้ทั่วไป ซึ่งยิ่งกฎหมายประเทศไหนที่มีความผิดรุนแรง ผู้ผลิตหรือเผยแพร่ ก็ได้รับโทษหนักกันด้วยเช่นกัน ใช่ว่าจะโทษแต่ ผู้ผลิตหรือผู้เผยแพร่อย่างเดียว องค์ประกอบหลายๆอย่าง มันก็มิได้ถูกมองว่าหนังโป๊ เป็นสิ่งที่ผิด หรือเลวร้าย มันอยู่ที่มุมมอง กับการใช้สติปัญญาในการเสพสื่อเหล่านี้ คนที่ดูเพื่อเป็นประโยชน์ ไม่ได้เกิดโทษต่อผู้อื่น ก็ไม่เป็นไร แต่สังคมมักจะเหมารวม ว่าคนเหล่านั้นผิด โดยที่ไม่ศึกษาข้อมูลต่างๆอะไรเลย http://www.24hrseed.com/
Today Richard Steggall runs Urban FT, Inc., that is acknowledged as the superior and one among the fastest developing providers of Digital Banking solutions to around 80 Community and Regional Banks as well as Credit Unions in the United States, and plenty of international brands. He is one of the members of the Young Entrepreneur Council.
Their argument is that what Amazon is doing may have monopolistic effects, allowing them to charge more for shittier food thanks to reduced competition.  I don't agree in this case, but it is true that monopolies are anti-competitive in nature which hinders innovation and hurts customers. That's why antitrust regulation exists, to allow competition.
This is more anecdata in support of an interesting point: most of the wealthy are no smarter than rhe average dumbass, and just as susceptible to hysterical demagoguery. If Obama had raised taxes on the wealthy - Congress made that inpossible - the rates would have gone up to where they were under Clinton, or during the mid-Reagan years, both times during which the wealthy did very well indeed.  Also, it could be that most jewelry store customers were nouveau riche barely hanging on anyway, or just inept wealth funded by home-equity loans and Ponzi debt. Many of those poseurs were hitting the day of reckoning around 2008-2009, due to the evaporation of bubble housing wealth; Obama would have made a nice scapegoat for their own financial ineptitude.
"normally getting seated next to a particular guest at a particular dinner isn't described as ""privilege"", and it's not idiosyncratic to call that ""luck""  edit: i don't mean to be pedantic. rather, you seem to really be trying to whitewash, minimize, and explain away the luck. another example: ""made his path to success easier"" as if that path was guaranteed, but more difficult, absent his luck. i don't think he himself would agree with that."
Please built out our sales process, develop sales enablement materials, lead generation techniques, and account/target lists and we'll *maybe throw a few percent commission your way for the trouble*.   businesses like this also tend to suffer from the classic dogwood problem  Edit: dog food problem
If I do not have anyone in my car I am not getting paid. If I am not getting paid I am not working. It really is that simple. When you deliver packages you are getting paid to drive in between all points involved. FedEx drivers aren't insured on their way to work.
"It's actually quite refreshing to see someone lay part of their biases on the table when we would otherwise have to infer from their statements. One of the reasons I like blogs is because once I've mostly figured someone out I don't have to wonder about figuring out the biases of the authors.  -Someone who holds positions that seem to be rather correlated to those of a ""small l"" libertarian."
&gt; An aging population with a massive segment of the population preparing to retire and begin collecting social security for an average of 13 years each (benefits begin at 65, average life expectancy is 78).  Population is growing through immigration, this is a non-issue.   &gt;Staggering levels of national debt that is only growing due to continued budget deficits. As it stands now, the national debt stands at over 100% of annual GDP, and that figure is only growing as the deficit remains huge.  As long as we can make the interest payments with a little more we're fine. Truth be told it wouldn't be that hard, just re-allocate funds from other areas and increase revenue. Military being the most obvious cut, redo the entire tax system to raise revenue, which would only require political will. &lt;Pfft... only&gt;  Infrastructure is just a resource allocation problem.    &gt;A population grown completely accustomed to a resource-intensive, globalized lifestyle relative to that enjoyed by almost any other country on Earth.  This would require a shift in culture. Not as hard as you'd think, but it would take a good long time.   &gt;And finally, the combination of the game of economic dominoes unfolding in Europe and a slowing Chinese economy.  There is a way out for this, again, political will will be required.
$230k. $230k. $230k.  And that's just per person. Funny how conservatives attack the Dems for 'wasteful' spending on such frivolities such as social welfare and public health but approve this wasteful use of state funds to deliver a program of minimal overall benefit to The Wisconsin economy.
Specialization. Individual companies can specialize in e.g. engine design and manufacturing, or wing design and manufacturing, or composites. By outsourcing to specialist companies, Boeing aimed to capture their knowledge.  The alternative is for Boeing to be a specialist in *all* the fields necessary to build an airplane. This is difficult from a purely technical point of view, and it reduces economies of scale.
Fidelity, Charles Schwab, TDA, and just about every make online brokerage gives you massive amounts of free trades each year and when you sign up. Pretty much the same as 100+ free trades /yr over a 10 year period. Also, you get commission-free trade for the most popular ETFs, which is much more important.  Lastly, if you care about free trades, you're probably investing poorly. Non-professionals shouldn't be making that many non-ETF trades in a year. Professional traders wouldn't blink over a tiny $5-10 commission fee.
You can withdraw from CPP as early as 60. However, by doing so, you will permanently reduce the payments. The reduction is calculated based on average life expectancies. If you live for an average amount of time, that means you'll receive approximately the same total amount (after inflation adjustments) whether you start pulling from CPP at 60, 65, or even delay your pension later. People may have pensions through systems other than CPP. This is often true for big business or government work. They may work differently. People who retire at 55 with a pension are not getting their pension through CPP. A person retiring at 55 would need to wait at least five years to draw from the CPP, and ten years before he or she was eligible for a full pension through CPP. Canada also offers Old Age Security (OAS). This is only available once you are 65 years old or older, though this is changing. Starting in 2023, this will gradually change to 67 years or older. See this page for more details. As always, it's worth pointing out that the CPP and OAS will almost certainly not cover your full retirement expenses and you will need supplementary funds.
I mean, I was a bartender for years in college, and on most Saturdays I'd work from 12PM-4AM in a giant crowd of sweaty, drunk and sticky 18-24 year olds. Friends of mine worked in warehouses, factories, construction, retail, you name it; the thing is, our presence and physical effort was a business necessity.   I think the disconnect between our viewpoints is that you see the remote work option as a service solely benefiting the employee, which the employer has to bear at some hardship. My thought is that the option is mutually beneficial, and requiring 100% personal presence in the absence of a business case is an outdated ideology.   Consider this: fewer on-site employees means fewer sites -- this translates to millions saved in rent, utilities, insurance, maintenance/administrative staff and IT infrastructure, etc. It also, as the article mentions, *vastly* expands the pool of available talent by removing geographical requirements. Not only that, the option to work from home is in and of itself a feature which lubes the ol' recruiting pipe, as I alluded to earlier.   The overarching logic is that there should be a quantifiable advantage attached to a decision like this, and this advantage was, again, as the article mentions, discovered by IBM's own internal research efforts which supported remote work. It doesn't make a lot of sense strategically, but I haven't worked for IBM for years, so I couldn't tell you what internal issues they might be struggling with.
My grandfather owned a small business, and I asked him that very question.  His answer was that year-end closeout is very time-consuming, both before and after  EOY (end of year), and that they didn't want to do all that around Christmas and New Year.
Kodari Securities (KOSEC) has a unique approach towards investing. Kodari Securities understands that investing in the stock market requires a clear strategy. As an investor you need to compare different shares and understand how to buy and sell in the market. The stock market has no magic formulae’s to buying shares. An investor has to have the ability to equip themselves with knowledge. Kodari Securities is aware that the more knowledge an investor has, the higher their success rate.
Fund rebalancing typically refers to changing the investment mix to stay within the guidelines of the mutual fund objective.  For example, lets say a fund is supposed to have at least 20% in bonds.  Because of a dramatic increase in stock price and decrease in bond values it finds itself with only 19.9% in bonds at the end of the trading day.  The fund manager would sell sufficient equities to reduce its equity holdings and buy more bonds.   Rebalancing is not always preferential because it could cause capital gain distribution, typically once per year, without selling the fund.  And really any trading within the fun could do the same. In the case you cite the verbiage is confusing.  Often times I wonder if the author knows less then the reader.  It might also be a bit of a rush to get the article out, and the author did not write correctly. I agree that the ETFs cited are suitable for short term traders.  However, that is because, traditionaly, the market has increased in value over the long term.  If you bet it will go down over the long term, you are almost certain to lose money. Like you, I cannot figure out how rebalancing makes this suitable only for short term traders.  If the ETFs distribute capital gains events much more frequently then once per year, that is worth mentioning, but does not provide a case for short versus long term traders.   Secondly, I don't think these funds are doing true rebalancing.  They might change investments daily for the most likely profitable outcome, but that really isn't rebalancing.   It seems the author is confused.
"We have a local bank that changed to a bill pay service.  The money is held as ""processing"" when the check is supposed to be cut and shows as cleared on the date the check is supposed to be received.  Because our business checking is with the same bank, we discovered recently that the although the check shows cleared from our account, the recipient has not received the paper check yet - and may not for 2-3 days.  We discovered this because the payroll checks we write this way (to ourselves) never arrive on the due date but clear the business account.  It appears to be a new way for banks to ride the ""float"" and draw interest on the money.  It happens with every check processed through the bill pay system and not with electronic transfers."
You can pay with a cashiers check or personal check. You can even pay cash, or combine payment methods. However, in the USA if you give the dealership $10,000 or more in actual cash, they will be required to fill out a form 8300 with the IRS.
Perhaps look into how prohibition worked out for distillers and brewers.  It doesn't take something as arcane as outright prohibition to ruin an industry.  Onerous rules and regulations will do it as well.  Either way Romney or Obama are going to do the exact same things, and this guy is just a useful partisan idiot.
"Jesus christ.  ""We need to consume more or the GROWTH will come to a dramatic halt.""  What about fine? What about things being big enough? What about focusing on something other then unhinged growth? Economists may often be better then most people at understanding the big picture, but man sometimes just staring at the numbers makes you so blind."
"A bit strange but okay.  The way I would think about this is again that you need to determine for what purpose you're computing this, in much the same way you would if you were to build out the model. The IPO valuation is not going to be relevant to the accretion/dilution analysis unless you're trying to determine whether the transaction was net accretive at exit. But that's a weird analysis to do. For longer holding periods like that you're more likely to look at IRR, not EPS. EPS is something investors look at over the short to medium term to get a sense of whether the company is making good acquisition decisions. And to do that short-to-medium term analysis, they look at earnings.   Damodaran would say this is a shitty way of looking at things and that you should probably be looking at some measure of ROIC instead, and I tend to agree, but I don't get paid to think like an investor, I get paid to sell shit to them (if only in indirect fashion). The short answer to your question is that no, you should not incorporate what you are calling liquidation value when determining accretion/dilution, but only because the market typically computes accretion/dilution on a 3-year basis tops. I've never put together a book or seen a press release in my admittedly short time in finance that says ""the transaction is estimated to be X% accretive within 4 years"" - that just seems like an absurd timeline.  Final point is just that from an accounting perspective, a gain on a sale of an asset is not going to get booked in either EBITDA or OCF, so just mechanically there's no way for the IPO value to flow into your accretion/dilution analysis there, even if you are looking at EBITDA/shares. You could figure the gain on sale into some kind of adjusted EBITDA/shares version of EPS, but this is neither something I've ever seen nor something that really makes sense in the context of using EPS as a standardized metric across the market. Typically we take OUT non-recurring shit in EPS, we don't add it in. Adding something like this in would be much more appropriate to measuring the success of an acquisition/investing vehicle like a private equity fund, not a standalone operating company that reports operational earnings in addition to cash flow from investing. And as I suggest above, that's an analysis for which the IRR metric is more ideally situated.  And just a semantic thing - we typically wouldn't call the exit value a ""liquidation value"". That term is usually reserved for dissolution of a corporate entity and selling off its physical or intangible assets in piecemeal fashion (i.e. not accounting for operational synergies across the business). IPO value is actually just going to be a measure of market value of equity."
"It becomes ""yours"" when it leaves the trust. Until that point the Trust owns the shares attributable to your account. There are some different arrangements out there, in the cases of some of the smaller 401(k) providers, where the assets are held in annuity products, or even individual annuities in the case of 403(b) plans.  To further answer the question, the trust and  trustee own and hold the account before you take a distribution. In a lot of cases the 401(k) recordkeeper has a trust company that they use to serve as the custodian (person or entity who retains the assets). In some plans you have an individual Trustee or a Corporate Trustee. Those setups are not good for that person or company because they are ultimately responsible for backing the assets in the plan, and as you can imagine, leaving that responsibility to one person is not safe for that individual.  Hope that helps, glad to answer any other questions you have!"
I'll be blunt.
Both are incorrect. What it says is if your fund value is 25,000 in first year; then this will earn 19.4% compound for 5 years. This is same as 142.5 absolute. The money invested in second year, will only earn for 4 years, compound interest of 19.4%. so on ... The 25000 invested last year only 19.4 for a year. The other aspect you are missing is when you pay 25,000; 4% goes towards charges. So you are only investing 24,000. Plus there is an amount towards life cover. Depending on age, around 1000 for one lacs. This means the investment is only 23000 or 23500. Generally it is not advised to buy ULIP. It is cheaper to buy term insurance plus mutual fund.
Lol. First you have taken many economics classes and now that I've had more it doesn't matter.  [Let me give you an academic source regarding why academic communities often lean a direction away from me.](https://www.aei.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/-politically-correct-university_100224248924.pdf) Take some time to read it. It's very long and dense and should explain my position fairly succinctly. One thing you might notice is that in academics, socialism teachers more likely to be Marxist than conservatives. Would you agree that the academic field believes Communism is better than Capitalism because of that?  You still have yet to argue anything regarding your first source. Is it a good source or have you abandoned it? If memory serves this started as a conversation about home ownership and we are now entrenched in minimum wages. No, the government should not manipulate the labor market of an economy because of perceived short-term improvements. It's a bad long-run policy. Sorry.
I can't tell if he's running something similar to a pyramid scheme  &gt;Everyone would work under the same Spartan conditions that Brito embraced. (In New York, Brito shares a large table with his head of sales and his finance chief.) “We always say the leaner the business, the more money we will have at the end of the year to share,” he said in a speech at Stanford in 2008. “I don’t have a company car. I don’t care. I can buy my own car. I don’t need the company to give me beer. I can buy my own beer.”  That part is awesome though
The most obvious one these days is unexpected and extended unemployment. If you are living paycheck to paycheck, you are asking for trouble in this economy.
"&gt; Honestly this all scans with the same naivety as the communists saying WELL IT HASN'T BEEN TRIED PROPERLY YET.   No, it has the intellectual rigor of saying that if you want to claim something then you have to prove it, not parrot some propaganda that has been repeated endlessly without any proof.  &gt; Why not the east india company for example - got a royal charter to literally do whatever the hell it wanted. Doesn't get more free market than that.  Royal charter. Free market. You can only have one. This is the kind of nonsense I'm talking about. You can't attack the market for a fucking government-granted problem. No, that is not free market. And even if it were, it wouldn't come close to the deaths caused by states. Again, you bear the burden of proof here, not me.  &gt; Ultimately i find this philosophy unnecessarily reductionist, it lacks the nuance and resource flexibility to deal with shocks to the system such as external invasion or environmental catastrophe  In what way? People don't suddenly cease to have resources to deal with these things just because their resources are not forcibly centralized. That doesn't follow.  &gt; what protection do you have from these private courts if someone is polluting your water supply? Your air? What defines 'your air' and 'your water'?  The protection would be upholding private property rights, which is what would determine what ""your air"" and ""your water"" are. You resolve it by showing that they are polluting and that you have damages. The general population isn't going to respect a biased court that doesn't support the rights of private property against pollution. It's akin to asking what we'd do if a murderer went to his brother who supports a right to murder: you wouldn't use that court. Again, people overwhelmingly want protections against pollution and murder so there would be a market demand for courts that protect against these things.  &gt; I mean these are all hypothetical worst case scenarios  Then compare them to the real life worst case scenarios of governments. It won't do to use some fictitious, worst-case example that isn't based upon reason and evidence against the not-so-bad examples of government. Make an apples-to-apples comparison and tell me what evidence or reason you have to believe that hundreds of millions of people would have died in a century without governments.  “Anarchists did not try to carry out genocide against the Armenians in Turkey; they did not deliberately starve millions of Ukrainians; they did not create a system of death camps to kill Jews, gypsies, and Slavs in Europe; they did not fire-bomb scores of large German and Japanese cities and drop nuclear bombs on two of them; they did not carry out a ‘Great Leap Forward’ that killed scores of millions of Chinese; they did not attempt to kill everybody with any appreciable education in Cambodia; they did not launch one aggressive war after another; they did not implement trade sanctions that killed perhaps 500,000 Iraqi children.  In debates between anarchists and statists, the burden of proof clearly should rest on those who place their trust in the state. Anarchy’s mayhem is wholly conjectural; the state’s mayhem is undeniably, factually horrendous.” - Robert Higgs"
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/need-proof-that-tax-cuts-promote-economic-growth-look-to-the-states/article/2638023) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A new report released this week by the Tax Foundation - along with assessment of states&amp;#039; fiscal health, economic performance, and population changes - confirm that states with lower taxes and reasonable levels of government spending have stronger economies and are more attractive for businesses and individuals.  &gt; The State Business Tax Climate Index is an annual ranking of state tax systems and how well they are structured to promote economic growth.  &gt; Big-government, high-tax, reckless-spending states such as Vermont, California, New York, and New Jersey find themselves at or near the bottom of tax climate and fiscal health rankings, as well as the bottom in economic outlook.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/78j193/need_proof_that_tax_cuts_promote_economic_growth/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~234422 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **State**^#1 **tax**^#2 **new**^#3 **economic**^#4 **fiscal**^#5"
&gt; The value is that you have higher credentials that are tangible to a business.  This is exactly what I am saying it does not do. What tangible benefits do you have form the business' perspective coming out of an MBA program? You don't learn shit in BSchool. It exists to allow the attendee to build their network and resume. Thats basically the entire value prop
Why the fuck would someone ever, in a million years, go to a place like BWW to watch a sporting event?  I'm trying really hard and failing to come up with a reason for it.  I know sports bars are a thing, and plenty apparently do okay, but BWW is setup such that you may or may not be able to see a screen and the sit down service means you can't really just park yourself there for a 3+ hour game.  It seems like they have a sports bar theme, but you can't legit use it like a sports bar.
IMHO your thinking is spot on.  More than likely, you are years away from retirement, like 22 if you retire somewhat early.  Until you get close keep it in aggressive growth.  Contribute as much as you can and you probably end up with 3 million in today's dollars.   Okay so what if you were retiring in a year or two from now, and you have 3M, and have managed your debt well.  You have no loans including no mortgage and an nice emergency fund.  How much would you need to live?  60 or 70K year would provide roughly the equivalent of 100K salary (no social security tax, no commute, and no need to save for retirement) and you would not have a mortgage. So what you decide to do is move 250K and move it to bonds so you have enough to live off of for the next 3.5 years or so.  That is less than 10% of your nest egg.  You have 3.5 years to go through some roller coaster time of the market and you can always cherry pick when to replenish the bond fund. Having a 50% allocation for bonds is not very wise.  The 80% probably good for people who have little or no savings like less than 250k and retired.   I think you are a very bright individual and have some really good money sense.
Late to the party, but it's just improving your cost basis in a defined risk trade even further. If you want to put up less risk capital but want to test the waters, this can be one way to do it. Another could be buying cheap OTM butterflies or financing a further otm option with the basis reduction from the debit spread if you want to gamble a bit further and venture into 15-20 delta positions. Usually, I am doing debit spreads with a buying atm and selling a couple strikes further otm or at least at the most liquid strikes, but if it's a high flier, it can be disappointing, but a good trade. If you're more of a contrarian in where you buy your calls/puts, it's absolutely a good way to lessen your risk on a calculated bet.
"Yes. Bonds perform very well in a recession. In fact the safer the bond, the better it would do in a recession. Think of markets having four seasons: High growth and low inflation - ""growing economy"" High growth and high inflation - ""overheating economy"" Low growth and high inflation - ""stagflation"" Low growth and low inflation - ""recession"" Bonds are the best investment in a recession. qplum's flagship strategy had a very high allocation to bonds in the financial crisis. That's why in backtest it shows much better returns."
I remember reading that [he was responsible for siri](http://www.businessinsider.com/scott-forstall-apple-maps-2012-9) and that launch also didn't go so well.  I guess Apple figured that 0 for 2 is better than 0 for 3 so better to get rid of his ass now before he fucks up again. And from other reports, people are cheering his departure ( [it's said that Forstall's coworkers were so excited to show him the door that they volunteered to split up his workload](http://www.theverge.com/2012/10/29/3574022/apple-scott-forstall-ios-6-maps-apology-letter)) so don't see how this is a bad move, other than Google or Samsung might pick him up, which I guess might be bad news for the apple crowd.
The rate itself is too small and the difference is small as well ... The cost of switching, even one visit to the Bank B, would cost you around $50 just to open an account you would have to visit once ... Think of changing if there are other benefits [like utility payments online, or integrated brokrage accounts etc] if they are same, just stick with it.
Sounds like a case of false causality.  If somebody is taking the time to sign up at opt out sites, then that same person is probably making other smart decisions with their credit, causing scores to rise. Optoutprescreen.com does not help your score, the other actions taken might.  People seeing different results can probably be tied to the timeframe they signed up.  People who signed up then took care of their credit vs. people whose credit was already good and then signed up. A 10 pt bounce one way or the other is not significant.
There is a tax treaty between Canada and the US that recognizes RRSPs as retirement accounts.  You won't be taxed on the gains in your RRSP like you would be if it was in a TFSA.  So you don't really have to do anything (except fill out a form for the IRS every year).   The problem that usually arises is if you want to buy something else.  I don't know of any Canadian brokerage that will sell products to a US resident.  It's a question of where they're licensed.  However the SEC has issued an exemption so you can try to argue with your broker to get a trade done. Link to SEC order With such a small amount in the account you may be paying fees or have it invested in funds with higher fees.  You will have to do the math on whether or not you should just withdraw the money and invest in cheaper funds and accounts in the US. When you withdraw the money Canada will withhold a flat rate of 25% or in some circumstances 15%. For more info go to Serbinski (a cross border tax specialist).
Unless you are getting better than a 2.95% return on that money market account. Pay cash. That's the purely logical way to make the decision. However if it were me I'd pay cash anyway just because I like the idea of not owing money and having the hassle of dealing with a payment every month.
I mean if he signed a non-compete clause as a part of the contract, he's boned. I still think it's silly on Sony's part though because they fired him because the commercials didn't do anything for sales and he wasn't directly endorsing Nintendo nor does he have a contract with Nintendo. They're just really trying to throw off any momentum the WII U is about to gain because Sony knows it has the potential to kill the PS3 and they sure don't want to rush another console on to the market.
Stock dilution is legal because, in theory, the issuance of new shares shouldn't affect actual shareholder value. The other answers have explained fairly well why this is so. In practice, however, the issuance of new shares can destroy shareholder value. This normally happens when the issuing company:  In these cases, the issuance of more shares merely reduces each shareholder's stake in the company without building proportional shareholder value.
I few years ago my company in the Washington DC area allowed employees to contribute their own pre-tax funds. The system at the time wasn't sophisticated enough to prevent what you are suggesting. The money each month was put on a special credit card that could only be used at certain types of locations. You could load it onto the Metro smart trip card, and use it for many months. Many people did this, even though the IRS says you shouldn't. But eventually the program for the federal employees changed, their employer provided funds were put directly onto their Smart Trip card. In fact there were two buckets on the card: one to pay for commuting, and the other to pay for parking. There was no way to transfer money between buckets. The first day of the new month all the excess funds were automatically removed from the card;and the new funds were put onto the card. If your employer has a similar program it may work the same way. HR will know.
I find myself doing well until I compare myself to someone else I think is doing well or better. I just bought a car on credit for the first time in 16 years. As a household we are making more than we ever have.  With the exception of the car, we have no debt.  If I don't listen to the news, I am happy.  It's when I start listening to how dire things are, or when I start second-guessing my decisions, or when I wonder whether I will lose my job (for no other reason that anything is possible), that I begin to feel like the world is going to end.  So, avoid Reddit and TV, stick to reading early 19th century novels, and we'll all be fine.
Stop trying to make money with your emergency fund. It's purpose is to sit there idly waiting for a bad day. A day when you need that cash (liquid) not in a bank or a line-of-credit. The few dollars you might make trying to chase interest/investments with your emergency fund aren't worth it if a true emergency came up and you couldn't get to your cash in time. Once you have a fully funded EF then start investing heavily. That's your future game plan. Not the EF.
"It sounds like you are describing ""seller-financed"" mortgages (also sometimes called ""self-financed"", where ""self"" is the seller).  In essence the buyer and seller enter into a legal contract (a promissory note) that specifies the payment schedule, interest rate, etc.  The nature of the agreement is similar to the kind of mortgage agreement you'd get from the bank, but no bank is involved; it's just an agreeement directly between the buyer and seller. If you search for ""seller-financed mortgage"" or ""self-financed mortgage"" you can find a good deal more info about this kind of arrangement.  Here is a useful article from Investopedia, here is one from Forbes, and here is one from Nolo. Broadly speaking, the advantages and disadvantages of seller financing are two sides of the same coin: by doing the agreement yourself without bank involvement, you can cut out procedural red tape, delays, and requirements that a bank might insist on --- but in so doing you may expose yourself to risks that those procedures are designed to shield you from.  Most obviously, as the seller, you receive only the down payment up front (not the entire purchase price, as you would if the buyer got a bank loan), and if the buyer doesn't follow through on the agreement, you're on your own as far as starting foreclosure, etc. You can read up on some of the linked pages for more details about the pros and cons.  In general, as those pages note, seller-financed mortgages are relatively rare.  A home is a big purchase, and if you don't know what you're doing it's easy to screw up in a way that could cost you a large amount of money if things go wrong."
Thinning scissors are also popularly called as thinning shears. It is an essential tool for hairstylists as well as the barbers across the world. Although, these shears are akin to that of traditional scissors, they vary by their form and use.
In addition to what others have said, I think it is important to consider that government retirement assistance (whatever it is called in each instance) is basically a promise that can be revoked. I talked to a retired friend of mine just yesterday and we got onto that subject; she mentioned that when she was young, the promise was for 90% of one's pay, paid by the government after retiring. It is very different today. Yes, you can gamble that you won't need the saved money, and thus decide not to save anything. What then if you do end up needing the money you did not set aside, but rather spent? You are just now graduating college, and assuming of course that you get a decently-paying job, are likely going to have loads more money than you are used to. If you make an agreement with yourself to set aside even just 10-15% of the difference in income right from the start, that is going to grow into a pretty sizable nest egg by the time you approach retirement age. Then, you will have the option of continuing to work (maybe part-time) or quitting in a way you would not have had otherwise. Now I'm going to pull numbers out of thin air, but suppose that you currently have $1000/month net, before expenses, and can get a job that pays $1800/month net starting out. 10-15% of the difference means you'll be saving around $100/month for retirement. In 35 years, assuming no return on investment (pessimistic, but works if returns match inflation) and no pay rises, that will still be over $40K. That's somewhere on the order of $150/month added to your retirement income for 25 years. Multiply with whatever inflation rate you think is likely if you prefer nominal values. It becomes even more noticable if you save a significant fraction of the additional pay; if you save 1/3 of the additional money (note that you still effectively get a 50% raise compared to what you have been living on before), that gives you a net income of $1500/month instead of $1800 ($500/month more rather than $800/month more) which grows into about $110K in 35 years assuming no return on investment. Nearly $400 per month for 25 years. $100 per week is hardly chump change in retirement, and it is still quite realistic for most people to save 30% of the money they did not have before.
"The ends justify the means?  Do you even understand that phrase?  Obviously the end is our open-faced sandwiches.  So you're saying the means are...abuse?  ""Means"" must be something *necessary*.  Abuse is not a necessity.  The means are the things required to make the animal grow to an edible size.    Also, the ends can change.  In Korea, pet theft for food does occur.  By your logic, if someone stole your dog on Tuesday (when it would be morally reprehensible to abuse it) by Wednesday--when its end has been determined by the thieves as food--it's open season for beatings.  Same dog, but a different situation (which it had no say in, obviously) makes it OK to abuse.  Have fun with that argument in social situations.  Don't forget to bring up your defense of gall-bladder draining and, I'm assuming, gorilla poaching."
"So item 1  The two investors leading the suit say ""it's because we want lots of control"" and sue founder.  The standard share holders want equal voting - as would I.  Founder appoints two new board members to ensure this happens.  Item 2 the suit:  The suit is to remove the ability to appoint new board members from the founder correct?  After he has appointed two new ones to implement the changes the other shareholders want correct?  But somehow the suit is ""on behalf"" of the other share holders?  Do I have you explanation right?"
In 2011 fraudulent certificates were obtained from Comodo and DigiNotar[4][5], allegedly by Iranian hackers. There is evidence that the fraudulent DigiNotar certificates were used in a man-in-the-middle attack in Iran.[6]   In 2012, it became known that Trustwave issued a subordinate root certificate that was used for transparent traffic management (man-in-the-middle) which effectively permitted an enterprise to sniff SSL internal network traffic using the subordinate certificate.[7]  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_authority#Subversion_of_CA
"Usually you need to switch accounts. Lower rate cards usually offer less generous benefits. I'd advise looking at the charts on credit card rates in the back of a magazine like ""Money"" or ""Kiplingers""."
Many colleges have offices that can help students find off campus housing. They will have information about rooms being let by families, and about houses being shared by groups of students. The biggest issue is that many of the best places were filled months ago. With only a month to go before classes start time is tight. You can also look for electronic listings organized through a campus newspaper.  The advantage of going through university resources is that they will have more information regarding the types of students they are looking for. A house full of undergrads is different than a family house that rents only to young professors.
Truly decentralized and censorship proof, but not yet ready for prime time.  https://akasha.world/  &gt; As a decentralized application AKASHA deploys a next-generation information architecture born from the fusion of Ethereum and the Inter-Planetary File System. Thanks to these technologies we were able to create a planetary-scale information network immune to censorship by design, where your thoughts and ideas will echo throughout humanity’s existence.
"Capitalization rate and ""Net Profit margin"" are two different things. In Capitalization rate note that we are taking the ""total value"" in the denominator and in Net profit margin we are taking ""Revenue/Sales"".  Capitalization Rate: Capitalization Rate = Yearly Income/Total Value For example (from Investopedia: ) if Stephane buys a property that will generate $125,000 per year and   he pays $900,000 for it, the cap rate is:   125,000/900,000 = 13.89%. Net Profit margin: Net Profit margin = Net Profit/Revenue For example (from finance formulas): A company's income statement shows a net income of $1 million and   operating revenues of $25 million. By applying the formula, $1 million   divided by $25 million would result in a net profit margin of 4%.   Although the formula is simplistic, applying the concept is important   in that 4% of sales will result in after tax profit."
It's only symbolic if things continue as if nothing had happened.  Once large segments of people start becoming poor, it ceases to be symbolic and starts becoming real. Will a Greek default be felt in the US?  Hard to say, but probably not.  Will it be felt in Greece?  You bet it will.
"Step 1. Log onto chase.com  Step 2. Click on the account in question  Step 3. Add ""Outstanding balance"" to ""Pending charges""  Step 4. Pay said total amount  With all the energy you spent trying to find out if they're doing something illegal, you could've resolved the original issue yourself and be done with it."
When you say patted down. Are you talking about extra security checks where they pull you out of line each time, or just when going through security?  Cause if you choose to object to full body scans, you get a pat down every time?
All successful CEOs have one thing in common: They’re able to maintain a big-picture perspective. It’s also something successful moms have in common, says Zenovia Andrews, a [business](http://businessclarksville.com/business/how-to-run-your-home-like-a-ceo/2014/07/30/65318) strategist, speaker, author and mom who coaches [entrepreneurs](http://theshearingroups.org/) and CEOs on time and budget [management](http://theshearingroups.org/news/).  “In business, CEOs implement a process that achieves efficient time and resource management in the most cost-effective way; sounds a lot like a mom, doesn’t it?” says Andrews, founder and CEO of The MaxOut Group, a company devoted to empowering and tea ching entrepreneurs development strategies to increase profits.  “If every mom were a CEO, America would rule the world!”  Andrews, author of the new book “All Systems Go – A Solid Blueprint to Build Business and Maximize Cash Flow,” (www.zenoviaandrews.com), suggests the following tips for moms to better manage money and time.  - CEOs utilize apps, and so should CEO Moms. When a CEO’s personal assistant isn’t around or, if it’s a small business and she doesn’t have one, then apps do nicely. There are several apps for moms, including Bank of Mom – an easy way to keep track of your kids’ allowances. Set up an account for each child and track any money they earn for chores or allowance. The app also allows you to track their computer and TV time as well as other activities.  - Measurement is the key to knowledge, control and improvement. CEOs have goals for their businesses and Moms have goals for their family members. In either case, the best way to achieve a big-picture goal is to identify action steps and objectives and a system for measuring progress. Want to improve your kids’ test scores, help your husband lose weight or – gasp – free some time for yourself? There are four phases to help track progress: planning, or establishing goals; collection, or conducting research on your current process; analysis – comparing information from existing processes with the new one; and adapting, or implementing the new process.  - Understand your home’s “workforce.” A good CEO helps her employees grow and develop, not only for the company’s benefit, but for the employee’s as well. Most people are happiest when they feel they’re learning and growing, working toward a goal, which may be promotion within the company or something beyond it. When they feel the CEO is helping with that, they’re happier, more productive, more loyal employees. Likewise, CEO Moms need to help their children gain the skills and knowledge they need not only to succeed in general but to achieve their individual dreams.  - A well-running household is a community effort; consider “automated” systems. In business, automated systems tend to be as clinical as they sound, typically involving technology. Yet, there’s also a human resource element. Automated systems are a must for CEO Moms, and they tend to take the form of scheduling at home. Whose night is it for the dishes, or trash? One child may be helpful in the kitchen, whereas another may be better at cleaning the pool.  About the Author:  Zenovia Andrews, www.zenoviaandrews.com, is a business development strategist with extensive experience in corporate training, performance management, leadership development and sales consulting with international clients, including Pfizer, Inc. and Novartis Pharmaceuticals. A sought-after speaker and radio/TV personality, she is the author of “All Systems Go” and “MAXOut: I Want It All.”
Probably because it's a question of Excel vs Access, not VBA vs SQL. You probably don't need VBA for any of the calcs that the OP mentions.  Excel is the one tool everyone uses in Finance. CR and SSRS require tools and permissions that the average guy simply won't have, and a level of expertise that is not useful for most front/middle-office analysis work.  I usually see these done in Excel. SSRS and CR seem like way overkill for something done trivially and transparently in Excel, whose presentation will change frequently anyway.  Depending on what OP is talking about, analysis is not reporting, and flexibility and transparency usually win. Especially when you want to poke around the underlying data and iterate with other people.  SSRS and CR only make sense when you know what you're looking for, that the data is appropriate for it and you don't expect it to change.
I'm all for free enterprise, but I feel like when services like Uber and Lyft get so big it might do them some good to offer disabled services. I mean obviously you can't cater to every single type of rider out there but basic wheelchair service would probably be good.
You could, but the bank won't let you... If you're a sole proprietor - then you could probably open a personal account and just use it, and never tell them that is actually a business. However, depending on your volume of operations, they may switch you on their own to business account by the pattern of your transactions. For corporations, you cannot use a personal account since the corporation is a separate legal entity that owns the funds. Also, you're generally required to separate corporate and personal funds to keep the limited liability protection (which is why you have the corporation to begin with). Generally, business accounts have much higher volumes and much more transactions than personal accounts, and it costs more for the banks to run them. In the US, some banks offer free, or very low-cost, business accounts for small businesses that don't need too many transactions. I'm sure if you shop around, you'll find those in Canada as well.
"There are many tactics you can use.  If your biggest problem is regretting your larger purchases, I'd suggest giving yourself rules before making any purchases over a certain minimum dollar amount that you set for yourself.  For example, if that amount is $50 for an item, then any item starting at an average price of $51 would be subject to these rules. One of your long-term goals ought to be to become the kind of person who finds joy in saving money rather than spending it.  Make friends with frugal people - look for those who prefer games nights and potlucks to nights out at the club buying expensive drinks and dinners at the newest steak joint in town.  Learn the thrill of a deal, but even more learn the thrill of your savings growing.  You don't want to enjoy money in the bank for the purposes of becoming a miser.  Instead you want to realize that money in the bank helps you achieve your goals — buying the house you want, donating a significant amount of money to a cause you ardently support, allowing you to take a dream vacation, letting you buy with cash the car you always wanted, the possibilities are endless.  As Dave Ramsey says, ""Live like no one else, so you can live like no one else."""
Here's the key:  &gt;If I buy back my own mortgage, I don’t have a mortgage.  You don't have a mortgage, you probably ended up with another type of depth. This is what happens. The Bank of Japan is buying the debt. It didn't disappear. Why did it buy the debt? To be able to print more money. Why does it need more money? To create more inflation. 0.2% of inflation is bad. You need 2%.  //edit:grammar.
"wtf are we as a country and society going to do for all the Frans in 10 years when there is barely retail or fast food jobs left?  are we just going to throw up our hands and say ""welp, guess your fucked""? we're going to have millions of unemployed people a lot sooner than people think and we are doing nothing to address this upcoming problem!"
"Seems like no one in this thread has heard of ""treasury stocks"", which indeed allow a company to own and sell its own stock. Think about it. When there is a stock buy-back funded by excess profits, where does that stock go?"
I can easily live off purchase 1. The issue is that I have a guaranteed paycheck at my corporate gig and my fiancé is worried about not having enough income to pay bills.     We're both new to business ownership and she doesn't want me to lose my benefits and guaranteed salary at my current job. I'm only keeping this job for extra income. I'd have to leave my second income producing job to take the plunge for the second business.      She just doesn't think it's the right time but E V E R Y T H I N G is playing out to where it just makes sense financially. Take a small cut back on expenses to make 4x what I'm making now with my first business and my second income producing job.
Why not 180 weeks then? Being able to get cash without having to work for it changes the human psyche regarding the necessity of work. At the end if the 99 weeks, a lot of people resent having to work again, which translates into an overall lesser quality labor pool. I'm not arguing for no unemployment, but 99 weeks is extreme. No one is actively job searching that long.
"I agree that you should CONSIDER a shares based dividend income SIPP, however unless you've done self executed trading before, enough to understand and be comfortable with it and know what you're getting into, I would strongly suggest that as you are now near retirement, you have to appreciate that as well as the usual risks associated with markets and their constituent stocks and shares going down as well as up, there is an additional risk that you will achieve sub optimal performance because you are new to the game. I took up self executed trading in 2008 (oh yes, what a great time to learn) and whilst I might have chosen a better time to get into it, and despite being quite successful over all, I have to say it's the hardest thing I've ever done! The biggest reason it'll be hard is emotionally, because this pension pot is all the money you've got to live off until you die right? So, even though you may choose safe quality stocks, when the world economy goes wrong it goes wrong, and your pension pot will still plummet, somewhat at least. Unless you ""beat the market"", something you should not expect to do if you haven't done it before, taking the rather abysmal FTSE100 as a benchmark (all quality stocks, right? LOL) from last Aprils highs to this months lows, and projecting that performance forwards to the end of March, assuming you get reasonable dividends and draw out £1000 per month, your pot could be worth £164K after one year. Where as with normal / stable / long term market performance (i.e. no horrible devaluation of the market) it could be worth £198K! Going forwards from those 2 hypothetical positions, assuming total market stability for the rest of your life and the same reasonable dividend payouts, this one year of devaluation at the start of your pensions life is enough to reduce the time your pension pot can afford to pay out £1000 per month from 36 years to 24 years. Even if every year after that devaluation is an extra 1% higher return it could still only improve to 30 years. Normally of course, any stocks and shares investment is a long term investment and long term the income should be good, but pensions usually diversify into less and less risky investments as they get close to maturity, holding a certain amount of cash and bonds as well, so in my view a SIPP with stocks and shares should be AT MOST just a part of your strategy, and if you can't watch your pension pot payout term shrink from 26 years to 24 years hold your nerve, then maybe a SIPP with stocks and shares should be a smaller part! When you're dependent on your SIPP for income a market crash could cause you to make bad decisions and lose even more income. All that said now, even with all the new taxes and loss of tax deductible costs, etc, I think your property idea might not be a bad one. It's just diversification at the end of the day, and that's rarely a bad thing. I really DON'T think you should consider it to be a magic bullet though, it's not impossible to get a 10% yield from a property, but usually you won't. I assume you've never done buy to let before, so I would encourage you to set up a spread sheet and model it carefully. If you are realistic then you should find that you have to find really REALLY exceptional properties to get that sort of return, and you won't find them all the time. When you do your spread sheet, make sure you take into account all the one off buying costs, build a ledger effectively, so that you can plot all your costs, income and on going balance, and then see what payouts your model can afford over a reasonable number of years (say 10). Take the sum of those payouts and compare them against the sum you put in to find the whole thing. You must include budget for periodic minor and less frequent larger renovations (your tenants WON'T respect your property like you would, I promise you), land lord insurance (don't omit it unless you maintain capability to access a decent reserve (at least 10-20K say, I mean it, it's happened to me, it cost me 10K once to fix up a place after the damage and negligence of a tenant, and it definitely could have been worse) but I don't really recommend you insuring yourself like this, and taking on the inherent risk), budget for plumber and electrician call out, or for appropriate schemes which include boiler maintenance, etc (basically more insurance). Also consider estate agent fees, which will be either finders fees and/or 10% management fees if you don't manage them yourself. If you manage it yourself, fine, but consider the possibility that at some point someone might have to do that for you... either temporarily or permanently. Budget for a couple of months of vacancy every couple of years is probably prudent. Don't forget you have to pay utilities and council tax when its vacant. For leaseholds don't forget ground rent. You can get a better return on investment by taking out a mortgage (because you make money out of the underlying ROI and the mortgage APR) (this is usually the only way you can approach 10% yield) but don't forget to include the cost of mortgage fees, valuation fees, legal fees, etc, every 2 years (or however long)... and repeat your model to make sure it is viable when interest rates go up a few percent."
Will they still create programming catered to an 8th grade education and watered down enough for children to watch? That's why I quit tv and cable. What the fuck am I watching shows made for teenagers for? No hard science, no hard news, and not a single person talks like a regular human. It's fucking bizarre seeing it at this point. A weird world of nonsense.
Oh hey, let's take an insane valuation from the peak of the tech bubble and act like it should be a useful metric. Exxon has a market cap around 430 billion, Apple is just under 600 billion.    Microsoft was never making enough nor looked like it could sustain enough growth to support a 600b market cap.  Don't be stupid.  The stock was grossly overvalued as everything was then.
"IRA is a tax-deferred account. I.e.: you're not paying any taxes on the income within the account (as long as you don't withdraw it) and you can deduct the investment (with certain limitation on how much, depending on your total AGI). It is taxed when you withdraw it - at ordinary rates for the ""traditional"" IRA and with 0% rate for ROTH, as long as the withdrawal is qualified (if not qualified - you pay ordinary rate tax for ROTH and additional 10% tax for both on the taxable amounts). The details are a bit complicated (there's deductible IRA, non-deductible IRA, roll-overs, etc etc), but that's the basic. Regular investment accounts are taxed currently on any income, but you get the ""better"" capital gains rates on many things. So which one is better depends how long your investment is going to be, what is your tax situation now, and what you anticipate it to be later when you retire."
No, if your brokers find out about this, even though it is unlikely, you will be identified as a pattern day trader. The regulations do not specify a per broker limit. Also, it's like a credit history.  Brokers are loosely obligated to inform other brokers that a client is a pattern day trader when transferring accounts.
"Strictly speaking, a ""default"" happens when you stop making a scheduled interest or principal payment. So you can ""default"" on your student loan by simply not paying it. What you describe is what generally happens afterwards. So when people say ""You can't default on your student loans"", that is not correct. What they mean to say is ""You (usually) can't discharge your student loans in bankruptcy""."
Traders sometimes look at the depth of the book (number of outstanding limit orders) to try and gauge the sentiment of the market or otherwise use this information to formulate their strategy.  If there was a large outstanding buy order at $49.50, there's a decent chance this could increase the price by influencing other traders. However, a limit order at $2 is like an amazon.com price of $200,000 for a book.  It's so far away from realistic that it is ignored.  People would think it is an error. Submitting this type of order is perfectly legal.  If the stock is extremely thinly traded, it might even be encouraged because if someone wanted to sell a bunch and did a really bad job of it, the price could conceivably fall that far and the limit order would be adding liquidity.  I guess.  Your example is pretty extreme. It is not uncommon for there to be limit orders on the book that are not very close to the trading price.  They just sit around.  The majority of trades are done by algorithmic traders and institutional traders and they don't tend to do this, but a retail investor may choose to submit an order like that, just hoping against hope. Also, buy orders are not likely to push prices down, no matter what their price is.  A sell order, yes (even if it isn't executed).
Nope. And you're making things up while being a condescending dickhead. Good look! 5 states allow you to take the bar without even attending law school let alone graduating. Thanks for playing though. Maybe 12 seconds of google next time?
"That wasn't friendster, that was a site that never launched called ""Harvard connect"" I believe.  Friendster was already a decently sized company when Zuck started facebook. In fact he even has noted that he wanted the site to be something like friendster originally."
"I have a basic rule: it is the ""business"" guy's responsibility to raise the money. If they can't do it, then they are incompetent, and the ""tech"" guy should avoid them.  Generally speaking, the business side needs to be able to identify and validate the market opportunity, define the product, handle sales and marketing and raise the money.  The tech side needs to translate the product definition into a technical solution and build it.   If you have programming skills, you have plenty of options, and should not partner with people who can't do their part. You can probably handle the business side of things as well, though there is a difference in skill and temperament. Find someone who is as good or better at the business side than you are at programming."
"Apparently, only in America do people understand the difference between positive and negative rights.  A negative right requires others to abstain from interfering with your actions.  These are ""natural"" rights, such as freedom of speech, religion, freedom from unreasonable search and seizures, etc.  The Constitution is full of negative rights that are ""endowed by the Creator,"" i.e the government does not grant them to you, but rather, the government cannot strip them from you because you already have them.  Positive rights require others to provide you with either a good or service, such as healthcare.  These rights always require government coercion, such as forced taxation, to implement.  They also don't exist without that government coercion.  These rights are granted by government (and can be taken away by government as well).  Americans are much more supportive of negative rights.  True freedom means freedom from government coercion.  Thus, calls for healthcare as a ""right"" are rejected by huge numbers of Americans.  Healthcare is not a right in the same sense that freedom of speech is, because it is not a negative right."
It always bumps right before the 1/4 report.  For some reason, after 80 quarters, people buy amazon stock just incase they under promised and over delivered.  That's happened like 1 or 2 times.  They are so consistent, that I assume the make heavy fiscal investments in the week leading up to quarter close just so they don't
Not sure how to feel about this just yet. On one hand, I feel like it's a potentially worthy blow to an industry in need of a good one. On the other, it scares me that Amazon is becoming deeply entrenched into so much of our lives. What happened to antitrust laws? And why are some people so pleased to see another major market monopoly?
Well, there are an army of analysts who build excel spreadsheets and call them models.  No real stats involved, no error estimates or anything like that.  Just arithmetic.  Then there are the quants who do real math.    Either can get you work.  The more stats BS you can talk the better your odds on a job interview for an analyst.  But if you really want to be a hotshot stats guy you'll need to be very very good at very advanced math.
No, you cannot withdraw the money until settlement day. Some brokers will allow you to trade with unsettled funds, but you cannot withdraw it until it is settled.  Think about it, when you buy stock you have to pay for them by T+3, so if you sell you actually don't receive the funds until T+3.
The Hong Kong Dollar has been pegged to the USD for nearly 30 years and the Hong Kong authorities have fairly strong means to defend the peg.  So at first glance it would appear that there is really no difference as long as you are getting 7.75 HKD for each USD that you used to receive. However, the peg is arbitrary and could be lifted at any time like the removal of the CHF peg to EUR surprised a lot of people in early 2015.  As mainland China becomes more integrated it is unclear what will happen to the HKD in the long run.  Whether this matters really depends on your contracts.  if your contracts are short dated you may only take a discount relative to USD for a few payments before you can try to renegotiate. It's also worth noting trading HKD for your local INR can be more expensive. Check your local rates.
"You have a subscription that costs $25 They have the capabilities to get that $25 from the card on file if you had stopped paying for it, you re-upping the cost of the subscription was more of a courtesy. They would have considered pulling the $25 themselves or it may have gone to collections (or they could courteously ask if you wanted to resubscribe, what a concept) The credit card processing agreements (with the credit card companies) and the FTC would handle such business practices, but ""illegal"" wouldn't be the word I would use. The FTC or Congress may have mandated that an easy ""opt-out"" number be associated with that kind of business practice, and left it at that."
I don't understand the logic of converting a cost of funds of 4% to a monthly % and then subtracting that number from an annual one (the 1.5%).  Unfortunately without seeing the case I really can't help you...there was likely much you have left out from above.
"You have heard the old adage ""Buy low, sell high"", right? That sounds so obvious that you'd have to wonder why they would ever bother coining such an expression. It should rank up there with ""Don't walk in front of a moving car"" on the Duh scale of advice. Well, your question demonstrates exactly why it isn't quite so obvious in the real world and that people need to be reminded of it.  So, in your example, the stock prices are currently low (relative to what they have been). So per that adage, do you sell or buy when prices are low? Hint: It isn't sell. Yes. Your gut is going to tell you the exact opposite thanks to the fact that our brains are unfortunately wired to make us susceptible to the loss aversion fallacy. When the market has undergone a big drop is the WORST time to stop contributing (buying stocks).  This example might help get your brain and gut to agree a little more easily: If you were talking about any other non-investment commodity, cars for instance.  Your question equates to.. I really need a car, but the prices have been dropping like crazy lately.    Maybe I should wait until the car dealers start raising their prices again before I buy one. Dollar Cost Averaging As littleadv suggested, if you have an automatic payroll deduction for your retirement account, you are getting the benefit of Dollar Cost Averaging. Because you are investing the same amount on a scheduled interval, you are buying more shares when they are cheap and fewer when they are expensive. It is like an automatic buy low strategy is built into the account. The alternative, which you are implying, is a market timing strategy. Under this strategy, instead of investing regularly you try to get in and out of investments right before they go up/drop. There are two MAJOR flaws with this approach:   1) Your brain will work against you (see above) and encourage you to do the exact opposite of what you should be doing.   2) Unless you are clairvoyant, this strategy isn't much better than gambling. If you are lucky it can work, but because of #1, the odds are stacked against you."
They might be concerned with having to charge sales tax in California if they have a single employee in California, creating a nexus situation with CA. If that's the case, or even if there is some other issue, you might be able to switch from being a W2 employee to being a 1099 independent contractor. There's a host of additional issues this could cause, but it alleviate the nexus problem (if THAT is the problem). Here's a terrible solution you can bring up, but shouldn't do under any circumstances: offer to set up a mailing address in an allowed State, and give your company plausible deniability with regards to your legal residence. Obviously, this is a terrible idea, but exploring that option with your employer would help you suss out what the actual objection is. Ultimately, anything said here about the reason is just conjecture. You need to talk to the decision maker(s) about the real reason behind the denial. Then you can talk through solutions. Also - don't forget that you can get another job. If you are serious about a future with your girlfriend, you should put that relationship ahead of your current employment comfort and security. If you are willing to walk away from your position, you are in a much better situation to negotiate.
"Whoops, responded to the wrong person. Reposting for you in case you didn't see it.       Here's a source for the $3.7 trillion number.      http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-12-08/u-s-municipal-bond-market-28-larger-than-estimated-federal-reserve-says.html    It's not 'incorrect data'.        EDIT:  Furthermore, in order to know the ""extent"" of the crime (your own admission) we NEED to know the size of the entire market otherwise you can't have any perspective or determine extent.  So there's no reason it shouldn't be mentioned in the article."
Update: I am now using another app called toshl and I am very satisfied with it. In fact, I am a paying customer. It is web based, but it has clients for iPhone, Android and Windows Phone as well.  Another one, I tried is YNAB.   Did you consider trying an online app? I am using Wesabe and I am happy with it. I found it much better these web-based ones because I can access my data from anywhere.
What I don't get. If Boeing doesn't have a plane in that range and there aren't many other competitors, why sell the plane as cheap as they have been to begin with? If you already have the market cornered why bother selling so low?
OK, looking at the balance sheet they have $42M in cash, but that is down from $325M in December. Meanwhile their debt has increased from $1.756B in December to $1.832B as of June so their net cash has dropped by $355M in only 6 months. It looks like they spent $329M (give or take) buying other companies in those 6 months. Otherwise their working capital (an important measure of the ability to run the business) looks OK at $230M. Looking at the income statement, they are making money: $70.6M in the last quarter on revenue of $226.7M, which is quite remarkable however they had an unusual item which increased earnings somewhat. Otherwise their earnings would have been about $39M, which is still pretty healthy.  All in, the company itself looks healthy and on a bit of a buying binge, growing through acquisition. I don’t like the debt load but that is probably usual for the industry.  When companies grow through acquisition they generally plan to reduce total employment because of redundancies because you sort of get economies of scale. This usually factors into the decision to buy the company: you increase revenues through the purchase and reduce costs by eliminating employees. This is typically how they “sell” an acquisition to investors.  If I was to guess (and it would only be a guess) this company has a team which looks at the employees of the company it just bought and decides where to downsize. It may not downsize from the newly acquired company but from its own existing employees for a variety of reasons. So most likely that is what you were a victim of: it wasn’t because the company was struggling, or because you were necessarily not a good employee. It is a process, albeit sometimes unfair, and you were a victim of it.  The layoff decisions are not always prudent and it can be hard to understand why a particular group was cut instead of another one. Management doesn’t always make the right call. The broadcast industry has been going through consolidation (companies buying companies) for some time now. Most likely management is hoping to “bulk up” to make it harder for another company to buy it and/or to get a better price when it is bought.   So in summary, most likely they are doing this for reasons of greed, ie, they’ll make more money with fewer employees. Sorry about your situation.
Guaranteed 8.2% annual return sounds too good to be true. Am I   right? Are there likely high fees, etc.? You're right. Guaranteed annual return is impossible, especially when you're talking about investments for such a long period of time. Ponzi (and Madoff) schemed their investors using promises of guaranteed return (see this note in Wikipedia: In some cases returns were allegedly determined before the account was even opened.[72]). Her financial advisor doesn't charge by the hour--he takes a   commission. So there's obviously some incentive to sell her things,   even if she may not need them. Definitely not a good sign, if the advisor gets a commission from the sale then he's obviously not an advisor but a sales person. The problem with this kind of investment is that it is very complex, and it is very hard to track. The commission to the broker makes it hard to evaluate returns (you pay 10% upfront, and it takes awhile to just get that money back, before even getting any profits), and since you're only able to withdraw in 20 years or so - there's no real way to know if something wrong, until you get there and discover that oops- no money! Also, many annuity funds (if not all) limit withdrawals to a long period, i.e.: you cannot touch money for like 10 years from investment (regardless of the tax issues, the tax deferred investment can be rolled over to another tax deferred account, but in this case - you can't). I suggest you getting your own financial advisor (that will work for you) to look over the details, and talk to your mother if it is really a scam.
I'm not sure I am fully understanding the nuance of your question, but based on your answer in the comments you and your business are not separate legal entities. So your income is the full $70K, there is no distinct business to have income. If you clarify your question to include why you want to know this I might be able to give a more meaningful answer for your situation.
The initial position is worth 40000. You post 50% margin, so you deposited 20000 and borrowed 20000. 6% of 20000 is 1200.
Whirlpool Washing Machine Service Center in Hyderabad.We have Best service centre in Hyderabad washing machine is essential part of our daily life. So If you are facing any problem with your washing machine you Can Call Us:040-60506610, 60506611, and 60506622.We are providing  fabulous service to you .Our technicians will reach you on time, and They will give good service to our customer.We have best materials for our service.
&gt;  The point is that we've decided as a nation that we want to guarantee a basic level of healthcare  not sure abt that. maybe half the population has.   &gt; Companies like wal-mart take advantage of that, paying low wages and assuming employees will utilize the government assistance.  you can't be mad at someone for following the laws to their advantage. you CAN be mad at the gov't for letting them do it. the public is supposed to have control of gov't, not private business.   &gt; we should just fix our fucking healthcare system.  i think virtually everyone in america agrees. but there's wide disagreement on how.
Millennials are sure as hell not 'less materialistic' then other generations.   You're talking about post-millennials 'Gen Z'. Millennials are the children of the Boomers and as a result, share a lot of the similar characteristics. The problem with the Millennials is that they learned a lot of Boomer traits of their parents but have not been afforded the same economic opportunities as their parents where.  Gen Y and the Boomers are surprisingly some of the most liberal of  generations. However, both are incredibly materialistic whilst being socially progressive.  Gen Z, the post-millennials, grew up post 2001, post GFC. As a result of this chaotic and traumatic world which they grew up in, they tend to prize stability more then the Boomers and Gen Y do. Gen Z are more interested in work being a means to a (hopefully) stable end whereas Gen Y, Boomers see work as being an essential part of their identity as an individual. Gen Z will take many things for granted having grew up with a black President and in a country with a growing awareness of social rights (e.g legalization of same sex marriage) and as a result, will not be as socially progressive as their preceding generations.
Our view is that just be cause AMZN can disrupt somebody else's profit stream, it doesn't mean that AMZN earns that profit stream. For the moment, the market doesn't agree. Perhaps, simply being disruptive is enough.  While he is right in theory, the problem with this viewpoint is it is incredibly short sighted. Amazon is disrupting spaces to the point of near outright ELIMINATING entire markets. When Amazon eliminates a market, that revenue has to go SOMEWHERE... and while Amazon may not turn a profit on it now, since they now own that entire market it would be extremely simple to in the future.  I can make simmilar comments for most of these companies. The reason disruption is being valued so high is because the disruption happening today is so massive compared to history. The disruption these four companies are causing is on the order of magnitude of what Ford caused with the assembly line... Except greater.
Not at the current price.  Take a look at historical charts going back five years. When the meltdown occurred in 2008, gold price took a big dip due to deleveraging, etc. I would expect the same to happen again with the current crisis.
Say your bank gives you a loan at a fix interest rate.  They can loan money themselves for a floating interest rate.  So they try to find someone who will pay, or take, the difference between the fix and the floating interest rate on your loan.    That's an interest rate swap and there is nothing evil about it per se.  Derivatives are like knives, you can use them for live saving heart surgery or just butcher a kid in a back alley.    The inherent danger lies in the fact that it is easier to create than to understand complex derivatives.  This can lead to both sides believing they made on the derivative transaction, a logically impossible situation.  Therefore it is always good when derivatives are traded in a transparent, well-regulated market, where current market price is determined.  But then the expected profit margins are small, so investment bankers will always try to find more exotic derivatives (think of a blindfolded kid using chainsaws for brain surgery).    We need standard derivatives or we have to re-think the whole finance world from grounds up, without any guarantee we'll find anything working any better.  We don't need exotic derivatives, they're almost exclusively there because people shoot for bonuses.
With the disclaimer that I am not a technician, I'd answer yes, it does. SPY (for clarification, an ETF that reflects the S&P 500 index) has dividends, and earnings, therefore a P/E and dividend yield. It would follow that the tools technicians use, such as moving averages, support and resistance levels also apply.  Keep in mind, each and every year, one can take the S&P stocks and break them up, into quintiles or deciles based on return and show that not all stock move in unison. You can break up by industry as well which is what the SPDRs aim to do, and observe the movement of those sub-groups.  But, no, not all the stocks will perform the way the index is predicted to.  (Note - If a technician wishes to correct any key points here, you are welcome to add a note, hopefully, my answer was not biased)
The best partnership agreements cover all contingencies often referred to as the 5 D's:  death, divorce, drugs, disinterest, and disability.  Most do not, however, which makes them such a mess. I was an employee of a firm that went through this, and it is not pleasant from anyone's perspective.     Of course you don't have that option now. Your best bet is to talk to a lawyer and find out your options.  For example, would it be best to form your own company and do the same thing?  Would it be best to give your partner double as your legal fees are likely to be higher then the inflated value?  Could you offer a one time fee and revenue over time in lieu of the one time buy-out?   It is likely to get ugly, and one thing that contributes to this is the emotional turmoil that your partner's family is going through.
Yeah! We were super excited when we got approached by Armenia and Oman; I personally didn't know agriculture was so huge for them, but I guess it's most of their export.   The philosophy we have, and have always had, is that we don't want to restrict the tech to just the US, we want to help farms all over the world!  Of course, our pilots have been local to the LA area, but we're still fairly small; we can't send our whole install team across the world just yet lol. Soon!
It's not really like google is stepping into a new business, it's still just a search function. They're taking one product (search) and making it more full featured.  This would be like TicketMaster being upset you could buy tickets directly from the venues website and you found the website through Google.
Whole life in most instances is a very bad plan. It's marketed as a life insurance policy wrapped in an investment but it does neither very well. The hidden caveat of whole life is that the investment goes away if you die.  Say for example I have a $100,000 whole life insurance policy and over the years I have paid in enough to have a $15,000 cash value on the policy. If I die, my family gets $100,000 and the cash value is lost. With term life you can get a substantially higher amount of coverage for a smaller payment. If you invest the difference you end up not only with better coverage, but a better cash value from the difference if you don't die (which is what we all hope for anyways). As JackiYo said, your insurance should be designed around replacing lost income/value.  You should get 10x your annual income in term life insurance.
This depends entirely on what the market guesses the news will be and how much of that guess has already been factored into the price. There is no general answer beyond that.  Note that this explains the apparently paradoxical responses where a stock good down on good news (the market expected better) or up on bad news (the market expected worse).
"I once saw a graph somewhere on data is beautiful regarding this, and decided to do a bit of math.   If the US ""got their money's worth"" (i.e I took the average dollars/person and average life expectancy, and created a dollars/year of life), the amount we spend on health care would make us nearly a millennium old each."
Apple's strategy in India has been bad over the years.   Initially, their official launches of their phones was nearly 1 year late. So people who wanted those phones either got them by going overseas or getting it through someone. Or black markets, without official warranties.  Then they tried to do the same kind of marketing like in US, of carrier-specific phones which are not even subsidised, totally ignoring the norms of the Indian markets (most phones are sold separately from the mobile plans). Why would anyone in the right mind buy a full priced phone and still get stuck with one company's overpriced iphone specific plan only? or buy an older iphone with subsidised mobile plan?  Apple strategy has to take the primary blame.
If your looking to get a Mac Book Pro with retina display, now's the time.  The Samsung retina panels are the ones that don't have the issues and you have a 50/50 shot of getting either getting a Samsung or an LG one when you buy.  However, with this news, its your last shot it would seem.
Already prevalent in US work culture. Adderall is hell of a drug. You think those Silicon Valley kids are burning the midnight oil by their own sheer will? I can't count on two hands the number of startup founders I've meet that take Adderall and Ambien regularly.
The Indian Scout motorcycle was popular in all over the world from 1920 until 1939. Indian 101 Scout motorcycles were used by police, motorcycle racers, and during the second  World War. During the war, Indian motorcycle has best engines, motors for boats, air conditioners, and bicycles. Probably the most revered Indian Scout motorcycle was the 1928 101 Scout, with its lower shove frame and improved handling. This shows the speed and toughness of Indian Scout motorcycle.
It's none of the school's business what your agreement is with your current employer. It's an odd request and would raise a flag to me about their ability to run a business/school logically and other odd/absurd business practices you may uncover or ways they may treat employees.
Expensing a transfer of funds is incorrect. That will affect the Profit/Loss (Income) statement when you transfer it out and back in, which you do not want, at least for the principle. The interest should be recorded as a interest income. The general way to account for transferring money is to credit the originating account, and debit the destination account. This will only affect the balance sheet accounts. For example: Transferring (buying) 10,000 worth of fix term bank deposits Interest is paid: The bank deposit reaches maturity, so the principle is returned, with the final interest payment. The accounts Checking account and Fixed term bank deposit are asset accounts, which show up on the balance sheet. The Interest income is an income account, which will show up in the income statement. This is how a fixed term/CD is usually recorded. In certain cases, where the business must follow an accounting standard, this may very well be insufficient, but this situation will be unlikely if it's a small private sports club. Having said that, double check to make sure what you've stated is indeed correct, and look back into the past entries to see how it was dealt with before, especially since you said this bookkeeping job is temporary. I would strongly advise against changing non-recent entries, even if they are incorrect. For the insurance payments, that would depend on how the damaged assets were accounted for. It's a little hard to say without more detail-- the extent of the damage, how the diminished value was accounted for in the books, the cost of repair materials, etc.
I feel like this is probably a good thing.   But:  I'm not sure it's going to lower the gender wage gap.  For starters: Women tend to make more than men in their early 20's. So women's **prior** salaries are often actually higher than men's at a certain point in their lives. Later on, of course, men tend to make more. But you could make the argument that asking about prior salaries actually *helps* women in their *early to mid* careers.  Secondly: The gender wage gap for same-skills/same-position is really, really narrow. So asking prior salaries would only seem to work in instances where the candidate was switching careers. Which is to say, it wouldn't help narrow the gender wage gap very often.  Lastly: This helps men just as much as women (which is a good thing, btw) and so it's not really a gender-related law.  All in all it seems like a good law though. HR departments are going to hate it though. And I bet they share data anyway and get around it without asking.
There is nothing called actual, unless you convert currency. There are real offer rates that are slightly different from Bank to Bank. Search Engines give a generic average value based on the sites they are trust / have tie-up with. Banks don't use google or search engines to get the basis, they have quite a bit more info and there is a specific Treasury function that would look at the trend and give out a huge spread between buy and sell.
Here I am in China as a head teacher turning 30 next week.  I gotta ask myself if he is really happy.  I have an easy life, I'm paid and treated with respect and I'm doing okay.  I can't imagine the burden of responsibility he must be feeling right now.  If he made it there at 29 he must be an exceptional individual.  I wish him the best of luck.
You might have better luck using Quandl as a source.  They have free databases, you just need to register to access them.  They also have good api's, easier to use than the yahoo api's Their WIKI database of stock prices is curated and things like this are fixed (www.quandl.com/WIKI ), but I'm not sure that covers the London stock exchange.  They do, however, have other databases that cover the London stock exchange.
"I have a degree in International Economics. No matter how deep of a dive into economics you take, at the end of the day a job is still a voluntary contract between two consenting adults, so stop with the ""not fair"" bullshit."
"She can't afford the house she's living in either. A $2,200 payment is about a $400K to well over half a million dollar home depending on her interest rate. Her housing costs should be at most 30% of her take home income, which is about $1,020 and would ***ONLY*** allow her to be able to afford to share a multi-bedroom apartment in Santa Cruz. Homes start in the $400K Range in that areas and go into the (tens of) millions of dollars.  The $700/ month loan issue is bad but that house is going to be the final nail in the coffin the moment home repairs need to be done and she can't afford to do them.  Personally I gave up trying to make the housing situation work out here in the Bay Area. My rent is jumping from $2,300 to $2,600 next month right over the hill in Santa Clara. I decided to buy a decent, modest, house in a great city the Midwest. Mortgage before property taxes and insurance is only $1,100. Out here in California it would be valued at an $800K to $900K home easily with  close to a $5,500 mortgage payment. No thanks.  If anything these articles are a good example of people playing fast and loose with their personal finances. The woman in the article is simply living beyond her means. Credit lets you pretend that you're of larger means than you really are for only so long. I made the choice to fund my retirement and pay off a home, rather than sunshine and  close proximity to the beach.   As the woman in the article mentioned: &gt;""I will be working *for as long as I'm employable*. I will never be able to retire,  At her age it may not be very long until she finds herself unemployable. She's right about never retiring, she spent her retirement living some place she couldn't afford to live, while obtaining an education she couldn't afford to pay for."
"hahah ""Delta called the 737-7 MAX uneconomical vs CSeries,""  Hmmmmmmmm... maybe because their competition was **subsidized**?!  Production numbers are meaningless too.  They could have been influenced by the understanding that a direct competitor was able to make products below cost because of Canadian subsidies."
Lol I'm not even talking about no government (although that's ideal) you're just retarded to think income tax is the ONLY way to fund a government. Like I said before a federal sales tax would more than suffice and in a lot of cases would work better but please by all means continue to live in ignorance. Just because things have been done a certain way for a long time doesn't mean it's the best or most efficient way.
"I love John's answer, but I just can't help myself from adding my 2 cents, even though it's over 5 years later. I sold cars for a while in the late 90s, and I mostly agree with John's answer. Where I disagree though, is that where I worked, the salesperson did not have ANY authority to make a sale. A sales manager was required to sign off on every sale. That doesn't mean that the manager had to interact with the buyer, that could all be handled behind the scenes, but the pricing and even much of the negotiating strategies were dictated by the sales managers. Some of the seasoned salespeople would estimate numbers on their own, but occasionally you'd hear the managers still chew them out with ""I wish you wouldn't have said that"". Of course, every dealership is different. Additional purchase advice: There is a strategy that can work well for the buyer, but only in scenarios where the salesperson is trying to prevent you from leaving. They may start interrupting you as you are packing up, or blocking your path to the door, or even begging. If this happens, they are obviously desperate for whatever reason. In this case, if you came prepared with research on a good price that you are comfortable with, then shoot lower and hold firm to the point of near exhaustion. Not so low that that they realize you're too far away- they will let you leave at that point. It needs to be within a reasonable amount, perhaps at most 1-2% of the purchase price. Once you detect the salesperson is desperate, you finally move up to your goal number or possibly a little lower. Typically the salesperson will be so happy to have gotten you to move at all that they'll accept. And if the managers are fed up too (like 45 minutes after close), they'll accept too. I saw this happen multiple times in a high pressure scenario. I also used it once myself as a buyer. If you are planning to purchase options that can be added at the dealer rather than from the factory, keep them up your sleeve at first. Get your negotiations down to where you are a little further apart than the invoice price of the option, then make your move. For example, suppose the option you want retails for $350 with an invoice of $300. Get within about $400 of the dealer. Then offer to pay their price, but only if they throw in the option you want. This will throw them completely off guard because they didn't expect it and all of their calculations were based on without it. If they say yes, you effectively moved $100 and they moved $300. It's much more likely that they'll agree to this than taking $300 off the price of the car. (I'm guessing the reason for this is partially due to how their accounting works with sticker price vs aftermarket price, and partially psychological.) Note, this works best with new cars, and make sure you only do this if it's for items they can add after the fact. Even if they don't have the part in stock it's ok, they can give you an IOU. But if the option requires a car change to something they don't have on the lot, it will probably just make them mad."
ADP is a private company that handles a lot of payroll operations for bigger businesses. Because they service so many businesses, they can get a decent estimation of how the job market is as a whole based on what they're seeing with their clients.   So ADP's numbers are an estimate, their own experiences extrapolated to estimate the behavior of the economy as a whole.   The official figures pull data from more sources and is likely more accurate. And it's seasonally adjusted.
No. You should only donate appreciated stock. If you own a stock at a loss, you can only deduct the FMV (fair market value) when you donate. Instead, you should sell it, take the loss on your taxes, and donate the cash.
"Victor addressed the card issue with an excellent answer, I'd like to take a stab at the budget and income side.  Your question clearly stated ""I am left with no extra money"" each month. Whenever I read such an assertion, I ask the person, ""but surely, X% of people in your country get by on a salary that's 95% of yours."" In other words, there's the juggling of the debt itself, which as Victor's math shows, is one piece of the puzzle. The next piece is to sift through your budget and find $100/mo you spend that could be better spent reducing your debt. Turn down the temperature in the winter, up in the summer, etc. Take lunch to work. No Lattes. Really look at the budget and do something.  On the income side. There are countless ways to earn a bit of extra money. I knew a blogger who started a site called ""Deliver away Debt."" He told a story of delivering pizza every Friday and Saturday night. The guy had a great day job, in high tech, but it didn't lend itself to overtime, and he had the time available those two evenings to make money to kill off the debt he and his wife had. Our minimum wage is currently just over $7, but I happened to see a sign in a pizza shop window offering this exact position. $10/hr plus gas money. They wanted about 8 hours a weekend and said in general, tips pushed the rate to well over $15/hr. (They assumed I was asking for the job, and I said I was asking for a friend). This is just one idea.  Next, and last. I knew a gal with a three bedroom small house. Tight budget. I suggested she find a roommate. She got so many responses, she took in two people, and the rents paid her mortgage bill in full. Out of debt in just over a year, instead of 4+. And in her case, no extra hours at all.  There are sites with literally 100's of ideas. It takes one to match your time, interest, and skill. When you are at $0 extra, even finding $250/mo will change your life."
It depends on the relative rates and relative risk. Ignore the deduction. You want to compare the rates of the investment and the mortgage, either both after-tax or both before-tax. Your mortgage costs you 5% (a bit less after-tax), and prepayments effectively yield a guaranteed 5% return. If you can earn more than that in your IRA with a risk-free investment, invest. If you can earn more than that in your IRA while taking on a degree of risk that you are comfortable with, invest. If not, pay down your mortgage. See this article: Mortgage Prepayment as Investment: For example, the borrower with a 6% mortgage who has excess cash flow would do well to use it to pay down the mortgage balance if the alternative is investment in assets that yield 2%. But if two years down the road the same assets yield 7%, the borrower can stop allocating excess cash flow to the mortgage and start accumulating financial assets. Note that he's not comparing the relative risk of the investments. Paying down your mortgage has a guaranteed return. You're talking about CDs, which are low risk, so your comparison is simple. If your alternative investment is stocks, then there's an element of risk that it won't earn enough to outpace the mortgage cost. Update: hopefully this example makes it clearer: For example, lets compare investing $100,000 in repayment of a 6% mortgage with investing it in a fund that pays 5% before-tax, and taxes are deferred for 10 years. For the mortgage, we enter 10 years for the period, 3.6% (if that is the applicable rate) for the after tax return, $100,000 as the present value, and we obtain a future value of $142,429. For the alternative investment, we do the same except we enter 5% as the return, and we get a future value of $162,889. However, taxes are now due on the $62,889 of interest, which reduces the future value to $137,734. The mortgage repayment does a little better. So if your marginal tax rate is 30%, you have $10k extra cash to do something with right now, mortgage rate is 5%, IRA CD APY is 1%, and assuming retirement in 30 years: If you want to plug it into a spreadsheet, the formula to use is (substitute your own values): (Note the minus sign before the cash amount.) Make sure you use after tax rates for both so that you're comparing apples to apples. Then multiply your IRA amount by (1-taxrate) to get the value after you pay future taxes on IRA withdrawals.
IANAL; perhaps some form of fraud.  They are making appointments under false pretense costing Lyft time and money.  However, I believe you are limited to recouping the lost value.  So how much does a false appointment cost, probably not enough to justify pursuing.
"I understand that, but in a field where so many do go by DJ [insert name] it can be a little off. I agree in almost any other case it wouldn't make any difference. When it comes to performers I think it's better to have their name accurately displayed, as it is their brand they are representing. Not a big deal, really. Just thought it was weak to not notice that when researching the piece. I think ""electronic artist"", ""musician"" or something else in that vein would have been better.   Then again, I work in that industry so I'm probably just being nitpicky.   **Edited for grammar**"
we have massive numbers of people out of work and our infrastructure is crumbling.  We put people to work just like we did in the 30's; our infrastructure gets fixed and so does our economy.  I totally agree that for an economy to grow we have to make more stuff.  We're not making the stuff now because people cannot afford to purchase it.  If given funds, people would purchase stuff, and stuff would get made.  This got us out of them great depression and has kept Scandinavia strong, and even got Iceland out of it's terrible brush with Libertarianism.  Brazil is becoming a first world powerhouse by this sort of redistribution.  Redistributing money down the ladder has the benefit of working.    Austerity leads to Greece.  And Spain. And Portugal. And Ireland.  But not Germany, because they deficit-spent their way out of their recession.
"I'm going to start with your title question: How can home buying be considered a sound investment with all of that interest that needs to be paid? If taken literally, this is a loaded question because if you pay cash for a home, you don't pay any interest. Furthermore, if your interest rate is 3% for 10 years you won't pay nearly as much interest as you will if your rate is 10% for 30 years, so ""all of that interest"" is relative to your personal situation. Having said that, of course I understand what you mean. Most people pay interest, and interest is expensive, so how do you calculate if it's worth it? That question has been asked and answered, but for your particular situation, you really have two separate questions: I believe you should answer these questions independently. If you move far away, it's probably the case that you can save a lot of money by either renting or buying in that location. So you should first consider if it's worth it to move, and then if it is, decide if it's worth it to rent or buy. If you decide not to move far away, then decide if maybe you can save money by renting somewhere near your current home. Since it sounds like if you move you may have to become a landlord, living close by to your tenant may also make it easier to deal with problems when they arise."
Good deal - glad to help.  It seems little is discussed and even less is actually known about this part of the back office. I've found a bit of recon and certain other ops exposure is invaluable no matter where you want to end up in a firm.  [FINRA 4523 \(pdf\)](http://www.finra.org/web/groups/industry/@ip/@reg/@notice/documents/notices/p123733.pdf) was the latest buzz at the office earlier this year.
"i think separate accounts is the simplest way to go. if the tax breaks are significant, then the inconvenience should be worth it.  you could gift or loan money back and forth. done properly, it should be technically legal (or grey enough to not cause irs trouble). specifically, they could gift you 100k$ in january and then you could gift them 110k$ in december, leaving a net gift of 10k$ for the year from you to them, which is under the annual gift tax exclusion. based on market performance, you could gift back exactly enough to hit the gift tax exclusion and keep the rest in their ""account"" with you. loans would work similarly, but the irs tends to treat undocumented or interest-free loans as weird gifts. but honestly, you might just be trading day-to-day overhead for tax audit risk. lastly, no offense meant, but i suspect that your strategy is probably just some form of martingale betting system, and you might cause some serious family strife when you eventually meet your gambler's ruin. even if everything goes smoothly, it would take some serious trust for your family to assume that you only netted them 10% roi, when your spending habits make it look like you are getting 30%. even if you used a single account, documenting the trades to their satisfaction might be more hassle than maintaining a separate account. personally, i would not trade family accord for another 2% roi."
Yes, R&amp;D is a cost center. It is the very definition of a cost center.  I think you need to go back to business school... or even simply click the link I posted above (**which by the way explicitly lists R&amp;D and IT as examples of a cost center, so it is plainly obvious you did not read it)** - then you can revisit this conversation.
That happens in a lot of cities, I been to south america and some places you had houses going for a million and just a few miles away there was an actual slum  Supply and demand, still orlando isn't as insane as the bay area
Something that's come up in comments and been alluded to in answers, but not explicit as far as I can tell: Even if your marginal tax rate now were equal to your marginal tax rate in retirement, or even lower, a traditional IRA may have advantages.  That's because it's your effective tax rate that matters on withdrawls. (Based on TY 2014, single person, but applies at higher numbers for other arrangements): You pay 0 taxes on the first $6200 of income, and then pay 10% on the next $9075, then 15% on $27825, then 25% on the total amount over that up to $89530, etc.  As such, even if your marginal rate is 25% (say you earn $80k), your effective rate is much less: for example, $80k income, you pay taxes on $73800.  That ends up being $14,600, for an effective rate in total of 17.9%. Let's say you had the same salary, $80k, from 20 to 65, and for 45 years saved up 10k a year, plus earned enough returns to pay you out $80k a year in retirement.  In a Roth, you pay 25% on all $10k.  In a traditional, you save that $2500 a year (because it comes off the top, the amount over $36900), and then pay 17.9% during retirement (your effective tax rate, because it's the amount in total that matters).   So for Roth you had 7500*(returns), while for Traditional the correct amount isn't 10k*(returns)*0.75, but 10k*(returns)*0.821.  You make the difference between .75 and .82 back even with the identical income.  [Of course, if your $10k would take you down a marginal bracket, then it also has an 'effective' tax rate of something between the two rates.] Thus, Roth makes sense if you expect your effective tax rate to be higher in retirement than it is now.  This is very possible, still, because for people like me with a mortgage, high property taxes, two kids, and student loans, my marginal tax rate is pretty low - even with a reasonably nice salary I still pay 15% on the stuff that's heading into my IRA.  (Sadly, my employer has only a traditional 401k, but they also contribute to it without requiring a match so I won't complain too much.)  Since I expect my eventual tax rate to be in that 18-20% at a minimum, I'd benefit from a Roth IRA right now. This matters more for people in the middle brackets - earning high 5 figure salaries as individuals or low 6 figure as a couple - because the big difference is relevant when a large percentage of your income is in the 15% and below brackets.  If you're earning $200k, then so much of your income is taxed at 28-33% it doesn't make nearly as much of a difference, and odds are you can play various tricks when you're retiring to avoid having as high of a tax rate.
The actual physical act of obtaining the sequence data isn't the cause of the delay.  The current estimates of 8 - 10 weeks for tumor genome sequencing are mainly due to the data processing.    Pooling data and processing power would actually be a huge advantage in this.  After you have all the sequencing data, you need to identify changes in the tumor, and then determine what exactly they mean (the really difficult part).  If centers around the world pool their data, and correlate it to clinical information, the data set expands exponentially which helps everyone.  Otherwise, each center will have their own data set, which will probably get published eventually, but there will be a huge delay before this information gets to the appropriate people, where it can help.  Data pooling of this sort is already done in a lot of other cases, cytogenetic arrays, newborn screening, etc.
"He wants to send me money, as a gift. Do you know this friend? It could easily be a scam. What I don't know is that how much money can he send and what are the taxes that would be applicable in this case? There is no limit; you have to pay taxes as per your tax brackets. This will be added as ""income from other sources"". I'll probably be using that money to invest in stock market. If the idea is you will make profits from stock market and pay this back, you need to follow the Foreign Exchange Management Act. There are restrictions on transfer of funds outside of India."
Everybody on the car title will need to participate in the selling process. The person who is buying the car will need everybody to sign the paperwork so that nobody months later tries to say they never agreed to sell the car. The money will have to be sent to the lender to pay off the rest of the loan. If the money isn't enough to pay off the loan everybody will have to decide how the extra money will be sent to the lender. This will have to be done as part of the selling process because the lender doesn't want you to sell the car and keep the cash. Once the car is gone so is the collateral and they can't take it back if you miss payments.  If the cousin is too far away to participate in the selling of the car, you may need the buyer and the lender to tell you how to proceeded. If you are selling at a dealership they will know what documents and signatures will be needed, the bank will also know what to do. If the loan is almost paid off it may be easier to pay the loan first, and then get the title without the lenders name before trying to sell it.
It depends and I would not just jump into conclusion as I have seen cases where offering some services are not U.S. sourced income. I'll advise you speak with a knowledgeable tax professional.
11.5 million jobs haven't been lost. It says the industry shrunk to 11.5 million. Big difference. I just want that to be made clear. The consensus is that around 2.5 million manufacturing jobs were lost this decade due to trade with China. [Source](http://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/row/RS21625.pdf).
If you buy stock in established companies, it is vey unlikely that they will lose all their value. Spreading your money across multiple stocks -- diversifying -- reduces that risk because it is extremely unlikely that they all lose all their value at once. Spreading them across multiple industries and adding bonds to the mix increases diversification. Of course the trade-off is that if one of the stocks skyrockets you don't benefit as much as if you had been lucky enough to put all your money in that one stock.  You need to decide for yourself how much risk you are willing to tolerate in exchange for the chance of gains.  Other answers on this site have dealt with this in more detail.
"It really depends on the answers to two questions: 1) How tight is your budget going to be if you have to make that $530 payment every month?  Obviously, you'd still be better off than you are now, since that's still $30 cheaper. But, if you're living essentially paycheck to paycheck, then the extra flexibility of the $400/month option can make the difference if something unforeseen happens.  2) How disciplined (financially) have you proven you can be? The ""I'll make extra payments every month"" sounds real nice, but many people end up not doing it. I should know, I'm one of them. I'm still paying on my student loans because of it. If you know (by having done it before), that you can make that extra $130 go out each and every month and not talk yourself into using it on all sorts of ""more important needs"", then hey, go for it. Financial flexibility is a great thing, and having that monthly nut (all your minimum living expenses combined) as low as possible contributes greatly to that flexibility.  Update: Another thing to consider Another thing to consider is what they do with your extra payment. Will they apply it to the principal, or will they treat it as a prepayment? If they apply it to principal, it'll be just like if you had that shorter term. Your principal goes down additionally by that extra amount, and the next month, you owe another $400.  On the other hand, if they treat it as a prepayment, then that extra $130 will be applied to the next month's bill. Principal stays the same, and the next month you'll be billed $270.   There are two practical differences for you:  1) With prepayment, you'll pay slightly more interest over that 60 months paying it off. Because it's not amortized into the loan, the principal balance doesn't go down faster while the loan exists. And since interest is calculated on the remaining principal balance, end result is more interest than you otherwise would have paid. That sucks, but:  2) with the prepayment, consider that at the end of year 2, you'd have over 7 months of payments prepaid. So, if some emergency does come up, you don't have to send them any money at all for 7 months. There's that flexibility again. :-)  Honestly, while this is something you should find out about the loan, it's really still a wash. I haven't done the math, but with the interest rate, amount of the loan and time frame, I think the extra interest would be pretty minor."
Make a menu of 15 (or more) things you like to eat.  Write a grocery list for what it takes.  Divide that list into perishable and non-perishable. Put those items into a calendar and try to stick to it. Depending on the amount of storage space you have, once a week fulfill your perishable list.  Use coupons and shop the sales to keep your prices down. On your way home, stop at the grocery store and buy only the perishables you will need that night for cooking.  I personally chose recipes that didn't always need fresh stuff (like canned tomatoes being good enough.) You spend more on the nightly stuff, but you make up some savings with the long term shopping.  Just count on going to the store for 10 minutes a night a part of your cooking routine.  I used to just look at the wall, but with an app like Evernote this would be pretty easy.
http://www.ehow.com/about_4625753_cobra-as-selfemployed-health-insurance.html This link makes it clear... it has to be itemized, and is subject to the > than 7.5% AGI rule.
I don't have a source for this, but intuitively more finance options could increase people's willingness to pay, which is akin to shifting the demand curve outwards, leading to an increase in price, all other things equal. Consider asking a variation of this question in /r/askeconomics for a better answer.
All data for a single adult in tax year 2010. Roth IRA  401K Roth 401k Traditional IRA and your employer offers a 401k Traditional IRA and your employer does NOT offer a 401k So, here are your options. If you have a 401k at work, you could max that out.  If you make close to $120K, you could reduce your AGI enough to contribute to a Roth IRA. If you do not have a 401k at work, you could contribute to a Traditional IRA and deduct the $5K from your AGI similar to how a 401k works. Other than that, I think you are looking at investing outside of a retirement plan which means more flexibility, but no tax advantage.
1: Gambling losses not in excess of gambling winnings can be deducted on Schedule A, line 28.  See Pub 17 (p 201).  Line 28 catches lots of deductions, and gambling losses are one of them.  See Schedule A instructions. 2: If the Mississippi state tax withheld was an income tax (which I assume it was), then it goes on Schedule A, line 5a.  In the unlikely event it was not a state or local tax on income, but some sort of excise on gambling, then it may be deductible on line 8 as another deductible tax.  It probably is not a personal property tax, which is generally levied against the value of things like cars and other movable property but not on receipts of cash; line 7 probably is not appropriate.  The most likely result, without researching Mississippi SALT, is that it was an income tax.  See Sched A Instructions for more on the differences between the types of taxes paid. Just to be clear, these statements hold if you are not engaging in poker as a profession.  If you are engaging in poker as a business, which can be difficult to establish in the IRS' eyes, then you would use Schedule C and also report business and travel expenses.  But the IRS is aware that people want to reduce their gambling income by the cost of hotels and flights to casinos, so it's a relatively high hurdle to be considered a professional poker player.
"Find a stock screener that has data for the BSE and NSE. You may be able to look directly at volatility but a good stock screener will have the technical analysis indicator called ""average true range"", ATR for short. This will let you see the average range of price moves over several days."
"Eh, farmers markets arent all they are cracked up to be. Perhaps because i live in cali where our ""farms"" are literally the same manufacturing facility that stocks safeway shelves.  I want a place to buy high end products."
Yes, but, that math is still inconsistent.   . . . . . . . If you haven't figured out, I'm just messing with you.  :D   But, to answer your question.  The highest GDP is not being even accessed by all members of our nation.  Hence, some people are living a top 1st world nation, some are in moderate 2nd level nation; while a good chunk are living as though they are in a 3rd world/developing nation.
"The price of the last trade... Is the price of the last trade. It indicates what one particular buyer and seller agreed upon. There is absolutely no requirement that one of them didn't offer too much or demand too little, so this is nearly meaningless as an indication of what anyone else will be willing to offer or demand. An average of trades across a sufficiently large number of transactions might indicate a rough consensus about the value of a stock, but transactions will be clustered around that average and the average itself moves over time. Either you offer to sell or buy at a particular price, wait for that price, and risk the transaction not taking place at all if nobody agrees, or you do a spot transaction and get the best price at that nanosecond (which may not be the best in the next nanosecond). Or you tell the broker what the limits are that you consider acceptable, trading these risks off against each other. Pick the one which comes closest to your intent and ignore the fact that others may be getting a slightly different price. That's just the way the market works. ""If his price is lower, why didn't you buy it there?"" ""He's out of stock."" ""Well, come back when I'm out of stock and I'll be unable to sell it to you for an even better price!"""
Your best bet is to just look at comparative balance sheets or contact the company itself. Otherwise, you will need access to a service like PrivCo to get data.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.yahoo.com/news/venezuela-govt-backers-attack-lawmakers-congress-165635225.html) reduced by 79%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The government supporters reached as far as the corridors of the congressional building, striking and injuring at least three lawmakers.  &gt; El Aissami made an address in which he called on supporters of Maduro to come to the legislature to show support for him.  &gt; A crowd of Maduro supporters held a rally outside the building for several hours before breaking into the grounds.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6lfnyt/venezuela_government_backers_attack_lawmakers_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~159951 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **support**^#1 **Maduro**^#2 **building**^#3 **Lawmaker**^#4 **three**^#5"
No. You can initiate SWIFT payments from Bank A, whenever Bank A is open for business. The transaction takes around 2-5 days for it to complete depending on the currency pair and countries involved. Once you initiate the payment, the Bank A sends it to SWIFT Network which in turn send it to Bank B. Whenever Bank B is open for business it would process the payment.
Infrastructure is paid through private investment because it is believed to help stimulate the economy, now whether or not it stimulates the economy more or less then a public company is up for debate between economist.  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2013/feb/15/government-jobs-vs-private-jobs-which-help-economy/ Btw- OF COURSE private investors are gonna do the bare minimum, every large company crunches pennies! It's the governments jobs to make sure all companies are following rule of law &amp; regulations and keep its citizens safe. maybe laws will change due to the hurricanes effect?
There's no additional income tax burden created when you decide to make Roth IRA contributions, your Roth IRA contributions are taxed at the same time all your income is taxed. If you earned that $100 by working a job, then your employer likely withheld taxes when they paid you. If you earned it through self-employment, then you'll pay estimated taxes on that income quarterly, etc. In any case when you file your annual tax return the actual taxes owed vs taxes paid gets reconciled and you're left with a refund or owe an additional sum.
I'm arguing that proclaiming that everyone in a certain area is part of some collective agreement isn't the same as actually having a collective agreement. Therefore, no person has an obligation to pay for it if he/she does not want to be a part of it. And no, they don't have an obligation to take positive action to reject it.
All sorts of conditions, yes. Most commonly is a limitation on the exercise date.  The two more common would be American which is exercisable any time, and European which are only exercisable on their expiry date. Sometimes they may be linked to the original asset, and might only be convertible to stock if that original asset is given/sold back to the company.  (Effectively perhaps making the bond convertible to stock). Lots more details on the Pedia, but in short, basically you need to read the warrant contract individually, as each will differ.
Just tried to buy lunch with some gold dust. They said they only take US dollars.  Gold is really no different than fiat paper/digital or even cryptocurrencies. Outside of the industrial uses for it, of which there are many but not so many that it would use up all the gold that's been mined shy of just using up all the gold that's been mined to use up all the gold that's been mined, its value is also based on perception and perceived value.. ..no different than anything else someone wants and is willing to do x in order to get it.  When push comes to shove, other things contain way more value than gold, and gold is just *a* medium with which to exchange those things for.. But, again, only because people agree for it *to* be a medium they're willing to accept.  Again, you can't eat, drink, fuck, shelter, etc yourself with gold, you can only get food, drink, sex with it.. ..if the other party is willing to accept it which, today, wasn't the case.  https://www.coindesk.com/gold-investor-john-hathaway-cryptocurrencies-garbage/
Well, I see that *[ThatMoron](http://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/uocxp/my_small_family_company_really_needs_help_with/c4xccg2)* gave you some interesting advice; but it sounds to me like some minor renovations to your existing app might be the best way for you to go. I recommend you look into *that* option. Is the person / company who originally built the system someone you can reach out to? Or, do you have the source code and the right to modify the software as part of what you purchased?  *Edit:* link
&gt;  live with dignity and have their basic needs covered shouldn't exist. &gt; But don't you think this position has the unintended  That's a good question.  Complex due to the fact that internships are abused.    I love the concept of apprenticeships and I think part-time work definitely has a place.  But even part-time work shouldn't be such that if it was stretched into full-time work that you wouldn't have a livable wage.    What are your thoughts on this?
Since the transaction was not your bank's mistake (but a decision by the Indian government) why should your bank bear the cost of the unsuccessful transaction? Your bank charged a fee for a service that you were willing to pay for. You might be able to negotiate a full or partial refund, and I have done the same with my own bank for fees that I didn't feel were appropriate.  Your bank will agree or not based on how much they value your business. If you are an otherwise profitable customer, they may agree to refund the fee.
"This is just trade warfare.   China is rejecting loads based on the presence of the ""Vipterra"" corn trait which is just another BT variant from Syngenta.   China has only rejected loads from America based on the presence of Vipterra despite every single load coming from Brazil and Argentina having this trait present. Vipterra is grown a ton in South America due to the very high insect pressure."
Are you planning to have a dream home of your own? Don’t compromise with the style and latest trends in home interiors and planning. Architects and interior designers in Gurgaon can suggest you numerous ideas for construction as well as interior decoration of your house.
this is to prevent fraud, and there is likely nothing (through paypal) that you can do to speed up the process apart from making sure you verify all the accounts linked to PayPal (bank, credit, etc) and that your relatives do the same. Be mindful that Paypal is NOT intended as a large sum transfer service - they are a convenience for online payments. Using an established monetary transfer system (wire, etc) for this purpose in the first place would have saved some time at the expense of a convenience fee. Tax implications, etc all apply, etc.
Thank you for the comment,  New markets open and close all the time, its interesting seeing the new characters appear here as a certain country demands a supply of a new certain product. You feel a bit ahead of the trends here sometimes in that respect.  Thanks
This answer assumes you're asking about how to handle this issue in the USA. I generally downvote questions that ask about a tax/legal issue and don't bother providing the jurisdiction. In my opinion it is extremely rude. Seeing that you applied for an LLC, I think that you somehow consider it as a relevant piece of information. You also attribute some importance to the EIN which has nothing to do with your question. I'm going to filter out that noise. As an individual/sole-proprietor (whether under LLC or not), you cannot use fiscal years, only calendar years. It doesn't matter if you decide to have your LLC taxed as S-Corp as well, still calendar year. Only C-Corp can have a fiscal year, and you probably don't want to become a C-Corp. So the year ends on December 31, and whether accrual or cash - you can only deduct expenses you incurred until then. Also, you must declare the income you got until then, which in your case will be the full amount of funding - again regardless of whether you decided to be cash-based or accrual based. So the main thing you need to do is to talk to a licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your state) and learn about the tax law relevant to your business and its implications on your actions. There may be some ways to make it work better, and there are some ways in which you can screw yourself up completely in your scenario, so do get a professional advice.
I suggest that you first decide on what %'s of the home value you each have a legal claim to. Then split the mortgage using the same %'s. Then, if someone feels their % is slightly higher, they are compensated because they 'own' a correspondingly higher share of the house. Use the same %'s for downpayments (which may mean that an 'adjustment' payment might be required to bring your initial cash outlay from 70/30 into the %'s that you agree to). Tenant income gets split the same way. Utilities are a bit more difficult - as heating depends more on square feet, but water and hydro depend more on how many people are there. You can try to be really precise about working out the %'s, or just keep it simple by using the same %'s as the mortgage.
used to be, e.g. Merrill Lynch, whatever you had on account in equities could be written as a check on your Merrill account.  so if you had $500,000,000 in stocks/bonds but $200,000 in cash checking, you could still write a check for up to your portfolio's total value
Here's a sneak peek of /r/wallstreetbets using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!  \#1: [By Popular Request: if this post gets 5k upvotes, I will livestream the AAPL earnings. If it gets 10k upvotes, I will webcam myself during it.](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5qprhh/by_popular_request_if_this_post_gets_5k_upvotes_i/)   \#2: [Upvote to ban all of Canada from the internet](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/upvote_to_ban_all_of_canada_from_the_internet/)   \#3: [If this post gets over 3000 (3k) upvotes, we will bring back the rainbow dicks](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5e0ybw/if_this_post_gets_over_3000_3k_upvotes_we_will/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)
"I often find the one-star reviews on yelp help me determine whether or not I want to try the place more than the other reviews.  If the complaint is something completely unreasonable (e.g. long wait for brunch on Mother's Day), or an idiot who doesn't understand how that food is cooked or wine is served, then I completely discount the negatives.    The positive reviews are tough to judge by unless they are there en-masse.  I find hole-in-the-wall places to be nearly impossible to judge on Yelp, because there seems to be a hipster vibe of ""I like this place because nobody knows about it.""  That said, if you take your time and read all reviews, you can get a pretty good sense of the place (at least in my experience)."
A mutual fund makes distributions of its dividends and capital gains, usually once a year, or seminanually or quarterly or monthly etc; it does not distribute any capital losses to its shareholders but holds them for offsetting capital gains in future years, (cf, this answer of mine to a different question). A stock pays  dividends; a stock neither has nor does it  distribute capital gains: you get capital gains (or losses) when you sell the shares of the stock, but these are not called distributions of any kind. Similarly, you incur capital gains or losses when you  redeem shares of mutual funds but these are not called distributions  either. Note that non-ETF mutual fund shares are generally not bought and sold on stock exchanges; you buy shares directly from the fund and you sell shares back (redeem them) directly to the fund.  All of the above transactions are taxable events for the year to you unless the shares are being held in a tax-deferred account or are tax-free for other reasons (e.g. dividends from a municipal bond fund).
The preapproval is the bank stating that they will loan you up to A with a down-payment of B for Y years at R rate. If you don't ned all the money that is great they will still give you the loan. You can keep the down-payment thew some amount of money or the same percentage of the purchase price whichever you want. For example: Preapproval of $200,000 and a down-payment of $50,000 (20%)  allows you to buy a house for $250,000. But you find one for $240,000, you can either: Neither of these needs a new pre-approval. In both cases your monthly payment will be lower than the original loan was expected to be. If you want to change to $200K for the loan and $40K for the down payment. or in other words decrease the percentage of down-payment; you might run into an issue that the bank doesn't think you have enough of your own money in the deal. Or you may now require PMI where you didn't previously. In this case they will need to re-approve you. Now if the price goes up the bank could require more money down, or may need to re-evaluate the loan.
I'm not begrudging anyone for abiding by the law and minimizing their tax burden.  To do otherwise would amount to writing a check to the government, which is an asinine thing to do if you're concerned with actually changing the system.  You can speculate on his motivations, but he's gone out of his way to make his thoughts on the subject known, I have no reason to doubt the earnestness of his arguments.  Regardless, it's an impossible task to locate such an argument in a specific physical brain, all we need to do is show that such a thought process is theoretically sound in order to throw that premise into serious question.  &gt; Pray tell, what angel do you trust to make the decision of whether and to what extent systemic risk is introduced?  I'm skeptical that such an angel (or some distributed process accomplishing the same goal) exists.  But if the actuaries can't figure out a way to do it, then wouldn't that be cause to reevaluate the blind faith many people place in markets?
Less than 2 1/2% of all US currency actually exists.  The rest is digital entries.  In a financial crisis you'll need lots of rare cash.  Twenty dollar bills are the best choice.  Stash as many as you can afford to.  Best to stash in a anchored security safe.  And for goodness sakes, don't tell anyone.
I'm an Aussie and I purchased 5 of these properties from 2008 to 2010. I was looking for positive cash flow on properties for not too much upfront investment. The USA property market made sense because of the high Aussie $$ at the time, the depressed property market in the US and the expensive market here.  I used an investment web-site that allowed me to screen properties by yield and after eliminating outliers, went for the city with the highest consistent yield performance. I settled on Toledo, Ohio as it had the highest yields and was severely impacted by the housing crisis. I bought my first property for $18K US which was a little over $17K AUD.  The property was a duplex in great condition in a reasonable location.  Monthly rentals $US900 and rents guaranteed and direct deposited into my bank account every month by section 8.  Taxes $900 a year and $450 a year for water. Total return around $US8,000.   My second property was a short sale in a reasonable area. The asking was $US8K and was a single family in good condition already tenanted.  I went through the steps with the bank and after a few months, was the proud owner of another tenanted, positive cash flow property returning $600 a month gross. Taxes of $600 a year and water about the same.  $US6K NET a year on a property that cost $AUD8K Third and fourth were two single family dwellings in good areas.  These both cost $US14K each and returned $US700 a month each.  $US28K for two properties that gross around $US15K a year.   My fifth property was a tax foreclosure of a guy with 2 kids whose wife had left him and whose friend had stolen the money to repay the property taxes.  He was basically on the bones of his butt and was staring down the barrel of being homeless with two kids.  The property was in great condition in a reasonable part of town.  The property cost me $4K.  I signed up the previous owner in a land contract to buy his house back for $US30K. Payments over 10 years at 7% came out to around $US333 per month.  I made him an offer whereby if he acted as my property manager, i would forgo the land contract payments and pay him a percentage of the rents in exchange for his services. I would also pay for any work he did on the properties.  He jumped at it.  Seven years later, we're still working together and he keeps the properties humming.  Right now the AUD is around 80c US and looks like falling to around 65c by June 2015.  Rental income in Aussie $$ is around $2750 every month. This month (Jan 2015) I have transferred my property manager's house back to him with a quit claim deed and sold the remaining houses for $US100K  After taxes and commission I expect to receive in the vicinity of AUD$120K  Which is pretty good for a $AUD53K investment.  I've also received around $30K in rent a year. I'm of the belief I should be buying when everybody else is selling and selling when everybody else is buying.   I'm on the look-out for my next positive cash flow investment and I'm thinking maybe an emerging market smashed by the oil shock.   I wish you all happiness and success in your investment. Take care. VR
There are a few things you should keep in mind when getting another vehicle: DON'T use dealership financing. Get an idea of the price range you're looking for, and go to your local bank or find a local credit union and get a pre-approval for a loan amount (that will also let you know what kind of interest rates you'll get). Your credit score is high enough that you shouldn't have any problems securing a decent APR. Check your financing institution's rules on financing beyond the vehicle's value. The CU that refinanced my car noted that between 100% and 120% of the vehicle's value means an additional 2% APR for the life of the loan. Value between 120% and 130% incurred an additional 3% APR. Your goal here is to have the total amount of the loan less than or equal to the value of the car through the sale / trade-in of your current vehicle, and paying off whatever's left out of pocket (either as a down-payment, or simply paying off the existing loan).  If you can't manage that, then you're looking at immediately being upside-down on the new vehicle, with a potential APR penalty.
So we just need to increase revenue.  There's plenty of cash in the USA.  High line condos and Ferrari sports cars are flying off the shelf where I live.  People can't get their fill of them.   Somehow that does not jibe with the notion that the USA can't afford to take care of its elderly, does it?
"Stop spending on the CC with the revolving balance.   After the discussion below I feel I should clarify that what I am advocating is that you make your ""prepayment"" (though I disagree with calling it that) to the existing CC.  Then, rather than spending on that card, spend somewhere else so you won't accrue any interest related to your spending.  At the end of the month, send any excess to the account that has a balance.  This question is no different than I have $X of cash, should I let it sit in a savings account or should I send it to my CC balance?  Yes, 100%, you should send this $750 to your CC balance.  Then, stop spending on that CC and move your daily spending to cash or some other place that won't accrue interest at all. The first step to paying off debt is to stop adding to the balance that accrues interest.  It's not worth the energy to determine the change in the velocity of paydown by paying more frequently when you could simply spend on a separate card that doesn't accrue any interest because you pay the entire balance every month. The reason something like this may be advisable on a HELOC but not a CC is the interest rate.  A HELOC might run you 4% or 5% while your CC is probably closer to 17%.  In one situation your monthly interest is 0.4% and in the other your monthly interest is 1.4%.  The velocity of interest accrual at CC rates is just too high to justify ever putting regular spending on top of an existing revolving balance.  Additionally, I doubt there is anyone who is advocating for anyone to charge their HELOC for daily spending.  You would move daily spending to somewhere that isn't accruing interest no matter what.  You would use a HELOC to pay down your CC debt in a lump or make a large purchase in a lump.  Your morning coffee should never be spent in a way that will accrue interest immediately, ever. Stop spending on the CC(s) that are carrying a balance. (period) Generally credit cards have a grace period before interest is charged.  As long as a balance isn't carried from one statement period to the next you maintain your grace period.  If you spend $100 in the first month you have your card, say the period is January 1 to January 31, you'll get a statement saying you owe $100 for January and payment is due by Feb 28.  If you pay your $100 statement balance before February 28 you won't pay any interest, even if you charged an additional $500 on February 15; you'll simply get your February statement indicating your statement balance is $500 and payment is due by March 31, still no interest.  BUT.  If you pay $99 for January, leaving just a single dollar to roll over, you now owe interest on your entire average daily balance.  So now you'll receive your February statement indicating $501 + interest on approximately $233.14 of average daily balance ($1 carried + $500 charged on Feb 15) due by March 31.  That $1 you let roll over just cost you $3.26 in interest ($233.14 * 0.014).  AND.  Now that balance is continuing to accrue interest in the month of March until the day you make a payment.  It typically takes two consecutive months of payment-in-full before the grace period is restored. There is no sense in continuing to spend on a CC that is carrying a balance and accruing interest even if you intend to pay all of your current month spending entirely.  You can avoid 100% of the interest related to your regular spending by simply using a different card, and no rewards will beat the interest you're charged."
"Yes. ""There is, ...no Federal statute mandating that a private business, a person or an organization must accept currency or coins as for payment for goods and/or services."" Taken from the US Department of the Treasury."
Canadian here: the US is our biggest customer, so we were impacted economically. I expected that within a year or two of the US housing collapse, we would also be hit, but something else happened: when the US dropped interest rates like a stone, we were also forced to drop interest rates. This meant that suddenly, money was being handed out for very very cheap, so cheap it was almost free if you had a decent job and good credit. The housing market here paused for a brief moment, and then continued climbing. It never stopped until some new rules were implemented, aimed mostly at foreign buyers and investors, and put in place this year. It appears however that this current drop in prices may be a temporary dip. The average cost of a home in Toronto is still around $1m CAD, and our real estate is still among the most expensive in the world if you look at how much we pay compared to our incomes.  In some places, houses have basically tripled over the past decade.  My point here is that Canadian home owners were not impacted negatively by the 2008 crisis. In fact, once the free money started flowing and prices went up accordingly, Canadian home owners were enriched as a direct result of the 2008 US housing crisis. The situation is clearly unsustainable, and the market is irrational. It's easy to say that we are in a bubble but it is  impossible to tell when it will crash. In Canada, it's harder to walk away from mortgage debt; if you're underwater on your home, and the bank forecloses on you and sells the house for less than you owe, you still owe the bank the remainder of the money (in most provinces).
Pick one stock (probably within Utilities) and know it well. Understand what it trades on (EV / EBITDA, P / E, P / Rev) and why. What are the typical margins for the industry? What are rev growth trends? What isn't priced in? I think studying one company deeply would be helpful  Other things to look at would be how your fund is structured, what it's benchmark is, voting structure, and how ideas are sourced  Good luck!
It seems you understand the risks, it seems like a fine enough idea.  Hopefully it works out for you. However, you may want to talk to a few local banks about getting a short term home equity loan.  I know someone who was able to do this getting a very low rate for 7 years.  At the time of the loan, the prevailing rate for a 15 year was 3.25, but they were able to get the HEL at 2.6 fixed.  There was no closing costs. The best part about it was the payment was not that much more.  While going from ~1200 to ~1800 is a 50% increase it was not that much in dollars in relationship to his household income.   Note that I did not say Home Equity Line of Credit, which are vairable rates and amount borrowed.
Therein lies the risk MoviePass is taking.  They are basically going long on the idea that a $10/person/month subscription is the only way to see a theatrical showing.  In order to convince the theaters to play along, they are going to have to demonstrate that they move the needle on attendance such that even without the subsidy, the added concession sales would make it worthwhile for the theaters.  Before they burn through their subsidy money.
No kidding, I'm shocked. /s  The flipper boom after the 2008 downturn basically means that anything affordable gets snapped up by an investor in a cash sale, they do some half-assed renovations, and then turn and sell it for double the original price. They out-compete low-end buyers during purchase, even if those buyers have outstanding credit, and then they move the house out of reach of those very buyers.  $300k - $600k houses are everywhere around here. What isn't available are reasonably priced houses under $300k that might need some minor updating. Anything under that you can actually purchase is probably something barely above occupancy standards.  There is *no* incentive to build or renovate affordable low end houses. None.
So yes, changing the industry this dramaticallyAnd that would be great if they could get a car in they sub 20k class, and assuming the government continued to give energy credits for ev. Trump could shut that down (although why pick a fight with US auto makers?)   That said, the point of these announcements is to set the stage for infrastructure. Let the oil companies know that in 10 years they will lose half their auto market, so they need to migrate their investments to fleet and jet fuels, chemicals and power generation, diversify assets and investments, etc. Sucks but definitely survivable, but yes, they will fight so 2023 will be more like 2033. Next of course is electronic filling stations, which is where the oil companies really need to invest in, as well as gain investment in the power grid (which will also need to be ramped up, especially in rural areas, many of which were not even prepared for air conditioning in all residences). and of course you have battery technology, which requires lithium and other rare earth metals (or ideally new organic based alternatives) and the concerns with crash/explosion/fire and toxic spills... Gas is the devil we know, batteries on a mammoth scale and the environmental impact with the number of serious crashes we have...  So yes, don't get excited about what they are gonna do, but understand the implications of such an announcement.
Obama's economy and the propaganda campaign telling people how good they had it lead to Trump. On this subreddit the propaganda was at a fever pitch in 2016. You don't see it much other than in the crazy level of downvotes they do now to bury those stories.
Springhill Group Counselling believes it is significant that each of us needs to understand what counselling and psychotherapy is about and what they should anticipate from the procedure of therapy. Nurturing knowledge among community is a significant purpose for every organization. This website has been aims to help people find out more about counselling and psychotherapy, especially those who are considering therapy as an option for themselves or someone else, or for clients who are already involved in therapy.
"Consider that there are some low-probability, high-impact risk factors involved with property management. For example, an old house has lead paint and may have illegal modifications, unknown to you, that pose some hazard. All of your ""pros"" are logical, and the cons are relatively minor. Just consult an attorney to look for potential landmines."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://voxeu.org/article/ideas-aren-t-running-out-they-are-getting-more-expensive-find) reduced by 93%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; More than 20 times as many researchers are needed today to generate about the same amount of productivity growth as 80 years ago.  &gt; The input required to do this - the number of researchers required - is today more than 18 times larger than the number required in the early 1970s.  &gt; These days, pushing the frontier of knowledge out requires mastering an ever-larger body of knowledge, meaning that students have to stay longer in university, and researchers increasingly work in larger teams whose members are more specialised.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/72exha/research_ideas_arent_running_out_but_they_are/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~216408 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **research**^#1 **growth**^#2 **productivity**^#3 **measure**^#4 **idea**^#5"
Ive had Sprint for as long as Ive had a cellphone and Ive never had any issues with reception or dropped calls.  I get service in basements and cemented locker rooms where most others do not.  I also get a nice military discount.  I dont own any Apple products so not having the iPhone was never an issue for me.  I've also always had great customer service with Sprint.  Can't say anything about the other networks but I very much enjoy Sprint.
They are definitely effective but one of their stated goals is to devalue the company far enough that the old CEO can purchase it outright if the board will not relent. I'd be concerned that the company's balance sheets would be crippled beyond recovery by that point.  &gt; “This is better than a union,” she said. “And it’s free,” added a worker standing beside her.  I do love this line, American labor unions are terribly corrupt and I doubt they'd ever accomplish something as powerful as this voluntary action.
If there was a one click type thing that was ***easy*** to use and ***trustworthy*** I would happily pay micro-payments for quality content.  I'd say ease of use and trust are bigger barriers to me than the actual payment.
"We payed off our Mortgage early...at first in small extra payments to principal, and finally a lump sum.  Each extra payment to principal reduced the balance, and reduced every payment going forward.  I have, somewhere, an excel spreadsheet where I tracked this...  - =CUMIPMT((interestRate/12),term,pymtNumber,balance,balance,0) computed the interest payment due  - =currentPrincipal + CUMIPRINTresultAbove computed the monthly principal payment Occasionally I would update the month-ending Principal balance against what the mortgage company told me.  It was usually off by a little.   My mortgage company required me to specifically contact them for a payoff amount before I wrote the final check.   I've never heard of a mortgage where prepayment of all expected interest following the original schedule is required.  I would guess it is against federal (US) law.  Lets think about that for a moment...  out of ""interest"", I recently computed that for our 30 year loan at 6-5/8% on about 145, we payed a total of 106000 in interest.  That include a refi to 4-7/8 10-years in to a 15-year loan, and paying it off 20 years after the original loan was granted. As far as not paying all the theoretical interest due...  - If they get a fixed dollar amount of service interest back, there's no incentive to me to pay on-time.  I owe the same amount if I pay it today or if I pay it 6 months late, after I gambled the mortgage money and finally won.  (yea, I know they could write the mortgage to penalize me for paying late, but I'm ignoring that)  - if you were requried to pay off all the interest that might accrue, how could you ever sell your home, or refinance, for that matter?  When I refi'd, the new holder payed the old holder 98,000.  If the original holder had required prepayment of all the interest that would be accrued to the original schedule, the new mortgage would've been 200k.  It would just never be a good deal to buy a home if mortgages worked under that term. I have had a car loan that worked differently -- they pre-computed the total interest due and then divided it over the term of the loan equally.  I could pay off early and they stopped collecting interest."
"Nominally, yes, but it's not just a matter of ""net"" being accepted naively by stupid people.  The problem is that many/most people can't get any other kind of contract, because Hollywood has been doing this since almost the beginning of filmmaking.  It's not a recent thing, it's standard."
The way I see it, corporation tax is not fundamentally different from VAT. They are both a tax on revenue minus expenses, just what those expenses are is different. I think the main advantage of corporation tax is that it allows capital expenditure to be spread over several years, although as I said this makes it more complicated (and I believe that there are some capital allowances for VAT as well).  One advantage of VAT is that sales in one country are taxed in that country before the money can be sent abroad. It seems simple and fair to split the tax burden between jurisdictions according to how many sales were made in each.
"I get the gist of the article, there are some very nice things about Canada. But the idea is pretty silly because it's not that easy to just ""flee to Canada"" in the first place. Canadian immigration standards for citizens from developed/western countries are some of the steepest of anywhere in the world.   For non-refugees and non-targeted peoples/countries, the Canadian immigration system works on a points system that factors in things like age, education, wealth, professional experience and so on. So if you're a young, childless professional with gobs of money in the bank, you have a fighting chance to move there. Otherwise your chances are extremely low of getting in with the conventional application process. It sucks, but that's the way it is.  Finally, there's always **[this](http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2014/08/28/u-s-hikes-fee-to-renounce-citizenship-by-422/)** reason."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://bruegel.org/2017/09/the-feds-unwinding/) reduced by 95%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; In Hamilton&amp;#039;s simulation, if the Fed were to continue reducing its balance sheet through the end of 2020, the level of Fed deposits by financial institutions may not be enough to cover the plausible variation in other Fed liabilities.  &gt; The political power of worries about the Fed&amp;#039;s balance sheet will help determine the endpoint for the Fed&amp;#039;s balance-sheet.  &gt; Given the profitability, prestige and jobs created by maintaining the Fed&amp;#039;s large balance sheet, it will not be painless for the Fed to shrink it.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/72i01i/the_feds_unwinding/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~216580 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Fed**^#1 **rate**^#2 **balance**^#3 **sheet**^#4 **bank**^#5"
What if you do need to fly for business? Also, what if you want to get to Europe in less than a few days?  Regardless, TSA has intentions to find their way to all types of transportation as well. End the TSA. Let the airports handle security.
For the lazy, Wikipedia says: The term microcap stock (also micro-cap) refers to the stock of public companies in the United States which have a market capitalization of roughly $300 million or less. The shares of companies with a market capitalization of less than $50 million are typically referred to as nano-cap stocks.  Many micro-cap and nano-cap stocks are traded over-the-counter with their prices quoted on the OTCBB or the Pink Sheets. A few of the larger, more established microcaps are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market or American Stock Exchange (AMEX).  Micro-cap and especially nano-cap stocks are notorious for their volatility. A high percentage of these companies fail to execute their business plans and go out of business. Fraud and market manipulation are not uncommon, and the transactions costs in trading can be quite high. Pricing is more likely to be inefficient, since fewer institutional investors and analysts operate in this space, due to the relatively small dollar amounts involved and the lack of liquidity.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://thisisafrica.me/rwanda-will-proceed-ban-used-clothes-despite-threats-united-states) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Rwanda&amp;#039;s President Paul Kagame has insisted that Rwanda will proceed with its plan to phase-out importation of second-hand clothes despite threats from the U.S. that the move could lead to a review of his country&amp;#039;s eligibility for duty-free access to the American market.  &gt; Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania and South Sudan decided to fully ban imported second-hand clothes and shoes by 2019, arguing it would help member countries boost domestic clothes manufacturing.  &gt; The Office of the United States Trade Representative has, as a result, initiated a review of the eligibility of Uganda, Rwanda and Tanzania to receive benefits under AGOA. The EAC nations are one of the most important markets for U.S. industry&amp;#039;s used clothing exports with direct American exports to the EAC member countries totaling approximately $24 million in 2016.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6mpfwk/rwandas_president_paul_kagame_has_insisted_that/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~164876 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **country**^#1 **cloths**^#2 **African**^#3 **AGOA**^#4 **ban**^#5"
I work for myself, thus there is no HR department which will agree to hand over my money to a debt collector. And if you work for yourself you don't have a tax return because you don't give the IRS any more than they are allowed to take. Even if you work for someone else it is easy to adjust your withholdings so that you don't have a tax return to intercept.
I've been to some very nice restaurants that are worth the money at most price-points, but *most* restaurants seem to be, well, generic and crappy.  They're running on subsidized wages because their product just *isn't* something people want to pay money for.
01206184038 / ديكورات الماسة   http://almasadecorations.blogspot.com.eg/ https://www.facebook.com/Massadecorations/ almasadecorations@gmail.com ديكورات جبس اسقف معلقة اسقف جبس بورد مودرن اجمل صور ديكورات كرانيش جبس فخمة وشيك، جبس اسقف جديد مودرن 2017، احدث صور تصميمات كرانيش جبس فلل وقصور للأسقف، صور ديكورات جبسية 2017 امبورد و جبس اسقف حديث شيك فخم. ديكورات جبس, اسقف معلقة, اسقف جبس بورد, جبس بورد, جبس بورد, كرانيش جبس, جبس اسقف, صور تصميمات, كرانيش جبس, صور ديكورات جبسية, 2017, جبس اسقف حديث https://youtu.be/hETRdt_0D0s
I don't know where your trade figures are from. ETrade, TD Ameritrade, Fidelity, etc all have trading costs under 10 USD per share, so I'm not sure where your costs are coming from. I doubt currency conversion or anything like that will double the cost. As for your question, the answer is: It depends How much trading will you do? In what types of investments? For example, Schwab charges no commission on ETF purchases, but this is not an advantage if you wont buy ETFs. Consider minimums. Different brokers have different minimum cash balance/deposit requirements, so make sure you can meet those. It's true that you can get real time quotes anywhere, but consider the other services. For example, TD Ameritrade pools research reports for many publicly traded companies which are nice to read about what analysts have to say. Different brokers given different research tools, so read about offerings and see what's most useful to you. You can open different brokerage accounts, but it's much more convenient to have a one-stop place where you can do all you trading. Pick a broker which is low cost and offers a variety of investments as well as good customer support and a straightforward system.
"If you live and work in the euro-zone, then even after a ""crash"" all of your income and most of your expenses will still be in euros.  The only portion of your worth you need to worry about protecting is the portion you intend to spend on goods from outside the euro-zone (i.e. imports).  In that case, you may want to consider parking some of your money in short-term government bonds issued by other countries, such as the UK, Switzerland, and USA (or wherever else your favorite goods tend to come from).  If the euro actually ""massively devalues"" (an extremely unlikely scenario), then you can expect foreign goods to cost a lot more than they do now.  Inflation might also pick up, so you might also want to purchase some OATis."
&gt; Europe is a temporary problem.  Lol..  The better question for this thread is how is the European economy not utterly doomed?  I see no way at all of the Euro surviving.  Greece has already technically defaulted by saying it's not going to pay back all of it's debt.  They will officially default when Germany stops bailing them out.  Spain is in the exact same situation, just about a year behind.  They haven't technically defaulted yet, but they will.  They're receiving bailout after bailout and the Greece situation only makes their interest rates worse.  Italy is just barely behind Spain, the Greek default followed by the Spanish defualt will send Italian interest rates through the roof dooming them to the same fate.  This will eventually effect the US, but our borrowing rates are held artificially low due to the Fed just printing up more fake money and letting the US borrow as much as it wants.  If you don't see this scheme crumbling and collapsing, I'm just curious what you actually think *will* happen?
Since I'm missing the shortest and simplest answer, I'll add it: A car also doesn't offer dividends, yet it's still worth money. A $100 bill doesn't offer dividends, yet people are willing to offer services, or goods, or other currencies, to own that $100 bill. It's the same with a stock. If other people are willing to buy it off you for a price X, it's worth at least close to price X to you. In theory the price X depends on the value of the assets of the company, including unknown values like expected future profits or losses. Speaking from experience as a trader, in practice it's very often really just price X because others pay price X.
Thanks for posting this.  Funny, but I find myself watching RT far more than CNN these days.  I am not a finance expert but as an econ major I can at least follow the argument.  Seems credible to me.  They are just saying that the resulting downgrade of bank bonds will affect them less than their competition. The second argument is that new (2008) accounting rules allow them to show a net gain on paper when their bonds get downgraded as a result of this loss.  It's a complicated argument but I can see how it make perfect sense.  I like how Bob English points out the fishy and probably strategic nature of the Thursday announcement.  Obviously there is a lot more to this story: http://www.zerohedge.com/contributed/2012-20-15/truth-about-jp-morgan%E2%80%99s-2-billion-loss
I want to take a loan out against an old 401k to use as the down payment on a house. The problem that I've found is that in order to borrow against the 401k it has to be considered current. I'd like to avoid rolling it over to my current job because then if I quit the entire load has to be repaid within 60 days.  I'm specifically wondering if me plan of starting a company with a 401k will work. From what I can tell, there's no limit on the number of current 401ks you can have. Since I'm obviously never going to fire myself, having to suddenly repay the entire loan won't be a problem.   I'd like to keep my job and money related to investments separate.
We are well known name in Designer Wallpaper Retailer and Supplier in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai. The New Jain Furnishing offers a wide range of Designer Wallpaper in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai. Over the years, New Jain Furnishing has earned a brand name for itself and has earned an enviable reputation as one of the best, finest, largest &amp; most preferred sources of world class Designer Wallpaper in Mumbai &amp; Navi Mumbai. New Jain Furnishing Store’s greatest strength lies in its ability to quickly understand the taste &amp; individual requirements of the customers, and offer them precise, specialized concepts in Designer Wallpaper that amalgamate innovative designs, colors, textures and patterns. We supply Designer Wallpaper in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai region mostly.
"How do people do it? Firstly, I'd advise you to explicitly budget all taxes. The reason is because taxes get complicated when you have a child deduction. Not that raising a child is profitable post taxes, but it can change your perspective. SIWKs with high income get by just fine. The rest sacrifice. They buy less house, or rent. They drive more than 30 minutes to work every day. They work second jobs. They stop saving for retirement. And when they fail to save or plan, they borrow from family or rack up huge credit card debt. They don't buy the sweet new truck they were planning on. They cut cable and cook meals at home. They skip church, because they can't afford the tithe, and say it's because they don't have time, don't want their children to disrupt services, etc.  So right now, that ""other"" basket is looking pretty juicy, and the taxes can maybe be examined as well. But ultimately, if you're looking at a 30 percent hit in pay, that won't cut it. Mortgage + food alone is nearly half your budget!"
Reversing your math, I am assuming you have $312K to work with.  In that case, I would simply shop around your local banks and/or credit unions and have them compete for your money and you might be quite surprised how much they are willing to pay. A couple of months ago, you would be able to get about 4.25% from Israel Bonds in Canada on 5 years term (the Jubilee product, with minimum investment of $25K).  It's a bit lower now, but you should still be able to get very good rates if you shop around tier-2 banks or credit unions (who are more hungry for capital than the well-funded tier-1 banks). Or you could look at preferred shares of a large corporation.  They are different from common shares in the sense they are priced according to the payout rate (i.e. people buy it for the dividend). A quick screen from your favorite stock exchange ought to find you a few options. Another option is commercial bonds.  You should be able to get that kind of return from investment grade (BBB- and higher) bonds on large corporations these days.  I just did a quick glance at MarketWatch's Bond section (http://cxa.marketwatch.com/finra/BondCenter/Default.aspx) and found AAA grade bonds that will yield > 5%.  You will need to investigate their underlying fundamentals, coupon rate and etc before investing (second thought, grab a introduction to bonds book from Chapters first). Hope these helps.
Short answer: Not likely. Long answer: As a rule of thumb, over the long run if you are generating 20% compounded returns on your money consistently, you are doing very good.  Since in the average case your 10k would compound to $61.4k YoY, you are very unlikely to be rich in a decade starting with 10k.
Creating a website is like designing a book cover; you need to capture attention by imagery and thought-provoking titles, but it should not stop there – it should also be attractive enough to make them buy the book and read its contents. It’s a balance between aesthetic and substance satisfaction. These are the essential elements in making your site an effective lead generation tool.
The movie celebrities in movie sectors are not restricted to a specific region; however they are still popular in the entire globe. These celebs make a big count of followers in distinct regions of the globe. Among these celebs the top most and wealthiest as per their celebrity net worth: Adam Sandler and Clint Eastwood.
There are various exchanges around the world that handle spot precious metal trading; for the most part these are also the primary spot foreign exchange markets, like EBS, Thomson Reuters, Currenex (website seems to be down), etc. You can trade on these markets through brokers just like you can trade on stock markets.  However, the vast majority of traders on these exchanges do not intend to hold any bullion ownership at the end of the day; they want to buy as much as they sell each day.  A minority of traders do intend to hold metal positions for longer periods, but I doubt any of them intend to actually go collect bullion from the exchange.  I don't think it's even possible. Really the only way to get bullion is to pay a service fee to a dealer like you mentioned.  But on an exchange like the ones above you have to pay three different fees: So in the end you can't even get the spot price on the exchanges where the spot prices are determined.  You might even come out ahead by going to a dealer. You should try to find a reputable dealer, and go in knowing the latest trade prices.  An honest dealer will have a website showing you the current trade prices, so you know that they expect you to know the prices when you come in. For example, here's a well-known dealer in Chicago that happily shows you the spot prices from KITCO so you can decide whether their service fee is worth it or not.
We face the same issue here in Switzerland. My background: Institutional investment management, currency risk management. My thoughs are: Home Bias is the core concept of your quesiton. You will find many research papers on this topic. The main problems with a high home bias is that the investment universe in your small local investment market is usually geared toward your coutries large corporations. Lack of diversification: In your case: the ASX top 4 are all financials, actually banks, making up almost 25% of the index. I would expect the bond market to be similarly concentrated but I dont know. In a portfolio context, this is certainly a negative. Liquidity: A smaller economy obviously has less large corporations when compared globally (check wikipedia / List_of_public_corporations_by_market_capitalization) thereby offering lower liquidity and a smaller investment universe. Currency Risk: I like your point on not taking a stance on FX. This simplifies the task to find a hedge ratio that minimises portfolio volatility when investing internationally and dealing with currencies. For equities, you would usually find that a hedge ratio anywhere from 0-30% is effective and for bonds one that ranges from 80-100%. The reason is that in an equity portfolio, currency risk contributes less to overall volatility than in a bond portfolio. Therefore you will need to hedge less to achieve the lowest possible risk. Interestingly, from a global perspective, we find, that the AUD is a special case whereby, if you hedge the AUD you actually increase total portfolio risk. Maybe it has to do with the AUD being used in carry trades a lot, but that is a wild guess. Hedged share classes: You could buy the currency hedged shared classes of investment funds to invest globally without taking currency risks. Be careful to read exactly what and how the share class implements its currency hedging though.
insurance premiums  My annual car premium always caught me off guard until I set up a dedicated savings account for it.
"You should spend zero on your stock research company.  If the management of the company actually had persistent skill in picking stocks, they would not be peddling their knowledge to the retail market for a few hundred dollars.  They would rake in millions and billions by running a huge hedge fund and buy themselves a private island or something.  Unfortunately for them, hedge fund investors are not as gullible as retail investors and are more likely to sue when they discover they have been lied to. Many stock ""research"" companies are trying to manipulate you into paying too high a price for stocks.  They buy a small stock, recommend it, and then sell it at the artificially (and temporarily) high price.  Others are simply recommending stocks pretty much at random. You could do that just as well as they can, and for free. Portfolio performance evaluation is a complex problem.  The research company knows that its recommendations will ""make good money"" about half the time and that's enough to bring in a lot of uninformed people.  To know whether your portfolio actually did well you need to know how much risk there was in the portfolio and how a competing ""dumb"" portfolio with similar characteristics fared over the same time period.  And you need to repeat the experiment enough times (or long enough) to know the outcome wasn't luck.  I can say confidently that your portfolio performance doesn't back up the claim that the research company has skill above and beyond luck.  Much less $599 worth of skill. I can also say very confidently that there are no investors with a total of 20 thousand dollars to invest for whom purchasing stock recommendations is worth the cost, even if those recommendations do have some value.  Real stock information is valuable only to large investors because the per-dollar value is low. Please do not give money to or otherwise support a semi-criminal ""stock research"" enterprise."
"Your ""money market"" is cash or a ""sweep account"" that your broker is holding for you and on which the broker is paying you interest.  The mutual fund is paying you dividends, not interest, even if it is a money-market mutual fund (often bearing a name such as Prime Reserve Fund) or bond mutual fund that is collecting interest on its investments and passing them on to you."
It depends on what actions the European Central Bank (ECB) takes.  If it prints Euros to bail out the country then your Euros will decline in value.  Same thing with a US state going bankrupt.  If the FED prints dollars to bailout a state it will set a precedent that other states can spend carelessly and the FED will be there to bail them out by printing money. If you own bonds issued by the bankrupting state then you could lose some of your money if the country is not bailed out.
The term pink slime wasn't coined by the reporters. It was the name given to it by the whistleblowing USDA scientists in a 2002 email to colleagues. The term was part of the story itself.  &gt; In fact, the term “pink slime” was coined by one of the segment’s whistleblowing USDA scientists in a 2002 email to colleagues, and a 2009 New York Times piece using the term to describe BPI’s meat product won a Pulitzer Prize.
"Frankly, eliminating unlimited data on Sprint would not be a bad thing IF it meant faster speeds. As it is now, I get perhaps 125K a second speeds. Hardly worth it for ""unlimited"" or the $10 ""premium data"" charge that Sprint adds on. A few select cities that have seen Sprint's Network Vision implemented are getting faster speeds but the majority of us are limping along at speeds slightly better than 56K dialup."
Lenders may sell your mortgage to other lenders for a fee.  For example,  your lender might sell your mortgage to the highest bidder who may want to purchase your mortgage by making a one time payment.  For your lender that's a quick profit, for the new owner of your mortgage, that's long term returns for a one time fee.  For your lender, that is forgoing long term returns for short term gains (and transfer of risk in case you default).   (Very similar to how bonds work in a stock exchange!) What does this mean to you? Nothing.  You will still keep making payments to your original lender.   What does 'transfer of ownership has not been publicly recorded mean'? It means, when you are asked about ownership details regarding your mortgage, and this could be in tax forms or refinancing etc., you would enter your original lender's information and not Freddit Mac's! Pro-tip There are lots of scams based on this.  You might receive an official looking letter in mail claiming your loan has been sold and you should start making payments to the new owner. DO NOT FALL FOR THIS! Call your original lender (use the phone number from your loan papers, not mail you received) and verify this information.   And if this were to happen, your original lender would always inform you first.   And hey, congrats on your new home! :)
This is what everyone said about music circa 1999, that the record labels would never agree to sell their songs online because it would devalue selling albums, and a bunch of archaic thinking etc... and then the iTunes store showed the industry a better way to distribute their content, conviced the labels to play along, and Apple is now the most profitable company in the world.   There's no reason this can't happen for TV, it's clearly heading there and the first person to do for TV what Apple did for music will make a fortune, hell it might even be Apple that does it, yet another reason why Apple stock is severly undervalued right now
The whopper has too  much sauce for me, I prefer the McDonald's dollar menu hamburgers when I want fast food.  You can customize them any which way, it still won't come out to more than $2, and it only has about 300 calories.
Interest means that the money on the accounts belongs to you, regardless of who's name is the account titled to. For example, if you give money to someone (non-US person, say,  trying to avoid FBAR requirements) and that person puts it in his account but will give you money whenever you ask for it - you have interest in that account. This is in order for people not to avoid FBAR requirements by putting their money into someone's else accounts. Signature Authority means that although the account is not in your name, and the money on it is not your money - you have the right to access that account and perform operations on it. This usually happens when people are employees of a company and have signature authority over the company's accounts, but it is also frequently the case for people having signature authority over the accounts that belong to their family members (for example - your parents are not US persons, but they gave you access to their account because they don't know how to work with the bank and you do - you have signature authority over the account). If you have your own account - you have both interest in it and signature authority over it.
This question was asked three years ago, but now that it's 2017 there is actually a relatively easy, cheap and fast solution to at least the first half of your question. To cash the check: I've done this a half dozen times while abroad (from the US) without any problems.
No, they do not. Stock funds and bonds funds collect income dividends in different   ways. Stock funds collect dividends  (as well as any capital gains   that are realized) from the underlying stocks  and incorporates these   into the funds’ net asset value, or daily share price. That’s why a   stock fund’s share price drops when the fund makes a distribution –   the distribution comes out of the fund’s total net assets. With bond funds, the internal accounting is different:  Dividends   accrue daily, and are then paid out to shareholders every month or   quarter.  Bond funds collect the income from the underlying bonds and   keep it in a separate internal “bucket.”  A bond fund calculates a   daily accrual rate for the shares outstanding, and shareholders only   earn income for the days they actually hold the fund.  For example, if   you buy a bond fund two days before the fund’s month-end distribution,   you would only receive two days’ worth of income that month.  On the   other hand, if you sell a fund part-way through the month, you will   still receive a partial distribution at the end of the month,   pro-rated for the days you actually held the fund. Source  Also via bogleheads: Most Vanguard bond funds accrue interest to the share holders daily.   Here is a typical statement from a prospectus: Each Fund distributes to shareholders virtually all of its net income   (interest less expenses) as well as any net capital gains realized   from the sale of its holdings. The Fund’s income dividends accrue   daily and are distributed monthly. The term accrue used in this sense   means that the income dividends are credited to your account each day,   just like interest in a savings account that accrues daily. Since the   money set aside for your dividends is both an asset of the fund and a   liability, it does not affect the calculated net asset value. When the   fund distributes the income dividends at the end of the month, the net   asset value does not change as both the assets and liabilities   decrease by exactly the same amount. [Note that if you sell all of   your bond fund shares in the middle of the month, you will receive as   proceeds the value of your shares (calculated as number of shares   times net asset value) plus a separate distribution of the accrued   income dividends.]
Having all of the numbers you posted is a start. It's what you need to perform the calculation.  The final word, however, comes from the company itself, who are required to issue a determination on how the spin-off is valued. Say a company is split into two. Instead of some number of shares of each new company, imagine for this example it's one for one. i.e. One share of company A becomes a share each in company B and company C. This tell us nothing about relative valuation, right? Was B worth 1/2 of the original company A, or some other fraction? Say it is exactly a 50/50 split. Company A releases a statement that B and C each should have 1/2 the cost basis of your original A shares. Now, B and C may very well trade ahead of the stock splitting, as 'when issued' shares. At no point in time will B and C necessarily trade at exactly the same price, and the day that B and C are officially trading, with no more A shares, they may have already diverged in price. That is, there's nothing you can pull from the trading data to identify that the basis should have been assigned as 50% to each new share. This is my very long-winded was of explaining that the company must issue a notice through your broker, and on their investor section of their web site, to spell out the way you should assign your basis to each new stock.
"For Non-Resident filers, New York taxes New York-sourced income. That includes: real or tangible personal property located in New York State   (including certain gains or losses from the sale or exchange of an   interest in an entity that owns real property in New York State); services performed in New York State; a business, trade, profession, or occupation carried on in New York State; and a New York S corporation in which you are a shareholder (including   installment income from an IRC 453 transaction). There are some exclusions as well. It is all covered in the instructions to form IT-203. However, keep in mind that ""filing"" as non-resident doesn't make you non-resident. If you spend 184 days or more in New York State, and you have a place to stay there - you are resident. See definitions here. Even if you don't actually live there and consider yourself a CT resident."
Assuming cell A1 contains the number of trades: will price up to A1=100 at 17 each, and the rest at 14 each. The key is the MAX and MIN. They keep an item from being counted twice. If X would end up negative, MAX(0,x) clamps it to 0. By extension, if X-100 would be negative, MAX(0, X-100) would be 0 -- ie: that number doesn't increase til X>100. When A1=99, MIN(a1,100) == 99, and MAX(0,a1-100) == 0. When A1=100, MIN(a1,100) == 100, and MAX(0,a1-100) == 0. When A1=101, MIN(a1,100) == 100, and MAX(0,a1-100) == 1. Of course, if the 100th item should be $14, then change the 100s to 99s.
"No, the language in the Constitution is permissive, not mandatory. The *grant of power* to Congress is mandatory (shall), but nowhere does it say Congress ""shall/must"" etc establish a post office. The same clause also says that the government can establish post Roads, but those roads no longer exist, having been folded into other road systems. Must Congress also maintain a separate post road network? By your logic it must, but that is clearly an absurd result.   ""Maintain"" is only used for the Navy, which was always expected to exist continuously. Congress can also ""raise and support armies"", language reflecting the expectation that there would be no standing army, but neither ""maintain"" nor ""support"" are used for the post office.   Congress has the power to create the post office and post roads, bit it doesn't have to. It certainly doesn't have to maintain them. Nor is there any reason to think that establishing the post office and privatizing it is impermissible, since it follows the dictate of the clause. Even if it were unconstitutional, what is the relief? Who could sue who to have what done?"
"I'm not worried about them tracking me (I'm a boring white guy who might even be flattered). But, I'm also not selfish and short-sighted... The huge problem is the unjust abuses of other people's rights. I'm talking about people who have done no wrong, but are ""suspicious"" for bullshit reasons. It's wrong already, and acceptance of it only serves to keep expanding it. It may not affect us today, but it threatens affect us all tomorrow."
Do you need to do anything special when you receive such a huge amount of money? YES, ABSOLUTELY! 1st: Hire a lawyer. Retain him. Preferably one who has experience with high net worth clients. 2nd: Hire a financial advisor/wealth manager. Similarly, one who has experience with high net worth clients. 3rd: Tell no one else that you won. I cannot stress this point enough. Do these things before you even claim your prize. Winning the lottery seems like a great thing to people who haven't won, but statistically speaking most people end up worse off. Most people, not just lottery winners, but people who come into large sums of money unexpectedly just don't know how to handle it. Hire people who do know how to handle that sort of thing and get them on your side. If you win the lottery PROTECT YOURSELF! Go here: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/24vo34/whats_the_happiest_5word_sentence_you_could_hear/chb38xf and read the top comment.
...And the US national debt **is** going up, accordingly.  That said, as long as Americans want Korean electronics, *and* we're not selling more to Korea than they are to us, **and** (most importantly) Korea would rather have US dollars than issue more Won...   *Both* sides come out ahead.  Debt isn't necessarily *bad*, it's just a bill you need to remember will come due some day.
I do this all the time, my credit rating over time plotted on a graph looks like saw blades going upward on a slope I use a credit alert service to get my credit reports quarterly, and I know when the credit agencies update their files (every three months), so I never have a high balance at those particular times Basically, I use the negative hard pulls to propel my credit score upwards with a the consequentially lowered credit utilization ratio, and the credit history. So here is how it works for me, but I am not an impulse buyer and I wouldn't recommend it for most people as I have seen spending habits: Month 1: charge cards, pay minimum balance (raises score multiple points) Month 2: PAY OFF ALL CREDIT CARDS, massive deleveraging using actual money I already have (raises score multiple points) Month 3: get credit report showing low balance, charge cards, pay minimum balance ask for extensions of credit, AND followup on new credit line offers (lowers score several points per credit inquiry) Month 4: charge cards, pay minimum balance, discretionally approving hard pulls - always have room for one or two random hard pulls, such as for a new cell phone contract, or renting a car, or employment, etc Month 5: PAY OFF CREDIT CARDS using actual money you have. (the trick is to NEVER really go above a 15% credit utilization ratio, and to never overleverage. Tricky because very quickly you will get enough credit to go bankrupt) Month 6: get credit report showing low balances, a slight dip in score from last quarter, but still high continue.
"Nobody has mentioned the futures market yet. Although the stock market closes at 4pm, the futures market continues trading 24 hours a day and 5.5 days a week. Amongst the products that trade in the future market are stock index futures.  That includes the Dow Jones, the S&P 500. These are weighted averages of stocks and their sectors. You would think that the price of the underlying stock dictates the price of the average, but in this day and age, the derivative actually changes the value of the underlying stock due to a very complex combination of hedging practices. (this isn't meant to be vague and mysterious, it is ""delta hedging"") So normal market fluctuations coupled with macroeconomic events affect the futures market, which can ripple down to individual stocks. Very popular stocks with large market caps will most certainly be affected by futures market trading. But it is also worth mentioning that futures can function completely independently of a ""spot"" price. This is where things start to get complicated and long winded. The futures market factor is worth mentioning because it extends even outside of the aftermarket and pre-market hours of stock trading."
In the US, dividends have special tax treatment similar to, but not the same as Capital Gains. No easy way to transform one to the other, the very fact that you invested your money in a company that has returned part of your capital as income means it is just that, income. Also in the US, you could invest in Master Limited Partnerships. These are companies that make distributions that are treated as a return of capital, instead of dividends. Throughout the life of the investment you receive tax forms that assign part of the operating expense/loss of the company to you as a tax payer. Then at the end of the investment life you are required to recapture those losses as Capital Gains on sale of the stock. In some ways, these investments do exactly what you are asking about. They transform periodic income into later capital gains, basically deferring tax on the income until the sale of the security. Here is an article I found about MLPs coming to the UK through an ETF: Master Limited Partnerships in the UK
"Bonds are valued based on all of this, using the concept of the ""time value of money"". Simply stated, money now is worth more than money later, because of what you can do with money between now and later. Case in point: let's say the par value of a bond is $100, and will mature 10 years from this date (these are common terms for most bonds, though the U.S. Treasury has a variety of bonds with varying par values and maturation periods), with a 0% coupon rate (nothing's paid out prior to maturity). If the company or government issuing the bonds needs one million dollars, and the people buying the bonds are expecting a 5% rate of return on their investment, then each bond would only sell for about $62, and the bond issuer would have to sell a par value of $1.62 million in bonds to get its $1m now. These numbers are based on equations that calculate the ""future value"" of an investment made now, and conversely the ""present value"" of a future return. Back to that time value of money concept, money now (that you're paying to buy the bond) is worth more than money later (that you'll get back at maturity), so you will expect to be returned more than you invested to account for this time difference. The percentage of rate of return is known as the ""yield"" or the ""discount rate"" depending on what you're calculating, what else you take into consideration when defining the rate (like inflation), and whom you talk to. Now, that $1.62m in par value may be hard for the bond issuer to swallow. The issuer is effectively paying interest on interest over the lifetime of the bond. Instead, many issuers choose to issue ""coupon bonds"", which have a ""coupon rate"" determining the amount of a ""coupon payment"". This can be equated pretty closely with you making interest-only payments on a credit card balance; each period in which interest is compounded, you pay the amount of interest that has accrued, to avoid this compounding effect.  From an accounting standpoint, the coupon rate lowers the amount of real monies paid; the same $1m in bonds, maturing in 10 years with a 5% expected rate of return, but with a 5% coupon rate, now only requires payments totalling $1.5m, and that half-million in interest is paid $50k at a time annually (or $25k semi-annually). But, from a finance standpoint, because the payments made in the first few years are worth more than the payments made closer to and at maturity, the present value of all these coupon payments (plus the maturity payout) is higher than if the full payout happened at maturity, and so the future value of the total investment is higher.  Coupon rates on bonds thus allow a bond issuer to plan a bond package in less complicated terms. If you as a small business need $1m for a project, which you will repay in 10 years, and during that time you are willing to tolerate a 5% interest rate on the outstanding money, then that's exactly how you issue the bonds; $1 million worth, to mature in 10 years and a 5% coupon rate. Now, whether the market is willing to accept that rate is up to the market. Right now, they'd be over the moon with that rate, and would be willing to buy the bonds for more than their face value, because the present value would then match the yield they're willing to accept (as in any market system, you as the seller will sell to the highest bidder to get the best price available). If however, they think you are a bad bet, they'll want an even higher rate of return, and so the present value of all coupon and maturity payments will be less than the par value, and so will the purchase price."
Name one country that spend that much money in such short period to get out of recession.  You have to find some sub-saharan despot to match the number.  (no. japan ain't it. considering the massive surplus current account and trade balance.)  https://tradingeconomics.com/japan/current-account  https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/current-account
I'm not sure what the point here is. On a macro level, we all know globalization is good and that some markets and types of work die out as others take over. One (digital) computer can do more than a whole building of human computers. However, for the individual who has pride in his or her work as e.g a coal miner, and who made a decent living, won't be better off working for Arby's. Nor knowing that Arby's is a bigger employer.
I mostly agree with everything you said except the part regarding debt.  The whole point was that continued growth would pay off debt, not that individuals would go into more debt than they can pay off.  The second idea would be illogical as debt holders want to get payed back.
The car has value, but it is still a depreciating asset. You're paying far more to rent a space to park the car than you are to own and drive it if you look beyond the initial term of your loan. You could buy a space to keep the car, but at $225,000 for a permanent spot, renting is a much better deal. Would you travel home as frequently if you didn't have the fixed cost of a parking space rental giving you incentive to make the most of the car since you're paying for it either way? My additional question is whether the freedom to travel home on a whim is worth more than the financial freedom you would gain by investing the money for the long term. I don't think it's irresponsible if the short term freedom contributes significantly to your sense of well-being, but even if it isn't entirely sunk cost, the majority of it is.  The only way you can really know whether it's worth it to you would be to park the car at home for a month or two to see if you can live without it. Fortunately you don't lose much money in this experiment, since you're only paying 1.9% interest.
Coach Aniko is the creator and CEO at home organization solutions. Her objective is to empower internet marketers to make a lifestyle by design. I train internet marketers with online advertising skill sets so they can market everything, to any individual, anywhere in the entire world.
"Between 6 months and a year is normally regarded as the ""standard"".  Plan out what your monthly expenses are and save that money away.  One thing to consider is what extras can you give up.  If you are currently eating steak and lobster every day can you live with switching to ramen noodles for a period of time?  Can you switch from premium cable to basic cable (or cancel it altogether)?  Questions like this can greatly impact the amount you have to set aside. I personally have my emergency fund in CDs that mature the first of every month.  I know there is less liquidity in this approach but I'm ok with that.  My emergency fund is a sum of cash I'll always have so I wanted to reap the benefits of a higher yield.  If it comes down to it I can place an expense on a credit card and pay off the credit card when funds become available."
Welcome to Money.SE. As Dheer notes, we can come up with pretty good advice with more details.  Absent any more information, I'd offer this - money withdrawn today, from a traditional IRA, is subject to tax and 10% penalty. The day you turn 59-1/2, that 10% penalty evaporates.  Withdrawals at that time are still subject to ordinary tax at your marginal rate. If you happen to be in the 15% bracket, it may make sense (at 59.5) to withdraw enough to top off that bracket and use the extra money to supplement those payments. If you are already a 25%er, you have to decide whether this money is better spent paying the loans early. Much of that decision is based on the rates involved.  More important, in my opinion. what is the child doing? You borrowed money (I assume) to send a kid to college, and now he's out. Is he not able to chip in? $715K in retirement is pretty great, in the higher end of what pre-retirees have. It translates to just under $30K/yr in withdrawals at retirement. A decent number, really, but not a number that has you comfortably paying for this debt.
"The company released its 2nd Quarter Revenue of $1,957,921 a couple days ago however the stock did not move up in any way. Why? If the company is making money shouldn't the stock go up. During the time between earnings announcements, analysts occasionally publish their assessment of a company, including their estimate of the company's value and future earnings. And as part of an earnings report, companies often include ""guidance"": their prediction for the upcoming quarter (this will frequently be a conservative estimate, so they're more likely to achieve it). Investors make their purchase and sale decisions based on this information. When the earnings report comes out, investors compare these actual returns to analysts' predictions and the company's guidance. If their results are in line with these predictions, the stock price is unlikely to move much, as those results are already incorporated into the stock price. If the company is doing better than predicted, it's usually a good sign, and the price often rises; conversely, if it's doing worse, the price will likely fall. But it's not as simple as this. As others have explained, for long-term investors, stock prices are based on expectations of future activity. If the results of that quarter include some one-time actions that are unlikely to repeat, investors will often discount that portion."
"IBM had another trick where they would set up people to fail.. then give them a bad review.. than put all the people with bad reviews on a project - then sabotage the project and then then get anothger bad review and are on the way to being ""managed out"""
**Richard Feynman**  Richard Phillips Feynman (; May 11, 1918 – February 15, 1988) was an American theoretical physicist known for his work in the path integral formulation of quantum mechanics, the theory of quantum electrodynamics, and the physics of the superfluidity of supercooled liquid helium, as well as in particle physics for which he proposed the parton model. For his contributions to the development of quantum electrodynamics, Feynman, jointly with Julian Schwinger and Shin'ichirō Tomonaga, received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965.  Feynman developed a widely used pictorial representation scheme for the mathematical expressions governing the behavior of subatomic particles, which later became known as Feynman diagrams. During his lifetime, Feynman became one of the best-known scientists in the world.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.27
"Unfortunately, there is very little data supporting fundamental analysis or technical analysis as appropriate tools to ""time"" the market. I will be so bold to say that technical analysis is meaningless. On the other hand, fundamental analysis has some merits. For example, the realization that CDOs were filled with toxic mortgages can be considered a product of fundamental analysis and hence provided traders with a directional assumption to buy CDSs. However, there is no way to tell when there is a good or bad time to buy or sell. The market behaves like a random 50/50 motion. There are many reasons for this and interestingly, there are many fundamentally sound companies that take large dips for no reason at all. Depending on your goal, you can either believe that this volatility will smooth over long periods and that the market has generally positive drift. On the other hand, I feel that the appropriate approach is to remain active. You will be able to mitigate the large downswings by simply staying small and diversifying  - not in the sense of traditional finance but rather looking for uncorrelated products. Remember, volatility brings higher levels of correlation. My second suggestion is to look towards products like options to provide a method of shaping your P/L - giving up upside by selling calls against a long equity position is a great example. Ground your trades with fundamental beliefs if need be, but use your tools and knowledge to combat risks that may create long periods of drawdown."
&gt;No. He worked overtime, he deserves his pay - not paying him 200k is wrong.  He shouldn't be allowed to work overtime.  Bridge patrol should be mandated to be well rested and never overworked.  They should work max 40 hrs a week.  And they should be salaried and not hourly.  &gt;Is it mismanagement? Yes  OK, so it seems we agree.  I'm not saying let's stop paying for overtime.  I'm just saying we shouldn't be paying that much money to highway patrol, even if it's bridge patrol.
Sure, all the income gains have gone to the top, along with gains in wealth from capital appreciation. However, the Fed's expansion of money supply doesn't change that one way or the other.   I suspect the root issue here is the erosion of wages by automation, which concentrates wealth and income among the elite. The Fed can't fight that alone, but Congress won't touch it as they depend on the same elite for campaign funding and TV exposure.
"A few years ago, I stumbled across a little-known band and thought about buying tickets to their upcoming show. The tickets were an absolute steal, maybe $20 each because no one had heard of them but I didn't bother at the time. Figured I'd wait until closer to the tour date. Fast forward to about a month before the show. They had released a very popular single that summer and tickets were being sold online for well over $100. I remember thinking ""if only I knew these guys were going to be a big name one day"". I suppose I could have made a killing buy purchasing tons of tickets and selling them just before the event at a mad profit.  That's about the only scenario I can think of."
The key factors here are  You will need to pay tax in the UK only if you live more than 183 days - that too in a tax year. Indian tax system will also classify you as a NR (Non-resident) if you live outside for more than 182 days in a tax year.  In your case, your income will be in India and will stay in India. So there should not be any UK tax until you try and get that money to the UK. I will not go into outlining what if you want to go down that road since it does not apply. As for tax in India, You will need to pay tax since the source of income is Indian.  Hope this helps.
"It's significant. I look at the VIX Index.  The VIX futures.  etc.  Usually stock  market scares from financial worries (the economy, liquidity freezes, European country defaults etc) tend to last a bit longer, and non-financial worries (plane crashes, military skirmishes) tend to last a few days - then back to biz as usual.  My feeling is that the S&amp;P500 will continue to grind higher as long as the US economy remains on life support (US fed injections), and you will see these periodic -5% S&amp;P500 mini-scares (which are buying opportunities) but the overall trend will remain intact (from the ""lower left to the upper right"" as that goof Dennis Gartman says).  Once the US Fed stops the bond purchase program - it's anybody's guess.    I also think we're in a tech stock bubble again but that's another topic."
I have an interview coming up for an investment operations position. As someone who's fresh out of college, and who doesn't have the qualifications to get into the front office, I've realized that I'll probably have to take a job in the back office. The pay for this job would actually be solid, especially for the area so I am not disappointed with that. Ideally I'd like to be a financial analyst though.  If I were to get a job in the BO (at this point point I'd access the offer if one was made) how can I make sure I don't get stuck for the next 30-40 years?
Unfortunately this is something that should have been determined prior to the book tour. Your tax advisor or accountant could have assisted you in making sure you collected the documentation you needed.  You are going to have to sit down with your advisor with the documentation you have and determine what you can prove.
We are India's based online shop . We sell Bags,caps ,belt &amp; buckle collection at very reasonable prices. We have wide range of  Bag Accessoires like  Messenger Bags, Hversacks, Rucksacks, Backpacks, Laptop Bags, Teens Bags  Belt &amp; Buckle Accessoires like CANVAS BELTS,D RING BELTS,CANVAS EYELET BELTS,LEATHER BELTS,BRAIDED BELTS,CANVAS LEATHER BELTS,WOMEN'S BELTS You can browse our online catalogue by visiting our websithttp://www.honeybadgeronline.com  and choose from our  Stock Items  as per your requirements. Our makers  will definitely meet your needs. We also provide troupe discount or wholesale discount for reseller. We ship allover india,usa,uk,canada,. For more details Contact Us: Phone - 022-25660522 Mobile - 9820215158 Our Office is located at: 212 TIRUPATI INDUSTRIAL ESTATE  BHANDUP VILLAGE ROAD BHANDUP WEST MUMBAI 400078
Its not just the insurers. Healthcare facilities were floating on which way to go and not upgrading or expanding their locations.  Now they have started to move towards expansion and change would throw that all up in the air.
"Is your mother still paying the premiums, or are you? If you're paying the premiums, then just contact the company and say you are no longer willing to pay and want to cancel the policy. If she's paying the premiums, why do you care? If the issue is the non-smoking declaration, and you are a smoker or want to take up smoking ... I don't know what country you live in, but I'd be surprised if there's a law anywhere that gives your mother the legal authority to forbid you from smoking when you are over 18. If you are paying the premiums, then contact the insurance company and tell them that you are no longer a non-smoker. The premiums may go up. If she is paying the premiums, tell her that you are now a smoker and that she should contact the insurance company about changing this clause in the policy if she wants to be sure it remains valid. If she declines to do this, that's between her and the insurance company. As you're not a party to the contract, it really has nothing to do with you. If, as you say, your mother is not fully capable of managing her affairs, you could contact the insurance company for her. I don't see how you could get the policy ""invalidated"". Unless there is some evidence that the life insurance company made false claims, or somehow tricked your mother into buying the policy, or that the policy violates local law, there is nothing ""invalid"" about it. Just because you've decided you don't want the policy doesn't make it invalid. Likewise I don't see how you could get the premiums refunded. The whole point of life insurance is that you pay a monthly premium, and if and when you die, they pay the beneficiary the face value of the policy. Life insurance is often described as a kind of gambling game: The insurance company is betting that you will live long enough to pay more in premiums than they pay out in benefits. You are betting that you will get more in benefits than you pay in premiums. If you die young, you win! If you could wait and see if you die within some time period, and if not demand your premiums back, well, that would be like saying that you want to bet on a spin of the roulette wheel, and if you win you take your winnings, and if you lose you want to get your original bet back. What casino would agree to that? You should be able to cancel the policy at any time. I suppose there might be some specific commitment in the contract, like you pledge not to cancel within X years. If you never signed it, I don't see how you could be obligated to pay for it, regardless of what commitments your mother made. I don't know where you live or your country's laws, but I doubt your mother can sign a contract legally committing you to pay for something for the rest of your life. You say it's a ""whole life"" policy, which means it should have some cash value if you cancel it, i.e. you get SOME money back. Not everything you and/or your mother paid in, but something."
"It depends on when she became the shareholder of record. When your wife received the stock, was ownership clearly transferred to her?  If it was, then she should have the right to sell it if she wants.  The gross amount of the sale will be reported to the IRS, and then it will be up to you (and/or your tax advisers) to determine its tax basis so that you pay tax only on the appropriate gain. If she hasn't become the shareholder of record yet, then it can be a bit of a mess.  Your wife's father saying ""Merry Christmas; I'm giving you 500 shares of AAPL"" doesn't transfer ownership to you.  Him calling up the brokerage and transferring them into an account with her name (or her name and his name) does. Is your wife's father's estate settled yet?  If not, then sorting all of this out is part of the fun.  If it is, and this asset was left dangling out there, then that's beyond anything I know about."
"If you mortgage after the fact you will usually pay an extra .25% higher on the interest rate because a ""cash out"" refinance is treated as riskier than a new home purchase mortgage. You might save enough on the purchase price of the home with a cash offer to make that higher interest rate worth it, but in most cases, if you are planning to hold the loan for a long time, it's best to get that mortgage at the time of purchase. You might be able to get the same deal with an offer that says you will pay cash if there are any problems getting the loan approved."
The US has a number of regulations which are stricter than Canada's (case in point, the requirement for treatment of sewage came into effect much earlier for the US then Canada), this is not necessarily going to result in higher impositions for the US.
"Thousands of others making &gt;100k with no need to have buckets of student debt to learn the trade.   Pop open linkedin, search in the bay area for ""front end."" Filter by ""posted last 24 hours."" Should see about a thousand jobs. Do this daily, the number doesn't drop, and linkedin doesn't let companies spam post, so that's nearly 1000 unique jobs, daily."
"It will be interesting to see if Paypal will pull its services from the [finalcall.com](https://store.finalcall.com/cart), the Nation of Islam's main online newspaper.   For anyone interested:  Nation of Islam is categorized as a Black Separatist hate group by the [SPLC](https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/group/nation-islam), which teaches that the [white race or ""blue-eyed devils""](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yakub_\(Nation_of_Islam\)) is an inferior, evil race created to cause destruction and dominate humanity.   &gt; Its theology of innate black superiority over whites and the deeply racist, anti-Semitic and anti-gay rhetoric of its leaders have earned the NOI a prominent position in the ranks of organized hate.   [Source](https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/group/nation-islam)  From Louis Farrakhan, leader of the Nation of Islam:  &gt; It's the wicked Jews, the false Jews, that are promoting lesbianism, homosexuality. It's the wicked Jews, false Jews, that make it a crime for you to preach the word of God, then they call you homophobic!""   [Source](https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/group/nation-islam)  Sound familiar?"
I agree with IronAnvil. My research and studies in the area of Japanese production [method](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Toyota_Way) supports the idea that middle-management is mostly a drag on effective operations at virtually any organization. Here's a somewhat relevant [counter](http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-bloggers/2554052/posts) to OP's post.
"Traditional banks don't put their money onto the stock markets. In fact, the economic crisis was in part caused by the fact that banks were placing money into higher-risk portfolios and doing just that: in the UK there has been a debate for the last few years specifically around ""firewalling"" retail and investment bank operations entirely.  What I was discussing was in the retail/consumer sector where the money comes in as mortgages &amp; secured loans and - slightly riskier - unsecured credit, credit cards, etc. In that model, you do not need to be a genius. If I lend you $20k to buy a car and you don't repay me my money plus 8%, I get the car and therefore am unlikely to be seriously out of pocket. The only thing I have to do is make sure I lend to people likely to repay more often than I do to those who will not. And that, well, that's something we've got a few hundred years of experience with...  If I walk onto the NYSE and start throwing around my cash at put option on exotic FX markets that are in turn responding to conditions almost impossible to truly understand, well, I'm sure we'd agree that it's hard to beat the market. That's why the investment banks who specialise in that market don't invest their own money: they make money from investing other people's cash. Clever guys.  So we need to understand here there are two very different kinds of banks, with two very different business models, and it was the mixing of them that led to the disaster we've seen. Firewalling them makes sense to me!  Communists who think banks are making money out of thin air don't seem to understand that, and so it's not surprising that they seem confused about what a bank is actually there for. Those who do get these two models must see that a retail bank is there to provide finance based on savings held and investment banks are there to help people invest in riskier markets. That does not mean they are ""magic"" or ""evil"".  Now, they might argue that fractional reserve banking is a problem. I would imagine many of them would prefer the credit union model instead, but that's a different debate: that's the mechanics and detail, not the institutional need for existence."
Posted this week:  [People working on Wall Street how did you get there, and do you have any tips for people who want to pursue a career in finance. \(Me\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/2d7f99/people_working_on_wall_street_how_did_you_get/)   [How did you break into the finance sector?](http://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/2dk37k/how_did_you_break_into_the_finance_sector/)
When economies are strong, it is particularly alluring to have a single currency as it makes trade and tourism simpler and helps reduce costs. The problem comes when individual member economies get into trouble. Because the Eurozone is a loose grouping of nations, there is no direct equivalent of the US Federal government to coordinate a response, there is instead an odd mixture of National and Central government that makes it harder to get a unified approach to the economy (OK, it's maybe not so different to the US in reality).  This lack of flexibility means that some of the key levers of international finance are compromised, for example a weak economy can't float its currency to improve exports. Similarly individual country's interest rates can't be adjusted to balance spending. I suspect the main reason though is political and based on concepts of sovereignty and national pride. The UK does the majority of its trade with the Eurozone, so the pros would possibly outweigh the cons, but the UK as a whole (and some of our papers in particular) have always regarded Europe with suspicion. Most Brits only speak English and find France and Germany a strange and obtuse place. The (almost) common language makes it easier to relate to the US and Canada than our near neighbours. It seems the perception amongst the political establishment is that any attempt to join the Euro is political suicide, while that is the case it is unlikely to happen. Purely from a personal perspective, I'd welcome the Euro except it means a lot of the products I routinely buy would become a lot more expensive if price is 'harmonised'. For an example compare the price of the iPod Touch in the UK (£209.99) to France(€299). The French pay £262 at the current exchange rate, which is close to 25% more. Ouch. See also my question about Canada adopting the US Dollar
My understanding is that the only tax implication is that any interest income earned on foreign accounts is still taxable in the US if held by a US citizen. If the total across foreign accounts totals more than $10,000 you'll have to report those accounts to the Treasury via FinCEN Form 114, this doesn't create any additional tax obligations, it's just a regulatory measure to stop people from hiding money overseas and not paying tax on those earnings. If the US account is only in your husband's name, and the Australian account is only in your name, there may not be any reporting requirement to the Treasury. Money transferred between spouses is not subjected to gift-tax.
For press releases about economic data, the Bureau of Economic Analysis press release page is helpful. Depending on the series, you could also look at the Bureau of Labor Statistics press release page.  For time series of both historical and present data, the St. Louis Federal Reserve maintains a database such data, including numerous measures of GDP, called FRED. They list nearly 15,000 series related to GDP alone. FRED is extremely useful because it allows you to make graphs that indicate areas of recession, like this:  On the series' homepage, there's a bold link on the left side to download the data. If you simply need the most recent data, it's listed below the graph on that page.  If you're interested in a more in-depth analysis, you can use the Bureau of Economic Analysis as well, specifically the National Income and Product Accounts, which are most of the numbers that feed into the calculation of GDP. FRED also archives some of these data. Both FRED and the BEA compile data on numerous other economic benchmarks as well.  Other general sources for a wide range of announcements are the Yahoo, Bloomberg, and the Wall Street Journal economic calendars. These provide the dates of many economic announcements, e.g. existing home sales, durable orders, crude inventories, etc. Yahoo provides links to the raw data where available; Bloomberg and the WSJ provide links to their article where appropriate. This is a great way to learn about various announcements and how they affect the markets; for example, the somewhat disappointing durable orders announcement recently pushed markets down a few points.  For Europe, look at Eurostat. On the left side of the page, they list links to common data, including GDP. They list the latest releases on the home page that I previously linked to.  For the sake of keeping this question short, I'm lumping the rest of the world into this paragraph. Data for many other countries is maintained by their governments or central banks in a similar fashion. The World Bank's databank also has relevant data like Gross National Income (GNI), which isn't identical to GDP, but it's another (less common) macroeconomic indicator.  You can also look at the economic calendar on livecharts.co.uk or xe.com, which list events for the US, Europe, Australasia, and some Latin American countries. If you're only interested in the US, the Bloomberg or Yahoo calendars may have a higher signal-to-noise ratio, but if you're interested in following how global markets like currency markets respond to new information, a global economic calendar is a must. Dailyfx.com also has a global economic calendar that, according to them, is specifically geared towards events that affect the forex market.  As I said, governments and central banks compile a lot of this data, so to make searching easier, here are a few links to statistical agencies and central banks for major countries. I compiled this list a while ago on my personal machine, so although I think all the links are accurate, leave a comment if something isn't quite right.  Statistics Australia / Brazil / Canada / Canada / China / Eurostat / France / Germany / IMF / Japan / Mexico / OECD / Thailand / UK / US Central banks Australia / Brazil / Canada / Chile / China / ECB / Hungary / India / Indonesia / Israel / Japan / Mexico / Norway / Russia / Sweden / Switzerland / Thailand / UK / US
I stopped paying for television from my cable company a few years ago.  I have Netflix, Hulu Plus, Roku, DVDs, Bluray, ect.  The only thing I wish I had that I don't is HBOgo.  I'm in the same boat about commercials as the author.  When I'm at someone else's house and a commercial comes on, it is a novel thing.
This chart showing percentage of smartphone market by operating system is interesting:  https://www.statista.com/statistics/266136/global-market-share-held-by-smartphone-operating-systems/  It shows that Apple has a cyclical trend where the percentage of smartphones sold by Apple peaks in the 4th quarter of every year at around 20% and then gradually goes down to around 15% in the 3rd quarter of each year.  Apple basically survives on a fad-like cycle very similar to automobiles where a new model overcomes the price difference with primarily android phones to create a surge of buyers each year around Christmas.
"My knee-jerk reaction was ""no, they are not worth it"", but I took a little time to look up what some of the trusted names in consumer electronics reviews had to say about extended warranties/service contracts. A cnet writer said that your decision should consider the price of the service contract relative to the price of the item you're buying, as well as the amount of hassle you're willing to endure, should something go wrong. Consumer Reports believes that the warranties that come with your products are almost always enough, and they say that electronics and appliances are so well-built nowadays, the likelihood of you needing extra service before you upgrade are slim-to-none. And the folks over at epinions.com offer the same maybe-yes-maybe-no advice as the cnet guys: depends on your appetite for risk and the options available to you. So I would suggest that the answer be ""no"" most of the time, but consider it anyway."
To Chris' comment, find out if the assignment commission is the same as the commission for an executed trade. If that does affect the profit, just let it expire.  I've had spreads (buy a call, sell a higher strike call, same dates) so deep in the money, I just made sense to let both exercise at expiration. Don't panic if all legs ofthe trade don't show until Sunday or even Monday morning.
Travellingcamera are an ideal website for you! Where you can read journals, narrations, stories and personal experiences. We are an extensive website carries different latest post and stories such as Death in Oregon, A people’s Plea, Woman freezes to death in Oregon and much more. If you want to read related real incident and politics view, then you can visit our website and you can search favorite post related category.
Enormous revenue, not profits. Profits would be taxed. Doesn't seem like a problem to me. You can't spend money without realizing the profits - it's wealth on paper. (You can do interesting things like use it for donations to offset current income, as an individual. Or use it as collateral for transactions without actually selling it and realizing the gains.)
It's only expensive and failing (at the moment) due to trumps behaviors. It might not be perfect for the long run, but we don't need a president making dangerous decisions to de fund Healthcare by millions which wasn't approved by congress. And he's doing it for his own personal political gain because he knows t will fire up is supporters, like you. Well I've got news for you.. I hope you have good health insurance and don't get cancer. You might be burning your MAGA hat overnight.
If you want to 'offset' current (2016) income, only deductible contribution to a traditional IRA does that. You can make nondeductible contributions to a trad IRA, and there are cases where that makes sense for the future and cases where it doesn't, but it doesn't give you a deduction now. Similarly a Roth IRA has possible advantages and disadvantages, but it does not have a deduction now. Currently he maximum is $5500 per person ($6500 if over age 50, but you aren't) which with two accounts (barely) covers your $10k.  To be eligible to make this deductible traditional contribution, you must  have earned income (employment or self-employment, but NOT the distribution from another IRA) at least the amount you want to contribute NOT have combined income (specifically MAGI, Modified Adjusted Gross Income) exceeding the phaseout limit (starts at $96,000 for married-joint) IF you were covered during the year (either you or your spouse) by an employer retirement plan (look at box 13 on your W-2's). With whom. Pretty much any bank, brokerage, or mutual fund family can handle IRAs. (To be technical, the bank's holding company will have an investment arm -- to you it will usually look like one operation with one name and logo, one office, one customer service department, one website etc, but the investment part must be legally separate from the insured banking part so you may notice a different name on your legal and tax forms.) If you are satisified with the custodian of the inherited IRA you already have, you might just stay with them -- they may not need as much paperwork, you don't need to meet and get comfortable with new people, you don't need to learn a new website. But if they sold you an annuity at your age -- as opposed to you inheriting an already annuitized IRA -- I'd want a lot of details before trusting they are acting in your best interests; most annuities sold to IRA holders are poor deals. In what. Since you want only moderate risk at least to start, and also since you are starting with a relatively small amount where minimum investments, expenses and fees can make more of an impact on your results, I would go with one or a few broad (= lower risk) index (= lower cost) fund(s). Every major fund familly also offers at least a few 'balanced' funds which give you a mixture of stocks and bonds, and sometimes some 'alternatives', in one fund.  Remember this is not committing you forever; any reasonable custodian will allow you to move or spread to more-adventurous (but not wild and crazy) investments, which may be better for you in future years when you have some more money in the account and some more time to ponder your goals and options and comfort level.
From my experience it is much easier to start as a self-employed rather than a limited company. You almost have no paperwork and self assessment can be done online in as little as 20 minutes (from personal experience).  On the other hand having a limited company grants you a pile of papers to fill in from the start and almost certainly needing an accountant to do your taxes.  Regarding the income tax - if you have no profits, you will pay no tax. And that will leave you only with national insurance that is only about £70 for 3 month (better check with HMRC for the exact figure). So if you don't have a good enough reason to do a Ltd, start as a self-employed, you can always change to limited company later.
"I will say in advance this is not a great answer, but I had a similar experience when I owned a CIT bond that defaulted. I ended up getting stock plus 5 newly issued bonds as a replacement for my defaulted bond. My broker had no clue on cost basis and didn't even try for the new securities, I called the ""hotline"" setup about CIT default and they knew nothing, and finally I read all the paperwork around the restructuring but it was less than transparent. So in the end I ended up claiming everything as a wash, no gain/no loss - which probably screwed me in the end as I believe I ended up down. It was a very small position for me and was not worth the headache :("
Despite all the extensive benefits of communication and marketing that the internet has brought, it also includes the danger of an easy means of disparaging a company or individual. This is why it is so essential to safeguard your company’s good name as well as reinforce your credibility. How can you do this?
Store cards also tend to have a fairly low credit limit so depending on how much money you spend on the card, your credit utilisation might be a lot higher than desirable.
"This article is written by an idiot!!  Risk ≠ failure, risk = possibility of failure  Reward (return) should be commensurate with risk and this is why long-shot propositions should be worthwhile. An example of this could be something like the following; an investment with a 95% chance of success should return about 5% on the investment (1 in 20 risk of loss, 1/20th return on investment for taking the risk) while a long-shot investment with a 5% chance of success should be paying a 2000% return (1 in 20 will succeed but they will pay 20 times the investment if they do).  An investment with a 0% chance of return (that you are suckered into due to ""opacity"") is not an investment, it is being robbed and it should be illegal. WTF is opacity? Lying?"
While it may look similar income and wealth inequality is not directly related H1 visa.  After all, it provides someone from poorer region jobs.  It has more to do with technology. Stopping H1B visa won't solve that issue.
Currency hedge means that you are somewhat protected from movements in currency as your investment is in gold not currency. So this then becomes less speculative and concentrates more on your intended investment.  EDIT The purpose of the GBSE ETF is aimed for investors living in Europe wanting to invest in USD Gold and not be effected by movements in the EUR/USD. The GBSE ETF aims to hedge against the effects of the currency movements in the EUR/USD and more closely track the USD Gold price. The 3 charts below demonstrate this over the past 5 years.    So as is demonstrated the performance of the GBSE ETF closely matches the performance of the USD Gold price rather than the EUR Gold price, meaning someone in Europe can invest in the fund and get the appropriate similar performance as investing directly into the USD Gold without being affected by currency exchange when changing back to EUR. This is by no way speculative as the OP suggests but is in fact serving the purpose as per the ETF details.
"Hey there - thanks for your input. The internet can be a confusing place sometimes, especially when you don't know what to look for. I've subscribed to usenet (for the ""white papers"") but so far to no avail. I'll definitely search for the Moody's paper!"
You say that one property is 65% of the value of the two properties and the other is 35%.  But how much of that do the two of you actually own?  If you have co-signed mortgages on both properties, then your equity is going to be lower.  If you sold both properties, then your take away would be just half of that equity.  And while the 35% property may be less valuable, if you bought it first, it may actually have more equity.   It's the equity that matters here, not the value of the property.  With a mortgage, the bank is more of an owner than you are until you've paid down most of the loan.   You may find that the bank won't agree to a single-owner refinance.  A co-signed mortgage is a lot easier for them to collect, as they can hold either of you responsible for the entire loan.   If you sell the 65% property, then you can pay off any mortgage on that property and use the equity payout from that to buy out your relative on the 35% property.  If you currently have no mortgage, you'd even have cash back.  This is your fewest strings option.   Let's say that you have no mortgage now.  So this mortgage would be the only mortgage on the property.  It's not so much, as 15:65 is 3:13 or 18.75% of the value of the property.  That's more of a home equity loan than a mortgage.  You should be able to get a good rate.  It might reduce your short term profit, but it should be survivable if you have other income.   If you don't have other income, then seriously consider selling the 65% property and diversifying the payout into something else.  E.g. stocks and bonds.   Perhaps your relative would be willing to float you the loan.  That would save you bank fees and closing costs.  Write up a contract and agree to take assignment of the title at payoff.  You'll need to pay a lawyer to write up the contract (paying a modest amount now to cover the various future possibilities), but that should still be cheaper.   There's a certain amount of trust required on both sides, but this gives you some separation.  And of course it takes your relative out of the day-to-day management entirely.  Perhaps the steady flow of cash would provide what they need.   If your relative is willing to remain that involved, that can work.  Note that they may not want to do this, so don't get too attached to the idea.  Be prepared for a no.  This would be a great option for you, as you pretty much get everything you have now.  They get back the time meeting with you to make decisions, but they also give up control over those decisions.  Some people would not like that tradeoff.   The one time I was involved with a professional managing a property for me, the fee was around 7% of the rent.  If that fits your area, you might reasonably charge 5%.  That gives a discount for family and not being a professional.   There's a relatively easy way to find out what fits your area.  Look around and see what companies offer multiple listings.  Call until you find a couple that will do management for you.  Get quotes for managing your properties.  Now you'll know the amounts.   The big failing though is that this may not describe the issue that your relative has.  If the real problem is that the two of you have different approaches to property management, then making you the only decision maker may be the wrong direction.  This is certainly financially feasible, but it still may not be the right solution for your relationship.   If you get a no on this, I'd recommend moving on to other solutions immediately.  This may simply be too favorable to you.
When you start living in US, it doesn't actually matter what was your Credit history in another country. Your Credit History in US is tied to your SSN (Social Security Number), which will be awarded once you are in the country legally and apply for it. Getting an SSN also doesn't guarantee you nothing and you have to build your credit history slowly. Opening a Checking or Savings account will not help you in building a credit history. You need to have some type of Credit Account (credit card, car loan, mortgage etc.) linked to your SSN to start building your credit history. When you are new to US, you probably won't find any bank that will give you a Credit Card as you have no Credit history. One alternative is to apply for a secured credit card. A secured credit card is one you get by putting money or paying money to a bank and open a Credit Card against that money, thereby the bank can be secure that they won't lose any money. Once you have that, you can use that to build up your credit history slowly and once you have a good credit history and score, apply for regular Credit Card or apply for a car loan, mortgage etc. When I came to US 8 years ago, my Credit History was nothing, even though I had pretty good balance and credit history back in my country. I applied for secured credit card by paying $500 to a bank ( which got acquired by CapitalOne ), got it approved and used it for everything, for three years. I applied for other cards in the mean time but got rejected every time. Finally got approved for a regular credit card after three years and in one year added a mortgage and car loan, which helped me to get a decent score now. And Yes, a good Credit Score is important and essential for renting an apartment, leasing a car, getting a Credit Card etc.  but normally your employer can always arrange for an apartment given your situation or you need to share apartment with someone else. You can rent a car without and credit score, but need a valid US / International Drivers license and a Credit Card :-) Best option will be to open a secured credit card and start building your credit. When your wife and family arrives, they also will be assigned individual SSN and can start building their credit history themselves. Please keep in mind that Credit Score and Credit History is always individual here...
First, i think you're doing awesomely for your age. Here's what i'd do in your situation (disclaimer: These are just my personal opinions from experience with my own finances.): I'd do all those things and partition the money so that i ensure i do them all. That may mean not dollar cost averaging monthly but rather quarterly to keep fees-percentages down, but i think that's reasonable for your age. Something i don't think you should overlook with regard to your mortgage is the freedom afforded you by paying off a home. It provides you with the freedom to be out of work, between work, or take an extended leave without the fear of how to pay your bills, the mortgage tending to be a significant percentage of the monthly bills. If that's not something you've considered, not a concern, or not something you care about, then paying off your home probably isn't a priority so I'd drop that step and put more money into investments.
the CIA has been meddling in every country's backyard. starting with their first mission after their inception: ruining the Iranian democratically elected government in 1953. quickly followed by funding rebel unreset in Guatemala 1954 in order to replace their democratically elected goverment with another US-puppet.  it doesn't end there .. that was just the beginning.
Feya Ltd Е най-добрият водещ производител на работно облекло в България. Ние предлагаме най-доброто обслужване и предлагаме нашия дизайн в други страни в България. Нашият екип е опитен. Ако искате да Производство на работно облекло в голям мащаб, можете да се свържете с нас нашата фабрика, която се намира в Чирпан. Използваме продукта във всички продукти с най-добро качество. Ако искате да висококачествено работно облекло за безопасност, тогава ние сме най-добрата платформа за вас!
"To report backdoor Roth IRA contributions in TurboTax, you have to fill in two completely separate places: After you fill out #1, your ""taxes"" will seem to increase, but go back down when you fill out #2, if you fill it out correctly. You have to make sure to answer all the questions literally, in order to correctly calculate the basis from the previous year. Unfortunately, this is one of the things that's easier to do by hand (just filling out Form 8606) than using one of these software products. Backdoor Roth IRA is one of those things ""the average Joe"" doesn't do, so the software product doesn't optimize for it."
You're not clueless at all. You don't mention that you have any debt, but if you have consumer debt, you might want to consider accelerating your payments on those debts unless you're already doing so. You and your wife have a baby on the way.  They're an absolute joy (we have a 7-year-old), but they're also a financial strain.  If I were in your shoes knowing what I know about your situation, I'd think carefully and go slowly with any investing until after you adjust to a larger family.  That way you run less risk of having a sizable investment tank when you really need the money for your new baby. Continue to learn about investing.  There's no reason to rush into something you're not comfortable with. If your goal is for a down payment on a house, then continue towards that.  Cash is just fine for that.  Shop around for a good house from someone who really needs to sell.
We can see that the velocity of money has been in downward trend for decades. For now it's at the historical low and seems to be overlooked by the general public and perhaps academics. What are the implications? Is it a problem?
I noticed a lot more things getting painless with Stata that would have been annoying in ecxel. In stata this could have been one command entered.   But I'm sure there are ways to do things more elegantly in excel I just don't know how. Stata was a learning effort of about a week to do what I was doing.
"From what you've described, your spouse is a non-resident alien for US tax purposes. You have two choices: Use the Nonresident Spouse Treated As Resident election and file as Married Filing Jointly. Since your spouse doesn't have, and doesn't currently qualify for, an SSN, he/she will need to apply for an ITIN together with the tax filing. Note that by becoming a resident alien, your spouse's worldwide income the whole year would be subject to US taxes, and would need to be reported on your joint tax filing, though he/she will be able to use the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion to exclude $100k of her foreign earned income, since he/she will have been out of the US for 330 days in a 12-month period. Or, file as Married Filing Separately. You write ""NRA"" for your spouse's SSN on your tax return. As a nonresident alien, if your spouse doesn't have any US income, he/she doesn't have to file a US tax return, and doesn't need to apply for an ITIN. Which one is better is up to you to figure out."
With Apple the money is offshore.    That is why they borrow and at now about $100B of debt but have about $250B in the bank offshore.  But you do have to be careful because the money offshore is NOT yet taxed and so it is not really a 1:1.  With Google it is less than $4B so not really a big deal but can not answer why not just use the onshore cash to pay it off.   Google has plenty of money onshore to do this.    I believe Apple over the last year had 4% onshore low point and high point was 7%.    Google it is 40% or 60%.  I know it is 40/60 split but can never remember which way.
Not entirely true and depends who maintains the roads. At the state level,  it depends on the state - some fund a large chunk out of gas taxes, some out of vehicle registration fees, and some fund more out of other taxes.  Then you get down to the county level, and local level and it's even more varied. Things maintained by the municipal government are often funded more by property tax than by fuel tax.  On top of that, there's a large chunk administered at the state and local level, but funded by federal dollars that came from income taxes or sources other than fuel taxes.  [if you like sources](http://www.streetsblog.org/2009/11/24/new-report-road-funding-from-non-road-users-doubled-in-25-years/) or [this overview of the state level](http://www.uiowa.edu/~ipro/Papers%202006/roadfunding012307.pdf)
You can be assured of our professional service and many smiles on your special day. Because Your search ends here, At Vamos paella, we understand that a delicious food is always of primary focus in paella parties. We have created three enticing menus that will allow you to combine paella with tapas, salads, breads, salsa and desserts. Of course, this menu can be customized to cater for your vegetarian, pescatarians and non vegitarian friends alike. Get innovative and offer tasty treats to accompany paella. This could be in form of desserts, appetizers or even entrees. Checkout our site: http://paellacatering.jigsy.com/entries/general/hire-paella-catering-for-your-next-big-event
"The simplest argument for overpayment is this: Let's suppose your fixed rate mortgage has an interest rate of 4.00%. Every £1 you can afford to overpay gives you a guaranteed effective return of 4.00% gross. Yes your monthly mortgage payment will stay the same; however, the proportion of it that's paying off interest every month will be less, and the amount that's actually going into acquiring the bricks and mortar of your home will be greater. So in a sense your returns are ""inverted"" i.e. because every £1 you overpay is £1 you don't need to keep paying 4% a year to continue borrowing. In your case this return will be locked away for a few more years, until you can remortgage the property. However, compared to some other things you could do with your excess £1s, this is a very generous and safe return that is well above the average rate of UK inflation for the past ten years. Let's compare that to some other options for your extra £1s: Cash savings: The most competitive rate I can currently find for instant access is 1.63% from ICICI. If you are prepared to lock your money away until March 2020, Melton Mowbray Building Society has a fixed rate bond that will pay you 2.60% gross. On these accounts you pay income tax at your marginal rate on any interest received. For a basic rate taxpayer that's 20%. If you're a higher rate taxpayer that means 40% of this interest is deducted as tax. In other words: assuming you pay income tax at one of these rates, to get an effective return of 4.00% on cash savings you'd have to find an account paying: Cash ISAs: these accounts are tax sheltered, so the income tax equation isn't an issue. However, the best rate I can find on a 4 year fixed rate cash ISA is 2.35% from Leeds Building Society. As you can see, it's a long way below the returns you can get from overpaying. To find returns such as that you would have to take a lot more risk with your money – for example: Stock market investments: For example, an index fund tracking the FTSE 100 (UK-listed blue chip companies) could have given you a total return of 3.62% over the last 3 years (past performance does not equal future returns). Over a longer time period this return should be better – historical performance suggests somewhere between 5 to 6% is the norm. But take a closer look and you'll see that over the last six months of 2015 this fund had a negative return of 6.11%, i.e. for a time you'd have been losing money. How would you feel about that kind of volatility? In conclusion: I understand your frustration at having locked in to a long term fixed rate (effectively insuring against rates going up), then seeing rates stay low for longer than most commentators thought. However, overpaying your mortgage is one way you can turn this situation into a pretty good deal for yourself – a 4% guaranteed return is one that most cash savers would envy. In response to comments, I've uploaded a spreadsheet that I hope will make the numbers clearer. I've used an example of owing £100k over 25 years at an unvarying 4% interest, and shown the scenarios with and without making a £100/month voluntary overpayment, assuming your lender allows this. Here's the sheet: https://www.scribd.com/doc/294640994/Mortgage-Amortization-Sheet-Mortgage-Overpayment-Comparison After one year you have made £1,200 in overpayments. You now owe £1,222.25 less than if you hadn't overpaid.  After five years you owe £6,629 less on your mortgage, having overpaid in £6,000 so far. Should you remortgage at this point that £629 is your return so far, and you also have £6k more equity in the property.  If you keep going: After 65 months you are paying more capital than interest out of your monthly payment. This takes until 93 months without overpayments. In total, if you keep up £100/month overpayment, you pay £15,533 less interest overall, and end your mortgage six years early. You can play with the spreadsheet inputs to see the effect of different overpayment amounts. Hope this helps."
Yes, you can make contributions to your HSA for 2013 until April 15, 2014.  However, when you make the contribution, you need to explicitly tell the financial institution that your deposit is for tax year 2013, as they will be reporting to the IRS your total 2013 contributions after April 15. If you haven't filed your tax return for 2013 yet, you can wait until you make your final HSA contribution for 2013, and then file (before April 15).  Otherwise, if you have already filed for 2013, and you make another HSA contribution for 2013, you'll need to file an amended return in order to claim the additional deduction. One more piece of advice: Don't wait until the last day to make this contribution.  Make your final contribution at least a week early.  Each year here on the site we get some questions from people who made an HSA or IRA contribution on April 15, only to be told by the bank that they missed some internal bank deadline by a few hours.  There is no need to wait until the last day; don't cut it too close.
Credit cards come with an interest-free grace period of ~25 days as long as you pay your balance in full every month. In other words, charges made in January will appear on a bill cut on Jan 31, and due around the 25th of February. If paid in full by 2/25, there's no interest. It is a very good idea to get in the habit of paying off your entire balance every month for this very reason. Don't buy anything you can't afford to pay for at the end of the month when the credit card bill is due. You'll avoid interest charges, build good habits, and improve your credit score. By just paying the minimum amount due, you'll be charged interest from the moment of purchase, and the grace period on new purchases goes away. Credit card companies make the minimum amount due relatively low as a way to encourage you to pay more and more in interest every month. Don't fall for it! Look for a credit card with zero annual fee. Sure, rewards are nice, but it's more important to avoid fees, keep the interest rate low, and get in the habit of paying in full every month, in which case the interest rate won't matter. Your bank or credit union is a good place to start looking.
Does the 457(b) plan allow for the rollover of other retirement funds into it? And do you have very specific reasons for wanting to roll over your SEP-IRA into the 457(b) plan instead of into some other IRA plan with a different custodian? For example, if you already have a Traditional IRA, is there any reason why your SEP-IRA should not be rolled over into the Traditional IRA? With regard to the question about separate accounts, once upon a time, rolling over money from an employment retirement plan (e.g. 401k) into a Traditional IRA required establishing a separate account called a Rollover Traditional IRA so that the rolled-over money (and the earnings thereon) were not commingled with standard traditional IRA money resulting from personal contributions). This was so that the account owner had the option of rolling over the separately kept money into a new employer's retirement plan (if such a rollover was permitted by the new 401k plan). If one did not want to ever roll over money into a new employer plan, one had to write a letter to the custodian telling them that commingling was OK; you never wanted to put that money into another 401k plan. The law changed some time later and the concept of Rollover IRAs holding non-commingled funds has disappeared.  With that as prologue, my answer to your question is that perhaps the law did not change with respect to 457(b) plans, and so the money that you want to rollover into the 457(b) plan needs to be kept separate and not commingled with your contributions via payroll deduction to the 457(b) plan (in case you want to ever roll over the SEP-IRA money into another SEP-IRA). Hence, separate accounts are needed: one to hold your SEP-IRA money and one to hold your contributions via payroll deductions.
Before the iPhone, Nokia was worth around 250 BILLION $. That's nearly the same ballpark as Apples current valuation. And it evaporated to less than 8 billion and then to nothing in a few short years. The level of incompetence required at every step of the way to destroy that much capital is quite simply staggering. So many incompetent idiots, stumbling around with no clue what they were doing. Ballmer and Elop get most of the flack, but I'd say the old guard of leaders at Nokia deserve the brunt of the blame.
"According to the following article the answer is ""first-in, first-out"": http://smallbusiness.chron.com/calculate-cost-basis-stock-multiple-purchases-21588.html According to the following article the last answer was just one option an investor can choose: https://www.usaa.com/inet/pages/advice-investing-costbasis?akredirect=true"
&gt; That's almost entirely people under the age of 26  Yup. So again to say ACA hasn't taken effectyet is wrong, and you've yet to show where I am wrong, if you can, go ahead and quote me.   &gt; Thanks for playing.  Yup, I'm happy to have won.
Advanced Cleaning Systems enjoys a growing reputation as one of the best carpet cleaners in Tryon, NC, as well as experts in Tyron rug and tile cleaning. Let our professional and skilled carpet cleaning team make your rugs and carpets look like new.
"As a BC alum all I can say is....enjoy it! It's an amazing school and the alumni network is incredibly helpful. Make friends, go to Hockey games, have a good time, and take interesting classes outside of CSOM.   It's great that you're already so far ahead of the curve in terms of thinking about your future. Just remember: Everyone thinks they will get a 4.0 their first year, but nobody actually does.  BC is a semi-target and a lot of my friends got FO summer analyst roles through OCR and were then hired full time. Typically they had 3.6-3.8 GPAs and some extra curriculars.   Nobody expects anything freshman year. Even if you ""only"" get a summer internship at some small company helping with the accounting, you will be way ahead. I did a cold calling summer job at a 10 person company and ended up doing Finance anyway.   Feel free to PM me if you have any questions about BC or the internship search. Go Eagles!"
Thanks. I'm more shocked than anything, that the majority of people are so strongly opposed to a perfectly reasonable suggestion: that a dubious blog which can't pass the test of basic academic credibility, and outright states it's own methodology is unscientific, cannot be taken as a credible source in an argument. People got unreasonably upset about it and they won't even say why.
"&gt;or just plain useless job skills.  Not that commenter, but I honestly think the focus of college as jobs only has been one of the biggest downfalls. It's caused a stigma to trade schools and to not going to college.  Additionally, for people who are there, the focus on STEM at all costs seems to be leaving us with people who are less able to think critically, analyze information, and write coherently. The former two, at least, are hugely problematic for an informed society. An uninformed (or wrongly informed) society can have tons of negative repercussions. See: current political climate.  Also, there have been reports laying out the math that offering ""free"" college would currently be cheaper than the system of loans we have, chasing down defaulters, etc."
"Why should the owners and the leagues do that?  I'm no ""FREE MARKET"" loon, but it is the job of the owners and the leagues to get whatever value they can for the tickets  or advertising space.  If the players bring a huge value to how much advertising they sell or how many people want to go to the games, why should they not be compensated fairly for that?"
The fact that you're a minor really only factors into who pays the taxes, you or your parents. If you are below the age where you can legally earn money (and therefore pay taxes), then the income will be considered your parent's or guardian's income, and they will be responsible for the taxes. If you are of the age where you are legally allowed to earn your own money, then yes, you will have to pay taxes. Either way, taxes must be paid. If age were a way of escaping the taxes, every big youtuber would simply open their account in the name of one of their children or a child they know...
&gt;You seem to have very little respect for your coworkers in general. So why the fuck are you still there?!? A true high performers rarely can stomach working with people they despise as long as you've been with this company.  It's a job and I need the money. I'm used to being the top percentile of the class, working at the top firms. The economy has made that difficult. So I'm settling for less and looking for better opportunities in the meantime.  Thanks for the advice, I understand what you mean now.
property rights...N. America was the only region without a large population relative to it's size because it's cold. To encourage ppl to move their the King of England had to give ppl property rights, which he did not in other southern colonies where their main plan was resource extraction (not sure if this is the case in NZ or Australia, but I wouldn't be surprised).
They most likely went to the debt markets for the money. I'm only saying this because it's still cheap to borrow money and Bezos has a history of borrowing money for acquisitions, especially in the early 2000s (most of which Bezos later regretted). Amazon obviously has huge cash pile but why would you ever use your own money when you can use someone else's?
Many services charge prices that do not scale linearly with usage.  This is because the service provider has fixed costs that they must recoup by charging a rate with a fixed component.  A 5-mile taxi ride is unlikely to cost half what a 10-mile taxi ride costs.  Even a half sandwich at a sandwich place usually costs more than half of what a full sandwich costs.  In this respect, insurance is no different from many other items you may purchase.
Option prices can predict the range of movement of the underlying, but not if the underlying is going up or down. An option price gives an implied volatility for an underlying . That IV number helps predict a range for the underlying price over the next few days,months, upto a year.
Yes, you can set up a PayPal or a Google Checkout account without a bank account linked to it. Neither PayPal nor Google Checkout requires you to link to a bank account. Both services provide for linking your payment account to a credit card instead.
There are different types of agreements. Sometimes an underwriter will simply try to find buyers. Other times an underwriter will guarantee that all shares will be sold at some price. If this is the case and they do not find enough buyers, the underwriter will buy the remaining shares.
"&gt; ""Our biblical mission,"" an online statement reads, ""is to 'sell' our lighting products so that we may 'tell' everyone we can about God's soul-saving, life transforming gospel message...""  First piece of evidence (but legal)  &gt; In the interview, Wolfe claims he was told most employees at Voss were Southern Baptist, but employees could go to any church, as long as they were ""born again.""  Second piece of evidence (trending towards grey area, but legal)  &gt; According to the complaint, the manager asked Wolfe ""to identify every church he has attended over the past several years; where and when [he] was 'saved' and the circumstances that led up to it.""  Third piece of evidence (not legal)  &gt; The complaint claims the manager asked Wolfe if he would ""have a problem"" coming to work early, without pay, to attend Bible study.  Fourth (not legal, but often overlooked)  When I say the business laid out what they expect out of employees, I did mean ""during the hiring process based on the questions asked"", not laid them out in public view. It's still illegal whether they did it in public or private."
I would not remove the current social programs . I wouldn't keep the current school system in the States or Canada if I was going to do this either . Public tax payed schools and apprenticeship programs only . So not qualified would not really be an issue , there would be something . Not wanting to is actually kind of the point , since apparently according to the article  most unemployed men really want to do just do drugs or it doesn't say so but I suspect stay home and play video games or both  .
Although I don't think you need to factor in risk tolerance to get the probabilities, I agree with JoeTaxpayer that you will need to factor in risk tolerance in order to make a practical decision about what to do.  In fact, I think that to make a practical decision you will need more than the specific probability you ask for you in the question; rather, you would like to see the complete probability distribution of possible outcomes. In other words, it's not enough to know that there is a 51% chance that investing will outperform paying down debt.  You actually need to know much it outperforms when it does outperform, and how much it underperforms when it underperforms.  As JoeTaxpayer's comment suggests, you might not choose to make an investment that had a 99% chance of outperforming debt payment by 1%, and a 1% chance of underperforming by 99%. I think it possible to address these questions by doing simulations.  This can be done even with a spreadsheet, but more flexibly with simple programming.  Essentially you can create some kind of probabilistic model of the various factors (e.g., chance that your investment will go up or down) and see what actually happens: how often you lose a lot of money, lose a little money, gain a little money, or gain a lot of money.  Then based on that you can consult your inner spirit animal to decide whether the probability distribution of possible gains outweighs that of possible losses.
Misleading title. The McDonald's corporation is having trouble on three continents. Title makes it sound like people are threatening him to the point of having to lock himself in his home or have armed guards around when travelling abroad. But what else can you expect from HuffPo...
You are correct in thinking actual number of shares do not matter, the value is the value.   However there are cases where share price does play a role.  Berkshire Hathaway for example has not split because Warren Buffet believes it has cut down on the liquidity of the stock, as well as attracting investors with an eye for the longer term.   There have also been things written on the psychology of a share price. For example, some people are attracted to shares that split, because it reflects a company is growing.
It depends on the vesting schedule and the likelihood you'll be there long enough to get any vesting. A typical 6 year schedule gets you 20% after 2 years. You already know you'll be there 1 year, so now you need to decide if you'll last 2 years. Unless you know for sure you won't last 2 years, you should take the match on the 4%. Suppose your retirement plan earns 10%. If you leave before 2 years, compared with your 18% you're only behind by 8% return. But if you last 2 years, you'd be making a 32% return on that same amount. After 3 years you'd make 54%, and up it goes from there until you hit a 120% return after 6 years. I'd take the match simply because you have a lot more to gain than you have to lose if you leave early.
"If neither of you has evidence to show the other, it sounds like you're just fighting over pre-conceived gut-opinions. If both of you can admit to that, then start from there, and start taking a look at the evidence together. Make sure you have a common goal that you can use as a measuring stick, while looking at the available evidence - if two people are measuring the same ""truth"" with different measuring sticks, they'll probably end up with unrelated conclusions..."
EDIT: After reading one of the comments on the original question, I realized that there is a much more intuitive way to think about this. If you look at it as a standard PV calculation and hold each of the cashflows constant. Really what's happening is that because of inflation the discount rate isn't the full value of the interest rate. Really the discount rate is only the portion of the interest rate above the inflation rate. Hence in the standard perpetuity PV equation PV = A / r r becomes the interest rate less the inflation rate which gives you PV = A / (i - g). That seems like a much better way to get to the answer than all the machinations I was originally trying. Original Answer: I think I finally figured this out. The general term for this type of system in which the payments increase over time is a gradient series annuity. In this specific example since the payment is increasing by a percentage each period (not a constant rate) this would be considered a geometric gradient series. According to this link the formula for the present value of a geometric gradient series of payments is: Where P is the present value of this series of cashflows.   A_1 is the initial payment for period 1 (i.e. the amount you want to withdraw adjusted for inflation).   g is the gradient or growth rate of the periodic payment (in this case this is the inflation rate)   i is the interest rate   n is the number of payments This is almost exactly what I was looking for in my original question. The only problem is this is for a fixed amount of time (i.e. n periods). In order to figure out the formula for a perpetuity we need to find the limit of the right side of this equation as the number of periods (n) approaches infinity. Luckily in this equation n is already well isolated to a single term: (1 + g)^n/(1 + i)^-n}. And since we know that the interest rate, i, has to be greater than the inflation rate, g, the limit of that factor is 0. So after replacing that term with 0 our equation simplifies to the following: Note: I don't do this stuff for a living and honestly don't have a fantastic finance IQ. It's been a while since I've done any calculus or even this much algebra so I may have made an error in the math.
The reason I don't know of any banks who would offer this to you (even if you held the investment account with their bank) is that there is no upside to the bank. It is a good idea for you, but what would they have to gain from this arrangement?  The reason banks require a down payment is underwriting quality. If you can afford a significant down payment, they know that there is a significantly lower chance that you will default. However, if you were to provide an investment account as collateral, you would receive all the upside, and any downside would reduce their collateral as a percent of the amount loaned. This sort of idea could potentially work along the lines of a margin call (ie you have to provide additional capital if your asset value drops), but this would have the effective of leveraging the bank's risk, when their objective is to lower their risk through requiring a down payment. I don't see a reason why the bank would take on the risk that you would need to provide additional capital down the road with no upside for them. Additionally, many banks have backed away from the kinds of zero-down-payment and negative-amortization-ARM loans that got them (or the people they sold them to) in trouble over the last few years in an effort to reduce how much risk they take on. I think that in theory, you'd have to offer a lot more benefit to the bank, and that in practice it's probably a non-starter right now.
They are not as good of an option when compared to a card you open chosen based on features and rates.  Get a card with a lower rate that can be used anywhere.
It's not an easy calculation so I made this demonstration that compares a fixed investment with a 100% mortgage, for a simple case.  (Obviously if you lessen the mortgage with a deposit it's somewhere between the extremes.)  The demonstrations shows some definite differences at higher interest rates.  You can probably decipher the calculations in the code if you're interested.  It's intended to be legible. http://demonstrations.wolfram.com/BuyOrRentInvestmentReturnCalculator/
I forgot to share with you the latest news [62-Year-Old German Woman Fined over 1,000 Euros for Sharing Anti-Migrant Joke Online](http://www.breitbart.com/london/2017/06/04/62-year-old-german-woman-fined-1000-euros-sharing-anti-migrant-joke-online/)  &gt; A 62-year-old German woman has been fined 1,350 euros by the government after she shared and liked an anti-migrant joke picture on her Facebook page. The 62-year-old Berlin resident Jutta B. from Lichtenberg was arrested and had her home raided by police after she shared a picture on Facebook entitled, “Do you have anything against refugees?” For sharing the picture, which included disparaging comments about migrants, the woman was sentenced to a 1,350 euro fine, German newspaper Berliner Morgenpost reports.  **Germans are so happy and free in their own safe and tolerant country!**
With 100K, I would dump the first 95K into something lame like a tax advantaged bond or do as the others here suggested.  My alternative would be to take the remaining 5K and put into something leveraged.  For instance, 5K would be more than enough to buy long term LEAPS options on the SPY ETF.    @ Time of post, you could get 4 contracts on the DEC 2017 leaps at the $225 strike (roughly 10% out of the money) for under $1200 apiece.  Possibly $1100 if you scalp them. 4 * $1200 = $4800 at risk. 4 * $22500 = $90,000 = amount of SPY stock you control with your $4800. If the market drops, SPY never reaches $225 in the next 3 years and you are out the $4800, but can use that to reduce capital gains and still have the $95K on the sidelines earning $950 or so per year.  Basically you'd be guaranteed to have $97K in the bank after two years. If the market goes up significantly before 2018, you'll still have 95K in the bank earning a measly 1%, but you've also got 4 contracts which are equal to $90K shares of S&P 500.  Almost as if every single dollar was invested.  Bad news, if SPY goes up 20% or more from current levels over the next three years you'll unfortunately have earned some taxable income.  Boo freaking hoo. https://money.stackexchange.com/a/48958/13043
There are alreayd solutions. Shorter working hours, increased leisure time. Sure people will have less money, but some have postulated that doing so will decrease the cost of living as a correlation, so things should be that much cheaper as well, plus the reduced costs associated with unemployment, and increased need for service industries to work with all the additional leisure time,.
How is not different?  You want to retire early; hence, you will save what you deem necessary to retire early.  On the other hand, if you turn your retirement savings into capital gains; that's good.  Nonetheless, if you start to earn capital gains that is detrimental to the economic value of the state; then, your taxes should be at higher rate to compensate for that.   Everyone encourages business; rarely anyone would encourage a monopoly.  Earning wealth is good business, hoarding wealth is a monopoly.
Would I have to pay income tax other then TDS on interest earned on my saving bank account. No being NRI you are not taxed in India on income outside of India. I am sending money from EU to my OWN saving account. Please note this account is not NRI\NRO\FCNR As an NRI you CANNOT by law hold a regular Savings Account. Please convert this account to NRO ASAP. Does the channel I use to transfer money to India would make any difference? Its 3rd party transfer service. Whether you transfer the funds or not is irrelevant. As the income was during the period when your status is NRI, there is no Tax in India. sold some shares from my Indian demat account online and got some STCG. You would need to pay tax on this in India Edit:   Self Assessment Tax can be paid till 30 July 2015 for the Financial Year 1 April 2014 to 31 March 2015. Tax have to be paid in advance, so if your tax obligation is more than Rs 10,000/- there will be an interest at 1% per month and penalty at 1% per month payable
another point to consider is that as new jobs are created in services for example, they don't necessarily create as much value (and therefore income) as the old jobs that they are replacing  this is one reason for our current economic structure, a tiny upper class and a majority of low-wage earners serving them
"Their interest expense was $17M. Where you see $5.14/sh in Key Statistics, any daily interest received is more than canceled out by the expense paid at the same time. I understand your concern, but this company is not ""sitting on cash"" as are Apple, Google, etc. Short term rates are well below 1%, 1yr tbill looks like about .2%. So strictly speaking, each share might have 1 cent interest you need to concern yourself with. Disclaimer to other readers - This has nothing to do with taxes. OP is asking about a specific part of the company cash flow. His worst case is $1 per 100 shares."
"[JAPS Surrender](http://www.amren.com/ar/2009/05/15a-japs-surrender.jpg), also not an accurate headline since not all Japanese did surrender and there were some holdouts in remote locations for decades after the war.  No headline can be accurate under strict enough criteria and there are limitations on headline space because it quickly turns into a paragraph to get everything right (it's head**line** not headparagraph with citations). Also headlines, so far as I know, are used to grab attention and the facts are in the story (which qualifies the headline). That's the way it's always been. And ""Stuff About CEO Pay"" doesn't have anywhere close to the same appeal."
I would say not. I feel like the narrative here is supposed to be that these closings are victims of a shift to online shopping, but in reality I feel like that's only partially a cause. Sears and Kmart were on the downswing before online shopping was as significant of a competitor. All their locations I've ever visited are/were poorly run. Bad customer service, understocked shelves, bad presentation, etc. I'm sure the internet hasn't helped brick-and-mortar stores, but these two don't exactly make me feel bad that they're on the way out.
"&gt; it's cult of excuse makers present their case   Huh?  You were complaining that the Monsanto 'side' were using science and facts, whereas you were trying to use a ""general look from the outside that suggests"".  I haven't seen you present a single shred of scientific evidence so far.  Just moan that everyone who disagrees with you is a shill."
These are the most ideal approaches to search for a viable Chinese course Shanghai tutor. Keep in mind that it's not quite recently the tutor's learning that you ought to know about. You should likewise mull over the way that she will keep you up on your toes as you learn the language.
I vote on Plan C. Why pay taxes? In an emergency situation, you could always borrow from the 401k.
You will need Premier, since it is the first one to include Schedule E. Deluxe used to support Schedule E for investments, but not anymore. Most taxpayers know Schedule E as the schedule used for rentals, but you're going to need it to report your S-Corp income.
"It's called Scenario Planning most often and yes, major corps always do this, and yes, political climate is a high ranking criterion - especially where it really matters (and healthcare has been up there for oh, about 20 years at least).    I haven't been in their board room, that is why I'm ""almost"" certain."
Bullshit.  Do you actually work with young people or is this just a caricature you've imagined up? About 90% of the young people I've worked with are hard workers and want to improve their knowledge and proficiency. I've seen virtually no evidence of people just showing up expecting a 6 figure salary because they have a bachelor's degree.
One more thing to consider is fleet upgrading.   Let's say an individual person drives in the rain and finds out that set of circumstances causes the car to fishtail and crash. Now that one person knows that lesson. Nobody else benefits from that new knowledge. That one guy will be super careful next time it rains and he drives into a curve or whatever, but the next guy doesn't know better, so he may make the same mistake as the first driver.  When the computer AI crashes the car, the company pours over the crash data. The software is tweaked to learn to avoid that kind of accident, and that updated software is pushed to the whole fleet. Now every car that gets that update is a little bit better of a driver. Over the months and years, it will get better and better.
The one in Vegas is awesome. Mountain Dew Baja Blast Breeze with tequila tastes pretty good. Though I think their plan is rather ambitious, 300+ Taco Bell Cantinas, 50 in Manhattan?! Outside of major nightlife areas, I don't see it working.
"The simple answer is: Where 'think' stands for ""after your calculations, and guts/intuitions, and analysis"", of course."
Written by salesmen, for clueless executives.   Why bother to ask your in house tech people for their input? It's so degrading when everyone knows you are better than they are.  it goes so wrong almost every time.
I didn't vote one way or another.  But this passes for analysis?   It seems like a bunch of childish name-calling.  &gt;  mainstream media propaganda ... talking head breathlessly ... Wall Street oil analysts ... paid hundreds of thousands of dollars ... paraded on CNBC ... episode of a never ending reality show ... sedated ... brainless twits ... corporate mainstream media ... promoting the storyline of those in power  ... government drones   Edit: above is from the opening paragraph.
"Shrekli was rightfully caught illegally funneling money from one company to pay back investors in a failing fund. That's separate from the so-called ""AIDs drug"" he supposedly price-gouged pple with.   First off, the drug is not an AIDs Rx. It treats a parasite-caused disease called toxoplasmosis that pple w/ a weakened immune system (i.e. like AIDs patients) are at risk for. The drug is only needed until the parasite is gotten rid of &amp; it was also a drug that caused adverse drug reactions...something that the biomedical industry is trying to lower w/ pharmacogenomics/pharmacogenetics data. You may not like capitalism, but personally, I think it's a good thing that there are pple like Shkreli who want to take old drugs and develop better, less toxic medications. And from my understanding, the pts who did not have insurance or could not pay for this drug were given it for free."
Here is another explanation of an SMA.  SMA refers to the Special Memorandum Account which represents neither equity nor cash but rather a line of credit created when the market value of securities in a Reg. T margin account increase in value.  For example, assume the market value of securities purchased at a cost of $10,000 on margin (at 50%) increase in value to $12,000.  This $2,000 increase in market value would create SMA of $1,000, which provides the account holder the ability to either: 1) buy additional securities valued at $2,000 (assuming a 50% margin rate) without depositing up additional funds; or 2) withdraw $2,000 in cash, which may be financed by increasing the debit balance if the account holds no cash.   It should be noted that while an increase in market value over original cost creates SMA, a subsequent decline in market value has no effect on SMA.  SMA will only decline if used to purchase securities or withdraw cash and the only restriction with respect to its use is that the additional purchases or withdrawals do not bring the account below the maintenance margin requirement. SMA will also increase on a dollar for dollar basis in the event of cash deposits or dividends. More details at http://ibkb.interactivebrokers.com/article/66
"They may have planned on spending more money, but they haven't actually done so (just as I may plan to buy a new TV, but up until I've bought it I can change my mind).  The ever increasing spending, and related debt, is just a symptom of our ""leaders"" failing to make choices and lead. If A is more important than B, then spend the money on A and forego B--don't buy both. And, if both are essential then raise the taxes to pay for them. All we've seen for the last 40 years is congress buying A, and B, and then throwing in C for good measure but never figuring out how to pay for them. They simply pass the debts on to future generations and that's what has to stop. If we need something now, we should pay for it now. We should not be signing away our children's futures expecting them to pay for things because we want them now."
Credit is not free money. The idea is you will repay all of it, within a reasonable amount of time. It is abundantly clear you either don't really understand this concept or completely failed at planning for it. Or even at keeping up with how much you owe - you are curiously blaming the bank for letting you go over the limit. The reason most banks will authorize that for credit customers is they don't want to strand people in some sort of an emergency situation. I'd recommend you cut back on your spending and work on paying the balance down. If you have been charged any over the limit fees you can attempt to negotiate getting those credited. Most banks will compromise on that the first time. I don't really recommend it, but if there are some circumstances surrounding this that are temporary and you are very confident about being able to manage money better in the future - chances are you might be able to get approved for another card. If you otherwise have had some good credit history and this situation is very recent, it may not even show up on your credit report yet and another bank might happily approve you. They may even offer a low or zero interest (for some time) balance transfer deal, which you should use to get the other card within the limit. If that ends up working, it's very important that you keep in mind having dodged the bullet once doesn't mean you will ever be able to do it again. Get your budget in order and pay things off.
My advice would be to keep in mind they want to know 2 things.  Are you smart enough/hard working enough to do the job? You answer this typically with the resume which gets you to the second question,  Are you a normal human being they would like to hang out with/interact with for 8 hours a day 5 days a week?
The state has been running a deficit for at least 15 years. Many want to blame Rauner (he didn't pass any bills to help, but arguably brought the issue to the forefront.) But at this point it's basically systemic and baked into the structure of the state. There needs to be major changes but no politician (or not enough) want to pursue long term solutions. It's all about immediate political power. There are rumblings of Illinois being the first state to file for bankruptcy.
You could theoretically use any time period unit, but 1 minute and 30 minute  seem to be the most common and useful.  Especially for active traders.  This also has the added advantage of giving you useful insight into the trade volumes throughout the day; assuming that is also included on the chart.  I think most include that as a bar chart across the bottom. Here is a great example for crude oil on dailyfx:  https://www.dailyfx.com/crude-oil Notice that the chart has time options at the top left which include 1 minute, 30 minutes, 1 hour, and 1 day.
"Investopedia probably should change the wording to ""tax free"" since all of the gains in a Roth IRA can be withdrawn without any additional taxes at retirement time. Tax deferred should only refer to the gains in a traditional IRA. ""Tax advantaged"" might be a reasonable term to use in both cases."
To add to Dheer's point, the vast majority of retail investors will have to pay fees and use up a large amount of valuable time on the entrance and exit of each stock, and each and every time you rebalance as the index weightings change. These also add up extremely fast vs the few basis points the large and liquid ETFs charge for this service.
"Repurchase agreements are a way of financing a security position. You have a collateralized loan where you give your security in exchange for cash. Let's say you have a 10 year Treasury note paying 3.5% while the 1-week repurchase rate is 0.5%. You loan the security to someone with a promise to repurchase it from them some time in the future. You  collect the 3.5% coupon and you pay the 0.5% interest. Clearly it makes no sense for someone to collect interest on money and also collect coupon payments. And for the counter-party it makes no sense to be not getting coupon payments and also to be paying interest. This how one website explains the process: During the transaction, any coupon payments that come due belong to   the legal owner, the ""borrower."" However, when this happens, a cash   amount equal to the coupon is paid to the original owner, this is   called ""manufactured payment."" In order to avoid the tax payment on   the coupon, some institutions will repo the security to a tax exempt   entity and receive the manufactured payment and avoid the tax (""coupon   washing"") I find this unequivocal description to be the clearest During the life of the transaction the market risk and the credit risk   of the collateral remain with the seller. (Because he has agreed to   repurchase the asset for an agreed sum of money at maturity). Provided   the trade is correctly documented if the collateral has a coupon   payment during the life of the repo the buyer is obliged to pay this   to the seller."
Body corporate law Queensland is the leading firm that has the highly educated and skilled lawyers. We have a dedicated team that is ready to provide you the best advice regarding your body corporate law issues. At Body corporate law Queensland we are aware of all the issues that arise in the body corporate organizations regarding the community titles. Our experts have been engaged in making the toughest decisions for the body corporate organizations that we have been working with. We will help you to get out of your comfort zone and accomplish something extraordinary at: http://www.activelaw.com.au/
No, because that would be just as unsutainable.  I'm saying that in terms of effect on cost inflation in this sector, single payer doesn't help any more than the current system in the US. Any time you pay for services with a financial product that fails to apply downward pressure on prices, you will see skyrocketing costs, just like we saw in the housing bubble, and like we are seeing now with college tuition and health care.
You can check the website for the company that manages the fund. For example, take the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (IBB). iShares publishes the complete list of the fund's holdings on their website. This information isn't always easy to find or available, but it's a place to start. For some index funds, you should just be able to look up the index the fund is trying to match. This won't be perfect (take Vanguard's S&P 500 ETF (VOO); the fund holds 503 stocks, while the S&P 500 index is comprised of exactly 500), but once again, it's a place to start. A few more points to keep in mind. Remember that many ETF's, including equity ETF's, will hold a small portion of their assets in cash or cash-equivalent instruments to assist with rebalancing. For index funds, this may not be reflected in the index itself, and it may not show up in the list of holdings. VOO is an example of this. However, that information is usually available in the fund's prospectus or the fund's site. Also, I doubt that many stock ETF's, at least index funds, change their asset allocations all that frequently. The amounts may change slightly, but depending on the size of their holdings in a given stock, it's unlikely that the fund's manager would drop it entirely.
At what point does my investment benefit from compounded interest? Monthly? Quarter? Yearly? Does it even benefit? I think you are mixing things. There is no concept of interest or compounding in Mutual Funds. When you buy a mutual fund, it either appreciates in value or depreciates in value; both can happen depending on the time period you compare. Now, let's assume at the end of the year I have a 5% return. My $10,000 is now $10,500. The way you need to look at this is Given you started with $10,000 and its now $10,500 the return is 5%. Now if you want to calculate simple return or compounded return, you would have to calculate accordingly. You may potentially want to find a compounded return for ease of comparison with say a Bank FD interest rate or some other reason.  So if $10,000 become $10,500 after one year and $11,000 after 2 year. The absolute return is 10%, the simple yearly return is 5%. Or the Simple rate of return for first year is 5% and for second year is 4.9%. Or the Average Year on Year return is 4.775%.
It would be fairer to the average person if we paid our normal tax rate on the amount we contributed to the IRA and paid at the capital gains rate for the difference. The same as people that invest outside of the IRA. Most IRAs aren't that large and most people are going to have a rough time living on the reduced social security. It seems like we are taxing the average Joe at a higher rate than the rich.
"First of all, I'm happy that the medical treatments were successful. I can't even imagine what you were going through.  However, you are now faced with a not-so-uncommon reality that many households face. Here's some other options you might not have thought of:   I would avoid adding more debt if at all possible.  I would first focus on the the cost side.  With a good income you can also squeeze every last dollar out of your budget to send them to school.   I agree with your dislike of parent loans for the same reasons, plus they don't encourage cost savings and there's no asset to ""give back"" if school doesn't work out (roughly half of all students that start college don't graduate) I would also avoid borrowing more than 80% of your home's value to avoid PMI or higher loan rates.  You also say that you can pay off the HELOC in 5 years - why can you do that but not cash flow the college?   Also note that a second mortgage may be worse that a HELOC - the fees will be higher, and you still won't be able to borrow more that what the house is worth."
If someone recommends a particular investment rather than a class of investments, assume they are getting a commission and walk away. If someone recommends whole life insurance as an investment vehicle, walk away. Find someone whose fiduciary responsibility is explicitly to you as their client. That legally obligated them to consider your best interests first. It doesn't guarantee they are good, but it's done protection against their being actively evil.
I would go with the 2nd option (put down as little as possible) with a small caveat: avoid the mortgage insurance if you can and put down 20%. Holding your rental property(ies)'s mortgage has some benefits: You can write off the mortgage interest.  In Canada you cannot write off the mortgage interest from your primary residence. You can write off stuff renovations and new appliances.  You can use this to your advantage if you have both a primary residence and a rental property.  Get my drift? P.S. I do not think it's a good time right now to buy a property and rent it out simply because the housing prices are over-priced.  The rate of return of your investment is too low. P.S.2.  I get the feeling from your question that you would like to purchase several properties in the long-term future.  I would like to say that the key to good and low risk investing is diversification.  Don't put all of your money into one basket.  This includes real estate.  Like any other investment, real estate goes down too.  In the last 50 or so years real estate has only apprepriated around 2.5% per year.  While, real estate is a good long term investment, don't make it 80% of your investment portfolio.
No. Brokers and HFT are two different entities, mostly.   No HFT shops have prior information about a client order.  PM me if you want to discuss more in detail. Getting beyond the scope of this post.
Who said I'm worried? I'm just telling you what antibiotic-free means. Some people care about animals getting antibiotics because overuse of antibiotics might lead to antibiotic-resistant bacteria.  I'm unsure how fluoride is related to antibiotics, but I'm sure your precious bodily fluids are uncontaminated.
As others said, Greece cannot set.monetary policy because that is the job of the ECB. If you meant fiscal policy, then you are right: their high levels of debt plus their default this year make it so that they cannot unilaterally borrow more money to run a deficit as the private market will not lend to them. This makes them dependent on a bailout.
So, my loan has about a 4.8% interest rate, payments about 450 a month for 10 years, so no, I'm not particularly worried about my loans. Rates are low and refinancing is easy once you're a couple years out of college.
"Simple answer: Breakeven is when the security being traded reaches a price equal to the cost of the option plus the option's strike price, assuming you choose to exercise it. So for example, if you paid $1.00 for,say, a call option with a strike price of $19.00, breakeven would be when the security itself reaches $20.00.  That being said, I can't imagine why you'd ""close out a position"" at the breakeven point.  You wouldn't make or lose money doing that, so it wouldn't be rational. Now, as the option approaches expiration, you may make adjustments to the position to reflect shifts in momentum of the stock.  So, if it looks as though the stock may not reach the option strike price, you could close out the position and take your lumps.  But if the stock has momentum that will carry it past the strike price by expiration, you may choose to augment your position with additional contracts, although this would obviously mean the new contracts would be priced higher, which raises your dollar cost basis, and this may not make much sense. Another option in this scenario is that if the stock is going to surpass strike price, it might be a good opportunity to buy additional calls with either later expiration dates or with higher strike prices, depending on how much higher you speculate the stock will climb.  I've managed to make some money doing this, buying options with strike prices just a dollar or two higher (or lower when playing puts), because the premiums were (in my opinion) underpriced to the potential peak of the stock by the expiration date.  Sometimes the new options were actually slightly cheaper than my original positions, so my dollar cost basis overall dropped somewhat, improving my profit percentages."
This is called the gordon growth model (or dividend discount model).  This is one way to value a stock, but in practice no one uses it because the assumptions are that companies will return value to investors solely via regular dividends, and that the growth rate and the required rate of return from investors are constants; among other issues.
"I can think of a few reasons for this. First, bonds are not as correlated with the stock market so having some in your portfolio will reduce volatility by a bit. This is nice because it makes you panic less about the value changes in your portfolio when the stock market is acting up, and I'm sure that fund managers would rather you make less money consistently then more money in a more volatile way.  Secondly, you never know when you might need that money, and since stock market crashes tend to be correlated with people losing their jobs, it would be really unfortunate to have to sell off stocks when they are under-priced due to market shenanigans. The bond portion of your portfolio would be more likely to be stable and easier to sell to help you get through a rough patch. I have some investment money I don't plan to touch for 20 years and I have the bond portion set to 5-10% since I might as well go for a ""high growth"" position, but if you're more conservative, and might make withdrawals, it's better to have more in bonds... I definitely will switch over more into bonds when I get ready to retire-- I'd rather have slow consistent payments for my retirement than lose a lot in an unexpected crash at a bad time!"
"You're circling around the answer...  The only real difference between a loddar and a privately-issued promissory note is that the loddar is issued by a recognized third party with better credit/credibility (the whole merchant/priest/farmer cartel-thing).   Private entities absolutely can and do issue their own promises to pay, and accept them, and in turn rely on those promises to make other promises. It's what you do when you charge something to a credit-card on the basis of your employer's promise to pay. You charge new tires, the tire store promises to pay its employees based on your CC company's promise to pay the tire-store, which is based on your promise to pay the credit-card company, which is based on your employer's promise to pay you, which is based on your employer's contracts with its customers, and so on...  In fact, often as not, the whole chain *never actually gets reconciled with printed cash.* The central bank never has to print or even know about these transactions. It's just checks and electronic transfers: promises all the way down, maybe with occasional cash withdrawals for popcorn at the movies or to tip the stripper or something...   That doesn't mean it's not ""real money"", it absolutely is: those promises are buying groceries and tires and making mortgage-payments and paying dentist bills and getting people to dig up stuff out of mines that will be fashioned into iPads, and all kinds of stuff.  Where this hurts most people in the brain is that they kind of accept dollar bills as axiomatically and intrinsically valuable. So trying to explain in reverse how they are the same as promissory notes or credit-certificates is like trying to convince them that a plane ticket is the same as an airplane (which is obviously not true).   That's why I started with this imaginary world without money. If you let go of any preconceptions, and stop trying to think through the analogies and don't read it trying to predictively look for the outcome conclusions, if you just read it and follow the story through, it is obvious that the *only* intrinsic difference (in that imaginary world) between apple-certificates, loddars, and privately-issued IOUs is the *credibility of the issuer*.  Trying to understand this stuff via analogy will make your head spin: Taking it all the way back to the thread-topic and the question at the top of the page, what makes it so difficult is the tendency and mental impulse to analogize money as a ""thing"" that ""is"" somewhere, and therefore has to ""go"" somewhere.   But that's an intrinsically and substantially imperfect analogy, which is what makes it hard to explain to a five-year-old. And you can't make the reality fit that analogy and stay sane. Even if you refuse to accept all this maddening abstraction and insist on only doing transactions with physical cash, or gold pieces, *the value of those markers is still 100% contingent on everyone accepting that everyone else will continue to believe that everyone else will continue to accept that currency...*  Money is essentially a promise that other people will keep. Instead of giving you food, your employer gives you a ""universal gift certificate"" that you can redeem anywhere, and everyone else will accept it, because they can in turn redeem it anywhere else. The only difference between using a bank-draft or printed dollar bill, versus writing a promise to make good yourself, is the credibility of the issuer.   That's a really difficult premise for most people to accept, because it's invisible and abstract, and seems to conflict with tangible interactions you've been doing all your life. So we have this sort of tendency to try and force the reality to fit preconceived conceptual analogies, like someone who keeps rejecting explanations of how airplanes can fly because ""that still doesn't explain how metal can be lighter than air""... it's demanding that the reality must fit a hypothesis that doesn't apply.   Hope that helps."
Most UK stock brokers don't require or allow margin trading.  A quick web search for 'UK share dealing comparison' shows entries from money.co.uk and moneysupermarket.com who both provide lists of different brokers, e.g. Barclays, Hargraves Lansdown, IG Share Dealing, The Share Centre, TD Direct, Interactive Investor, YouInvest, etc. Some of the UK banks also provide a share dealing service, from quickly looking at their websites, Barclays, HSBC and Halifax all appear to provide share dealing services.
First The Intelligent Investor and then the 1962 edition Security Analysis - which is out of print, you can get it on Amazon.com used or ebay. Then you can read the edition backward but the 1962 edition is the best - IMHO. And don't forget The Rediscovered Benjamin Graham and  Benjamin Graham on Value Investing by Jane Lowe
It's not typically possible for someone to jointly own the house, who is not also jointly liable for the mortgage. This doesn't matter however, because it is possible for two people to get a mortgage together, where only one person's income is assessed by the lender. If that person could get a mortgage of that amount on their own, then the couple should also be able to get the same mortgage. Source: My wife and I got a mortgage like this. She is self-employed, rather than meet the very high requirements for proving her self-employment income, we simply said that we only wanted my income to be taken into consideration.
A personalized alphabet chart can help keep track of your little one’s growth. It’s one of the most effective ways to introduce your child to the world of alphabets. The whole idea of personalization can infuse interest in the kid and make it a fun and engaging experience overall.  Print BIG Photo offers the best kinds at affordable rates.
Say a stock is listed in Nasdaq, and the same company has a stock listed in Tsx. Does the Nasdaq price affect the Tsx price as trading commences? Not directly. Basically, an exchange is a market, and the price is defined only by supply and demand in that market. However, any substantial price differential for a commodity traded in multiple market creates an arbitrage opportunity, and there are many traders whose job it is exactly to find and use such opportunities. Their activity in turn has the effect of reducing the price differentials to the point where transaction costs make them unprofitable. With high-frequency traders around, the time for a price differential to disappear is nowadays measured in milliseconds. If a trader buys from one exchange, will it affect the price of the other? Only through the mechanism mentioned above.  Are there any benefits to being listed in two exchanges? It increases the liquidity of a stock.
At the end of the day, Heavenfall needs a paradigm shift so that we can square the circle.  Because when the rubber meets the road, he needs to strategize how he can bring the same value add that others are bringing to this discussion.  I didn't even have to look back at the article.
Many years ago, I worked for a medium sized company that developed HR software for medium sized companies. Their own HR department bought and used another company's HR system, arguing that internal billing costs made the in-house system too expensive. The CEO said this was a sensible business decision. I was quite surprised.
Eyes are very sensitive. You have to look after them really well so you don't end up with big issues. Some eye issues may result in high blood pressure or diabetes. You are going get an Eye Care in Barrington IL that can be professionals and certified to deal with disease, allergies, dry eyes, infections and other problems. They should be able to assess your eye health with new technological innovation. You should be able to get searching for picture of your eye if you need to see the growth of anything irregular going on in there.
You can deliberately phrase it in a derogatory way all you want, but until the Democrats start to at least even mention things like jobs and international deals, rather than concentrating on dividing people into different victimized groups to gain power over them, or which appropriate gender pronouns to use to not offend the always-offended... the silent majority of Americans will just ignore them.
Let Go App...good way to find awesome deals on furniture. Depending on climate find a nice bike, pretty easy way to get around &amp; low maintenance costs compared to a car ( i.e. insurance, gas, repairs). Then depending on whether your work offers matching 401k programs, max that out or find a good index fund &amp; consistently build that emergency fund. Chill for 10-15 years &amp; enjoy the benefits of compounding interest my friend.
&gt; You're not an engineer, are you?  Of course I am.  And I run a business that employs nearly a dozen other engineers.  You've been working at the wrong places if you're this bitter and demoralized.  I'd encourage you to find a better job so you don't feel like you're merely swapping hours of your finite existence for cash.
It discourages people from obtaining a high-limit card simply to show off, because the bank's forcing them to use it or lose it.
This is not accurate. Amazon is not a monopoly because they don't control any  given market. It's a great use case for exploring the limitations of our current laws and regulatory apparatuses in the digital age.   A great use case and a terrifying one.   Similarly to all the data security problems coming up.   Regulation has not kept pace with how the world has changed. /is changing.
I'm suspect of the claim too, but my university let me take 25-30 hours+ after I threw a stink. Since I didn't take summer classes and the engineering workload was immense, I have no interest in doing a 5-year degree.   It was/is a credible university.   That being said, some people are more unlucky than others, but many don't take advantage of their luck. There's a reason foreigners often compromise a lion's share of the new millionaires in this country and dominant in education despite the fact they often have depressed economic situations. Yes, yes, model minority blah blah blah.  THAT being said, everybody gets help from somebody at some point in their life, even if it's parents or a friend. Very, very few people get *no help ever*.
In addition to what @HartCO and @rocketman wrote, being a successful landlord either takes a lot of either:
Hopefully we can correct some of these balances though. Our brains evolved for fight or flight style survival, not for living in modern urban environments. I can certainly see the benefit for an artificial brain to be able to make perfect math calculations for instance, something our human brain struggles with. If we can't find ways to overcome these issues, what is the point really.
Steve Jobs was only good in marketing and taking advantage of ideas invented originally by many gray people. For example, the Apple II was totally invented and created by Steve Wozniak who was mistreated by Jobs.  When Steve Jobs came with his own ideas, they were total failures: Lisa, Next, Newton, and even his ideas of how to run Apple computer (almost went bankrupt and lost control of his own company.)  On the other hand, Elon Musk seems to make new products on his own.   But, again, not blaming Elon, those ideas were first researched and conceived by many gray people.
micro venture capital investments and SoLoMo are the current buzz words in the investment community. Jordan Combe, a London based investor and entrepreneur is keen on helping businesses of any kind, not just the glamorous hi-profile hi-tech ones succeed with careful financing and management
You can take a shortcut and make a few cumulative transactions, maybe just estimate how much of your spending landed in each of your budget categories, but you will lose a lot of the value that you were building for yourself by tracking your spending during the earlier months. I reconcile my budget and categorize my spending on a monthly basis. It's always a chore to pull out the big stack of receipts and plow through them, but I've learned the value of having an accurate picture of where all my money went. There is no clean way to fake it. You can either take the time and reconcile your spending, or you can take a short cut. It probably renders your efforts to track everything from the beginning of the year invalid though. If you want to start over this month (as you did at the beginning of the year) that would probably be a cleaner way to reconcile things.
The average inflation rate in the US over the last 17 years is 2.17% per year. source So he has $30,000 now. If another 3 years go by and he doesnt invest it in anything whatsoever, he would have 30,000/(1.0217^3) = $28,128 equivalent buying power 3 years from now.   I would not focus on how much money he is losing per year, but instead focus on the religious constraint of not gaining interest. What was the intent of the religious prophet or person who was discussing this issue? If he invested the money with a 1% interest rate, and split the profit down the middle, half of it for his savings and half of it given to a charity of his choice, would that be something that would be likely to change his behavior? Consider this approach if you're trying to help someone to understand the ramifications of a financial.
I don't ever remember an issue (HFT) that is more widely contested by such a large group of people that continuously claim that the other party doesn't know what they're talking about because they're forgetting about _______.   Disclaimer: I read Flash Boys, yet can still only explain HFT with the acumen of a 4th grader.
I'll subscribe for a while just to see what it's like.   Still holding onto my OLD windows phone for now. I'd hate to have to go back to Android, but I know when this device finally dies, my choices will be really limited.
Yes, if you want income and are willing to commit to hold a bond to maturity, you can hold the bond, get the scheduled payments, and get your principal returned at the end. US Savings Bonds are non-marketable (you cannot trade them, but can redeem early) bonds designed for this purpose. The value of a marketable bond will vary over its lifetime as interest rates change and the bond matures. If you buy a 30 year US Treasury bond at par value (100) on September 1, 2011, it yielded 3.51%. If rates fall, the value of your bond will increase over 100. If rates rise, the value will decrease below 100.  How much the value changes depends on the type of bond and the demand for it. But if your goal is to buy and hold, you don't need to worry about it.
I asked about this in the last thread, but got no answers because it was 4-5 days old at the time.   I'm a finance student, and currently an intern at a big Financial Services firm. The internship is in compliance, though, and that's not exactly where I want to end up later. I don't know exactly what I want to do, but I assume there are some skills that are widely applicable in the entire industry that aren't taught enough, and I want to learn something over the summer (through Coursera/books/videos/whatever). The problem is, I don't know what. Does anyone here have any suggestions? I was thinking something along the lines of programming or some more advanced excel stuff that isn't taught in school, but I don't really have any place to start. Any advise would be appreciated.
I am no expert, but lots of things can cause drops.  Large unsecured revolving debt (credit cards) - even jf you payoff monthly, unpaid medical bill, acquiring multiple credit cards or other multiple credit searches, any form of lawsuit, and I am sure several other things
Dining room furniture set plays a pivotal role at every home. A sincerely purchased dining set can add a sense of style to any room at your home. It is an extension of your personality - so make sure to pick the one that is definitely you.
Volume and prices are affected together by how folks feel about the stock; there is no direct relationship between them. There are no simple analysis techniques that work.  Some would argue strongly that there are few complex analysis techniques that work either, and that for anyone but full-time professionals. And there isn't clear evidence that the full-time professionals do sufficiently better than index funds to justify their fees. For most folks, the best bet is to diversify, using low-overhead index funds, and simply ride with the market rather than trying to beat it.
Good for you.  That's where it's at.  Hell, I've thought about doing the same.  But, if someone wants me to work in Manhattan, I'd take no less than $250k per year.  I'm not saying my work is worth that, but it wouldn't be worth it *to me* for anything less.  Although, if there's one group of people *more* loathed than beltway bandits, it's investment bankers.  Probably, if it all came down, people would gladly spike both our heads.  Really, I don't expect the zombie apocalypse anytime soon.  But, it's an enjoyable escape!  Edit.  I wasn't a B.  I was an A.  Maybe, just maybe, I have some experience with SOF.  Christ, people think that Tier 1 operations are some kind of shadow magic and that SOF are fucking ninjas.  Operations are about keeping things simple.  And don't even get me started on how LEOs work.  I've trained them and worked with them often.  Hint, hint: if you do good ISR, you don't tend to throw flashbangs into babies' cribs.
I had a similar situation, except the debtor had no connection to us whatsoever, other than holding our phone number previously. We tried going through channels to deal with it, and had no success. At the end of the day, I was very abusive to the people calling, and forwarded the number to a very irritating destination.
"Market makers (shortened MM) in an exchange are generally required to list both a bid and ask price to allow both buyers and sellers to trade and keep the market moving.  However, a more general idea of a MM may includes companies off an exchange (say large banks acting as broker/dealers in an over-the-counter market) are not required to give a simultaneous bid/ask, but often will on request.  So, it might depend on where you are getting this data but likely the bid/ask was quoted simultaneously. An exchange, like the NASDAQ for instance, may have multiple MMs for a given market.  The ""market"" spread will be from the highest bid to the lowest ask over all the MMs.  The highest bid and lowest ask may come from different MMs and any particular MM often will have a larger spread. The size of the spread gives a rough idea of how much a MM is trying to make off of a ""round trip"" trade (buying than immediately selling to someone else or selling than immediately buying from someone else).  Of course, immediate round-trip trades are not always possible and there are many other complications.  However, half the spread is a rough indicator of how much they hope to make off of a single trade."
Any accounting software should be able to handle this.  When you invoice them, set the invoice date to the date of the event.  Then receive a partial payment against that invoice.  This will cause your accounting software to display the service income in the correct period as well.  So if you sent them invoice for August 7, 2014 event on May 5th, 2014 and they gave you $500 due, you would see this Income in August ($500 on Cash basis, $1000 on Accrual basis.  When you received the other $500 in August, you would see $1000 for both methods).  You would not see any income in May, when you created the invoice.  This is better for revenue matching with the correct period. When you send them same invoice (say 30 days before the event), Set the software to show payments already received  (it seems that most online accounting software will do this by default).  Here is an example in Freshbooks.    Here is an example in Xero:  Seems they both display information on when you can expect payment on the their respective dashboards.   In the Desktop version of Quickbooks (which I use a lot), it will not show the balance of the customer by default on an invoice.  You will have to modify the invoice template.  There are more details on that here.  In Desktop version of Quickbooks, you can look at Cash Flow Forecast report to see the expected amount coming in.   I hope that helps and good luck.
Check with the trade organisation; they may be able to make credit card arrangements.
So you think the Port of Beaumont is going to be simultaneously loading tankers with crude oil for export and unloading tankers with imported crude. Really.  They're trying to send oil to Texas because that's where the oil refineries are. That's why there's a giant gasoline pipeline there in the first place.
Tax problem is a widespread cause of strain within people and any kind of analysis would likely reveal that it's not several but a significant large inhabitants whom at some point or the additional have had to have tension and stress using tax settlement troubles.
There would have to be regulations for a variety of issues involving driverless cabs.  But that is ignoring the fact that the main reason that most cabs aren't awash in bodily fluids at the end of a weekend night is that there is a human present to both prevent and deal with everything that happens in a cab.
In many cases yes.  In the case of an employer handing employees a credit card to use, that is clearly income if the card is used for something other than a business expense. Generally speaking, if you're receiving something with a significant value without strings attached, it is likely taxable. Google no doubt has an army of tax attorneys, so perhaps they are able to exploit loopholes of some sort.
"Wait, are you sure you've got that right? What you're describing is a tax credit that counts against your total owed.   In normal operations, companies get to ""write off"" all of their expenses and they only pay taxes on the net profit of the operation. So I guess you could say that if it cost me $100M to move a factory off shore, and my marginal tax rate was 35%, then I would ""save"" $35M in taxes ( it still cost me the $100M, but it only felt like it cost $65M).   This is true of any business expense. I (not Romney, apparently) don't know of any special treatment that offshoring activities get one way or the other."
You can add $262,500 worth of notes payable (assuming that you use the cash to buy inventory immediately). Any more and you would push the current ratio below 2. In case this ratio is the trouble, the formula for current ratio is current assets over current liabilities. Notes payable is a current liability and inventory is a current asset so you add the number to both of them. I used Excel to do this.  With this addition the quick ratio is 1.19. The formula for this is (current assets - inventory)/Current liabilities. So you take ($1,312,500 + $262,500 - $262,500 - $375,000)/($525,000 + $262,500) = 1.19
In a purely e-commerce point of view, they're pulling ahead of the other retailers. The problem, though, is that anyone making 'progress' isn't doing it organically, they're just buying the smaller guys that are doing it better (ie Jet.com for Walmart, drugstore.com for Walgreens) and jamming it into their way of working.
Do you really think that just because a business doesn't deal directly with the government they have NO interest in policy? Minimum wage laws, parental leave, immigration, regulations... all these things  and many more impact business regardless of direct business with government.  It's hard to imagine a business that DOESN'T have at least some interest in what the economic climate the government of the day is creating.
seriously...I'm the only one that is recommending VoIP.ms?  It costs a buck a month to keep your number and you can get DIDs (numbers) from other countries that point to the same phone. You'll need a ATA though to hook up your normal phone to the internet...I use the Cisco PAP2T-NA and it works wonders with good QoS on the router.  Bonus: This also allows you to do long distance phone calls on your smart phone if you have 3g/wifi internet access....pretty awesome stuff.  Extra Bonus: if you switch family members onto voip.ms too then you can phone them for free. I have quite a few around the world and most of my long distance has been completely cut out of my bills.  Monthly bills are ~3-5 bucks a month based on usage. I challenge anyone else to beat that!  Edit: just realized Verizon is cell service only -- DOH! Can you tell I'm not from the states? :P Leaving this post here because it could help someone in a better choice for their wired phone service non-the-less. Long distance thing is also a plus for your smart phone ;)
:-) lousy government and their useless safety standards. If it weren't for too much regulation, less fortunate families of 4 could be riding down the pot-hole infested highway right now in recycled cans of spam and rusty needles without useless automotive insurance or emissions regulations.
The actual price is represented on charts and not the change in price as a percentage, because it is the actual price which is used in all other parts of analysis (both technical and fundamental), and it is the actual figure the security is bought and sold at. A change in price has to be relative to a previous price at a previous time, and we can easily work out the change in price over any given time period. I think what you are concerned about is how to compare a certain actual price change in low priced securities to the same actual price change in a higher priced securities.  For example: $1.00 rise in a $2.00 stock representing a 50% increase in price; $1.00 rise in a $10.00 stock representing a 10% increase in price. On a standard chart both of these look the same, as they both show a $1.00 increase in price. So what can we do to show the true representation of the percentage increase in price? It is actually quite simple. You view the chart using a log scale instead of a standard scale (most charting packages should have this option). What may look like a bubble on a standard scale chart, looks like a healthy uptrend on a log scale chart and represents a true picture of the percentage change in price. Example of Standard Price Scale VS LOG Price Scale on a Chart Standard Price Scale  On the standard scale the price seems to have very little movement from Mar09 to Jan12 and then the price seems to zoom up after Jan12 to Mar13. This is because a 4% increase (for example) of $0.50 is only $0.02, whilst a 4% increase of $7.00 $0.28, so the increases seem much bigger at the end of the chart. LOG Price Scale  On the LOG chart however, these price changes seem to be more evenly displayed no matter at what price level the price change has occurred at. This thus give a better representation of how fast or slow the price is rising or falling, or the size of the change in price.
Spend less than you earn. If you have no job (source of income), then you can not possibly stay out of debt as you have to spend money to live and study.
&gt; What government is more likely to default:  &gt; A developed, relatively transparent European government with mature industries and an educated populous.  Honestly sometimes I find this really weird. it would seem to me that an educated populace (like iceland?) would realize how large of a dick is being shoved up their ass and how many decades they'll need to be in slavery to pay back their enormous debts...  &gt; Or a developing, relatively opaque SouthEast Asian government with a large amount of its populous uneducated, living in poverty.  While this type of country would have elites ready to fleece the commoner, push the country into debt for their own profit, and keep the uneducated poverty-stricken peasants slaving away for the benefit of said elites, including continuing to pay down the enormous debts incurred in the process.   But maybe I'm wrong and the market is right.
It seems to me that having a market factor in a risk advantage for a bank that's backed by its own government is not a subsidy. There's no actual transfer of wealth (e.g. from the Dept of the Treasury) to the banks, it's a just benefit of market pricing which is based on the collective opinion of those who make up the bond market.   And if the author of the article is stretching the definition of 'subsidy', presumably they're doing it because they're trying to make a story here, and not because they're reporting an actual financial transaction.
I strongly doubt that being executor will make the assets of the estate vulnerable to a suit against him personally. The estate is it's own separate legal entity with its own TIN. Only creditors against the estate itself can make claims against it and after all creditors are paid, then the balance is distributed in accordance with the terms of the will. Unless he has commingled assets and treated estate assets as his own, the legal separation should be quite strong.  Whether his personal assets are at risk, remember that the opposition will likely overstate their case to try to scare him into settling. If the business was organized as an LLP or LLC, his personal assets should be pretty safe. If it was a sole proprietorship, he has occasion to worry.
"Clearly this is going nowhere. Your calloused view of the world is not going to change.  I hope that you never have to face adversity in your life. I truly do. But if you ever do, I hope that you meet nothing but people with the same attitude as yours towards those lower on the scale, so you can see how wrong your view of the world is. I hope they tell you to pull yourself up by your bootstraps, I hope they tell you to just simply get a better job, I hope they tell you to take responsibility for your own life, I hope they ask if you think that rich people should just give you their money, I hope they tell you that your problems all come from you blaming others. Maybe then you'll understand ""what I'm even arguing""."
The market prices for futures and depository ETFs like GLD and IAU are pretty consistent.  Prices for physical gold at retail can vary dramatically. At a coin store that I was at a few weeks ago, there was a very wide buy/sell spread on commonly available gold coins.
I've been a P2P Lending investor for ~18 months now with Lending Club with no complaints. Money wise, I'm making a 15.6% NAR w/ ~270 notes. I've had a few late payers, and one couple (oddly enough in both are in law enforcement) declare Ch.13 Bankruptcy, but b/c I've invested as little money as possible into each note ($25/note), my diversification helps reduce volatility and risk to capital.  Having tough underwriting standards is very important, but I think it all comes down to loaning only to those you think will pay you back, not someone with a sob story or a long history of defaults. That might sound like a no-brainer, but if you're a bit of a cynic and have really tough screening criteria, it's possible to lower your default rate if you're patient and deploy your money slowly over time. At least, my returns and default rate of zero would imply it's possible so far. I blog about it quite a bit, so if anyone wants to check out my Lending Club investments thus far, please check it out. (Apologies if this is considered spam since I'm a new member of the site, but thought it relevant to the discussion.)
There were a lot of people that didn't vote for him that still supported him (my father lives in an incredibly conservative area and knew the electoral votes there would go to Trump, so why he didn't feel like wasting his time, for example). Polls that aim to deduce national approval have settled around a 30% approval rating (maybe they will go lower), which means, for now at least, he has the support of around 1 in 3 citizens.
so far the only thing that I can think of that would make me want to go with H&R Block is the guarantee that they offer ( for a fee ) that says they will help you if you are ever audited for a tax return that you filed through them,  but I think that is given for both the software and the in person tax preparation.  so I guess if you like to ask lots of questions and get the answers nearly immediately I would go with an in person tax preparation person,  if they can't answer all your questions then that is something else to think about all together.
The drawback is not knowing when prices have reached a level where you are comfortable getting back in.   Someone who got out at S&P 1500 before the crash of '08 was very happy. But did they get back in at 666 or just watch the market come back 3X from that level? The S&P returned 10.46% from Jan '87 till Dec '14. I wonder how many traders got in and out just right to beat that number? Bottom line is that even the pro's acknowledge that timing the market is basically impossible, so why try?
My wife works for one of them, and I don't get the hatred.  Ethics, at least in the company my wife works for, are non-negotiable.  People get fired for the smallest offense.  Are there some bad apples that don't follow the rules?  Maybe.  But in general, the rules are followed to the letter.  As for researchers and average workers getting shafted, that's also hyperbole.  Granted, like all businesses, the higher-ups want more done with less.  But shafted?  Hardly.  Field workers, at least at the station my wife works at, are paid pretty darn well for having little to no education.  Starting wages for field workers are better than Costco's.  Researches are paid well, too.  Far from hating the big company, people are proud of the work they do and the company they work for, and it makes them angry to see people so misinformed about the work they do.   The researchers at these companies go into the field they do to help humanity, similar to the same motivations that drive doctors.  They want to feed the world, but instead of getting praised as saviors of humanity, they are insulted and mocked.
"If you're investing for the long term your best strategy is going to be a buy-and-hold strategy, or even just buying a few index funds in several major asset classes and forgetting about it. Following ""market conditions"" is about as useful to the long term trader as checking the weather in Anchorage, Alaska every day (assuming that you don't live in Anchorage, Alaska). Let me suggest treating yourself to a subscription to The Economist and read it once a week. You'll learn a lot more about investing, economics, and world trends, and you won't be completely in the dark if there are major structural changes in the world (like gigantic housing bubbles) that you might want to know about."
Only reason I can think of is that having a credit card, or several, is handy for buying stuff on-line, or not having to haul around a fat wallet full of cash.    Of course for some of us, getting the cash back and 0% interest periods are nice, too, even if we don't really need the money.  Same as for instance trying to get good mpg when you're driving, even if you could easily afford to fill up a Hummer.  It's a game, really.
Our Business loans at Fullerton India take care of your wide range of financial needs, capital requirements &amp; other industrial expenses that are crucial for the growth of your small or medium level enterprise with instant eApproval &amp; at affordable interest rates.
Most of Scandinavia is doing well.  Though it's a capitalist socialist mix.    Socialism will probably require a post-scarcity economy with robots who can do most manual labor to work.  Because yeah, humans a lazy and greedy and our society still requires a lot of hard work to maintain.
Also it has to taste good and be easy to eat one handed, in the car. And probably not be too weird sounding so people will actually buy it. And also scale massively, so no hard to cultivate crops.   It's not an easy problem to tackle.
For stock splits, let's say stock XYZ closed at 100 on February 5.  Then on February 6, it undergoes a 2-for-1 split and closes the day at 51.  In Yahoo's historical prices for XYZ, you will see that it closed at 51 on Feb 6, but all of the closing prices for the previous days will be divided by 2.  So for Feb 5, it will say the closing price was 50 instead of 100. For dividends, let's say stock ABC closed at 200 on December 18.  Then on December 19, the stock increases in price by $2 but it pays out a $1 dividend.  In Yahoo's historical prices for XYZ, you will see that it closed at 200 on Dec 18 and 201 on Dec 19.  Yahoo adjusts the closing price for Dec 19 to factor in the dividend.
"The following is based on my Experian credit scoring feedback and experience here in the UK over many years.  (And for further information I currently hold a credit score of 999, the highest possible, with 6 credit cards.)  Now I'm assuming that while there may be some differences in particulars in your case due to the difference in locality nevertheless the below should hopefully provide some broad guidelines and reasonable conclusion in your situation: Having a large number of active credit accounts may be seen as a negative.  However having a large number of settled accounts should on the contrary have a positive effect on your score.  As you keep your accounts mostly settled, I think having another card will not be to your detriment and should in time be beneficial. A large total credit balance outstanding may count against you.  (But see the next point.)   Having your total outstanding debt on all credit accounts be a smaller proportion of your total available credit, counts in your favour.  This means having more cards for the same amount of credit in use, is net-net in your favour.  It also has the effect of making even larger outstanding credit balances (as in point 2) to be a lower percentage of your total available credit, and consequently will indicate lower risk to lenders.   It appears from my experience the higher the highest credit limit on a single card you are issued (and are managing responsibly e.g. either paid off or used responsibly) the better. Needless to say, any late payments count against you.  The best thing to do then is to set up a direct debit for the minimum amount to be paid like clockwork every month.  Lenders really like consistent payers. :) New credit accounts initially will count against you for a while.  But as the accounts age and are managed responsibly or settled they will eventually count in your favour and increase your score. Making many credit applications in a short space of time may count against you as you may be seen to be credit reliant.  Conclusion: On balance I would say get the other card.  Your credit score might be slightly lower for a couple of months but eventually it will be to your benefit as per the above.    Having another card also means more flexibility and more more options if you do end up with a credit balance that you want to finance and pay off over a period as cheaply as possible.   In the UK the credit card companies are falling over themselves trying to offer one ""interest free"" or 0% ""balance transfer"" offers.  Of course they're not truly 0% since you typically have to pay a ""transfer fee"" of a couple of percent. Still, this can be quite cheap credit, much much cheaper than the headline APR rates actually associated with the cards.  The catch is that any additional spending on such cards are paid off first (and attract interest at the normal rate until paid off).  Usually also if you miss a payment the interest rate reverts to the normal rate.  But these pitfalls are easily avoided (pay by direct debit and don't use card you've got a special deal on for day to day expenses.) So, having more cards available is then very useful because you then have choice.  You can roll expensive debts to the cheapest lender at your disposal for as long as they'll offer, and then simply not use that card for any purchases (while paying off the balance as cheaply as possible), meanwhile using another card for day to day expenses."
Similarly to buying property on your own, REITs cannot get to good returns without leveraging. If you buy an investment property 100% cash only - chances are that 10% ROI is a very very optimistic scenario. If you use leveraging (i.e.: take out a mortgage) - you're susceptible to interest rate changes. REITs invest in properties all around all the time. They invest in mortgages themselves as well (In the US, that's the only security REITs can hold without being disqualified). You can't expect all that to be cash-only, there have to be loans and financing involved. When rates go up - financing costs go up. That brings net income down. Simple math. In the US, there's an additional benefit to investing in REIT vs directly holding real estate: taxes. REITs pay dividends, which have preferential (if qualified) taxation. You'll pay capital gains taxes on the dividends if you hold the fund long enough. If you own a rental property directly, your income after all the expenses is taxed at ordinary rates, which would usually be higher. Also, as you mentioned, you can use them as margin, and they're much much more liquid than holding real estate directly. Not to mention you don't need to deal with tenants or periods where you don't have any, or if local real-estate market tanks (while REITs are usually quite diversified in kinds of real estate they hold and areas). On the other hand, if you own real estate, you can leverage it at lower rates than margin (with HELOCs etc), and it provides some safety net in case of a stock market crash (which REITs are somewhat susceptible to). You can also live in your property, if needed, which is something that's hard to do with REITs....
Oh?  I guess it's different here in Canada.  *googles*.  &gt; Canada has a ”last resort” clause for veterinarians to use antibiotics, and the milk must be withdrawn from supply for 14 days or twice as long as the medication’s withdrawal period, whichever is longer.
Pure fearmongering.  The poison is in the dose.  Finding trace amounts of anything is completely irrelevant and is never a cause for concern.  Until they publish what the actual concentrations are - and which concentrations might be a problem, this is complete non-news.  (The fact that they left out the concentration is rather telling..!)
I'm responsible for all our hedging.  Since we sell the energy to end users we do mostly fixed buys, swaps and calls.  I'm a excel guru and dabble a little in SQL.  we have Crystal Ball as well but i have no idea how to use it.  I guess I'm trying to figure out if there is a tool that people use to help me analyze the spreads. or perhaps some reading material to help me through this. This is what i've been working towards for so long and i really don't want to fuck this up
You'll get a range of answers, but with microLearning, you present a short block of content – less than three minutes – your learner can quickly master and immediately put to use. My 'rules' for each microLearning object are: * Should take a learner 3 minutes or less to master. * Is complete and presents a single learning objective. * Is one in a sequence that progress a learner toward a larger learning objective. * Delivers helpful content that is of value to the learner. * Is easily accessible to learners as part of their daily routine.  Each object should provide: * The content * The context for the content (where it fits in the larger training picture) * Why the content is of value (WIIFM) * A call to action * Guidance for reflective practice  https://learningstream.ie/microlearning-your-time-has-come/
In a nutshell, as long as they (Sparkasse) choose to. I work with banks where it happens the moment I submit the transaction (so the next screen already shows the new totals), and I work with banks that make it take 3 days. In the past, Sparkasse and Raifeissenkassen were especially famous to take a looong time ('Wir nehmen mehr als Geld und Zinsen...' - they supposedly work with the money inbetween, as it is gone from the source account but not arrived in the target account yet); that might have changed (or not). Probably Sparkasse has a statement in their fineprint on how long they make it take. I would expect one business day in today's environment, but I didn't look it up.
Just wanted to say that was a very interesting read, and I agree with most of what you said. I always find it interesting how many people (gods I hate to generalize but it seems apt at this point) seem to assume outright that anyone opposing the Libertarian viewpoint are lazy,poor,unmotivated, drug addicts or stupid. I always find it hard to maintain my composure with those individuals but you have done a smashing job keeping a calm rational demeanor while your adversary maintains his/her descent into childish name calling which is rather disappointing. Because if he could just form a counter argument without them it would be such a more interesting dialog.
It is often the case (more commonly in countries other than the USA) that a fixed-term loan has an early redemption penalty, because the lender themselves will incur a cost for settling the loan early, while a variable-rate loan does not. If this is the situation and you think you might want to pay off the loan early, you should definitely consider the variable rate rather than then fixed rate.
How's it misleading if it's a direct quote? That's quite literally what he said.   And a seven year bubble is not so unusual; bubbles can persist for long periods if there's no obvious catalyst for them to pop/deflate. Calling something a bubble does not equal calling when it will end.
&gt; Are you suggesting when they break a law involving a small portion of their total business they pay fines involving all portions of their business?  Im suggesting if they break the law they go to jail, just like every one else. Im pretty sure what they did is worst than smoking a doobie and yet no one has gone to jail. just some light fines.
- On average, Mac users will select  rooms 20$-30$ more per night than windows users.  - Therefore, **orbitz charges more.**  - Therefore, the user pays more (*for a non substitute*) - i.e. Better rooms cost more.  - Therefore Mac users like better quality.   Seems legit.
The expense ratio is 0.17% so doesnt that mean that for every 10K I   keep in the money market fund I lose $17/year?  Not really. The expense ratio is taken before distributions are paid which applies to all mutual funds. Should I care about this?  In this case not really. If it was a taxable account, then other options may be more tax-efficient that is worth noting. The key with money market funds is that the expense ratio often represents how much money the administrators will take before paying out the rest. So, if your money market fund bought investments that paid .25% then you'd likely see .08% as that is what is left over after the .17% is taken in the dividends. If at the start of the year, the funds NAV is $1, and at the end of   the year, the funds NAV is still $1, I havent lost anything right? Right. Wikipedia has a good article on money market funds. Keep in mind that most money market funds are run as one of a number of funds from a fund family that may have to take a little less profit on the money market funds when rates are low.
I find this pretty sketchy, personally.   From their investor opportunities page:  &gt; Wall Street, Social Medias and Real-estate investments aren’t working for many investors.  Stocks in the beleaguered social media sector keep heading down.  Shares of FaceBook, Angie’s List and Groupon, etc. have plunged as investors continue their retreat from the formerly red-hot sector. In this present day economy investors are looking for the next early stage Apple.  LifeSaver is the answer.  Reads as way too much of a sales pitch to invest. Also, I don't think there is actually any way to invest in the company outlined on that page.  I'm not saying this isn't a good idea for a product, I just would expect a medical device company to have a somewhat more professional website/investor relations page, and i'm slightly surprised to see you post this, especially with this title.
definitely have her get a financial advisor asap and go from there. the majority of that money should be invested and allocated into proper accounts. I know many people bash Wells Fargo around Reddit but I have one through them and he's been great.
&gt;now why would people opposed to meat/blood want the appearance of bleeding?  It helps transition the people who've been eating meat/dairy all their life with something similiar enough.  Also, people generally turn vegan for 3 reasons: health, compassion, and/or environment.  Notice how disgust of meat usually isn't one of the big 3 although for some people it's a factor.
He's not stealing from you, you guys just have seriously broken communication.  &gt; My red flag is he never ever takes a paid vacation. If he does take a paid vacation he plans it out a few weeks in advance.  That's called being a dedicated employee and planning ahead. It's also not uncommon to feel like training an assistant is more work than it's worth. Any number of things could be going through his head.
You sounded like taking a shot at developers being little bitches and moving on minor inconveniences. Where as the execs are grown up, and pull through..  When reality that's not fair to say, the incentives are completely different. So it's expected.
I don't think they have the in-house expertise to source and market  groceries specifically though, or at least not the level of expertise they feel they need to be competitive. Sometimes it's better to just acquire an organization and all its knowledge than to try to learn it all yourself and skin your knee in the process.
"Build your credit history by paying the credit accounts you have on time.  Review these periodically and close the ones you do not need. Ignore your score until it is time to make a large purchase.   Make decisions regarding credit on the basis of whether the debit would be better paid with cash or credit.  Not on credit score. Keep in mind that if your income is invested in your future, your money is working for you.  The income that is paying debt is working for the lenders. Mint is a financial services industry company (Intuit).  You are their product.  Intuit makes money from Mint by placing ads on the site where you visit frequently, and by gathering data about those who subscribe to their service.  They also are paid to refer you to credit card companies to ""build credit."""
If you're not a NY (tax) resident, then as long as you're not physically present in New York - you do not owe NY taxes on compensation for your services. But that is if you're a 1099 contractor/employee. If you're a partner/shareholder in a partnership/LLC/S-Corp registered or conducting business in New York, and that company pays you money - you do owe NY taxes. See this page of the NY revenue agency for more details.
I believe the following formula provides a reasonable approximation. You need to fill in the following variables: The average annual return you need on investing the 15% =  (((MP5 - MP20) * 12) + (.0326 * .95 * PP / Y)) / (PP *.15) Example assuming an interest rate of 4% on a 100K home: If you invest the $15K you'll break even if you make a 9.86% return per year on average. Here's the breakdown per year using these example numbers: Note this does not consider taxes.
I'm not saying an election will bankrupt a company, but you really think there is zero relation between an election outcome and a company's bottom line? When the major issues of the election are the economy and taxes, I'm pretty sure one outcome will be better for business than the other.
A good manager sets up systems, so you hardly have do to direct anything yourself. Manage by exception. Trust,  ask employees how things can be improved(they will have better knowledge of the task) and let them implement it if it's good.  At our place,  we have visual management things on TV screens so everyone knows what's going on,  metrics etc.  People are constantly trying to improve the performance of system without management pushing for it.   Empathy is highly important in management.  You have to feel what they feel.  The last thing you want is disgruntled employees.  Good luck getting people to do things well,  when they think you are a dick.   You can't demand respect... By definition.  You gradually gain it by being good at the job,  and making their jobs feel better.  If you can find out what people's real skills are then design the role around them. Don't force people into strictly defined roles. This is why people get fired. They're in a job that doesn't match their skills. Nothing worse then knowing your shit at a job,  but unable to move to a job you think you are good at.
Millions of Americans are affected by this. Millions of Americans live in debt, through credit cards and other sources that depend on these scumbaggers. Yet, the media picks it up, due to necessity, and drops it faster than a wide receiver with no hands.
If it's a low margin business and you can get value for it that's higher than the leadership values it, and they have some opportunity in a better margin business but for some reason couldn't acquire debt funding or more investors to fund the new business; then it might be feasible, but unusual and probably not ideal.
If you know that you have a reasonable credit history, and you know that your FICO score is in the 690-neighborhood, and the dealer tells you that you have no credit history, then you also know one of two things: Either way, you should walk away from the deal.  If the dealer is willing to lie to you about your credit score, the dealer is also willing to give you a bad deal in other respects. Consider buying a cheaper used car that has been checked out by a mechanic of your choice.  If possible, pay cash; if not, borrow as small an amount as possible from a credit union, bank, or even a very low-interest rate credit card.  (Credit cards force you to pay off the loan quickly, and do not tie up your car title.  I still have not managed to get my credit union loan off of my car title, ten years after I paid it off.)
Well, 1.5 million kids who have never seen a doctor have one now.   The infant mortality rate has dropped 15%. Do you know if we could get even with even Italy's infant mortality rate, we would have something like 16 fewer dead babies every single day?
This is a case where you sit down with an advisor or two. There are legal, and tax issues.  When you deposit the cash, or buy a car with it, the large cash transaction will trigger a notice to the US Government. So they will eventually find out.  Before you get to that point you need to know what obligations and consequences you will be facing. Because you don't know if it was a gift, or found money, or if the owner will be back looking for you to return it; therefore you need expert advice.
Again, I don't have the answers, but it seems to me as though the value of stock in a company should be directly correlated somehow to the real world value - what it holds in assets, the demand for its services or products.    And when you see IPOs of tech stocks with prices exponentially greater than their revenues, or derivatives that when unravelled are nothing but air, or intraday fits and runs that seem to be tied to nothing in particular, then it all starts to look like nothing but manipulation.  Maybe you're right, there's nothing wrong with HFT and a tax on it wouldn't add stability, I can't say.  And if you explained it, I must not have understood.  But I don't think its wrong for people to consider the current (or past) instability undesirable and try to think of solutions.
"The reason ""on-line"" savings accounts (Ally, CapitalOne, American Express, and many others) provide much higher rates than brick-and-mortar banks is because they're not brick-and-mortar. They do not need to pay for a huge amount of real estate, utilities, public-facing employees, inter-office mail, security, etc etc. All that - allows them to pay more for your money. The back office of these banks is the same as that of Chase, BOA or Wells Fargo. Its just that they don't have the enormous expense of having a branch in every neighborhood, while still reaching all the same population of depositors. So no, its not a scam, these are reputable banks. Some have physical offices (for example, I know that CapitalOne has some branches in New York), some don't (IIRC neither Ally nor American Express Federal Saving Bank have physical branches). But they're banks nonetheless, insured as required by FDIC (or NCUA, in case of credit unions), and provide all the same services for less (or all the same savings for more, if you will). IMHO, giving 0.01% APR is a scam. Not the other way around. The old-style banks want your money for free, and you're worried why would someone else treat you better... Well, that's why the US has one of the most retarded financial systems in the Western world..."
Narratively from the POV of the landlord, the hip retailer ABC offered me a 10 year lease at $1000/month for an empty store front on an empty block.  I agreed.  ABC attracted a large youth market, so other stores filled in the rest of the block in the intervening decade, which I leased for 1200, 1500, 2000, and finally 4000 per month since the foot traffic and demographic is so strong. It's now year 9.  Next year, the lease will likely jump up to the comparable 4000 per square foot.  Their margin in this location probably looks great today.  But the purpose of the quote is to warn you to check the future.
The operating margin deals with the ability for a company to make a profit above the costs of running the company and generating sales. While ROE is how much money the company makes relative to the shareholders equity. I'd be willing to bet that if a company has a small ROE then it also has a quite large P/E (price to earnings) ratio. This would be caused by the company's stock being bid up in relation to its earnings and may not necessarily be a bad thing. People expect the high operating margin to help drive increased revenues in the future, and are willing to pay a higher price now for when that day comes.
"My favorite line:   ""Companies should generate enough profits to justify the price that shareholders are willing to pay for its shares. Once shareholders are no longer willing to pay up for those profits, they should invest that money elsewhere.""   This person loses all credibility right here."
Giant, Trek, and Specialized have partner brick and mortar shops that are selling more than just their bikes. They're selling direct to consumer but the hope is that they are going into these shops and buying other cycling accessories that they manufacture i.e. helmets, shoes, cycling kits, etc.  I don't know much about Canyon but my guess is that they are mainly selling bikes and all the other stuff isn't a big component of their business.
Are there any frameworks to deal with the following situation: assume you're invested in an asset which has gained 10x, there is a chance for the asset to gain another 10x (100x in total) and go to zero. The probabilities of the various outcomes are unknown.
But the benefits in EU countries are better. I don't see a reason to go to the US for an employment, especially if there's a clock of 6 years running on it.   I don't know if I can ever explain that to anyone, but moving 8,000 miles to a different continent that feels like a third world country with crazy shootings and shitty healthcare, and than when you finally get used to it and get settled in you get kicked out and besides illegally getting into a greencard marriage you can't stay. they would deport you like a criminal after paying taxes for 6 years.  so yeah, in my personal opinion and pretty much every former H1b holder I know, it's not worth it as long as there's a time limit.
"I mean, in the eyes of investors it is a good investment.  &gt; ""Demand for stock from fund managers exceeded supply by more than 29 times at that price, two people said.""  They also have plantations in Malaysia and Indonesia, along with refining plants in China, Indonesia, Turkey, and South Africa. So it already has a stable foot hold in various economies.   Like I said, it's nice to see a business IPO that offers a tangible product with a relatively cheap IPO along with a chance to see much growth. You don't see many of these around nowadays."
Stock basically implies your ownership in the company. If you own 1% ownership in a company, the value of your stake becomes equal to 1% of the valuation of the entire company. Dividends are basically disbursal of company's profits to its shareholders. By holding stocks of a company, you become eligible to receiving dividends proportional to your ownership in the company. Dividends though are not guaranteed, as the company may incur losses or the management may decide to use the cash for future growth instead of disbursing it to the shareholders. For example, let's say a company called ABC Inc, is listed on NYSE and has a total of 1 million shares issued. Let's say if you purchase 100 stocks of ABC, your ownership in ABC will become Let's say that the share price at the time of purchase was $10 each. Total Investment = Stock Price * Number of Stocks Purchased = $10 * 100 = $1,000 Now, let's say that the company declares a dividend of $1 per share. Then,  Dividend Yield = Dividend/Stock Price = $1/$10 = 10% If one has to draw analogy with other banking products, one can think of stock and dividend as Fixed Deposits (analogous to stock) and the interest earned on the Fixed Deposit (analogous to dividend).
First, you need to see if you actually qualify as a dependent under IRS rules; in short: While there may be exceptions to the cohabitation rule, I am not sure what those could be.  The takeaway is that if your parent is wishing to claim you as a dependent, they must be responsible for supporting the majority of your living expenses (e.g. food and shelter). If this is the case, then the next question is to look at how the impact of the exemptions play out.  In your situation, I would guess that your mother is correct:  your taxable income is likely to be so low that if you do not take an exemption for yourself, you probably would still have zero or minimal tax liability; but if you mother claims you as a dependent, she will be able to take a deduction. In the case of your grants and loans, the loans should not be taxable income since these need to be repaid (presumably, with future earnings).  Federal grants may be taxable--basically, the portion of the grant that is used solely for paying educational expenses toward a specific degree (tuition and books) is non-taxable, but the remainder may be subject to tax. As for tax credits, you would need to see how much you would get and how they would apply to you.  The bottom line is, there are too many variables to say for certain what the best approach would be, so both your and your mother's returns must be prepared under each scenario (you as her dependent, versus you claiming a personal exemption).
What California will prove is that the paying system isn't the cause of the skyrocketing prices. It is the huge amount of demand side subsidization of the health care industry primarily from Medicare and Medicaid. Anyone who believes this will save anything has a short memory of California's record on cost saving legislation.
OptionsXpress includes India in the list of countries where is possible to open an international account to invest in the US Stock Market. They just merged with Charles Schwab and they have a nice online trading platform. Stocks and ETFs are little bit pricey.. Get in touch with them to get more information.
"If you are living near a land-grant university, you might be able to find help from the university's Extension Service.  In many land-grant universities (the land grants were given to universities formed for the purpose of improving ""agricultural and mechanical arts""),  the Extension Services have expanded beyond farm-related services to include horticulture, food and nutrition counseling, consumer finance, money management and budgeting advice etc.  See, for example this site."
You should pay things off every month.  You don't want to be paying 10%-25% interest if you don't have to.  If you regularly use you card, the credit agencies can't tell the difference.  The way it works is that every month, they send the credit agencies your current balance and if you paid the last bill on time.  There is nothing that indicates if this is a standing balance, or if you charged all of it since the last payment. Any business that you legitimately owe a debt to can report that to the credit agencies.  Not all of them do.  This includes utilities, cell phone companies, landlords, etc. If any of them report overdue items it will show up on your credit report, and your credit card company can use that to raise you interest rate. Some cards will automatically raise you credit limit.  They are basically looking to make money fro you.  If you often charge near the limit, and pay the minimum balance each month, they may raise your limit to get you to charge more, and pay more interest.  You can also call them and ask.  They have some internal rules to decide if, based on your history with them and your credit history, if you are a good risk.
I love how this probably won't get many replies because your in the trenches doing it, keep up the hard work. I graduated high school with 1k in savings and dropped out of college to help support my depressed and unemployed mother with some help from my Father.   I am now a married new construction homeowner and we take home enough money to have new cars, save for retirement, and enjoy life with no college degrees. I went from 8 an hour to over 35 now in 4-5 years.  We both had to get off social media because of all our old high school friends who went to college for garbage degrees, never tried to get entry level jobs in their industry while in school or network, and now cry all day about how Bernie sanders didn't win the election and why school should be free so they don't have to pay off debt for a worthless degree as they wait tables. No sympathy
It's still early days, too. Most people have heard of Bitcoin, but not nearly as many of Ethereum, and barely anyone about one of the other four or five runner ups. All of them are growing and building an ecosystem, and starting to replace old ways of doing things.  Very interesting times ahead.
I've never been involved with an HOA, but in organizations that I've been involved in, we had 'building funds', which were a dedicated part of the membership fees devoted to building up money for an event, building maintenance etc. My church when I was a kid had a heat fund in the summertime. Build up a fund, and spread the projects around... that's the affordable way to do things. But you need good governance, otherwise you end up with some yahoo blowing the money on something frivilous when there is a sparsly attended meeting.
Don’t waste time trying to create a video on your own. Why do it when you have expert animation video makers by your side? They are skilled in the art and science of creation, copy, edit, and finalization of the video to give you a refined version of your content.
Okay awesome. Thank you for your answer! I plan on developing it myself that's why I feel like time is not on my side, hence my concern because people can implement the idea a lot faster and easier than I can.  Thanks!
Asshole might be a bit strong.   In the half dozen or so interviews I've seen with him, he's short with people, defensive, and doesn't appear very friendly. He also made a joke about Joe Biden when Biden got choked up over his dead son.  Fuck Joe Biden for a lot of reasons, but not cool on Ackman's part.
Check out r/flipping.  It is in line with your original method of accumulating capital, with more complexity and potential for profit.  Many people quit their jobs and do it about 20 hrs per week with better pay, but more risk.  Amazon and Ebay are your pals.
Could be misunderstanding your context. But ev = equity + debt - cash. So don't think it makes sense for an equity holder to have an individual ev/ebitda different from the company's.   Are you asking in context of valuing equity and debt from an ev/ebitda multiple?
"Interesting article! I feel like it focuses a little heavy on that line in the 10-K though, that doesn't seem terribly uncommon. Seems like the article is trying to do a ""gotcha"" bit with it. I think the story of the disappearing executives is much more interesting without bringing the generic 10-K disclaimers into it at all."
You can only grow your fucking corn in farmville so many days before the thrill wanes I guess.  Seriously, Zynga was an even dumber bubble than Facebook itself. There whole business model is stealing other people's ideas, then getting you to annoy your friends by spamming their walls. This is not a never ending growth strategy.
There are two reasons for incorporating a business in Canada - limiting liability and providing some freedom in structuring your taxes. Since you are asking about taxes, I will restrict myself to that topic. First of all, remember that if you don't make much money, there isn't much tax to save by clever structuring of your affairs. And if you do incorporate, you will pay taxes as a corporation, and pay taxes again on your salary paid from that corporation. It can still be advantageous, because the small business tax rate is less that the higher tax brackets of personal taxes, and you don't have to pay out all of the profit as salary. If you don't incorporate, you still must pay taxes on your net income from the business. (See brian's answer.) Definitely keep track of your income and expenses, even if you don't plan on making money, in case you get audited. If the CRA wants to call your hobby a business, you will need to show that you haven't made any profit. I am just giving you a few bits of advice because this subject is complicated. Too complicated for an answer on this site. If you are still interested, go to your local library and get some books on the subject.
I was fairly serious about Spanish in high school. The front desk person was a mom of a friend and Puerto Rican so she said she was only going to speak Spanish to me. When I asked her the word for tissue she told me it was Kleenex and said she genuinely didn't know another word for it.
"There are two umbrellas in investing: active management and passive management. Passive management is based on the idea ""you can't beat the market."" Passive investors believe in the efficient markets hypothesis: ""the market interprets all information about an asset, so price is equal to underlying value"". Another idea in this field is that there's a minimum risk associated with any given return. You can't increase your expected return without assuming more risk. To see it graphically:   As expected return goes up, so does risk. If we stat with a portfolio of 100 bonds, then remove 30 bonds and add 30 stocks, we'll have a portfolio that's 70% bonds/30% stocks. Turns out that this makes expected return increase and lower risk because of diversification. Markowitz showed that you could reduce the overall portfolio risk by adding a riskier, but uncorrelated, asset! Basically, if your entire portfolio is US stocks, then you'll lose money whenever US stocks fall. But, if you have half US stocks, quarter US bonds, and quarter European stocks, then even if the US market tanks, half your portfolio will be unaffected (theoretically). Adding different types of uncorrelated assets can reduce risk and increase returns.  Let's tie this all together. We should get a variety of stocks to reduce our risk, and we can't beat the market by security selection. Ideally, we ought to buy nearly every stock in the market so that  So what's our solution? Why, the exchange traded fund (ETF) of course! An ETF is basically a bunch of stocks that trade as a single ticker symbol. For example, consider the SPDR S&P 500 (SPY). You can purchase a unit of ""SPY"" and it will move up/down proportional to the S&P 500. This gives us diversification among stocks, to prevent any significant downside while limiting our upside. How do we diversify across asset classes? Luckily, we can purchase ETF's for almost anything: Gold ETF's (commodities), US bond ETF's (domestic bonds), International stock ETFs, Intl. bonds ETFs, etc. So, we can buy ETF's to give us exposure to various asset classes, thus diversifying among asset classes and within each asset class. Determining what % of our portfolio to put in any given asset class is known as asset allocation and some people say up to 90% of portfolio returns can be determined by asset allocation.  That pretty much sums up passive management. The idea is to buy ETFs across asset classes and just leave them. You can readjust your portfolio holdings periodically, but otherwise there is no rapid trading. Now the other umbrella is active management. The unifying idea is that you can generate superior returns by stock selection. Active investors reject the idea of efficient markets.  A classic and time proven strategy is value investing. After the collapse of 07/08, bank stocks greatly fell, but all the other stocks fell with them. Some stocks worth $100 were selling for $50. Value investors quickly snapped up these stocks because they had a margin of safety. Even if the stock didn't go back to 100, it could go up to $80 or $90 eventually, and investors profit. The main ideas in value investing are: have a big margin of safety, look at a company's fundamentals (earnings, book value, etc), and see if it promises adequate return. Coke has tremendous earnings and it's a great company, but it's so large that you're never going to make 20% profits on it annually, because it just can't grow that fast. Another field of active investing is technical analysis. As opposed to the ""fundamental analysis"" of value investing, technical analysis involves looking at charts for patterns, and looking at stock history to determine future paths. Things like resistance points and trend lines also play a role. Technical analysts believe that stocks are just ticker symbols and that you can use guidelines to predict where they're headed.  Another type of active investing is day trading. This basically involves buying and selling stocks every hour or every minute or just at a rapid pace. Day traders don't hold onto investments for very long, and are always trying to predict the market in the short term and take advantage of it. Many individual investors are also day traders.  The other question is, how do you choose a strategy? The short answer is: pick whatever works for you. The long answer is: Day trading and technical analysis is a lot of luck. If there are consistent systems for trading , then people are keeping them secret, because there is no book that you can read and become a consistent trader. High frequency trading (HFT) is an area where people basically mint money, but it s more technology and less actual investing, and would not be categorized as day trading.  Benjamin Graham once said: In the short run, the market is a voting machine but in the long run it is a weighing machine. Value investing will work because there's evidence for it throughout history, but you need a certain temperament for it and most people don't have that. Furthermore, it takes a lot of time to adequately study stocks, and people with day jobs can't devote that kind of time. So there you have it. This is my opinion and by no means definitive, but I hope you have a starting point to continue your study. I included the theory in the beginning because there are too many monkeys on CNBC and the news who just don't understand fundamental economics and finance, and there's no sense in applying a theory until you can understand why it works and when it doesn't."
"See Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK-A) (The Class A shares)  and it will all be clear to you. IMHO, the quote for the B shares is mistaken, it used earning of A shares, but price of B. strange. Excellent question, welcome to SE.  Berkshire Hathaway is a stock that currently trades for nearly US$140,000. This makes it difficult for individual investors to buy or sell these shares. The CEO Warren Buffet chose to reinvest any profits which means no dividends, and never to split the shares, which meant no little liquidity.  There was great pressure on him to find a way to make investing in Berkshire Hathaway more accessible. In June '96, the B shares were issued which represented 1/30 of a share of the Class A stock. As even these ""Baby Berks"" rose in price to pass US$4500 per share, the stock split 50 to 1, and now trade in the US$90's.  So, the current ratio is 1500 to 1. The class B shares have 1/10,000 the voting rights of the A. An A share may be swapped for 1500 B shares on request, but not vice-versa."
"More like sales ""guidelines"". The company asks employees to hit certain upsell goals, i.e. selling as many machines with AppleCare (extended warranty) as possible. No specific dollar amounts per employee, however each store as a whole is ranked against all other stores.   They don't really get rid of people. If you are repeatedly late, you're gone. If you're a no show, you're gone. If you are like me and revealing corporate secrets, you're gone. But they don't really can you for not being a sales beast."
Shop for the quality always! Choose your favorite one football here and get it at your doorstep. No need to go market or any store, no need to be worry to find the unique and Best cheap soccer balls. All famous brands are available here at discounted price. Just choose and order your favorite brand with color option.
A few big players gobbling up 80% of a market is what enables these cartels. A functioning government is there to enforce antitrust laws, but we don't have one. I'm honestly curious - what do you think would happen with these global corporations in the absence of government?
"Typically you can use credit card balance transfers to consolidate some, or all, of your other loan balances in one place.  The interest rate might be lower.  Some prefer to make one payment rather than multiple payments.  There is typically a fee that is imposed by the card that is originating or creating the loan.  This would be the credit card you are transferring the balances.  That fee is typically in the 3% to 5% range.   While tempting and attractive on the surface, this plan typically leads to a worse situation then you are now.   It's a ""tough pill to swallow"", but your problem is that you spend too much money.  Transferring money will not change this problem, it is your behavior that has to change in order to not accumulate more debt.  It has to change further if you want to get rid of the debt in a timely fashion.   You would be far better served to forget about this transfer and get your life into control.  Spend a lot less, earn more.  Pay off the cards you have now and cut them up.  Make a goal to be done in a year and figure out how to earn enough money to make that happen. BTW I am a reformed over-spender that now owes nothing.  Yep my house, cars, and rental property are all paid for.  You can get there too."
"Getting a loan should be hard. Who exactly is ""leaving behind a generation?"" Welcome to free market capitalism. Buy land a build a house if houses are too expensive. The world doesn't owe you anything. Figure it out on your own."
This might be a good reason to check that box saying you want paper reports for those monthly statements. After all, you don't get any cost savings for opting for electronic files. Otherwise you are stuck arguing without documentation that you lost those files proving my account balance in the EM event.
When I worked there we had a '10 Foot Rule', you had to acknowledge any customer within 10 feet of you. This rule was rarely followed as you were usually busy with something else and didn't have time to acknowledge everyone within 10 feet of you at all times. And as someone else already pointed out, they have a 'No Pressure' sales approach. This is a businesses way of telling you that they don't pay their employees on commission. So I couldn't give a crap if you bought that computer at my store or another Best Buy or at the Circuit City across the street (whoops looks like I dated myself.) I didn't see an extra penny if you bought from my store. The only thing they did pressure you to sell was extended warranties, and it was negative pressure, in that if you didn't sell enough of them you were warned and then eventually let go. Couldn't get out of that place fast enough.
"It reminds me of the Efficient Market Hypothesis, except that just states in its weakest form that the current market price accounts for all information embedded in previous market prices. In other words, people buying today at 42 know it was selling for 40 yesterday, and the patterns and such. To say that stock is memoryless strikes me as not quite right -- to the extent that stocks are valued based on earnings, much of what we infer about future earnings relies on past and present earnings. One obvious counterexample to this ""memoryless"" claim is bankruptcy. If a stock files bankruptcy, and there isn't enough money to pay senior debt, your shares are worth 0 in perpetuity."
"Any clearing/ legal experts out there?  Is this possible- and if so, is it that big of a deal? Here are my thoughts:  1. The EU is right to request euros to be cleared on ""home soil"" for sovereignty reasons since 2/3s of euro currency is cleared in London.  2. Moving euro clearing back to the eurozone... would just mirror US regulations.  Whats the big deal?"
"I would not advise buying a home because you think you will make money. (1) Return on Investment If you have $290K, have you asked yourself how much your investment would grow if you invested it in other ways.  At 2% growth re-invested, your money would grow to $307K (or 17K) after 4 years.  $290,000 * 1.02 =   $295,800 * 1.02 =   $301,716 * 1.02 =   $307,750  (2) Homeowner Experience Without the experience of owning your own home, it's hard to know relate to complaints and expectations that your tenants might have.  It's hard to know to anticipate problems and repairs and costs due to home ownership.  Homeowners have many decisions to make regarding upkeep of a home.  The costs are difficult to predict if you have no experience to draw upon. (3) Managing Rental Property: It's a ""job"".  You either take on this responsibility, or you subcontract it to someone else who you pay to manage the property and contracts!  Is this something you are passionate about doing? If you need to travel back to the home, it's clear across country.  It's not close enough to visit."
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [TPG Capital Hires Former Ford Motor CEO](https://np.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/789mzj/tpg_capital_hires_former_ford_motor_ceo/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
I would just take $2000 and multiply by your marginal tax rate, weight that between the 5 other people according to their share of the prize money and ask them to give you that. From your question it seems like you all have a good working relationship, I'm sure the other partners would agree to that. I think it's the simplest solution that is also fair and equitable. Basically, you pay the tax on 2000 and they pay you back for their share of the tax. Much easier than trying to pass it through your tax return for 5 separate people for a minimal amount of $'s. In hindsight, the best way to do it would have been to 1099 the person with the lowest marginal tax rate for the year to minimize the total tax paid on the 2000. Probably only would've been a few dollars difference but still the most efficient way to do it.
Which is a reasonable assumption. If he knows why he outsourced he can make policy based on those reasons.  However, he has yet to give us a reason. We're only assuming he knows of policy that can stop that, yet in reality, it may be inevitable. Some things will always be cheaper from Asia.  So when we he gives us a speech on policy, I'll listen, but as of now, he hasn't given us a way to keep jobs here.
"I think the £35K band applies to the ""dividend income"" not the ""dividend paid to you"", and so you would only actually get £31.5K (90% of £35K) in your pocket before the next tax band kicked in. If your company will only supplying large VAT registered entities, then register for VAT yourself and elect the Flat Rate scheme - depending on your area of business, given that you have no expenses, your company will get an extra 7% - 14% on its income for free. Your clients won't care that you charge them VAT because they'll claim it back. Finally, depending on what your company is for, beware of the dreaded IR35"
Your max contribution to your Roth IRA and your traditional IRA share the same cap, so if you are maxing your Roth IRA you cannot have a traditional one as well. I would put the additional into your 401k or perhaps a 529 if you have any kids.
I won't make any assumptions about the source of the money.  Typically however, this can be an emotional time and the most important thing to do is not act rashly. If this is an amount of money you have never seen before, getting advice from a fee only financial adviser would be my second step.  The first step is to breathe and promise yourself you will NOT make any decisions about this money in the short term.  Better to have $100K in the bank earning nearly zero interest than to spend it in the wrong way. If you have to receive the money before you can meet with an adviser, then just open a new savings account at your bank (or credit union) and put the money in there.  It will be safe and sound. Visit http://www.napfa.org/ and interview at least three advisers. With their guidance, think about what your goals are.  Do you want to invest and grow the money?  Pay off debt?  Own a home or new large purchase?  These are personal decisions, but the adviser might help you think of goals you didn't imagine Create a plan and execute it.
"Those fall under ""doing some research"" but I get what you're saying. I'm most likely in the minority from what the lines look like when I do happen to visit Walmart.   Also, I'm jaded. I've known people who would just return random stuff to Walmart. Hell even stolen shit, since they will take pretty much anything. It's like an unregulated pawn shop.   I have just never found myself in the position that I needed to stand in line to return something there, so I guess the service just isn't for me. I shouldn't have commented at all since my opinion is inconsequential."
Housing in New Zealand is still fairly cheap compared to a lot of European countries, even in Auckland.  The subsurface might be less favorable as well: there are old volcanoes. Ideally you have solid granite to build high.
"We aren't spending $50k on an educated that goes unused anyway.  &gt;retail degree holders that would have had a better chance with a less redundant education.   Which is why we should stop pushing ""college at all costs.""   &gt;There should not be a price tag on an understanding of civics  Where did I say there should be?"
You can also consider getting GICs which offer early redemption - ING has pretty decent ones. Early redemption offers poorer interest than savings account, but if you go the full term the interest rates are better than savings account.
Yes, an overall $500 loss on the stock can be claimed. Since the day trader sold both lots she acquired, the Wash Sale rule has no net impact on her taxes. The Wash Sale rule would come into play if within thirty days of second sale, she purchased the stock a third time. Then she would have to amend her taxes because claiming the $500 loss would no longer be a valid under the Wash Sale rule. It would have to be added to the cost basis of the most recent purchase.
"It depends on when you're setting the goal. 1) When you have finished the year and you are filling out tax forms, your goal is to get as large of a refund as possible. 2) When the year begins afresh and you are earning money and paying taxes, your goal should be roughly to pay exactly the amount of tax owed so that at the end of the year you don't have any refund or tax owed - it's the same as getting your tax refund right away rather than waiting until after you file taxes.  So you want your W4 set up appropriately (assuming you're talking about the US). I think (1) is obvious.  For (2), imagine you start the year with the goal to get the largest possible tax refund at the end.  Well that's simple - fill out the W4 and on line 6 (""Additional amount, if any, you want withheld from each paycheck"") tell them to withhold everything.  Then at the end of the year you'll get a huge refund.  Of course in the meantime, you've made an interest-free loan to the government, and you've probably had to take out a high-interest rate loan from your bank or credit card.  Obviously this is bad. An argument could be made that it would be even better to slightly underpay your taxes (but not enough to owe a penalty).  Ignoring human weakness, this is correct.  If you have the discipline to set that money aside in a safe place, that's okay.  If this would cause you to spend that money (or even save less of your other money), then this is a bad idea.  So I'd really want to highlight some of this depends on your own financial discipline - is it better for you to have the money right away so that you can make good choices with how to use it now, or is it better for you to put the money somewhere out of reach so that you won't spend it on impulse purchases?  (and recognize that there are ways to put it out of reach and earn interest on it rather than spending it - one good choice for you would be a Roth IRA)"
"Wait until confirmed, then eBay will send a notification that you need to ship. PayPal does have a waiting time for when the funds are ""free"" and can be withdrawn, make sure you're not confusing the two: https://www.paypal.com/us/selfhelp/article/Why-is-my-payment-from-a-sale-on-eBay-on-hold-FAQ1377  PayPal does this hold, usually 21 days, for those that are new to selling to ensure buyers are protected. I have had it happen when I sell and after 21 days, PayPal frees up the funds so I can withdraw. It's annoying, but the money is there."
"As @AlexKuhl says, ever? yes, but generally? no. If your 401k is invested in stocks and bonds, the long term return is very likely higher than the interest on a mortgage. Long term return on the stock market is around 7%. Mortgage rates these days are around 4%. Add the tax penalty on top of that and you're almost surely better to keep your money in the 401k. There's also the psychological/budgeting factor. People very often say, ""I'll pull money out of my retirement fund for this important purchase and then put it back later."" And then later comes and there are other expenses and things they want to do and they never put the money back."
"You absolutely, positively can land in jail in the United States of America for an unpaid, NON-governmental debt: ""In 2011, Robin Sanders was driving home when she saw the blue and red lights flashing behind her. She knew she had not fixed her muffler, and believed that was why she was being pulled over. She thought she might get a ticket.Instead, Sanders, who lives in Illinois, was arrested and taken to jail.As she was booked and processed, she learned that she had been jailed because she owed debt — $730 to be precise, related to an unpaid medical bill. Unbeknownst to her, a collection agency had filed a lawsuit against her, and, having never received the notice instructing her to appear, she had missed her date in court."" So, a private company is able to marshal the power of the State to arrest a person for a non-criminal act: being in debt. https://www.themarshallproject.org/2015/02/24/debtors-prisons-then-and-now-faq#.kzmmbtcOZ"
I'm afraid you're not going to get any good news here. The US government infused billions of dollars in capital as part of the bankruptcy deal. The old shares have all been cancelled and the only value they might have to you are as losses to offset other gains. I would definitely contact a tax professional to look at your current and previous returns to create a plan that best takes advantage of an awful situation. It breaks my heart to even think about it.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/anarcho_capitalism] [Where does these people even come from?](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anarcho_Capitalism/comments/6hpq5g/where_does_these_people_even_come_from/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
"I'm not following what's the meaning of ""open a mutual fund"". You don't open a mutual fund, you invest in it. There's a minimum required investment ($2000? Could be, some funds have lower limits, you don't have to go with the Fidelity one necessarily), but in general it has nothing to do with your Roth IRA account. You can invest in mutual funds with any trading account, not just Roth IRA (or any other specific kind). If you invest in ETF's  - you can invest in funds just as well (subject to the minimums set). As to the plan itself - buying and selling ETF's will cost you commission, ~2-3% of your investment. Over several months, you may get positive returns, and may get negative returns, but keep in mind that you start with the 2-3% loss on day 1. Within a short period of time, especially in the current economic climate (which is very unstable - just out of recession, election year, etc etc), I would think that keeping the cash in a savings account would be a better choice. While with ETF you don't have any guarantees other than -3%, then with savings accounts you can at least have a guaranteed return of ~1% APY (i.e.: won't earn much over the course of your internship, but you'll keep your money safe for your long term investment). For the long term - the fluctuations of month to month don't matter much, so investing now for the next 50 years - you shouldn't care about the stock market going 10% in April. So, keep your 1000 in savings account, and if you want to invest 5000 in your Roth IRA - invest it then. Assuming of course that you're completely positive about not needing this money in the next several decades."
No. Like Keshlam said, unless you have a crystal ball there is no sure thing. However based on the things you said in your question, you could be better off doing some back testing. With your findings, you can then set up trades in your favor but again it's not 100%. You may also want to check out quant finance stackexhange.
My first thought is get a Capital One Secured Card. Use it for small things and pay it all off when you get paid. It will build your credit and after six months of solid use your credit limit can go up and you can be eligible for a better non-secured card (not that you need to get one). It's great for starting or rebuilding credit.
The simple answer is absolutely.  With the parameters you quote, if you will pay off the loan in 82 months or less, you will be ahead taking the variable rate. You have put your finger on the important question as well. The higher initial interest is buying insurance against rates rising if you don't pay off the loan within 82 months.  I suspect the contract loan term is much longer than that, because otherwise a variable rate does not make sense.  You need to assess whether the insurance you are buying is worth the premium.  You can look at what the formula for the variable rate would set the rate at today. It is probably somewhat higher than the 3.79%.  That will tell you how much rates have to rise to make the variable rate go above 5.02%. Note that if the loan term is around 160 months (and it could well be 180 months, 15 years) you can afford the interest to rise to about 6.2% for the last half and you will still be dollars ahead.  It could even rise higher if you discount expenses in the future.  You could also hope that if inflation rises to make interest rates rise like that you will get cost of living raises that make this easy to pay.
I would also be getting out of the stock market if I noticed prices starting to fall and a crash possibly on the way. There are some good and quite simple techniques I would use to time the markets over the medium to long term. I have described some of them in the answer to this question of mine: What are some simple techniques used for Timing the Stock Market over the long term? You could use similar techniques in your investing. And in regards to back-testing DCA to Timing The Markets, I have done that too in my answer to the following question: Investing in low cost index fund — does the timing matter? Timing the Markets wins hand down. In regards to back-testing and the concerns Kent Anderson has brought up, when I back-test a trading strategy, if that strategy is successful, I then forward test it over a year or two to confirm the results. As with back-testing you can sometimes curve fit your criteria too much. By forward testing you are confirming that the strategy is robust over different market conditions. One strategy you can take when the market does start to fall is short selling, as mentioned by some already. I am now short selling using CFDs over the short to medium term as one of my more aggressive strategies. I have a longer term strategy where I do not short, but tighten my stop losses when the market starts to tank. Sometimes my positions will keep going up even though the market as a whole is heading down, and I can make an extra 5% to 10% on these positions before I get taken out. The rare position even continues going up during the whole downturn and when the market starts to recover. So I let the market decide when I get out and when I stay in, I leave my emotions out of it. The best thing you can do is have a written trading plan with all your criteria for getting into the market, your criteria for getting out of the market and your position sizing and risk management incorporated in the plan.
The first step is to contact the company you are considering using as an administrator. Ask if they have a loan provision.  For what it's worth, I looked at Schwab, and it seems to indicate they do not offer loans against this type of 401(k). That doesn't mean no one does, just that you may need to look around.
You can do that, you aren't missing anything. It is supposed to be punishment, but as you are moving to a European country your non-penalized income would likely be taxed higher as is. I don't have info on whether you will be taxed a second time by the European country.
&gt;When you debate someone, in a forum or somewhere other than your armchair, I suggest you forget about trying to demand a opposite answer from someone as an answer to a question. Its not only childish, its really quite silly  When you post a statement as fact, you might want a single example to back it up, or at least admit you have none. *You* claimed that no empire purchased its own debt. Please back it up or admit you are wrong.  You said, and I quote: &gt;Show me some other great empire in history that managed to purchase its own debt.  You still have not listed an empire that did not purchase it's own debt.
Yah...so the collapse of the housing market wiped out a generation of wealth in this country. Part of that was consumers signing onto toxic mortgages. The other part were banks willfully mischaracterizing toxic assets. So I get the argument we need less regulation , but your asshole cronies also were a huge part of why so many people lost everything. Now, because of a generational loss of wealth, student loan debt, and stagnant income, our society is forever changed. The gap between the rich and poor isn't sustainable. Now maybe regulation is part of why we haven't built pieces back. However, let's not forget that lies by banks were a big reason we are here. Most people have less than 1000 in savings and many, many people have lost all the equity in their home. Then, hedge funds bought up tons of real estate for dirt cheap and now charges rent. So, for most Americans, rentals and perpetual debt are the norm. So..i get it. We need smart regulation, but this asshat doesn't know what it's like for most of America. His industry keeps the economy going, but also fucked it beyond recognition.
Nothing at the moment.  The last moron did a great deal of damage as he and his economic advisers came up with Zero Interest Rate Policy which amounts to monetary heroin addiction. The out of control equity inflation we see in the stock market is merely a symptom of the monumental destruction quietly and insidiously brought on by the heroin addiction.  Trump is merely the patsy and he knows it.   So he lies to the addicts just like they want him to.
Answer all of their questions honestly and as accurately as you can, but don't stress too much about it.  If you don't know the answer to something, ask the insurance agent what it means; that's what they're there for.  (If you're doing this online, email the support, or the 'live chat' feature many of them have.  Or, don't do it online, if you feel better having an agent in person; nowadays, most of the major insurers are similar on price so it's not a massive savings to skip the agent.) As far as whether it's important to pick a specific insurer - that's really your call.  Read reviews, understanding that folks with bad experiences are more likely to write reviews than the 90% of folks who get no benefit from homeowner's insurance. You need to make the decision as to how important reputation and ease of claims process is versus price. That's why there are multiple insurers, after all - you can decide how important it is to you. It sounds like you would prefer a simpler claims process, so perhaps you should go with someone who is known for an easier claims process (understanding that no insurer is always going to agree with every claimant 100%).
Wesley Crusher &lt;cmdr.wes.crusher@gmail.com&gt; 6:55 PM (2 minutes ago)  to billg, david.gruber, steve, kline, Satya, solidwhiterook  Your failure to respond is an act of war against the federation.  https://www.reddit.com/r/business/comments/6gopwy/100bn_challenge/  Good luck with the DDOS attack I just launched against NickServ.
The name as it indicates is a company which helps companies to find appropriate applicants for the position of executives. Every year there are numerous specifications for executives, in various companies. But the process of choosing becomes more difficult if the company straight tries to search for applicants through a standard marketing method.
"You can't short a stock unless there is someone willing and able to ""lend"" shares to you. And there are several reasons why that might not be the case. First, BSFT is a ""new"" stock, which means that NO ONE has held it very long. It's much easier to short IBM or Exxon Mobil, where there are some long-term holders who would like to earn a little extra money lending you THEIR shares. But if ""everyone"" involved is busy buying or selling the stock, there won't be many people to lend it. That's not manipulation, that's just the market. Another reason may be a large ""short"" interest. That is many OTHERS have shorted it before you. That's dangerous for you, because if some lenders want to pull their shares off the market, they can cause a ""short squeeze"" that will drive the price much higher.  And stock shortages can be orchestrated by the company or large investors to artificially drive the price higher. Unless you have a lot of experience, don't try shorting small cap stocks. Try to gain some experience with large caps like IBM or Exxon Mobil first. Those are stocks that people at least can't ""play games"" with. YOu will win or lose based on the market itself."
"You have to realize that you're trying to have your cake and eat it too.  You want to do things ""unofficially"" by not reporting the accident (to insurance companies and/or police), but you want to do it ""officially"" in that you want to have legal recourse if they try to hit you up for more money.  The only way to have it both ways is to trust the other person. From a financial perspective, ultimately you need to decide if the monetary cost of your raised insurance premiums, etc., outweighs the cost of whatever money the other party in the accident will try to squeeze out of you (factoring in the likelihood that they will do so).  You also would need to factor in the likelihood that, rather than trying to scam you, they'll pursue legal action against you. In short, from a purely monetary perspective, if the legitimate cost of repairs is $700 and the cost to you of doing it by the book via insurance is $2000, you should be willing to be scammed for up to $1300, because you'll still come out ahead.  Of course, there are psychological considerations, like whether someone unscrupulous enough to scam you will stop at $1300.  But those numbers are the baseline for whatever outcome calculations you want to do. On the more qualitative side of things, it is possible they're trying to scam you, but also possible they're just trying to hustle you into doing everything quickly without thinking about it.  They may not be trying to gouge you monetarily, they just want to pressure you so they get their money.  I agree with other answerers here that the ideal way would be for them to send you an actual bill after repairs are complete.  However, you could ask them to send you a written copy of the repair shop estimate, along with a written letter in which they state that they will consider payment of that amount to resolve the issue and won't pursue you further.  The legal strength of that is dubious, but at least you have some documentation that you didn't just try to stiff them.  If they won't give you some form of written documentation, I would read that as a red flag, bite the bullet, and contact your insurance company."
"Gross income is used because there are a lot of variables inherent in the calculation of a ""net income"", including a lot of things under your direct control that you could use to game the system. ""Net Income"", as others have inferred, is a very flexible term. For the average individual, the definition that would most easily come to mind is likely post-deduction, post-tax earnings; ""take-home pay"". It sounds reasonable, too, as the amount you take home each month can be easily demonstrated with your two most recent pay stubs (which you need to bring in anyway to verify gross earnings). However, even that simplistic definition is fraught with possibility. You have the ability to modify your pre-tax deductions, such as for retirement or healthcare, and that in turn affects your taxes and thus your net take-home pay. To assume that you won't do that is foolish for the loan officer. Other definitions of ""net income"", such as, in the case of shopping for a house, ""disposable income plus current rent"", are the result of even longer lists of deductions from gross pay. Many are also dependent on your current home; your electric bill is a function of the size, location and construction of your current home, all of which will change as soon as you move in. Your other bills, such as telecom (TV/phone/internet) are also more or less location-dependent, as even within a single city or metro area, your choice of services and service providers is dictated by the home's physical location. You may have to pay through the nose right now because your current home isn't serviced by anyone's fiber-optic network, while the home you're moving into could be in a hotly-contested area with access to multiple fiber-optic trunks. So, to simplify all this, mortgage companies simply ask for gross income, then apply a metric that makes relatively conservative assumptions about your spending habits to arrive at a final amount. The upside is simplicity, the downside being that two people both making $60,000/yr may have two completely different financial pictures behind that single number."
I think they give away their shit for free (right?)  but if not... 100% true.  definitely going to be everywhere in China immediately... not even a debate.  people here who doubt this don't work in a Chinese company
Have you looked at 529 plan yet? There are tax benefits with it and you can roll over the remaining funds from your first child's account into your second child's, etc. Read this article to get yourself up to speed for this plan. Coverdell Education Savings Account is another plan you can look at. The Wikipedia article talks about the similarities and differences, so I won't repeat here.
Because surprisingly few countries actually do the single payer system (i.e. only the government pays all medical bills). Many of the countries everywhere else have multipayer/multitiered systems that guarantee universal coverage. This is usually a combination of strong protections for preexisting conditions, individual mandates, and subsidies.   The goal is universal coverage, single payer is just a means.
"Mervis Diamond is voted as ""Best Place to Buy a Diamond"" by the readers of WashingtonPost.com. It is not a normal jewelry store. They specializes in diamond engagement rings and wedding bands, diamond studs, and much more. With their roots at diamond mines in South Africa, they maintain strong relationships and import all their own diamonds. Mervis has a reputation you can trust. For any budget, they will get you the biggest and most brilliant diamond possible, and save you some dollars in the process."
"You ask multiple question here.  The 401(k) - move it to an IRA. As others stated,this will lower your costs, and open up a potential I didn't see mentioned, the conversion to a Roth IRA. A year in which your income is lower than average is a great opportunity to convert a bit of the IRA enough to ""top off"" the lower bracket in which you may find yourself.  The company stock? If you never worked for the company would you have bought this stock? Would you buy it now? If not, why keep it?  The loan is the toughest decision. Will you sleep better if it were paid in full? What's the rate? 6% or more, I'd pay it off, under 4%, less likely. I'd invest much of the cash and the $8000 in stock in a Dilip-recommended VFINX, and use the dividends to pay the loan each month."
"Massachusets does no such thing. The 5.25% tax is only on realized gains. ""Unearned"" means ""doesn't tie to your trade/business"", i.e.: is not gained through your personal performance."
what you aim to do is a great idea and it will work in your favor for a number of reasons. First, paying down your loan early will save you lots in interest, no brainer. Second, keeping the account open will improve your credit score by 1) increases the number of installment trade lines you have open, 2)adds to your positive payment history and 3) varies your credit mix. If your paid your car off you will see a DROP in your credit score because now you have one less trade line. To address other issues as far as credit scoring, it does not matter(much) for your score if you have a $1000 car loan or a $100,000 car loan. what matters is whether or not you pay on time, and what your balance is compared to the original loan amount. So the quicker you pay DOWN the loans or mortgages the better. Pay them down, not off! As far how the extra payments will report, one of two things will happen. Either they will report every month paid as agreed (most likely), or they wont report anything for a few years until your next payment is due(unlikely, this wont hurt you but wont help you either). Someone posted they would lower the amount you paid every month on your report and thus lower your score. This is not true. even if they reported you paid $1/ month the scoring calculations do not care. All they care is whether or not you're on time, and in your case you would be months AHEAD of time(even though your report cant reflect this fact either) HOWEVER, if you are applying for a mortgage the lower monthly payment WOULD affect you in the sense that now you qualify for a BIGGER loan because now your debt to income ratio has improved. People will argue to just pay it off and be debt free, however being debt free does NOT help your credit. And being that you own a home and a car you see the benefits of good credit. You can have a million dollars in the bank but you will be denied a loan if you have NO or bad credit.  Nothing wrong with living on cash, I've done it for years, but good luck trying to rent a car, or getting the best insurance rates, and ANYTHING in life with poor credit. Yeah it sucks but you have to play the game. I would not pay down do $1 though because like someone else said they may just close the account. Pay it down to 10 or 20 percent and you will see the most impact on your credit and invest the rest of your cash elsewhere.
There's a primer on valuing community banks by oddball Stocks, an investor who specializes in that kind of stuff. I can't link it cause I'm on my phone, but just search it up on Google and I'm sure you'll find it.
"India allows partial convertibility of Rupee on account of ""Capital"". India is moving toward full convertibility in few years. An India can repatriate funds out of India to a limit of 50,000 USD per year [Needs confirmation] ... Consult a professional CA to advice you better."
I'm aware of how credit cards work, in fact I basically said the same thing in my original comment.  &gt;because you get this nifty smartphone pluggable credit card swiper, you end up paying more than the alternate options. Granted I am in no way knowledgeable of the alternates (as in, mobile credit card machines?), but I assume they aren't as easy to set up.  -Square costs more -Other options aren't easy  I guess my inquiry should be more targeted towards how regular credit card transactions are processed in the mobile space.  Honestly I have no idea, and I assume that's why Square is popular.  I still see some places at the farmers market with the carbon copy slider thing, but then I also see some rocking what seems to be a regular credit card swiping gizmo.  Making 0% on a nonsale vs 90% on a square sale obviously makes sense, but I'm wondering if there's a less convenient, although more profitable sale (regular 97% Visa/MC) that people simply aren't aware of.
Supplier of Ramming mass in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-ramming-mass-in-india.php Shri Vinayak-Quality of Acidic Ramming mass is directly related to the heating performance of the furnaces. It gives furnaces the perfect lining and the quality of Silica Ramming mass if responsible for the smooth and flawless working of furnaces. It enhances the workability of the furnace and one can find more efficient output from furnace. Better quality of lining results in the smooth working of furnaces.
It's done by Opening Auction (http://www.advfn.com/Help/the-opening-auction-68.html): The Opening Auction Between 07.50 and   a random time between 08.00 and   08.00.30, there will be called an auction period during which time,   limit and market orders are entered   and deleted on the order book. No   order execution takes place during   this period so it is possible that the   order book will become crossed. This   means that some buy and sell orders   may be at the same price and some buy   orders may be at higher prices than   some sell orders. At the end of the random start period,   the order book is frozen temporarily   and an order matching algorithm is   run. This calculates the price at   which the maximum volume of shares in   each security can be traded. All   orders that can be executed at this   price will be filled automatically,   subject to price and priorities. No   additional orders can be added or   deleted until the auction matching   process has been completed. The opening price for each stock will   be either a 'UT' price or, in the   event that there are no transactions   resulting form the auction, then the   first 'AT' trade will be used.
&gt; corporate strategy vs. corporate finance vs business development?  Broadly speaking there are different functional roles (regardless of title) that are involved in:  - Financial Planning and Analysis (FPA).  Forecasting, variance analysis (demand, supply etc.), pricing strategy, etc.  Depending on your skill set, they can be viewed as basic excel work or more complex optimization problems.  - Strategic planning, M&amp;A.  Build or buy analysis.  Market analysis, etc.  This area is more on the capital allocation side in terms of whether or not a company should buy a competitor or build their own product line/service in a given area, geography, etc.  Investment banking backgrounds are helpful here.  - Communication.  There is a side of the business involved in presenting the company's business strategy to outside parties whether that be creditors or investors (stock holders).  The 'marcom / IR' (marketing communications, investor relations) side of the business involves presenting the company's strategy, forecast and results to outside parties.  This could also include the board of directors or senior management.  If you have a strong quantitative background at the engineering level, your ability to take differential equations and translate that to forecasting/econometric time series won't be difficult.  But for a lot of people that will be overkill and they only want basic Excel skills and understanding of finance/accounting.
Your calc is spot on, the output is small because it's just 5 days worth of interest, and at today's low rates that's practically 0. Also the rate you would want to use is money market rates as that's typically where companies will park cash to earn interest since its a highly liquid market.
Just out of curiosity, what if one of those CEOs told Warren Buffett to 'stick it' could Warren Buffett have them removed or would the CEO's board of directors or whatever mechanism the company has only have that right (I mean, not removal for cause, which I am sure is built in but for purely personal reasons)? Just wondering how autonomous some of these companies are because it seems like a handful of corporations own most of the others.
"Can't agree there.  He drives a modest car (Cadillac) that is a few years old, lives in a decent but not huge or fancy house, and really doesn't spend much on ""indulgences"".  To him, money seems to be more about the process of making it through business, than actually having or spending it."
I guess when the world finds out your missile shield is little more effective than a sanitary napkin . .the tone changes . .damn  It seems obvious now that ISIS/ISIL or what ever they call them now days are funded and supported by the Israelis and Americans.   I think the giveaway was that the hardcore Islamic fundamentalist terrorists bent upon the destruction of Israel  could not find Israel from Syria.
When I ran a gas station, our price was largely set by our neighbors-- the other gas stations in the area. We couldn't go below the current cost of replacement gas, but other than that we wanted to be at .05 over the average. (We got away with charging more because we were the last station on a major road.) Everybody else did the same thing. Also, we only set prices once a day, early in the morning before the commuter rush. Changing prices while somebody is pumping gas Was Not Done, for fairly obvious reasons. So, you'd get these ripples of price-changing, as one station changed its price, and then all its neighbors would react to that the next day, and then THEIR neighbors would change the day after that, and so on.
"In the United States tax law, a group of people who are neither an individual nor an incorporated entity is called ""partnership"".  Here's the IRS page on partnerships. Income derived by such a ""meetup.com"" group is essentially a partnership income with the group members being the partners. However, as you can see from the questions in the comments, the situation can become significantly more complex if this partnership is not managed properly."
Well, one can easily have rates below -100%.  Suppose I start with $100, and end up with $9 after a year. What was my rate of return? It could be -91%, -181%, -218%, or -241%, or something else, depending on the compounding method.  We always have that the final amount equals the initial amount times a growth factor G, and we can express this using a rate r and a day count fraction T. In this case, we have T = 1, and B(T) = B(0) * 0.09, so: So, depending on how we compound, we have a rate of return of -91%, -181%, -218%, or -241%. This nicely illustrates that:
I don't understand why youre being downvoted. I thought the same thing, there is no way he can predict how the economy will behave in the coming years and if he wants to go on past performance there has been a general uptrend since 2009. (http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2012/jun/01/scorecard-economy-obama/)
If you have good credit, you already know the rate -- the bank has it posted in the window. If you don't have good credit, tell the loan officer your score. Don't have them run your credit until you know that you're interested in that bank. Running an application or prequal kicks off the sales process, which gets very annoying very quickly if you are dealing with multiple banks. A few pointers: You're looking for a plain vanilla 30 year loan, so avoid mortgage brokers -- they are just another middleman who is tacking on a cost. Brokers are great when you need more exotic loans. Always, always stay away from mortgage brokers (or inspectors or especially lawyers) recommended by realtors.
An article linked from cnn.com has some great advice, which I think are good rules of thumb. Also, at least my insurance gives a premium price for those who haven't filed a claim in 5 or more years for homeowners or rental insurance. See if you have a similar discount, will loose it, and guess how much that will cost you over 5 years. My rule of thumb: Your premium might go up quite a bit, possibly as much as triple, especially for a large claim. But, it is certainly worth it if you are going to get more than triple your premium through your claim. The worst case: Mortgage mandated insurance, which will be about triple your current cost.
You may simply be asking why stocks 'gap up' or 'gap down' when the stock market opens. This is because the price adjusts to news that occurred while the exchanges were closed overnight. Perhaps Asian stocks crashed, or perhaps a news story was released in the New York Times about some major company. There are thousands of factors that affect market sentiment, and the big gaps that happen at the open of every trading day is the price of the stocks catching up to those factors.
I would be inclined to back the 'tip jar' weblink idea, this is very prolific within the Twitch community, as a method of tipping and thereby supporting content creators. I know that there are numerous tutorials on how to set up 'tip' sites for such usage, so that may point you in the right direction. Also you could turn to crowd-funding opportunities, such as Kickstarter and others, however I am not sure on the ruling of these companies and whether you have to offer the completed project as a reward for backers (it tends to be the done thing). And depending on how serious your friends are in helping you as a fledgeling indie developer, you could investigate in setting yourself up as a limited business. This would allow your supporters to purchase shares in your business, turning them into true stakeholders, but whilst retaining the limited status of the company. However, I must stress, on this point I know very little and may be wrong (I am actually hoping someone else contradicts this so I can learn).
The Nikkei 225 is a price-weight index composed of 225 of the leading companies that trade on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.Most good binary options platforms provide their customers with the opportunity to trade options that are linked to the Nikkei 225. Traders who are interested in trading such options should carefully consider the nature of the Japanese stock market by studying how it is affected by – and has an effect on – the US economy and the US markets.
I mean that's if it correlates. Placing it in the title does imply that I guess.  As for the daily swings, like any stock, [SBUX has a strong correlation to the market](http://i.imgur.com/Ksl5vF3.png). The market is up today, Starbucks isn't.   Why would it be down today than? Just totally arbitrary daily swing up and down reasons?  I don't see the stock going down because of the NYT article that was produced yesterday, I see it down today because of the scheduling changes they made today. I could be wrong surely investors believe that there is a correlation between scheduling software and margins at the end of the day.
That's really high for short term debt. Do some research, short term is lower risk generally so rates are low. I'm not gonna waste my time but it would have to be real junk to pay close to that high.
You don't. Say you deposited $5000. Then you converted $4950 to Roth. You declare $4950 as the amount converted and you're done.
What the BBB label tells me as a consumer is the company will be willing to work with me if there is a dispute.  The rating then tells me how good they are at resolving complaints.  Raw number of complaints is less important, because you kind of expect bigger companies to have more complaints.
Isn't this really the same as the adoption curve for any new personal technology, though? It starts off being the sole province of a handful of fairly-well-off nerds who don't mind wasting their time on something that may end up being a technological dead end, then becomes a high-end rich person's thing once it's proven useful or enjoyable, then as the market expands, it gets cheap enough to benefit everyone.  Think of it from the point of view of the people or companies producing the enhancements. Production will get cheaper over time (possibly going close to zero if the enhancements are stuff like retroviruses) and there's usually way more money to be made in high-volume sales than in boutique products if the costs of production are low.  I think the history of technology over the past century says it's pretty likely these kinds of enhancements will go down in price enough to be affordable by millions before the kinds of social problems you're talking about have time to emerge. Rich people and enhancement hackers will always be at the far end of the curve, but they won't be alone on the curve, and anyway, _someone_ has to be trying out the new stuff before it's ready for mass consumption.
I would try to avoid mixing business expenditure with personal expenditure so a second credit card might be a good idea. That said, I did get a business credit card for my company in the UK as I didn't want to be personally liable for the money that was spent on the business card (even though I owned 100% of the business) in case things went horribly wrong. As I didn't fancy signing a personal guarantee, this meant that the limit was quite low but it was good enough in most cases.
They just let you borrow a little more every months. When the owner dies/sells they get all their money + % back.
Engines also need the right attention to work healthily. Every now and then, they as for checkups and to keep them in good running condition, it is necessary to give them some regular maintenance. Keep these tips in your mind to let your engine run better and last longer, at the same time save you from spending unnecessary money later.
"First, you don't state where you are and this is a rather global site.  There are people from Canada, US, and many other countries here so ""mutual funds"" that mean one thing to you may be a bit different for someone in a foreign country for one point.  Thanks for stating that point in a tag. Second, mutual funds are merely a type of investment vehicle, there is something to be said for what is in the fund which could be an investment company, trust or a few other possibilities.  Within North America there are money market mutual funds, bond mutual funds, stock mutual funds, mutual funds of other mutual funds and funds that are a combination of any and all of the former choices.  Thus, something like a money market mutual fund would be low risk but quite likely low return as well.  Short-term bond funds would bring up the risk a tick though this depends on how you handle the volatility of the fund's NAV changing.  There is also something to be said for open-end, ETF and closed-end funds that are a few types to consider as well. Third, taxes are something not even mentioned here which could impact which kinds of funds make sense as some funds may invest in instruments with favorable tax-treatment. Aside from funds, I'd look at CDs and Treasuries would be my suggestion.  With a rather short time frame, stocks could be quite dangerous to my mind. I'd only suggest stocks if you are investing for at least 5 years.  In 2 years there is a lot that can happen with stocks where if you look at history there was a record of stocks going down about 1 in every 4 years on average.  Something to consider is what kind of downside would you accept here?  Are you OK if what you save gets cut in half?  This is what can happen with some growth funds in the short-term which is what a 2 year time horizon looks like.  If you do with a stock mutual fund, it would be a gamble to my mind.  Don't forget that if the fund goes down 10% and then comes up 10%, you're still down 1% since the down will take more."
Context: assessed project as part of a tech internship in an investment bank, working in small groups, task: to design an app using a financial solution that has an ethical impact.  We came up with (what I hope) is the smart sounding idea of an app for impoverished farmers in developing countries who lack the information and market access that larger or unionised farmers would have. The app would use some kind of decision tree (which may grow with machine learning) to assess the best kind of crops to grow given the region and local conditions for max profitability, and would provide access to some kind of derivatives market, and insurance, allowing the farmers a consistent income.  Struggling with the specifics of how the business/finance side of things would work. Let's assume the bank builds the app and puts it on the app-store as part of some charitable initiative. 1) Would the farmers go directly to the bank to price and purchase derivatives on their crops? 2) Options/futures/forwards - which is most appropriate, or would it make sense to offer all three? 3) Is there any way this could be adjusted to provide regular payments, with a lump sum at the end? Would this be something the bank chooses to do, or is there an existing financial instrument for this kind of setup? 4) How does this tie in with the commodities markets (or is that what the derivatives already are?) 5) Probably a long-shot but any chance of know-your-customer implementations for countries with terrible infrastructure?  6) (probably a dumb question) Say the farmer sells an option on his crops, would this be sold directly to the bank or a 3rd party who'd be more interested in actually buying the crop? Or is this a far too simplistic view? Basically who would the farmer actually deliver the crops to? 7) Any other issues/oversights? Any ideas to make this sound somewhat viable?  It doesn't have to strictly be realistic in any sense, but it also can't be flat-out incorrect!  tyvm in advance, edited to make questions clearer
Yeah this is what I don't understand. All these business mags are so hyped about this developing market but as it stands the only one in use is my stepdad's and all he does is use it to ask the weather and crack jokes to show it off to people.
We broke up all those guys. And if you look at the numbers they are in many ways. They paid a largest percent of profits to their workers than most companies do today if you take away the money spent on the CEO and top talent. The average person makes less because corporate thought has deemed employees pay the same as every other business expense when in the past they were considered differently.
"Two things.  1.  You can sue anyone for anything.  You may not win, but you can sue for any reason.  2.  You're confusing trademark and copyright.  Copyright inheres at the moment of creation.  You don't have to file a copyright to have it be enforceable.  Trademark is a little trickier, but is for the protection of the consumer and use of a mark is part of what creates its value and the ability to defend it.  However, you cannot copyright nor trademark ideas.  Copyrights must be ""reduced to practice.""  Broadly speaking, that means you have to have done something to create it, not just think about it.  And trademark doesn't apply here.    He could file for a patent, but that would need to have a specific filing and often takes a fairly significant amount of time in which case it's defensible even when some guy copies you.  In short, guy is a moron."
Within the U.K., Third Party Resellers establish warehouses in the UK, but orders are placed overseas, and Amazon is not required to collect Value Added Tax on behalf of allegedly foreign owned resellers which rely on Amazon to sell items.  Amazon also evades the payment of tax by routing all sales through Luxembourg which, thanks to Jean Claude Juncker of the EU when Prime Minister of Luxembourg negotiated a generous tax sweetheart deal for multi national corporations (incl Amazon) to establish their base in Luxembourg.
Doesn't make any sense, it's just an article for the author to feel like he's a superior strategist to Kohl's leadership &amp; primarily rant about how crappy Amazon treats its 'partners'.    However if we accept the examples as fully true, none are relevant.  Kohl's isn't at all making itself dependent on Amazon, they're not giving up their control of their e-commerce site, or giving up any control for that matter.  So please tell me how his history lessons apply.    Unclear of the strategic initiatives? Really?  I don't need an MBA to realize, ignoring AWS is probably compensating Kohl's for the moment, that there's plenty.  One, it brings in more foot traffic to the store, some of which may have never stepped into a Kohl's in favor of their usual department store that competes with Kohls.    Two, it has the potential to increase repeat visits from their existing customers who may need to return a package and hey kohl's takes that too, might as well take a glance while I'm there.    Three, it increases their product assortment in Kohl's stores without incurring all the operational/logistic costs of adding new product lines.  That's called free money off the margins.    These are the kinds of deals that should be lauded; mutually beneficial partnerships between businesses that end up adding more value to the customer.  Amazon gets to increase the customer experience by starting to address one of the biggest pains with e-commerce in general: the burdensome process to return something you order online.    It's a great idea, and I'm sure they'll partner with other big retailers as well.  That doesn't hurt Kohl's, at worst as it expands, the positive impact won't be as great because customers will have more options.   no harm done.    It's also naive to think Kohl's isn't getting compensated whether it's a marginal thing or some fixed contractual amount Amazon pays to Kohl's or at the minimum, covering all of the involved logistic costs Kohl's incurs to do this.    Ugh, I just hate blowhards who want to pour gasoline on anything that irritates them from preconceived biases.
"My wife and I use to file ""married file separately"".  I consulted a tax accountant and it does not matter who's name the accounts are under.  The interest from the accounts can be counted as income on either person's tax return regardless of whose name is on the account.  You can even split the interest income between the returns if that is advantageous.  This is true for any income earned between the two of you. It use to be a big hassle to file this way even using the software programs.  The programs would not attempt to allocate the income between the tax returns in order to minimize my tax liability.  I had to do this manually.  Most of the loopholes have been closed and the last couple of years I've filed ""married filed jointly"". I'm not sure how your wife's citizenship status affects any of this."
"Anything by Frank Fabozzi - the de facto authority on financial education.  Most of the stuff will be textbook ($$$) so get ready for sticker shock.  Hopefully you can find a used copy of something.  Quick search on Amazon yielded ""The Basics of Finance"" for about $150."
The best approach depends on how much of an emergency fund you have. If you have no emergency fund Calculate how much you need in order to pay your expenses for 1 month and put at least that amount in a savings account.  3-6 months' worth of expenses is better.  Put the remainder towards one credit card. If you have less than 3 months' worth of expenses in your emergency fund Deposit 1 additional month's worth of expenses into your savings account and apply the rest to one card. If you have an emergency fund that you're completely comfortable with Pay $8000 towards one card and $2000 towards the other one.  Paying off one card fully gets rid of a bill that you have to think about each month, even if the two cards are otherwise identical.
Specifically, many people found out they lost their job because their pass would to open the gate to get in to their office building. These people were then diverted to a separate queue, and at the front of that was someone from HR telling them that they were no longer needed.
You can try SplashMoney. It works on many platforms, including iPhone, iPod and Mac, but also Palm OS, Android, Blackberry and windows. I've been using it —since more than two years now— with my old Palm OS PDA and it works great. As I work mainly with Linux, I've tested very few times its synchronization with its desktop companion running on windows.
"Someone has made such an app.  It's called Arcade City.  See https://arcade.city/    There are a few other similar projects in the cryptocurrency world, that connect buyers and sellers directly in a ""gig economy"" marketplace and allow payment in crypto.  User ratings and reviews are central to the model."
Fx Pip partnership Limited is a reliable trading signal and consultancy provider with many years of experience and significant success in the field of investments. All the members of the team, utilizing in the best way their scientific background and their excellent professionalism, achieve the best results. The Fx Pip Signal which has at its disposal its Research and Development department, has an aim to offer the international community of traders, the most reliable solution to the most difficult daily questions, such as: which product do we buy and which do we sell, at what price do we enter the market and at what price do we exit? The employees have a long term experience in the international foreign exchange industry, which gives them the edge of competitiveness and professionalism. We guarantee independency at the selection of online trading options. The only obligation of fxpipsignal.com is to you, our customer. An ongoing training of our employee(s) is a priority, to have good knowledge and to meet your needs.  Fx Pip Signal provides signals of major currency pairs as EUR/USD, GBP/USD, USD/JPY  USD/CHF. It provides signals which suits almost all the market around the world.It has four packages named Trial, Standard, Premium, Premium Plus. It has well organised support team to provide 24/7 live support and forex consultancy to gain meaningful profit. It believes in transperancy , relaibility and accuracy. All the signals are provided in a flexible way so that the subscribers can easily execute them and their desire profit. Fx Pip Signal is available in almost all the countries of the world. It provides signals via sms, email and updated in the website.
On a more serious note, I thought the major sub-reddits had a delay between the new page and the front page, to give the Knights of New some time to act.  Looks like that setting got knocked offline yesterday... (eg. can someone go fix it please?)
I was once the personal assistant to two wealthy NYC sisters. They did not pay for anything. For example, if we were riding the subway, I would pay, and be reimbursed by the Company. They had multiple residences and investment properties. Each property was purchased through a separate Limited Liablity Corporation, and paid for by the Company. When they purchased, donated or sold art, it was through their family Foundation. Their income primarily came from a draw of funds from the family estate, although one of them worked as an architect, which provided further income.
Assuming neither one charges a fee and you are talking about automated non-cash, non-check transactions: Withdrawal is slightly better if you are 100% sure you have the money (or better yet, twice the money) to cover it.  It puts more incentive on the bank that is responsible for the act to do it correctly, because they will then be the bank holding the money.  It also creates an added check because there is no possibility of having an error in transfer information result in sending your money to the wrong account.  (This is unlikely anyway, but not impossible depending on the bank and interface). Deposit may be slightly better if you are not, or if you are concerned about technical foul-ups at the bank.  Depending on the bank, a deposit with insufficient funds may be cancelled rather than going through and then being cancelled, which could result in various banking fees (returned item fees, overdraft fees, etc...).   If there is a technical foul-up during a withdrawal, you run the risk of having banks get confused--I know of a case where it took a major bank months to fix a withdrawal transaction that was denied the second time when they activated it twice, but the account balance mistakenly showed an extra thousand dollars for the duration.
"No what he is saying is, ""If Obama wins, you will lose your job, so it is in your best interest to vote against Obama."" I hope his employees call his bluff and vote for who they feel will do the best for them, not be bullied into voting against the candidate their CEO is against.  To justify mass layoffs requires actual decreases in the companies revenue and their bottom line, not a decrease in the number of yachts the ceo could possibly buy."
What if patents were kept a secret for, say, the first year or more? Then, if anyone was able to duplicate the patent once seen in the wild without the recipe within that timeframe the patent becomes void.  The whole purpose of the patent system was to bring difficult ideas out of being trade secrets and into the public's hands for their benefit with the offer of exclusivity for some time to keep the exchange fair.  If anyone can duplicate one-click without any hand-holding just by using Amazon.com once or twice, there was nothing to be gained from the patent in the first place. It should have remained a trade secret.
Thank you Randomness\_incarnate for voting on I\_am\_a\_haiku\_bot.    This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).     ***    ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
you don't have move across the country. just to the nearest city. that's bull tho. anyone can make it happen if they try. and if not, too bad. some people in africa are born sick and die on a rock with a bear eating them.
The care itself is among the best, but the accessibility is poor compared to other similar countries, which is taken into consideration in all these studies and analyses. It seems to be hard to have both,  but we should try to get as close as possible to it.
North Star Direct provides great outsourcing call centre services. We help to save your productive resources, business operating cost and valuable time. By working with us many small scale businesses have been transformed into giant empires.
"I pretty much only use my checking. What's the downside? Checking accounts don't pay as much interest as savings account. Oh, but wait, interest rates have been zero for nearly 10 years. So there is very little benefit to keeping money in my savings account. In fact, I had two savings accounts, and Well Fargo closed one of them because I hadn't used it in years. Downsides of savings accounts: You are limited to 5 transfers per month into or out of them. No such limit with checking. Upsides of savings accounts: Well, maybe you will be less likely to spend the money. Why don't you just have your pay go into your checking and then just transfer ""extra money"" out of it, rather than the reverse? If you want to put money ""away"" so that you save it, assuming you're in the U.S.A., open a traditional IRA. Max deposit of $5500/year, and it reduces your taxable income. It's not a bad idea to have a separate account that you don't touch except for in an emergency. But, for me, the direction of flow is from work, to checking, to savings."
You know they take liberties to prove their points.  For example, the Federal budget year runs from september to October.  When Obama was elected, they use this to move the $800 billion stimulus under Bush because it was still Bush's fiscal year. However, Bush' $600 billionTARP program was repaid by the banks two years later.  The repayment was put under Obama.  The result was to move $1.4 trillion in obama spending to Bush.    Most of this economic improvement is because of the Fed.  Democratic presidents don't do anything except inhibit the economy from growth.    Obama has followed this trend.  We should be doing 23 times better than the 2008-2009 recession by now, but we are at only 11 times.  Obama thinks helping the environment with higher energy prices and converting 1/6 the of the economy to government healthcare are more important to economic growth.
Your reaction to bad news is the greatest risk. Are you going to panic and pull all your money out when the market falls 20%? It will. Someday it will. The question is, will you have the stomach to stay the course and keep your money invested when the sky is falling and everyone is screaming that things are definitely going to get worse? If not, the timing of when you invest will matter not at all. My advice: Go all in ASAP. Remember that you don't care where the market is in 2 years. You're in your mid 40's, you care where the market is in 20 years. And 20 years from now, when you're in your mid 60's, you'll be caring about where the market is even further into the future.
The vast majority of individual taxpayers in the United States operate on a cash basis of accounting. This means that the assignment of deductions or income to tax year is based on the date of the paycheck.  So the money in that early January 2016 paycheck has been correctly assigned to the 2016 tax year. This is unfortunate for you because you will receive a W-2 for 2016 showing that you had a retirement account. Knowing exactly how many paychecks there are in a year can be very import to know when trying the reach or avoid some thresholds. Even quitting the previous pay period might not have helped. I have seen some companies payout unused vacation, sick and severance over several paychecks. They didn't give you it all in one lump sum, they did it 80 hours a paycheck until the balance owed to the employee was zero.
"Isn't this effectively saying that the market responds principally to itself, and not to either economic fundamentals, or the profitability of the underlying companies.  If so, the market as a ""price discovery mechanism"" is broken, and investors would be wise to do their own research."
Well you have three main options in my opinion. For cash, or any assets you can convert to cash, you could purchase bonds with a maturity date close to what you are looking to lock your funds up for. While you could sell these on a secondary market, admittedly - however you have a justification you can provide to yourself as to why you cannot sell them. Fixed term deposits often have poor interest rates, but if you ask to withdraw your money early you often forfeit all of the interest you would have gained. While your money would not be locked up, it keeps it further out of your reach, just like bonds. Every step further away from your bank account the funds get, the less likely you are to surrender to giving away money that is rightfully yours. It comes with the added advantage of typically high-returns. Trust funds can be set up with anyone as the beneficiary, and provide legal barriers so long as the beneficiary isn't also the executor. While it can be expensive to do so, you could hire a lawyer who specialises in estate law to set up a trust fund you are the beneficiary of, which has stipulations as to how and when assets can be released. I didn't include this as one of the main three, because it doesn't allow you to specify exactly when funds are released to you, but in many countries (including the US) you have special tax advantaged retirement accounts, where funds are locked away until you retire. However, it is unfortunate you even need to think about this. Another thing to consider is that if people start pressuring you for money, you should cut them out of your life.
Well, you might take a minor hit to your credit score. This is snapshot of my credit utilization written for an article on my site. The point there was that zero card use actually dinged the score, but for you, going over the 20% level is the risk. It's not too large a hit, depending how high the utilization goes. I'd not lose sleep over it. Kind of you to help.
"I agree with the answer by @Michael that this number doesn't exist.  It's hard to see what use it would have and it would be difficult to track. I'm writing a separate answer because I also disagree with the premise of your question:  Individual shares of stock have never to my knowledge had such a number.  Your comment about numbers on stock certificates identifies the certificate document, which will generally represent multiple shares of stock.  That number no more identifies a single share of stock than the serial number on a $10 bill identifies any one of the ten dollars it represents.  Even at the ""collective"" unit of $10, when the bill is eventually replaced with a new one, the new bill has a new number.  No continuity."
If you are being paid money in exchange for services that you are providing to your cousin, then that is income, are legally you are required to declare it as self-employment income, and pay taxes when you file your tax return (and if you have a significant amount of self-employment income, you're supposed make payments every quarter of your estimated tax liability. The deposit itself will not be taxed, however.
This depends on the loan calculation methodology. If it is on reducing balance then yes. Else not much difference
1. Where is Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), United States of America (USA)? Where is Territory of Guam, USA?      (a) http://chamorrobible.org/images/chamorrobibleproject/map-west-pacific-islands-1998.jpg       (b) http://chamorrobible.org/images/chamorrobibleproject/map-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-1989.jpg      (c) http://chamorrobible.org/images/chamorrobibleproject/map-guam-1991.jpg      (d) http://chamorrobible.org/images/chamorrobibleproject/map-federated-states-of-micronesia-1999.jpg      (e) http://chamorrobible.org/images/chamorrobibleproject/map-oceania-2002.jpg      (f) Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, USA, photographed from outer space: http://chamorrobible.org/gpw/gpw-20040622.htm      (g) Guam, USA, photographed from outer space on 30 December 2011: [4014 x 6021 pixels](http://chamorrobible.org/images/photos/gpw-201304-NASA-Philippine-Sea-Pacific-Ocean-Guam-20111230-huge.jpg) ... additional resolutions at http://chamorrobible.org/gpw/gpw-201304.htm      Source for #1: http://chamorrobible.org  2. https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/6nnhnl/one_of_just_17_remaining_colonies_worldwide_guam/dkasdpl
The cap loss can be used to offset future gains or $3000/yr of ordinary income. (I just used up the last of mine from the dot com bubble.) I hope you have future gains that let you use this up quickly.  The IRS debt is separate, and I don't imagine they'll let you use any of the loss to offset it. As always, it can't hurt to ask. Their normal payment plans are for 5 years. $40k/yr is a lot.  Edit - The IRS does negotiate. I recall, from the dot-com bubble, instances where someone exercised stock grants, but kept the shares. Now, they had a $1M gain, but after year end, the stock crashed. They owed tax on that gain, but the loss was in the next tax year, with nothing to offset. These people were 'regular' guys and gals, no background in finance. I understand the IRS looked at these people and made some exceptions.
"Technically, no. There is very little security in the US for bank drafts. With your bank account routing number it is very easy for people to draw funds without your authorization. Another thing people can do is buy stuff online with ""demand drafts"". Essentially it works like a credit card number where the create an electronic version of a check to purchase things. There is generally no password, PIN or signature requirement. That said, it is printed on every check you write so keeping it private isn't really practical. I'd make sure you trust anyone you give it to and watch your account statements closely. An important thing to know is that a routing number isn't a one-way deal. If you give out the number for someone to wire you money, they can just as easily draft on the account."
Yes, the distinction between how your funds are applied to principal vs interest is very important. The interest amount charged each period (probably monthly) is not just one fixed sum calculated at the origination, but rather is a dynamically calculated amount that changes each period relative to how much principal is remaining (amount you owe).  The picture you posted showing principal and interest assumes the payer always paid their minimum payment and never made any extra payments of principal. Take a look at the following graph and play around with the extra payment fields. You will see some pretty drastic differences in the Total Interest Paid (green lines) when extra payments are made.  http://mortgagevista.com/#m=2&a=240000&b=4.5&c=30y&e=200&f=1/2020&g=10000&h=1/2025&G&H&J&M&N&P&n&o&p&q&x
"In my decade with this company, I have never witnessed nor heard of times where our HR department has dealt with anything resembling points 2 - 4, these tasks are all pushed on to employees as ""projects"""
You probably can get away with only updating the exchange rates once a day and specify that any prices quoted in units other than your home currency are estimates only. If you're planning to accept more than one currency as payment, I'd (a) see about whatever regulations there are for doing so, and (b) build in a nice spread for yourself if you're allowed to, since it is a service you're providing to your customers.  If you Google currency converter the first result is just that: a currency converter.
Thanks, I will try post more in the future.  I actually said you can make money if you know what your doing the refurbished products not counterfeit.   I don't deal in counterfeit goods at all. As an owner of several (extremely small) trademarks i think trademark infringement of goods is just not on and i wouldn't support it.  Thanks
Yes, but your point doesn't really convince me - I don't believe that Andersen split into two for that reason a decade before everyone else and then failed to IPO for 12 years- and if the Andersen partners at the time stood to make money, why would they enter into direct competition before the IPO?  I don't know what you call an MD at Accenture, as that's not actually a career level. I'm not in the US but Accenture partners certainly make rather more than 250k here.   I know for sure that EY and Accenture are quite comparable on non-exec salary levels, at least in my market, as I know a few people who have switched between Accenture and EY without massive increases in salary. They do seem happier with the work at Big4 companies though ;)
For an American it nearly impossible to open a Swiss bank account. Even a Swiss person want to open a bank account, we have to fill out a document, which asks us if we have a greencard or other relationships with the united states. Some Swiss banks have transferred the money of Americans to Singapore to protect their clients. So you see, the Swiss banks do very much for their clients. And yes, we don't ask very much about money ;) And we are a politically neutral country, but we like the United States more than Russia and of course we have enemies, like the ISIS
There often is.  And that's a problem often not faced when these *same users* pick up an Android or Apple-based OS device.  These users (often Boomers) just want something to work, and wonder why things don't work as easily in Microsoft environments as they do in Apple or Android environments--same users!  If Microsoft continues to alienate those users, they'll simply move to Apple/Android.  Oops--too late--many already have.  Microsoft may not survive this latest blunder, particularly not in their current, disconnected, bloated form.
There are many good brokers available in the market and many spammers too. Personally I have been associated with FXCM since 2001 and have never faced any problem. But everyone has their own personal choice and I recommend you to make your own. But the question is how to find out which broker is a good broker and would provide you with a timely and reliable service? Online google check? Not really. There is so much competition between brokerage firms that they keep writing rubbish about each other on blogs and websites. Best thing is to is check with regulator's website. For US: NFA is a regulator for all forex firms. Information about any regulated forex firm could be found here. http://www.nfa.futures.org/basicnet/welcome.aspx For UK: Its FSA. Information on all regulated Uk based firm could be found here. http://www.fsa.gov.uk/register/firmSearchForm.do Remember in many countries its not compulsory for a forex firm to be regulated but being regulated ensure that the govt. has a watch on the operations of the firm. Also most of the firms out there provide accounts for large as well as small traders so there is nothing much to look for even if you are a small trader. Do keep in mind that if you are a US Citizen you are restricted by the US Govt. to trade only with a broker within US. You are not allowed to trade with any brokerage firm that is based outside the country. Forex Trading involves a significant amount of risk make sure you study the markets well and get yourself educated properly before risking your money. While I have made a lot of money trading forex I have seen a lot of people loosing everything. Please understand the risk and please make sure you only trade with the money which you can afford to loose.
The simplest explanation is that a traditional IRA is a method of deferring taxes. That is, normally you pay taxes on money you earn at the ordinary rate then invest the rest and only pay the capital gains rate.  However, with a traditional IRA you don't pay taxes on the money when you earn it, you defer the payment of those taxes until you retire. So in the end it ends up being treated the same. That said, if you are strategic about it you can wind up paying less taxes with this type of account.
"Google just spammed me on their own product. I got an email (in Gmail) to probe me about using their calendar application. Seemed very un-Google like.  The pointless Youtube and Google Photos notifications have gotten out of control as well.   I know they lost the ""do no evil"" thing ages ago but now their products and resorting to super cheap transparent gimmicks to try and drum up more usage."
"1) Don't leave anything off your CV, get a little job. 2) Upload it. It helps to know that you have done certain modules without fucking them up. 3) Turn any question (including this one) into a dialogue. ""I was always aware of JP as a company, but I really got more of an insight when I was studying them for my final project ..."" 4) LEVERAGE THE FUCK OUT OF YOUR DIVERSITY! The majority of the applicants are white males and these large companies have diversity initiatives which they have to meet. You are doing yourself a huge disservice if you do not mention your background on those forms. 5) Launguages are a great skill so make sure it is on your CV clearly near the start. You should keep your name AND include your full name on the CV. The bad press Muslims get is not going to affect you negatively.  You will not be discriminated against in the way that you think. Everyone who I know who works at JP is Nigerian. When was the last time you read a nice news article about Nigeria?"
Did you ever think that maybe they only treated you like that because you are actually garbage? Like come on, if a dog comes up to me, I will pet it like a dog, and if you came up to me, I would treat you like garbage, because that's what you are.  Garbage.
Someone on twitter (I'm forgetting who, but not just a random person) upon seeing Apple drop it said that we'd be 5 years away from self-driving cars for the next 50 years. Thought it was a ridiculous response considering Apple clearly hasn't been committed to this. Not to mention all the plans car manufacturers have and all the progress Google has made.
To play devil’s advocate to much of what has been written before, it's also worth noting that this is quite an important quote for a sort of reverse reason to what has been discussed before us, that of that fact that virtually every economic situation is different. As it's such a reflexive problem, each and every set of exact circumstances is always different from before. Technology radically changes, monetary policy and economic thinking shift, social needs and market expectations change and thus change the very fabric of markets as they do. It's only in its most basic miss projections of growth that economics repeats, and much like warfare, has constant shifts that radically change the core assumptions about it and do create completely new circumstances that we have to struggle to deal with predicting. People betting on the endless large scale mechanised warfare between western powers continuing post nuclear weapons would have been very, very wrong for example. That time it actually was different, and this actually happens with surprisingly often in finance in ways people quickly bury in the memories and adopt to the new norm. Remember when public ownership of stock wasn't a thing? When bonds didn't exist? No mortgages? Pre insurance? These are all inventions and changes that did change the world forever and were genuinely different and have been ever since, creating huge structural changes in economies, growth rates and societies interactions.  As the endless aim of the game is predicting growth well, we often see people/groups over extend on one new thing, and/or under extend on another as they struggle to model these shifts and step changes.  Talking as if the fact that people do this consistently as if it is some kind of obvious thing we can easily learn from (or easily take advantage of) in the context of such a vague and complex problem could be argued to be highly naïve and largely useless. This time it is different. Last time it was too.
"Is there anyway to salvage my investment for short-term? No.  If by ""salvage"" you mean ""get back as much as you paid"", the only way to salvage it is to wait as long as you consider ""short-term"" and see if goes up again.  If by ""salvage"" you mean ""get some money back"", the only thing you can do to guarantee that is sell it now.  By doing so, you guarantee that you will get neither more nor less than it is worth right now.  Either way, there is nothing you can do other than sell the stock or hold it.  The stock price went down.  You can't make it go back up. Would it be better if I sell my stocks now and buy from other company? Or should I just wait for it's price to go up again? This depends on why you bought the stock, and what you think it will do in the future.  You said a family member persuaded you.  Does that family member still think the stock will go up again?  If so, do you still trust them? You didn't even say what stock it is in your question, so there's no way anyone here can tell you whether it's a good idea to sell it or not.  Even if you do say what stock it is, all anyone can do is guess.  If you want, you could look the stock up on Motley Fool or other sites to see if analysts believe it will rise.  There are lots of sources of information.  But all you can do with that information is decide to sell the stock or not. It may sound obvious, but you should sell if you think the stock will go lower, and hold it if you think it could still go back up.  No one can tell you which of those things is going to happen."
"I thought the same thing when I was making $40k in 2010. I'm around 110k now. Mortgage (300k near Portland,  OR which is really damn good) + taxes + insurance and two kids is expensive. I have a single 14k car, my phone was free, and I drink tea. We vacation once every 3 years and don't dine out much (2x per month max). Our grocery bill is ridiculously expensive though and every month I end up spending a fortune on some bullshit like new tires, dental/medical copays, plumbing issue, electrical issue, or whatever the fuck else decides to break and cause more grief. The electric bill in winter peaks at $400/month with our electric furnace ... we never set the thermostat above 68. Probably more stuff I'm forgetting buy basically on a good month,  I can set aside $600 in savings. That's not bad at all, it's great compared to the average family, but it's not even close to ""wealthy"". I still consider myself middle class."
Hi..I would like to thank you for the efforts you have made in writing this post. I am hoping the same best work from you in the future as well. In fact your creative writing abilities has inspired me to start my own blog now.
That information is the only way to get money wired directly into your account so you don't have a lot of options. You should be reasonably comfortable giving out that information as there checks and balances (as noted above) but more than this the banks tend to err on the side of avoiding a PR nightmare if someone uses routing/account to defraud their customer.  For bank security you should be more concerned about a) your credit card, only use secure https sites and ones you can see are dealing with lots of customers b) your identity, someone with your social security number, a recent bank statement and some basic information about you (like family, birth location etc) can assume your identity c) your bank login, be sure to create a strong password, pref 10 characters or more with numbers, symbols and upper & lower case. A site like http://strongpasswordgenerator.com/ can help here.
Wearing different kind of shirts, especially T shirts has been in vogue from ages. These T shirts are made of super fine cotton and observe the heat and sweat and make the person feel comfortable in them. The T shirts have fan following across the globe and every day, we can see new kind of T shirts with different cuts, designs, slogans, styles as well as in shapes.
"I think you need to realize that regardless of whether they are ""shady"" or not, owners/founders are by and large in it for themselves. You as an employee as just a resource - why should they divulge their finances to you? You won't offend them if you pry and ask for it, but they simply are not going to give you the straight up. They will give you a bare minimum or some song and dance that beats around the bush without actually telling you what you need to know. In regards to whether you should buy the restricted shares: why not? Startups are a gamble anyway. So simply decide how much you're willing to gamble, and spend that much buying some shares. I mean, you're already taking the gamble by accepting a lower salary in exchange for equity which, in all likelihood, will never be worth anything anyway."
"I think your question is the reason why generics are cheaper. Part of what you're paying for in a ""brand"" is consistency.  Depending on what you buy and where you shop, it may be a no-brainer to buy the generic brand of certain products. Buying generic OTC drugs is in that category. It's amazing to me that anyone purchases Tylenol, when the generics deliver superior quality at half the cost. But for other products, subtle differences can be significant. My wife would never purchase generic flour (which seems like it would be a commodity product) for baking, as she's a serious baker and there are qualitative differences and consistency issues between brands. If I were just making gravy, the those differences don't really matter."
"As far as I know, it's not barred by the primary anti-discrimination statute, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.  There are some state and local protections against being fired or discriminated against based on this, but the long and short of it is that it's pretty few and far between.  If the CEO in question fired people who were all affiliated with the Democratic Party, and didn't fire people who weren't affiliated with said party, those who were terminated may have a case at that point.  This is from a [linkedin discussion](http://www.linkedin.com/answers/law-legal/employment-labor-law/LAW_ELW/449714-9356514):  &gt; For private situations, there is also a Federal statute, 42 USC 1985(3), that prohibits conspiracies to deprive persons of equal rights and privileges that has been raised in various contexts. The statute, which is a Reconstruction era law, is broadly drafted to correct some of the abuses that arose after the Civil War for blacks trying to exercise their rights. However, it addresses ""any person or class of persons of the equal protection of the laws"" which could include party affiliation, or a particular political viewpoint. The ""class"" must be one that is sufficiently defined, so it is more likely to apply to party affiliation, such as Democrat, rather than an amorphous group, such as liberal. There are a number of nuances to this statute, so if you have a belief that it may apply to your situation, seek competent legal advice."
Years ago I hired someone part time (not virtual however) to help me with all sorts of things.  Yes it helps free up some time. However particularly with finances, it does take a leap of faith.  If you have high value accounts that this person will be dealing with you can always get them bonded.  Getting an individual with a clean credit history and no criminal background bonded usually costs < $600 a year (depending on $ risk exposure). I would start out small with tasks that do not directly put that person in control of your money.  In my case I didn't have an official business, I worked a normal 9-5 job, but I owned several rental units, and an interest in a bar.  My assistant also had a normal 9-5 job and worked 5-10 hours a week for me on various things. Small stuff at first like managing my calendar, reminding me when bills were due, shipping packages, even calling to set up a hair cut. At some point she moved to contacting tenants, meeting with contractors, showing apartments, etc... I paid her a fixed about each week plus expenses. I would pay her extra if I needed her more (say showing an apartment on a Saturday, or meeting a plumber). She would handled all sorts of stuff for me, and I gave her the flexibility when needed to fit things in with her schedule. After about a month I did get her a credit card for expenses. Obviously a virtual assistant would not be able to do some of these things but I think you get the point.   Eventually when the trust had been built up I put her on most of my accounts and gave her some fiduciary responsibilities as well. I'm not sure that this level of trust would be possible to get to with a virtual assistant. However, with a virtual assistant you might be able to avoid one really big danger of hiring an assistant.... You see, several years later when I sold off my apartment buildings I no longer needed an assistant, so I married her. Now one good thing about that is I don't have to pay her now.   ;)
Wrong way round. Transitional arrangements are non-binding guidelines that the lenders can observe if they choose to. The borrower - like your friend - doesn't  get to choose whether to use them or not. Your friend obviously can't afford the property, so if you do this, all I can say is congratulations on buying your new house, and I hope you got a deal on the mortgage.
The previous day's close on Thursday 10th October was 5,000.00 The close on Friday 11th October is 5,025.92 So the gain on Friday was 25.92 (5025.92 - 5000) or 0.52% (25.92/5000 x 100%). No mystery!
I think it depends where you live in the world, but I guess the most common would be: Major Equity Indices I would say major currency exchange rate: And have a look at the Libors for USD and EUR. I guess the intent of the question is more to see how implicated you are in the daily market analysis, not really to see if you managed to learn everything by heart in the morning.
"You can shop for a mortgage rate without actually submitting a mortgage application.  Unfortunately, the U.S. Government has made it illegal for the banks to give you a ""good faith estimate"" of the mortgage cost and terms without submitting a mortgage application.  On the other hand, government regulations make the ""good faith estimates"" somewhat misleading.  (For one thing, they rarely are good for estimating how much money you will need to ""bring to the closing table"".) My understanding is that in the United States, multiple credit checks within a two-week period while shopping for a mortgage are combined to ding your credit rating only once. You need the following information to shop for a mortgage: A realistic ""appraisal value"".  Unless your market is going up quickly, a fair purchase price is usually close enough. Your expected loan amount (which you or a banker can estimate based on your down payment and likely closing costs). Your middle credit score, for purposes of mortgage applications.  (If you have a co-borrower, such as a spouse, many banks use the lower of the two persons' middle credit score). The annual property tax cost for the property, taking into account the new purchase price. The annual cost of homeowners' insurance. The annual cost of homeowners' association dues. Your minimum monthly payments on all debt.  Banks tend to round up the minimum payments.  Also, banks care whether any of that debt is secured by real estate. Your monthly income.  Banks usually include just the amount for which you can show that you are currently in the job, with regular paychecks and tax withholding, and that you have been in similar jobs (or training for such jobs) for the last two full years.  Banks usually subtract out any business losses that show up on tax returns.  There are special rules for alimony and child support payments. The loan terms you want, such as a 15-year fixed rate or 30-year fixed rate. The amount of points you are willing to pay.  Many banks are willing to lower your ""note rate"" by 0.125% if you pay 0.5% up-front.  The pros and cons of paying points is a good topic for another question. Whether you want a so-called ""no-fee"" or ""no-closing cost"" loan.  These loans cost less up-front, but have a higher ""note rate"". Unless you ask for a ""no-fee"" or ""no-closing cost"" loan, most banks have similar charges for things like: So the big differences are usually in: As discussed above, you can come up with a simple number for (roughly) comparing fixed-rate mortgage loan offers.  Take the loan origination (and similar) fees, and divide them by the loan amount.  Divide that percentage by 4.  Add that percentage to the ""note rate"" for a loan with ""no points"".  Use that last adjusted note rate to compare offers.  (This method works because you have the choice of using up-front savings to pay ""points"" to lower the ""note rate"".) Notice that once you have your middle credit score, you can ask other lenders to estimate the information above without actually submitting another loan application.  Because the mortgage market fluctuates, you should compare rates on the same morning of the same day.  You might want to check with three lenders, to see if your real estate agent's friend is competitive:"
Firstly, I think you need to separate your question into two parts: If you are Chinese, live in China and intend to stay in China for most of your life then the default answer to question 1 should be Renminbi.  Question 2 is not as important, you can hold USD in almost any country in the world. Any investment you hold has risk, which may include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, inflation risk etc. Holding USD will expose you to exchange rate fluctuations as well.  If the Renminbi rises in value against the dollar your returns in USD will be reduced by the same amount (remember that for currency fluctuations you have to multiply the percentages, see here for a good explanation). The first thing you probably want to do is find out exactly what the assets are in the 理财 you have invested in.  The fact that there is a 'risk level' (even if it is only 2) would suggest to me that the fund is investing in some combination of bonds and stocks which means that your returns are not guaranteed and could make a loss. Interest rates on deposit accounts are mandated by the government in China, and the current 12 month deposit rate on RMB is 3%.  To earn over 3%, GEB must be investing your assets in something else (I'm guessing bonds).  Bear in mind that 1.5 years is a very short amount of time in investments, so don't assume this return will continue!  I'm afraid I've only been studying Chinese for a year, so I can't really help you much with the link you've sent through - you may want to check if there is any guaranteed minimum return, which can be the case in more complex structured products. Ultimately you will need to pick an investment which you feel gives you the best combination of risk and return for your situation, there are a huge amount of options to choose between.  The 4-5% you are earning right now is not a huge risk premium on the 3% you could earn in China from a time deposit, but in the current environment you may struggle to beat it without taking on more risk.  Before considering that though - understand how much risk you already have with GEB.
"For what it's worth, the distribution I'm currently using is roughly ... with about 2/3 of the money sitting in my 401(k). I should note that this is actually considered a moderately aggressive position. I need to phone my advisor (NOT a broker, so they aren't biased toward things which are more profitable for them) and check whether I've gotten close enough to retirement that I should readjust those numbers. Could I do better? Maybe, at higher risk and higher fees that would be likely to eat most of the improved returns. Or by spending far more time micromanaging my money than I have any interest in. I've validated this distribution using the various stochastic models and it seems to work well enough that I'm generally content with it. (As I noted in a comment elsewhere, many of us will want to get up into this range before we retire -- I figure that if I hit $1.8M I can probably sustain my lifestyle solely on the income, despite expected inflation, and thus be safely covered for life -- so this isn't all that huge a chunk of cash by today's standards. Cue Daffy Duck: ""I'm rich! I'm wealthy! I'm comfortably well off!"" -- $2M, these days, is ""comfortably well off."")"
I was part of a class action against First Tennessee Bank for this same shady shit.    Got my check in the mail last week for my portion.   $21.12  At one point, they hit me five times for overdraft charges, ($175).   No risk for them, charge the fuck out of you on the front end, pay back pennies on the back.  It's a win/win for them.   I joined a credit union (SkyOne) and love them, will never look back.
How I understand it is: supply/demand affect price of stock   negatively/positively, respectively. Correct. Volume is the amount of buying/selling activity in these stocks (more   volume = more fluctuation, right?). Sort of.  Higher volume means higher liquidity.  That is, a stock that is traded more is easier to trade.  It doesn't necessarily mean more fluctuation and in the real world, it often means that these are well-understood stocks with a high amount of analyst coverage.  This tends towards these stocks not being as volatile as smaller stocks with less liquidity. Company revenue (and profit) will help an investor predict company   growth. That is one factor in a stock price.  There are certain stocks that you would buy without them making a profit because their future revenue looks potentially explosive.  However, these stocks are very risky and are bubble-prone. If you're starting out in the share market, it's generally a good idea to invest in index funds (I am not a broker, my advice should not be taken as financial advice).  These funds aggregate risk by holding a lot of different companies.  Also, statistics have shown that over time, buying and holding index funds long term tends to dramatically outperform other investment strategies, particularly for people with low amounts of capital.
"I agree it's an agency problem. This why firms that are astute at making acquisitions properly align the incentives of managers and shareholders, and strive to make negotiating prowess a core competency (see [here](https://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21708671-two-economists-win-nobel-prize-their-work-theory-contracts-hard) and [here](https://www.economist.com/news/economics-brief/21725542-if-markets-are-so-good-directing-resources-why-do-companies-exist-first-our)).   This is easier said than done - there are many more Valeant Pharmaceuticals type companies (making acquisitions for financial engineering and ""growth"") than Gilead Sciences type companies (making acquisitions based on a keen understanding of the market's demands)."
I have been in a similar position for quite a while now and the only thing that seems to help is screening phone calls. I have a long list of collector numbers set to not ring on my phone. They can still leave a voice mail but they never do.  As far as I know there aren't any laws that protect you from nuisance phone calls. FDCPA letters only apply to the debtor and the collector it is sent to it doesn't protect an unrelated third party from getting annoying phone calls. I have a feeling that sending FDCPA letters is just confirming that you probably are the debtor and prolong the collection calls.
One big advantage that the 529 plan has is that most operate like a target date fund. As the child approaches college age the investment becomes more conservative. While you can do this by changing the mix of investments, you can't do it without capital gains taxes. Many of the issues you are concerned about are addressed: they are usable by other family members, they don't hurt financial aid offers, they address scholarships, they can be used for books or room and board.  Many states also give you a tax break in the year of the contribution.
Good point, but the idea I was getting at is that the money was already allocated for this purpose as it is regularly with every pay day.  The idea that some people should not get unemployment insurance payments because they happen to live in households that retain high income is not trivial and at very least should be put before a vote of representatives.
When calculating the NPV, is there anything I need to do in between the project start date outlay (Nov 2017), and the first cash inflow (July 2019). Do I need to discount the cashflow to the present, and if so, how? Yes, you need to discount every cash flow to the present time, not just the first one.   When discounting cash flows, the appropriate discount rate needs to represent the opportunity cost of the initial cash outlay.  Meaning if you were to use that money for something else, what rate of return would you expect? You could be safe and assume only a risk-free return (like 2-3%) or use the average rate of return of other investments (e.g. 10-15%). Another common approach is to use your cost of capital if you're raising funds for the project, or would instead have use the funds to pay off existing debt. Once you find a relevant discount rate, then just discount each cash flow by dividing them by e^rt, where r is the annualized discount rate (e.g. 0.10 for 10%) and t is the decimal number of years between now and the cash flow (e.g. 1.5 for 18 months)
For the constant growth problem, I don't see why the answer would be anything other than the stock price grown for 3 years at the cost of equity determined from CAPM. Someone can correct me if the dividend is relevant.  So:  rs = rf + beta x (market premium)  rs = 0.046 + 0.9 x (0.06) = 0.10  price now = $40.00  price after 3 years' growth = $40.00 x (1+0.10)^3 = $53.24  EDIT: https://www.quora.com/Why-are-dividend-yields-factored-into-beta  two conflicting answers so you'll just have to figure it out
GBP is widely traded currency and it is definitely possible to send GBP internationally with out any conversion. Of late banks are trying to maximize the FX and if they see a Euro country the sending bank assumes the beneficiary account is in Euro and converts to get FX spread than letting the beneficiary bank decide. Keep complaining to your bank and then the sending bank will put your account in exception and not convert next payments
Aim pistol at own foot. Pull trigger.  The job market is definitely tightening: people with experience are spending less time between jobs; recruiters are calling more frequently.  Too bad this has not yet helped the young and inexperienced.
I think that author does a disservice by writing such seemingly sensible articles without actually knowing how things work. If I didn’t know better, I would think this guy was teaching me something. It’s a shame he did not do research before he started writing.  Let’s say you buy a classic car. You take super good care of it, all original, mint condition. You paid cash for it out of your savings. This is a balance sheet transaction that has nothing to do with income. You traded your cash asset for a classic car asset.  Now let’s say this car is so rare and you keep it in such good condition that it gains value every year. Maybe it was worth $15k when you bought it, but this year it’s already worth $17k. Great job on making a great purchase! But is that $2k gain counted as income to you? No, it is not. The value of that asset on your balance sheet went up, but you did not make anything off of that increase in value because you have not sold it.  If you had to pay taxes on the increase in value every year, those taxes would essentially force you to sell that car to pay the taxes just because you took care of it. Additionally, in the long term, no one would want to own anything, so this would destroy the value of everyone’s stuff, but I digress.  In this example, amazon stock is the car. The author is seeing the increase in stock value adding to the balance sheets of the investors who bought the stock and confusing that with income.  Back to our example, let’s say your car increased in value $2k a year for two years and you decide to sell it for $19k - now we are about to realize some income! Since you bought it for $15k and sold for $19k, you earned an income of the difference, or $4k.   Your income wasn’t $19k, because you originally put $15k in cash into the car. That cash was already saved from income you made in the past, and it is not counted again as income in this sale.  Because you did not work for this new car sale income, but it was derived from asset growth, the income is called capital gains. You invested your capital ($15k) into the asset (car), and that asset appreciated. When you sold it, you received capital (money) back in exchange for that asset. The capital you received is more than what you invested, which is to say you gained $4k of capital by investing in and then selling your  asset (car).  Because you held the car for two years, you qualify for lower long term capital gains tax rate on that $4k. Had you sold it after year 1, you would’ve paid your regular normal income tax rate on those capital gains. Either way, you owe the tax when you sell the asset, not when it appreciates.  I’m sure you realize this already, but if we change the car to amazon stock in my story, this is exactly how it works with investors.  The author gets several things wrong   1 - amazon profits are not passed through to shareholders for income tax purposes. If amazon paid dividends, those dividends would be taxed at payout at the long term capital gains rate, and they would be paid out of cash amazon has left after it already paid corporate taxes on profits.   Amazon has decided they can add more value to investors by using cash to grow instead of paying dividends. When the investors sell the stock, they will owe capital gains on the growth of that stock. If amazon is correct that using cash to grow, then investors will effectively pay more when they sell the stock than they would pay today if dividends were paid.  2 - asset appreciation is not income. Those investors will realize the income when they sell the stock, and they will pay the tax then.   3 - he is missing the point entirely on why amazon runs a low profit or how business strategy translates into financials. Low prices are not a function of low profitability. Low profitability could be an adverse result of low pricing, but being low profit in order to be low price is a ridiculous and failing strategy. Amazon’s low pricing is a function of their unparalleled buying power, unparalleled consumer and product data, amazing logistics prowess, clever loyalty programs like amazon prime, and many other brilliant things they’ve done. Their low profitability is a function of their investment in things like amazon fresh, amazon Alexa, drone delivery, automated convenience stores, building out cloud computing infrastructure, and many other R&amp;D projects, $4 billion in original content spending for amazon prime video, and all kinds of expenditures years ahead of when they become profitable. By the time consumers want it, amazon already built it three years ago - this is the power of amazon. Sometimes multi billion dollar experiments fail, and all that money was for nothing. Sometimes they lose money for a few years and then become the infrastructure that runs a third of the internet. Amazon does not let fear of failure stop them, they invest in growth with their cash. This is how Bezos thinks - how do we build the future, not how can I avoid tax    I do need to make a disclaimer here - there could be special tax treatment of classic cars that makes my example not work. Also classic cars may not appreciate in value. I don’t know anything about classic cars, I just picked a politically neutral thing to put in my story and made some assumptions to illustrate how capital gains work. My story is definitely how stocks work, and probably cars, but I just want to point out that I don’t know shit about car collecting.
Paying off debts will reduce your monthly obligation to creditors (less risk) and also remove the possibility of foreclosure / repossession / lawsuit if you ever lost access to income (less risk).  Risk is an important part of the equation that can get overlooked.  It sounds like pulling that money out of the market will reduce your yearly tax bill as well.
Marilyn Angelena is a Transformational Business Coach and Mentor known as Magic Makeover Genie!Marilyn works with Women Entrepreneurs and Small Business Owners who struggle to market their business effectively. What separates my service from other Business Coaches, Consultants and Mentors is that I only work with Women Entrepreneurs and Small Business Owners and I specialize in transforming your businesses using outrageous marketing strategies, both offline and online. Your business can literally be transformed in 26 weeks or less, regardless if you are just starting out with a new and fresh idea, you have been in business for a while and you aren’t making any money or you are making a profit and you are now ready to go to the “next level”.
I should mention I work as an analyst for our Wealth Management division and am also a CFA charterholder. I have done the basic research on WSO into IB and corporate banking roles. I was hoping to get into the weeds with very specific jobs and duties, if that makes sense.
This is something I love about only investing in tech. Every company I'd want to invest in has a great balance sheet anyway, that's just how their economics work, so I don't have to worry about this. I actually work in reverse. Like with AAPL, I'm deducting their cash from their market cap to get an even more attractive valuation*. As opposed to trying to work out all the complex debt and liabilities of a bank or something.  *AAPL actually does have some debt now but it's dead simple to deduct and only a workaround to their offshore cash.
They are being propped up by their own debt most of the time. Just because someone does better or plans better than you, doesn't mean they took anything from you.  There is no pie wealth is not finite. Its a myth. We not even coke vaguely close to the wealth creation potential of our species. Technologically we are still enfants but progressing pretty fast. Every day something that use to be hard becomes easy, not just for some but for everyone. Something that used to be impossible is just around the corner all the time. You are richer every day. Whether you want to admit it or not.
Almost every job I have had over the past thirty years required drug testing.   ALL tested for pot, narcotics, cocaine specifically, heroin, alcohol and others.   Saying the majority do not is wrong because the test is a standard panel.
With the W8-Ben filed, tax will be withheld at a lower rate. (I would expect 10%). Tax treaty treatment will mean that this witholding will reduce your UK tax even if this payment is not taxable there. This is only effective if you actually pay tax. This is how it works for lotteries and dividends as well.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://nirpumbrella.com/exec-at-fannie-mae-will-be-nominated-u-s-deputy-secretary/) reduced by 51%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; President Donald Trump plans to nominate, general counsel for Fannie Mae, Brian Brooks as the deputy secretary of the treasury department according to Axios.  &gt; Brooks joined Fannie Mae seven years after the subprime fiasco.  &gt; Brooks does have a link to the White House as before joining Fannie Mae, he was vice-chairman of OneWest Bank and worked with Steven Mnuchin who wanted someone for the job that resembled loyalty, according to Axios&amp;#039; unidentified sources.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6goafv/breaking_exec_at_fannie_mae_will_be_nominated_as/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~141894 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Brooks**^#1 **Mae**^#2 **Fannie**^#3 **department**^#4 **Axios**^#5"
So real estate isn't a good investment?  Yeah, it's went down at times.  Still worth more now then say 15, 25 and 50 years ago right?   Is nothing a good investment because it has bad years?    Im not saying bitcoin is the best shit ever and it's perfect and everyone should buy it.  But we've heard time and time again that it was in its death throws. Yet after every dip, it recovers and reaches new highs.
They US does not give Israel aid, they take what they want, They control the government and the economy. That is why the Head of the Fed is always a Jew and why every US politician spreads his butt cheeks for a complete anal check in front of AIPAC. The Jews make up less the 1% of the US voter base, yet every decision that America has to make has a Jew up its ass including Ivanka.   It is simply the Truth
Half VTI (Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF) and half VEU (Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF), and stop futzing.  The US is roughly half the world market cap so this is like a total world equity index.  Very low costs. VTI Expense ratio is 0.04% as of 04/27/2017. I don't know what you mean by RSG, but it could be either a waste processor or a gold miner. Either way it seems kind of speculative to hold even 10% of your wealth.
I'd say that because you are young, even the 'riskier' asset classes are not as risky as you think, for example, assuming conservatively that you only have 30 years to retirement, investing in stocks index might be a good option. In short term share prices are volatile and prone to bull and bear cycles but given enough time they have pretty much always outperformed any other asset classes. The key is not to be desperate to withdraw when an index is at the bottom. Some cycles can be 20 years, so when you need get nearer retirement you will need to diversify so that you can survive without selling low. Just make sure to pick an index tracker with low fees and you should be good to go. A word of warning is of course past performance is no indication of a future one, but if a diversified index tracker goes belly up for 20+ years, we are talking global calamity, in which case buy a shotgun and some canned food ;)
That seems like a very high valuation. 2 years ago in the Ellen Pao lawsuit Pao's side claimed Reddit was worth $250mm, and the press had claimed it was $500mm. Either Reddit's valuation has more than tripled in 2 years, or this article is misleading.
I think the problem with AC is:  It's junky - The entire city seems rundown and poor. The beach isn't very nice (compared to OC Md, Rehoboth, VA Beach, etc...).  It's expensive - It seems like a room that would cost $200/night in Las Vegas always costs like $350 a night in Atlantic City.   I live in Maryland. I vacation in Ocean City MD every year. AC is 30 minutes closer to me. If AC had Las Vegas hotel room prices and a nice beach I would go there every year.
"It's no where near that simple. Defined benefit plans for enterprises as large (and as old) as automakers or the legacy airlines are incredibly complicated. It's not simply a matter of plugging the money into some piggy bank account and ""doing the right thing."" I think the people in these companies do honestly want to do right by their employees and retirees - and offering buyout options is, in some cases, a better deal for both recipient and the company."
Any sort of applications you go through in class, including physics, the textbook and hopefully the professor will give you full context of the type of problems to focus on. My ODE class spent a lot of time on population models too, so it won't just be physics.
If they are voting in reaction to what cities/ city folk are doing rather than for the good of their area then they deserve to die, I don't mean die as human beings but die as towns and municipalities.  And from where I'm sitting this seems to be exactly what they are doing.
"90% of what you need to know about diversity and racism was taught to my son in 2nd grade.  &gt; My college education included a class on diversity laws in the us and the state i live.  So tell, me: what did that class teach you that you did not know?  I am asking, because maybe I can learn something that you know, but my son or me may not know.  &gt; I evaluated how businesses predominantly focused on a market can effectively adjust their businesses plans to new markets.  This is taught in marketing and business classes. Even before the 1960s everyone was taught or knew that you can make money off minorities and niche groups because of their needs.  &gt;  I could go on but i think you get my point.  No, I did not get your point. Please tell me about something you learned purely about ""diversity"". **Not about how to take advantage of diversity for economic and POLITICAL gains!**  Do you understand what I mean with the last thing I said? Think about it first."
You are very young, you make a huge amount of money, and you have (from what information you provide) very little debt. If you simply want to buy a house for whatever reason, sure, but be honest with yourself about why you want to buy it. I see a lot of people who think they're doing it for smart financial reasons, but then when I ask them about their pension savings and credit card debts and so on, there is no evidence that they are actually the kind of person who makes decisions for smart financial reasons. If you want a house because that seems like the thing that people do, maybe you could think more about what you actually want. If your concern is putting your money to work for you (you seem to dislike that you pay rent each month and after that month you don't have anything to show for your money, except of course that you didn't spent the last month living on the streets), you can do a lot better than getting a mortgage. For example, living frugally you should be able to dump 50k a year into investments; if you did that for a few years, you could reasonably expect the return to cover your rent and bills in a surprisingly small number of years (a lot less than a 25 year mortgage). Your question seems to be starting from the position that you should buy a house. You're asking if you should buy it now, or wait. You are rich enough now (and if your earnings keep going up, will be even more rich in a few years) that you should perhaps question your need to buy a house. With your kind of money, at this stage of your life, you can do a lot better.
&gt; Why is this always the top voted kind of comment whenever a blog post is submitted on Reddit?  It isn't. Decent blog articles get submitted every day.  &gt; A blog is not an article so adjust your expectations or volunteer to be her pro-bono editor.  I do expect it to be at least coherent and consise.  &gt;doesn't really contradict what the blogger was writing about: being sold a false dream.    Caveat Emptor. It precisely contradicts what the OP was about. If the contract isn't to your liking, don't buy into the dream.  Look - Freelancing is hard. You have to make decisions that regular employees don't have to. One of your tasks is vetting potential employees and negotiating contracts. If that sounds too hard or too difficult, go back to your fucking cubicle and fill out your TPS reports.
"&gt; they want to lower the standards we have for goods and services  Their avowed goal is ""regulatory coherence"" but its [not being done in a good way](http://www.ciel.org/Publications/ToxicPartnership_Mar2014.pdf), its an attempt to sneak through a [huge long long list](http://www.ttip2014.eu) of bad ideas that would not fly in any kind of light of day, and then make them permanent, with special [eternal entitlements](http://tpplegal.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/isds-domestic-legal-process-background-brief.pdf) for multinational corporations, so permanent that future elections can not change them, nor can states individually protect people, their laws would be preempted to the extent that unaccountable trade tribunals [can order huge fines against countries and states for merely doing their jobs](http://www.italaw.com/sites/default/files/case-documents/italaw3206.pdf), because they impinge upon  new suddenly materialized ""rights"" as perceived by the trade agreements. Almost nobody knows they are doing this. often countries dont realize that they have lost their rights to determine their policies, and then countries usually lose.  There are SO many problems I don't know where to begin.   &gt; in part by opening up public services to private business?  Privatization often goes badly. They are hiding that and portraying privatization as the only possible future.   Well at the beginning, the prototypes FTAs, NAFTA and GATS mandated the privatization of most public services in countries that signed them, with services (everything you can't drop on your foot) especially some of the add on documents to GATS. That was in 1995. It contains a ""standstill"" (they all do)  which said that countries could not change anything if it was a move back towards public ownership and control, in the case of services, they frame that as bad, as a theft from businesses..  So standstill typically says things like they can not create any new public services and [if there was any money involved in the market sector at all that it would have to be privatized](http://www.iatp.org/files/GATS_and_Public_Service_Systems.htm) in tiny steps. No going back to public services allowed.   But of course, people dont know that and often don't believe it when told. For example, do you believe me when i tell you thats the reason US health care is so bad-?    Can you see how and why they might lie about what they,, politicians, can do, can do about things because they want to win elections by promising things - like affordable health care- But also hide the ugly act [that they gave away the store](http://www.law.harvard.edu/programs/lwp/nafta.pdf) starting in 1995.   The FTAs that we can read (the early ones) tried to do it by being undecipherable to non-experts- they are so complicated and ambiguous only a few people really know what they demanded, at least up until recently. Now they are top secret. Really secret. Only the 600 lobbyists have access.   Now, a growing number of people, especially in Europe, seem to realize this is really scary and a red flag., but its not because the news was any help, its because of the net, the media - especially in the US, has been completely unhelpful. They dont cover this at all. TTIP is a huge controversy. But I have a feeling the worst one is TiSA, which has remained largely out of the news. Except for Wikileaks and the financial services chapter. Just one chapter is known. And its an old version.  Now they want in TiSA to greatly [expand the scope of these FTAs to millions of service jobs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_pPqnbXpA4) in a huge number of countries. Countries want things, like the US wants to be able to charge more money for drugs and they want to force other countries to allow US companies into their markets, for example, insurance, or financial instruments, it seems that they are trying to deregulate banking when it should be re-regulated to avoid a repeat of the 2008 GFC. Another thing the US wants is to limit generic drugs and make it easier for companies to open factories, send contractors, etc. elsewhere.  Its not always a good thing to open markets up to ""liberalisation"".  In many cases, it could lead to substantial job losses, as it has in [Central America after CAFTA](http://citizen.typepad.com/eyesontrade/2014/08/central-america-crisis-belies-caftas-empty-promises.html)."
"In general we're getting a more nuanced view of a proposition that might tend to influence policy. ""Amazon creates jobs"" is the implicit suggestion of the headline, and it's worthwhile to take a critical approach rather than simply accepting it as something that should influence our opinions.  Letting the mayor open an urea refinery in the centre of town *also* creates jobs, after all, but people tend to have an intuitive grasp of the costs that it would impose on the townsfolk as a whole.  You allude to what I think is a fear of asymmetrically developed information:  having learnt of the disadvantage of a growing Amazon to potential employees, as compared to the preceding status quo, we proceed on the assumption that the growth of Amazon is a sufficient explanation for the disruption of that status quo, and naively assume that we need merely prevent Amazon's business model from succeeding in order to restore the world to rights, without examining any of the possible harms of our own intervention.  That's certainly something I can sympathize with.  However, while 'creative destruction' describes something that does indeed happen, it's a bad idea to observe destruction and assume that either the process or the outcome is necessarily creative.  'Destructive destruction' is *also* a thing, and it is inherently cheaper and easier than the creative variety.  'Disruptive' business models often succeed simply because they use technology to bypass regulatory traps, for good or for ill.  At times, however, this involves the discovery of a way to offload the costs of the enterprise onto society.    A wonderful example of this would be bike-sharing systems.  Where I've seen them in North America, in their first generation, they tend to have physical parking stations to which the bikes must be returned.  In China, by contrast, systems have developed where one needn't even return the bicycles to any particular location;  one merely finds one wherever someone had parked it, and unlocks it by scanning the code on it.  The bicycles themselves are not a huge capital cost, so convenience relies on a huge oversupply of bikes that have been parked, dumped, dropped, or hidden by their previous riders all over the public space.  Effectively, these companies have managed to make the municipal services responsible for their inventory management."
&gt;“Draw one line on a graph charting the decline in union membership, then superimpose a second line charting the decline in middle-class income share,” writes Noah, “and you will find that the two lines are nearly identical.” Richard Freeman, a Harvard economist,  Thus demonstrating that Harvard economists apparently fail to comprehend the very simple point that *CORRELATION does* **NOT** *equal CAUSATION.*  At best, it indicates the *possibility* of a link, but is proof of nothing. (And anyone who cites a mere correlation as if it was irrefutable proof, as is implied here... is either an idiot, or they are being extremely intellectually dishonest.)
The comparisons are disingenuous. The lowest paid, part time worker at one factory is making almost twice the Chinese national median wage, and one at another factory is making as much as the median wage in one of China's wealthiest cities.  It's okay to just say the wages suck.
"I believe they manage a bit over 500 million.  He is still the founder and probably has control of the company but he is not the ceo. He has probably gotten the company to a stable position and wants to move on to other things... big deal.  If tradeworx is stable and making money it is not a big deal if narang doesn't want to micro manage people and run day to day shit, someone else can handle that while he can go explore other things.  Just like De shaw did.... de shaw got his fund up and running, make a ton on money, left to do research and the fund still makes money.  [you can read this to see why he left](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-markets-tradeworx-narangdeparture/exclusive-tradeworx-founder-narang-leaves-high-frequency-firm-idUSKBN0KM1Z720150113)  ""Narang declined to spell out why he was leaving Red Bank, New Jersey-based Tradeworx, but said, “I had a few differences with the board about the direction of the company.”  Narang said there were no losses or expected losses at closely held Tradeworx, which he said has a bright future and where he remains a shareholder. Tradeworx accounts for about 5 to 6 percent of daily U.S. equity market volume, sources say.  There was no immediate response from Tradeworx management.  Narang has not decided on a future venture, but he said he is likely to remain in the financial services industry, is talking to people and is looking closely at the options market.  “I have a whole lot of ideas that I‘m excited about that I’ve been wanting to pursue, so now is the time to figure out which of those ideas I’d like to pursue,” Narang told Reuters.  “I‘m particularly interested in options trading, I have been for some time, that’s something Tradeworx doesn’t do. Many of my ideas are in that space,” said Narang, 45, who has degrees in computer science and mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.""    edit- This all really has nothing to do with the original post about actuallyserious65 comment regarding hft."
I don't know enough about taxes and real-state in the Netherlands to be super helpful in determining whether or not a rental property is a good investment. One thing for certain is that there's some risk in spending everything on a rental property. It's wise to have some buffer, an emergency fund of 3-6 months expenses. If things got dire, you'd still need to live somewhere until your tenant was gone, and you'd want to be able to handle any major repairs that crop up. So, even if it is a good idea to buy a rental property, you should probably wait until doing so doesn't leave you without a healthy buffer. As for owning a rental, you described a scenario where you'd get 6% income on your investment each year if there were zero expenses associated with owning the property. Are there property taxes? Is there a monthly cost to maintain the building the apartment is in? Are rental incomes taxed more heavily than other investment income? Just be aware of the full financial picture before deciding if it's a worthwhile investment.
You can split payments, and nobody judges you because most prepaid cards are actually gift cards.  They just think you have generous friends.   When you use Visa/MC at a vendor, they get dinged around 2-3% plus 35 cents flat-rate.  So when you ask them to charge 77 cents to the card, you're essentially asking they give half of it to Visa/MC.  Which is unfair.  A charity won't turn it down, but it's wasted.  So how do you solve this problem?  If you see a small merchant using Square or PayPal Here, their merchant agreements charge a flat rate (2.75% and 2.70% respectively) with no flat rate per transaction.  If you see they are on PayPal/Square, go for it.   Obviously PayPal itself doesn't have that problem, because they have a really, really good deal with Visa and Mastercard.  So feel free to buy yourself credit on your PayPal account with these residual values.   Amazon probably has a similar deal.   You are getting these small amounts because you aim to pay a $22.69 bill with a card that has $25 on it.  Reasonable, but it causes this.   Flip it around: pay a $22.69 bill with a card that has $20 on it, consume the $20 value, and pay the $2.69 in cash.  You may need to tell the cashier exactly the amount to charge (e.g. $20.00) especially if it is a Visa/MC card.  It will certainly go faster if you do.  The cashier may be able to pull up the balance, but it's an extra procedure, and an inexperienced cashier may struggle with it / have to call the manager etc. - not worth it in my book.
Another factor to consider is that it encourages employees to contribute more into to the plan so that they'll be able to comfortably retire.  Getting the full match encourages people to put at least 6% in to avoid leaving money on the table; 100% of the 1st 3% would see a lot of people only putting 3% in instead.  While 9% of your income is still a rather marginal amount to be saving; it will leave you in a much better place in your 60's than if you had only put in 6%/year.
"Before we all argue about his pricing, blah blah - let me explain to you how he absolutely fleeced consumers under the guise of helping them.  JCPenney had a handful of sales strategies:  * 40% off  * 50% off  * Buy one, get one for $0.01  * Buy one, get one for $0.99  * 60% off  * Green tag clearance (where things were up to 90% off discounted prices; items as low as $0.97)  What he did was basically eliminate all of the different kind of sales and just discount a straight 40%.  Meaning that before, when you were ""screwed"", the worst you would do is their ""everyday low pricing"" today. If you went in and bought at their worst 40% sale, you got exactly what he offers you right now. If you were lucky and went in at a better time, you actually saved more, generally around 50% with BOGO-type of stuff.  Not only that, he killed coupons. This is where you could really rake. You would:  * Save money with your JCP card  * $10 off orders of $25  * $10 off orders of $30  * $10 off orders of $50 / $15 off $75 / $25 off $100  Again, these all varied, but you could stack coupons on top of savings.  Shoppers (like me) stopped going there because the savings ceased to exist. We're not stupid, but he played us like we were and he counted on people's outrage of sales to dupe them. As you can see by the scheme I've shown, you not only saved more before, but way more. And the argument that it's better now is patently false because their prices are identical to their worst sale without any coupons.  Why do you think the red stickers go over the price? Because they want to hide it. The same items at Kohls have the sticker from Union Bay or whoever on it. It's all the same MSRP. It's just that he tried to fool the shoppers he didn't have with false outrage, but alienated the rest of the shoppers who look at their receipt."
"Hurd did almost as much in his short time there to gut R&amp;D, engineering, and every other ""cost centre"" within HP as he could, leading to a dearth of product and technology in the pipeline.  Tough to innovate with nothing but sales and marketing."
The 'store card' that Amazon offers gives 5% back on Amazon purchases. Some time ago, when I realized how much of my spending was going through Amazon, I chose that card over this one.  If you want the card, that's fine, but if you are going to play the reward game, there are far higher bonuses available for card signups. No, it's not a scam. Many stores will offer a discount at the register the day you sign up for there card. In general, the store cards should also give a discount when used at that store, or airline for that matter.
Finding a way to pay down credit debt is important, because you're probably paying in the high teens in APR. 401k should be last resort. Have you researched other options? E.g loan consolidation  If you don't mind me asking, how did you get that far in debt?
At a risk of stating the obvious: a passive portfolio doesn't try to speculate on such matters.
There are three parties involved here: there's the store that issued you the card, then they have some bank that's actually handling the account, and there is some network (VISA, MasterCard, etc.) that the transactions go through. So one avenue to consider is seeing whether all three are aware of you canceling the card.
"&gt; Ms is not one of them  CO is, which is where the gay bakery incident that's going to the SCOTUS happened...  &gt;providing a service based on their bias is ok for some and not for others.   No, I think that it's okay to not provide service for any reason *except based on status in a protected class."" This really isn't a difficult concept. And yes, I think that orientation should be a protected class anywhere that it isn't yet.   Dude, this is the same as employment law and other discrimination areas like apartment rental. You can fire someone for any reason or no reason, but not for a reason of membership in a protected class. You can refuse to rent to someone for any reason except membership in a protected class.   Do you see the pattern yet?  &gt;How can you not see the similar aspects of the two  Because there are no similar aspects between non-choice biological factors and by-choice rhetoric.   &gt;You are agreeing with a company choosing to do business with whom they want to, but then you are doubling down on having another business doing the same thing   Rephrased, this says, ""You're saying that sometimes X but then trying to say that sometimes Y!"" Yes. Exactly. There are different circumstances. ""You're agreeing that a company can do business with whomever they want except but another company can't because they're refusing based on protected classes.""  Libertarian fantasy land logic doesn't work in the real world."
You wouldn't pay what the quote says, you would pay what the bill says. If the car is used as a taxi then either it's done illegally and not your problem, or they have proper insurance. One reason to go through your insurance is that they know how to handle all these things for you.  If you have only their phone number: You owe them money, so they will contact you.
No, the dividends can't be exploited like that. Dividends settlement are tied to an ex-dividend date. The ex-dividend, is the day that allows you to get a dividend if you own the stock. Since a buyer of the stock after this date won't get the dividend, the price usually drop by the amount of the dividend. In your case the price of a share would lose $2.65 and you will be credited by $2.65 in cash such that your portfolio won't change in value due to the dividend. Also, you can't exploit the drop in price by short-selling, as you would be owing the dividend to the person lending you the stock for the short sale. Finally, the price of the stock at the ex-dividend will also be affected by the supply and demand, such that you can't be precisely sure of the drop in price of the security.
There are several different participants in the transaction, and you may not be aware of all the issues: In some business (fast food) they are required to ask if you want to super size, they are expected to do this at every transaction, but aren't paid more if you buy more. The employee can also decide that too much pressure to up-sell may push you to purchase the item online. That will cost them a commission, the store location a sale, and maybe drive you to a different company. It is also possible they don't have the training to be able to explain the difference between the items.
National Document Shredding is a proud Australian owned and operated shredding company providing secure document destruction, security bins and paper shredding services. We have years of hands on experience in the industry, visit us now if you are looking for secure document shredding services.
I would go see a Lawyer no matter what. It's a form of a scam your parents are doing. Make sure it's YOUR name only on the title of the building if it is, then you have a MAJOR case against them. This is a form of Equity scam, in where you aren't really going to make hardly any money. Once you pay them that money towards the loan legally their stake needs to decrease according to what you said. ABSOLUTELY CONSULT A LAWYER!
"Putting them on line 10 is best suited for your situation. According to Quickbooks:  Commissions and Fees (Line 10) Commissions/fees paid to nonemployees to generate revenue (e.g. agent   fees). It seems like this website you are using falls under the term ""nonemployees""."

It sucks for them, but it sounds like they brought it on themselves. They didn't hire an attorney to correct their entirely misguided non-response to the problem, then proceeded to make every mistake in the noob book.  I 'kinda' feel sorry for them, even though they seemed to run their business in a completely unprofessional manner. If there's any truth in that rambling story, it sounds like they've managed to work themselves into an 'impossible to win' position.
I agree that the cause of the crash can make a huge difference in the effect on the bond market. Here's a few other possibilities: All that to say that there's no definitive answer as to how the bond market will respond to an equity crash.  Bonds are much more highly correlated to equities lately, but that could be due to much lower interest rates pushing more of the risk of bonds to the credit worthiness of the issuer, increasing correlation.
"Of the two, an option is a more reliable but more expensive means to get rid of a stock. As sdg said, a put option is basically an insurance policy on the stock; you pay a certain price for the contract itself, which locks in a sale price up to a particular future date. If the stock depreciates significantly, you exercise the option and get the contract price; otherwise you let the contract expire and keep the stock. Long-term, these are bad bets as each expired contract will offset earnings, but if you foresee a near-term steep drop in the stock price but aren't quite sure, a put option is good peace of mind. A sell stop order is generally cheaper, but less reliable. You set a trigger price, say a loss of 10% of the stock's current value. If that threshold is reached, the stop order becomes a sell order and the broker will sell the stock on the market, take his commission (or a fixed price depending on your broker) and you get the rest. However, there has to be a buyer willing to buy at that price at the moment the trigger fires; if a stock has lost 10% rapidly, it's probably on the way down hard, and the order might not complete until you realize a 12% loss, or a 15%, or even 20%. A sell stop limit (a combination stop order and limit order) allows you to say that you want to sell if the stock drops to $X, but not sell if it drops below $X-Y. This allows you to limit realized losses by determining a band within which it should be sold, and not to sell above or below that price. These are cheaper because you only pay for the order if it is executed successfully; if you never need it, it's free (or very cheap; some brokers will charge a token service fee to maintain a stop or stop limit). However, if the price drops very quickly or you specify too narrow a band, the stock can drop through that band too quickly to execute the sell order and you end up with a severely depreciated stock and an unexercised order. This can happen if the company whose stock you own buys another company; VERY quickly, both stocks will adjust, the buying company will often plummet inside a few seconds after news of the merger is announced, based on the steep drop in working capital and/or the infusion of a large amount of new stock in the buying company to cover the equity of the purchased company. You end up with devalued stock and a worthless option (but one company buying another is not usually reason to sell; if the purchase is a good idea, their stock will recover). Another option which may be useful to you is a swaption; this basically amounts to buying a put option on one financial instrument and a call on another, rolled into one option contract specifying a swap. This allows you to pick something you think would rise if your stock fell and exchange your stock for it at your option. For example, say the stock on which you buy this swaption is an airline stock, and you contract the option to swap for oil. If oil surges, the airline's stock will tank sharply, and you win both ways (avoiding loss and realizing a gain). You'd also win if either half of this option realized a gain over the option price; oil could surge or the airline could tank and you could win. You could even do this ""naked"" since its your option; if the airline's stock tanks, you buy it at the crashed price to exercise the option and then do so. The downside is a higher option cost; the seller will be no fool, so if your position appears to be likely, anyone who'd bet against you by selling you this option will want a pretty high return."
Have you tried your local panhandler? She/He will probably accept 50€ in small change.
&gt;Yes. The lack of insight and superficial treatment of the subject...  I am sure if you were a bit more specific in your first post it would have been more helpful. That remark left me wondering if you were attacking the author.   Anyway I think he made a few points clear though I felt the article missed a vital insight: *Uber doesn't have a sustainable competitive advantage in the long run.* They have been competing on price to beat Lyft that's why they had to resort to this cheap tactic. The illegal business model is a mere symptom.
Its been years since I lived there, but I found Seattle to be pretty expensive.  Housing costs seem out of line with expected salaries.  Coming from Puerto Rico you might be shocked how expensive it is to live there, and also how infrequently you see the sun. Your question is highly subjective.  One person would need 100K to cover those things you are talking about, while others would need less then 30K.  Also where you live in the Seattle area makes a difference.  Will you be in Redmond or Bothell?  Housing costs vary considerably. One nice thing about that part of the country is can be very inexpensive to vacation.  A fishing license, a packed lunch, and a bit of gas is all that is necessary to really enjoy that part of the country.   Back in the day I used to ski Steven's Pass during the week, and the lift tickets were a 1/3 of the weekend rate.  Having hiking/camping gear and or a bicycle is also a good way to enjoy life. Bottom line I would make a budget, and go from there.  If you intend on retiring in PR, then you would need a lot less then if you choose to remain in Seattle so even that is subjective. Perfect Example, Marysville, which is way out of town so a commute would be a problem.  However, unlike many parts south of Seattle, it is safe and nice.  ~200K for a 1200 sq ft home.  Holy cow.   Here in Orlando, figure about 130K for the same home with less of a commute.  And you will see the sun more than 5 days per year.
I think raising it is ok but not to 15 dollars thats ridiculous. I am a minimum wage worker i work 30 hours a week currently plus high school so from my point of view i think we should raise it by maybe 1× or 1.25. I only pay two bills a 125 dollar car payment and 240 insurance pluse my expenses for gas. Those are my only expenses that i can not cut and even after just that i have very little left to save. But with a dollar or so more an hour ot would increase my saving potential by alot and give me a little more breathing room.  I am an untrained and inexperienced qorker i do not deserve 15 an hour but i feel like 8.25-8.50 is reasonable.
Yup, 2 million paying customers per month seems far-fetched, although from experience my Mother is big into geneologly and easily drops 10-20$ per request at some of the other online registries. Old people = loads of time = loads of money, not very tech saavy, so it could be possible.
With number of Banks increasing every country at some point in time adopted an Identification code. In US these are called ABA number because they are allocated by American Bankers Association, in UK Sort Codes ... like wise for other countries. See list here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_code In some countries the numbers are given by Central Bank.   To enable internationl payments, the SWIFT body apart from message formats, allocated a  SWIFT BIC [Bank identification Code] so that Banks can be globally identified. Currently  IBAN being adopted in Europe & Australia to identify an Account [at a Bank] Uniquely across globe. In essence these number help uniquely identify a Location/Bank/Branch. The clearing house route the payments or collection instruments to the correct Bank on the basis of this number.
It's even worse than that.  When a whistleblower brought it up they were illegally fired and blacklisted from getting a job at any other bank as well.  https://boingboing.net/2016/10/31/wells-fargo-blackballed-employ.html  http://money.cnn.com/2017/07/21/news/wells-fargo-whistleblower-back-wages/index.html  The fact that nobody in Wells Fargo management is in jail and their sole punishment was a slap on the wrist (A few hundred million for a bank this size is pretty minor.  Their annual revenue is something like $15 Billion) is an absolute travesty.
"Sometimes an assumptions is so fundamentally flawed that it essentially destroys the relevance and validity of any modelling outputs.  ""Obviously, we're assuming the company can pay it back""  Is one of those assumptions.  The person gets a notes stating that they will get $525 'IN ONE YEAR' You need to divide $525/(1+Cost of Capital)^n n being the number of periods to find out what the note will be worth today.  Google 'Present Value of an Annuity' to deal with debt that is more complex than you have $500 now and give me $525 in a year..."
fine because the application was declined anyway. No it isn't fine. Credit card applications generally need a hard pull, so get it rectified. Firstly check if an application was really made on your behalf. Some companies use this ploy to pull you into a scheme of making you apply for a credit card. Secondly call up the credit card company and ask them about the details of who had made the application as you haven't done so and inform them that it was a fraudulent application. It might be somebody is using your personal details to do a identity theft in your name. Thirdly get in touch with the credit rating firms and see if a check has been made on your credit report. Dispute it if you see a check in your record and have it removed from your report. If you subscribe to credit agency, get the identity theft protection, helps you in such cases. And finally keep a diligent eye on your credit records from now on. Once bitten, twice shy.
1) It wasn't an oil rig - it was pipelines in the Midwest  2)It was insanely easy work - it required no education (half the crew I worked with were high school dropouts).  Most of it was mowing grass and weeds, digging, and using a metal detector like device.
Simply, you should put your money into whatever has the higher interest rate, savings or repayment of debt. Let's say at the beginning of month A you put $1000 into each account. In the case of the savings, at the end of month A you will have $1001.6 ($1000 + 1000 x 2% annual interest / 12) In the case of a loan, at the end of month A you will have $1005.7. ($17000 plus 6.8 interest for one month is 17096.3. On $16000, the new value is 16090.6.  The difference between these is $1005.7. 5.7 / 1.6 = 3.56 Therefore, using your money to repay your loan nets you a return about 3.5 times greater.
While I agree, I’d also add some skills require foundational knowledge. In the development space, many companies made the switch to Agile/DevOps without understanding the nuanced cultural shift that comes with it. In this case, companies oftentimes invest heavily into training and learning to rise the cumulative understanding so that teams can go actually practice it day to day.
We don't have a good answer for how to start investing in poland.  We do have good answers for the more general case, which should also work in Poland.  E.g. Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? This answer provides a checklist of things to do.  Let's see how you're doing:   Match on work pension plan. You don't mention this.  May not apply in Poland, but ask around in case it does.  Given your income, you should be doing this if it's available.   Emergency savings. You have plenty.  Either six months of spending or six months of income.  Make sure that you maintain this.  Don't let us talk you into putting all your money in better long term investments.   High interest debt. You don't have any.  Keep up the good work.   Avoid PMI on mortgage. As I understand it, you don't have a mortgage.  If you did, you should probably pay it off.  Not sure if PMI is an issue in Poland.   Roth IRA. Not sure if this is an issue in Poland.  A personal retirement account in the US.   Additional 401k. A reminder to max out whatever your work pension plan allows.  The name here is specific to the United States.  You should be doing this in whatever form is available.   After that, I disagree with the options.  I also disagree with the order a bit, but the basic idea is sound:  one time opportunities; emergency savings; eliminate debt; maximize retirement savings.  Check with a tax accountant so as not to make easily avoidable tax mistakes.   You can use some of the additional money for things like real estate or a business.  Try to keep under 20% for each.  But if you don't want to worry about that kind of stuff, it's not that important.  There's a certain amount of effort to maintain either of those options.  If you don't want to put in the effort to do that, it makes sense not to do this.   If you have additional money split the bulk of it between stock and bond index funds.  You want to maintain a mix between about 70/30 and 75/25 stocks to bonds.  The index funds should be based on broad indexes.  They probably should be European wide for the most part, although for stocks you might put 10% or so in a Polish fund and another 15% in a true international fund.   Think over your retirement plans.  Where do you want to live?  In your current apartment?  In a different apartment in the same city?  In one of the places where you inherited property?  Somewhere else entirely?  Also, do you like to vacation in that same place?   Consider buying a place in the appropriate location now (or keeping the one you have if it's one of the inherited properties).  You can always rent it out until then.  Many realtors are willing to handle the details for you.   If the place that you want to retire also works for vacations, consider short term rentals of a place that you buy.  Then you can reserve your vacation times while having rentals pay for maintenance the rest of the year.   As to the stuff that you have now:   Look that over and see if you want any of it.  You also might check if there are any other family members that might be interested.  E.g. cousins, aunts, uncles, etc.  If not, you can probably sell it to a professional company that handles estate sales.  Make sure that they clear out any junk along with the valuable stuff.   Consider keeping furniture for now.  Sometimes it can help sell a property.   You might check if you want to drive either of them.  If not, the same applies, check family first.  Otherwise, someone will buy them, perhaps on consignment (they sell for a commission rather than buying and reselling).   There's no hurry to sell these.  Think over whether you might want them.   Consider if they hold any sentimental value to you or someone else.  If not, sell them.  If there's any difficulty finding a buyer, consider renting them out.  You can also rent them out if you want time to make a decision.  Don't leave them empty too long.  There's maintenance that may need done, e.g. heat to keep water from freezing in the pipes.   That's easy, just invest that.   I wouldn't get in too much of a hurry to donate to charity.  You can always do that later.  And try to donate anonymously if you can.  Donating often leads to spam, where they try to get you to donate more.
really?  American airlines accepted the rules because they couldn't be bothered nor did they want the risks inherent in implementing security themselves.  This is the bargain they accepted so they wouldn't be sued out of existence post 9-11.  They basically dumped their fiduciary responsibility on the American taxpayer.
To get a good estimate, go here  or other similar sites and see.  But basically, yes, you can save yourself a whole lot of money just by paying extra every month.  One note though, do make sure you are specifying that you want the money to go towards principal, not escrow or toward prepaying interest.
"Yes. Your original fucking comment was that taxation and paying taxes is *moral*. Not that it is reality. If you had said ""We have to pay taxes as it stands now and if we don't we'll get thrown in jail."" I would have agreed.  But you waxed poetic about how it's the good, wholesome, moral thing to do. That is what I took issue with.  Do not make points if you refuse to defend them."
Insiders (those who are aware of non-public material information, not necessarily employees) are the ones who actually cannot sell once they learned about whatever, by law. Martha Stewart went to jail for that. Any such deviation from the norm triggers abnormal response and avalanche of rumors, so by default investors assume something bad and try to minimize the loss. When dealing with a tiny company (market cap of less than 15M) with a tiny market volume (6.2M), the swings can be very significant. For such a small company, it is safe to assume that something happened that lead them to delay the conference call, and since they didn't tell what happen, investors assume the worst. It might end up as the CEO and CFO having bad stomach after celebrating 100% growth in revenue they were going to announce, but you'll have to wait and see....
"amway brainwashes followers in to thinking that they are participating in the most sophisticated business in the world. Also they teach followers that people who either hate or question them is ""ignorant, narrow-minded haters who cannot adapt to advanced business"".   My friend is also stuck in Amway and he keeps telling me about his friend and family being ""jerks"" for criticizing him. Also they are like a cult because they always have a Amway meeting discussing business plans and they try to label anyone who tries to leave as ""traitors"". Also the fact that many quit jobs and lose friends for MLM and they already spent bunch of time and money makes it impossible to turn back."
Not at all alarmed.  I've cut out TV since 1999 and this antiquated business model deserves to collapse.  The only people I know who watch TV traditionally are over 60.  It is time for a new business model.
here is what I have learned with multiple close encounters with bankruptcies: ask yourself.. what if I save vs what if I spend? say you like a new shirt.. ask yourself what can you do saving $40 vs rewarding yourself/your well wishers right away? you will end up spending. just like you the other person needs money. he/she is doing a work. ask yourself what if you are in his/her situation. you would obviously want others to be happy. so spend. I think these two should be good. I must add that you should NOT be wasteful. Eg.. buying a handmade shoes vs corporation made shoes? choose handmade one because it fits above two. buying a corporate one would be more polluting and less rewarding because you just gave your money to someone who already has lots and cares least about you. in what way are you saying mortgage is good? I see that as a waste. you can pay back your mortgage only when someone takes even bigger mortgage (check with some maths before refuting)... in other words you have taken part in ponzi scheme.! I would suggest making a house vs buying one is better spending. finally spending is a best saving.. don't forget that you are getting money only because someone is spending wisely. stop feeding your money to corporates and interests and everyone will have plenty to spend.
"edit: it has been pointed out this is a false quote and that Lincoln actually said this:  As early as 1847 (lincoln) had written, ""To secure to each labourer the whole product of his labour, or as nearly as possible, is a most worthy object of any good government,"" which was remarkable for a prairie lawyer of that time. Speaking in New England in 1860, he praised the right to strike, as then being exercised by the shoemakers of Lynn. His clear assertion of the labor theory of value in the 1861 message ; ""Labor is prior to, and . . . superior to capital"" — and his answers to the addresses of workingmen abroad and at home gave a color of Marxism to his thinking. He was, surely, the best friend labor ever had in the White House.: source http://www.snopes.com/quotes/lincoln.asp"
Does it make sense for stocks to earn a premium indefinitely? Yes. There is good reason to think that the stock market will make money indefinitely: the stock market is the primary mechanism through which investors bear market risk, which requires compensation.  If you think of all the owners of firms (stockholders and bondholders, generally) the risk premium that stocks earn stocks is the way bondholders pay equityholders to bear the risk that they do not wish to. Will stock prices always go up in the long run? As long as companies pay out less in dividends than their profit, prices will go up.  That could change if we were to change our corporate culture and/or tax practices so that firms paid out more in dividends.  However, for the purposes of your question, I think it doesn't matter much whether the investor makes money as dividends or capital gains. Does the 5-7% guess apply only to the US market? I didn't write (nor read) the books in question, but most likely that is a global number.  The US dominates the global equity market, so it's often a good proxy.  However, international returns taken together have no less risk and earn no less over long horizons in general.  The particular examples you have pointed out are special cases that only apply to a part of the global economy and a particular time period.  There are plenty of examples of stock markets and time periods that did much better than the US market to offset your examples. Is 5-7% a reasonable long-term estimate of equity returns? Equity will always earn more in expectation than risk-free securities will.  How much more depends on major economic factors.  5-7% has been a good estimate for the market risk premium for many, many decades (stocks should earn this plus whatever the risk-free rate is).  However, that is just an empirical observation, not a rule.  It can change.  Some day technological progress could slow down or stop, we could run out of important resources in a way that we can't compensate for, our population permanently could stop growing, aliens could invade, etc.  Down the road it is certainly possible for expected equity returns to go down and never go back up again.  This would result from a permanent, global, economic shift that I think would be pretty obvious.  That is, you wouldn't have to look at stock prices to know it was happening.
"Free, huh? From their Commission and Fee Schedule:  So if you literally bought two shares, then the SEC added one penny in fees and FINRA added one penny as a ""Trading Activity Fee"" Note that there are several other fees on their schedule that may not apply to you. If you had bought 100 shares instead, your total fees would have still been only 2 cents, but you would have lost $4 on the trade.  So the fees are minuscule when you start doing larger orders.   However, That should not discourage you from experimenting and learning.  I'd rather pay 2 cents in fees on a 4 cent loss than 2 cents in fees on a $400 loss.  Just chalk it up to the cost of experience."
All value given to products is subjective and is different from person to person.  It can also vary for the same person from year to year, month to month, day to day, or even hour to hour as a person analyzes different products and prices to determine which imparts the most value to him or her at a given point in time. In regards to losing money in your investment accounts.  This reminds of a book I read on Jesse Livermore.  Jesse was a famous stock broker who made millions (in the 1920's so he would be a billionaire in today's money) in the stock market multiple times.  Jesse felt like  you - he felt like after a while the losses on paper did not seem to concern him as much as he thought it should.  He thought it was due to the investment accounts being simply being numbers on papers and not cold, hard cash. So what did Jesse do to remove the abstract nature of investment accounts?   From here: Livermore always sold out all his positions at the end of every year   and had the cash deposited in his account at the Chase Manhattan Bank.   Then he would arrange with the bank to have the money, in cash, in the   bank’s vault in chests. “There was a desk, a chair, a cot and an easy   chair in the middle of the cash.” On the occasion described in 1923,   there was $50 million in cash.  In the corner was a fridge with food,   enough for a few days. There was lighting installed. Then, like   Scrooge McDuck, Livermore would have himself locked in the vault with   his cash. He would stay a couple of days and “review his year from   every aspect.”  After his stay was over, he would fill his pockets with cash and go on   a shopping spree.   He would also take  a vacation and not re-enter   the market until February. But unlike Scrooge McDuck, this was not the act of a miser, explains   Smitten.  Livermore lived a world of paper transactions all year long.   He believed that “by the end of the year he had lost his perception of   what the paper slips really represented, cash money and ultimately   power.”  He “needed to touch the money and feel the power of cash.” It   made him re-appraise his stock and commodity positions. Imagine the $60,000 from your investment account sitting on your kitchen table.  Imagine seeing $1,000 dumped into the trash can one day.  I know I would appreciate the money much more seeing that happen.
The universal and common regulation of thumb for windsocks is as follows – sloping in the direction of the wind: 3 knots, half way extended: 7.5 knots and completely unmitigated: 15 knots or more. It is designed in bright and in colorful patterns. These are not predominantly efficient and more often than not for adornment, on the other hand they can be executed as a fundamental funnel to wind direction and speed.
"Work hard, be loyal, save your pennies and in the end? You get screwed.  Employees not getting what they were promised is only part of the problem. The more important issue is the death of the average worker's faith in the Capitalist system. The ""American Dream"" is now a cruel joke.  The bankers and right-wing wealthy are destroying America with their greed. And to anyone who would argue that it's the union that's to blame for being greedy, all I can do is point to the Pentagon budget and ask, ""Why is there plenty of money for useless war while Americans lose their homes?   Criminals with degrees in economics and foolish politicians are stealing from us all. My hope is that ""we the people"" drive them all to Hell some day soon."
&gt;The interesting thing for me - In Ireland's case they need to have a refurendum. I wonder if they will accept this?  It's not clear cut whether we need a referendum.  It's a common misconception that all Treaty changes require a referendum in Ireland. Not so. In Crotty v An Taoiseach it was accepted by the Supreme Court that joining the EEC (as it then was) involved getting on board a moving train and that even the assignment of new competences to Europe would not necessarily necessitate a referendum. Any change in the fundamental scope of the Union would however require a referendum. In that case the introduction of a Common Foreign and Security Policy and qualified majority voting was a change in scope and referendum was necessary.  In this case, it's hard to tell. The EU already has some competence in this area - its possible to levy fines etc for breaches of the stability and growth pact already. I couldn't predict how the Supreme Court would characterise giving the Court of Justice oversight in this area. They will feel presssure from many corners in this case as well - holding in favour of a referendum might be seen as threatening economic disaster, while holding against would undermine democratic legitimacy.  If there is a referendum, I predict it will go down like a lead balloon. Forcing the Lisbon Treaty on the electorate twice gave rise to enough resentment - botching the recovery and being seen to enforce austerity on the country made it worse. I imagine support for the EU is at an all time low in this country.
"**Tragedy of the commons**  The tragedy of the commons is an economic theory of a situation within a shared-resource system where individual users acting independently according to their own self-interest behave contrary to the common good of all users by depleting or spoiling that resource through their collective action. The concept and name originate in an essay written in 1833 by the Victorian economist William Forster Lloyd, who used a hypothetical example of the effects of unregulated grazing on common land (then colloquially called ""the commons"") in the British Isles. The concept became widely known over a century later due to an article written by the ecologist Garrett Hardin in 1968. In this context, commons is taken to mean any shared and unregulated resource such as atmosphere, oceans, rivers, fish stocks, or even an office refrigerator.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/finance/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24"
My experience with owning a home is that its like putting down roots and can be like an anchor holding you to an area.  Before considering whether you can financially own a home consider some of the other implications. Once you own it you are stuck for awhile and cannot quickly move away like you can with renting.  So if a better job opportunity comes up or your employer moves you to another office across town that doubles your commute time, you'll be regretting the home purchase as it will be a barrier to moving to a more convenient location.   I, along with my fiancée and two children, are being forced to move out of my parents home ASAP.  Do not rush buying a home.  Take your time and find what you want.  I made the mistake once of buying a home thinking I could take on some DIY remodeling to correct some features I wasn't fond of.  Life intervenes and finding extra time for DIY house updates doesn't come easy, especially with children.   Speaking of children, consider the school district when buying a home too.  Often times homes in good school districts cost more.  If you don't consider the school district now, then you may be faced with a difficult decision when the kids start school.   IF you are confident you won't want to move anytime soon and can find a house you like and want to jump into home ownership there are some programs that can help first time buyers, but they can require some effort on your part.  FHA has a first time buyer program with a 3.5% down payment.  You will need to search for a lender that offers FHA loans and work with them.  FHA covers this program by charging mortgage insurance every month that's part of your house payment. Fannie Mae has the HomeReady program where first time home buyers can purchase a foreclosed home from their inventory for as little as 3% down and possibly get up to 3% from the seller to apply toward closing costs.  Private mortgage insurance (PMI) is required with this program too.  Their inventory of homes can be found on the https://www.homepath.com/ website. There is also NACA, which requires attending workshops and creating a detailed plan to prove you're ready for homeownership.  This might be a good option if they have workshops in your area and you want to talk with someone in person. https://www.naca.com/about/
The article addresses market wages. Also, as others have pointed out, under the regular pay scheme jumping companies every couple of years so that you can get a salary that reflects your current skill set and responsibilities is the norm.
In the end, I was not required to pay the fee. After some frustrating initial attempts, I ended up writing a letter and sending a copy to card services, customer support, complaints and the legal department. It basically said: 1 - I never signed anything. 2 - I spoke to a very aggressive person at the airport who told me that she was just taking down my information in order to send information about the card, and that I was under no obligation 3 - I never received a card, activated a card, or used a card. 4 - I want this charge canceled immediately  5 - If this ever shows up on my credit report, I will contact my lawyer regarding this unscrupulous business practice. After that I received a notice in the mail confirming that everything had been cancelled and all charges were reversed.
"&gt; Most people are  ""Will this job make me popular?"" is a pretty uncommon consideration when making career choices.  There's no ""Jobs that Increase Your Popularity"" category on Monster.com!  ""How much will this job pay me?"" is, and will always remain, the most important consideration for people looking for a job."
Lol. What on earth are you talking about? I was not saying waaa poor janitor. I was saying in NY $112k is solidly middle class salary because janitors and cops and nurses and firemen and construction laborers make that salary. 529 plans help these typically middle class occupations to put money aside for college.
Actually, the EU alone supplies over 40% of all imported Russian fruit and chicken, with that number rising to over 85% in major cities.  Which makes sense, considering the EU is Russia's closest and most important trading partner. It looks like the Kremlin doesn't want it's people to know just how bad it's about to hurt them.
For a 401(k), only contributions that you make for the current tax year through payroll deduction are tax-deductible.  Those contributions are subtracted off of your income for your W-2 Box 1 income amount.  If you make a manual contribution to your 401(k) outside of that, it is not tax deductible, and there is nowhere on your Form 1040 to deduct it. Your commuter benefits are also paid for out of payroll deduction and deducted on your W-2, so this is not an option, either. You could contribute to a traditional IRA for last year up to your tax return deadline, and deduct the amount on Form 1040 Line 32.  However, because you have access to a retirement plan at work, your IRA contribution is only tax deductible if your income is below certain limits.
If a person owes someone money, he can be sued for it, and forced to pay via court order. It is completely irrelevant who that person owes money to (here: a not specified 'estate'), and irrelevant what source they get money from (here: life insurance payout). What makes you think there is any special combination that allows the owing person to not pay their debt? If it would exist, everybody would use it to get out of his debt.
I don't believe there is such a process.  My observation (i.e. my opinion) is that banks will have a level of security walls appropriate to the cost vs risk they experience. Since as Frazell says, your liability is limited for this type of fraud, you personally bear little if any risk.  If this fraud were common enough that the cost of your proposal outweighed the expense, they would implement it.  On a similar note. Credit card fraud can be reduced ten fold if a PIN were required for all purchases. The 3 digits on the back helps prove the card is there, and you just didn't steal the from 16 digits, but a 6-8 digit PIN required at point of sale would be tough for the thief to guess. How much software to do this would cost, I don't know, but the idea is brilliant, even if it's mine. 10 fold reduction, if not 100 fold. (Any bank guys reading?)
"From the perspective of a small business owner:  First there are no entry level positions.  There are only lower paying positions and higher paying positions.  Get the idea that employers are supposed to be your post secondary education out of your mind.  Replace that with working your ass off and impressing employers with your skill set.  The reality is I make a hiring decision based first on these two accounting factors. #1 How much do I have to invest in this person to make them effective #2 How long until this person is covering his/her own overhead and begin to turn a profit. Then you get into ""is this person going to fit with my team"" etc..  I am always going to choose the person that has the best return formula for my business.  Here's a hint, it's the same formula for choosing vendors and making capital purchases.  It's also the very same formula that my customers use when they consider buying from me.  Even a single person in my organization that doesn't fit that formula will cost me business through the loss of customers or not getting a customer we're going after.  For me it works, for candidates looking for a career guidance councilor, it does not. In the capitalist economy my job is to make sure the lights are on, the products or services are good, and your paycheck clears.  If you like me doing my job, then your job is to make me more money, keep my customers happy, and bring new customers to the company.  Entry level doesn't do that so there are no entry level jobs in my company."
One option is that the buyer brings cash and you together with the buyer go the bank where you have an account and deposit the money there - then the bank checks the cash and once the cash is accepted you no longer care if it was counterfeit. Once money is deposited you handle the keys.
They're both successful in their own manner and they both likely work hard, but with clearly different methods and goals. The guy who writes a few financial blog posts each week is still working hard to broaden his views and completely understand what he's writing on. It may take him only 2 hours to start and finish his post, but it takes days/weeks/months curating and understanding everything that went into it.
"Probably the most significant difference is the Damocles Sword hanging over your head, the Margin Call. In a nutshell, the lender (your broker) is going to require you to have a certain amount of assets in your account relative to your outstanding loan balance. The minimum ratio of liquid funds in the account to the loan is regulated in the US at 50% for the initial margin and 25% for maintenance margins. So here's where it gets sticky. If this ratio gets on the wrong side of the limits, the broker will force you to either add more assets/cash to your account t or immediately liquidate some of your holdings to remedy the situation. Assuming you don't have any/enough cash to fix the problem it can effectively force you to sell while your investments are in the tank and lock in a big loss. In fact, most margin agreements give the brokerage the right to sell your investments without your express consent in these situations. In this situation you might not even have the chance to pick which stock they sell. Source: Investopedia article, ""The Dreaded Margin Call"" Here's an example from the article: Let's say you   purchase $20,000 worth of securities   by borrowing $10,000 from your   brokerage and paying $10,000 yourself.   If the market value of the securities   drops to $15,000, the equity in your   account falls to $5,000 ($15,000 -   $10,000 = $5,000). Assuming a   maintenance requirement of 25%, you   must have $3,750 in equity in your   account (25% of $15,000 = $3,750).   Thus, you're fine in this situation as   the $5,000 worth of equity in your   account is greater than the   maintenance margin of $3,750. But   let's assume the maintenance   requirement of your brokerage is 40%   instead of 25%. In this case, your   equity of $5,000 is less than the   maintenance margin of $6,000 (40% of   $15,000 = $6,000). As a result, the   brokerage may issue you a margin call. Read more: http://www.investopedia.com/university/margin/margin2.asp#ixzz1RUitwcYg"
I graduated with a Computer Engineering degree in the mid 2000's, my first job out of school paid $70k. Every job I took after that increased my income 10-15%, and I jumped around *a lot*.   Anyway, the $250k jobs aren't really a SF thing, you can find them all over if you have enough experience (at least 10 years under your belt). I see $150-175k jobs all the time here in Dallas, if you factor in a generous 401k and other benefits you can get pretty darn close to $250k, and the cost of living here is pretty cheap.   I totally agree that the degree isn't all that important once you get started, that's why I encourage people to put effort into cultivating a professional network. Maintain your linkedin profile, and never stay with the same employer for more than 2 years. Jumping ship will give you new skills and greatly expand your professional network. It's not  particularly difficult unless you're an introvert (which lots of tech type folks are), but that just means you'll have to work a little harder at it.
Tax brackets refer to the range of taxable within which you fall. An income tax bracket usually refers to federal or state tax, not the combined rate. I have put here the tax brackets for 2016 for IRS and State of California.  https://www.irs.com/articles/2016-federal-tax-rates-personal-exemptions-and-standard-deductions  https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/2016-california-tax-rates-and-exemptions.shtml According to those, a taxable income of 100,000USD would fall in the 28% bracket for the IRS and 9.30% for State of California. The combined rate is therefore 37.3%. However, this does not mean you would pay 37,300USD. First of all, your applicable tax rate applies only for each dollar in your tax bracket (e.g. 28% * 8,849USD for IRS). Therefore, to calculate your combined taxes you would need to do:  Therefore, your effective tax rate would be much lower than the combined tax rate of 37.3%. Now do note that this is an example to illustrate tax brackets and is nowhere near the amount of taxes you would be required to pay because of various credits and deductions that you would be able to benefit from. Edit: As suggested in the comments, a note on marginal tax rate (referred to here as combined tax rate). This is the rate of taxes paid on an additional dollar of income. Here, every additional dollar of income would be taxed at 37.3%, leaving you with 62.7 cents.
There is no best way, you can send the money to India or invest into shares in US. It depends on the risk you are ready to take.
"The real answer is to talk to the bank. In the case of the last car loan I got, the answer is ""no"". When I asked them about rates, they gave me a printed sheet that listed the loan rates they offered based on how old the car was, period. I forget the exact numbers but it was like: New car: 4%, 1 year old: 4.5%, 2-3 years old 5%, etc.  I suspect that at most banks these days, it's not up to the loan officer to come up with what he considers reasonable terms for a loan based on whatever factors you may bring up and he agrees are relevant. The bank is going to have a set policy, under these conditions, this is the rate, and that's what you get. So if the bank includes the size of the down payment in their calculations, then yes, it will be relevant. If they don't, than it won't. The thing to do would be to ask your bank. If you're only borrowing $2000, and you've managed to save up $11,000, I'd guess you can pay off the $2,000 pretty quickly. So as Keshlam says, the interest rate probably isn't all that important. If you can pay it off in a year, then the difference between 5% and 1% is only $80. If you're buying a $13,000 car, I can't imagine you're going to agonize over $80. BTW I've bought two cars in the last few years with about half the cost in cash and putting the rest on my credit card. (One for me and one for my daughter.) Then I paid off the credit card in a couple of months. Sure, the interest rate on a credit card is much higher than a car loan, but as it was only for a few months, it made very little real difference, and it took zero effort to arrange the loan and gave me total flexibility in the repayment schedule. Credit card companies often offer convenience checks where you pay like 3% or so transaction fee and then 0% interest for a year or more, so it would just cost the 3% up front fee."
"Can an employer force a person to take a stock?   From what I understand an employer can only offer stock options, doesn't that mean that the employee has to exercise that option in order for the stock to be valid?  Would it be legal to fire me for refusing a bonus?  Furthermore would owning stock necessarily make you an ""owner"" for the purposes of said law?"
Oh that's bullshit, it was at 12% when Obama took office. Oh fyi, just in case you don't comprehend, all the job growth is still from Obamas budget. Meaning the stimulus, and social spending is from Obama.  Although we will ignore that, we will ignore that it was at 6.8% in 2014, 5.5% in 2015, and 4.8% in 2016.
Let’s try the more straightforward approach again:  The current state of Economics doesn’t take into consideration the human condition.  As you have done yourself, it refuses to even admit that the human condition should be a factor it considers.  But when humans are in dire straights, we find their economic position is pitted directly against their human condition.  Which of these two will win?  Hint: Not the current economic system, unless it starts accounting for and being tolerant of the human condition.  How could I possibly know that?  Humans created the economic system.  It is not an innate part of their condition, contrary to what many would suggest.  When faced with two opposing forces, humans will ALMOST always destroy the weaker of the two, to end the conflict.  Humans can not destroy the human condition.  Feelings DO have an impact on the economy.  Trust and loyalty, love and hate, all impact it.  When we let the economy lead to suffering, we design its own downfall.  If the economic system could, instead, be seen as ONLY a trade structure that backs off when other influences come to bear, it could survive.  But the current Capitalist structure tries to place money above all else.  So of course it is seeing problems.
Is this even legal? How can a bank refuse to deposit legal tender in   the United States? Legal for all debts, public or private, doesn't mean quite what I used to think, either.  Per The Fed: This statute means that all United States money as identified above is   a valid and legal offer of payment for debts when tendered to a   creditor. There is, however, no Federal statute mandating that a   private business, a person, or an organization must accept currency or   coins as payment for goods or services. Private businesses are free to   develop their own policies on whether to accept cash unless there is a   state law which says otherwise. Yes, they can refuse loose change. Also, they aren't refusing your deposit, just requiring that it be rolled. What do I do with my change? I do not want to spend the time rolling   it, and I am not going to pay a fee to cash my change. There aren't many other options, change is a nuisance. I believe Coinstar machines reduce/remove their fee if you exchange coins for gift cards, so that might be the best option for convenience and retaining value.
Yes. It seems to me you got it right.  On my site, Stock Options Cafe, my last post was an illustration of a bullish call spread. In this case, I bought a 50 call, and sold the 60 call. This is a debit order as I was paying money, not collecting a new premium.
At Bella Vista Wedding, you will find professional &amp; skilled wedding videographer &amp; cinematographer in Virginia, Maryland &amp; Washington DC. With having 10 years of experience in the industry, we are passionate &amp; known for creating high quality, highly diverse wedding videos.
"What does your comment have to do with my comment? You say ""Apple only designs stuff"" as if that has some bearing on their net worth. Right now Apple's stock is worth about as much as *Google and Microsoft combined*, and they're sitting on about 60B in *cash*. They are *extremely* wealthy. They could do absolutely nothing for a very very long time and still stay in business."
The Sears CEO, Eddie Lampert, is an Ayn Rand fanatic.  [This is what happens when you take Ayn Rand seriously](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/making-sense/column-this-is-what-happens-when-you-take-ayn-rand-seriously)  In 2008, Sears CEO Eddie Lampert decided to restructure the company according to Rand's principles.  Lampert broke the company into more than 30 individual units, each with its own management and each measured separately for profit and loss. The idea was to promote competition among the units, which Lampert assumed would lead to higher profits. Instead, this is what happened, as described by Mina Kimes, a reporter for Bloomberg Business:  An outspoken advocate of free-market economics and fan of the novelist Ayn Rand, he created the model because he expected the invisible hand of the market to drive better results. If the company's leaders were told to act selfishly, he argued, they would run their divisions in a rational manner, boosting overall performance.  Instead, the divisions turned against each other — and Sears and Kmart, the overarching brands, suffered. Interviews with more than 40 former executives, many of whom sat at the highest levels of the company, paint a picture of a business that's ravaged by infighting as its divisions battle over fewer resources.  A close-up of the debacle was described by Lynn Stuart Parramore in a Salon article from 2013:  It got crazy. Executives started undermining other units because they knew their bonuses were tied to individual unit performance. They began to focus solely on the economic performance of their unit at the expense of the overall Sears brand. One unit, Kenmore, started selling the products of other companies and placed them more prominently than Sears' own products. Units competed for ad space in Sears' circulars…Units were no longer incentivized to make sacrifices, like offering discounts, to get shoppers into the store.  Sears became a miserable place to work, rife with infighting and screaming matches. Employees, focused solely on making money in their own unit, ceased to have any loyalty to the company or stake in its survival.  We all know the end of the story: Sears share prices fell, and the company appears to be headed toward bankruptcy. The moral of the story, in Parramore's words:  What Lampert failed to see is that humans actually have a natural inclination to work for the mutual benefit of an organization. They like to cooperate and collaborate, and they often work more productively when they have shared goals. Take all of that away and you create a company that will destroy itself.
Optimism, the art of seeing the good in most things and expecting good things in the future, will help you in your real estate agent career. While knowledge, experience and social skills are all very important parts of the agent's profession, optimism is something that builds confidence in yourself etc.
"Nothing ""happens"" to it. It works the same way regardless of whether you are a U.S. citizen or resident or not. Taxes and penalties work the same way on withdrawal. That said, if you are not in the U.S. and don't have any income in the U.S. in a particular year in the future, you can take advantage of the fact that your U.S. tax that year will probably be zero. Then, if you withdraw a little bit, even if they count as taxable income, your U.S. income will still be so low that it may be under your personal exemption, or if not at least it will be taxed in the lowest tax bracket."
In the United States Short-term capital gains are taxed at rates similar to regular income which is 25% if you make less than $91,000 and 28% if you make more than that but less than $190,000. If you make more than $190,000 then the rate is 33%. If you hold the stock for a year or more than the tax rate is 15%, unless your income is less than $33,000 in which case there is no tax on long-term gains. As a general rule, the way to make money is to stay out of debt, so I cannot advise you to assume a mortgage. Financially you are better off investing your money. Much like you I bought a house with a mortgage using about $30,000 in a down payment about 20 years ago and I paid it off a few years ago. If I had to do it over again, I would have bought a shack (a steel building) for $30,000 and lived in that and invested my income. If I had done that, I would be about $500,000 richer today than I am now.
"I'd start by asking yourself why you need a business plan. Is it for you, or for raising funds?  If it's for you, I'd distinguish between ""writing a business plan"" and ""business planning."" Not the same thing - there are much more time-efficient ways to do the latter, such as Business Model Generation and Customer Development.  If you're fund-raising, the content of your plan will depend on if you're seeking investment or bank loans. Being clear about the purpose of your plan, and the stage of your business, will help people better answer your question."
if the deposit earned interest, you could be liable for taxes on the interest earned. If it ended up in a checking account, then you will not be liable for any taxes since checking accounts do not earn interest anyway. Your bank may inquire about where these transfers are coming from and question the legality of it.
Fisher Capital Management:    Boiler Room     Neighborhood: Logan Square 2210 N. California Ave. Chicago, IL 60647 773-276-5625http://www.boilerroomlogansquare... Photos User Photos   Update/correct listing | Upload your photo Hours: 4 p.m.-2 a.m. Monday-Friday; noon-3 a.m. Saturday; noon-2 a.m. Sunday Cuisine: Pizza Meals Served: Dinner and Lunch Reservations: Not Accepted Alcohol: Full Bar Admission Price: No cover Bar Style: Neighborhood More Details » Add to favorites Add to playlist View Menu Russ and Desiree Grant (Street Side, Northside) again teamed up with Michael Noone (their partner atSimone's) to open Boiler Room. Like its Pilsen sibling, the bar has an industrial, eco-friendly aesthetic courtesy of reclaimed materials cobbled together by design firm Alter Ego. Bartenders serve cheap, hipster-approved drafts, craft brews and a tasty selection of cocktails. An open kitchen equipped with a Roto-Flex pizza oven cranks out huge thin-crust pies with seasonal toppings, sold by the whole pie or slice. The neighborhood is the focus here, so expect affordable price points (that means few drinks over $8) and a rock n' roll vibe (we love the $7.50 pizza-PBR-Jameson shot combo served daily). Hit the ATM before you arrive -- it's cash-only.
It’s more convenient for both you and the bank; its much simpler to handle things electronically than it is to go through paperwork. Also, its eco-friendly and by saying that they care about the environment, banks earn brownie points with environmentally-conscious customers.
I think we're talking across each other.  I'm saying the behavior justifies an investigation.  You're saying there's no evidence of collusion.  Fine, we're both right.  I'm glad the special prosecutor is gathering more facts.  One more piece of data....  https://www.google.com/amp/amp.nationalreview.com/article/449376/donald-trump-jr-e-mails-proof-trump-campaign-attempted-collusion-russia  These guys do say that oppo research is not a contribution (which you also stated).  I still don't buy it.
As I have told you, again and again and again, the government is actively enabling the wealthy with anti-competitive policies. I literally spelled it out for you in my previous comment. The wealthy get wealthier through cronyism.  Look at Amazon. Besos is quickly becoming the wealthiest man in the world, if he isn't already. How'd he get there, you might ask?  https://www.postaltimes.com/postalnews/why-the-post-office-gives-amazon-special-delivery/  This is not gonna get solved by giving the government more power. We've given the government so much power already and its only gotten worse!
I'm the equivalent of the FED at ROBLOX. I run a virtual economy there worth millions of dollars. Even though we are in the business of printing our own money, we've seen much more stability in our currency than in the USD. It actually appreciates over time. I don't think it would make a good investment though, nor would any of the online virtual currencies that I am aware of.
A trillion dollars just to have not solve anything up to this point and to send our nation into an opiate epidemic due to the insane increase in the amount of poppy fields in Afghanistan (something that was outlawed under even the Taliban) because they refuse to let them grow cotton due to the fact it would compete with US grown cotton.
You should check with your broker. I asked my broker a similar question just 2 weeks ago. With their market orders they will be filled within 3 points from the current market bid/ask. If there is any remaining it will be placed as a limit order at 3 points away from the bid/ask price. For example, if the current ask is 100 @ $1.00 followed by 500 @ $1.01, 300 @ $1.02 and 100 @ $1.03; if you were to place a buy market order for 1000 shares you would get 100 filled at $1.00, 500 filled at $1.01, 300 filled at $1.02 and 100 filled at $1.03.  If, on the other hand, you were to place a buy market order for 2000 shares you would get 100 filled at $1.00, 500 filled at $1.01, 300 filled at $1.02 and 100 filled at $1.03, with the remaining 1000 of your order being placed as a limit order at $1.03. Again, check with your broker, as they may be different in how they treat their market orders.
I didn't mean to imply that the perceived value of a company on the stock market somehow proved that the companies had not lost capital or value. But it sure is a clear datapoint to juxtapose against all of the other hard facts in play. Often, the stock market isn't wrong... even if it may lag. If these companies have all this loss, is that baked into the current price? But again I was just merely grasping for the details from the plethora of sources given. I surely missed the real meat of the data.
Yeah, I am Canadian and my professor is a big believer in Warren Buffet style valuation. Both of these probably play into his love for the CBV as well as having a couple former students who have it. I think I will start with the CFA and get the CBV if I think it is necessary. I have already started to study for the CFA, I downloaded the schweser notes. Hoping to take it in June after I graduate.
&gt; Darling, if you are not a fan of Hillary (and the current DNC?), than why are you against Trump, who is not even career GOP politician?  I have already addressed this stupid idea that someone HAS to like one or the other. Literally the post you just replied to. Both can be (and are) terrible.   If you go back and actually read the words I've said in this thread, I've cited numerous things that prove that Trump has no idea what he's doing.  If you weren't so busy covering your ears and pretending that you haven't already been proven wrong in this very thread, maybe you wouldn't have missed it.   Since you obviously have trouble with your reading comprehension, I won't repeat them again, as to not confuse you. Just scroll up.
It's perfectly consistent with capitalism. Through the process of the market, not every resource is used most productively, ie there is always going to be waste somewhere in some form, but the goal of maximum productivity is still what is practically desired by entrepreneurs.   I only brought up the govt job example to show an instance of unproductive work versus productive work, not to relate anything to government funded employment per se.
"If you are a permanent resident (and it wasn't taken away or abandoned), then you are a resident alien for U.S. tax purposes. (One of the two tests for being a resident alien is the ""green card test"".) Being a resident alien means all your worldwide income is subject to U.S. taxes, regardless of where you live or work. That doesn't necessarily mean you need to actually pay taxes on your income again if you've already paid it -- you may be able to use the Foreign Tax Credit to reduce your taxes by the amount already paid to a foreign government -- but you need to report it on U.S. tax forms just like income from the U.S., and you can then apply any tax credits that you may qualify for. As a resident alien, you file taxes using Form 1040. You are required to file taxes if your income for a particular year is above a certain threshold. This threshold is described in the first few pages of the 1040 instructions for each year. For 2013, for Single filing status under 65, it is $10000. The only way you can legally not file is if your income the whole year was below this amount. You should go back and file taxes if you were required to but failed to. Having filed taxes when required is very important if you want to naturalize later on. It is also one component of demonstrating you're maintaining residency in the U.S., which you're required to do as a permanent resident being outside the U.S. for a long time, or else you'll lose your permanent residency. (Even filing taxes might not be enough, as your description of your presence in the U.S. shows you only go there for brief periods each year, not really living there. You're lucky you haven't lost your green card already; any time you go there you run a great risk of them noticing and taking it away.)"
There is no simple, legally reasonable, way for her to build equity by helping out with your mortgage, without her having a claim to your mortgage. The only 'equitable' thing she can do is rent from you.  If you want her to be building equity, have her start and fund a brokerage account for herself. If you have an affinity for real estate, have her buy REITs in said investment account.
You can open Savings Bank Account with some Banks that offer better interest rate. Note there would be restriction on number of withdrawals in quarter. There are better interest rates if you lock in for 90+ days. The other option to explore is to open a Demat / Brokrage account and invest in liquid funds. Note depending on various factors it may or may not suite your requirements.
What makes you think corporations don't have to pay sales taxes or property taxes (or excise taxes, or environmental impact fees or fuel taxes or any of a million other taxes that we all end up paying) even if they lose money that year?
If WMT actually acts on this threat, WMT could be screwed. AMZ has an opportunity here and one they will likely jump on. Pay the truckers some % more to side with AMZ over WMT or hell, give them a multi-year deal - AMZ can eat that expense if it means hurting WMT. End result is WMT has delayed/late/expensive shipments and this hurts their bottom line even more. These are dangerous tactics for sure.
Your credit score is definitely affected by the age of your credit accounts, so if you frequently close one card and open another new one, you're adversely affecting the overall average age of accounts.  This is something to consider and whether it is worth what you're trying to achieve. Sometimes, if you're a good customer and are insistent enough, you can simply call your credit card company and use the threat of closing your account in favor of another card that offers something attractive to get your current bank to sweeten its incentives to keep your business.  I know many people who've done this with real success, and they spare themselves the hassle of obtaining a new card and suffering the short term consequences on their credit report.  This might be an avenue worth trying before you just close the account and move on. I hope this helps. Good luck!
"I've watched a few of their series - House of Cards, Glow, and The Man in the High Castle.  So I see where they're going with it.    I do want to stress that I was here to respond to the OP's contention that Netflix was there to blow out ""regular competitors"" then ""jack prices"".  I didn't see it that way."
If you are facing the same problem after installing the latest version of the software then follow the guide given below by Adobe support to resolve the issues related to the online games. If you are not able to follow the procedure successfully, you can take help from the Adobe tech helpline number Canada 1-844-888-3870.
no that's not what i'm saying.  I've been making the reports, running the stress tests and Movar for the past 2 risk managers.  I have a BS in Economics and Business Administration so i'm not really a hard core finance guy.  like our first RM was one of the people in the 70s that basically created futures for oil.  our last guy was a french dude from EDF.  I just feel that i lack their experience and i really don't wanna fuck up so im asking people with more experience perhaps to point the way for me.  books, programs, classes etc.   Also i think you mistaken my comment about having no idea was on the Crystal Ball sofware.  Im mainly a VBA and SQL guy, but i guess to run monte carlo sims i need to learn crystal ball
I'm on my phone so this may of been a response but what you're taking about is paying the studios that produce content directly, cutting out the middle man aka cable service. They're doing everything they can to prevent including lobbying for internet / intellectual-property restricting legislature world wide
This does not make any sense to me.  These things are our food.  We raise them simply to slaughter them and eat them, yet for some reason, we should be nice to them?  It makes no sense at all.  Who cares if they are kicked, beaten, degraded, humiliated?  They are our food.
&gt; seems determined to blow up the deficit, just has the last Republican president did. And the Republican before that.  It's the only sensible thing the Republicans do.    Deficit spending is stimulus, and that increases the prosperity of the public.    They do it to try and provide cover for allowing the wealthy to gut our economy.  What we need is to embrace stimulus wholeheartedly and then shift the entirety of the tax burden onto the wealthy.
Short answer: the CD can be considered as part of the down payment calculations. they will want a plan to cash them in the last days or weeks before settlement. When approving you for a mortgage they will be looking at: They now know what you can afford to dedicate to this new property every month. They take into account principal, interest, taxes, insurance and the HOA fee. They will then look at how much money you will use as a down payment. They want this money to exist before applying, and they will check on its existence in the last days before settlement.  The best is cash sitting in a bank. But it can also be money in savings bonds, or a CD, but they will want a plan for cashing that in just before settlement.  They won't be comfortable with it being in a volatile account such as stocks especially if the current balance is exactly what you need for a mortgage that won't be closed for 3 more months. Because people use money they borrow from their 401K for a home purchase, it is possible to use money from volatile account. They will want to see a plan for getting money from these accounts just before settlement.
You can have a new ISA every financial year. As long as you don't take out any other ISA in the financial year that starts next week, you can use a help-to-buy ISA as your ISA for 2015/16. Existing ISAs taken out in earlier financial years will have no effect on that.
Traditionally options expired on the 3rd Wednesday of the months of Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec as this day was never a holiday. See IMM dates. However as option use exploded there were monthly and weekly options created on different schedules. The exchange will specify when its options expire in the contract.
"we can then start taking penalty free withdrawals from it? There's no ""we"" in IRA. There's ""I"". That stands for ""Individual"". So your wife's age has no influence whatsoever on your ability to make qualified distributions from your IRA. The reason courts order distributions from IRAs is due to the community property laws of various States or other considerations that make spouses entitled to the amounts in the IRAs. However, you're talking about family law here, not tax law. For Federal tax purposes, a distribution ordered by the court doesn't trigger penalty (but is taxable), but any other distribution has to follow the regular qualification criteria."
It definitely does.  Part of the misinformation the GMO PR puts out is that there's a difference without specifying they are both non-GMO.  Organic is non-GMO.  The difference is that organic goes a step further and removes synthetic pesticides, fertilizers, and growth hormones (which is a problem for meats and dairy) in addition to GMOs.
Call centre solution providers will efficiently serve customers, while keeping overheads low. They can efficiently manage not just the regular inbound calls, but also make the outbound calls to promote your products and services which further lead your trade to the path of success.
It amazes me how supposedly literate people just don't think about the wider context of what they are writing. I mean they're trying to sell this aspirational bullshit with absolutely zero critical understanding of where wealth comes from and why.
"Finding the ""optimal"" solution (and even defining what optimal is) would probably take a lot of searching of all the possible combinations of stocks you could buy, given that you can't buy fractional shares. But I'd guess that a simple ""greedy"" algorithm should get you close enough. For any given portfolio state, look at which stock is furthest below the target size - e.g. in your example, S3 is 3.5% away whereas S1 is only 3.1% away and S2 is over-sized. Then decided to buy one stock of S3, recalculate the current proportions, and repeat until you can't buy more stocks because you've invested all the money. If you have to pay a transaction fee for each kind of stock you purchase you might want to calculate this in larger lot sizes or just avoid making really small purchases."
No no, not at all. I'm saying that Bezos, as head of Amazon, should work to improve workers conditions using his influence as founder / chairman / CEO of Amazon. Which is a longer winded way of saying *Amazon* should improve workers conditions.   I think it's great that he's looking to give some of his money away to charity. I think it's rather hypocritical to do that whilst being accused of low employee welfare conditions mind you, but it's certainly better than nothing!   If I'm still not coming across correctly, let me slip into hyperbole and extremes. Let's say a Victorian factory owner employs children in dangerous and gruelling work, 14 hours a day and they get fired if they are ill. But with the money he makes from the factory, he gives some of it to a children's hospital! I mean, that's great, but hey, what about instituting change at the factory too, if you really care about society?  I think that last paragraph detracts from my point actually but I've written it out so I'll leave it there.
There are, of course, many possible financial emergencies. They range from large medical expenses to losing your job to being sued to major home or car repairs to who-knows-what. I suppose some people are in a position where the chances that they will face any sort of financial emergency are remote. If you live in a country with national health insurance and there is near-zero chance that you will have any need to go outside this system, you are living with your parents and they are equipped to handle any home repairs, you ride the bus or subway and don't own a car so that's not an issue, etc etc, maybe there just isn't any likely scenario where you'd suddenly need cash. I can think of all sorts of scenarios that might affect me. I'm trying to put my kids through college, so if I lost my job, even if unemployment benefits were adequate to live on, they wouldn't pay for college. I have terrible health insurance so big medical bills could cost me a lot. I have an old car so it could break down any time and need expensive repairs, or even have to be replaced. I might suddenly be charged with a crime that I didn't commit and need a lawyer to defend me. Etc. So in a very real sense, everyone's situation is different. On the other hand, no matter how carefully you think it out, it's always possible that you will get bitten by something that you didn't think of. By definition, you can't make a list of unforeseen problems that might affect you! So no matter how safe you think you are, it's always good to have some emergency fund, just in case. How much is very hard to say.
If you get somewhat of a discount appraisal you're probably not going to save much money, and given the (probable) size of your investment you might as well pay the extra money.  You'll learn something about the market or investment anyway.  Maybe it will open you up to some new ideas like trying to flip the property or pulling out some equity to go after more properties.
Thank the gods, you have restored my faith in every profession, everywhere! There is nobility in everything and I will never again refer to my own industry in anything less than a divine manner, even in the most trying of times. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;  It's Saturday night. I regret checking my messages. I'm goin' out.
You make it seem as if we aren't in the early/mid stages of a credit bubble already. Market is filled to the brim with easy credit. 2 years at the most is where I have it set to start rearing its ugly head.
Not to be an asshole but the fact you are even asking the above tells me any form of financial service may not be for you.  How the fuck can you be licensed and not have a basic understanding of what it means? And even further, that rules for doing/not doing are much more determined by individual jobs and firm rules than by some industry exam.  You have confirmed my belief that our industry licensing is equivalent to a food handler's card, thank you.
Well the article did mention that if you continually beat your bookmaker you're likely to get rejected in future which is hilarious, but personally I have actually bet on sports and I've found that it's a fairly easy game to win at if you don't go for bets with huge odds and I don't think I've ever placed a bet where after I lost and said 'what the hell just happened'. I only really bet on rugby and soccer though, so team sports may be a bit less prone to corruption from the bookmakers.  I'm not saying I think this is a safe way to do business though, I don't think day trading is either. I think they are both speculation. I just think that sports betting has a lot more for a speculator to work with before they develop a strategy.   For instance, I always bet on New Zealand winning a rugby game, their players line up as the top in their respective positions and their game strategy essentially has the rules of the game exploited to the maximum. All of the data on this team based on their past performance is actually applicable to their future performance, skilled players usually continue to be so up till a certain age, skilled coaches who stay in their position mean no variation in team strategy. That makes me feel confident that even though New Zealand might lose a game here or there,  that they will continue to be winners, and even though the gains on their wins aren't much, consistently winning with them over time builds up to a nice bit of profit.   With day trading in the stock market, so much of the variation in prices is due to non accounting fundamentals, and even though historical data can be useful we know that investor sentiment, secret information, and a myriad of other factors mean that unless you are extremely experienced or have a natural eye for reading markets that most traders will lose. I know developing strategies do work for some people, but I think I've seen it said on this sub a couple times that 'trading strategies work - until they don't.' I only speak as a uni student who has limited research beyond Bloomberg articles etc... but from what I can tell, the majority of day traders lose money eventually, and even with AI, the profits are only noteable when the capital input is extremely high.   Sports events can't really be swung by the confidence of supporters, and yes corruption is rampant in sports as with every industry, but at least the data you have tells a fairly good story about where the bets will head in the future.
AMZN is the new Wal-Mart for digital age it can make any acquisition it wants to move into new markets. They can hire away all the key people in pharmacy   industry with the knowledge and  talent. if you think amazon can’t streamline the distribution of medicine your naive.
True, I'm more concerned with the fingerprinting personally. If it ever became a way to identify people or target people.   With social media and businesses logging everyones personal information. I'm willing to bet 99.9% of us have all of our info out there somewhere except perhaps ssn's (probably not as high but closer than we think)
"Since this is your emergency fund, you generally want to avoid volatility while keeping pace with inflation.  You really shouldn't be looking for aggressive growth (which means taking on some risk).  That comes from money outside of the emergency fund. The simplest thing to do would be to shop around for a different savings account.  There are some deals out there that are better than ING.  Here is a good list. The ""traditional"" places to keep an emergency fund are Money Market Mutual Funds (not to be confused with Money Market Accounts).  They are considered extremely safe investments.  However, the returns on such a fund is pretty low these days, often lower than a high-yield online savings account. The next step up would be a bond fund (more volatility, slightly better return).  Pick something that relies on Government bonds, not ""high-yield"" (junk) bonds or anything crazy like that. Fidelity Four in One comes pretty close to your ""index of indexes"" request, but it isn't the most stable thing.  You'd probably do better with a safer investment."
Possible (unlikely) reasons: But usually, yeah, if you can pay cash, you should.
I feel like as millennials rise and become the next round of CEOs they'll already have more core knowledge than what a current traditional CEO has around concepts of technology. To me this is just the natural evolution of the CEO.    As far as current CEO's, ya great learn some tech stuff, however it won't really skyrocket them in my opinion (don't get me wrong, if you're CEO of Apple or Google, I'm going to guess you know some tech stuff). However for non-tech industries, if current CEO's want to learn more about tech I think that's great but, most of them still won't get it, they'll just say the normal buzzwords and enough to get by. Then a CTO/CIO will step up. Also one risk here is, you get a CEO who wants to learn tech or gets a wild hair and then they think they know everything and then the backsliding begins, I actually worked at a company that went this direction because a CEO learned about a new product that would replace our backend processing software and wanted everyone to start converting to it, then the CIO had to come in and take reins.
"I took computer science in college so to be fair I can't call myself an engineer...  I figured it wouldn't matter, but apparently engineer is a protected term.  Which begs the question why 6 out of 7 computer science bachelor degrees in the university here don't officially make you an engineer. What are those web, application, software, systems, math orientated, game, ""general"", and art degrees are good for...?  Or does no one know this and everyone is applying to engineer positions and being titled engineer without being one...?  But you are correct. They do start at 60k. Funny thing though, I traded starting salary information with 6 different co-graduates. I actually got paid the most. 32-37k starting salary for associate in computer science."
This is a bit complicated because of all the moving parts, but is a little simpler because the two warrants are now publicly traded.  The main rule appears to be that your cost should be apportioned into the bases for the pieces you received by the proportions of the prices established in the market on the first day of trading in which they trade separately (source: costbasis.com).  Since the A and B GM warrants began trading in March 2011 (at least that's what a quick search shows), use their prices and the GM price on the same day to establish the proportions.  You also must include the factor of how much of each piece you received for each of your bonds. So, for example, if the prices of GM, WSA, and WSB, were $32, $23, and $17 on the first day of trading, and you got 3 shares GM, 2 A warrants, and 1 B warrant for your bonds, their worth on first day of separate trading would be: and so the proportion of your bond cost to be allocated to your A warrants, for instance, would be 46/159 or about 28.9% using these example figures. The small dribbles of additional securities you have received already, I would include in the calculation above, and if you in the future receive any further dribbles, I would assign them a basis of $0 (as your full bond cost would have already been completely allocated).
An auto title loans are typically utilized by those that wish to obtain a funding with bad credit rating or no credit in any way. An auto-mobile title lending frequently called a vehicle title lending or merely title funding as well as pink slip funding’s. You merely should have a vehicle that is paid off or nearly paid off and also you could make use of the auto title as security to obtain the cash money you require, enabling you to continue driving your vehicle while paying your loan.   Get Auto Title Loans in Hemet CA and nearby cities Provide Car Title Loans, Auto Title Loans, Mobile Home Title Loans, RV/Motor Home Title Loans, Big Rigs Truck Title Loans, Motor Cycle Title Loans, Online Title Loans Near me, Bad Credit Loans, Personal Loans, Quick cash Loans   Contact Us: Get Auto Title Loans Hemet CA 7210 Simpson Road,  Hemet, CA 92545 951-330-3101 hemetgatl@gmail.com http://getautotitleloans.com/car-and-auto-title-loans-hemet-ca/
Given that SpaceX is actually operating for revenue now, it would seem like they don't need to go public just for access to capital.  Therefore, it would make sense for it to go public when it is more valuable to someone else than it is to Elon Musk but I don't see him having intentions to sell right now.  However, if SpaceX became worth many billions of dollars or if there is a crisis at Tesla requiring Elon to inject capital there, those are the scenarios where I could see him IPOing SpaceX.
"The game is not zero sum. When a friend and I chop down a tree, and build a house from it, the house has value, far greater than the value of a standing tree. Our labor has turned into something of value.  In theory, a company starts from an idea, and offers either a good or service to create value. There are scams that make it seem like a Vegas casino. There are times a stock will trade for well above what it should. When I buy the S&P index at a fair price for 1000 (through an etf or fund) and years later it's 1400, the gain isn't out of someone else's pocket, else the amount of wealth in the world would be fixed and that's not the case. Over time, investors lag the market return for multiple reasons, trading costs, bad timing, etc. Statements such as ""90% lose money"" are hyperbole meant to separate you from your money. A self fulfilling prophesy.   The question of lagging the market is another story - I have no data to support my observation, but I'd imagine that well over 90% lag the broad market. A detailed explanation is too long for this forum, but simply put, there are trading costs. If I invest in an S&P ETF that costs .1% per year, I'll see a return of say 9.9% over decades if the market return is 10%. Over 40 years, this is 4364% compounded, vs the index 4526% compounded, a difference of less than 4% in final wealth. There are load funds that charge more than this just to buy in (5% anyone?).  Lagging by a small fraction is a far cry from 'losing money.'  There is an annual report by a company named Dalbar that tracks investor performance. For the 20 year period ending 12/31/10 the S&P returned 9.14% and Dalbar calculates the average investor had an average return of 3.83%. Pretty bad, but not zero. Since you don't cite a particular article or source, there may be more to the story. Day traders are likely to lose. As are a series of other types of traders in other markets, Forex for one.  While your question may be interesting, its premise of ""many experts say...."" without naming even one leaves room for doubt.  Note - I've updated the link for the 2015 report. And 4 years later, I see that when searching on that 90% statistic, the articles are about day traders. That actually makes sense to me."
"&gt;This has prompted some economists to declare that the business cycle has become less severe.  ""Some economists"" like [Dr. Krugman](http://mises.org/daily/6055/Charting-Fun-with-Krugman), whose evidence to this effect demonstrated the exact opposite (specifically that the current/just past recession was nearly twice as bad, by his own standards mind you, as the worst pre-fed recession)?"
Dividend yield is a tough thing to track because it's a moving target.  Dividends are paid periodically the yield is calculated based on the stock price when the dividend is declared (usually, though some services may update this more frequently).   I like to calculate my own dividend by annualizing the dividend payment divided by my cost basis per share.  As an example, say you have shares in X, Co.  X issues a quarterly dividend of $1 per share and the share price is $100; coincidentally this is the price at which you purchased your shares. But a few years goes by and now X issues it's quarterly dividend of $1.50 per share, and the share price is $160. However your shares only cost you $100. Your annual yield on X is 6%, not the published 3.75%.  All of this is to say that looking back on dividend yields is somewhat similar to nailing jello to the wall.  Do you look at actual dividends paid through the year divided by share price?  Do you look at the annualized dividend at the time of issue then average those?  The stock price will fluctuate, that will change the yield; depending on where you bought your stock, your actual yield will vary from the published amount as well.
The easiest and cheapest way I can think of is the online bill pay service that most banks use. It's free for both of you; regardless of what the bank has to go through to get the payment to its destination, they generally eat the costs. You can use this to pay anyone from your rent to your electric company to your cousin Vinnie. However, I do not think that a business checking account has this feature. Instead, most corporate cash accounts typically have an ACH service attached to them, where for some small, fixed fee like 25 to 50 cents per transaction, they will accept transfer requests in an ACH format. This is how your electric company does auto-debit (if you let them), and how banks do online bill pay to most corporate payees; they, and their bank account numbers, would be verified by and kept on file with each bank that moved a substantial volume of money to this payee.
"Your thinking is unfortunately incorrect; an amortising loan (as opposed to interest only loans) pay down, or amortise, the principal with each payment. This means that the amount that is owed at prepayment will always be less than the total borrowed, and is also why some providers make a charge for prepayment. The ""fairness"" arguments that you make predicated on that misunderstanding are, therefore, incorrect."
"Literally got into an argument with someone from Silicon Valley about this. He was 100% convinced that the entire world revolved around them and that were it not for Silicon Valley there wouldn't be any jobs paying 6 figures in other states because ""Silicon Valley creates all the jobs"""
"Will the proportion of my payments towards interest eventually go down?  Yes. Today would be a good day to do a web search for ""amortization schedule"". You will quickly learn how to compute precisely how much of each payment goes to interest and how much goes to principal given different payment choices. Would it be wiser to spend more each month on loan payments? That depends on your goals and resources, which we know nothing about. If you have extra money you could spend it on debt reduction, or you could spend it on an investment that pays more money in growth or dividends than the interest you'd save. Or you could decide that the longer you have that loan, sure, the more interest you'll pay, but inflation will make future money less valuable. Basically, by taking out a loan you have chosen to gamble that the thing you bought with the loaned money will be worth the cost of the interest payments in the future, adjusted for inflation. The bank on the other hand is gambling that you're good for the debt and that they can make a reasonable profit off it. If you have more money to gamble with, which bet is the wisest one is really up to you. would it be smarter to try to pay off one loan before the other? If you want to pay off a loan early then always choose the loan with the higher interest rate. should I start making bi-weekly payments instead of monthly? That's roughly equivalent to paying off the principal by one additional payment a year. There are two reasons to do so.  The first is that the total interest will be lower and the loan will be paid off faster. You can work out exactly how much with your new found skill at amortization computation.   The second is the simple convenience of knowing that your budget for each pay period is the same.  That convenience is worth something; is it worth the amount extra you'll be paying every year? Again, this is for you to decide. Work out how much extra you're paying per year and how much you're saving in the long run, and compare that against the benefit."
"On the off-chance someone reading this is not aware, The Onion is a satirical newspaper. While I wouldn't bet *against* the headline being true to some degree (""GS sucks amirite"", and all that), the point is humour rather than accurate reporting."
"I agree.  The question I want to know is, how will this effect Tesla and their bottom line?    Does the market see that view point ""save the planet"" as one that will lead to sustainability and profit?  So far it seems like yes.  Everything is under the scope and being dissected for future projections.  Edit: a word"
There is a price mechanism, your monthly bill is based on your Mbps, and you can choose if you want faster speed, and pay for it. This pricing mechanism will limit bandwidth use because as bandwidth gets more strained the price will go up. Net neutrality is about treating all data going through those pipes equally, so that the virtual market is not monopolized by the few large companies that can pay for accessing customers.
"This sounds exactly like being an assistant professor.  1) Deal with nebulous and arbitrary funding agencies (""One ""good"" rating means you don't get funded!"") 2) Force your grad students to work long hours on very tenuous projects 3) Still might not get tenure depending on whims of your colleagues and administration, no matter how productive you are"
"Not a bond holder, but when we get dividends we usually just buy up a benchmark index tracking ETF unless/until we're ready to rebalance our portfolio. Most of the trades in the day are earmarked with the reason ""spending cash"". I'd assume it's similar for bond holders and coupons."
Most of that money goes into regulations of and subsidies for the healthcare market which is the reason for the insanely high market prices; they basically suffocated every last bit of competition.  'Welcome to society' isn't exactly a fitting expression... taxation is justified as long as everyone pays equal rates in exchange for an equal withdrawal of benefits. Everyone profits equally from courts and police.  Which is not the case for mandatory public health insurance: you force a minority at gunpoint to pay confiscatory tax rates (that's the only way you will be able to fund it) in order to finance a service they don't profit from at all. It's the exploitation of a minority and nothing else. Same goes for every form of forced redistribution of wealth.
Wealth is not what you earn, nor is it what you spend. It's the difference between those two.
I wouldn't buy a house at this time. Your credit card debt is the most expensive thing you have. Which is to say that you want to get rid of it as soon as possible. The lawyer isn't cheap, and your personal situation is not fully resolved. Congratulations on paying off the IRS, and getting up the 401k to 17.5k.  Take care of the two things in paragraph 1, first,and then think about buying a house. You're doing too much good work to have it possibly be derailed by home payments.
It depends what you mean by financial knowledge.  Often you will work in a group focused on some aspect of the company's business.  As an example, I work for a company and my group works on econometric models.  Although I have a degree in finance, I don't encounter or talk about corporate or personal finance.  I do talk about investing with a friend, but in general, our group is focused on one aspect of finance and economics for the company.   From another direction, often financial companies will offer financial literacy training through HR and benefits programs where you can improve your knowledge of finance outside of your groups focus.   In the end, you will learn the most by persuing new knowledge through reading on current financial literature.  I hope this helps. Edit:  If you add some specifics to what you would like to learn about I may be able to point you in the right direction.
&gt; by not trying to spend more than you have.  Or, someone poor was making a calculated risk. I'll pay these bills on day 1, then this bigger bill on day two and it will over draft by $15, but I will avoid a $50 late fee on my rent. The bank then slows the transactions and maximizes their profit by what would be considered unethical behavior. Most people have almost no savings, less than $1000 in the bank, and high debt.
This would effectively be currency speculation, betting that the Pound will be stronger vs. the Euro in November (or whenever) than it is today.  This would be a profitable transaction if the exchange fees are less than the swing between the two. In my (very limited) experience, exchange fees are going to be at least a few percent, and she's going to have to do the exchange twice if she wants to turn current Euros into Pounds and back into Euros later; that's at least a 6% hit.   I'd recommend against this.  While it's quite plausible for the two currencies to move more than 6% against each other in that time, it's also quite possible for them to move the other way, causing her a large loss.   The unfortunate thing about large, heavily traded things like GBP/EUR is that you're very unlikely to have some information that the big traders don't.  While lots of people think that the pound is going to become stronger, just as many people think that the Euro is going to be stronger.  These two camps are constantly bidding against each other, resulting in the 1.15 Pounds/Euro exchange rate as of this writing.  The current price and current direction that the line is moving in no way tells you what it's going to do next.
Ok buddy.  Apparently you're ok with how minimum wage laws put black people out of work.  The data is clear and indisputable, Mises Institute or not.  They just happened to be the first link that came up in Google, I don't read them at all.
"When people talk about ""the price"" of a stock, they usually mean one of the following: Last price:  The price at which a trade most recently took place.  If someone sold (and someone else bought) shares of XYZ for $20 each, then until another trade occurs, the last price of the stock will be quoted at $20. Bid price: The highest price at which someone is currently offering to buy the stock. Ask price: The lowest price at which someone is currently offering to sell the stock. As you can see, all of these are completely determined by the people buying and selling the stock."
"They pretty much already have what you are looking for.  They are called Unit Investment Trusts.  The key behind these is (a)  the trust starts out with a fixed pool of securities.  It is completely unmanaged and there is no buying or selling of the securities, (b) they terminate after a fixed period of time, at which time all assets are distributed among the owners. According to Investment Company Institute, ""securities in a UIT are   professionally selected to meet a stated investment objective,  such   as growth,  income, or capital appreciation."" UITs sell a fixed    number of units at one-time  public offering. Securities in a UIT do    not trade actively, rather, UITs use a  strategy known as    buy-and-hold. The UIT purchases a certain amount of  securities and    holds them until its termination date. Holdings rarely change   throughout the life of the trust so unit holders know exactly what    they're  investing in, and the trust lists all securities in its    prospectus. Unit trusts  normally sell redeemable units - this    obligates the trust to re-purchase  investor's units at their net    asset value at the investors request."
"Perhaps just an ambiguity rather than a contradiction - You said, ""at the end of the day, fiat currencies are based on trust and accountability of the government"".  You then later said ""I'm not conflating trust of the issuer with trust of the ""bank"". I don't trust either.""   The problem there is that, on the Bitcoin side of the fence, there's no one there *to* trust.  **You** can be the bank.  You can also be the issuer, with enough computing horsepower.  Do you, then, not trust *yourself*?   Or, did I take that entirely wrong and you meant that directed toward the fiat side of things, and don't trust that Trump won't get us into a currency war with China (or his successor finally authorize that trillion dollar platinum coin to circumvent the debt ceiling - I don't mean that to be at all partisan)?"
Here at QEII Centre, our Sanctuary lounge is the perfect place for your event attendees to relax. The lounge offers a wide selection of refreshments such as teas and cocktails. We also have After Dark specials in case you want beer or wine. If you want to know more about our Sanctuary lounge, visit our website at https://qeiicentre.london/.
"It's also not really anything new.   For a several decades, a huge percentage of the population has been essentially living paycheck-to-paycheck, and with essentially zero cash savings to cover emergencies.  It's possible that it is slightly worse now in the sense that -- with the pervasive use of credit &amp; debit cards, etc -- few people deal in cash or change very often ... and so they don't even have the old proverbial ""piggy banks"" (or jars/bottles filled with end-of-day pocket-change) that they can raid for $50 or $100.  *Oh, and THAT really has nothing to do with ""bubbles"".*  ---  EDIT: Plus another thought... just the other day there was an article crowing about how Millennials are ""saving for retirement"" in higher amounts and at earlier ages than prior generations -- if that is true, then a likely corollary would be that they are NOT engaged in plain old ""savings"" at the same rate -- i.e. what money they are ""stashing away"" is all heading to Wall Street, and is difficult to access in an emergency (and if they did access 401k savings, it would likely be as a ""loan"" -- rather than paying the early-withdrawal penalties &amp; taxes)."
Because we need energy in the form of oil.  If more of our money is spent on oil, there is less money to spend on other items especially luxuries like dining out and new cars (ironically) Since there is less money available, the price of other things shift with it and the whole economy moves.  Since less money is available, the value of a single dollar goes up. Basically, it is because we as a species (let alone nations) are unbelievably dependent on having oil at this point in our existence. How do currency markets work? What factors are behind why currencies go up or down?
There are a few ways to look at this question. Assumptions. Per the original post's assumptions, this answer: In other words, if the owner paid the mortgage on its original schedule, the deal could boil down to a $ 40,000 up-front payment, in exchange for $ 200,000 of equity after 30 years.  Or the deal could boil down to a $ 40,000 up-front payment, in exchange for a $ 810.70 monthly payment starting in 30 years. While the owner is paying down the mortgage, the return on equity is the principal payment divided by the equity.  The principal payment is the net rent minus non-financing costs and interest, so it is actually a profit. The initial return on equity is 6.321 % APR, or 6.507 % APY.  This is calculated by dividing the $ 210.70 monthly principal payment by the initial $ 40,000 equity, and converting from monthly return to annual return. After 30 years, the return on equity is 4.864 % APR, or 4.974 % APY.  This is calculated by dividing the $ 810.70 monthly cash flow (which is no longer reduced by mortgage payments) by the $ 200,000 equity after 30 years, and converting from monthly return to annual return. The cap rate is the same as the return on equity in the absence of debt.  In this example, 4.864 % APR, or 4.974 % APY. The return on equity declines from 6.507 % APY initially to 4.974 % APY after 30 years. This is because the cap rate exceeds the note rate (4.974 % APY vs. 4.594 % APY), and the leverage decreases from 5x to 1x. The weighted average compound annual growth rate of the equity during the 30 years is 5.511 % APY.  Per the original poster's answer, this is computed by taking the 30th root of the 5-fold increase in equity.  Because the owner made no extra principal payments (besides those already discussed), the relevant amounts are the initial $ 40,000 owner payment and the final $ 200,000 owner equity.  5.511 % APY corresponds to a 5.377 % APR. The internal rate of return if the owner never sells can be computed by treating the deal as a $ 40,000 up-front payment, in exchange for an $ 810.70 monthly payment starting in 30 years.  The internal rate of return (IRR) is not a very useful number, because it assumes that you can somehow reinvest the eventual dividends at the same rate.  In this example, the IRR is 5.172 % APR, or 5.296  % APY.  In this example, the IRR is calculated by (iteratively) finding an interest rate for which (initial investment) * (1 + IRR) ^ (number periods before dividends start) = (periodic dividend) / (IRR - growth rate of dividend).  For example: $ 40,000 * (1.004309687)^360 = $ 810.70 / (0.004309687 - 0) = $ 188,111 I then converted the 0.431 % monthly IRR to an annual IRR. The deal can be thought of as a return on equity, plus a return on paying down the mortgage. When computing the return from paying down the mortgage, the initial equity is irrelevant.  It does not matter whether you start with a $ 160,000 mortgage on a $ 160,000 property, a $ 160,000 mortgage on a $ 200,000 property, or a $ 160,000 mortgage on a $ 1,000,000 property.  All that matters is the note rate on the mortgage, which is the applicable compound interest rate. The return on paying down the mortgage equals the note rate of the mortgage.  For a 4.5% note rate, this works out to a 4.594% annual percentage yield (APY). You can confirm this by looking at your amortization schedule.  Suppose you have a $ 160,000 mortgage with a fixed 4.5% APR note rate for 360 months.  Your monthly payment is $ 810.70.  In the first month, $ 600 goes toward interest, and $ 210.70 reduces the principal.  In other words, the $ 210.70 principal payment eliminated the need for a $ 810.70 payment 30 years later.  Notice that: . $ 210.70 * (1 + 0.045 / 12)^360 = $ 210.70 * (1.00375)^360 = $ 210.70 * 3.8477 = $ 810.71 which is within rounding error of $ 810.70. The interest rate is 3/8 % per month, which is an APR of 4.5%, and an APY of 4.594 %.
Yes, you can deduct from your taxable profits (almost) any expenses incurred in the course of your business. See here for HMRC's detailed advice on the subject. The fact that you have salaried PAYE employment as well makes no difference.
"They just need to overcome the perception hurdle.  A good marketing team can help with the ""you're paying for convenience of it being *there* now"" thing.  Or maybe a good marketing team can't, as their old (Circuit City era) marketing team wasn't all that bad.  Other big box stores haven't figured that hurdle out yet, either."
Good addition. When learning finance and business, /u/msattam, realize the world does not work cleanly like it does in a textbook. You have added complexity, both systemic and human caused. And that there is a very good reason that we must understand agency issues and how to mitigate those risks.
This is exactly how monopolies are made.  Allowing a business to use one extremely profitable business to undercut competitors in other areas (at below cost mind you).  This should be illegal practice.  Google should be hit hard.  While I understand your stance, I don't believe it is creating an equal playing field in the economy and it is hurting it badly.   For example, no startup out there is going to create an online maps startup (even if they have an awesome idea that would make maps better) because they don't have the ability to monetize and survive.  Google gives their's away free using their near-monopoly on online advertising to subsidize it.  You talk about the only exit for a startup being acquired by a larger company.  That is EXACTLY the problem.  You're creating unbeatable ecosystems.  Google/MSFT/Apple/FB will only grow...startups will only have 10-20 companies to exit to.  They should be able to survive and grow and compete on their own.   Groupon was a company that tried to do that and you can see how they're doing.  The tech world is turning into that very oligopoly that you try to caveat.   People just don't realize it.    We should break the stranglehold.  If people paid for services, then their would be more entrants into the market as they could monetize quicker and the best ideas would win vs. the best connections to VCs and having an entrepreneurial track history which is how the bay area works.  Startups wouldn't be SO DEPENDENT on financiers...they could monetize their actual client base.
"As mentioned before - you're over-thinking the hard-pull issue. But do try to make the preapproval as close to the actual bidding as possible - because it costs money. At least from my experience, you'll get charged the application fee for preapproval, while ""pre-qualification"" is usually free. If you're seriously shopping, I find it hard to believe that you can't find a house within 3 months. If you're already in the process and your offer has been accepted and you opened the escrow - I believe the preapproval will be extended if it expires before closing. I've just had a similar case from the other side, as a buyer, and the seller had a short-sale approval that expired before closing. It was extended to make the deal happen, and that's when the bank is actually loosing money. So don't worry about that. If you haven't even started the process and the preapproval expired, you might have to start it all over again from scratch, including all the fees. The credit score is a minor issue (unless you do it every 2-3 months)."
I find the responses funny. If they would have just read your about page it would have answered 90% of their bs generalizations.  edit: they say there is no such thing as bad publicity. Controversy is a good thing in my opinion.
"The thing is that Trump proved he's not an idiot and he does a great job, for his empire before the election, and now for America after the elections.  Hillary is just ""wife of"" and the DNC is corrupt and after globalists agenda which is anti-American.  Any questions?"
I am - The economy is influenced by the debt and government manipulation in the short term, which is going to drive employment (or lack thereof).  In the slightly longer term, a financial collapse followed by an economic collapse and depression are going to mean very high unemployment for a very long time.    What we've got now is only bad compared to what we've been used to for the last few decades.  In a depression where government aid is unavailable because the government is the cause of it, things will be considerably worse.
"There are several tactics you might employ to help the situation.  You have two options, one is to increase your income, the other is to reduce your expenditure.  Paying off debt will also help but that may not apply to you. Most people find it easier to reduce expenditure, so I will explain that first of all. Then make sure you track your actual expenditure agains the budget, check it daily and make sure it is accurate, if you spend some money you didn't budget for then mark that down and make sure you budget for it going forward. Most people are surprised at how much they are actually spending, especially on trivial things like coffee, lunch at work etc.  You will then find you can start to reduce this expenditure, maybe by bringing lunch to work, skipping coffee every other day etc. By doing a budget you can reduce your expenditure and hopefully have some money left over to save - put a line in your budget marked savings (ideally on the day you get paid so you don't spend it)! If you ned to save $x by Y date then work out how much that works out in a month and put that into your budget, if you haven't got enough spare to do that then onto stage 2 With regards to increasing income, the obvious way is to do some overtime at work - can you do that? Alternatively you can get a part-time job, maybe a hobby that pays money?  I personally enjoy building web-sites as a hobby and I get about $20 a month from advertising on those, it's not much but it adds up over time. Finally how to actually save, what methods are there? Lots of options here, personally I buy shares with my savings, making sure I pick stocks that are currently cheap - this is quite risky and may not suit you but it works for me as I don't sell the shares until I actually need the money. Other options are regular savings accounts that pay a bonus after you've had the money in for (usually) 12 months etc.  They tend to pay a bonus at the end so you are incentivised to not touch your cash but you can get it out if you really need it. You can also work out how much ""spare"" cash you have monthly and then give yourself an ""allowance"" each month that you can spend on impulse items, but make sure you stick to that. Good luck!"
The sense of entitlement absolutely horrors me. Suck it up, do whatever work they need you to do for the time being. You're an intern. AND you're getting paid.  Believe you me, there are a million others that would kill for a position like that and are in much worse circumstances. Don't take it for granted.
I think is an excellent idea. Use free money or almost free to do a lump sump payment. My recommendation is to have a reminder to pay credit card before, almost finishing, the 0% APR period.
"&gt;Because selling gold and buying dollars has an effect on the market: it reduces the value of gold, and increases the value of dollars.  Ah, but with all the business you'd do in gold, you'd constantly be increasing the value of gold. Think of it!  I'm pretty sure that most people want to be paid in dollars not simply because of the fact that their taxes have to be paid in it, but because of it's universality. Not everyone has a use for a sack of barley, or a fish, or some gold dust. But you can buy whatever you want with an amount of dollars.   &gt;As the value of gold increases over time, the government taxes the increased value as ""capital gains tax"".  It's only taxed at a 15.5% rate, IIRC. You'd probably come out ahead."
"It's easy for me to look at an IRA, no deposits or withdrawal in a year, and compare the return to some index. Once you start adding transactions, not so easy. Here's a method that answers your goal as closely as I can offer: SPY goes back to 1993. It's the most quoted EFT that replicates the S&P 500, and you specifically asked to compare how the investment would have gone if you were in such a fund. This is an important distinction, as I don't have to adjust for its .09% expense, as you would have been subject to it in this fund. Simply go to Yahoo, and start with the historical prices. Easy to do this on a spreadsheet. I'll assume you can find all your purchases inc dates & dollars invested. Look these up and treat those dollars as purchases of SPY. Once the list is done, go back and look up the dividends, issues quarterly, and on the dividend date, add the shares it would purchase based on that day's price. Of course, any withdrawals get accounted for the same way, take out the number of SPY shares it would have bought. Remember to include the commission on SPY, whatever your broker charges.  If I've missed something, I'm sure we'll see someone point that out, I'd be happy to edit that in, to make this wiki-worthy.  Edit - due to the nature of comments and the inability to edit, I'm adding this here. Perhaps I'm reading the question too pedantically, perhaps not. I'm reading it as ""if instead of doing whatever I did, I invested in an S&P index fund, how would I have performed?"" To measure one's return against a benchmark, the mechanics of the benchmarks calculation are not needed. In a comment I offer an example - if there were an ETF based on some type of black-box investing for which the investments were not disclosed at all, only day's end pricing, my answer above still applies exactly. The validity of such comparisons is a different question, but the fact that the formulation of the EFT doesn't come into play remains. In my comment below which I removed I hypothesized an ETF name, not intending it to come off as sarcastic. For the record, if one wishes to start JoesETF, I'm ok with it."
It is illegal.   Coverage has a lot of minimum requirements.      What has really hurt Obamacare is that it groups those that were formerly uninsured, with those that don't have employer insurance.      It turns out those that were previously uninsured (often very poor) are very expensive to insure.   So that has forced up premiums on everyone else.       The link of health insurance to employment in the US is to blame.  The sooner everyone is forced to buy their own insurance, and then preferably the government offers medicare buy in for all, the sooner the system can be cleaned up.
"Never forget that student lenders and their collection agencies are dangerous and clever predators, and you, the student borrower, are their legal prey. They look at you and think, ""food."" My friend said she never pays her student loans and nothing has happened.  She's wrong. Something has happened. She just doesn't know about it yet. Each unpaid bill, with penalties, has been added to the balance of her loan.  Now she owes that money also. And she owes interest on it. That balance is probably building up very fast indeed. She's playing right into the hands of her student lender. They are smiling about this. When the balance gets large enough to make it worthwhile, her student lender will retain an aggressive collection agency to recover the entire balance. The agency will come after her in court, and they are likely to win.  If your friend lives in the US, she'll discover that she can't declare bankruptcy to escape this. She has the bankruptcy ""reform"" act of 2006, passed during the Bush 43 regime, to thank for this. A court judgement against her will make it harder for her to find a job and even a spouse. I'm not saying this is right or just. I believe it is wrong and unjust to make university graduates into debt slaves. But it is true. As for being paid under the table, I hope your friend intends on dying rather than retiring when she no longer can work due to age. If she's paid under the table she will not be eligible for social security payments.  You need sixteen calendar quarters of social security credit to be eligible for payments.  I know somebody like this. It's a hell of a way to live, especially on weekends when the local church feeding programs don't operate.  Paying people under the table ought to be a felony for the business owner."
"Someone who buys a stock is fundamentally buying a share of all future dividends, plus the future liquidation value of the company in the event that it is liquidated.  While some investors may buy stocks in the hope that they will be able to find other people willing to pay more for the stock than they did, that's a zero sum game.  The only way investors can make money in the aggregate is if either stocks pay dividends or if the money paid for company assets at liquidation exceeds total net price for which the company sold shares. One advantage of dividends from a market-rationality perspective is that dividend payments are easy to evaluate than company value.  Ideally, the share price of a company should match the present per-share cash value of all future dividends and liquidation, but it's generally impossible to know in advance what that value will be.  Stock prices may sometimes rise because of factors which increase the expected per-share cash value of future dividends and liquidations. In a sane market, rising prices on an item will reduce people's eagerness to buy and increase people's eagerness to sell.  Unfortunately, in a marketplace where steady price appreciation is expected the feedback mechanisms responsible for stability get reversed.  Rapidly rising prices act as a red flag to buyers--unfortunately, bulls don't see red flags as signal to stop, but rather as a signal to charge ahead. For a variety of reasons including the disparate treatment of dividends and capital gains, it's often not practical for a company to try to stabilize stock prices through dividends and stock sales.  Nonetheless, dividends are in a sense far more ""real"" than stock price appreciation, since paying dividends generally requires that companies actually have sources of revenues and profits.  By contrast, it's possible for stock prices to go through the roof for companies which have relatively few assets of value and no real expectation of becoming profitable businesses, simply because investors see rising stock prices as a ""buy"" signal independent of any real worth."
"Everyone has made some good points that I was going to mention but to put it in terms that might make it easier to decide. As stated by others, paying off debt and being free is always the goal and desirable. However, you must also consider the ""efficiency"" of what you do as well. For example, there are two common types of student loans (there are others but let's focus on these) and that is subsidized and unsubsidized. The main difference? Subsidized loans don't earn interest on your balance while you are in school, it only happens when you graduate and come out of repayment grace period. Unsubsidized loans begin accumulating interest the moment they are disbursed, but you are not required to make payments on them until you graduate. All student loans are deferred until you graduate and exhaust your grace period or other means of deferring your payment, say for example a postponement or forbearance. However, it is often recommended that on UNSUBSIDIZED loans, you pay down your principle while still in school to avoid that massive interest amount that will get added to it when you are officially in repayment. On the other hand, it is often (if not always) recommended that you hold off on paying SUBSIDIZED loans until you are done and go into repayment, as for all intents and purposes its not costing you anything extra to wait. Family and parent loans are considered and treated more like personal loans, so treat them as such. Hope that helps. Also, don't forget to take advantage of the income based repayment options, as they will make the payments manageable enough to avoid making them a burden while you are trying to get a job and go post education. Further reading:  Income-Driven Plans (Department of Education) Income-Driven Repayment Plans (nelnet)"
I wonder if there will actually be a two-way debate on this.  Discriminatory pricing is a tried-and-true financial and economic concept that is widely employed to great success across the globe.  Even utilities have variable pricing based on needs and demand.  Net neutrality is actually a threat to one main subset of the economy:  The free content model.  If your business model does not account for the cost to deliver your content, and instead relies on free distribution, then it's the business model that is questionable - not the model of distribution for cost.  Something to think about.  I welcome a debate here.
We will send your order carefully soon after checking and give you tracking information after shipping.We ship to over 150 countries all over the world. We use different International shipping options based on your shipping choice. Please check all available shipping options below and choose one of them when checking out.
"If you want your bank to pay $1 to a beneficiary Bob, then the service (no matter how implemented) needs to result in Bob's bank saying to Bob ""Hey, I owe you $1"".    The usual way how this is done consists of two parts - your bank needs to somehow tell Bob's bank ""hey guys, do us a favor and please give Bob $1 with a message from the sender"", and your bank needs to convince the other bank that they'll pay for (cover) that. This is the main source for the delays in international payments - there are thousands of banks, and most of possible pairs have no legal contact between themselves whatsoever, no bilateral agreements, no trust and no reasonable enforcement mechanism for small claims. If I'm Bob's bank, then a random bank from anywhere from Switzerland to Nigeria can send me an instruction ""give Bob $1, we'll make it up for you"", the SWIFT network is a common way of doing this. However, most likely I'm going to give Bob the money only after I receive the funds somehow, which means that they have given the money to some institution I work with. For payments within a single country, it often is a centralized exchange or a central bank, and the payment speed is then determined by the details of that particular single payment network - e.g. UK Faster Payments or the various systems used in USA. For international payments, it may require a chain of multiple intermediaries (correspondent banks) - for example, a payment of $1mm from Kazakhstan to China will likely involve the Kazakhstan bank asking their main correspondent in USA (some major bank such as Chase JPMorgan) to give the money to the relevant chinese bank's correspondent in USA (say, Citi) to then give the money to that chinese bank to then give the money to the actual recipient. Each of those steps can happen because those entities have bilateral agreements, trust and accounts with each other; and each of those steps generally takes time and verification. If you want all payments to happen instantly, then you need all institutions to join a single binding payment system. It's not as easy as it sounds, as it is a nightmare of jurisdiction - for example, if you'd want me (as Bob's bank) to credit Bob instantly, then the system needs to provide solid guarantees that I would get paid even if (a) the payer institution changes its mind, made a mistake or intentional fraud; (b) the payer institution goes insolvent; (c) the system provider gets insolvent. Providing such guarantees is expensive, they need to be backed by multi-billion capital, and they're unrealistic to enforce across jurisdictions (e.g. would an Iranian bank get recourse if some funds got blocked because of USA sanctions). The biggest such project as far as I know is SEPA, across most of Europe. Visa and MasterCard networks perform the same function - a merchant gets paid by the CC network even if the payer can't pay his CC bill or the paying bank goes insolvent."
It is typically very easy to roll a 401(k) into an IRA.  Companies that provide IRA's are very experienced with it, and I would expect that they will take your calls from overseas. You will likely be able to do it over the internet without using a phone at all. Just open an IRA with any brokerage company (Scottrade, Vanguard, Fidelity, Schwab, Ameritrade, etc.) and follow instructions to roll your 401(k) into it.  Most likely they will need your signature, but usually a scan of a form you have filled out will do.  Be sure to have information on your 401(k) provider, including your account number there, on hand.  These companies are all very reputable and this is not a difficult transaction. There's really no downside to rolling into an IRA.  401(k) plans usually have more limited options and/or worse fee structures and are frequently harder to work with, as you have observed.
"there's a large gap between  ""scheming group of evil masterminds"" and   ""since we're just people making $800,000 or more, there can exist no organic or intended collective desire for us to perpetuate or push for socio-culturo-political systems which tend to ensure our continued wealth"" though."
I've had stock options at two different jobs.   If you are not getting a significant ownership stake, but rather just a portion of options as incentive to come work there, I would value them at $0.    If you get the same salary and benefits, but no stock options at another company and you like the other company better, I'd go to the other company. I say this because there are so many legal changes that seem to take value from you that you might as well not consider the options in your debate. That being said, the most important question I'd want to know is what incentive does the company have to going public or getting bought?    If the company is majority owned by investors, the stock options are likely to be worth something if you wait long enough.   You are essentially following someone else's bet.    If the company is owned by 2 or 3 individuals who want to make lots of money, they may or may not decide to sell or go public.
Union Hills Ace Hardware store, located in Phoenix, Arizona, wrote a new blog about safe BBQ grilling practices  Summary: Summer in Phoenix Arizona is back yard BBQ season. Union Hills Ace Hardware hopes you have fun and practice safe grilling by following a few simple, precautionary guidelines for the backyard BBQ
That very idea of saving is precisely what Fed monetary policy is trying to prevent.  Create demand by forcing savers to spend... then barrow when they run out.  You don't have money... you have the next bailout for the banks.
It's Nature, it's one of the most respected scientific journals.  Nobody here is passing any judgment on Trump, the OP is showing that there's a bias for people with higher education to vote liberal. That's just a fact, nobody is saying that this statistic invalidates conservative beliefs.
Yeah but this is pure assumption you have no proof of this. Youre grossly underestimating how many people use marijuana regularly and responsibly also for medical needs. Theres a reason why your opinion is becoming more unpopular and that's because marijuana prohibition was founded on lies and racist polices not facts.
The only thing that I refuse to buy generic is trash bags.  I've tried several different generic versions of trash bags and all of them ripped very easily.  I'll spend the extra money for Hefty or Glad so I don't have to clean up trash.
[I think this quote is utter bullshit](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1400/0*ORZDlqkUmjUTH35z.png)- but that's just my opinion.   Since they referenced Dragons Den/Shark Tank- that's how you see so many entrepreneurs on those shows who are doing that and failing- divorced, remortaged house, no one left and a disaster.
Please do not read this and think Taco Bell is healthy. Maybe compared to other places that are exceptionally bad for you. But it is not healthy.   I am not saying never eat it. Who doesn't like Taco Bell every now and again?  But please don't think eating there is healthy. No matter what you order its processed food that will never give you the macronutrients and benefits real food offers.
Framing is not fraud. Fraud is a material misrepresentation of facts for financial gain. You need to misrepresent actual facts.  As for harm, the difference is consent. There is an ethical mandate to protect innocent from harm by others, but no similar mandate to protect them from themselves.
That's your assumption, but the details are there are different tiers of liability depending on the level of employees you have. Have 5,000+ you must pay this increased level of medical insurance or other liabilities.   So if he has 7,000 employees and increased liabilities would happen at 5,000+ ---- sounds like there's a $$ incentive to decrease to 4,999.   That's not emotion, that's just business.  The irony would be if he sold to a Chinese company, that cuts employee benefits and wages and sends most of the profit home while employing tax shelters to yield as little as possible in taxes.
I see the opposite in my area. For example, there is this place where I am at called Fuzzy's Tacos. The place SUCKS! most of the filtered reviews are negative and the positive ones make it while the negative ones are screened.   tl;dr - Fuzzy's Tacos sucks.
There is only a catch if you swallow the hook.  The hook is that the bank hopes you will use the increased credit limit to buy more stuff, and not pay what you owe before the interest-free period expires.  This will allow them to charge their high interest rate on the outstanding balance.  Now if you don't increase your spending, and keep paying your balance in full, nothing happens.
An auto title loans are typically utilized by those that wish to obtain a funding with bad credit rating or no credit in any way. An auto-mobile title lending frequently called a vehicle title lending or merely title funding as well as pink slip funding’s. You merely should have a vehicle that is paid off or nearly paid off and also you could make use of the auto title as security to obtain the cash money you require, enabling you to continue driving your vehicle while paying your loan.   Ezee Auto Car Title Loans Encinitas CA and nearby cities Provide Car Title Loans, Auto Title Loans, Mobile Home Title Loans, RV/Motor Home Title Loans, Big Rigs Truck Title Loans, Motor Cycle Title Loans, Online Title Loans Near me, Bad Credit Loans, Personal Loans, Quick cash Loans  Contact Us: Ezee Auto Car Title Loans Encinitas CA 1106 2nd St. Suite 561-H Encinitas, CA 92024 760-642-5502 ezautotitle2310@gmail.com http://getautotitleloans.com/car-and-auto-title-loans-encinitas-ca/

Chairman &amp; Managing Director Sh. Himanshu Sampat of AAMANI SPACES LIMITED Announced to Make Dhanvantari Dham &amp; Health Resorts at AAMANI SIR TOWNSHIP AT DHOLERA SIR On 25 th February on the Occasion of National Ayurveda Summit 2014 in the Presence of Honorable P.M. SH.
The principles behind creating and keeping those entities are reasonable, civilized, and economically sound.  That being said, after seeing what the practical application became, I can't say I disagree with you. It might be a failed experiment at this point.   The racial angle at the end cheapens your argument, though.
"I commend you for your desire to be a smart and engaged investor. Regarding the other comments, yes the market is unpredictable and dangerous, but such is everything that leads to profit.  I am currently reading, ""Advanced Options Pricing Models"" (Katz and McCormick) - mighy be at your local library. The book is helpful because in explaining the options market, it covers basic stock methodologies and then builds on them as it pursues a quant's math/computation based view of the market. The book is highly math oriented and discusses authors' custom design scripts/alogrithms to analyze market behavior. See similar post about technical analysis (since it often directs short term trading decisisions)."
this can be the words that sustains me on track straight through my day. I’ve been searching around due to this site after being known as them from the colleague and was thrilled after i could locate it after in search of very long time.
Yeah dude, I bootstrapped a business with my husband, from part-time while consulting to over $600k/yr in its 3rd year. I don't know nothin' bout no business!  Grow up, my friend.   The whole VC industry is a numbers game, and you're the numbers.
Fuel prices are regulated in most countires. The way its regulated differs. Essentially the idea is once the retail prices are up, they are normally kept that level so that a buffer profit is built, now if the fuel prices increase beyond the retail price can still be kept same using the buffer built up.
If you're not worried about making the car loan payments, why would you want to pay off a loan that is not charging you any interest? Pay off the interest bearing student loan.
"19500 - The balance isn't held all month. It's held on average for half a month (assuming the days money was spent was randomly distributed).  260/(1.5% - 4%/(24))  Edit: That answer only works if they pay off their balance at the end of the month - 260/(1.5% - 4%*(3/24)) gives 26000 if the average balance is held for a month and a half. But either way, leaving out the ""half a month"" results in a messy number."
So true. I went to my grocery store and bought $7 worth of wings. They were way better than BBW and lasted me two meals. I go to BBW and for $7 you will leave hungry, plus service is terrible, noise is too loud and you're expected to tip. I once went to BBW and they had a deal for boneless chicken wings for like $1 each. Well they are like chicken nuggets that are smaller but more over priced.
The store keeps track of what you buy. It is all part of their big data. The knowledge of what you buy helps them project future sales. It allows them to target their marketing. But maybe even more importantly they can sell this knowledge to outside companies. They aren't going to give away that information to another company that would love to have that data, just so they could sell it. Stores use those loyalty cards to be able to link your household to those purchases. Those discounts, or free products, are what they use to entice you to give up your privacy.  The fact that in your town young adults love caramel apples, even more than the town next door, makes them confident that your town will love caramel apple scented shampoo. Thus they send you coupons when it become available. They will also sell this knowledge to the shampoo companies. Do some stores make it possible for you to download the data? Yes they do. Apple stores send all receipts via email. Kohls allows me to see detail information about my transactions on line. There must be others. I don't know if any are grocery stores.
Not going to happen for Facebook since there will be too much demand and the order will go to the top clients of the underwriting investment banks.  In general though, if you wanted a piece of a smaller IPO you'd just have to get in touch with a broker whose investment banking department is on the underwriting syndicate (say Merrill Lynch or Smith Barney) since IPOs often have a percentage that they allocate to retail clients (i.e. you) as well as institutional (i.e. hedge funds, pension funds, mutual funds etc.). The more in demand the IPO the harder it is to get a piece.
If you get a mortgage on the new property, you can almost surely get better than 9% today. I refinanced my house a year or so ago at 4%.  You didn't say how much the new house will cost or how much of your cash you're willing to put to it, but just to make up a number say the house costs $200,000 and you'll pay $100,000 with cash. So you could keep the $50,000 at 9% and get a new $100,000 at 4%, or you could pay off the old loan so you have $0 at 9% and $150,000 at 4%. Clearly plan B is significantly less interest -- 5% x $50,000 = $2,500 per year.  If you can afford to buy the new house without getting a loan at all, it gets more complicated. By not getting a loan, you avoid closing costs, typically several thousand dollars. Would the amount you save on closing costs be more than the difference in interest? I think probably not, but I'd check into it. If paying off the old loan means that your down payment on the new place is now low enough that you have to pay mortgage insurance, you'd have to factor that in. I can't say without knowing the numbers, but I'd guess PMI would be less than the interest savings, but maybe not. Oh, I assume that you're planning to keep the old house. If you sell it, this whole question becomes a moot point, as most mortgages have a due-on-sale clause.
&gt; CNC units without touch screens and fancy alignment cameras cost 2k. If they don't sell enough units in time, maybe they'll have to close shop?  They do, but they usually have a very small operating envelope and limited ability to cut through thicker materials.  If you want something which can cut a full sheet of plywood, you need to spend $10K+, and it requires proper installation in a permanent location.   I think the beauty of this product is that it fits between those two extremes. It doesn't provide fully automated cutting, but it does allow you to cut large sheets of plywood that only a machine costing 10x can do.  I think the problem is that the product is very niche.  Most wood workshops who are successful and making lots of furniture will invest in a large format CNC router, and they'll probably keep it running as many hours as possible to get back the investment.  Maybe they'd buy one as a secondary CNC cutter? Instead of setting up the large machine for a small job, they can grab the handheld CNC, and do the cut quickly. It's like a backup tool.  So where does it sit on the novelty vs practicality spectrum?  I think this is very much aimed at the cashed up hobbyist and smaller boutique workshop, maker spaces, schools, etc.  I can afford it, but I'd find it hard to justify because I don't think I'd get enough use out of it.
What a great idea! A small business owner helping other small business owners. It's true -- to be a relevant small business in this day and age, you have to be visible on the world wide web. I use the world wide web multiple times a day to get information about businesses that I am interested in doing business with or to comparative shop. I don't think I am alone in this.
I'm going to give the succinct, plain language version of the answers:  1.    Your oldest active credit agreement is not very old You don't have much experience or history for me to base my analysis on -- how do I know I can trust you to pay back the money? 2.    You have no active credit card accounts Other people haven't trusted you with credit or you haven't trusted yourself with credit and there's no active good behavior of paying credit cards on time -- you want me to be the first one to go out on a limb and loan you money? How do I know I can trust you to pay back the money?
"No system is going to be perfect, especially one that is totally inflexible. But it is a lot easier to say no to someone when you can back it up by saying ""I think this is going to take 2,000 hours and the CEO has only granted you 1,000 hours. Figure out what you can live without and get back to me."""
Your question is a moving target. And my answer will be subject to revision. I disagree with the votes to close, as you are asking (imho) what role commodities and specifically oil, play in one's asset allocation. Right? How much may be opinion, but there's a place to ask if.  I'm looking at this chart, and thinking, long term, the real return is zero. The discussion regarding gold has been pretty exhausted. For oil, it's not tough to make the case that it will fluctuate, but long term, there's no compelling reason to believe its price will rise any faster than inflation over the really long term.
Someone entering a casino with $15 could employ a very simple strategy and have a better-than-90% chance of walking out with $16.  Unfortunately, the person would have a non-trivial chance (about one in 14) of walking out with $0. If after losing $15 the person withdrew $240 from the bank and tried to win $16, the person would have a better-than-90% chance of succeeding and ending up ahead (holding the original $15, plus the additional $240, plus $1) but would have at that point about a one in 14 chance from that point of losing the $240 along with the original $15.  Measured from the starting point, you'd have about a 199 out of 200 chance of gaining $1, and a one out of 200 chance of losing $240. Market-timing bets are like that.  You can arrange things so you have a significant chance of making a small profit, but at the risk of a large downside.  If you haven't firmly decided exactly how much downside you are willing to accept, it's very easy to simultaneously believe you don't have much money at risk, but that you'll be able to win back anything you lose.  The only way you can hope to win back anything you lose is by bringing a lot more money to the table, which will of course greatly increase your downside risk. The probability of making money for the person willing to accept $15 of downside risk to earn $1 is about 93%.  The probability of making money for the person willing to accept $255 worth of risk is about 99.5%.  It's easy to see that there are ways of playing which have a 99.5% chance of winning, and that there are ways of playing that only have a 15:1 downside risk.  Unfortunately, the ways of playing that have the smaller risk don't have anything near a 99.9% chance of winning, and those that have a better chance of winning have a much larger downside risk.
This is no bullshit... at a sales conference in Paris she didn't want to be bothered with having to mingle with the regular folks. Her solution... she setup a helicopter to ferry her from the conference center/hotel to where she was really staying (*some other fancy ass hotel*) just so she didn't have to interact with the commoners.   It's shit like this which has led to so many die hard HP people (*myself included*) leaving the company in the past decade. Today the culture and management is nothing like Bill and Dave wanted.
What kind of financial analysis would make you comfortable about this decision? The HELOC and ARM are the biggest red flags to me in your current situation.  While I don't expect interest rates to skyrocket in the near future, they introduce an interest rate risk that is easy to get rid of.  Getting rid of the HELOC and converting to a fixed mortgage would be my first priority. If you also want to upgrade to a new home at the same time (meaning buy a new home contingent on the sale of your first, paying off the HELOC and mortgage), that's fine, but make sure that you can comfortably afford the payment on a fixed-rate mortgage with at least 20% down. I would not take additional cash out of your equity just to save it.  You're going to pay more in interest that you're going to get in savings.   From there things get trickier.   While many people would keep the first property on a mortgage and rent it out, I am not willing to be a landlord for a part-time job, especially when the interest on the mortgage gouges my return on the rent.  PLus leverage increases the risks as well - all it takes is to go one or two months without rent and you can find yourself unable to make a mortgage payment, wrecking your credit and possibly risking foreclosure. So my options in order of precedence would be: At what point does it make sense to become a landlord? The complicated answer is when the benefits (rent, appreciation) relative to the costs (maintenance, interest, taxes, etc.) and risks (lost rent, bad renters, home value variance) give you a better return that you could find in investments of similar risk.  The simple answer is when you can pay cash for it.  That takes interest and lost rent out of the equation.   Again, some are willing to take those risks and pay 20% down on rental property.  Some are able to make it work.  Some of those go broke or lose their properties.   when calculating the 20% down of a new property, does that need to be liquid funds, or can that be based on the value of the home you are selling You can make the purchase of the new home contingent on the sale of the first if you need to get the equity out of it to make the 20%.  Do NOT refinance the first just to pull out the equity to make a down payment.  It's not worth the fees of a refinance.
"Yes, it would have been run in a way so as to defend Blockbuster's core business model, nothing more.   Blockbuster would have never figured out that their job was ""to become HBO before HBO becomes Netflix,"" to paraphrase Netflix's CEO.   If Blockbuster had purchased Netflix, it's a guarantee that you would not be watching season 2 of Stranger Things right now, because Blockbuster would likely have never moved into original content."
In addition, the antique motorcycle elements are becoming notably famous in that town and ultimately, severa clients are willingly trying to find it. What's extra, it spares the coins and time by using the shopping on showrooms. In this way, it is incredibly treasured for the customers to render Indian Daytona fashions for purchasing the ones bicycles easily. In any case, it makes the overall populace watch positive model to render special types of the motorbike to get it. Likewise, it is appropriate for every human beings to address their high-quality and attractive conventional race bicycles to get it on the web.
"Yeah, it's actually not bad at all. I found the article a pleasant surprise and more memorable because of that.  If we're not reading complaints about ""Don't put the punchline in the title!"" we're reading complaints about ""I got the wrong impression from the title!"""
"A stock split can force short sellers of penny stocks to cover their shorts and cauuse the price to appreciate.  Example:  Someone shorts a worthless pump and dump stock, 10,000 shares at .50.  They have to put up $25,000.00 in margin ($2.50 per share for stocks under $2.50).  The company announces a 3 to 1 split.  Now the short investor must come up with $50,000.00 additional margin or be be ""bought in"". The short squeeze is on."
"Inflation is an attempt to measure how much less money is worth. It is a weighted average of some bundle of goods and services price's increase.  Money's value is in what you can exchange it for, so higher prices means money is worth less. Monthly inflation is quoted either as ""a year, ending on that month"" or ""since the previous month"".  As the values differ by more than a factor of 10, you can usually tell which one is being referred to when they say ""inflation in August was 0.4%, a record high"" or ""inflation in August was 3.6%"".  You do need some context of the state of the economy, and how surprised the people talking about the numbers are.  Sometimes they refer to inflation since the last month, and then annualize it, which adds to the confusion. ""Consumer Inflation""'s value depends on what the basket of goods is, and what you define as the same ""good"".  Is a computer this year the same as the last?  If the computer is 10x faster, do you ignore that, or factor it in? What basket do you use?  The typical monthly consumables purchased by a middle class citizen?  By a poor citizen?  By a rich citizen?  A mixture, and if so which mixture? More detailed inflation figures can focus on inflation facing each quntile of the population by household income, split durable goods from non-durable goods from services, split wage from non-wage inflation, ignore volatile things like food and energy, etc. Inflation doesn't directly cause prices to raise; instead it is a measure of how much raise in prices happened.  It can easily be a self-fullfilling prophesy, as inflation expectations can lead to everyone automatically increasing the price they charge for everything (wages, goods, etc). Inflation can be viewed as a measurement of the ""cost of holding cash"".  At 10% inflation per year, holding a million dollars in cash for a year costs you 100,000$ in buying power.  At 1% inflation it costs 10,000$.  At 0.1% inflation, 1000$. Inflation of 10% in one year, followed by 10% the next, adds up to 1.1*1.1-1 = 21% inflation over the two years.  For low inflation numbers this acts a lot like adding; the further from 0% you get the more the lower-order terms make the result larger.  1% inflation for two years adds up to 2.01%, 10% over two years 21%, 100% over two years 300%, 1000% over two years 12000%, etc.  (and yes, some places suffer 1000% inflation)"
"Basically, your CC is (if normal) compounded monthly, based on a yearly APR. To calculate the amount of interest you'd pay on each of these accounts in a year, pull up a spreadsheet like Office Excel. Put in your current balance, then multiply it by the annual interest rate divided by 12, and add that quantity to the balance. Subtract any payment you make, and the result is your new balance. You can project this out for several months to get a good estimate of what you'll pay; in accounting or finance terms, what you're creating is an ""amortization table"". So, with a $10,000 balance, at 13.99% interest and making payments of $200/mo, the amortization table for one year's payments might look like: As you can see, $200 isn't paying down this card very quickly. In one year, you will have paid $2,400, of which $1,332.25 went straight into the bank's pockets in interest charges, reducing your balance by only $1,067.75. Up the payments to $300/mo, and in 1 year you will have paid $3,600, and only been charged $1,252.24 in interest, so you'll have reduced your balance by $2,347.76 to only $7,652.24, which further reduces interest charges down the line. You can track the differences in the Excel sheet and play ""what-ifs"" very easily to see the ramifications of spending your $5,000 in various ways. Understand that although, for instance, 13.99% may be your base interest rate, if the account has become delinquent, or you made any cash advances or balance transfers, higher or lower interest rates may be charged on a portion of the balance or the entire balance, depending on what's going on with your account; a balance transfer may get 0% interest for a year, then 19.99% interest after that if not paid off. Cash advances are ALWAYS charged at exorbitantly high rates, up to 40% APR.  Most credit card bills will include what may be called an ""effective APR"", which is a weighted average APR of all the various sub-balances of your account and the interest rates they currently have. Understand that your payment first pays off interest accrued during the past cycle, then pays down the principal on the highest-interest portion of the balance first, so if you have made a balance transfer to another card and are using that card for purchases, the only way to avoid interest on the transfer at the post-incentive rates is to pay off the ENTIRE balance in a year. The minimum payment on a credit card USED to be just the amount of accrued interest or sometimes even less; if you paid only the minimum payment, the balance would never decrease (and may increase). In the wake of the 2008 credit crisis, most banks now enforce a higher minimum payment such that you would pay off the balance in between 3 and 5 years by making only minimum payments. This isn't strictly required AFAIK, but because banks ARE required by the CARD Act to disclose the payoff period at the minimum payment (which would be ""never"" under most previous policies), the higher minimum payments give cardholders hope that as long as they make the minimum payments and don't charge any more to the card, they will get back to zero."
"Michael Moore is full of shit. Companies these days are competing in a global marketplace. If you can't stay competative, you get left behind - there are no ""home countries"" and no loyalty to either any one nation or employees anymore.  If your job got outsourced then I'm sorry - you were doing menial labor. Skilled work rarely gets outsourced because the Asian labor market doesn't have the skilled workforce to handle it right now. Maybe in 10 years they will, but right now the only kind of work they do is grunt work."
Click http://AdamEve.com enter offer code MOB50 at the checkout and get 50% Off on almost any single item, Free Shipping, 3 Hot DVDs, and a mystery gift.   The Lucidity Skye LED Clit Vibe is a twinkling clit vibrator that lights up your sex life! Grab this amazing clit vibe at Adam &amp; Eve and experience this fun toy’s teasers and ticklers, as well as its exciting LED light.  Adam and Eve is the America’s Trusted Store for Adult Products for 45 years!  ✔ Adam and Eve Triple Guarantee ✔ No Hassle 90 Days Return ✔ Discreet Billing and Shipping ✔ 24/7 Customer Service
Whole life policies have its own useful purpose, but it is never meant to be a vehicle that allows you to maximize cash value accumulation. Yes, you can buy term and invest the difference. Assuming you set out to reduce your liabilities to zero/minimum when that term policy ends or you have no such desires to transfer your wealth to your next of kin income tax free. Indexed universal life and variable universal life is much better suited for cash value accumulation when looking at life insurance products.
Sure, with some general rules of thumb: what is the minimum portfolio balance to avoid paying too much for transaction fees? Well, the fee doesn't change with portfolio balance or order size, so I don't know what you're trying to do here.  The way to have less transaction fees is to have less transactions.  That means no day-trading, no option rolling, etc.  A Buy-and-hold strategy (with free dividend reinvestment if available) will minimize transaction fees.
Try the following apps/services: Receipt Bank (paid service, gathers paper receipts, scans them and processes the data), I've tested it, and it recognizing receipts very well, taking picture is very quick and easy, then you can upload the expenses into your accounting software by a click or automatically (e.g. FreeAgent), however the service it's a bit expensive. They've apps for Android and iPhone. Expentory (app and cloud-based service for capturing expense receipts on the move),
You are using interchangeably borrow/loan and gift. They are very different. For the mortgage company, they would prefer that the money from friends and family be a gift. If it is a loan, then you  have an obligation to pay it back. If they see money added to your bank accounts in the months just before getting the loan, they will ask for the source of the money. Anything you claim as a gift will be required to be documented by you and the person making the gift. You don't want to lie about it, and have the other person lie about it. They will make you sign documents, if they catch you in a lie you can lose the loan, or be prosecuted for fraud. If the money from friends and family is a loan, the payments for the loan will impact the amount of money you can borrow. From the view of the IRS the gift tax only comes into play if during one calendar year a person makes a gift to somebody else of 14,000 or more. There are two points related to this. It is person-to-person. So if your dad gives you 14K, and your mom gives you 14K, and your dad gives your wife 14k and your mom gives your wife 14K; everything is fine. So two people can give 2 people 56K in one year. Please use separate checks to make it clear to the IRS. If somebody gives a gift above the exclusion limit for the year, they will have to complete IRS form 709. This essentially removes the excess amount from their life time exclusion, in other words from their estate.  Nothing to worry about from the IRS. The bank wants to see the documentation. Also you are not a charity, so they can't claim it as a donation. Why do you have 6,000 in cash sitting around. The mortgage company will want an explanation for all large deposits so you better have a good explanation. From the IRS FAQ on Gift Taxes: What can be excluded from gifts? The general rule is that any gift is   a taxable gift. However, there are many exceptions to this rule.   Generally, the following gifts are not taxable gifts. Number 3 on the list is the one you care about.
"We have one of the most business friendly countries in the world, especially banking friendly, and it is not enough for him. It's just a Republican talking point when he says ""we have become one of the most bureaucratic, confusing, litigious societies on the planet."" It's just another head of an insanely rich corporation wishing they didn't have anything in their way to doing everything they wanted to do to be even more rich. Cry me a river."
Buy a house when you can, but keep driving your current car until it dies. In ten years' time, a house should be worth more than you paid for it, while a new car will be worth next to nothing. And research shows that buying possessions like cars doesn't actually make you happier, even though you think it will.
"I just heard a lot of ""They should have known better"" lately. On an individual basis there are no excuses for borrowing more than you can pay. However if that many people do it all at the exact same time in dealings with the exact same person, I think it's safe to say the person the are all dealing with might be working against their customers best interests."
"Rebalancing is, simply, a way of making sure your risk/reward level is where you want it to be. Let's say you've decided that your optimal mix is 50% stocks and 50% bonds (or 50% US stocks, 50% international, or 30/30/30 US large-cap/US small-cap/US midcap...).  So you buy $100 of each, but over time, the prices will of course fluctuate.  At the end of the year, the odds that the ratio of the value of your investments is equal to the starting ratio is nil.  So you rebalance to get your target mix again. Rebalance too often and you end up paying a lot in transaction fees.  Rebalance not often enough and you end up running outsize risk. People who tell you that you should rebalance to make money, or use ""dollar cost averaging"" or think there is any upside to rebalancing outside of risk management are making assumptions about the market (mean regressing or some such thing) that generally you should avoid."
As I stated above only 50% of the Bahamian economy is tourism, that's a large portion still but not the 90% you claimed it to be so your credibility is suspect at best and it doesn't matter what their economy is reliant on were are talking about income taxes here and they have a strong enough economy and infrastructure for it to be considered a successful tax free country. Everyone country is reliant on something to keep their economy afloat so to diminish how their system works based on that is ridiculous at best. Tourism is almost always a strong economic policy especially for a beautiful nation of islands.
"For an example of a company that didn't do that, see Google:  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1652044/000165204417000014/goog10-qq12017.htm  [emphasis added]  &gt;""Adoption of ASC Topic 606, ""Revenue from Contracts with Customers"" On January 1, 2017, we adopted Topic 606 using the **modified retrospective method** applied to those contracts which were not completed as of January 1, 2017. Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2017 are presented under Topic 606, while **prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic accounting under Topic 605.** We **recorded a net reduction to opening retained earnings of $15 million as of January 1, 2017 due to the cumulative impact of adopting Topic 606**, with the impact primarily related to our non-advertising revenues. The impact to revenues for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was an increase of $14 million as a result of applying Topic 606."""
Three things  They are the nexus in the nexus of contracts theory.  They do qualitative maturity transformation. Ie, borrow money short and lend it long.  They also aggregate risk that others don't Want to take and sell it to people who do want it. Managing this risk effectively explains 99% of what a bank does.
The average home in San Francisco is about $1.3 million.  So yes, millionaires.      Prop 13 is generationally discriminatory.  It is terrible tax policy.        If you want to lower property taxes, then make that case.   Making taxes cheaper for older residents than younger irrespective of their socioeconomic situation is just dumb tax policy.  It benefits the rich, to the detriment of the poor and middle class.
I think I came across wrong. I did not mean to imply that they didn't. I think I should have clarified by saying most business owners put in a ton of work, and most of the successful business owners also got lucky. My point was that the work is a prerequisite to getting lucky.
Almost every screener is able to do this. Please put effort into researching.  Take the difference between http://finviz.com/screener.ashx?v=111&f=sh_avgvol_o1000,sh_price_u10,ta_highlow52w_nh&ft=4 and http://finviz.com/screener.ashx?v=111&f=sh_avgvol_o1000,sh_price_u5,ta_highlow52w_nh&ft=4 to get your results.  Even MSN Money can do this http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/stockscreener/52weekhighs
"This was purely an attempt to cash in on an overpriced fad.  ""Designer"" juices are a craze that leads people to buy insanely expensive exotic ingredients like fruits and vegetables, as well as spending hundreds apiece on blenders and different sorts of juicers.  In fact, this has driven up the price of those kitchen appliances very substantially.  There are juice bars selling designer juice blends for $12 a serving, each claimed to promote something such as memory, focus, deep thinking, concentration, relaxation, muscle tone, reduced anxiety, and more, all based on pseudo- or junk science."
"I know you've clarified that you're in the US, but in case anyone else comes across this question: in the UK this is completely normal (including if you still have outstanding mortgage on your current home). We end up with long ""chains"" of buyers and sellers all completing / moving on the same day so that the proceeds from one sale can be used as the downpayment on the next."
In the event that you are intending to party it up, don't falter to rent a party bus limo. There is a wide assortment of party bus limos where you can look over. Limos are magnificent for exceptional occasions. This tasteful and sleek auto is a legend.
Adding to the very good advises above - Concentrate on costs related to investment activity. Note all expenses and costs that you pay. Keep it low.
I like the user-driven aspect of Yelp. I can look and see a review posted last week that says such-and-such a business is still good. And it can be a restaurant or auto repair or a florist or an ice cream truck that sells meth out of an abandoned gas station. The idea of Yelp is still really good, it's just the corruption that's killing it.
Since we have Amazon warehouses in Phoenix I get about a quarter of the stuff same day and most of it in 1 day. 1 and 2day is always UPS. If it's same day(ordered after 10pm or before 6am) it's a toss up between DHL, UPS, or a few times, a guy in his car.
"The topic you are apparently describing is ""safe withdrawal rates"", more here. Please, note that the asset allocation is crucial decision with your rates. If you continue to keep a lot in cash, you cannot withdraw too much money ""to live and to travel"" because the expected return from cash is too low in the long run. In contrast, if you moved to more sensible decision like 30% bonds and 70% world portfolio -- the rates will me a lot different. As you are 30 years old, you could pessimist suppose to live next 100 years -- then your possible withdrawal rates would be much lower than let say over 50 years. Anyway besides deciding asset allocation, you need to estimate the time over which you need your assets. You have currently 24% in liquid cash and 12% in bonds but wait you use the word ""variety of funds"" with about 150k USD, what are they? Do you have any short-term bonds or TIPS as inflation hedge? Do you miss small and value? What is your sector allocation between small-med-large and value-blend-growth? If you are risk-averse, you could add some value small. Read the site, it does much better job than any question-answer site can do (the link above)."
There is a fundamental flaw in this statement:  For example, a home bought cash $100,000 would have to be sold $242,726.247 30 years later just to make up with inflation, and that would be a 0% return. You forgot to deduct rent from your monthly carrying costs.  That changes the calculations significantly.   Your calculations are valid ONLY if you were to buy a house, and let it sit empty, which is unlikely.  Either you are going to live in it, and save yourself $1000 a month in rent, or, you are going to rent it out to someone, and earn an income of $1000 a month. Either way, you're up $1000 a month and this needs to be included.
"Having lived in a couple of coutries my perspective on this is ""Do apartments gain value or lose value in your area over time?"" I've lived in areas where the age of the building vs the inflation of home values has meant apartments steadily lose value and in other areas where they keep up with or beat inflation for most of the life of the building.  Have your real estate agent take a look at the market and see how much a similar apartment in an older building goes for.  If it seems like apartments rapidly depreciate then it may be a good time to take a win.  If age isn't a huge factor in price then it probably doesn't make sense to get rid of a cash generator to put the money into other investments."
"Your employer could consider procuring benefits via a third party administrator, which provides benefits to and bargains collectively on behalf of multiple small companies.  I used to work for a small start-up that did exactly that to improve their benefits across the board, including the 401k.  The fees were still higher than buying a Vanguard index or ETF directly, but much better than the 1% you're talking about.   In the meantime, here's my non-professional advice from personal experience and hindsight: If you're in a low/medium tax bracket and your 401k sucks, you might be better off to pay the tax up front and invest in a taxable account for the flexibility (assuming you're disciplined enough that you don't need the 401k to protect you from yourself).  If you max out a crappy 401k today, you might miss a better opportunity to contribute to a 401k in the future.  Big expenses could pop up at exactly the same time you get better investment options.   Side note: if not enough employees participate in the 401k, the principals won't be able to take full advantage of it themselves.  I think it's called a ""nondiscrimination test"" to ensure that the plan benefits all employees, not just the owners and management.  So voting with your feet might be the best way to spark improvement with your employer.  Good luck!"
"SQL is for coders - you want an analysis job.  You're probably having trouble because you don't have a lot of experience and they're looking for a ""straight path"" to those narrow job descriptions.  I would cold call some of those organizations you want to work at and don't simply rely on submitting an application.  Not sure how you're pursuing your job search, but if you're just applying and crossing your fingers, you're doing it wrong.  Get a premium membership to LinkedIn to begin with, then call and talk to anyone who will listen - make sure you have a solid story to to tell them and a way to highlight your skills."
If you are in an economy which has a decent liquid debt market (corporate bonds, etc.), then you may look into investing in AA or AA+ rated bonds. They can provide higher returns than bank deposits and are virtually risk-free. (Though in severe economic downturns, you can see defaults in even very high-rated bonds, leading to partial or complete loss of value however, this is statistically quite rare). You can make this investment through a debt mutual fund but please make sure that you read through the offer document carefully to understand the investment style of the mutual fund and their expense ratio (which directly affect your returns). In any case, it is always recommended to reach out to an investment adviser who is good with local tax laws to minimize taxes and maximize returns.
Ultimately, you are the one that is responsible for your tax filings and your payments (It's all linked to your SSN, after all). If this fee/interest is the result of a filing error, and you went through a preparing company which assumes liability for their own errors, then you should speak to them. They will likely correct this and pay the fees.  On the other hand, if this is the result of not making quarterly payments, then you are responsible for it. (Source: Comptroller of Maryland Site) If you [...] do not have Maryland income taxes withheld by an employer, you can make quarterly estimated tax payments as part of a pay-as-you-go plan. If your employer does withhold Maryland taxes from your pay, you may still be required to make quarterly estimated income tax payments if you develop a tax liability that exceeds the amount withheld by your employer by more than $500. From this watered-down public-facing resource, it seems like you'll get hit with fees for not making quarterly payments if your tax liability exceeds $500 beyond what is withheld (currently: $0).
I don't want an underslept doctor anywhere near me.  That's how wrong limbs get amputated.  The fact that this kind of abuse happens with doctors is not a green light for cops to do the same.
"you could get a discover card and then just ""freeze"" it.  you might need to unfreeze it for a few minutes when you sign up for a new service, but it is unlikely an ongoing subscription would process a charge in that window. i believe merchants are charged a small fee for a transaction even if it is declined, so they won't try constantly forever. discover account freeze faq capitalone offers this freeze feature on their ""360"" debit cards. you can even freeze and unfreeze your card from their mobile app. this feature is becoming more common at small banks and credit unions too. i know of 2 small local banks that offer it. in fact, almost any bank can give you a debit card, then set the daily POS limit to 0$, effectively making it an atm-only card. but you may need to call the bank to get that limit temporarily lifted whenever you want to sign up for a new service. alternatively, jejorda2's suggestion of virtual account numbers is a good idea. several banks (including discover) have discontinued that feature, but i believe citi, and boa still offer them. side notes:"
"The ""conventional wisdom"" is that you should have about 5% of your portfolio in gold. But that's an AVERAGE. Meaning that you might want to have 10% at some times (like now) and 0% in the 1980s. Right now, the price of gold has been rising, because of fears of ""easing"" Fed monetary policy (for the past decade), culminating in recent ""quantitative easing."" In the 1980s, you should have had 0% in gold given the fall of gold in 1981 because of Paul Volcker's monetary tightening policies, and other reasons. Why did gold prices drop in 1981? And a word of caution: If you don't understand the impact of ""quantitative easing"" or ""Paul Volcker"" on gold prices, you probably shouldn't be buying it."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.businessinsider.com/rest-and-vest-millionaire-engineers-who-barely-work-silicon-valley-2017-7) reduced by 96%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; OGs refer to engineers who worked at the company before the IPO. &amp;quot;Their Facebook stock quadruples and they don&amp;#039;t leave. They are really good engineers, really indispensable. And then they start to pull 9-5 days,&amp;quot; this person said.  &gt; Facebook declined to comment but several engineers told us that Facebook has a reputation of requiring long hours from their engineers.  &gt; &amp;quot;Most of my friends at Google work four hours a day. They are senior engineers and don&amp;#039;t work hard. They know the Google system, know when to kick into gear. They are engineers, so they optimized the performance cycles of their own jobs,&amp;quot; one engineer described.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6s69a6/inside_the_world_of_silicon_valleys_coasters_the/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~185383 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **engineer**^#1 **work**^#2 **company**^#3 **vest**^#4 **Google**^#5"
"All life insurance is pretty much the same when it comes to cost. You can run the numbers over certain time period and the actual cost of insurance is about the same. A simplified way to explain life insurance and the differences between them below: The 3 characteristics of life insurance: There are 5 popular types of life insurance and they are: Term Whole Life Universal Life Variable Universal Life Indexed Universal Life But first, one must understand the most basic life insurance which is called Annual Renewable Term:  This is a policy that covers 1 year and is renewable every year after. The cost of insurance typically increases each year as the insured ages. So for every year of coverage, your premium increases like in the simplified illustration above. This is the building block of all life insurance, term or permanent. There is no cash value; all premium goes to the cost of insurance.  This is an ART that spans over a longer time period than 1 year (say 5, 10, 15, 20 or 30 years). All the cost is added together then divided by the number of years of coverage to give a level premium payment for the duration of the policy. The longest coverage offered these days is 30 years. There is no cash value; all premium goes to the cost of insurance. The premium is fixed (level) for the term specified. If the policy comes to an end and the owner wishes to renew it, it will be at higher premium. This can be seen in the simplified illustration above for a 15-year term policy.  Because life insurance gets very expensive as you reach old age, life insurance companies came up with a way to make it affordable for the consumer wishing to have coverage for their entire lifespan. They allow you to have interest rate crediting on the cash value account inside the policy.  To have cash value in the first place, you must pay premiums that are more than the cost of insurance. The idea is: your cash value grows over time to help pay for the cost of insurance in the later stages of the policy, where the cost of insurance is typically higher. This is illustrated above in an overly simplified way. This is a permanent life insurance policy that is designed to cover the lifespan of the insured. There is cash value that is credited on a fixed interest rate specified by the insurance company (typically 3-5%). The premium is fixed for the life of the policy. It was designed for insuring the entire lifespan of the insured. This is variation of Whole Life. There is cash value; it is credited on a fixed interest rate specified by the insurance company, but it does fluctuate year to year depending on the economy (typically 3-6%). The premium is flexible; you can increase/decrease the premium.  This is basically a universal life policy, but the cash value sits in an account that is invested in the market, normally mutual funds. Your interest that is being credited (to your account with your cash value from investments) is subjected to risk in the market, rise/fall with the market depending on the portfolio of your choosing, hence the word ""Variable"". You take on the risk instead of the insurance company. It can be a very good product if the owner knows how to manage it (just like any other investment products). This is a hybrid of the UL and the VUL. The interest rate depends on the performance of a market index or a set of market indices. The insurance company states a maximum interest rate (or cap) you can earn up to and a guaranteed minimum floor on your cash value interest that will be credited (typically 0% floor and 12% cap). It is purely a method to credit you interest rate. It takes the market risk out of the equation but still retains some of the growth potential of the market. Term policy is designed for temporary coverage. There is no cash value accumulation. Permanent policies such as whole life, universal life, variable universal life and indexed universal life have a cash value accumulation component that was originally designed to help pay for the cost of insurance in the later stages of the policy when the insured is at an advanced age, so it can cover the entire lifespan of the insured. People do take advantage of that cash value component and its tax advantages for retirement income supplement and maximize the premium contribution. Always remember that life insurance is a life insurance product, and not an investment vehicle. There is a cost of insurance that you are paying for. But if you have life insurance needs, you might as well take advantage of the cash value accumulation, deferred tax growth, and tax-free access that these permanent policies offer."
I remember the day I realized that P&amp;G made both Dawn and Joy dish soap. I have always been confused why a company would produce two dish soaps to compete with itself. I assume one of them is finally on the way out.
There are some calculators that you can use to figure out the best approach, such as this one by CNN. But in general the rule of thumb tends to be the following: For the purposes of the Best Buy card, I would put it up there at number one so you don't get hit with the deferred interest. No point in giving them more money if you can pay them before the end of the cycle.  Next, I would look at what you have for emergency savings, if you have an account established and that is at a comfortable number than putting the money towards the Citi card might be good, otherwise, split part of the money between savings and the credit cards. If an emergency pops up you don't want to dig a deeper hole because you can't pay for something with cash.
Valley Dental Associates is the first name in Hagerstown, MD dentistry. With a team of seasoned oral health specialists available to address your individual needs, you can count on Valley Dental Associates to have you in, out and smiling in no time.
Take a look at Google Checkout but keep in mind that there is a different list of countries that they support as sellers vs. buyers. The buyer list is much more comprehensive, and I believe covers CIS (Russia, Ukraine and Belarus) while the seller list does not (yet) which means that your client will need to create a U.S. or U.K. based entity to accept payments, however they will be able to accept payments from buyers both in CIS and internationally.  Удачи.
Look up You Need A Budget...the methodology is really the key and the software is elegant and practical.  It's not about tracking spending, it's about planning what your dollars are going to do.  The application automates much of the budget planning and data entry as it remembers your input (and is totally customizable).  If you follow their basic blueprint, you can spend just minutes a week.  They offer free online classes too (love this).  I do not have skin in their game but have been a fan since it was just a spreadsheet. And yes, they have a mobile app, which means you can enter transactions on the go with just a few taps and then have your data synced across the cloud or just across your network.
Be very careful to hold on tight to your money! I agree with paying for an investment advisor, but I would say use at least two to get different viewpoints, and get credentials and references! Don't let relatives convince you to invest in their business, or help them out, or any other such nonsense. Real estate still is one of the best investments out there in my opinion. You could buy a fixer upper and rent it out?
"The Roth/Traditional decision is complex, but can be broken down into a set of simple rules.  Ideally, you want to choose to tax your money at the lowest possible rate. This specifically refers to your marginal rate, the rate you last $100 was taxed or next $100 of income with be taxed. That, in itself, is another issue, answered with questions here discussing marginal rates.  My suggestion has been that if you are in the 15% bracket, use Roth. And continue to do so until you hit 25%. At that point, begin to shift to the traditional, pre-tax 401(k) or IRA. (My article The 15% solution, goes into detail on this, although it references the 2013 tax rates. I need to re-edit). If you are already in the 25% bracket, I'd suggest just going pre-tax. Given the ability to convert, it's not as if there are 2 points in time (deposit and withdrawal) but you can decide every year if your situation changes. It's not uncommon to get married, have a baby, buy a house, and find you just dropped back down to 15% marginal rate when you were solidly 25% prior.  Let me explain why you should go 100% pretax if already at 25%.  A single person hits the top of the 15% bracket (in 2017) at $37,950 taxable. Add the standard deduction and exemption, and you are at $48,350. The tax on this is $5226, less than 10% average, despite the next $100 being taxed at 25%. It would take over $1M to have an account large enough to withdraw $40K/yr.  If you blow through that number, you hit 25%, I agree, but why pay 25% now, for sure, to avoid 'maybe' hitting 25% later? You have decades of opportunities for conversion, and even more when the funds are transferred to IRAs if you have a job change. (And the conversion discussion has multiple layers when the IRA is involved) Say you are 'too' successful. You are hitting $2M before age 55. If you retire post-55, you can withdraw from the 401(k) penalty free. But, you have 15 years before you'd start to take SS benefits. 15 years to use conversions, even if pushing into 25%, to reduce the impact of SS taxation.  My advice is not a set-and-forget solution. It's an annual evaluation of the plan for the coming year.  Further notes on my choice of ""15% Solution"" - This is the 2017 tax table for singles -  I note that median individual income is ~$30K which puts that median single at ~20K taxable. This is where the analysis begins. This earner might have upward mobility, to reach the 25% bracket and begin to save pre-tax. The goal would be to have a mix of pre/post tax money, so that over the course of their life, the 25% bracket was avoided, perhaps completely.  In general, my writing tend towards the second highest quintile, the 60-80% slice of the population. The numbers might appear arbitrary, but, in the end, the discussion has to start someplace. The concept I described here is best implemented by the single or couple who is still at 15%, but soon pushing higher than the 15/25 line. This enables them to start by saving in the Roth, and slowly shifting towards pre-tax. The final mix at retirement depends on that timing as well as their opportunities for conversions along the way.  Part of my focus on that line is that the differential is greatest in bracket shifts between 15 and 25%. Much of the benefit in the whole IRA/401 discussion is in that shift, depositing at 25%, yet withdrawing at 15%. The 28% couple might wish to avoid the 33% bracket at retirement, but that level of income impacts far fewer people, and fewer still that are either reading these boards or my other writing."
Shop Supplies, one of the most renowned shop fittings in Melbourne, Australia, adds to its selection of “SPECIALS FROM SHOP SUPPLIES” a whole new range of interesting shop display cabinets and shelving.  The core aim of Shop Supplies is not only to provide customers with quality shop fittings but offer them an opportunity to stock up on beautiful display and storage units for their retail store while saving big on their purchases.  Visit the site for more details.
You can save around hundred dollars per month, mostly the teens are attracted by this method. If you are a frequent shopper and want to get the recent updates about the coupons available then you can sign up with the website and they will send you the email subscriptions.
Daycare which provides adequate care for your kids while you are working or otherwise not able to cater and care for them has become a business like any other There are many popular daycare franchise opportunities are available in every state.  Examples of daycare franchise opportunities are TechJOYnT Foundation, The Growing Room and Discovery Express among others. While about STEM franchise, it is everywhere. No matter what career path your child might choose, STEM will be an important part of their day. Click here for more details: https://codingforkidsfranchise.wordpress.com/2017/09/22/daycare-franchise-opportunities-vs-stem-franchise-opportunities/
"I'm not racist immediately followed by ""all Muslims do this"". It's not even true! Just like it's not true that all Christians follow the Bible to the T. In fact, almost NO Christians stone gays and beat their wives. What's the difference? One of those groups looks like you, and the other does not.   You're a racist. You may not have bad intent with it, but the words you're saying ABSOLUTELY ARE racist. The fact that you can't even understand how it could be taken as racist is telling.   The part I don't get is why you think 0.001% of a population represents the remaining 99.999%. If you could explain that disconnect to me, then maybe I would understand your backwards views a little more. Until then, kindly stop spouting your ignorant garbage. Thanks."
So have different rules for industries whose product cycles are 2 to 3 years.  * Computer software patents are good for a year * Computer hardware patents are good for two years * Pick some other industries that need adjustment. * Leave the rest as is. * Revisit every 5 to 10 years to assign patent lengths on a per-industry basis.
"How can anyone read that and not think ""I'm quite possibly out of a job if the boss' political choice doesn't win""?   The choices offered them are clear: IF they want to keep their job, there's no room for considering there at all."
Yeah those tablets came out with a lofty goal. They wanted to price them at the same price as an Apple product. The only problem was no one wanted one at that price.  I still to this day dont understand Microsoft and the pricing of the tablets when they first came out.   Look at google and what there doing. Low priced tablets and computers. The opposite of what Microsoft is doing. I dont begrudge Microsoft wanting  in on the tablet and app market. I still think the Pro is overpriced for what it does, its close to 1 thousand dollars.
This doesn't make much sense. What costs are you referring to? And aren't they using roads, airports etc that federal money goes into? Do you think payroll taxes paid through employees should be the major consideration on payment of taxes for corporations? Also, do you think European criticism of Amazon for avoiding paying taxes is off-base?
"Don't compare investing with a roll of the dice, compare it with blackjack and the decision to stand or hit, or put more money on the table (double down or increase bet size) , based on an assessment of the state of the table and history.  A naive strategy of say ""always hitting to 16"" isn't as awful as randomly hitting and standing (which, from time to to time will draw to 21 fair and square) , but there's a basic strategy that gets close to 50% and by increasing or decreasing bet based on counting face cards can get into positive expectations. Randomly buying and selling stock is randomly hitting.  Buying a market index fund is like always hitting to 16.  Determining an asset allocation strategy and periodically rebalancing is basic strategy.  Adjusting allocations based on business cycle and economic indicators is turning skill into advantage."
why can't I just use the same trick with my own shares to make money on the way    down? Because if you sell shares out of your own portfolio, by definition, you are not selling short at all. If you sell something you own (and deliver it) - then there is no short involved. A short is defined as a net negative position - i.e. you sell shares you do not have. Selling shares you own is selling shares you own - no short involved. You must borrow the shares for a short because in the stock market, you must DELIVER. You can not deliver shares you do not own. The stock market does not work on promises - the person who bought the shares expects ownership of them with all rights that gives them. So you borrow them to deliver them, then return them when you buy them back.
I did read a bit of current economics before commenting on the this topic. Name of the countries do not matter - from what I see I have referred to them quite clearly. Maybe I hit the truth chord somewhere there hence your off-bitter mark. It is nothing to do with economics and more politics (read ego and power play) than anything else. Of course, Truth always sucks.
You can expect about a 7% return when investing in the general market if your horizon is ten years or more. The market fluctuates, which means that you should be absolutely fine with losing 10% or more of your invested money during this period. You say yourself that: I have been setting aside money (...) into a savings account earmarked for that purpose (repairs/maintenance) so that I don't have to take out loans. It's obvious from your question that the purpose of this money is not savings, this is money that you are already investing, not in stocks or bonds but in your house. While this money sits around, of course you could put it into the market and hope that it grows. It all depends on your horizon, which in your case sounds like about 1 year. Is that long enough to be fairly sure you will make a profit? From what I've written so far, hopefully you can gather that the answer is no. If you choose to invest $6,000 but you need that money back in one year, you need to be aware of the risk that you'll instead end up with $5,400 or even less. Your options are then to: If you're asking for personal advice, my opinion would be this: you're already investing in your house. The housing market, like most markets, fluctuate. Whether you like it or not, you're already a victim (or benefactor) of this value fluctuation. The difference is that a house is something you'll live in for a long time (probably), that will give you daily joy in a way stocks and bonds won't. Of course, saving up money and investing them is always a good idea anyway. You should still save a small amount every month and put it into low/medium risk bonds, in my opinion.
"A simple way to account debt forgiveness of your receivables is to utilize a ""Bad Debt"" expense account. Take the following two examples: If you are only forgiving a portion of the principle, another popular term used is Principle Reduction as the expense account."
I feel like there is a lot of media and confirmation bias involved. I'm not necessarily disagreeing with you but it's easy to point out examples where moves to cut costs have ended badly. It's unlikely to make the news if cost cutting moves are successful. For example let's say with the Schlitz example, the new process they used was in fact successful and didn't result in a loss of quality. That wouldn't be as big in the news as screwing up would be.
"In Frank Abagnale's book ""Art of the Steal"" the author talks about how to set up a bank account for safe wire transfers. He recommends setting up an account at your regular bank and specifying that money can be transferred into that account from another bank, and out to your regular account only. You are then free to give the necessary transfer information to whomever you want, knowing full well they can't take money out. This guy should know what he's talking about since he's an ex-confidence man legitimately working as an American security consultant."
"Of course CDs are worth it compared to the stock market. In fact, most institutional investors are envious of the CDs you have access to as an individual investor that are unavailable to them. You just need to be competent enough to shop around for the best rates and understand your time horizon. There are several concepts to understand here: Banks give out CDs with competitive rates projecting future interest rates. So while the Federal funds rate is currently extremely low, banks know that in order to get any takers on their CDs they have to factor in the public expectation that rates will rise, so if you lock in a longer term CD you get a competitive rate. Institutional investors do not have access to FDIC insured CDs and the closest analog they participate in are the auctions and secondary markets of US Treasuries. These two types of assets have equivalent default (non-)risk if held to maturity: backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Here are the current rates (as of question's date) taken from Vanguard that I can get on CDs versus Treasuries (as an individual investor). Notice that CDs outperform Treasuries across any maturity timescale! For fixed-income and bond allocations, institutional investors are lining up for buying treasuries. And yet here you are saying ""CDs are not worth it."" Might want to rethink that. Now going into the stock market as an investor with expectations of those high returns you quote, means you're willing to stay there for the long-term (at least a decade) and stay the course during volatility to actually have any hope of coming up with the average rate of return. Even then, there's the potential downside of risk that you still lose principal after that duration. So given that assumption, it's only fair to compare against >= 10 year CDs which are currently rated at 2 percent APY. In addition, CDs can be laddered -- allowing you to lock-in newer (and potentially higher) rates as they become available. You essentially stagger your buyin into these investments, and either reinvest upon the stilted maturity dates or use as income. Also keep in mind that while personal emergencies requiring quick access to cash can happen at any time, the most common scenario is during the sudden change from a bull market into a recession -- the time when stocks plummet. If you need money right away, selling your stocks at these times would lock in severe losses, whereas with CDs you still won't lose principal with an early exit and the only penalty is usually a sacrifice of a few months of potential interest. It's easy to think of the high yields during a protracted bull market (such as now), but personal finance has a huge behavioral component to it that is largely ignored until it's too late. One risk that isn't taken care of by either CDs or Treasuries is inflation risk. All the rates here and in the original question are nominal rates, and the real return will depend on inflation (or deflation). There are other options here besides CDs, Treasuries, and the stock market to outpace inflation if you'd like to hedge that risk with inflation protection: Series I Savings Bonds and TIPS."
"Don't forget they're trying to rip that fabric of society away from everyone else. They demand their social security, but fight tooth and nail to take food stamps away from others. They had quality K-12 and nearly free higher education, but do everything they can to cut spending on education, cut teacher pay, etc. They have Medicare but want to take any kind of healthcare safety net away from everyone else. And then they blame the young for not buying enough houses and ""wrecking"" the economy."
That 2t is if you invest the money for a decade before cutting checks, which is the methodology with which I mentioned I disagree.  From the article:  &gt; After spending a little quality time in Microsoft Excel, I’d say it’s somewhere the ballpark of $1,350 per household, or $1,000 per worker.*  If you divide $1000 per worker by ten years, you get $100 per year, which is what I said and which the title mislabeled.  Edit: I see what you mean, I typed households instead of workers. Thanks for pointing out my typo, I edited the comment to correct and show I misspoke originally. Also I put 200b instead of 2t. Either way, the point is it is $100 per year, not $1000. I should’ve paid attention when commenting, but the point remains valid
And that's exactly why I took a coding bootcamp last winter and now am coding at a major corporation. I am working hard and improving my skillset. Others are not and may get there job automated - it is not my responsibility to support them because they didn't adapt.  I never once blamed immigrants for anything - I encourage it as it increases productivity for the country. I just think our laws should be followed and it's not moral to skip the line and commit crimes.  We must use LOGIC and Freedom not PC emotion when Governing our country.
Right, so if a federal interest rate near 0 percent is not enough to stimulate the demand for those loans, then we have pretty much exhausted what we can do with monetary policy. So the only thing left is fiscal policy - raise spending or lower taxes
You're not paranoid. But rationality isn't insurance against crashes either. Rational people caused the crash. If you've got yield-hungry clients and nothing that will give them that yield, then all the exotic instruments that were dreamed up make perfect sense to you, especially given the slap-on-the-wrist enforcement (and near-total absence of clawbacks) that prevailed before and after the crisis. And if you can get all that stuff AAA-rated? Double-bonus.  Come to think of it, I wish the article had gone into what kind of ratings if any these loan bundles were getting. I'm sure someone on here will know something about it...
Here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content:   * [Intro to Game Theory: The Prisoner’s Dilemma](https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/78d7yo/intro_to_game_theory_the_prisoners_dilemma/) on /r/Economics with 5 karma (created at 2017-10-24 11:41:38 by /u/SpaceshipAU)  * [Intro to Game Theory: The Prisoner’s Dilemma](https://www.reddit.com/r/spaceshipau/comments/76o91y/intro_to_game_theory_the_prisoners_dilemma/) on /r/spaceshipau with 1 karma (created at 2017-10-16 12:47:40 by /u/SpaceshipAU)  ----   ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot  ^^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index)-[Code](https://github.com/PokestarFan/DuplicateBot)-[Bugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypgmx/bugs_and_problems/)-[Suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypg85/suggestion_for_duplicatesbot/)-[Block](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index#wiki_block_bot_from_tagging_on_your_posts)  ^^Now ^^you ^^can ^^remove ^^the ^^comment ^^by ^^replying ^^delete!
"What does this have to do with libertarianism?  If anything, this makes the case for libertarianism.  In the future, if nearly every job is taken by a very advanced robot, which are even capable of maintaining themselves, humans would not just be left behind.  The economy needs consumers.  Instead, we would live in a world of infinite entrepreneurship, in which the means of production are nearly free for anyone, and people prosper by their ambition and drive. Everyone would own their own robots that do work on their behalf.  The amount of resources available to all would be incredible, and people would be free to do things they actually want to do.   The contrary of course, is a socialist ""utopia""; a world of everyone being dependent on the government to provide them their basic income.  Instead, we're looking at a free world in which every person is a capitalist in control of their own robots.  *^Thanks ^to ^/u/VassiliMikailovich ^for ^this.*"
So why are people still buying 15 year old Saturns or driving the same GM Denali for the last 13 years when the new cars are so much more efficient and cheaper to run?  Poor people are fucking poor.  Now you turn to Indonesia. How much do you think they are spending to maintain their vehicles? Next to nothing, that's what. They'll only fix it enough to get it running again. SAE certified mechanic? LOL, the guy between the whore house and the cigarette vendor can also do it.  How much do you think electricity costs in the Philippines? It can cost $100 USD a month to run the AC at night to get a decent sleep...The average Filipino makes less than $10 a month.
"Hmm... Maybe I somewhat misunderstood your question then.  Yes, trade deficits/surpluses are really the core of the country-level ""investment"".  But yes, it maters what they *do* with it, which is **why** so many countries put any excesses into US treasuries.   Going back to ""personal"" finance, if they pay down higher interest debt with their trade surplus, *great*; if they have no debt and can issue local currency (in PF land, ""take out a loan"") for under 2%, *great*;  If not... **Not** so great.  ""Saving"" money that costs over 2% isn't an investment, it's nothing but a loan disguised as one."
I think the answers you're going to receive are all going to be a bit subjective. Looking at it from a high-level point of view, having this budget nailed down lets you analyze: Now you've got your budget, stick to it! This is really the most important part. You've done your homework, now make sure you don't exceed it without a good reason. If you're under budget in any given month, have a plan on what to do with the excess funds. If you go over budget on a certain area, you can react accordingly.  I, personally, recommend hiring a financial planner. Ours has been a huge help with looking further down the line than we had been originally. If you show up to your first meeting with an FP and have this budgetary breakdown ready to go, you'll probably get a high-five. Well done, you!
"Vegetarian here... That's my camp exactly. I despise the taste of meat. I don't buy ""veggie burgers"" or anything similar for that reason.   This product does not interest me at all. I'm glad it exists though. Lots of people truly love meat but also care about sustainability. This is a win for them."
You need to pick out the right location for the biggest vehicle elements collection in Carolina at low-priced.  You should find the best auto elements wholesaler in Carolina. Tu Resuelve Auto Parts has a huge supply of all vehicle parts in Puerto Rico. It is a decent maker, exporters and providers of vehicle parts in Carolina. We have a wide assortment of the clutched parts and additional items of the fundamental brands open in the Tu Solves Auto Parts. As you probably are aware, a great vehicle extras vender in the USA has quietly set aside the opportunity to clarify the best cost.
But aren't there more people in every year doing more work?  That is growth.  Yes, the economy cannot continue to grow forever given that the Earth is a finite resource.  It's not clear to me we are anywhere near that point where we run out of resources.
"Note that we do not comment on specific stocks here, and have no place doing so. If your question is only about that specific stock then it is off topic. I have not tried to answer that part below. The key to valuation is predicting the net present value of all of a company's cash flows; i.e. of their future profits and losses. Through a number of methods to long to explain here investment banks and hedge funds work out what they expect the company's cash flows to be and trade so that these future profits, losses etc. are priced into the stock price. Since future cash flows, profits or whatever you want to call them are priced in, the price of a stock shouldn't move at all on an earnings statement. This begs the question ""why do some stock prices move violently when they announce earnings?"" The models that the institutional investors use are not perfect and cannot take into account everything. An unexpected craze for a product or a supply chain agreement breaking down on not being as good as it seems will not be factored into this pricing and so the price will move based on the degree to which expectation is missed or exceeded. Since penny socks are speculative their value is based far more on the long term expected cash flows and less on the short run cash flows. This goes a long way to explaining why some of the highest market capitalisation penny stocks are those making consistent losses. This means that they can be far less susceptible to price movements after an earnings announcement even if it is well out of the consensus range. Higher (potential) future value comes with the higher risks of penny stocks which discounts current value. In the end if people's expectation of the company's performance reflects reality then the profitability is priced in and there will be no price movement. If the actuality is outside of the expected range then there will be a price movement."
If it's in your name and you don't live there, there's a number of issues. If you charge her rent, it needs to be at fair value to treat it as a rental property.  If she lives there for the next 20 years, it will (or we hope) gain value. If she passes while it's in her name you get to step up the basis, and avoid tax. If in your name , the gain would be taxable.
Both are correct depending on what you are really trying to evaluate. If you only want to understand how that particular investment you were taking money in and out of did by itself than you would ignore the cash.  You might use this if you were thinking of replacing that particular investment with another but keeping the in/out strategy. If you want to understand how the whole investment strategy worked (both the in/out motion and the choice of investment) than you would definitely want to include the cash component as that is necessary for the strategy and would be your final return if you implemented that strategy. As a side note, neither IRR or CAGR are not great ways to judge investment strategies as they have some odd timing issues and they don't take into account risk.
"I'm not defending Faber, but from an statistical point your logic is terrible.  It's a lot easier to go from 2 to 4 than it is from 200 to 400 - so any undeveloped third-world country should be growing a **lot** faster than places with existing stable economies.  And to put ""fastest growing"" into context, it's 8.5%, which isn't even as big as I was expecting considering the US is growing at 3% and has a much larger base value."
An auto title loans are typically utilized by those that wish to obtain a funding with bad credit rating or no credit in any way. An auto-mobile title lending frequently called a vehicle title lending or merely title funding as well as pink slip funding’s. You merely should have a vehicle that is paid off or nearly paid off and also you could make use of the auto title as security to obtain the cash money you require, enabling you to continue driving your vehicle while paying your loan.   Get Auto Car Title Loans Chino CA and nearby cities Provide Car Title Loans, Auto Title Loans, Mobile Home Title Loans, RV/Motor Home Title Loans, Big Rigs Truck Title Loans, Motor Cycle Title Loans, Online Title Loans Near me, Bad Credit Loans, Personal Loans, Quick cash Loans   Contact Us: Get Auto Car Title Loans Chino CA 12403 Central Ave # 274,  Chino, CA 91710 909-325-3099 chinogatl@gmail.com http://getautotitleloans.com/car-and-auto-title-loans-chino-ca/
USB is the ticker for US Bancorp. The numbers to me look like their prediction of the return for the day, I could be wrong but I think that's what it is.
"My big gripe with the ICO name and corresponding mania is that it has no similarity to an IPO.  At best an ICO is a seed stage investment in a wholly unproven technology/idea/theoretical use. A developer team gets together to write a fancy whitepaper, then build out a nifty website to display the idea they are working on.  Generally this idea has no practical immediate use.  Generally this idea is still nothing more than an idea.  At best the idea will be realized by substantially reusing the open source codebase of a different coin with slight tweaks.  The developers then go get an exchange or two involved to begin trading the tokens.  One exchange even goes so far as to begin trading IOUs for the tokens before the ICO takes place.  It's shear insanity driven by this mania to have the next bitcoin for $0.00001 each. When a real organization goes through the real, regulated, IPO process it has already had its seed funding then subsequent equity financing rounds, THEN once the company has demonstrated that it has a valuable product or service and a competent management team shares are allowed to be sold to the public.  By US law, seed stage companies are forbidden from seeking investment from unaccredited investors (this doesn't mean unaccredited investors are forbidden from investing).  An accredited investor is someone with over $200,000 per year of income or a net worth of over $1,000,000.  Seed stage organizations have an exceptionally high rate of failure, no matter the proposed business.   These ICOs are little more than developers fleecing naive ""investors"" by selling them the pipe dream of being on the ground floor of the next bitcoin.  It's really appalling.  You should stay away from them, everyone should stay away from them, and the people running them should be punished."
- Do your homework. What are others at the same company getting for the same job? At different companies? Can you slice the data by years of experience? - If you nail the interview you can leverage another offer with the HR staff post interview - Try to get the interviewer to offer the first number if that's not possible offer a range. Psychology tells us that people don't like to be outside a range so you could put your lowest offer at the bottom of the range and the top +10%
Most people I talk with don't even know the difference on a simple level between the Dow, S&amp;P, Russell, Nasdaq, etc.  I tell my friends and family that they know more than they realize. I help them use their knowledge and what they see when they want to invest. Or if they prefer not to, just buy index funds.
"My problem with your argument is that you don't have one.   I'm sorry you cannot grasp the difference between mortgage backed securities and company stock or the difference between a short sale and buying a credit default swap. You keep spouting unrelated ""facts"" as if the mean something.  Did big banks short sale FB?  Who knows?  Did they buy FB CDOs?  No they didn't.  There is no such thing. Did they buy credit default swaps? No."
Walmart will continue strong growth, but as the analyst says in the article... Amazon has an insurmountable lead in online retail at this point.  Walmart is pulling away from other Brick &amp; Mortars like Walgreens, CVS, Rite Aid, but are still massively behind Amazon. All they are doing right now is working to catch up and copy, but they will need to do something massively different for any real catch-up to happen.
This is an alternative solution and it will depend where you live as to how you will have to make it work.  I am in the UK and there are a number of ways that I can use to access my money from anywhere in the world without high transaction fees. Internet banking takes care of everything else.
First, it depends on your broker.  Full service firms will tear you a new one, discount brokers may charge ~nothing.  You'll have to check with your broker on assignment fees. Theoretically, this is the case of the opposite of my answer in this question: Are underlying assets supposed to be sold/bought immediately after being bought/sold in call/put option? Your trading strategy/reasoning for your covered call notwithstanding, in your case, as an option writer covering in the money calls, you want to hold and pray that your option expires worthless.  As I said in the other answer, there is always a theoretical premium of option price + exercise price to underlying prices, no matter how slight, right up until expiration, so on that basis, it doesn't pay to close out the option. However, there's a reality that I didn't mention in the other answer: if it's a deep in the money option, you can actually put a bid < stock price - exercise price - trade fee and hope for the best since the market makers rarely bid above stock price - exercise price for illiquid options, but it's unlikely that you'll beat the market makers + hft.  They're systems are too fast. I know the philly exchange allows you to put in implied volatility orders, but they're expensive, and I couldn't tell you if a broker/exchange allows for dynamic orders with the equation I specified above, but it may be worth a shot to check out; however, it's unlikely that such a low order would ever be filled since you'll at best be lined up with the market makers, and it would require a big player dumping all its' holdings at once to get to your order. If you're doing a traditional, true-blue covered call, there's absolutely nothing wrong being assigned except for the tax implications.  When your counterparty calls away your underlyings, it is a sell for tax purposes. If you're not covering with the underlying but with a more complex spread, things could get hairy for you real quick if someone were to exercise on you, but that's always a risk.  If your broker is extremely strict, they may close the rest of your spread for you at the offer.  In illiquid markets, that would be a huge percentage loss considering the wide bid/ask spreads.
"Because I could hire some of my workers on minimum wage as well and reduce both my costs and bid prices to maintain the same margins. Everyone talks about ""at scale"" and point out the costs of ketchup packets when you're selling millions upon millions of products per year, but they forget it's just as proportional for a small business. Maybe if the model doesn't work ""at scale"" without punishing our social welfare system for a corporations benefit, it shouldn't exist."
From medicaid.gov: Although pharmacy coverage is an optional benefit under federal Medicaid law, all States currently provide coverage for outpatient prescription drugs to all categorically eligible individuals and most other enrollees within their Medicaid programs. This is related to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, which offsets the Federal and State costs of most outpatient prescription drugs dispensed to Medicaid patients. Approximately 600 drug manufacturers currently participate in this program. All fifty States and the District of Columbia cover prescription drugs under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program I can't give you any specific details about patient assistance programs, but rxaccess.sd.gov links to information about various patient assistance programs and general information about Medicaid's and Medicare's prescription drug offerings. It's conceivable that you may be eligible for a patient assistance program but not Medicaid (for all I know, the reverse may be true) but it's difficult to tell without contacting the specific company. Some patient assistance programs only apply to generic versions of the drug, while some state Medicaid programs will pay for brand names. Obviously this varies from state to state.
(Can't find the delete button on the Android app -- Family Loans are worth investigating but I'm not sure they're applicable to this case.)
&gt; stock funds that Rep. Paul does own are all “short,” or make bets against, U.S. stocks. **One is a “double inverse” fund**  Unless he's actually shorting a 2x bull ETF, he's losing money (regardless of how the benchmark is doing)
It seems that your Organizers are not familiar with dealing transfers outside of Euro Zone. You are right IBAN is not used in India.  A Bank in France can initiate an International Wire. There are few Banks that offer this online, for most one has to visit the Branch. See this https://expatriates.stackexchange.com/questions/2862/international-money-transfer-online-from-a-french-bank I am not aware of any other term used in France for International Wire, try explaining; Its also called BIC. It would help if you also provide your Correspondent Bank details [This will be a Bank in Europe]. This should be available on your Indian Bank's website.
One broker told me that I have to simply read the ask size and the bid size, seeing what the market makers are offering. This implies that my order would have to match that price exactly, which is unfortunate because options contract spreads can be WIDE. Also, if my planned position size is larger than the best bid/best ask, then I should break up the order, which is also unfortunate because most brokers charge a lot for options orders.
I don't believe they're right. For international wire transfers you'd need either IBAN or SWIFT codes. I don't think any US bank participates in the IBAN network (mostly Europe and the Far East), so SWIFT is they way to go with the US. Credit unions frequently don't know what and how to do with international transactions because they don't have them that often. Some don't even have SWIFT codes of their own (many, in fact) and use intermediaries to receive money.
Doctor Randy Davis Doctor Randy Davis works for the Baltimore Washington Medical Center where he has been an orthopedic surgeon since 1983. He has served in a number of leadership positions at the Baltimore Washington Medical Center. From 2003-2015, he was the Director of Spine Surgery. He was also the President of the Medical Staff from 2012-2013.
&gt; Word to the wise, don't take on debt to basically launch your business.   Can confirm. Was bankruptcy attorney for small business in Ch 11, and have heard recordings of some of its lenders (a family, actually) making not-so-subtle threats on the lives/safety of some of the company's principals. And the background of these guys told me they weren't bluffing.   Just because some prospective lenders appear legit and even own sizable companies, it doesn't mean they're not willing to take less-than-legal routes to collect.
Whilst I lean more toward decriminalisation rather than the war on drugs - not sure how comfortable I am with designer drugs to promote TV shows.  Even if the show is awful.  Seems like that would lead us down a road with unintended consequences.  But hey, what do I know? EDIT - Spelling
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/unitedkingdom] [Might be of interest here - recent interview with Nick Leeson, rogue trader](https://np.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/74eqqp/might_be_of_interest_here_recent_interview_with/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
"&gt; You know there is a heading in big bold text that says ""My budding product empire"" that conveniently links to actual products that make money for said author.  It's 2/3 of the way down the page in the same colour and format as the rest of the text. It's very poorly displayed - any product or service should be prominently featured.  &gt; I think you have a problem with the whole way the author markets herself, but I obviously it works.  That's not obvious, no. Anyone can make vague boasts about how much money they make, especially if those claims are aimed at attracting more business. The ones who brag the loudest are usually the ones with the biggest shortfall to make up.  &gt; Also I don't feel like it's bragging, it's more like sharing the wealth.   Sharing what wealth? As I said, anyone can make hollow claims about how much money they make. It all sounds too much like those self-help books."
As for income tax purposes, dg99's answer is correct. The entire amount that is converted is post-tax (you had to pay tax on any pre-tax amounts upon conversion), so you do not pay tax on it when you withdraw it in a non-qualified distribution, similar to with contributions. However, there's another, perhaps more important, consideration here -- the early withdrawal penalty for non-qualified distributions from Roth IRA. For non-qualified distributions of contributions, there is never an early withdrawal penalty. For non-qualified distributions of rollovers and conversions, there is an early withdrawal penalty if withdrawn within 5 years of the rollover or conversion, but only on the part of the rollover or conversion that was taxable during the conversion. So if you want to withdraw within 5 years of the conversion, then it works differently from direct contributions. Because contributions and conversions have different treatment for the penalty, the ordering between them matters too. Contributions are always withdrawn before rollovers and conversions (a later contribution still comes before an earlier rollover or conversion). But within rollovers and conversions, they are ordered by year (an earlier rollover or conversion comes before a later one), and within a year, the taxable part is ordered before the non-taxable part.
"There are a couple of misconceptions I think are present here: Firstly, when people say ""interest"", usually that implies a lower-risk investment, like a government bond or a money market fund. Some interest-earning investments can be higher risk (like junk bonds offered by near-bankrupt companies), but for the most part, stocks are higher risk. With higher risk comes higher reward, but obviously also the chance for a bad year. A ""bad year"" can mean your fund actually goes down in value, because the companies you are invested in do poorly. So calling all value increases ""interest"" is not the correct way to think about things. Secondly, remember that ""Roth IRA fund"" doesn't really tell you what's ""inside"" it. You could set up your fund to include only low-risk interest earning investments, or higher risk foreign stocks. From what you've said, your fund is a ""target retirement date""-type fund. This typically means that it is a mix of stocks and bonds, weighted higher to bonds if you are older (on the theory of minimizing risk near retirement), and higher to stocks if you are younger (on the theory of accepting risk for higher average returns when you have time to overcome losses). What this means is that assuming you're young and the fund you have is typical, you probably have ~50%+ of your money invested in stocks. Stocks don't pay interest, they give you value in two ways: they pay you dividends, and the companies that they are a share of increase in value (remember that a stock is literally a small % ownership of the company). So the value increase you see as the increase due to the increase in the mutual fund's share price, is part of the total ""interest"" amount you were expecting. Finally, if you are reading about ""standard growth"" of an account using a given amount of contributions, someone somewhere is making an assumption about how much ""growth"" actually happens. Either you entered a number in the calculator (""How much do you expect growth to be per year?"") or it made an assumption by default (probably something like 7% growth per year - I haven't checked the math on your number to see what the growth rate they used was). These types of assumptions can be helpful for general retirement planning, but they are not ""rules"" that your investments are required by law to follow. If you invest in something with risk, your return may be less than expected."
Your only option might be finding a seller-financed property with a motivated seller who is willing to take the risk of loaning you money. However, be prepared to pay a hefty rate on that loan if you can even pull it off.
In short, yes. Implied volatility will capture any expected upcoming material announcements. There is also supply/demand impact bundled in which may inflate an option price, and by extension increase implied volatility. OTM and ITM options are particularly predisposed to this phenomenon -- which is of course at odds with the traditional BS model assumptions -- the result is referred to as the volatility smile. Implied volatility is quoted as an annualised measure but isn't necessarily an annual value -- it will correspond to the option time period.
"And now it is at about $3. Many times ""skeletons"" are bought and inflated for various reasons. Some are legitimate (for example a private business merging into a defunct but public corporation to avoid wasting resources on going public), some are not (mainly pump-and-dump scams that are using ""skeletons""). I don't know what was the case here (probably speculation based on the new marijuana laws in the US), but clearly the inflated price was completely unjustified since it went crashing down."
There's virtually no way for a person to completely avoid taxation at some point in their lives. Between payroll, sales, excise, and the like, you've been taxed at some point. And whether or not the individual paid is irrelevant to the ownership claim being invalid.
"Where are you getting the idea that I think there is any altruism whatsoever in what Whole Foods does? You are missing the point entirely. Let me make it perfectly clear: They are selling me **what** I, personally, want, and selling it to me in the **way** I, personally, want it.    Every single grocery store is ""consumerist."" I've been shopping at Whole Foods for (almost) 30 years, and the reason is because Whole Foods has put its research into discovering what and how to serve me, and then delivering. The experience of shopping in a Safeway, Albertson's or the like is ugly, uncomfortable, cold and smelly. They are too big and take forever to get from one item I want to another. They are filled with junk they are trying to trick me into thinking is nutritious.   What makes you think Whole Foods is in any way MORE deceptive than Walmart, Publix, Costco, etc? Because they responded to a market that wanted **quality** food that could be traced back to it's source? Why wouldn't they respond to that?   It is a myth that WF is selling only ""luxury food and drink"" items. I can go into a WF and see local produce. What is so extravagant about that?  &gt;do you ever wonder if maybe that passion is appealed to and marketer towards by businesses  I'm *thrilled* that it is. That means I can access food that I want and enjoy, and it costs less than it would otherwise. I can buy sugar-free bacon at Whole Foods. YAY! I feel great about that. I can't get that at Safeway.    Do you think commercial food producers and other grocery outlets don't collectively FAR outspend Whole Foods to promote less nutritious food that is as inexpensive as possible to produce? That they don't sacrifice quality for profits?    Where do you live that commercial grocery chains are somehow operating from the goodness of **their** hearts? Tell yourself whatever you want -- but if you have the impression that WF has somehow fooling me, thanks for your concern, but I'm good. I LOVE that they figured out what I want to eat and how I want to shop for it."
Keep it simple, three fund portfolio...  Just because you have a lot of money doesn't mean you have to consult an advisor.  Post your situation to boggleheads forum.  And yes, don't get a mortgage if you can afford to pay in cash.
Outsourcing a call centre company is not essentially necessary for your company at this particular moment, but it’s a worth consideration in the long run if you are seriously concerned about expanding your trade efficiently on the global pitch. It is definitely one of the rare schemes where you can decrease the stress levels in the office, yet reap the rewards in terms of business expansion and brand reputation.
See the accepted answer for this question.  What effect will credit card churning for frequent flyer miles have on my credit score? This does not directly answer 'how often...' that you asked, but it states that the answerer opens 5-15 accounts per year.  So the answer to your question is, as often as you want, as long as you manage your account ages. The reason for this is that there are two factors in opening a new account that affect your credit card score.  One is average age of accounts. The other is credit inquiries.  That answerer, with FICO in high 700s, sees about a 5% swing based on new cards and closing old ones. You'll have to manage average age of accounts.  I assume this is done by keeping some older ones open to prop up the average, and by judiciously closing the churn accounts. Finally, if you choose to engage in churning, and you intend to apply for a large loan and want a good credit score, simply pause the account open/close part of the churn a couple of months ahead of time.  Your score should recover from the temporary hits of the inquiries.   The churning communities really do have how to guides which discuss the details of this.  Key phrase: credit card churning.
No. Disclaimer - As a US educated fellow, I needed to search a bit. I found an article 7 Common SMSF Pension Errors. It implied that there are minimum payments required each year as with our US retirement accounts. These minimums are unrelated to the assets within the account, just based on the total value. The way I read that, there would be a point where you'd have to sell a property or partial interest to be sure you have the cash to distribute each year. I also learned that unlike US rules, which permit a distribution of stock as part of a required minimum distribution, in Australia, the distribution must be in cash (or a deposited check, of course.)
The only way you can save taxes is by starting a limited company, not paying yourself any salary, so you pay 20% corporation taxes, you can take I think £5000 a year dividends tax free, and leave the rest in the company account, and don't touch it until you make less money.
The scale on this is horribly biasing.  1-1000 is only 1/20th of the line but 1/2 of the actual time scale.  Which means china has had the majority of world GDP for almost all of history.  But it doesnt look like that at first glance.
Every bill you write counts as income (if the bill doesn't get paid, you would count that as an expense). In cases where you don't write bills, I think the payment you receive would count as income, but you might check that on the HMRC website. So to record your income, you can basically record the payments that you receive.  Anything you pay out for your business is an expense. You keep a receipt for every expense - if you don't have a receipt, you can't count it as an expense, so keeping all the receipts is very, very important. An exception are investments, for example buying a computer that should last multiple years; there you can count a percentage of the investment as expense every year.  All income, minus all expenses, is your profit. You pay tax and National Insurance contributions according to your profit. You can do whatever you like with the profit.  Notice that I didn't mention any salary. Self employed means you have no salary, you have profits and do with them whatever you like. On the other hand, you pay taxes on these profits almost exactly as if they were income.  If you have this blog but are also employed, you'll add the profits to your normal income statement.
I'm not directly affiliated with the company (I work for one of the add-on partners) but I can wholeheartedly recommend Xero for both personal and business finances. Their basis is to make accounting simple and clean, without sacrificing any of the power behind having the figures there in the first place.
"&gt;He'll be back in a few years after growth stalls under the new ""adult supervision"" CEO.  No, he will not.  Uber is a [criminal organisation](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/04/13/uber-lyft-hell-software-track-drivers.html) and will not exist in five years.  They have and are committing wire fraud daily and they will be tied up in lawsuits forever.   The entire $60 Billion in valuation will vanish."
"There are three ways to do this. So far the answers posted have only mentioned two.  The three ways are: Selling short means that you borrow stock from your broker and sell it with the intent of buying it back later to repay the loan.  As others have noted, this has unlimited potential losses and limited potential gains.  Your profit or loss will go $1:$1 with the movement of the price of the stock. Buying a put option gives you the right to sell the stock at a later date on a price that you choose now.  You pay a premium to have this right, and if the stock moves against you, you won't exercise your option and will lose the premium.  Options move non-linearly with the price of the stock, especially when the expiration is far in the future.  They probably are not for a beginner, although they can be powerful if used properly. The third option is a synthetic short position.  You form this by simultaneously buying a put option and selling short a call option, both at the same strike price.  This has a risk profile that is very much like the selling the stock short, but you can accomplish it entirely with stock options.  Because you're both buying an selling, in theory you might even collect a small net premium when you open. You might ask why you'd do this given that you could just sell the stock short, which certainly seems simpler.  One reason is that it is not always possible to sell the stock short.  Recall that you have to borrow shares from your broker to sell short.  When many people want to short the stock, brokers will run out of shares to loan.  The stock is then said to be ""hard to borrow,"" which effectively prevents further short selling of the stock.  In this case the synthetic short is still potentially possible."
As user14469 mentions you would have to decide what type of properties you would like to invest in. Are you after negatively geared properties that may have higher long term growth potential (usually within 15 to 20km from major cities), or after positive cash-flow properties which may have a lower long term growth potential (usually located more than 20km from major cities).  With negative geared properties your rent from the property will not cover the mortgage and other costs, so you will have to supplement it through your income. The theory is that you can claim a tax deduction on your employment income from the negative gearing (benefits mainly those on higher tax brackets), and the potential long term growth of the property will make up for the negative gearing over the long term.  If you are after these type of properties Michael Yardney has some books on the subject. On the other hand, positive cash-flow properties provide enough rental income to cover the mortgage and other costs. They put cash into your pockets each week. They don't have as much growth potential as more inner city properties, but if you stick to the outer regions of major cities, instead of rural towns, you will still achieve decent long term growth. If you are after these type of properties Margaret Lomas has some books on the subject. My preference is for cash-flow positive properties, and some of the areas user14469 has mentioned. I am personally invested in the Penrith and surrounding areas.  With negatively geared properties you generally have to supplement the property with your own income and generally have to wait for the property price to increase so you build up equity in the property. This then allows you to refinance the additional equity so you can use it as deposits to buy other properties or to supplement your income. The problem is if you go through a period of low, stagnate or negative growth, you may have to wait quite a few years for your equity to increase substantially. With positively geared properties, you are getting a net income from the property every week so using none of your other income to supplement the property. You can thus afford to buy more properties sooner. And even if the properties go through a period of low, stagnate or negative growth you are still getting extra income each week. Over the long term these properties will also go up and you will have the benefit of both passive income and capital gains. I also agree with user14469 regarding doing at least 6 months of research in the area/s you are looking to buy. Visit open homes, attend auctions, talk to real estate agents and get to know the area. This kind of research will beat any information you get from websites, books and magazines. You will find that when a property comes onto the market you will know what it is worth and how much you can offer below asking price. Another thing to consider is when to buy. Most people are buying now in Australia because of the record low interest rates (below 5%). This is causing higher demand in the property markets and prices to rise steadily. Many people who buy during this period will be able to afford the property when interest rates are at 5%, but as the housing market and the economy heat up and interest rates start rising, they find it hard to afford the property when interest rate rise to 7%, 8% or higher. I personally prefer to buy when interest rates are on the rise and when they are near their highs. During this time no one wants to touch property with a six foot pole, but all the owners who bought when interest rates where much lower are finding it hard to keep making repayments so they put their properties on the market. There ends up being low demand and increased supply, causing prices to fall. It is very easy to find bargains and negotiate lower prices during this period. Because interest rates will be near or at their highs, the economy will be starting to slow down, so it will not be long before interest rates start dropping again. If you can afford to buy a property at 8% you will definitely be able to afford it at 6% or lower. Plus you would have bought at or near the lows of the price cycle, just before prices once again start increasing as interest rates drop. Read and learn as much as possible from others, but in the end make up your own mind on the type of properties and areas you prefer.
"OK, I found this filing by JCI on the SEC website: U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Distribution to U.S. Holders For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the distribution will not be eligible for treatment as a tax-free distribution by Johnson Controls with respect to its stock. Accordingly, the distribution will be treated as a taxable distribution by Johnson Controls to each Johnson Controls shareholder in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Adient ordinary shares received by such shareholder (including any fractional shares deemed received and any Adient ordinary shares withheld on account of any Irish withholding taxes), determined as of the distribution date (such amount, the ""Distribution Amount""). The Distribution Amount received by a U.S. holder will be treated as a taxable dividend to the extent of such U.S. holder's ratable share of current or accumulated earnings and profits of Johnson Controls for the taxable year of the distribution (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Any portion of the Distribution Amount that is treated as a dividend will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction allowed to corporations under the Code. My broker's 1099-B form tells me that I received a Qualified Dividend from JCI on 10/31/2016 of $512.44, which would be equivalent to $45.349 valuation of ADNT as of the spinoff date for my 11.3 shares (before the 0.3 shares were sold as cash-in-lieu) ."
"&gt; Outside of money, the biggest thing I think we will leave to our kids is what we have learned...  I would argue even money is less important, but continue.  &gt; ...you are acting like a totally responsible young adult according to societal norms and people who are supposed to give you advice, and you are totally fucking yourself.  Totally agree.  FYI, your example seems fitting for someone born into a middle class home and their choices are bad but not destructive.  If it were someone from a poor household then the 25 year old doesn't know about the American Heart Association, doesn't know about credit to get a card or house, invests nothing, often gets payday loans, gets a car from a used car auto-lender, drinks and watches a lot of TV, has probably been involved in a pregnancy, and plays the lottery in the hopes of a better life.    &gt; Is that your fault?  I would say, ""no"".  Society has effectively set you up to fail.  &gt; What if you've concluded generational wealth is simply luck...  &gt; You may dismiss your opportunity as bullshit, and remained trapped in the standard American day to day wage/debt slavery.  You almost certainly will dismiss the opportunity.  Even if you can realize the AHA, financial advisor, or payday loan guy gave you bad advice, there are better looking opportunities.  Put away money for a rainy day?  Fuck that!  If I listen to the auto-loan guy I get a car *today*.  I'm not sure I understand where your contention was.  Are you thinking that people shouldn't be cynical  of the system and be able to recognize an opportunity to better their life?  I'm heading out for the evening.  I'll look for your replay later tonight and maybe respond.  Thanks for the thoughtful discussion."
Flatratemoversla.com is a Los Angeles area moving company delivering reliable, personalized service at a flat rate cost.Several LA movers are serving the customers on their moving needs. FlatRateMoversLA is one of the major LA movers companies and has been offering high quality packing and moving services from the past many years.
"There are a lot of funds that exist only to feed people's belief that existing funds are not diversified or specialized enough.  That's why you have so many options. Just choose the ones with the lowest fees. I'd suggest the following: I wouldn't mess around with funds that try and specialize in ""value"" or those target date funds. If you really don't want to think and don't mind paying slightly higher fees, just pick the target date fund that corresponds to when you will retire and put all your money there. On the traditional/Roth question, if your tax bracket will be higher when you retire than it is now (unlikely), choose Roth.  Otherwise choose traditional."
Hello, my Dear Friend!   Bad Baby Learn Colors with Crying Baby Dolls Minnie Mouse Nursery Rhymes Song by Eva TV Thank you for watching my video!   Bad Kids &amp; Bad Monkey Learn Colors with Johny Johny Yes Papa Nursery Rhymes Songs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOUPJ...  Bad Baby Learn Colors with Halloween Pumpkins Finger Family Nursery Rhymes Songs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jP3Xn...  #LearnColors #Colours #forKids #forChildren #NurseryRhymes #BadBaby #MinnieMouse #SongsforKids  #SongsforChildren #ColorSong #FunnyVideoforChildren
There's nothing much you can do here, and I don't think you'll succeed in placing blame on the lawyers. In order for SSA to have the tax withheld from your benefits, you need to submit form W-4V. Here are the details on how to get it and what to do with it. This form is voluntarily submitted, i.e.: no-one will ask for it, you have to actively send it out on your own. As to repayment of the LTD benefits - since they were not taxable, there's no change in the taxable income on your behalf. What you got wasn't taxed, so what you gave back - doesn't provide any tax benefit. As to why SSA benefits are taxable and LTD benefits are not - this is because SSA is pre-tax, and LTD premiums were (in your case, apparently) post-tax. However, the LTD benefits management company doesn't care or may be even know about this, and they do everything they can to reduce their own liability to you. If you're entitled to SSA benefits, it reduces their liability, that's why they insisted on your claim with SSA. As to the SSA dragging their feet - they want to reduce their (taxpayers', essentially) liability as well. However, once they decided in your favor, you received what was rightfully yours, including back-pay. SSA benefits are taxable, in the year received. So you got a lump sum - taxable as a lump sum. Sorry, but that's the way it is. This is an example where post-tax LTD premiums don't actually pay off...
In general a stock can open at absolutely any price with no regard for the closing price or after hours price the previous day. The opening price will be determined by the best bid and offer made by people who decide to trade the next day.  Some of the those people may have put orders in on a prior day that are still on the books and matter, but there's a lot of time overnight for people to cancel orders and enter new ones, which is especially likely to happen if there was substantive news overnight. As for what you can do in your case, you have the same options that you always had:  Sell or hold.  If you're selling, you can sell after hours, in the pre-open hours, or during the trading day.  There's nothing we can say about this case that's really any different than we can say about any other stock on any other day.
You are not a landlord.  You have choices: The current situation is charity. And that's ok, so long as you acknowledge it. In the big picture, anything less than market rent is a gift that you are giving the person living in your house. A good tenant might keep the place in better shape, and deserve a lower rent, but that's a quid pro quo. In the end, landlording is a business. If you had 10-20 apartments, they would be proving an income to you and you would have a large chunk of your wealth tied up in it. You would keep the apartments in good shape both to be legal and not a slumlord, but you'd also collect market rent. $100/apt would be $1000-$2000/mo income to you and your family.  You wife is right. As always. You have a decision to make to stop the bleeding.
You cost the company money both from your time off AND from its portion of your insurance bill!  and you think you're owed a bonus?   the nerve!  have a bag of frozen peas for your jaw and get back to work!  now i need a shower after channeling your horrible old boss.
So many people are blaming the US gov't for the reasons people are taking drugs and can't get hired.  Such a ridiculous response to a COMPANY's decision to drug test.   I personally don't want to work around stoner's/meth heads/pill poppers when the job requires you to work around 30,000 pounds of steel.  That's just common sense. Nobody is forcing you to take drugs.  Stop blaming everyone else bc you got yourself addicted.
You can open the configuration panel of the Netgear router via the IP address 192.168.1.1 or via www.routerlogin.net. From this panel, you can change the password, set parental controls, set guest network, view network map and there are much more settings to configure.
I doubt that this exists, but it could theoretically. After all, a share is kind of an option to a company's future success, and so a call is already a second level on indirection. The better approach would be to 'create your own Put-Puts', by investing less money (A) in the Put you wanted to invest into, and put the smaller rest (B) in the share itself or a Call. That way, if the original Put is successful, at max (B) is lost, and if it is unsuccessful, the loss on (A) is covered by a gain on (B). Potentially, if you do the math, you can reach a mathematical equivalent situation to a Put-Put by buying the right amount and kind of Calls. However, we know already that buying a Put and a Call is a poor strategy, so that would mean a Put-Put would also be a poor strategy.
I wrote about this in another answer: You can sell the scrip dividend in the market; the capital gain from this sale may fall below the annual tax-free allowance for capital gains, in which case you don't pay any capital gains tax on that amount. For a cash dividend, however, there isn't a minimum taxable amount, so you would owe dividend tax on the entire dividend (and may therefore pay more taxes on a cash dividend). Since you haven't sold the shares in the market yet, you haven't earned any income on the shares. You don't owe taxes on the scrip until you sell the shares and earn capital gains on them. HMRC is very explicit about this, in CG33800: It is quite common for a company, particularly a quoted company, to offer its shareholders the option of receiving additional shares instead of a cash dividend. The expression `stock or scrip dividend' is used to describe shares issued in such circumstances. The basic position under tax law is that when a company makes a bonus issue of shares no distribution arises, and the bonus issue of shares is not income for tax purposes in the hands of the recipient. Obviously, if this is an issue for you, talk to a tax professional to make sure you get it right.
I think we resolved this via comments above. Many finance authors are not fans of target date funds, as they have higher fees than you'd pay constructing the mix yourself, and they can't take into account your own risk tolerance. Not every 24 year old should have the same mix.  That said - I suggest you give thought to the pre-tax / post tax (i.e. traditional vs Roth) mix. I recently wrote The 15% solution, which attempts to show how to minimize your lifetime taxes by using the split that's ideal for your situation.
Federal Funds Rate The interest rate at which a depository institution lends funds maintained at the Federal Reserve to another depository institution overnight. The federal funds rate is generally only applicable to the most creditworthy institutions when they borrow and lend overnight funds to each other. The federal funds rate is one of the most influential interest rates in the U.S. economy, since it affects monetary and financial conditions, which in turn have a bearing on key aspects of the broad economy including employment, growth and inflation. http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/federalfundsrate.asp#ixzz3mB5kCtvT
"Even if that's the case, that means he still bet half a mil on a sure thing. It seems insane to me to be bearish while also saying ""the market only goes up because..."" No one thinks QE is going to stop in our lifetimes."
There's no way patent wars are going to end.  Companies have invested too much into their patent portfolios.  They're weapons, bought and paid for, and to end the patent wars would be to take away all this property value.    So I believe patent wars are here to stay.
"The scenario you mention regarding capital gains is pretty much the core of the issue. Here's a run-down from PolitiFact.com that explains it a bit. It's important to focus on it being the tax rate, not the tax amount (which I think you get, but I want to reinforce that for other readers).  Basically, most of Buffett's income comes from capital gains and   dividends, income from investments he makes with the money he already   has. Income earned by buying and selling stocks or from stock   dividends is generally taxed at 15 percent, the rate for long-term   capital gains and qualified dividends. Buffett also mentioned that some of the ""mega-rich"" are hedge fund   managers ""who earn billions from our daily labors but are allowed to   classify our income as 'carried interest,' thereby getting a bargain   15 percent tax rate."" We don't know the taxes paid by Buffett's secretary, who was mentioned   by Obama but not by Buffett. Buffet's secretary would have to make a   high salary, or else typical deductions (such as the child tax credit)   would offset taxes owed. Let's say the secretary is a particularly   well-compensated executive assistant, making adjusted income more than   $83,600 in income. (Yes, that sounds like a lot to us, too, but   remember: We're talking about the secretary to one of the richest   people in the world.) In that case, marginal tax rates of 28 percent   would apply. Then, there would be payroll taxes of 6.25 percent on the   first $106,800, money that goes to Social Security, and another 1.45   percent on all income, which goes to Medicare. The secretary’s overall   tax rate would be lower than 28 percent, since not all the income   would be taxed at that rate, only the income above $83,600. Buffett, meanwhile, would pay very little, if anything, in payroll   taxes. In the New York Times op-ed, Buffett said he paid 17.4 percent   in taxes. Thinking of the secretary, it gets a little complicated,   given how the tax brackets work, but basically, people who make   between $100,000 and $200,000 are paying around 20 percent in federal   taxes, including payroll and income taxes, according to an analysis   from the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. So in this case, the secretary's rate is higher because so much of   Buffett's income comes from investments and is taxed at the lower   capital gains rate. Here's Buffet's original Op-Ed in the NYT for those of you that aren't familiar."
You don't have to retire. But the US government and other national governments have programs that allow you to set aside money when you are young to be used when you are older.  To encourage you to do this, they reduce your taxes either now or when your are older. They also allow your employer to match your funds. In the US they have IRAs, 401Ks, and Social Security.  You are not required to stop working while tapping into these funds. Having a job and using these funds will impact your taxes, but your are not forbidden from doing both. Decades ago most retirement funds come from pensions and Social Security. Most people are going to reach their senior years without a pension, or with only a very small pension because they had one in one of their early jobs. So go ahead, gamble that you will not need to save for retirement. Then hope that decades later you were right about it, because you can't go back in time and fix your choice.  Some never save for retirement, either because they can't or they think they can't. Many that don't save end up working longer than they imagined. Some work everyday until they die, or are physically unable to work. Sometimes it is because they love the job, but often it is because they cannot afford to quit.
"&gt; A severe outbreak of inflation would be great for debtors and homeowners - a large percentage of the population.   Not necessarily.  You presume that wages would rise along with prices.  In fact prices have been rising, but wages haven't followed suit.  &gt;It would also be great for equity owners.  Do you understand the definition of ""bubble""?"
I really don't see myself doing this in the future. Sounds like youve answered your own question without reddits help. If you genuinely cant stand the job, then quit and go intern for a food service position or some other position in the retail world, the areas you actually have interest in. When it comes down to it, you shouldn't feel like stabbing yourself at work.
Apart from what others have contributed.  Look at all your usual spendings. Can they be cheaper? (Telephone, Electricity, Gas, Car, Mortgage, Loans, Insurance...) Whenever you are tempted to buy anything, ask yourself: Do I need this? If the answer is 'Yes' go ahead and buy (food, basically). Otherwise, restrain yourself. Most things in life can be bought cheaper. Most things in shops are useless. For example, how many pairs of shoes do you need? You can drink water from the tab. You don't have to go to restaurants or bars, and if you do, you could budget yourself to some amount. If the restaurant is more expensive, walk. My 0,02€
China was the only place that I've traveled to where they had built in privacy screens as you're going through security. One person at a time through the metal detector and once you pass through the metal detector you're in an area that has complete privacy. Nobody before or after the line can see you. In a way it's good if implemented in the USA but sometimes it makes me wonder how that can be abused.
Thats cool, If you take all the income my mother received raising two children to 22, Subtract a third for rent, and assume she never ate anything or wore clothes in that 22 years, she did it for about $140,000 per child
I think that one-sided is nicer for a more professional occupation or aim. If you do decide to go two-sided, I would make sure that the back is something minimalist. As one other commenter said, it is nice to have space to write extra info on a card.   Plus, it is nice to be able to tell which side is the front as soon as possible.
Just because your slice of pie gets bigger doesn't necessarily mean someone else's becomes smaller. In a lot of cases it's the entire pie that gets bigger. Why is the pie bigger? More investors (savers turn investors; foreign investments, etc.), more money printed (QE anyone?), Market sentiment changes (stock is priced by perceptions) And it can certainly get smaller.
"&gt; She didn't know that having sex can lead to kids? I mean, you'd think she might have at least pieced it together after the first one.  I don't think you realize how ignorant people can be. Nor how uneducated as to what options they have or more importantly who will pay for those options since they are probably just as broke as they were before the kid.  &gt; At what point do people's bad decisions stop being society's burden to bear?  This isn't that point.  &gt; If I decide to take on insurmountable debt because I don't know any better, should everyone else be forced to pick up the tab?  Not really a fair comparison, but no I don't think we should let you starve. Idiot or otherwise.  &gt; A $15/hr minimum wage would ruin our economy and cause a lot more suffering and homelessness.  Prove it, name an example country that is now a devastated wasteland for providing decent wages alone.  &gt; Just because we want to help people (and I do feel bad for her), if we put policies in place that will ruin everyone, we don't get off the hook just by blaming it on other factors or because ""we didn't see it coming"".  What policies would those be? I'm waiting for that ruined country.  &gt; In a way, making bad policy decisions that will fuck up our entire country is kind of a large scale version of what Fran and many others have done to their own life.  Real world example or I am going to continue to assume you live in a alt-right fantasy."
You're thinking of general purpose computers. A Mac or Windows box runs millions of applications from millions of sources. That's usually why those computers crash. There are also thousands and thousands of hardware configurations, which compounds the problem.   Tesla has one hardware set and they make their own software. One configuration and one application suite that's dedicated to a very narrow set of instructions with redundant systems and failsafes to stop the car if there were to be a catastrophic failure.  As long as the system is well built and capable, it will have a long track history of safe transportation. Eventually, will something happen to the car to make it fail and kill someone? Maybe, but in the meantime, it's going to save so many lives. You can't dismiss a technology just because it might not have a 100% success rate. If that's your metric, then people would never be allowed to drive.
"&gt; Go ahead, we'll be waiting.  Stop being a cocky moron. I already have and bitch slapped someone else with them. Now its your turn to feel like a moron   ""The findings suggest why ‘stoners’ are stereotypically viewed as lacking motivation to work hard to pursue their dreams or to be ambitious.""  https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-athletes-way/201307/does-long-term-cannabis-use-stifle-motivation   Cannabis reduces short-term motivation to work for money Smoking the equivalent of a single 'spliff' of cannabis makes people less willing to work for money while 'high'  https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/09/160901211303.htm   Cannabis smokers end up in worse jobs and have less money than average, study finds  http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/cannabis-smokers-end-up-worse-7608737   Getting high on cannabis makes you less likely to work hard for money, study says  https://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/cannabis-marijuana-weed-effects-getting-high-working-hard-money-motivation-a7220441.html   Regular pot users wind up earning less money, new study says  http://www.sacbee.com/news/state/california/california-weed/article69339292.html  Study: Poorer marijuana users smoking the most (Yeah, they ended up losers)  http://www.denverpost.com/2016/08/14/study-poorer-marijuana-users-smoking-the-most/ permalinksavecontextfull comments (182)editdisable inbox repliesdelete"
You're moving goalposts. Of course my backhand calculation is not scientifically accurate. But the point is it's still way more than de minimis like you implied. Buses off the road are still off the road. Cars off the rod are still off the road. Whatever fraction of 400k you feel for whatever weird reason is still a fuckton less traffic clogging the roads. You just seem to have a hate boner.
In other words, the cost of three people at $12 an hour is less than one person at $20 an hour.   So we'll spin this into a feel good story and post it up on Reddit.   This is further supported by the fact that when I go into a Costco it's nearly impossible to find anyone to help me, and when I do, they are just about useless.   But overall, I don't care. All that really matters is how much money I'm saving under the business model of buying in bulk. So...I'm a major Costco fan.
"To be completely honest, I think that a target of 10-15% is very high and if there were an easy way to attain it, everyone would do it. If you want to have such a high return, you'll always have the risk of losing the same amount of money. Option 1 I personally think that you can make the highest return if you invest in real estate, and actively manage your property(s). If you do this well with short term rental and/or Airbnb I think you can make healthy returns BUT it will cost a lot of time and effort which may diminish its appeal. Think about talking to your estate agent to find renters, or always ensuring your AirBnB place is in good nick so you get a high rating and keep getting good customers. If you're looking for ""passive"" income, I don't think this is a good choice. Also make sure you take note of karancan's point of costs. No matter what you plan for, your costs will always be higher than you think. Think about water damage, a tenant that breaks things/doesn't take care of stuff etc. Option 2 I think taking a loan is unnecessarily risky if you're in good financial shape (as it seems), unless you're gonna buy a house with a mortgage and live in it. Option 3 I think your best option is to buy bonds and shares. You can follow karancan's 100 minus your age rule, which seems very reasonable (personally I invest all my money in shares because that's how my father brought me up, but it's really a matter of taste. Both can be risky though bonds are usually safer). I think I should note that you cannot expect a return of 10% or more because, as everyone always says, if there were a way to guarantee it, everyone would do it. You say you don't have any idea how this works so I'd go to my bank and ask them. You probably have access to private banking so that should mean someone will be able to sit you down and talk you through. Also look at other banks that have better rates and/or pretend you're leaving your bank to negotiate a better deal. If I were you I'd invest in blue chips (big international companies listed on the main indeces (DAX, FTSE 100, Dow Jones)), or (passively managed) mutual funds/ETFs that track these indeces. Just remember to diversify by country and industry a bit. Note: i would not buy the vehicles/plans that my bank (no matter what they promise, and they promise a lot) suggest because if you do that then the bank always takes a cut off your money. TlDr, dont expect to make 10-15% on a passive investment and do what a lot of others do: shares and bonds. Also make sure you get a lot of peoples opinions :)"
&gt;A lot of unsuccessful entrepreneurs fit that definition.  Ah, I see what you're saying. You're saying that sure, Michael Phelps is a fast swimmer, but his competition are *all* fast swimmers. It's only luck that got him a gold medal. Or yeah - the winner of the New York Marathon is a fast runner, but they're *all* fast runners - it's only luck that got the winner first place.   Certainly the current world record holder for the deadlift is strong, but all world caliber deadlifters are strong. It's only luck that got them the world record.
Yes.  When the currency of a country appreciates, it benefits some groups and disadvantages others.  In particular, exporters suffer when a currency increases in value relative to other countries.  In a country like the US, where exporters are small relative to the economy, this isn't a big deal.  In germany, where exporters make up a big part of the economy, a currency increasing in value leads to large numbers of layoffs and other negative net effects to the economy.
Hello Reddit friends, family &amp; future guests of The Greenhouse Inn, Asbury Park's (NJ) first eco-friendly bed and breakfast.  I have wonderful news from the Small Business Administration (SBA) and the local community bank, as they have agreed to finance 90% of the startup costs to open The Greenhouse Inn. Woo hoo! They have affirmed their support, and are ready to get the ball rolling, but I will need to supply 10% of the projects total cost in equity.  For instance, a bank will usually lend only if you have 10% of the amount you require. Therefore, if we have $1,000, getting a bank loan of up to $10,000 should be feasible. This is oversimplified, but in a way, it means that every single dollar contributed gives The Greenhouse access to ten more. If we make $20,000 dollars on RocketHub, we might be able to get a loan of $200,000 dollars!
"But that wouldn't happen - TiVo's service is ""enable consumers to skip the things that cable companies make money from."" That business model is DOA.   You can play all kinds of ""if Tivo had done [x]"" games, but unless you figure out a legal way to provide content (created by networks to be sold to cable providers) around the cable providers, then rest assured that they are going to drill you into the ground because they fear change."
You must file as married for 2013 if you were married as of December 31, 2013. It is true that the Roth IRA contribution phaseout for Married Filing Separately is 0 - $10K. But you can still do backdoor Roth IRA contribution (contribute to a Traditional IRA, then convert it to a Roth IRA; assuming you do not have any pre-tax IRAs, this is identical to a Roth IRA contribution). But you already made a Roth IRA contribution for 2013, and did not do the backdoor. Let's assume that you want to turn it into a backdoor Roth IRA contribution, and that you don't have any pre-tax IRAs. There are two ways to do this: Withdraw the Roth IRA you contributed (including earnings). Then, do a normal backdoor Roth IRA contribution (contribute to a Traditional IRA, then immediately convert it to Roth IRA). The earnings you had in the Roth IRA that you withdrew will be treated as normal income and taxed. The conversion will not be taxable because all of the Traditional IRA was non-deductible when you converted. Re-characterize your original Roth IRA contribution as a Traditional IRA contribution, then convert it to Roth IRA. It will be treated as if you made a Traditional IRA contribution originally, and then waited until now to convert. The earnings in the IRA up till now will be taxed on conversion. So in both cases, you will need to pay income tax on the earnings in the account up to now. The difference between the two is in the amount of money in the IRA now. With the first way, you can only contribute $5500 now. With the second way, you will keep the same amount of money you have in the IRA now.
Being a successful CFP is 100% about convincing other people to give you their money. Managing 90% of people's finances is sticking to the foundationals and keeping them in the market long term. OP doesn't want to be a hedge fund or PE guy doing complex transactions, he wants CFP. He needs to be able to sell himself, because it's what he'll be doing his whole career.
"I took the quiz that you linked too and answered with what I considered ""ideal"" answers with the exception of checking C for that particular question.... The first thing I saw was I needn't have bothered with giving the ideal answer as the result is self graded (paraphrased) as...all ""A"" great, mostly ""A"" good,  mostly ""B"" you can do better, any ""C"" you probably have problems...regardless of your actual answers. Secondly my ideal answers didn't agree with theirs. Finally, neither my ideal nor theirs takes actual circumstances into account.  For instance paying off your debt each month: there are quite a few cards that offer zero percent financing for extended periods of time, for those cards the ideal would be for the debt to be paid off before the terms change.  Whether that should be steady progression towards zero or a ballon payment at the end, would depend upon your circumstances. In short, look at this quiz as a rough guideline, not a nuanced evaluation of your credit handling capabilities."
I believe you can easily make tresholds for what constitute a partial owner. If I work for GE and buy a share, I'm not exactly a partial owner.  Anything under 10% for companies making, I don't know, less than 50 Mil in revenue, you're an employee. Larger companies, 5%.  That's just an idea, could be refined but, yeah...
The Koller et al. book? Well, I find that it provides a better structure and an easier read if you are new to valuation. However, Damodaran contains discussions of some important issues not discussed in the Koller et al. book and it that sense serves as a great supplement in my opinion.
Three big ones that are common in almost all banks (though, individually, they may have other criteria): Other criteria I've seen (while working in the banking industry - varying by bank): the average balance you keep on deposit accounts (checking/savings/CDs/etc), number of overdraft fees in the past 12 months (one bank I worked for wouldn't approve a credit card if a customer had more than 5 overdrafts in the past year), the length of time a customer had been with the bank. Note that a credit card only company, like AmEx, may have different criteria in that they don't offer all the other type of accounts that other other banks do.
"Is a student loan a type of loan or just a generic name used to refer to a loan for someone who is going back to school? A student loan from the federal government is a specific type of loan used for education purposes (i.e. attending college). They have guidelines associated with them that are very flexible as compared to a student loan from a private bank.  If a student loan is a different type of loan, does it only cover the costs of going to the school? Every student at a university has a ""budget"" or the ""cost of attendance"". That includes direct and indirect costs. Direct costs are ones billed directly to you (i.e. tuition, room and board - should you choose to live on campus, and associated fees). Indirect costs are such things like books, travel expenses (if you live out of state), and personal things. Direct costs are controlled by the school. Indirect costs are estimated. The school will usually conduct market research to determine the costs for indirect items. Some students go above that, and some go below. For example, transportation is an indirect cost. A school could set that at $500. There are students who will be above that, and some below that. If you choose not to live on campus, then rent and food will become an indirect cost. Student loans can cover up to 100% of your budget (direct and indirect added together). If your total budget is $60,000 (tuition, room and board, transportation, books, supplies, etc.) Then you are able to borrow up to that amount ($60,000). However, because your budget is both direct and indirect costs, you will only be billed for your direct costs (tuition, etc.). So if your direct costs equal $50,000 and your student loan was certified for $60,000, then you will get that $10,000 back in the form of a refund from the school. That does not mean you don't have to pay it back - you still do. But that money is meant for indirect costs (i.e. books, rent - if you're not staying on campus, etc.). If your school is on semesters vs quarters, then that amount is divided between the terms. Summer term is not factored in, that's another process. Also with student loans, there are origination costs - the money associated with processing a loan.  A good rule of thumb is to never borrow more than you need.  Source: I used to work in financial aid at my college."
The cable companies are not stupid ALL the time. They realize that every time a household pulls the plug on cable service they will need to work extra hard to get them back. Once people establish a habit getting them to change again is hard (which is why streaming has only begun to take off recently). As such, though the cable companies continue to loudly proclaim that online TV is not costing them (and it may not be yet) each little drop in the bucket will add up over time until the ship is too hard to turn back around. Data limits on internet are just thier first attempt a curbing the mass exodus from cable that is currently underway. Let's not forget that even Hulu is owned by Universal and Netflix, being a publically traded company can be purchased if they make the cable companies REALLY nervous. This is a fight that the cable companies will eventually win unless some other disruptive force intervene's (enter the DoJ)
Many investment companies are also offering target retirement date portfolios to invest in.  They manage reducing the risk over time so you don't have to worry about it if you choose not to.
Oanda.com trades spot forex and something they call box options, it's not quite what you are looking for, but maybe worth looking up.
Brokerage firms must settle funds promptly, but there's no explicit definition for this in U.S. federal law. See for example, this article on settling trades in three days. Wikipedia also has a good write-up on T+3. It is common practice, however. It takes approximately three days for the funds to be available to me, in my Canadian brokerage account. That said, the software itself prevents me from using funds which are not available, and I'm rather surprised yours does not. You want to be careful not to be labelled a pattern day trader, if that is not your intention. Others can better fill you in on the consequences of this. I believe it will not apply to you unless you are using a margin account. All but certainly, the terms of service that you agreed to with this brokerage will specify the conditions under which they can lock you out of your account, and when they can charge interest. If they are selling your stock at times you have not authorised (via explicit instruction or via a stop-loss order), you should file a complaint with the S.E.C. and with sufficient documentation. You will need to ensure your cancel-stop-loss order actually went through, though, and the stock was sold anyway. It could simply be that it takes a full business day to cancel such an order.
I don't like your strategy.  Don't wait.  Open an investment account today with a low cost providers and put those funds into a low cost investment that represents as much of the market as you can find. I am going to start by assuming you are a really smart person.  With that assumption I am going to assume you can see details and trends and read into the lines.  As a computer programmer I am going to assume you are pretty task oriented, and that you look for optimal solutions. Now I am going to ask you to step back.  You are clearly very good at managing your money, but I believe you are over-thinking your opportunity. Reading your question, you need a starting place (and some managed expectations), so here is your plan: Now that you have a personal retirement account (IRA, Roth IRA, MyRA?) and perhaps a 401(k) (or equivalent) at work, you can start to select which investments go into that account.  I know that was your question, but things you said in your question made me wonder if you had all of that clear in your head. The key point here is don't wait.  You won't be able to time the market; certainly not consistently.  Get in NOW and stay in.  You adjust your investments based on your risk tolerance as you age, and you adjust your investments based on your wealth and needs.  But get in NOW.   Over the course of 40 years you are likely to be working, sometimes the market will be up, and sometimes the market will be down; but keep buying in.  Because every day you are in, you money can grow; and over 40 years the chances that you will grow substantially is pretty high.  No need to wait, start growing today. Things I didn't discuss but are important to you:
Consult your local Small Business Administration office - they may have resources that can help you find what you're looking for.
"Because its going to effect a lot of people's jobs but being able to work deals with those jobs on the table ""is essential to US business export interests"" &lt;/sarcasm&gt; in the rapidly growing developing countries, which have a surplus of skilled workers who could do those jobs.   Without privatizing education, they could not put those hundreds of thousands of jobs into play.  the same thing goes for health care, (which Ive heard described repeatedly in terms like ""the one bright spot in an otherwise dismal economy"" - a dangerous situation because they mean exactly what it sounds like)   They could not be giving discounts to Americans or having public health care here. Its too important to the US insurance and drug industries that US trade ~~ideological~~ goals be maintained purely and consistently. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;"
We know our bobbleheads are usually given as special gifts for important events. We will do everything to send it to you on time. Generally, it will take around 7 - 15 working days for us to process your order. We will pack your statue carefully and send it to you as soon as you confirm everything.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-artificialintelligence-idUSKBN1942OX) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; WASHINGTON The United States appears poised to heighten scrutiny of Chinese investment in Silicon Valley to better shield sensitive technologies seen as vital to U.S. national security, current and former U.S. officials tell Reuters.  &gt; AI&amp;#039;S ROLE IN DRONE WARFARE. Concerns about Chinese inroads into advanced technology come as the U.S. military looks to incorporate elements of artificial intelligence and machine learning into its drone program.  &gt; &amp;quot;When the Chinese make an investment in an early stage company developing advanced technology, there is an opportunity cost to the U.S. since that company is potentially off-limits for purposes of working with,&amp;quot; the report said.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6h3wj2/the_united_states_appears_poised_to_heighten/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~143518 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **technology**^#1 **us**^#2 **investment**^#3 **China**^#4 **Chinese**^#5"
[Some might say that these companies have too much power and influence, and are being used as political weapons.](https://wikileaks.org/google-is-not-what-it-seems/)  [These large companies and our government are also very intertwined in sometimes uncomfortable ways.](http://www.businessinsider.com/cia-600-million-deal-for-amazons-cloud-2013-3)  I do not come with an answer, because there really isn't one everyone will agree on. But, with human nature being so easily corrupted, I have my concerns time to time.
"Annual property tax and home insurance come to mind as things that are easily forgotten, but surely the biggest true, ""I didn't see that coming,"" is a major car repair. There are a number of things that can go wrong with a car with little warning and end up costing a thousand dollars or more.  Since most people are dependent upon their car for getting to work, doing anything but fixing or replacing the car is not an option.  If you fix it, that's an out of pocket expense that most aren't prepared for.  If the car has some age, you might be inclined to replace it, but doing so in a rush costs a lot more than taking your time in such a decision."
Our two rentals have yielded 8.5% over the past two years (averaged). That is net, after taxes, maintenance, management, vacancy, insurance, interest. I am only interested in cash flow - expenses / original investment. If you aren't achieving at least 4.5-5% net on your original investment you probably could invest elsewhere and earn a better return on a similar risk profile.
Our signage products are designed and manufactured for many industries and locations, such as Corporate Offices, Hotels, Hospitals, Schools, Retail Stores, Restaurants, and many more. As experienced signage professionals, we approach each project with a thorough examination of the purpose, location, traffic, size, typography, colour, material, finish, lighting condition, fabrication &amp; mounting method, safety as well as future maintenance. At Wonderful Signs &amp; Creative we will offer you our full guarantee of providing you our best signage services. For more details of our projects, please also visit our site at http://www.wonderfulsigns.com.
It costs money to pull credit information, and there's a record of who requested the info. And hard pulls are only a temporary, short-term ding on your score. Basically, if someone wants to make trouble,  there are better ways to do so.
Thank you JerseyPride for voting on I\_am\_a\_haiku\_bot.    This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).     ***    ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
Is this really a net effect of concentration of wealth? When so few people hold all the money, you need more money to keep the system running. Imagine we need 10 trillion to keep the economy running. If 1000 people hold 50%, you effectively need 5 trillion just to keep the economy running.  It is somewhat ironic that the last time we had full employment was basically the real estate bubble where tons of money was dumped into the system by liar loans with no credit check.  Not saying we want to go back there, but perhaps we need that level of money in the system to get full employment. If we want to get there safely, we need to buy back our debt, invest more in our infrastructure and provide more services. This is the only way we are going to get full employment
Might be able to replace, but at what price? There was a reason why people bought products from EU/US - it had the correct quality/price ratio. Now with the new imports you will either (1) lose on quality or (2) face an increase in pricing. Either way regular Russians are going to bear the brunt of it, not the oligarchs running the show. Say high to increased inflation, reduced GDP expectations and damaged international relations.
The bank depends on the laws of large numbers.  They don't need to make money on every customer -- just on average. There are several ways that zero interest makes sense to them: You asked about banks, and I don't think you see this last scheme in use very much by a bank.  Here's why.   First, customers absolutely hate it - and when you drop the interest bomb, they will warn their friends away, blow you up on social media, call the TV news consumer protectors, and never, ever, ever do business with you again.  Which defeats your efforts in customer acquisition.  Second, it only works on that narrow range of people who default just a little bit, i.e. who have an auto-pay malfunction.  If someone really defaults, not only will they not pay the punishment interest, they won't pay the principal either!  This only makes sense for secured loans like furniture or cars, where you can repo that stuff - with unsecured loans, you don't really have any power to force them to pay, short of burning their credit.  You can sue them, but you can't get blood from a stone.
I have had better experiences with accountants in smaller towns.  It seems they are used to working with small businesses and their reputation is very important to them.
I'm interning right now for the state and it gets boring but I like to ask around for work. I tend to be a multi-tasker and take on several projects at once to keep me sane. They even recruit me to work for other departments outside of mine. The more stuff I do, the better it looks on my resume even if this isn't what I want to do. It benefits all parties to take on more work and responsibilities. If it's engineering, just work your tail off where you are right now and apply for other positions for the school you're in. Network with professors and such to see if they can help you out or with your career service center to see if there are some positions in other places. Best thing you can do is always keep your feet moving. It keeps depression away and benefits you in the long run.
Got job at top 10 bank out of college.  First year as analyst I also got involved in college recruiting.  There were many discussions on what schools to recruit from.  Seemed to be a combo of best reputations, highest rankings, and schools some senior executives went too.  Our bank had dedicated recruitment at about 10 to 15 schools.  If you got into the analyst program outside of that it was through some connection.  If memory serves me, these were the colleges we recruited from.  Harvard Yale MIT Dartmouth Brown Cornell Princeton Columbia Duke Nyu Stanford Ucla Cal  Think nyu the easiest school that gets dedicated recruiters due to it's size and location.  My bank had more west coast and southern focus than other banks.  I believe northwestern and u of Chicago get recruited from banks with large Chicago offices.
"The solution I've come up with is to keep income in CAD, and Accounts Receivable in USD.  Every time I post an invoice it prompts for the exchange rate. I don't know if this is ""correct"" but it seems to be preserving all of the information about the transactions and it makes sense to me.  I'm a programmer, not an accountant though so I'd still appreciate an answer from someone more familiar with this topic."
There are good reasons to not go the cash route here (see Jay's answer). If one insists however, at 30 k€ anti-money laundering regulations have to be considered (and are not mentioned by the existing answers so far). Depositing amounts larger than 10 k€ will trigger questions about the source of the money to fight tax evasion and organized crime (splitting the amount may still trigger the process). So prepare good proof concerning the origin of that money and a paper trail that shows it is legal money and that it has been taxed already.  I.e. the latest Anti-Money Laundering Directive is supposed to be implemented by national laws, thus including Spain. The European Union Fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive is the most sweeping AML legislation in Europe in several years. On 25 June 2015, the EU Fourth Directive was enacted, which replaces the previous Third Directive. With a two-year window for implementation, all EU member states must be compliant with the new mandates by 26 June 2017. Source
"I've heard that the bank may agree to a ""one time adjustment"" to lower the payments on Mortgage #2 because of paying a very large payment. Is this something that really happens? It's to the banks advantage to reduce the payments in that situation.  If they were willing to loan you money previously, they should still be willing.  If they keep the payments the same, then you'll pay off the loan faster.  Just playing with a spreadsheet, paying off a third of the mortgage amount would eliminate the back half of the payments or reduces payments by around two fifths (leaving off any escrow or insurance).   If you can afford the payments, I'd lean towards leaving them at the current level and paying off the loan early.  But you know your circumstances better than we do.   If you are underfunded elsewhere, shore things up.  Fully fund your 401k and IRA.  Fill out your emergency fund.  Buy that new appliance that you don't quite need yet but will soon.  If you are paying PMI, you should reduce the principal down to the point where you no longer have to do so.  That's usually more than 20% equity (or less than an 80% loan).   There is an argument for investing the remainder in securities (stocks and bonds).  If you itemize, you can deduct the interest on your mortgage.  And then you can deduct other things, like local and state taxes.  If you're getting a higher return from securities than you'd pay on the mortgage, it can be a good investment.  Five or ten years from now, when your interest drops closer to the itemization threshold, you can cash out and pay off more of the mortgage than you could now.   The problem is that this might not be the best time for that.  The Buffett Indicator is currently higher than it was before the 2007-9 market crash.  That suggests that stocks aren't the best place for a medium term investment right now.   I'd pay down the mortgage.  You know the return on that.  No matter what happens with the market, it will save you on interest.  I'd keep the payments where they are now unless they are straining your budget unduly.  Pay off your thirty year mortgage in fifteen years."
"It seems that they are also protesting because of Burger King are being ""unpatriotic"" to USA.    I feel that seems like a pretty silly idea to get behind in my opinion    but that is just my shallow laymen's observations so, oh well."
Except, restricting how the economy can be controlled is a slippery slope into financial control of the nation by outside interests.  The real issue is that every extreme becomes a problem, and trying to block every extreme is futile.  Controls should impede, but not completely stop, extremes.  The impedance method should return the force against it as support or growth for the nation.  Financial growth of any outside interest connected to the government or in this country should bring more and more wealth into the nation, while slowing the growth of the financial extremes, but never stopping it.  Special Interest groups need to return to the country a share of what they gain through their work with the government and our people.  Religious groups should return money and support of the lower class.  Women’s advocacy groups need to return value for their gains.  The NRA needs to return value for its gains.  The poorer populace should return work for the country in return for education, health care, housing, food, and wages.  Harder and smarter work, better progress through education, should be rewarded with better benefits and eventual financial “freedom” (there is no true freedom in a world of limited resources and competition, so the idea of “true freedom” is ridiculous).  We should, however, endeavor to give as much freedom as possible.  There should be an uncomfortable minimum below which a person may only fall if they refuse to work and get educated.
If you can generate a higher ROI by renting than by cashing out and investing, then you should rent it out. Please consider your risk tolerance as well. It's always a personal decision whether to assume higher risk for a higher return.
&gt; Ever considered that I'm not even American? So basing my arguments on your constitution wouldn't make sense to me.  Okay, my bad.  My assumption was wrong.  But now you are left with no support to your claims about what a social contract can be.  &gt; Capitalism is barter. You don't neither need government enforcement nor centralized currencies...  If that is true, how do you explain that capitalism didn't start until the 16th century, after private property and currencies were already established?  &gt; Capitalism does not require maintenance...  I never said it did.  I said when someone can work because of government services it makes sense part of that person's income should go to maintain/improve those services.  &gt; Are you seriously going to base your arguments on a game...  My argument was that a capitalist system without wealth redistribution is unstable.  Monopoly is a simple illustration as to why.  I consider my argument unchallenged if your only criticism is my choice of example.
Generally a diversified portfolio will give you a better overall return --a couple of factors that may address what you are looking at - 1) Correlation - The correlation between your two funds is still very high -- it's partially a function of how global economies are related and many companies are now multi-national.  It may help if you diversified into other types of products.   2) Diversification - Following up from before, you may want to also look into diversifying into some bonds, commodities, reits, etc.  They will have a much smaller correlation with a total domestic stock fund. 3) Returns - I'm not sure if by dominate you mean that it has better overall returns, but the point of diversification is to to get you the highest returns.  It's really the ability to limit the risk for the returns - this really translates to limiting the volatility.  This may mean that overall your max returns could be lower-- ie: maybe VTSAX  gives potential average returns between 3%-11%.  A diversified portfolio may give you potential average returns of 5%-9%.  A similar article debating the merits of 'smart beta ETFs' if you are curious. Hope that helps.
Just because target is ultimately to blame doesn't mean the behavior is ethical.  It is disappointing that so many think of ethics as anything they can get away with and avoid punishment.  That isn't ethics, that is weighing risks and rewards.
Learn how to do the job and don't be afraid to step in and help out. If you never do this people will assume you think you're too good to do the work they do and they won't respect you or your authority.   Being good at something gives you natural authority and people will seek you out for advice/direction.  Trust your employees to do their jobs until they prove otherwise. Management is a relationship and relationships are based on trust. If you want to be untrusted the very best way to go about it is to show you don't trust the other person. If you're not trusted then no one is going to follow your untrustworthy advice/direction.  Stay calm even when things are going terribly. Even if you're freaking out on the inside it's best to show a calm front. If you're constantly on edge it will amplify through your employees and a chaotic workplace is obviously less efficient overtime. If you lose your cool apologize sincerely.  Be positive. Always have something good to say about something and employees will more likely be able to stay positive. If you're negative all the time then again this is going to amplify through employees and if everyone is gossiping and complaining all day efficiency is going to go down.   Be assertive and explain why. Sometimes you can take input from employees and negotiate, but sometimes you just have to tell them what to do and it's important to include why because if you include the why people are much more likely to comply as well as to remember what you said.  All these things may not make you liked. If your goal is to be liked then quit because all bosses aren't liked by many employees. You will be more likely to be effective and at least respected.
"I think you misunderstand the purpose of the liability account.  I would suggest you review the standard accounting model, but to give you a brief overview: Income and expenses are money coming into and out of your possession.  They are the pipes flowing into and out of your ""box"".  Inside your box, you have assets (bank, savings, cash, etc) and liabilities (credit cards, unpaid debts, etc).  Money can flow into and out of either asset or liability accounts, for example: deposit a payment (income to asset), buy office supplies with cash (asset to expense), pay a bill with credit card (liability to expense), customer pays one of your debts directly (income to liability).  Paying off a debt with an asset does not affect your overall net worth, so paying a check to your credit card bill (asset to liability) doesn't decrease your total balance, it merely moves the value from one bucket to another. Now to your question: Mandatory payments, such as taxes or insurance (or for that matter, utilities, rent, food- all things that ""must"" be bought occasionally) are not liabilities, instead they are all expenses.  They might be paid FROM a liability account, if they are paid on credit for example, but the money still flows from liability to expense.  In my own records I have Expense:Taxes and Expense:Insurance, with sub-accounts in each.  Where the money comes from depends entirely on how I pay my bills, whether from cash or banks (asset) or whether it's a charge (liability).  Sometimes you receive payments back from an insurance company.  I find that rather than treating insurance premiums as a positive balance in a liability (with eventual payments as debits to the liability account), it is better to treat any payment from the insurance as income. Hope that helps!"
The people in this thread thinking that this won't happen soon are don't realize the extent to which we already entrust our lives to automated solutions. Go to a hospital and if you have a serious injury you'll be hooked up to machines that monitor your life and if they break you can die.  Already planes have been automated to the point that the pilot just sits there to give the illusion of comfort for the passengers (and can handle the few dangerous situations which the AI can't handle yet).  The military is investing in this technology in a major way, and once it reaches maturity the savings companies would make off of it would ensure that they'd get it to be legal. In the end, it would be better than a human pilot, because of its ability to network with all the other uavs in the air, its unwavering concentration and its faster reaction speed.  I can't wait for the day when I can get onto an automated plane, or an automated car (which I think will arrive first, they're already street legal in Vegas where Google is testing their car).
Good points. It's not a completely new shift, as some equities are behaving as one would historically expect: $LMT just missed earnings and investors are responding appropriately. So while overall things seem somewhat strange, there are still classic signs of behavior.
I'm very sorry to hear this. Did you ask the professional to put his advice in writing? At the very least, you can get him reprimanded or even have to make good on what his advice cost you.  Professionals like him give bloggers like me a bad rap.  In the end, a loss from sale of your home cannot offset any other gains. The gain from your home sale is often not taxable as up to $250k per person (for a couple) is excluded if you lived in the house for two of prior five years.  By the way, where, exactly, did you read this? 'Everywhere' is pretty broad. I've been around for some time and never saw this particular incorrect assertion before.
"Yes, they are.  Ridesharing is just a term for Unmarked taxi booked through app.      I have no issue with that, since ""Government regulated taxi"" is so awful in almost every city on earth, that ridesharing has improved safety and convenience."
Are you saying that you did not tell your employer, more specifically, your payroll department, that you got married, via a W4?  The W4 does not say '25%' bracket, but it asks for how many withholding allowances you plan to take. In effect, you are withholding at the single rate, but are married now. When you do your taxes for 2013, you'll see the full effect of what the W4 has on your withholding.  I suggest you use this time to update the W4, and not lend money to Uncle Sam.   Here's the current tax table from FairMark Publishing. 2013 gives a single a combined $10K in standard deduction and exemption, with a couple getting $20K. For a simple return, this is the info you need to figure out what you'll get back, and conversely, how much to pay next year.  e.g. a gross of $50,000 - for single the tax is on $40,000. $5929. For a couple, $30K taxable is a tax of $3608.  On a side note - I strongly recommend Roth accounts when in the 15% bracket and shift to Pre-Tax accounts as you get into the 25% bracket.
There's no easy answer, and you're asking others to do all of your research. Read up on utilities in North-West Europe and figure out their energy fuel mix. If 1 of the Company's 2 nuclear reactors went offline, they'd have to make up for the energy they've promised through another fuel source, or purchase the power from a different utility co. You'll have to research their fuel mix, back up power generation, PPA's, Hedging strategy &amp; position, and so on.   Otherwise, if you think a large portion of nuclear will go offline, what's the next largest source of power for those companies? Coal? Natural Gas? Oil? Go Long the backup fuel.
"I am a female that works for a photo studio in berlin. I work ""part time"" (as in, I started at four hours per day and now I can work up to 8 if there is enough work). I make 8 euro per hour (not a lot but I don't speak fluent German and I scan photos), I have health insurance, I have sick and vacation time (24 days).  I am married to a German with a full time job so, of course, I have it better. However, if we didn't make enough money you can go and apply to get help from the government. My husband said they would give him at least 300euro per month.  Trick is that since I am a US citizen and looking for a permanent visa in three years they check to make sure you haven't gotten any government aid. They don't want to support more people that can't or don't want to work.  That being said my mother-in-law cannot work due to medical reasons and she lives very comfortably in a good apartment.  Our last apartment was a studio/one room apartment and we paid 230 euro per month. Even making the money I do without my husband I could afford the basics.  Even now we pay 57 euro for electricity. About 20 euro a month for our phones. 20 euro a month for internet.  It is way less expensive than the USA. My mom pays about $90 per month (my aunt sometimes has $1,000 electricity bills). Water is another $30. Cellphone another $60, cable and internet another $120.   I would say that living in the USA is far more expensive.  Edit: to put it very simply. I used to make on my own in the USA about what my husband and I both make, combined, in Germany. In the USA I could barely make ends meet. I lived with my mom and sister. Paid as little rent as I could, barely had enough for food. I had a good job! I was lucky to have health insurance but it was still really expensive to go to the doctor.  Here, in berlin, we have a large apartment in a nice neighborhood. With paying rent and all of our must haves every month we have over 500 euro left. That is pretty good. In the USA I was lucky if I had $20 by the end of the pay period."
Not necessarily. You can set any rules that you like, and you can get capital from other sources. In our company's case, you have to work there for a year before you are eligible to join the co-op. The buy in is given as an interest free loan taken through payroll deduction. We don't get to share the profits generated by the labor of people who are not members of the company. Those stay as retained earnings. We can take on loans as well as outside investment as long as the outside investors aren't given voting rights (via restricted preferred stock).
It would be hard to say everything is overvalued when value is relative between any two items or services.  Most large corporate entities will hedge their positions, so even if a subset of securities or commodities moves negatively they preserve their value.    Most of the people that promote these types of ideas are selling something that has an inverse correlation with the market, so they hope to get others to buy in and drive up prices for them so they can cash out.  Or they are doomsday-conspiracy types.
Agreed. I had a relatively fresh (five years old) Chap. 7 bankruptcy on my record when a potential employer ran a credit check prior to employment.   When I signed the form OKing the check, I told them what they'd find and said I was happy to explain it. I wrote a letter, they put it on file for the insurer (I needed to be bonded for this job -- I was co-signing six-figure checks) and it was fine.
&gt; (mostly ivy leaguers on Wall Street, they've worked their asses off for these jobs).  I spent 6 years in the military and government, 2 of them in Iraq. Getting my job in banking was more difficult and more challenging than anything I had ever done up until that point in my life.
Yes, that is correct. There is no limit.  An initial public offering of common stock by a company means that these shares remain outstanding for as long as the company wishes. The exceptions are through corporate actions, most commonly either
"&gt;""The haranguing had zero effect,"" Sunstein told The New York Times, referring to the year-long lobbying blitz by the for-profit college industry, which fought a relentless campaign to stave off consumer protection regulations and maintain access to billions of dollars in federal subsidies.  Every time I read something like that I imagine the scene in Shawshank Redemption where the warden is given a pie with a bunch of cash in the box and realizes immediately that his guys can't possibly do the job that the briber was bidding on."
"Most people cannot use pgp/gpg and setting it up would, in order to do that correctly, require voice fingerprint verification. Don't. Just write a word doc and either encrypt it when saving using the ""save as"" function or encrypt it using zip and email that to them. Then call them and tell them the password. Done."
"they make their money by serving weight loss ads and selling virtual coins so people can ""win"" at farmville. their business model is virtually absolutely dependent on the grace and prosperity of Facebook. its a bubble, and it shouldn't surprise anyone.  the fact that society considers what zynga does as valuable is almost in and of itself an argument that modern capitalism is rotten. i don't consider them industrialists, this overvalued IPO is a scam based on a fad supporting lowest common denominator advertising."
This is exactly​ what it is, those rich suburanites live too far out of their current footprint for timely delivery service. Not anymore.   For example, in Georgia there are 5 Whole Foods in some of the most affluent neighborhoods in Metro Atlanta that Amazon Fresh currently does not service.
1500 what? Items purchased at a supermarket? Assuming I purchase 50 items during a serious visit (a pretty low estimate) 1500 data points only represents 30 visits. If I go to the supermarket once a week, that's not even a year's worth of data.  How about websites? According to [this guy](http://kickstand.typepad.com/metamuse/2007/10/how-many-web-pa.html) an average internet user initiates between 120-140 unique pageviews per day. taking the low estimate, 1500 data paints doesn't even represent two weeks of data (12.5 days).  1500 data points is NOTHING when you're trying to predict consumer behavior.
I hope they can keep it, but that goes also together with all other freedoms, which all xenophobic UKers don't seem to be ok with. And they should pay some serious cash, which might not seem acceptable at the time of the negotiations.
Military members are duties in the rural area and they can offer to live the rural area in the off-base houses. They are so expensive. But all the Military Housing Rental charges are not equal. In the rural area, there is a lot of peace and prosperity or financial battles.
Congrats on saving aggressively when you're young. I'm not a huge fan of tax-advantaged accounts because the rules can change on them, and there's already a penalty for you to take out that money for most purposes until you've almost tripled your age. Free money (a match) overcomes this reservation for me, but I'm not contributing anything beyond that.  I'm paying my taxes on the rest and am done with them. Watching your money grow tax-free for another 37 1/2 years only to see your (and everyone else's) marginal tax rate rise isn't much fun.  I'm not saying that will happen, but it certainly could.
I will never forget a Best Buy sales person telling me I NEED gold tipped hdmi cables that cost $100+ or I'm not getting the most out of my TV.  Fuck you Best Buy. You will never earn my trust back.
"You can place the orders like you suggested.  This would be useful in a market that is moving quickly where you want to be reasonably sure of execution but don't want the full exposure of a market order.  This won't jump your spot in the queue though in the sense that you won't get ahead of other orders that are ""ready"" for execution just because you have crossed the spread aggressively."
The salary of a coal miner with a couple years of experience is $29/hour.  After a couple years at Arby's a good worker might make shift supervisor at $10/hr.  Thousands of products are made from coal including pharmaceuticals, soap, dyes, solvents, plastics, nylon, and carbon fibers.  Miners would still be needed even if coal wasn't used for energy.  Fast food workers could disappear tomorrow and we'd just be healthier.
While it is often true that loyalty is not rewarded with a pay increase, jumping jobs too often can prematurely inflate your pay. I have seen people fresh out of school have 3 different jobs in 5 years, each one with a nice pay increase. Then suddenly, the company needs to trim some fat, hey look at this person with average output but slightly higher than average pay who has only been here a year. Looks like the best choice to cut.
&gt; Back to following me from sub to sub I see....  Sorry - I've been in /r/economy much longer than you and as /u/bashyourscript pointed out, your history if these kind of posts is well established. If you don't want to be called out on woo woo posts, then don't make them.
In addition to a fee-only advisor, brought up by dg99, you could consider asking your questions on message boards such as Bogleheads.org. I have found the advice amazing, obviously conflict-free, and free.
If you are going to be buying a house in 1-2 years, I would be putting my money into a short term holding area like a high interest (which isn't that high right now) or a CD (also low interest) because of your near-term need.  I wouldn't use the Roth option for your down payment money. If you invest in something volatile (and stocks/mutual funds are very volatile in a 1-2 year term) I would consider it too risky for your need and time frame.
Apoorva apparently doesn't like competitive according to my friends text, so I asked him if that means Instacart is being purchased as well. Makes sense, why compete when you can just get acquired or go acquiring other businesses
1. People love free and don't hate ads all that much.  2. There are plenty of sites that have a donate or subscribe button in lieu of advertising.  But it only really works where the fan base is passionate.
The basic fundamental flaw in our reasoning is this:  The Afghan will always see us as an invader and they fucking hate us, through and through. If we can get this through our head we will understand why after we train them and arm them, they still shoot us.  Trying to bring India into Afghanistan, is simply ideologically idiotic, the Taliban will never give into Hindu Idol worshipers no matter what, Muslims count their pedigree from the Arab conquerors who destroyed Hindu temples and Idols, not look at them as benevolent saviors and India's Israeli connection is simply a no go with the neighbors, no matter how much sun shine we blow up India's ass.  Yeah and did I mention the main thing  They fucking Hate us
"You seem to be assuming that ETFs must all work like the more traditional closed-end funds, where the market price per share tends—based on supply and demand—to significantly deviate from the underlying net asset value per share. The assumption is simplistic. What are traditionally referred to as closed-end funds (CEFs), where unit creation and redemption are very tightly controlled, have been around for a long time, and yes, they do often trade at a premium or discount to NAV because the quantity is inflexible. Yet, what is generally meant when the label ""ETF"" is used (despite CEFs also being both ""exchange-traded"" and ""funds"") are those securities which are not just exchange-traded, and funds, but also typically have two specific characteristics: (a) that they are based on some published index, and (b) that a mechanism exists for shares to be created or redeemed by large market participants. These characteristics facilitate efficient pricing through arbitrage. Essentially, when large market participants notice the price of an ETF diverging from the value of the shares held by the fund, new units of the ETF can get created or redeemed in bulk. The divergence quickly narrows as these participants buy or sell ETF units to capture the difference. So, the persistent premium (sometimes dear) or discount (sometimes deep) one can easily witness in the CEF universe tend not to occur with the typical ETF. Much of the time, prices for ETFs will tend to be very close to their net asset value. However, it isn't always the case, so proceed with some caution anyway. Both CEF and ETF providers generally publish information about their funds online. You will want to find out what is the underlying Net Asset Value (NAV) per share, and then you can determine if the market price trades at a premium or a discount to NAV. Assuming little difference in an ETF's price vs. its NAV, the more interesting question to ask about an ETF then becomes whether the NAV itself is a bargain, or not. That means you'll need to be more concerned with what stocks are in the index the fund tracks, and whether those stocks are a bargain, or not, at their current prices. i.e. The ETF is a basket, so look at each thing in the basket. Of course, most people buy ETFs because they don't want to do this kind of analysis and are happy with market average returns. Even so, sector-based ETFs are often used by traders to buy (or sell) entire sectors that may be undervalued (or overvalued)."
US currency doesn't expire, it is always legal tender.  I can see some trouble if you tried to spend a $10,000 bill (you'd be foolish to do so, since they are worth considerably more). Maybe some stores raise eyebrows at old-style $100's (many stores don't take $100 bills at all), but you could swap them for new style at a bank if having trouble with a particular store. Old-series currency can be an issue when trying to exchange US bills in other countries, just because it doesn't expire here, doesn't mean you can't run into issues elsewhere. Other countries have different policies, for example, over the last year the UK phased in a new five pound note, and as of last month (5/5/2017) the old fiver is no longer considered legal tender (can still swap out old fivers at the bank for now at least).  Edit: I mistook which currency you took where, and focused on US currency instead of Canadian, but it looks like it's the same story there.
I cannot imagine an organizer being worth enough to consider depreciating the expense over a period of time greater than one year. Also, once you write in an organizer, it's pretty much worthless to anyone else. Talk to your accountant if you'd like, but I cannot see how you would classify a fancy organizer as a fixed asset.
I had an internship and they hired me afterwards. Honestly sounded like a good way to break in. I also learned a whole new language for the internship and wanted to continue using it instead of any of the languages taught in school.  Not sure if the company would be considered good or bad. I ended up being solo for a long time but also building three applications ground up. I felt like I was improving a lot, especially on projects they gave me lots of leeway on because they were low priority (they just wanted features, no emergency bug tickets, etc). But no peers for most of my work and all the software was privately made and privately licensed/sold.  I also had difficulties leaving because I'm an idiot. With no backup me leaving basically meant they would be fucked, and they were my only reference. I was fine taking that salary because I had zero experience (no job. Ever. Not even volunteering. My mother wouldn't let me because of snobbiness), however once I was more valuable to this company and they even praised me for it in the assessments -- they gave out 2% raises. Later my bonuses decreased as my hours and responsibilities increased, too.  I asked to be taken off the stressful project, thinking I could salvage this, and they hired a replacement for me to train 3 months later. I got the high leeway project again for 6 months and my job satisfaction was phenomenal by comparison so i stayed. However, then my replacement was fired... So they asked me as a favour to work on the stressful project again and said they would replace me in a month and a half. They didn't. I worked on it for 8 months, I kept asking about it too. Their job posting was also terrible and they roped me in on it  at the end and I gained the responsibility of recruiting and vetting (yay for that one actually...). We hired another replacement for me, I trained them too, and left immediately.  Actually I regret staying there as long as I did. They gaslit me and I shouldn't have tried to make up for their incompetence. They actually made me a contractor at the end so I was getting paid half of what I originally was. Before I left I asked for a competitive raise and the company owner basically lied about details and tried to tell me what a fuss I was trying to talk about my happiness and what I want once a year... It was surreal but they agreed to bump my pay in the end. However, I was furious by their treatment and reply (which BTW came after I 'suddenly did not show up' despite bolding and clearly stating I would cease work with them and informing the people I worked with on the last day that I heard nothing back from the owner about a new/extended contract), so I said no.  I don't know how to negotiate. I am too humble. Selling oneself or seeing someone sell themselves makes me physically uncomfortable. It is completely unnatural, and sets off my bullshit alarms. Actually I seem to have some PTSD from that job, now, too...
"Almost all companies in the US have changed from formal pension programs to 401k plans, and most companies that still have pension programs don't allow new employees to  enroll in the new program; only the previous participants who are vested in the pension plan will get benefits while new employees get enrolled in the 401k plan. If this is the case with  your prospective employer, then demanding that you be allowed to enroll in the pension plan is likely to be futile; in fact, the likely response may well be ""Here is our offer. Take it or leave it"" or ""We are withdrawing  the offer we made"" especially if you are in a field where there are plenty of other people who could do the job instead of you. So be sure that you understand what your worth is to the company and how much leverage you have before starting to make counter-offers. With regard to money that you might have vested in your current employer's pension plan, your options are to leave it there until you retire and start getting a pension (generally not advisable in these parlous times when the company might not even exist by then), roll it over into an IRA or into your new employer's 401k plan. This last is the only matter that concerns your prospective employer and where you might need to ask; the new employer's 401k plan might not be structured to accept rollovers. If the money in your current employer's retirement plan is in a pension plan, what is paid out for rolling over might be different (and smaller) than what has been credited to you thus far. For example, my (State Government) pension plan credited 8% interest per annum on the amounts I contributed but this was fake money because had I resigned and withdrawn the pension contributions (for the purpose of rolling over into an IRA or even just taking it as cash), I would have received only my contributions plus only 4.5% interest per annum. The 8% interest credited is available only for the purpose of the purchase of an immediate annuity upon retirement; it is not something that is portable to a new plan, and if I want a lump-sum payout upon retirement instead of a pension in the form of an annuity, it would be the 4.5% rate again..."
"I meant ""we"" in terms of the US Treasury, which currently owes over 100% of GDP. And that's cooking the debt numbers down using cash accounting and cooking the GDP up by lying about inflation, among other things.  Plenty of people are doing better than ever, particularly those who have their hands in the cheap money thrown around by the Fed."
The only drawback is if you spend more than you can with the new limit and end up having to pay interest if you can't pay the balance in full. Other than that, there are no drawbacks to getting a credit increase.  On the flip side, it's actually good for you. It shows that the banks trust you with more credit, and it also decreases your credit utilization ratio (assuming you spend the same).
In addition to what quid said, I think your risk tolerance should depend on how likely you are to need the funds in the near future. Say that you have $100k saved up and you want to decide how to invest it. Then you should ask yourself: The idea here is that if you invest say in stocks (high risk) then the value of your position could drop significantly and you'd potentially have to wait for a long time before it recovers. If you are forced to sell you could make a substantial loss. If you don't urgently need this cash, however, then you can feel relaxed and just wait for the market to reverse again. This is viewing risk through the lens of how likely it is that you'll have to wait a long time to get a substantial amount of your money back, which itself is a function of how likely it is for a substantial downturn to occur in a certain market.
&gt;Yes, but at the root of it is the consumer. Complaining that these trusted sources are not adhering to principles of journalistic integrity while they are desperately trying to survive, thrive and adapt to a completely shifting paradigm where competition is lowering the bar and the same consumers are unwilling to step up and reward journalistic integrity - this is what happens. Essentially we get what we pay for.   Absolutely, but the difference is that western media now resembles grocery store gossip magazines more than journalism.   &gt; &gt;We can lay blame on the media organizations as much as we care to, but the reality is we’ve reached a point where most people like to be given talking points and sound bites that vindicate their point of view rather than actually try to obtain facts and form their own opinions. The truth is rarely accessibly in the bite-size pieces our society today craves.  That's well and good but they're trading on the credibility of yesteryear and selling us clickbait.   Many people still trust these outlets but more are rejecting them. Social media accelerates agenda and de-emphasizes truth.   &gt; &gt;Trust in the media is at an all time low for no other reason than we allowed it to happen and rewarded the media for going down that path. We’ve created a system that does not reward what we say we want from media, rather rewards the actions that show we want the complete opposite.   We are customers. We didn't allow it to happen so much as companies evolved in that direction.   The government also repealed fairness and anti propaganda legislation so that has contributed as well.   &gt; &gt;If I may inquire, how many people reading this pay any premium for good journalism? I will be the first to sadly admit I do not.  How many people take media outlets with disabled comments and archival seriously?   &gt; &gt;Obviously this means I am also part of the problem despite making an effort to look at news from all sides - I am just a guilty as most to reinforcing the same system that has destroyed journalistic integrity.   You're more moderate than most, at least you're questioning and examining your perspective, your reasons for belief and a willingness to change.
Are there any documented cases of OneWest foreclosing on people that were current on their mortgage payments?  If not, this seems like much ado about nothing.  If you're a deadbeat and don't pay your mortgage, the lender has every right to take your house.
Okay, if you pay me money, and then i send it back to you, that's not the same thing as you paying no money and me sending you money. The state is not out any money it wouldnt have if the factory wasnt there. To rephrase, the state has just as much money as if the factory was not there, except they will get additional tax revenue in the future and get more jobs for citizens.
Alright my dude, I looked over it.  Not sure what the ls&amp;s project proposal is (so, it's hard to sanity check your numbers - you also don't include a growth percentage in those operations, so I assume that is correct or under contract), and I have no idea if the 250k / year is reasonable for library materials on the ls&amp;s, but I would totally expect the internal service charges to vary - would you expect either model to effect them more, why or why not, and provide a model for potentials?  Also, you have some English I would recommend you clean up before sharing. Good luck!
"One alternative strategy you may want to consider is writing covered calls on the stock you have ""just sitting there"".  This will allow you to earn a return (the premium from the calls) without necessarily having to give up your holding. As a brief overview, ""options"" are derivatives that give the holder the right (or option) to buy or sell shares at a specified price.  Holders of call options with a strike prike $x on a particular security have the right to purchase that security at the strike price $x.  Conversely, holders of put options with a strike price of $x have the right to sell that security at the strike price $x.  Always on the other side of a call or put option is a person that has sold the option, which is called ""writing"" the option.  If this person writes a call option, then he will be obligated to sell a certain amount of stock (100 shares per contract) at the strike price if that option is exercised.  A writer of a put option will be obligated to by 100 shares per contract at the strike price if that option is exercised. Covered calls involve writing call contracts on stock that you own.  For example, say you own 100 shares of AAPL, and that AAPL is currently trading for $330.  You decide to write a Jan 21, 2012 call on these shares at a strike price of $340, earning you a premium of say $300. Two things can now happen: if the price of AAPL is not at least $340 on January 21, then the options are ""out of the money"" and will expire unexercised (why exercise an option to buy at $340 when you can buy at the currently cheaper market price?).  You keep your AAPL stock plus the $300 premium you earn.  If, however, the price of AAPL is greater than $340, the option will be exercised and you will now be required to sell the shares you own at $340.  You will earn a return of $10/share ($340-$330), plus the $300 premium from the call option.  You still make out in the end, but have unfortunately incurred an opportunity cost, as had you not written the call option you would have been able to sell at the market price, which is higher than the $340 strike price. Covered calls are considered relatively safe and conservative, however the strategy is most effective for stocks that are expected to stay within a relatively narrow price range for the duration of the contract.  They do provide one option of earning additional money on stocks you are currently holding, albeit at the risk of giving up some returns if the stock price rises above the strike price."
They're understaffed. There's one lady who works in the office and lives onsite. She's the right lady for the job because she is on top of absolutely everything, but she's way overworked. So the company above her probably justifies it that they're not putting in any extra payroll, just overworking the poor lady.
"For starters, if you're not making any money doing something, it's a hobby. It sounds like you want to work for the current owners making THEM money as a hobby. If that floats your boat, go crazy.   Show enough motivation and they may offer to ""sell"" you the business for $1, or some other surprisingly low dollar figure. This will seem like a gift worth dropping out of school for, but be extremely careful before getting excited.   Odds are when you take over the business, you end up assuming their debts too. Mortgages, rent payments, back payroll, equipment loans/leases, and possibly any back/late payments from before your takeover.    Use your first few weeks as an academic study ""for a school project"". Get a copy of their books, find out where the consistent money is and see how to grow that. They may be selling games at a loss because their crowd consistently buys enough beer to cover expenses. Or maybe the money from that stupid crane game covers the electric bill for the whole place because Bill has a problem.   Learn, study, and ask more for information as payment than cash. The only way it make real money is to actually take over ownership of the place, so take the long view and build toward that instead of a salaried manager gig or something."
Edit:  I'm going to restate my original point without calling attention to charity being considered squandering because I feel it takes away from what I was trying to say.    I wanted to leave this here though, because I think the statistics that show wealth is squandered by the third generation include people who chose to give their fortune away.   It's also worth noting that for future generations to maintain a fortune, there needs to be an unbroken chain of people who decided *not* to give it away.
I like when I get told about something last minute, scamper like mad to get it done ASAP, and then get yelled at for holding things up.  I threaten to hold them to our review cycle process which calls for 4-7 business days.
"No.  And furthermore, canceling based on insider information is not considered insider trading. SEC Interpretation from October of 2000: (a) Does the act of terminating a plan while aware of material nonpublic information result in liability under Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5? No. Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 apply ""in connection with the purchase or sale of any security."" Thus, a purchase or sale of a security must be present for liability to attach. See Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores, 421 U.S. 723 (1975). [link mine] A 10b5-2 is a rule in the SEC's section in federal law that governs trading on ""material nonpublic information."" Fried (2002) even concluded that: The SEC's safe harbour permitting insiders to buy or sell shares pursuant to prearranged trading plans while in possession of material nonpublic information and to cancel the plans while aware of material nonpublic information enables insiders to profit from their access to such information.  The SEC could easily eliminate insider's advantages over public shareholders by not allowing insiders to cancel their plans after becoming aware of material nonpublic information."
Semm Co is one of the leading chocolate machine distributors in China. Chocolate melting machine melts the chocolate using either the microwave oven or a double boiler. You will not want this kind of chocolate as it will clog and damage the machine. Measure just the right amount of chocolate and melt it according to package instructions so you will have a smooth consistency each time. A perfectly melted chocolate will have the best liquid curtain without any clumps.
No you won't. Germany taxes income, not bank accounts. Note that this changes immediately when your bank account makes interest - you will owe taxes on this interest. However, chances are you won't get a bank account. Without residency or income, typically the banks wouldn't give you an account. Feel free to try, though.
"Actually, this quote is bogus. It is from a book (Web of Debt by Ellen Brown). Even Brown herself now acknowledges this fact: Chapter 7, #20 at http://webofdebt.wordpress.com/questions-and-answers/response-to-gary-north/response-to-gary-north-2/  From Brown: ""A bogus quote from Garfield on the control over money. I was already alerted to that. Garfield is no longer mentioned in my book."""
"Generally, ETFs work on the basis that there exists a pair of values that can be taken at any moment in time: A Net Asset Value of each share in the fund and a trading market price of each share in the fund.  It may help to picture these in baskets of about 50,000 shares for the creation/redemption process. If the NAV is greater than the market price, then arbitrageurs will buy up shares at the market price and do an ""in-kind"" transaction that will be worth the NAV value that the arbitrageurs could turn around and sell for an immediate profit. If the market price is greater than the NAV, then the arbitrageurs will buy up the underlying securities that can be exchanged ""in-kind"" for shares in the fund that can then be sold on the market for an immediate profit. What is the ETF Creation/Redemption Mechanism? would be a source on this though I imagine there are others. Now, in the case of VXX, there is something to be said for how much trading is being done and what impact this can have. From a July 8, 2013 Yahoo Finance article: At big option trade in the iPath S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Note   is looking for another jump in volatility.  More than 250,000 VXX options have already traded, twice its daily   average over the last month. optionMONSTER systems show that a trader   bought 13,298 August 26 calls for the ask price of $0.24 in volume   that was 6 times the strike's previous open interest, clearly   indicating new activity. Now the total returns of the ETF are a combination of changes in share price plus what happens with the distributions which could be held as cash or reinvested to purchase more shares."
Well there is certainly a debate to be had about the effect of unions, free riders, and laws forcing unions to cover nonmembers.   But the question at hand is a legal one. Can the employee be forced to pay dues to a union as a condition of employment?
"First piece of advice: fire your agent.   A pushy agent is a bad agent.  From what you've told us, he's actually given you poor advice regarding mortgage interest rates.  Rates are already at historic lows.  That and the precarious state of the world economy mean that further rate cuts are more likely in the near term. Second piece of advice: While more information on the real estate market you're in would help,  going in at asking price is rarely a good idea.   Sale prices from ""the last few years"" are not relevant to what you should pay, because the last few years include a financial crisis caused in large part by the bursting of a housing bubble.  They could be even less relevant depending on your location because of a spike in foreclosures in certain areas of the U.S.  There was already a ton of housing inventory before, so an increase due to foreclosures is going to depress prices further.  Now that banks are finally practicing the due diligence they should have been all along, your ability to be pre-approved for large mortgage amount puts you in a strong position.   Use a tool like Zillow or Redfin to see what properties in that area have sold for over the past six months.  You should also be able to see a history of what prices the particular property you're interested in has been offered and/or sold at in the past.  Also check and see how long the particular property you're interested in has been on the market.  If it's been on the market more than 60-90 days, it's priced too high."
This is what they're talking about. (Edit, sorry. Yeah, that's an anti cancer treatment, nasty side effects too)  ALEMTUZUMAB or MabCampath (Sanofi-Aventis) Prescription only medicine.  Anti-lymphocyte monoclonal antibody.  Concentrate for intravenous infusion, alemtuzumab 30 mg/mL, net price 1-mL vial = £264.11  Indications see notes below  Cautions see notes below—for full details consult product literature  Contra-indications for full details consult product literature  Pregnancy avoid; use effective contraception during and for 6 months after treatment in men or women  Breast-feeding avoid breast-feeding during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after administration  Side-effects see notes below—for full details (including monitoring and management of side-effects) consult product literature  Dose Consult product literature    Rituximab causes lysis of B lymphocytes. It is licensed for the treatment of chemotherapy-resistant or relapsed stage III–IV follicular non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and, in combination with other chemotherapy, for previously untreated stage III–IV follicular lymphoma, and for previously untreated or relapsed chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (see NICE guidance below). Rituximab is also licensed for maintenance therapy in patients with follicular non-Hodgkin's lymphoma that has responded to induction therapy (see NICE guidance below). It is also licensed for use in combination with other chemotherapy for the treatment of diffuse large B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (see NICE guidance below). Full resuscitation facilities should be at hand and as with other cytotoxics, treatment should be undertaken under the close supervision of a specialist. See section 10.1.3 for the role of rituximab in rheumatoid arthritis.  Rituximab should be used with caution in patients receiving cardiotoxic chemotherapy or with a history of cardiovascular disease because exacerbation of angina, arrhythmia, and heart failure have been reported. Transient hypotension occurs frequently during infusion and antihypertensives may need to be withheld for 12 hours before infusion. Progressive multifocal leucoencephalopathy (which is usually fatal or causes severe disability) has been reported in association with rituximab; patients should be monitored for cognitive, neurological, or psychiatric signs and symptoms. If progressive multifocal leucoencephalopathy is suspected, suspend treatment until it has been excluded.  Infusion-related side-effects (including cytokine release syndrome) are reported commonly with anti-lymphocyte monoclonal antibodies and occur predominantly during the first infusion; they include fever and chills, nausea and vomiting, allergic reactions (such as rash, pruritus, angioedema, bronchospasm and dyspnoea), flushing and tumour pain. Patients should be given paracetamol and an antihistamine before each dose of anti-lymphocyte monoclonal antibodies to reduce these effects. Premedication with a corticosteroid should also be considered. The infusion may have to be stopped temporarily and the infusion-related effects treated—consult product literature for appropriate management. Evidence of pulmonary infiltration and features of tumour lysis syndrome should be sought if infusion-related effects occur.  Fatalities following severe cytokine release syndrome (characterised by severe dyspnoea) and associated with features of tumour lysis syndrome have occurred after infusions of anti-lymphocyte monoclonal antibodies. Patients with a high tumour burden as well as those with pulmonary insufficiency or infiltration are at increased risk and should be monitored very closely (and a slower rate of infusion considered).
facebook game craze wanes? this had everything to do with the california online poker bill that zynga had been betting on so hard.  weird how it fell off a cliff starting monday and news on the bill came through mid day today....  ah yes, it must have just been the analyst downgrade though, nothing to see here
As mhoran_psprep and others have already said, it sounds like the sale is concluded and your son has no obligation to return the car or pay a dime more. The only case in which your son should consider returning the car is if it works in his favor--for example, if he is able to secure a similar bargain on a different car and the current dealer buys the current car back from your son at a loss. If the dealer wants to buy the car back, your son should first get them to agree to cover any fees already incurred by your son. After that, he should negotiate that the dealer split the remaining difference with him. Suppose the dealership gave a $3000 discount, and your son paid $1000 in title transfer, registration, and any other fees such as a cashier's check or tax, if applicable. The remaining difference is $2000. Your son should get half that.  In this scenario, the dealer only loses half as much money, and your son gains $1000 for his trouble.
ML is a brokerage firm. Tell them to sell. If you can't or don't know how to do it on-line - call them and do it over the phone. Your citizenship might come in effect when tax are withheld, you need to fill form W8-BEN if you haven't done so yet. If US taxes are withheld, you can file 1040NR to request refund, or get it credited against your local tax liabilities.
Short answer: yes, you can put up collateral for someone else's loan. The bank will be happy to take your money, give it to the other person, and return it to you on completion of the loan (keeping the interest the security makes on the money market and the interest they're charging the other person for themselves). If the above doesn't sound very appealing (you don't see any benefit from your investment, and can be left holding the bag if your friend defaults on their loan), it really isn't a great way to spend your money. However, as assistance to someone else, it provides several advantages over directly transferring the money:
"Yeah not anymore. Also I urge anybody who has been in their career for a while to try out an inflation calculator on the internet. It can be a bit eye opening.  I remember around 2002 when I was getting close to the end of school and talking to people ahead in my career. The figure ""80k"" was mentioned a lot for people who worked hard and stuck it out etc...  I was excited about that. It sounded magical and unatainable. I thought it would be cool to achieve that by my 30s.   80k is now like 112 (buying power conversion).     edit : BTW in my industry/career the 75-90 range is still talked about like the 80 was back then.  Though a lot of senior pros are easily 6 figures."
If you are looking for some novel food then it would mean that you are someone who loves to eat. So, if you want to experiment with your love for food then all you must do is check out what kind of options are available in this field.
"Ikke Kjøp en tech enhet bare som en ny versjon kommer ut, David Pogue sier.  Som ikke ønsker å spare [penger](https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2014/07/30/money-saving-tips-plentiful-small-changes-add/zilpKLd85FzLTFEM2v1N0J/story.html)? Du har sikkert hørt grunnleggende [pengebesparende råd](http://dymanassociatesinsurance.com/), slike som aldri kjøpe dyre produkter på impuls. Vent en dag eller to og mull det over.  Så er det gamle standby spissen: sette til side småpenger fra lommeboken eller lomme hver dag. Ved hastighet på 50 cent en dag, ville du ha en liten nødsituasjon fond på $182.50 i året. Men gjør liten changes kan legge opp, for  AARPS femte årlige '' 99 flotte måter å lagre,'' publisert denne måneden i AARP Bulletin, gir noen interessante tips fra eksperter på oppussing, [finans](https://www.facebook.com/dymanassociatesinsurance), mat og mer.  For å se alle 99 måter å lagre, gå til aarp.org og søk etter ""99 flotte måter å spare.""  Selv om du har hørt dem før, det er godt å bli minnet hvor lite innsats noen lagring tips ta.  Oppussing ekspert **Bob Vila**’s inkludere:  -Trekk ut det! '' Vampyr '' elektronikk bruker strøm selv når avslått. Et typisk hushold kan spare $100 i året med smart grenuttak, som kuttet elektrisitet til enheter i standby-modus.  -Installere en lav-flow showerhead. Du merke ikke engang forskjellen, Vila sier, fordi en lav-flow fixture reduserer volumet av vann, men påvirker ikke vanntrykket.  Yahoo Tech grunnleggeren **David Pogue** tilbyr disse tipsene:  -Lære når nye miniprogrammer kommer ut, slik at du ikke kjøper noe like før det er gjort foreldet. Generelt, en ny iPhone modell debuterer September, og en ny iPad hvert November. Nye kameraene kommer i februar og oktober, og alt annet er tidsbestemt til jul.  -Vurdere en forhåndsbetalt mobiltelefon. Du betale før du gjør samtaler, i stedet for etter at du har gjort dem.  -Snakk med langt unna familie bruker et program som Skype, som er tilgjengelig for smartphones, tabletter, og datamaskiner eller FaceTime, for Apple telefoner, tabletter og datamaskiner. Du chatte gratis over Internett.  **Jean Chatzky**, AARP finansielle ambassadør sier:  -Shoppe rundt for forsikring. Auto forsikringsselskaper har en taktikk kalt '' pris optimalisering.'' De heve bonuser basert ikke på din risikofaktor, men på hvor mye av en økning de tror du vil akseptere. Når det er på tide å fornye, be gjeldende selskapet å gjøre det bedre.  -Du kan få kreditt score gratis på creditkarma.com og credit.com.  -I hvilken alder bør du begynne å samle trygd? Det magiske tallet er 80. Hvis du er singel og du tror du vil leve forbi, vente til alder av 70 å begynne å samle, å få maksimalt utbytte. For par, så lenge du tror dere lever forbi 80, den høyere earner skal den vente så lenge som mulig.  Tips fra **Holly Phillips**, indremedisiner og medisinsk bidragsyter for CBS News:  -Bytt til generiske legemidler. Prisen er vanligvis nederst, samt copay.  -Ikke røyk. Sigarett røykerne betale mer for forsikring og krever mer medisiner og leger besøk. Sigarettrøyking koster USA til $333 milliarder årlig, inkludert minst $130 milliarder i helsevesenet koster.  -Spør om uavhengige anlegg for radiologiske tester. Å ha en MRI på et sykehus koster $1200, men den samme fremgangsmåten til uavhengige anlegg kostnader omtrent halvparten som.  -Dra nytte av velvære og fordelene. Mange arbeidsgivere tilbyr insentiver for deltakelse i trening og andre helse-programmer. Forsikringsselskapene kan tilby en betaling til de med gym medlemsskap.  -Ta medisiner regelmessig. Mange kostbare sykehusbesøk er for forhold (som astma eller høyt blodtrykk) drevet med medisiner til de forverret når pasientene hoppet doser.  Tips fra **Samantha Brown**, AARPS reise ambassadør:  -For billigere flyreiser, se til tidligste og seneste flyreiser av dagen.  -For helgen reise, opphold i [et forretningshotell](http://dymanassocins.livejournal.com/). Veien krigere er borte, og så er de høye prisene. Disse hotellene vil være i forretningsdistriktet, som ikke alltid den mest pulserende delen av byen. Men det er en liten avveining hvis du gett en god avtale.  -Unngå konvensjoner. Byer som Washington, Las Vegas og Orlando har beste hotellpriser når konvensjoner ikke i byen. Sjekk ut byens offisielle turisme nettsted under konvensjonen kalender til å oppdage den beste tiden for et besøk.  -Hode ski skianlegg i sommer og strand steder i slutten av August eller begynnelsen av September.  -Hvis hotellpriser skyhøye, er det ofte billigere alternativer. Vurdere å finne et rom på nettsteder som homeaway.com og airbnb.com; du betaler mindre og føler en lokal."
"You mean ""offshoring"" I heard this in the Presidential debate also, Every source I could find said that companies would get about 3/4 of the expense of offshoring written off. Meaning If it would cost me 100 dollars to move a factory to China after I payed taxes It would only cost me 25 dollars.  I was not 100 percent on the credibly of these sources so I would recommend doing your own research."
"Wait...what? Do you live in backwards land? They've let free market reign in healthcare that is why prices are through the roof. The healthcare industry is immune to antitrust, and negotiating with government programs. There is no such thing as ""preventing single payer programs......it only works if there is a SINGLE overriding singlepayer program (yes they wont pass it), anything else doesnt over come the problems of a fractured buying pool.  Things they legislate is ""No negotiating policy"" ....and no."
I quite like the Canadian Couch Potato which provides useful information targeted at investors in Canada. They specifically provide some model portfolios. Canadian Couch Potato generally suggests investing in indexed ETFs or mutual funds made up of four components. One ETF or mutual fund tracking Canadian bonds, another tracking Canadian stocks, a third tracking US stocks, and a fourth tracking international stocks. I personally add a REIT ETF (BMO Equal Weight REITs Index ETF, ZRE), but that may complicate things too much for your liking. Canadian Couch Potato specifically recommends the Tangerine Streetwise Portfolio if you are looking for something particularly easy, though the Management Expense Ratio is rather high for my liking. Anyway, the website provides specific suggestions, whether you are looking for a single mutual fund, multiple mutual funds, or prefer ETFs. From personal experience, Tangerine's offerings are very, very simple and far cheaper than the 2.5% you are quoting. I currently use TD's e-series funds and spend only a few minutes a year rebalancing. There are a number of good ETFs available if you want to lower your overhead further, though Canadians don't get quite the deals available in the U.S. Still, you shouldn't be paying anything remotely close to 2.5%. Also, beware of tax implications; the website has several articles that cover these in detail.
IMHO you are in no position to buy a home.  If it was me, I'd payoff the student loans, pay off the car, get those credit card balances to zero (and keep them there), and save up at least 10K (as an emergency fund) before even considering buying a home.   Right now you have no wiggle room.  A relatively minor issue with a purchased home can send you right back into trouble financially.  You may be eager to buy, but your finances say different.   Take some time to get your finances on track then think about buying. You can make a really good long term financial decision with no risk:  pay off those credit cards and keep them paid off.  That is a much smarter decision then buying a home at this point in your life.
The US is giving up on Russia and forfeiting the place to China.  Obama's trying to make it sound like no big deal.  Good businessmen won't let politics get in the way.  Various European nations, like Switzerland and the Czech Republic are not going along with the herd and others will predictably drop out.
voip calls Hello dear, i have good quality Mobile and pc dialer.We have Nine Canadian &amp; UK dialer with highest voice. you can use all dialer in same account. if you like good quality service, please contact with us. Looking for Reseller. India mobile——–2200 mins Bangladesh Mobile–700/750/1200/1350mins Pakistan Mobile—- 1500 mins Price=29$/107AED/ 11.1348 Omr/ 109 SAR/1380 Rupee/2100 taka If you don’t like that packages then We will create card as your demand. Or we will give to you reseller panel then you can create card as you like.   Thanks and Regards Masum salestalkdialer@gmail.com mobiledialer788@yahoo.com Mobile: 08801711062213
"&gt; First off, that isn't today's version of socialism or anything like it. Today's version of socialism is democratic socialism as seen in Scandinavia to great affect.  The idea that people have to give up the fruits of their labor to serve the ""greater good""? Just because people vote for it to happen doesn't mean it's not socialism. I can't say I'm a huge fan of the idea that I'll have more of my money taken based on voting patterns of the general public.   The reason Scandinavia is doing so well is because of the free market systems they had before they went socialist (didn't work so hot for Venezuela), as well as their culture. There's a reason Denmark made a point to tell Bernie that they're not socialist. It's not sustainable. I'll use a source that is biased the other direction, since you seem to have a pretty hard reaction against anything right leaning.  http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/michel-kellygagnon/denmark-not-socialist_b_9011652.html  &gt; Secondly, you may not read 4chan or fox but that phrase is being repeated ad nauseam on both sites as a way to push the narrative away from the racist hate that happened. Which means you're doing exactly what they want and becoming their parrot.  Again, just because bad people say something, doesn't make it incorrect.  Just as an aside, are you aware of the banning that happens in order to stifle dissent in the main subreddits? I'm not talking about the racist shitposters (and I'm definitely not denying that they exist, they do and should be downvoted accordingly), but there have been many instances of people being banned, which causes moderate conservatives (for what it's worth, I'm not a conservative) to avoid those subreddits in general. This has a snowball effect that keeps diversity of thought from existing in those places and makes it seem like everyone is on board with certain ideas. Then, when the larger society behaves differently, people are blindsided and scrambling for answers (usually the culprit will be decided as a mix of ""southerners"", ""morons/uneducated"", and ""bigots""). I've experienced that more than once when I used to push for democratic socialism."
Anyone here who is upset by this or disagrees with Marc's comments please name a country that's majority black and half as prosperous. A country that doesn't have extreme poverty or violence. It's rude to say these things out loud, I know, but it's stupid and hypocritical to not at least accept facts in your mind. ps - I'm not white.    here is the father of genetics. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/fury-at-dna-pioneers-theory-africans-are-less-intelligent-than-westerners-394898.html
You shouldn't. The Dow has gained 7% annually on average since October 1915(inflation-adjusted). It has also lost 73% of its inflation-adjusted value from 1966 to 1982 meaning that it would have lost you 4.5% annually for 16 years. Furthermore, past performance is not indicative of future results. If stock markets keep performing like they have for the past 100 years, you can expect there will be a point within the next 60-or-so years your stocks will be higher in value than they were when you bought them. With funds you are paying the people managing them which means you are guaranteed to have pyramiding losses that your gains will have to offset. In your case, you are betting with no fundamental knowledge that S&P will be higher than now whenever you need the money which is not even supported by the above assumption. Dollar averaging just means you will be placing many bets which will reduce your expected losses(and your expected gains) when compared to just buying $100K worth of S&P right now. Whatever you invest in, and whatever your time-frame, don't gamble. If you can't say this company(ies) will be $X more valuable than now in X months with probability > Y, then you shouldn't be investing in it. Nobody ever made money by losing money. There are also safer investments than the stock market, like treasury bonds, even if the returns are lousy.
As a programmer*, I expect the ATM and counter receipts to have an error and look hard for it.  If I don't find the error I usually cram it in my pocket which is the same as throwing it away. I should keep them, but I also look at my online balances for almost all of my accounts several times a week so I (perhaps foolishly) don't worry about paper receipts too much. *Maybe I should be a tester.
You cannot trade in pre-IPO shares of companies like Facebook without being an accredited investor. If a website or company doesn't mention that requirement, they are a scam. A legitimate market for private shares is SecondMarket.
"He sounds like a very bad salesman and I should know, because I was a sales manager at a bike shop which sold bikes from $200 to $10k. Now I had a clear goal, which is to sell as many bikes at the highest price possible, but I didn't do that by making customers uncomfortable. Each customer received different treatment depending on what they were looking for.  For example, the $200 beach cruiser buyer was going to be told ""You look great on that bike... can I ring you up?"", whereas the racer interested in saving grams will receive a detailed discussion about his bike options.  The $200 bike customer won't have very sophisticated questions (although I could give a lecture on cruisers), so giving out too much info complicates a likely quick impulse buy.  On the other hand, we are building a relationship with the racer which will include detailed fitting sessions and time-consuming mechanical service.  While I also want to close a high priced sale, it will take several visits to prove both I have the right bike and this is the best shop. But no matter what you were buying, I was always pleasant and unhurried, and my customers left happy.   Specifically with this situation of high pressure tactics, the problem is the competition with internet sales.  Often customers will have only 2 criteria, the model and the price, and if a shop does not meet both, the customer walks right out.   Possibly this sales guy is a bit cynical with his tactics, but the reality is that if you have no relationship with that shop, you fall into the category of internet buyer.  One thing the sales guy could have done was not tell you we wasn't going to honor this price if you came back.  Occasionally there would be an internet buyer, and I showed no unpleasantness even though internet sellers could crush our brick and mortar shop.  I would mention a competitive price and if he bought it, great, and if not, that's just business.   As for the buyer, I would treat these tactics with a certain detachment.  I would personally chuckle at his treatment and ask if I could kick the tires, an user car saying.   I suppose the bottom line is if you are ready to buy this specific model, and if the price is right (and the shop is ethical so you won't get ripped off with garbage), then you have to be ready to buy on the spot. I will point out one horrible experience I had at a car dealership.  I came in 15 minutes before closing and a sales person gave me a price almost a third cheaper than list.  I wasn't ready to buy on my first visit ever to a dealership and of course, buying a car has all kinds of hidden fees.  I asked will this be the price tomorrow, and he said absolutely not.  I told him, ""so if I come in tomorrow morning, your dealer clock has only gone 15 minutes"" but that logic did not register with him.   Maybe he thought I was going to spend 15k on the spot and pressure tactics would work on me.  I never came back, but I did go another dealership and bought a car after a reasonable negotiation."
I think a simplified version of what you are asking is how much benefit you will receive from lower mortgage payments on your future $400k (roughly) home loan by having a higher credit score than now, and whether taking a car loan now will increase that benefit more than the value of the car loan. Since you already know the cost to you of the car loan, the other two thing you need to know in order to answer that question are: 1- the amount of increase a car loan gives your credit score, and 2- how much lower your mortgage interest rate will be with a higher credit score. Answering #1 seems like fuzzy credit magic to me that someone else may be able to answer, but #2 should be easy to determine by talking to a mortgage broker to see what rate you can get with your current credit score, and finding out how much higher it needs to be in order to get a better rate. Then you can take the difference in mortgage payments between the two rates and compare that to your car loan value.
Technical Analysis assumes that the only relevant number(s) regarding a security is (are) price (and price momentum, price patterns, price harmonics, price trends, price aberrations, etc.). Technical is all based on price. Technical is not based on any of the fundamentals.  Technical Analysis is for traders (speculators) not for long term investors. A long term investor is more concerned with the dividend payment history and such similar data as he makes his money from the dividend payments not from the changes in price (because he buys and holds, not buy low sell high).
How do you find good quality dividend stocks? That is an easy one. Past performance has always been my key to this answer. also remember why you are investing in the first place. Do you want cash flow, security or capital growth. Also let's not forget... how much time do you want to devote to this venture. There is going to be a balance in your investing and your returns. More time in... the higher returns you get.  As for finding good dividend stocks, look to the Dividend Aristocrats or the Dividend Contenders. These companies have consistently increased their payouts to their investors for years. There is a trading strategy that could escalate your returns. Dividend Capturing, simply put... You buy the stock before the ex-date and sell after date of record. Thus collecting a dividend and moving on to the next one. Warning: though this is a profitable strategy, it only works with certain stocks so do your research or find a good source.
"&gt;Correct me if I'm wrong,   You're wrong.  &gt;but weren't taxes much higher from the 50's through the 70's?  Only on the high end of the scale (the TOP tax rate was higher).   But for lower and middle income people, taxes were tremendously LOWER in those decades, and became significantly higher, to wit:  * [FICA increased from the original 1% in circa 1937-49, to over 15% in 1990](http://www.ssa.gov/oact/progdata/taxRates.html) -- and that is taken right out your GROSS paycheck, no deductions, etc.  * Things like State Sales Taxes (which are known to be heavily regressive) were either non-existent or minimal (at say 1% and often more of a ""luxury"" tax) prior to the 1960's; and they have been steadily increasing since then.  * Many other taxes (property, excise, tobacco &amp; other ""sin"" taxes, etc) have increased (some many-fold) -- and virtually ALL of them are regressive in nature (being made more regressive with every increase).  But probably the most egregious thing... is that the public has been successfully indoctrinated into believing the EXACT opposite of what really happened (and *both* political parties are to blame)."
Like for example I use transferwise to send $x to my dad's account in India, would it show my name as the depositor ? That would depend from bank to bank, it may or may not show your name. Would it be considered as income for my dad ? Assuming your parents are Indian Residents for tax purposes. No. It would be considered as Gift. Gifts between father and son are tax free in India and there is no limit. Any special care/precaution to take before using such services ? Not really. Just to be safe, keep a copy of the transfer instruction / details of debit to you account etc, so that if there is enquiry you have all the data handy. Edit: Clarifying the comment, if you are Resident Alien in US for tax purposes, you would be liable to Gift Tax [Not your parents as they are Indian Residents and would follow Indian tax rules]. As per IRS the liability of Gift tax is on Donor subject to limit of $14000 per year per Donee. So you and your wife can gift your father and mother $14000 each. i.e. $56000 each year. Anything more will be taxable or can be reduced from the overall estate limit.
There are a lot of outside considerations for why the grocery would be failing.  What's her location relative to housing? Big chain stores? Small business competition?  Location can make or break a brick and mortar business.  (Do you mind pming a link to the site? There could be ways of increasing online sales.)
If you have your long positions established and are investing responsibly (assuming you know the risks and can accept them), the next step IMO is typically learning hedging - using options or option strategies to solidify positions. Collars (zero cost) and put options are a good place to start your education and they can be put to use to both speculate (what you are effectively doing with short-position trading) or long-term oriented edging. Day trading equites can be lucrative but it is a difficult game to play - learning options (while more complex on speculation) can provide opportunities to solidify positions. Options trading is difficult grounds. I just think the payoff long term to knowing options is much greater than day-trading tactics (because of versatility)
I've read a study about this. If you have twice the generation capacity in renewables (wind/solar) and can store 20% of your yearly consumption, then you are fine.  So let's calculate this for the average americal household (4500kWh/year):  * You need to be able to generate 9000kWh/year, this requires a 6kW solar installation (Arizona), estimated at $ 15'000. * You need to de able to store 1000kWh, this requires 70 Tesla powerwalls for $6000 each, grand total of $ 420'000.  So even here, storage will kill you financially.  References:  * Study: http://euanmearns.com/the-quest-for-100-renewables-can-curtailment-replace-storage/ * Average US household consumption: http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Energy/Electricity/Consumption-by-households-per-capita#2005 * Arizona solar example: https://solarpowerrocks.com/buying-solar/how-to-calculate-the-amount-of-kilowatt-hours-kwh-your-solar-panel-system-will-produce/
"Some 401k plans allow you to make ""supplemental post-tax contributions"". basically, once you hit the pre-tax contribution limit (17.5k$ in 2014), you are then allowed to contribute funds on a post-tax basis. Because of this timing, they are sometimes called ""spillover"" contributions. Usually, this option is advertised as a way of continuing to get company match even if you accidentally hit the pre-tax limit.  But if you actually pay attention to your finances, it is instead a handy way to put away additional tax-advantaged money.  That said, you would only want to use this option if you already maxed out your pre-tax and Roth options since you don't get the traditional tax break on contributions or the Roth tax break on the earnings. However, when you leave the company, you can transfer the post-tax money directly into a Roth IRA when you transfer the pre-tax money, match, and earnings into a traditional IRA."
A company is basically divided into shit the company owns (assets) and shit the company owes to people (liabilities). So what about ownership? Ownership is called equity and on a simplistic level equity = asset - liabilities. But a better view of that should be asset = liabilities + equity. Which means a company's assets  is separated into things owned by debtors (e.g. Banks) and things owned by owners(founders and you). So when you are offered one percent, you are basically owning one percent of the company.   Not the best explanation, but should be a simplified one.   Here's where the options come in. When you are offered options. That means you have the option of redeeming the shares at a lower price than market. However these options are not usually immediately redeemable, there's usually a minimum amount of time you have to work at a company to be able to use these options. This period is called the vesting period.
To be fair the scarcity isn't artificial, the demand far outweighs the supply of tickets available when you're talking about big artists. They just sell at a lower rate than the demand would otherwise command so lower income fans of an artist still have a chance to see them.   Still think it's bullshit.
If it is more convenient for you - sure, go ahead and create another account. Generally, when you give someone a check - the money is no longer yours. So according to the constructive receipt doctrine, you've paid, whether the check was cashed or not. The QB is reflecting the correct matter of things. It doesn't matter that you're cash-based, the money still laying on your account because you gave someone a check that hasn't been cashed - is not your money and shouldn't be reflected in your books as such.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-09-01/america-s-superstar-companies-are-a-drag-on-growth) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Anyway, as a result of this increased market power, the big superstar companies have been raising their prices and cutting their wages.  &gt; In the past few years, researchers have found that industrial concentration - measured by the market share of the four biggest companies in an industry - has indeed been increasing in most parts of the U.S. economy.  &gt; Basic theory suggests that when top companies get more market power, they invest less in their businesses as they restrict output and raise prices.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6xtfdw/americas_superstar_companies_are_a_drag_on_growth/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~203487 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **company**^#1 **more**^#2 **paper**^#3 **market**^#4 **increased**^#5"
I think the first step is to contact Carnival Investor Relations. They can give you information about what attempts they have made to pay dividends since the address has changed. There may be some hoops that you have to jump through to get the funds, but the simple answer is to call them and find out.
One possibility to consider would be making an arrangement with a registered UK charity where you would donate the necessary amount for the specific purpose of covering medical costs of that particular person. Charitable donations are expressly deductible from business profits.     Some charities may be genuinely interested in helping people from developing countries get quality medical help that's not available in those countries. There may be some organizations in the proposed beneficiary's country that have contacts among the UK charities. PS. I am not a lawyer or an accountant, nor do I claim to be either. The above is not a legal or accounting advice. Consider seeking professional assistance.
Under no circumstances can a contract between A and B be binding on C unless C (guest) is also party to the contract. Nor would a contract be upheld if it required B to exercise control they cannot reasonably be expected to have over C.  Cue lawsuit from angry brides.
There is indeed a market for single stock futures, and they have been trading on the OneChicago exchange since 2002. Futures are available in 12,509 individual stocks, according to the exchange's current product listing. One advantage they offer over trading the underlying stock is the significantly higher leverage that is available, combined with the lack of pattern day trader rules that apply to stocks and similar securities. Single stock futures have proven to be something of a regulatory challenge as it has been unclear whether their oversight is the remit of the SEC/FINRA or the CFTC/NFA.
&gt; I'm a pleb and had healthcare before the Obamacare disaster.  I'll bet that your company realized they could provide insurance cheaper if their employees used the exchanges.  So they dropped their business plan and paid you additional money to buy your own through the ACA.  You refused, pocketed the extra money, and now claim the ACA took your insurance.
"I'm not the same guy who you were replying to. I don't know why you're being so defensive. I just recognized you from the other thread, saw this, and thought I'd ask as that wouldn't be my expectation. I don't work in wealth management, so I was hoping to learn something new. I know people in WM with nothing near a physics degree, which is why I question the ""B could not have occurred"" statement."
"Your bank will undoubtedly charge you a fee for the ""chargeback"" and so while you will get your money back faster, you will likely end up with less than you would if you were not so impatient and just waited a few days for the refund to show up. I suppose it depends on whether you consider this a downside or not."
I agree with all of the answers, but knowing the amount of money saved will give new ideas to use this money to help develope new concepts that will help humanity.
I owned a restaurant for over 5 years. Sales tax was only collected on POST discount price, though every state that collects sales tax may have different laws regarding collection. For example, when a customer used a gift certificate, that did NOT reduce the amount that tax was collected on. Why? Because the restaurant at some point or another collected the full amount of the bill.
Interesting piece about Philippine, but there's still work to be done, especially from the state. As the [FT pointed out last week](http://blogs.ft.com/beyond-brics/2012/10/24/the-philippines-ready-for-business/#axzz2Aczv0yBy), one need 36 days to start a business and 16 different steps. That's 32 more days than in Indonesia and 13 more steps than in Malaysia. Considering the lack of resources, such a brake on entrepreneurship isn't really what Philippine needs.
"He's simply stating his profession. It's like an article saying ""Investment banker Bob Snyder allegedly scammed millions!"" (fake name)  Yeah, Mr. Snyder *probably* wouldn't go by, ""Investment Banker Bob Snyder"". It just helps for the readers who have not heard of Mr. Snyder/Skrillex."
"Old question, but in the comments of the accepted answer, I believe Nate Eldredge is correct and littleadv is incorrect. Nate copied the actual quote from the IRS guidelines, quoted below: An expense is ordinary if it is common and accepted in your trade, business, or profession. An expense is necessary if it is appropriate and helpful to your business. An expense doesn't have to be required to be considered necessary. Noise cancelling headphones certainly count as ""appropriate and helpful to your business"" in the software industry, especially with the trend of open office layouts. And because of the ubiquitous distractions inherent in the aforementioned office space, noise cancelling headphones are becoming quite ""common and accepted"" for use by developers.  I'd be more hesitant about the keyboard and monitor, as presumably the employer is providing those already. As using your own could be said to just be a personal preference over those provided, the argument that providing your own version is ""appropriate and helpful"" is a little more shaky.  I am not a tax lawyer, so don't come after me if you get audited, but my guess from reading the actual IRS guidelines is noise cancelling headphones: probably, keyboard and monitor: maybe."
I am guessing that you don't understand that even a 100% tax bracket doesn't actually equal you paying 100% of your profits in taxes. This is why the use, while having a 35%messaging corporate tax rate, only sees less than 20% in an average effective corporate tax rate... In the same vein, if a company paid taxes on what profits were created within a countries borders, that would be a fairly accurate method of calculating every country's fair percent of revenue from that company and the amount of infrastructure that were utilized by that company within that country's borders.  And it still wouldn't add up to anywhere near 100% of that company's net profits...
I have fairly simple tax returns and my experience was that TurboTax software produced roughly the same result as human accountant and costs much less. The accountant was never able to find any deductions that the program couldn't find.  Of course, if you have business, etc. you probably need an accountant to help you navigate all the rules, requirements, etc. But for simple enough cases I found that the additional pay is not justified.
"There are only two things you can directly do with the money in an Amazon gift card: you can keep the gift card, or you can put the money into your Amazon account.  There aren't any other options.  You can't deposit the value into a bank account or anything like that.  So, as far as safety, those are the only options you need to consider, because there's nothing else you can do. (Okay, there is one other thing you can do: you could sell the card to someone else, or barter it for something you want.  But you can do that with anything.) The ""gift card"" is basicaly just a string of numbers and letters that you put into your Amazon account and it credits you with the appropriate amount of money.  So yes, it can be stolen.  If you haven't redeemed it yet, someone could find the code by hacking your email or looking over your shoulder or whatever.  If they redeem it, you won't be able to do so. As for your edit: If I don't transfer the balance of the Amazon egift card to my Amazon account, can I transfer the balance to other accounts or use the card to buy other gift cards? If you don't transfer it to your account, you can transfer the balance to another account by giving the code to someone else and letting them deposit it in their account.  You still won't be able to buy other gift cards with it, because you can't buy anything with it until it's deposited in an Amazon account, and once it's deposited in an Amazon account, you can't buy gift cards with it because of their policy. If you don't want the restrictions imposed by Amazon, don't buy Amazon gift cards; instead, just use your actual money to buy things.  If you're worried about the cards being stolen, just deposit them into your account right away and you eliminate the risk of them being stolen.  If, as you say, you bought the cards for yourself, there's no reason not to do this; presumably you bought them so you could buy things on Amazon, and you'll have to deposit them into your account eventually anyway to do that, so just put them in right away. I don't know specifically how Walmart cards work, but I assume they're the same.  In general, anything called a ""gift card"" offered by a particular retailer works the same way: you can't do anything with it except buy products at that retailer. The only thing that really makes Amazon different is that the only way to use your card is to add the money to your Amazon account, because the only way to pay for things on Amazon is with an Amazon account.  There's no way to spend just some of the value; you have to deposit it all into your account.  With gift cards for retailers with physical locations, you can usually use the value up piecemeal, by actually going to a store and spending just enough to buy something.  (I assume Walmart works this way, although I don't know if you can use an e-gift card this way there.)"
The laws about this changed in 2010 with the new Overdraft Protection Law HR 1261.  § 140B. (c) Consumer consent opt-In.—A depository institution may   charge overdraft coverage fees with respect to the use of an automatic   teller machine or point of sale transaction only if the consumer has   consented in writing, in electronic form, or in such other form as is   permitted under regulations of the Bureau. Now when you sign up for a bank account you have to opt in to overdraft coverage (the bank transfers funds from other accounts to cover overdrafts), or overdraft protection (the bank simply bounces NSF checks).  I'm pretty sure you could always set this option on your account, but banks were defaulting everyone's account that didn't think to ask such that overdrafts got paid and incurred fees. The law now prohibits them from using that as the default option.
1) get good grades  2) get into top school  3) continue getting good grades  4) get an interview and kill it  5) enjoy the fruits of your success with copious amounts of drinking to deal with the hours  Done, and I don't even need to be a banker to tell you this
You know what? I'd love it if I could work a part-time job, but make the same salary (scaled down to the number of hours, obviously).  I spend entirely too much time away from the things I'd rather be doing (family, hobbies, relaxing) in my 40 hour hell-hole. I'd much rather take a reasonable cut and work less.  Basically, I don't need to get rich, but if I can live off of a reduced salary *and* work fewer hours I'd be a very happy man.  Now... working part time and not earning enough to survive- that's not acceptable at all. I'd be willing to bet the vast majority of part-time jobs are this way.
I've been to one in Seattle. It's pretty much my favorite bookstore. Because they don't need to worry about inventory or profitability, they display all the books forwards, so you can see each book's front as you browse, rather than just the spine. And they have little review snippets under most of them. It's a great browsing experience. Of course, in the middle of the store there's a bunch of confused employees who think they're an Apple Store, but no bookstore is perfect. And getting all the books for Amazon's price is a big plus.
A Yen is like a penny.  Buy a chocolate bar 100¥ or £1.00.  Should the UK get rid of pennies and only price things to the pound?
"Interesting; England went ""chip &amp; PIN"" years ago and Australia went ""chip &amp; PIN"" today but I've never heard of EMV. I had to look it up to know what it was.  The point of the switch is to reduce fraudulent transactions. The chip can't be copied as easily as the strip.  That's all I know. Rally I just replied because I had not heard of EMV."
Dividends would be a possible factor you are ignoring.  If Dell has another quarter or two to pay out dividends that could account for some of the difference there. I don't think there is a confirmed date of when the deal is done yet other than around the end of Dell's second quarter which was in the LA Times link you cited. There is also the potential for the terms of the deal to be revised that is another possibility here.  Have you examined other deals where a public company went private to see how the stock performed in the last few months before the deal closed?
"It depends on the bank. According to the Uniform Commercial Code, a bank is not obliged to pay a cheque after six months, but may do so if it wants to. § 4-404.  BANK NOT OBLIGED TO PAY CHECK MORE THAN SIX MONTHS OLD. A bank is under no obligation to a customer having a checking account to pay a check, other than a certified check, which is presented more than six months after its date, but it may charge its customer's account for a payment made thereafter in good faith. Official link to UCC 4-404 As for your second question, if you stamp ""void after 60 days"" on your cheque; I don't have a specific answer for that part (yet). Update: I can find no specific rules about someone putting an arbitrary ""void after xxx days"" on their personal check. Businesess are alllowed to, but again the overriding rule seems to be that after six months it's the bank's choice, and you certainly couldn't make a cheque expire before six months, so I don't think that putting a stamp would make any difference. It's still up to the bank in the end."
(Note: I am omitting the currency units.  While I strongly suspect it's US$ I don't know from the chart.  The system works the same no matter what the currency.) A call or a put is the right to sell (put) or buy (call) shares at a certain price on a certain day. This is why you see a whole range of prices.  Not all possible stock values are represented, the number of possibilities has to be kept reasonable.  In this case the choices are even units, for an expensive stock they may be spaced even farther apart than this. The top of the chart says it's for June.  It's actually the third Friday in the month, June 15th in this case.  Thus these are bets on how the stock will move in the next 10 days. While the numbers are per share you can only trade options in lots of 100. The left side of the chart shows calls.  Suppose you sell a call at 19 (the top of the chart)  The last such trade would have gotten you a premium of 9.70 per share (the flip side of this is when the third friday rolls around it will most likely be exercised and they'll be paying you only 19 a share for a stock now trading at something over 26.)  Note the volume, bid and ask columns though--you're not going to get 9.70 for such a call as there is no buyer.  The most anybody is offering at present is 7.80 a share. Now, lets look farther down in the chart--say, a strike price of 30.  The last trade was only .10--people think it's very unlikely that FB will rise above 30 to make this option worthwhile and thus you get very little for being willing to sell at that price.  If FB stays at 26 the option will expire worthless and go away.  If it's up to 31 when the 15th rolls around they'll exercise the option, take your shares and pay you 30 for them.  Note that you already gave permission for the trade by selling the call, you can't back out later if it becomes a bad deal. Going over to the other side of the chart with the puts: Here the transaction goes the other way, come the 15th they have the option of selling you the shares for the strike price.  Lets look at the same values we did before.  19?  There's no trading, you can't do it. 30?  Here you will collect 3.20 for selling the put.  Come the 15th they have the right to sell you the stock for 30 a share.  If it's still 26 they're certainly going to do so, but if it's up to 31 it's worthless and you pocket the 3.20 Note that you will normally not be allowed to sell a call if you don't own the shares in question.  This is a safety measure as the risk in selling a call without the stock is infinite.  If the stock somehow zoomed up to 10,000 when the 15th rolls around you would have to come up with the shares and the only way you could get them is buy them on the open market--you would have to come up with a million dollars.  If there simply aren't enough shares available to cover the calls the result is catastrophic--whoever owns the shares simply gets to dictate terms to you.  (And in the days of old this sometimes happened.)
Thats because I'm a tax accountant. I handle things on the tax side. There are other accountants that handle books and financials. I hear how they handle certain things, but I don't know specifics. I've been in meetings, but it doesn't spell out each and every detail.   I've actually heard about that purchase. I think I read that on Reddit, but other than that, I have not heard of those cards.
The company will have to pay 20% tax on its profits. Doesn't matter how these profits are earned. Profits = Income minus all money you spend to get the income.  However, you can't just take the profits out of the company. The company can pay you a salary, on which income tax, national insurance, and employer's national insurance have to be paid at the usual rate. The company can pay you a dividend, on which tax has to be paid. And the company can pay money into the director's pension fund, which is tax free.  Since the amount of company revenue can be of interest, I'd be curious myself what the revenue of such a company would be. And if the company makes losses, I'm sure HMRC won't allow you to get any tax advantages from such losses.
Unfortunately, there is no facility to do bulk transaction edits in GnuCash, so you are out of luck for your existing hundred. (I don't know whether there is a way to initially import a transaction as split.) However, once you have entered this split once, it can be used as a template for new transactions, using autocomplete or by entering it in the Scheduled Transaction Editor.
While I can understand the reddit admins choice here, I wish they had come up with a better way to deal with it.  Even if those domains are 'cheating' it would be nice if the programmers came up with a better way to prevent cheating (as hard as it may be).
I think we are arguing the same side of the coin here from different perspectives.    Let me re-phrase what I'm saying here:  I'm arguing that wages should be higher; that business takes advantage of the social safety net to keep wages low, pushing the balance of what they should be paying off to the taxpayer.    I'm not arguing to get rid of the social safety net.  It's there for two reasons:  First, people who have no income (as per your argument).  Second, people who have *insufficient* income.  My argument is meant to address the latter.
Material Information means that any information that can reasonable affect the share price of the company [upward or downward] as looked by the investors. The idea is to provide a level playing field to all investors. Hence it forces people having material information not to trade when they have this information that is not yet disclosed. Yes it happens all the time and laws are quite stringent. There is monitoring of share activity by regulators ... hence most of the times the companies come out with their own guidelines and top & senior management is prohibited from trading in their own company’s shares for pretty much round the year except few windows the company decides is safe. Now it may not be possible to monitor every small material info, but any large spike of stocks after certain announcements is investigated by regulators to verify any undue gains. For ex a person who never trades suddenly buys large qty of shares and it goes up and he sells again ... etc
Credit cards are often more fool proof, against over-drawing. Consider Bill has solid cash flow, but most of their money is in his high interest savings account (earning interest) -- an account that doesn't have a card, but is accessible via online banking. Bill keeps enough in the debit (transactions) account for regular spending, much of which comes out automatically (E.g. rent, utilities), some of which he spends as needed eg shopping, lunch. On top of the day to day money Bill keeps an overhead amount, so if something happens he doesn't overdraw the account -- which would incur significant fees. Now oneday Bill sees that the giant flatscreen TV he has been saving for is on clearence sale -- half price!, and there is just one left. It costs more than he would normally spend in a week -- much more. But Bill knows that his pay should have just gone in, and his rent not yet come out. Plus the overhead he keep in the account . So there is money in his debit account. When he gets home he can open up online banking and transfer from his savings (After all the TV is what he was saving for) What Bill forgets is that there was a public holiday last week in the state where payroll is operated, and that his pay is going to go in a day late. So now he might have over drawn the account buying the TV, or maybe that was fine, but paying the rent over draws the account. Now he has a overdraft fee, probably on the order of $50. Most banks (at least where I am), will happily allow you to overdraw you account. Giving you a loan, at high interest and with an immediate overdraft fee. (They do this cos the fee is so high that they can tolerate the risk of the non-assessed loan.) Sometimes (if you ask) they don't let you do it with your own transcations (eg buying the TV), but they do let you do it on automated payements (eg the Rent). On the other hand banks will not let you over draw a credit card. They know exactly how much loan and risk they were going to take. If Bill had most of his transactions going on his credit card, then it would have just bounced at the cash register, and Bill would have remembered what was going on and then transferred the money. There are many ways you can accidentally overdraw your account. Particularly if it is a shared account.
What specific area in finance are you interested in pursuing? If you are looking to go back office then it will have some value. That said, I would focus on picking up a CFA over a CPA, since fairly or not, a CPA does carry a certain stigma with it in finance.
"I would be more than happy to find a good use for your money. ;-) Well, you have a bunch of money far in excess of your regular expenses. The standard things are usually: If you are very confused, it's probably worth spending some of your windfall to hire professional help. It beats you groping in the dark and possibly doing something stupid. But as you've seen, not all ""professionals"" are equal, and finding a good one is another can of worms. If you can find a good one, it's probably worth it. Even better would be for you to take the time and thoroughly educate yourself about investment (by reading books), and then make a knowledgeable decision. Being a casual investor (ie. not full time trader) you will likely arrive, like many do, at a portfolio that is mostly a mix of S&P ETFs and high grade (eg. govt and AAA corporate) bonds, with a small part (5% or so) in individual stock and other more complicated securities. A good financial advisor will likely recommend something similar (I've had good luck with the one at my credit union), and can guide you through the details and technicalities of it all. A word of caution: Since you remark about your car and house, be careful about upgrading your lifestyle. Business is good now and you can afford nicer things, but maybe next year it's not so good. What if you are by then too used to the high life to give it up, and end up under mountains of debt? Humans are naturally optimistic, but be wary of this tendency when making assumptions about what you will be able to afford in the future. That said, if you really have no idea, hey, take a nice vacation, get an art tutor for the kids, spend it (well, ideally not all of it) on something you won't regret. Investments are fickle, any asset can crash tomorrow and ruin your day. But often experiences are easier to judge, and less likely to lose value over time."
As a former Amazonian, I can tell you that employees are really, really encouraged to get patents. Doesn't matter what for, if your patent application is formally submitted, you get a clear plastic puzzle peace (i have one). If it actually becomes a patent, you get a blue one's  My point is, the fact that they're applying for a patent in X doesn't mean they want to do X, it means that some employee came up with the idea and submitted it to the IP folks who thought, maybe we can patent this thing.  Every company wants a war chest of patents they can use against companies suing them for patent infringement.
I like the way you framed this question.  There is no single right answer for what to do with your savings, but there are some choices that are wrong in the sense that they are dominated by other choices you could make.  Of the choices you listed, there are two that fall into that category.  The ones that seem like a bad idea to me are: Putting it into your Roth 401(k).  You can't do this directly anyhow, but you could do it indirectly by increasing your contributions and using the growth fund to cover the hole in your budget, but that's a lot of work for a relatively small gain.  You would essentially be exchanging one long-term investment for another long-term investment.  You would pay capital gains taxes on the investment when you sell it today, in order to not pay taxes on its earnings when you eventually withdraw it.  There is some benefit there, but it's a long way off, not that large, and probably not worth the effort.  Things that might change your mind:  If your 401(k) was a traditional 401(k) (paying tax at capital gains rate today to get a deduction at your normal income rate is likely to be a win).  You're not contributing enough to get the full company match (always try to get that match if you can). Putting it into your emergency fund.  Once again, you are likely to pay capital gains tax if you do this, and you will be putting it into an investment that is likely to get a lower return than your current one.  It isn't really necessary to incur these costs, since if you encounter an emergency that you can't cover with your existing emergency fund, you could always liquidate the growth fund then, when you know you need it.  Now, a growth fund is going to be more volatile than what you would normally want for an emergency fund, but the risk isn't that bad, if you think about it.  Say your emergency comes up and you find that the growth fund is down 20% (which would be a pretty horrible run).  That's $600 less that you have to deal with the situation.  Keep in mind that you already have $2000 (and building) in your current emergency fund.  Is that $600 going to make the difference between meeting the need and not?  It's not likely.  Better to leave the investment where it is and keep building your emergency fund week by week.  Things that might change your mind: Your level of risk aversion (if having that money in a more risky investment is keeping you up at night, move it).  You face significant job uncertainty (if you have reason to think your job is at risk, it might be a good idea to top off that emergency fund sooner rather than later.) Your other two choices both seem like solid options under the right circumstances.  If it were me, I'd leave the investment in place rather than use it to pay off the student loan.  The investment is likely (though of course not guaranteed) to earn more than the interest rate even on the highest-rate loan, especially when you consider that the interest on the student loan is probably tax deductible.  Moreover, the size of the investment isn't enough to fully repay the loan, so putting it toward the loan won't even improve your cash flow for some time to come.  However, there is always a chance that the investment will perform poorly and some people prefer the guaranteed return from paying off the loan.  It depends on your personal risk tolerance.  The one thing I would recommend is to think of putting the money toward the loan not as a debt repayment, but as a fixed-income investment with a yield equal to your loan's interest rate.  If you would still consider buying it then, then go ahead.  If not, then stick with what you've got.  In my experience people get way too emotional about debt; try to take that emotion out of your decision making if you can.
"In the words of David Einhorn, Flash Boys was ""based on a true story."" The way Lewis tells the story is extremely misleading, and you seem to have been suckered in.   HFT has reduced spreads to a small fraction of what they were 20 years ago, they are awesome for average people, who are retail traders. Lewis uses ""ordinary investors"" to mean guys like Einhorn, who do suffer from HFT because they make it hard to buy large blocks of stock without moving the price. But it is not a God-given right to buy stock without moving the price against yourself, and guys like Einhorn now understand how to trade given the current market structure."
They are thinking they'll do an hourly rate in the beginning until we get sales and can make sure it's profitable, and then switch to solely being paid the percentage of the business I would own.   If it was a salary AND 15-20% I'd be happy with that :)
If you can't sell it, refinance the bugger.  Even if you can knock the interest rate down to 8% and take out a 3-year loan, you'll save about $100 per month.  Or really kill the payment (but pay more interest) by taking out another 6-year.  A 6-year at 9% on $12k is only $215/month. My credit union routinely advertises specials on car loans.  It shouldn't be difficult to get out of the usurious loan you have now. As for others' advice about getting another job, having been a PhD student I hesiate to suggest that you get another one, because your job is probably your life right now.  But can your wife (or even you) start a blog on a subject that interests you?  A few posts a week add up over time, and pretty soon you have a real asset that can be another basket to put your eggs in.
"What an articulated and persuasive argument coming from you!  Seriously, just yes or no:   1. Do you think the ACA is good plan and a sustainable plan, yes or no?   2. Trump is pro National health care system, yes or no?   3. Is there a chance that Trump will fix the ACA to make it sustainable and better, yes or no?  And if ""yes"" to the 3 questions, why are you so against fixing the ACA?"
Probably because at this point they have an extremely limited use. I use my Amazon Echo to play music, set alarms/timers, and track my grocery list. Those are convenient, but I don't NEED one. The advertised function of asking a question doesn't work very well, and until you can interact with it as more of an AI device then people won't truly rely on them.
THANK YOU.   Millennials are moving away from cheaper sit down restaurants in favor of Chipotle, Panera type restaurants.   I get it. it is just changing tastes.  For millennials to say well just change everything you do, if not you are a moron, IS why others call them entitled.   It isn't easy changing the entire concept of 1200 restaurants.   Millennials are at fault as the millennials of the 20s were responsible for buggy whips dying.
I would certainly hope to make the transfer by wire - the prospect of   popping cross the border with several million dollars in the trunk   seems... ill fated. I suppose I'm asking what sort of taxes, duties,   fees, limits, &c. would apply Taxes - None. It is your money, and you can transfer it as you wish. You pay taxes on the income, not on the fact of having money. Reporting - yes, there's going to be reporting. You'll report the origin of the money, and whether all the applicable taxes have been paid. This is for the government to avoid money laundering. But you're going to pay all the taxes, so for transfer - you'll just need to report (and maybe, for such an amount, actually show the tax returns  to the bank). Fees - shop around. Fees differ, like any other product/service costs on the marketplace.
Manufacturer of Ramming mass in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-ramming-mass-in-india.php Shri Vinayak Industries-Our Ramming Mass product has features like corrosion &amp; wear resistance, better thermal stability, contains less binders, fire clay &amp; moisture in comparison with plastic refractory, Optimal bulk density, Free from sintering agent, longer shelf life, accurately processed, high purity, reasonably priced,  and durability. After that this ramming mass is delivered by us implementing precise quality control tests to the clients. Our product is usually available from ready stock.
"I don't think the article is totally useless. As a Westerner, I hear virtually nothing about companies bribing government officials. So the concept alone is interesting.  Also, they give hard numbers:  - ""Bribery offered an average return of 10-11 times the value of the bung paid out to win a contract."" - ""heads of state securing up to 4.7% of the contract value""  Since you know it all, why don't you write an article for us?"
I suppose it depends on the circumstances, but I wouldn't advise it. If you default on a loan to the bank it might ruin your credit, if you default to a family member it has the potential for much more damage in the form of fostering bad feelings and hurt the relationship.
Ever since my apartment complex started accepting rent payments online, I've almost never written a check.  I use my debit card for everything.  And I get paid by direct deposit.
The debt on Credit Cards is pretty high. Its in the range of 30-40% APR. There could also be a case very high personal loan for medical or other personal emergencies at a rate in excess of 15%. The debt consolidation would offer this at a very low APR There are institutions that offer debt consolidation services that would consolidate all your debt into a single loan at a lower rate of interest. They would also negotiate with all your lenders to waive charges and accrued interests to the max extent. The benefit to the institution offering this service is that they have a larger loan on books and hence the servicing cost is less. Most of the time the debt consolidation is offered with some asset as the guarantee for the new loan. By doing this the advantages are: Of course if you are looking for the balance transfer on cards to new one, then its same and in fact may at times be more expensive.
"I debated whether to put this in an answer or a comment, because I'm not sure that this can be answered usefully without a lot more information, which actually would then probably make it a candidate for closing as ""too localized"". At the very least we would need to know where (which jurisdiction) she is located in. So, speaking in a generic way, the options available as I see them are: Contact the mortgage companies and explain she can't continue to make payments. They will likely foreclose on the properties and if she still ends up owing money after that (if you are in the US this also depends on whether you are in a ""non-recourse"" state) then she could be declared bankrupt. This is rather the ""nuclear option"" and definitely not something to be undertaken lightly, but would at least wipe the slate clean and give her some degree of certainty about her situation. Look very carefully at the portfolio of properties and get some proper valuations done on them (depending on where she is located this may be free). Also do a careful analysis of the property sales and rental markets, to see whether property prices / rental rates are going up or down. Then decide on an individual basis whether each property is better kept or sold. You may be able to get discounts on fees if you sell multiple properties in one transaction. This option would require some cold hard analysis and decision making without letting yourselves get emotionally invested in the situation (difficult, I know). Depending on how long she has had the properties for and how she came to own them, it MIGHT be an option to pursue action against whoever advised her to acquire them. Clearly a large portfolio of decaying rental properties is not a suitable investment for a relatively elderly lady and if she only came by them relatively recently, on advice from an investment consultant or similar, you might have some redress there.  Another option: could she live in one of the properties herself to reduce costs? If she owns her own home as well then she could sell that, live in the one of the rentals and use the money saved to finance the sale of the other rentals. Aside from these thoughts, one final piece of advice: don't get your own finances tangled up in hers (so don't take out a mortgage against your own property, for example). Obviously if you have the leeway to help her out of your budget then that is great, but I would restrict that to doing things like paying for grocery shopping or whatever. If she is heading for bankruptcy or other financial difficulties, it won't help if you are entangled too."
Transparency. If I need materials to build a house or food from a restaurant, I can get up front pricing easily. With healthcare, you have to jump through flaming hoops to get an idea of what you're going to pay. Also, healthcare costs are very negotiable and consumers don't realize this. There aren't a lot of B2C businesses that accept bargaining and negotiation as a part of doing business, unlike B2B so the consumer assumes that the quoted price is the final price. You can always negotiate things with your healthcare (for example I negotiated my dental bill before agreeing the to service).
The first thing that I learned the hard way (by trying my hand at actual options trading) is that liquidity matters. So few people are interested in trading the same options that I am that it is easy to get stuck holding profitable contracts into expiration unless I offer to sell them for a lot less than they are worth.  I also learned that options are a kind of insurance,and no one makes money (in the long run) buying insurance.  So you can use options to hedge and thereby prevent losses, but you also blunt your gains.  Edit: IMO,options (in the long run) only make money for the brokers as you pay a commission both on the buy and on the sell. With my broker the commission on options is higher than the commission on stocks (or ETFs).
Since you have already paid tax to the Government of Uk, no tax will be levied on the money earned outside India. As per the Income tax act, any income received in India in all cases is taxable irrespective of the tax payer's residential status. A NRI after receiving income from outside India cannot be taxed as income because of remittance of such income to India.
I politely decline. Insurance is there to protect me against catastrophic financial loss (huge medical bills, owing a mortgage on a house that burned down, etc.) not a way to game the system and pay for routine expenses or repairs.
"The writer just failed elementary math. It doesn't make a shit bit of difference how many jobs were added if the ""official"" unemployment rate went up. Why the fuck would wages go up with less jobs available? This is econ 101. We're obviously still in a recession and yet we have endure this propaganda every month for years. Either the public is extremely stupid or they think we are. Take your pick."
MoneyStrands is a site very similar to Mint, but does not force you to link bank accounts. You can create manual accounts and use all features of the site without linking to banks.
&gt; pay a premium to the enthusiastically complicit exchanges for the privilege of scalping those that do not.  I'm assuming you're talking about colocation. Can you tell me how colos enable them to scalp participants without a colo? Give me a breakdown.
"There's a concept in retail called a ""loss leader"", and essentially it means that a store will sell an item intentionally at a loss as a way of bringing in business in the hope that while consumers are in the store taking advantage of the discounted item, they'll make other purchases to make up for the loss and generate an overall profit. Many times it only makes sense to carry items that enhance the value of something else the store sells.  Stores pay big money to study consumer behaviors and preferences in order to understand what items are natural fits for each other and the best ways to market them.   A good example of what you're talking about is the fact that many grocery stores carry private label products that sell for higher margins, and they'll stock them alongside the name brands that cost much more.  As a consequence (and since consumers often don't see a qualitative difference between store brands and name brands much of the time to rationalize spending more), the store's own brands sell better. I hope this helps. Good luck!"
Yes, but Americans know how to respond to my answer, the Indians just repeat what you said because they don't understand you.   I had to call Pfizer for information about a product this summer and the first call I got an Indian who had no fucking clue about what I was asking. Then I got a clear English speaking American when I called the next day who helped me rather quickly.
I think this is off topic, but here is a stab: So these are cashless.  It could be a way to smooth out the harsh reality of capitalism (I overproduced my product, I have more capacity than I can sell) and I can trade those good to other capitalists who similarly poorly planned production or capacity. Therefore the market for a system like is limited to businesses that do not plan well.  Business that plan production or capacity to levels they can already sell for cash do not need a private system to offload goods. Alternatives to such a system include: (I don't know how many businesses are really in this over production / over capacity state.  If my assumption that it isn't many is wrong, my answer is garbage.) This is a bartering system with a brokerage.  I think we have historically found that common currencies create more trade and economic activity because the value of the note in your pocket, which is the same type of note in my pocket, is common and understood.  Exchange rates typically slow down trade.  (There are many other reasons to have different currency or notes on a global sale, but the exchange certainly is a hurdle to clear.) This brokerage is essentially adding a new currency (in a grand metaphor).  And that new currency is only spendable on their brokerage, which is of limited use to society as a whole, assuming that society as a whole isn't a participating member of that brokerage. I can't really think of why this type of exchange is better than the current system we have now.  I wouldn't invest in this as a business, or invest in this as a person looking for opportunity.
I think you would be better asking about what things COULD increase in value. Even the given example (houses) are not certain to increase in value. In fact, one of the key causal factors of this recession IMHO is that no one realized that partly because there have been few recent housing busts, and also the illusory effect of inflation that made it seem like houses always increase in value.  I once heard it described that rich people tend to get richer because they spend more of their money on things that are more likely to hold their value or appreciate (houses, art, etc.) as opposed to poor people who spend the majority of their money on consumables like rent, utilities, food, cars, etc.
"That sounds great, and don't get me wrong, I'm having fun and learning a lot at this internship, I don't regret accepting the offer in the slightest. The thing is, I also wanted to improve my ""technical"" skills (if that makes sense) over the summer, and right now I'm wondering where exactly to start. You mentioned coding and excel, is there anything specific that I should know, or a good place to start? I know some basics of C++, HTML and CSS, and some excel stuff like Vlookups, but nothing beyond that really. Is there any specific language I should learn, for example? Or something more advanced in excel? If I'm not at work, I'm sitting at my PC at home, so I feel like I should be doing *something*."
And that vol., which you love so much, is the exact reason retail is leaving the market to begin with. If you're retirement savings is tied up in market that you don't trust anymore, and returns aren't what they used to be, why continue to participate? You'd be better off buying long-term bonds.  HFT complains that they can't make money as easily as they used to, but forgets that they, collectively, scared off many of the participants that were necessary to make that money!
There are two parts to this. Firstly, if you are also living in the property you have bought, then you should not consider it to be an investment. You need it to provide shelter, and the market value is irrelevant unless/until you decide to move. Of course, if your move is forced at a time not of your choosing then if the market value has dropped, you might lose out. No-one can accurately predict the housing market any more than they can predict interest rates on normal savings accounts, the movement of the stock market, etc.  Secondly, if you just have a lump sum and you want to invest it safely, the bank is one of the safest places to keep it. It is protected / underwritten by EU law (assuming you are in the EU) up to €100,000. See for example here which is about the UK and Brexit in particular but mentions the EU blanket protection. The other things you could do with it - buy property, gold, art works, stocks and shares, whatever thing you think will be least likely to lose value over time - would not be protected in the same way.
&gt;They're already on food stamps with one estimate that more than 3/4 of Walmart's employees receiving some sort of government assistance.  I doubt 75% of their workforce is on food stamps.  Walmart has increased their wages and increases their full time staff.  &gt;There are very few Walmarts in Minneapolis partially because that's where Target's offices are located.  So?  &gt;The most calls for police was to one of the WalMarts. This isn't just in Minneapolis. Across the nation law enforcement devotes significant resources to WalMart. Why pay for security when the police come for free?  Despite Walmart having its own security.  By the way your second link isn't exactly creditable to say the least.
Did you consider AppleCare? http://www.apple.com/support/products/iphone.html very iPhone comes with one year of hardware repair coverage through its limited warranty and up to 90 days of complimentary support. The AppleCare Protection Plan for iPhone extends your coverage to two years from the original purchase date of your iPhone. This was only a flat fee of $69 (or at least it was when we bought our iPhone 4 models) which seems much more reasonable, particularly if you're planning to keep your phone for a while. (and remember that iPhones magically turn into iPod Touches when you stop using them as phones, so their useful life is a bit longer than most typical smartphones)
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.eoionline.org/blog/x-marks-the-spot-where-inequality-took-root-dig-here/) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The third message is that workers&amp;#039; wages - accounting for inflation and all the lower prices from cheap imported goods - would be double what they are now, if workers still took their share of gains in productivity.  &gt; The New Deal policies reflected that national purpose, honoring a social safety net, increasing bargaining power for workers and bringing public interest into balance with corporate power.  &gt; In the mid-70&amp;#039;s, we traded in our post-World War II social contract for a new one, where &amp;quot;Greed is good.&amp;quot; In the new moral narrative I can succeed at your expense.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6wkljw/x_marks_the_spot_where_inequality_took_root/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~199874 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **work**^#1 **New**^#2 **social**^#3 **power**^#4 **period**^#5"
Vous souhaitez investir dans un immobilier mais vous préférez dialoguer directement avec le professionnel (agence immobilière, Cabinet en Gestion de Patrimoine…) ayant la compétence nécessaire pour satisfaire vos projets personnels. AJF FINANCE, acteur indépendant, se positionne à vos côtés et vous guide en se plaçant au cœur de votre projet d’investissement immobilier
Credit cards are a golden goose for banks, as they get to issue high-interest loans and simultaneously generate alot of fee income. Debit cards aren't quite as good, but they still generate substantial fee income -- ~2% of every credit/non-PIN debit transaction goes to the bank and credit card network. Credit histories exist because they are the most effective tool available to predict whether you will pay back your loans or not. You don't need a credit history to buy most things, you need a credit history to get a large loan. Think of it from perspective of a lender: Credit scoring is the bank's way screening out people who are expensive to do business with. It's objective, doesn't discriminate on the basis of race, sex or other factors, and you have recourse if the rating agencies have incorrect information.
"If you withdraw 401K then 10% penalty is applied. Also the amount you withdraw is considered as ""Income"" for that year. Whether you go back to India or Not, the amount is considered Income. Depending on the reason you state during withdraw, the Income tax (default @ 10%) might be ""withheld"" (Note: Sometime they may not withhold tax). If you are relocating to India, as per international tax rule (between India & US), when filing tax in India then you are supposed to show this as income (the 401K amount) and pay tax according to the total income including amount earned in India (could be upto 30%!!). If there was tax ""withheld"" in US, you can show it as International tax paid and pay the difference between 10% and your tax rate (upto 30%). If you are relocating to India, but still filing in US (it's possible) then 401K amount will be taxed at US tax rate (could be upto 35%).  In either case (filing in India or US) the amount ""Withheld"" can be shown as tax paid, but yet you will pay the tax difference (could be 20% or 25% more) as per the income for that year. You are not supposed to pay tax in two countries for the same year, as per regulations (might end up with Audit in both country). Hope it helps!"
Another reason for banks to push this is sitckyness.  Once you have all of your bills setup, its more trouble to change banks.  This reduces the customer turnover rate, which lowers their costs.
I'm sorry, I didn't realize you served. Congrats on getting your government to help you out with your degree.  As for me, I've deleted my comment and am answering with a throwaway because I don't want this to be tied to my persona in any way because of the following. Much like I didn't know shit about you, you don't know shit about me. I was born in a shithole country you've never heard of. My grandparents were collective farmers with barely a primary school education and my parents grew up on those farms and didn't go to college. My father was persecuted by the government and thrown in jail when I was four and stayed there until I was 10 – thankfully my mom and I managed to move to a Western country, where we lived on government subsistence and with no family within 3000km, because they're all (still) living in such shithole countries.   We came into money once he got released and I reached high school age and hence the what you qualify as lavish, jealousy-inducing lifestyle, but even then despite the expensive private school (which sends one kid to an ivy every two years), plushy vacations and nice clothes I had to hustle entirely by myself to get into good schools in the US. Nobody in my entire extended family had ever gone on to tertiary education in any country, let alone the most competitive one in the world. Despite ready access, I took on no standardized prep tutors (got a 35 – fuck the people saying high score = expensive tutors), no after school help, no expensive college app packaging. I didn't even use my story as a college essay (in fact, nobody knows, not even my closest friends [they just think I'm some rich kid, much like you]) because I don't think the circumstances I was born with (and, alternatively, was blessed with afterwards) allow me special privileges or empathy in any way. The amount of effort I can put into my life solely depends on me, not my environment.  And now that I'm here it could all come crashing down any second because my shithole country could decide to take it all away again. My parents can't even visit me in the US (hence the frequent flyer status you motherfucker) and who knows if I'll be able to finish my expensive program here while on a student visa – hence finance. I also find the American adoration of military service adorable when in so many countries (including mine) it's mandatory and a simple way of life, but I'm not going to argue with you on that because I realize it's a sensitive subject for you lot and I still respect your decision.
Actually it has been disproven that minimum wage leads to higher earnings for companies. You are without a doubt wrong on that fact. Because money has fluctuating value, more money does not necessarily lead to higher purchasing power. This is pretty well known by most monetary theorist. It's actually pretty ridiculous to believe otherwise. But hey, if you want to be wrong be my guest.
Some qualitative factors to consider when deciding whether to finance with equity vs debt (for a publicly traded company):    1) The case for equity: Is the stock trading high relative to what management believes is its intrinsic value? If so, raising equity may be attractive since management would be raising a lot of $$$, but the downside is you give up future earnings since you are diluting current ownership  2) The case for debt: What is the expected return for the project in which the raised capital will be utilized for? Is its expected return higher than the interest payments (in % terms)? If so raising debt would be more attractive than raising equity since current ownership would not be diluted  That's all I can think of off the top of my head right now, I'm sure there are a few more qualitative factors to consider but I think these two are the most intuitive
Tax won't be an issue. You have a personal tax free allowance of £7475 this coming year, so your first £7475 will be tax free. 1.09% is pretty abysmal (sorry - but we've wrecked the economy for you young fullas), so you'll only earn about £84 a month. Not as awesome as you were expecting I think. Would recommend getting advice on other means of generating an income with your 100k. Because if you bought a cheap flat (cheap enough to own without a mortgage), you could probably earn between £300-£400 a month fairly comfortably. (I'm not suggesting you become a landlord, just that interest rates currently suck)
Didn't people say this the last election cycle?  Has America ended yet?  We're still here.  But, really, why blame the President?  He's not a dictator.  He can only pass laws that get through house and senate.  This kind of fear mongering is stupid.
Algarve is one of the prime and popular holiday destinations.  For the golf lovers, this is the perfect place to be as Vale Do Lobo is famous for its two championship golf courses. Simply-Algarve offers plenty options of different apartments and villas rental options available. The Villa rentals in Vale Do Lobo is an excellent accommodation option as they offer all the luxuries and comforts. The villas and apartments are outfitted with all essential amenities, for instance, WIFI, television, private pool, air conditioning etc.  http://www.simply-algarve.com/where-to-stay/villa-rentals
Here's a good rule of thumb. In any situation where you are required to purchase insurance (Auto Liability, Property Mortgage Insurance, etc.) you can safely assume that you aren't the primary beneficiary. You are being required to buy that insurance to protect someone else's investment.
"This is an advanced fee scam you do not have any money in a foreign account nor will paying any taxes or fees get that money. A clue is that the Constitution of the United Kingdom has no mention of taxes and is also not organized into sections in a manner like ""4.11"". If you really want to confirm this. You should be able to contact the UK branch of Investec Bank. They would be able to confirm the means that they would use to contact individuals with account issues."
Futures exchanges are essentially auction houses facilitating a two-way auction. While they provide a venue for buyers and sellers to come together and transact (be that a physical venue such as a pit at the CME or an electronic network such as Globex), they don't actively seek out or find buyers and sellers to pair them together. The exchanges enable this process through an order book. As a futures trader you may submit one of two types of order to an exchange: Market Order - this is sent to the exchange and is filled immediately by being paired with a limit order.   Limit Order - this is placed on the books of the exchange at the price you specify. If other participants enter opposing market orders at this price, then their market order will be paired with your limit order. In your example, trader B wishes to close his long position. To do this he may enter a market sell order, which will immediately close his position at the lowest possible buy limit price, or he may enter a limit sell order, specifying the price at or above which he is willing to sell. In the case of the limit order, he will only sell and successfully close his position if his order becomes the lowest sell order on the book. All this may be a lot easier to understand by looking at a visual image of an order book such as the one given in the explanation that I have published here: Stop Orders for Futures Finally, not that as far as the exchange is concerned, there is no difference between an order to open and an order to close a position. They're all just 'buy' or 'sell' orders. Whether they cause you to reduce/exit a position or increase/establish a position is relative to the position you currently hold; if you're flat a buy order establishes a new position, if you're short it closes your position and leaves you flat.
You should invest your money. To figure out what rate of return you need, use this equation: (How Much Money You Want Per Year) / (Total Amount of Cash You Have) = (Annualized Interest Rate) If we plug in the amount of annualized interest you can expect to safely get while not managing your money personally, 2% by my estimate, we get X / 1.2m = 0.02%; X=24K/year A measly $24,000 / year.  Many people say that you can get 10, 12, even 30% return on your investment. I won't speculate  on if this is true, but I will guarantee that you cannot get those returns simply by handing your money over to a money manager. So your options are, 1) Earn a guaranteed $24,000 and earn the rest you need to live by working 2) Learn to invest your money (and then do so intelligently) and earn enough to live off the interest To learn how to invest your money, read Beating the Street, by Peter Lynch. https://www.amazon.ca/Beating-Street-Peter-Lynch/dp/0671891634 Good luck!
Borrow money and start a business.  Follow your business plan and invest in yourself and your entrepreneurship. If you mean invest in the market, do not borrow money.  In your plan, you are willing to make payments right?   There are lots of things you can do better, but borrowing money to invest in the market for a couple of years is not one of them.  Investing is boring, saving is boring, and planning your financial future is boring.  It takes a consistent effort and you aren't going to get rich quick.
"How soon can we get the AI systems to focus on finding ways to make faster chips with more efficient manufacturing processes? That's when things get really interesting. I think it might shatter Moore's Law.   When the AI designs the optimal manufacturing processes, that will be a good day. Of course, that will probably mean the AI will design it's own robots to do the manufacturing, and it would code the robots, so technically, it would be building it's own ""body."" And that's how we get Terminators. Note to self... invest in EMP manufacturing companies."
Taxation of the rich is slightly different than laws about a lot of the things you mention.   I'm not gay and have nothing against gay getting married (and getting the same rights as other married couples)  I don't use drugs, but have nothing against legalizing drugs (it has worked wonders in Portugal the last 10-15 years)  What I DO find strange is, that rich people are NOT expected to pay the same _percentage_ of their income as poor people .. regardless of the amount they end up paying.
An S-corp doesn't pay income tax -- taxation is pass-through.  This being the case, there are no tax deductions it could take for charitable giving.  The solution would be for you to make the contribution out of your own pocket and then personally claim the deduction on your own taxes.
What I am taking away from this comment and the reply to it is that a greater level of communication with the client to understand that what and how we support them so they have a greater level of respect for the work we do. Your work relies on the technology to function and as such we do make you money, because without us your crew can't work.   We have a number of clients who get that, but we also have a few that act extremely rudely to our staff when we are trying to help. The condescending attitude of how dare we not go faster, because they have important things to do gets tiring.   I would never see our doing our jobs as a favor to a client. We're in partnership in the business relationship.
The type of day trading you have described is a form of gambling.  As with any type of gambling, sometimes you win.  Doesn't mean you are good at it or will win next time. As long as you clearly understand that you are doing it for fun, I think your current strategy is fine.  If bankruptcy is on the table, you need to stop now.
"Here are some things you want to look at for evaluating a bank or credit union for your regular spending accounts: Convenience.  Do they have a branch in a convenient location for you?  Do they have no-fee ATMs near you? Website.  If you are like me, you will spend more time on the bank's website than you do inside a branch.  Some bank's websites are great, some are terrible.  Unfortunately, this is generally difficult to evaluate until you actually get an account.  You want a website that is easy to use.  It should allow you to easily move money between your accounts, get instant lists of transactions, show you your monthly statements, and have a billpay feature that works well.  If you use budgeting software that interfaces online with your bank, you want to ensure that it works well with your bank. Fee structure.  Some banks will nickel-and-dime you to death.  Watch out for minimum balance fees and ATM fees.  Banks and credit unions usually have a fee schedule page on their website that lists every fee they charge, making it easy to compare different banks.   I would not be very concerned about interest rates for savings.  Currently, all savings accounts have a universally terrible interest rate.  Therefore, I wouldn't base my bank choice on the interest rate.  Sure, one might offer double the interest rate of another, but double ""next-to-nothing"" is still ""next-to-nothing.""  When you accumulate enough savings that you want to start maximizing your earnings, you can look for a better rate at another bank to move your savings to, and you can keep your checking account at the bank with the best convenience and fee structure. In my limited experience, I have had better luck with credit unions than with banks when it comes to fees."
A few things for you to consider: (1) Yes, if your average daily balance is lower [because you paid it off when you received your paycheck, then slowly used the card for the remainder of the month, until it's at the same balance next paycheck, vs just having the card at a flat $5k the whole month], you will accrue less interest, thereby allowing you to pay it off faster by reducing your interest payments.  BUT: (2) Carrying a balance on your credit card is a big financial no-no, and eliminating it should be an immediate priority for you. If there is anything you can do (step 1: budget your expenses and then track actuals to see where you stand - step 2: see what expenses you can reduce - step 3: see if you can increase your income - step 4: rebudget with your new goals, determine how long it would take to pay off the card, possibly considering consolidating/refinancing your debt at a lower interest rate) to pay it off faster, then do it. However (3) If you have absolutely zero cash on hand, then taking your paycheck and immediately paying down your credit card, and then relying on that card to pay for things until the next paycheck, puts you at risk of your available credit changing. ie: if you have 5k on the card, and pay it down to 4.25k, then what happens to you if the credit card company [because they view you as a risk, or for whatever other reason - including a temporary hold because of fraudulent activity at no fault of your own] reduces your available credit to 4.5k? Suddenly, you will only have $250 in available spending power until your next paycheck. Therefore it may be wise for you to hold onto some amount of cash that you do not touch except for emergencies, even before you pay off your credit card. I really recommend you search this site for other questions related to budgeting and credit cards. There are many good answers, and some of what I've said above is just opinion, so you shouldn't just take my word for it, you should try to become familiar with these topics yourself. Good luck!
Can confirm that. I only eat at places that accept it, no matter where I go. I know at least 20+ friends who do the same.  Consumers love it for the rewards and purchase protection. Their customer support is absolutely amazing also.
The rest of the market knows when the dividends are paid out, and that will be reflected naturally in the share price. That's why there is no way to consistently beat the market. Because the market is other human beings, who's sum of knowledge is greater than any individual. Everything in the stock market boils down to this in one way or another.
Food quality has decreased drastically. Vegetables taste like nothing today (I don't think you can find someone that can contradict that) and meat is pumped full of hormones.  What do you have against mutton? It's just sheep meat.
I'm a retired stockbroker/Registered Investment Advisor. My initial discussions with prospects never had a fee.  Restricted stock is unsaleable without specific permission from the issuing company, and typically involves time specifc periods when stock can be sold and/or amounts of stock that can be sold. Not for DIY. Financial planners may be able to assist you, if they are conversant in restricted stock, though that's not a common situation for most clients. Any stockbroker at a major firm (Merrill Lynch, UBS, Royal Bank of Canada, Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan, etc.) will be knowledgeable and advise you (w/o charge) how to trade the stock. Always talk to more than one firm, and don't be in a hurry. If you feel comfortable with the discussion, you can pursue a deeper relationship. In my professional experience, clients valued service, accessibility, knowledge. Price was way down on the list; many of my clients were not wealthy people- they just needed help navigating a very confusing (and necessary) part of their lives. Good luck.
&gt;You could even pull a cash figure from the income projection in the business plan you asked to see. You did ask for that, right? As well as the resumes from the founders and the name of the VC company so that you can check them out?  I guess this is my point - a fresh grad is unlikely to know how to evaluate this stuff, assuming they even know to ask for the things you mention. They also will be less likely to be in a position to be making a lot of demands of that nature. You act as if it's straightforward, when I don't think it is. OP was making the point that, as you rightly point out, you need to do a lot of due diligence and decide if it's the right thing, whereas in the popular culture there is a lot of glossing over of the failure cases, making people less likely to know that they need to be careful.
one way or another, most posts here, and at /r/entrepreneur and /r/startups are about building/making something.  not me  my thoughts are about sales/marketing.  if I can **SEE** how sales/marketing will be achieved to success, now we have a **GO**
It doesn't matter if the buyer breaches the contract during the due diligence period, because most due diligence periods allow the buyer to breach the agreement without cause.  Unless there is due diligence money added to the contract (different from earnest money), then breaching the contract costs nothing to the buyer. This happened to me.  I learned the hard way:  until the due diligence period is over, the buyer can renege without consequences.  It's one of the risks of being a seller.
Buy high quality real leather yellow limited edition jacket for all Freddie Mercury fans out there! Dont forget to bookmark our website for future needs. Celeb Leather Jackets is the ultimate choice for all leather lovers! Order Now! Learn more info. check out here: https://celebleatherjackets.com/shop/freddie-mercury-yellow-jacket/
Dental Implant Recovery: What to Expect after Surgery  The treatment to embed dental inserts into your jawbone requires a little surgical technique. While Dr. Iskandar will play it safe to guarantee your surgery is a total achievement, you can hope to encounter some reactions, especially amid the initial couple of days after surgery. Before surgery happens, we will ensure you know precisely what's in store amid these initial couple of hours and days after treatment. Persistent instruction is especially vital to us at Radiance Dentistry, and Dr. Iskandar and our amicable dental group will guarantee you know what to look like after your mouth amid this underlying mending period.   Quickly AFTER SURGERY   Once the anesthesia has worn off, you may encounter some minor distress and you should relax for whatever remains of the day. This can typically be controlled with over-the-counter painkillers, or we can recommend a remark you feel great. On the off chance that you had a solitary dental embed, it's normal to encounter practically nothing, if any uneasiness and you ought to be all around ok to come back to work the following day. Dental Implant Recovery Basic symptoms after surgery include:   Agony or Discomfort   This can typically be controlled with over-the-counter painkillers, or we can recommend you a remark you feel good. Dental Implant Recovery On the off chance that you simply had a solitary dental embed, it's normal to encounter practically nothing, if any uneasiness and you ought to be all around ok to come back to work the following day.   Draining or Oozing   Amid the main day or two after surgery, it's very ordinary to encounter some minor overflowing from the surgery site or even some light dying. We will furnish you with some dressing packs that you can put specifically on the surgical site. Apply delicate yet firm weight to the bandage until the point when the draining stops. On the off chance that vital, supplant the bandage after at regular intervals or somewhere in the vicinity. In the event that you are at all stressed that the draining is over the top, or in the event that it won't stop, please contact our dental office quickly.   Swelling and Bruising   The primary day after surgery, please utilize an icepack and apply it to the outside of your mouth to help limit any swelling and wounding. Apply the ice pack for 20 minute time spans, permitting 20 minutes rest in the middle of uses. After the principal day, you can change to utilizing sodden warmth, applying it for 20 minutes on and 20 minutes off. It can take a couple of days for any wounding and swelling to completely turn out.   Stick to Eating Soft Foods   Quickly after surgery, stick to eating delicate nourishments that don't require any biting. Great nourishment decisions incorporate frozen yogurt and yogurt, pureed potatoes, and pasta and soup. As the zone mends, you can continuously present harder sustenances, yet hold up a while before you attempt to eat anything extremely crunchy or which has heaps of seeds that could stall out around the surgery site.   Taking care of Your Oral Health   Instantly after surgery, ensure you tenderly brush whatever is left of your teeth however maintain a strategic distance from the surgery site. Dental Implant Recovery Try not to flush or spit for the principal day or so after surgery, however from the following day onwards it can be useful to utilize a warm salt water wash to keep your mouth perfect and agreeable. We may likewise endorse an against microbial mouth wash to help keep your mouth clean amid this underlying mending period.   Dr. Iskandar will give you bunches of data on what's in store after embed surgery amid your underlying meeting. A great many people will discover recuperating snappy, agreeable and uneventful, however in the event that you are ever stressed, please contact Radiance Dentistry as our neighborly dental group is here to help you.   About US: https://radiancedentistry.com/dental-implants/recovery/ - Dr. Iskandar is a certified restorative and cosmetic dentistry specialist and is licensed both as a general dentist and as a Prosthodontist. Dr. Iskandar obtained his DDS degree from Cairo University School Of Dentistry in 1998. Dr Iskandar holds a specialty in Prosthodontics and MSD (Masters of Science in Dentistry) obtained from Indiana University School of Dentistry in 2008. Dr. Iskandar is a Diplomate of international Dental Implants association since 2011.  CONTACT US: Radiance Dentistry Mounir Iskandar 2020 W Rochelle Rd  Irving, TX 75062 Phone : (972) 258-1702
We can go back and forth all day if this should be illegal, should there be qualifications, standards etc. The bigger issue at hand really is what qualifies as being able to live a basic standard of living in regards to income. Can we even define this? This is the core of the issue at hand. Does someone who was making 40k a year deserve it more or less than someone who was making 1mil a year? I don't know. I do know this, if i can make 100k a year and still live a great life with the ability to save enough to have enough stashed away for 6-8 mos of unemployment, why can't people making 1 million+? It should be rather apparent why people making 40k a year can't  do that as easy.
Monsanto is a publicly traded company that trades under the ticker MON. The stock is owned by a wide range of owner around the world. The buyout offer from Bayer is an all cash offer. Bayer will buy all shares of MON at about $128/share. So if I owned 100 shares of MON, I would receive $12,800 or so for my shares. The deal has not yet been approved by regulators, which is why the stock price is hovering around $104/share today.
It's doing a better job of the last non-socialist government.  The hilarious thing I see whenever I talk to Americans is that every socialist country is compared to the first world so it must suck. But there has never been a first world socialist country, and comparing Venezuela to other petro-states, like Saudi Arabia, Iran, Nigeria or Russia they are doing a marvelous job of not murdering the opposition and/or all their religious minorities.
This could be the worst anecdote I've seen for a while. You've used Uber once and not used Lyft.   And I don't like Uber all that much but making a decision which company to work for based on a sign in bonus seems very short sighted.
consider capital requirements and risk timeframes. With options, the capital requirements are far smaller than owning the underlying securities with stops. Options also allow one to constrain risk to a timeframe of ones own choosing (the expiration date of the contract). If you own or are short the underlying security, there is no time horizon.
&gt;UPDATE II: Thanks to @world_first for spotting that the Drachma has now *been taken **of** Bloomberg*.  I see this on reddit on every comment page. Often, multiple times. Is this some new non-standard version of English? Or does the author not even know what he's writing?
It’s also not coming out of the revenue from Amazon, ie money that could be used to pay workers. It’s stock that derives it’s value from what other people are willing to pay for it.   The Huffington post piece is ignorant of how the world works.
"Yes, the De Beers Group of Companies is a diamond cartel that had complete control of the diamond market for most of the 20th century. They still control a sizable portion of the market and their effort at marketing (particularly with the slogan ""A Diamond is Forever"") has done much to inflate the market for diamonds in our society. The intrinsic value of diamonds is much lower than the market prices currently reflect, but with the caveat that there is a rarity factor which does drive up the price of larger diamonds. The larger the diamond, the more likely it is to have flaws, so when it comes to diamonds that are 5 carats or greater, you are not as likely to see a new supply of diamonds disrupt the prices of those larger stones. Some other ways that high end jewelers and suppliers are differentiating themselves is by patenting a specific cut that they design. This is another barrier to entry that works to create some artificial price inflation. One common example is the Lucida cut sometimes referred to as the Tiffany cut. Diamonds can also be manufactured. The same carbon structure can be grown in a lab. These stones have the same carbon structure as natural diamonds but without the flaws and visible impurities. Most manufactured diamonds are used industrially, but processes have improved sufficiently to allow for gemstone quality synthetic diamonds. They sell at a decent discount, so that might be an option to consider if you want a substitute. In the years to come, you can expect prices for synthetic diamonds to continue to decrease which will probably put some further downward pressure on jewelers' prices."
&gt;  We don't want to go back to the days when people carried 2 cell phones; one for work and one personal.  Most people still do this, and it's a valuable strategy for work/life balance.  As a security consultant, I feel an employee has no right to connect their own unsecured device to the corporate network. Your phone should be your phone, connected to your provider account and using your provider's 3g / H signal.  The only thing on corporate networks should be hardware that has been audited and provided by the company. Not only is this easier to secure, it also protects the employee from legal action as it is the company that has responsibility for securing the phone and computer they provide. They also are responsible for all the bills the work use of that phone entails.
I think people are missing the most obvious thing.  The yearly rate increases are just part of the landlord schtick and it is good business for them.  My grandmother owned several large apartment complexes.  She would raise rates for any resident that had been there between 1-5 years by 5-7% a year.  Even when she had vacancies and property values didn't go up.  For the following reasons: So yes it is not only normal but just part of the business.  If there are better apartments for less money I suggest you move there.  Soon those other apartments will even out and if they are better they will be much more.  So if you see a gap take advantage of it.  If you would rather stay, then simply say you will not pay the increase.  There is no use arguing about why.  The landlord will either be OK with it or say no.  Probably the biggest factors include whether you will tell other tenants (or their perception if you would) and how good of a tenant/risk they feel you are.
"The thing is, there are people who may say they want the ""right"" to be free from having to pay for health care, but I guarantee you that if they, or say their kid, gets horribly injured and needs an ambulance or emergency room care, they'll expect to get those things whether or not they have enough money to pay for it."
No you don't.  You remove the job in this country and send it to another.  People would mind less if they were given the option of following their job to the new country with its cost of living reduced with their new wage.  Probably few would take the option, but at least you would not be SOL.
I have an idea: Let's make home loans for people who traditionally wouldn't have been able to afford them, package them up into large packages of many loans, then sell, as a super-safe investment, a portion of that package designed to absorb the least of the default risk.  The big investors will have a safe place to put their money; people will get houses they couldn't otherwise afford; and we'll get management fees from the former and high returns from the latter paying back their high-interest mortgages, satisfying the more-risky portion of the mortgage package that we're not selling (assuming not too many of them default, but that's unlikely, given that the housing market can only go up from here). Everyone wins!
"I work in the legal services industry, selling these products for a competitor of theirs who shall remain nameless.  The LLC filing itself in most cases is a simple fill in the blank form. You can likely file yourself either online or through the mail, depending on the state. Only a handful require an original document.  You can apply for the EIN for free on the IRS website and usually have it within a few minutes. If you already have someone assisting with your annual LLC taxes you wouldn't need their services for that either. If their compliance kit involves any business licensing research, it may be worthwhile - but you can also order those services a la carte from vendors like LLX and BusinessLicenses.com.  What you're really paying for is the registered agent service - the address for public record with the state so they know where to send any service of process - and you're paying for the convenience of a ""one stop shop"" instead of handling all the legwork yourself."
At t-shirt screen printing we have been trading for over 20 years.We have been screen printing for some of the largest suppliers of printed garments in the UK.We have recently decided to work directly with the public and companies and offer a fast,cheap and effective service direct.
"The simple answer might just be that the increased credit score you mentioned was enough to suddenly make you eligible for this lenders better rate, so maybe that's why you weren't able to get that low a rate before. Another option I can think of is that this particular bank offers these loans as a ""teaser rate"" to hopefully get more of your business later on. It's not exactly a loss leader I would think, given the non-existing deposit rates they're probably still able to make money on the spread but they might be able to undercut other banks enough to get their hooks into you. Figuratively speaking, of course. Of course in order to evaluate if it's worth switching to this deal, you'll also have to look at prepayment penalties and fees on your current loan. These extra costs might be enough to make the switch uneconomic."
Volatility is a shitty metric and is sample dependent, What is more interesting is point recurrence, i.e. how many times has a certain point been touched in x time, you can make good day trading strategies off point recurrence (relative that is).
&gt; It would be hard to cut taxes in a way that didnt help the rich.   Cutting tax brackets that are *not the top tax bracket* is some kind of financial wizardry now?  I understand that still modestly cuts taxes for the rich, but good lord, this isn't complicated.
One thing they do know is not to invest your money into something that's not useful, so they wouldn't go to college in the first place without the intention of finishing. Your logic is flawed. Never in history did someone go to college planning to drop out. It simply occurred through other circumstances.
"I'm not sure what is traditionally meant by ""Swiss-style monetary policy"" but lately it has meant the same thing as US monetary policy, or Japanese monetary policy, or Euro monetary policy: PRINT. Look how many Swiss Francs it takes to buy a currency that cannot be printed:  I'm not sure why they would be touting ""Swiss-style monetary policy"".   That hasn't been too stellar lately."
"Securities clearing and settlement is a complex topic - you can start by browsing relevant Wikipedia articles, and (given sufficient quantities of masochism and strong coffee) progress to entire technical books. You're correct - modern trade settlement systems are electronic and heavily streamlined.  However, you're never going to see people hand over assets until they're sure that payment has cleared - given current payment systems, that means the fastest settlement time is going to be the next business day (so-called T+1 settlement), which is what's seen for heavily standardized instruments like standard options and government debt securities. Stocks present bigger obstacles.  First, the seller has to locate the asset being sold & make sure they have clear title to it... which is tougher than it might seem, given the layers of abstraction/virtualization involved in the chain of ownership & custody, complicated in particular by ""rehypothecation"" involved in stock borrowing/lending for short sales... especially since stock borrow/lending record-keeping tends to be somewhat slipshod (cf. periodic uproar about ""naked shorting"" and ""failure to deliver""). Second, the seller has to determine what exactly it is that they have sold... which, again, can be tougher than it might seem.  You see, stocks are subject to all kinds of corporate actions (e.g. cash distributions, spin-offs, splits, liquidations, delistings...)  A particular topic of keen interest is who exactly is entitled to large cash distributions - the buyer or the seller?  Depending on the cutoff date (the ""ex-dividend date""), the seller may need to deliver to the buyer just the shares of stock, or the shares plus a big chunk of cash - a significant difference in settlement.  Determining the precise ex-dividend date (and so what exactly are the assets to be settled) can sometimes be very difficult... it's usually T-2, except in the case of large distributions, which are usually T+1, unless the regulatory authority has neglected to declare an ex-dividend date, in which case it defaults to standard DTC payment policy (i.e. T-2)... I've been involved in a few situations where the brokers involved were clueless, and full settlement of ""due bills"" for cash distributions to the buyer took several months of hard arguing. So yeah, the brokers want a little time to get their records in order and settle the trade correctly."
for news, I go to [this news aggregater](http://drudgereport.com/), which is number one with a **billion** page views a month  notice below the links (3 columns) there are names of prominent people who write important articles.  clicking any of those takes you to their most recent works (many are daily)
Nah, this is a fluff piece designed to get people excited about real estate.  A good rule of thumb is that if a piece has a National Association of Realtors quote in it, it's good odds that that it's trying to promote buying and/or selling real estate and trying to get people excited about real estate.  If there's actually a shortage of supply relative to demand, which is what matters, I'd expect to see Case-Schiller housing price index increases (not just median sales price increases, which I see quoted a bit, as those are affected by what type of house is selling in larger numbers).  Let's go back and look at [YOY Case-Schiller for Los Angeles](http://www.standardandpoors.com/indices/sp-case-shiller-home-price-indices/en/us/?indexId=spusa-cashpidff--p-us----).  Yup, looks like Los Angeles has seen a 4.8% drop over the course of the last year in the index.  Not exactly the sign of a booming housing market.
A 15% discount is a 17.6% return. (100/85 = 1.176). For a holding period that's an average 15.5 days, a half month. It would be silly to compound this over a year as the numbers are limited.  The safest way to do this is to sell the day you are permitted. In effect, you are betting, 12 times a year, that the stock won't drop 15% in 3 days. You can pull data going back decades, or as long as your company has been public, and run a spreadsheet to see how many times, if at all, the stock has seen this kind of volatility over 3 day periods. Even for volatile stocks, a 15% move is pretty large, you're likely to find your stock doing this less than once per year. It's also safest to not accumulate too many shares of your company for multiple reasons, having to do with risk spreading, diversification, etc.  2 additional points -  the Brexit just caused the S&P to drop 4% over the last 3 days trading. This was a major world event, but, on average we are down 4%. One would have to be very unlucky to have their stock drop 15% over the specific 3 days we are discussing.  The dollars at risk are minimal. Say you make $120K/yr. $10K/month. 15% of this is $1500 and you are buying $1765 worth of stock. The gains, on average are expected to be $265/mo. Doesn't seem like too much, but it's $3180 over a years' time. $3180 in profit for a maximum $1500 at risk at any month's cycle.
I don't think that you will be able to find a list of every owner for a given stock. There are probably very few people who would know this. One source would be whoever sends out the shareholder meeting mailers.  I suspect that the company itself would know this, the exchange to a lesser extent, and possibly the brokerage houses to a even lesser extent. Consider these resources:
Get it in writing from the debt collector first that there will be a pay for deletion.  This is the most fail safe way that I know to get a collections debt completely removed from a credit report, and also without the chance of it being put back on the report by another agency.
First, check with your lender to see if the terms of the loan allow early payoff.  If you are able to payoff early without penalty, with the numbers you are posting, I would hesitate to refinance. This is simply because if you actually do pay 5k/month on this loan you will have it paid off so quickly that refinancing will probably not save you much money. Back-of-the-napkin math at 5k/month has you paying 60k pounds a year, which will payoff in about 5 years.  Even if you can afford 5k/month, I would recommend not paying extra on this debt ahead of other high-interest debt or saving in a tax-advantaged retirement account. If these other things are being taken care of, and you have liquid assets (cash) for emergencies, I would recommend paying off the mortgage without refinancing.
I don't think that's DRM.  That's just the buggy app/service.  We couldn't get it to stream off our phones for ages.  Streaming off a laptop would work.  That bit of the app has gotten better on our phones, but it is still buggy as hell, and the interface is garbage.
My wife and I meet in the first few days of each month to create a budget for the coming month. During that meeting we reconcile any spending for the previous month and make sure the amount money in our accounts matches the amount of money in our budget record to the penny. (We use an excel spreadsheet, how you track it matters less than the need to track it and see how much you spent in each category during the previous month.)  After we have have reviewed the previous month's spending, we allocate money we made during that previous month to each of the categories. What categories you track and how granular you are is less important than regularly seeing how much you spend so that you can evaluate whether your spending is really matching your priorities. We keep a running total for each category so if we go over on groceries one month, then the following month we have to add more to bring the category back to black as well as enough for our anticipated needs in the coming month. If there is one category that we are consistently underestimating (or overestimating) we talk about why. If there are large purchases that we are planning in the coming month, or even in a few months, we talk about them, why we want them, and we talk about how much we're planning to spend. If we want a new TV or to go on a trip, we may start adding money to the category with no plans to spend in the coming month. The biggest benefit to this process has been that we don't make a lot of impulse purchases, or if we do, they are for small dollar amounts. The simple need to explain what I want and why means I have to put the thought into it myself, and I talk myself out of a lot of purchases during that train of thought. The time spent regularly evaluating what we get for our money has cut waste that wasn't really bringing much happiness. We still buy what we want, but we agree that we want it first.
"Really? Because, the funniest thing just happened, I just scoured their news (undoubtedly more than you have done in consideration). Rather than finding just ""uniform crap,"" there are actually a few good investigative stories, like [this one](https://news.vice.com/story/weed-fraud-are-you-getting-cheated) about cannabis testing labs corruptly falsifying THC content to increase the value of crops. That isn't poorly investigated. That's not from a wire service. That's decent investigative reporting.  You really shouldn't talk about things when you clearly don't put yourself in a position to be informed on the topic. You're just espousing unhelpful ignorance. Oh, and also thanks for the downvote, which you broke the rules of this subreddit giving, since my comment clearly contributes to a discussion (that you decided to join). Although, I don't really care about upvotes or downvotes, so feel free to give me another. Or two. Or three. IDC you little twerp."
"You owe taxes to the state where you earned the income, and also to the state where you physically live. Most, maybe all, states have laws that let you claim credits for taxes paid to other states so that you're not paying double taxes by living in one state while working in another. Most states have deals with all their neighboring states so that you only have to file taxes in one. For example, I live in Michigan, and Michigan borders Ohio. Lots of people who live near the border live in one state but work in the other. So the two have a deal that anyone who lives in Michigan but works in Ohio just has to file a Michigan tax return and pay Michigan taxes, and anyone who lives in Ohio and works in Michigan just has to pay Ohio taxes. Oh, I should note that these adjacent state deals apply only to employment income, not business income. If you own a business in another state, you'll still have to file taxes in that state. You still should get tax credits in your residence state. In general the fact that you use a server in another state doesn't make you liable for taxes in that state. I understand that New York says that if you work from home and the company headquarters is in New York, you have to pay New York taxes. Maybe there are a few other states who do this. But just because a server is in their state? I've never heard of this. If I order business supplies that are shipped from a warehouse in Arizona, that doesn't make me liable for Arizona income taxes, etc.  You are legally a ""resident"" of the state where you actually live. If you have a home and live in it most of the time, then you are a resident of the state where that home is. A ""home"" doesn't have to be a house. It could be an apartment, an RV that you live in in a trailer park, a tent, etc. If you don't own any sort of fixed home and you travel around a lot, this could be tricky. You mentioned Oklahoma. Oklahoma defines ""resident"" as follows:  An Oklahoma resident is a person domiciled in this state for the entire tax year. “Domicile” is the place established as a person’s true, fixed, and permanent home. It is the place you intend to return whenever you are away (as on    vacation abroad, business assignment, educational leave or military assignment). A domicile, once established, remains until a new one is adopted. (https://www.ok.gov/tax/documents/511NRPkt-14.pdf) I'm not sure that that clears things up for you. You can't just pick a state with low taxes and claim that as your residence. No way is the state where you actually live going to accept that. If you are in an ambiguous situation, like you spend 6 months per year in state A and 6 months in state B and you have no fixed home in either -- maybe you stay at motels or live in your minivan -- you might get away with picking the state with the most favorable tax laws as your residence. But if you spend 7 months in state A and 5 months in state B, state A will almost surely claim you are a resident and owe them taxes. If you regularly wander the country, never spend more than a few days in any one place, and rarely come back to the same place twice, then you have a complicated situation and you probably need to talk to a tax lawyer."
This is generally wrong. For the vast majority of the time that underqualified alt-a and option-arm mortgages were being written, Fannie and Freddie were not buying, and they were never huge holders of these mortgages. Fannie and Freddie have minimum qualifications standards. However, as time went on, Fannie and Freddie did load up on the securities (not the mortgages), which were of course still problematic.   But the liquidity crunch of 08 was not substantially contributed to by Fannie and Freddie.
The best thing for you to do will be to start using the Cash Flow report instead of the Income and Expense report. Go to Reports -> Income and Expense -> Cash Flow Once the report is open, open the edit window and open the Accounts tab.  There, choose your various cash accounts (checking, saving, etc.).  In the General tab, choose the reporting period.  (And then save the report settings so you don't need to go hunting for your cash accounts each time.) GnuCash will display for you all the inflows and outflows of money, which appears to be what you really want. Though GnuCash doesn't present the Cash Flow in a way that matches United States accounting rules (with sections for operating, investing, and financial cash flows separated), it is certainly fine for your personal use. If you want the total payment to show up as one line on the Cash Flow report, you will need to book the accrual of interest and the payment to the mortgage bank as two separate entries. Normal entry for mortgage payments (which shows up as a line for mortgage and a line for interest on your Cash Flow): Pair of entries to make full mortgage payment show up as one line on Cash Flow: Entry #1:  Interest accrual Entry #2:  Full mortgage payment (Tested in GnuCash 2.6.1)
It doesn't hurt to pencil out the details starting with a sales projection. Doing anything without a plan increases the odds of failure. Putting it in writing creates a sharable vision. I've put together multi-page business plans (40-50 pages - very pretty). The best one I have is one page, hand written and I keep it with me practically all the time, tweeking it.
To answer your precise question, your plans are not at all misguided, and are in fact very reasonable. You are clearly financially very comfortable, and from the tone of your post it sounds like you value security and simplicity over maximizing your investment return over the coming years.  If money was the most important thing to you then you would stay shackled to your high paying jobs. @JoeTaxpayer's answer has some great information for a person who is interested in maximizing their investment return.  If you followed that advice, you might increase your return on investments by up to 1%/year (I'm just throwing a ball park number out there). So your choice is simple.  Peace of mind on one hand and perhaps 1% additional return on investments on the other hand.
"There are many flaws with your idea. Say I want to borrow $225,000.00 to accrue interest on a 1.20% APY   account. I promise ... that I cannot withdraw nor touch the   account by legal contract. If you break the contract and lose the money, the lender is out the money. They can take you to court and will win, but if you don't have the money, then they don't get paid. (You can't squeeze water out of a rock even if a judge orders you to.) By sharing the interest with me on a loan, they keep a percentage that they'd normally get... If you're ""investing"" the money at 1.2%, and the lender gets some amount less than that, then they are getting much less than they ""normally"" get. Lenders typically get somewhere from 5-15% on loans. The money can also be used to fund a stock/trading account. Regardless of whether I profit, I pay interest on the loan and split the profit shares 24/7. How can the lender lose with legal enforcing? Again, if you lose the money, no amount of legal enforcing can force you to pay money that you don't have. Even if you go to jail for fraud the lender still doesn't get paid. Simply, no bank would ever agree to this."
In less than two decades, more than half of all publicly traded companies have disappeared. There were 7,355 U.S. stocks in November 1997, according to the Center for Research in Security Prices at the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business. Nowadays, there are fewer than 3,600.  A close look at the data helps explain why stock pickers have been underperforming. And the shrinking number of companies should make all investors more skeptical about the market-beating claims of recently trendy strategies.  Back in November 1997, there were more than 2,500 small stocks and nearly 4,000 tiny “microcap” stocks, according to CRSP. At the end of 2016, fewer than 1,200 small and just under 1,900 microcap stocks were left.  Most of those companies melted away between 2000 and 2012, but the numbers so far show no signs of recovering.  Several factors explain the shrinking number of stocks, analysts say, including the regulatory red tape that discourages smaller companies from going and staying public; the flood of venture-capital funding that enables young companies to stay private longer; and the rise of private-equity funds, whose buyouts take shares off the public market.  For stock pickers, differentiating among the remaining choices is “an even harder game” than it was when the market consisted of twice as many companies, says Michael Mauboussin, an investment strategist at Credit Suisse in New York who wrote a report this spring titled “The Incredible Shrinking Universe of Stocks.”  That’s because the surviving companies tend to be “fewer, bigger, older, more profitable and easier to analyze,” he says — making stock picking much more competitive.  Consider small-stock funds. Often, they compare themselves to the Russell 2000, an index of the U.S. stocks ranked 1,001 through 3,000 by total market value. “Twenty years ago, there were over 4,000 stocks smaller” than the inclusion cutoff for the Russell 2000, says Lubos Pastor, a finance professor at the University of Chicago. “That number is down to less than 1,000 today.”  So fund managers have far fewer stocks to choose from if they venture outside the index — the very area where the best bargains might be found. More money chasing fewer stocks could lead some fund managers to buy indiscriminately, regardless of value.  Eric Cinnamond is a veteran portfolio manager with a solid record of investing in small stocks. Last year, he took the drastic step of shutting down his roughly $400 million mutual fund, Aston/River Road Independent Value, and giving his investors their money back.  “Prices got so crazy in small caps, I fired myself,” he says. “My portfolio was 90% in cash at the end, because I couldn’t find anything to buy. If I’d kept investing, I was sure I’d lose people their money.”  He adds, “It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done professionally, but I didn’t feel I had a choice. I knew my companies were overvalued.”  Mr. Cinnamond hopes to return to the market when, in his view, values become attractive again. He doesn’t expect recent conditions to be permanent.  The evaporation of thousands of companies may have one enduring result, however — and it could catch many investors by surprise.  Most research on historical returns, points out Mr. Mauboussin, is based on the days when the stock market had twice as many companies as it does today. “Was the population of companies so different then,” he asks, “that the inferences we draw from it might no longer be valid?”  So-called factor investing, also known as systematic or smart-beta investing, picks hundreds or thousands of stocks at a time based on common sources of risk and return. Among them: how big companies are, how much their shares fluctuate, how expensive their shares are relative to asset value and so on.  But the historical outperformance of many such factors may have been driven largely by the tiniest companies — exactly those that have disappeared from the market in droves.  Before concluding that small stocks or cheap “value” stocks will outrace the market as impressively as they did in the past, you should pause to consider how they will perform without the tailwinds from thousands of tiny stocks that no longer exist.  The stock market has more than tripled in the past eight years, so the eclipse of so many companies hasn’t been a catastrophe. But it does imply that investing in some of the market’s trendiest strategies might be less profitable in the future than they looked in the past.
I guess it's hard because he knows that I have a chronic health condition that causes fatigue (it nearly killed me last year) and he used that as a basis for why he deserves more equity in the long run. I just didn't want that to be the reason because it sucks mentally.  But like I can be really productive at night when all is calm or early morning, but I'm more of a night owl.
"As a contractor, I have done this exact calculation many times so I can compare full time employment offers when they come. The answer varies greatly depending on your situation, but here's how to calculate it: So, subtracting the two and you get I've run many different scenarios with multiple plans and employers, and in my situation with a spouse and 1 child, the employer plans usually ended up saving me approximately $5k per year. So then, to answer your question: ...salary is ""100k"", ""with healthcare"", or then ""X"" ""with no healthcare"" - what do we reckon? I reckon I would want to be paid $5K more, or $105K. This is purely hypothetical though and assumes there are no other differences except for with or without health insurance. In reality, contractor vs employee will have quite a few other differences. But in general, the calculation varies by company and the more generous the employer's health benefits, the more you need to be compensated to make up for not having it. Note: the above numbers are very rough, and there are many other factors that come into play, some of which are: As a side note, many years ago, during salary talks with a company, I was able to negotiate $2K in additional yearly salary by agreeing not to take the health insurance since I had better insurance through my spouse. Health insurance in the US was much cheaper back then so I think closer to $5K today would be about right and is consistent with my above ballpark calculation. I always wondered what would have happened if I turned around and enrolled the following year. I suspect had I done that they could not have legally lowered my salary due to my breaking my promise, but I wouldn't be surprised if I didn't get a raise that year either."
"BigCo is selling new shares and receives the money from Venturo. If Venturo is offering $250k for 25% of the company, then the valuation that they are agreeing on is a value of $1m for the company after the new investment is made.  If Jack is the sole owner of one million shares before the new investment, then BigCo sells 333,333 shares to Venturo for $250k.  The new total number of shares of BigCo is 1,333,333; Venturo holds 25%, and Jack holds 75%. The amount that Jack originally invested in the company is irrelevant.  At the moment of the sale, the Venturo and Jack agree that Jack's stake is worth $750k.  The value of Jack's stake may have gone up, but he owes no capital gains tax, because he hasn't realized any of his gains yet.  Jack hasn't sold any of his stake.  You might think that he has, because he used to hold 100% and now he holds 75%.  However, the difference is that the company is worth more than was before the sale.  So the value of his stake was unchanged immediately before and after the sale. Jack agrees to this because the company needs this additional capital in order to meet its potential. (See ""Why is stock dilution legal?"") For further explanation and another example of this, see the question ""If a startup receives investment money, does the startup founder/owner actually gain anything?"" Your other scenario, where Venturo purchases existing shares directly from Jack, is not practical in this situation.  If Jack sells his existing shares, you are correct that the company does not gain any additional capital.  An investor would not want to invest in the company this way, because the company is struggling and needs new capital."
Rather than question the source, question the event, two North Korean ICBMs flew over Japan, in spite of THAD deployments, neither was intercepted.  What were they waiting for, as a missile from a hostile country flew thorough their air space, a mushroom? . . obviously it was a threat and should have been intercepted.  It certainly begs an answer, because it seems they were quite helpless and this article makes some very valid points.
All but certainly, Mitsubishi is selling so cheaply because of the fuel scandal. It has been providing false fuel efficiency data for decades. As a result, it may face significant penalties and may have lost the trust of consumers, who will now be less likely to purchase a Mitsubishi vehicle. Nissan is taking a controlling stake in Mitsubishi. This is important news for the company, too. The stock price reflects the consensus of investors on how significant these issues are. It's quite possible the stock will recover over the next few years, in which case it's a bargain at the moment. On the other hand, it's quite possible the company will never recover.
"No... that's just what I'm owed for letting them use my principal.  If I wanted to enjoy the opportunity cost of 0% interest for 13 plus years, I'd just keep the money in my ""savings"" account (where the 8th wonder of world, miracle of compound interest no longer exists).   The bigger question posited by my snark was if/when the bond market will stop trading them as legitimate paper."
Waiters are only 1 type of employee in a restaurant. If you work full time ANYWHERE doing ANYTHING you should afford rent and bills with a tiny bit left over. If not, you are by definition a slave. When all of your labor is spent on your mere existence, that is slavery.
What do you think Proposition 13 was in California?  It was a protest against property taxes that where paying for the California State education system, at the the time, one of best in the world, providing State funded education from kindergarten to University.
Dude, pitch deck is a hygiene factor. You need it. They're really hard to do right. It's hard to get the op to 'sell' without the deck in the first place. You might not get meetings.  Yes, if you have the connections and massive energy then you 'can' hustle through... but you need to follow the rules of the game if you want to win. Front's deck is one of the best. I've the largest public collection online (~90). It's easily the most common one I recommend to people (yes, it can be better). Linkedin with Reid's commentary is of course the most informative.   Do you know what the search volume is on pitch decks? Mine get literally millions of views a year according to slideshare and I've never marketed them. Founders want to see these decks
&gt; There are growing signs that the business of high-speed trading, or electronic market-making as it is sometimes called, is shrinking because of the steadily declining volume on the world’s stock exchanges over the last four years.  Why is it shrinking? Less trading or more OTC and dark pools?
You're completely right. They absolutely have an interest in these things. That's why we should reign in Washington, strip it of its power to play favorites.  If government is allowed to stack the deck, its the people who end up losing. How often do politicians really fulfill their campaign promises? Rarely, if ever.
The short answer: it depends. The long answer.. Off the top of my head, there are quite a number of factors that an analyst may look at when analyzing a stock, to come up with a recommendation.  Some example factors to look at include: The list goes on.  Quite literally, any and all factors are fair game for a recommendation.  So, the question isn't really what analysts do with financial data, it is what do analysts do with financial data that meets your investment needs? As an example, if you have two analysts, one who is focused on growth stocks, and one who is focused on dividend growth, they may have completely different views on a company.  If both analysts were to analyze Apple (AAPL) 5 years ago, the dividend analyst would likely say SELL or at the most HOLD, because back then Apple did not have a dividend.  However, an analyst focused on growth would likely have said BUY, because Apple appeared to be on a clear upward trend in terms of growth.  Likewise, if you have analysts who are focused on shorting stocks, and ones who are focused on deep value investing, the sell analyst may be selling SELL because they are confident the stock will go down in price, so you can make money on the short position.  Conversely, the deep value investor may be saying BUY, because they believe that based on the companies strong balance sheet, and recent shake-ups in management the stock will eventually turn around.  Two completely different views for the same company: the analyst focused on shorting is looking to make money by capitalizing on falling share price, while the analyst focused on deep value is looking for unloved companies in a tailspin whom s/he believe will turn around, the thesis being that if you dollar-cost-average as the price drops, when it corrects, you'll reap the rewards. That all said, to answer the question about what analysts look for: So really, you should be looking for analysts who align with your investment style, and use those recommendations as a starting point for your own purchases.  Personally, I am a dividend investor, so I have passed many BUY recommendations from analysts and my former broker because those were based on growth stories.  That does not mean that the analysts, my former broker, or myself, are wrong.  But we were all incorrect given the context of how I invest, and what they recommend.
This sounds wonderful, and you sure are better at life than I am, but it's just not working right now at the country-wide level.  You and your friends are not part of the problem.  But the 30% or so profits made by the financial sector are just rents--[extra costs the rest of us have-nots have to fork over to the haves](http://blogs.reuters.com/felix-salmon/2011/03/30/chart-of-the-day-us-financial-profits/).  [Businesses have also been making sky-high profits and just sitting on the money](http://www.minnpost.com/eric-black-ink/2011/04/business-profits-soar-not-much-trickles-down-unemployed).  I don't see the reinvestment.  I just see a catch-phrase with no substance behind it.
Why on Earth would you get a MBA without experience.  Gl getting anything post MBA without internships or job experience.  This market is incredibly easy to find work.  I didn't even graduate with a finance degree and I found a financial services job.  Also many jobs help pay for the mba
"It's called a ""Pyramid scheme"". Its illegal in almost every country of the Western world. You're not going to earn lifetime income, of course, and these things collapse pretty quickly. Most of the ""common folks"" don't return the investment, its the organizers who take the money. Sometimes they run, most times they end up in jail. The way these schemes work is that they pay the early ""investors"" from the fees paid by new ""investors"". As long as a steady stream of new people keep signing up and paying into it those who got in very early make money. The idea is based on the geometric procession of each new person signing up two or more people, and those people doing the same. Pretty quickly at that rate you need to sign up every human being on the planet to keep the new money flowing in to make it work, which obviously is not realistic. Ultimately a small % of the people (if they can stay out of jail) will make a big amount of money the vast majority of ""investors"" get stiffed."
I swore off mcds back in 2002 have not had it since ex eat for breakfast but even places like chicken a FIL have them beat.  Shitty food made by shitty people, sorry but the people at chick a FIL  are much nicer and it improves the experience a lot
"Oh!  Well, on that mark, we are in agreement!  But we need to get to the source of the issue so we can correct it properly, rather than blanketing it as ""the government"".  Sources of issues:  1)  Lobbyists for special interests can actually push through garbage bills due to lack of knowledge by, and financial influences over, congress.  2)  Regulation groups are also infested with Lobbyists and special interest groups whose goals are counter to the regulating.  Regulators are being financially influenced as well.  3)  Voting is manipulated by Gerrymandering and inadequate voting systems.  First Past the Post removes choice from the voters in favor of the preferences of a ""faux"" two part system.  4)  Bills that already disrupt the healthy economic working of the nation are already in place and causing damage.  Things like the Post Office need revamped to foster competition rather than stifle it.  What else am I missing in this list?"
##Keating Five The Keating Five were five United States Senators accused of corruption in 1989, igniting a major political scandal as part of the larger Savings and Loan crisis of the late 1980s and early 1990s. The five senators – Alan Cranston (Democrat of California), Dennis DeConcini (Democrat of Arizona), John Glenn (Democrat of Ohio), John McCain (Republican of Arizona), and Donald W. Riegle, Jr. (Democrat of Michigan) – were accused of improperly intervening in 1987 on behalf of Charles H. Keating, Jr., Chairman of the Lincoln Savings and Loan Association, which was the target of a regulatory investigation by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (FHLBB). The FHLBB subsequently backed off taking action against Lincoln.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove
Pot can affect competency. You are naive and biased to believe otherwise.   You argue that it never could cause problems. This is because YOU have never seen it happen.   The problem is you then discount any observations which go against what you have seen and been told by others. Others who have a vested interest in legalizing pot in all ways.   I know people who function just fine after a period of time from smoking.   I also know and have known  people who don't. Who prior to smoking pit where very timely and efficient at their jobs, then after starting to smoke became lazy and uncaring during work. With most, the ONLY thing that changed was they started smoking pot.   So you go ahead and avoid truths because you do not like them.
"IRA distributions are reported on line 15b on the standard form 1040.  That is in the same Income section as most of your other income (including that 1099 income and W2 income, etc.).  Its income is included in the Line 22 ""Total Income"", from which the Personal Exemption (calculated on 6d, subtracted from the total in line 42) and the Standard Deduction (line 40 - also Itemized Deduction total would be here) are later reduced to arrive at Line 43, ""Taxable Income"". As such, yes, he might owe only the 10% penalty (which is reported on line 59, and you do not reduce this by the deductions, as you surmised)."
I think this could be changed quickly if they were forced to participate in the markets.  Sadly I spent 3 years of my bachelors degree in finance studying EMH. Only in my last year, in two classes we covered the disiquilibrium.
"idea that somehow people will take a lower income job and automatically grow into a higher paying one.  It doesn't happen automatically. But it does happen all the time. It's climbing the corporate ladder if you will.   ""leads to trying to have a workforce that's minimum wage with little room for growth""  Simply untrue at most successful companies. If you provide value, they pay you what your worth or you jump (if you are smart enough). I see it all the time.   Minimum wage may or may not have kept up with inflation, by that's like saying working at McDonald's only affords me such and such lifestyle. Defined circumstances are required to solve the problem. Inflation isn't directly solved by upping the minimum wage so move on to a better solution.   ""Jobs a worthy cry but can't be only metric to ensure people have opportunity to live decently"".   Jobs are the opportunity. Where there is specific abuse in the workplace denying people equal job opportunity, we fight it. If you don't pay me enough, and I am forced to work for you... that's called indentured servitude which is an abuse and illegal as humans are property in such a case. But if you force me to pay you more than I want to, somehow that's okay? Goes both ways. Leave to a company that pays you what your worth if I don't pay you enough. This is how the most people grow over time to better salaries and more prestigious titles.  ""Lots of college grads with low paying jobs""  Define ""low paying"". I'm a college grad. Wife is too. Lots of people I know are. What $ we make varies greatly from person to person based largely upon the opportunities we created/took not because of a mandated min wage."
I'm going to be buying a house / car / home theater system in the next few months, and this loan would show up on my credit report and negatively impact my score, making me unable to get the financing that I'll need.
"Rick Wagoner may disagree with you- he was the CEO of GM, before Obama made the decision to ""dismiss"" him. So yes, it is absolutely possible and a reality to have a President make a choice like this. All of the workers for GM were affected by this decision, and the unions were obviously flummoxed.  [Here's an article](http://www.nationalpost.com/opinion/columnists/story.html?id=b4f1a67a-636c-4479-b6ec-6d5420529740) outlining what happened. The circumstances are different, but the possibility of a President having a direct effect over a business is quite real."
"The price of a company's stock at any given moment is established by a ratio of buyers to sellers.  When the sellers outnumber the buyers at a given price, the stock price drops until there are enough people willing to buy the stock to balance the equation again.  When there are more people wanting to purchase a stock at a given price than people willing to sell it, the stock price rises until there are enough sellers to balance things again.  So given this, it's easy to see that a very large fund (or collection of very large funds) buying or selling could drive the price of a stock in one direction or another (because the sheer number of shares they trade can tip the balance one way or another).   What's important to keep in mind though is that the ratio of buyers to sellers at any given moment is determined by ""market sentiment"" and speculation.  People selling a stock think the price is going down, and people buying it think it's going up; and these beliefs are strongly influenced by news coverage and available information relating to the company.  So in the case of your company in the example that would be expected to triple in value in the next year; if everyone agreed that this was correct then the stock would triple almost instantly.  The only reason the stock doesn't reach this value instantly is that the market is split between people thinking this is going to happen and people who think it won't.   Over time, news coverage and new information will cause one side to appear more correct than the other and the balance will shift to drive the price up or down.  All this is to say that YES, large funds and their movements CAN influence a stock's trading value; BUT their movements are based upon the same news, information, analysis and sentiment as the rest of the market.  Meaning that the price of a stock is much more closely tied to news and available information than day to day trading volumes.  In short, buying good companies at good prices is just as ""good"" as it's ever been.   Also keep in mind that the fact that YOU can buy and sell stocks without having a huge impact on price is an ADVANTAGE that you have.  By slipping in or out at the right times in major market movements you can do things that a massive investment fund simply cannot."
"As an absolute basic in life you always need 1 month's salary free and clear sitting in the bank. You do not have this. You don't even get to count that. It's what Napoleon would refer to as an ""iron reserve"": you have to have this. You actually won't even have this for some two or three months. Note that you have a staggering amount of debt. You have absolutely no assets. You own nothing. You have no savings. So at this point we can say ""Could your situation be any worse?"" and the answer is ""It could not be any worse."" On the ""good things in your outlook"" side you have the idea that you probably have a job (it's unfortunate how you refer to it as ""will pay"" when you mean ""might pay"") but you're in perhaps the highest-expense, most-flakey economic zone on Earth.  Recall that i) every company eventually closes and ii) every job eventually ends. The next incredible problem you face is that I'm guessing you just have no clue how expensive it is to insure and run a car. Any ideas of buying anything more than a junker is a non-starter, but on top of that you're not realizing how expensive it is going to be for you to run a car. Disturbingly, you have a very poor idea of even how far it is you have to drive each day. The only realistic solution for you is to bike each day to work (buy the cheapest possible bike); become the ""eccentric guy"" who really focusses on health. Bike in for an hour, shower at the office or a nearby gym, enjoy your day and bike home. You'll need a backpack to carry your pack lunch, buy the cheapest backpack. Since it's LA, it may be impractical. You may literally need a car. In that case, your only solution is That's the only thing you can do.  Plain lean on your parents or relatives to borrow some old car and use that. (It will still cost you an awful lot of money to do so - repairs, tires, insurance, and everything else.) A reminder, You do not have your one-month ""iron reserve"". You have a staggering amount of debt. You have absolutely no assets. You own nothing. You have no savings. Additionally you live with the parents; you have a dream of a job (in one the highest-priced, most flakey regions) and ""job"" is another word for no security - jobs evaporate all the time for many reasons. Please be careful. Regarding a car, find a way to borrow one; offer to make a repair on it, say.  Don't spend one cent on anything your first six months at work, concentrate only on your job.  See where you are after six months."
I'd say the opposite of hedging is speculating.  If you are convinced an asset will appreciate in value, or rather the probability of gains is enough to induce you to hold the asset, you are a speculator.  There are lots of ways of speculating, including holding risky assets without hedging that risk and possibly magnifying that risk and return via leverage or the embedded leverage in a derivative contract. Generally speaking, if in expectation you are paying to reduce your risk, you are a hedger.  If you are (in expectation) being paid to bear the risk that otherwise someone else would bear, you are a speculator.  The word speculation has been tainted by politicians and others trying to vilify the practice, but at the end of the day it's what we are all doing when we buy stock or any other risky asset.
Comcast has 19 million subscribers. Neither you or I have any idea what the tipping point would be for Netflix subscriber loss before they went out of business,  but I guarantee you the threshold is well below 19 million. Expecting Netflix to take a principled stance like that is ridiculous.
International Trade, the exchange of goods and services between nations. “Goods” can be defined as finished products, as intermediate goods used in producing other goods, or as raw materials such as minerals, agricultural products, and other such commodities. International trade commerce enables a nation to specialize in those goods it can produce most cheaply and efficiently, and sell those that are surplus to its requirements. Trade also enables a country to consume more than it would be able to produce if it depended only on its own resources. Finally, trade encourages economic development by increasing the size of the market to which products can be sold. Trade has always been the major force behind the economic relations among nations; it is a measure of national strength.
In a taxable account you're going to owe taxes when you sell the shares for a gain. You're also going to owe taxes on any distributions you receive from the holdings in the account; these distributions can happen one or more times a year. Vanguard has a writeup on mutual fund taxation.  Note: for a fund like you linked, you will owe taxes annually, regardless of whether you sell it. The underlying assets will pay dividends and those are distributed to you either in cash, or more beneficially as additional shares of the mutual fund (look into dividend reinvestment.) Taking VFIAX's distributions as an example, if you bought 1 share of the fund on March 19, 2017, on March 20th you would have been given $1.005 that would be taxable. You'd owe taxes on that even if you didn't sell your share during the year. Your last paragraph is based on a false premise. The mutual fund does report to you at the end of the year the short and long term capital gains, along with dividends on a 1099-DIV. You get to pay taxes on those transactions, that's why it's advantageous to hold low turnover mutual funds in taxable accounts.
"I find the sun country airline a unique example, it is owned by Marty Davis, CEO of Cambria (a countertop / stone tile company).   They use the airline to promote their countertop business with in- flight magazines and even and Cambria logo on the door of the plane as you walk in.  I have been a fan of Sun Country for a long time, but recently a new CEO took over and there was a memo leaked that they are going to start operating like an allegiant or Spirit ""super-discount"" airline.  I hope not, I choose sun country for the people that operate their planes and for the simple, no-bullshit, I buy a ticket, I get bags and a checked Bag is $25.  So far it's the only airline that I am a fanatic for, and I hope that their culture isn't sold in a race for the bottom dollar.  I am pretty sure that Marty Davis bought Sun Country with a deep discount after the Petters Group Worldwide Fraud became known.   Full history with some financial information if you're interested. It obviously isn't a ""Big"" Airline, but I am still a big fan.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Country_Airlines"
"&gt;Me: ""they pay it as regular income rather than LTCG"" &gt;You: ""There's no LTCG tax on Roth accounts.""  Those two things aren't the same thing.  Among other problems, you were referring to tax-deferred accounts and I was referring to Roths.  &gt;Me: ""they pay it as regular income rather than LTCG"" &gt;You: ""You're only taxed once on the money""  Again, those are not the same thing.  There is no account out there where you would only pay LTCG tax.  So paying the tax as regular income RATHER than LTCG tax is not a concern.   &gt;Me: ""they pay it as regular income rather than LTCG"" &gt;You: ""The main advantage of 401ks is that you don't ever pay capital gains tax.""  Again, the word ""rather"" means there were two possible scenarios: paying regular income tax and paying LTCG tax.  This simply isn't true.   &gt;I never mentioned Roth or taxable funds   Well, those are the only alternatives to a tax-deferred account, so...  &gt;""Though what I said does also apply to Roth""  No it doesn't.    &gt;""But please, keep digging...""  Nothing to dig for.  This isn't a difficult concept but for whatever reason you clearly don't understand it."
Summarized article: The Department of Commerce reported that retail sales increased 1.1% in September, exceeding analysts' expectations.  The biggest jump in consumer spending came from car sales, gasoline and electronics. Electronic sales jumped 4.5%, likely due to the debut of Apple's iPhone 5. Additionally, higher gas prices led to 2.5% increase in spending at gas stations.   The latest report suggests the economy is expanding as consumer spending drives about 2/3 of the US economy.   Other data showed manufacturing activity in New York state shrank for the third straight month as US manufacturers feel the effects of a slowing global economy.   Shares rose and yields on government debt increased as the retail sales report bolstered investor sentiment.  * For more summarized news, subscribe to the [/r/SkimThat](http://www.reddit.com/r/SkimThat) subreddit
&gt; I do know Big Tobacco split their co's in half between domestic (US) and international operations due to the incredibly burdensome regulatory environment. It was holding back growth plans. There may be some of that here.  US Corps are also taxed on foreign earnings (unlike what other countries do).  Doing this probably raised their profits 20% on anywhere not called the USA.  Given that the domestic market for cigs is in constant decline, but not nearly as bad outside the US, it only makes sense to retain more earnings as the customer base shifts to strictly foreign.
"I laughed at this part:  *""The executive of the U.S. banking giant cited travels to countries such as France, Argentina, Israel and Ireland. The U.S. has become ""one of the most bureaucratic, confusing, litigious societies on the planet"" and ""it's hurting the average American that we don't have these right policies,"" he said.""*  Look - America is not ""the best country in the world.""  But compared to France, Argentina, Israel and Ireland I can say that we're doing OK.  France is the epitome of bureaucratic sclerosis.  Argentina has been in economic crisis mode for years.  As far as political dysfunction goes, Israel has its own problems with Zionist hardliners.  And as for Ireland, it takes more than making yourself a nexus for IP royalty collection.  A PO box is not a sustainable business model."
"GNUCash won't show 'Credit Card' type accounts in ""Process Payment"", as of v.2.6.1. A workaround is to create another  account of type A/Payable. Then, transfer the operations you want to pay via ""Process Payment"" to this new account. It should be visible now. A drawback is that you have split your current Credit Card debt, which makes it harder to track. Alternatively you may wish to only use this new account for all your credit card related expenses. Another alternative is processing payments for these purchases manually to keep the 'credit card' accounts consistent."
"&gt;The issue is they can't find people for what they want to pay  You are arguing effectively against your own position. In an age of double-digit unemployment and people scraping to survive, are you saying 100K isn't enough? What else do they have that is more attractive? McDonald's?  The truth is most ""Americans"" are not motivated, driven enough to take up STEM as a career. For the motivated, with sites such as Coursera, and tons of free resources, can self-train and self-learn. No need for Msft or Google training them = stop acting  like 5 year olds needing to be coddled."
In this example, Client A has to buy shares to return them to Client B for his sale (closing Client A's short position).  Client B then sells the shares.  The end result is there are no shares within the brokerage clientele anymore, so Client A can't borrow them anymore.    The broker is just an intermediary, they wouldn't go out and acquire securities on their own for the benefit of a client wanting to short it, as they would be taking on the risk of the opposite position.  This would be in addition to the risk they already take on when allowing people to short sell -- which is that Client A won't have the money to buy the shares it owes to Client B, in which case the broker has to make Client B whole.
"I was just going by [this](http://evonomics.com/amazon-accounting-corporate-profits-rich-peoples-income-invisible-bezos/) source and many like it.  They might not be reffering to _literal_ dividends but increased stock value.  Ultimately, I was responding to that idiot who said ""But a business making no profits to avoid tax is the worst tax planning advice I have ever seen!""..."
The strength of your plan is that you have considered that if you contribute early the the 401K you might not get the match, so you do stretch it out for the entire year..  One benefit to putting money into the HSA early is that it will be available if you need it early in the year if you have a major medical emergency in the first quarter. If you need to pay a $4,000 deductible in January because of Appendicitis you would hate to have to use post tax money to pay the bill. Of course If you have had the HSA for several years then this might not be a problem. If you haven't maxed the Roth IRA for 2013, you could make contributions to the IRA up until April 15 2014 to count for the previous year.  A risk with the HSA is if you leave your employer mid-year. You can keep the money, and use it for medical expenses, but if the new company doesn't have a an HSA/High Deductible plan you might have contributed too much.  The 401K, HSA, and IRA are annual limits. So if you will switch companies you are responsible for not going over the limit.
"The property tax valuation and the fair market price are NOT one and the same.  They track each other, correlate to each other, but are almost NEVER the same number. In some parts of the USA, a municipality has to re-assess property tax values every ten years.  In these places, the tax value of a property is on something like a 10-year moving average, NOT on the volatile daily market price. EDIT:  It is easy to fall into the ""trap"" of thinking that property tax valuation is intended to represent fair market value.  It's INTENT is to provide an accurate (or, as accurate as possible) RELATIVE VALUATION of your property compared to the other properties in the municipality. The sum of all the property values is the tax base of the municipality.  When the town budget (which is paid in part via property taxes) is set, the town simply divides the tax base into the budget total to arrive at the ratio of tax-to-collect, to the tax base, also called the ""tax rate per thousand dollars of valuation.""  i.e. if the town tax base is US$10,000,000, and the town budget is US$500,000, then the ratio is 0.05, or $50 per thousand dollars of valuation.  If your property is assessed at US$100,000, then you would pay 100 x $50, or $5000 in property taxes that year. Since this is the goal of the property tax valuation, NOT deciding what your house is worth on the open market, then we are left with the question of ""why use the market value of a house for property assessment?"" and the answer is that of all the various schemes and algorithms you can try, ""fair market value"" is the easiest and most accurate...IF TIME FLUCUTATIONS ARE TAKEN OUT.  For example, if I buy a house in a development for $250,000 today, and next summer the housing market crashes, and you buy the identical house next door to me for $150,000, it does NOT stand to reason that you should pay less taxes than me, because your house is ""worth"" $100,000 less.  In fact, BOTH our houses are worth $100,000 less. What matters most in property tax valuation isn't the actual number, but rather, is YOUR valuation the same as other essentially similar properties in your tax base?  Getting the RELATIVE ratio of value between you and your neighbors correct is the goal of property tax valuation."
r/shittydataisbeautiful/    The first 20 data points looks at his net worth on average every 2.25 yeras.  The last three data points look at it on average every 7.67 years.  I sure as hell hope his net worth grows by more every 7 years than every 2 years.  On top of that, this should be on a log scale as exponential growth is a pretty widely accepted concept of finance.
https://www.facebook.com/HyperinflatieVenezuela/  we have made a dutch facebook page about the hyper inflation in Venazuela. We would really aprichiate it if you could like it and check it out. even if you're not dutch becaus likes are a part of our grading
&gt; Consider someone like Mitt Romney, whose income in 2010 was $21.7 million. Even if Romney chose to live a much more indulgent lifestyle, he would spend only a fraction of that sum in a typical year to support himself and his wife in their several homes. But take the same amount of money and divide it among 500 people—say, in the form of jobs paying $43,400 apiece—and you’ll find that almost all of the money gets spent.  Romney invests his money in the market right? It's not sitting under the mattress, so isn't his investment another form of consumption and therefore demand?
Today, music and entertainment are the most important activity which makes the best wedding, children’s party or any other event. Hiring a DJ service can be a very difficult task, but you can just chill! We will provide you best Dj service in Northampton. If you want to Children DJ for your baby birthday party, then you can visit our website and contact us. We will provide you DJ service at commit time. You can assure yourself that you can face the situation with us.
One of my ex-employers stateside had a BES policy that disabled Push after 8PM each night weeknights and all weekend long. Was pretty neat. Too bad their IT people also decided to twiddle every BES bit they could find including encryption, memory scrubbing while idle, disabling USB mass-storage mode, and disabling MMS. We finally got them to reverse the USB mass-storage gaffe but they left encryption turned on for the SD card so if the phone died, your data on SD was gone.  This whole employer/personal phone thing is a tough nut to crack. Solutions will be interesting to see. I like one paradigm on Android phones, installing a third-party Outlook replacement such as RoadSync (not a plug, it's just one I found that had features I liked, the UI is actually kinda weird, using radio buttons in e-mail lists that also act as checkboxes and whatnot) and have the third-party Outlook replacement enforce necessary Exchange policy on the application itself, if the app gets wiped, the app loses its data but user data is left intact. The neat thing I like about such software is most has scheduling, so YOU can control when you want it to stop checking e-mail. Mine stops in the evening and weekends and starts back up in the morning.  Nokia had a pseudo-interesting method where you could have a home profile and a work profile but that mostly controlled ringtones, etc.  Some have suggested doing a hypervisor scheme where you run two OSes concurrently and one is work, one is personal...it's a tough situation. Employers want to maintain a vice grip on their data, but people don't want an electronic tether, as it were. Carrying two devices for most people is impractical.  Silly world with your technology.
If you can make enough ROI from the capital you retain by not paying off your mortgage, then why not? I do, I could pay off a significant chunk of mortgage if I wanted but whilst interest rates are low there's little incentive. As for another crash... Well, there's no reason to expect a crash would result in high interest rates, more the opposite, but you should consider what you would or could do if interest rates did jump to 15% for whatever reason. As long as your investments aren't too risky or difficult to liquidate, etc, you could always consider paying off a big chunk then, when it makes sense.
Because your profit from the capital IS 100 quid. Capital gains is not like running a business and doesn't come with tax deductions. It's up to you to pick saving scheme that maximizes your profit (either via low costs or highest possible rate).
"Good question.  And it depends a bit on your current plan, your future income, and the plan you are moving too. Mostly you want to roll out of your existing 401K.  There will likely be a fee, and your investment choices are limited.  You will want to do a direct transfer, and going with a quality company such as Fidelity or Vanguard.  Both of those have zero fees for accounts and pretty good customer service. However, if your future income is likely to be high there is something else to consider.  If you are over the limits do a ROTH, and are considering doing a ""Backdoor ROTH"" a key success for this strategy is keeping your roll over IRA balance low (or zero).   So you may want to either leave the 401K where it is, or roll it to your new 401K plan.  In that case you will have to call the two 401K custodians, and select the best choice as far as fees and fund choice."
I said the point is to create value. For a growth company, the best way to create value is to reinvest cash in the business and grow the company so that they can have larger earnings and therefore larger dividends in the future.  For a company like Apple, which is no longer a growth company, they should be distributing earnings instead of hoarding them and essentially buying treasuries on their shareholders' behalf.
If PayPal won't accept the VCC number, then by definition you can't do this. If you want to know whether there's a way to get special permission or bypass that restriction... I'm afraid the right thing to do is ask PayPal. Yes, I know their customer support is awful, but this is a classic customer support question, and they know the internals of their system better than any of us possibly could.
"To answer length validity and security implications of draft checks issued and negotiated within the United States, I am heavily addressing the common erroneous assumptions of where the funds sit while they're ""in"" a draft check and how to get them out. Tl;Dr The existing answers are incomplete and in some ways dangerously misleading. Jerry can still be potentially defrauded by Tom, and even if the check is legitimately drawn and negotiable, Jerry may still experience delayed access to the funds. The funds sit in an account held by the issuing bank. As long as the bank has sufficient funds, the check does. However, there are significantly more factors that go into whether a check will be returned unpaid (""bounce""). If I hand you $5000 in cash, will you give me $5000 in cash? Probably, and you'd probably be pretty safe. How about I give you a $5000 draft check, will you give me $5000 in cash without doing anything except looking at it to verify the check? I hope not (Cash America sure wouldn't) but people sell expensive goods with the ""same as cash"" attitude. Remember: The only non-cash form of payment which cannot somehow be held, reversed or returned unpaid in the U.S. without consent of the receiving party is a payment order (a.k.a wire transfer)! The draft check is ""as good as cash"" in the sense that the money for a draft check is withdrawn from your account before the check is negotiated (deposited). This does NOT mean that a draft check will not bounce, so Jerry is NOT as secure in handing the goods to Tom as if Tom had handed him cash, as it is still a check. Jerry's bank will not receive the funds for Tom's draft check for an average 3 to 5 business days, same as a personal check. Jerry will probably have access to the first $5000 within two business days... provided that he deposits the draft check in person at his bank's branch or in a bank-owned ATM. In the United States, Regulation CC governs funds availability. Regarding official, draft, or tellers checks: ""If the customer desires next-day availability of funds from these checks, [your bank] may require use of a special deposit slip.""  Mobile deposit availability in the U.S. is NOT regulated in this way and will likely be subject to a longer hold on more, if not all, of the check! Draft checks, don't, as a habit, ""bounce"" in the colloquial sense of ""returned for insufficient funds."" This is because they are prepaid and drawn upon a financial institution's account. Banks are insolvent far less frequently than other businesses or individuals. Draft checks, tellers checks, official checks, bank checks, etc CAN, however, be returned unpaid if one of the following is true: As an aside: an institution is not obligated to honor a stale dated check, but may do so at its discretion. If you have a personal check outstanding for over 6 months, it may still clear and potentially overdraw your account. In this case, contact your bank ASAP to process a reversal. The depositing bank mis-scans the check and the issuing bank refuses the resulting data. I have seen systems mis-read which data field is which, or its contents. Also, there is the possibility the image if the check will be illegible to the issuing bank. The draft check has been cancelled (stop paid). This can happen if:  a) The check was fraudulently bought from the issuing bank using Tom's account  b) Tom has completed an indemnification agreement that the check was lost or otherwise not used for its intended purpose, without fraud having occurred against Tom c) The draft check is escheated (paid to the state as unclaimed property). This case is a subset of case 1, but will lead to a different return reason stamped on the (image replacement document of) the check. The draft check was never any good in the first place. Because of the perception that draft checks are as good as cash (they're not but are a lot better than personal checks), forgery and attempted fraud is shockingly common. These aren't actually underwritten by a real bank, even if they appear to be. The only money ""in"" them is what the fraudster can get out of you. Jerry did not properly endorse the check before presenting it for deposit or otherwise negotiating it. In my time in banking, I most commonly saw cases 3 and 4. Unlike most counterfeit cash, case 3 will fool Jerry and Jerry's teller. Tom gets an immediate payout (a car, a wire transfer, a payday loan, etc) and Jerry's bank doesn't know the check isn't valid until they call the alleged issuing bank to verify its negotiability, or in the case of smaller checks into lower-risk accounts, it is simply returned unpaid as fraudulently drawn. To conclude: Call the alleged issuing bank's verification line before handing over the goods, always properly endorse your deposits, and address what happens if one does not receive or collect on prompt payment in your contracts."
Form 1127 (updated link) should be filed in paper (with the supporting documents) to the IRS office that has jurisdiction in the area where you live. From the instructions (see the link above):  File Form 1127 with the Internal Revenue Service (Attn: Advisory Group   Manager), for the area where you maintain your legal residence or   principal place of business. See Pub. 4235, Collection Advisory Group   Addresses, to find the address for your local advisory group. However, if the tax due is a gift tax reportable on Form 709, send Form 1127   to: Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service Center Cincinnati, OH 45999
Nolube's brain is in his bowels. green-light is pissed as hell. I hope that guy I told to buy it in investing did so. I suggested he sell half at $5.60 then put a stop loss on the rest at $5.30. That was a very conservative idea, but I didn't know his risk scenario.
They want my online banking username and password. I don't know if it's a scam. It can't be any more obvious than that. Never, ever, ever, ever, ever, EVER give your online banking password to ANYONE. Not your lawyer, not your bank's local branch manager, not your best friend, not your wife, not your mother, and certainly not some random person on the street/Facebook/the Internet.
Apply as many deductions as you are legally entitled to. Those are taxes you may never ever pay.  Then turn around and put any more monies above the maximum retirement contributions into a taxable account. But this time invest in tax efficient investments. For example, VTI or SPY will incur very minimal taxes and when you withdraw, it will be at lower tax rate (based on current tax laws). Just as you diversify your investments, you also want to diversify your taxes.
Sure these groups suck ass but Paypal should act as a utility. Otherwise where do you draw the line? Do all businesses become politically driven entities? Do lobbyists start drilling for dirt and reasons to pull services form their competitors, or even make it up? I get **this** is good, and usually I'm not a fan of the slippery slope style arguement, though in this situation for what is largely an essential service it seems valid.
Wayshopy -  Tech Mech Mechanical Vehicle Jack has Small compact design which makes it easy for storing. It is Ideal for emergency roadside repairs, and as a replacement to that missing jack. Lift your car and easily change the flat tyre with no special requirement of strength &amp; provides a quick operation. It is Reliable &amp; portable. This powerful jack is designed in such a manner that makes it easy to lift your vehicle and to easily change the flat wheel of your car.
I know it's not called SAC anymore because they had to change it once they went private, no one knows them by their new name so I still refer to then by SAC. Oh and that last comment was cute, I proved you wrong and I'm the dipshit for writing an irrelevant comment, your going places in life...hahaha
"Their algorithm may be different (and proprietary), but how I would to it is to assume that daily changes in the stock are distributed normally (meaning the probability distribution is a ""bell curve"" - the green area in your chart).  I would then calculate the average and standard deviation (volatility) of historical returns to determine the center and width of the bell curve (calibrating it to expected returns and implied volaility based on option prices), then use standard formulas for lognormal distributions to calculate the probability of the price exceeding the strike price. So there are many assumptions involved, and in the end it's just a probability, so there's no way to know if it's right or wrong - either the stock will cross the strike or it won't."
"Excuse me for not giving full and unswerving defference in matters financial to a guy who was found with, ""drugs in his pocket, a rope around his neck that was tied to his genitals, and a sex toy in his boot.."".  In Central Park. Any argument this journalist putz makes is immediatley invalidated by his actions. Here's the link: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/04/18/richard-quest-cnn-reporte_n_97466.html"
They are behind in speed and specs but nlt design and functionality.  I prefer my girlfriends 2 year old xperia arc to my dual core motorola. The sony is only a bit slower but takes way better photos is much more comfortable to use has amazing headphone jack sound quality and gets great battery life.  also the screen is like 100 times better.  The motorola is basically. .. Just   little faster.   But the arc is perfectly fast.     So yes they are a bit behind but priced reasonably.
Yes. I'm saying that in 2017 we have both cheaper and safer souces of energy than burning dead dinosaurs. But that's an overstatement. The market has already spoken and the coal jobs are not coming back despite what dear leader has told you.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://phys.org/news/2017-04-money-wealthy-wealthier-carbon-emissions.html) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Across the U.S., state-level carbon emissions are higher in states where income is more highly concentrated among the wealthiest residents, according to a new study by two Boston College researchers.  &gt; The study, by sociologists Andrew Jorgenson and Juliet Schor, is the first to link income inequality and carbon emissions within and across the individual U.S. states.  &gt; &amp;quot;What we find here in the context of income inequality and carbon emissions is that it&amp;#039;s about the concentration of income at the top of the distribution,&amp;quot; said Jorgenson.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6jrt4w/money_to_burn_as_the_wealthy_get_wealthier_carbon/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~153695 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **income**^#1 **carbon**^#2 **state**^#3 **U.S.**^#4 **inequality**^#5"
The rights to the future merchandising alone will make a profitable return on the purchase. Not to mention the new trilogy and a brand new theme park to go with it.   I honestly have no idea how you came to the conclusion you did, unless you're somehow of the opinion that Star Wars is a passing fad.
Some folks are speculating that they did this to propagate the Amazon Go technology, which I don't think WFM customers would like very much (shopping at Whole Foods is a social experience). Others have even speculated it's a deal to acquire more real estate. Seems to me like they just took over the grocery-delivery space. And they'll probably crush it. There's a Whole Foods about five blocks from my house, but when I'm drunk and having a party I'd rather not get in the car to pick up more charcuterie or wine. Would be dope if I could get a quick delivery whose extra costs were covered by my prime membership.
The equation you show is correct, you've simply pointed out that you understand that you buy at the 'ask' price, and later sell at the 'bid.' There is no bid/ask on the S&P, as you can't trade it directly.  You have a few alternatives, however - you can trade SPY, the (most well known) S&P ETF whose price reflects 1/10 the value or VOO (Vanguard's offering) as well as others. Each of these ETFs gives you a bid/ask during market hours. They trade like a stock, have shares that are reasonably priced, and are optionable.  To trade the index itself, you need to trade the futures. S&P 500 Futures and Options is the CME Group's brief info guide on standard and mini contracts.  Welcome to SE.
I missed the data about rich parents, maybe you can point that out to me  &gt;Data from the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor show that more than 80% of funding for new businesses comes from personal savings and friends and family.  Yes, life is a lottery and successful people are just lucky and if you are a loser it's not your fault.
I know an old retired Asian couple that each have 2 pensions. They worked from their teens and worked their asses off. The wife still works as a part time consultant because her second job was so specialized and she gets bored at home very easy. I saw their finances once and its just on a level I've never seen before or since. It's like they planned ~6 decades of their lives as teens and they stuck with the plan
A lot of our people work from home so conference calls are nice and quick. Lots of beeps when people who are finished with their part hang up too. From my experience this is a brick and mortar workplace phenomenon. Remote employees dont care about hanging around for nothing.
I thought we could have a friendly conversation, but it seems like this went out the window; I feel very comfortable given that 4 of my years at my current firms were about analyzing those fees and how open each of the firms are open about the rebates Prices, as well as exchanges having the same openness about it.   The current volume intraday is around 5.6B shares traded; when it used to be 100 times bigger around 2010; you do not make a significant part of money with the lack of volitality and volume on the markets today. The author is just a sheltered university teacher that does not seem to know what reality looks like, and you seem to protect him which speaks volume about you as well.
HSA accounts come with various rules intended to ensure that the pre-tax money you have opted to put into your HSA account is indeed used for appropriate purposes. Most employers don't handle these accounts in-house but contract with a company or bank who offers to take care of the details and the necessary accounting: the money is simply sent to the bank, and it is the bank that is responsible for ensuring that the money is indeed used appropriately. Now, if you say that you want Wells Fargo (to pick another bank as an example) to handle your HSA account, the  employer will likely need to have a  contract with Wells Fargo too, and Wells Fargo will charge you fees to handle  the account also.  Whether you will be any happier with Wells Fargo's fees for a one-off HSA account versus Chase's fees where a (smaller) bulk rate might be charged is something that you should find out before approaching your employer with a request to have Wells Fargo handle your HSA account.
It all depends on whether you can manage your money or not. Many people are incapable of doing so in a responsible way. Like any service, you get what you pay for -- active management costs money!
Which is generally the better option (financially)? Invest. If you can return 7-8% (less than the historical return of the S&P 500) on your money over the course of 25 years this will outperform purchasing personal property. If you WANT to own a house for other reason apart from the financial benefits then buy a house. Will you earn 7-8% on your money, there is a pretty good chance this is no because investors are prone to act emotionally.
We should be commending this behavior. Pink mustaches are ugly and a blight on my city's landscape. Stupid, whimsical companies deserve to fail, hard, onto their face.   tl;dr - can't wait for uber to slip the knife in and kill this travesty for good.
Imagine how foolish the people that bought Apple at $100 must have felt. It was up tenfold for the $10 it traded at just years prior, how could it go any higher?  Stocks have no memory. A stock's earnings may grow and justify the new higher price people are willing to pay. When FB came public, I remarked how I'd analyze the price and felt it was overvalued until its earnings came up. Just because it's gone down ever since, doesn't make it a buy, yet.
In a year with no income, the best advice is to convert existing IRA money to Roth. This lets you take advantage of the 'zero' bracket, the combination of your exemption and standard deduction. This adds to $10,300 for a single person.  Other than that, if you are determined to take the money out, just do it. There would be a 10% penalty of the growth, but the original deposit comes out tax free anyway.  Edit - There's a rule that if you sell your entire Roth account (i.e. all Roth accounts, you can't pick one of a few) and have a loss, you can take that loss. (Per Dilip's comment, this strategy is pretty moot, it's not a loss taken against other income as a stock loss would potentially be))
Assuming you're in the US, you can also access CPI for major cities / regions. The  US Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) publishes a PDF each month with details on how prices of services, food, and other goods has increased or decreased: http://www.bls.gov/cpi/tables.htm
"Defining parity as ""parity is the amount by which an option is in the money"", I'd say there may be an arbitrage opportunity. If there's a $50 strike on a stock valued at $60 that I can buy for less than $10, there's an opportunity.  Keep in mind, options often show high spreads, my example above might show a bid/ask of $9.75/$10.25, in which case the last trade of $9.50 should be ignored in favor of the actual ask price you'd pay.  Mispricing can exist, but in this day and age, is far less likely."
The CCAPM attempts to link asset prices/equity risk premiums to the 'intertemporal substitution of consumption' instead of the normal beta. So essentially what it's trying to say is you prefer to smooth consumption, you hate volatile consumption patterns, therefore you demand higher returns in booms and will settle for lower returns in downturns. (It may sound counter-intuitive at first, but think in terms of marginal utilities, in booms your marginal utility is lower as you're already well off, therefore you demand more of an asset).   The CCAPM tries to link asset prices to real economic theory (consumption) whereas CAPM is derived from the assumption that investors only care about mean and variance of returns (no real link to the real side of the economy).   There are almost no real world applications for the CCAPM. Empirically it is almost a complete failure, complex extensions have only gotten it so far, see the 'equity premium puzzle' by Mehra and Prescott (1985).
Good news: the car is so heavily reserved you won't be able to buy it for 2 or 3 years. The Beta should be over then.  And did the X get terrible reviews by Consumer reports? Yes. Is it because of crazy shit like it's Gull Wing doors? Does the M3 have that? Not at all.
"I have been working and studying at the same time since I was 13... for all purposes, when I finished high school, I was working and studying part time... until I got my B.Sc in Computer Science and Masters in Business Administration (MBA)... developed my career and now I am a senior executive making excellent money and supervising many people.  In retrospect, my degrees did not help me at all in my career in the sense that did not teach me anything of significance for real work and career life, nor did they lend me my first jobs. **Colleges and universities are mostly to find who is better in studying... in the hope that if they study well, they will do well in their career... because they can study well.** Mostly not true and does not work this way!    However(!!!), without a degree (piece of paper), I could not advance to my current position because ""degree required for this position"".  One more thing, very important: when I studied for my MBA, and worked full(!) time, I had no choice but to take night classes (City University of NY, Baruch College, one of the best business schools in the country). **This was the best experience I had in all the of my college studies!** Why? Because all(!) the professors who teach in the night were working in the morning in their normal jobs - none of them were tenured professors.  They were real business people, grounded, know what they are talking about, and they were teaching because they loved to teach and share the experience and knowledge. **Do you understand what I am saying here?**  So, I did not get the theoretical nonsense from them. They actually taught us what really happens, the real approach to things, and the real issues to address.  P/S: My son is following my way. Since he was 11, he works in the areas he like (Minecraft) and he made money since then, running classes, getting to know people in the field, getting experience, getting work ethics, etc. If he wants to go to Harvard, fine with me, but I think he just need to go to ""reasonable"" low cost college to get those pieces of papers called ""Diplomas""."
There are a few company they can help you open an offshore account. I searched and found rtrsupportslimited.com on another discussion forum. It is a company which does the exact same thing. I got my own company incorporation and bank account from them.
Jason McDowell is a dog breeder specializing in breeding dogs or various breeds. You can bring home the puppy you always wanted by choosing from our selection of puppies. Jason McDowell not only breeds dogs, he also trains them to provide a puppy that is well behaved and friendly.
Sorry, you cannot transfer EPF into PPF. The investments in PPF are limited to 150,000 per year. Withdrawal is in 7th year, i.e. After completion of 6 financial years. 50% of the Balance of 4th year can be withdrawn. 2.Withdraw the money and find a new form of investment. This is definitely possible. A lump sum investment into NPS [New Pension Scheme] or various Retirement schemes, or equity / real estate etc Is there any other 3rd solution for this situation? Keep the money AS-IS as the money will still continue to grow. The interest is stop getting accrued after 3 years of NO contribution. Within 36 months if an account will not get any deposit then it will be considered as dormant/inactive account. So you can wait for sometime before you decide to withdraw.
Yea, people just don't get it. This is how much it costs to run and promote events. The reason Ticketmaster exists as a so-called monopoly is because local/regional promoters were getting killed by poor attendance on too many shows. So Ticketmaster came into existence because they were spreading the losses/profits of individual shows across the national spectrum. Additionally, bands started to ask for more and more money (in the form of upfront guarantees), and this has worsened since CD sales have collapsed and touring is their primary form of income.
Its hard to write much in those comment boxes, so I'll just make an answer, although its really not a formal answer. Regarding commissions, it costs me $5 per trade, so that's actually $10 per trade ($5 to buy, $5 to sell).  An ETF like TNA ($58 per share currently) fluctuates $1 or $2 per day.  IXC is $40 per share and fluctuates nearly 50 cents per day (a little less).  So to make any decent money per trade would mean a share size of 50 shares TNA which means I need $2900 in cash (TNA is not marginable). If it goes up $1 and I sell, that's $10 for the broker and $40 for me.  I would consider this to be the minimum share size for TNA.  For IXC, 100 shares would cost me $4000 / 2 = $2000 since IXC is marginable.  If IXC goes up 50 cents, that's $10 for the broker and $40 for me.  IXC also pays a decent dividend.  TNA does not.  You'll notice the amount of cash needed to capture these gains is roughly the same. (Actually, to capture daily moves in IXC, you'll need a bit more than $2000 because it doesn't vary quite a full 50 cents each day). At first, I thought you were describing range trading or stock channeling, but those systems require stop losses when the range or channel is broken.  You're now talking about holding forever until you get 1 or 2 points of profit.  Therefore, I wouldn't trade stocks at all.  Stocks could go to zero, ETFs will not.  It seems to me you're looking for a way to generate small, consistent returns and you're not seeking to strike it rich in one trade.  Therefore, buying something that pays a dividend would be a good idea if you plan to hold forever while waiting for your 1 or 2 points. In your system you're also going to have to define when to get back in the trade.  If you buy IXC now at $40 and it goes to $41 and you sell, do you wait for it to come back to $40?  What if it never does?  Are you happy with having only made one trade for $40 profit in your lifetime?  What if it goes up to $45 and then dips to $42, do you buy at $42?  If so, what stops you from eventually buying at the tippy top?  Or even worse, what stops you from feeling even more confident at the top and buying bigger lots?  If it gets to $49, surely it will cover that last buck to $50, right? /sarc What if you bought IXC at $40 and it went down.  Now what?  Do you take up gardening as a hobby while waiting for IXC to come back?  Do you buy more at lower prices and average down?  Do you find other stocks to trade?  If so, how long until you run out of money and you start getting margin calls?  Then you'll be forced to sell at the bottom when you should be buying more. All these systems seem easy, but when you actually get in there and try to use them, you'll find they're not so easy.  Anything that is obvious, won't work anymore.  And even when you find something that is obvious and bet that it stops working, you'll be wrong then too.  The thing is, if you think of it, many others just like you also think of it... therefore it can't work because everyone can't make money in stocks just like everyone at the poker table can't make money.  If you can make 1% or 2% per day on your money, that's actually quite good and not too many people can do that.  Or maybe its better to say, if you can make 2% per trade, and not take a 50% loss per 10 trades, you're doing quite well. If you make $40 per trade profit while working with $2-3k and you do that 50 times per year (50 trades is not a lot in a year), you've doubled your money for the year.  Who does that on a consistent basis?  To expect that kind of performance is just unrealistic.  It much easier to earn $2k with $100k than it is to double $2k in a year.  In stocks, money flows TO those who have it and FROM those who don't. You have to plan for all possibilities, form a system then stick to it, and not take on too much risk or expect big (unrealistic) rewards. Daytrading You make 4 roundtrips in 5 days, that broker labels you a pattern daytrader.  Once you're labeled, its for life at that brokerage.  If you switch to a new broker, the new broker doesn't know your dealings with the old broker, therefore you'll have to establish a new pattern with the new broker in order to be labeled.  If the SEC were to ask, the broker would have to say 'yes' or 'no' concering if you established a pattern of daytrading at that brokerage. Suppose you make the 4 roundtrips and then you make a 5th that triggers the call.  The broker will call you up and say you either need to deposit enough to bring your account to $25k or you need to never make another daytrade at that firm... ever!  That's the only warning you'll ever get.  If you're in violation again, they lock your account to closing positions until you send in funds to bring the balance up to $25k.  All you need to do is have the money hit your account, you can take it right back out again.  Once your account has $25k, you're allowed to trade again.... even if you remove $15k of it that same day.  If you trigger the call again, you have to send the $15k back in, then take it back out. Having the label is not all bad... they give you 4x margin.  So with $25k, you can buy $100k of marginable stock.  I don't know... that could be a bad thing too.  You could get a margin call at the end of the day for owning $100k of stock when you're only allowed to own $50k overnight.  I believe that's a fed call and its a pretty big deal.
Originally dollars were exchangeable for specie at any time, provided you went to a govt exchange. under Bretton Woods this was a generally fixed rate, but regardless there existed a spread on gold. This ceased to be the case in 71 when the Nixon shock broke  Bretton woods.
True but I also hate when companies try to sell me products.  When I watch a documentary I want to see little bias (there is always some).  This guy uses sensational reporting to try and sell viewers on the notion that everything from an animal is terrible for you and plant foods are the only possible solution.  It's a load of shit just the same way weight loss pills are a load of shit.      My issue is that it's a documentary not a fucking ad. The dude isn't even subtle about his bullshit so he has absolutely no credibility in my eyes.  He presents veganism like he's trying to convert you to a religion (which I understand it basically is for many).
"Great question. There are several reasons; I'm going to list the few that I can think of off the top of my head right now. First, even if institutional bank holdings in such a term account are covered by deposit insurance (this, as well as the amount covered, varies geographically), the amount covered is generally trivial when seen in the context of bank holdings. An individual might have on the order of $1,000 - $10,000 in such an account; for a bank, that's basically chump change, and you are looking more at numbers in the millions of dollars range. Sometimes a lot more than that. For a large bank, even hundreds of millions of dollars might be a relatively small portion of their holdings. The 2011 Goldman Sachs annual report (I just pulled a big bank out of thin air, here; no affiliation with them that I know of) states that as of December 2011, their excess liquidity was 171,581 million US dollars (over 170 billion dollars), with a bottom line total assets of $923,225 million (a shade under a trillion dollars) book value. Good luck finding a bank that will pay you 4% interest on even a fraction of such an amount. GS' income before tax in 2011 was a shade under 6.2 billion dollars; 4% on 170 billion dollars is 6.8 billion dollars. That is, the interest payments at such a rate on their excess liquidity alone would have cost more than they themselves made in the entire year, which is completely unsustainable. Government bonds are as guaranteed as deposit-insurance-covered bank accounts (it'll be the government that steps in and pays the guaranteed amount, quite possibly issuing bonds to cover the cost), but (assuming the country does not default on its debt, which happens from time to time) you will get back the entire amount plus interest. For a deposit-insured bank account of any kind, you are only guaranteed (to the extent that one can guarantee anything) the maximum amount in the country's bank deposit insurance; I believe in most countries, this is at best on the order of $100,000. If the bank where the money is kept goes bankrupt, for holdings on the order of what banks deal with, you would be extremely lucky to recover even a few percent of the principal. Government bonds are also generally accepted as collateral for the bank's own loans, which can make a difference when you need to raise more money in short order because a large customer decided to withdraw a big pile of cash from their account, maybe to buy stocks or bonds themselves. Government bonds are generally liquid. That is, they aren't just issued by the government, held to maturity while paying interest, and then returned (electronically, these days) in return for their face value in cash. Government bonds are bought and sold on the ""secondary market"" as well, where they are traded in very much the same way as public company stocks. If banks started simply depositing money with each other, all else aside, then what would happen? Keep in mind that the interest rate is basically the price of money. Supply-and-demand would dictate that if you get a huge inflow of capital, you can lower the interest rate paid on that capital. Banks don't pay high interest (and certainly wouldn't do so to each other) because of their intristic good will; they pay high interest because they cannot secure capital funding at lower rates. This is a large reason why the large banks will generally pay much lower interest rates than smaller niche banks; the larger banks are seen as more reliable in the bond market, so are able to get funding more cheaply by issuing bonds. Individuals will often buy bonds for the perceived safety. Depending on how much money you are dealing with (sold a large house recently?) it is quite possible even for individuals to hit the ceiling on deposit insurance, and for any of a number of reasons they might not feel comfortable putting the money in the stock market. Buying government bonds then becomes a relatively attractive option -- you get a slightly lower return than you might be able to get in a high-interest savings account, but you are virtually guaranteed return of the entire principal if the bond is held to maturity. On the other hand, it might not be the case that you will get the entire principal back if the bank paying the high interest gets into financial trouble or even bankruptcy. Some people have personal or systemic objections toward banks, limiting their willingness to deposit large amounts of money with them. And of course in some cases, such as for example retirement savings, it might not even be possible to simply stash the money in a savings account, in which case bonds of some kind is your only option if you want a purely interest-bearing investment."
Just use a credit card like AMEX Blue that categorizes your purchases, and reconcile at the end of the month. There is no good reason to use a debit card.
Ah, my bad! You are refering to the study's methodology, right?  In the introduction of the study, they mentioned that several countries have repealed their wealth tax, so I got the understanding that they used those instances as exogenous events from which they could draw conclusion.  Upon reading more carefully, it does indeed seem like this study did a cross sectional study over time instead.
I am going to add in an opinion here from the Wall Street Journal that I read this morning in What's at Stake in the Greek Vote, in light of current events and elections in Greece. The article claims that if the election results make it sound like a break from the Euro is imminent then ... we will see a full-fledged bank run. Greek banks would collapse ... The market exchange-rate would likely be two or three drachmas to the euro, which would double or triple the Greek price of imported goods within a few days. Prices of assets, including real-estate assets, would crumble. Those who moved their deposits abroad would be able to buy these assets cheaply, leading to a significant, regressive redistribution of Greek wealth. In short, you'd lose two-thirds of your savings unless you were storing them somewhere safe from the conversion. The article also predicts difficulty importing goods (other nations will demand to be paid in euro, not drachma) leading to disruption of trade and various supply shortages.  I will note that the predictions here seem to be in opposition to some other advice here which suggests that real estate will be an effective hedge.
Go the opposite approach.  Budget a certain amount of cash and keep it combined.  Don't exceed it (but next time budget more if you need to).   If you were in the USA (where card acceptance is near universal) what I do is simply use my visa check card for all purchases and download it to my personal finance software, where you can assign categories.
If you suffer from ankle or foot pain, you need to visit Preferred Foot and Ankle Specialist Gilbert AZ. Recommending Dr. Mikkel Jarman, DPM, Gilbert Podiatrist. Contact 480 497-3946 or PreferredFootAnkle.com. He's considered one of the very best Gilbert AZ Foot Doctors offering effective relief.
Facebook is currently the most often visited site on the web. So it only follows that we as marketers should take full advantage of all the promotional possibilities it offers.  Facebook adder software makes it super simple to market to whatever demographic you’re marketing to as well as whatever niche you’re tapping into.  Currently you’ll find that there are several tools out there that are used for sending out multiple friend requests at a time. Yet although, there are a relatively large number that will actually get the job done, only smaller fraction of these types of programs can perform this action without getting your account banned.  Facebook is fairly vigilant with respect to their methods of detecting spam. Therefore, if you decide to use an automated process to build your fan page, you must be somewhat strategic in your methodology. The application you use, must allow you to easily set things such as how many friend request you can make and over what period of time you can make them. You should try to keep the number of friend request per day under 50, because  sending out 100′s of request per day will surely get you banned.
Yes, any company can go under. SIPC offers a level of protection. They don't guarantee against stocks dropping, but will replace stocks that you owned, but the broker stole from you. (overgeneralization). There's a $500K limit, with $250K max in cash.
I do not fully understand the transactions involved, but it appears that there was a reverse stock split (20:1) and some legal status change as well on June 29th. This seems to be the cause for the change in valuation of the stock as the dates match the drop. https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/RMSLD/filings
"Articles like this are the reason why nothing will ever change. Accusing Walmart of ""refusing"" to raise wages and ""abusing"" its employees is what you say when you're a small time blogger that just wants hits."
There are 2 schools of thought in determining the price of a future contract in a day prior to expiration.  The cost of carry model, states that the price of a future contract today is the spot price plus the cost of carrying the underlying asset until expiration minus the return that can be obtained from carrying the underlying asset.  FuturePrice = SpotPrice + (CarryCost - CarryReturn)  The expectancy model, states that the price of the futures contract depends on the expectation about the spot market's price in the future. In this case, the price of the future contract will diverge from the spot price depending on how much the price is expected to rise or fall before expiration.  A few glossary terms: cost of carry For physical commodities such as grains and metals, the cost of   storage space, insurance, and finance charges incurred by holding a   physical commodity. In interest rate futures markets, it refers to the   differential between the yield on a cash instrument and the cost of   funds necessary to buy the instrument. Also referred to as carrying   charge. spot price  The price at which a physical commodity for immediate   delivery is selling at a given time and place. The cash price.
At the very least you should invest as much as you can that your employer will match, as they are basically giving you free money for saving. After that I would prioritize a Roth IRA as that offers similar tax benefits with more liquidity. Provided you have enough money available in your emergency fund and have plenty for everyday expenses I see no reason not to max out your 401k after that if you can afford it. However, if your emergency fund is lacking, be sure to put some there. Other investments like a 529 may come into play if you have kids you plan on sending to college, but it all depends on your situation.
Hey should I be networking? Haha okay thank you very much! I’ll follow this advice to a tee. I just signed up for WSO and going to do more research. What exactly do you mean by technicals? Just the ins and outs of IB?   We have a platform that gets me in touch with the alumni. I’ll get on that and get in contact with everyone. Thank you very much!!
Bonds provide protections against stock market crashes, diversity and returns as the other posters have said but the primary reason to invest in bonds is to receive relatively guaranteed income. By that I mean you receive regular payments as long as the debtor doesn't go bankrupt and stop paying. Even when this happens, bondholders are the first in line to get paid from the sale of the business's assets. This also makes them less risky. Stocks don't guarantee income and shareholders are last in line to get paid. When a stock goes to zero, you lose everything, where as a bondholder will get some face value redemption to the notes issue price and still keep all the previous income payments. In addition, you can use your bond income to buy more shares of stock and increase your gains there.
Yes millennials are your problem... Do your damn job and make your business better or leave.  I am a millennial who used to go to BWW all the time when I was in college, but now I realize the wings are always dry no matter where I go... Make the food better
What you found is that when your were on website X on day y when you clicked on the link they told you to buy 7 stocks and you performed an experiment, but the values went down. Somebody else on website A on day B saw a lightly different list, they may have been flat. But if you were on website W on day D that list hit the jackpot. Which of the three decided that the people running the ad knew what they were talking about? They could have tailored the list based on the nature of the website. Sports and recreation ones on ESPN, high tech on a computer focus site. They could have varied the size of the lit, they could have varied the way they described their analysis. They could have even varied the name of the expert to make it sound familiar or authoritative.  What you found was a marketing plan. It may have been a scam, or it may have been just a way to try and convince you they know what they were doing. If you clicked on the wrong list, they probably lost you as a potential customer, unless you can convince yourself that they were close, and deserve a second look....
"You are missing the point.   He is richer than if the note had never been issued. So are his employees, the people they bought stuff from, the people those people bought stuff from, etc etc...  But the shoe-maker is still poorer than he was the day before the fire hit, and not because anyone else ""took it from him"", in the sense that they have his money.   Money is debt owed to the bearer. When that debt becomes unrecoverable, the money is gone."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.businessinsider.com/basic-income-would-grow-gdp-by-trillions-study-finds-2017-8) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Conducted by the left-leaning Roosevelt Institute, the study investigated three strategies for implementing basic income, a form of wealth distribution that involves giving everyone a standard salary just for being alive.  &gt; Proponents of basic income say it would reduce or even eliminate poverty, while skeptics say it could erase people&amp;#039;s motivations to keep working, possibly ruining the economy instead of improving it.  &gt; The three basic incomes proposed by the study were $1,000 paid monthly to every US adult; $500 paid monthly to every US adult; and $250 paid monthly to every US child.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6zfh4r/giving_every_american_12000_a_year_in_free_money/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~207966 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **basic**^#1 **income**^#2 **study**^#3 **year**^#4 **every**^#5"
"If any creditor thinks they're going to put their fuck up on my ""identity"" they got on another thing coming. I will not waste my time clearing up my credit score, I will not waste my time electronically verifying my identity, they will see a certified letter, and then they'll see me personaly in a court room."
Work for a bank (ultra high net worth individuals). We will do advised lines of credit (we have to approve every draw) secured by a portfolio of art. Slightly better pricing than if it were unsecured, but we will do higher loan amounts. I haven't done wine-secured, but have seen guys with $1mm+ wine collections on their balance sheets.
You can use a Roth IRA for retirement and you can still withdraw all of your contributions at any time. You can also withdraw $10,000 worth of the earnings in your Roth IRA for a first-time home purchase. You can also withdraw for unreimbursed medical expenses and qualified education expenses. Full details are available in IRS publication 590.  There is a limit of $5,500 for contributions in 2016 ($6,500 if you're over 50) as long as your adjusted gross income is below a certain level. You can still make a contribution for the previous tax year until the filing deadline (usually April 15).
I have a friend who spent 10 years implementing regulations on high-level internal bank systems before the last crash. Turned out everyone above the system level just did what they wanted anyway. Real big decisions simply bypassed the system and here we are..
But don't worry, we're getting rid of those pesky financial regulations and your ability to sue us. This way we can apologize, fire some scapegoat, and we won't have to face any real consequences. Got to make sure we keep in the black and continue to create American jobs, right? ;)
The areas are well located with respect to farm work today, the Naranjos except mine, which is advancing on a crusade to Córdoba intercepting the vein out of the area. The mine La Picuda has a fixed lower boundary which is already below the lowest level on the contract, are advances are also side that fall outside the allocated area.
For your purposes, I would recommend using direct investment in a no-load mutual fund.  I mostly use Vanguard and would recommend them.  They just about invented index funds, usually have the lowest (internal) expenses for index and many other funds, if you take electronic instead of paper statements there is no maintenance fee, have no transaction commission, can do periodic automatic investment from a bank account etc.  A typical index fund there would require an initial $3000 investment and would have a minimum of $100 for each additional investment.  If you can't come up with an initial sum of that size, you might be able to find a broker with a lower minimum and suitable free ETFs trades as others have suggested.
It seems possible if the Euro is partially/entirely unwound that policies could be enacted to prohibit exactly this behavior, otherwise what will stop outflow to the stronger countries on a massive scale? (Thus amplifying the resulting decade-long clusterfuck)  We've never had this situation in Europe before, and already for Greece and Spain there are suggestions to instigate withdrawal controls. It doesn't seem far fetched to imagine retroactive controls placed on private deposits in newly-foreign-currency banks.  If I were concerned about the Euro's collapse I'd be more inclined to move assets out of the eurozone entirely
This might be useful http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/individuals/cash-controls_en As far as I am aware there should be no issues with anything below 10000. But anything after that you have to declare.
"Don't get all high headed now. The filth you've been spewing today shows that you don't do you own ""cross checking/thinking"". But the fact that you think you do really is telling. Again, you and your buddies at /r/the_Donald are the armpit of humanity.   Again, never said anything about liking Bernie. Again, you are projecting.   And finally, again, your view of the world is just straight up based on fabrication. Learn something about other people, so that you actually can talk about things that you understand, or shut your fucking idiot mouth. You are not helping matters with your ignorance.  You're entitled to your opinion, but when your opinion is that you can say any old stupid thing that pops into your head, you really need to learn to shut the hell up. You're wrong about everything you've said. One day you may realize that. Probably not, but there's always hope."
"Just tired of the bullshit postings stating ""Make $$$ NOW if you know Java or C# and have government clearance!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!'  LinkedIn is on par with craigslist - just different presentation.  Some company that wanted to hire me decided to make me a LinkedIn profile.  I told them to fuck off - intrusive assholes."
I feel like this would be less controversial if we used a different term.  Its like an RF mirror.  I don't know exactly how this tech works, but the gist of it is the implant reflects RF singles in a specific way so that it can work like a key.  I would love to have this in place of my drivers license, credit card, etc.  It would be so convenient.  To open doors at work, doesn't really save me any hassle, because i can just put an RFID card in my wallet.  It'd need to be broader in scope for me to have any interest in it.   I think much of the outrage here is people not understanding the tech.  This isn't a Dr Krieger mind control chip.
Beierle Carpet Care provides North County San Diego with the best quality truck mounted carpet cleaning, upholstery cleaning &amp; tile and grout cleaning. A family owned and operated business located in Vista, CA, dedicated to bringing you the best carpet cleaning services out there. Beierle Carpet Care takes pride in excellent customer service, from start to finish. Their attention to detail puts them above the rest. All of their technicians are attentive to your home taking extra care to make sure they move items properly and efficiently so they can give your carpets the best clean.  The best service at affordable pricing. All of the pricing is done up front -no bait and switch methods. The price they quote you is for truck mounted cleaning and includes pre-spotting, pre-spray, and neutralizer.  Beierle Carpet Care uses the steam cleaning method. This method is recommended by your carpet manufacturer. The pre-spray loosens the dirt and the steam cleaning and vacuum pulls the dirt out of your carpet. Nothing is left behind no sticky residue or dirt is left.
Advantage of filing online (at least with TurboTax) is that they keep a record of your prior year taxes on their servers.  Also, you could fill some stuff out at work, and then go home and continue where you left off.  You also wouldn't have to mess with installing software. File online.
Group RESPs are a bit like a true mutual insurance company. You all pay into the fund, and then, depending on the number of kids that are in school that particular year, you get paid a certain amount. Advantages could be that if you end up with one or two years of only your kid in school and nobody else's in that age bracket, you get more money. Disadvantage for the same-reverse reason also could be true. Another advantage of regular programs, unlike pooled, is that if you do not use all the money, then some/all of the remaining funds may be transferable to an RRSP. Personally I would not invest in one, unless it was more like a specific investment-club that I knew everybody.
"I actually had a similar situation when I tried to buy my house. I paid off all my loans and was proud of my ""debt free"" status. I had no car note, no student loans... absolutely no debt, but I did have a bank-issued credit card. (USAA, not Chase, but I assume the same may apply).   When I tried to get a home loan they told me I had ""absolutely no information on my credit report."" AKA I had no credit. The mortgage lender had no idea what was going on, nor did I or anybody else. It took a lot of research before I realized that the credit bureaus use a formula for the credit rating that involves a lot of things, but if you haven't had a current line of credit reported to the agency in over a year (maybe it was longer, I didn't have anything for 3 years) you aren't going to have a credit score.   Because I was ""debt free"" I was also credit report free and eventually the credit bureaus had nothing to go on, and my score disappeared. The bank-issued credit card was on my credit report, but they didn't report monthly balances so the bureaus couldn't use it to determine if I was paying off the card or if I even had a balance on it. It was essentially not doing my credit any favors, despite what I had thought. In short, based on the fact that you have no debt in her name, and you have taken on all debt in your own name, its very plausible that she has no credit rating anymore. It won't take long to get it back. Once you have ANYTHING on your credit that's actually reported the formula can kick back in and look at credit history as well as current credit and she'll be fine."
Optometric service is prevented and diagnosed abnormalities better known as refractive visual function as well as physical rehabilitation and rehabilitation for optical media and optical aids. The optometrist evaluates the patient and according to their visual problem, age and other special conditions, recommends the required correction: glasses, contact lenses or surgery. At Life Extension Optometry Contact lens fitting should be done by professionals because it is done depending on the type of visual Problem of each patient who will recommend different types of existing contact lenses: soft, rigid, gas permeable, bifocals and trifocals. The patient is made adaptive tests, tolerance and handling lenses to avoid complications that may arise from misuse of them.
Every child is obsessed with video games. It’s awesome. These games allow the young minds to explore strange worlds, become cool characters with mind blowing powers. Wouldn’t it be great if these children were allowed to create a game of their own? In many game design summit for kids, they are taught animation and video games using Scratch, Kodu, Unity, Game salad, and many other user-friendly software, easily allowing the kids to harness the power of coding. Visit us online here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq3q2hnJJQ8&amp;feature=youtu.be
Agree. Ony shit thing is they outsourced CS to India or some asian country. Being they make stupid money why the heck not make the country that created you a place where you have all services. Sadly the cost of companies always having VCs that have no heart for people but just for coin. Like a bread of little fingers :)
Taxes do not translate into income for the poor maybe under certain circumstances, but that's not true at all in general. Transfer payments, healthcare, education... those are areas where increased tax dollars correlate with increased income for the poor.   It certainly wouldn't be effective if those tax dollars went to the military, but it would undeniably increase income if it were distributed as transfer payments.
"There's a significant difference between ""discount"" and ""surcharge"". For starters - legal difference. If you have a list price of $X - that's the price you're committed to sell regardless of the payment method. So it doesn't matter if I pay with cash or credit - I'll pay $X. However, it costs you more when I pay with credit - so you want to pass that cost on me. You charge me surcharge - an addition to the price. In some States in the US and in some other countries - that is against the law. You cannot add on top of the listed price any amount regardless of the payment method. However, you can say that the list price is $X, which includes the assumed credit card surcharge of $Y. And then you give discount of $Y to anyone not paying with credit card. The list price is still $X, regardless of the payment method. You don't have to give the discount, the discount is your cost of doing business. But that would be legal in some places (not all!) that forbid credit card surcharge. So the main difference from legal perspective is that you're not allowed to add to the list price, but you're allowed to discount from it. Regarding taxes - exemption/deduction is not a penalty for negative. Exemption/deduction is an implementation of a social policy. For example, it is for the public benefit for everyone to own a house. So the Congress comes up with a deduction of mortgage interest. However, you're not penalized if you don't own a house by paying higher taxes. Your tax rate doesn't change. You just don't get to deduct something that you might be able to deduct had you owned a house with a mortgage. This is, again - a discount of a list price, not a surcharge. You're not penalized if you don't have a house or don't have a mortgage, but if you do - you get a break. The author you're quoting claims that bottom line would be the same as if you considered the absence of a deduction as a penalty. But that's not true, because even if you do have a mortgage you may not be able to deduct it because your income is too high, the mortgage is for too much, or your mortgage is not on the primary residence. So mere existence of the mortgage doesn't directly correlate to the existence of the deduction. Similarly with credit card surcharges - you may get a cash discount, but you may get the similar amount of money back even if you use a credit card. Not as a cash discount but rather as rewards, cash-backs or points. However, if there's no cash discount, you won't be getting these if you're paying cash. So again - you're not penalized for having a credit card by not getting a discount, because you may still get it in a different way - and if you don't, you still may end up not getting it. So the quote is a rather simplistic and negative view and more of an opinion than stating a fact."
Consumerist posted a list of how long to keep bills.
The biggest challenge as a young person maxing out a 401k in my opinion is the challenge of saving for a house, and (if necessary) paying off student loans. You have to consider - are you OK renting for the next 3, 5, 10 years? Or do you eventually want to buy a place? how much will that cost vs your current expenses?  That being said, I didn't max out but had over 8-10% of 401k contribution in the same situation you're in right now and I don't regret it.  Rereading your question, I see you are considering investing in a Roth IRA. Especially at your current age, assuming your wages will go UP, investing to the company match with the 401K and then maxing out a Roth IRA would be my recommendation. THEN continue maxing out the 401k (if you wish).  P.S. I highly recommend doing two things if you go down this path:
Barstable Medical Clinic is one of the trusted providers of dermal fillers Essex based treatments. They have healthcare professionals who are certified and experienced to perform such cosmetic treatments. Also, they pride themselves in delivering favourable and natural-looking outcomes. To know more about Barstable Medical Clinic and their dermal filler treatments, just visit their website, http://www.barstable.co.uk/.
Not just jobs, entire companies were created. It opened up a whole new market. Then, with the iPhone coming out - competitors came out with their versions (Android, which distribution came out around 2007), which did the same thing except in a different market I'd like to attribute to Apple's iPhone.
Since most developed countries view a low but positive inflation rate as ideal, it is very likely that we will end up with positive inflation.  However, modern societies such as Japan have experienced extraordinarily long periods of deflation.  In their case, however, it is mostly due to a political unwillingness to impose the costs on savers, as savers are politically in control. As to your point about things being so much cheaper in our grandparents' days, this is actually completely untrue for the vast majority of goods when measured in real terms (e.g., relative to the median workers' wages).  Today a decent bicycle can be bought with the average worker's earnings over a few days, whereas our grandparents would have had to work over a month.  A modern radio can be bought for perhaps an hours' worth of work ($10 on amazon.com), but our grandparents may have had to spend months working to buy their first radio.  There is no reason for this trend not to continue. Point is, inflation is not such a bad thing so long as wage growth keeps up or exceeds it.
I'm referring to yachts in my link.  Most of the yachts listed in my link are significantly more valuable than the yacht in the article. Also, just because a $70mm yacht is listed for $40mm, doesn't decrease its running costs by a similar amount.  Also, the borrower listed in the article is no longer a billionaire, not by a long shot so my point still stands even at the number you mention.
"This is probably skewed, because most people see their credit-cards as ""emergency savings"".  But the real problem happens that once you have an emergency, it turns into two.  1) *Emergency*  2) Maxed out credit-card emergency."
"The guideline for the size of an emergency fund is just a guideline.  I've usually heard it expressed as ""3 to 6 months,"" but everyone has a different idea of exactly how big it should be. The purpose of the fund is to give you enough cash to be able to pay for unexpected expenses that have come up that you have not budgeted for without you having to borrow money to pay for them. To figure out how big this fund should be, we look at the worst case scenario.  Suppose that you lost your job tomorrow.  What would you do? Cut your expenses.  You'd probably be much more careful how you spend money. Secure health insurance.  This would be done by either continuing your employer's policy with COBRA, or by purchasing your own insurance, likely through the Obamacare/ACA market.  Keep in mind that most likely your employer is paying for a portion of your insurance now, so this expense will go up quite a bit no matter which option you choose. Look for another job.  You'd probably begin your search for a new job immediately. The size of your emergency fund determines how long you will be able to go without income before you need to start a new job. Regarding cutting your expenses, it is up to you how much you would cut.  There are things that are easy to cut temporarily (or permanently), such as restaurants, entertainment expenses, vacations, etc.  You would probably stop retirement investing until you have income again.  The more you cut, the longer your emergency fund would last.  Things you don't want to cut are necessities, like housing, groceries, utilities, transportation, etc.  I would also include health insurance in this list.  Certainly, if you have a pre-existing condition, you do not want to let your health insurance coverage lapse. Your employability is also a factor.  If you believe that you would have an easy time finding similar employment to what you have now, your emergency fund might not need to be quite as big as someone who believes they would have a harder time finding another job."
Just watch these videos and you will definitely have a basic overall understanding of finance/econ:  &gt; [Overview of Finance by Ackman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEDIj9JBTC8)  &gt; [How the Economic Machine Works by Ray Dalio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHe0bXAIuk0)  A lot of universities have entire courses they put online. For example, Yale's open course on Financial Markets is excellent:   &gt; [Yale Econ 252](http://oyc.yale.edu/economics/econ-252-11)  &gt; [Youtube mirror](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8FB14A2200B87185&amp;feature=plcp)
Get a Mac, then partition part of the drive for Windows. This is the best of both worlds, honestly. Windows has yet to come close to the intuitive and fluid interface that is OSX. Excel for OSX is terrible (poor macro/VBA support, formulas produce different outcomes, etc) so you'll want to use Windows.
Thanks for your reply. I understand what all of the functions are, however, what I want to know is what I will be doing in Layman's terms. I guess I would just like to know what a day-in-the-life of what I would be doing will be. I would also like to know what I should expect during the phone interview I am having on Monday.   Thanks for your help on the matter
We get the best offer to our customer different accommodation in Cuba. You can choose what is the best your business services. Holiday rentals, Vacation rentals, Casa particular, and Bed and Breakfast in Cuba. We offer more than 25 destinations because Cuba is more than just Havana and vinales. If you want to really get to know Cuba you should choose one of our accommodations, especially the casa particular in Cuba.
"Your bank uses ClearXchange, not you. It is not a website where you open an account, like many others, but an inter-bank transfer system based on email addresses, kind of like free wire transfers between everyone. You don't have to set anything up, just accept the payment, and the money appears in your account (assuming the client used the email address your bank has on file for you). However, if you still don't want it, you can just ignore it. There is a timeout when his transaction gets auto-cancelled, and he gets his money back. Here is an example text from the 'fine print' (my highlighting): ""[...]We will continue our attempts by sending a second notice of a transfer to the recipient, and providing the recipient a period of nine (9) succeeding Business Days to register in the Service, or the person-to-person payment service of clearXchange, Zelle or a Network Bank. At the end of this period, if the recipient still has not registered, the transfer request will be Cancelled. The sender may cancel the transfer at any time during this ten (10) day period if the recipient is not registered at the time of cancellation.[...]"" (https://chaseonline.chase.com/Public/Misc/LAContent.aspx?agreementKey=chasenet_la)"
The idea is that paying your employees more confers benefits that are worth the cost. Paying employees more than they produce for you is (almost) always not a good idea. However, if paying higher wages has advantages, those advantages persist or are enhanced by other companies not paying higher wages.
"I can think of the following situations in which one could see a trade occur between the visible best bid & offer: 1) on a public exchange, people have posted hidden limit orders with either bid prices above the best visible bid or offers below the best visible offer, and incoming orders have executed against this hidden liquidity[1]; 2) some orders may have been matched in dark pools which offer ""mid-point matching"" where buy and sell orders are matched using the mid-point of the best available publicly posted bid and offer as the reference price, and which executed trades are then reported to the public markets; or 3) some internalising broker has traded off exchange directly with a client and is now reporting the trade to the public as is often required. Now how exactly any of the above situations indicates that a ""trend is about to come to an end"", I do not know. [1] Exchanges often match orders on a price/visibility/time basis, whereby the orders are prioritised by price (better prices get to trade first), then by visibility (visible orders get to trade first) then by time (first come, first serve)."
According to Wikipedia, import duties on goods range from 5-22% on everything but cars (30-100%) and a handful of other goods (no import duties). Since almost everything must be imported, you will still be paying the taxman, just on the consumption side.
The only way to avoid paying the corporation tax is buying a house for say $100,000 and then letting it burn down by accident. So your money is gone without anything to show for it, your profits are gone, and you pay no corporation tax.  You pay corporation tax on profits. Profits that you invest are still profits.
On paper the whole 6 months living costs sounds (and is) great, but in real life there are a lot of things that you need to consider. For example, my first car was constantly falling apart and was an SUV that got 16MPG. I have to travel for work (about 300 miles per week) so getting a sedan that averages close to 40MPG saves me more in gas and maintenance than the monthly payment for the new car costs. When our apartment lease was up, the new monthly rent would have been $1685 per month, we got a 30 year mortgage with a monthly payment of $1372. So buying a house actually let us put aside more each month. We have just under 3 months of living expenses set aside (1 month in liquid assets, 2 months in a brokerage account) and I worry about it. I wish we had a better buffer, but in our case the house and car made more sense as an early investment compared to just squirreling away all our savings. Also, do you have any debt? Paying off debt (student loans, credit card debt, etc.) should often take top priority. Have some rainy day funds, of course, but pay down debts, and then create a personal financial plan for what works best in your situation. That would be my suggestion.
I know in the instance that if my MAGI exceeds a certain point, I can   not contribute the maximum to the Roth IRA; a traditional IRA and   subsequent backdoor is the way to go. My understanding is that if you ever want to do a backdoor Roth, you don't want deductible funds in a Traditional account, because you can't choose to convert only the taxable funds. From the bogleheads wiki: If you have any other (non-Roth) IRAs, the taxable portion of any   conversion you make is prorated over all your IRAs; you cannot convert   just the non-deductible amount. In order to benefit from the   backdoor, you must either convert your other IRAs as well (which may   not be a good idea, as you are usually in a high tax bracket if you   need to use the backdoor), or else transfer your deductible IRA   contributions to an employer plan such as a 401(k) (which may cost you   if the 401(k) has poor investment options).
Quite a few stock broker in India offer to trade in US markets via tie-up brokers in US. As an Indian citizen, there are limits as to how much FX you can buy, generally very large, should be an issue. The profits will be taxed in US as well as India [you can claim relief under DTAA]
"Most people don't understand the fact that most of the extra ""Ticketmaster fees"" go directly to the venue/promoters of the event. Instead of charging $80/ticket, they are able to advertise $50/ticket with $25 service fee, $5 shipping fee, and $3 convenience fee. Ticketmaster gets a small slice of the overall pie and allows their brand to take a hit for it.   I don't see Amazon entering the game changing much about that unless they find ways to systematically bring down scalpers."
There's no such service. The Israeli Credit Cards law is such that it will be very easy to defraud credit card issuers if such service was available. Check with the postal company if they allow doing it through their bank account, although their online service was horrible last time I checked. This is obviously country-dependent as laws differ from place to place.
I would not expect any problems. Your interest will have tax deducted at 20% which I don't think you would be entitled to reclaim because you don't get a personal allowance if you aren't resident in the UK, and unless you have a huge amount of UK earnings you would not be legally liable to any higher rates of tax so there would be no issues there. If you were liable to more tax you would be obliged to inform the Inland Revenue.
How much Federal Capital Gains, NYS Income tax and local tax should I expect to pay? You're going to net about 2.4 millions of dollars. Federal long term capital gains tax is 20% (plus 3.8% medicare), NYS is 8.82%. Does it make sense to investigate the tax benefits of financing the sale for the buyer? Yes. Have your tax adviser check the options for you (financing, instalment, etc), especially if you have no other US-sourced income. Tax treaties are also something your tax adviser should be looking at. Be sure your tax adviser is properly licensed in New York as either EA, CPA or Attorney. Don't do anything without a proper tax advice.
That's a huge misinterpretation of the theory and jumps to an incorrect conclusion.  Likely small town shopping malls that have been beat by Wal-Mart and Amazon. Same average amount of people shopping in person, but for different things at different proces
"In the US, ""business class"" doesn't normally exist.  Major carriers have Economy or First.  And I bet you can count on one hand the number of employers who will spring for a domestic first ticket for rank-and-file employees."
Remember that due to inflation you are paying back the loan with cheaper dollars in the future.  If there are no gimmicks in the loan like early payment penalties, or must pay by a certain date or that the credit was for a store that sold the products at a higher price than you could get elsewhere then you are not just getting free money they are paying you to take the money.
HP needs to knuckle down and focus on core principles if they want to survive. Time was they were synonymous with printing, they need to get back to that. Stop making disposable inkjets that are cheaper to replace than purchase ink for. Start making bulletproof hardware with 100,000 duty cycles like the old HP Laserjet 4s that many companies still run because the new stuff is shite.
"It's probably only due to a bunch of ""well can't we just over design it, market it slick, and sell the same crap our competitor does with a higher price and margin? I mean it works for Apple, right?"""
This may not help with the overall grocery issue, but I find that there are items that I can do without the name brand version of.  A handy rule-of-thumb is to start with the least-expensive brand and work your way up, until you find one that your family likes.  For instance, I've learned I can do without French's mustard in favour of no-name, but there's no way I can live without Kraft peanut butter.
"According to the article, the IRS issued a ""stop-work Order"" for the contract with Equifax while it undertakes an investigation. I have to assume that the contract laid out termination provisions, so it's likely that the IRS is making sure that they don't do anything which appears to be a breach of contract and gives fuel to Equifax to sue (frustrating, I know).  What I really like is the statement released by Equifax following the decision by the IRS: “We remain confident that we are the best party to perform the services required in this contract.""   How delusional do you have to be to make a bold statement like that after what happened?"
&gt; and actively hacking an election  I thought the jury was still out on that and the main focus was still about media manipulation and leaks intended to impact the election, not manipulating results or registration (some hackers seem to have accessed voter registration databases though..).  Did I miss something? There is so much noise at the moment it's sometimes hard to spot.
"And that is exactly where the problem lies, you yourself admit you work like a horse, that you constantly are trying to improve yourself. Do you think you are the only one? Don't you think a million others are doing the same things? This is exactly where the problem arises, its a race to the bottom. Oh just learn to code, just learn another language, blablablah. That will hardly make you more competitive if a million other people are doing the same thing. Honestly, you cannot expect a million people to go through higher education again, you can't expect millions to improve their skills in a world where there are more people than jobs, in a world where everyday automation makes another chunk of the population permanently unemployable.  And yes, never forget the token rich person. One random person managed to escape poverty? Ok, let's ignore all the data showing that social mobility is virtually non-existent in todays society, the system most work, if one out of 4 billion people in poverty managed to escape.  Why is it such a radical idea that in a world where there are more people than jobs, in a world where food roots away, medicine keeps waiting on the shelves and many ""gentrified"" houses are empty while right next to them there are homeless people, that in such a world, a person is entitled to some food, shelter and medical aid?"
Don't worry about it, it looks like many articles written by non-native speakers.  Practice makes perfect and it looks like you are heading in the correct direction.  Most of the mistakes are little things like missing articles.  One thing I noticed is that you could work on is articles.  For instance the first sentence should be The Russian Government.  Good luck!
Nowadays, you can find a lot of info about water damaged carpets so it is necessary to learn all you need to know to prevent issues. The initial action that you need to take when you have a flooded basement or home is to de-activate the gas and electricity. The structures of your home and electrical short circuit systems should be thoroughly checked for damage.
This is so messed up. One would think that those who choose to farm organically would choose to do so morally. Yet, big business has bastardized the organic conversation. This is why small local organic farms and ranches are still, and will always be the more moral and confident choice for sustainably oriented consumers.
Revenue does not equal income.  Income is, more or less, synonymous with profit. It is the amount of money earned after expenses.  A corporation is taxed on its revenue after its deductible expenses have been removed, the same as a person is.  It's kind of double taxation, but it's kind of the same argument as saying that payroll taxes in addition to income taxes are double taxation.  Also of note: taxes on dividends are lower than normal taxes because of this double taxation.
"&gt;""Engineers cant even reliably get a robot to recognize an object like a chair.""  My first thought in response to your statement was that you were wrong, but then I started thinking about the very wide variety of what we consider to be a chair and I realized that thats actually quite true, especially if you include modernist or upholstered chairs in the set of chairs .    However, I think thats a bad example, because not being able to do that particular task reliably and rapidly for another five years or so without spending a huge amount of money isn't going to save any particular jobs that I know of. Because we're not at the stage yet where we need to solve those particular kinds of problems.   The kinds of machine vision problems that are impacting jobs are much more mundane and much easier to solve.  For example, distinguishing between kinds of fruit, produce, etc. in a grocery, or determining visually if fruit is ripe, etc, in various agricultural applications."
As someone with a friend who received a cease and desist from Lego over a niche lego related product very similar to what is described, I seriously doubt that Lego has changed their notoriously litigous stance.  In fact, they've tried to sue people who made products compatible with lego before and failed in court.  This article is probably just spinning an awareness that they don't have a legal leg to stand on into a benevolent attitude.
Berkshire Hathaway's earnings for the last reported quarter were $6.395 billion, which works out to $822 in profit per second, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This is directly the result of about 50 years of carefully applying the value investing philosophy.
I was in a similar situation years back and I refused to pay the bill. My point of view was that I provided the hospital with all information needed to submit the claim in a timely matter and that I should not be held responsible for their failure to do so. In the end they waived the charges. So while technically I might have been responsible for paying the charges, in reality I think they decided it wasn't worth the hassle of making me (I would have fought it all the way up to the top). Not sure that I would recommend this approach though :)
"The first thing you have to do is to decided what area in finance you want to get into. For example, investment banking and quant are very different jobs. Learning all the CFA material is useful, so you might as well take the exams too while you are at it. You may be able to get into financial IT or some type of financial programming job. That is one step closer to your goal because at least you will be at a finance company and you can network with people that are in the field.  Also, if you want to go into the buy side like I did, I recommend you invest your own money and manage your own portfolio. That way you would have some intimate familiarity with some companies/strategies. You can't get this from a textbook. There is something a little wrong with someone who wants to manage other people's money when he doesn't manage his own. That is a tough sell.  You can't be too picky about where you get in. Getting in the door is the most important. I got a lot of quant interviews because I was an engineer. Those interviews consist of a lot of math and brain teaser type questions. For fundamental analyst positions, they will typically want to figure out how you think about businesses/companies.  You can typically steer the interview any way you want, which is why I think it is important that you invest your own money. If you say ""the largest position I hold is in XYZ company"", you can be 99% certain that they will be asking about that investment for the next 15 minutes (at least). That is your opportunity to show how you can add value.  Most companies prefer students for entry level, because why hire a guy who is already working in another field when you can get someone fresh? I stood out in the interviews because I could say ""I put $50k into this position because..."". It's not the only way to do it, but I can only provide you with my anedoctal experience."
If I were a fan of Tim Hortons, I'd be concerned that BK's ownership (namely the private equity firm 3G which has a 51 per cent stake) runs Timmy's like it ran BK. A succession of private equity firms have sucked every penny of capital they could out of BK, enriching themselves and gutting BK in the process.  [Fortune Magazine](http://www.google.ca/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0CB8QFjAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Ffortune.com%2F2012%2F04%2F13%2Fburger-king-is-too-big-to-fix%2F&amp;ei=hsj6U8D9MI7noATZkYLYBA&amp;usg=AFQjCNG1accTGUmKkrd2puXwOwh2wC742w&amp;sig2=z7oJ7iLyTacDwO7wjMlN0g&amp;bvm=bv.73612305,d.cGU) describes what they did:  &gt;Our view is that the overriding motivation of several owners throughout the years, and now 3G Capital, has been to starve the brand of capital in order to pay parent shareholders nice and quickly... By our reckoning, the last two private equity firms that have taken ownership of the company have deprived it of $1 billion or more in capital that could have been used to improve the company’s relative standing versus its competitors, many of whom Burger King now struggles to keep up with.  [Bloomberg Businessweek](http://www.businessweek.com/stories/2006-04-09/burger-king-wheres-the-beef) describes how they did it:  &gt;... this past February [2006], Burger King borrowed an additional $350 million so its owners could pay themselves and its two partners a special $367 million dividend.  The private equity owners weren't content to raid BK's bank account for everything in it. They borrowed hundreds of millions of additional dollars, piling debt onto a struggling burger chain just to give that money to themselves.  Burger King is a shitty, uncompetitive burger chain with an outdated menu, dilapidated stores, and invisible marketing.  Tim Hortons may be just the next victim for these private equity vampires to suck dry after wringing out all the capital and debt they could out of BK.
If you go through the web pages of some online brokers, you will find out that some of them allow you to manage friends/relatives accounts from your account as a trusteer. That should really solve your underlying problem, you will need only one login, etc. (Example: https://www.interactivebrokers.com/ff/en/main.php) If I understand it right it will even allow you to make one trade splitting the cost and returns among the other accounts, but you would have to verify that. Anyways, that will save you a lot of trouble and your broker can probably help you with the legal necessities.
Everyone complaining about fraud and jail time have no idea what they are talking about. Fraud in a financial sense is very difficult to prove. It is also very expensive to litigate. Furthermore, there is little evidence there was any actual fraud. Rather a number of things just went wrong. At the time, you had the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke and the Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson both going on TV saying subprime wasn't an issue and even if it was it wouldn't affect the wider mortgage market. The regulators knew what was going on and did nothing at the time because none of the economic models anyone used showed we would go into recession.
"I think the answer to this is just ""no.""  It's not commonly available to have the option to obtain a mortgage at a fixed amount and fixed rate, especially over a timeframe like the 5 yrs you mentioned in your question.  There would be several practical problems with such a thing, including but not limited to: As was noted in a comment to your question, it is common to be able to ""lock"" a rate over a period of days to weeks.  This isn't the same as what you asked though, because it's much shorter term and it's typically tied to having an offer accepted on a specific house."
Put it in the bank and earn the meager interest rate.  By far your most important investment is finishing your education and as such this money might be needed to do so. If you don't need the money during your education you will undoubtedly need it for a new apartment/furnishings/moving expenses.
"If you are looking for numerical metrics I think the following are popular: Price/Earnings (P/E) - You mentioned this very popular one in your question.  There are different P/E ratios - forward (essentially an estimate of future earnings by management), trailing, etc..  I think of the P/E as a quick way to grade a company's income statement (i.e: How much does the stock cost verusus the amount of earnings being generated on a per share basis?). Some caution must be taken when looking at the P/E ratio.  Earnings can be ""massaged"" by the company.  Revenue can be moved between quarters, assets can be depreciated at different rates, residual value of assets can be adjusted, etc..  Knowing this, the P/E ratio alone doesn't help me determine whether or not a stock is cheap. In general, I think an affordable stock is one whose P/E is under 15. Price/Book - I look at the Price/Book as a quick way to grade a company's balance sheet.  The book value of a company is the amount of cash that would be left if everything the company owned was sold and all debts paid (i.e. the company's net worth).  The cash is then divided amoung the outstanding shares and the Price/Book can be computed.  If a company had a price/book under 1.0 then theoretically you could purchase the stock, the company could be liquidated, and you would end up with more money then what you paid for the stock. This ratio attempts to answer: ""How much does the stock cost based on the net worth of the company?"" Again, this ratio can be ""massaged"" by the company.  Asset values have to be estimated based on current market values (think about trying to determine how much a company's building is worth) unless, of course, mark-to-market is suspended.  This involves some estimating.  Again, I don't use this value alone in determing whether or not a stock is cheap. I consider a price/book value under 10 a good number.   Cash - I look at growth in the cash balance of a company as a way to grade a company's cash flow statement.  Is the cash account growing or not? As they say, ""Cash is King"".  This is one measurement that can not be ""massaged"" which is why I like it.  The P/E and Price/Book can be ""tuned"" but in the end the company cannot hide a shrinking cash balance. Return Ratios - Return on Equity is a measure of the amount of earnings being generated for a given amount of equity (ROE = earnings/(assets - liabilities)).  This attempts to measure how effective the company is at generating earnings with a given amount of equity.  There is also Return on Assets which measures earnings returns based on the company's assets. I tend to think an ROE over 15% is a good number. These measurements rely on a company accurately reporting its financial condition.  Remember, in the US companies are allowed to falsify accounting reports if approved by the government so be careful.  There are others who simply don't follow the rules and report whatever numbers they like without penalty. There are many others.  These are just a few of the more popular ones.  There are many other considerations to take into account as other posters have pointed out."
This is taxed as ordinary income. See the IRC Sec 988(a)(1). The exclusion you're talking about (the $200) is in the IRC Sec 988(e)(2), but you'll have to read the Treasury Regulations on this section to see if and how it can apply to you. Since you do this regularly and for profit (i.e.: not a personal transaction), I'd argue that it doesn't apply.
Just looking at CONED, [here is gas](https://www.coned.com/_external/cerates/documents/average_monthly_gas_bills.pdf) and [here is electric](https://www.coned.com/-/media/files/coned/documents/accountandbilling/about-your-bill-rates/average_monthly_electric_bills.pdf).   You'll have to forgive me -- when it comes to NY, I'm more familiar with gas and with residential rates, so what I said doesn't hold true across the board for electric commercial customers.   For residential electric, starting in 2009, delivery started outpacing commodity charges; by 2015 (not sure why they haven't posted 2016 data yet), $29 worth of electricity cost you $49 in delivery charges. For residential gas, the flip occurred in 2010 and was much more significant -- in 2016, a customer whose bill is just over $100 paid $75 for delivery and $25 for the actual gas (part of that is that gas prices are low, part of it is that delivery costs have gone up nearly 50%).   Each utility is different, so the [gas info is here](http://www3.dps.ny.gov/W/PSCWeb.nsf/All/85297E80413DBEDB852581A6006261BE?OpenDocument) and the [electric info is here](http://www3.dps.ny.gov/W/PSCWeb.nsf/ArticlesByTitle/0B9E6D4CE48E09EE852578570055E27B?OpenDocument) if you're interested.   I'm not sure about primers -- I haven't really looked for them -- but I know that many companies and brokers do have some materials on their websites.  For electricity in particular, I'm much more familiar with Texas than New York, but a lot of the principles are the same: look at your bills and make sure you understand all the charges and what your usage/demand is (especially over the course of a year), look up the [utility tariff](http://www3.dps.ny.gov/W/PSCWeb.nsf/ArticlesByTitle/1ABA5E2E4E08F72585257687006F3AB1?OpenDocument), and make sure everything lines up.  I harp on demand charges (a charge based on your peak energy usage during any set interval of time -- 15 minutes in TX, not sure about NY) because that's where commercial customers can get stuck paying really high charges.
"&gt; This is an idea that was actually put into place more than a 100 years ago, in 1896 and even before, when the first electric cars were introduced and they even built ""service stations"" for them so you can swap the batteries. [read it here]  &gt; Even electric cars made by Tesla are nothing new.  &gt; And recently, a company called ""Better Place"", in Israel, produced modern electric cars with automated and robotic service stations that will swap the batteries for them. Read about ""Better Place"".  &gt; Bottom line: nothing new here for more than 100 years."
"The question is, how do I exit? I can't really sell the puts because there isn't   enough open interest in them now that they are so far out of the money. I have about $150K of funds outside of this position that I could use, but I'm   confused by the rules of exercising a put. Do I have to start shorting the stock? You certainly don't want to give your broker any instructions to short the stock! Shorting the stock at this point would actually be increasing your bet that the stock is going to go down more. Worse, a short position in the stock also puts you in a situation of unlimited risk on the stock's upside – a risk you avoided in the first place by using puts. The puts limited your potential loss to only your cost for the options. There is a scenario where a short position could come into play indirectly, if you aren't careful.  If your broker were to permit you to exercise your puts without you having first bought enough underlying shares, then yes, you would end up with a short position in the stock. I say ""permit you"" because most brokers don't allow clients to take on short positions unless they've applied and been approved for short positions in their account. In any case, since you are interested in closing out your position and taking your profit, exercising only and thus ending up with a resulting open short position in the underlying is not the right approach. It's not really a correct intermediate step, either. Rather, you have two typical ways out: Sell the puts.  @quantycuenta has pointed out in his answer that you should be able to sell for no less than the intrinsic value, although you may be leaving a small amount of time value on the table if you aren't careful.  My suggestion is to consider using limit orders and test various prices approaching the intrinsic value of the put.  Don't use market orders where you'll take any price offered, or you might be sorry. If you have multiple put contracts, you don't need to sell them all at once. With the kind of profit you're talking about, don't sweat paying a few extra transactions worth of commission. Exercise the puts.  Remember that at the other end of your long put position is one (or more) trader who wrote (created) the put contract in the first place. This trader is obligated to buy your stock from you at the contract price should you choose to exercise your option.  But, in order for you to fulfill your end of the contract when you choose to exercise, you're obligated to deliver the underlying shares in exchange for receiving the option strike price. So, you would first need to buy underlying shares sufficient to exercise at least one of the contracts.  Again, you don't need to do this all at once.  @PeterGum's answer has described an approach. (Note that you'll lose any remaining time value in the option if you choose to exercise.) Finally, I'll suggest that you ought to discuss the timing and apportioning of closing out your position with a qualified tax professional. There are tax implications and, being near the end of the year, there may be an opportunity* to shift some/all of the income into the following tax year to minimize and defer tax due. * Be careful if your options are near expiry!  Options typically expire on the 3rd Friday of the month."
That's not why they are mad. From the article:  'However, Oliver found court documents stating Alpha later asked its bankruptcy trustee if the coal company could save $3 million by cutting health and life insurance benefits of around 1,200 non-union retirees — so that the company could then pay $11.9 million in bonuses to fifteen top executives, including Crutchfield.'
The solution is clear: You need to find a second job and work on the weekends and use that to pay off your debt.  You're only 25, you need to scrimp every ounce of your extra energy and pay off your debts by age 30.  You can do it by working a second job, and by working harder at your current job and getting promotions and raises.
Jimmy sinh ra trong một gia đình đều làm giáo viên, quan điểm kiếm ra những đồng tiền chân chính được hình thành từ nền giáo dục của gia đình. Nghèo cho SẠCH … rách cho THƠM =&gt; chính là thông điệp mà Jimmy truyền tải tới các ace đang hoạt động trong nghề Tư vấn Đầu tư.  Nhớ lại thời kỳ đầu tham gia nghề tư vấn, phải tới tháng 3 năm 2010 thì Jimmy mới có thu nhập từ việc cung cấp chiến lược đầu tư và tiền thưởng khi gỡ lệnh thành công cho Nhà đầu tư. Tuy những đồng tiền đó không ổn định nhưng đã thúc đẩy cho Jimmy niềm hạnh phúc khi đến với thị trường đầu tư Vàng Tài Khoản.
"Wow,  I cannot believe this is a question.  Of course reading the 10Ks and 10Qs from the SEC are incredibly beneficial.  Especially if you are a follower of the investing gurus such as Warren Buffett, Peter Lynch, Shelby Davis.  Personally I only read the 10K's I copy the pertinent numbers over to my spreadsheets so I can compare multiple companies that I am invested in.  I'm sure there are easier ways to obtain the data.  I'm a particular user of the discounted free cash flow methodology and buying/selling in thirds. I feel like management that says what they are going to do and does it (over a period of years) is something that cannot be underestimated in investing.  yes, there are slipups, but those tend to be well documented in the 10Qs.  I totally disagree in the efficient market stuff.  I tend to love using methodologies like Hewitt Heisermans "" It's Earnings that Count"" you cannot do his power-staircase without digging into the 10Qs.  by using his methodology I have several 5 baggers over the last 5 years and I'm confident that I'll have more.  I think it is an interesting factoid as well that the books most recommended for investing in stocks on Amazon all advocate reading and getting information from 10Ks.   The other book to read is Peter Lynch's one-up-wall-street.  The fact is money manager's hands are tied when it comes to investing, especially in small companies and learning over the last 6 years how to invest on my own has given me that much more of my investing money back rather than paying it to some money manager doing more trades than they should to get commision fees."
If you buy a car using a loan, the dealer gets benefited by the financing institution by the way of referring fee paid to the dealer by the institution, and that too if the dealer has helped in financing the purchase. Otherwise for the dealer it doesn't matter if one pays in full or through financing. The dealer is paid in full in either cases. Hence the dealer may slightly get disappointed that you are not taking a loan.
I'd imagine you want to keep the utility bills around to dispute any historical billing errors or anomalies for perhaps 6 months to a year. Beyond that, you always have the financial records of making the payments -- namely, your bank statements. So what benefit is there in keeping the paper receipts for utility payments around for longer than that? I say shred them, with extreme prejudice -- while wearing black Chuck Norris style.
You cannot. Even if your children actually have that money - your fiduciary duty is to them, not to yourself. You cannot gift away money they own for your own purposes. They have to want to gift it away, since it belongs to them. I doubt they do, or they should. Since you have to have their best interests in mind - you shouldn't allow them gift away such amounts even if they're willing to. Doing otherwise will be a criminal act on your behalf (embezzlement/breach of fiduciary duty). Do talk to an attorney of course, since I'm not. But that is my understanding of things. If your kids don't actually have the money, then they can obviously not gift it, so claiming that they did would be a tax fraud.
"This.  People that aren't making much think ""Wow - $100k is so much money. If I made that much I'd never have to worry about money again."" Then they start making that much and realize it doesn't stretch nearly as far as they think it will. Biggest problem, of course, is taxes take an ever bigger bite."
"It comes down to the resolution you want to have on your personal finances.  A package like GNUCash allows you to easily answer questions like ""Exactly how much do I spend on interest per month/year/decade.""  Same with pretty much any other expense, liability or asset you have whether it be taxes, utilities, your home equity or your net worth.  The other tools you mention are nice, and certainly convenient, but they tend to lump things together in broad strokes and omit many categories altogether (taxes).  Ultimately by having such a fine grained accounting tool, you can target small or large things to better budget your money.   Another thing a package like GNUCash provides is a single, private place to consolidate all of your finances.  This is nice for things like net worth and asset accounts that you might not want to give a company access to. Finally, GNUcash in particular helps normal people think like accountants.  Rather than lump everything into 'income' and 'expenses', once you start using GNUCash you'll start thinking in terms of equity, liabilities, net-worth and assets in addition to income and expenses.  This gives me a much more accurate view of my finances and helps me better target areas for improvement.  In short, it helps me to see the broader picture which helps me to keep my eye on the prize - which of course is to not have to worry about money at all."
The formula you need is:    M = (r * PV) / (1 - ((1+r)^(-n)))    M = monthly payment ($350)  r = interest per period (7.56% / 12) = 0.63%  n = number of periods (36 months)  PV = present value, or here, your max loan amount given M    Therefore:  $350 = (0.63% * PV) / (1 - ((1+0.63%)^(-36)))   The denominator on the right ends up equal to ~ 0.2025 when you do the math in your calculator. Carry that over to the by multiplying both sides of the equation by 0.2025    This results in $70.82 = 0.63% * PV    Divide $70.82 by 0.63% to get PV = $11,242 (roughly).    Hope this helps explain it algebraically!!
"(I answered a similar question before.) Essentially, you shouldn't trust a site you find on the Internet merely because it looks professional and real.  Before signing up with any new service provider you found online, you should verify the authenticity of both the organization itself and their web site address. Even if the name displayed by a web site represents a legitimate brokerage firm, any site you happen to come across on the Internet could be an elaborate spoof of a real company, intended to capture your personal details (or worse). First, to check if a brokerage firm is in fact registered to trade securities – in the United States – you can consult FINRA's BrokerCheck online service.  This might be the first of many checks you should undertake ... after you convince yourself that FINRA is legitimate.  A meta-problem ;-) Then, if you want to know if the web site address is authentic, one way is to contact that broker offline using the contact information found from a trusted source, such as the FINRA BrokerCheck details.  Unfortunately, those details do not currently appear to contain the broker's web site URL.  (Else, that could be useful.) Another thing to look at is the site's login or sign-up page, for a valid SSL certificate that is both issued to the correct legal name of the brokerage firm as well as has been signed by a well-known certificate authority (e.g. VeriSign). For a financial services firm of any kind, you should look for and expect to see an Extended Validation Certificate.  Any other kind of certificate might only assert that the certificate was issued to the domain-name owner, and not necessarily to an organization with the registered legal name.  (Yes, anybody can register a domain with a similar name and then acquire a basic SSL certificate for that domain.) FWIW, Scottrade and ShareBuilder are both legitimate brokers (I was aware already of each, but I also just checked in the FINRA tool), and the URLs currently linked to by the question are legitimate web site addresses for each.  Also, you can see their EV certificates in action on secured pages here and here. As to whether your investments with those brokers would be ""safe"" in the event of the broker failing (e.g. goes bankrupt), you'll want to know that they are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (Wikipedia).  (Of course, this kind of protection doesn't protect you if your investments simply go down in value.) But do your own due diligence – always."
As long as they don't hold your package and drive around with it when it's early I'll be happy.  I know it's a first world problem but my phone sat in a hot truck for 2 days and drove around rural Minnesota because it got to the local sorting stating 2 days ahead of schedule.
"The companies with the highest level of costumers that are able to stay under the limit for fuel will be able to draw the larger Revenue/Expense ratio (or what Obama calls it Profit to Earnings Ratio).  This will make it easy for medium size companies to make the most money.  Larger companies will still make money but will be ""pushed down"" because they have to pay that extra tax because they will reach the Cap of the Cap &amp; Trade policy.  This doesn't mean Companies with the lowest emissions will have to lowest prices. The larger companies will still have the decent prices. A company may have horrible engines but they don't fly so much they will not   hit the cap in the cap &amp; Trade so they wont have to pay that extra tax the larger companies do.  So a company may start and grow very fast but once they get big enough they will start slowing down because of the government.  Edit: last 2 paragraphs"
Yes, but unless they had prior legal experience they would still have to hire a lawyer to help them out. And even when they won, it is not certain that they would recover any money. The licensing fee amount was chosen to be low enough to make it not worth the potential risk of getting into a lawsuit.
The whole point about outsourcing things is that the people who are most efficient at doing something end up doing that thing.  It's an ongoing improvement process, but we're getting products at lower cost AND getting back our customer service as a result of outsourcing.
Under Income Tax Act, tax liability depends on residency as defined under section 6 of the Income Tax Act, and not on citizenship. If you are resident in India, then your global income is taxable. As it appears from your question, you are not resident of India (182 days stay in India in a FY), as such you will have absolutely no tax liability for whatever income you earn outside India.
&gt; Good CEOs need to have a good grasp on accounting, finance, marketing, strategy, human resources and problem solving.  President Trump has been a CEO of a big company most of his life.  Do you think he has a good grasp on accounting, finance, marketing, strategy, human resources, and problem solving?
"What can I do to help him out, but at the same time protect myself from any potential scams? Find out why he can't do this himself.  Whether your relative is being sincere or not, if he owns both accounts then he should be able to transfer money between them by himself.  If you can find a way to solve that issue without involving your bank account, so much the better. Don't settle for ""something about authorized payees and expired cards.""  Get details, write them down.  If possible, get documents.  Then go to a bank or financial adviser you can trust and run those details by them to see what they have to say.  Even if there's no scam, if what he's trying to do is illegal (even if he doesn't realize it himself) then you want to know before you get involved.  You say you're willing to deal with ""other issues"" separately, but keep in mind that, even if there's no external scam here, those ""other issues"" could include hefty fees, censures on your own account, or jail time. Ask yourself: Does it make sense that this relative has an account overseas?  I don't have any overseas accounts, because I don't do business in other countries.  Is your relative a dual-citizen?  Does he travel a lot?  What country is the overseas account in?  How long has he had this account?  What bank is it with?  Where the money is going is just as important as how it gets there (ie: through your account.)  Arguably more so. Keep in mind that many scammers tell their marks not to share what's going on with anyone else.  (Because doing so increases the odds of someone telling them to snap out of it.)  It's entirely possible he's being scammed himself and just not telling you the whole story because the 419er is telling him to keep it quiet.  (Check out that link for more details on common scams that your relative may be unwittingly part of, btw.) Get as many details as possible about what he's doing and why.  If he's communicating with anyone else regarding this transfer, find out who.  If there are emails, ask his permission to read them and watch for anything suspicious (ie: people who can't spell their own name consistently, constant pressure to act quickly, etc.)"
You increase the capital account by the additional contributions and retained earnings and decrease the capital account by the distributions of return of capital and/or losses. Distributing gains doesn't change the capital account. So in your case it would be: 1st year we lost money  Assuming you lost 20K, and the interests are even, it will look like this: 1st year we break even  Nothing changes - you break even, means the balance sheet doesn't change (in this example). 1st year we made money Assume you gained 20K and kept it: If you didn't retain the earnings, it would look the same as case 2 - no change. Note that this is only the financial accounting, tax accounting might look differently. For example, in the US Partnerships (or LLCs taxed as) are pass-through entities, on in case 3 while you retained the earnings, the partners will still be taxed.  I'm of course neither CPA nor a licensed tax adviser. I suggest you get a consultation with one. Only a CPA can provide a reliable accounting advice or sign official financial statements, reviews and audits. Only a EA, CPA or an Attorney specializing in tax law can provide a tax advice.
What's interesting is the fox article they are citing talks about the impact on home owners and business not the benefit to labor. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯   &gt;[Just how bad is it? According to the National Association of Home Builders, more than 56 percent of developers nationwide are reporting labor shortages. ](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/08/02/texas-home-builders-relying-on-immigrant-labor-feel-effects-immigrant-crackdown.html)
According to the instructions to the form - yes, you do need an ITIN. Line 6.   .... If you do not have an SSN and are not eligible to get one, you must   get an individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN). To apply for   an ITIN, file Form W-7 with the IRS. It usually takes 4-6 weeks to get   an ITIN.
To be fair, Inland Revenue has options here. They don't have to accept this transfer pricing scheme Starbucks has come up with to funnel their profits to, almost certainly, some overseas tax haven.  I work with the Treasury team at a large British multinational pharma company in Japan. There are constant disputes between Inland Revenue and the IRS and the Japanese NTA and the British, Japanese and U.S. companies over what is an appropriate or inappropriate level of royalty for patents and trademarks owned by the three and licensed back and forth.
It's not unusual/undesirable. If everyone prepaid their mortgage, banks would not like this, but we're in no danger of that :). Also, the amount you are pre-paying is not so significant as to make them pay special attention. In many cases when a borrower pre-pays, they will not continue to do so over the life of the loan since it's so easy to stop at any time, and the extra payments are voluntary. Depending on who originated the mortgate, it might be sold even more often than in your case. It's no longer commonplace for a bank to hold a mortgage to maturity, now that banks and other institutions have separated the origination of the loan from its servicing. It's likely that your mortgage was bundled with others through a process called securitization, and will be bought/sold based on the bank's need for liquitity or to balance out the maturity of its assets and liabilities (whether they need more cash now versus later), or based on the types of ways your bank has decided that it wants to make money versus farming out other types of business to others. What would substantially change the value of your mortgage to a bank is if it were performing (ie you are paying on time) but then became non-performing (ie you fall behind in your payments). It's also possible that if you have a very small mortgage or principal balance, that there is very little risk to the bank, and little difference between the present and future values of your loan, but banks don't typically make these types of transactions based on the characteristics of an individual loan.
I don't want to ruin your childhood, but, some companies are in the red with no sight of seeing black on their balance sheets in the future with whatever Kay-Bee toys business model was. Some business models just don't adapt to changes in the game, and have been too inefficient for too long. They run a business, not a charity.  EDIT: Not sure why I'm getting downvoted. We're not talking about a fantasy world where everyone will be employed and every business will succeed. That's just not realistic. If Kay-Bee toys was sold to Romney's Bain Capital means it was probably in shambles in the first place, and the employees would have lost their jobs anyway.
The question should be - do you need a debit card?  Other than American Express I have to tell my other credit card issuers to not make my cards dual debit/credit. Using a debit card card can be summed up easily - It creates a risk of fraud, errors, theft, over draft, and more while providing absolutely no benefit.   It was simply a marketing scheme for card companies to reduce risk that has lost favor, although they are still used.  That is why banks put it on credit cards by default if they can. (I am talking about logical people who can control not overspending because of debit vs. credit - as it is completely illogical that you would spend more based on what kind of card you have.)
"Already a lot of great answers, but since I ask myself this same question I thought I'd share my 2 cents.  As @user541852587 pointed out, behavior is of the essence here. If you're like most recent grads, this is probably the first time in your life you are getting serious about building wealth. Can you pay your loans down quickly and then have the discipline to invest just as much -- if not more -- than you were putting towards your loans? Most people are good at paying bills in full and on time, yet many struggle to ""pay themselves"" in full and on time.  As @Brandon pointed out, you can do both. I find this makes a great deal of practical sense. It helps form good behaviors, boosts confidence, and ""diversifies"" those dollars. I have been paying double payments on my student loans while at the same time maxing out my IRA, HSA, & 401k. I also have a rental property (but that's another can of worms). I'm getting on top and feeling confident in my finances, habits, etc. and my loans are going down. With each increase in pay, I intend to pay the loans down faster than I invest until they're paid off.  Again -- I like the idea of doing both."
When you want to pay a bill on line there are several ways to do it. You can give them your credit card details: Name on Card, zip code, credit card number, and 3 or 4 digit security code on the back. Most of the information is available on the card or via an easy Google search. If the crook has your card they can use it to buy something.  You can contact your bank's website and establish a one time or recurring transfer. You provide the information about the person/company. Your bank knows who you are because you used a secure system and your password. Their bank accepts the money because who would refuse money, they don't care who you are. You can provide the company with your bank info (bank number, your account number, and your name). If your bank limits their transactions via this method only to legitimate organizations, then your money will only be sent to legitimate organizations. But if the organization has no way of knowing who is on the other end of the phone or webpage, they may be withdrawing money from a bank account without the account owners permission.  In the example article a person found a charity that had lax security standards, they were recognized by the bank as a legitimate organization, so the bank transferred the money. The charity will point to the form and say they had permission from the owner, but in reality they didn't.  The subject of the article was correct, all the info required is on every check. It is just that most people are honest, and the few security hurdles that exist do stop most of the fraud.
This doesn't shock me.  I actually look forward to it.  I find that TV quality has taken a real nose dive in the last 10-15 years.  The Learning Channel is just pregnant teen midgets, the History Channel is now about truck driving hillbillies and aliens, and discovery is ... well I don't even know what it is anymore.  It seems those channels are changing to favor those who still like tv - and the people still watching tv enjoy teen pregnant truck driving midgets.
So, you agree that the government is actively colluding with klepto-capitalists to restructure the US into a series of all-dominating monopolies crushing consumer value and worker interests, but you don't think the gov officials doing that are in it for their own gain and not yours?  Bro, do me a favor, look up Hillary Clinton's net worth, and tell me how the fuck she did that on a gov salary. Look up Susan Rice's net worth. Look up just about any congressmans net worth and tell me how the fuck they did that.
It depends on the timing of the events. Sometimes the buying company announces their intention but the other company doesn't like the deal. It can go back and forth several times, before the deal is finalized. The specifics of the deal determine what happens to the stock: The deal will specify when the cutoff is. Some people want the cash, others want the shares.  Some will speculate once the initial offer is announced where the final offer (if there is one) will end up. This can cause a spike in volume, and the price could go up or down. Regarding this particular deal I did find the following: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/expedia-to-acquire-orbitz-worldwide-for-12-per-share-in-cash-300035187.html Additional Information and Where to Find It Orbitz intends to file with the SEC a proxy statement as well as other   relevant documents in connection with the proposed transaction with   Expedia. The definitive proxy statement will be sent or given to the   stockholders of Orbitz and will contain important information about   the proposed transaction and related matters. SECURITY HOLDERS ARE   URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT CAREFULLY WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE   AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY   AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THOSE DOCUMENTS, BECAUSE THEY WILL   CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. The proxy statement and other relevant   materials (when they become available), and any other documents filed   by Expedia or Orbitz with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at   the SEC's website, at www.sec.gov. In addition, security holders will   be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement from Orbitz by   contacting Investor Relations by mail at ATTN: Corporate Secretary,   Orbitz Worldwide, Inc., 500 W. Madison Street, Suite 1000, Chicago,   Illinois 60661.
The use of an old address would make me suspect that your data was stolen from some database you had registered to long ago with the old address.  I would think that contacting your credit rating firm and the credit card company is urgent.
No, they do this to change behavior by providing a disincentive (the stick) - $2 fee - on something they want their customers to do less of. In this case, they want everyone to sign up for automatic billing via CC or bank transfer.  Their mistake was to not combine this with a positive incentive (the carrot) on the behavior they want more of. In this case, they should have promised a $2 monthly discount for the first year for customers who switch to automatic billing.
There's some differences between 2008 and now.  Bush, then Obama didn't want to go after the bankers too hard because they were trying every trick in the book in order to try and reinstil confidence in the stock market and US financial system in order to convince people to start lending money again and break the country out of a deflationary liquidity cycle.  Today, even if Sears going boom tumbled a bunch of other commercial real estate firms and retail stores, it wouldn't suddenly make the banks insolvent in the short run.
&gt;Most unemployment insurance money goes right back into the economy anyway  The reason for that is because it's being given to poor people who need it for food and shelter and other things that are urgent.  If it goes to a millionaire this is not going to be the case.
this time float is a fabulous money maker for the banks.  someone owns that money during that time and creams whatever interest is earned during those few days, and guess who that is.  I think most of is is deliberate
"&gt;a startup has every intention of doing right.  Most self-identified ""startups"" I have known (as distinguished from actual profit-seeking ""small businesses"") have, as their primary intent, the long-term goal of *selling shares to investors*.   This is different from an actual *business* that sells products to customers. I'm sometimes a little skeptical."
I haven't worked with Xero before, but can't you just set it up as accounts payable? Put in an accounts payable for the contract. When the client makes a payment, the accounts payable goes down and the cash goes up.
I follow bitcoin more than you think.  I suspect I understand it better than you do.  So, back to our conversation.  Let's stipulate for a moment that you *can* track things in the fashion that you have suggested.  That then says to me that it would be relatively easy to ban bitcoin - you can just track down addresses, link them with people, and follow those addresses around.   This would stand in stark contrast to the repeated denials by the hodlers that bitcoin can't be regulated - it's too decentralized, anonymous, etc.  To many it has been held out as the perfect way to escape the state (i.e. a libertarian's wet dream).  What say you to this?  It's either very difficult to track and regulate, or it's very easy to track and regulate.
It depends on the way you have directed the order and the execution agreement you have signed with your broker. In case of DMA (direct market access) you would direct your order to the specific exchange - and that exchange would post your offer, assuming you did not tag it as hidden. However, if you just gave your order to the broker (be it via telephone, email or even online), they may not have to display your order to the market or chose which exchange to sell it on. It will also depend where the stock is listed. For most US listed and OTC stocks, regulation NMS applies where your order should have been executed against if it went to the exchanges. Check your account opening docs and agreements, particulary the execution agreement. In there it will tell you how your order should be treated. In case where the broker stipulates that you have DMA or that they will direct your order to Lit markets (public exchanges and not market making firms and dark-pools) then you may have a case - you would need to request information to whcih exchange your broker sent the order to. In case that you gave them discretion on routing of your order - read the fine print. The answer lies there. Regarding NBBO missing you quote as quantycuenta suggested above is also a possibility, however Reg NMS should take care of this. Do you have stock and date & time of your order?
The thing about the US and oil is that, we both produce and consume a lot of it. Yes the oil producing parts of the US economy benefit from a higher oil price and are hurt by a lower oil price, but the oil consuming sectors of the US economy benefit from a low oil price. So, it's hard to say definitively whether lower oil prices hurt or help the US as a whole. Although, I personally suspect that low oil prices benefit the USA economy more than they hurt it.
"Yeah most employers will say that their employment is ""at will"" and they can fire for anything but that's usually not true. If someone gets fired there has to be a reason. Those agreements that people are often required to sign when they start a job are not legally binding in any courtroom at all.  Employers will usually lie about it because they are breaking the law and they know it. The only situation where they could get away with not having a reason to terminate someone is if they do not replace that person, which is a lay off. Basically any other circumstance they had a reason and they are responsible for that reason."
There is a moral and legal obligation to file the earnings. Not doing so is tax fraud. You should keep a ledger or some record of your earnings, helpful guidelines here. Records are required by the CRA: According to the law, your responsibilities include: (source) You could get in trouble if one of your pupils report the expense at their tax filing, and the CRA finds no matching statement on your filing report. Tutoring are eligible for tax credit in case of disability: Tutoring services that are supplementary to the primary education of a person with a learning disability or an impairment in mental functions, and paid to a person in the business of providing these services to individuals who are not related to the person. A medical practitioner must certify in writing that these services are necessary. So if one of your pupils fall under that provision, you will get tax trouble sooner or later. Bottom line: start making records now, and report your earnings. Collect your tax as any lawful citizen is required to.
Thank you for the links on VBA and R.  I took several years of C++ programming in high school, so hopefully the concepts are similar.  Initially I really wanted to get in to the investment side, but there aren't very many entry level investment related analyst positions that get posted in the Seattle area.  If I only applied to the few investment related positions, I don't know if I would ever get a job, so I branched out to corporate finance as well out of necessity.
"Keep in mind, if the name is trademarked, you might have it taken away from you. If it's generic, there's a good chance the potential buyer would just move on and set up another domain name. Consider web names such as Stockpickr. The proper spelling is there, and remains unused, ""This domain may be for sale"" at the top of the page. I'm guessing they asked for too much money and the potential buyer just decided to move on. We are at the point where the new domain extensions (.space .name .guru and hundreds more) have watered down the potential value of many sets of words. I'm sure there are still good names, and yours might be as good as you think, but you might find resistance getting a deal that lasts beyond the sale date."
You're being too hard on yourself. You've managed to save quite a bit, which is more than most people ever do. You're in a wonderful position, actually -- you have savings and time! You don't mention how long you want/need to continue working, but I'll assume 20 years or so? You don't have to invest it all at once. Like Pete B says, index funds (just read what Mr. Buffett said in recent news: he'd tell his widow to invest in the S&P 500 Index and not Berkshire Hathaway!) should be a decent percentage. You can also pick a target fund from any of the major investment firms (fees are higher than an Index, but it will take care of any asset allocation decisions). Put some in each. Also look at retirement accounts to take advantage of tax-deferred or tax-free growth, but that's another question and country-specific. In any case, don't even blink when the market goes down. And it will go down. If you're still working, earning, and saving, it'll just be another opportunity to buy more at lower prices. As for the house, no reason you can't invest and save for a house. Invest some for the long term and set aside the rest for the house in 1-5 years. If you don't think you'll ever really buy the house, though, invest the majority of it for the long-term: I have a feeling from the tone of your question that you tend to put off the big financial decisions. So if you won't really buy the house, just admit it to yourself now!
The spring on the garage door will always break at some point of time. The garage doors are frequently used and with constant up and down the string are bound to suffer a metal fatigue and will break. The professional garage door repair service will easily replace the spring and your garage door will be back to work in no time.
First step is to see if you have any family members which can co-sign for you so you can get a credit card, then from there as you pay off the credit cards payments you can slowly build credit. However, since you don't have any previous credit history it'll be a slow process. I think that would be a good first step in the right direction. Alternatively, you can see if close relatives such as your parents can help pay for a financial advisor who can help you much better with issues like these
Here's an example (US, not Canada) that shows up to a 30% increase for first 6 months after a >30 day lapse, but the best data will come from actual quotes from insurers. If you can do without driving for 2 years it's almost certainly worth dropping coverage and a car for that duration and paying an increased insurance rate for a spell after the lapse. I'm not sure how it works in Canada, but when living with my parents they could not exclude me from their insurance once I was a licensed driver. The insurance company considered me to have access to all vehicles, so my presence increased insurance rates. If you live with your mother, you'll have to check with your insurer to see how that works.
PayPal pays with service tax, where ever you have exported you would have given the invoice, and the statement should be shown. I am also an exporter, I know the rules some times a CA might not be aware of PayPal. Just show your statement from PayPal and the deduction.
When discussing housing, food, education, healthcare, and personal safety why are you bringing the value of labor into it! We are all the same fallen apes trying to make it in this world. Try having some empathy and compassion.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.wsj.com/articles/in-defense-of-the-dismal-science-1503679118) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; In a recent essay, Ricardo Reis, an economist at the London School of Economics, argues that failing to foretell a financial crash is no more an indictment of economics than failing to predict when a patient will die is an indictment of medicine.  &gt; Economists didn&amp;#039;t predict the financial crisis, Prof. Reis notes, but they did help to arrest it by applying theory and experience: &amp;quot;The economy did not die, and a Great Depression was avoided, in no small part due to the advances of economics over many decades.""  &gt; Economists ask: Will it change employers&amp;#039; demand for workers who earn the minimum wage? Or what they pay workers who earn just above the minimum? Or the prices they charge, or how much market share they lose to companies that don&amp;#039;t face the higher minimum or how much they invest in automation? Does it reduce turnover and thus make workers more productive?   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6x2mby/in_defense_of_the_dismal_science_full_article/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~201507 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **economist**^#1 **economic**^#2 **work**^#3 **More**^#4 **economy**^#5"
My friend is the king of Nigeria with lots of gold. He would love to sign up for your program. He usually pays commission in direct gold deposits to your bank account. If you are interested I can have him contact you and he will reach you directly.
I think you'd be adding the transaction fee each time, so let's say it's 3% or minimum $10, your balance would be almost $580 by November.  Unless for some reason you have a permanent no balance transfer fee card or the two cards let you pay bills without charging a cash fee of some sort.
I'd say $1M is a reach and not guaranteed in any way. A friend that goes to a top target has said the upper end is about $100k including bonus first year in IB, and sticking in banking might get you to $500k after about 5 years. The pay advances a lot better than it does in engineering/tech.  Your major doesn't really matter as long as you have a solid GPA and can answer technicals.
"Canada would most likely not convert any time in the near future. The challenge for Canada converting to the US Dollar or the fictional ""Amero"" mentioned by JohnFX is that : Some of the benefits would be: The challenge right now for any government would be to sell the pros over the cons and from that viewpoint the cons would appear to have more negative impact to voters.  Considering that Canada currently has a minority government with no expected change to that status for some time the risk would be very high. For more details see Pros and Cons of Canadian Monetary Union and to see the Mexican impact see North American Currency Union It is interesting to note that currency union was first proposed in 1999 when the Canadian Dollar fluctuated between $0.64 to $0.69 US.  The Canadian Dollar is closer to par with the US Dollar currently (in fact it rose to $1.10 US in Nov. 2007).  Look-up historical rates at the Bank of Canada"
It is a sad day indeed, for one of our own has decided to leave us. Let's honor threepeckeredgoat with a stroll down memory lane. The following links will lead you to /u/threepeckeredgoat's MVP moments in /r/economy.       __Top Commments__  + [Legal immigrants are fine for the countr...](/r/economy/comments/6rktvf/fewer_immigrants_mean_more_jobs_not_so_economists/dl66gfa) + [https://ih1.redbubble.net/image.28242645...](/r/economy/comments/6vaasl/donald_trump_national_debt_has_decreased_by_12/dm02dyy) + [Actually I do know what it takes. I watc...](/r/economy/comments/6rktvf/fewer_immigrants_mean_more_jobs_not_so_economists/dl6klkv) + [Yeah wtf... this does not seem like an e...](/r/economy/comments/6vksjl/us_stocks_fall_after_trump_threatens_government/dm1s5xu) + [You are correct, our founding fathers we...](/r/economy/comments/6vaasl/donald_trump_national_debt_has_decreased_by_12/dm1rbrh)   If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads
The two biggest issues that impact your question I would say are diversification and fees. If you have $10,000 to invest and only invest it in two securities, then a 20% drop in one security can have you lose 10% of your initial investment which I would consider a very high risk scenario. If you have $10,000 to invest and invest it in 20 securities, then a 20% drop in one security would only cause you to lose 1% of your initial investment. So far this is looking better from a diversification point of view. But then the issue of fees comes in. If you paid $10 per trade to buy those 20 securities you already spent 2% of your initial investment in fees! Not to mention you will pay at least another $200 to get out of all those positions. No right answer - but those are the two factors I always try to balance.
Personally, I'm a big fan of second price auctions anyway. It seems that applying that structure to this market would drop the incentive to get any sort of last look or any of the other collusion coming from these bid rigging schemes. Also, it seems like this is buy side collusion which is really strange. Generally it's considered a good thing when the price of goods drops closer to the marginal cost. In general, any points that a municipality gets on the money above what they're paying on the bond issue is a good thing. The less the banks have to pay to borrow those funds in the short term, the less they can loan them out for.
They cannot refuse to accept coins and demand some other payment after providing a good or service.  Legal tender is legal tender for all debts.  But until they provide the good or service, they don't have to accept it.   In this case, you want the service of depositing money.  But by its nature, they have to accept the payment first.  In that situation, they can refuse it.  There is no law that banks have to accept your deposits.  If they don't want you as a customer, that's their problem.   Consider switching banks.  Historically this was easier and some banks may still do things the old way.  Call your local banks and ask.  Perhaps you'll find someone happy to do business with you, on your terms.   As already said, some coin rolling machines will pay you with gift certificates.  If you plan to buy a sufficient amount from the place that accepts the gift certificate, this can get that place to play the fee.  That may help you, although it is obviously a limited solution.  The goal is to make it so that you only make purchases that you would have anyway.  The seller obviously has a different goal.   It's possible to buy coin sorters.  Heck, you could buy one with a gift certificate from a public machine.  Cheap ones require extra work to get the coins rolled and may jam a lot.  More expensive ones do more of the work for you.  Note that a given sorter that works better may be cheaper than another that doesn't work as well.  Cheap is more of a qualitative judgment than a financial measure in this case.   If you carry a small amount of change with you, pretty much everywhere accepts small amounts of change for purchases.  So if you have been always paying with dollars and dumping the change in a jar, instead always give the correct change (coins).  They may still give you dollars in change, but at least you won't get new coins.  And you'll use some of your existing coins.  Of course, this doesn't scale well.   For small purchases, say $1.50, you can often pay the whole thing in change without argument.  Or if something is $18.50, you might give them $10, $5, two $1 bills, and the rest in change.   If you are buying something and can see that they have little change in one of the coin buckets, offer to swap some change for bills.  Sometimes places find that easier than breaking a roll.   With vending machines, use change instead of dollar bills.  Especially use exact change so as not to convert bills to change.  They usually don't take pennies, but they're great with nickels and above.   This won't allow you to use change as a way to force yourself to save.  But it will keep your change down to a manageable level going forward.  And you might be able to use up your existing store.  I'm assuming that this isn't a fifty year coin collection that you are just now starting to process.  But if you have six months of change, you should be able to use it up in a year or so.   I tend to do this.  So I rarely have more than a couple dollars in change.  No one ever tells me that they don't take change, because I don't give anyone a lot.  Maybe $.99 here but more likely $.43 there.  Sometimes I give them, e.g., $.07 so as to get $.25 in change rather than $.18.   It's a little more work at every transaction, but it saves the big clump of work of rolling the coins.  And you don't have to buy wrappers.
No rep from amazon has ever stroked my ego, so I don’t know what you mean.   And as far as “reps” go - people who help you with products beyond paint and decor rarely understand what they are selling - hence the “1 guy” they all depend on, vs the staff at a home store in Japan who all work in areas they know.   So.. what exclusives? Are you buying tractors or some shit? Forklifts full of A-C subfloor?   If you are buying enough to save “hundreds of dollars” at a time, I assume you are a contractor, and you a) should already know your shit, so reps are just there to prepare paperwork, and b) missing the point of what I am saying.   If I call a parts supply warehouse and ask them for a [661-8124](http://www.powerbookmedic.com/parts/661-8124/Logic-Board-35GHz-Core-i7-Quad-Core-4GB.html), I’m not going to ask them what model it goes in or how to install it. The rep’s competence could easily be replaced by Amazon.   If I have A broken Mac, I want to go to a store where they know how to fix it and give me advice, and in that manner Home Depot often falls flat.   So they will eventually get their hat handed to them - because eventually Amazon will beat them in distribution and they won’t have the volume to warrant a chain of stores to draw foot traffic.
"Are there any known protections against obvious typos in the stock systems themselves? Do you know of stock exchanges which flags or rejects obviously wrong buy or sell orders (e.g., selling something for 0.1% of its highest buy order, or buying something at 1000 times the current sell order)? Does the stock exchange ""community"" have some sort of ""rules of conduct"" for this? Yes and No. Most Stock Exchanges for certain set of stocks have circuit breakers that are more to restrict panic selling or artificial drop in prices. The kind of controls you are mentioning can't be put on individual trades; as stock exchanges are meant to guarantee / provide neutral ground for the price to be determined by demand / supply. There are quite a few companies that have quickly lost value and become worthless with a day or two. Hence it becomes difficult to determine if something is error by an individual or not. Once an order is submitted to the exchange, it can't afford the to and fro to verify ... as even few seconds make a different in volatile markets. The kind of errors reported are difficult for an individual to make as he would not own the kind of stocks and the stock broker will stop the trade from being placed."
How was Scunthorpe steelworks sold for £1?  I have £1, what is to stop me from buying a hyper distressed company like this for so cheaply? Why doesn't this happen more often? What are the advantages and disadvantages of the sale to the buyers and sellers?
I've never read such a bullshit article in my life. The alternative to garment manufacturing jobs in places like Bangladesh is subsistence agriculture, completely outside of the cash economy.  If Communist/SJW of the West want to do something for the global poor, they need to look at population control and family planning. An overpopulated country will mean high pressures on the cost of living, and increased supply of labour will mean lower wages.  This is exactly what China has done - control population, and let the free market dictate wages and conditions. Look at the result - the biggest uplift of a population from poverty in history, with wages still growing yearly.  By contrast, look at Africa. The entire continent is supported by foreign aid, and its a basketcase, with the population of the continent forecast to grow to 4b by the end of the century.
If his ATM card is operational and (assuming it is Visa/Mastercard), he can use it at grocery stores and get cashback. Typically, there is no charge for this service.
&gt; Vouchers pay the private schools what the public school would have received in the first place. The public school doesn't pay as much in taxes, and has a government supported administration that cuts waste at every chance. So the private schools collect all the voucher money, figure out they can't turn a profit, and go bankrupt. Sending all the kids they had enrolled back to the public schools or forcing another issuance of another voucher. Costing the school system double to triple for every kid that gets screwed that way. Which means the public school system doesn't have that money in their budget either, forcing further cuts.   I have never considered this before. I can see the issue with it. You've changed my view on vouchers being a good system.  &gt;Secondarily it also causes self segregation at the schools, because all the affluent parent can afford to drive their kids to another school, poor kids need a bus that's not covered by a voucher. So we end up with schools that are 90% black/hispanic with only 50% speaking english in a county that is 66% white. While around the corner is a 90% white school where only 5% speak spanish when over 25% of the population does. And that's just the racial demographics that are immediately obvious. The poverty levels are harder to get data on.  I don't consider this is necessarily a bad thing though. If schools are self segregated, it allows for teachers to teach in a certain way that is better for their demographic.   &gt;Either school security officer Bob on a power trip, or the delinquent in the hall, the problem is the same. Fearing for safety when there really shouldn't be a problem.  You don't get either of those at schools where there is almost no poverty. You will have the same problem in Canada if you move to a school district that has a significant amount of poverty.  &gt;And I get the feeling you don't live near a population center.  I don't live in a big city, but I live in a suburban area.
"My answer isn't a full one, but that's because I think the answer depends on, at minimum, the country your broker is in, the type of order you place (limit, market, algo, etc.,) and the size of your order. For example, I can tell from watching live rates on regular lot limit orders I place with my UK-based broker that they hold limit orders internally until they see a crossing rate on the exchange my requested stock is trading on, then they submit a limit order to that exchange.  I only get filled from that one exchange and this happens noticeably after I see my limit price print, and my fills are always better than my limit price. Whereas with my US-based broker, I can see my regular lotsize limit order in the order book (depth of book data) prior to any fills.  I will routinely be notified of a fill before I see the limit price print.  And my fills come from any number of US exchanges (NYSE, ARCA, BATS, etc.) even for the same stock. I should point out that the ""NBBO"" rule in the US, under SEC regulation NMS, probably causes more complications in handling of market and limit orders than you're likely to find in most countries."
You're in the same situation I'm in (bought new house, didn't sell old house, now renting out old house). Assuming that everything is stable, right now I'd do something besides pay down your new mortgage. If you pay down the mortgage at your old house, that mortgage payment will go away faster than if you paid down the one on the new house.  Then, things start to get fun.  You then have a lot more free cash flow available to do whatever you like. I'd tend to do that before searching for other investments.  Then, once you have the free cash flow, you can look for other investments (probably a wise risk) or retire the mortgage on your residence earlier.
"As you use the equations do you stop and ask, ""Why is this option better than using something else?"" In physics I have to do this all the time. Two different equations can give the same solution, or something similar, but along with the solution one may give interesting output along the way and the other may give no meaningful output other than the solution. A physics example to highlight my point: do I want to use sin(x) or the series expansion of sin(x)? I apologize in advance for my ignorance if this follow up questions is not applicable."
Dude, let go of the Muslims all being terrorists thing. One of us is wrong on the thing they keep bring up. It ain't me.   Who I voted for is none of your business. I intentionally don't share such information. The only reason you want to know is so that you can bash me for my opinion. That's why you brought up Obama and Bernie. No, thanks. Go pester someone else about their politics.
"Banks are currently a lot less open to 'creative financing' than they were a few years ago, but you may still be able to take advantage of the tactic of splitting the loan into two parts, a smaller 'second mortgage' sometimes called a 'purchase money second' at a slightly higher interest rate for around 15-20% of the value, and the remaining in a conventional mortgage.  Since this tactic has been around for a long time, it's not quite in the category of the shenanegans they were pulling a few years back, so has a lot more potential to still be an option.  I did this in for my first house in '93 and again in '99 when I moved to a larger home after getting married.  It allowed me to get into both houses with less than 20% down and not pay PMI. This way neither loan is above 80% so you don't have to pay PMI.  The interest on the second loan will be higher, but usually only a few percent, and is thus usually a fraction of what you were paying for the PMI. (and it's deductible from your taxes) If you've been making your payments on time and have a good credit rating, then you might be able to find someone who would offer you such a deal.  You might even be able to get a rate for your primary that is down in the low 4's depending on where rates are today and what your credit rating is like.   If you can get the main loan low enough, even if the other is like say 7%, your blended rate may still be right around 5% If you can find a deal like this, it's also great material to use to negotiate with your current lender ""either help me get the PMI off this loan or I'm going to refinance.""  Then you can compare what they will offer you with what you can get in a refinance and decide what makes the most sense for you.  On word of warning, when refinancing, do NOT get sucked into an adjustable rate mortgage.  If you are finding life 'tight' right now with house payments and all, the an ARM could be highly seductive since they often offer a very low initial rate.. however then invariably adjust upwards, and you could suddenly find yourself with a monster payment far larger than what you have now.  With low rates where they are, getting a conventional fixed rate loan (or loans in the case of the tactic being discussed here) is the way to go."
If you are to take your lead generation campaign to another level, you have to do more than read call scripts over the phone or send cookie cutter emails to random contacts. In a highly diversified market, relying on any single method to generate leads is about as effective as having only one leg in a one-on-one football match.  Make a switch to multi-channel lead generation and watch your marketing campaign shoot forward like someone who just grabbed some magic mushroom in Mario Kart.
Graduating from college is probably one of the most fulfilling triumphs you’ll ever achieve in your entire life. However, that joy also brings bigger responsibilities in life that could affect tax time too. This specific time in your life will have a lot to offer and before the winds of change take you to wherever you dream of, here are some advices from [Southbourne Tax Group](http://www.thesouthbournegroup.com/) to make your taxes easier where you can get a refund during filing time and save money as well.  If your modified adjusted gross income is below $80,000 and you’re single, up to $2,500 of the interest portion of your student loan payments can be tax deductible, and below $160,000 for married person filing jointly.   Job hunting expenses can be tax deductible too but there are exceptions such as expenses involved in your search for a new job in a new career field and working full-time for the first time. Major tax breaks are expected in case you are moving to a new and different city for your first job.    Get a jump start on retirement savings with your company’s 401(k). Each year, you can secure up to $18,000 from your income taxes by contributing on one. If you have a family coverage, you could secure $6,750 from contributing to a health savings account in case you are enrolled in a high-deductible health plan. And if you are single, you can secure up to $3,400. Placing your money into a flexible spending account could keep an added $2,600 out of your taxable income.    Getting big deductions for business expenses is possible if you are planning to be a freelancer or to be your own boss as a new college graduate. Southbourne Group also advises saving at least 25% of what you’re earning for the IRS.   Research more about lifetime learning credit and understand its importance. You can claim up to $2,000 of a tax credit for post-secondary work at eligible educational institutions. This is possible if your adjusted gross income is below $65,000 as a single filer, or below $131,000 as a married person filing jointly.  Saving money has a lot of benefits and one of which is cutting your tax bill. If you’re a married person filing jointly and have an adjusted gross income of less than $62,000, you may qualify for the saver’s credit, while for a single filer, it should be below $31,000. That can reduce your tax bill by up to 50% of the first $2,000 if you’re a single filer, or $4,000 if you’re a married person filing jointly you contribute to an eligible retirement plan.   Southbourne Tax Group doesn’t want you to overspend on tax software and getting professional help in this regard. The firm suggests using the free packages from trusted tax software companies if your tax situation is quite simple. Get that professional help at Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program, which can help you meet with a pro at little or no cost.
This is the end goal. Drivers are a temporary inconvenience for these companies.   That's not to say that they'll be immediately profitable when they don't have to pay drivers as I imagine there will be a steep race to the bottom as one tries to undercut the other.
It's not a question with a single right answer.  Other answers have addressed some aspects, my case may provide some guidance as to one way of looking at some of the issues. When I had student loans, the interest rate was RPI¹ and I could get more than that as the return on a savings account.  At the time I could get a whole year's worth of loan at the start of the year, save it, and draw from the savings, partly because I had a little working capital saved already.  Importantly in my case, the loans were use-it-or-lose-it: if I didn't take the loan out by about halfway through each academic year, it was no longer available to me. The difference in interest rates was probably similar to what you can get with a careful choice of savings account and 0% on the loan (I did this in the 90s when interest rates were higher). Over a four year degree the interest I earned this way added up to no more than about £100, which went someway towards offsetting the fact I would be paying interest after graduation. If you can clear the loan before you pay any interest it would give you a return, but a small one that could easily be eroded by rate changes or errors on your part (like not keeping on top of the paperwork).  It still may be beneficial to take out the loans depending on your capital needs -- in my case it made buying a house after graduating much easier, as we still had money for the deposit (downpayment) and student loan rates were much lower than mortgage rates (100% mortgages were also available then, but expensive). ¹ RPI stands for retail price index, a measure of inflation.
Theo thuyết Ngũ hành tương sinh ( Kim sinh Thủy, Thủy sinh Mộc, Mộc sinh Hỏa, Hỏa sinh Thổ, Thổ sinh Kim ) thì:  - người mạng hỏa nên chọc mộc – các loại Tiền để đầu tư - người mạng thủy nên chọn kim – Vàng để đầu tư - người mạng mộc nên chọn thủy – Dầu thô để đầu tư - người mạng kim nên chọn thổ – Bất động sản để đầu tư  =&gt; người mạng thổ nên ủy thác đầu tư =&gt; người mạng kim nên ủy thác đầu tư ở các kênh đầu tư Vàng – Chứng Khoán
Yes, becoming a millionaire is a reasonable goal.  Saving 15% of your income starting at age 25 and investing in the stock market will likely get you there. The CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) of the S&P 500 over the last 35 years has been about 11%. (That 35 years includes at least two fairly serious crashes.) You may get more or less than that number in the future, but let's guess that you'll average 9%. Let's say that you begin with nothing invested, and you start investing $100 per week at age 25. (If your annual income is $35,000, that is about 15% of your income.)  You decide to invest your money in an S&P 500 index mutual fund. 35 years from now when you are 60 years old, you would be a millionaire ($1.2 Million, actually). You may earn less than the assumed 9%, depending on how the stock market does.  However, if you stick with your 15% investment amount throughout your whole career, you'll most likely end up with more, because your income will probably increase during your career.  And you will probably be working past age 60, giving your investments time to earn even more.
Some liquidity Since you're using IB, and you seem to be an investor not a trader, so you won't notice especially if you walk your orders, but you will suffer the bid/ask spread as everyone else albeit wider.   If buying, the best strategy unless if one is time constrained is to walk the entire bid from the best bid to the best ask.  It is highly likely that someone will hit your order before you hit the best ask.  If they don't, as a long term investor, the few pennies won't make or break you, especially if the price per share is 100 USD equivalent, but it is an excellent habit to form and fun. Since you're buying ETFs, even though your orders are small, you would be adding liquidity to your market, helping it become more efficient because your orders could be used to arbitrage against all of the ETF's holdings, in turn providing liquidity for those holdings. No liquidity This could only be done with an extremely low cost broker like IB because the trading commissions would make it prohibitively expensive. There are huge risks when trading an illiquid security such as VEUR.  EWL would be much less risky thus less expensive. Securities with no liquidity can be traded, but they must be traded very carefully.  In the case of a security that can only attract about 20 shares per day in volume, only single shares should be bid.  The market makers, suffering from a dearth in volume may not even be willing to haggle; therefore, the only recourse is a statistical arbitrageur, who will attempt to profit from the spread between other more liquid versions of the security. Considering the available alternative, VEUR is not recommended to trade.
Yours two funds are redundant.  Both are designed to have a mix of bonds and stocks and allow you to put all your money in them.  Pick the one that has the lowest fees and stick with that (I didn't look at the funds you didn't select...they didn't look great either).  Although all your funds have high fees, some are higher than others, so don't ignore fees. When you have decided on your portfolio weights, prioritize your money thus: Contribute enough to your 401(k) to get the full match from your employer Put everything else toward paying off that credit card until you have 0 balance.  It's ok to use the card, but let it be little enough that you pay your statement balance off each month so you pay no interest. Then set aside some savings and invest any retirement money into a Roth IRA.  At your income level your taxes are low so Roth is better than traditional IRA or 401(k).  If you max out your Roth, put any other retirement savings in your 401(k).
Honestly man, that's awesome. I'm super happy you have a great job and a caring company. I've been out of school now for a year and at my current career just over a year. They haven't offered me an increase yet, but I know I could snag another job and make 40% more. It's tough knowing that no matter what they can't / won't match it. Granted I'm probably at a different level /seniority of my career then you, but I speak for my current market and those in my age group (&lt;25) it's much more lucrative to move out and up then stay within.    Edit: and their business model is to hire outside rather than promote (don't ask me...)
"Thank goodness you replied again before i did i completely forgot to respond and that notification was a good reminder. Im genuinely enjoying the conversation and sorry about the name calling most of my political and economic debates happen with family where name calling is not only accepted but expected lol.    &gt; Too many people walk into the emergency room uninsured, or under-insured. They get emergent care that they are not covered for, and the hospitals jack up the prices greatly in the hopes of getting a larger portion reimbursed by Medicare  [this link] (https://insight.kellogg.northwestern.edu/article/who-bears-the-cost-of-the-uninsured-nonprofit-hospitals) seems to contradict that statment. i dont know enough about the system to say youre wrong but it doesnt sound very real to me.   &gt;Again, Switzerland has lower tax rates than the US, but they don't even crack the top 20 when it comes to countries with low taxes.  Youre obviously not wrong but there are many places on that list id love to retire in. Amongst the developed world from what im seeing [here] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_tax_rates) has the 27th lowest individual income tax rate when it applies to there highest bracket. now i use the term ""developed"" very loosely here as there are countries ahead of them on that list that clearly arent part of the developed world but its not up to me to decide what the swiss rank is.  &gt;So you work in construction, an industry in which commercial is notorious for underbidding a contract (whether to government or to private), and then running into unexpected overages that cause the job to go over schedule, over budget.  This is dangerously false. The industry isnt known for underbidding and going over budget. Only really really really bad contractors do that. What a lot of good contractors do is, when you know a general contractor for a long time or youre trying to to build a relationship you do eachother favors so they will say for instance ""hey man i dont have the budget to pay you what you need so take a loss on this one and we'll take care of you on the next one"" or they will find some money unaccounted for in the budget and throw it your way in the form of extra work done.   &gt;Its not like the government just sits around and takes it. I know of at least one federal contractor who went to federal prison for fraudulently winning contracts in my part of the country.  In my line of work they really do just sit back and take it, from what ive experience you have to be super greedy and really fuck up to get their attention. 1 job i did, i was only there for 3 weeks total and in that 3 week period i saw all types of osha violations, rescource waste, time waste and plenty of govenrment workers who didnt really know what they were doing ""checking"" on the job to make sure progress was being made.   &gt;It is because government has tremendous resources that they can throw at a problem.  This is where we really do differ, i see this as a bad thing. I see it as them not spending money efficiently money that they got from me and my hard work. Look at the f22 raptor for instance it is now 3 times over budget from the projections for how much of an upgrade? Whats the point of a contract if someone can just go over budget 3 times over without anyone blinking an eye. Why not just say ""get it done and bill us"". I understand your point of view completely i just vehemently disagree with it especially because i think the government source of revenue is based around theft."
In the end you, your dad, and your brother should come to an agreement so there's no surprises or unfulfilled expectations, but here's my opinion: If you can afford to make the additions now: I would offer to pay fully for the addition, with the understanding that the additional value that it generates is yours.  That keeps everything in your name, and should be fair since you pay for the expense and someday reap the benefit. If you can't afford to make the additions now: I see two options: have your brother buy your father's house, giving you half of the proceeds, and use those proceeds to make the addition as above, or split the cost of the addition and have some sort of contract drawn up promising to reimburse him (with the amount of the reimbursement very clear, like XXX dollars plus accrued interest at Y% annually) as a condition to selling the house.   One other part you didn't mention is any compensation you get for keeping your father at your house.  What compensation (if any) you get is not as important as making sure that the three of you all agree on what is fair.   In any case, clear, honest communication and full agreement is key. There is a very real risk that when your father's estate is settled that there will be disputes over what the agreement was and who it entitled to what.  Having everything in writing may sound cold, but it keeps everyone on the same page.
Here are some ways my family saves money on our home insurance: Here are a couple of good articles on the subject: Finally - make sure you get adequate coverage!  Make sure you consider your real insurance needs, and not just the cost of the insurance.  If the worst happens, you'll want good coverage with a good company.
&gt;Note from the Editor: Hyperinflation is becoming more visible every day—just notice the next time you shop for groceries. All signs say America’s economic recovery is expected to take a nose dive and before it gets any worse you should read The Uncensored Survivalist. This book contains sensible advice on how to avoid total financial devastation and how to survive on your own if necessary. Click here for your free copy  If someone includes this kind of stuff on their website, I assume whatever they say is probably uninformed at best.
"Hard pulls you give your explicit permission to run do affect your credit.  Soft pulls do not. While hard pulls affect your score, they don't affect it much.  Maybe a couple few point for a little while.  In your daily activities, it is inconsequential.  If you are prepping to get a mortgage, you should be mindful. Similar type hard pulls in a certain time window will only count once, because it is assume you are shopping.  For example, mortgage shopping will result in a lot of hard pulls, but if they are all done in a fortnight, they only count against once.  (I believe the time window is actually a month, but I have always had two weeks in my head as the safe window.) The reason soft pulls don't matter is because businesses typically won't make credit decisions based on them.  A soft pull is so a business can find a list of people to make offers to, but that doesn't mean they ACTUALLY qualify.  Only the information in a hard pull will tell them that.  I don't know, but I suspect it is more along the lines of ""give me everybody who is between 600 and 800 and lives in zip code 12344"" not ""what is series0ne's credit score?"" A hard pull will lower your score because of a scenario where you open up many many lines of credit in a short period of time.  The credit scoring models assume (I am guessing) that you are going to implode.  You are either attempting to cover obligations you can't handle, or you are about to create a bunch of obligations you can't handle. Credit should be used as a convenient method of payment, not a source of wealth.  As such, each credit line you open in a short time lowers the score.  You are disincentivized to continue opening lines, and lenders at the end of your credit line opening spree will see you as riskier than the first."
Yes, on the settlement the stock is yours to sell with no risk of freeride or day trading applying.
Avoir les équipements de restauration parfaits résout de nombreux problèmes et vous aide à faire de la nourriture délicieuse. Allez sur Internet pour trouver le bon type d'équipement dont vous avez besoin et qui correspond à vos besoins et à acheter en conséquence.
Couple of my friends went through a fraud agent who ran off with their money and the landlords were none the wiser. So it always pays to be a bit diligent. Are they a well known letting agents nationally ?  Many agents do have different accounts to manage their properties. Yours seems a case as such probably i.e. they manage the property on behalf of the landlord so keeping their monies differentiated. Did you sign an agreement ? If yes go through what is written in the agreement, most of it is same in all agreements but have a look anyway. Check if there is mention of deposit protection scheme. One thing you could do is go to a bank to do the transfer, the same bank where the letting agent holds their account and confirm from them if it is really a personal account or a business account. I am not sure how possible it is, but doesn't hurt to ask. If it is a personal account, then fraud is the most possible cause. The sort code should tell you which branch and which bank. Or the best option is to ask the estate agents to show a recent statement of the bank account, where the money is to be deposited into. Some tips
&gt; Say you repeal a tax, without reducing public spending. Then if you analyze the economic impact, that does not fairly represent the impact of the tax, now does it?  You are right but my issue is that you are accounting for changes that are not happening.  If you are comparing a country's tax structure before and after a wealth tax then I would agree; however, in this case all the subjects are separate economies and have (presumably) found some sort of equilibrium.  The wealth tax policy is not changing for them so there is no surplus or deficit of public spending to adjust for.
"[""Lights in the Tunnel""](http://www.thelightsinthetunnel.com/) dose a good job in coming up with an alternative economic system for when robots and machine replace most of the work done by humans.. Though personally I think that as technology evolves from factory sized machines which support employment to much smaller cheaper machines such as desktop 3D Printers or Lab-on-a-chip devices, then the need for factories and workers will disapear, replaced by a second industrial revolution - [“industrialization of the home”](http://nutrinium.blogspot.co.uk/2012/06/normal-0-false-false-false-en-gb-x-none.html), maybe.."
This is a topic which requires a lot of reading, but here's a place to start:  http://web.worldbank.org/WBSITE/EXTERNAL/DATASTATISTICS/EXTDECSTAMAN/0,,contentMDK:20908551~menuPK:2648276~pagePK:64168445~piPK:64168309~theSitePK:2077967~isCURL:Y,00.html  Essentially, (in an effort to make the GDP more accurate), we adjust it for things like inflation. The problem is that our inflation numbers were severely affected by changes Clinton made, including Hedonics.  GDP is adjusted by a inflation model that is different than our inflation reporting, meaning that the two do not represent comparable data, (which is why we can have a growing GDP but an apparent loss of purchasing power, even when the GDP growth isn't being concentrated in the already wealthy).  GDP itself is a concept that was introduced by Keynes, and is itself of limited utility, something Keynes himself talked about. It should never be used as a universal measure of economic health, although that's what we pretend it is today.
Is the stock's price at any given moment the price at which all shares could be sold to new investors? No.  For the simple fact that the current bid/offer always have sizes associated. What you should be looking at is the consolidated price to buy/sell X shares (10bn doesn't really work as not everyone is willing to sell/buy). If you look at the spread of the consolidated price at your quantity level, you'd notice it would be in stark contrast to the spread of the best bid/offer but (by definition) that would be the price to buy or sell X shares to new investors. Edit Calculation of the consolidated price of X shares: You go through the order book and calculate the size-weighted average price until you covered X. Example: So the consolidated price for 3000 shares would be $39.80, the consolidated price for 2000 shares would be $39.90.
Congrats on finishing your time and starting school.  I recommend reading the Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham.  Other than being a great basic investing book, it highlights a shift from actively managed brokerage accounts.  If you want to be an IB, it is important to understand the market you are getting into (and the different changing aspects of it).  As for further reading / prep, start learning about the Series 7, 63, 66 exams.  Become comfortable with finances and never stop reading.  Good luck!
A general rule of thumb is to avoid having more than 5% of your investments in any single stock, to avoid excessive risk; it's usually even more risky if you're talking company stock because an adverse event could result in an inferior stock price and you getting laid off. Under other circumstances, the ideal amount of company stock is probably 0%. But there are tax benefits to waiting, as you've noted, and if you're reasonably confident that the stock isn't likely to jerk around too much, and you have a high risk tolerance (i.e. lots of extra savings besides this), and you're comfortable shouldering the risk of losing some money, it might make sense to hold onto the stock for a year - but never any longer. The real risk to holding a lot of company stock doesn't depend on how often you buy it and sell it per se, but having period purchases every month should make it easier for you to ladder the funds, and regularly sell your old shares as you purchase new shares. You might also consider a stop-loss order on the stock at or near the price you purchased it at. If the stock is at $100, then you buy at $85, and then the stock drops to $85, there are no more outstanding tax benefits and it makes no sense to have it as part of your portfolio instead of any other speculative instrument - you probably get better diversification benefits with any other speculative instrument, so your risk-adjusted returns would be higher.
It's impossible to determine which event will cause a major shift for a certain currency pair. However, this does not mean that it's not possible to identify events that are important to the overall market sentiment and direction. There are numerous sites that provide a calendar for upcoming and past events and their impact which is most of the time indicated as low, medium and high. Such sites are: Edit: I would like to add to that, that while these are major market movers, you cannot forget that they mainly provide a certain direction for the market but that it's not always clear in which direction the market will go. A recent and prime example of a major event that triggered opposite effects of what you would expect, is the ECB meeting that took place the 3rd of December. Due to the fact that the market already priced in further easing by the ECB the euro strengthened instead of weakening compared to the dollar. This strengthening happened even though the ECB did in fact adjust the deposit by 10 base points to -0.30 % and increased the duration of the QE. Taking above example into consideration it's important to always remember that fundamentals are hard to grasp and that it will take a while to make it a second nature and become truly successful in this line of trading. Lastly, fundamentals are only a part of the complete picture. Don't lose sight of support and resistance levels as well as price action to determine when and how to enter a trade.
I still think it will be rather difficult. Best bet is to call around to the five or so closest dealers and express you are considering the car contingent on price (NOT PAYMENT). Ask for them to send you their best out-the-door price on a base model. Then when you get quotes from each of them, shop the lowest price around. Usually dealers will budge a few hundred bucks to beat other dealers.   But a 2018 STI will be difficult, if not impossible, to negotiate a few grand under MSRP. Understand that the people that buy this car are not doing so because it is a great bargain. So dealers can usually push this car at or near MSRP.   Lastly, do not set foot in a dealership until you have a firm out-the-door price. They will play sales tricks until you give up on negotiation and will pay anything just to get out of there. The only time you should go to the location is to sign papers and drive away with the car. Do not worry about being nice and congenial with the salesperson.   This advice got me my current vehicle at about 15% below the lowest True Car estimate. I don't claim this is the best advice out there but it works.
Here are the lists for the tax forms that Deluxe and Premier include. I think you'll be fine with Deluxe because it sounds like all you need is the Schedule D/8949 forms. Deluxe actually includes most investment related forms.
No major is useless, some are more useful than others though. I can't really comment on the usefulness of an Economics degree as I majored in Finance (Hopefully someone with an Economics BS/MS/MD can answer that for you here shortly). While I have your attention though, what has you interested in an Economics degree?
"&gt;It's Disney so they will stay family friendly vs another company that may have gone R.  ""Family friendly."" - i.e. neutered and toned down for moral Orels.   They should just turn the franchise over to HBO. Prudish families can go fuck themselves and die."
"I use Google Finance too. The only thing I have problem with is dividend info which it wouldn't automatically add to my portfolio. At the same time, I think that's a lot to ask for a free web site tool. So when dividend comes, I manually ""deposit"" the dividend payment by updating the cash amount. If the dividend comes in share form, I do a BUY at price 0 for that particular stock. If you only have 5 stocks, this additional effort is not bad at all. I also use the Hong Kong version of it so perhaps there maybe an implementation difference across country versions. Hope this helps. CF"
Me too. The guy who wrote this article is the same as me. I never watch commercials, and it's extremely rare if they ever cause me to go buy something. I really don't see the point in commercials anymore. Any commercials I do remember are the funny ones and I'll remember the characters better than the actual product. If it wasn't for Comcast bundling cable with our internet for a low price we wouldn't even have cable.     EDIT: I understand that commercials want brand awareness as well. My point is that this really doesn't apply to me because 95% of the products I buy(food, clothes, and electronics) currently don't have any commercials on TV, if ever. I'm a frugal shopper and if a commercial resonates with me, it's because it's a great deal and not because it's a brand name.
I'm going out on a limb and calling bullshit.  Here's a fact: Reddit has never turned a profit. And how will it? Unless you put up ads, or allow MANY more sponsored posts (a la Twitter), it's very difficult to see a monetization strategy for this site. Heck, most reddit users are offended at the very suggestion that reddit might be used - **gasp** to make *money.*
"Can you elaborate? What other countries are you talking about?   It's definitely not uncommon for publicly funded ""healthcare"" (unsure why you put this in quotations) to go to corporate revenues / profits. Canada and Switzerland are two examples off the top of my head who use similar systems. Many other countries use a private sector component.   ""The margins are huge"" largely because of government involvement. The bloated Resource-Based Relative Value Scale (RBRVS) standardized payment scheme determines payments for services based on the resource costs estimated by a committee that meets in private (the Relative Value Update Committee).   This impractical archaic value system has been adopted by 80% of private insurers, impairing their ability to drive down and offer more competitive prices."
My understanding is that fentanol should only be prescribed for cancer pain. Any other indication is inappropriate. But that most of the fentanol is illegally mixed in heroin, made in China and contributes to a lot of deaths. That isn't coming from doctors.
"No. That's idiotic. Blockchain is a security technology. It's like asking ""Will quantum computers replace Amazon and eBay?"" The answer is ""No,  you fucking moron, stop throwing buzzwords together like you're a 60 year old step dad trying to impress people."""
Or perhaps you like feeling superior to people and you forget that you should treat people with some basic respect by default. There's no reason to be openly rude to begin with. Yes my statement was overly general, and I later admitted I didn't know about what I was talking about and should have qualified better. But generally I have had good interactions with most people on reddit even when disagreeing with them. I love conversation and learning things and actually have very little problem with being called wrong. It just rubbed me the wrong way how your comment needed to personally belittle me through direct insults to get a point across when I was stating a general opinion. Your words didn't help to illustrate your point or advance the discussion, only to be insulting a rude.   Yes, this is the Internet and I should post on reddit like I have all the other message in the past and not try to fight the rudeness, hostility, and general rude and abrasive behavior of posters by default, but I've seen so much better here day after day. I try to treat people here with the utmost respect even when disagreeing with them. I just thought I would point out how off putting your comment is, and how unnecessary that attitude would have been because I would have admitted the same thing without your insults.   Also, you may not be a douchebag, but your last response uses the same belittling attitude of your other posts in this thread, and all of your claims about me could be made about yourself (with some minor tweaking).  I would rather just have civil conversations on reddit where I consider everybody friends by default, instead of the rest of the Internet where I consider everybody as savages with alanonymity who attack others for pleasure and lulz.
"They trick people into rigged contracts, which requires paying uber even if you quit. So your time spent making money at another job belongs to uber.    What makes it ""sort of"" slavery is the foolishness of entering the contract."
You should check with the Office of Student Affairs (or equivalent) at your University to see if you can accept Credit Cards. Many will only allow you to accept student organization dues paid in cash, check, or money order. Many universities will also provide your organization with basic operating funds, if you request it. Your first point of contact should be your faculty adviser, though. Your best bet would be to just use cash. Learn where the nearest ATMs are. If you are set on using credit cards, set up a PayPal account and just use it to reimburse the person who fronts the money (cover the markup). Everyone will have to have a PayPal account set up, linked to their credit card. You can avoid fees by using a bank account. If you're so inclined, you can set up a Business account and have a PayPal Debit Card, but you'll want to check with your adviser / University by-laws to see if you're allowed. Don't expect any of these to work as website implementations. As you're a University group, you will undoubtedly be meeting in person such that an exchange of cash/check/money order would be trivial In short, you'll need to check into the rules of your University. Credit cards generally carry processing fees, charged to the merchant, which (on its own) carries some tax implications.
I have a low position. Only 300 shares but will probably purchase more when it's in the .2-.3 range. They're pumping this company so it'll meet the NASDAQ requirements so i'm predicting executives will be putting a lot into the pool.  Let's ride, boys.
You can argue that cash dividend is a kind of split as well by this logic. The stock price on ex-dividend gets a hit coincidental with the dividend to be paid, so one can argue that the investor has the same cash value on the day the dividend was paid as if it wouldn't be paid at all. However, for the company to distribute stocks instead of cash may be advantageous if they have low cash reserves but significant amount of treasury stocks, and the stocks are of high liquidity.  It is also a way for the company to release treasury stocks without diluting the current shareholders and creating taxable income to the company, that's an important factor to consider. This is in fact the real answer to your question. The main difference between split and stock dividend is that in split, the stock distributions proportions don't change. With stock dividend - they do. While the outstanding share proportions do not change, total proportions do, because of the treasury stocks being distributed. So company has less stocks in its vaults, but everyone else still has the same proportions of ownership. Compare this to split: company's treasury stocks would be split as well, and it would continue essentially sitting on the same proportion of stocks. That shift of treasury stocks to the outside shareholders - this is what makes it a dividend.
Well, I believe this should be left up to the employer, but I think a  good employer should offer some level of transparency.  Knowing that someone makes more than you, for justifiable reasons, should be an inspiration to get better at your job.  Everyone in the world knows how much athletes make, and it seems to make them compete a little harder because they know there could be a big pay day if they perform well enough. The problem in business seems to be objective standards of ranking employees, a lot of it seems based on politics (depending on the industry).
"As Kurt Vonnegut said, the way to make money is to be there when large amounts of money are changing hands and take a little for yourself; they'll never notice. That's what transaction costs are: when a fund buys or sells stocks a bit of the money goes to the folks who handle the transaction. When you personally buy or sell stocks a bit of the money goes to the broker in the form of a fee. (and, no, no fee brokers don't work for free; they just hide the fee by not getting you the best possible price). So frequent transactions (i.e., higher portfolio turnover) mean that those little bits of money are going to the intermediaries more often. That's what ""higher transaction costs"" refers to -- the costs are higher than in a fund that buys and sells less often. In short, those higher transaction costs are a consequence of higher turnover; nothing nefarious there."
lol you do know our tech is built on importing highly educated immigrants.  homegrown engineering is at an all time low.  go to any corporate campus in the silicon vally, apple, facebook, google, all you see are indians and asians.  with the invention of the internet knowledge has been democratized and american companies are slowly losing the lead in tech.
You are thinking of something similar to [Patreon](www.patreon.com) then but more automated? I don't quite think automation works for this because you might not want to give every site you visit money, even if you visit it often in a short period of time (e.g. while doing research into cults you might not want to give the WBC money).
You have a good point, right now the way people raise money at the micro level is hitting up relatives or shmoozing the boys at the country club.  It would be cool if there were local exchanges, but I guess the reason there isn't right now is the costs to run such a thing would have to be borne by small companies and investors, and it's 'cheaper' to just raise money informally.  But with the internet revolution, seems like that would lower the costs somewhat.
I'm amazed someone down voted you. ITunes is a bastard. I've got a new method for coping with it - if you're looking for a button or an option, look in the opposite place your intuition tells you to look. You won't be where you need to be, but you'll be a whole lot closer.   Alternatively just don't bother.
Because we're still in competition.  Before it was against nature, now it's against ourselves.  The world is not yet some safe paradise and its well within living memory that total war changed billions of lives and almost took away freedom for many.      Take 2 equal economies.  One grows at 1% and another grows at 3%, in 100 years the 2nd will be 7 times more powerful than the other.
Wikipedia has a good summary: Historically, branch banking in the United States - especially interstate branch banking - was viewed unfavorably by regulatory authorities, and this was codified with the enactment of the McFadden Act of 1927, which specifically prohibited interstate banking. Over the next few decades, some banks attempted to circumvent McFadden's provisions by establishing bank holding companies that operated so-called independent banks in multiple states. To address this, The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 prohibited bank holding companies headquartered in one state from having branches in any other state. Most interstate banking prohibitions were repealed by the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994. Research has also found that anticompetitive state provisions restricted out-of-state growth when those provisions were more restrictive than the provisions set by the Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act or by neighboring states. Some states have also had restrictive bank branch laws; for example, Illinois outlawed branches (other than the main office) until 1967, and did not allow an unlimited number until 1993.
Assume that he reformed his ways. He stopped the destructive behavior (gambling) and had enough money from a job going forward to pay for all his future expenses. Then it is true the old debts will fade away both as being collectable, and as a source of a negative mark on the credit report. Also assume that the people or companies never figure out that the the relative has a steady source of income, also assume that all the debts can be forgiven and have no long lasting impact. If any of those assumptions aren't true the plan won't work. The trail of debts will continue to grow, and may have additional complications. As debts fall off the radar, they may be replaced even faster by new threats. Many a person has used a debt consolidation loan, or a home equity loan to pay off all the credit cards; but found themselves back in trouble because they never fixed the underlying problem: they spend more than they make. In the case of a home equity loan they put their house at rick, as a replacement of unsecured loans. If the gambling continues, the lack of payment of old debts becomes a crutch for the ability to generate new debts.
this article talks about tips you can use to improve your chances of qualifying for a credit card, even if you have poor credit standing. please help us promote it by telling your friends to drop by our site and share the articles posted there to their friends.
The best and reputable A4 size paper manufacturers guarantee clean paper production that does not go waste. This can be put to recycle at whatever time and can likewise be taken care of in the most proper ways. This is so since as of now there is a lot of paper waste everywhere throughout the world and to make new paper, trees must be cut down.
True but it isn't too difficult . Perhaps a classic example would be Sony - 5 years losses , this last year US$1.1B , how long can it last ?! However the trick is not to initially concentrate on the corporates but to concentrate on the small to medium sized companies and to ensure that they are strategically placed engineering wise to step in and take over . Business wise they will be used to adapting quickly .
It was a forex account (foreign exchange trading).  At that time forex brokers were not regulated or required to be regulated so it was like the wild west.  It was indeed a learning experience and thankfully I was diversified so the hit hurt but did not ruin me.
The Swiss franc has appreciated quite a bit recently against the Euro as the European Central Bank (ECB) continues to print money to buy government bonds issues by Greek, Portugal, Spain and now Italy.  Some euro holders have flocked to the Swiss franc in an effort to preserve the savings from the massive Euro money printing.  This has increased the value of the Swiss franc.  In response, the Swiss National Bank (SNB) has tried to intervene multiple times in the currency market to keep the value of the Swiss franc low.  It does this by printing Swiss francs and using the newly printed francs to buy Euros.  The SNB interventions have failed to suppress the Swiss franc and its value has continued to rise.  The SNB has finally said they will print whatever it takes to maintain a desired peg to the Euro.  This had the desired effect of driving down the value of the franc. Which effect will this have long term for the euro zone? It is now clear that all major central bankers are in a currency devaluation war in which they are all trying to outprint each other.  The SNB was the last central bank to join the printing party.  I think this will lead to major inflation in all currencies as we have not seen the end of money printing.  Will this worsen the European financial crisis or is this not an important factor? I'm not sure this will have much affect on the ongoing European crisis since most of the European government debt is in euros. Should this announcement trigger any actions from common European people concerning their wealth? If a European is concerned with preserving their wealth I would think they would begin to start diverting some of their savings into a harder currency.  Europeans have experienced rapidly depreciating currencies more than people on any other continent.  I would think they would be the most experienced at preserving wealth from central bank shenanigans.
If Trump close loopholes for big corporation not paying taxes, while also reducing taxes, it will work.   Any ideas how much taxes Apple paid last year? How much of Apple's money is off-shore?   But your plans are good too! Really. They also do not involve raising taxes.  You have no idea how many people are not audited by the IRS, how big is the under-the-table payments, black market, etc.  Just fix the system.  And when you close loopholes, to save tax money, companies will need to spend more capital and hire people to reduce their taxable profit.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-05-31/australia-home-prices-fall-in-may-as-lending-curbs-start-to-bite) reduced by 70%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The monthly decline comes after regulators tightened lending curbs amid fears of a housing bubble, and the nation&amp;#039;s banks raised interest rates - especially for interest-only loans which are popular with property investors seeking to take advantage of tax breaks.  &gt; The monthly drop was led by declines of 1.3 percent in Sydney and 1.7 percent in Melbourne, the two cities where prices have risen the fastest.  &gt; In Sydney, prices have gained 75 percent in the past five years, ranking it behind only Hong Kong as the world&amp;#039;s least affordable housing market.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ele2v/australian_house_prices_fell_in_may_for_the_first/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~133825 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **housing**^#1 **percent**^#2 **prices**^#3 **demand**^#4 **property**^#5"
Being a tax professional, my understanding is that the threshold limit is a single limit for all your source(s) of income. Now many people who already draw salary which is liable to tax, develop application for mobile and generate some income. Such income is liable to tax, if along with other income they exceed the threshold limit.  Income will have surely related expenses. And the expenses which are related to earning of the income are allowed to be deducted.
The general rule is: Generally, in order to claim a business deduction for your home, you must use part of your home exclusively and regularly: Exclusively seems to be the toughest standard and I do not know exactly how strict the IRS's interpretation is. Working in your living room where you regularly watch TV and have people over on the weekends would seem to fail that test. A separate room with your computer in it would pass it. If it was your only computer and you regularly played online games with it, that would seem to be a grey area.  The IRA booklet covering this area is here http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p587.pdf I know people that have rented rooms in other places or made use of rental offices for this purpose.
Wouldn't it be in China's best interest to improve labor standards and allow wages to rise so that they can build a proper middle class and develop a consumer economy? If that happens, that would help level the playing field and take away their advantage in cheap labor
In addition to the already good answers you also want to consider your time horizon. Unless you are looking out 10+ years, building your down payment in an account that is invested in the market is probably subject to too much market risk. Are you willing to delay purchasing a home by five years if the market turns down at the wrong time? A better option is to just use a savings accounts. To avoid spending the money, you can open a dedicated account. Separate savings account for a special purpose are s common feature at credit unions and probably are available at many regular banks as well. Then for funding the account, many employers allow you to split direct deposits amongst multiple accounts, so you will just need to provide the routing number and fractional amount of your paycheck for that account.
It's a failed state. The belief that people are going to hunker down in austerity and pay off national debt was always silly.  Sucks for the bond holders, but all these people who bet against sovereign debt defaults have bet wrong.
In the United States taxes on the sale of a principal residence are based on the difference between the sale price and the cost of the home. Assuming you meet the requirements you can shelter 250,000 or 500,000 of gains from the sale of your principal residence.  This calculation is not related to the loan balance. The basic equation is sales price minus purchase price. It get a little more complex because some costs to purchase and sell the home are included in the calculation, or if you made renovations to the house that will increase your costs and decrease your gains. Trying to decrease the loan balance just before selling the house would just be paying yourself that money at the settlement table. It could save you some money on interest between now and settlement but emptying your bank account to save a few bucks doesn't seem worth it. I would also prefer to have the money in the bank to pay for some expenses that will popup getting the house sold, you moving, and the settlement date.
I don’t think you know what is right or wrong.  This is the third time you’ve called me out, and the third time you were mistaken.  The starving man is starvinf because he lacks food.  Give him a million dollars in the middle of Antarctica, and he will still starve.  These false equivalences you have presented above are where so many of our problems come from.  People forget the value of reality over currency.  The Mother’s affection does have monetary value.  It just isn’t so easily quantifiable.  See: Psychiatrists and Psychologists.  They make money off these issues.  The financial value can be seen in the correction of the consequences from lack of affection.  To PAY for affection, trust, loyalty, so many of the “social” properties we rely on, though, negates some or all of their value.  You assume so many rules that just aren’t supported by reality.  Your economic theories seem to fail when faced with the nuances of reality, especially those economics has ignored.  That’s my opinion, anyway.
I would stay away form these.  I have had clients gave real problems when it comes to withdrawing the money...not only do you not have control of the investments themselves, but you also do not have a lot of control when it comes time to withdraw the money.  I have also heard from one client that the fees can be outrageous. There was a securities commission investigation a few years back because a number of salespeople were over-promising. My suggestion would be to find someone independent, with access to a number of different products, who can advise you.
Credit is important for many reasons. Establishing credit is an important step and should be no challenge for someone who already has good habits.  The same lessons and advice that you would find for a student to establish credit would be applicable to your case as well. Factors that influence credit score, Since you are already established in your home country (Australia), you probably have a credit card (and references) that you can provide for the first few challenges (renting a car, renting an apartment). Here are the steps, Your credit score should improve quickly as the first couple of credit cards and the installment loan show good payment history, low utilization, and gain some age. After 1-2 years, you should have a good score.
You'd only be left with €2,000 in the bank, so paying it off completely in a lump sum now would be unwise.  However, dropping, for example, €35,000 onto it is a reasonable option.  That would give you still €42,000 is the bank (an excellent emergency fund), save you a lot of interest, and greatly speed up the repayment schedule. (Changing subjects: how much interest is it earning in the bank.)
"While that argument likely would have held some merit in, say 1998, I don't think it works quite the same in 2012+. A simple answer of ""there weren't any jobs"" can be stated and will be interpreted as the truth."
What? I can literally look at a list of individual salaries (I know they are self reported but nobody has a reason to lie about this) that is broken down on a year-by-year basis. The school literally gives you all of the information. How is it naive to believe its true? I'm sure this is the case at most state schools.
I'm sorry to hear that. I mourn every time an LBS closes its doors. There's no real way to tell if Specialized is to blame, but it certainly wouldn't surprise me.  There is a local bike shop out here on the West Coast called Mike's bikes. They pretty much exclusively sell specialized. They do sell other brands, but only in a very small quantity. I cannot in good conscience give them business. They know who they are in bed with, and I suppose they need to drink their own Kool-Aid.
he general advice I get is that the younger you are the more higher risk investments you should include in your portfolio. I will be frank. This is a rule of thumb given out by many lay people and low-level financial advisors, but not by true experts in finance.  It is little more than an old wive's tale and does not come from solid theory nor empirical work.  Finance theory says the following: the riskiness of your portfolio should (inversely) correspond to your risk aversion.  Period. It says nothing about your age.  Some people become more risk-averse as they get older, but not everyone.  In fact, for many people it probably makes sense to increase the riskiness of their portfolio as they age because the uncertainty about both wealth (social security, the value of your house, the value of your human capital) and costs (how many kids you will have, the rate of inflation, where you will live) go down as you age so your overall level of risk falls over time without a corresponding mechanical increase in risk aversion. In fact, if you start from the assumption that people's aversion is to not having enough money at retirement, you get the result that people should invest in relatively safe securities until the probability of not having enough to cover their minimum needs gets small, then they invest in highly risky securities with any money above this threshold. This latter result sounds reasonable in your case.  At this point it appears unlikely that you will be unable to meet your minimum needs--I'm assuming here that you are able to appreciate the warnings about underfunded pensions in other answers and still feel comfortable.  With any money above and beyond what you consider to be prudent preparation for retirement, you should hold a risky (but still fully diversified) portfolio.  Don't reduce the risk of that portion of your portfolio as you age unless you find your personal risk aversion increasing.
&gt; Good analogy is soft drinks - if Warren Buffet puts money into Coke, that doesn't mean Pepsi is going out of business.  Coke and Pepsi are both very well established and very stable.  Uber and Lyft are relatively new and are about to go through a huge change with automation. If either of them don't automate well and do so soon they will fail. There's not a lot that of innovation required from Coke or Pepsi to stay on the top.
I wouldn't call it a con, but I would say its exponentially harder than just buying gold. You really need to be an expert on the collectability of the coin and all that jazz. I'd leave that market to the people who are collectors of the coins.
&gt; Then at what ratio of debt to gdp   There is nothing particularly special about that ratio. No point where it becomes a problem per se. Try a different version of the *same* question: at what ratio of your savings to your income...  Same concept.  &gt;will we have to pay all our interest bills with monopoly money   For the government, it's *all* monopoly money and always has been. This isn't a bad thing, it's just a description of the system. The government is the monopoly issuer of the currency, spending it into existence and extinguishing it with taxation.  &gt;(assuming that bank reserves from the fed have less intrinsic psychological value than cash circulating in the private sector, and that if we start paying our interest bills with monopoly money it will drive massive speculation against the dollar)  You can only win speculating against an entity that can *run out* of money. That risk doesn't apply to countries spending in their own sovereign, floating rate currency.
&gt; The Japanese experience actually tells us that they could never unwind QE.  ...exactly.  I suspect the Fed thinks that it's somehow different (this time it's different... we're different... The Japanese insist that they're different) and the Fed is probably going to tear its anus trying to shit 5 trillion out of its book.  The real question is:  how long.  Time and pressure.  It either makes diamonds or earthquakes and tsunamis.
"You do realize that ""analyst"" is just a corporate title for the lowest on the ladder (aside from consultants) in corporate structure?  Your statement is true only for Sales Analysts vs Research Analysts.  However, entry level traders (capital markets analysts) compensation is quite a bit greater than Sales Analysts and still requires pretty thorough market analysis.  Just about anyone in the industry can be a decent sales analyst as that role really only entails relationship management and basic communication skils.  Most of the boys over on the sales desk are either pursuing a more relationship management oriented path or want a foot in the door to get to trading."
Our aim is to build high quality and strong structural buildings that provide a long term solution to our customers. With years of experience and highly competent team, we ensure a quality service catering to your every need. We can accommodate any requirement and budget without compromising in the quality of the product or service.
Why not just leave it as is and register as foreign entity in New Mexico? You won't avoid the gross receipts tax, but other than that - everything stays as is. Unless Illinois has some taxes that you would otherwise not pay - just leave it there.
I know people who work in the gulf and most contracts are of the 14 days on/ 14 days (or so) off flavor. I've never heard of someone being onboard a ship or platform for a year. I bet this is a scam.
"To speak to this a little more broadly: apart from groups like hedge funds and other investors investing for purely speculative purposes, one of the major purposes of forwards (and, for that matter, futures) for companies in the ""real economy"" is to ""lock in"" a particular price in advance (or to reduce the risk of some kind of investment or transaction). Investopedia defines a currency forward as follows (with a few key points emphasized): [A currency forward is] a binding contract in the foreign exchange market that locks in the exchange rate for the purchase or sale of a currency on a future date. A currency forward is essentially a hedging tool that does not involve any upfront payment. The other major benefit of a currency forward is that it can be tailored to a particular amount and delivery period, unlike standardized currency futures. This can be a major advantage for planning and risk management purposes. For example, if I know I'm going to have to pay $1 million USD in the future and most of my revenue is in Euros, the actual amount I'll have to pay will vary based on the exchange rate between Euros and dollars. Thus, it's very worthwhile for me to be able to ""lock in"" a particular exchange rate so that I know exactly how much I'm going to pay relative to my projected revenue. The goal isn't necessarily to make money off the transaction (maybe they do, maybe they don't) as much as to reduce risk and improve planning ability. The fact that it doesn't involve an up-front payment is also a major advantage. It's usually a bad practice to ""sit on"" cash for a year if you can avoid it. Another key point: savings accounts pay less interest than inflation. If inflation is 3% and your savings account pays 1%, that looks remarkably like a guaranteed 2% loss to me."
It's all really personal preference and dependent on how your lifestyle/hobbies are. I have a friend who majored in Marketing and is now making 80k/yr out of college as he is also into web design.  However, in my opinion, Finance would be the most exhilarating and Accounting would be the most stable.
When you look at principles, whether you're a 'true' socialist, a watered-down SocialistLite or somwhere in between, the ideas are still anti-human.  We can agree that he state of affairs between the US, in the throes of it's Socialist makeover and the Soviet Union, in the Communist heyday are wildly different in terms of results. To draw a comparison of the results would be a lot like comparing apples and deer, and not achieve very much. Let's look at the principles involved instead.  Whether you call it Socialism, Communism, Post-Marxism or any other name, the core principle is the same: Man must look after his neighbour, but cannot be trusted to do so automatically. The state's role is to enforce this duty by using the gun and ensuring wealth is distributed according to doctrine, dogma and/or whim.  No matter what that system calls itself or to what extent it actually materialises, the core principle is one of destruction, not creation. The state has no interest or agenda beyond using their gun to take from you in order to give to another.  On the contrary, let's look at the principles that a true laissez-faire system would operate on. (I say 'would' because a truly free, laissez-faire system has never existed. The US came excruciatingly close, but ran before it was fully realised.)  You have the right to your own life, liberty and pursuit of happiness. These form your individual rights. The role of the state is to use the gun, to ensure your individual rights are upheld.  That's it. Notice how redistribution of wealth or any obligation to your brother is not mentioned. If you and your brothers wish to adopt those principles for yourself, please feel free. But the state will not use the gun to enforce your agenda against those who do not voluntarily agree with it.
I like Applebees and IHOP, but I don't go often anymore because I find I can make the same food much cheaper at home. The pressure to cut costs also stem from lack of increase in pay year after year. Even though the news crows about unemployment decreasing, I don't get the sense that pay is necessarily increasing significantly.
"On BlackRock's XIN page under Key Facts it says the number of holdings as 1. Looking at the top 10 holdings shows EFA as the number 1 holding with a 101% weighting. XIN is ""iShares MSCI EAFE Index ETF (CAD-Hedged)"", so it takes the underlying component and hedges it to CAD.  The underlying component is an ETF itself, EFA, so they only need to hold that one component (since that is the MSCI EAFE Index ETF). How is it possible to hold over 100%? Take a look at the full list of holdings.  While EFA is the only underlying security (e.g. ETF, Stock, Bond, et.c), the remaining holdings (looks to be 133 remaining holdings) are cash positions.  Some of those positions are negative for hedge purposes.  Because of this, the total value of the portfolio is less than the position of EFA itself (since total value is EFA plus a bunch of negative entries); because the total value is less than EFA itself, EFA has a > 100% weighting."
I mean it hasn't really worked anywhere. You don't create wealth with socialism. Incentives are gone for any sort value creation.  You're already looking backwards at 'peak civilization' once you've gone down the socialism path. Everything ahead is fighting over what's left.  &gt;An economics professor at Texas Tech said he had never failed a single student before but had, once, failed an entire class. The class had insisted that socialism worked and that no one would be poor and no one would be rich, a great equalizer. The professor then said ok, we will have an experiment in this class on socialism. All grades would be averaged and everyone would receive the same grade so no one would fail and no one would receive an A.   &gt;After the first test the grades were averaged and everyone got a B. The students who studied hard were upset and the students who studied little were happy. But, as the second test rolled around, the students who studied little had studied even less and the ones who studied hard decided they wanted a free ride too; so they studied little ...   &gt;The second Test average was a D! No one was happy. When the 3rd test rolled around the average was an F. The scores never increased as bickering, blame, name calling all resulted in hard feelings and no one would study for anyone else. All failed to their great surprise and the professor told them that socialism would ultimately fail because the harder to succeed the greater the reward but when a government takes all the reward away; no one will try or succeed.
Essentially, yes.  The parent company aggregates the business of all its subsidiaries; so there's ArcelorMittal Brazil, ArcelorMittal USA, ArcelorMittal Spain, etc.  So all of their companies put together turned a profit, but the one you work for in particular  (ArcelorMittal USA) wasn't profitable this quarter.
The higher the debt, the higher inflation needs to be to wash the debt away.  This is why the debt and US equities move upward hand in hand. The same goes for US housing. Just as homeowners borrow money through mortgages so that house prices rise, the banks borrow the money for mortgages through the central banks. Thus, the cycle circulates. The more debt, the higher the prices!  Everybody makes money from debt. That is why the US has the highest external debt on the globe, yet they are considered one of the wealthiest countries in the world.
Aldi and Lidl have grown in the UK at an alarming rate to the point where they've been able to take significant market share away from the supermarket oligopoly that previously existed.  I wonder if they can pull the same miracle in the US market.
In a world where everything seems like an advertisement, it's harder and harder for us to trust anything we're told anymore.  Why do you think Fake News is a big topic? Why do you think people are starting to entertain rediculous flat earth theories? When everything is narrative, everything is spin, it's no wonder young consumers are leery of advertisements.
Thank God for this. I'm getting a cold sweat just reading some of these replies. Especially since you end up with about a million things to consider, frequently contradictory, until there's so little of yourself left it's a little pointless turning up and you can't think straight for analysing in advance and the interviewers sound like brutal robots willing cracks in your facade.
**Economic and Monetary Union of the European Union: Monetary policy inflexibility**  Since membership of the eurozone establishes a single monetary policy for the respective states, they can no longer use an isolated monetary policy, e. g. to increase their competitiveness at the cost of other eurozone members by printing money and devalue, or to print money to finance excessive government deficits or pay interest on unsustainable high government debt levels. As a consequence, if member states do not manage their economy in a way that they can show a fiscal discipline (as they were obliged by the Maastricht treaty), they will sooner or later risk a sovereign debt crisis in their country without the possibility to print money as an easy way out.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.23
The only thing dawning on me is that you claim to think critically and then literally minutes later do EXACTLY the thing I've been saying you do.   You're putting all of terrorism on an entire group of people, and even worse, you're putting it on a group of people that statistics show ARE NOT the threat to worry about.   But by all means, keep thinking critically about Fox News and all of the websites that you frequent. It's going great for you so far.
Manual setup of the Belkin router is somewhat difficult. You may require some knowledge or some help from the one who has some knowledge of the Belkin setup. To help you while the setup, we have a team of technicians. Solve your query by sending it to us.
The reason the loan amount is showing is because it is a default - the fact that you live in a non-recourse state doesn't change the fact that a loan obligation that had your name on it was defaulted upon. I don't think there is much you can do now given that your name was still on the mortgages.
&gt; But their strategy is not debt spending to increase demand.  They deficit spend.  They increase prosperity and thus demand.  They do it consistently and repeatedly.  Claims that it's effects are unintentional don't hold up. Starve the beast is political cover.  What they are doing is pushing profits up for the rich by cutting their taxes.  Why has as many answers as there are politicians pursuing these policies, but the deficit spending is fairly obviously designed to make the economy appear to be doing better.  The interesting side effect is, that they *are* making the economy do better.   &gt; Deficit spending does drive demand short term. But as this debt rises so does the rent seeking cost of that debt.  This is not where rent seeking occurs. The net cost of national debt is negative.   &gt; Most such debt spending is a complete waste.  Only if you don't understand that people having money is a prerequisite for people spending money.   &gt; Your tax rate is not determined by how much money the government takes from you.  The government gives you more income than it takes from you in taxes.  Every bit of cut spending removes income from the population.  Since we all work for each other and one person's income becomes another's relatively quickly, it's an appropriate approximation to average that income out over the population and when you do that you quickly see that government taxes and spending have a net positive effect on how much money we have.  This is why we can dump so much into defense spending and still have a viable economy and why removing that spending would do more harm than good.    Our economic trouble has nothing to do with efficiency and how much work needs to be done, and everything to do with how much money people have to spend.  Government taking on more debt thus creating more money and handing it to it's population makes that problem better and thus the economy gains strength.  Fixing the core problem that is causing the population to run out of money is a harder task, but piling on the debt in the meantime alleviates the symptoms.
Is it time for you to go ahead and get a new paint job? If you have noticed chipping or fading on your home or business, it may be time for you to call in the best painters in Vancouver. We can help you to get everything in order and get your home or business building painted and looking great like it should be. http://barwickpainting.com/
"That's pretty typical for stores closing.  Remember that once the stores are conducting their closing sales, it's no longer the company that's in charge.  It may say ""Sears"" on the sign, but it's actually an outside liquidation company that's operating the store.  The liquidator is the one pricing the sales and applying the discounts.  Their job is to get rid of everything and get as much money for it as they can.  Liquidators will also sometimes bring in outside merchandise to closing stores in order to capitalize on the excitement of the going-out-of-business sales.  [This news report](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMiBVlXctM8) shows a case where an outside liquidator brought in some oriental rugs to sell at a Linens N Things that was going out of business.  Linens N Things never sold oriental rugs when it was a going concern, but the liquidator brought them in, complete with a sign saying what the price ""was"" and what the sale price is.  Once you realize that a closing Sears store isn't actually Sears anymore, it all starts to fall into place."
"Certainly no one knows in advance how much a stock is going to swing around. However, there are measures of how much it has swung around in the past, and there are people who will estimate the probability. First of all, there's a measure of an individual stock's volatility, commonly referred to as ""beta"". A stock with a beta of 1 tends to rise and fall about as much as the market at large. A stock with a beta of 2, in the meantime, would rise 10% when the market is up 5%. These are, of course, historical averages. See Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beta_(finance) Secondly, you can get an implied measure of volatility expectations by looking at options pricing. If a stock is particularly volatile, the chance of a big price move will be baked into the price of the stock options. (Note also that other things affect options pricing, such as the time value of money.) For an options-based measure of the volatility of the whole market, see the Volatility Index aka the ""Fear Gauge"", VIX.  Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VIX Chart: http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=%5EVIX Looking at individual stocks as a group (and there's an oxymoron for you), individual stocks are definitely much more likely to have big moves than the market. Besides Netflix, consider the BP oil spill, or the Tokyo Electric Power Company's Fukushima incident (yow!). I don't have any detailed statistics on quantitatively how much, mind you, but in application, a standard piece of advice says not to put more than 5% of your portfolio in a single company's stock. Diversification protects you. (Alternatively, if you're trying to play Mr. Sophisticated Stock-Picker instead of just buying an index fund, you can also buy insurance through stock options: hedging your bets. Naturally, this will eat up part of your returns if your pick was a good one)."
It's all about the question's wording. Here they are saying interest is 1.25% *per month* - not per year. This is why in your earlier post, I encouraged you to internalize what P/Y and C/Y mean in the solver. It's best to think of things in terms of *per period of time*. I hope this helps, but more practice certainly will.
"Actually, calculating taxes isn't that difficult.  You will pay a percentage of your gross sales to state and local sales tax, and as a single-owner LLC your profits (after sales taxes) should pass through to your individual tax tax return (according to this IRS article. They are not cumulative since they have different bases (gross sales versus net profit). That said, when determining if your future business is profitable, you need to ask ""what aspects of the business can I control""? Can you control how much each item sells for? Increasing your prices will increase your gross margins, which should be higher than your fixed and variable costs.  If your margins do not exceed your costs, then you will note be profitable. Note that as a vendor you are at a slight disadvantage to a retailer, since tax has to be baked in to your prices.  A retailer can advertise the pre-tax price, and pass-through sales tax at the point of sale.  However, people expect to pay more at a vending machine, so the disadvantage is very small (you aren't directly competing with retailers anyways)."
I have 8 years of 30%+ annual returns, I think i'll trust my judgment on this one. Bought amazon at 272, tesla at 130, etc. Snap is a weak investment long term. They will be one of the first companies (along with twitter) to really lose almost everything once the tides start to change.
I don't disagree with you, but just as a broad generalization, I think increasing social spending does more good than increasing military spending *at this point*. It'd be different if there were several other countries that had the same military prowess, but if you already have a significant lead, I feel like you should address the other weaknesses.
"I totally agree with you that kids and students need social interaction, working together, guidance, mentors, etc.  I definitely want my son to have a human teacher.  However, unfortunately, teaching is provided by the government mostly, they pay terrible salaries for teachers and the government would like to cut costs.   So my guess is that there will be a push for less teachers, or ""on-line"" teacher conference-call, and other crap, but they will definitely teach for technology to replace teachers.  Forget about teachers: doctors will be replaced even more quickly with ""technology""."
"If you elect to have the company treated as an S corp, the profits/losses of the company will pass through to the shareholders (i.e. you) on a Schedule K-1 form every year. These amounts on the Schedule K-1 are taxable whether or not the company actually distributed the money to you. Typically, the company will distribute profits to the shareholders because they will have to pay taxes on this amount. https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/What-is-a-Schedule-K-1-Tax-Form-/INF19204.html So the money held in the company's bank accounts won't appear on your taxes per se, but the profits/losses as reported on the company's tax return will pass through to you on the Schedule K-1. Typically these amounts are taxed as income. Your tax accountant can advise you on how much money you can/should take through regular payroll and how much can be distributed as a shareholder, as well as help you prepare the corporate tax returns and schedule(s) K-1 every year. There are tax advantages to taking money out of the company through distributions instead of payroll, but the amounts can be scrutinized and subject to a criterion of ""reasonable compensation"", hence my recommendation for a tax accountant."
"First, contact your credit card company and explain the problem to them, to ensure that they never pay any money to this company. Second, research the US postal code.  Somewhere it says that if you receive unsolicited goods in the mail, they are a gift to you.  Then it becomes a question of whether you went far enough in the subscription process to commit to the subscription. Third, reread the fine print on the web page.  ""By clicking submit, you agree to deliver us your firstborn and a herd(?) of baby goats."" Finally, armed with information from the previous steps, call (maybe better to do it in writing by sending a letter to) the company selling the magazines to let them know their mistake.  That the transaction was never completed and that the failure of the transaction led you to believe that the subscription was never agreed upon.  And that you never received a confirmation.  Let them know that you do not wish to continue receiving the magazine.  If you're on the hook, having clicked submit, then find out about their cancellation policy.  Hopefully there's a cancel any time policy.  If so, pay for the first couple of issues, then write it off as a relatively inexpensive lesson on subscriptions, fine print, and reading and keeping copies of contracts. 50 bucks an issue for a monthly magazine sounds expensive.  Is it a trade magazine?"
I'm on the other side! I was recently (just today) extended an informal offer from a team that's seeing some pretty big growth recently. I'm 6 months into my entry/mid level management position and I've been thinking about working in client-facing roles. The earning potential is greater, and I'm attracted by the prospect of being your own boss/reporting to your team instead of where I'm currently at, a cog in a giant corporate hierarchy. It's nice as I get to cruise sometimes when things are quiet, and I won't feel stuck in a neverending loop of prospecting and closing. Right now, I'm just a messenger - I figure a research position would be much the same.
Two kinds of lending going on. The first occurs when the Federal Reserve purchases government securities.  This creates reserves at the Federal Reserve in another bank. The second kind of lending comes when this bank lends out the money.  This is the multiplier effect. The reason for the excess reserves now is that banks are gun-shy and afraid to lend.  Their money is safer at the Fed than with commercial and personal borrowers.  When this changes (either by a recovery, or by the Fed penalizing banks for excess reserves, which it can do but hasn't) then we'll see inflation, and a consequential rise in prices.
If you have the cash on hand to pay the tax on the amount you are transferring I recommend moving to a Roth IRA An IRA is tax-deferred. You put in pretax contributions in to an IRA, and you are taxed on that money (your contributions and interest earned) when you withdraw it at retirement, age 59 1/2.  The idea being that you will be taking less out per year in your retirement years, putting you into a lower tax bracket. The major problem is most people draw out as much or more a year in their retirement years than when they were working. A Roth IRA grows tax free You put after tax contributions into a Roth IRA, you have paid taxes on the contributions, and you are never taxed on the growth. When you draw the money out at retirement you don't pay any income taxes on that money. Let me give you an example: For this example we will use the following information for both scenario: We will invest $400 per month for a total of $4800. The current maximum is $5000 if you are under 50 years old $400 dollars after taxes is $300 Invest $300 a month, at age 65 you have 3,529,432 You owe no taxes on this money, it doesn't matter how much you take out a year. $400 dollars a month is taken pretax out of your paycheck. Invest $400 per month, at age 65 you have $4,705,909 You owe taxes of 25% as you draw that out for at total tax of 1,176,477 4,705,909 - 1,176,477 = 3,529,432 cash in your pocket The problem is if you draw out more than $82,400 (current 2010 filing single) per year you will be pushed to a higher tax bracket and take more of your money away. If you decide to buy a vacation home and you take out $250,000 to pay for it, that's counted as income for that year any you will be in the 33% tax bracket. Even if you can keep yourself to a low income the government forces your hand and makes you draw out more money at age 70, based on their tables, forcing you into a higher tax bracket
Until you find a job, I would recommend doing nothing more than a bank checking account or a checking and savings account.  Some alternatives, such as savings bonds, would be okay if you were perfectly sure you did not need the money in the next six months.  Consider working for a place such as McDonald's in the meantime. Once you have stable employment, there are two paths you could take.  The first is a bond fund.  It would provide fair market returns for the time between now and the collection of social security.  The second would be a traditional annuity.  You have to be careful with them.  If it sounds much better than what others are offering, it is probably a scam.  Your interest in an annuity is that it will pay you money for as long as you live.  If you live to be 105 you will still be getting payments.  A bond fund would have run out of money long ago by that time. The biggest thing for you right now is getting to when Medicare takes over from private health.  Looking for any job is important right now to preserve cash. Although I do not normally recommend annuities, I do with smaller amounts of cash.  It is unlikely you will ever recover this sum again and the time remaining to save is very short.  The greatest challenge with an annuity is regret.  You can't get the money back once you have turned it into an income stream.  On the other hand, it will last as long as you live. The only important caveat is that if you are in poor health, then the bond fund would be better for you because you may not live to be very old.
OS/2 has had VERY few security concerns, though.  It's extremely stable and very well behaved if the person who configured it knew what he was doing.  The way the OS manages tasks is also very good for preventing data leakage exploits like buffer overruns, code on stack, memory re/deallocation attacks, etc.
You and fourstates seems to be talking about different things and I don't honestly know which the article is talking about.  Farming out an engine isn't the same as farming out the bracket that holds a wiring harness in the wing.  One thing is farming out a major system while the other is farming out a specific part.
I am not surprised that things are changing in the economy there! I'd hate to be a small business owner in Renton who has employees they are trying to keep.  The problem I have is that there are two views:  1. Wages on a supply/demand curve is the only analysis that needs to be done. This is the one that supports Republican talking points. High wages hurt people! That's it.   2. Or, we can consider everything else that can give. People commuting from out of the area, businesses re-inventing themselves to be more efficient to hold profits, less skilled workers moving to lower cost of living areas like Renton to find work. There are a lot of things that can move in this system, just as you point out. It's a gravity well, it's a change in the nature of the economic space.  In the end of the day, we have simple measures (employment rate) that is saying that the effects are being absorbed elsewhere in the system. This study, which does a complex model, using those other places that are affected in the opposite manner by the change? Do you really trust it, when the tried and true tool is saying differently?
Since you've already maxed out your 401k and your IRA, if you wanted to invest more-- then it would either be in a brokerage account or a 529 (if you have kids/ intend on going back to school). As to investing versus paying off your loans -- the interest on them are small enough that it will depend on your preference.  If you need the cash flow for investment purposes (ie if you are going to buy an investment property) then I would pay off the car loan first -- otherwise I would invest the money.   Since you've already expressed that you wouldn't be too interested in paying the mortgage off early, I've left that off the table (I would prioritize car loan over mortgage for the cash flow reason)  If you do open a brokerage account -- make sure you are minimizing your taxes by putting the 'right' type of assets in a tax advantaged account.
After driving through Texas last year, I really can't overstate just how many wind turbines there are, and how windy it is. I stopped at a little rest stop right in the middle of the state - in the middle of the day - and I was nearly blown over getting out of the car. And the number of turbines... Just amazing. Miles and miles and miles. It really looked like an endless landscape of turbines.
I can't address the psychology of trust involved in your question, but here are some common sense guidelines for dealing with your issue. Make sure you know who you are talking to.  Call the company you need to speak to via a publicly available phone number. An email or something you got in a letter might be from a different source.  If you use a website, you should be sure you are on the correct website. Keep careful records.  Make good notes of each phone call and keep all emails and letters forever. Note the time, name and/or ID of the person you spoke to and numbers called in addition to keeping notes on what actions should be done.  Keep your faxing transmission receipts and shipping tracking numbers too. If you are nervous, ask them why they want the info.  The fraud department should be able to explain it to you.  For example, they probably want your social because that is how your credit report is identified.  If they are going to fix a credit report, they will need a social.  It is doubtful they would have a good explanation why they need your mother's maiden name. Ask for secure transmission, or confirm they have it.  Postal mail isn't so secure, but I'll go out on a limb and say most fax machines today are not really fax machines, but software that deals in PDFs.  At some point you will have to realize you will have to transmit something.  No method is perfect, but you can limit your exposure. Help them do their jobs.  If you are (understandably) nervous, consider their motivations: corporate profit.  BUT that could very well mean not running afoul of the law and (with any luck) treating customers the best way they know to earn business.  If you stymy the fraud department, how can they help you? If the ID theft was serious enough, document your issue for future law enforcement so you getting pulled over for speeding doesn't result in you going to jail for whatever crime the other person did.  Perhaps the fraud department you are dealing with can assist there. Finally, while you work with fraud departments to clear up your name and account, work on the other end to limit future damage.  Freeze your credit.  See if you bank or credit card have monitoring.  Use CreditKarma.com or a similar if you cannot find a free service.  (Please don't ever pay for credit monitoring.)
"You are literally claiming ammonia isn't bad for people. That's a claim. If you want to provide proof, then that's fine, but don't claim something without providing evidence.  And ""they have been doing it for years, so it must be okay"" isn't good enough.   Also, I think it's banned in Europe and Canada, so why don't they think's it's safe?"
It will depend largely on your broker what type of stop and trailing stop orders they provide. Saying that, I have not come across any brokers yet that offer limit orders with trailing stop orders.  Unlike a standard stop order where you can either make it a market stop order or a limit stop order, usually most brokers have trailing stop orders as market orders only, where you can either set the trailing stop to be a dollar value or percentage from the most recent high. Remember also, that trailing stop orders will be based on the intra-day highs and not the highest closing price. That means that if the share price spikes up during the day your trailing stop will move up, and if the price then spikes down you may be stopped out prematurely, after which the price might rally again. For this reason I try to base my trailing stops on the highest closing price by using standard stop loss orders and moving it up manually after the close of trade if the share price has closed at a new high. This takes a few minutes each evening (depending on how many stocks you have to check and adjust the stops for) but gives you more control. Using this method will also enable you to set limit orders attached to your stop loss triggers, and you won't have to keep your trailing too close to the last high price thus potentially causing you to get stopped out prematurely. Slightly off track but may be handy if you set profit targets, my broker has recently introduced Trailing Take Profit Orders. The way it works is, say you have a profit target of 50%, so you buy at $2 and want to take profits if the price reaches $3, you could set your Trailing Take Profit Trigger at say $3.10 or above and set a Trail by Amount of say $0.10. So if the price after hitting $3.10 falls to $3.00 you will be stopped out and collect your profits. If the price moves up to $3.30 and then falls to $3.20, you will be stopped out at $3.20 and make some extra profits. If the price continues going up the Trailing Take Profit will continue to move up always $0.10 below the highest price reached. I think this would be a very useful order if you were range trading where you could set the Trailing Take Profit trigger near recent resistance so you can get out if prices start reversing at or around the resistance, but continue profiting if the price breaks through the resistance.
There are many great performers who will make your children’s  party a great way.  A DJ entertainer is one that is certainly a good idea to consider. Children DJ  Entertainment may just be what you need to ensure a successful kids party.  Our experienced DJ performers will keep the party moving and keep the kids busy with fun and excitement for the duration of the celebration. No matter how many party supply catalogs you look.
"There's a big difference between paying for a properly prepared first rate meal, and paying for a microwave jockey to nuke up your bowl of mediocre bulk pre-made bagged soup, your microwaved baked potato, a chain-restaurant cut of flat-top seared steak, and some precooked bread that was probably delivered a few days ago.  The reason places like applebees and bww are failing is because the food quality is atrocious. The food isn't an afterthought, it's the main reason you're there. If it's terrible, there's no reason to go back, and most people have already realized that.  Applebees is quickly reaching ""tainted brand"" status because of this."
No. A company cannot bill you for services you did not request nor receive. If they could, imagine how many people would just randomly get bills in their mail. Ignore them. They don't have a contract or agreement with you and can't do anything other than make noise. If they get aggressive or don't stop requesting money, hire an attorney and it will be taken care of.
Wa Po is not brainwashing people to buy Amazon goods or defend Amazon against monopoly charges.     If they were doing that, I'd agree with you.   But they are not.   They are presenting evidence of crimes committed by the Trump campaign in their collusion with the Russian government.   They are giving insight to the daily dysfunction of the Trump administration.     Trump is appealing to the middle class who lost their shops to Amazon but they lost their shops to modern technology.   ATM machines have replaced a million bank tellers.   Trump isn't against monopolies.   He is lying when he acts like he cares.  He is giving the telecoms an awesome deal for nothing in return.
"It depends on how the program is run. If the company runs the program out of treasury stock (shares that are authorized, but not issued), then there aren't any shares being purchased on the open market.   Because of that, the share price wouldn't be affected.    If you look in your employer's annual report, you will probably find how the program is run and how many shares are issued annually under that program. By comparing that to the daily trading volume of the company's stock you can gauge whether there's any likelihood of the share price being affected by the employee purchases. That is, of course, if shares are being purchased on the open market.  For example, here is Books-A-Million's program, as described in their 2011 annual report: Employee Stock Purchase Plan   The Company maintains an employee stock purchase plan under which shares of the Company’s common stock are reserved   for purchase by employees at 85% of the fair market value of the common stock at the lower of the market value for the   Company’s stock as of the beginning of the fiscal year or the end of the fiscal year. On May 20, 2010, the stockholders of the   Company approved an additional 200,000 shares available for issuance under the plan, bringing the aggregate number of   shares that may be awarded to 600,000. Of the total reserved shares, 391,987, 373,432 and 289,031 shares have been   purchased as of January 29, 2011, January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009, respectively. This describes an instance of the employee purchase program being run from unissued stock, not open market purchases. From it, we can tell 18,555 shares were issued during the past fiscal year.  As their average daily volume is ~40,000 shares, if the program were run from a single open market purchase, it would have potential to ""move the market"".  One would think, though, that a company running it from open market purchases would spread the purchases over a period of time to avoid running up the price on themselves."
If you are an UK citizen and resident, then no. If you are an EU resident or non-EU resident then yes, but there are conditions. Source You can sometimes get VAT refunds on goods bought in the UK if you: You can’t get a VAT refund for: As bringing a laptop PCSpecialist is an online sale(I bought my desktop from them), I don't think you can claim VAT.
Nothing is wrong and it should be profitable - but it sounds too good to be true. The devil is in the details and you have not described how you found those stocks. For example, you may have scanned the 500 stocks in the S&P 500, and you may have found a few that exhibit that pattern over a given time window. But it doesn't mean that they will continue to do so. In other words they may just be random outliers. This is generically called overfitting. A more robust test would be to use a period, say 2000-2005 to find those stocks and check over a future period, say 2006-2014 if the strategy you describe is profitable. My guess is that it won't.
Where's the data? You made a claim, now yiou can back it up, or you can recant.  Ad hominem attacks don't support an argument, sure, but given that /u/TrumpTaint *has actually provided evidence*, and you haven't, what are you waiting for?
Ok, that's good.  I'd ask you to get in touch with current trends.  Just recently switched jobs and found out I was competing with people that did the undergrad &gt; MBA thing right away.  Very very common.
Except ISP and cell phone providers were basically granted monopolies by the government. Amazon has just built a good company that consumers like but that doesn't mean they'll always be on top. The only way that could happen is if the government granted them the sole right to sell online.
No, you trade the warrant and the warrant price of $11.50 for one stock. The warrant is a little like an option, but with a longer term. If you buy a IPOA.WS warrant then that warrant gives you the option to buy one share of class A stock at $11.50 at a future date.  If in the future, the stock is worth $20, then you make $20 - $11.50 -  per share.  If you buy one IPOA.U, then you get 1/3 of a warrant and 1 share of stock, the warrants will be useless unless you buy in groups of 3 for the IPOA.U.  I didn't see the timeframe of the warrant, they're usually good for 10+ years, and they're currently trading in the $1.5-1.8 range. To confirm, here's a decent article about how warrants work: http://www.investopedia.com/articles/04/021704.asp
Video linked by /u/Alex6373:  Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views :----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------: [Как обменять биткоин на рубли? Как вывести реальные денеги!Топ лучших Обменников криптовалюты 2017](https://youtu.be/OGoTVwy4cXs)|Вектор Криптовалют|2017-06-12|0:06:04|0+ (0%)|2  &gt; ¦ Ссылка на регистрацию в проектах: |...  ---  [^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/Alex6373 ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&amp;subject=delete\%20comment&amp;message=dishwf1\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v1.1.2b
WTF yourself!  Results matter.  Billions of dollars are changing hands, women are trying to be a part of that, and the result is that women are getting a share that is according to most statistical analysis insignificant.  You are getting all defensive as if this could only have happened if some nefarious persons at the top decided it must be so, but the reality is that persons at the top do not dictate results as you fantasize.  Results are more what we end up with as the result of processes more complex than any of us fully understand, and reality most women get excluded early on because of various issues like the intense harassment that they experience at almost every level.  You say nothing stops women, but analysis of available data appears to show that something is stopping women and that oddly enough we also find grotesquely inappropriate behavior is endemic to all involved institutions.  A lot of people get harassed?  You better believe it.  I am a gay man and you would not believe some of the shit that I get in  supposedly open minded tech industries.  The big difference there is that most straight women have a lot of options open to them while as a gay man I can pretty much thrive and make a lot of money or starve to death in a world that is still festering with irrational spite that isn't even typically acknowledged.  We can all do better.  I am sure of that.
eSalesData highly customizable mailing lists will allow your sales teams to rapidly contact livestock executives across 6 continents, virtually guaranteeing you an immensely profitable sales drive. With a comprehensive eSalesData mailing list you’ll find that your sales teams can eschew the time-intensive process of prospecting and instead focus on closing more sales.
His argument seems to be all hinging on the seamless transaction/transfer of money (which I do agree is something that can be made much better) but what about other functions that banks do... like lending (mortgages) ect.   I don't see how that works on blockchain/bitcoin.. and also I don't see why it has to be Bitcoin and not some competing crypto.
There are jobs for all those people - especially with lower corporate income tax. If your addicted to drugs or alcohol - you must take responsibility for your actions and not expect someone who didn't get addicted to bail you out - that only encourages addiction. There are plenty of jobs and it's very simple to apply - just walk up to someone and say I would like to do that job. No excuses.
&gt; He risked a lot in the beginning...  You avoided my question.  Your position is that entrepreneurs deserve great reward because they take on great risk. I disagree. When failure means moving out of your mansion and into a suburban neighborhood, I think that hardly qualifies as risk. Compare that to a single mom who only makes enough money to pay for food or heat. That seems like risk.  Now consider President Trump.  His companies filed for bankruptcy four times but he was able to insulate his wealth from those failures. Is that really risk or just being rich?
It's tough to make a million like Louie did, but it ain't tough to make a normal living. Go watch the documentary about Wilco. Even if you don't like their music, they dissect the problems with the old model music industry (which you could practically extrapolate to the rest of the entertainment industry). Even if they hadn't made enough off Yankee Hotel Foxtrot by selling themselves online, they could have still toured and made enough to recoup costs and pay living expenses.  Bottom line is that the overnight superstar is over and has always been a fluke anyway. You gotta have talent and work ethic and if you get to the point where Louis CK is, then there's no reason (and never has been a reason) to involve a bunch of middle-men. Louis CK was just as happy to make ~30k a year touring shitty clubs as he is making $1 mil + self releasing a show. That's the way it should be.
If you dig this you should check out the DEFCON YouTube channel. Deviant Ollum, who’s mentioned in the article, has done several incredibly fascinating conference talks about his exploits doing physical penetration testing. And that’s just the tip of the ice burg.   Warning: this is a multi-hour rabbit hole.  https://www.youtube.com/user/DEFCONConference
If this is because he wants to avoid paying taxes, will I get in trouble if I agree to have him work on my vehicle? You should check your state and local sales tax laws to be certain, but in my state you have no liability if he does not pay his taxes.  That's his problem, not yours.  The biggest risk for you is if something goes wrong, you have no proof that the work was ever done, so it's possible he could deny that any transaction ever took place and refuse to correct it or refund your money.  So at worst you're out what you paid for the service, plus what it would cost you to fix it if you needed to and chose to do so.  If you don't want to take that risk, then insist on a receipt or take you  business elsewhere, but there's no criminal liability for you if he chooses not to report the income. EDIT Be aware, though that state tax is levied at the state and local level, so the laws of your individual state or city may be different.
erm...  a) H1b applications went down over 90% in the last two years because the US does not offer anything better anymore (keep in mind, H1b means a Corp. vouchers for you and you can only stay as employee in the country, you can switch employer but you can't just start a startup or something. fired and no new employer? you get kicked out of the country. which also happens 6 years later no matter what because the visa only lasts 3+3 years and is a lottery so applying doesnt mean you actually get it. so why come in the first place?)  b) H1b visa holders must be payed appropriate.  c) if I can get hired by MS in the US, I can also work for a US office anywhere else, and they have plenty.   d) H1b means you have either 4 years university possibly with degree or you can prove that you worked 3 years for each university year and have therefore a minimum of 12 years job experience in the field you're hired. again, if Microsoft, why in the US? pay in your own country is probably better.  the whole worker visa system is doomed. they should give out IT greencards like Germany tried it many years ago to bring in foreign talent. a visa that is not chained to the employer that vouched for you but let's you open up a startup and stay for longer. h1b pretty much let's you stay in a country that takes taxes for you, you have to obey their laws but you get no benefits and 6 years later you get kicked out. if you want to come back after 6 years you have to stay out at least 1 years, then you're allowed to participate again in the yearly H1b lottery which means almost 2 years after you got kicked out you might win again and you can return to work for the company.    seriously, would you like to be in that situation? building a life in a new country with a countdown attached to it?   (I just left the US after 6 years on H1b)   edit: btw. they are already charging 8 or 12k since 2012 per application. up from 1500 - one of the explanations why applications are down.
It would be very bad for the global economy. China trade partners would suffer too. It would probably play out as an uncontrolled domino-effect of bankruptcies, runs on the banks, then banks go under, then social unrest, then we profit enormously when things are at their very worst.
Risk. A shorter-term mortgage is less risky than a long-term mortgage - in this case there's half the chance of something bad happening because there's half the time allotted (15 vs 30 years). Bad things include you going bankrupt, massive inflation, or your home being destroyed in a meteor impact that your insurer won't cover. They entice consumers to these less risky mortgages by offering a lower interest rate.
"&gt; It stated that separation of classes was being actively orchestrated.  Where did you see that?  The message I got from the article is that the affluent make choices that unintentionally puts more separation between themselves and the poor.  &gt;&gt; ...it is a simple fact that you would get further with hard work and good parenting in a rich area than in a poor one.  &gt; Do you have anything to support your ""fact""?  Sure, how about [study after study shows one of the best predictors for your success in life, however you wish to define it, is the affluence of the zip code of your birth](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/making-sense/america-inequality-begins-womb/)."
They may be able to transfer the land to a charitable remainder trust, which then enters into the transaction and pays them an income stream over their lifetime -- but definitely hire a professional before you attempt to do this.
Multistate Impact of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012  In general, states with rolling conformity will follow this change. States with specific date conformity will continue  to follow the date of conformity currently in effect and will not follow the change. A few states may have their own  QSBS rules and will not conform to or be impacted by this provision of the Act. The chart that follows summarizes  these principles as applied to the enumerated states:  STATE: QSBS Exclusion Conformity:  California statutes refer to the IRC QSBS provisions but modify and limit their  applicability, and would not be impacted by this provision of the Act. However, California’s provisions were ruled unconstitutional in recent litigation and the California Franchise Tax Board has recently taken the position that gain exclusions  and deferrals will be denied for all open tax years. Florida Florida does not impose an income tax on individuals and therefore this provision of  the Act is inapplicable and will have no impact.  Illinois Due to its rolling conformity, Illinois follows this provision of the Act.  Because New York effectively provides for rolling conformity to the IRC, through  reference to federal adjusted gross income as the state starting point, New York  effectively follows this provision of the Act.  Texas does not impose an income tax on individuals
"The $1K in funds are by default your emergency fund. If absolutely necessary, emergency funds may need to come from debt, a credit capacity, focus on building credit to leverage lower rates for living expenses eventually needed. Profitable organizations & proprietors, borrow at a lower cost of capital than their return. Join your local credit union, you're welcome to join mine online, the current rates for the first $500 in both your checking and savings is 4.07%, it's currently the fourth largest in the U.S. by assets. You may join as a ""family member"" to me (Karl Erdmann), not sure what their definition of ""family"" is, I'd be happy to trace our ancestry if need be or consider other options. Their current incentive program, like many institutions have often, will give you $100 for going through the hassle to join and establish a checking and savings. Some institutions, such as this credit union, have a lower threshold to risk, applicants may be turned down for an account if there is any negative history or a low credit score, shooting for a score of 600 before applying seems safest.  The web services, as you mentioned, have significantly improved the layman's ability to cost effectively invest funds and provide liquidity. Robinhood currently seems to be providing the most affordable access to the market. It goes without saying, stay objective with your trust of any platform, as you may have noticed, there is a detailed explanation of how Robinhood makes their money on this stack exchange community, they are largely backed by venture funding, hopefully the organization is able to maintain a low enough overhead to keep the organization sustainable in the long run. The services that power this service such as Plaid, seem promising and underrated, but i digress. The platform gives access for users to learn how investing works, it seems safest to plan a diversified portfolio utilizing a mix of securities,such as low Beta stocks or ""blue chip"" companies with clear dividend policies. One intriguing feature, if you invest in equities is casting votes on decisions in shareholder meetings.  Another popular investment asset class that is less liquid and perhaps something to work toward is real estate. Google the economist ""Matthew Rognlie"" for his work on income equality on this type of investment. There are many incentives for first time homeowners, saving up for a down payment is the first step. Consider adding to your portfolio a Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs) to gain a market position. Another noteworthy approach to this idea is an investment commercial property cooperative organization, currently the first and only one is called NorthEast Investment Cooperative, one stock of class A is $1K.  If you are interested and plan to focus on equities, consider dropping into your college's Accounting Capstone course to learn more about the the details of fundamental and technical analysis of an organization. The complexities of investing involve cyclical risk, macro and micro economic factors,  understanding financial statements and their notes, cash flow forecasting - discounting, market timing, and a host of other details Wikipedia is much more helpful at detailing. It's safe to assume initial investment decisions by unsophisticated investors are mostly whimsical, and likely will only add up to learning opportunities, however risk is inherit in all things, including sitting on cash that pays a price of inflation. A promising mindset in long term investments are in organizations that focus on conscious business practices. Another way to think of investing is that you are already somewhat of a ""sophisticated investor"" and could beat the market by what you know given your background, catching wind of certain information first, or acting on a new trends or technology quickly. Move carefully with any perhaps biased ""bullish"" or ""bearish"" mindset. Thinking independently is helpful, constantly becoming familiar with different ideas from professions in a diverse set of backgrounds, and simulating decisions in portfolio's. Here is an extremely limited set of authors and outlets that may have ideas worth digging more into, MIT Tech Reviews (Informative), Bloomberg TV (it's free, informative), John Mackey (businessman), Paul Mason (provocative journalist). Google finance is a simple and free go-to application, use the ""cost basis"" feature for ""paper"" or real trades, it's easy to import transactions from a .csv.   This seems sufficient to start off with. Enjoy the journey, aim for real value with your resources."
Awsome thanks for the tips! I had the chance to choose in the Emerald Aisle at National which car when I was in LA...and they had base model Mustang vs Camaro vs Challenger...and in the end I went with a 300C but next time I'll try for something a bit sportier. I've heard that the visibilty in camaro is bad and the challenger is a whale...so Mustang may be best choice between the 3
"There is a term for this. If you google ""House Hacking"" you will get lots of articles and advice.  Some of it will pertain to multifamily properties but a good amount should be owner occupied and renting bedrooms. I would play with a mortgage calculator like Whats My Payment.  Include Principle, interest, taxes and insurance see how much it will cost.  At 110k your monthly fixed payments will depend on a number of factors (down payment, interest, real estate tax rate and insurance cost) but $700-$1000 would be a decent guess in my area.  Going off that with two roommates willing to pay $500 a month you would have no living expenses except any maintenance or utilities.  With your income I would expect you could make the payment alone if needed (and it may be needed) so it seems fairly low risk from my perspective. You need somewhere to live you are used to roommates and you can pay the entire cost yourself in a worst case. Some more things to consider.. Insurance will be more expensive, you want to ensure you as the landlord you are covered if anything happens.  If a tenant burns down your house or trips and falls and decides to sue you insurance will protect you.   Capital Expenses (CapEx) replacing things as they wear out. On a home the roof, siding, flooring and all mechanicals(furnace, water heater, etc.) have a lifespan and will need to be replaced.  On rental properties a portion of rent should be set aside to replace these things in the future.  If a roof lasts 20yrs,costs $8,000 and your roof is 10years old you should be setting aside $70 a month so in the  future when this know expense comes up it is not a hardship. Taxes Yes there is a special way to report income from an arrangement like this.  You will fill out a Schedule E form in addition to your regular tax documents. You will also be able to write off a percent of housing expenses and depreciation on the home.  I have been told it is not a simple tax situation and to consult a CPA that specializes in real estate."
"I too am a full-monthly-statement-balance payer and I received a balance transfer offer from my credit-card company. This one was quite different from many others that I have read about on this forum. I could do a balance transfer for any amount up to $X from another credit card, or use the enclosed ""checks"" to pay  some other (non-credit-card) bills, and I would not have to pay any interest for 12 months on the amount thus borrowed.  But, There would be a 2% service charge on the amount I was borrowing. This amount would be billed on the next monthly statement, and it would have to be paid in full by the due date of that month's payment, that is, within the 25-day grace period allowed for payment of monthly statements. Else, interest would start being charged on the unpaid part of the service charge at the usual humongous rate of H% per month. If I had not paid the previous month's balance in full, I would be charged interest at H% per month on the service charge starting from Day One; no free ride till the due date of the next month's statement. Of course, the balance carried over from last month would also be charged interest at H%. If I had paid last month's bill in full, but there were any other charges (purchases) during the current month, then  unless the entire amount due, this month's purchases plus service charge and that ""interest-free-for-twelve-months loan""  balance was paid off within the 25-day grace period, my purchases would be deemed unpaid and would start being charged interest. In short, the only way to avoid paying interest on the amount borrowed was to start with a card showing a $0 balance due on the previous month's statement, not make any charges on that card for a whole year, and pay off that 2% service charge within the grace period. It might also have required that one-twelfth of that interest-free loan be repaid each month, but  I had stopped reading the offer at this point and filed it in the round circular file. In short, while @JoeTaxpayer's tale of how ""As a pay-in-full user, I've used the zero rate to throw $20K at the 5.25% mortgage"" is undoubtedly how things worked once, it is not at all clear that they still work that way. At least, they don't work that way for me.  Heck, once upon a time, for a period of about 3 months, you could earn 1.5% interest per month from the credit card company by overpaying your credit card bill considerably. Their computers then just ""added on"" 1.5% interest by multiplying your credit balance -$X by 1.015 and so you got 1.5% per month interest from the credit card company. The credit card agreements (and the software!) got changed in a hurry, and nowdays all credit-card agreements state in the fine print that if you overpay your bill, you don't earn any interest on the overpayment."
This is not really a fair response to the article. The article explicitly addresses the different treatments for different cancers, it advocates the principle of vaccines as a treatment for a class of disease, one they have not really been adapted to previously.   In fact, many cancers do have a lot in common, though they use different pathways to achieve immortality, many have disruptions to common apoptopic mechanisms with key genes/proteins like KRAS and PTEN being common problems. The idea of stimulating immune responses as a course of treament to cancer in general is a perfectly valid classification of these approaches, though not the only one.
The author makes a quick jump here conflating Walker's efforts against public sector unions and the long-term decline in private sector unions.  These two are analytically, politically, and perhaps even morally distinct.  He then makes a correlation argument: union membership has declined and conditions for the worker have gotten worse.  He doesn't substantiate the latter point, nor does he draw a causal link between the two.  There are decent explanations for the secular decline of union membership: sectoral shifts in the economy away from labor-intensive manufacturing and toward technology, information, and service-sectors in which unions are traditionally not present nor as necessary.  &gt; The weakening of unions has had a huge political effect as well: the realignment of the white working class. Since the ’60s, exit polls have shown that unionized blue-collar whites vote Democratic at a rate 20 to 30 percent higher than their nonunion counterparts. The decline in union membership has weakened Democrats in such heavily white, increasingly deunionized states as West Virginia and Wisconsin…  The author is placing the cart before the horse here.  White working class voters don't think that Democrats represent their interests, so why would they continue to financially support unions that guarantee that their dues will go to politicians who don't represent them?  White working class voters are going to voluntarily join associations that support their own interests and identities, and that's apparently not unions.  If the white working class thought that the Democrats represented their interests, union membership would probably not have declined to such a degree in these regions.
I do feel like you do need to be lucky in this hiring environment. When employers can get everybody and their dog to apply for a given job, you need to have that four-leaf clover (or at least a referral, which, lucky me, I don't in almost all cases). Now of course, you can keep applying, yes, and you can keep working hard at it... but that doesn't necessarily mean you'll eventually get lucky. It just means that you're now competing with different people who get lucky sooner than you do, and new people who get lucky sooner, and so on, and so on. That's the problem with luck - it's never certain, so in theory it may never come through for you. And that terrifies me when I think about it that way.  Of course, all I can do is keep applying, as it does me no good to acknowledge the potential futility of it all and give up. I'm just saying that as a mathematician/statistician, I'm very aware of probabilities. I always feel like the probability of getting accepted anywhere is close to 0, and sure, the odds increase the more I apply... but that doesn't mean they reach 1.
My mortgage is with WF. I want to get away from them. I'm going to try to move in a year or two, and then I'll make sure I never touch them again.  I have an account with a credit union. I'll be transferring everything over to there.
Wrong,  these companies sell fossil fuels,  1,000,000 others consume them..  Solve the problem at the buyer not the seller..    More anti western oil company fluff herw with nothing intelligent to say except to undermine its own premise with only 2 of the top producers being the western ones they are targeting..
I would admit that I don't have all the details, but the VA is corrupt and inefficient, including the 8 years under Obama.  Firing people and holding them accountable is good.  As for cutting disability pay, I need to look into that.
"No, there are neither advantages nor disadvantages. I'll take on this question from an accounting standpoint.   Financial statements, the tools at which the market determines (amongst other things) the value of a stock, are converted at year end to the home currency (see 1.1.3).If Company A has revenue of 100,000 USD and the conversion to EUR is .89, revenue in the European market will be reported as 89,000 EUR. These valuations, along with ratios, analysis, and ""expert"" opinions determine if a person should own shares in Company A.  Now, if we're talking about comparing markets this is a entirely different question.  Example:  Should I buy stock of Company A, who is in the American market (as an European)?  Should I buy stock of Company B, who is in the European market (as an American)? I would recommend this as additional level of diversification of your portfolio to inlcude possible large inflation of either the currency. The possible gains of this foreign exchange may be greater if one or the other currency becomes weak."
"I have no idea where you are getting your years from.  Millennials are typically defined as being born between 1980 and 1996.  Gen-X ends around 1979, and the not-yet-nicknamed Generation Z (perhaps ""iGeneration"", suggested by some?) starts around 1997.  Of course, there isn't full agreement on the start year, as you even quoted, but it's typically early 1980s (I've seen 1979-1982; your given start year of 1993 makes no sense).  The end year is more up for debate; 1996 is very common but I've seen as early as 1995 and as late as 2000 depending on who you talk to.  One common definition of Millennials is people who are too young to be Gen-X, but old enough to remember the September 11 attacks.  The ""18 to 34"" range that you quoted was probably written a couple years ago, or at least from the mindset of a couple years ago when that would have been accurate.  And [quoting Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millennials), not that it is a definitive source:  &gt; researchers typically use the early 1980s as starting birth years and the mid-1990s to early 2000s as ending birth years"
If you put it in a normal account it is (1) taxed as ordinary income now and then (2) any growth is taxed again at the capital gains rate.  Additionally, (3) any dividends will be taxed each year.  If you put it in a 401(k), you will only be taxed once, at the ordinary income rate.   Mathematically, if you start with X and have a regular tax rate of t and capital gains rate of g and your investments return r and there are n years to retirement, then your total wealth if you put it in a mutual fund (ignoring annual taxes on dividends) will be While if you used a 401(k) it would simply be The whole g term (along with any annual taxes on dividends) is gone in the second case and that's potentially a lot of taxes.  The 401(k) is much better in terms of total wealth unless tax rates dramatically rise between now and when you retire so that the t in the second case is much higher than in the first. This is virtually never the case for people retiring now.  Of course, what tax rates the future holds, we do not know.
"How can I use a house I own free and clear to purchase another home? Answer: walk in to any bank, that's any bank, or any lending institution. State that you own a house free and clear. This will happen: In all jurisdictions, it's incredibly easy to borrow large amounts of money at the lowest possible rate, once you own a house outright. On top of that, you want to spend the money on another house (as opposed to s sports car or the like), so you have even more equity.  Winner! Your main question will be this.  Say your current house (owned outright!) is worth $500,000.  Go to a bank or lender, and say to them, ""How much money will you give me to buy house B putting both the houses on the mortgage.""  One bank will say ""fantastic!  buy any house you want up to $400,000!""  Another will say ""$450,000!"" another will say ""$300,000!""  In a hot market another will say ""$650,000!"".  So shop around and see who will give you the most."
Yes, you can pay for chiropractic and dental through an HSA. If you do this, you are essentially paying for these things with before-tax money. Your savings depend on which tax bracket you are in; for example, if you are in the 15% bracket, you will essentially save 15% on these expenses by contributing the money into an HSA, and then paying out of that account, instead of paying directly with after-tax money.  In order to be eligible to contribute to an HSA, you need to be enrolled in a High Deductible Health Plan (HDHP). If you don't know if your current health insurance plan is an HSA-eligible HDHP, you can ask your health insurance provider.
Well it goes without saying that you aren't trying to get one over on the company you're complaining about.    I had an icemaker that I paid a crazy amount of money for and the company refused to admit that 5 service within calls six months of installation was out of the ordinary.  One complaint to the BBB and suddenly they were tripping over themselves to send out a new unit.    Was still a piece of shit, gave up, bought a $200 ice maker from walmart and have never had a problem.    But between BBB and chargebacks I've stopped eating shitty company behavior.
Hypnosis is a blessing for the human race as it can help is a lot of things. One of the greatest thing is that we can use hypnotherapy to stop smoking. At Transformations Coaching &amp; Hypnotherapy, our expert hypnotherapists help their patients in quitting the life threatening habit of smoking.
"Can you show me evidence to support the claim that this website is ""checked by multiple sources"" and ""maintained by media reviewers""? Also how is ""it rings true"" anything other than saying it's true because it confirms what I already believe?  From the methodology section of his website:   &gt; **Disclaimer**: The methodology used by Media Bias Fact Check is our own.  It is not a tested scientific method.  It is meant as a simple guide for people to get an idea of a source’s bias.    &gt; MBFC News was founded by Dave Van Zandt in 2015.  Dave studied Communications in college and over the years has focused on personal research in media bias and the role of media in politics.  His expertise is that he studied communications in college.  Communications is a required course in most colleges, giving anyone who attended college for one semester the same level of expertise in that field as him, including me.  Let's see who his contributors are:  Dennis Kelly - Professor of Religious Studies  Dr. Michael Allen - Professor of systematic theology  Faith Locke Siewart - Photographer  Aaron O'Leary - middle school teacher  According to the website itself. None of the content creators on the website have any history or expertise in media, communications, media research or any relevant field. Also, they admit in the disclaimer that their methodology is not a tested scientific method, which means it isnt a methodology at all, and it isn't subject to peer-review or fact-checking like you claimed.   The only evidence for the legitimacy of this website, is that it confirms what people already believe.  You can't get mad about being called fake news when you're essentially using some dudes blog as a source."
"Lending of shares happens in the background. Those who have lent them out are not aware that they have been lent out, nor when they are returned. The borrowers have to pay any dividends to the lenders and in the end the borrowers get their stock back. If you read the fine print on the account agreement for a margin account, you will see that you have given the brokerage the permission to silently loan your stocks out.  Since the lending has no financial impact on your portfolio, there's no particular reason to know and no particular protection required.  Actually, brokers typically don't bother going through the work of finding an actual stock to borrow.  As long as lots of their customers have stocks to lend and not that many people have sold short, they just assume there is no problem and keep track of how many are long and short without designating which stocks are borrowed from whom. When a stock becomes hard to borrow because of liquidity issues or because many people are shorting it, the brokerage will actually start locating individual shares to borrow, which is a more time-consuming and costly procedure.  Usually this involves the short seller actually talking to the broker on the phone rather than just clicking ""sell."""
Agreed. What this settlement does is ensure that the people who committed the fraud are safe. The current management, employees, shareholders, and customers have nothing to do with what happened 7-10 years ago, but they are the ones that will end up paying to permanently close any potential liability to the people who commited fraud.
working for a large oil company as an IT person, it's really, really difficult to do business in California. There are so many regulations and standards that it's almost too much for a refiner to put up with.  I'm a typical Redditor.. net neutrality, moderate liberal, etc... and I understand the need for the EPA.. but too much legislation can really be a bad thing for refiner and customer alike.
It's legal. I have documentation to prove it. Also a location and phone number for said legal weed shop. On top of all that I trust my celeb friend implicitly. Why would she try to fuck me over?
Basically, a bonus is no different from your normal income. You will get the same benefits from putting the money in a 401(k) as you would if you decided to put more of your normal income into a 401(k).
FICA/SE taxes are not 30%. They are at most ~15%, including the employer portion. Employer also pays FUTA tax, and has additional payroll expenses (like fees and worker compensation insurance). The employee's FICA portion is limited up to a certain level of earnings (110100 this year, IIRC). Above it you only pay medicare taxes, not social security. S-Corp earnings are not taxed at 15%, these are not dividends. They're taxed at your ordinary income rate. You don't pay SE taxes on it, that's the only difference. I hope you're talking about tax treatment decision, because there are entirely different factors to keep in mind when you're organizing a business and making a decision between being it a LLC or a corporation. I believe you should pay some money to get a real advice that would apply to you, from a EA/CPA who would be doing the number-crunching (hopefully correctly). I'm a tax practitioner, and this answer was not intended or written to be used, and it cannot be used by any taxpayer, for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer.
"I interpret that to mean ""vice"" stocks and necessities.  ""Cake"" may just be a nicer way of saying ""sin"" (see The Virtues of Vice Stocks) and includes ""lesser sins"" like sweets and soda in the group. ""Underwear"" likely means things that people are going to buy regardless of the economy - daily staples, which are generally safer stocks."
Our furniture uses only top notch material and beautifully crafted workmanship. Our creative design will provide a long-lasting and eye-catching impression that will light up your home for many years to come. At iHome Studio, we’re committed to helping you achieve your dream home while expressing your unique style and taste.
Understood. Similar to how doctors who go through/pay for med school prevent me from practicing medicine to profit.   Unsure what you think the average bbg user is doing with the terminal, bud. It's definitely not day-trading, at least not in the way you the think.
A huge part of the problem is that low income people have been very heavily marketed to by the online and for profit colleges because they were eligible for financial aid (mainly loans) and were seen ONLY as a straw through which to suck money out of the government by these “schools”. Because they were only interested in the money, there was no attempt to qualify students in many of these schools or provide any support to them. When students dropped out their “counselors” would keep signing them up for classes that they didn’t know about or attend.   Because a lot of the schools are bullshit schools with either no reputation or a poor one, even those who finished were largely not able to get the high paying jobs they were promised in order to lure them in. This goes for low income students, especially ones whose families have no previous experience with post high school education, across the board, and all of this group is far more likely to default (because they were basically ripped off, got nothing useful from these bogus schools and were often outright defrauded, and do not have the income they were told they would have when agreeing to the loans) but because there is a higher percentage of minorities among this group they are more likely to be defaulters. But our unforgiving student loan system doesn’t differentiate between loans for real eduacation and loans for these rip off “schools” so you are still 100% on the hook regardless. Even if they signed you up for several more semesters’ worth of classes after you “withdrew”.  It’s a lot like the mortgage collapse—desperate to keep making money, the lenders targeted increasingly less qualified people who were also naive about the entire system and sold them terrible loans (sometimes talking them out of more reasonable options) and then when the whole thing starts to fail, it’s all “because the government made the banks give mortgages to poor black people”.  The institutions suck up the money and leave bewildered poor people holding the bag, now even poorer with nothing to show for the debt they will literally be digging out of forever.   The Obama administration FINALLY took some steps to control the predatory for-profit institutions and try to sort out who had been ripped off vs people who had genuinely received any useful education, but of course the new Sec of Education is doing her best to roll all that back.  And most of the victims aren’t teens either. They are adults with kids who were trying to do something to better themselves and their lives and got screwed over. Some of these middle aged people will literally be having their Social Security garnished to pay for these loans. It’s disgusting, and even more so to say it’s all affirmative action.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://thehill.com/latino/336667-puerto-rico-goes-to-the-polls-for-statehood) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; As a candidate, he said, &amp;quot;The will of the Puerto Rican people in any status referendum should be considered as Congress follows through on any desired change in status for Puerto Rico, including statehood.""  &gt; Statehood supporters argue that territorial status has held back the island&amp;#039;s economy by creating a legal structure where Congress can pick and choose how national laws - most notably tax laws - apply to Puerto Rico.  &gt; He penned a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions objecting to the ballot&amp;#039;s title, &amp;quot;Plebiscite for the Immediate Decolonization of Puerto Rico.&amp;quot; Wicker said that Puerto Rico has not been a colony since its annexation from Spain in 1898.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6gbb0b/puerto_rico_goes_to_the_polls_for_statehood/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~140472 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Puerto**^#1 **statehood**^#2 **vote**^#3 **Rico**^#4 **state**^#5"
Loans are indeed a bitch. You should make enough to cover your expenses and live comfortably. Any salary above that is at your discretion. You shouldn't feel pressured to compete for highest salary because if you're happy, it really doesn't matter.
"I know WFM have an expensive reputation, but their prices aren't that bad on many things, their products are generally high-quality, and the store experience (cleanliness, checkout flow, etc.) is better than most other supermarkets I know of. I feel like customer service could be better, but I digress.   With that being said, I hope that Amazon aren't going to lower the quality standards along with the prices. I don't want WFM to become another lousy Walmart ""Neighbourhood Market."" I personally don't care for their image, rather the value I get, but Amazon's agenda can potentially erode both their image and value."
You normally wouldn't pay income taxes on money that isn't income. Transferring money or withdrawing it from a bank isn't an income generating event. I think it is very doubtful that you would need to claim that on income tax forms.
What you are describing is called a Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC). While the strategy you are describing is not impossible it would raise the amount of debt in your name and reduce your borrowing potential. A recent HELOC used to finance the down payment on a second property risks sending a signal of bad financial position to credit analysts and may further reduce your chances to obtain the credit approval.
Not being catered to?  Shows are routinely cancelled after only 3,4,5 episodes because they don't appear to be tracking as a smash hit.  (to be replaced by some whipped up reality trash, I might add).  If anything, I think they pay too much attention to public opinion.
When you initiate a chargeback, the merchant has the right to dispute the chargeback.  If they can provide proof that the purchase actually took place, the chargeback will fail. We don't know all the details of your situation, of course, but it appears from what you have said that the tax chain probably has documents that you signed agreeing to the charges.  They prepared your return (even if they did a poor job), and so from their perspective, they have decided that they deserve to be paid.  Whether or not they did a good job is a matter of opinion, of course; their position might be that they did it correctly, and the second business did it poorly.   The chargeback is a powerful tool, but it is not a magic button that makes a charge disappear.  If the merchant can show that a sale did indeed take place and show that the proper amount was charged, the chargeback will fail.  For a service, it isn't enough usually to simply state that you were unsatisfied; if you received the service at the agreed-upon price, the charge is valid. A chargeback is sort of a nuclear option when it comes to getting a refund.  There are negative ramifications and expenses every time a merchant gets a chargeback (even if they ultimately win), and so often they will be willing to work something out to avoid a chargeback.  You should go to the merchant first, if you can, and ask for a refund before considering the chargeback option.  If you file a chargeback without even giving them the opportunity to work it out with you, the merchant will usually want to fight back.
&gt;If AUD loses half it's value, forget your 3.75% you've just lost half your savings.  Aaaah see now it's making sense. Basically I'm uncovered on any changes in the FX rate and if i hedged that with a currency swap I'd lose any gains from my interest rate due to the arbitrage that would be captured by larger FX firms (who would be the writer of my currency swap?) ?  I'll refresh my irparity knowledge later.
it's been a staple for many years now actually.  for larger items, and especially for automotive, it doesn't make sense to produce overseas and ship to the states.  besides the option of mexico and canada, it costs way less to manufacture in the US.  that's why you see all OEM car makes have at least a plant or two in the US.
"**Are you nuts?**  &gt;*""Are you talking about TARP because that was paid back early and at 6.2% interest, the gov't made money on that bailout. The auto bailout however lost the gov't billions at the taxpayers expense and the bondholders got screwed over and the unions made out like bandits. Your title just shows how bias and uneducated you are on the subject. ""*  I'm talking about the GFC/Global Financial Crisis. In 2008.   -------------QUOTED TEXT--------------  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_crisis_of_2007%E2%80%9308  This article is about the financial crisis that peaked in 2008. *For the global recession triggered by the financial crisis, see [Great Recession](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Recession).*  The financial crisis of 2007–2008, also known as the Global Financial Crisis and 2008 financial crisis, is considered by many economists the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s.[1]   It resulted in the threat of total collapse of large financial institutions, the bailout of banks by national governments, and downturns in stock markets around the world. In many areas, the housing market also suffered, resulting in evictions, foreclosures and prolonged unemployment. The crisis played a significant role in the failure of key businesses, declines in consumer wealth estimated in trillions of U.S. dollars, and a downturn in economic activity leading to the 2008–2012 global recession and contributing to the European sovereign-debt crisis.[2][3] The active phase of the crisis, which manifested as a liquidity crisis, can be dated from August 9, 2007, when BNP Paribas terminated withdrawals from three hedge funds citing ""a complete evaporation of liquidity"".[4]  The bursting of the U.S. (United States) housing bubble, which peaked in 2006,[5] caused the values of securities tied to U.S. real estate pricing to plummet, damaging financial institutions globally.[6][7] The financial crisis was triggered by a complex interplay of policies that encouraged home ownership, providing easier access to loans for (lending) borrowers, overvaluation of bundled subprime mortgages based on the theory that housing prices would continue to escalate, questionable trading practices on behalf of both buyers and sellers, compensation structures that prioritize short-term deal flow over long-term value creation, and a lack of adequate capital holdings from banks and insurance companies to back the financial commitments they were making.[8][9][10][11] Questions regarding bank solvency, declines in credit availability and damaged investor confidence had an impact on global stock markets, where securities suffered large losses during 2008 and early 2009. Economies worldwide slowed during this period, as credit tightened and international trade declined.[12] Governments and central banks responded with unprecedented fiscal stimulus, monetary policy expansion and institutional bailouts. In the U.S., Congress passed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.  (continued- thats just the first two paragraphs)"
When it comes to apps, ideas have little value compared to the ability to execute on an idea. If you are not a developer, ask yourself what value you bring to the business besides having an idea. Can you test the value of this idea before it's an app? Is there a market for it? Do you have capital to invest in development, marketing, and production?
There it is. The core difference between our perspectives. You believe there are innate human needs that can be known objectively, and I do not.   I believe that human needs are inherently subjective, and their degree of satisfaction or lack of satisfaction is unknowable to anyone but that individual.  Both language and observable behavior offer an incomplete picture of a person's internal state. I think philosophy calls this privileged access.
The business gives high-quality automobile dealer planning and business valuation services. If you want to benefit, then you could visit our business enterprise internet site. The Kirk Kleckner is the finest organiation for valuation services. These are different sorts of the automotive dealer planning in the United states. Required, shopping for any form of car these days is not a simple depend. The automobile dealer making plans generally stated in maximum international locations has made human beings extra conscious about their costs.
This is called a Life Annuity, and any life insurance salesperson will gladly sell you one.
Not always true. A few good companies understand that if they hire the best, and pay for it, they will outpace their competitors through sheer quality.   But keeping wages low is just easier to do than finding and hiring the best, a managing the whole thing well.
&gt;It depletes the assets of the bank.  Let's be realistic - no, it does not. It's a marginal cost that is passed on to their customers. So, it harms the public.   &gt;They should be breaking into investment banks and destroying their computers, which are actually essential to financial operations and worth large sums to replace per-unit.  The costs of which will be passed on to customers.   &gt;That is, they believe in direct action (violent  Making them no better than statists, when they inflict violence. And often on innocent people, like the customers of the bank who get to pay higher fees.   &gt;The tendency to not give a shit about their image is a fault of theirs, but only in the sense that we Jews are also at fault for not giving a shit about our image: it's not like it would help.  Image is EVERYTHING - it's the only thing that supports the existing murderous regime. And that's exactly what anarchists don't get.
So Bain buys the company in 2010 which at the time has no debt. 7 years later the company files for bankruptcy and blames outdated systems and online retail.    Sounds like complete bullshit to me. I wonder how much Bain sucked out of the company before letting it wither out and die?  I'm guessing the purchase of the company was financed against Gymboree and then add some hefty management fees and cut back on capital expenses and all of sudden the company is no longer profitable.
Showz Store provides the high-quality toys, in affordable prices and great customer service. We are the fastest growing online toy store, and we’re excited to keep growing. We provide all kinds of toys online. If you are searching Mastermind Creations for your kids, then you can visit our website. Here you can get a lot of toys in best variety. Our online stores are open 24*7 days. We accept all major credit cards.
The Gordon equation does not use inflation-adjusted numbers. It uses nominal returns/dividends and growth rates. It really says nothing anyone would not already know.  Everyone knows that your total return equals the sum of the income return plus capital gains.   Gordon simply assumes (perfectly validly) that capital gains will be driven by the growth of earnings, and that the dividends paid will likewise increase at the same rate. So he used the 'dividend growth rate' as a proxy for the 'earnings growth rate' or 'capital gains rate'. You cannot use inflation-removed estimates of equity rates of return because those returns do not change with inflation.  If anything they move in opposite directions.  Eg in the 1970's inflation the high market rates caused people to discount equity values at larger rates --- driving their values down -- creating losses.
"I live where Uber, Sidecar and Lyft are available and have almost regularly used all three services.  Out of all of my experiences, Lyft has been the worse. The drivers I've had are quite creepy. They don't seem to have any regulations of how the drivers should act. I've had a driver start smoking in the car with me. Also, they do not have upfront pricing. They do not give an estimate so it's a surprise when you get the bill. They are also a dollar or two more expensive per mile than Sidecar or Uber.  Sidecar is great for when you need longer rides. Their rates are generally cheaper for long trips. The drivers have rules they need to follow. As a driver for them, it kind of sucks. They are based off of a ""donation"" that you pay for your ride. So you could have a $20 bill. but only pay $3. And then Sidecar takes 20% of that and then to transfer that to your account is either $0.50 or $1. Unless you drive full time, it doesn't make much sense to drive.  And Uber. Oh how I love them! I had one bad experience riding with them and they called me the next day and gave me a refund and some extra ride credit. They are consistently cheaper than Sidecar or Lyft and much more professional. It's like getting a private town car without breaking the bank. Most of the drivers are former taxi drivers, but they go through training with Uber on how to be courteous and knowledgeable about the city. I cannot rave enough about them! :D  It's shady of Uber to mess with their ""competitors"" but that doesn't change my opinion about them. I highly doubt that Uber is telling the drivers to do this."
"Still waiting, still not seeing any that have..  When you debate someone, in a forum or somewhere other than your armchair, I suggest you forget about trying to demand a opposite answer from someone as an answer to a question. Its not only childish, its really quite silly. You are, by all definitions, a troglodyte. If you think of those ignorant ""republican christians"", thats how you are acting now. No country in the past has ever sold and bought there own debt at the same time I can promise you  I worked in finance, for a large highly rated company, then got rich building a business. I know this hurts, but honestly, when you are wrong, just admit it and move on. Ignorance is just so sad to display and probably keeps you held back in life anyways.  Im off to bed though I am sure you'll declare yourself victor of not naming a single country that bought and sold its own debt in history. But, maybe its ANY victory in your head you need right now. Who knows.  ------------------------------------------- Update 1 * lol I see you changed your answer, let me do the same. The fact that the ""bank of england"" in 1694 is the model of ""modern"" central banks STILL doesn't show that they BOUGHT THERE OWN DEBT. Do you still not understand this yet? Modern central banking has NOTHING TO DO with buying your own debt. You really are clueless as to how ""economics"" works aren't you?   ------------------------------------------- Update 2 * I think you keep changing them, because for some reason you just won't admit you have no understanding of modern/classical banking. Once again:  &gt;In order to induce subscription to the loan, the subscribers were to be incorporated by the name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. The bank was given exclusive possession of the government's balances, and was the only limited-liability corporation allowed to issue bank-notes.[12] The lenders would give the government cash (bullion) and also issue notes against the government bonds, which can be lent again. The £1.2m was raised in 12 days; half of this was used to rebuild the Navy.  This statement still DOES NOT show that the government here simultaniously purchased its own bonds it issued. It issued debt, yes, no one is debating this. The bank, for all purposes, acted as the Treasury for England.  But honestly, you are a fucking piece of work. I have watched you lie, change your answers, and pretty much do every childish thing in the book to try to win an arguement on Reddit. You are a little person, honestly. I know not of what world you live in, but it isn't this one. Seriously, get better, the world is alot more fun when you don't suck so bad at it."
You can't rollover a 401k directly into a Roth IRA.  What you can do is rollover a 401k into a traditional IRA, and then convert some or all of the money to a Roth IRA.  This is independent of any contributions made to a traditional or Roth IRA.
You could go further and do a carry trade by borrowing EUR at 2% and depositing INR at 10%. All the notes above apply, and see the link there.
You can find out the general types of investments by reading the public corporation 10-Q report that is filed with the SEC it can be accessed via the EDGAR system. It will not tell you what securities they have, but it does identify the short term and long term investments categories and their value.
https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/causes-prevention/risk/tobacco  No. I'm just someone who doesn't subscribe to the fear mongering against Monsanto and conventional farming techniques in general. If people decide to avoid traditional practices, all th power to them. If, however, they start to spread misinformation or fearmonger I have a problem with that.
Cash price is $22,500. Financed, it's the same thing (0% interest) but you pay a $1500 fee. 1500/22500 = 6.6%. Basically the APR for your loan is 1.1% per year but you are paying it all upfront. Opportunity cost: If you take the $22,500 you plan to pay for the car and invested it, could you earn more than the $1500 interest on the car loan? According to google, as of today you can get 1 year CD @ 1.25% so yes. It's likely that interest rates will be going up in medium term so you can potentially earn even more.  Insurance cost: If you finance you'll have to get comprehensive insurance which could be costly. However, if you are planning to get it anyway (it's a brand new car after all), that's a wash. Which brings me to my main point: Why do you have $90k in a savings account? Even if you are planning to buy a house you should have that money invested in liquid assets earning you interest.  Conclusion: Take the cheap money while it's available. You never know when interest rates will go up again.
IMPACTO offers the best solutions and deals for traveling. Here the traveler will receive rewards while find the best deals. We are all about travel technologies. IMPACTO is a company of the holding Orion Travel Tech Inc.ORION Travel Tech was founded by Mr. Gary German and Mr Rodolfo Ladislau. Mr Gary German, a former Continental Airlines Flight Attendant, Skinit Director, Ad Executive, Feature Film Promotions Director, and Mobile Tech Person.Mr Rodolfo Ladislau, an Airplane Commercial Pilot, Bachelor in Tourism and Hotel Manager with years of experience at the hospitality industry. IMPACTO offers the best solutions and products related to travel industry. learn more details visit here: http://www.iimpacto.com/
#####&amp;#009;  ######&amp;#009;  ####&amp;#009;  [**Private Express Statutes**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private%20Express%20Statutes): [](#sfw)   ---  &gt;  &gt;The __Private Express Statutes__ (__PES__) are a group of [United States federal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_law) [civil](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_law_(common_law\)) and [criminal laws](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criminal_law) placing various restrictions on the carriage and delivery of [letters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_(message\)) by all organizations other than the [United States Postal Service](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Postal_Service).  &gt;  ---  ^Interesting: [^American ^Letter ^Mail ^Company](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Letter_Mail_Company) ^| [^United ^States ^Postal ^Service](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Postal_Service) ^| [^Private ^cancellation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_cancellation) ^| [^Local ^post](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_post)   ^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&amp;message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+cjnqjkd) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&amp;subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&amp;message=%2Bdelete+cjnqjkd)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
&gt;According to the IRS, penalties and fines are only non-deductible when they are paid for actual violations of laws/regulations.  That's not quite correct. Section 162(f) says [bolding is mine]:   &gt;No deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) for any fine or similar penalty **paid to a government** for the violation of any law.  That means they can only claim a deduction on the portion of the fine that isn't paid to the US government.   I'm doing a little research to see if I can find out what the dealy-o is.
Ahaha you're so butthurt it kills me. I'm not sure wtf insight you think I should be giving on CIMs or pitch books cuz they're pretty fkn self explanatory. As for modelling, infra modelling (which is most of my modelling experience) is super technical and the models are really extensive so it's not really applicable to most other industry groups. You don't have to believe me about who I am or what I do but I really gain nothing from lying about it lmao
"You seem to have all your financial bases covered, and others have given you good financial advice, so I will try to give you some non-financial ideas. The first and most important thing is that you are investing with a long time friend, so the dynamics are a lot different that if you had recently met a stranger with an ""interesting"" new idea. The first thing you need to ask yourself is if your friendship will survive if this thing doesn't go well? You've already said you can afford to lose the money so that's not a worry, but will there be any ""recriminations?"" The flip side is also true; if the venture succeeds, you should be able to go further with it because he's your friend. You know your friend better (back to grade school) than almost anyone else, so here are some things to ask yourself: What does your friend have that will give him a chance to succeed; tech savvy, a winning personality, a huge rolodex, general business savvy, something else? If your guardian angel had told you that one of your friends was planning to embark on an internet/advertising venture, is this the one you would have guessed? Conversely, knowing that your friend was planning to do a start up, is this the kind of venture you would have guessed? How does ""internet"" and ""advertising"" fit in with what you are doing? If this venture succeeds, could it be used to help your professional development and career, maybe as a supplier or customer? Can you see yourself leaving your current job and joining your friend's (now established) company as a vice president or acting as a member of its board of directors, the latter perhaps while pursuing your current career path?  Are your other mutual friends investing? Are some of them more tech savvy than you and better able to judge the company's prospects of success? To a certain extent, there is ""safety in numbers"" and even if there isn't, ""misery loves company."" On the upside, would you feel left out if everyone in your crowd caught ""the next Microsoft"" except you?"
"Dimon's analysis and conclusions regarding his own lack of leadership and flawed oversight, leaves me frustrated and thinking... ""No Shit Sherlock!""     For five years we keep hearing over-and-over from an endless procession of Wall Street Elite how nobody understood the smoke-and-mirror shenanigans and that none of them believed that they were involved in any wrongdoing. Each time that this lame conclusion of blaming ""unexpected consequences and complexity"" is offered, are we really meant to accept it? Does anyone accept it? Stating that ""I now know that deceitful business practices and blatant gambling had grave consequences"" is hardly a revelation.   Seriously, Dimon had to be the archetype for the **[Captain Hindsight](http://vimeo.com/16315458)** character."
According to this site:   If you think the plan trustees or others responsible for investing your pension money have been violating the rules, you should call or write the nearest field office of the U.S. Department of Labor's Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA (formerly PWBA)). Looking at EBSA's FAQ for abandoned plans finds:   EBSA has developed an Abandoned Plan searchable database to help participants and beneficiaries find out if a particular plan is in the process of being, or has been, terminated. The site is searchable by plan name or employer name and will provide the name and contact information for the QTA, if one exists.  If you do not have access to a computer to conduct the search, you may contact one of EBSA’s Benefits Advisors to assist you by calling toll-free, 1.866.444.EBSA (3272). So I would try searching the database for your plan.  If that doesn't help, you can call EBSA and ask for more specific assistance.  Or use the contact us page to find an alternative contact method.
... its not really a surprise that people in a major US city (populated mainly by Democrats) aren't too keen on Trump.   I guess I'm impressed the WaPo actually sent a reporter somewhere that's not on a coast.   Sort of.
"This is reddit quality material. Don't use reddit to do your homework. The CMO is a type of MBS. The simplest type of MBS is a simple mortgage pass-through. So no, CMO's and MBS's aren't ""basically the same thing"". Don't use reddit for shit like this these Occupy Wall Street fuckers don't know what the fuck they're talking about. All they know is that they're poor and that's about it."
"Except here's the problem.   Sunglasses for example are something you'd be a fool to buy online without trying them on first.   So you go to a store, try on a pair of ray-bans that cost $260, and you get them online for $120.  The problem is that when all the stores disappear, we no longer have that option.    Honestly I did this at Sunglass Hut...   I bought them on an impulse, found the model online, and returned them and said: ""I wouldn't care if it was $40 difference - being able to try them on is worth it.   But you're selling them for double what I can get them for online, so I'm going to return these.   I feel like an ass, but you guys don't price match.""  The 19 year old girl probably didn't care too much on my rant, but maybe one day it'll get to the company's management."
I think there are three important considerations:
"Exactly, it's like Ayn Rand arguing against handouts then living off welfare in her old age. Or rich people arguing against tax loopholes while taking advantage of them while they exist. Just because you use something doesn't mean you agree with it, you have every right to say ""this is bullshit, but I'm going to do it because it's fair that I do."""
I don't think you understand what I'm saying. The right to free speech has nothing to do with private companies. I agree with the concept of free speech as it is defined in the Constitution, I don't agree that private companies should be forced to provide a platform for it or to facilitate it in any way.
First and foremost, I would warn about having to shell out your own money for start-up, inventory, or other sunk costs.  If I have to significant amounts of goods and stockpile them, that would be a warning.  Some goods-based MLM have significant start-up costs.  Along with this - how realistic are your time expectations.  Is this to be a part-time occasional endeavor - or your full-time occupation?  Do you know enough people that you believe you can recruit, as it is the pyramid that makes you the money, not the goods themselves. Secondly, market research.  Companies that I would consider real franchise-like companies generally either have, or demand you do, significant market research in an area before you start.  They don't want the good name of their company tarnished by having a venue close down.  MLM generally don't care as much (generalization).  Similarly, are there others in the same neighborhood/town already in the scheme?  If so, and depending on the size of your community, many of your potential target recruits may already either be in the scheme, or already scared/annoyed. Third, and last for my list are any kind of pressure tactics.  Again - franchisee companies and their ilk generally want a long-term relationship with the right people - not just more and more people as part of the pyramid.  MLM and the like tend to want expand at all costs.
See http://blogs.reuters.com/felix-salmon/2011/04/30/why-the-sec-should-look-at-levered-etfs/?dlvrit=60132, http://symmetricinfo.org/2011/04/are-investors-in-levered-short-treasury-etfs-a-disaster-waiting-to-happen-pt1/, and the articles linked from it: The issue with holding a levered ETF past 1 day is that investors expose themselves to path dependency in the underlying.... The reason for the difference in payouts comes from the fact that the manager of the levered ETF promises you a multiple of the daily returns of the underlying. To be able to promise you these daily returns, the ETF manager has to buy/sell some of the underlying every day to position himself to have a constant leverage ratio the next day. The short video below explains this process in detail for a 2x long ETF, but the same result holds for a 2x short ETF: the manager has to buy more of the underlying on a day when the underlying increases in value and sell more of the underlying when the underlying goes down in value .
While historical performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance, I like to look at the historical performance of the markets for context. Vanguard's portfolio allocation models is one source for this data. Twenty years is a long term timeline. If you're well diversified in passively managed index funds, you should be positioned well for the future.  You've lost nothing until it's realized or you sell. Meanwhile, you still own an asset that has value. As Warren Buffet says, buy low and sell high.
&gt; 1% is by definition not common.  I'd say the opposite. By definition, 1 in 100% are in that 1% group, which means a random person has a decent chance of knowing some of them. It's common like having red hair is.
"I found the study ""The irrationality of payment behaviour"" accidentally while searching on the term ""DNB Study"" instead of ""D&B Study"".  This study, which, when I followed the link, went to the web site dnb.nl (Dutch National Bank), instead of dnb.com (Dun & Bradstreet).  It mentions all the salient points that I hear Dave Ramsey and others mention when they talk about studies on this subject of credit vs cash.  Also, it cross references to many other studies by various researchers, banks, and universities.  Is this the ""missing mythical DNB study?""  I'll let you decide.  Relevant ""coincidental"" points from the study: To be fair and complete, I should mention that clearly the relevant parts of this DNB study are talking about discretionary spending.  Auto-paying your mortgage with a card is clearly not going to cost you more (unless you somehow forget to pay off the card or some other silliness)."
When you ask people to differentiate between a condominium and an apartment, they usually base their answers on the structure itself. A condominium is, more often than not, a high-rise building filled with dozens of living spaces while an apartment is usually two to three stories high with only a handful of units.
I work with plenty of older guys who have never seen Office Space.  They express the same sentiments as others of us who have.  Generally it keeps getting worse too as roles move from technical to tracking.  The last thing we need is more bosses that just track shit.
Eh... do you not like sausages, beef pepperoni or bologna? It isn't like we didn't eat this shit before, we have for thousands of years, just most of the recipes that utilize it our not to our modern tastes so the turn it into more palatable products. You might not have ate straight up cow tongue, cow heart, cow asshole, ect straight up but you have ate it many many times without complaint if you ever eat sausage.
Oh you're right, there are still ways to travel lighter with kids....it's all relative...  But having ACTUALLY traveled light when I was younger I know what it means.  Now even after slimming down the suitcases, I still felt like I was bringing half the house to the tropics for 2 weeks.
No matter how a company releases relevant information about their business, SOMEBODY will be the first to see it. I mean, of all the people looking, someone has to be the first. I presume that professional stock brokers have their eyes on these things closely and know exactly who publishes where and when to expect new information. In real life, many brokers are going to be seeing this information within seconds of each other. I suppose if one sees it half a second before everybody else, knows what he's looking for and has already decided what he's going to do based on this information, he might get a buy or sell order in before anybody else. Odds are that if you're not a professional broker, you don't know when to expect new information to be posted, and you probably have a job or a family or like to eat and sleep now and then, so you can't be watching somebody's web site constantly, so you'll be lagging hours or days behind the full-time professionals.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.npr.org/2017/10/11/556973877/fed-s-departing-vice-chair-on-stocks-the-federal-debt-and-transparency) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Fed&amp;#039;s Departing Vice Chair Stanley Fischer On Stocks, U.S. Debt And Transparency Stanley Fischer says that despite record highs in the stock market - boosted by the Fed&amp;#039;s low interest rates - he doesn&amp;#039;t see a bubble.  &gt; In an interview with NPR&amp;#039;s Robert Siegel, Fischer says that despite record highs in the stock market - boosted by the Fed&amp;#039;s low interest rates - he doesn&amp;#039;t see a bubble.  &gt; Fischer also says that the $20 trillion national debt is not worrisome currently, but if interest rates go up that could cause &amp;quot;Significant problems&amp;quot; for the federal budget.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/76587t/feds_departing_vice_chair_on_stocks_the_federal/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~227548 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **rates**^#1 **Fed**^#2 **interest**^#3 **very**^#4 **low**^#5"
"i realize the required rate will need to be below the expected growth rate. not really the issue.   i'm also not looking for insight into how i model these two possible options, i'm really just interested in how people would think about producing a discount rate for the projects.  ""but you determine the required return(discount rate) based on the perceived risk of the investment and your particular views""   this was the ultimate question i was getting at. what would YOU use?"
So here's our [answer](http://www.taxalmanac.org/index.php/Treasury_Regulations,_Subchapter_A,_Sec._1.162-21).  What it looks like, is basically that the **fines** are not deductible, but the **damages** are.   At any rate, I don't think it's questionable at all. It reduces the overall amount of the amount they have to pay, but it's certainly not like they come out ahead on the deal. Further, I presume it's been argued before a court that since the income was illegally obtained (through some sort of illegal function of the business) then the business paid taxes on income it shouldn't have made in the first place.
In the Anti-Money Laundering World ( AML) , structuring consists of the division ( breaking up) of cash transactions, deposits and withdrawals, with the intent to avoid the Currency Transaction Reporting ( CTR) filings.  In your case the issue is not structuring but the fact that you have another person ( unknown to the bank) depositing cash , event if it is above the CTR threshold, for you to withdraw later .  The entire scenario raises a lot of questions.
Will they retire the name or just move collection to some poor town's spring and dry it up and create havoc in the process? I personally LIKE the fact that Aquafina is just Detroit river water. No real environmental damage, the river is large enough to supply it, no harm no foul. (I don't drink bottled water because it is akin to starting a tire fire in my mind).
Yes, I think this is the general idea. We're going through a deleveraging. On the one hand, this isn't entirely a bad thing because the financial crisis showed some people were lending irresponsibly. A lot of bad loans were made and bad loans that don't get repaid cause a lot of havoc.  One the down side, like the original poster said this makes it seem like money is drying up. This has been a bigger problem in some places than other. A lot would argue, myself included, that the US has deleveraged relatively--and key word is relatively--smoothly. Other places, like Europe have not been so lucky.
I wouldn't say were in a Dotcom Bubble 2. For example, Groupon doesn't have a moat, there are already 1 million copycats, and its stock did not skyrocket, it is tanking. Facebook has hundreds of millions of devoted users. However, I believe I saw some stats regarding daily and weekly usage. They did look good for Facebook. Anyway, if you want steady long-term growth you will put your money into Coca-Cola or McDonald's until China, India, Russia, and Brazil are saturated. Still a lot of growth potential there. But don't listen to me, I liquidated everything one day before this past week's run-up.
"Are you out of your mind?   Offer the Teacher Unions to pay more to teachers?   This will turn in two seconds from ""we want to offer 10% more"" to ""we demand 30% more... and next year another 30%"".  Unions are the main reason teachers get paid little and treated badly.  P/S: I would not mind to agree with the Union to pay 30% more IF they allow to fire teachers for misconduct. Zero chances they will agree to that."
Keep in mind there are some examples of combination medications that have improved outcomes. I'm thinking specifically of HIV meds, HEP C medications, and other combo meds for infectious disease.  Truvada for example. It's one pill. Emtricitibine and tenofovir. Taken alone emtricitibine and tenofovir have complex and tedious pill regimens (like most other HIV meds regimens) but for patients to be able to take one pill, once a day has made their compliance with the med regimen much better. Lower viral load, higher cd4 counts, and improved management of their HIV.   I'm not saying the absurd price hikes of these other meds are warranted. They're not. But when dealing with public health issues, and infectious disease in a population that has a difficult time being compliant with their meds, combo meds are worth the cost.
As deep as the next guy's i suppose. Just to be clear, i want to take most of the money away from the elite and use it to fund education, healthcare, and opportunities. End the drug war. Ya know, things that make logical sense.
The bank will consider total of both parties income for the loan qualification. Provided both parties will be listed on the mortgage.
I'm not a big fan of Lyft after noticing that they put a $15 hold on my card for each ride, sometimes for multiple days. I get that they need to guarantee their fare, but my rides are almost always &lt;$10, so the hold is... irritating.
"No, I didn't read the article (I never claimed to have), and no, I don't know the person's credentials (I never claimed I did). This thread seems to be directed towards hiring a music major as a security specialist, which is an irrelevant point to argue.  The point to argue is whether they are qualified, which has nothing to do with a degree if they've worked for more than a year. That was the entire point of my comment.  Tl;dr Her degree is irrelevant and everyone is attacking the scapegoat.  EDIT: I also realized I referred to her as ""he"", which was a typo."
"Other things equal is sometimes referred to as ""ceteris paribus"" - the scenario where you compare two currencies (or things) under the assumption that all other factors that could effect those currencies (earthquakes, revolutions, currency crises ect) are not ocurring. Its like using a control group in a lab. ""Real interest rates"" means the rate of that countries interest rate, accounting for inflation. ""Proportional to the strength of its home currency"" is referring to how countries with higher rates of interest tend to have stronger currencies (relative to other currencies) because foreign investment/capital will flood into the country seeking those higher rates of return - excess demand for the currency will cause it to appreciate. So this is also true in reverse, as capital will tend to leave a country will ultra-low interest rates."
Other than the two answers (both of which recommend waiting until marriage to actually combine finances, and which I agree with), there's the general question:  how does a couple choose to manage finances? In our marriage, it's me.  I'm more numbers-minded than my spousal-unit.  I'm also more a sticker for time.  I work and spousal-unit does not. We had some good friends -- upon marriage, spouse1 felt like he should take on the role.  He went on a several-week trip (leaving spouse2 at home), and upon returning home asked spouse2 about the late fees.  Spouse2 was appalled.  Spouse2 ended up keeping the job of managing household finances. There's enough pieces to the puzzle that it can be divided any way you choose -- any way that works for you and your spouse/virtual-spouse. One other point:  talk about how to manage your money, before you marry.  Dave Ramsey recommends a strict monthly budget.  I like listening to Dave Ramsey, but we've never had a budget.  Instead, we agreed during marriage counseling two things:
&gt;You were an unsecured creditor.  Yes, but his situation was more complicated than your run of the mill unsecured creditor.   He had a trading account. It may very well have been technically *structured*, for accounting purposes, as unsecured credit - but the reasonable assumption for the average person is that trading/deposit accounts are held in trust rather than as individual investments/grants which the company can use how it pleases with just the promise to pay you back later.   Now, granted, somebody with a Refco forex account should be sophisticated enough to understand the difference - but that doesn't change the fact that even such investors might normally just assume that their accounts are being sequestered. It would make the most sense.   It sounds to me like Refco's accountants, and everybody involved in the process, were thieving scumbags.
Sameer Thakar Anyone knows Sameer Thakar knows that he loves to engage his body as well as his mind. He is an active runner and tries to get out on the pavement as often as possible and get moving. He understands that exercise is the best way to relieve stress, improve mind, and keep in shape. In addition to that Sameer Thakar participates in a number of athletic activities, including cricket, tennis, and racquet ball. He is also an avid chess player, which is a great way to exercise the mind.
"Preferred dividends and common dividends are completely separate transactions.  There's not a single ""dividend"" payment that is split between preferred and common shares. Dividends on preferred shares are generally MUCH higher than common dividends, and are generally required by the terms of the preferred shares, again unlike common dividends, which are discretionary."

Not entirely true.  If the humidity is 100% but the temperature is lower than your body temperature, sweat will still evaporate since there will be enough energy to excite water molecules into a gas.  The excess will condense somewhere just likely not on you since you are warmer than the air.
&gt;Then we will have to agree to disagree.  The important thing is that we didn't give any solid advice to the original question :)  &gt;The social discount rate isn't about borrowing it is about funding projects that would return a higher rate. To simply say the discount rate is the same as the borrowing rate (which is dirt cheap right now) isn't wise because different projects offer better social value. Think of it as your opportunity cost.  I agree with you that there may be better projects. But I am implying that as long as those other projects' IRR are above the borrowing rate, they also should be undertook. Basically keep on borrowing and going down the pecking order until the borrowing rate meets the IRR of projects not started. What every that equilibrium is should be the discount rate.  And while someone may say that borrowing takes away from private investment (and they are right), it is in the best interest of the country to ignore that. The market for government securities is global; the state could be taking more from foreign private investment than domestic.  However, this does ignore the manipulation on the rate that goes on from forced lending from citizens. Social Security by law has no choice but to invest in government securities. I don't know, I think I'm just rambling now.
Website:https://www.hosesfittings.com || We have attained a valuable position in the industry by supplying an outstanding array of ISO Male 74 Degree Cone Jic Pipe Fittings. During production we only use modern machines and utmost-grade metal. To add to it, our quality analysts keep an eagle eye on the complete range at each and every stage of manufacturing to ensure its overall quality. These ISO Male 74 Degree Cone Jic Pipe Fittings are much appreciation for its dimensional accuracy and corrosion resistance nature. Shape: Equal Angle: 74 Degree Material: Carbon Steel Certification: DIN, JIS, GB Cartification: ISO Steel: 20# Steel Pressure: High Working Pressure Drawings: OEM or Lt Drawings Technic: Improving Technic by Engnieer Trademark: YH Hydraulic or custom-made print logo Origin: China Mainland Connection: Male Head Code: Hexagon Wall Thickness: Customs-Made Technics: Forged Color: Silver Name: High Quality Hydraulic Pipe Fittings Logo: Laser Print Delivery Time: 30 Days Engnieer: Professional Engnieer to Improve Inspection: More Than Three Inspection Specification: all size available HS Code: 73079300
There is no rule that says the dealer has to honor that deal, nor is there any that says he/she won't.  However, if you are thinking of financing through though the dealership they are likely to honor the deal. They PREFER you finance it. If you finance it through the dealer the salesman just got TWO sales (a car and a loan) and probably gets a commission on both. If you finance it through a third party it makes no difference to the dealer, it is still a cash deal to them because even though you pay off the car loan over years, the bank pays them immediately in full.
"You can find lots of answers to this question by googling.  I found at least five pages about this in 30 seconds. Most of these pages seem to say that if you must convert cash, converting it in the destination country is probably better, because you are essentially buying a product (in this case, dollars), and it will cheaper where the supply is greater.  There are more dollars in the USA than there are in Portugal, so you may be able to get them cheaper there.  (Some of those pages mention caveats if you're trying to exchange some little-known currency, which people might not accept, but this isn't an issue if you're converting euros.) Some of those pages specifically recommend against airport currency exchanges; since they have a ""captive audience"" of people who want to convert money right away, they face less competition and may offer worse rates.  Of course, the downside of doing the exchange in the USA is that you'll be less familiar with where to do it.  I did find some people saying that, for this reason, it's better to do it in your own country where you can shop around at leisure to find the best rate.  That said, if you take your time shopping around, shifts in the underlying exchange rate in the interim could erase any savings you find. It's worth noting, though, that the main message from all these pages is the same: don't exchange cash at all if you can possibly avoid it.  Use a credit card or ATM card to do the exchange.  The exchange rate is usually better, and you also avoid the risks associated with carrying cash."
"Perhaps mysterious in the sense that any dubious story involving a powerful and influential firm will not have their name actually mentioned?  I've often found when American media runs a story like this, with no details, I can go look at London's Financial Times and they will name-names.  For example CNBC or CNN might run a story ""top wall street firms fined"" and not name the actual firms.  You have to look at non-American media to get actual names."
Idk if equating fiscal policy to direct changes in debt is the greatest idea. Yes if you buy one more F-35 your debt will increase by $160 million. However it's more complicated when discussing decreased debt, as for the direct cause.
"There were some immigrants,but they were not allowed because they were not ""white people""  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_v._Bhagat_Singh_Thind  England was a bigger magnet for Indians due to colonial history. The first mass immigration from India to US was during the 1970s when doctors and nurses were allowed due to a shortage during the Vietnam war. Still, it was very expensive and not many other jobs were available for us.  Computers and the Y2K scare in the 1990s actually became a boon since any warm body (at that time) could be trained to scroll through COBOL code and make changes, and ""onsite"" presence was required. Most of my classmates went to US to study and/or work in IT. The goal in my company is to ""go onsite"""
"so, in your view, the Democrats rely on illegal aliens to vote them into office?  i agree that our current system seems really crazy on multiple levels  holy crap.  i just realized, you might be working for one of those groups whose intent it is to change public opinion via talking in forums online.  even though you misspelled ""doners"""
Citizens of Reddit, why must we care about workers making $9/hr when you own [electronics made by workers in Foxconn earning $1.87/hr](http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/10/01/us-foxconn-idUSTRE6902GD20101001)   Maybe some of you fail to see the point, would you pay more money for your computer, if it meant workers had a wage increase? Would you pay more money for your goods in walmart?  This may seem harsh and some of you may be in denial, but the fact is the american people have spoken with our wallets not our hearts. This post is in /r/business where we know profit margin is the key to successful company
Yeah . .We can see that we can hit what we fire, but can we hit what the enemy fires?  Two missile over Japan and nothing, I don't see how siren blowing and alarms blaring and people running for cover as an unidentified missile flies overhead does not constituent a threat.  Conclusion: Trumps speech was Panic and bravado and bluff, it seems the US and its allies have been living under a false sense of security . . .there is no missile shield
&gt; Instead they focused on bottom line, cut training, and pissed off the community by abusing employees and being rude and useless to anyone walking in the door. &gt;   1. OH NO, they do NOT cut training, not by a long shot. People seem to think they (past employee) are the 'worst tech-selling company', they aren't, they're a decent electronic store. We are trained on sales and basic product knowledge. Except when as a cashier / customer support guy, I was trained oven installation. Twice actually because they needed it again. We get more training than we know what to do with (not really but most of it is bs so we don't care) and you can just click through the fuckers, and with common sense, pass tests. I build pc's and have maintained multiple business networks in my home-town, but couldn't work GS even after I passes all necessary training, because I couldn't sell as ons well enough. Like really, 100% I just couldn't (even though I left top of my dept.)  2. We sell, and we try to sell hard. People see it as annoying and pushy, same here.  3. We will not go down or byebye for a long time, because we did what Radio shack is doing wrong, cell phones. Best Buy mobile is insanly popular / profitable, and a whole lot of people love it. We shut down 100+ stores last year... we opened up 3 times the number of specialty mobile stores in the US / CA... A lot of those old stores were never profitable, almost every one of the new ones really is.   People just like to think BB is screwed, no, it's actually not. It has a market that doesn't really exist on reddit, the regular guy that wants some shit and someone to maybe fix his shit when his shit doesn't work. He doesn't need the best shit, the newest shit, or the special shit, he wants what his NEIGHBOR has and what he thinks he kinda gets. That middle America, Kentucky and Tennessee market you know? That is fucking huge, we just forget about em.
"The argument you are making here is similar to the problem I have with the stronger forms of the efficient market hypothesis.  That is if the market already has incorporated all of the information about the correct prices, then there's no reason to question any prices and then the prices never change.  However, the mechanism through which the market incorporates this information is via the actors buying an selling based on what they see as the market being incorrect. The most basic concept of this problem (I think) starts with the idea that every investor is passive and they simply buy the market as one basket.  So every paycheck, the index fund buys some more stock in the market in a completely static way.  This means the demand for each stock is the same.  No one is paying attention to the actual companies' performance so a poor performer's stock price never moves.  The same for the high performer.  The only thing moving prices is demand but that's always up at a more or less constant rate. This is a topic that has a lot of discussion lately in financial circles.  Here are two articles about this topic but I'm not convinced the author is completely serious hence the ""worst-case scenario"" title. These are interesting reads but again, take this with a grain of salt.  You should follow the links in the articles because they give a more nuanced understanding of each potential issue.  One thing that's important is that the reality is nothing like what I outline above. One of the links in these articles that is interesting is the one that talks about how we now have more indexes than stocks on the US markets.  The writer points to this as a problem in the first article, but think for a moment why that is.  There are many different types of strategies that active managers follow in how they determine what goes in a fund based on different stock metrics.  If a stocks P/E ratio drops below a critical level, for example, a number of indexes are going to sell it.  Some might buy it.  It's up to the investors (you and me) to pick which of these strategies we believe in. Another thing to consider is that active managers are losing their clients to the passive funds.  They have a vested interest in attacking passive management."
To some degree, it affects every organization that wants a foreign worker.  Is *that* why you don't get interviews? No. There are plenty if reasons, which are probably your résumé and cover letter, and/or how you present your skills and experience
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/07/strategist-tom-lee-weighs-sees-bitcoin-going-as-high-as-55000.html) reduced by 80%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The strategist&amp;#039;s case for bitcoin is a basic supply-and-demand story, similar to the argument other proponents of bitcoin use when playing up its future as &amp;quot;Digital gold.""  &gt; While the lack of regulation is what has attracted many buyers, many consider bitcoin the &amp;quot;Wild West.&amp;quot; Three years ago, Mt. Gox, the largest bitcoin exchange then, filed for bankruptcy and said it lost 750,000 of its users bitcoins and 100,000 of the exchange&amp;#039;s own.  &gt; Lee acknowledged bitcoin&amp;#039;s volatility in his report, noting that annualized bitcoin volatility is 75 percent, &amp;quot;Substantially higher than gold&amp;#039;s 10%. But as noted, gold&amp;#039;s volatility approached 90% from 1971 to 1980 as the U.S. abandoned the gold standard - hence, we expect this to improve over time.""   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6lved5/first_major_wall_street_strategist_weighs_in_on/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~161687 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **bitcoin**^#1 **Lee**^#2 **currency**^#3 **digital**^#4 **gold**^#5"
1. It is a human right to have children, even if you are not wealthy.  2. Don't cut education funding and then complain that poor people aren't informed enough to make rational decisions. There is no social contract where we have all agreed that humans become omnipotent in terms of their reasoning at a certain age. That is an excuse certain people make to exploit and abuse the ignorant. There is a word for it, a lot of belief systems use it: evil
You pointed out that HFT does not create ipods are mine minerals.  Neither does human trading. HFT is a proxy for human trading.  Although the computer is executing trades automatically based on an algorithm, it is still using money from a human being's account so the trading is still being done with someone's money. Fast execution of trades is desirable in exchanges.  Imagine two exchanges:  One only executes trades once a month, the other executes trades once a week.  Which exchange would be more desirable?  The exchange that trades once a week.  Why?  Because if I'm holding a stock that I would like to sell, I want to sell it now - not a month from now.  Same reason for buying.  This concept works all the way down to seconds and fractions of seconds. The issue with HFT, however, is there are cases where the market goes against the HFT algorithm and the algorithm continues to execute trades driving prices up or down by large amounts in the matter of minutes or even seconds. The exchange frequently cancels these trades which only encourages more aggressive HFT trading since HFT traders can have their losses cancelled.  This is a privilege that LFTs (low frequency traders) do not receive.  This is a valid criticism of HFTs. A short list of such cancelled trades: 8/26/2010: Nasdaq cancels trades of CORE stock 10/4/2010: Nasdaq cancels trades of CENX stock 10/15/2010: NYSE cancels trades of PAY stock 10/18/2010: NYSE cancels $500 million worth of SPY trades 5/18/2011: NYSE cancels 15,900 trades of BEE.PR.C 6/21/2011: Nasdaq cancels CNTY trades 12/2/2011: London Metals Exchange cancel trades of copper
I worked for AOL and saw it first hand. I couldn't believe what they got away with for so long. And of course if you complained you would be canned for under performing. Nothing really happened until they did it to the wrong person.. A judge tried to cancel his account and kept getting billed...
Don't order anything deep fried and stop getting a soda - makes most fast food reasonable aside from over-the-top stuff like the Burger King Mac-N-Cheetos.   Even a 7-11 hotdog makes a decent meal depending on your nutrition needs. Load it with jalapenos, onions, tomatoes and get an unsweetened drink. Lots of salt and the bun is full of carbs (toss it if you don't need the extra carbs in your diet), but it's my go-to on a hard 40 mile bike ride as I'm usually sweating a lot and need the quick energy.
"Most answers have concentrated on this being a scam, however, it is possible this is an innocent mistake. Australian bank account numbers do not have redundant digits to be used to validate an account number; all of the numbers are data and uniquely identify a bank and branch (the BSB number) and an account (the Account number). Computer check digits are not part of bank account numbers because bank account numbers pre-date computers. It is entirely possible that someone entering an incorrect number can, by chance, hit upon an existing account. As the bank clearance system in Australia is entirely automatic there is no cross-checking of account numbers with account names.  Internet banking in Australia is not a wire-transfer as is common in places like the USA (although these can be done): here you are effectively accessing your bank's ""back office"". Nor is it like the BPay service which  is used primarily by B to C businesses as a way for their customers to pay their bills; when using this service the biller code will show you who you are paying and the customer number does have check digit validation. I run a business in Australia and it has happened to us on several occasions than an employee or supplier has given us incorrect numbers. Usually, it is not a real account and after a week or so the money makes its way back to us with a message like NO ACCOUNT or A/C CLOSED.  Very occasionally, however, the wrong number hits a live account: when that happens the person who f*&ked up needs to contact their bank and try and get the transaction reversed. If there is money in the destination account this usually happens with little fuss, however, if the destination account has been closed or emptied things get problematic. Of course, taking money that isn't yours is stealing even if it happens to be sitting in your bank account. However, unless the sum involved is significant the police are usually not interested in diverting their attention away from ""serious"" crimes like homicide, armed robbery and terrorism so the aggrieved party is usually on their own. That said, this is probably a scam because they called you rather than your bank doing so. They cannot get your phone number from your account number: they have to know who you are and what your account number is. This is not as hard to do as it sounds since both your name and account number are prominently printed on your cheques and deposit books (possibly your phone number as well which saves them looking it up in the White Pages)."
"I can pretty much guarantee you that the vast majority of new small companies will NOT grow to have 50 workers (they probably won't even have 49 workers, or 48, or even 47).  Once they approach 40, other ""solutions"" -- even beyond the ""part time employees"" suggested by the author (a thing I would expect will be ""addressed"" by a change in the detailed regulations -- the Federal government will attempt to stop this obvious loophole by redefining what constitutes a ""full time employee"") -- MANY other solutions will be executed (dividing the company into two or three distinct entities with slightly different ownership {for example wife owns one location, husband another, etc}, plus the obvious expanded use of temp agencies, contract and/or subcontract workers, subbing work {especially generic administrative work} out to other firms, etc).  Any and all of those will probably cost far LESS than $40k a year (which is probably a woefully underestimated number)."
The main reasons are that investment are deducted from your gross income and earnings are not taxed until withdrawal. This applies to both traditional IRAs and 401Ks. Roth accounts have different rules but valuable benefits. My effective income tax rate is around 35%. This means that for every $1000 I earn in wage I only get to keep $650. Since my 401K contributions are deferred reductions from my income I can invest 35% more money into my 401K than I would be able to invest in a non-tax-advantaged account. Where I can invest $1000 into my 401K I would only be able to invest $650 into a non-advantaged account with the same wages. If I put $650 into an account yielding 10% then my one-year return on my income is $65 The 10% return on my $1000 is $100. Compared to what I would have been able to take home in the first place this makes my ROI $100/$650 = 15.3% Interest earned in non-advantaged accounts incurs taxes every year. Interest earned in advantaged accounts does not incur taxes until withdrawn. Compounding 10% annually for 20 years is significantly more than 6.5% compounded annually for 20 years. Imagine 10% on a 1000 investment with no additional cash flows over 20 year. The result is $6727, or 672%. Imagine your income tax rate does not reduce below 35%, your after-tax return is 4372, or %437 return. Now imagine you pay taxes every year on 10% take, so your take annually is only 6.5%... Now over 20 years you have $3523 (but you've already paid all taxes on this) and your return is %352 You have earned 24% more money because taxes were deferred until withdrawal! EDIT: Some tabular info for the commenters Your take home from the investment is $3752 because you have diligently paid your taxes every year on the earnings. Now, with the tax deferred until withdrawal! You then owe 35% tax on the withdrawal so you keep 7400 * .65 = $4810 $4810 versus $3750 means you have made an additional $1060, or 28%, from the compounding against tax-advantaged earnings. But Matthew! you say... Annual proceeds from your investments are not taxed at your income tax rate. This is true for now but the political winds are pushing this direction. However, even if you use a reduced rate in the first situation (let's say 30% instead of 35%, if you're a California resident) then the effect is $4140 rather than $3750. Less of a gain, but still a gain. In fact your capital-gains rate would have to be as low as 22% to even this difference out (versus a 35% income tax rate).... And remember that this assumes you're in the same bracket at retirement (which more people are not) You may also note that I used $1000 as the principle in both calculations. This was intentional to show the effects of compounding the taxable earnings alone. If you replace the taxable principle with $650 instead of $1000 then the effect is even more pronounced and only balanced out if your capital gains rate is actually zero!
You're welcome to disagree. Lol, and actually it'd be fairly easy to do an artificial markup on labor expense on a P&amp;L, then show you price increase necessary to maintain margin, assuming a constant volume increase year over year. I've done many similar exercises.   My family has a small business too, yay. They probably wouldn't hire outside help at $15 an hour. I've worked for minimum wage before for multiple years, it's not like I got some small loan for a million on birth.   Also, I'm referring to a blanket national minimum wage increase. It would wreck small companies in cheap areas if too high.
"Tax is often calculated per item.  Especially in the days of the internet, some items are taxable and some aren't, depending on the item and your nexus.  I would recommend calculating and storing tax with each item, to account for these subtle differences. EDIT: Not sure why this was downvoted, if you don't believe me, you can always check with Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_468512_calculated?nodeId=468512#calculated I think they know what they're talking about. FINAL UPDATE: Now, if someone goes to your site, and buys something from your business (in California) and the shipping address for the product is Nevada, then taxes do not have to be collected.  If they have a billing address in California, and a shipping address in Nevada, and the goods are shipping to Nevada, you do not have to declare tax. If you have a mixture of tangible (computer, mouse, keyboard) and intangible assets (warranty) in a cart, and the shipping address is in California, you charge tax on the tangible assets, but NOT on the intangible assets. Yes, you can charge tax on the whole order.  Yes for most businesses that's ""Good enough"", but I'm not trying to provide the ""good enough"" solution, I'm simply telling you how very large businesses run and operate.  As I've mentioned, I've done several tax integrations using software called Sabrix (Google if you've not heard of it), and have done those integrations for companies like the BBC and Corbis (owned and operated by Bill Gates). Take it or leave it, but the correct way to charge taxes, especially given the complex tax laws of the US and internationally, is to charge per item.  If you just need the ""good enough"" approach, feel free to calculate it by total. Some additional reading: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taxation_of_Digital_Goods Another possible federal limitation on Internet taxation is the United States Supreme Court case, Quill Corp. v. North Dakota, 504 U.S. 298 (1992),[6] which held that under the dormant commerce clause, goods purchased through mail order cannot be subject to a state’s sales tax unless the vendor has a substantial nexus with the state levying the tax.  In 1997, the federal government decided to limit taxation of Internet activity for a period of time. The Internet Tax Freedom Act (ITFA) prohibits taxes on Internet access, which is defined as a service that allows users access to content, information, email or other services offered over the Internet and may include access to proprietary content, information, and other services as part of a package offered to customers. The Act has exceptions for taxes levied before the statute was written and for sales taxes on online purchases of physical goods."
You read 'The E-Myth' now go ahead and read 'The E-Myth Revisited' but don't quit studies. Try to start a business while doing college,  you will figure out many more things with your start-up,  ups and downs both,  but with no degree in hand you would never have well-paying job in your chosen education stream (something to fall back on) even if the business doesn't succeed or you find that your motivation isn't there. Whatever you do give it your 100%, that way you wouldn't have to walk as loser.
"Scrap is a word which ordinarily implies any discarded or old material, for instance, steel, paper, or clean textures. It moreover portrays each not entirely obvious detail that may be seen as useless, futile, or outsider waste. As often as possible considered no a more prominent measure of usage, the thing is discarded and considered as plain piece. Be that as it may, that is slowly not the situation with rubbish cars accessible to be acquired. Some ""cast off"" cars could be yet regarded profitable of specific use magnificently. Scrap automobiles advance toward getting to be wellspring of best cash for Cars Tampa."
I'd be a bit concerned about someone who wanted to transact that large of a transaction in cash.  Also consider what you are going to do with the funds, if you deposit it, you will need to tell the bank where it comes from. Why does the bank want to know, because most legal businesses don't transact business with large sums of currency.. What does that tell you about the likelihood the person you are about to do business with is a criminal or involved in criminal affairs?  The lower bill of sale price might be more than just to dodge taxes, it could be part of money laundering..  If they can turn right around and 'sell' the boat for $10K, or trade it in on a bigger boat for the same amount, and have a bill than says $4K, then they have just come up with a legal explanation for how they made 6 grand.  and you could potentially be considered an accomplice if someone is checking up on their finances. Really, is it worth the risk.
For a non-technical investor (meaning someone who doesn't try to do all the various technical analysis things that theoretically point to specific investments or trends), having a diverse portfolio and rebalancing it periodically will typically be the best solution. For example, I might have a long-term-growth portfolio that is 40% broad stock market fund, 40% (large) industry specific market funds, and 20% bond funds.  If the market as a whole tanks, then I might end up in a situation where my funds are invested 30% market 35% industry 35% bonds.  Okay, sell those bonds (which are presumably high) and put that into the market (which is presumably low).  Now back to 40/40/20.   Then when the market goes up we may end up at 50/40/10, say, in which case we sell some of the broad market fund and buy some bond funds, back to 40/40/20.  Ultimately ending up always selling high (whatever is currently overperforming the other two) and buying low (whatever is underperforming).   Having the industry specific fund(s) means I can balance a bit between different sectors - maybe the healthcare industry takes a beating for a while, so that goes low, and I can sell some of my tech industry fund and buy that.   None of this depends on timing anything; you can rebalance maybe twice a year, not worrying about where the market is at that exact time, and definitely not targeting a correction specifically.  You just analyze your situation and adjust to make everything back in line with what you want. This isn't guaranteed to succeed (any more than any other strategy is), of course, and has some risk, particularly if you rebalance in the middle of a major correction (so you end up buying something that goes down more).  But for long-term investments, it should be fairly sound.
&gt;Your arguments aren't your own, and that's what proves you don't know what you're talking about.  I took up to International Macroeconomics and Finance at the Sam Walton School of Business.  &gt;Did you know that in the Middle East for example, they do not have this banking system?  Oh, right.  The banking system in Dubai, for instance, is the hot zone of International Money laundering by criminal syndicates ranging from the Russian Mafia to Dawood's Syndicate in India.  This is because it isn't regulated and nobody gives a fuck where the money comes from.  &gt;Why? Because you're gullible, and anything that seems establishment or widely accepted, that's what you go along with.  Blow me you smug, ignorant motherfucker.  I'm done giving you an Econ 101 lesson.  Maybe when you grow up you'll be ready to learn something.  &gt;Also, we did not abandon the gold standard at Bretton Woods. SERIOUSLY WTF.  Your reading comprehension sucks ass.  Nobody said that.
"While a lot of buzzwords are abused, many of them are also very useful. ""Synergy"" is one that buzzword haters love to pile onto, but it's a powerful concept - that if a car manufacturer and a tire manufacturer decided to work together, the efforts of each would reinforce the other's.   I'm sought for my writing, and my style is virtually never criticized. I use these words, though sparingly and in the proper context.   The idea of ""buzzword bingo"" is funny to indict the speaker as someone who uses so many empty buzzwords that you could use them to play bingo, but it doesn't invalidate the words themselves."
Work out on your own terms with fitness classes from JGFit! Cooler weather is coming, and with that brings crowded gyms, tight holiday schedules, and limited patience. It has been proven that exercise reduces stress; so stop the stress before it starts and call JGFit today.
"Yes it is possible, as long as the broker you use allows conditional orders. I use CMC Markets in Australia, and they allow free conditional orders either when initially placing a buy order or after already buying a stock. See the Place New Order box below:  Once you have selected a stock to buy, the number of shares you want to buy and at what price you can place up to 3 conditional orders. The first condition is a ""Place order if..."" conditional order. Here you can place a condition that your buy order will only be placed onto the market if that condition is met first.  Say the stock last traded at $9.80 and you only want to place your order the next day if the stock price moves above the current resistance at $10.00. So you would Place order if Price is at or above $10.00. So if the next day the price moves up to $10 or above your order will be placed onto the market. The second condition is a ""Stop loss"" conditional order. Here you place the price you want to sell at if the price drops to or past your stop loss price. It will only be placed on to the market if your buy order gets traded. So if you wanted to place your stop loss at $9.00, you would type in 9.00 in the box after ""If at or below ?"" and select if you want a limit or market order. The third condition is a ""Take profit"" conditional order. This allows you to take profits if the stock reaches a certain price. Say you wanted to take profits at 50%, that is if the price reached $15.00. So you would type in 15.00 in the box after ""If at or above ?"" and again select if you want a limit or market order. These conditional orders can all be placed at the time you enter your buy order and can be edited or deleted at any time. The broker you use may have a different process for entering conditional orders, and some brokers may have many more conditional orders than these three, so investigate what is out there and if you are confused in how to use the orders with your broker, simply ask them for a demonstration in how to use them."
Online Live Casino at gd2one is the following level of online club amusements. Live Casino is such a prominent decision for players of all levels and experience, that we are persistently adding new amusement tables to our effectively vast assortment at the malaysia live casino campaign. There's a great amusement for each inclination. Look over Live Roulette, Live Blackjack, Live Baccarat, Casino Hold'em, Three Card Poker and Caribbean Stud Poker.
You have paid the vendor (school?), etc, $75.75 too much, for whatever reason. They can send you back this money, or it can apply against a future bill.  This is common when I pay my credit card in full, but also have a store return. The bill can show a credit, but it will quickly get used up by new purchases.
Try looking at Transferwise. They have low fees and often beat the banks. They (broadly speaking) work by finding people who need to convert money the other way round and then just push money around in the respective local currency.
The average CIO I've encountered is technically incompetent to the point of not being capable of even self sufficiency with e-mail. They have never worked a day in IT in their life. They are generally an accountant or something and slashing budgets is all they know. IT is a cost centre, blah, blah, blah. They do this without being able to understand the significance of their decisions. They get their opinions from Forrester or Gartner reports they barely understand and which are often echo chambers of what other non-IT CIOs are doing, a.k.a. market trends. Add a sprinkle of whatever turds some smooth talking salesman can throw over the wall. They get bonuses for racking up technical debt under the guise of saving money. Support costs eat the savings and then some, which gets hidden under a mountain of bad bookkeeping and robbing Peter to pay Paul. An army of non-technical project managers spring up under them because of the mistaken belief that non-it people should run IT projects.  Costs rise, morale sinks, tech debt skyrockets. People who could provide significant competitive advantage instead spend their days and nights lashing increasingly fragile infrastructures together with duct tape and bailing wire. The solution is obviously labour intensive management frameworks where IT people are made to generate mountains of processes that will amount to nothing when management and the business fail to follow through on their part of the commitment, in the complete absence of any accountability. After they fuck up any advantage to in house IT then it's time to outsource to achieve big savings... for one year, then prices go up, but they already cashed that bonus check. When they've irrevocably screwed up one company then they move on to a better position, to make a bigger mess. Lather, rinse, repeat.  At least I'm not bitter.
Two weeks ago I used Megabus to get from Central PA to NYC (4 hour trip).  It's cheaper, less stressful, and the WIFI did work most of the trip there and back.  It was slow at times, but good enough to get some work done &amp; surf reddit.
In Canada you get parental leave. 15 weeks for the mother ( to prepare &amp; recover from birth ) and then 35 weeks that can be split between the parents at their discretion at 55% of pay. When the parental leave is done the employer is required to bring the parent back at full salary &amp; benefits
I think you are a little confused. If you have 10.000€ in cash for a car, but you decide instead to invest that money and take out a loan for the car at 2,75% interest, you would have to withdraw/sell 178€ each month from your investment to make your loan payment. If you made exactly 2,75% on your investment, you would be left with 0€ in your investment when the loan was paid off.  If your investment did better than 2,75%, you would come out ahead, and if your investment did worse than 2,75%, you would have lost money on your decision. Having said all that, I don't recommend borrowing money to buy a car, especially if you have that amount of cash set aside for the car.  Here are some of the reasons: Sometimes people feel better about spending large amounts of money if they can pay it off over time, rather than spending it all at once.  They tell themselves that they will come out ahead with their investments, or they will be earning more later, or some other story to make themselves feel better about overspending.  If getting the loan is allowing you to spend more money on a car than you would spend if you were paying cash, then you will not come out ahead by investing; you would be better off to spend a smaller amount of money now. I don't know where you are in the world, but where I come from, you cannot get a guaranteed investment that pays 2,75%.  So there will be risk involved; if the next year is a bad one for your investment, then your investment losses combined with your withdrawals for your car payments could empty your investment before the car is paid off.  Conversely, by skipping the 2,75% loan and paying cash for your car, you have essentially made a guaranteed 2,75% on this money, comparatively speaking. I don't know what the going rate is for car loans where you are, but often car dealers will give you a low loan rate in exchange for a higher sales price.  As a result, you might think that you can easily invest and beat the loan rate, but it is a false comparison because you overpaid for the car.
The calculations you suggest have some issues, but I think they are not necessary to answer the question: It sounds like you are buying the house either way. So the question really is simply whether to pay toward your house first or your loan first.  In that case, the answer is simple: pay whichever has the highest interest rate first.  Make the minimum payment on the other until the first is paid off.  Remember this and make it your mantra for the rest of your life.  If you have any debts (such as credit cards) that charge a rate higher than the two options you have presented, do them first. Now, be careful as you compute the interest rates.  Most likely you can deduct interest on your mortgage, so its effective interest rate is lower [it is (1-T)*R instead of R, where T is your marginal tax rate]. For a while, the cost of mortgage insurance will make your effective mortgage rate artificially high, but it sounds like you intend to get to that 20% hurdle pretty fast, so my guess is that this is not a big factor. Congratulations on your bonus and good luck with your new home.
Hear that cackling off in the distance?  That's Delta laughing their asses off and eating AA's lunch. Delta's not a demonstrably superior airline, normally, but they now have more destinations, fewer delayed/cancelled flights, and, uh, none of the cluster**** issues AA is dealing with now.  I'm a platinum business traveler, and Delta matched my status and then some to steal me away a while back. Pretty much the same story with all the other frequent biz travelers I know.
They have these in Utah as well. I see 90% of people skipping them an going to the workers at the counter. I tried several times to order form these, half the food wasn't on the list, and you couldn't customize it.
"I doubt it. In the States you would only owe tax if you sold such an item at a profit. ""garage sales"" aren't taxable as they are nearly always common household items and sale is  more about clearing out one's attic/garage than about profit. Keep in mind, if I pay for a book, and immediately sell it for the same price, there's no tax due, why would tax be due if I sell for a loss?"
Fuck managerial accounting to death. Anywho, I'm not sure what they mean by the variance being higher or lower in the budget. Variance in principle is the discrepancy from a budget and actual.   I'll try to answer this from what I can see.    The budget variance in this problem is unfavorable for Busy Community Support, mostly caused by a significant underestimating of your salaries expense in the budget.
Like in the US, more flexibility is extended to hidden orders. Australia has taken an aggressive approach to hidden orders in the direction of lower ticks. Aussies have a rich financial that evolved differently than the Dutch custom more familiarly known in the UK and US. They, like Chicago evolved out of commodities trade rather than trade.  When commodities are worth nearly nothing per unit, larger precision comes naturally. For the Dutch, it was the opposite.  A single ship would trade in 1/64 share or for the largest vessels, 1/128 share.  Here, there's no point to high precision.  New York, founded by the Dutch specialized in logistics just the same.   To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail, so both Chicago, Australia, and other financial systems built by commodities rather than trade have extended the higher precision logic to everything else, and pricing is fantastic. It should not be a surprise why Australia has taken a lead in pushing infinite precision.
There are several reasons why this may happen and I will update as I get more information from you. Volumes on that stock look low (supposing that they are either in a factor between 1s and 1000s) so it could well be that there was no volume on that day. If no trades occur then open, high and low are meaningless as they are statistics based on trades that occur that day and no trades occur. Remember that there has to be volume to get a price. The stock may have been frozen by either the exchange or the company for the day. This could be for various reasons including to prevent some illegal activity. In that case no trades were made because the market for that stock was closed. Another possibility is that all trades that day were cancelled by the exchange. The exchange may cancel all trades if there is unusual, potentially fraudulent or other illegal activity on the stock. In this case the last price for that day existed but was rolled back by the exchange and never occurred. This is a rare situation. Although I can't find any holidays on that date it is possible that this is how your data provider marks market holidays. It would be valid to ignore the data in that case as being from a non-market day. I cannot tell if this is possible without knowing exchange information. There is a possibility that some data providers don't receive data for a day or that it gets corrupted. It may be worth checking another source to ensure the integrity of the data that you are receiving. Whichever reason is true, the data provider has made the close equal to the previous day's close as no price movements occurred. Strictly the closing price is the price of the last trade made for that day and so should be null (and open, high and low should be null too and not 0 otherwise the price change on day is very large!). Therefore, to keep integrity, you have a few choices:
&gt; How do you feel about those English majors in community college?    If it is free, or very cheap then it can be really great for those that love learning.        Nothing wrong with majoring in English at community college, no different from spending time learning about Fantasy Football, or going to history re-enactments.      Just don't kid yourself it will make you more employable.  It is a hobby, and just as valuable as any other hobby.
I only see Boston working outside of the city. But in that case Los Angeles would include Orange County and cities like Irvine.  It really depends on what they're looking for. Proximity away from current HQ. Proximity to Customers. Infrastructure for internet, driverless cars or drones. Workforce. Etc.  Without knowing their priorities we can only guess based on what we assume they need and want.
"I find it hard to believe that cities like NYC or DC lack the regulation needed to ""stop"" service refusals. I've been turned down multiple times in DC based on location (DC to Arlington usually but not exclusively). The locals actually had a habit of not disclosing where they were going until they got inside the cab because the cabs so often refuse to serve certain areas.  That's not a problem with Lyft. The driver sees the destination requested right there and can choose to pickup. Even if they actually wanted to refuse service for a customer, the customer has the ability to rate them which can lower their rating below the 4.5-4.75/ out of 5 rating needed to continue driving and will be completely refunded and taken care of by Lyft if a complaint is sent."
"Sounds fishy. If you're not sure what the job is, that's always a big red flag. The rep from the company should always provide a clear, bullshit-free job description.  ""basically a sales job"" = red flag for ""mindless labor camp that they just need warm bodies for""  'opportunity to ""make a lot of money""' = red flag for **not** an opportunity to make a lot of money"
"In economics, the term ""middle class"" refers to the middle 50% of incomes, excluding the bottom 25% and top 25%.   The bottom edge of middle class is currently a household income of $22,500 per year in the US.  That's poor.   Middle class and poverty are not mutually exclusive.  They used to be, but they aren't anymore.   Also, quoting a source talking about extreme poverty, and absolute poverty in a discussion of poverty implies you don't understand the difference.    Stop pretending that just because a bunch of people in china now aren't starving to death the world's economies are ok.  They aren't.  They're broken, and getting more so all the time.  Our rapid technological progress has masked the effects, but economic collapse is becoming more widespread, and change will be needed to eliminate the problem.  If you need an example of what's fundamentally wrong, look at Greece.  Nobody has a plan to fix their economic trouble.  They just keep kicking the can forward hoping the problem will go away as it worsens."
In today's low interest environment capital is cheap and relatively easy to come by. If a business has an idea for expansion it should be easy enough to get a business loan and have enough ROI that the interest is not a huge cost.   There are many more ways to pay for business growth than cutting taxes
Actually, bond prices are technically high right now, so if and when rates theoretically go up in the future, bond prices will fall. The past 25 years for bonds have been great with falling interest rates, but it's not likely going to continue with rates not able to go any lower.
This is probably exactly how this type of thing developed in the first place!   It's a relatively recent (last 30-40 years) accounting concept and was only really developed because, like you said, someone somewhere said, wait a minute let's break this down economically. Also, the larger the company, and more divisions, more parts, more countries, varying tax codes, etc. the exponentially more complex this stuff gets.  One example that comes to mind: Verizon's back haul division operates at a huge loss because they charge so little to the cell division for line usage. The cell division makes 100% of the companies profits (although Vonage is technically a 40% minority shareholder which really complicates things) because it's costs are so low. If Verizon spun off the back haul division; however, the cell division would make a lot less.   Most likely Verizon wants to lose money on back haul operations as it gives them political leverage (pipes are full, we need subsidies). Just thought you might find it interesting!
No they invest in growth so immensely that they eat up all their profits. When you hear about Amazon buying their own planes and starting their own delivery and drones and buying Whole Foods, etc. All of those things cost money. Money that Amazon is making. But they are spending almost all of it. Therefore showing little profit. For years investors didn’t understand Bezos style and they expected earlier returns and year after year he didn’t deliver But year after year the company grew and so did its revenue. Not a ton has changed although they are more profitable today for sure.
As a lifetime car/driving/racing enthusiast:  The modern driving experience is such shit. Traffic is terrible everywhere you go. There is constant road construction. Our crumbling infrastructure ruins suspensions once you actually manage to break out of traffic and build some speed. For pleasure cruising you get beat to death and tar/paint/road debris ruin your cars finish.  Assuming you find a nice stretch of pavement that has been maintained since the Eisenhower administration with no traffic, there are overly aggressive speed cameras in place, or some dickhead with a badge out to make a quota.  I got a speeding ticket last year for 3 over. 3 fucking MPH over, and it cost me almost $200.  TL;DR: Cars are awesome. Driving anymore is no fun.
No, it isn't. The idea that you need a college degree for most professions is ludicrous. Despite having years of professional experience in a field, employers require costly degrees that possess little relevance to the skills required to perform the job.  Specialized, scientific oriented, degrees are reasonable for very specific fields. But degrees should not be used as a bar to entry or advancement by employers as it is now.
If the time horizon is 5 years, I don't think that playing games with Roth IRAs or investments is really productive. I'd look at an online savings account as a holding place for this money. EDIT:  Another option is the US is Savings Bonds. The rates earned right now are poor (as of 04/2011 EE bonds earn 0.6% and I bonds yielded 0.37%), and there is an interest penalty if you redeem them in less than five years. But, they are not state taxable, and you can defer tax payments until you cash them.
I love working for a CU.  Our CRO revels in articles like this.   He will post them and tell us this is why we do what we do.  We would rather be financial physicians.   Our job is heal financial worries and get people on the right path.  I have seen our lenders convince folks to not take a loan best that is truly in their best interest.  I have seen our investment group tell folks that their investment goals and personal goal don't line up and honestly they should wait. We also do crazy stuff like identifying folks who live in the flood zones and offer them 90 day loan deferment with no fees.  That and a care loan for repairs.  It's an insanely low interest loan (2%)  to help folks get their repairs done.    We also lowered our credit requirements for that to where just about every who needs it qualifies.    It's also hard to get fired.  If you don't hit your sales goal it's ok.  You will not lose your job.  Yes we are encouraged to meet our goals with incentives but we pretty much get paid something no matter what you do.    Pretty much the only way to get fired is to pull a Wells Fargo.  If you do something like that your ass is not only fired, the CRO will personally come down and will kick you out the door.  Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if if he then tied you to his car and dragged you down the street.    And you know what, it's working.  We are repeatedly breaking every record we set for ourselves.  Record loans, record deposits, record account openings.  And you better believe that is heavily audit internally and externally.   We actually hire auditors to make sure this crap doesn't even start.    TLDR; Wells Fargo is the devil.   Credit Unions Rule!!!!!
The best thing to do is not worry about what time is best to buy but put in a conditional order before the market opens. If your conditions are met during the trading day your order will go through and you will buy the shares. This keeps your emotions out of your trading and will stop you from either chasing the market or buying when you consider the wrong time. As you have already done your analysis and made your decision before market open, thus you should place your conditional orders and stop losses before market opens as well.
If I was bank, I certainly wouldn't give a **30 year** mortgage to a **57 year old** with a property which is worth less than the mortgage!  And I don't see why a bank should.  I get that it sucks for him to have a 6.35% interest mortgage, but that situation sucks for the bank as well.  I wouldn't offer a lower interest to someone in that sort of situation.
I would bet that Uber is bought out or goes public before it fails (failing is the only scenario in which Kalanick gets nothing). They're not going to turn a profit anytime soon which means there will be pressure to return value to investors and there will be a need to raise additional capital somehow. Kalanick is going to have an opportunity to cash out billions when that happens.
What sort of occasion do you need flowers for? If you are someone that wants to be absolutely certain that you’re staying ahead of celebrations and other events, then you want to take a look at Flower Delivery Calgary from All Flowers and Gifts. Check us out today learn more about the options that we are making available for you.  #Calgary #Flower #Delivery #Florists #Shops
What are the misconceptions?  And why do you feel the hate is undeserved?  From what I've seen, most people have a pretty accurate impression of what these places are trying to do.  It's a business that tries to skirt the edges of gambling laws while still letting people feel like they're gambling.  Which pisses people off on two fronts - it brings gambling to places they don't think it should be, and it's a often a transparent attempt to get around following the rules.  Both of which are pretty reasonable things to be annoyed by.
My concern is that just moving the balance will make you feel like you've accomplished something, when you really haven't.  Sure you'll save on interest but that just reduces the rate at which you're bleeding and doesn't heal the wound.  It's entirely likely that you'll feel freed by the reduced balance on the original card, ignore the transferred balance since you aren't paying any interest on it, and soon you'll have two cards that are maxed out. I would instead look at getting your expenses under control. Make sure you have the start of an emergency fund - 1-2k depending on your family situation. If you are single start with 1k; if you have kids bump it up to 2k or maybe a little more just to avoid charging any expenses. Get on a written budget, and don't spend any money in the next month that is not accounted for.  Then you can figure out how much you can afford to put towards the credit card.  That will also tell you how much interest you're going to pay.   The only way I would recommend the balance transfer is if the interest savings (after the balance transfer fee) reduced the time it takes to pay off the card by two or more months (since one month isn't going to make a big difference interest-wise), and you immediately cancelled the original card, and cut up both cards (including the new one), making payments by mail or online.  Other than that, the interest saved after the balance transfer fee probably isn't worth the risk of being in a worse situation on the other side.
Yes!  This has bothered me for years because it's really obvious on the level of small businesses.  Any material/service cost goes up- ugh fine I guess we have to pay to stay in business.....          Can't find anyone to break their backs for $9/hr?  They'll do literally anything rather than pay more.  They will fuck up their business for years trying to find a way to pay the same labor costs.
The problem,I imagine, is finding humane people who want to kill 1,000 turkeys an hour.  I'm sure some laborers abuse heads of lettuce but it doesn't make the news.  Personally I think the only answer is to eat a lot less meat.
Nope sorry guest you are wrong.  how can salary and an expense be on the same side of the ledger? Salary                    2000 Personal bank      2000  Phone expenses       30 Personal bank             30
Beth Schiffer‘s labs offers geclee prints in NYC with the best results. Using state-of-the-art technology like the highest caliber technical operation, equipment and support personnel, we ensure high quality prints. You can choose from a wide range of formats and printing styles. We offer highly affordable geclee printing in NYC. Get the best fine arts pigment prints and finishing for all kinds of photographic printing needs.
&gt; And for a brand new company, you can sure as shit guarantee that as an owner, you'll be held personally liable.  You are personally liable for any debt you personally sign off on yes. But you are not personally responsible for more than that debt. So if you take a 30 thousand dollar loan to start your business, your company hasn't been profitable and lost 20 thousand and your employees sue the company for 25 thousand. The company has 10 thousand to pay that with. The owner is still liable to pay the lender the 30 thousand, but has no obligation to the employees of the 25 thousand they are suing for.
The article links to William Bernstein’s plan that he outlined for Business Insider, which says: Modelling this investment strategy Picking three funds from Google and running some numbers. The international stock index only goes back to April 29th 1996, so a run of 21 years was modelled.  Based on 15% of a salary of $550 per month with various annual raises: Broadly speaking, this investment doubles the value of the contributions over two decades. Note:  Rebalancing fees are not included in the simulation. Below is the code used to run the simulation.  If you have Mathematica you can try with different funds.    Notice above how the bond index (VBMFX) preserves value during the 2008 crash.  This illustrates the rationale for diversifying across different fund types.
It doesn't matter if he is Russian....  Putin is not trying to be a Stalin.  The west has been holding Russia back since the days of the Czars, Russia will never conform to the ways of the west so this angers the Western trading blocs like the EU, America, Japan now etc....  Putin is not a dictator when he has more support from his people than Obama does of his.  What Obama does have is the support of the rich however, which Putin does not.  The sanctions being placed on Russia are targeted to effect the richest Russians with hopes they will overthrow Putin themselves.  They are losing more money with every sanction placed, where the lower class Russians do not feel the sting of the sanctions as much as the rich so they continue to support their President.  the USA seems more like a dictatorship these days than does Russia.  Our government has gone to a Monarchial system lately where Congress is being bypassed completely simply because the President wants to take action.  Our government cannot get anything done, so corporations that were founded in the USA are leaving at an astounding rate to save money on taxes..  Putin does not feel that Russia is the only country in the world when he does a huge deal with China and Iran.  Obviously he knows that he has to have allies and since the West has alienated Russia thoughout history, they have to turn to China.  Also you have the BRICS bank, which will be a huge hit to the Western superiority that has existed for centuries.  I don't care if he is Russian, Putin's actions contradict what he is saying.  He is only alienating the traditional western powers while aggressively working with BRICS countries, Iran and many others.
The prices seem very low even considering the risk? The prices are low because of the risk. Nothing happens to the banks if the sovereign defaults. However, the sovereign debt holders - lose some or all the money they lent to that sovereign. Incidentally, many banks invest in the treasury bonds of various countries, especially those they're located in. They also invest in other companies that rely on the government, or the currency. If that dependency is too high - the bank may fail. If the dependency is not high, or non-existent - the bank will survive. If the bank fails - yes, your shares will be wiped out, that's what happens with bankrupt companies. If you considering investing in banks in a country that you think may default - research them and see how much investments they have that will be affected by that default.
The overall % decrease in imports won't be enormous but that ignores the nature of food as a tradeable good. Food behaves as a fungible good in the short term (1-2 years). There is a minimum time needed for maturation of crops and livestock. There's also very little slack in the supply chain, adding significant ramp-up/construction time.   Russia's partners can't just snap their fingers and produce 10-20% more food, they'll likely export a larger amount of their domestic production and make up the gap with the excess supply from the EU and US markets. If Putin can keep things together through this interim period of scarcity and inflation then he'll be fine but it won't be smooth sailing.
The issue for you seems to be the sequence of events. Presumably, there will be a gain in the fund. In one year, you have a fund worth $100,000 and the $8500 your netted from the $10,000 dividend. (Dividends are taxed at 15% for most of us. If your taxable income is under $38K single, it's $0) An $8500 net return for the year. Now, if there were no initial dividend, and at the end of a full year, your $100K grew to $110K, and then gave you the $10K dividend, you might not be so unhappy. Even on day 2, you now have a fund worth $90K with a basis of $100K, and the promise of future dividends or cap gains. When you sell, the first $10K of gain from this point will effectively be tax free due to this quick drop.  To directly answer the last few sentences, dividends and cap gains are different. And different still, for the way a fund processes them.
"There's a very important sentence in that article:   &gt; "" Forstall is abrasive and disliked by a number of others at his level inside Apple — people like head designer Jony Ive, who allegedly refused to take meetings in the same room as him.""  Jon Ive is a very important person at Apple:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan_Ive  &gt; ""He is the lead designer of many of Apple's products, including the MacBook Pro, iMac, MacBook Air, iPod, iPod touch, iPhone, iPad and iPad mini"""
Your friend is investing time & money in a business that does not list an address or phone number on its website, not even in its 'press kit'. Even when they make a press release about moving into a new building, it does not list the address or even the street! C'mon, this is obviously a scam.  No real business acts like this.
From your comment: My salary through 7/31 could pass for an annual salary for the   industry. I suppose that’s relevant? That information would certainly be relevant if you were the owner since the beginning of the year. If that were the case then I would say you'd be fine skipping the salary for the rest of the year. It would be equivalent to simply front-loading your salary. However, since you didn't own any part of the company during the time you received the salary, I believe you should think of that salary as if it came from an entirely different company. This means that during the 5 months you owned the company you will have taken $0 in salary, and I believe that would not be reasonable if this job is your main source of income. As a side note, regarding this statement you made: During this time, I'd like to avoid the employer half of FICA taxes incurred by paying myself through payroll. You'd actually be avoiding both the employer and employee portion of FICA, since both sides of FICA are paid for employee compensation. FICA is not paid by either side on company profits.
The very first time I bought a new car I wrote out a personal check for $5000 (this was a looong time ago!).  And got a call from the sales person that he had called the bank and was told that I did not have that much money in my checking account!  I explained that I had just that day transferred money from savings to checking.  The sales person accepted that and there was never a problem after that.
They didn't have more **going into** the war. I would be really surprised if they didn't have more relatively short term debt as they were **in the midst of a global freaking conflict**, man.  Well I'll be damned, we both want the same thing. I just don't want to open the unlimited money taps without carefully considering how long we can leave them open  Edit: If you're deciding whether or not to spend a crap ton of money you don't have, it helps if you haven't already spent a crap ton of money you don't have
"The short answer is ""No"". There a 2 ways to get cash from a life insurance policy.  If the policy has cash value greater than the surrender value, then the difference can be borrowed, but will generally increase premiums in the future.   The other method, available on many term policies allows the owner to receive part of the death benefit if the insured has a physician willing to certify that he/she will probably pass away within a 12 month period.  Several carriers also offer cash benefits for critical care."
My spouse and I have our non-retirement savings in the following mental categories while house shopping: You will absolutely need 1.  I highly recommend 4 & 2.  3 is a personal choice.
When corporations have as much impact and power over our lives as a government should we really just let them walk over our civil rights? If I can't get a credit card because of my political ideology how am I supposed to function? How am I supposed to build credit, get a lot an, or buy a house? At what point do I have to give up my life, liberty, and pursuit of happyness because a private corporation has effectively banished me from society? Governments shouldn't be able to oppress and neither should corporations.
You are right about the stock and index funds, with dollar cost averaging over several years, the daily price of the security (especially a dividend paying security) will not matter* because your position will have accumulated larger over several entry points, some entries with cheaper shares and some entries with more expensive shares. In the future your position will be so large that any uptick will net you large gains on your original equity. *not matter being a reference to even extreme forms of volatility. But if you had all your equity in a poor company and tanked, never to rise again, then you would still be in a losing position even with dollar cost averaging. If your only other holdings are bonds, then you MAY want to sell those to free up capital.
You’ve really got three or four questions going here… and it’s clear that a gap in understanding one component of how bonds work (pricing) is having a ripple effect across the other facets of your question. The reality is that everybody’s answers so far touch on various pieces of your general question, but maybe I can help by integrating. So, let’s start by nailing down what your actual questions are:  1. Why do mortgage rates (tend to) increase when the published treasury bond rate increases? I’m going to come back to this, because it requires a lot of building blocks. 2. What’s the math behind a bond yield increasing (price falling?)  This gets complicated, fast. Especially when you start talking about selling the bond in the middle of its time period. Many people that trade in bonds use financial calculators, Excel, or pre-calculated tables to simplify or even just approximate the value of a bond. But here’s a simple example that shows the math.  Let’s say we’ve got a bond that is issued by… Dell for $10,000. The company will pay it back in 5 years, and it is offering an 8% rate. Interest payments will only be paid annually. Remember that the amount Dell has promised to pay in interest is fixed for the life of the bond, and is called the ‘coupon’ rate. We can think about the way the payouts will be paid in the following table:   As I’m sure you know, the value of a bond (its yield) comes from two sources: the interest payments, and the return of the principal. But, if you as an investor paid $14,000 for this bond, you would usually be wrong. You need to ‘discount’ those amounts to take into account the ‘time value of money’. This is why when you are dealing in bonds it is important to know the ‘coupon rate’ (what is Dell paying each period?). But it is also important to know your sellers’/buyers’ own personal discount rates. This will vary from person to person and institution to institution, but it is what actually sets the PRICE you would buy this bond for.  There are three general cases for the discount rate (or the MARKET rate). First, where the market rate == the coupon rate. This is known as “par” in bond parlance. Second, where the market rate < the coupon rate. This is known as “premium” in bond parlance. Third, where the market rate > coupon rate. This is known as a ‘discount’ bond.  But before we get into those in too much depth, how does discounting work? The idea behind discounting is that you need to account for the idea that a dollar today is not worth the same as a dollar tomorrow. (It’s usually worth ‘more’ tomorrow.) You discount a lump sum, like the return of the principal, differently than you do a series of equal cash flows, like the stream of $800 interest payments. The formula for discounting a lump sum is:  Present Value=Future Value* (1/(1+interest rate))^((# of periods)) The formula for discounting a stream of equal payments is:  Present Value=(Single Payment)* (〖1-(1+i)〗^((-n))/i) (i = interest rate and n = number of periods) **cite investopedia So let’s look at how this would look in pricing the pretend Dell bond as a par bond. First, we discount the return of the $10,000 principal as (10,000 * (1 / 1.08)^5). That equals $6,807.82.  Next we discount the 5 equal payments of $800 as (800* (3.9902)). I just plugged and chugged but you can do that yourself. That equals $3,192.18. You may get slightly different numbers with rounding.  So you add the two together, and it says that you would be willing to pay ($6,807.82 + $3,192.18) = $10,000. Surprise! When the bond is a par bond you’re basically being compensated for the time value of money with the interest payments. You purchase the bond at the ‘face value’, which is the principal that will be returned at the end.  If you worked through the math for a 6% discount rate on an 8% coupon bond, you would see that it’s “premium”, because you would pay more than the principal that is returned to obtain the bond [10,842.87 vs 10,000]. Similarly, if you work through the math for a 10% discount rate on an 8% coupon bond, it’s a ‘discount’ bond because you will pay less than the principal that is returned for the bond [9,241.84 vs 10,000].  It’s easy to see how an investor could hold our imaginary Dell bond for one year, collect the first interest payment, and then sell the bond on to another investor. The mechanics of the calculations are the same, except that one less interest payment is available, and the principal will be returned one year sooner… so N=4 in both formulae.  Still with me? Now that we’re on the same page about how a bond is priced, we can talk about “Yield To Maturity”, which is at the heart of your main question.  Bond “yields” like the ones you can access on CNBC or Yahoo!Finance or wherever you may be looking are actually taking the reverse approach to this. In these cases the prices are ‘fixed’ in that the sellers have listed the bonds for sale, and specified the price. Since the coupon values are fixed already by whatever organization issued the bond, the rate of return can be imputed from those values.  To do that, you just do a bit of algebra and swap “present value” and “future value” in our two equations.  Let’s say that Dell has gone private, had an awesome year, and figured out how to make robot unicorns that do wonderful things for all mankind. You decide that now would be a great time to sell your bond after holding it for one year… and collecting that $800 interest payment. You think you’d like to sell it for $10,500. (Since the principal return is fixed (+10,000); the number of periods is fixed (4); and the interest payments are fixed ($800); but you’ve changed the price... something else has to adjust and that is the discount rate.) It’s kind of tricky to actually use those equations to solve for this by hand… you end up with two equations… one unknown, and set them equal. So, the easiest way to solve for this rate is actually in Excel, using the function =RATE(NPER, PMT, PV, FV). NPER = 4, PMT = 800, PV=-10500, and FV=10000. Hint to make sure that you catch the minus sign in front of the present value… buyer pays now for the positive return of 10,000 in the future.  That shows 6.54% as the effective discount rate (or rate of return) for the investor. That is the same thing as the yield to maturity. It specifies the return that a bond investor would see if he or she purchased the bond today and held it to maturity.  3. What factors (in terms of supply and demand) drive changes in the bond market? I hope it’s clear now how the tradeoff works between yields going UP when prices go DOWN, and vice versa. It happens because the COUPON rate, the number of periods, and the return of principal for a bond are fixed. So when someone sells a bond in the middle of its term, the only things that can change are the price and corresponding yield/discount rate.  Other commenters… including you… have touched on some of the reasons why the prices go up and down. Generally speaking, it’s because of the basics of supply and demand… higher level of bonds for sale to be purchased by same level of demand will mean prices go down. But it’s not ‘just because interest rates are going up and down’. It has a lot more to do with the expectations for 1) risk, 2) return and 3) future inflation. Sometimes it is action by the Fed, as Joe Taxpayer has pointed out. If they sell a lot of bonds, then the basics of higher supply for a set level of demand imply that the prices should go down. Prices going down on a bond imply that yields will go up. (I really hope that’s clear by now). This is a common monetary lever that the government uses to ‘remove money’ from the system, in that they receive payments from an investor up front when the investor buys the bond from the Fed, and then the Fed gradually return that cash back into the system over time.  Sometimes it is due to uncertainty about the future. If investors at large believe that inflation is coming, then bonds become a less attractive investment, as the dollars received for future payments will be less valuable. This could lead to a sell-off in the bond markets, because investors want to cash out their bonds and transfer that capital to something that will preserve their value under inflation. Here again an increase in supply of bonds for sale will lead to decreased prices and higher yields.  At the end of the day it is really hard to predict exactly which direction bond markets will be moving, and more importantly WHY. If you figure it out, move to New York or Chicago or London and work as a trader in the bond markets. You’ll make a killing, and if you’d like I will be glad to drive your cars for you.  4. How does the availability of money supply for banks drive changes in other lending rates?  When any investment organization forms, it builds its portfolio to try to deliver a set return at the lowest risk possible. As a corollary to that, it tries to deliver the maximum return possible for a given level of risk.  When we’re talking about a bank, DumbCoder’s answer is dead on. Banks have various options to choose from, and a 10-year T-bond is broadly seen as one of the least risky investments. Thus, it is a benchmark for other investments.  5. So… now, why do mortgage rates tend to increase when the published treasury bond yield rate increases? The traditional, residential 30-year mortgage is VERY similar to a bond investment. There is a long-term investment horizon, with fixed cash payments over the term of the note. But the principal is returned incrementally during the life of the loan.  So, since mortgages are ‘more risky’ than the 10-year treasury bond, they will carry a certain premium that is tied to how much more risky an individual is as a borrower than the US government.  And here it is… no one actually directly changes the interest rate on 10-year treasuries. Not even the Fed. The Fed sets a price constraint that it will sell bonds at during its periodic auctions. Buyers bid for those, and the resulting prices imply the yield rate. If the yield rate for current 10-year bonds increases, then banks take it as a sign that everyone in the investment community sees some sign of increased risk in the future. This might be from inflation. This might be from uncertain economic performance. But whatever it is, they operate with some rule of thumb that their 30-year mortgage rate for excellent credit borrowers will be the 10-year plus 1.5% or something. And they publish their rates.
"Why would there not be a bid and ask?  Dealers make their money in the spread between what they buy it from one entity for and what they sell it to another entity for.  This doesn't mean they have to do it auction-style, but they'll still have a different buy price from a sell price, hence ""bid"" and ""ask""."
While this trade show was held a few months back in May of 2015 in Baltimore, Maryland, engineers from various aircraft manufacturers paid us a visit to get samples of our MicroGrid® thin expanded metal foils for upcoming programs that they are working on. For more information email us at sales@dexmet.com or call us at 800-714-8736/(203) 294-4440 and Fax at (203) 294-7899. Visit our website www.dexmet.com.
Capital circulation doesn't work in the model of everyone producing products they can all already produce independently, and the money going to raw material and 3D printer inputs are a fixed cost to all construction, which outside of asteroid mining has limitations.    The Economy needs a stable cycle for capital, the challenge with this automation is that the requirement for capital circulation appears vulnerable to instability.
I walked away from a house last year and don't regret it a single bit.  I owed $545,000 and the bank sold it a month after moving out for $328,900.  So technically I guess I can be on the  hook to someone for the missing $216,100 for many years to come.  Oh well.  They can come after me if they want and I'll declare bankruptcy then.
Speaking from personal experience, I have a real hard time dealing with nonlogical / emotional people in the work place.  It's not that I lack the skills, its that it causes my head to hurt. I would never walk out of a meeting but I definitely ask for people to shield me / try to push for structured communication.
"And then for them not to have to disclose the ammonia as an ingredient because the addition of ammonia is considered a ""part of the process"", not an ingredient, and therefore they don't need to list it as an ingredient, even though some batches were returned to the vendor because of the strong ammonia smell left in those batches, which they can't always get completely rid off."
There is no difference between more shares of a relatively cheaper stock and less shares of a relatively more expensive stock. When you invest in a stock, the percentage increase (or decrease) in the share price results in gains (or losses). This is a fundamental concept of investing. Your question suggests that you would benefit from further research before investing your money. Trading real dollars can be difficult without a strong understanding of the principles involved. Investing your money without a good knowledge base will likely be stressful and could have a discouraging effect if it doesn't go well. Before you open an investment account, read up on investing fundamentals, particularly mutual funds as those can be a great place to start as a new investor. There are many sources of information including books, websites such as http://investor.gov/investing-basics and this website. Don't skip the sections on taxes, as those matter just as much and sometimes more than the simple buying and selling. You might look at tax advantaged accounts, such as 401k's, IRA's, etc.  It shouldn't take long but it will be one of the most important things you do as a beginning investor. Everyone has to start here. Understanding the vocabulary and concepts will likely save you time and money throughout your investing life.
Some good answers already, but let me add a TL:DR version. Brokers work like a special type of bank account where you can deposit or withdraw money. The major difference is that they also give you the ability to buy/sell investments with the money in your account which you can do by either calling them or using their website. Important: Many investments you will make through a broker(e.g. stocks) are not insured against losing value like the money in your bank account.
"Why? Because they can get away with it, of course. In short - why not? You may want to read the answers to this similar question (my answer is the one accepted by the OP). Who has the money? The banks, who else. I have found that some banks are capable of sending/receiving ACH transfers faster than others. I have accounts in two banks, lets call them A and B. If I send money (push) from A to B, it may take several days. But if I decide to pull the money from A to B by originating the transaction through my account at B - the money arrives the next day! So the actual transfer only takes a night, one business day. Its just the direction that matters - if the bank has to give the money out, it will do all it can (including taking 2-3 days for ""processing"") to keep the money as long as possible. But when another bank charges them - they have no choice but to pay. By the way, bank B behaves better - when I send the money from my account at B, it arrives to A the next day as well. Try a similar experiment. Instead of originating the transaction at the sender bank - try to originate it at the receiver bank, see how long it takes then for the money to appear on your account after it disappeared from the other one."
Most important things can be accessed from steering wheel controls too, and I found the climate really easy to hit on the screen.  Navigation not so much, but that is harder to do with knobs anyway.  For music, it is all steering wheel knobs for me.
Probably the easiest way for individual investors is oil ETFs.  In particular, USO seems to be fairly liquid and available.  You should check carefully the bid/ask spreads in this volatile time.  There are other oil ETFs and leveraged and inverse oil ETFs exist as well, but one should heed the warnings about leveraged ETFs. Oil futures are another possibility though they can be more complicated and tough to access for an individual investor.  Note that futures have a drift associated with them as well.  Be careful close or roll any positions before delivery, of course, unless you have a need for a bunch of actual barrels of oil. Finally, you can consider investing in commodities ETFs or Energy stocks or stock ETFs that are strongly related to the price of oil.  As Keshlam mentions, care is advised in all these methods.  Many people thought oil reached its bottom a few weeks back then OPEC decided to do nothing and the price dropped even further.
"I don't think it is irrelevant.  If everyone is better off working together why not work together?    I mean, how can you expect to say something like ""sure, you'll be paying more for YOUR roads, but at least you won't be paying for other people's roads.""    If you can come up with even some rough estimates that show we'd be better off, but it sounds like you know we won't be better off, but want it anyway, just because you don't want other people to get a better deal than you.  I mean, that *really* doesn't sound like a better society than what we have now."
"&gt;You also have to plan around finding chargers.  How is that different from planning around gas stations?  Tesla has the superchargers all along freeways for long trips.  For everyday driving, you plug it in at home. So there's a lot less ""planning around"" anything."
Technically, of course. Almost any company can go bankrupt. One small note: a company goes bankrupt, not its stock. Its stock may become worthless in bankruptcy, but a stock disappearing or being delisted doesn't necessarily mean the company went bankrupt. Bankruptcy has implications for a company's debt as well, so it applies to more than just its stock. I don't know of any historical instances where this has happened, but presumably, the warning signs of bankruptcy would be evident enough that a few things could happen.  Another company, e.g. another exchange, holding firm, etc. could buy out the exchange that's facing financial difficulty, and the companies traded on it would transfer to the new company that's formed. If another exchange bought out the struggling exchange, the shares of the latter could transfer to the former. This is an attractive option because exchanges possess a great deal of infrastructure already in place. Depending on the country, this could face regulatory scrutiny however. Other firms or governments could bail out the exchange if no one presented a buyout offer. The likelihood of this occurring depends on several factors, e.g. political will, the government(s) in question, etc. For a smaller exchange, the exchange could close all open positions at a set price. This is exactly what happened with the Hong Kong Mercantile Exchange (HKMex) that MSalters mentioned. When the exchange collapsed in May 2013, it closed all open positions for their price on the Thursday before the shutdown date. I don't know if a stock exchange would simply close all open positions at a set price, since equity technically exists in perpetuity regardless of the shutdown of an exchange, while many derivatives have an expiration date. Furthermore, this might not be a feasible option for a large exchange. For example, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange lists thousands of products and manages hundreds of millions of transactions, so closing all open positions could be a significant undertaking.  If none of the above options were available, I presume companies listed on the exchange would actively move to other, more financially stable exchanges. These companies wouldn't simply go bankrupt. Contracts can always be listed on other exchanges as well. Considering the high level of mergers and acquisitions, both unsuccessful and successful,  in the market for exchanges in recent years, I would assume that option 1 would be the most likely (see the NYSE Euronext/Deutsche Börse merger talks and the NYSE Euronext/ICE merger that's currently in progress), but for smaller exchanges, there is the recent historical precedent of the HKMex that speaks to #3. Also, the above answer really only applies to publicly traded stock exchanges, and not all stock exchanges are publicly-held entities. For example, the Shanghai Stock Exchange is a quasi-governmental organization, so I presume option 2 would apply because it already receives government backing. Its bankruptcy would mean something occurred for the government to withdraw its backing or that it became public, and a discussion of those events occurring in the future is pure speculation.
Yes you can. You should talk to your tax advisor re the specific expenditures that can be accounted as startup-costs (legal fees are a good candidate, for example). If they add up to significant amounts (>$5K), you'll have to capitalize them over a certain period of time, and deduct from your business' income. This is not a tax advice.:-)
"In India the Short is what is called in other markets call as ""Naked Short"" [I think I got the right term]. It means that you can only short sell intra day and by the end of the day you have to buy back the shares [at whatever price, if you don't; the exchange will do it by force the next day]. In other markets the Intra day shorts are not allowed and one can short for several days by borrowing shares from someone else [arranged by broker] India has a futures market, so you can sell/buy something today with the execution date of one month. This is typically a fixed day of the month [I think last Thursday]"
I don’t understand people’s obsession with inequality.  As long as real wages are staying constant or rising then you are as good, or better off today than you were yesterday.  This idea that “they” are getting “better” faster really doesn’t matter in the long run.  It was only 60 years ago that multiple middle class houses shared a land line and you had to wait for your neighbor to finish before making a phone call.  Today just about every individual in a low-income household has a cellphone.  My point is, as long as things keep improving for everyone is it really that bad if it’s unequal improvement?  [Freakonomics did an interesting podcast on the topic of spite a while back.](http://freakonomics.com/podcast/what-do-medieval-nuns-and-bo-jackson-have-in-common-a-new-freakonomics-radio-podcast/)  The most interesting part to me is experiment where people were willing to accept less money just to ensure that the other person did not get more than them.
Peace of mind is the key to your question. Just before the US housing bust of 2007, I had someone try to convince me to take all the equity from my house which was overvalued in an overheated market. The idea was to put that money in the stock market for a bigger return than the interest on the house. Many people did that and found themselves out of jobs as the economy crashed. Unfortunately, they couldn't sell their homes because they owed more than they were worth. I never lost a night of sleep over the money I didn't make in the stock market. I did manage to trade up to a house twice the size by buying another when the housing market bottomed out, but waiting for a market recovery to sell the smaller house. The outcome of my good fortune is a very nice house with no mortgage worth about 1/3 of my total net worth. That's probably a larger percentage than most money managers would recommend, but it is steadily decreasing because now, all the money that would go to a mortgage payment instead gets deposited in retirement accounts, and it still has 30 years to grow before I start drawing it down. I almost don't remember the burden of a mortgage hanging over my head each month. Almost.
Yes, eligibility for contributing to a Roth IRA is determined by your Modified Adjusted Gross Income (MAGI) which is based on your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI). Now, AGI includes the net capital gains from your transactions and MAGI adds back in things that were subtracted off (e.g. tuition deductions, foreign earned income exclusion) in arriving at the AGI. There is a worksheet in Publication 590 that has the details. You are always entitled to contribute to a Traditional IRA. The MAGI affects how much of your contribution is tax-deductible on that year's tax return, but not your eligibility to contribute.  Both the above paragraphs assume that you have enough compensation (wages, salary, self-employment income) to contribute to an IRA: the contribution limit is $5500 or total compensation, whichever is smaller. (If you earned only $2K as wages, you can contribute all of it; not just your take-home pay which is what is left after Social Security and Medicare taxes, Federal taxes etc have been withheld from that $2K). If your entire income is from capital gains and stock dividends, you cannot contribute to any kind of IRA at all.
"Your employment status is not 100% clear from the question.  Normally, consultants are sole-proprietors or LLC's and are paid with 1099's.  They take care of their own taxes, often with schedule C, and they sometimes can but generally do not use ""employer"" company 401(k).  If this is your situation, you can contact any provider you want and set up your own solo 401(k), which will have great investment options and no fees.  I do this, through Fidelity. If you are paid with a W2, you are not a consultant.  You are an employee and must use your employer's 401(k). Figure out what you are. If you are a consultant, open a solo 401(k) at the provider of your choice.  Make sure beforehand that they allow incoming rollovers.  Roll all of your previous 401(k)s and IRA's into it. When you have moved your 401(k) to a better provider, you won't be paying any extra fees, but you will not recoup any fees your original provider charged. I'm not sure why you mention a Roth IRA.  If you try to roll your 401(k) into a Roth instead of a traditional IRA or 401(k), be aware that you will be taxed on everything you roll. ---- Edit: a little info about IRA's in response to your comment ---- Tax advantaged retirement accounts come in two flavors: one is managed by your company and the money is taken out of your paycheck.  This is usually a 401(k) or 403(b).  You can contribute up to $18K per year and your company can also contribute to it.  The other flavor is an IRA.  You can contribute $5,500 per year to this for you and $5,500 for your spouse.  These are outside of your company and you make the deposits yourself.  You choose your own provider, so competition has driven prices way down.  You can have both a 401(k) and an IRA and contribute the max to both (though at high incomes you lose the ability to deduct IRA contributions). These accounts are tax advantaged because you only pay taxes once.  With a regular brokerage account, you pay income tax in the year in which you earn money, then you pay tax every year on dividends and any capital gains that have been realized by selling.  There are two types of tax-advantaged accounts: Traditional IRA or Traditional 401(k).  You do not pay income tax on this money in the year you earn it, nor do you pay capital gains tax.  Instead you pay tax only in the year in which you take the money out (in retirement). Roth IRA or Roth 401(k).  You do pay income tax on money on this money in the year in which you earn it.  But then you don't pay tax on any gains or withdrawals ever again. When you leave your job (and sometimes at other times) you can move your money out of a 401(k) into your IRA, where you can do a better job managing it.  You can also move money from your IRA into a 401(k) if your 401(k) provider will allow you to. Whether traditional or Roth is better depends on your tax rate now and your tax rate at retirement.  However, if you choose to move money from a traditional account into a Roth account, you must pay tax on it in that year as if it was income because traditional and Roth accounts are taxed at different times.  For that reason, if you are just trying to move money out of your 401(k) to save on fees, the logical place to put it is in a traditional IRA. Moving money from a traditional to a Roth may make sense, for example, if your tax rate is temporarily low this year, but that would be a separate decision from the one you are looking at. You can always roll your traditional IRA into a Roth later if that does become the case.  Otherwise, there's no reason to think your traditional 401(k) should be rolled into a Roth IRA according to what you have described."
Is it really that good of an opportunity? I kind of just applied through linkedin, sent my resume and they emailed me back to schedule an interview.   Also, I did do research. but I only found superficial information such as their linkedin &amp; wiki page. I don't **really** know what this position entails or how the company functions.
I dont think they have much of a choice if they want to deleverage.   If they do that, short and long term rates are going up whether the economy is ready for it or not.   If they wait until the next recession, they'll have to buy even more bonds.  They could just be moving the target up to accommodate for what they (a pro deleveraged fed) considers inevitable rate increases sure to come anyway.
"+1 for noting that you are in it for the long haul. I also think this is a great project and activity to do with friends.  Setting up and start-up investment company could be done as a simple LLC.  The decision making process can be decided among the members -- if you want to defer to the others then so be it. Make it flexible so that you can change your mind in the future.  If this is not intended to be a source of revenue or income for you (note your ""in it for the long haul"") One way of sourcing the capital and managing the resulting taxes you might want to consider is setting up a self-directed retirement account and making the investment from there. proceeds as you and your friends choose to take them would flow back into the retirement account.   As with most investment and tax related questions we should all take the little extra time and money to follow up on internet-based advice  with your own lawyer, investment adviser and accountant. These licensed individuals when under contract assume a degree of responsibility for their answer which is not available online. :)"
"I think this is a good question with no single right answer.  For a conservative investor, possible responses to low rates would be: Probably the best response is somewhere in the middle: consider riskier investments for a part of your portfolio, but still hold on to some cash, and in any case do not expect great results in a bad economy. For a more detailed analysis, let's consider the three main asset classes of cash, bonds, and stocks, and how they might preform in a low-interest-rate environment. (By ""stocks"" I really mean mutual funds that invest in a diversified mixture of stocks, rather than individual stocks, which would be even riskier.  You can use mutual funds for bonds too, although diversification is not important for government bonds.) Cash. Advantages: Safe in the short term.  Available on short notice for emergencies. Disadvantages: Low returns, and possibly inflation (although you retain the flexibility to move to other investments if inflation increases.) Bonds. Advantages: Somewhat higher returns than cash.  Disadvantages: Returns are still rather low, and more vulnerable to inflation.  Also the market price will drop temporarily if rates rise. Stocks. Advantages: Better at preserving your purchasing power against inflation in the long term (20 years or more, say.)  Returns are likely to be higher than stocks or bonds on average.  Disadvantages:  Price can fluctuate a lot in the short-to-medium term.  Also, expected returns are still less than they would be in better economic times. Although the low rates may change the question a little, the most important thing for an investor is still to be familiar with these basic asset classes.  Note that the best risk-adjusted reward might be attained by some mixture of the three."
SMSFs are generally prohibited from acquiring assets from related parties (whether it is purchased by the SMSF or contributed into the fund). There are some exceptions to the above rule for acquiring related party assets, including: • Listed securities (ie shares, units or bonds listed on an approved stock exchange, such as the ASX) acquired at market value. • Business real property (ie freehold or leasehold interests in real property used exclusively in one or more businesses) acquired at market value. • An in-house asset where the acquisition would not result in the level of the fund’s in-house assets exceeding 5%. • Units in a widely held unit trust, such as a retail ,managed fund. In-house asset rules An ‘in-house asset’ is generally defined as: • An investment by an SMSF in a related company or trust (ie a fund owns shares in a related company or units in a related trust). • An asset of an SMSF that is leased to a related party. • A loan made by an SMSF to a related company or trust. An investment, lease or loan that is an in-house asset is not prohibited, but is limited to 5% of the market value of the fund’s assets. The Answer: If your pre-owned Western Australian Rock Lobster fishery quota units are not included in the exceptions then you cannot transfer them into your SMSF.
I don't think you are reading the stock chart right.  ORCL has a beta of 1.12 which means it has more volatility than the market as a whole.  See image below for a fairly wild stock chart for a year.   I would not truly consider ESPP participation investing, unless you intend to buy and hold the stock.  If you intend to sell the stock soon after you are able, it is more speculation.  ESPP's are okay based upon the terms.  If the stock was a constant price, and you could sell right away, then an ESPP plan would be easy money.  Often, employees are often given a 15% discount to purchase the stock.  If you can sell it before any price drop, then you are guaranteed to make 15% on the money invested minus any commissions.   Some employers make ESPP participants hold the stock for a year.  This makes such a plan less of a value.  The reasons are the stock can drop in price during that time, you could need the money, or (in the best case) your money is tied up longer making the ROI less. The reasons people invest in stock are varied and is far to much to discuss in a single post.  Some of your colleagues are using the ESPP solely to earn the discount in their money.
"Hans Rosling has pointed out that most people have worse ideas about large issues in the world (specifically development, trends, etc.) than would be developed from random (""I asked the chimps and they got it right 33% of the time"").    Highly educated people world-wide are wrong on poverty in the world, mortality, wealth distribution, economic variations in regions, etc. in vastly higher numbers than can be accounted for by no knowledge, it's rather wrong knowledge (bad generalization rules).  The generalization rules come from teachers, books, materials, etc. that have not incorporated the vast amounts of change (the emerging areas of stability and affluence in sub-Saharan Africa following the path of Korea for example) or the fact that world population will stabilize at 40% African, 40% Asian, etc at 11-12 billion people with zero growth as soon as those currently born are all reproducing and current generations reach death age as we are currently at zero population growth rates world-wide.  The videos are quite entertaining and informative (there are a lot of them as Hans Rosling tried to spread the word about this from 2003 on)  It's about making use of the data that we have (most of which is hidden in hard-to access charts, reports, data bases, etc -- Gapminder is devoted to summarizing and displaying this in easily understood forms"
And since it's impossible to know when the market cracks, and it often cracks quickly, your comment implies (a) you're confident you can get out quickly on your own and (b) likelier you're going to end up with a lot of false positives.
As many people here have pointed out, a CFD is a contract for difference. When you invest in stock at eToro, you buy a CFD reflecting a bid on the price movement of the underlying stock, however, you do not actually own the stock or hold any rights shareholders have. The counterparty to the CFD is eToro. When you close your position, eToro shall pay you the amount representing the difference between your buy and sell price for each stock.  I suggest you read the following article about CFDs, it explains everything clearly and thoroughly: http://www.investopedia.com/articles/stocks/09/trade-a-cfd.asp#axzz2G9ZsmX3A As some of the responders have pointed out, and as is mentioned in the article, a broker can potentially misquote the prices of underlying assets in order to manipulate CFDs to their advantage. However, eToro is a highly reputable broker, with over 2 million active accounts, and we guarantee accurate stock quotes. Furthermore, eToro is regulated in Europe (Germany, UK, France, etc.) by institutions that exact strict regulations on the CFD trading sector, and we are obligated to comply with these regulations, which include accurate price quoting.  And of course, CFD trading at eToro has tremendous benefits. Unlike a direct stock investment, eToro allows you to invest as much or as little as you like in your favorite stocks, even if the amount is less than the relevant stock price (i.e. fraction stocks). For example:  if you invest $10 in Microsoft, and on the day of execution eToro’s average aggregated price was $30 after a spread of 0.1%, you will then have a CFD representing 0.33 stocks of Microsoft in your eToro account. In addition, with eToro you can invest in stock in the context of a social trading network, meaning that you can utilize the stock trading expertise of other trader to your advantage by following them, learning their strategies, and even copying their stock investments automatically. To put it briefly, you won’t be facing the stock market alone!  Before you make a decision, I suggest that you try stock trading with an eToro demo account. A free demo account grants you access to all our instruments at real market rates, as well as access to our social network where you can view and participate in trader discussions about trading stocks with eToro, all without risking your hard earned money. Bottom line – it’s free, there are no strings attached, and you can get a much firmer idea of what trading stocks with eToro is like. If you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us through our site: www.etoro.com.
"I think this quote from the article sums things up really well:  &gt; ""No one who knows anything about budgeting would take a 30-day change to have any meaning at all. There is no credit to take, because it's like noticing that rainfall numbers from one month to the next are not exactly the same or that attendance at baseball games is not a constant number.""  A claim by Trump is not the same as a claim about Trump.  As a reminder, his claim was:  &gt; Trump tweeted, ""The National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion.""  And this is the claim that has been rated Mostly False.  A claim **by** Trump."
I am an independent liberal.  Therefore, Donald Trump would be the last person I would praise.  However, working in tech; I now see companies offering U.S. employees substantially bigger paychecks.  I don't know what the exact cause of this is; but, I can safely assume that this so called brain drain must be very limited.
The main Part of this strategy is to get as much money as possible into the policy and then take policy loans ever year. As long as you don't withdraw too much too fast you can take a loan each year that is tax free and then once you die your beneficiary still receives the face value of the policy less any outstanding  loans tax free.
This is what I suspect. When you get close to a border, the signal will bounce back and forth between the two countries. But roaming in a country you are not in denotes something else is going on. I know towers can be spoofed, but I'm not sure how this would work.
"The point of the enrollment penalty is basically the same as the ACA penalty.  Any sort of health insurance - or really, any insurance - is funded by creating a risk pool of high and low risk people and pricing it so that the overall payments cover the total risk.   That means, however, that on average the low risk people end up paying more than their share - more than it would have cost them, without the insurance, excepting any provider agreements to charge less (which is significant in the health insurance business).  (Of course some of them do end up using more than they pay - but not on average, assuming the risk was calculated accurately.) While there isn't really a completely low risk pool in Medicare, there is a significant difference in utilization (=cost) between younger (65-70) and older enrollees.  As such, for many health 65 year olds, it would be beneficial to not enroll in Medicare right away - delay a few years, if they're fully healthy, and wait until they are less healthy.  Since Medicare won't turn you away for pre-existing conditions, that's a risk some would take. In order to accommodate for that, Medicare effectively says, ""If you didn't help subsidize the costs of the high users when you were younger, you need to pay more to make up for that fact"" - hence the enrollment penalty.   The New York Times explains this in part in a 2006 article discussing Part D (which was new that year, and has a similar penalty): The purpose of the late enrollment penalty is to encourage people to   sign up as soon as possible, before they have significant drug costs."
"I would like to buy hubby a beer and talk some sense into him.  Do you have 2 years gross income saved as your retirement balance? That's about where he should be at age 30. I wrote about this in an article Retirement Savings Ratio.  Blowing the 401(k) for anything less than an extreme emergency is downright foolish.  The decision whether to roll it to an IRA or the new account isn't so simple. If you roll it to new plan, yes you can borrow, up to 60 months at a low rate, 4% or so. Taking the cash and then making an IRA deposit just means paying the penalty for nothing, unless you manage it just right, depositing the amount within 60 day, etc. You don't mention what he wants to do with it. You need to sit down and have a long ""money talk.""  Keep in mind, if you oversave, it's easy to retire early, or at 50 just stop saving, spend every new dime. But it's something else to turn 50 and realize you will have to work till you die. I've seen both situations. (I am 48, the Mrs, 54 our multiple is now 13. The target is 20 to retire. The house is not counted as it can't be spent. The mortgage IS counted as it must be paid) Edit - as I read this again, I see the OP asked about opening an IRA in the same year they withdraw the 401(k) and pay tax and penalty. Wow. I also see her user reverted to generic, which means, I think, she's never returned. I hope they made the right decision, to keep the money in retirement accounts. Hubby never even said what he wanted the money for."
If you buy a townhouse, you often are in a condominium arrangement in the US (when you're really in a rowhouse in particular).  So that's a downside right away: you have to have a HOA, or at least some sort of common agreement, though it might not have formal meetings.  Everyone who owns an interest in the entire group of townhouses gets some say in landscaping and such. Beyond that though, townhouses (and similarly, condominiums) are often easier to own (as they don't have as much maintenance that you have to do), but more expensive because you pay someone to do it (the landscaping, the external repairs, etc.).  You likely don't have as much control over what the external looks like (because you have to be in agreement with the other owners), but you also don't have to do the work, unless your agreement is to collectively do the mowing/landscaping, which you should know in advance.   I wouldn't underestimate the value of easier, by the way; it's very valuable to not have to deal with as many repairs and to be able to go a week without thinking about mowing or watering.  In that sense it can be a nice transition into ownership, getting some-but-not-all of the obligations.  But if that's something you really value, doing the landscaping and mowing and whatnot, that's relevant too.  You can always tell your realtor to look for townhouses where the owners do some/all of the landscaping, though that opens up a different can of worms (where you rely on others to do work that they may not do, or do well). They're also somewhat noisier; you may be sharing a wall (but not necessarily, air-gap townhouses do exist) and either way will be closer to your neighbors.  Does noise bother you?  Conversely, are you noisy?  In a college town this is probably something to pay attention to. Price wise, of course stay well within your means; if being close to the city center is important, that may lead you to buy a townhouse in that area.  If being further out isn't a problem, you'll probably have similar choices in terms of price as long as you look in cheaper areas for single family homes.
"Coins are legal tender. They're authorized by governments and have a face value. Rounds are simply coined pieces of metal minted by private manufacturers. They do not have any face value and are not legal tender. Rounds are used to own metal, they have no value other than the value of the metal in them. Any premium you pay over the price of the metal is the mint's profit. Coins are also used as bulions (i.e.: to own metal and create profits for the government), but many times coins have limited issue and become valuable because of the rarity, specific issues with a specific coin (mistakes, impurities, exclusive designs), etc. So they also may have some numismatic value (depends on the specific coin). Coins also have the assurance of quality of the authorizing government (and fakes are dealt with by the law as forgery of coins is illegal and is a crime), rounds however do not enjoy such protection, and any one can mint them (only copyright/trademark protections apply, where the enforcement is by the owner and not the government). Re the advantages - coins (if you pick the right ones...) appreciate much more than the metal. However, this is mostly in hindsight, and most of the ""bulion"" coins do not appreciate significantly beyond the price of the metal unless there's something else significant about them (first year of issue, high quality certification, etc). Rounds on the other hand are cheaper (1 oz round will be significantly cheaper than 1 oz coin), and monitor more closely the price of the metal. It is unlikely for rounds to significantly deviate from the spot price (although this does happen occasionally, for specific designs or if a mint goes out of business)."
Saving for college you have a couple of options.  529 plans are probably the best bet for most people wanting to save for their kids college education. You can put a lot of money away ~$300k and you may get a state tax deduction. The downside is if you're kid doesn't go to college you may end up eating the 10% penalty. State specific prepaid tuition plans. The upside is you know roughly the return you are going to get on your money. The downside is your kid has to go to a state school in the state you prepaid or there are likely withdrawal penalties. For the most part these really aren't that great of a deal any more.  ESAs are also an option but they only allow you to contribute $2k/year, but you have more investment options than with the 529 plans. Traditional and ROTH IRA accounts can also be used to pay for higher education. I wouldn't recommend this route in general but if you maxed out your 401k and weren't using your IRA contribution limits you could put extra money here and get more or really different flexibility than you can with a 529 account. I doubt IRA's will ever be asked for on a FAFSA which might be helpful. Another option is to save the money in a regular brokerage account. You would have more flexibility, but lower returns after taxes. One advantage to this route is if you think your kid might be borderline for financial aid a year or two before he starts college you could move this money into another investment that doesn't matter for financial aid purposes. A few words of caution, make sure you save for retirement before saving for your kids college. He can always get loans to pay for school but no one is going to give you a loan to pay for your retirement. Also be cautious with the amount of money you give your adult child, studies have shown that the more money that parents give their adult children the less successful they are compared to their peers.
Have you been to any cities recently? We're having a housing crisis in NYC because wealthy people are flocking here from all over the world driving up prices. Crime rates are hitting 50 year lows so often they don't even announce it anymore. You're describing the state of things 30 or more years ago.
&gt;Don’t have anything to point out? Just say something like, “I’m not sure what these numbers mean,” and sit back. You’ve bought yourself almost an entire meeting of appearing smart.  I just explained the numbers :( Please don't make me explain them again.
This is why minimum wage has not gone up.  Its a fallacy way of thinking.  - Your business will be required to do one of 4 things.  Raise prices, fire employees, remove pointless expenses, or you take a hit.  More than likely you will attempt to do situation 1 because you need all your employees you currently have.  If you could work with less employees as a business owner you would of already had done that.  The next part is you will find things that are pointless.  Why are you paying for a certain type of yeast when you found out you can get the same type from someone else cheaper.  Finally you may have to take the hit to yourself.  The market will balance itself out.  HOWEVER this is the big part people dont understand.  The larger companies like to dick people over as much as possible.  You think walmart which already uses illegal workers on their farms nad has everything made in china is going to raise prices the exact same amount?  Of course not.  They will raise prices but nothing like that, and the only people who will be hurt is the companies profit sheets, and the ceo pay.  That is nothing that will ruin a company.  Furthermore that person who was making around 7 dollars an hour will have a higher income to spend and instead of purchasing crap bread from walmart they will now splurge sometimes and purchase higher end bread from bakeries such as yourself.  I think people dont understand that companies will do, and always hve done, everything they can to save money.  Walmart will have no choice but to either raise prices or not make as large of a profit as they once made.  The company wont fail, the economy will also continue, but the wealth is now going to spread out more.  I wish i could make more people understand this, but alas they will believe that you cant raise prices because it will ruin the economy.  Whats ruining the economy is actually letting the min wage stay so low.  It basically turns most people into indentured servants because they can barely afford to live.  Does that make sense?
What?!  Did you read my comments about verifying information?  You have turned it into vilifying sources.  If we want to vilify sources, just take a look at the crap the news pulls every day.  The other day I was watched big an interview on Fox News that asked,”How will the Republican Tax Break affect students?”  The guy responded about how he wants to help students but never once mentioned how the Tax Breaks would affect them.  The interviewer never called him on it, and moved on as if the guy had answered the question!  At least comedy doesn’t pretend to care.  I voted for who I wanted, and I didn’t vote for Hillary and Trump.
You're licensed to sell investments. You could get a job at a broker or RIA. You can sell stocks bonds funds annuities and work for a fee based ria in sales. You're technically licensed to give advice on investments but without at least some academic expertise in finance I would avoid it. Helpful?  edit: you don't need securities licenses to work in a bank. you'll be selling loans which is regulated differently.
Disregarding leverage and things alike, I would like to know what's the difference between opening a position in Forex on a pair through a broker, for example, and effectively buy some currency in a traditional bank-to-bank transition The forex account may pay or charge you interest whereas converting your currency directly will not.  Disregarding leverage, the difference would be interest.
Automation is different than mechanization. Before we replaced physical labor with machines, soon we will replace mental labor with algorithms. I do believe it will ultimately create a better society for everyone, I just see it being a bumpy road getting there. Right now humanity already has enough money and resources to feed everyone on the planet and give them all health care and education. Every single person. The problem is all those resources are locked away by the 0.01% of people who own all the wealth and isn't circulated in the economy. With automation, the problem will get even worse unless we do something about it. Imagine mega corporations that literally run themselves, only benefiting the owners. It doesn't look pretty
You must not be from around these parts.  AT&amp;T &amp; Verizon have really done an excellent job at nothing.  I mange 25 lines for the company I work at.  having that many lines, I see some fun things.  We have at times been with both AT&amp;T, Verizon, and T-Mobile.  Of the 3 only T-Mobile has the honor of more than 3 consecutive months without a billing error.  Infact our 2 years with T-Mobile, there was only 3 billing errors.  AT&amp;T had errors monthly, Verizon was as bad.  Signal, of course varies from one local to another, but here all 3 suck the hind tit.  I have nothing from my experience with AT&amp;T and Verizon that I could say positively about the quality of the service.
Policy aimed at promoting economic opportunity for poor children must be framed within three stark realities.   **First, many poor children come from families that do not give them the kind of support that middle-class children get from their families.**  **Second, as a result, these children enter kindergarten far behind their more advantaged peers and, on average, never catch up and even fall further behind.**   **Third, in addition to the education deficit, poor children are more likely to make bad decisions that lead them to drop out of school, become teen parents, join gangs and break the law.**  **Let politicians, schoolteachers and administrators, community leaders, ministers and parents drill into children the message that in a free society, they enter adulthood with three major responsibilities: at least finish high school, get a full-time job and wait until age 21 to get married and have children.**  https://www.brookings.edu/opinions/three-simple-rules-poor-teens-should-follow-to-join-the-middle-class/
There is no issue - and no question - if you get married.  The question is only relevant in the event that you go separate ways.  Should that happen, you imply that you would want to refund whatever amount your girlfriend has paid toward the mortgage. The solution, then, would seem to be to exempt her from any payments, as you will either give that money back to her (if you break up) or make her a co-owner of the condo (if you get married).  If you actually need her contributions to the monthly nut, you could give her a written agreement whereby you would refund her money (plus interest) at her discretion.
I think you are having trouble understanding what 'liquid' means. Liquidity refers to how easily an asset can be converted to cash. More liquid = more easily converted to cash, less liquid, less so. Any kind of exit load is going to make an asset less liquid due to the penalties associated with making the sale. So, the whole point of liquid funds is to give people the option of selling quickly if they need to. Since an exit load is meant to discourage this behavior, liquid funds tend not to have one. The point isn't what the financial institution 'gets', it's about offering a service to clients with a particular investment need.
Well, you should have something that you are passionate about, but you don't necessarily need to choose a coverage right away. Many enter as generalists for IB, buy side and sell side.  However, if you are going to create a buy side report, you should tailor it to what sectors or criteria the firm selects from. If the firm you are talking to invests in consumer staples, energy and financials, a tech buy side report makes little sense.  At the same time, if they are interested in tech, try and narrow it down. Are they interested in tech mfg such as chips or electronics? Or are they interested in internet companies, service firms, BPOs, etc?
Being paid for content is not the same as being paid for work though. Being paid for work is to be paid for the hours spent thinking about, experimenting, recording and producing the song as well as other costs attached to it. Being granted a monopoly over a specific combination of bits and bytes is something completely different.
There is a shortcut you can use when calculating federal estimated taxes.  Some states may allow the same type of estimation, but I know at least one (my own--Illinois) that does not. The shortcut: you can completely base your estimated taxes for this year on last year's tax return and avoid any underpayment penalty.  A quick summary can be found here (emphasis mine): If your prior year Adjusted Gross Income was $150,000 or less, then   you can avoid a penalty if you pay either 90 percent of this year's   income tax liability or 100 percent of your income tax liability from   last year (dividing what you paid last year into four quarterly   payments). This rule helps if you have a big spike in income one year,   say, because you sell an investment for a huge gain or win the   lottery. If wage withholding for the year equals the amount of tax you   owed in the previous year, then you wouldn't need to pay estimated   taxes, no matter how much extra tax you owe on your windfall. Note that this does not mean you will not owe money when you file your return next April; this shortcut ensures that you pay at least the minimum allowed to avoid penalty. You can see this for yourself by filling out the worksheet on form 1040ES.  Line 14a is what your expected tax this year will be, based on your estimated income.  Line 14b is your total tax from last year, possibly with some other modifications.  Line 14c then asks you to take the lesser of the two numbers.  So even if your expected tax this year is one million dollars, you can still base your estimated payments on last year's tax.
We have been offering Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert Routing and Switching training from the past few years. The course includes class room coaching as well as practical classes. The institute has well equipped labs and spacious class rooms to enable the students to learn peacefully. The training center is also well equipped with hundreds of books on Cisco certification exams. Students can make best use of these books and classes to prepare for the certification exams.
Market orders can be reasonably safe when dealing with stocks that are rather liquid and have quite low volatility. But it's important to note that you're trading a large degree of control over your buy / sell price for a small benefit in speed or complexity of entering an order. I always use limit orders as they help me guard against unexpected moves of the stock. Patience and attention to details are good qualities to have as an investor.
They pay nearly $900 million per year in income taxes. Their effective rate is low because they have deferred tax assets, which means they paid more in taxes years prior in order to get a lower effective rate now. Additionally, they have a net loss carryforward, which allows a business to reduce their tax burden two years prior or up to 20 years forward after losing money.
"When you invest in an S&P500 index fund that is priced in USD, the only major risk you bear is the risk associated with the equity that comprises the index, since both the equities and the index fund are priced in USD. The fund in your question, however, is priced in EUR. For a fund like this to match the performance of the S&P500, which is priced in USD, as closely as possible, it needs to hedge against fluctuations in the EUR/USD exchange rate. If the fund simply converted EUR to USD then invested in an S&P500 index fund priced in USD, the EUR-priced fund may fail to match the USD-priced fund because of exchange rate fluctuations. Here is a simple example demonstrating why hedging is necessary. I assumed the current value of the USD-priced S&P500 index fund is 1,600 USD/share. The exchange rate is 1.3 USD/EUR. If you purchase one share of this index using EUR, you would pay 1230.77 EUR/share:  If the S&P500 increases 10% to 1760 USD/share and the exchange rate remains unchanged, the value of the your investment in the EUR fund also increases by 10% (both sides of the equation are multiplied by 1.1):  However, the currency risk comes into play when the EUR/USD exchange rate changes. Take the 10% increase in the price of the USD index occurring in tandem with an appreciation of the EUR to 1.4 USD/EUR:  Although the USD-priced index gained 10%, the appreciation of the EUR means that the EUR value of your investment is almost unchanged from the first equation. For investments priced in EUR that invest in securities priced in USD, the presence of this additional currency risk mandates the use of a hedge if the indexes are going to track. The fund you linked to uses swap contracts, which I discuss in detail below, to hedge against fluctuations in the EUR/USD exchange rate. Since these derivatives aren't free, the cost of the hedge is included in the expenses of the fund and may result in differences between the S&P500 Index and the S&P 500 Euro Hedged Index.  Also, it's important to realize that any time you invest in securities that are priced in a different currency than your own, you take on currency risk whether or not the investments aim to track indexes. This holds true even for securities that trade on an exchange in your local currency, like ADR's or GDR's. I wrote an answer that goes through a simple example in a similar fashion to the one above in that context, so you can read that for more information on currency risk in that context.  There are several ways to investors, be they institutional or individual, can hedge against currency risk. iShares offers an ETF that tracks the S&P500 Euro Hedged Index and uses a over-the-counter currency swap contract called a month forward FX contract to hedge against the associated currency risk. In these contracts, two parties agree to swap some amount of one currency for another amount of another currency, at some time in the future. This allows both parties to effectively lock in an exchange rate for a given time period (a month in the case of the iShares ETF) and therefore protect themselves against exchange rate fluctuations in that period.  There are other forms of currency swaps, equity swaps, etc. that could be used to hedge against currency risk. In general, two parties agree to swap one quantity, like a EUR cash flow, payments of a fixed interest rate, etc. for another quantity, like a USD cash flow, payments based on a floating interest rate, etc. In many cases these are over-the-counter transactions, there isn't necessarily a standardized definition.  For example, if the European manager of a fund that tracks the S&P500 Euro Hedged Index is holding euros and wants to lock in an effective exchange rate of 1.4 USD/EUR (above the current exchange rate), he may find another party that is holding USD and wants to lock in the respective exchange rate of 0.71 EUR/USD. The other party could be an American fund manager that manages a USD-price fund that tracks the FTSE. By swapping USD and EUR, both parties can, at a price, lock in their desired exchange rates.  I want to clear up something else in your question too. It's not correct that the ""S&P 500 is completely unrelated to the Euro."" Far from it. There are many cases in which the EUR/USD exchange rate and the level of the S&P500 index could be related. For example: Troublesome economic news in Europe could cause the euro to depreciate against the dollar as European investors flee to safety, e.g. invest in Treasury bills. However, this economic news could also cause US investors to feel that the global economy won't recover as soon as hoped, which could affect the S&P500.  If the euro appreciated against the dollar, for whatever reason, this could increase profits for US businesses that earn part of their profits in Europe. If a US company earns 1 million EUR and the exchange rate is 1.3 USD/EUR, the company earns 1.3 million USD. If the euro appreciates against the dollar to 1.4 USD/EUR in the next quarter and the company still earns 1 million EUR, they now earn 1.4 million USD. Even without additional sales, the US company earned a higher USD profit, which is reflected on their financial statements and could increase their share price (thus affecting the S&P500). Combining examples 1 and 2, if a US company earns some of its profits in Europe and a recession hits in the EU, two things could happen simultaneously. A) The company's sales decline as European consumers scale back their spending, and B) the euro depreciates against the dollar as European investors sell euros and invest in safer securities denominated in other currencies (USD or not). The company suffers a loss in profits both from decreased sales and the depreciation of the EUR.  There are many more factors that could lead to correlation between the euro and the S&P500, or more generally, the European and American economies. The balance of trade, investor and consumer confidence, exposure of banks in one region to sovereign debt in another, the spread of asset/mortgage-backed securities from US financial firms to European banks, companies, municipalities, etc. all play a role.  One example of this last point comes from this article, which includes an interesting line: Among the victims of America’s subprime crisis are eight municipalities in Norway, which lost a total of $125 million through subprime mortgage-related investments. Long story short, these municipalities had mortgage-backed securities in their investment portfolios that were derived from, far down the line, subprime mortgages on US homes. I don't know the specific cities, but it really demonstrates how interconnected the world's economies are when an American family's payment on their subprime mortgage in, say, Chicago, can end up backing a derivative investment in the investment portfolio of, say, Hammerfest, Norway."
"&gt; And you get this Medicare ""issue"" from Vox whom you, yourself, say ""Vox does spin things left"".  Allowing Medicare Part-D negotiate drug prices has long been my litmus test of swamp politics.  It puts the free market and lower drug prices against corporate profits and it is disturbing how many politicians choose the latter.  When President Trump brought up the issue I applauded and thought he could be serious about draining the swamp.  When he reversed his position it showed me he embodied the swamp.  I chose the Vox article when deciding how to present this issue to you because I thought it did a good job explaining how big of a backstab this reversal was to the American people.  The articles of this meeting from conservative media ignored the flip-flop and painted more money going to the pharmaceutical companies as a win.  I do not agree this is a very gray topic.  I think this clearly shows President Trump will choose to help the rich despite claiming to do the opposite.  &gt; And Medicare Part-D issue was not dealt at all by Obama in 8 years, am I right?  And there you go again thinking you can point to Obama and be proven right.  I know you think Obama was terrible.  Pointing out that President Trump is better than terrible isn't high praise.  &gt; Ok!!!! Please find me something significant that Trump did that you don't like.  All right, another one of my pet issues is global warming.  I worked for the National Center for Atmospheric Research for seven years and decided to use the time to research both sides of the issue.  There was no comparison.  What I found was the scientists had multiple studies using different approaches with solid science and similar conclusions backed by decades of data.  The skeptics had cherry-picked data, specious reasoning, misrepresentation of the work of others, and often had direct financial ties to big oil.  Today I know of no valid evidence that the planet is not warming or that humans are not responsible.  This makes this issue into another litmus test for me.  If you seek the truth then you will learn that global warming is a real and a serious threat.  If someone claims its a hoax, unsettled science, not human caused, or not much danger then either that person misleading you to push an agenda or is listening to people who are.  Citizen Trump called global warming a Chinese hoax several years ago but I was willing to give him a chance to surround himself with people who actually knew the science.  Since becoming president he has appointed a climate change denier to head the EPA and much of his cabinet, doubled down on coal, oil, and gas mining and pipelines, pulled out of the Paris Accords, cut funding for climate studies, banned government scientists from speaking about the issue publicly, and rolled back regulations that would require or encourage reductions in greenhouse gas emissions.  Once again this issue shows me that President Trump is ignoring what the scientists are saying and what is best for our country long term and embracing policies that will make more money for the wealthy."
&gt;They compensate me fairly  This may be why you bear no ill will as most here probably cannot say the same.  I know I certainly cant, I am shorted almost 50% of the market rate for others in the same field.  The bitch of it is if I left for a year and came back, they probably would pay me that difference, maybe even more.  Makes no fucking sense.
"I know, that's why there is no such thing as a ""pure, unadulterated free market"". Information flows, and it is often in the interest of those who make the big bucks that can be interrupted long enough, so that more money can be made out of the asymmetry.  As for finance, a lot of what was going on in unregulated markets in the 00's contributed to the spectacular crash later."
"GRAS is a lot different from ""determined to be safe for consumption""     The former is a specific category of food additives and ingredients, the latter is based out of your conjecture and paranoia, especially comparing it with trans fats.  At worst, the soy leghemoglobin is a potential allergen.     If the impossible burger weren't ""safe for consumption,"" you wouldn't be able to buy it."
"The question you should be asking yourself is this: ""Why am I putting money into a 401(k)?"" For many people, the answer is to grow a (large) nest egg and save for future retirement expenses. Investors are balancing risk and potential reward, so the asset categories you're putting your 401(k) contribution towards will be a reflection on how much risk you're willing to take. Per a US News & World Report article: Ultimately, investors would do well to remember one of the key tenants   of investing: diversify. The narrower you are with your investments,   the greater your risk, says Vanguard's Bruno: ""[Diversification]   doesn't ensure against a loss, but it does help lessen a significant   loss."" Generally, investing in your employer's stock in your 401(k) is considered very risk. In fact, one Forbes columnist recommends not putting any money into company stock. FINRA notes: Simply stated, if you put too many eggs in one basket, you can expose yourself to significant risk. In financial terms, you are under-diversified: you have too much of   your holdings tied to a single investment—your company's stock.   Investing heavily in company stock may seem like a good thing when   your company and its stock are doing well. But many companies   experience fluctuations in both operational performance and stock   price. Not only do you expose yourself to the risk that the stock   market as a whole could flounder, but you take on a lot of company   risk, the risk that an individual firm—your company—will falter or   fail. In simpler terms, if you invest a large portion of your 401(k) funds into company stock, if your company runs into trouble, you could lose both your job AND your retirement investments. For the other investment assets/vehicles, you should review a few things: Personally, I prefer to keep my portfolio simple and just pick just a few options based on my own risk tolerance. From your fund examples, without knowing specifics about your financial situation and risk tolerance, I would have created a portfolio that looks like this when I was in my 20's: I avoided the bond and income/money market funds because the growth potential is too low for my investing horizon. Like some of the other answers have noted, the Target Date funds invest in other funds and add some additional fee overhead, which I'm trying to avoid by investing primarily in index funds. Again, your risk tolerance and personal preference might result in a completely different portfolio mix."
As a developer in a former life, I would not even get out of bed for $50 an hour. My normal charge out rate for ANY computer work at all is $100/hour + 15% tax. Don't want to pay that much? Find someone else.   I never ever had anyone ever try to negotiate a deal, and I only ever worked on an hourly basis. And only when it suited me.  I struggle to understand how anyone could ever accept any kind of coding job for $15 an hour - *even if they lived in India*.
"**Lowes Foods**  Lowes Foods is a grocery store chain based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The chain's initial growth was in the mountains of North Carolina and rural areas of Virginia, but, starting in the late 1990s, has geared expansion towards metropolitan areas in North and South Carolina.  Until October 4, 2009, Lowes Foods used S&amp;H Greenpoints on their store discount card; this was replaced with ""Fresh Rewards"" on October 5. Many of Lowes Foods stores also offer Lowes Foods to Go, where shoppers can order groceries online and drive to the store to pick them up.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot/)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.22"
"You can (and definitely should) withdraw any part of the contribution that will put you over the contribution limit.  You can (and should if you need to) withdraw to repay any medical payments you made from outside the account.  You can (but should avoid at all costs) withdraw (distribute) from the HSA for non-medical reasons. Here's the IRS publication which covers this:  https://www.irs.gov/publications/p969 Here's the bit about distributions that covers what you're trying to do: You can receive tax-free distributions from your HSA to pay or be reimbursed for qualified medical expenses you incur after you establish the HSA. If you receive distributions for other reasons, the amount you withdraw will be subject to income tax and may be subject to an additional 20% tax. You don’t have to make distributions from your HSA each year.  It is better to pay from your checking and reimburse than to over-fund the HSA.  Best route forward is to reduce your contributions for the rest of the year, especially if continuing them will cause excess contributions.  Another nasty gotcha: Excess contributions.     You will have excess contributions if the contributions to your HSA for the year are greater than the limits discussed earlier. Excess contributions aren’t deductible. Excess contributions made by your employer are included in your gross income. If the excess contribution isn’t included in box 1 of Form W-2, you must report the excess as ""Other income"" on your tax return. Generally, you must pay a 6% excise tax on excess contributions. See Form 5329, Additional Taxes on Qualified Plans (Including IRAs) and Other Tax-Favored Accounts, to figure the excise tax. The excise tax applies to each tax year the excess contribution remains in the account.  You may withdraw some or all of the excess contributions and avoid paying the excise tax on the amount withdrawn if you meet the following conditions.  •You withdraw the excess contributions by the due date, including extensions, of your tax return for the year the contributions were made. •You withdraw any income earned on the withdrawn contributions and include the earnings in ""Other income"" on your tax return for the year you withdraw the contributions and earnings. If you will not be over your maximum contribution, let the contribution ride.  Make sure your HSA balance is divided between cash, stock fund, bond fund.  Much like your 401k.  Because the part that you don't spend on medical expenses this year can be spent in future years' medical expenses, and if you have anything left when you retire you can spend it on whatever you want.  And the funds, including growth, are not taxed until you distribute them. Bottom line:  if the funds will not cause excess contribution, leave them in.  Otherwise, take them out as soon as possible."
Michael Bach Atlanta, who began his finance career nearly sixteen years ago as the CEO of a small-cap private equity firm, founded Scirage just ahead of the nations financial crisis,that there were virtually no African American asset managers at all. “I’ve always know that there were limited numbers of African American’s in the finance industry
"I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/libertarian] [Senator Richard Blumenthal believes that american small business owners are ""outliers"" who should be ""prosecuted""](https://np.reddit.com/r/Libertarian/comments/72732b/senator_richard_blumenthal_believes_that_american/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)"
You can be assured of our professional service and many smiles on your special day. Because Your search ends here, At Vamos paella, we understand that a delicious food is always of primary focus in paella parties. We have created three enticing menus that will allow you to combine paella with tapas, salads, breads, salsa and desserts. Of course, this menu can be customized to cater for your vegetarian, pescatarians and non vegitarian friends alike. Get innovative and offer tasty treats to accompany paella. This could be in form of desserts, appetizers or even entrees. Checkout our site: http://forum.waternz.org.nz/profile.php?mode=viewprofile&amp;u=905
It's slightly more insidious than that. These days we're finding out how to make games in such a way as to maximise profit. Not by making the games more fun or entertaining but by abusing the flaws in human psychology.  They are also designed in such a way as to incentivise these extra purchases. When it says in the article you can buy quicker progress through the game and a lot of people like it, it's because they've artificially slowed down the normal progress in the game. They've deliberately broken the product so you'll pay to fix it.  From a business ethics point of view there's nothing wrong in this but it makes a lot of people in the industry uneasy.
Or it could be that Uber's model is not sustainable and preys on the ignorance and precarious situation of people. That the driver burn rate is a good indication of an unreasonable pay. And we're not even touching the fact that drivers are pretty uninsured (yes I know about the 1 million coverage Uber provides. It's a supplementary coverage, meaning you first have to submit claim through your own insurance first).
And that's what I'm getting at, it's like an 8th grader failing a class. It's not great but we don't write the kid off as a failure and kick him out of school. There is a lot of schooling left and chances are he will get his diploma.   there is plenty of time for them to pass something. And chances are you will see something get passed when they start to run up against a sort of deadline that could prevent them from passing it at all. And that deadline is like what? Next November at the earliest?
Now, whilst you recognize how beneficial a power bank institution is, it is pertinent to figure out how to choose a strength bank that high-quality suits your device and requirements for the cell phone. The maximum important element is to test the battery size of your cellular cell phone or tablet and compare it with the potential of the power bank institution. The ability of a power bank has to be at least the same as the battery length. This selection basis will make sure which you pick out a strength bank, which gives you minimal 1-complete charge in your cellular telephone. Another vital thing that should be taken into consideration whilst buying energy bank online is its type. Each kind plays in another way and accordingly, you should pick out the one that high-quality fits your requirements.
Let's see... do you have other options?  I have no idea since you didn't list those details.  Doesn't sound like you've applied for anything.  So, if you don't have other options, then yes, you should accept it.  That's just common sense.  If you don't have other options and you turn it down... well, you deserve whatever happens to you.
Canada, like other second-rate economies with weak currencies, provides USD accounts.  It is not the same vice versa.  It is rare to find a direct deposit foreign currency account in the US as it is the world-leading currency.
&gt;the broad consensus is that there's an elasticity of somewhere between -0.05 and -0.2  I think an even broader consensus is that impact of minimum wage hikes is [highly non-linear](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/coep.12175/pdf) as you increase the real wage cutoff. Going from $8 to $10 an hour might be a net positive for the low income group, but as you go from $10 to $12 or $12 to $14, the job loss effects will start to overpower the wage gain effects.
"The professional financial advisors do have tools which will take a general description of a portfolio and run monte-carlo simulations based on the stock market's historical behavior. After about 100 simulation passes they can give a statistical statement about the probable returns, the risk involved in that strategy, and their confidence in these numbers.  Note that they do not just use the historical data or individual stocks. There's no way to guarantee that the same historical accidents would have occurred that made one company more successful than another, or that they will again. ""Past performance is no guarantee of future results""... but general trends and patterns can be roughly modelled. Which makes that a good fit for those of us buying index funds, less good for those who want to play at a greater level of detail in the hope of doing better. But that's sorta the point; to beat market rate of return with the same kind of statistical confidence takes a lot more work."
In addition to all the complete sample plans, Business plan includes example content for every text item in your business plan. Browse through a few examples to get an idea how others he worded their Executive Summary, for instance. Find an good that really works for you? One click adds it right into your plan. Then you can personalize it to fit your business and business management are best tips.
There was this /r/offmychest post yesterday from a person claiming to work for a large investment bank as part of their default risk modelling team. The poster claims that the commercial and real estate lending divisions have been fudging numbers regarding default risks due to a lack of oversight and a bunch of bad commercial loans are about to become due. They further claim that a rise in interest rates could prevent many commercial properties from being able to properly ~~finance~~ refinance their loan. Here is the post: https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/77a1vw/i_work_in_bankingfinance_risk_management_i_am/. Any one have any thoughts?            I also found this link on the Mises blog (though it is a year old) that discusses how delinquency rates on commercial and industry loans have been steadily rising since bottoming out in 2015: https://mises.org/blog/delinquency-rates-rising-new-crisis-approaching. Could be something to keep an eye on. I would love to see some more updated data on delinquency.
Now i want to get this money in my new UK bank account, does this mean that gov will take taxes from this money as well. Yes that is income and you have to pay tax on that. But it might be a bit complicated than that, so I would ask you to call up HMRC or visit an accountant or maybe ask the finance people of your employer. Also one of my family members send us money every few months and will send to this bank from now on, does taxes also apply on this? See the HMRC page about capital gains tax on gifts: You won't have to pay Capital Gains Tax when you give a gift to your   husband, wife or civil partner - as long as both of the following   apply: It's useful to keep a note of what the asset cost you. Your spouse or   civil partner may need this to work out their Capital Gains Tax when   they dispose of the asset. Example: Mr B lives with his wife and gives her an antique table that   he bought for £12,000 in 2003. Mrs B spends £500 restoring the table,   eventually selling it for £20,000.  Her total costs are £12,500 (£500 plus Mr B's original cost £12,000). Mrs B's   gain is £7,500 (£20,000 less £12,500). When you make a gift to a family member or other person you're   connected with, you'll need to work out the gain or loss. This doesn't   apply to gifts you make to your spouse or civil partner. This also applies if you dispose of an asset to them in any other way   - for example, you sell it to them for a low price. A 'connected person' in this context is someone such as your brother,   sister, child, parent, grandparent, mother-in-law or business partner.   Follow the link below for more information about connected people and   Capital Gains Tax. You must get a valuation of the asset at the time you made the gift.   Use this value in place of any amount you received for the asset to   work out your gain or loss. If you gave the asset away, then of course   the amount you received for it will be nothing. If you make a loss you can only deduct the loss from gains you make on   gifts or other disposals to the same person.
is that the touch one with the qwerty pad? I have a thing for blackberries....I recently bought a motorola that broke instantly after a bike ride and motorola refuses to abide by the warranty, they actually went so far to void it completely for my model.  So, back in the market for another bb...i just wish they'd get their act together and throw together something sleek and with tons of support.
So this is actually why I never went back to my old job at a movie theater. No one could work more than 32 hours a week or they would have to offer us insurance. I needed the 40 hours a week to pay for rent and food so I never went back. This isn't something new but people might just be bringing it up to blame Obama before the election.
"I was thinking more of a limit on the TOTAL # of patents (something fairly small, like maybe 10,000 total patents are allowed to be valid at any given moment in time), so that patent applications from multiple sources have to be somehow compared with each other to decide which would provide more societal-benefit by being allowed patent status.  If you want to take the government (mostly) out of the picture, then maybe use an auction format - when a valid patent ""slot"" becomes available (due to a previously-granted patent expiring, or being invalidated due to court challenge), then anyone who wants their idea to get patent rights submits their application to an ""auction"" for that slot.  Then the people who want to OWN the patent rights to any of those submitted ideas will bid for them. Whoever pays the top bid will get the patent rights for the concepts in the specific application they were targeting.  This will force the people who are doing the bidding to basically do the ""due diligence"" on each patent application (instead of depending on the patent examiners), since they will not want to pay a lot of money to get the patent rights for an idea, only to have that patent's value be destroyed by being declared invalid in court.  If you want to encourage small inventors to throw their hat into the ring, then set things up so that the money from the winning bid goes to the inventor who submitted the original application. This way, you get the best of both worlds - the inventor gets compensated (handsomely in most cases) for their good idea, and the idea being patented gets into the hands of someone with enough resources to exploit the idea in a broad scale."
Ever been to a city council meeting?  The craziest people are the loudest.  On Reddit they get downvoted into oblivion (well, unless they're the *right* kind of crazy), but in other online fora there's nobody to say that they're stupid and wrong.
I don't think that you totally get it.  From the article: &gt;What if you created a website that printed out emails, texts or photos from your computer, Facebook or Instagram and mailed them for you in the plain white envelopes these institutions favored?
Echoing Justkt, different approaches will work for different couples.  It also depends on your background, life experience, age, maturity.... Irrespective of the structure, any agreement must be based on a thorough understanding of the mechanism by which responsibility and accountability is apportioned. As in any financial relationship, when money is plentiful and covers all ends, then conflict hardly ever arises.  Problems only turn up when money vanishes. Business contracts are written with a view to such conflicts and agreements within a marriage must be equatable and based on a shared understanding. So, don't worry too much about the structure.  Think about thinkgs like the following: In other words, given that income between spouses is likely to be unbalanced, how do you manage this within a caring relationship so that neither feels like a charity case, a social worker, or dependent? There will not be one clear answer except that open and honest discussion on an ongoing bases can only serve to strengthen your relationship.
It is allowed to transfer money between ISAs however you like in one year.  It does not count against the limit for how much you can pay into an ISA in a year, nor does it count as paying into two ISAs in the same year.  But make sure you transfer the money.  Don't withdraw it, then pay it into a new ISA. If your provider doesn't like you taking money out of one ISA while keeping another, then it's about time you found another provider.
Growth is how well the investment will grow on average.   In the long term, this is a sure thing.  Volatility is how much the value will jerk up and down in the short term.   Do you want both... Or neither?  When are you going to use the money? If it's IRA money you can't touch for 30 years, it really ought to be in the market, since growth is hugely important, and volatility is not a big concern. You're in it for the very long game, and volatility will average out, leaving pure growth.  If the market drops 25% in 6 months, who cares?  Stocks go up, stocks go down. It has 29 years to recover, and it will.   If you are planning to buy a house in 6 months, you want that money in something like a CD, because volatility could be devastating: an untimely 25% drop in stock price could really, really suck.
The problem is, we already have an ID with a number attached to it.  Except, even there getting a new ID number doesn't help much.  Because, in many cases the business will happily take the old number as well.  In other words, it's not a problem with the SSN so much as it is that institutions validation and the fact that proving fraud is left to the victim.  If, instead, the financial institution had to prove everything, we would have multiple layers of security.  Of course, at that point Equifax et al would not exist in its current form.  Cryptographic tokens work reasonably well that it's something in someone's possession, and can be put into ID cards pretty easily.  The problem is, you can't put them on forms.
But which effect is larger, short-term stupidity or long-term rationality? Investors may repeatedly make this mistake and forever affect FACE's price because of FB's actions. Maybe the fools who confused FB and FACE last month have learned their lessons, but the market provides an inexhaustible supply of fools.
This is the interesting part.  If one reads between the lines it seems that they used bots to upvote posts.  This violated their (reddit) TOS.  Evidence dammit, we need proof.  (We've got  our pitchforks ready)   I'm all for protecting the voting system.  I think it would be interesting to see data that shows this seo/spamy behavior.
"One thing recessions do is sort out market inefficiencies.  Often that means re-directing people who are in jobs they can't  do properly into other career fields.    During the dot-com boom, tons of people with liberal arts degrees and no experience wound up as ""software engineers"".  Not all of them sucked, but many did, and the dot-com crash sorted that out.  As an engineer, I saw this first hand, and it wasn't a bad thing -- I had a lot of co-workers in 2000 who weren't pulling their weight.  This is going to sound heartless, and maybe it is, but if someone has been unemployed 3 years, maybe it is time for a career change.    Your tax credit idea is only going to penalize businesses for operating efficiently, penalize the productively employeed, and cost the government in revenue.  Also, tax incentives rarely have the impact they're designed to have and there are always unitended consequences.  Large businesses exploit them, small businesse get abused by them.  If we want to see job growth, tax codes need to get simpler, not more complex."
St. John's Church, Richmond, Virginia March 23, 1775.  MR. PRESIDENT: No man thinks more highly than I do of the patriotism, as well as abilities, of the very worthy gentlemen who have just addressed the House. But different men often see the same subject in different lights; and, therefore, I hope it will not be thought disrespectful to those gentlemen if, entertaining as I do, opinions of a character very opposite to theirs, I shall speak forth my sentiments freely, and without reserve. This is no time for ceremony. The question before the House is one of awful moment to this country. For my own part, I consider it as nothing less than a question of freedom or slavery; and in proportion to the magnitude of the subject ought to be the freedom of the debate. It is only in this way that we can hope to arrive at truth, and fulfil the great responsibility which we hold to God and our country. Should I keep back my opinions at such a time, through fear of giving offence, I should consider myself as guilty of treason towards my country, and of an act of disloyalty toward the majesty of heaven, which I revere above all earthly kings.  Mr. President, it is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of hope. We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth, and listen to the song of that siren till she transforms us into beasts. Is this the part of wise men, engaged in a great and arduous struggle for liberty? Are we disposed to be of the number of those who, having eyes, see not, and, having ears, hear not, the things which so nearly concern their temporal salvation? For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to know the whole truth; to know the worst, and to provide for it.  I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided; and that is the lamp of experience. I know of no way of judging of the future but by the past. And judging by the past, I wish to know what there has been in the conduct of the British ministry for the last ten years, to justify those hopes with which gentlemen have been pleased to solace themselves, and the House? Is it that insidious smile with which our petition has been lately received? Trust it not, sir; it will prove a snare to your feet. Suffer not yourselves to be betrayed with a kiss. Ask yourselves how this gracious reception of our petition comports with these war-like preparations which cover our waters and darken our land. Are fleets and armies necessary to a work of love and reconciliation? Have we shown ourselves so unwilling to be reconciled, that force must be called in to win back our love? Let us not deceive ourselves, sir. These are the implements of war and subjugation; the last arguments to which kings resort. I ask, gentlemen, sir, what means this martial array, if its purpose be not to force us to submission? Can gentlemen assign any other possible motive for it? Has Great Britain any enemy, in this quarter of the world, to call for all this accumulation of navies and armies? No, sir, she has none. They are meant for us; they can be meant for no other. They are sent over to bind and rivet upon us those chains which the British ministry have been so long forging. And what have we to oppose to them? Shall we try argument? Sir, we have been trying that for the last ten years. Have we anything new to offer upon the subject? Nothing. We have held the subject up in every light of which it is capable; but it has been all in vain. Shall we resort to entreaty and humble supplication? What terms shall we find which have not been already exhausted? Let us not, I beseech you, sir, deceive ourselves. Sir, we have done everything that could be done, to avert the storm which is now coming on. We have petitioned; we have remonstrated; we have supplicated; we have prostrated ourselves before the throne, and have implored its interposition to arrest the tyrannical hands of the ministry and Parliament. Our petitions have been slighted; our remonstrances have produced additional violence and insult; our supplications have been disregarded; and we have been spurned, with contempt, from the foot of the throne. In vain, after these things, may we indulge the fond hope of peace and reconciliation. There is no longer any room for hope. If we wish to be free² if we mean to preserve inviolate those inestimable privileges for which we have been so long contending²if we mean not basely to abandon the noble struggle in which we have been so long engaged, and which we have pledged ourselves never to abandon until the glorious object of our contest shall be obtained, we must fight! I repeat it, sir, we must fight! An appeal to arms and to the God of Hosts is all that is left us!  They tell us, sir, that we are weak; unable to cope with so formidable an adversary. But when shall we be stronger? Will it be the next week, or the next year? Will it be when we are totally disarmed, and when a British guard shall be stationed in every house? Shall we gather strength by irresolution and inaction? Shall we acquire the means of effectual resistance, by lying supinely on our backs, and hugging the delusive phantom of hope, until our enemies shall have bound us hand and foot? Sir, we are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of nature hath placed in our power. Three millions of people, armed in the holy cause of liberty, and in such a country as that which we possess, are invincible by any force which our enemy can send against us. Besides, sir, we shall not fight our battles alone. There is a just God who presides over the destinies of nations; and who will raise up friends to fight our battles for us. The battle, sir, is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, sir, we have no election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now too late to retire from the contest. There is no retreat but in submission and slavery! Our chains are forged! Their clanking may be heard on the plains of Boston! The war is inevitable²and let it come! I repeat it, sir, let it come.  It is in vain, sir, to extenuate the matter. Gentlemen may cry, Peace, Peace²but there is no peace. The war is actually begun! The next gale that sweeps from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death!  This speech is the best response I can give.
"Hi, ""guy"" here! This was me. I think we have a PNC shill on our hands. Anyway, slrrp you're missing the point, I was called and asked specifically about why I'm buying bitcoin and was then told that PNC wants nothing to do with bitcoin. That is news. Me refusing to answer the question is not news, it is not about the response from me or them, it's about the initial impetus to call me."
It won't hurt your credit rating. I wouldn't worry about it. The company can certainly pursue debt collections across borders but unless its a massive sum.. they will write it off. Now.. what the right thing to do is to take care of it... 1. for karma's sake and 2. so you don't make a bad name for foreigners.
"You can't individually have 100% ownership if the 50/50 LLC is the owner of the new business; however, you can be allocated 100% of the profits and losses from the new business with the 50/50 LLC as owner of said business.  It requires a new LLC operating agreement that specially allocates profits and losses from the new business to you.  There is one catch under the Treasury Regs, the special allocation to you must have ""substantial economic effect"".  See Treasury Regulation (26 CFR) Section 1.704-1. http://www.medlawplus.com/library/legal/irsrulings/treareg1704-1.htm"
"Yes you can do the withdraw if you turned 55 during the year you separated from service. http://www.401khelpcenter.com/401k_education/Early_Dist_Options.html#.VdMrqPlVhBc Leaving Your Job On or After Age 55 The age 59½ distribution rule says any 401k participant may begin to withdraw money from his or her plan after reaching the age of 59½ without having to pay a 10 percent early withdrawal penalty. There is an exception to that rule, however, which allows an employee who retires, quits or is fired at age 55 to withdraw without penalty from their 401k (the ""rule of 55""). There are three key points early retirees need to know. First, this exception applies if you leave your job at any time during the calendar year in which you turn 55, or later, according to IRS Publication 575. Second, if you still have money in the plan of a former employer and assuming you weren't at least age 55 when you left that employer, you'll have to wait until age 59½ to start taking withdrawals without penalty. Better yet, get any old 401k's rolled into your current 401k before you retire from your current job so that you will have access to these funds penalty free. Third, this exception only applies to funds withdrawn from a 401k. IRAs operate until different rules, so if you retire and roll money into an IRA from your 401k before age 59½, you will lose this exception on those dollars."
I believe we already do? We have subsidies and stuff to entice companies to move to certain cities for example. Also the defense companies are still businesses in the end. I used to work at one for what it's worth.  But sure if it somehow makes a difference instead of businesses we can fund infrastructure projects, public transportation, education, or really anything else that benefits society in a more direct way.
Credit is very important even if you are wealthy. One thing you may not realize is that rich people typically have comparatively little cash on hand.  If they're smart, most of their assets are not liquid - they're tied up in safe, long-term investments.  They use credit for their day-to-day expenses and pay it off from the dividends on their investments (which might only come in once a quarter). There are also tax advantages to using credit.  If a rich person wanted a new car, he'd be smarter leasing it for his business (immediate write-off of the lease payments on taxes) versus buying it (depreciation over several years plus property tax liability in some states).  There are more elaborate tax dodges but the point is that buying a car outright is the worst option in terms of tax avoidance. Another way the rich (mis) use credit is so that they don't risk their own money on business ventures.  Let's say I have $1,000,000 in my personal bank account, and I want to buy a business that costs $1M.  If I am dumb, I clean out my bank account and put all my money in the business.  I get 100% of the profits, but I also bear 100% of the risk.  If I'm smart, I loan 200K of my own money in the business and put the rest someplace safe, and get a loan from a bank for the other 800K.  If the business succeeds, the bank gets their money back plus interest.  If it fails, the business declares bankruptcy and the bank eats the 800k loss. If I structured the debt right, my personal loan to the failed business gets paid back first when the company is liquidated, and the bank gets whatever is left over (if anything).  The most of my own money I can possibly lose is 200k, and probably it's closer to zero if I have a good accountant.
"Since doodle77 handled arbitrage, I'll take goodwill.  Goodwill is an accounting term that acts much like a ""plug"" account: you add/subtract to it the amount that makes everything balance.  In the case of goodwill, it generally only applies to mergers &amp; acquisitions.  The theory (and justification) is this: firms buy other firms at prices other than the market price (usually higher), and it is assumed that this is because the acquirer values its acquisition more than other people do.  But whether you use historical prices or market prices when you add (subtract) assets and liabilities to to (from) your balance sheet, this will never add up, because you paid more (less) than the assets are worth in the market, so more (less) cash flowed out than assets flowed in.  The difference goes into the goodwill account, so firms with a large goodwill account are ones that have made lots of acquisitions."
u just dont understand how econoics work.  private debt was over 41 trillion dollars while public debt was a mere 8 trillion in 2008.   giving pple money to spend will stimulate the private sector of the ecnomy to recover, and m2 will grow and generate much more lasting revenue for govt.    you pple just dont understand anything.
You don't.  When you get to Japan, use your ATM card to withdraw local currency.  My bank (ETrade) doesn't charge me int'l fees.
"As an exercise, I want to give this a shot.  I'm not involved in a firm that cares about liquidity so all this stuff is outside my purview.  As I understand it, it goes something like this: buy side fund puts an order to the market as a whole (all or most possibly exchanges).  HFTs see that order hit the first exchange but have connectivity to exchanges further down the pipe that is faster than the buy side fund.  They immediately send their own order in, which reaches exchanges and executes before the buy side fund's order can.  They immediately put up an ask, and buy side fund's order hits that ask and is filled (I guess I'm assuming the order was a market order from the beginning).  This is in effect the HFT front running the buy side fund.    Is this accurate?  Even if true, whether I have a genuine issue with this... I'm not sure.  Has anyone on the ""pro-HFT"" side written a solid rebuttal to Lewis and Katsuyama that has solid research behind it?"
Expecting accurate accounting in a war-zone is unrealistic. Money is used to buy loyality that would be lost if it got out that they had accepted infidel invader's money. Secrets are a characteristic of all wars.  Expecting accurate accounting in a wallstreet investment firm is completely reasonable.
You really have no idea what you're talking about right now. You jump to nonsensical conclusions.  Wages in the US can not support the economy. Until you can accept that I know I'm dealing with someone who believes ideology over reality.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://news.ehealthinsurance.com/news/affordable-care-act-health-insurance-will-be-unaffordable-in-2018-for-many-middle-income-american-families-ehealth-analysis-shows) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The Affordable Care Act considers health insurance to be &amp;quot;Unaffordable&amp;quot; when annual premiums for the lowest-priced plan in a market cost more than 8.16% of a household&amp;#039;s modified adjusted gross income.  &gt; eHealth, Inc. owns eHealth.com, a leading private online health insurance exchange where individuals, families and small businesses can compare health insurance products from brand-name insurers side by side and purchase and enroll in coverage online and over the phone.  &gt; eHealth offers thousands of individual, family and small business health plans underwritten by many of the nation&amp;#039;s leading health insurance companies.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/73ecm7/ehealthcom_has_just_published_a_new_study_that/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~219483 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **plan**^#1 **health**^#2 **insurance**^#3 **eHealth**^#4 **City**^#5"
Ad-based business model is the hands down best way to go. Imagine an internet where you had to make micropayments to every website you visited. It is just not viable.  The thing is, there are proper and improper ways to do ads. A banner ad? A text ad? Fine. Whatever.  An noisy, seizure inducing ad? Gross. A 30-second video ad to watch a Youtube video? Disgusting. A website that is 90% advertising and 10% content? Worthless.
I suspect you were downvoted because you wanted to increase the size of the pie rather than argue about what percentage of it everyone gets. And the Fed is a bigger perp today than energy for wealth inequality.  Wealth creation is a far more sustainable and commonsense way to create value for the individual. Lower energy = more wealth freed up for other things.  The 1970's were the beginning of the totalitarian seizure of many areas of our economy by central planners- education, healthcare. Yes fossil fuels accelerated on their exponential cost curve but the big impacts came from gov't.
Bingo.   The problem is most people associate the warranty as “warranty vs. total replacement” ($300 now vs. $3,500 later) instead of “warranty vs. repair” ($300 now vs. potentially $300 later). The fun part is when they still charge you.   Edit: Your grandma has had the same appliances for 15+ years without needing any repairs.
Don't sit on it, because the money does not work for you. Add more money to it and buy a stock or stocks of the company.
There are non-financial costs to having a debt: you need to remember to make monthly payments, perhaps keep track of changing interest rates, be aware of conditions of the debt, archive the related paperwork. Life is simpler with fewer debts, and that has value. Of course, if the difference in interest rate is large, then that is more important and the higher interest should be paid off first. But if the difference is only half a percentage point or so, you may decide that having fewer debts is in itself worth the bit of extra interest you pay.
I haven’t looked at their financials but the fact that everyone is getting into the SmartTV box space means they have very stiff competition.  I personally have an AppleTV, FireTV, and a Roku.  I love my Roku (headphone jack in the remote FTW) however one of my most used apps recently rolled out a major update and Roku was the last of the 3 (I believe chromecast got it earlier too) to receive the update, about 3+ months after my first device got it.  If developers begin seeing Roku as a platform to develop for “when we get to it” then I see them suffering the same fate as, Windows, BlackBerry, and Amazon phones.
Even with scenario and stress testing, VaR is still rather useless.  Im sure your VaR simulator was a great piece of work but at the end of the day when things go crazy VaR as a model fails when you need it the most. Risk management in the larger banks is reporting while at funds is more active.
I think that's unreasonable. If you had read the article and clicked on the Amory Lovins link you would have seen this - an article in which he talks about there being more oil in Detroit than Saudi Arabia.  Energy + Genius The Saudi Arabia Beneath Detroit Amory Lovins, 10.09.08, 06:00 PM EDT Radical efficiency can decouple us from oil for far less than making more.
"I believe the answer is ""no"", if I remember discussion at the time correctly. A reference librarian could show you how to research this. (Undervalued resource, and they love an excuse to show people how to get the most out of a library.)"
EFA must be bought and sold in US dollars. XIN allows people to buy and sell EFA in Canadian dollars without exposing their investment to unpredictable swings in the USD/CAD ratio.  This is what's known as a currency-hedged instrument. Now, why the chart sums up to over 100% is anyone's guess.  Presumably it's the result of a couple hundred rounding errors from all the components.  If you view their most recent report, it also sums up to over 100%, but at least the EFA component is (sensibly) under 100%. P.S. I'm not seeing where it says there's only one holding.  There's the primary holding, plus over 100 other cash holdings to effect the currency-hedging.
Actually to be truth full..it was a little more.I believe 62 before closing costs.We also had to do a few repairs....However still yea it would be hard to buy the land and build for that price.Unless your in a really depressed area.
As a new graduate, aside from the fact that you seem to have the extra $193/mo to pay more towards your loan, we don't know anything else.  I wrote a lengthy article on this in response to a friend who had a loan, but was also pondering a home purchase in the future. Student Loans and Your First Mortgage discusses the math behind one's ability to put a downpayment on a house vs having that monthly cash to pay towards the mortgage. In your case, the question is whether, in 5 years, the $8500 would be best spent as a home down payment or to pay off the 6.8% loan.  If you specifically had plans toward home ownership, the timing of that plan would affect my answer here, as I discuss in the article.  The right answer to your question can only come by knowing far more of your personal situation.  Meanwhile, the plan comes at a cost. Your plan will get rid of the loan in about 5 years, but if you simply double up the payments, advising the servicing company to apply the extra to principal, it would drop to just a couple month over over 4. As you read more about personal finance, you'll find a lot of different views. Some people are fixated on having zero debt, others will focus on liquidity. In the end, you need to understand each approach and decide what's right for you.
This form is due March 15. This year, the 15th is Saturday, so the deadline is Monday March 17th.  Keep in mind, the software guys would have two choices, wait until every last form is finalized before releasing, or put the software out by late November when 80%+ are good to go.  Nothing is broken in this process. Keep in mind that there are different needs depending on the individual. I like to grab a copy in early December, and have a preliminary idea of what my return with look like. I'll also know if I'll owe so much that I should send in a quarterly tax payment.  The IRS isn't accepting any return until 1/31 I believe, so you've lost no time.  When you open the program, it usually ask to 'phone home' and update. In a couple weeks, all should be well.  (Disclosure - I have guest posted on tax issues at both TurboTax and H&R Block's blogs. The above are my own views.)
Both seem to be reasonable. To decide you need to guess if the value of the house will go up or down between now and when you sell. If you think the value will go up - reach a calculation agreement now. If you think the value will go down - wait until the house is actually sold. So ya pays yer money, and ya takes yer chances... I think I understand the two scenarios Unless you are absolutely confident that you understand both scenarios - make sure your lawyer gets involved and explains them to you until you do understand.
The point is that the starvation response is not limited to crash diets (did you read the whole article?), and is apparently permanent. If you lose a significant amount of weight by any means, your body is likely to make you feel hungry for the rest of your life. Fun...
Totally. The way they're trying out a store with no check out lines for their employees..I could see why they decided to buy Whole Foods. Just curious if they will price Whole Foods competitively with other grocers like Walmart, Kroger, etc.
Once a debt has gone to a debt collector, you have to work with the debt collector to settle your debt. Essentially, the department store sold your debt to the debt collector so they don't have to deal with it anymore. You have rights when contacted by debt collectors. You can negotiate a deal so that the amount you actually pay is lower than what you owe. It is illegal for them to quote you for a higher amount than what you actually owe! Also, they can't threaten you or pretend to be a credit bureau. Your best bet is to work with them and negotiate a better payment. Don't give up. Collectors often times purchase the debt for a very low amount, so even if you pay less than what you actually owe, the collector will still make a profit.  https://www.credit.com/debt/collections-crash-course/
Such activity is normally referred to as bartering income. From the IRS site - You must include in gross income in the year of receipt the fair market value of goods or services received from bartering. Generally, you report this income on Form 1040, Schedule C (PDF), Profit or Loss from Business (Sole Proprietorship), or Form 1040, Schedule C-EZ (PDF), Net Profit from Business (Sole Proprietorship). If you failed to report this income, correct your return by filing a Form 1040X (PDF), Amended U.S. Individual Income Tax Return. Refer to Topic 308 and Amended Returns for information on filing an amended return.
One potentially useful option to avoid the crippling tuition fees in the states is to instead get your degree abroad. Numerous European countries have very low tuition fees, even for international students. Tuition can be as low as a 1000 EUR and housing is generally also very affordable. There is of course the language barrier but many universities are oriented towards receiving international students, providing relocation assistance and offering courses in English. As a bonus, most Europeans speak excellent English and are generally quite happy to practice it so you shouldn't have any problems off-campus either. Going to the UK is an option but likely considerably more expensive than colleges in mainland Europe. This article, while written for a Nigerian audience, lists some of the most attractive options for the international student. The quality of the education is also generally very high for these colleges. As an example Belgium, one of the cheapest options in the list, has two universities ranked in the Top 100: Leuven and Ghent. Many other German, French, Dutch or Scandinavian universities figure in that list.
In general, a warrant is a security issued by a company allowing the holder to purchase a certain number of a particular class of shares at a certain price for a particular period of time.  They differ from exchange traded options (i.e. calls and puts) in that they are issued by the company that issued the underlying shares that they allow you to purchase whereas calls and puts are generally written by other investors. The other big difference between options and warrants is that options are standardized.  Any call or put you buy on a particular exchange has basically the same set of rules governing use.  By contrast, a warrant may have all kinds of stipulations that must occur before you can execute, such as price events (e.g. only if the stock hits a certain price) or business events (e.g. only if the company elects to defer payment on a bond issued at the same time as the warrant). Warrants are generally a bad choice for small and inexperienced investors since each warrant issue is different and you often need a lawyer or other qualified professional to fully understand all to possible outcomes.
It is because 17th was Friday, 18th-19th were weekends and 20th was a holiday on the Toronto Stock Exchange (Family Day). Just to confirm you could have picked up another stock trading on TMX and observed the price movements.
PWC sold off their consulting to IBM in 2002 and has been rebuilding, now makes 7.5B out of 29B from consulting  KPMG spun off their consulting as BearingPoint in 2001 and has been rebuilding E&amp;Y spun off their consulting as Capgemini in 2000 and has been rebuilding, now makes 4B out of 23B from consulting. Deloitte didn't spin off consulting and makes 8B out of 29B.  Actually, none make more from consulting than audit, but consulting is a big chunk for all the big4.
a MUST READ for business owners who wish to improve not only their business credit ratings but also their chances of qualifying for excellent credit deals later on. please read it and suggest it to all your friends, most especially to those who are currently managing small shops and stores!
Advance technology has resulted in new and different gadgets and equipments being invented on frequent basis. Mostly all of the invented gadgets or equipments need electric supply in order to function. Therefore, regular testing and tagging of such appliances, working on electricity, becomes one of the most essential needs to be considered by you.
Maybe a bit under the radar for the average/amateur investor, but I love 'em. Started trading them in college.. I love the variety of strategies one can employ, and risk management is easier (to me) than going long or short the underlying in many cases.  Pick up Hull's text on Futures, Options and Derivatives for your starter reading, then pick an economic sector that makes the most sense to you and learn it. For me, it was ag crops - corn, wheat and soybeans. Keep learning the mechanics of trading this asset class and paper trade for as long as you can.
No they wouldn't.  That's from a pure math standpoint.  People would cancel like crazy if they did this, which would probably cost them money in the long run.   EDIT:  As you can see by $NFLX stock today after MISSING projections on earnings but CRUSHING subscribers, it's all about subs, not hard cash.  My point is proven.
you either tell your financial department about them (e.g. I used to get a student's tax discount), or you file them separately. But you don't have to file anything by default.  That is a comment connected to the question.  In the united states you can almost achieve this. 90% of the numbers on my tax form are automated. The W-2s are sent to the IRS, the 1099-s for my non retirement accounts are also sent. The two biggest items that take time are charities, and the educational benefits. Nobody has to claim every deduction they are entitled to. They must claim all the income, and decide to take the standard deduction. It would probably take less than an hour to finish the families taxes: both federal and state.
They just started advertising locally.  For a whopping $13.25 part time you get to spend your day doing these awesome things.  This is copied from their site.  Things you should know about working in an Amazon Delivery Station:  Safety, it’s more than wearing a reflective vest. We’re committed to providing one of the safest work environments, which means stretching, safety tips, and yes… following the rules.Customer-obsession. It makes your day to make someone else happy.Quality is key. You have high standards, and it shows in your work. We’ll hold you to it, but only because we know our associates can handle it. We like to keep you on your toes, associates will rotate tasks multiple times throughout the week.Amazon lets customers order whatever they need, whenever they need. Flexibility is key, associates should be open to extra hours, time off, and a rapid pace.Layer up! You should be comfortable working in an environment with varying temperatures. Many buildings have dock doors that open throughout shifts, this can cause the temperature to be high during the summer or cold during the winter depending on the location.  Got it? Okay, but what will you actually be doing?  Keep on truckin’. Manage the receiving of truck deliveries and packages.Pumped up kicks. You’ll stand in one place for extended periods of time, and be walking a good distance around the facility – good shoes are a must!All hands on deck! You can expect to handle packages from small envelopes to boxes ranging up to 49 pounds.On the move. You should be willing and able to operate carts, dollies, hand trucks and other moving equipment to move large quantities of merchandise.Potential opportunity to operate PIT equipment, special training is offered to associates based on interest and availability.Keepin’ up with the times. You’ll use a smartphone, apps, handheld devices, and can even scan a bar code or two.  Hourly Pay Rate: $13.25  Let’s sweeten the deal…  Weekly pay scheduleHoliday overtime payBasic Life, AD&amp;D insuranceOn-the-job training and skill developmentEmployee Assistance Program  We want you to join the team if you can check these boxes:  Blown out the candles – you are at least 18 years old.Flex, not just your muscles – you don’t mind a curve ball every once in a while and you can be flexible in responsibilities.You are willing and able to work extra hours as required, bringing smiles to our customers doesn’t take time off.Let’s get physical – associates must, with or without reasonable accommodation, be able to lift up to 49 pounds, stand/walk for up to 8-10 hours, and be able to frequently push, pull, squat, bend, and reach.Step it up – be able to continuously climb and descend stairs safely (applies to sites with stairs)Must be able to work on a secure mezzanine at a height of up to 40 feet (applies to buildings with mezzanines)Must be willing and able to work on powered equipment-for example forklift or cherry picker
For two reasons primarily:  For one, it is very simply because China is at a different stage in its economic development than the USA. That is just a fact.  Secondly and more verbosely, the nation of China is experiencing predictable short-term gains that are primarily the result of modernization in best practices, technical skills, and equipment. The reality of the Chinese economy is that it is mostly fueled by a global need for cheap labor and a lot of it. This is thrusting many of China's still 3rd world citizens into modern era industry and production through the many nationalized development and relocation projects taken on by the government. These base realities of Chinas 'economic development', when set against any relevant metric, are in no way indicative of economic success.   If anything, the growth China is experiencing underscores the ever-present reality and impact of capitalistically driven market-based economies. In the short term, the nation will have increasing challenges appeasing and suppressing the nation's workforce as workers fight for improved workers rights/conditions. In the long-term, the nation/government will struggle with managing and planning the nation's inevitable transition into a market-based consumer economy as all those workers, in turn, spend their newly acquired wealth. In all truth, the Chinese government is almost singularly driving growth by sacrificing untold amounts of money and Chinese lives to advance an agenda that increases domestic production and attempts to modernize the largely 3rd world population into the 21st century.  *As a final note. The nations concerning disregard in the pursuit of modernizing its workforce and domestic production can best be classified as a series of human rights violations. Especially when considering the impacts and conditions for many in Chinas workforce.*
Ask someone in Human Resources. I seriously doubt you are the first person to ask this question for their company and they should be more than happy to help.
Simply put, it makes sense from the moment you can afford the loss without negative consequences. For example, if your car costs $20000 and you happen to have another $20000 laying around, you can choose not to insure your car against damage. In the worst case, you can simply buy a new one. However, not insuring your car has a hidden cost: you can't long-term invest that money anymore. If your insurance costs $500 a year, and you can invest those $20000 with a return on investment of more than 2.5%, it still makes sense to invest that money while having your car insured.
Have you checked to see if anything else went missing? Walmart says that because I was not the original purchaser of the gift   card, they could not help me directly Just to build on what @littleadv already gave you, my personal experience on this is that none of the companies that you'll likely be dealing with in a situation like this will be falling over themselves to help you out. Unless it also helps them for some reason, or if they're compelled by consumer laws.  If you think you should be protected from this sort of thing happening, feel free to reference the FCRA to see if you might get any consumer protections.  But just from what you've said here, it doesn't sound like you do. So if anything else went missing (or even if not), it might have been someone working for Citi, who may have had access to more of your personal information than just your card.  ID theft is unfortunately common, as a fairly easy crime to commit, a hard one to protect yourself against, and a very hard one to prosecute.  When did you last check your credit report?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.higherrockeducation.org/blog/economic-analysis-of-the-solar-eclipse) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; According to the law of demand, as prices increase, the quantity demanded of a good or service decreases.  &gt; Factors other than price can shift the entire demand curve and cause an increase or decrease in the quantity demanded at every price point.  &gt; The slight decrease in the market price due to new suppliers was not offset by the significant increase in the demand for products and services in the path of totality.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6xtrl7/economic_analysis_of_the_solar_eclipse/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~203519 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **price**^#1 **demand**^#2 **supply**^#3 **people**^#4 **totality**^#5"
You could use a stock-only ISA and invest in Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs). ETFs are managed mutual funds that trade on open exchanges in the same manner as stocks. This changes the specific fund options you have open to you, but there are so many ETFs at this point that any sector you want to invest in is almost certainly represented.
There are 2 questions here; My father, an NRI, sold inherited land in India ... This transaction is taxable in India. As its inherited land, and assuming its Non-Agricultural, your Dad will have to pay tax on gains, 20% with Indexation and 10% without indexation. He wants to move the money to the USA, with minimum tax. How to go about it? Money can be moved to US, there is a limit on the amount that can be freely repatriated, the limit is more if the funds are being moved for investment, like property etc outside India.
Windows 8 was made specifically for the Surface. People may say otherwise, but Microsoft would not spend so much resources on a touch bases OS unless they were making it specifically for the Surface. They are starting to do what made Apple so successful in the past decade. Pairing your own software with your own hardware.
"The ""more money"" aspect is only true if you ignore the lack of symmetry between employment and contracting. Consulting is another story altogether.  Companies are willing to pay consultants for a number of reasons but the most important is deniability.  If a decision is recommended and goes wrong then the consultants can be sued.  Liability cover is expensive. Cynicism aside, it often isn't cost-effective to keep specialists permanently on the payroll for tasks that are performed once a year. Recently I've noticed that the nature of consulting is changing.  Companies are starting to assemble brains-trusts of internal consultants who can create and manage projects while outsourcing only the labour-intensive data-collection roles.   Expect this to have a big impact on the management consulting industry."
Just to make this a little less vauge, I will base everything on the Mercedes Benz American Express (MB AMEX) card, which is the closest to a $100 annual fee I found on American Express's website. The benefits of a card with an annual fee generally are worth the cost if (and only if) you spend enough money on the card, and avoid paying interest to offset the benefit.  Using the MB AMEX card as a reference, it offers 5X points for Mercedes Benz purchases, 3X points at gas stations, 2X points at restaurants, and 1X points everywhere else.  Even if we only make purchases at the 1X rate, it only takes charging $10,000 to the card in a year in order to make up the difference.  Not too hard to do on a card someone uses as their main method of payment.  Every dollar spent at the higher rates only makes that easier. There are a number of other benefits as well.  After spending $5,000 on the card in a year, you receive a $500 gift card towards the purchase of a Mercedes Benz car.  For anyone on the market for a Mercedes Benz, the card pays for itself multiple times with just this benefit.
&gt; there is no way they will let it collapse   Do you think they would have let it get to the point of imminent collapse, if they could do anything about it?  Why do you think they will have any more power over the next stage in this debacle?
A standard mortgage lead generation strategy even so, is usually to purchase meticulously picked out lists of probable customers via mortgage lead generation companies, tailored in lead generation. The lead technique could cost substantially when compared with advertising, nonetheless in the lead structure, your service must be zeroed in on for preferred customers so, and who could possibly be engaged to obtain your product or service. Thus likewise supplies mortgage lead generation job opportunities, generating a beneficial win-win answer for all.
"When people (even people in the media) say: ""The stock market is up because of X"" or ""The stock market is down because of Y"", they are often engaging in what Nicolas Taleb calls the narrative falacy. They see the market has moved in one direction or another, they open their newspaper, pick a headline that provides a plausible reason for the market to move, and say: ""Oh, that is why the stock market is down"". Very rarely do statements like this actually come from research, asking people why they bought or sold that day. Sometimes they may be right, but it is usually just story telling. In terms of old fashioned logic this is called the ""post hoc, ergo proper hoc"" fallacy. Now all the points people have raised about the US deficit may be valid, and there are plenty of reasons for worrying about the future of the world economy, but they were all known before the S&P report, which didn't really provide the markets with much new information. Note also that the actual bond market didn't move much after hearing the same report, in fact the price of 10 year US Treasury bonds actually rose a tiny bit. Take these simple statements about what makes the market go up or down on any given day with several fistfuls of salt."
So wrong, on so many levels. You trust content from WP? Full of IC operatives and presstitutes. The little restrictions we have on imported steel do nothing to slow the market inundation of poor-quality (read: Chinese) steel. Since when does the Pentagon have the USA's economic interests in mind? Lastly, Buy-American/Sell-American is guaranteed to reinvigorate the country's economy. The money is reinvested in OUR country. And the surplus can be exported. We make quality goods, not mass production goods of lesser quality like Xi Ping's knock-off steel. #MAGA
I wrote this in another thread but is also applicable here. In general people make some key mistakes with property: Not factoring in depreciation properly. Houses are perpetually falling down, and if you are renting them perpetually being trashed by the tenants as well - particularly in bad areas. Accurate depreciation costs can often run in the 5-20% range per year depending on the property/area. Add insurance to this as well or be prepared to lose the whole thing in a disaster. Related to 1), they take the index price of house price rises as something they can achieve, when in reality a lot of the house price 'rise' is just everyone having to spend a lot of money keeping them standing up. No investor can actually track a house price graph due to 1) so be careful to make reasonable assumptions about actual achievable future growth (in your example, they could well be lagging inflation/barely growing if you are not pricing in upkeep and depreciation properly). Failure to price in the huge transaction costs (often 5%+ per sale) and capital gains/other taxes (depends on the exact tax structure where you are). These add up very fast if you are buying and selling at all frequently. Costs in either time or fees to real estate rental agents. Having to fill, check, evict, fix and maintain rental properties is a lot more work than most people realise, and you either have to pay this in your own time or someone else’s. Again, has to be factored in. Liquidity issues. Selling houses in down markets is very, very hard. They are not like stocks where they can be moved quickly. Houses can often sit on the market for years before sale if you are not prepared to take low prices. As the bank owns your house if you fail to pay the mortgage (rents collapse, loss of job etc) they can force you to fire sale it leaving you in a whole world of pain depending on the exact legal system (negative equity etc). These factors are generally correlated if you work in the same cities you are buying in so quite a lot of potential long tail risk if the regional economy collapses. Finally, if you’re young they can tie you to areas where your earnings potential is limited. Renting can be immensely beneficial early on in a career as it gives you huge freedom to up sticks and leave fast when new opportunities arise. Locking yourself into 20 yr+ contracts/landlord activities when young can be hugely inhibiting to your earnings potential. Without more details on the exact legal framework, area, house type etc it’s hard to give more specific advise, but in general you need a very large margin of safety with property due to all of the above, so if the numbers you’re running are coming out close (and they are here), it’s probably not worth it, and you’re better of sticking with more hands off investments like stocks and bonds.
&gt;it was simply a vote on the definition of celestial bodies in the galaxy being voted on by an international coalition of scientists (IAU).  He changed it at the Hayden Planetarium before the vote.  &gt;since it's larger than pluto  It's not.  It is more massive, not larger.  &gt;Xena was going to be the 10th planet in the solar system after it was discovered  Ok?    The definition of planet is arbitrary and it would be easy to make a definition to include or exclude.  The decision to lead the charge for declassify is a publicity move that worked very well for him.
between two people purchasing a house together, one with good and one with bad credit, will having both persons on the loan raise the interest rates. If the house deed is on both names, generally the Bank would insist the loan should also be on both of your names. This to ensure that Bank has enough leverage to recover the house in case of default. If one of you has bad credit, bank would raise the interest rate, assumption that bad credit would drag the good credit and force him to some activities / actions that could stretch the finance of one with good credit. If timely payments are not made, it would make your good credit to bad. If the house deed is on only on your name and you can get the loan on your own, this would be a better position. If the house deed is on only on your name and you would like to loan to be on both names, then the positive side is credit score of the person with bad credit would start showing improvement over period, provided both of you make timely payments. As pointed out by keshlam, there are enough question where people have entered into agreement without deciding what would happen if they separate. There is no right / wrong answer. It would be best you decide how it would be with respect to the ownership in the house and with respect to payments and if in worst case you part ways, how the settlement should look like.
"You bring up good points. But Facebook is getting a lot of bad press and folks are starting to get a little paranoid. I can see the website's traffic decrease because of this (at least form users in the ""Western"" world). So perhaps my idea might work for Facebook? Maybe they should offer a two-tier system before it loses its users?"
Yes, retail stores will let you use multiple cards to make a purchase. Just be sure to know the exact balance on each one and tell the cashier how much you'd like to put on each card. If you don't know the balance and try to charge more than what is available, your card will be declined.
"For those not using ad and script-blockers:  &gt; TOKYO (AP) — The head of Japanese automaker Subaru bowed deeply in apology Friday as the company admitted that it has been carrying out flawed inspections of its Japan-made cars for years.  &gt; The announcement by Subaru's chief executive and president, Yasuyuki Yoshinaga, was the latest in a flurry of such scandals. Earlier this month Nissan Motor Co. recalled more than 1 million domestically made cars because of faulty routine tests.  &gt; Subaru will submit a report on the problem to the government on Monday, Yoshinaga told reporters. He said a domestic recall is likely, spanning the entire Subaru lineup totaling 255,000 vehicles.  &gt; ""We are truly sorry, and we apologize,"" Yoshinaga said, after bowing deeply. ""We all wanted to do the tests properly.""  &gt; The government ordered automakers to check their inspection procedures after Nissan apologized for allowing unauthorized employees to do final vehicle checks for years.  &gt; The scandals have stunned the public and cast a shadow over this nation's prized image for ""monozukuri"" or craftsman-like production, reputed for high quality and meticulousness.  &gt; Yoshinaga said the faulty inspections for Subaru's finished products had been going on for 30 years. The workers involved did not fully realize their method was wrong, and a thorough review of the entire inspection system is needed, he said.  &gt; Workers who didn't have enough experience to do checks borrowed Japanese ""hanko"" seals from authorized employees and stamped documents to show vehicles had passed the tests, according to the company. The recalls are expected to cost 5 billion yen ($44 million), it said.  &gt; Subaru, formerly called Fuji Heavy Industries, is partnered with Toyota Motor Corp., a top shareholder. Toyota and Honda Motor Co. have said they did not have dubious inspections. Toyota said it was checking with Subaru on the reported irregularities.  &gt; Nissan is recalling more than a million vehicles in Japan to re-inspect them, and has set up an investigative team that includes a third party to get to the bottom of the scandal and prevent a recurrence.  &gt; The problem does not affect Nissan vehicles sold outside Japan and is not believed to have affected vehicle safety as they were final-stage checks.  &gt; But the scandal raises serious questions about ethics and professionalism at Nissan, which makes the Leaf electric car and Infiniti luxury models, and is allied with Renault SA of France and Mitsubishi Motors Corp. of Japan.  &gt; Reporters peppered Subaru's Yoshinaga with questions about why it took so long after the Nissan scandal for Subaru to come forward.  &gt; ""I always wanted to make my company a great company, and I now know we had not done enough,"" he said. ""I am so ashamed that my company has become a cause for tarnishing Japanese monozukuri.""  &gt; The auto industry has been hit by a series of scandals.  &gt; Nissan took a controlling stake in Mitsubishi Motors last year after that company was caught inflating fuel economy figures for its minicar models, which are also sold under the Nissan brand.  &gt; Japanese supplier Kobe Steel acknowledged recently it had systematically falsified data on its products, including steel, aluminum, copper and other materials, affecting some 500 companies including major global automakers, as well as the aircraft, electronics and railway industries.  &gt; Volkswagen AG of Germany acknowledged in 2015 that it had equipped its diesel cars with illegal software that enabled cheating on U.S. emissions tests. Volkswagen has agreed to more than $20 billion in fines and civil settlements over the scandal.  &gt; Air-bag maker Takata Corp. filed for bankruptcy protection after some 100 million air-bag inflators were recalled worldwide. The defect has been linked to 19 deaths and dozens of injuries."
I certainly do not agree and you are making some sweeping statements without backing them up. What I am saying is that a company cannot make a promise of credit to an employee without having something to back that up. If you don't have that then you cannot offer pensions or other futures that you cannot ensure are going to be properly funded. No one forces a company to offer pensions in this day and age (there are exceptions of course) so they do not need to offer it at all.   Things like pensions are often used as incentives that can be provided in lieu of cash payments to the employee. If we are going to make cash like exchanges of value then that value should be just as guaranteed as it is when the company promises to pay back a loan.   In short you should not be able to hire employees on a financial promise you cannot keep in good faith. If for some reason you cannot keep that promise, just like with standard credit it should hurt you.   Or you know, as a company don't make BS promises and just pay people what they are worth.
Since insurance is priced for profit, the price will be more than the price of a new phone multiplied against the chance of loss and payout.  Otherwise insurance would not be offered since there was no money to be made by the insurance company. The idea of insurance is that you are pooling your risk with everyone else.  You all definitely pay a little (insurance premium) instead of any of you maybe paying a lot (when a phone is destroyed).  The question is not whether it is a good investment (almost surely no), but whether the loss at a random time would be too crippling to be absorbed by you when it happened.  If you can afford a new phone without financial difficulty if it were destroyed then you should generally not buy insurance. One other factor could be that although you are in the same risk pool as everyone else (everyone pays the same rate), but your situation has a higher risk than most, insurance can be a better deal, though the better investment over time would be to correct the risky situation instead of buying insurance.  This could be that you have a habit of losing things, live in an area where phones are stolen often, have pets that destroy your belongings, etc. Statistically, you will come out ahead not buying insurance, but you are accepting an unknown outcome.
"No our fiscal cliff is the result of, in part, a terrific degree of uncertainty of the market in 2013. The analogy would be more like ""we know the guy who has been taking our milk money might want to take our lunch money next week."" So businesses across the board are being more cautious."
Investing is really about learning your own comfort level.  You will make money and lose money. You will make mistakes but you will also learn a great deal. First off, invest in your own financial knowledge, this doesn't require capital at all but a commitment. No one will watch or care for your own money better than yourself. Read books, and follow some companies in a Google Finance virtual portfolio. Track how they're doing over time - you can do this as a virtual portfolio without actually spending or losing money.  Have you ever invested before? What is your knowledge level? Investing long term is about trying to balance risk while reducing losses and trying not to get screwed along the way (by people).  My personal advice: Go to an independent financial planner, go to one that charges you per hour only. Financial planners that don't charge you hourly get paid in commissions. They will be biased to sell you what puts the most money in their pockets. Do not go to the banks investment people, they are employed by the banks who have sales and quota requirements to have you invest and push their own investment vehicles like mutual funds. Take $15k to the financial planner and see what they suggest. Keep the other $5K in something slow and boring and $1k under your mattress in actual cash as an emergency. While you're young, compound interest is the magic that will make that $25k increase hand over fist in time. But you need to have it consistently make money. I'm young too and more risk tolerant because I have time. While I get older I can start to scale back my risk because I'm nearing retirement and preserve instead of try to make returns.
Great blog you have here but I was wondering if you knew of any community forums that cover the same topics discussed here? I’d really like to be a part of online community where I can get advice from other experienced people that share the same interest. If you have any suggestions, please let me know. Thanks a lot!
I think it's going to be a tough sell for their older user base. Most of their clientele is probably not going to jump online to watch the latest CSI/NCIS spinoff. If they want this to succeed, they should go after a younger demographic with shows like How I Met Your Mother and whatnot.
"The IRS doesn't tax ""increased wealth"" They tax Revenue -- income.  If this money or property came to you as a gift, you would owe no tax on it but the giver probably would owe gift tax.  If it came to you as a loan, you would owe no tax on it but the lender would owe tax on any interest you pay (and must charge at least minimal interest, though they could give that to you as a gift and possibly not have it be taxable). But if came as payment for goods or services or investment or anything of that sort, and you aren't demonstrably tax-exempt, it is income and you are responsible for declaring it as such and paying tax on it."
"If you want to have your wife stay home with kids, you'll have to make a plan to get there. As you point out, your situation right now won't support this. Create a budget that will work for you with a single income -- a ""zero based"" budget, not a budget based on your current expense structure. Figure out what you can afford on just your income for housing, church, food, transport, etc. Or apply the same idea on the assumption that she will keep working -- budget based on a second income plus child care expenses. Then you can decide what you have to change in order for that to work: maybe it means selling your house, renting, relocating, selling a car, finding a better or second job, etc. Then decide what you need to do in order to make these changes."
Wikipedia has a detailed article explaining this. A standard, commercial letter of credit (LC) is a document issued mostly by a financial institution, used primarily in trade finance, which usually provides an irrevocable payment undertaking. So yes, they are primarily for use by businesses. If you will read the article stating the terms and conditions for payment and shipment you will realize that such model won't be of much value to and will create many hurdles for a typical consumer. Yes, you can cash a letter of credit but only once the conditions in the letter have been met (e.g., delivery/shipment of goods/services). An array of documents need to be presented as well. Whether it is easy or not is a very subjective question.  A bank will issue a letter of credit only when it is reasonably sure that its risk is covered --either backed by a bank deposit or by conditions in the letter itself. Obviously derivatives on these letters have evolved as well.
"I was wondering how ""future cash flows of the asset"" are predicted? Are they also predicted using fundamental and/or technical analysis? There are a many ways to forecast the future cash flows of assets. For example, for companies: It seems like calculating expected/required rate using CAPM does not belong to either fundamental or technical analysis, does it? I would qualify the CAPM as quantitative analysis because it's mathematics and statistics. It's not really fundamental since its does not relies on economical data (except the prices). And as for technical analysis, the term is often used as a synonym for graphical analysis or chartism, but quantitative analysis can also be referred as technical analysis. the present value of future cash flows [...] (called intrinsic price/value, if I am correct?) Yes you are correct. I wonder when deciding whether an asset is over/fair/under-valued, ususally what kind of price is compared to what other kind of price? If it's only to compare with the price, usually, the Net asset value (which is the book value), the Discount Cash flows (the intrinsic value) and the price of comparable companies and the CAPM are used in comparison to current market price of the asset that you are studying. Why is it in the quote to compare the first two kinds of prices, instead of comparing the current real price on the markets to any of the other three kinds? Actually the last line of the quote says that the comparison is done on the observed price which is the market price (the other prices can't really be observed). But, think that the part: an asset is correctly priced when its estimated price is the same as the present value of future cash flows of the asset means that, since the CAPM gives you an expected rate of return, by using this rate to compute the present value of future cash flows of the asset, you should have the same predicted price. I wrote this post explaining some valuation strategies. Maybe you can find some more information by reading it."
yAnother potential tool for you would be a Monte Carlo Simulator.   here's one  http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Business+Fundamentals I know that past performance is no guarantee.....  but I think it's in many cases not exactly a flawed tool, and especially with respect to money managers a good way to find good ones.  If a manager has shown an ability over time to consistently beat the market, yes he might be due for a bad day, but you'd generally expect that they should be able to continue that trend. I'd apply the same logic to pundits.  If their track record sucks, and they constantly seem to whipsaw you with their advice, why listen to them other than
Your example shows a 4% dividend.  If we assume the stock continues to yield 4%, the math drops to something simple. Rule of 72 says your shares will double in 18 years. So in 18 years, 1000 shares will be 2000, at whatever price it's trading.  Shares X (1.04)^N years = shares after N years. This is as good an oversimplification as any.
"Yes... but it is a matter of balancing risks.  It is wiser to keep a small amount of ""ready cash"" as an emergency/buffer -- and to suffer the gradual loss to inflation...  Than it is risk becoming ""stuck"" in an emergency with zero dollars in any (low or no cost) source of funds -- those kinds of ""emergencies"" ($500 or $1,000 ""unexpected/unbudgeted"" expenses) are fairly frequent and virtually inevitable.  You lose vastly MORE money when you are forced to borrow those amounts (interest -- even **low-rate** loans -- is virtually always higher than the average inflation rate)."
There are many reasons for buying new versus used vehicles. Price is not the only factor.  This is an individual decision. Although interesting to examine from a macro perspective, each vehicle purchase is made by an individual, weighing many factors that vary in importance by that individual, based upon their specific needs and values. I have purchased both new and used cars, and I have weighted each of these factors as part of each decision (and the relative weightings have varied based upon my individual situation). Read Freakonomics to gain a better understanding of the reasons why you cannot find a good used car. The summary is the imbalance of knowledge between the buyer and seller, and the lack of trust. Although much of economics assumes perfect market information, margin (profit) comes from uncertainty, or an imbalance of knowledge.  Buying a used car requires a certain amount of faith in people, and you cannot always trust the trading partner to be honest. Price - The price, or more precisely, the value proposition of the vehicle is a large concern for many of us (larger than we might prefer that it be). Selection - A buyer has the largest selection of vehicles when they shop for a new vehicle. Finding the color, features, and upgrades that you want on your vehicle can be much harder, even impossible, for the used buyer. And once you have found the exact vehicle you want, now you have to determine whether the vehicle has problems, and can be purchased at your price. Preference - A buyer may simply prefer to have a vehicle that looks new, smells new, is clean, and does not have all the imperfections that even a gently used vehicle would exhibit. This may include issues of pride, image, and status, where the buyer may have strong emotional or psychological needs to statisfy through ownership of a particular vehicle with particular features. Reviews - New vehicles have mountains of information available to buyers, who can read about safety and reliability ratings, learn about problems from the trade press, and even price shop and compare between brands and models. Contrasted with the minimal information available to used vehicle shoppers. Unbalanced Knowledge - The seller of a used car has much greater knowledge of the vehicle, and thus much greater power in the negotiation process. Buying a used car is going to cost you more money than the value of the car, unless the seller has poor knowledge of the market. And since many used cars are sold by dealers (who have often taken advantage of the less knowledgeable sellers in their transaction), you are unlikely to purchase the vehicle at a good price. Fear/Risk - Many people want transportation, and buying a used car comes with risk. And that risk includes both the direct cost of repairs, and the inconvenience of both the repair and the loss of work that accompanies problems. Knowing that the car has not been abused, that there are no hidden or lurking problems waiting to leave you stranded is valuable. Placing a price on the risk of a used car is hard, especially for those who only want a reliable vehicle to drive. Placing an estimate on the risk cost of a used car is one area where the seller has a distinct advantage. Warranties - New vehicles come with substantial warranties, and this is another aspect of the Fear/Risk point above. A new vehicle does not have unknown risk associated with the purchase, and also comes with peace of mind through a manufacturer warranty. You can purchase a used car warranty, but they are expensive, and often come with (different) problems. Finance Terms - A buyer can purchase a new vehicle with lower financing rate than a used vehicle. And you get nothing of value from the additional finance charges, so the difference between a new and used car also includes higher finance costs. Own versus Rent - You are assuming that people actually want to 'own' their cars. And I would suggest that people want to 'own' their car until it begins to present problems (repair and maintenance issues), and then they want a new vehicle to replace it. But renting or leasing a vehicle is an even more expensive, and less flexible means to obtain transportation. Expense Allocation - A vehicle is an expense. As the owner of a vehicle, you are willing to pay for that expense, to fill your need for transportation. Paying for the product as you use the product makes sense, and financing is one way to align the payment with the consumption of the product, and to pay for the expense of the vehicle as you enjoy the benefit of the vehicle. Capital Allocation - A buyer may need a vehicle (either to commute to work, school, doctor, or for work or business), but either lack the capital or be unwilling to commit the capital to the vehicle purchase. Vehicle financing is one area banks have been willing to lend, so buying a new vehicle may free capital to use to pay down other debts (credit cards, loans). The buyer may not have savings, but be able to obtain financing to solve that need. Remember, people need transportation. And they are willing to pay to fill their need. But they also have varying needs for all of the above factors, and each of those factors may offer value to different individuals.
Buy gold, real coins not paper. And do not keep it in a bank.
"The tax system in general, and income tax in particular, is used for several purposes at once. One of those purposes is to raise money to run the government. It isn't the only purpose of income tax, and income tax isn't the only source of money to run the government. Try a thought experiment: let's say it costs $10,000 per person per year to run the government. (It might actually cost far more or far less, that's not the point.) A super simple tax system would just ask each person for $10,000. But such a system isn't fair. Some people don't even earn $10,000 so they are literally not able to pay that. Some people, who earn a lot, can easily afford to pay more. So a still-pretty simple approach asks each person to pay a particular percentage of their income, and the hope is that this will add up to enough to run the government. This still doesn't feel fair to everyone - 10% of your income is hard to find when you're spending it all on rent and food, and easy to find when you have way more than you ""need"". So many countries have what's called a ""progressive"" system of income tax where you pay no tax on the first X of your income, then a small percentage on the next Y, a larger percentage on the next Z and so on.  But you asked about business profit. Some places don't tax business profits at all - they just collect income taxes on people once the money reaches them as salary or dividends. Other places do. Just as a person who doesn't earn any income can't send the government money, a business that spent more on expenses than it brought in as revenue can't send the government money either. So the tax is on profit. That seems fairer to most people anyway. Things then get even more complicated for both business and personal income taxes because the government uses the system to encourage certain behaviours and to help people facing hard times. If you want to encourage people to get training and move into higher paying jobs, you might make tuition tax deductible. Most countries give a tax deduction for each small child you have. This isn't because people with children use less of the services government provides, is it? Instead it's an acknowledgement that people with children generally have less money to spend. Or an encouragement to have children, or something. Tax motivations are complicated.  If you charged all businesses a flat tax regardless of whether they were making or losing money, people might be hesitant to start companies that lose money at first. There might be less entrepreneurship in that country. If instead you only tax profits, it feels fairer and more people are likely to join in. So that's what most governments do. Is the imaginary business owner who is not turning a profit somehow getting a free ride? They are still paying tax. If they took any salary for themselves, there was personal income tax on that. Everything the company bought, it paid sales tax on. There may have been excise taxes and such in other things they bought. The economic activity of the business has been driving the wheel of the local economy and spinning off some taxes at various levels that whole time. Whether the business itself is chipping in some corporate income tax too may not end up being particularly relevant. Example: a sole proprietor has revenue of $100,000 and spends $10,000 on supplies and such. If the salary to the owner is $89,000 the company has a $1000 profit which it pays tax on. If the salary to the owner is $91,000 the company has a $1000 loss and doesn't pay tax (and may be able to use the loss to reduce taxes in a future year.) So what? The owner is paying personal income tax on roughly $90,000. The government is getting the support it needs. Yes, some owners do all the ""encouraged"" things so that some income is not taxed either in the business or the personal sphere. That is presumably what the government wanted when it set those things up as deductions. Making charitable contributions, hiring new employees, building new facilities ... essentially the government is paying the business to do those things because they're good for the country. The overall government budget (funded by personal and corporate income tax along with sales tax, excises taxes etc) is supposed to achieve certain goals which include roads and schools but also job creation and the like. This is one of the ways they do that."
First of all any loan will have the last payment be slightly different than the rest. Even if the interest rate is zero it is hard to have a perfect monthly payment amount. By perfect I mean the amount of the loan divided by the number of months would be $ddd.cc0000...  When looking at the amortization table the last payment will either be slightly higher or lower to adjust for the rounding that was done. My suspicion is that the rounding would have resulted in a left over 12 cents. It is also possible that you are paying it off slightly early and the computer is simply taking the leftover amount an spreading it over the remaining period of the loan. You could be paying it early because for the main part of the loan was paid to a company that rounds all payments to the higher dollar, or has a minimum monthly payment amount. I looked at the company you mentioned in the question, and searched the site for an amortization tool. I found it, and used the pre-filled in example. https://www.edfinancial.com/amortizationschedule?pmts=120&intr=6.8&prin=25000 If that last payment is not adjusted the borrower will still owe $0.12. The fact it equals your situation is a coincidence. But is does show what can happen.
"XE Trade advertises the following features: So if you think you can predict where rates are going enough to set your bid at a level that you think will be a good deal, you have the opportunity to do that with XE's service.   I do not work for XE trade and do not care or receive any financial benefit if you use them or not.  I'm just aware of an offering out there that seems like it might answer the question you've asked and am providing an answer that seems like it might be helpful.  If you do find the answer helpful, feel free to upvote/accept as appropriate; if you are aware of significant cons or limitations please comment or edit.  While this may answer the question you asked, the underlying question cannot be addressed without knowing more about what's behind ""Sadly I cannot sell the property."" When it's clear you think ""having stupid Spain in my life is like a ball and chain around my leg,"" sale of the property seems like a good option."
"So my read on the question is ""How do I invest 300k such that it earns me a 'living wage' without the ongoing grind inherent in most formal employment?""  Reading the other answers to date it looks like most of them are thinking in terms of investment accounts and trying to live off of the earnings from such.  I wanted to throw out a couple of alternative choices that may be worth considering... The first is real-estate investing.  $300k should allow you to pick up 2 or 3 single family dwellings with little or no mortgage.  Turning them into rentals placed with a good property management company should easily pay their expenses and provide a consistent income with minimal effort/attention from you.  Similar story with buying into multifamily housing or commercial real-estate. Your key concern here is picking the right market in which to buy and finding a reputable manager to handle the day to day issues on your behalf. Note that you are not overly concerned with the potential resale value of the property(s), but the probable rental income they can generate, these are separate concerns that may not align with each other. Second is buying/founding a business that has a general manager other than yourself.  Franchise ownership may be a potential option for you under the circumstances.  The key concern here is picking the business, location, and manager that make you comfortable in terms of the risk involved.  You need the place to make enough money to pay for itself and the salary of everyone working there, with enough left over for you to live on.  Sounds easy enough, but not so much in practice.  Generally you can expect at least a few years of being hands on and watching things very closely to make sure it is going the way you want it to.  Finding a mentor who has done this type of transition before to walk you through it would be strongly advised.  So would preparing yourself for a failure or two before you work out the exact combination of factors that work for you."
Another thing that's often overlooked is the hiring of felons. I'm not going to say I support it. But now adays companies can pay $1 and get a nationwide background check that often includes even things that were expunged off records.  In the past as a felon you just had to go to a different state and you could get a job anywhere.  Most didn't do background checks anyway.
"Is that it?  You hardly put any effort into it . .  over the last week you have desensitized America and now you have to top talking smack to a war veteran widow to deliver Americas week end Cringe worthy Moment.  Come one . .lets get your blood flowing  The Iranian Ayatollah called you a ""Mental Retard"", thats Persian for ""Fucking Moron""   3...2...1  Your on!!"
They are like the other extreme from Apple.  Apple hoards way too much cash but RIM didn't hoard nearly enough.  Had RIM just waited they'd be able to buy the entire company now for what they spent on buybacks in 2011.  That is mind blowing.
The usual lazy recommendation: See what similar objects, in similar condition, of similar age, have sold for recently on eBay. That establishes a fair market value by directly polling the market.
Thanks for your reply.  I agree shooting down the majority of Chinese as being shady is perhaps unfair. I was just left with a really bad taste after all the crazy situations I was in during those 10 years. I am sure they have some strong opinions about Americans also.   On the USA side I did bring my usual law firm in on a consultation and even contacted and consulted with a firm who specializes in Transportation Law. My wife and the Chinese side thought that was a waste of money - but it was valuable on answering many of the questions you bought up, including things like a DOT registration and so on. As for it being salvageable, I think not, as I cannot work with someone I don’t trust. The “recovery” is not much - just under $3000, as it was caught before the warehouse lease was signed/etc.  part of the problem was I required a “good faith” payment from them before the lease signing which they did not do. The Chinese side is scared of me for some of the reasons I alluded too in my original post - and they have agreed to pay that amount on Monday. I will give them a receipt for their payment, and move on without any further action. I think my wife has learned a lot from this - I have perhaps also - both about my wife and what she is willing to do and how much she wants to start a business. I agree that my demeanor is perhaps not 100% when I feel slighted - I will try to temper that some in future - but most importantly - through clearly defined roles and responsibilities. Thanks again!
Keep in mind, there are times that house is in such bad shape that it's going to need 6 months of renovations, in which case you might ask the town if they are willing to reappraise a lower value until the work is completed. Keep in mind, you'll get a new appraisal when permitted (I mean pulling a permit from the town) work is done. I finished my basement and the town was eager to send the appraiser over even before work was fully complete.
There is no margin call. Inverse ETFs use derivatives that would lose value in the case you describe though this doesn't force a margin call as you may be misunderstanding how these funds are constructed.
To add technical detail to other answers, your (and some commenters') estimates of storing that data is woefully (many orders of magnitude) off. Let's take your 10MB of transaction data per user. You're only estimating text records like in Quicken. Now add on the volume of storing everye check's image. That's 100K (if not 500Kb depending on resolution of the scan) per check. If you have 100 checks per year (not unrealistic, if you pay all utility/morgage bills by check, as well as purchases), you now have 10Mb/year to 50MB/year. Now you're asking for 10 years of this, so you have 100-500MB per customer. NOT 10MB-70MB as you initially assumed. Let's take a mid-range figure, 300 MB. You were estimating using consumer grate cheap-o storage (which Facebook can afford for their data, as they don't store transaction data). Now let's up that to enterprise server hard drives. Your storage costs just rose 2x-5x. Now, typically you'd have RAID. So 2x more. Most large financial institutions have multiple data centers. You typically store all data's copies in those data centers for DR purposes. Your multiplier added another 2x-4x Most production data servers have multiple copies (Write DB server + one or more read-only copies). Multiply by 2x-4x With some rare exceptions, most banks don't just have one central database server. Each major app  / business line would have its own DB, so you multiply that by 2x-20x depending on the bank, especially if it's arrived at its size by merging with other banks and has dozens of inherited legacy systems. multiple backups. Regulatory backup requirements means you don't just back up your data once a year. You do it daily, till the data is purged from DB. Meaning, you don't store ONE copy of your transaction in backup. You stored, say, 10*365 copies, assuming 10 year retention) So, at the low end, your cost estimates are 30*2*2*2*2*2 = 900 times off (3 orders of magnitude) just for live database storage, and 3500 times off for backup costs. At the high end, they could be 50*5*2*4*4*20=16,000 times off (4-5 orders of magnitude) At this range, no, it isn't worth it for the bank to keep your transactions available in DB and online any longer than bare-bones absolutely critically necessary.
I wouldn't only consider the entry/exit cost per trade. That's a good comparison page by the way. I would also consider the following. This depends if you are planning on using your online broker to provide all the information for you to trade. I have lower expectations of my online broker, not meant to be harsh on the online brokers, but I expect brokers to assist me in buying/selling, not in selecting. Edit: to add to the answer following a comment. Here are three pieces of software to assist in stock selection
"It's a matter of social policy. The government wants people to make long term investments because that would lead to other long-term government goals: employment, manufacturing, economical growth in general. While speculative investments and day-trading are not in any way discouraged, investments that contribute to the economy as a whole and not just the investor are encouraged by the lower tax rates on the profits. While some people consider it to be a ""fig leaf"", I consider these people to be populists and dishonest. Claiming that long term social goals are somehow bad is hypocrisy. Claiming that short-term trading contributes to the economy as a whole is a plain lie."
Are my mortgage terms locked in? Who oversees this? Yes your terms like rate, balance, penalties, due dates, are all covered in the mortgage documents. Those will not change. If the mortgage is an adjustable or has a balloon payment those terms will be followed by the new company. That being said, mistakes can be made. Double check everything. I had a transfer get messed up once, and all the terms were wrong. It took a few months but everything was worked out. In fact because they first tried to stonewall me I was able to negotiate some additional concessions out of them. Running your own escrow account is one thing you always want to do. That makes sure that the taxes and insurance are always paid by you, even if the servicing company has a glitch. Generally you have to have enough equity to not have PMI in order to get them to agree to the self-escrow option. If you have a problem with the servicing company then contact the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau a part of the US Government. They have only been a round a few years, thus I have no experience with them. Have an issue with a financial product or service? We'll forward your   complaint to the company and work to get a response from them. The last few times I applied for a mortgage or refinanced a mortgage the lender had to reveal as part of the application stage the percentage of recent mortgages they still own/service. Check those numbers the next time you apply.
I'm going to guess that you found this because of a stock screener.  This company went through a 1:20 reverse split on June 30, so every 20 shares outstanding became a single share.  Where before you had 20 shares worth $100 you now have 1 share worth $100, the value of the company doesn't change because of a split.  This company was never trading for $30+ per share.  Reverse splits are typical of a floundering company trading on an exchange that has a minimum share price requirement.  While reverse splits don't change the value of the company, just the number of shares outstanding and the price per share, no healthy company performs a reverse split.  Reverse splits are generally a massive signal to jump ship... The company seems to be trading for $1 right now, why the value fell from a pre-split $1.65 ($33/20) to $1 is anyone's guess; how the company ever got to $1.65 is also anyone's guess. But looking at the most recent 10-Q there are numerous causes for concern:  Note 2. Capital Stock On March 6, 2017, the Company issued as compensation for services provided a total of 650,000 common shares with a fair value of $390,000 to a third party. The fair value of the shares was based on the price quoted on the OTC pink sheets on the grant date. this indicates a share price of $0.60 ($390,000/650,000) as of 3/6/2017, just to reinforce that the google price chart doesn't show the true past but a past adjusted for the split Results of Operations The three months ended March 31, 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2016 For the three months ended March 31, 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2016, total revenues were $0 and $0, respectively, and net losses from operations were $414,663 and $26,260, respectively. The net losses were attributable to costs attributable to operating as a public company, in particular, common stock with a valuation of $390,000 that was issued to an investor relations firm in the first quarter of 2017. Going Concern As of March 31, 2017, there is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern as we have not generated sufficient cash flow to fund our proposed business. We have suffered recurring losses from operations since our inception. In addition, we have yet to generate an internal cash flow from our business operations or successfully raised the financing required to develop our proposed business. As a result of these and other factors, our independent auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.    Liquidity and Capital Resources We had no cash as of the date of March 31, 2017. Additionally, since there is no balance sheet in the last 10-Q (another bad sign), the last annual report 10-K has this balance sheet: So the company: So why did the stock value plummet? It's anyones' guess but there is no shortage of ways to justify it.   In fact, it's reasonable to ask how is this company still worth $3mm ($1 * 3mm shares outstanding)...
"You're conflating LLC with Corporation. They're different animals. LLC does not have ""S"" or ""C"" designations, those are just for corporations. I think what you're thinking about is electing pass through status with the IRS. This is the easiest way to go. The company can pay you at irregular intervals in irregular amounts. The IRS doesn't care about these payments. The company will show profit or loss at the end of the year (those payments to you aren't expenses and don't reduce your profit). You report this on your schedule C and pay tax on that amount. (Your state tax authority will have its own rules about how this works.) Alternatively you can elect to have the LLC taxed as a corporation. I don't know of a good reason why someone in your situation would do this, but I'm not an accountant so there may be reasons out there. My recommendation is to get an accountant to prepare your taxes. At least once -- if your situation is the same next year you can use the previous year's forms to figure out what you need to fill in. The investment of a couple hundred dollars is worthwhile. On the question of buying a home in the next couple of years... yes, it does affect things. (Pass through status? Probably doesn't affect much.) If all of your income is coming from self-employment, be prepared for hassles when you are shopping for a mortgage. You can ask around, maybe you have a friendly loan officer at your credit union who knows your history. But in general they will want to see at least two years of self-employment tax returns. You can plan for this in advance: talk to a couple of loan officers now to see what the requirements will be. That way you can plan to be ready when the time comes."
It's time she look into what employer provided retirement plan she can use. She's at the point where she should think about investing for the long term, with retirement in mind.
It is possible. You'll have to call the bank and ask what documentation is required, I'm pretty sure they'll want notarized authorization by all partners, at least.
"The first rule I follow is pretty simple: Get paid for what you do. Earn a return on what you own. If you are running your company prudently, you should earn a salary for the position and responsibilities you hold within the business. This salary should be competitive. You should be able to replace yourself in the business at this salary. If your title is ""President"" or ""CEO"" - look for market rate salaries for others in that position within your industry and company size. If you wear multiple hats in a small business, you will likely have to blend this salary based on those various positions.  Based on how you run your business, the money left over at the end of the year after you and your team takes a competitive wage is your profit. If there isn't any profit, then you might want to do some work on your business model. But if their is a profit, then it's a clear return on what you own and not just a payment for work completed. The idea would be that you could exit the business as an operator, pay someone else to do exactly what you do, and you would continue to get that profit return at the end of the year. This is when a business acts like a true asset.  Whether you take your money in salary or profit distributions (or dividends) depending on your structure, taxes are about the same. W2'd salaries get normal employee contributed taxes, but then of course the company matches these. It is identical if you take a guaranteed payment or distribution that gets hit with self employment taxes. Profits are also going to get hit with the same taxes.  Follow ups: 1) A fair salary would be a competitive market wage for the position you hold within the business. What is left over would be considered true profits and not just fabricated profits by taking a lower than market wage to boost the appearance of profitability. 2) Shareholders requesting salary information would be covered in your Operating Agreement or Shareholder Agreement. This might be terms you set with your investors. Or you might simply set a term that you only need approval if a single salary exceeds a cap (like $250,000). Which would mean you would need to present why you deserve a higher salary and have your board approve (if you are governed by said board via your investors). Profitability is a different ballpark. Your investors most likely have a right to see a monthly, quarterly, and/or annual Profit & Loss statement which should clearly state profitability. I can't imagine running a completely closed book company to my investors. Actually... I can't really imagine ever investing in a company where I am not permitted to see the financials.  Something to also consider here is the threat of trying to keep your profit numbers low in order to not pay taxes or to pay yourself a higher salary. If you ever plan to sell or exit the company, most widely accepted valuations of a business are done from profits (or EBIDTA). You might think you are saving yourself a couple points on taxes by avoiding profits in the short term, but if you exit the business and get a 3-5X (or even up to 12X in some cases) multiplier on your annual profits, you might be kicking yourself for trying to hide them through your accounting practices. Buyers will often sniff out an owner who created false profits by not paying themselves, but what's harder to do is figure out how much profits should have been when there were none on the books. By saving yourself $100,000 in taxes this year, could add up to close to $1,000,000 in an acquisition.  Good luck."
I'm the last guy to argue in favour of increasing the protections around creative works, but I don't think I'd categorically agree that the best artists have regular jobs. My favourite books were all written by pro authors, my favourite games by pro developers. Even when I listen to indie music, the best ones are playing the touring game, making them pros. Arguing against DRM doesn't require deriding professional creatives.
"&gt;It's the lion's share of the annual expenditures in the health sector and up there  Dude - no. Healthcare is [almost 4 trillion dollars a year](https://www.forbes.com/sites/danmunro/2014/02/02/annual-u-s-healthcare-spending-hits-3-8-trillion/#1ec0a80276a9) in the US. None of the links you posted show that the majority of that cost is due to regulation. Even if we *did* spend billions and billions on drug research - that's still a minor piece of the whole pie.  &gt;If you don't have a problem with it then contribute the share of your income you see fit voluntarily. But who entitled you to decide for others that they have to do the same  I advocate UH because it would save us money. *All of us*. Even folks like you who don't envision being old or sick. Even rich people who are able to pay ridiculously high premiums without feeling it. Because it brings the total cost of healthcare down as a segment of the economy. Care for which we currently pay [twice as much as other developed nations](http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/issue-briefs/2015/oct/us-health-care-from-a-global-perspective). This isn't about handouts. This is about saving American money *and* doing the right thing.   &gt;But I'd prefer the US to cut subsidies to 0, replace them with nothing and finally lower taxes. Which will eventually leave a lot more people with enough money to easily get private insurance. Just without the administrative effort and without forcing people to partake.  A simple example to show why this is purely wishful thinking. In the US - a heart stint (which is a big deal when you need one) is 50K. In the UK - it's 17K. In Spain - it's 12K. The median savings for American families is 5K. That means prices in the US need to come down 90% in order for people to be able to afford life saving surgeries.   Do you really, honestly, believe that cutting taxes and allowing mom and pop surgery centers or correspondence course MD schools will bring prices down that much? If so, do you *really* think we'll have favorable health outcomes that way?   Because remember - money isn't the only objective here. Healthy Americans is the desired outcome of this process.   &gt;exploiting a minority against their will is the right thing to do.  The world is more nuanced than that. And this is in general why I think the left tends to look down on the right alot. Very black and white. Very is or isn't. No reasonable person thinks that asking the wealthy or businesses to help pay to *maintain the house they live in with us* is the same thing as slavery or even ""exploitation"".   And do you really think they're paying their fair share now? Romney paid 15% in taxes man. Trump, likely, hasn't paid taxes in years. Apple paid 0%. The list goes on and on. They've built a tax system so complex that *the only people paying* are you and me. And they're so slick with this shit that people like you come out here and defend them while they fuck the both of us. Shit blows my mind.   &gt;You can try to seek refuge behind sources, but you can't refute the moral argument with those.  I've sourced every argument I've made clearly. That's not seeking refuge that's having an informed opinion.   For the latter, you claim taxation is theft.   If that's the case, then I claim it's OK to steal to heal sick people."
It also reduces risk from the bank's eyes. Believe it or not, they do lose out when people don't pay on their mortgages. Take the big 3 (Wells, Chase and BoA). If they have 50 million mortgages between the 3 of them and 20% of people at one point won't be able to pay their mortgage due to loss of income or other factors, this presents a risk factor. Although interest payments are still good, reducing their principal and interest keeps them tied down for additional (or sometimes shorter) time, but now they are more likely to keep getting those payments. That's why credit cards back in 07 and 08 reduced limits for customers. The risk factor is huge now for these financial institutions. Do your research, sometimes a refi isn't the best option. Sometimes it is.
"Bitcoin Well, the market cap is still way too low to transfer ""huge"" amounts of money, but that's hopefully a temporary problem. See also Bitcoin Stackexchange for further questions."
I think Buffet is a strong indication that the writing is on the wall for Walmart. It may take a few years, but the peak has happened. And Walmart doesn't have the executive culture to pull off anything that will gain ground against Amazon: Amazon's thing is to continually reinvest money into expansion and forgo tidy profits. Walmart is a cash cow to make the Waltons and gang a bundle of money for their debauchery.
"Johnny.  I recently bought my first home as well, and I have worked in the credit business (not mortgage), so I think I can answer some of your questions.  Disclaimer first that I'm in NY, and home buying does vary from state to state. In my experience, pre-qual is not too different from pre-approval.  Neither represents any real committment on the part of the bank (i.e. they can still deny approval at any point), and both are based on pulling your credit bureau and calculating ratios based on your stated (probably not documented) financial information.  It's theoretically possible that a seller would choose a pre-approved buyer over a pre-qualified buyer, all other things being equal, but all other things are seldom equal. Remember also that you don't need to ultimately get a mortgage from the same bank that you use for the pre-qual.  The pre-qual just shows that you are probably credit-worthy and serves to give you some credibility with sellers.  Once you have an accepted offer and need to find a real mortgage, you can shop around for the best rate and best loan structure.  Banks don't need to have pulled your credit to quote rates, but they will need to have a general idea of your FICO range.  Once you find the bank you like with the best rate and actually apply for the loan, they will pull a hard bureau, and if your scores are different from what you said before, the rate may change, but within the same range, you'll generally be ok.  Also, banks do not necessarily pull all 3 bureaus; they may only pull 1, as it costs them for each pull. 2 potential downsides to this approach: Also, make sure you have a mortgage/funding clause in your contract, as banks are unpredictable, and make sure you have a great real estate lawyer, not a legal ""factory"" - the extra few hundred $ are worth it. Don't overthink this credit stuff too much.  Find a good house for a good price, and get a no-nonsense mortgage that you fully understand - no exotic stuff.  Good luck!"
Exactly, it's not like there's a shortage of rental properties or housing opportunities. There are a few hundred (if not thousand) within a 5 mile radius of my house alone, and they certainly don't all have the same terms.  Maybe you're not going to get into a gated white collar community, but I'm pretty sure you can secure a nice place in a nice neighborhood even if your credit score is somewhere between ass and the toilet.
"I think you underestimate the power politics and favoratism play in teacher ratings and the impact of local school systems.  Until/unless the us moves to a national system then the notion of ""good"" and ""bad"" teachers is entirely up to the officials who oversee the teacher and thus more a matter of politics than any sort of absolute rating.  Indeed I'd suggest a quantiative rating is not only infeasible but impossible."
You should probably get a professional tax advice, as it is very specific to the Philipines tax laws and the US-Philippine tax treaty. What I know, however, is that if it was the other way around - you paying a foreigner coming to the US to consult you - you would be withholding 30% of their pay for the IRS which they would be claiming for refund on their own later. So if the US does it to others - I'm not surprised to hear that others do it to the US.  Get a professional advice on what and how you should be doing. In any case, foreign taxes paid can be used to offset your US taxes using form 1116 up to some extent.
In addition to paypal, Amazon also offers a payment processing service that has micropayment pricing: For Transactions < $10:
I'll agree that some variance in wage between city and rural makes sense. The whole, more restaurants are now closing because of hikes in staff wages is pretty misleading. About 60% of hospitality ventures fail in the first three years and that's across the board before any wage change discussion. Requiring workers to be paid more, requires the employer to make adjustments to the business model. This added level of operating complexity is sure to adversly impact some folks but presenting it as a major contributing factor to increased failure rates is a stretch.
I am confused as to why the author thinks people wouldn't do this.  If target wants to hand out free money they can be my guest.  edit: Target, PM me if you're interested in this sort of arrangement.
"Utter nonsense.  You wish to use force to make me comply with your version of social equity.  I want to use NO force upon anyone.  I merely want each person to dispose of their own property as they see fit until/unless they start to use fraud or force.   You cannot achieve what you want without using government jackboots to enforce it.  My vision is one of voluntary, non forceful, exchange of value.  The truth is that the ideological left continues to peddle this drool because it needs pretend victims in order to have any hope of having a foothold on political power.  This, in turn, means that the dregs of society are courted by the left - the substance abusers, the terminally lazy, the incompetent, the selfish, and the entitled are all the natural feeding ground for this ridiculous ideology.  But, as I said, you and yours are losing this battle, however subtly.  I have done a ton fo consulting for large companies over the past few years (remember, I am personally unwilling to hire anyone for my own company).  Guess that what they're doing?  They're outsourcing - first within the US to the right to work States to try and get away from the corrupt and greedy union thugs.  And secondly, they're moving jobs overseas wherever it makes sense.  For every American fool that majors in Womens'/Gay/Black Studies, Sociologogy, Psychology, or a host of other utterly useless majors, there are kids in China, India, Russia, and increasingly even Africa, that are studying useful arts like science, mathematics, and engineering.  The future of the US is being burned to the ground by geniuses like Obama and the left, and all you people can say is ""I want more, more, more.""  Good luck with that - within 40 years you will be the rest of the world's bitches."
I would say binomial tree, except your last sentence,  &gt; The probabilities of the various outcomes are unknown.  causes issues with that.   You could do a scenario analysis in which you compare values using different %chances of up vs. down.
Most of the bankruptcy is due to taking [or building over a period of time] a loan that one cannot service, if the interest rates rise, then the amount of money to repay the loan increases, when one doesnt pay the revised amount and keeps paying less, the over all debt keeps shooting through the roof ... a lower interest rate means that one can continue to pay the same amount ... and few missed payments do not cause as much as damage as it does when the rates are high.
Out Of The Dark OOTD is a budgeting and personal money management web app that does not require you to give out access to your bank accounts or even your personal identity.  It's a great tool for people with no financial experience with features like Cash Put-Aside and the Credit Card Debt Terminator and it has tons of instant guides explaining how to use every feature.  You can check it out at myootd.org.
Once your listing ends, the buyer who has purchased your item pays through Paypal within a window of allowed time (ie. 2-3 days). The item then gets marked as *'paid'* and a confirmation to you is sent.  Once you are paid, you, the seller, ship the item and marked the item as shipped, providing any necessary tracking numbers.  http://pages.ebay.ca/help/sell/sell-getstarted.html
In reality here is what is going to happen.  Other nations will continue to distance themselves from the dollar. China in its arrogance will make a premature move against the dollar but at the same time the dirty little secret is they are dancing on the edge of economic collapse right now. Some countries will move towards China further weakening the dollar but not destroying it. China is going to have a real drop very soon (*probably along with the US and other large nations*) then everyone is going to panic and flock back to the dollar because they don't know what else to do.
If your parents were resident but not domiciled in the UK and were using the Remittance Basis in the year when they got the income or gains from which they're now lending you this money that could trigger UK income tax and or capital gains tax on the money the transfer to the UK whether to an account of their own or directly to your account. If they were non resident or using Arising Basis or it was UK income then this is not an issue.
"I think a big part of the issue is ignorance. For instance, the US govt cannot default on its loans, yet you keep hearing people speak as if it could. The US govt also does not have to borrow to pay for anything, it creates its own money whenever it wants. These 2 facts often evade many people, and they feel the US govt should act like a household, business, or a state govt. This disconnect leads to a lot of confusion, and things like ""fiscal crisis"". Just remember Rahm Emanuel - don't let a crisis go to waste.  Disclaimer: this is not to say the US should create money whenever it wants without thought. However, the simple fact is it can. For those interested in more, check out Modern Monetary Theory (MMT). Its economic study in a world not based on gold standard, or convertible currency (fiat currency)."
The way the question is worded, it is slightly opinion based. Just to point out;   Tax benefits - Upto 50000 INR is tax free when invested here. This is actually 200,000 INR under 80C. So if you invest max of 150,000 in other instruments in 80C; you can still invest 50,000 into NPS. Hopefully it will provide some lumpsum money that I could probably use to buy a house / kid's education / kid's marriage. There are very few withdrawal options. Generally in the current scenario; By the time you retire; you would already have house, kid would have got married. Answers given the current data is it a worthwhile investment? It is a good investment option available. It is up to individual to select this or invest else where. If yes, would be better to fix choice at 50% in E and 25% in C and E or go for the auto choice? As you are young it is better to have max 50% in Equity and actively monitor this and change the percentage as you near the retirement age. If you don't have time, or are not financial savy, or one is plain simple lazy; going with Auto choice makes sense. bad investment because if you put the same money into equity oriented mutual funds then you will get better returns ... This depends. If you are currently investing everything into Equity; then yes at absolute level, the returns are high. However if you are investing into Equity and debt to achieve a balance, then NPS is doing it automatically for you. As the NPS has very low costs, there is substantial advantage. In some years [2013-2014?] the NPS equity return has been excellent and exceeded leading mutual funds. Other Aspect Edits: The Annuities need to invest in guaranteed risk free instruments; generally bonds. As the rates are locked for life, they need to factor things like average life expectancy, demographics, etc. This is largely statistical. Similar to how the Insurance premiums are decided. This is adjusted periodically. Say they offer 6.5% for 100 people. The investments into bonds is yielding only 6%. Then for next 100 people, they would offer 5.5%. However if the mortality increases, i.e. 50 people die at age of 70, they just need to adjust it to 5.75% for next 100 ... so there are quite a few parameters that go in and statical models output what the rate should be offered. At times the corpus manager may take a hedge to minimize downside. This is a specialized subject and there no dummies that show how rates are determined. It is also a trade secret.
"As JoeTaxpayer says, ""It's a very rare circumstance where an early 401(k) withdrawal actually makes any real economic sense."" Your statements that one year's salary for you is $60K and the combination of your spouse's income and yours puts you into the highest income tax bracket together lead to the conclusion that your spouse's income is considerably higher than yours. If this income will continue past your death (e.g. you two are not in a joint venture that will collapse when you pass away because she cannot do the work by herself), then it is very definitely to your joint advantage to leave your money in a tax-deferred account for as long as possible. Her income should be enough to cover the mortgage payments.  Also, rather than take the money out and paying taxes at a high rate right now, your  spouse can roll over the 401k money into an IRA and withdraw only small amounts per year, paying taxes spread over the years rather than in a lump sum."
What the comments above say is true, but one more thing is there. FD rates are directly proportional to loan rates. However, banks make money because loan rates will always be higher than FD rates.
I don't see it in any of the exchange feeds I've gone through, including the SIPs. Not sure if there's something wrong with Nasdaq Last Sale (I don't have that feed) but it should be putting out the exact same data as ITCH.
Zynga is based on a single point of failure, in an industry known even among technology companies as very faddish.  Netflix is different in that they actually have more than one content source, and if the MAFIAA drops Netflix, *nobody* will get to pick up the customers, they'll flee back to bittorrent.
Well they all went to college, but on the side did their own projects. They eventually dropped out because college wouldn't grant them wealth. They took leadership, and did it on their own.  I mean... would you still be in college knowing you built an enterprise that is currently taking off?? No.  It's stupid to say DONT GO TO COLLEGE OR DROP OUT OF COLLEGE BECAUSE YOULL BE GRANTED TO BECOME A BILLIONAIRE. That's absurd. These drop outs had a plan already.
Honest question, I've been seeing a lot of trump-tillerson and trump-PR embarrassment posts here, especially in the last week.    Are these economics-focused posts? I enjoy trump debates as much as the next redditor but this seems out of place to me.
Okay thanks, let's hope it's a relatively painless process to correct my mistake!   Really odd that my 401(k)s are traditional, I was so sure they weren't.  Maybe it's better then to open up a traditional IRA alongside the Roth, use that for rollovers, and just kick a few bucks into the Roth on occasion?
"Your first article is all about analyzing the effect of minimum wage on employment by looking at rents. Their analysis ""assumes peoples' utility functions in a particular city depend on wages plus amenities less the cost of rent available in that city""  Basically if wages go up (due to a minimum wage hike for example) the city is more desirable to live in and people would lay more to live there. That is not at all the mechanism you were talking about and would not apply for a national raise in minimum wage.   Why should I read the rest of your links when you didn't even read the first one?"
Actually the insertion part is interesting because they actually aren't middlemen just faster buyer's and sellers on the open market. They just buy what one person is selling and sell it to someone else who is at the same time looking to buy. So I guess the issue is the 'same time' isn't the same for all parties concerned. On the other hand both buyer and seller can set limits on the bounds of the price and only transact when someone meets their terms. If you are willing to accept 'whatever the market will bear' then it seems like you should be OK with getting it.
&gt;If you lived in a gang banger / drug dealer's house  right, because it's their house. As in, that person is the rightful and legitimate owner of that property.  Are you claiming that the US Federal Government is the rightful and legitimate owner of all the property of the United States?
"If you haven't been a US resident (not citizen, different rules apply) at the time you sold the stock in Europe but it was inside the same tax year that you moved to the US, you might want to have a look at the ""Dual Status"" part in IRS publication 519."
"It's viable for you,  but the ""investor"" is either stupid or willing and able to write off the investment as a gift for a friend in need, knowing it will probably end the friendship.  The banks make their money off of indebtedness, with the highest returns being on the highest risk loans . If the bank isn't willing to give you that debt on your own,  it's because they already know it's a bad debt. In this case,  trust the banks. If you can't come up with the downpayment on your own, you won't be able to meet your other commitments on this contract."
I'm assuming this is the US. Is this illegal? Are we likely to be caught? What could happen if   caught? If you sign an occupancy affidavit at closing that says you intend to move in within 60-days, with no intention of doing so, then you'll be committing fraud, specifically mortgage/occupancy fraud, a federal crime with potential for imprisonment and hefty fines. In general, moving in late is not something that's likely to be noticed, if the lender is getting their money then they probably don't care. Renting it out prior to moving in seems much riskier, especially if you live in a city/state that requires rental licensing, or are depending on rental income to carry the mortgage. No idea how frequently people are caught/punished for this type of fraud, but it hardly seems worth finding out.
Neither. Food, fuel, and tools. Books on how to make and use basic tools -- the books published for farmers who want to kluge their own solutions might be helpful. Heck, help defend a library; it will be beyond price as soon as things settle out a bit. Having skills like blacksmithing and knowing how to teach could go a long way. SF really has explored this in better detail than we could possibly cover here.
"&gt;I think its really funny when everyone says Bill Gates or Carlos Slim or anyone else like that is the ""richest""   No, it's not that funny.  While it may not be 100% accurate, it's useful to try to estimate such things."
Uh, yeah, it's all good because... I'm the consumer. My role is to pay for and receive a product or service I've deemed worth my dollar. Where in this are you confused? I'm not chief of Sharia morality police for corporate officers, I'm a guy going to the airport. And if United has the best flight to get me where I'm going I'll take that plane, too. I'm about getting the best product or service for the money spent, not trying to start a VC firm with no ROI by propping up businesses that don't offer what I want. Should I go slap a hundo down at the farmers market, too, and walk away without any food just because I like their business practices even though it's 15 miles out of my way compared to my grocery store across the street?   People get so up in arms about corporate operations now that instant data transfer allows you to become an alleged expert in a company's internal operations mere moments after a story breaks. The beauty of the market is I get to spend my dollar where I want to and you get to spend yours where you want to. If you don't like it, I hear North Korea is nice this time of year.
But what creates more business owners?  They don't pop up out of the ground, and there are always lots of people that want to make their own business.   Businesses need capital, they need startup funds.  Angel investors, VCs and banks provide the capital.
"Oh look, yet another Tesla circle-jerk.  r/""technology"" is leaking again.  You guys are a bunch of fucking sheep.  This is a knee-jerk reaction driven by their (prodigious) PR department because of the number of powertrain failures they've been experiencing."
Paying this off early is robbing yourself of the extra earning potential for this money.  Think of it as an interest free loan from your future self.  If you can otherwise use that money to get a better rate of return then you are better off putting it there.  Best options would normally be to use it to buy additional regular RRSPs, RESPs, or TFSA because of government benefits but even puting the extra into a GIC for a year is better than paying back home buyers plan early.
This industry is either you are in or you forever won't, and it started since highschool the time you picking your collage and major.... So for average Joe like me, I should be picking  a career in computer science instead... Now I am stuck as a supporting analyst with career ending nowhere...
"**I'm going to reemphasize this post for the OP**  &gt; Also, sales skills are key in this business, even in research, because if you're a sell-side analyst, half your job is going to see clients (i.e. sell to clients) with the sales people.  Agreed.  Agreed so hard.  Too many people think research roles in finance are like academia or some shit.  Who do people think pays for the research and who's role do they think it is to sell the research?  Sure as hell not your VP's or Manging Directors.  More importantly, sales skills are intrinsic in succeeding.  The core of sales is communication.  If you can't sell your research, how do you plan on selling yourself well enough to make VP/MD or to land a role at a HF doing research.  &gt; or is there room for the ""but I'm not good at this!"" excuse.  People who have that attitude are out the door just as quick as they finish that sentence.  Working at a BB the expected mentality is one of two possibilities:  * I'm good at this.  or  * I will be good at this (and very, very soon)  I know someone that took one comp sci course in college and placed Perl on their resume's.  They were offered the Quant Analyst role and learned they were expected to be fluent in Perl (knew enough to show in the interview she had *some* experience with Perl).  He spent the next week locked in their room teaching themselves and mastering coding in Perl.  This is the mentality of people who are successful on Wall St.  OP needs to learn this now or step out into a less competition intensive industry."
**Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco**  Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco is a book about the leveraged buyout (LBO) of RJR Nabisco, written by investigative journalists Bryan Burrough and John Helyar. The book is based upon a series of articles written by the authors for The Wall Street Journal. The book was later made into a made-for-TV movie by HBO, also called Barbarians at the Gate. The book centers on F. Ross Johnson, the CEO of RJR Nabisco, who planned to buy out the rest of the Nabisco shareholders.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/finance/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.23
"So Linda/Josie's initial plan was to have your dad pay money to (supposedly) help her get the gold chest. After he would have paid, there would have been another complication, and more yet (someone to bribe, a plane ticket to buy, transport to arrange, customs to handle, whatever, the list would last as long as there's money to take). Even if he does not have much money, the appeal of his share of the treasure could have been enough to tempt him to spend money he can't, or borrow, etc. Once ""she"" found out that he doesn't have any money and/or is apparently not willing to send any, ""she"" switched to a different scam: she would send him a large check, have him deposit it on his bank account, transfer most of the money (minus his generous share) to ""her"". Once the money is irreversibly transferred, the check will bounce. End result: 0 in the account before the transaction, minus a lot afterwards. It's quite simple: if an e-mail from a perfect stranger includes any of the following keywords, it's a scam:"
I agree with the first poster- the first step is to measure your spending and put it down into raw numbers. Once you have the raw numbers, you will feel a natural inclination to improve on those numbers. Set yourself a daily target for cash / incidental expenses. It doesnt have to be a crazy target - just something you can achieve easily. Mark a 'tick' mark next to every day on the calendar that you meet that target (or spend less than the target). Gradually the momentum from the past few 'ticks' will automatically compel you to want to tick off the next day.  At the end of each week, lower the target a little. You'll find that when you start measuring your expenditure, you become more aware of how you might be wasting money. All too often we just go out and buy stuff we don't need without really thinking about it.
"Working retail myself, I do not accept an unsigned card without verification.  If I received one I would ask for ID and verify the photo with the Name. I would also let the buyer know it was unsigned and remind them that anyone finding it can sign it and use the card without issue. Putting on the back of the card ""SEE ID"" is the way buyers have protected themselves from thieves as long as people are actually looking at the cards.  How does this protect?  1- a lost card cant be signed by a complete stranger as there is already writing on the card.  2- It provides a photo identification for use. I know with today's technology that this is going away and fewer people are actually checking but shame on those companies who handle the cards and don't look. Obviously this process does not apply to self checks, but safety protocols there require a pin of some form that only the authorized user should know."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.theweek.co.uk/88506/us-lost-2bn-in-tourism-in-first-months-of-2017) reduced by 80%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Tourist visits to the US dropped by 4.2% in the early months of 2017, raising fears of a &amp;quot;Trump slump&amp;quot; following the November 2016 presidential elections.  &gt; The news follows months of &amp;quot;Warnings from the travel industry about the negative impact of increased travel restrictions from the Trump administration&amp;quot;, the BBC reports.  &gt; The decline in international tourism comes months after a survey by global polling company Pew found a significant drop in US prestige around the world since Trump came to power.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/72jwy1/us_lost_2bn_in_tourism_in_first_months_of_2017/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~216751 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **travel**^#1 **year**^#2 **Trump**^#3 **reports**^#4 **international**^#5"
"Thank you I am obviously pretty new and just starting to learn about it.  As I am declaring finance my major in the fall.  Edit: How do I go about trading options is it a viable route for some ""broke"" college kid?"
I can understand your fears, and there is nothing wrong with taking action to protect yourself from them. How much income do you need in retirement?  For arguments sake, lets say you need to pull 36K per year from your 401K or 3K per month.  Lets also assume that you current contribute (with any match) 1,000 per month.  Please adjust to your actual numbers accordingly. One option would be to pull out 48K right now and put it in a money market.  With your contributions, I would then put half into the money market and half into more aggressive investments.  In 10 years, you would have about 110K in your money market account.  You could live off of that for three years.  If the market does crash, this should give you plenty of time to recover. Taking this option opens you to another risk, which is being beat up by inflation or lack of growth on a nice pile of cash.  My time frame is not that different then yours (I am about 12 years away), but am still all in stocks.  Having 48K and more with not opportunity for growth frightens me more than any temporary stock market crash. Having said that I think it would be a horrible mistake to get completely out of stocks.  Many of those destroyed in 2008 also missed 2012 through 2014 which were awesome years.  So do some.  Set aside a year or three of income in something nice and safe.  Maybe one year of income in money market, one in bonds and preferred stocks, and one in blue chips.
This will probably end up as a case study in business schools on what not to do.  They pull the ads after pressure from a bigoted, xenophobic evangelical group in Florida, and then issue a couple of confusing press releases trying to explain their actions.
&gt; A service provider that prevents competition by making it illegal to compete.   I don't know what you mean. There is a lot of competition.  * At least every two years you can replace a majority of the decision makers.  * You are perfectly free to get services from another provider like private roads or charter schools. * you are free to move to another city/county/state which has enacted laws you like. * you are also free to immigrate outside the US if the Federal Government is the issue.  &gt; Every other insurance program allows you to opt out.   You can opt-out any time you like!  I think your objection is that you have to forgo the product that is America to opt-out of the American government service provider.  Do you know of any company that will give you services for free and not exploit you?
Interesting idea, except I know for a fact that the applying for and getting SSDI payments is not easy, simple, or quick. It commonly requires years or appeals, and the assistance of a lawyer just to have a chance. It's literally more complex and expensive than working. So, under what diagnoses are these so called able-bodied americans getting through?
I don't need to back anything up.  It will do him good and will help him stand out.  Explain why this is not the case - it's on you dumbass.  I made the comment 1st, so if you want to refute it then you need to provide proof that my opinion is invalid.  As well, I'm reporting you yet again because you're still acting like a child.  You're verbally attacking a stranger because of an opinion.  Maybe you have an MBA, maybe you don't... one way or another you don't deserve to be called an adult.  This is the 3rd attempt to ask you to be civil and you continue to be insulting, like somehow being Mr. Big on the interwebs makes you special.  Grow up you idiot.
Rauner is just the latest version of people like Mitt Romney who think because they can run a business they can run the government, except worse because at least Romney wasn't a completely useless governor. All the financial acumen in the world doesn't count for shit in politics when no one likes you and you aren't interested in getting them to like you. Maybe it's stupid but that's democracy, unfortunately.
Have you bought different brand of shoes?    &gt;Is there a difference perhaps in womens sizing, or what gives?  It exists for men's as well.  With one brand I get a size 15 but with another I get a 14 because they cut their shoes on the longer side.
Appication Packaging as-a-Service enables IT pros like you to create custom packaged apps for slick, dialog-free 'silent installs'. The process will take just a few minutes, even if you've never packaged an app in your life. All you need to do is sign up and... get Apptimized!
It's one of those things where it was meant, economically, for the first purpose (opportunity cost) but has been used by big corporations for the later since you have to have international divisions to really even make it work (to some degree it does on the state level; however, the tax breaks aren't really big enough for it to make sense since the Federal is the big one).   It's also a huge reason why big corps have such low effective domestic tax rates on big profits and why the government is debating about restructuring tax law to prevent most forms of FTP'ing (you'd pay taxes on Gross Income essentially. It gets MUCH more complicated than that but France effectively does this now).  Also, it's very much an accounting thing, and accountants tend not to have a big seat at the table. Hence, the reasoning behind stuff often get lost on upper mgmt (or they fire the accountant, etc.). That's a BIG part of why it often makes things worse even when when the principal makes sense economically...
I've used Soundcloud for years and don't even know what player comments are?  Do people comment on sounds?  I don't think I've ever done that.  Is that even accessible through the app?  I only use it through the app (which is terrible).
Still not following. There were a whole bunch of places that outlawed slavery long before it went 'mainstream' in the US with the civil war  I mean, what do you want, a history of the abolition movement because it sure as hell wasn't started by some guys sitting round going 'hey, owning people is bad mkay?' for their feelie weelies.
"&gt;Are you being paid by the word?  I'm not religious. I think the bible is full of fairy tales. So no! I just don't like being stolen from and having it whitewashed as ""the ends justify the means"". Which is crap. Theft is theft no matter who does it for you. A badge or costume does not change that fact. Your rights end where someone else's rights begin. If your ""solution"" requires theft and violence to pay for it, it isn't much of a ""solution"" then."
"Do you guys know any options that are accessible to any global citizen? Prepaid and stored value cards are anonymous. For an arbitrary reason, the really anonymous ones only allow you to load $500 but there is no regulation that dictates this amount. In the USA, these cards are exempt from being declared at border crossings. Not because they look like credit cards, but because they are exempt by the US Treasury and Customs. The cons is that there are generally fees to use them. US DOJ has done research showing that some groups take advantage of the exemption moving upwards of $50,000 a day between borders, but Congress is fine with this exemption and the burden is always on the government to determine ""illicit origin"". Stigmatizing how money is moved is only a 30 year old phenomenon, but many free nations do not really have capital controls, they only care that you pay taxes and that the integrity of their stock markets are upheld. Aside from that there are no qualms about anonymity, except from your neighbors but they dont matter for a global citizen. In theory, the UK should have more flexibility in anonymity options, such as stored value cards with higher limits."
One last thing...   Would you mind making up a spreadsheet of *ALL* of your finances? Income, expenses, etc. If you do not want to share it publicly, I would be glad to help you via PM. I am doing quite well with money and fixing past mistakes (make only $12/hr, work overtime just to pay bills, but have $10,000 in credit, with no balances, etc.).   Let me know! :)
I'm afraid you're mistaking 401k as an investment vehicle. It's not. It is a vehicle for retirement. Roth 401k/IRA has the benefit of tax free distributions at retirement, and as long as you're in the low tax bracket - it is for your benefit to take advantage of that. However, that is not the money you would be using to start a business or buy a home (except for maybe up to $10K you can withdraw without penalty for first time home buyers, but I wouldn't bother with $10k, if that's what will help you buying a house - maybe you shouldn't be buying at all). In addition, you should make sure you take advantage of the employer 401k match in full. That is free money added to your Traditional 401k retirement savings (taxed at distribution). Once you took the full advantage of the employer's match, and contributed as much as you consider necessary for your retirement above that (there are various retirement calculators on line that can help you in making that determination), everything else will probably go to taxable (regular) savings/investments.
Leather cuff watch band are available in a wide range of sizes and colours and they of course are one of the most incredibly desirable wrist accessory, wearing which on hand could make you feel the worth of carrying a spectacularly special addition.
Generally, if you watch for the detail in the fine print, and stay away from non-FDIC insured investments, there is little difference, so yes, pick the highest you can get. The offered interest rate is influenced by what the banks are trying to accomplish, and how their current and desired customer base thinks. Some banks have customer bases with very conservative behavior, which will stick with them because they trust them no matter what, so a low interest rate is good enough. The disadvantage for the bank is that such customers prefer brick-and-mortar contact, which is expensive for the bank. Or maybe the bank has already more cash than they need, and has no good way to invest it. Other banks might need more cash flow to be able to get stronger in the mortgage market, and their way of getting that is to offer higher interest rates, so new customers come and invest new money (which the bank in turn can then mortgage out). They also may offer higher rates for online handling only. Overall, there are many different ways to make money as a bank, and they diversify into different niches with other focuses, and that comes with offering quite different interest rates.
Ha, I thought you would backpeddle. An indefensible stance is indefensible unfortunately, sorry bro.   I can't imagine how your mind works if you don't see this clearly. Life must be rough seeing it through shit stained glasses. Get some help, boy.   Look, if muslims weren't running around fucking people up, I wouldn't give a fuck about them. I'd leave them in peace. But that's not the case and we both know it. Trying to hide it is insanity.   And if you happen to be one of the good muslims, I feel bad for you. I really do. But you have to realize you are part of a terrorist organization, not a religion, and you need to get out and find something else to worship if you really need it.
ETFs trade on specific exchanges. If your broker deals with those exchanges, you should have access to the ETF. If your broker does not deal with that exchange, then you will not have access through that broker. This is different than, say, mutual funds, which don't trade on the exchanges are proprietary to certain brokerages or financial institutions.
gross profits 2011 31 billion http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Wal-Mart_(WMT)/Data/Gross_Profit/2011/Q1  Net income 16.99 income http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Wal-Mart_(WMT)/Data/Net_Income/2011  The simple truth is that companies that post these sort of net profits are basically off loading the cost of their labor onto the taxpayer by paying a non-livable wage.  And we let them. Americans need to remember why they unionized a hundred years ago and grow some balls again. Corps are able to do shit like this only because we (the people) let them.
The only reason I can think of is that the bonds are bought automatically by some investment pools, groups or institutions. That will stop very quickly once the management finds some other place to put the money.
"I'm not certain about international transfers, but that amount is large enough that it could be subject to gift tax. https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Frequently-Asked-Questions-on-Gift-Taxes Note that the threshold for this tax is ""per person, per person"". For example, if you gave your father $12,5k, and gave your mother $12.5k, and your wife gave them each the same amounts, each of those gifts is small enough to be within the $14,000 exclusion and you and your wife would owe no gift tax. If you aren't married, you might want to spread this gift over two years to stay under that threshold."
"I bought a car a few years ago. The salesman had the order, I knew the car I wanted and we had a price agreed on. When I refused the payment plan/loan, his manager came over and did a hard sell. ""99% of buyers take the financing"" was the best he could do. I told him I was going to be part of the 1%. With rates so low, his 2 or 3% offer was higher than my own cost of money. He went so far as to say that I could just pay it off the first month. Last, instead of accepting a personal check and letting me pick up the car after it cleared, he insisted on a bank check to start the registration process. (This was an example of one dealer, illustrating the point.) In other cases, for a TV, a big box store (e.g. Best Buy) isn't going to deal for cash, but a small privately owned ""mom and pop"" shop might.  The fees they are charged are pretty fixed, they don't pay a higher fee cause I get 2% cash back, vs your mastercard that might offer less."
"I would contribute to the Roth over the course of the year assuming the worst case scenario (actually the best base from another POV, since you're making more money!). Save the rest of the money in a regular account, and make your final, ""top off"" contribution when you compute your final AGI for 2011 taxes. You have until April 15, 2012 to make tax year 2011 contributions. I'm in a similar situation due to my wife's overtime, which is very variable from year to year. At this point, I don't make any IRA contributions until I do my taxes."
Not at all, no effect whatsoever.
Mrs. Nahles also proposed to make god gender neutral back when she was family or female minister (don't remember), for equality. I mean really??   I'm not even faithful and can't stop laughing.   I wouldn't take her word on the case to matter.  Sad that my taxes go to such kind of politicians.  Also she is in the SPD and elections are on Sunday.
If you take out a personal loan, rather than a mortgage or car loan or hire-purchase agreement or other loan that's for making a specific purchase, then you can do whatever you want with the money. Send it abroad, burn it, spend it on expensive whisky -- it's up to you. The country you want to send the money to might have rules on transferring money into the country, but there will be no impediment at the UK end.
"Sure, and everything you've said here is absolutely true for a fully immunized portfolio.  What the OP suggests is that it's simply impossible to effectively defease future obligations.  He is pitching not so much finance as he is a political philosophy that can be summed up by ""defined benefit plans are impediments to competition.""  In the OP's world, the business of life and casualty insurance would implode within a few years of inception.  Actuarial science would be dismissed as mathematical witchcraft.  We would see company after company laid low by overwhelming future obligations against which they have no defense.  Rather, what we have are instances of *poor financial management.*  As opposed to the fine examples set by insurers, endowments, foundations, etc. (all of which can remain successful ongoing concerns in perpetuity), what we have are businesses who decided that it would be better to cut corners and bet on risk, rather than to take the safer (but more expensive) route and effectively manage their assets in relation to their liabilities.    He then goes on to suggest that, in laying off their problems, business are simply ""doing everybody a favor.""  These business (and their highly educated financial managers) are taking their flaming piles of shit, handing it over to the guy whose expertise most likely involves the repetitive operation of a machine, and saying ""here you go, this is a good deal for you, enjoy managing your future!"""
The core issue is to understand what 'selling a share' means. There is no special person or company that takes the share from you; you are selling on the open market. So your question is effectively 'can I find a guy on the street that buys a 10$-bill for 11$ ?'  - Well, maybe someone is dumb enough, but chances are slim.
OTA channels. You only lose MNF compared to basic cable. I listen to the radio for baseball games.   Which works out pretty well, since I hardly ever actually watched baseball games when I had cable. I'm always surfing reddit or doing something else around the house when they are on.   And on the rare occasion that there is a game on that I want to see and it is on cable only, I go to my local sports bar.
He's an investor, not an economist, and he's making a common error of not considering the political rich separately from the economic rich.   The economic rich make the world a better place by creating goods and services people are willing to pay for.   The political rich use government to stack the deck in their favor and collect revenue without providing comparably valuable good or services in return.
Why are there taxi regulations in the first place? I mean if Uber was able to provide such a comparable service without taxi regulations then why do we need them? Obviously the people have spoken with their wallets and I don't think Uber has killed or seriously hurt someone(correct me if I'm wrong).   As far as I'm concerned the only reason these regulations exist is to make cabs more expensive and give the local government more money from cabs as a service. But Uber actually creates a lower burden on the government because they have ride sharing which means that less people are on the roads which is definitely a good thing.   Please tell me I'm wrong. I'm genuinely asking.
"My idea if I had it done would make way over $200,000. $200,000 would only scratch the surface if the business got started up. You sir are the actual idiot for acting like you know everything about my idea without any evidence whatsoever. The idea has 100% never been done before, and that's a fact. You can't call someone's idea a terrible one without knowing what it is so I will keep going for my goal because people like you will come and go as much as you please. I said ""I'm confident my business would be successful"" you don't need research to have hope and determination. I pity the guy who went out of his at in an attempt to discourage my dream. I hope to get back to you after my business gets the wheels rolling, so I can take everything you just said to me and shove it up your ass while you continue to hate on everything and everyone. Fuck face"
I think it depends a lot on your idea of how you should relate to your neighbors. Personally, I think that I should be allowed to do just about whatever I want with my property, and I grant my neighbor the same right. If my neighbor wants to paint his house purple with orange stripes and fill his front lawn with pink flamingos, I think that's his right. If I don't like it, I don't have to look at his house. (I would draw the line at things that I cannot avoid by simply looking the other way, like running jet engines in his back yard at 2 in the morning, as I could not avoid the noise. Or dumping toxic waste on the street, as it will cause health problems. Etc.) Others think it IS their business what their neighbor does with his property and want to be able to control it. They want someone who has the authority to force everyone in the neighborhood to paint their house in colors deemed acceptable, to meet certain requirements for yard work. And that's what Home Owners Associations are for: to require that everyone in the neighborhood maintain their property according to a standard set by the HOA, which should theoretically represent the wishes of the majority. Of course the price you pay for giving you the right to tell your neighbor what kind of fence he is allowed to have is that now your neighbors can tell you what kind of fence you can have. Advocates of HOAs often say that they are necessary to protect property values. Personally I think this is something of a circular argument: I must have the right to prevent my neighbor from doing something that, in my opinion, makes his house ugly, not because I necessarily have no choice but to stare out my window at his house all day and be repulsed by it, but because someday I may want to sell my house to someone who will have no choice but to stare out the window at his house all day and be repulsed by it and so will not want to buy my house. Of course if we all just minded our own business, this wouldn't be an issue. Okay, this was pretty much an anti-HOA post, but I did TRY to state the other side of it.
It's not stealing from people who create value. Or create jobs. Taxing money earned by dividends isn't harming anyone. Simple math says if you're paying 10m in taxes it's because you didn't use your wealth to create jobs. And someone who paid 10m in taxes isn't going to decide not to buy that 10k ring because they paid 20m and only have 40 left for the year. Walmart makes 15b a year they're not going to create more jobs or wealth because they made 20b with a tax cut. Lowering taxes will only be beneficial to the middle class due to the fact they are the ones stimulating the economy. It's easy to live paycheck to paycheck making 120k a year when you actually get to enjoy life.
"As others have noted, US law says that if you have over half the bill, it's worth the full value, under half is worth nothing. I presume if it is very close to half, if even careful measurements show that you have 50.5%, you'll have difficulty cashing it in, precisely because the government and the banking system aren't going to allow themselves to be easily fooled by someone cutting bills in half and then trying to redeem both halves. I've seen several comments on here about how you'd explain to the bank how so many bills were cut in half. What if you just told them the truth? Not the part about killing someone, of course, but tell them that you made a deal, neither of you wanted to bother with complex contracts and having to go to court if the other side didn't pay up, so your buddy cut all the bills in half, etc. As you now have both halves and they clearly have the same serial number, this no real evidence of fraud. Okay, this is technically illegal -- 18 US Code Section 333, ""Whoever mutilates, CUTS, defaces, disfigures, or perforates, or unites or cements together, or does any other thing to any bank bill, draft, note, or other evidence of debt issued by any national banking association, or Federal Reserve bank, or the Federal Reserve System, with intent to render such bank bill, draft, note, or other evidence of debt unfit to be reissued, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than six months, or both."" But you didn't do it, the other guy did. I presume the point of this law is to say that you can't get a hold of currency belonging to someone else and mutilate it so as to make it worthless. As he's now given you both halves, I doubt anyone would bother to track him down and prosecute him. Just BTW, while checking up on the details of the law, I stumbled across 18 USC 336, which says that it's illegal to write a check for less than $1, with penalties of 6 months in prison. I just got a check from AT&T for 15 cents for one of those class action suits where the lawyers get $100 million and the victims get 15 cents each. Apparently that was illegal."
To avoid risk from rising interest rates, get a fixed rate mortgage. For the life of the mortgage your principal and interest payments will remain the same. Keep in mind that the taxes and insurance portion of your monthly payment may still go up. Because you own the property, the costs to maintain the property are your responsibility. If you rented this would be the responsibility of the owner of the property; if the cost to repair and maintain goes up so does the rent. Because you are the owner your annual costs to repair and maintain may go up over time. The way to eliminate risk of loss of value is to never move, until the mortgage is paid off. You will know exactly what principal and interest will cost you over the life of the loan. When you sell that will be essentially return on your payments. You don't know if the loss of value is due to world, national, regional, local or individual circumstances. so hedging is tough. If the fact that the mortgage is 95% is what makes you nervous, your biggest risk is risk of being upside down. That risk is greatly reduced by increasing the amount of the down payment. That decreases the risk that the value will be below the mortgage amount if due to unforeseen circumstances you have to sell immediately. The money will still be lost due to decrease in value, but you aren't forced to bring cash to the settlement table if you need to sell.
GIC perhaps? These would be quite similar to Certificates of Deposit where one is agreeing to lock up their money for a term and be paid a percentage for doing so. There are various kinds as some may be linked to market returns in some cases and others are just simple interest.
Is there evidence of Russian money laundering through bitcoin or is this your assumption? As I understand it laundering through btc would require you to explain why your wallet has millions in it, doesn't seem useful  Edit: unless you maybe distributed the bitcoin to fake users and had them spend it on your own digital services? Would people be able to track the coins through the ledger and see that you're indirectly circulating coins from your personal wallet to your business one? I don't know I'm in too deep now
http://www.Mvelopes.com Mvelopes is envelope-style budgeting in an online application. I've tried all of the other applications and I choose to pay for this one for the following reasons:
Careful, here.  The last time we got a bill from the doctor's office because they made a billing mistake it turns out the bill was a mistake.  Before you pay anything go through the list of charges and payments and make sure it's accurate.  (In our case she went to an appointment and was then told there was no reason for the doctor to see her that day.  Several months later a bill for the visit showed up--except they hadn't kept straight what payment was for what visit so it took some digging to figure out what had happened.
"How can I make sure? You can't make sure. Here is what is promised: (Obviously things have to be done in this order). Here is what will actually happen: The only way to ""make sure"" is to give all the information and watch the money disappear from your account. I advise against that."
It's my understanding that deferred revenue will be included as income as the services are rendered. In this way, gains originating from deferred revenue are not recognized until they are actually earned.  It's a formality so the accounting adheres to the matching principle. It may help to view a DR as an advance payment (say like what an airline may do with ticket purchases that occur before the flight).   It sounds like you're wanting to penalize the business for having to eventually provide a service. But I don't know if that would be accurate, I mean, from the business's perspective, isn't it always preferable to be paid in advance? Are you concerned the company may not have any recourse should the customer try to back out or something?  I don't think I'm understanding your question, could you come at it from another angle to explain it?
Do you want to give your table new look? Get customize round vinyl tablecloths and bring new life to your table. We deals in all kind of tablecloths including Special sizes to meet customer need. Ring us at 800 477-5638! For any query!
Lets pretend that TELSA decided to split its stock 10 shares for 1. Now the stock is $35 dollars- would that make you happy?  You dont have any idea how companies are valued.   Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Class A NYSE: BRK.A - Oct 31, 12:58 PM EDT 280,210.00 USD
"It is your name, or the fictitious name under which you operate. For example, if your freelance front end is called ""Zolani the 13th, LLC"", then that's the name you want to appear on the check, and not ""Mr. John Zolani Doe"" that is written in your birth certificate."
Actually, those claims are well supported and if expressimg yourself in a written document that you have to open up yourself to read is creating a hostile work environment, then the HWE is more like a tool for ideological witch hunting.   There are workers rights and processes for firing people.  This is definitely not the end of the story, he can easily sue.
There is a very popular opinion on Reddit that automation and robotics will be terrible for the economy. I think the positives outweigh the negatives. Whether you are for or against, this brings us one step closer to a post-scarcity economy.
Ich war lange auf der Suche nach einem Pflegedienst zur Tagespflege meiner Eltern in Hamburg und habe viele Services analysiert. Der hier ist mir bisher am besten aufgefallen, weil wir einen Migrationshintergrund haben und dieser Dienst genau dafür gedacht ist. Hier sind ein paar Bookmarks vom AKS Pflegeteam.
When one of you has a grievance against another, does he dare go to law before the unrighteous instead of the saints? 2 Or do you not know that the saints will judge the world? And if the world is to be judged by you, are you incompetent to try trivial cases? 3 Do you not know that we are to judge angels? How much more, then, matters pertaining to this life! 4 So if you have such cases, why do you lay them before those who have no standing in the church? 5  I say this to your shame. Can it be that there is no one among you wise enough to settle a dispute between the brothers, 6 but brother goes to law against brother, and that before unbelievers? 7 To have lawsuits at all with one another is already a defeat for you. Why not rather suffer wrong? Why not rather be defrauded? 8 But you yourselves wrong and defraud—even your own brothers!  1 Corinthians 6:1-8
The point was not to persuade people to go for a megacorp over a startup. What she mostly preaches is that you can make a living for yourself. If you are going to put 100 hours in at a startup why not just develop your own product?
No.   The article needs to have business as its central focus. Not as something which one can extrapolate as a consequence. This is a health article not a business article.  I have, quite sadly, removed it. Even though I liked it and found it informative and hopeful.    It would be great if some day the admins gave us the power to move submissions to more appropriate subreddits rather than remove them. Oh to dream.
Free business listings in India are currently one of the biggest platforms for promoting your business. This is where you can list your products for free and attain new heights if success with the amount of attention you garner. There are a lot of benefits of registering your business with an online directory.  http://www.businessinfolink.com/
Call centres are also looking to the future for the return of economic prosperity. Discretionary spending on strategic goals designed to ensure that they will be poised to benefit from the upturn has increased. Most discretionary spending has been allotted for technology enhancements. By investing in technology, the centres are anticipating that the new technologies will deliver benefits in the form of lower operating costs and improved customer satisfaction.
"&gt; I do not reside on the right and have never voted for a Republican candidate.  I don't believe you. The words you're using are pretty much verbatim from the ""crush-the-immigrants"" right-wing spin machine. Such as:  &gt; It rewards those who willfully disregarded America's legal system and subsequently punishes those that respected it. &gt; &gt;America should not reward the immoral, regardless of the color they may happen to be. &gt; &gt; Non-citizens who see themselves as above the law should be punished and sent home.   Why focus on non-citizens? If you want to be consistent, you should be in favor of destroying the lives of U.S. citizen jaywalkers, litterers, vandals, etc. too. Because that's the level of punishment that you're proposing to be applied. Gotta be consistent on levels of punishment if you don't want to be called out as a hypocrite after all.  I think Wisconsin dairy farmers are already getting a taste of what life is going to be like if they follow your solution, and they're already unhappy about how much harder it is to do business. I guess you hate American farmers as well, eh?  If your big beef is people committing crimes &amp; not getting punished, then I'll modify my solution a little for you:  Illegal immigrant that hasn't done anything violent? $100 fine, then they can apply for legal immigrant status - voila! criminal punished, and illegal immigration problem solved!"
Here's a sneak peek of /r/wisconsin using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/wisconsin/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!  \#1: [WI Senate unanimously approves ban on collecting internet browser history](http://docs.legis.wisconsin.gov/2017/related/amendments/sb49/sa13_sb49) | [158 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/wisconsin/comments/63hnqq/wi_senate_unanimously_approves_ban_on_collecting/)   \#2: [Billboard in Paul Ryan's hometown is up!](https://i.redd.it/m1csjn8aodjy.png) | [69 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/wisconsin/comments/5xgj8w/billboard_in_paul_ryans_hometown_is_up/)   \#3: [Welcome to Wisconsin..](https://i.redd.it/fscld6gt9bmz.jpg) | [76 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/wisconsin/comments/70jg4j/welcome_to_wisconsin/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| ^^Now ^^with ^^97% ^^less ^^bold ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)
"In the US you are not required to have a corporation to use business expenses to offset your income. The technical term you need is ""deducting business expenses"", and in matters of taxes it's usually best to go straight to the horse's mouth: the IRS's explanations Deducting Business Expenses  Business expenses are the cost of carrying   on a trade or business. These expenses are usually deductible if the   business operates to make a profit.  What Can I Deduct? Cost of Goods   Sold, Capital Expenses, Personal versus Business Expenses, Business Use   of Your Home, Business Use of Your Car, Other Types of Business Expenses None of this requires any special incorporation or tax arrangements, and are a normal part of operating a business.  However, there is a bit of a problem with your scenario. You said you ""invested"" into a business, but you mentioned buying specific things for the business which is not generally how one accounts for investment. If you are not an owner/operator of the business, then the scenario is not so straight-forward, as you can't simply claim someone else's business expenses as your own because you invested in it. Investments are taxed differently than expenses, and based upon your word choices I'm concerned that you could be getting yourself into a bit of a pickle. I would strongly advise you to speak with a professional, such as a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), to go over your current arrangement and advise you on how you should be structuring your ongoing investment into this shared business. If you are investing you should be receiving equity to reflect your ownership (or stock in the company, etc), and investments of this sort generally cannot be deducted as an expense on your taxes - it's just an investment, the same as buying stock or CDs. If you are just buying things for someone else's benefit, it's possible that this could be looked upon as a personal gift, and you may be in a precarious legal position as well (where the money is, indeed, just a gift). And gifts of this sort aren't deductible, either.  Depending on how this is all structured, it's possible that you should both consider a different form of legal organization, such as a formal corporation or at least an official business partnership. A CPA and an appropriate business attorney should be able to advise you for a nominal (few hundred dollars, at most) fee. If a new legal structure is advisable, you can potentially do the work yourself for a few hundred dollars, or pay to have it done (especially if the situation is more complex) for a few hundred to a few thousand. That's a lot less than you'd be on the hook for if this business is being accounted for improperly, or if either of your tax returns are being reported improperly!"
&gt;they're the type of company willing to sell people really nasty shit just to make a buck (in my opinion).  I mean, that describes every fast food chain, every bar, and every business that sells soda or candy on the premises.
Dumb question but if Americans spend 100B$ each year on fast food how are they bringing in 110B$ annual revenue?  Edit: Whoops thats from 2000. That's pretty interesting though. Does that mean the fast-food industry has only seen a 10B dollar increase in the last 14 years?
R H Power Utilities Pvt Ltd Services is consistently rising and increasing our Spindle Repair services. Today, we provide advanced spindle analysis and testing, and repairs and rebuilds. we have associate degree extensively trained and fully fledged team of engineers and technicians maintaining with the foremost recent advances within the spindle bearing, spindle motor and spindle equipment – all to satisfy dynamical client needs.
I suggest you talk to a New York-licensed tax adviser (EA or NY-licensed CPA). New York is very aggressive when it comes to residency determination, and given your facts and circumstances you may end up being considered NY resident despite relocating to Florida. If you maintain a studio in NY, I'd say 99% chance is that you remain NY resident for the whole year (but verify with a professional).
"Oh please. Most of the unsecured creditors who get screwed in bankruptcy are large banks. They know the risk going in which is why unsecured lends at a high interest rate. Yes, trade creditors often do get screwed but it's a cost of doing business -- it's why a vendor needs to monitor its receivables and watch for signs of insolvency and adjust the terms of trade accordingly.  You should have made sure you were covered by brokerage insurance before handing money to a company like that. The ""I'm the little guy"" argument is just weak."
His 'brand' is exactly the point of my original post, not so much his career as a cyclist. His name is tarnished, but to what extent? Consequently, for marketing purposes, I think a discussion of exactly how much does it matter? Yes he has been defamed, but he is still recognizable. How much is his 'brand' worth.   For Example, back in '08, it was very clear that many large banks were involved from the top down in screwing millions of Americans out of billions of dollars in assets, and equity. These banks gained a bad reputation because of this, but very very few of the large ones have gone away. Yes the value of their brand has diminished, but clearly not disappeared.
Does the 401(k) get any match? Whatever you do, don't lose the match. Without more detail, it's tough. Will you lose more sleep for the debt rising, or for the retire account not?  It seems your debt is well managed, a year to zero? A student loan wouldn't scare me.
Since you are trying to compare corporate bonds that have a defined coupon over the specified time of the bond. Why not use a simple Net Present Value (NPV) calculation. Refer: Net Present Value (NPV) You could use the discounting factor as the current repo rate of your central bank. As I said, this would be a simple fast measure (not considering risk rating of the bonds, inflation and other considerations). Take a notional 1000 as invetment in each instrument and calculate the NPV, higher it is better the investment. Another method, in terms of percentage return would be Internal rate of Return (IRR). Though the calcualtionis a bit more complicated, it would give you a percentage figure. Note, the above 2 measures are used when the cashflow over the time period is known. It will not work for instruments where the cashflow/value over different time are not known. Like stocks.
"You probably have enough math to satisfy a program as an incoming student. However, GMAT will matter a lot. The Ivys and their equivalents are going to have more applicants with perfect gmats and higher math backgrounds than they can take. If you can't distinguish yourself with connections from well published professors who can write good letters for you, then they're probably out of reach. Which means almost surely that you won't get a job at an ivy or equivalent as they are pretty incestuous.   Basically, if you go on the market without a top tier publication before you go out, or without a huge endorsement from a big name, your best outcome is to land at a school that is the same level as the one from which you receive your degree. And you had better have at least 1 decent pub or R&amp;R, or a presentation at a top conference with a good pipeline to hope for that.  More likely outcome is you have a good job market paper, decent pipeline, maybe a few conference presentations, but no pub or R&amp;R, in which case the most likely outcome for you is a step down from the tier of school you were at. So if you were at a flagship state program, then you will end up in the second tier state programs. The worse your portfolio on the market the farther you fall.  So if your goal is a flagship state program, then you need to be aiming as high as absolutely possible. And the chances of getting into those programs are progressively smaller the higher you shoot. The flagship state schools (like UT) and the Ivy/equivalents (like Harvard/Berkley etc.) will get hundreds if not thousands of applicants. Ones with backgrounds in working finance or econ, or worse I had two physics phd holders start in my cohort with me (so you have no chance to compete with that kind of math and programming experience), perfect gmats/gres, and great recommendations. It is very hard, but you can't win if you don't play I suppose. I would wager that the average number of applications to programs sent by applicants is around 50, so why not aim a few of those applications high and see if anything sticks.   Computer language proficiency is a good thing to highlight, but won't win you any big awards. By the time you get out of your first year, every student should have proficiency in either Stata/R/Sas and have some python/perl/c# etc, depending on what area of research you go for. So you have a head start, but not for long.   Your best shot to improve your chances are good recommendations from professors you know that are research active and big names in their sub-fields and in the finance field as a whole. Next up would be to have an active interest in a research area, and be able to discuss/write about WHY you want to research that area. Don't just think about it, go look up papers that do that sort of research and see what they do and how they do it. So that you will know the limitations of that sort of research. When I interview a prospective student and they say ""I am interested in international finance research"" or any other sort of general field, I know they haven't got a clue what they're interested in. Which puts them behind again."
"As long as you're not trying to get a higher limit in order to actually spend more money, or might be tempted to do so, it's generally advantageous to have a higher limit if available. A large part of credit score is based on utilization rate (balance due at statement closing divided by credit limit). Basically, you want more than 0% and less than 30% or preferably less than 10% used. Doubling your credit limit halves your utilization rate. And it can be comforting to have it there ""in case you need it"" in some sort of emergency scenario. Caveats: There's no ""right"" or ""default"" amount of credit that you ""should have"" at any given point in your life. If you're using credit responsibly, and don't need more credit, there's no particular reason to ask for more credit. If you work at it and are patient, it's easy to eventually have tens of thousands of dollars of unused credit limits, but that doesn't really get you anywhere you need to be by itself."
"No one is going to explain why ""faster and faster trades ..... help business itself"", because faster trades don't help business. With HFT the stock market signals are completely divorced from business reality. The stock market is manipulated so that Primary Dealer banks can siphon off fortunes in tiny margins on billions of transactions"
"The answer is yes. And the reason is if today's interest rates are lower than the interest rate (coupon) at which the bond was issued. The bond's ""lifetime value"" is 100 cents on the dollar. That's the principal repayment that the investor will get on the maturity date. But suppose the bond's coupon rate is 4% while today's interest rate is 3%. Then, people who bought the bond at 100 would get 4% on their money, while everyone else was getting 3%. To compensate, a three year bond would have to rise to almost 103 so that the so-called yield to maturity"" would be 3%. Then there would be a ""capital loss"" (from almost 103 to 100) that would exactly offset the extra interest, that is 1% ""more"" for three years. If today's interest rates are negative (as they were from time to time in the 1930s, and in the present decade), the ""negative"" interest rates will prevent the buyer from getting the ""lifetime value"" (as defined by the OP) of principal plus interest over the original life of the bond. This happens in a ""flight to quality"" situation, where people are willing to take a (small) capital loss on Treasuries in order to prevent a large possible loss from bank failures like those that took place in 2008."
If you can get a mortgage with 10% downpayment and the seller will accept (some may want at least 20% downpayment for whatever reasons) and with PMI it still lower than your rent, sounds like it's a good idea to buy now.  Of course this assumes that the money you'd be otherwise saving for 20% downpayment will be used to pay off a mortgage faster.
As the premiums go up, so do the individuals subsidies because they are limited in how much they have to pay. John has to pay $450 if his total insurance costs $11k or $15 k. So, in effect, he will get more money. To pay for his increased insurance costs.   This increases the overall costs to the taxpayers by millions of dollars. The money goes to the person to pay premiums instead of straight to insurance companies.   The taxpayers would be much better off if the payments to insurance companies continue to prevent the raise in premiums. If Trump stops the payments, we are all going to pay more, except for those near the poverty level.
Here's what JP Morgan is going to do: it's going to say that it was forced into a forced shotgun marriage with Bear by the Feds, and that it was not given time to do the due dilligence that generally comes before takeovers of this nature.   Case closed.
If the building has no income, it also probably has minimal expenses. The heat, water and electricity costs are nearly zero. They are letting the value depreciate, and taking it off the taxes. I also suspect the condition of the building is poor, so any effort to make the building productive would be very costly. Many cities combat this by setting the tax on empty buildings or empty lots at a much higher rate. Or they set the value of the property at a high valuation based on what it could generate. Sometimes this is only targeted at some sections of the city to encourage development. They also offer tax breaks when the owner of a house has the house as their principal residence.
I listened to this the same day I read an article about american companies having trouble hiring workers. In Germany they train workers via internships and technical schools. In the US the students pay too much for useless degrees. Trump is losing his shit trying to force people to mine coal when an answer (not the answer) is right there. FFS.
&gt; Why not just get rid of deposit insurance for commercial banks  Repeated cycles of boom-and-busts, bank runs, recessions and crashes (that make today's situation look like a walk in the park) showed that deposit insurance is the best policy. Case in point: no Great Depression since we instituted it, and individual account holders are protected even when banks fail (as they do now and then for natural reasons).
"Pay off your debt.  As you witnessed, no ""investment"" % is guaranteed.  But your debt payments are... so if you have cash, the best way to ""invest"" it is to pay off your debt.  Since your car is depreciating while your house may be appreciating (don't know but it's possible) you should pay off your car loan first.  You're losing money in more than one way on that investment."
Now, you can get the higher performance healthcare equipments by the YILES Medical Centre. We sell the every healthcare device online, if you want bulk order, then you can also order online. We have different types of every oxygen mask with reservoir bag. Here, you can trust in every deal, because we offer to our customers on every products  effective cost. This device helps us in different way of medical process or treatment of a patient. We are one of the most producer of the health care equipments which may be very beneficial  in the course of the treatment of a patient. If you want more information about us, please go to our website.
"So is knowledge of unannounced products simply not considered material nonpublic information? Well ""material"" is relative but it certainly is nonpublic information.  And trading based on that information would likely be considered illegal if it is actually material.   Many companies require that employees with material non-public info get stock trades approved by their legal department.  This protects not only the employee but the employer from SEC scrutiny.  If the legal department determines that the employee has non-public info that is the genesis of the stock trade, they might deny the request. In many cases these employees receive stock through ESPP, ISO and/or RSUs and often sell while in possession of information about unannounced products. Just receiving stock as part of as part of a compensation program would not be illegal, provided it was part of a normal compensation package and not deliberately awarded in advance of these types of events. Selling or outright buying stock (including RSUs) with that kind of information would certainly be scrutinized.  An employee is granted RSUs, they vest 7 months before announcement of a new product. The employee knows the exact specifications of the product. If they sell the vested stock before the announcement would this constitute insider trading or not? Why? The law is not meant to prevent people from investing in their own company just because they know future plans.  So knowledge of an announcement 7 months out may not be considered material.  If, however, you sold stock the day (or a week) before some announcement that caused the stock to fall, then that would probably be scrutinized.  Or, if you traded shortly before an announcement of a new, revolutionary product that was set to be released in seven months, and the stock rose, then you might be scrutinized. So there is a lot of gray area, but remember that the spirit of the law is to prevent people from benefiting unfairly with non-public information.  It would be hard to prove that gaining on a stock trade 7 months before a product announcement would be considered ""unfair gain"".  A lot can happen in that time."
Very good answers as to how 0% loans are typically done.  In addition, many are either tied to a specific large item purchase, or credit cards with a no interest period.  On credit card transactions the bank is getting a fee from the retailer, who in turn is giving you a hidden charge to cover that fee.  In the case of a large purchase item like a car, the retailer is again quite likely paying a fee to cover what would be that interest, something they are willing to do to make the sale.  They will typically be less prone to deal as low a price in negotiation if you were not making that deal, or at times they may offer either a rebate or special low to zero finance rates, but you don't get both.
Recursos Energia Rinnovabile são activos de att força são løbende reabastecido. Estes incluem energia da água, o vento, o sol, as fontes geotérmicas, e fontes de biomassa culturas energéticas SOM. Empresas Energia Fotovoltaica estão produzindo tecnologia nemlig se transformando em mais vital e mesmo que este é duas forventes com escalada de acusações de petróleo, a demanda por alternativas de energia blivit montanhismo mesmo anos no óleo passado när udgifter eram baixos.
Yeah, that's the problem fuck-0.  Walmart makes tons of money in profit and their employees are using state benefits.    This isn't a problem for you?  The government is subsidizing walmarts employee benefits.  In other words we are socializing walmarts losses and walmart is privatizing their gains.
"In addition top the great answers above (esp Joe Taxpayer: ""if traveling is your passion, do it!) let me add my two cents: I recommend always having TWO vacations planned. It's a wonderful way to go through life: It doesn't really matter how long until the next vacation, or how expensive it will be. Just that it's planned and out there makes for extra happiness and good money management. (Can you tell I'm in the same mindset? I love vacations.)"
Maybe have a more clearly stated goal and plan to get there. Were they selling just a nicely built machine no one needs (the single design flaw) or were they trying to sell us a way to buy their juice repeatedly and maintain revenue.
"It's funny how you say they will resort to laws to stop consumers from getting what they want when in reality the so called ""upstarts"" are the ones on very thin ice with breaking the law.  If you define Netflix as an upstart then I can already see that we don't agree on the same premise and hence further argument is pointless.  And for the record, Seinfield was only possible with TV and all the talented people in production.  Do you really think Youtube or Netflix will be able to produce a quality show?  I think not.  Like I pointed out, everyone is giving too much credit to Netflix because it's easy to stream a show after the risk has already been taken to spend the time and money to produce a show.  This is why these ""upstarts"" operate on a profitable margin, they are eating TV/Cable's lunch.  I am all for TV, I believe that TV will still be around 50 years from now.  The internet and tech is very volatile and you never know where it will stand 5... even 10 years from now.  In the end, people do not want to watch cheap low-quality comedy on their iPhones.  60 inch LCD home theaters are here to stay in peoples homes.  Maybe it will be streamed via the internet but TV will very much still pull a lot of weight.  Afterall, TV built the industry, they deserve to own it.    I don't see the logic and destroying TV to benefit companies like Apple or Netflix who really have no idea how to even begin preproduction on a quality show.   This boils down to the fact that people will always consume the cheapest form of entertainment, and while this is true.  Americans are sophisticated enough to distinguish cheap from quality.  TV delivers quality and will continue to deliver quality, while the internet delivers a few occasional guffaws packaged in mediocrity."
I bought a the new book Grant by Ron Chernow because he writes the best biographies going. I had to go to Half Price Books because there are no truly independent bookstores near me. It cost me an extra $10, but Amazon is getting a bit scary for me.
Do I pay tax to the US and then also pay it in India for my income, or   does my American partner, who holds 15% of the monthly income, pay tax   in the US for his income? Of course you do, what kind of question is this? You have income earned in the US by a US entity, and the entity is taxed. Since LLC is a disregarded entity - the tax shifts to you personally. You should file form 1040NR. You should also talk to a tax professional who's proficient in the Indo-US tax treaty, since it may affect your situation.
"It is absolutely normal for your investments to go down at times. If you pull money out whenever your investments decrease in value, you lock in the losses.  It is better to do a bit of research and come up with some sort of strategy about how you will manage your investments.  One such strategy is to choose a target asset allocation (or let the ""target date"" fund choose it for you) and never sell until you need the money for retirement.  Some would advocate various other strategies that involve timing the market.  The important thing is that you find a strategy that you can live with and that provides you with enough confidence that you won't buy and sell at random.  Acting on gut feelings and selling whenever you feel queasy will likely lead to worse outcomes in the long run."
I had a friend who worked for a temp company as a dental hygienist and when she left after a year or longer she ended up taking them court because they wanted her to wait like 6 months before working in any office she worked for under contract. While I can kind of understand the companies point of view, it would've been career ending for her since as a temp she worked at pretty much every dental office in the area. She ended up winning in court and they had to change their contracts to only be 30 days rather than 6 months.
From what you have written, it could be a boiler room company. These operate with fancy website and have proper book keeping systems but are elaborate scams. How did you find about this broker. If there was a seller when you purchased the shares, there is no reason you can't be seller
Education has lost its value systems with commercialization of objectives.True Guru’s and Gurkul’s are rarely visible. With an objective to restore and revive the ‘Gurukul Value System’, we at ‘Finance Gurukul’, have tried to bring experts who have an objective to give back their expertise and knowledge to those who want to make this world a better place for all.
The big benefit of a health savings account is the savings aspect. HSAs let you save up and invest money for your health care expenses. You don't just pay for medical care with pretax dollars - you get to invest those pretax dollars (possibly until you've retired). If you can afford to put money in the plan now, this can be a pretty good deal, especially if you're in a high tax bracket and expect to remain there after retirement. There are a lot of obnoxious limitations and restrictions, and there's political risk to worry about between now and when you spend the money (mostly uncertainty about what the heck the health insurance system will look like after the fight over ObamaCare and its possible repeal.)
NO.  The legislation requires the landlord to deposit it in a bank.  Check out pages 7-10 of the linked document.  There is no mention of interest. The second clause, I believe, is probably for large landlords who hold hundreds of thousands of dollars of security.   http://www.legislature.mi.gov/documents/publications/tenantlandlord.pdf Q4 Once collected, what must the landlord do with the security deposit?   The landlord must either: a) Deposit the money with a regulated financial institution (e.g.,   bank), OR b) Deposit a cash bond or surety bond, to secure the entire deposit,   with the Secretary of State. ( Note: If the landlord does this, he or   she may use the money at any time, for any purpose.) The bond ensures   that there is money available to repay the tenant’s security deposit
Comcast is doing all this twitter advertising about how they won't throttle, block, prioritize, yadda. All that was a stipulation of their merger with NBC. Those requirements end next year. If Title II goes away, like they won't throttle Netflix and block other services that compete with theirs?  What's to stop them?  It won't even be the same do AT&amp;T - doubt *this* Justice Department will impose any pro-consumer regulations.
&gt; Managers got paid bonuses if they sold more deserts/alcohol so waiters are forced to offer every customer wine samples and pitch them on other drinks.  ...those bastards, giving us free booze.  The bar I go to actually takes pride in their beer. Full wall of microbrews. They do not sell \*lite. Standard procedure is to sit down, ask the bartender about what's good, and to be given half a dozen samples of the new kegs they got this week. I mean, *seriously*, those assholes -- trying to get me to find and drink a beer that actually I like. What a bunch of jerks.
"Edit #2 My whole answer was based on my misunderstanding that you were renting out a totally separate property to your girl friend.  I finally understand now that you're renting out a room in YOUR apartment flat to your gf.  So, based on my new understanding, I don't think it's necessarily a bad idea.  The answer below is my answer to a different question ;) Original Answer My answer has nothing to do with business, but is totally relationship based.   If you care about her in a ""we might be together a long time"" way, then I wouldn't do this.  I don't care what arrangements you setup before hand, at some point, you're bound to feel like she owes you something at some point.  Let alone the easiest of situations to imagine (she's late on the rent, she loses her job and can't pay, etc) you'll be forced to make decisions about how much your desire to love and care for her outweighs your need to pay your mortgage.  You can argue how magnanimous your are all day long, but is this something you want to bring into your relationship? Now, if you don't really care to stay with her that long and you could do life with or without her, then go for it.  I think the big question is, is your relationship worth £200? Edit In the interest of supporting my opinion, here are a few articles I found on the subject: Unfortunately, the way renting to friends or family often works out is far from what would be expected between people who care about one another. For the most part, friends and family members will actually make bad renters, because they’ll expect more from you than a tenant who doesn’t know you. You may get a lot of requests for maintenance and repairs, even for minor things, and you may also find that family members and friends think they should be entitled to perks because of your personal relationship with them. When they don’t get special treatment, they can get angry with you, and that hurts both your professional relationship and your personal relationship. American Apartment Owners Association ""In my experience, landlords renting to relatives doesn't work out perfectly,"" said Ceyhun Doker, a REALTOR® associate at Keller Williams Realty in Burlingame, CA. ""When you don't know each other, there are fewer problems."" realator.com"
I found one such tool here: Point-to-Point Returns tool
"Considering that I can't find anything on Chase's web site referencing a ""Money Market IRA"" I suspect that this is a type of account that they aren't actively supporting anymore, but aren't forcing you to cash it in.  I would call Chase to find out for sure, however. That said, a money market is not a good investment if you are looking for any kind of growth.  They are basically a savings account that pay (currently) a small amount of interest.  You can get much better return from other low-risk investments.  You can rebalance periodically if you want to keep a certain amount of ""cash"" available."
Went to Chipotle last night purely because my wife wanted to try the queso - it's awful.  It's incredibly grainy/floury, like a bad roux, kinda turned our stomachs.  Missed the mark on flavor too, completely bland.  Chipotle guacamole is delicious, the $2 queso isn't in the same realm.  Also I really enjoyed their chorizo.. :(
Fuck you and bullshit. Move? Wow lets just tell all these poor people who can barely afford rent that all they need to do is move to one of these great cities with the great paying jobs. You must be a Republican Trump supporter with that talk. You are just a asshole. No one agrees with you and all sudden they must be stupid because your government written paper is bullshit and rest of us know it is.     Think for a second you think the Trump administration going realise somthing showing how bad it is out here? Hell think Obama wouldn't. I am sure there a shit ton of low minium wage jobs available. We are looking for jobs that pay a livable wage.
My beef with day (and to ape Yishai's answer a little) is that his good advice is no different than anybody's good advice.  The seven steps are on the home page, Clark Howard, Suze Orman and probably quite a few others all chat about spend less, save more, shop wisely and live within your means. Anything specific is just motivation, and it sort of irks me that Dave Ramsey charges $100+ buck to go to a seminar about how to save money.  A $30 book to read anecdotes and examples of how to follow the seven steps.  (Probably, I won't buy his books) I have no problem with somebody making money, but I doubt that Dave is just barely breaking even.  I was stand corrected if he is, but I just don't suspect he is. Clark Howard recommends that people go to the library and check out his book; he is a lot closer to practicing what he is preaching.
The virtual classrooms won't replace the expensive schools at the high end (for many of the reasons you describe).  They'll compete on the low end with public schools.  I agree it won't happen in the near future -- it'll happen when prices get so high that there's a significant increase in student loan defaults.  That will be the breaking point, and people will start to look for alternatives.
Disclaimer: I don't work in the finance industry, and simply took a few classes in corporate finance and management during my undergrad.  It depends on what type of investing you're talking about. If you're talking about building a portfolio of securities, then CAPM is the basis for most valuation models. Generally, CAPM will have you discount based on your best available risk-free rate (usually t-bills or some other fixed income source with a reliable backer). Even after your valuation, the basic theory of risk management for an investment portfolio is still to maintain a diverse basket of poorly correlated products.  If you're talking about corporate finance where a firm is considering an investment such as a new project, then a determining a WACC and using it as a discount rate for your cash flow is a basic strategy.   This is a basic strategy, but there are better ones depending on the specifics of the investment. This is where evaluating exposures is important. To hedge counterparty risk, you might discount by the estimated probability of non-payment or buy trade insurance. To hedge currency risk, you might buy forwards, options, or look into a money market hedge. To hedge political risks like repatriation or changes in tax laws or regulation you might buy political risk insurance. To hedge exposure to a particular commodity price, you can trade futures.
Apple fucked up with the last set of iPhones, yet they still sold a ton.  I expect the same this time...no major innovation, will still sell a ton globally.  Why the fuck is there no major competition outside of Google/Samsung.  Oh windows? haha.  Seriously, you can see why Amazon would jump in, however stupid of them to do so (not their main business/focus)
"You asked for advice, so I'll offer it.  Trying to time the market is not a great strategy unless you're sitting in front of a Bloomberg terminal all the time. Another person answering your question suggests the use of index funds; he's likely to be right. Look up ""asset allocation.""  What you want to do is decide that you want your portfolio to contain, for example: If one of your stock holdings goes up far enough that you're out of your target asset allocation ranges, sell some of it and buy something  in another asset class,s so you're back in balance.  That way you lock in some profit when things go up, without losing access to potential future profits.  The same applies if something goes down; you buy more of that asset class by selling others. This has worked really well for me for 30+ years."
A rather good IRS paper on the topic states that a donation of a business' in-kind inventory would be  Under IRC 170(e)(1), however, the fair market value must be   reduced by the amount of gain that would not be long-term capital gain if the   property had been sold by the donor at the property's fair market value (determined   at the time of the contribution). Under this rule, deductions for donated inventory   are limited to the property's basis (generally its cost), where the fair market value   exceeds the basis.  There are references to IRC regulations in a narrative context you may find helpful: This paper goes on for 16 pages describing detailed exceptions and the political reasons for the exceptions (most of which are concerned with encouraging the donation of prepared food from restaurants/caterers to hunger charities by guaranteeing a value for something that would otherwise be trashed valueless); and a worked out example of fur coats that had a cost of goods of $200 and a market value of $1000.
As the college education is very costly, I want to send USD 25,000 to him as a gift. What is the procedure and what Indian and American tax laws are involved ? This transaction will be treated as gift. As per Indian law you can transfer unlimited amount to your close relative [son-in-law/grandchildren/daughter/etc]. In US the gift tax is on donor, as you are no US citizen you are not bound by this. As your son-in-law/grandchildren are US citizens, there is no tax to them. Your son-in-law may still need to declare this in Form 3250 or such relevant returns. Under the Liberalized remittance scheme [Refer Q3], you can transfer upto USD 250,000 per year. There maybe some forms that you need to fill. Ask your Bank. If the amount is more than USD 25,000 a CA certificate along with 15CA, 15CB need to be filled. Essentially the CA certifies that taxes on the funds being transferred have already been paid to Govt of India. Can I send money to him directly or to his father who is submitting tax returns in USA? This does not make any difference in India. Someone else may answer this question if it makes a difference in US.
"Suggesting your own wares when people ask you where to buy something isn't ""anti-competitive."" They are not a public service. The user chose Google and there's no shortage of alternative search engines. Anyone searching for services to find flights - e.g. by typing in ""online travel agent"" - will still find those services fairly ranked.  They're not even presenting the information as a standard result - it's a direct answer, like when you search with mathematical expressions. Does that feature give Wolfram Alpha grounds to complain about Google muscling in on the math business? Do we really want to establish binding legal precedent that search engines can only return naive results?"
Get the cash you need to expand your business! Free information. Call Now. 866-334-8705.  Our goal: Helping small companies rebuild in this economy through private lending.  We are looking for business owners that want to save money on their credit card processing or begin accepting credit cards.  Grow your business now with a Merchant Cash Advance. Funding of 100 - 300% of your monthly sales, no points or upfront fees! No fixed monthly payment! Payment is automatically collected through credit card sales.  We have partnered with several processors and other service providers to ensure the ability to offer Credit Card Processing with the lowest possible rates and fees for processing and funding in the industry.  We also offer Gift Cards and Loyalty Programs to help you with repeat business.  Call 866-334-8705 and mention Agent #22104 to speak to one of our knowledgeable representatives that can give you a quote today.  http://agent.vendorsmerchantnetwork.com/22104  Our goal is to develop a custom tailored structure for your particular business' needs and desires. This enables you to process in the most cost efficient manner available in the industry! Features 24/7 Customer Support Lowest Processing Rates in the Industry Free Terminal Reprogram No Termination Fee  In addition, even in this difficult economic time, we offer Merchant Cash Advances to qualified applicants!   DON'T WAIT TO GET THE MONEY YOU NEED TO EXPAND YOUR BUISNESS! CALL US TODAY!
Here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content:   * [United Nations of Debt: Visualizing $63 Trillion in Global Debt by Country](https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/79o6jh/united_nations_of_debt_visualizing_63_trillion_in/) on /r/Economics with 1 karma (created at 2017-10-30 22:48:32 by /u/InvisibleTextArea)  ----   ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot  ^^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index)-[Code](https://github.com/PokestarFan/DuplicateBot)-[Bugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypgmx/bugs_and_problems/)-[Suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypg85/suggestion_for_duplicatesbot/)-[Block](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index#wiki_block_bot_from_tagging_on_your_posts)  ^^Now ^^you ^^can ^^remove ^^the ^^comment ^^by ^^replying ^^delete!
One of the funnier parts of the finance crisis was seeing just how awful Morgenson could be. Every time she wrote something dumb, she'd manage to one-up herself the next time.  It was impressive.   (which made me remember that [Calculated Risk even had a tag](http://www.calculatedriskblog.com/search/label/Picking%20On%20Poor%20Gretchen) for posts about her awful stories.)
Agreed. It turns you into a bore. People who are addicted to pot are similar to alcoholics.  If you need marijuana for pain or other ailments I have no problem with it, I still think it should be legalized everywhere, I definitely won't be using it though.
If it does happen I doubt it will be a rapid change. Just like electric cars one of the main hurdles will be getting infrastructure in place. Tesla has invested in a network of quick recharging stations around California, a Hydrogen based vehicle would similarly need Hydrogen fueling stations. Tesla and other competitors would have a lot of time to push out new designs.
"A stock insurance company is structured like a “normal” company. It has shareholders (that are the company's investors), who elect a board of directors, who select the senior executive(s), who manage the people who run the actual company. The directors (and thus the executives and employees) have a legal responsibility to manage the company in a way which is beneficial for the shareholders, since the shareholders are the ultimate owner of the company. A mutual insurance company is similar, except that the people holding policies are also the shareholders. That is, the policyholders are the ultimate owners of the company, and there generally aren't separate shareholders who are just “investing” in the company. These policyholder-shareholders elect the board of directors, who select the senior executive(s), who manage the people who run the actual company. In practice, it probably doesn't really make a whole lot of difference, since even if you're just a ""customer"" and not an ""owner"" of the company, the company is still going to want to attract customers and act in a reasonable way toward them. Also, insurance companies are generally pretty heavily regulated in terms of what they can do, because governments really like them to remain solvent. It may be comforting to know that in a mutual insurance company the higher-ups are explicitly supposed to be working in your best interest, though, rather than in the interest of some random investors. Some might object that being a shareholder may not give you a whole lot more rights than you had before. See, for example, this article from the Boston Globe, “At mutual insurance firms, big money for insiders but no say for ‘owners’ — policyholders”: It has grown into something else entirely: an opaque, poorly understood, and often immensely profitable world in which some executives and insiders operate with minimal scrutiny and, no coincidence, often reap maximum personal rewards. Policyholders, despite their status as owners, have no meaningful oversight of how mutual companies spend their money — whether to lower rates, pay dividends, or fund executive salaries and perks — and few avenues to challenge such decisions. Another reason that one might not like the conversion is the specific details of how the current investor-shareholders are being paid back for their investment in the process of the conversion to mutual ownership, and what that might do to the funds on hand that are supposed to be there to keep the firm solvent for the policyholders. From another Boston Globe article on the conversion of SBLI to a mutual company, “Insurer SBLI wants to get banks out of its business,” professor Robert Wright is cautiously optimistic but wants to ensure the prior shareholders aren't overpaid: Robert Wright, a professor in South Dakota who has studied insurance companies and owns an SBLI policy, said he would prefer the insurer to be a mutual company that doesn’t have to worry about the short-term needs of shareholders. But he wants to ensure that SBLI doesn’t overpay the banks for their shares. “It’s fine, as long as it’s a fair price,” he said. That article also gives SBLI's president's statement as to why they think it's a good thing for policyholders: If the banks remained shareholders, they would be likely to demand a greater share of the profits and eat into the dividends the insurance company currently pays to the 536,000 policyholders, about half of whom live in Massachusetts, said Jim Morgan, president of Woburn-based SBLI. “We’re trying to protect the policyholders from having the dividends diluted,” Morgan said. I'm not sure there's an obvious pros/cons list for either way, but I'd think that I'd prefer the mutual approach, just on the principle that the policyholders “ought” to be the owners, because the directors (and thus the executives and employees) are then legally required to manage the company in the best interest of the policyholders. I did cast a Yes vote in my proxy on whether SBLI ought to become a mutual company (I'm a SBLI term-life policyholder.) But policy terms aren't changing, and it'd be hard to tell for sure how it'd impact any dividends (I assume the whole-life policies must be the ones to pay dividends) or company solvency either way, since it's not like we'll get to run a scientific experiment trying it out both ways. I doubt you'd have a lot of regrets either way, whether it becomes a mutual company and you wish it hadn't or it doesn't become one and you wish it had."
Double check with your broker, but if a series isn't open yet for trading, you can't trade it. If there is a series trading without open interest (rare), simply work your open, as options are created at trade. If you have enough money, do this https://money.stackexchange.com/questions/21839/list-of-cflex-2-0-brokers
I had a similar situation when I was in college. The difference was that the dealer agreed to finance and the bank they used wanted a higher interest rate from me because of my limited credit history. The dealer asked for a rate 5 percentage points higher than what they put on the paperwork. I told them that I would not pay that and I dropped the car off at the lot with a letter rescinding the sale. They weren't happy about that and eventually offered me financing at my original rate with a $1000 discount from the previously agreed-upon purchase price. What I learned through that experience is that I didn't do a good-enough job of negotiating the original price. I would suggest that your son stop answering phone calls from the dealership for at least 1 week and drive the car as much as possible in that time. If the dealer has cashed the check then that will be the end of it. He owes nothing further. If the dealer has not cashed the check, he should ask whether they prefer to keep the check or if they want the car with 1000 miles on the odometer. This only works if your son keeps his nerve and is willing to walk away from the car.
Perhaps they shouldn't stray from their core competencies (as they've clearly done)?  Plus, consider their competition--bad software interface isn't one of the problems their competition has.  Microsoft really stands out as a loser as a direct result of these continual blunders.  Seriously, if they'd put a touch-based Windows 7 option in their Surface products, I'd consider a purchase right now for the RT (or whatever has the Wacom sketching capacity built into it).  That would work great for what I do, particularly when traveling.
"I'm a big fan of Mint. I tried Wesabe prior to mint and at the time (about a year ago) it was lacking the integration of many of my accounts, so I had to go with Mint by necessity. Since then, Mint has gotten better almost monthly. I can do almost everything I want, and the budgeting tools (which would address your ""6 months out"" forecast desires) and deal alerts (basically tells you if you can get a better interest rate on savings/credit card/etc) are really helpful. Highly recommended!"
Limiting liability to your investment is one of the main points of corporations. When you contract with a corporation you know that all you can get if the corporation defaults is the assets owned by the corporation, not the owners of said corp. There are plenty of covenants debtholders can put in place to restrain management from making decisions that can be detrimental to said debtholders.    &gt;So here is a case of a legitimate lawsuit, it was heard in court and Rich Dad was ordered to pay $24 Million to his former partner(s).  It seems that the corporation was ordered to pay, no? The man does not claim he can't pay it, he claims the corporate entity that is supposed to pay it can't pay it. I don't think the opposing side ever had an agreement with Kiyosaki on a personal level.  This man probably runs several businesses, there is a chance some may go under. It is a legitimate tactic to insulate each business from one another. The debtholders know this ahead of time and receive extra yield on their investment for taking these easily identifiable risks. If you don't want to invest with someone who doesn't have skin in the game, all you have to do is don't invest.
If a shop offers 0% interest for purchase, someone is paying for it. e.g., If you buy a $X item at 0% interest for 12 months, you should be able to negotiate a lower cash price for that purchase. If the store is paying 3% to the lender, then techincally, you should be able to bring the price down by at least 2% to 3% if you pay cash upfront. I'm not sure how it works in other countries or other purchases, but I negotiated my car purchase for the dealer's low interest rate deal, and then re-negotiated with my preapproved loan. Saved a good chunk on that final price!
An auto title loans are typically utilized by those that wish to obtain a funding with bad credit rating or no credit in any way. An auto-mobile title lending frequently called a vehicle title lending or merely title funding as well as pink slip funding’s. You merely should have a vehicle that is paid off or nearly paid off and also you could make use of the auto title as security to obtain the cash money you require, enabling you to continue driving your vehicle while paying your loan.   Ezee Auto Car Title Loans Glendora CA and nearby cities Provide Car Title Loans, Auto Title Loans, Mobile Home Title Loans, RV/Motor Home Title Loans, Big Rigs Truck Title Loans, Motor Cycle Title Loans, Online Title Loans Near me, Bad Credit Loans, Personal Loans, Quick cash Loans  Contact Us: Ezee Auto Car Title Loans Glendora CA 147 W. Rt.66, #309-k, Glendora, CA 91740 626-263-4263 ezatlglendora15@gmail.com http://getautotitleloans.com/car-and-auto-title-loans-glendora-ca/
PE can be misleading when theres a good risk the company simply goes out of business in a few years. For this reason some people use PEG, which incorporates growth into the equation.
I don't know about down there but up here in Canada, unless those companies have some track history, you ARE personally responsible. Or at least that's how I remember it; someone feel free to correct me... (Unless you were wise enough and had enough capital to begin with a shell company)
but then they make suggestions such as paying extra each month on your mortgage. How else does one pay off his mortgage early other than by paying extra each month? The principal and interest are fixed, no matter how much money you throw at them. The interest rate is fixed. The total interest paid varies depending on how much extra you pay towards the principal. You'll pay the same amount every month regardless. That's factually incorrect. just put the extra money into savings At 1.2%, if you're smart enough to put it in an on-line savings account. until you have enough to pay off the mortgage Which costs you 3.5%. This way, the money is locked up in your home. Who says that all of your money must be locked up in your home?  (I'm sure that there are financial advisors who recommend that you throw every single spare dime into extra mortgage payments, but they're rare.) Am I missing something? Yes: the mathematical sense to see that a 3.5% loan costs more than than 1.2% savings earns you
But look at how TV programmes,  newspapers, radio stations make their money from advertising.  Social media is a great business model in the advertising world because you have total control over which demographic sees your adverts.  Even better, the people who use the social media site also make the content - for free. I do think it's a bubble and has a very fickle user base but if they get it right there is a huge amount to be earned without charging to view the content. So I don't agree that it's a bad business model as such, it's just hard to get right.
Theoretically the yield curve is an expectation of inflation, however in practice (currently) the government yield curve is an expectation of banking fear.  As you put your money with the government if you think the bank is going to default. With the FED lowering the longer end and making government less attractive, operation twist should theoretically lower both long term corp bond rates and stop people from buying long gov bonds (crowding out of capital).
"Out of your seven recommendations one is up 14%, one up 6%, four are either even or down slightly and one is down a whopping 40%. This reminds me of a recommendation earlier in the year provided by The Motley Fool to buy XRO.AX when it was around the $40 mark. I had a quick look at it and thought ""gee there is no way I am buying those shares"". Now they are just below $15. See the chart below:  You have just learnt a valuable lesson by testing these recommendations without your real money - never trust investment recommendations from analysts (or anyone else). Get yourself educated so you understand what analysts are talking about and you can make a decision for yourself. Better still learn about technical analysis so you can decide for yourself whether it is the right time to buy or sell."
If you move money - you don't need to pay any taxes. If the money was not there before and magically appeared at some point and now you want to move it - you'll have to explain a thing or two to the IRS and FinCEN. Generally, if you're a green card holder - you pay taxes on your worldwide income. So if you have a foreign account that earns interest - that interest is taxable to you in the US. In the year you earned it, not in the year you moved the money to the US. There are also reporting requirements (FBAR notably, and others). If you haven't filed FBAR with regards to the accounts which you now want to move, and especially if that also includes unreported income (interest and other) - you may find yourself in a very deep s#!t. Sorry, very deep troubles. Talk to a tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State). A proper consultation is warranted, if you haven't had one already. You might need a tax attorney.
I recently engaged in a dispute with a ski resort that was proposing several hotels (about 500 rooms) along with a new lodge, which will host conventions.  I have a home (3 bedrooms) I rent on Airbnb located next to the resort and was a statutory party to their permit hearing.  After all was said and done, I managed to take away approximately 250 parking spots, forcing them to build a parking garage.  They were permitted for the new lodge, which they are building now, but not for the hotels.  I will now be able to raise my rates as there will be a severe lack of short term housing to accommodate the new lodge.
You can check your score through your discover card account (only credit card)  2 month difference   Nothing has changed. Have gone about regular business with no dramatic increase in spending  I'm 21 and I'm almost exactly a year into my first card
Disclaimer: I’m not an expert.  This is my basic understanding, which I’m sure someone will be glad to tell is horribly wrong...  You need an LLC.  Many people in my area create an LLC management company, then create individual LLCs for each investment property.  Laws vary by state.  YMMV  Then you start researching properties.  Commercial loans typically require a higher equity position than home ownership.   Assume minimum 30%.  For ease of this conversation let’s say you’re making the horribly poor decision to put that towards a single property.   You’d be looking for a property in the 175-200k value range, because you’ll need to account for settlement expenses (attorney, broker, consultants) and a cash reserve.  You’d be also be looking for what the average cap rate is for your market.  In simplistic terms cap rate is the expected rate of return after expenses.  So if the average market cap rate in that region for comparable properties is 5%, you can expect around 5% return on your investment, after you pay fees, maintenance, taxes, insurance, interest, etc.  Buy a property and hold that property for a few years, making money every year, and claiming deductions on your earnings for something called depreciation.  Fast forward 5 years and you’re ready to sell, the value of your property went up because you made improvements along the way, brought in some better tenants who are paying higher rents, and now you can offer a better cap rate than your competitors.  You sell in the blink of an eye, and double your investment.  Say you have $500k now sitting in the bank in you LLC’s name, in cash.  You can either choose to cash out 100% and pay capital gains tax on your earnings above your basis (at 15% I think?)... OR you can quickly find a new property with that $500k, purchase it, and file a 1031, which says you don’t have to pay ANY capital gains on those earnings.  You just increased income significantly without ever paying taxes on the underlying increase in value of your assets.  Rinse and repeat for 25 years, develop a portfolio of properties, create a management company so you can stop paying others a percentage of your earnings, and you too can have the problem of too much money.  I welcome anyone with actual knowledge of the topic to please expound on, or correct me.
All day. We make markets are pretty much anything. We just don't price anything. If we can go in house that's what we'll do if not we'll go external. We so see decent flow, but nothing like capital markets sees.  You guys hiring? :)
"I think the best advice you could get would be to find a lawyer. If that foreign company has any presence in the US, they should be the ones signing off as the successor, otherwise you may find yourself in a limbo that would require some legal assistance. Generally, in most States a Corporation cannot be dissolved without resolving issues like this, which is probably why they told you ""the plan is terminating"". Someone asked them to terminate it. You need to find that someone."
That's a very good question.. of which I didn't know the answer. I didn't pay very close attention when they actually IPO'ed, so I researched just now and I couldn't believe the amount of public complaining the banks did about Google's IPO structure. Hilarious in retrospect.   Either way, in a very satisfying development, Google only paid 3% on the underwrite. The offering was worth almost $3B which means $100m for the banks, but they didn't have to do a road show or make a single call to sell the thing, so I'd say that was more than fair.  {[Source](http://www.slate.com/articles/business/moneybox/2004/07/frugal_google.html)}  &gt;Google's IPO price will thus be set naturally by all interested market participants, not artificially by underwriters. Google—and not well-connected investors—will receive the full benefit of investors' enthusiasm for the stock. To add insult to the injury of the chastened investment bankers, Google has decreed that it'll only pay a 3 percent underwriting fee.
&gt;One of the easiest mistakes to make in business is assuming that your own anecdotal experience applies to everyone on earth.  Yep. I'm in marketing, and early on, a good marketer learns to separate what they don't personally like. For example, I don't like exit popups. (The things that come up when you move the mouse to leave a website.) Guess what? They work.
"&gt; The US didn't come in and seize any Iraqi oil.  That statement is just blatantly wrong and expresses a profound ignorance.  There have been articles and books written about the ""broken oil gauges"" found at Iraq's gulf oil terminals."
&gt;The problem I have with this line of logic is that it's pretty much the anti-net neutrality argument.  I think there is a key difference here, at least for me. I view internet access as a utility, like water or power. Companies shouldn't be able to arbitrarily decide who gets access to those utilities. Some people may not see it the same way and that is fine.
"For example, for my employer I received a signing bonus, and a   ""relocation lump sum"" separate from that signing bonus. The relocation   lump sum is taxed and will appear as income on my W-2, and I can spend   it on anything I want. That said, should the relocation lump sum count   towards the entry quoted above in Form 3903, or would it be considered   the same as any other bonus; thus allowing me to take a full deduction   for all of my deductible travel expenses? The signing bonus and relocation lump sum will appear as regular income on your W-2. You can think of the relocation bonus as something to cover the pain and suffering the cost of moving, without needing to send in receipts. Lets assume that you meet the distance and time tests, so there is potential to save money on your taxes. Lets also put your actual moving expenses as $2500. If you have valid moving expenses the IRS will allow you to use them to reduce your AGI. So now you can reduce your AGI by the $2500.  Enter the total amount your employer paid you for the expenses listed   on lines 1 and 2 that is not included in box 1 of your Form W-2   (wages). This amount should be shown in box 12 of your Form W-2 with   code P. My question is: what exact payments from your employer should be   entered here? I realize that you can just write the number you get in   box 12 with code P on your W-2, but I'm curious how they come up with   this number. In some cases the company will reimburse you your moving expenses up to a maximum of $x. For example a maximum of $1000 That means you submit receipts for those expenses and they give you a check or add it to your next paycheck. The check will either be for the amount on your receipts or the maximum amount, whichever is smaller. In this situation with actual expenses of $2500 and a reimbursement of $1000 you can reduce your AGI by $1500."
The most likely answer to your question regarding what the 'market expects' is perhaps that the market expects that currently Linked-In like a lot of other startups has been plunging almost eveything it makes into building the business and brand.  So right now the net profits are pretty low percentage of income (roughly 1.5% of revenue)  Given the size of the other numbers, it doesn't take a lot of movement in the right direction to get a big change in that tiny final number.  The other factor is the gap between their Net and the Income Available..  I think (but I'm making a logical guess here) a large part of that gap was paying off the losses of the prior two years.  If that's the case, and everything else is static, then next year's 'available' number ought to at least triple.  In order to grow the net, all LI needs is to either continue current trends of growth in expenses relative to costs,  keep expenses steady and experience a slight growth in income, or find a way to reduce expenses without having it impact income. Or something in between those three.   If we take the first case as an example, income has been roughly doubling every year, but expenses growing less than that.  if they were to continue that, but manage to get some economy of scale and have expenses grow at a slower rate, then the jump in net income ought to be substantial. most of the trends you could project end up with a big growth in the bottom line.. but yeah I gotta admit, none of that gets you 117X growth in a single year.  So the conclusion I would draw is that the market is trending a few years out and being pretty optimistic given the current PE ratio.  Of course you could also conclude that the market is 'social network happy' and LNKD represents one of the few opportunities for the average investor to get in on that given that facebook and myspace are not trading on the open market
I think the straight productivity curve is supposed to represent the idea that the economy is always growing as opposed to shrinking overall, like you said. I beleive the video leaves out the idea of innovation to keep it simpler and cut down on length(Of an already half hour video). Thanks for the connection between innovation and productivity. Im new to this stuff and it hadn't occured to me.
Someone already mentioned that this is a risk-reversal, but as an aside, in the vol market (delta-hedged options) this is a fundamental skew trade. (buying calls, selling puts or vice versa). Initially vega neutral, the greek that this trade largely isolates is vanna (dvega/dspot or ddelta/dvol).
It depends on the service. Retail has been and will continue to die. People are turing to online more and more over in store experiences. Amazon just bought Wholefoods. I think what's been considered standard for the grocery industry is off the table for now.
The LLC will not be liable for anything, it is disregarded for tax purposes. If you're doing any work while in the US, or you (or your spouse) are a green card holder or a US citizen - then you (not the LLC) may be liable, may be required to file, pay, etc. Unless you're employing someone, or have more than one member in your LLC, you do not need an EIN. Re the bank - whatever you want. If you want you can open an account in an American bank. If you don't - don't. Who cares?
What are my options, if any, in how to deal with a buyout that forced me to sell, and accept cash only for my Florida USA company shares? Options are limited;
"This is called ""import duty"", and it is based on the value of the goods imported. The one to pay the duty is the importer/receiver. As long as you fill the correct information (including the description and value of the items sent) on the USPS customs form (which you'll have to attach to your USPS shipment), you're good to go."
An idiot wrote that story. Right out of the gate they are plain wrong. Interns must be paid (federal law) unless they are SOLELY learning and not performing any work to the benefit of the company. The author should have at least researched one fact. Any fact would have done fine. It's a purely ignorant article.  Source: I've owned multiple business for the last 20 years.
Prescribed, sure. I usually don't have a problem with people taking prescribed drugs (except the tragic overuse of antibiotics that in the end is going to kill us all, but that's another issue completely), but I do have a problem with people self-medicating  because they've read somewhere that it's good for you.  I recently watched a German documentary about Aspirin, where medical professionals talked about the wide-spread (not prescribed) use of Aspirin and how people don't think about the consequences of using Aspirin, because it's so commonplace that they don't even see it as medication anymore. Especially in surgeries, this is a problem due to the reduced clotting factor.
If you have no paycheck, I presume you are doing your own business. That is included. Also, that is only limited to business, Studies, personal growth and other things are different again.  Oh, and if you can predict with high probability a high profit event in 5 years time, considering today's climate, I'm V.impressed. I'm relying on having as many basis as possible covered. It's a bit like a lottery (Though the odds are a lot better), the more tickets you have, the better your chances of hitting the big one.
I do agree on prices and in-stock materials. But I've also gotten some cheap shit at Menards. I bought a pneumatic staple gun because it was fairly cheap, the gun itself starter leaking air the first time I used it.
Would you classify the Equifax scandal as a medium sized shock? I am 100% in agreement with your points, which is why when the Equifax news started to break I was very worried that was going to be the trigger. Why do you think that didn't have an impact, or could it still?
In THEORY, you don't have to pay income tax in such a situation. In actual fact, the transaction looks suspicious because the money went into your account.  Presumably, the money should have gone OUT of your account in equal amount.  Having allowed all this to happen, what you need to do is to DOCUMENT this activity ASAP. The first thing to do is to retain the paperwork showing the sending of the funds to the third party. The second thing to do is to ask your friend for a letter dated TODAY (don't use an earlier date) as to why the money was delivered into your account, and corroborating the fact that it was sent to the third party. Then if the IRS comes calling, you will have documentation to prove your point and protect yourself.
"Like Dheer said, the demand for shorter term money is greater than for longer term money, precisely because the banks don't want to have to pay big interest rates for long periods. Banks borrow short term and lend long term - so they take money from you for one year, and lend it away as a 20 year mortgage. After a year, they take money for another year. Since short term rates tend to be higher than longer term rates, they make money off the ""spread"" (or the different between the rate they lend and the rate they borrow). In this scenario, banks should pay higher for longer term deposits, but overall banks realize that interest rates will go up and down, and they don't want to lock the ""up"" for a longer term. Since banks believe that rates will come down in the 1-2 year period, they offer good rates only till the 1 year period and disincentivize longer term deposits by offering lower rates. If you look at the interbank or money markets, trading of very short term bulk money shows that for the 10-15 day periods, the interest rates being offered are 10% or so, while for one year it's just 9.5%. The market believes that interest rates will go down in the one year time frame - but you never really know since this is just a bunch of people that believe so. Eventually, if rates continue to go up, the demand at the longer term will also go up, because it will become obvious that the rate pressure continues to be strong.  If you do want higher rates for the long term, check out State bank of India bonds that are currently trading on the NSE (you can buy them if you have a brokerage account) They are just about as safe as SBI Fixed Deposits, and the rate being offered is around 9.3%, for a 10-15 year term. Hope that helps!"
They are providing you a service and they charge you for it. The service includes giving you a trading platform(website and the infrastructure), doing all the background work for setting up services for you, relaying your orders to the market or as a broker fulfilling your orders, doing settlement when an order is matched, giving you access to the stock market(the costs are quite high to get a license to relay orders to the market and I believe it needs to be renewed every year). There are transaction fees which the stock exchanges charge the brokers to use the stock markets infrastructure and connect to it. And then interfacing with banks for monetary transactions and also doing according to the law in the jurisdiction they are located in. Most of it is an one time cost, but they are a private enterprise out to make profit so they will charge for their services.
Take all of the overachieving wannabe investment bankers that you went to college with and stick them in an echo chamber, and you have WSO.     I wouldn't overthink it. As you identified, it's all over the top, and not at all reflective of reality. That said, there is some really insightful content on there from time to time from individuals who really know their stuff (Thebrofessor, blackhat, etc).    Some of the users are legitimately taking the piss though (Dick Fuld...)
"I *loved* the Zune.  I had a ZuneHD (the 16g touch screen, sort of like the ipod touch, but smaller form factor).  The PC software was actually _good_.  The device was great, it played music wonderfully.    The only reason I don't have a Zune anymore is because I got an Android phone (HTC Incredible) back then, and I have a strict personal policy of ""one overpriced gadget on me at any time"", and I wasn't going to carry a music player and a phone when the phone can do both just fine."
You might be better off soliciting software engineers on AngelList.  Coder and programmer is a bit derogatory also -- you are seeking an Engineer.    With that said, I've been approached numerous times for things like this and the answer is always no.  You are basically looking for a cofounder so be prepared to give away 50%.  You need seed capital, and you don't really need an engineer for that so you should formalize the business plan and get funding.  If you can't convince someone for 50 or 100k of seed then the idea is probably flat and you won't find an engineer who wants to touch it.
If I remember correctly, the Netflix settlement was rejected under similar circumstances.  The court ended up agreeing that offering free advertising was not a /punishment/ to Netflix.  The same should hold here, too.  Sooo...  Now we just need a convenient way to object...
The short answer is you'd be much better off paying up front in this case.  The present value of $2,500 plus 12 $500 monthly payments is $8,128 at a 12% discount rate, which is much higher then the $6,000 you could pay now. The long answer is how you get that present value.  How can I use time value of money to find the present value of money if I choose to go with option A? First of all, I'd question your discount rate.  A 12% discount rate means that you can safely reinvest the money that you're not spending today at a 12% annual (1% monthly) rate, which seems very high.  Normally for short-term spending decisions you'd use a risk-free rate, which would be closer to 1%-2%. However, to discount at 1% monthly you'd just divide each monthly payment by 1 plus the discount rate raised to the power of the number of periods until each payment. So the total is which is $8,127.54 You could also use the NPV function in Excel. It seems like to get an accurate answer the calculation of the interest rate should take into account compounding period as well? Correct, and in the example above the compounding is assumed to be monthly since that's the periodicity of the cash flows. You could calculate it with a different compounding period but it gets much more complicated and probably wouldn't make a significant difference. The discount rate does take compounding into effect, meaning if you saved the $5,628 (the PV of $8,128 minus the $2,500 initial payment), you'd earn 1% interest on $5,628 the first month, $5,128 plus that interest the second month, etc.
"You're welcome to hold any opinion of my writing as you like, but after actually typing my name ""Amy Hoy"" you still refer to me as a ""he""? Amy is a girl's name and my picture is obviously of a woman.   The culture I'm complaining about is everywhere, not just in b-school. Look at Hacker News, TechCrunch, or any kind of startup event. Or the VCs who got together to lament ""dipshit companies"" as anyone who doesn't swing for the fences:  *The VCs, for their part, fight back more quietly. They point out that very few angel funded startups end up very big or interesting. “An entire generation of entrepreneurs are building dipshit companies and hoping that they sell to Google for $25 million,” lamented a venture capitalist to me recently. He believes that angel investors are pushing entrepreneurs to think small, and avoid the home run swings. And you don’t get a home run unless you swing hard, he says. When you play it safe you nearly always lose.*   http://techcrunch.com/2010/08/15/venture-capital-super-angel-war-entrepreneur/  If you (anyone, not OP) don't think this attitude is rife, you're not paying attention."
The technical feature exists to (1)block all ACH activity, (2)block all ACH credits, or (3)block all ACH debits attempting to post to the deposit account.  The large financial institutions will not deviate from their company policies and won't offer something like this for a personal account.  The smaller institutions and credit unions are much more willing to discuss options.  Especially if you maintain a large deposit balance or have many products with the institution, you might convince them this feature is very important and insist they block all ACH activity on your account. This feature is used frequently on controlled asset accounts where the balance must be frozen for a variety of reasons.
Interest rates are always given annually, to make them comparable. If you prefer to calculate the rate or the total interest for the complete time, like 10 years or 15 years or 30 years, it is simple math, and it tells you the total you will pay, but it is not helpful for picking the better or even the right offer for your situation. Compare it to your car's gas mileage- what sense does it make to provide the information that a car will use 5000 gallons of gas over its lifetime? Is that better than a car that uses 6000 gallons (but may live 2 years longer?)
The best way to build your online traffic is using social media platform because it gives you millions of users at the same time and also they can subscribe to your page. Apart from this if you upload something new post or upload so they can easily get a notification. How to get more traffic to my site, Now these days social media if of the biggest marketing and promoting your brand among customers. For further more details about the mdwtraffictips, you can read our new latest blog for more free general tips and tricks.
COBRA premiums are not deductible on 1040 line 29; to qualify, the IRS says the insurance plan must be in your name (COBRA is in your former employer's name).  H&R Block confirms this.
"LOL!!!!  Oh Jesus... the FBI (yes, the FBI) thinks that Hillary mishandled top security e-mail(s) but ""there was no intent behind her actions, so she will not go to jail"" (but a sailor who took a picture of a ship and never even shared it is in jail for 10 years).  The FBI is part of the political system. Trump will change that.  **Any, I asked you to use COMMON SENSE, and not what you are told by the FBI and the fake media. Do you think the Russian could possibly rig the election for Trump from July until November?**  Or, is it a simple case of Americans hating Hillary and the DNC for their corruption, incompetence, crimes, cheating, killing, mishandling, etc?"
The lifetime limit would be very peculiar. The question for the IRS is, whether this is a gift of some sorts, which is why they become interested at some point. In the US, you as the giftor would have to pay the taxes. The bank might inquire too, due to money laundering issues. The bank will anyhow report transactions above a certain size to the IRS. As long as you are sending money to yourself, you should be fine, as this is clearly not a gift. If you send it to 3rd person, then this is either for a service, in this case you need a bill or is a gift, in which case you require to pay gift taxes.
Let's say that you bought a share of Apple for $10. When (if ever) their stock sold for $10, it was a very small company with a very small net worth; that is, the excess of assets over liabilities. Your $10 share was perhaps a 1/10,000,000th share of a tiny company. Over the years, Apple has developed both software and hardware that have real value to the world. No-one knew they needed a smartphone and, particularly, an iPhone, until Apple showed it to us. The same is true of iPads, iPods, Apple watches, etc. Because of the sales of products and services, Apple is now a huge company with a huge net worth. Obviously, your 1/10,000,000th share of the company is now worth a lot more. Perhaps it is worth $399. Maybe you think Apples good days are behind it. After all, it is harder to grow a huge company 15% a year than it is a small company. So maybe you will go into the marketplace and offer to sell your 1/10,000,000th share of Apple. If someone offers you $399, would you take it?  The value of stocks in the market is not a Ponzi scheme, although it is a bit speculative. You might have a different conclusion and different research about the future value of Apple than I do. Your research might lead you to believe the stock is worth $399. Mine might suggest it's worth $375. Then I wouldn't buy. The value of stocks in the market is based on the present and estimated future value of living, breathing companies that are growing, shrinking and steady. The value of each company changes all the time. So, then, does the price of the stock. Real value is created in the stock market when real value is created in the underlying company.
Now you have contradicted yourself.  You tried to compare half an inflation adjusted wage to Amazon's current offering based on some unknown point in history.  What you are saying is since you were underpaid it is a good trend.  Nearly everybody in America disagrees with you.
"He's talking about startups. Typically everyone wears a lot of hats, has a ""get shit done"" attitude,  and self-manages.  If you need managers at a startup, you've hired the wrong people.  Obviously, once you've finally built a well-oiled machine you'll need operators to run it."
Much like any human interaction, a successful phone conversation rests on making a good first impression. Consequently, your customers would rather talk to a professional who is polite, patient, and knows his stuff rather than to a novice who stumbles over every word.
"It is indeed, mostly because the various factors you need to take into account will change depending on the company. An Australian mining co funding a new settlement or harbor has nothing in common with a small European packaging company looking to acquire a competitor, except they both need to raise money.  As far as I know, to become ""proficient"" in that field, the only way is to go through heaps of case studies, which won't be found easily outside of the financial world (sell side research, conversation with experienced buy side analysts/PMs/traders or sell side cap markets pros).   It is niche knowledge with a narrow focus and a high potential for value added, hence, not really widely shared.  The good news though is that it isn't really that complex, it just takes (lots of) work and being in the right place (internship or entry level position in a market or M&amp;A oriented bank)."
"Oh, how about something like ""I'd rather not. It exposes me to more   financial liability than I want. If   you were in the hospital, or some   emergency like that, it might be   different, but..."""
wtf.  look at that image.  its supposed to show a horrible, disgusting, greedy, rich, 80-year-old unfairly hoarding money.  but check it out -- the mattresses are old and cheap, bare like in a flophouse, and the bills are $1 and $5.    statistically, i think being scared and hiding your fixed-income under a crappy mattress is a more accurate depiction of old age nowadays, than being a trillionaire and bathing in champagne.  i realize this will be an unpopular thought.  its very satisfying to have a group to blame for everything.  its scary the extent to which we're being led to hate each other in groups  =:-(
There is no right answer here, one has to make the choice himself. Its best to have an emergency fund before you start to commit funds to other reasons. The plan looks good. Keep following it and revise the plan often.
"From your own article they attribute it more to how they handled the banking crisis. And then there's this:  &gt;""The lessons don't transfer directly because of the relative size of the old banks in relation to the economy. What we were left with was quite manageable,"" said Jon Bentsson, senior economist at Islandsbanki.  Also, Iceland is an extremely small country, with just over 300k people. Lessons learned at that scale don't translate well to countries like America, with three orders of magnitude (just over 300 Million) higher numbers of people.   But true enough, I did not ask that question so I am willing to admit when I am wrong. Iceland did indeed recover with austerity measures in place."
In Australia, you will typically be required to pay for mortgage insurance if you borrow more than 80% of the value of the property.  Basically this means another ~1% on top of the regular interest rate.  So it's in your interests to save until you can at least reach that point. If you can't rent and save at the same time, it suggests your finances may be too stretched for buying now to be a good idea.
&gt; Essentially what the author is saying, I think, is that wages have been replaced in part by provided services, whether we want or need them, or not.  The report mentioned in the article finds wages stagnated when adjusted for inflation, not cost of living.  This means the increased costs of Internet, cable, and cell service are not accounted for in the stagnant wages and people have to pay for them on top of not getting paid more.  &gt; ...we should ignore what we are being paid, and just be happy with all the gadgets we can get on the cheap, and the services that are provided for us.  Funny how that attitude doesn't apply when we talk about raising taxes on the wealthy.
It does when you argue that a single factor is causing the price chart to move a certain way.  If they start to think it's perhaps more complicated than that, then yes, it breaks down quickly, which was precisely my point.
&gt; That said, the non-profit also was likely to enroll about 1,000 students at nominal tuition levels, whereas the for-profit is likely to enroll tens of thousands, with dozens of staff doing nothing but making sure their students get the largest possible student loans.  I get what you are saying, the non-profit isn't causing as much long-term damages as these for-profit Johnny-come-latelys. Has anyone taken the numbers and really crunched them?  I feel like the problem is the perverse incentives created by the student loan system. There isn't anything inherently wrong with for-profit colleges, but there are issues under the current system because of the way we extend credit to students. Anytime credit is available, the big, corrupt banks are not far behind.  I say get rid of the loan programs and see how these for-profit schools adjust. I think they would probably be able to adjust more quickly and possibly even get better than the non-profit schools, due to their lack of legacy contracts and traditions.
&gt; It claims to own a large portion of your income...  No, it takes money to pay for services provided to you. The public agreed to this transaction by electing representatives that negotiated the amount you would pay and the services you would receive in exchange.  Or do you believe you have a right to not pay for a military that protects you?
"I would actually disagree with MrChrister on this. You can afford yourself the car in this price range paid cash. I don't know how exactly you spend your income, but from my experience, in expensive California, saving $20K a year from $70K income with $800/mo rent is feasible. Having a loan on your credit report which is paid on time and in full will definitely help you rebuilding your credit. Your calculations re the costs of the loan are based on the assumption that you're going to keep the loan for the whole period. Don't do that. See #1 - you can repay this loan much quicker than the 3 years it should originally have been. 6 months of the loan which is then paid off will do marvels to your credit report and credit score. Yes, it is going to cost you some, but in your particular case I would argue that its worth it. You're an adult now, you need credit cards, you'll need a mortgage at some point, you need to rent a place to live - all these require a good credit report. Just waiting, as MrChrister suggests, will help, but much much slower.  Having said that, a seller that ""cannot discuss the terms over the phone"" is most likely a dishonest person. Once you're there and in front of him it is harder for you to verify information, resist signing papers, and negotiating."
That's like saying corporations ruin the economy because they employ people that could otherwise start their own successful business.   Why didn't those people start a successful business? Why do people work for corporations?  Building infrastructure in poor countries adds to the resources that these people can tap into and also adds value to their community.
"I agree about not wanting to get into your friend's personal business, and it's a scummy bill collector that repeatedly calls friends or family to track down a debtor. On the other hand, at least he's made it obvious he's calling about a debt as opposed to pretending to be tracking down your friend with some other pretext. Nevertheless, you want the calls to stop.  Here are two suggestions: Perhaps, a small fib: ""The creep owes me money too! Grrr! Let me know when you find him!""  The bill collector probably won't call you again :-) Or, if you're like me and uncomfortable fibbing – even to a scummy bill collector! – then here's a more truthful yet direct approach: ""I told you already it's not my debt, it's none of my business, and that I want you to stop calling me.  You have no right to harass me and if you call again I will involve the police.  There will be no other warning."" Then have the phone company block the bill collector's phone number from calling you."
"driven by his fervent, conservative belief that debtors should pay creditors all of the money they owe   ...    yeah right. and wasn't the supreme court decision nearly unanimous? that's a bit more than a ""handful"" of judges. i dunno man. huffpo fails to convince me."
I just researched it a bit more and you are correct. It is essentially only a drive-reduction gear and a reverse gear. This means there is very, very little to be serviced on the entire drivetrain. The biggest service issue is the battery pack, and that has a lifetime that is accounted for in the 8 year warranty limit. So Tesla is not sweating the number of miles, honestly.
Are you trying to figure out if a project would increase the market value of equity?     I think your issue is that the Market value of Equity will not be updated with the NPV of 40M (Assuming it is truly +, not sure if it's true with 50M of debt).      EV = Market Value of Equity + Debt - Cash and CE   Ev - Debt + Cash and CE = Market equity value.     So I think you would have to update the market value of Equity up with 40M. This would then lead to EV = Equity Value + future income stream discounted + debt - Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Alternative Minimum Tax is based not just on your income, but moreso on the deductions you use. In short, if you have above the minimum AMT threshold of income (54k per your link), and pay a tiny amount of tax, you will pay AMT. AMT is used as an overall protection for the government to say ""okay, you can use these deductions from your taxable income, but if you're making a lot of money, you should pay something, no matter what your deductions are"". This extra AMT can be used to reduce your tax payment in a future year, if you pay regular tax again. For example - if you have 60k in income, but have 60k in specific deductions from your income, you will pay zero regular tax [because your taxable income will be zero]. AMT would require you to pay some tax on your income above the minimum 54k threshold, which might work out to a few thousand bucks. Next year, if you have 60k in income, but only 15k in deductions, then you would pay some regular tax, and would be able to offset that regular tax by claiming a credit from your AMT already paid.  AMT is really a pre-payment of tax paid in years when you have a lot of deductions. Unless you have a lot of deductions every single year, in which case you might not be able to get all of your AMT refunded in the end. Wikipedia has a pretty good summary of AMT in the US, here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternative_minimum_tax.  If you think AMT is unfair (and maybe in some cases you might pay it when you think it's ""unfair""), look at the root causes of paying AMT listed in that Wikipedia article: I am not trying to convince you that AMT is fair, just that it applies only when someone already has a very low tax rate due to deductions. If you have straight salary income, it would only apply in rare scenarios."
Damn Qdoba :P Knows they just lost their only edge with queso coming out.   Seriously though this has been my pet theory for a while now. Wouldn't even have to be some crazy conspiracy, maybe just some local restaurant owner whose cousin works at chipotle and had a shitty manager he hated. Hears about it happening before and figures maybe he can boost his business with a copycat crime.
based on my understanding of your query...well you need to understand ATM and ITM options. The  delta and gamma factor specifically. Usually delta of ATM is around 0.5 while ITM option is above than that say 0.6 or 0.8 or 0.9 and deep ITM is very close to 1. for every movement of 1 buck the ITM will move say 1.6, ATM 0.5 and OTM 0.3 approx Say a ABC stock price is Rs. 300 so if you check option chart you try to see which one is closer. Suppose you find strikeprice of 320 / 300 / 280. So  320 is ITM, 300 is ATM and 280 is OTM for call options. So will the delta value (e.g 0.66 / 0.55 / 0.35). So suppose if stock price rise by 7% i.e Rs. 321 then strikeprice will rise simultaneously. Say ATM CE300 is rs.10 it will start rising by 0.55 i.e. Rs.10.55. The moment the share price move from Rs.300 to Rs.320 your ATM will turn to ITM. Now the tricker part if you buy OTM and the share price rise by 15% your OTM will now become ITM and your profit will roll around 100% to 120% approx. Hope it answers your query
Traders trade for a living, stockbrokers tell people to get involved in trades for a living. To be employed as a trader, you need a proven track record of being able to consistently make money. To be employed as a stockbroker, you need to get licensed but you don't need to prove you can consistently make money.
In my mind these are quite different, though maybe there is some vague analogy in meta-space that is escaping me.  This isn't about manipulating scarcity or demand, it's about manipulating pricing. I guess the common thread is that it's about manipulating. :)  The motivation is to skirt the commercial code requirement that you can't charge people differentially by ability-to-pay by dividing the market into a high end and a low end, and giving the people who can't pay as much a less desirable product.  In this case, producing the high end product is easily possible to do for everyone, but if you put it at the high price, you'd get too few buyers and if you put it at the low price, you'd leave money on the table.  Similar schemes have been used in airlines to charge businesses more by assuming they have to plan things last-minute and making the high price be around changeability of tickets, and assuming vacations are planned longer out and are really being sold to a market of people with less money to spend.  By controlling the character of the sale in a situation where delivery of the product costs about the same, you maximize the revenue.  It used to be, though no longer is, that phone calls were done this way, too.  You got better pricing off-hours even though the phone lines were there 24/7 because it was assumed that the only people who must have phone calls, especially long distance, were businesses who could afford steeper prices.  By calling off-hours calling a different product, you could charge less for it and thus do the only thing you really wanted, which is to get maximal amounts of money out of business and non-business people based on their ability to pay, but by a dodge that caused the products to be differentiated, so that it couldn't be said you were charging based on ability to pay.
By reducing your debt you will increase your borrowing capability which will only increase your credit score. But before you start worrying about your credit score as JoeTaxpayer says I would first stop paying 18+% to the bank.
"And what's wrong with lower cost? What makes you entitled to higher wage when someone can do it for lower cost?  Why do you like eating like a king in from pre industrial era? Why do you not like paying fortune for bacons? Call it use or abuse. That's how it always have worked and made capitalism so successful.  I didn't claim ""in ideal economy"". I said in competitive market. There are many industries that are competitive.  Many of them have shown that outsourcing portion of IT is the right move. Even Cloud platform such as Azure and AWS are replacement of some IT work traditionally done.  Free trade of goods and services(barring externalities and risks) are econ 101. If you don't get it, I suggest you take up a reading on Ricardian Theory.   Honestly, I was lucky to have a good professor go over it with me."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2017/08/11/nuclear-fears-wipe-1-trillion-off-global-stock-markets_a_23074645/?utm_campaign=canada_newsletter) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Many world stock markets have hit record or multi-year highs in recent weeks, leaving them vulnerable to a sell-off, and the tensions over North Korea have proved the trigger.  &gt; &amp;quot;Of course, it&amp;#039;s all come at a time when share markets are due for a correction, so North Korea has provided a perfect trigger.""  &gt; A Chinese state-run newspaper said on Friday that China should make clear that it will stay neutral if North Korea launches an attack that threatens the United States, but that if the U.S. attacks first and tries to overthrow North Korea&amp;#039;s government, China will prevent it doing so.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6t2oku/nuclear_fears_wipe_1_trillion_off_global_stock/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~188781 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Korea**^#1 **North**^#2 **percent**^#3 **since**^#4 **market**^#5"
Commission or no commission, their level of helpful customer interaction is pretty much dependent on the person.   Commission is much better for the Employee if they actually know what they are talking about and allows some with some actual skillful knowledge at you electronic to make a living providing you service.  Versus the retail model where you might have a few college kids that no what they are talking about that will be gone as soon as they can find a real job.
The fact that the government is picking and choosing who becomes a domestic shipping monopoly and defending them afterwards with lower shipping rates is in itself the problem, not who it chooses.  And you're right. Amazon is hardly alone in recieving this benefit.  http://fortune.com/2017/07/16/amazon-postal-service-subsidy/  &gt; Either way, Amazon is hardly alone in getting a boost from the USPS’s complex pricing. Thanks to international agreements through the United Nations, international shippers—especially those sending small packages from China—often get services at substantially below cost. That puts U.S. stores and domestic online sellers alike at a persistent disadvantage.  I used to work for a small time consumer goods manufacturer in the rural north. We did not recieve any such benefit for international shipping. Their international customers bore the burden of UPS' rate to get items to the border, a ~$20 Canadian customs rate to get it through the border with often a month long, sometimes longer customs inspection waiting period, and their domestic Canadian courier's rate on top of that. And now because companies like Amazon do get this benefit, among other benefits given to them by our government, more and more of their business is solely reliant on Amazon and they have no negotiating power.  This is how increasing the power and scope of government over the production and distribution of goods and services destroys small business and innovation.
"Technically, anyone who advises how you should spend or proportion your money is a financial adviser.  A person that does it for money is a Financial Advisor (difference in spelling). Financial Advisors are people that basically build, manage, or advise on your portfolio.  They have a little more institutional knowledge on how/where to invest, given your goals, since they do it on a daily basis. They may know a little more than you since, they deal with many different assets: stocks, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, insurances (home/health/life), REITs, options, futures, LEAPS, etc. There is risk in everything you do, which is why what they propose is generally according to the risk-level you want to assume.  Since you're younger, your risk level could be a little higher, as you approach retirement, your risk level will be lower.  Risk level should be associated with how likely you're able to reacquire your assets if you lose it all as well as, your likelihood to enjoy the fruits from your investments. Financial Advisors are great, however, be careful about them.  Some are payed on commissions, which are given money for investing in packages that they support.  Basically, they could get paid $$ for putting you in a losing situation.  Also be careful because some announce that they are fee-based - these advisers often receive fees as well as commissions.  Basically, associate the term ""commission"" with ""conflict-of-interest"", so you want a fee-only Advisor, which isn't persuaded to steer you wrong. Another thing worth noting is that some trading companies (like e*trade) has financial services that may be free, depending how much money you have with them.  Generally, $50K is on the lower end to get a Financial Advisors.  There has been corruption in the past, where Financial Advisors are only given a limited number of accounts to manage, that means they took the lower-valued ones and basically ran them into the ground, so they could get newer ones from the lot that were hopefully worth more - the larger their portfolio, the more $$ they could make (higher fees or more commissions) and subjectively less work (less accounts to have to deal with), that's subjective, since the spread of the wealth was accross many markets."
Summarized article: The NASDAQ announced it will offer $40 million to compensate clients who were disadvantaged by technical problems during Facebook's IPO on May 18.   NASDAQ's technical glitch caused a delay in the opening of first day trading of Facebook shares and traders experienced slow order confirmations.   NASDAQ said $13.7 million will be paid to its affected investment firms and the balance will be given to the firms as credit to reduce trading fees. The benefits would last as long as 6 months.   Investors who are eligible for compensation are those who placed orders to buy Facebook shares at $42 or less but were executed at an inferior price or those whose orders went through but were not immediately confirmed.  The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) opposed the compensation offer saying the move would allow NASDAQ to undercut them on prices and would take market share from competing exchanges.   NASDAQ's compensation plan is subject to regulator approval.    Facebook shares are currently down 30% from the IPO price of $38.  *For more summarized news, subscribe to the [/r/SkimThat](http://www.reddit.com/r/SkimThat) subreddit*
There is no research or scientific data to arrive at how much in Single Fund is good, how much is more risky. Its a question of risk appetite, how much money if you loose you are fine. This is similar to making a decision as to how much diversified should a portfolio be ... i.e. what mix of FD/Mutual Funds/Shares/Gold/Real Estate one should have.
It all depends on how much you want to change your phone. Android phone makers do a lot of customization to start with (and include their own crapware). This gives us phones with extra control buttons, more or fewer options (Near Field Communication, wireless charging, etc), and so on.  After that, you have options. New keyboard, special favorite Reddit app, etc. I don't see too many missing holes in the iOS apps, but some of my android widgets are missing or missing features (free, good, logging bar code reader that can email a list?).
"P/E is a useful tool for evaluating the price of a company, but only in comparison to companies in similar industries, especially for industries with well-defined cash flows.  For example, if you compared Consolidated Edison (NYSE:ED) to Hawaiian Electric (NYSE:HE), you'll notice that HE has a significantly higher PE. All things being equal, that means that HE may be overpriced in comparison to ED. As an investor, you need to investigate further to determine whether that is true. HE is unique in that it is a utility that also operates a bank, so you need to take that into account. You need to think about what your goal is when you say that you are a ""conservative"" investor and look at the big picture, not a magic number. If conservative to you means capital preservation, you need to ensure that you are in investments that are diversified and appropriate. Given the interest rate situation in 2011, that means your bonds holding need to be in short-duration, high-quality securities. Equities should be weighted towards large cap, with smaller holdings of international or commodity-associated funds. Consider a target-date or blended fund like one of the Vanguard ""Life Strategy"" funds."
"You're right, but netting $150,000 a year isn't really even that tough for a savvy individual with the skill set of talented developer.  ""Creating an app"" is far from the only option to make that money anyways (in fact, you're probably correct in your condescending tone mentioning it).    Why would an intelligent skilled worker tether themselves to a desk in Seattle, when they could easily do just as well financially, and live where, and work when, they please?  There are definitely some people who would value the steady, and certain, paycheck.  But, becoming a talented developer requires a level of ambition and self-motivation in and of itself that caters to entrepreneurship well.   The issue is that MSFT doesn't want to pay what good programmers are actually worth, according to the market.  So, they run PR campaigns and lobby the government to bring in workers that will happily work for under true market rate.  Granted, these Visa workers pay taxes, and get great jobs.  That doesn't really hide the fact that these workers help lower the wages that they ""should"" be paying, according to basic supply and demand."
"Yes- you do not realize gains or losses until you actually sell the stock.  After you sell the initial stocks/bonds you have realized the gain.  When you buy the new, different stocks you haven't realized anything until you then sell those. There is one exception to this, called the ""Wash-Sale Rule"".  From Investopedia.com: With the wash-sale rule, the IRS disallows a loss deduction from the   sale of a security if a ‘substantially identical security' was purchased within 30 days before or after the sale.  The   wash-sale period is actually 61 days, consisting of the 30 days before   and the 30 days after the date of the sale. For example, if you bought   100 shares of IBM on December 1 and then sold 100 shares of IBM on   December 15 at a loss, the loss deduction would not be allowed.   Similarly, selling IBM on December 15 and then buying it back on   January 10 of the following year does not permit a deduction. The   wash-sale rule is designed to prevent investors from making trades for   the sole purpose of avoiding taxes."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-40453774) reduced by 50%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; India has replaced its numerous federal and state taxes with the Goods and Services Tax, designed to unify the country into a single market.  &gt; India says introducing GST will cut red tape and increase tax revenues, fuelling economic growth.  &gt; &amp;quot;No country of comparable size and complexity has attempted a tax reform of this scale,&amp;quot; Harishankar Subramanian, of Ernst and Young previously told the BBC. Under the new system, goods and services will be taxed under four basic rates - 5%, 12% 18% and 28%. Some items like vegetables and milk have been exempted from GST, but will still be subject to existing taxes.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6kp8xz/indien_ers\u00e4tter_en_rad_skatter_med_ny_nationell/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~157063 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Tax**^#1 **Services**^#2 **Goods**^#3 **GST**^#4 **existing**^#5"
&gt; … Sycamore lined up financing from **UBS Group AG, Bank of America Corp.’s Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank AG, Credit Suisse Group AG, Royal Bank of Canada, Jefferies Group LLC, Wells Fargo &amp; Co. and Fifth Third Bank. Merrill Lynch and Deutsche Bank** …  &gt; Staples, meanwhile, got financial advice on the deal from **Barclays Plc and Morgan Stanley** …   Any banks in the world missing?
The cost of making a bad hire depends very much on what country you're in. In many European countries workers' rights are very strong and the cost can be enormous as it is difficult to fire people. Much less so in the USA.
It would depend on the bounds of your hypothetical.    If the investor group is blind to cost + has infinite money and the existing management is unwilling to comply at any cost, then management will destroy the company before the investor group can take it over.    If the existing management follow rational choice theory; then an investment group with unlimited money could take over, hold a special meeting on it, etc.  Shareholders can't force management to do anything per se, as management decisions that violate fiduciary duty aren't criminally liable unless the act itself is a crime.  So if an investor group were to try a hostile takeover, and Twitter mgmt said we'll see you in hell; then they could just shut down every data center, sell off twitter.com, terminate all the employees, issue a billion new shares, issue every employee a million $0.01 strike warrants, etc. until there's nothing left to take over just to spite them.  Defensive strategies get pretty creative and are highly amusing to watch if you don't have a dog in the fight.
Kind of gate to say it but I definitely have the persuasion and people skill part down. Spent 8 years in the therapy field in the military.   Definitely interested in tips!  I've been watching whatever I can on YouTube that I run across and have watched a few things on vet benefits for government contracts and different things like that but not sure I want to work too much with the government or even have that much of a chance where I'm at.  Probably looking more towards construction inspection or land survey stuff. Would absolutely love to get info search and rescue work if I could and do some good if I could
"This is not a problem. SWIFT does not need the Beneficiary Account Currency. The settlement account [or the Instruction amount] is of interest to the Banks. As I understand your agreement with client is they pay you ""X"" EUR. That is what would be specified on the SWIFT along with your details as beneficiary [Account Number etc]. Once the funds are received by your bank in Turkey, they will get EUR. When they apply these funds to your account in USD, they will convert using the standard rates. Unless you are a large customer and have special instructions [like do not credit if funds are received in NON-USD or give me a special rate or Call me and ask me what I want to do etc]. It typically takes 3-5 days for an international wire depending on the countries and currencies involved. Wait for few more days and then if not received, you have to ask your Client to mention to his Bank that Beneficiary is claiming non-receipt of funds. The Bank that initiated the transfer can track the wire not the your bank which is supposed to receive the funds."
If you have two other assets whose payoffs tomorrow are known and whose prices today are known, you can value it.  Let's say you can observe a risk-free bond and a stock. Using those, you can calculate the state prices/risk-neutral probabilities. NOTE: You do not need to know the true probabilities.   The value of your asset is then the state-price weighted sum of future payoffs.
"Will the investment bank evaluate the worth of my company more than or less than 50 crs. Assuming the salvage value of the assets of 50 crs (meaning that's what you could sell them for to someone else), that would be the minimum value of your company (less any outstanding debts). There are many ways to calculate the ""value"" of a company, but the most common one is to look at the future potential for generating cash.   The underwriters will look at what your current cash flow projections are, and what they will be when you invest the proceeds from the public offering back into the company.  That will then be used to determine the total value of the company, and in turn the value of the portion that you are taking public. And what will be the owner’s share in the resulting public company? That's completely up to you.  You're essentially selling a part of the company in order to bring cash in, presumably to invest in assets that will generate more cash in the future.  If you want to keep complete control of the company, then you'll want to sell less than 50% of the company, otherwise you can sell as much or as little as you want."
"Good for them.  Look how much time different countries spent competing over the Blue Riband (awarded to the fastest trans Atlantic crossing) before the Jet Age took over.    Fixed rail infrastructure for passenger transportation in anywhere other than highly dense areas is a money loser.  On the other hand, we're on the event horizon of a new age of AI capable of powering vast ""trains"" of automated individual modules on the infrastructure we've already built (roads and interstates).  Wasting any more money on passenger rail isn't the way to go."
Calculating and adjusting cost basis accurately is a daunting task, but there is a (paid) online tool, NetBasis, which will automatically calculate and adjust your cost basis.  It is used by brokerage firms and Fortune 500 companies and is available to the public.  Go to netbasis.com. All you need are the purchase and sale dates and shares of the stock or mutual fund and the system has the rest of the information, such as corporate actions (splits, spin-offs, etc), pricing, and dividends and it also will apply the appropriate IRS rules for inherited and gifted shares. The regulation also gives investors the option to choose calculation methods.  Not only does NetBasis automatically calculate the method you choose, it will also give the results for all options and allow you to choose the best result. NetBasis also provides you with detailed supporting documentation which shows all of the calculations and the adjustments in chronological order. NetBasis has data going back as far as 1925, so it will accurately calculate cost basis for your old American Telegraph and Telephone shares. NetBasis also handles complex investment scenarios such as wash sales, short sales, return of capital, etc. Moderator's note: Disclosure: The answerer's profile indicates they are affiliated with NetBasis.
Aspirin is acetyl salicylic acid.  You can get this from almost every drug company on this planet, nothing special tied to Bayer.    And remember it's not candy, don't take 20 a day, that could be dangerous.
They haven't been doing very well for a while. Their stock was in a downward trend since October 2006. They had an upward trend since 1986, then in 2006 they transitioned to a downward slope. Their stock plummeted in 2008, then rebounded shortly after (due to the bailout?) to continue its downward trend.
That's definitely not indicative of all available ISPs. I live in an area with Charter that also has 3-4 other local telco's providing a mixture of phone/data/cable services. I don't know that there's much overlap, and Charter owns a big chunk of the area, but there's definitely competition.
You're right, history is on your side, if you are comparing one extreme (communism or other extreme forms of socialism) with another less extreme model (your preferred version of capitalism). I think it can be more balanced and actually productive than both of those particular models.
It's important because it shows that the amount you owe does not decrease linearly with each payment, and you gain equity as a correspondingly slower rate at the beginning of the loan and faster at the end. This has to be figured in when considering refinancing, or when you sell the place and pay off the mortgage. It also shows why making extra payments toward principal (if your loan permits doing so) is so advantageous -- unlike a normal payment that lowers the whole curve by a notch, reducing the length of time over which interest is due and thus saving you money in the long run. (Modulo possible lost-opportnity costs, of course.)
"Hi guys, hopefully someone reads this even though this thread has gotten kind of old. Might ask again next week.  Anyway, I'm a finance student and currently an intern for a big FS company. My internship is pretty fun and I'm learning a lot, but very little technical skills (the internship is in compliance and that's not where I want to end up after I graduate). My question is, over the summer, what should I learn? As in, take online courses on coursera or by reading a book. I know you'll probably answer ""Whatever interests you"", but with limited knowledge on the matter, it all seems equally interesting to me. Should I try myself at programming? What language? Should I learn excel modelling? Does anyone have any suggestions?"
I do this often and have never had a problem.  My broker is TD Ameritrade and they sent several emails (and even called and left a message) the week of expiry to remind me I had in the money options that would be expiring soon. Their policy is to automatically exercise all options that are at least $.01 in the money.  One email was vaguely worded, but it implied that they could liquidate other positions to raise money to exercise the options.  I would have called to clarify but I had no intention of exercising and knew I would sell them before expiry. In general though, much like with margin calls, you should avoid being in the position where the broker needs to (or can do) anything with your account. As a quick aside:  I can't think of a scenario where you wouldn't be able to sell your options, but you probably are aware of the huge spreads that exist for many illiquid options.  You'll be able to sell them, but if you're desperate, you may have to sell at the bid price, which can be significantly (25%?) lower than the ask.  I've found this to be common for options of even very liquid underlyings.  So personally, I find myself adjusting my limit price quite often near expiry.  If the quote is, say, 3.00-3.60, I'll try to sell with a limit of 3.40, and hope someone takes my offer.  If the price is not moving up and nobody is biting, move down to 3.30, 3.20, etc. In general you should definitely talk to your broker, like others have suggested.  You may be able to request that they sell the options and not attempt to exercise them at the expense of other positions you have.
I imagine most of the design work will go on back in Sweden, other than maybe with respect to the electric powertrain.  Same with the assembly, although it will likely use more parts from affiliates of the investors (which, likely won't be a major difference considering the % of auto parts which are already manufactured in China).
You sound like you are budgeting too much for food.  Try limiting yourself to $200 a month for food and take that out in cash.  When it's up, it's up.  It's a hard way to learn but if you can tackle that, then budgeting for other things gets easier.   In terms of your fear of doing a financial bellyflop, which is valid, it sounds like you may need to both sit down and learn a little more about personal finance.  Try mrmoneymustache.com or fivecentnickel, or any of the other frugal living blogs that are out there.  There are whole communities that can help you and give you tips to do more with less, and learn budgeting and finance and how to handle your money and your future.  And no worries, the fact you are concerned enough to look for direction now means you may be able to avoid your fear completely.
"As others are saying, you want to be a bit wary of completely counting on a defined benefit pension plan to be fulfilling exactly the same promises during your retirement that it's making right now. But, if in fact you've ""won the game"" (for lack of a better term) and are sure you have enough to live comfortably in retirement for whatever definition of ""comfortably"" you choose, there are basically two reasonable approaches: Those are all reasonable approaches, and so it really comes down to what your risk tolerance is (a.k.a. ""Can I sleep comfortably at night without staying up worrying about my portfolio?""), what your goals for your money are (Just taking care of yourself? Trying to ""leave a legacy"" via charity or heirs or the like? Wanting a ""dream"" retirement traveling the world if possible but content to stay home if it's not?), and how confident you are in being able to calculate your ""needs"" in retirement and what your assets will truly be by then. You ask ""if it would be unwise at this stage of my life to create a portfolio that's too conservative"", but of course if it's ""too conservative"" then it would have been unwise. But I don't think it's unwise, at any stage of life, to create a portfolio that's ""conservative enough"". Only take risks if you have the need, ability, and willingness to do so."
I would pile up your extra cash to use when you won't be able to work as much.   This will prevent you from adding debt during that time.    Because you'll need the money in the short term (less than 5 years), your best place to put it is a savings account earning a dismal amount of interest.
Are you planning to not pay taxes? Any time someone has income in the U.S., it is subject to U.S. taxes. You must file tax returns (and pay taxes if necessary) if you have income above a certain threshold, regardless of whether you're not authorized to work or not. If you plan to intentionally not pay taxes, then that's a whole other matter from working without authorization. Working without authorization is an immigration issue. It probably violates the conditions of your status, which will make you to automatically lose your status. That may or may not affect when you want to want to visit, immigrate to, or get other immigration benefits in the U.S. in the future; and at worst you may be deported. It's a complicated topic, but not really relevant for this site.
"The problem is that if you sold off in 2010 you missed on out the market practically doubling itself. I would definitely be kicking myself.  No, it's not sustainable but no one knows what the market is going to do compared to other assets. Is the economy going to grow into the market, is it going to double dip? ""When"" is a key factor here."
Aside from the averages mentioned by Jahlapenoez, it may also be useful to group depositors into different categories based on account size and transaction history (# of deposits, # of withdrawals, size of each, etc.) then track how those numbers change on whatever time periods you need to capture. Analysts can use that to see what's going on with outliers as well and assign profitability metrics for the different groupings.  It really helps to have the data structured in a way that allows analysts to ask these questions and retrieve them easily. So the data discovery process will be helped or hindered a lot by the maturity of the bank's data warehouse as well as the tools used for data analysis.
Not only is this article just referencing another longer article, but that article does nothing to explain WHY there is this difference.  It's frustrating because I'd like to know why.  They say it's because of a different configuration of culture, the law, and unions.  Uh, okay.  That explains nothing.
What if there is only one trading day and the volume is smaller than   the open interest on that one trading day. This is assuming there is   no open interest before that day? I pulled this from a comment. This can't happen. We have zero open interest on day one. On day 2, I buy 10 contracts. Volume is 10 and now open interest is also 10. Tomorrow, if I don't sell, open interest starts at 10 and will rise by whatever new contracts are traded.   This is an example. I removed the stock name. This happens to be the Jan'17 expiration. The 10 contract traded on the $3 strike happen to be mine. You can see how open interest is cumulative, representing all outstanding contracts. It's obvious to me the shares traded as high as $5 at some point which created the interest (i.e. the desire) to trade this strike. Most activity tends to occur near the current price.
I remember first encountering an ANA unit. I asked one soldier what his rank was. Private (lowest rank). I asked him about his training. 4 weeks, part time. He only had one day of shitty hand-me-down soviet rifle training. He seemed kind of afraid of it.  About 40 in his unit, all but three had similar levels of experience.  Ok. Not sure how that is supposed to work.  I asked who his superior was.  “There’s one Sergeant with 2 years experience in the unit who makes all the decisions”.  Anyone higher ranking than that? Nope.  Any officers who can, I dunno, make tactical decisions so you guys aren’t just randos running around with rifles? Nope.  The Sergeant had an old RPG. “Do you guys have any artillery, air support, etc?” Nope.  What do you do if you get in a fight and you’re outnumbered? “Ask Americans for help”.  Mmkay. This probably isn’t going to work very well, I thought.  Spoiler alert: It did not work out well.  Not my area of expertise, I was never responsible for training or involved in units who were (however I did meet a fair number of ANA units). My impression was that none had received equipment or training that would make them suitable replacements to take over security in the event of a NATO withdrawal.  This was 8-10 years in. From what you still see in the news, I imagine this is still the case.
my concern is any possible secondary effects.   If it's isolated to cars- nbd- but if the majority of Americans take their car to work and we see a cascade of people losing income, and people failing to pay mortgages/rents then can it snowball?
&gt; You are aware that online advertising spending recently overtook tv, right? It had a lot of people in the ad world screaming that tv advertising is dead and online is the only possible future.  That's a very narrow perspective to base your conclusions on.  The fact is I know what I'm talking about.  When a computer and internet expert gives you tips about the internet what you should do is shut up and think of how to use that knowledge to your advantage, instead of being mean.
&gt; Many more people are eligible for subsidies **but haven’t yet signed up**. We estimate (using the approach described here that a total of **9.5 million uninsured people are eligible** for subsidies in federal marketplace states  so, clearly, subsidies are a very limited incentive
&gt;Most other people would actually get a better deal than me in a private road system.  How much of a better deal? Give me some estimates, any numbers at all. Because I can't imagine how a for-profit road can be any cheaper than a not-for-profit road.  &gt; I don't think the Federal government should do anything beyond protect your basic rights.  Most roads aren't the federal government. In fact very little are.  The interstate system makes up like 1% of the roads.  Does this mean you're cool with states and counties taking over the road system?  &gt;I'd gladly pay more because I'm choosing to pay more than be forced to pay  That sounds like an awful way to look at it.  You're willing to pay for the privileged of someone else not getting something paid for?  I know this is your opinion, but you have to understand why this couldn't possibly be appealing to very many people.
Corrupt country leaders will probably rape it dry for their personal gains. Next thing you know, the secretary of state is getting $100000 loan with 1 percent interest when the country national bank lending money to its people at 25% percent interest.
&gt; “**It is important that we get our economy growing again through savings and investment, not more debt and deficit spending**. But we can’t turn the economy around until we fix the root of the problem: an unaccountable Federal Reserve. A complete and thorough audit of the Fed will finally allow the American people to know exactly how their money is being spent by Washington.”   Why don't the US people get this simple fact is beyond me &gt;&lt;
I've personally gotten better experiences on Lyft going back at least a year and their drivers have said they prefer it to driving for Uber, even if it's obviously a small biased sample.  That it's not as combative with city governments or drivers likely has helped its case even if not every potential investor or firm sees it that way just yet.
Depextechnologies.com provides Foodpanda Clone Script for Food Ordering at resonable price. Depex develop the portal for online food ordering website to help them for entrepreneur start the business like foodpanda, and Just Eat website features with lowest cost, because the food industry is the most growing business. For all details about their products and services go through their website.
I'm in connecticut and I have met with RobertHalf and another recruiting firm. They both said they would be in constant contact with me yet I haven't heard from either so far. I have emailed and called and haven't gotten much.  I try to apply to at least 4 or 5 new positions a day but never hear anything back.  [This](http://www.w3schools.com/sql/default.asp) is what I have been trying to familiarize myself with just to get the gist of SQL.
"Inflation means that the more money you create, the less it has value. To that I say, ""Meh.""   A funnier way of gaining wealth, which is the ultimate goal to stealing currency, would be to gain a great deal of money (through robbery or other means) then attempt to trigger a deflationary spiral while sitting on the cash. Sure it might be difficult, but I'm pretty sure the key is jacking up Fed interest rates and blowing up money printers."
Are these all questions you want answers to because you are planning to help me or do you just want to know?  I will most likely not go any further with this idea.  But if you really want to know just tell me and I will get back to you with the answers.  Edit: Sorry if I sound rash but I kind of lost hope for this by looking at the responses I got for this same post on /r/PCMasterrace
Part of the TJ's business model though is that they are almost always placed near a larger full service store.  The idea being, you shop at JT's first to save money, and they only sell items with a higher margin which accounts for the higher wages they can pay.  Then, if you still need a specialty item, you run next door.  The less choice option doesn't work as well in isolation, so saying everyone should sell less items and only high margin items so they can pay more would leave us with stores like Trader Joe's, with the same selection as Trader Joe's.  And a relatively undeserved market.  Once everyone has the same selection again, they have to start competing on price which means someone will open a TJ, pay their people shit and sell the same things as them.
"There are broadly two kinds of pension: final salary / defined benefit, and money purchase.  The text you quote above, where it talks about ""pension"" it is referring to a final salary / defined benefit scheme. In this type of scheme you earn a salary of £X during your working life, and you are then entitled to a proportion of £X (the proportion depends on how long you worked there) as a pension. These types of scheme are relatively rare now (outside the public sector) because the employer is liable for making enough investments into a pot to have enough money to pay everyone's pension entitlements, and when the investments do poorly the liability for the shortfall ends up on the employer's plate. You might have heard about the ""black hole in public sector pensions"" which is what this refers to - the investments that the government have made to pay public sector workers' pensions has not in fact been sufficient. The other type of scheme is a money purchase scheme. In this scheme, you and/or your employer make payments into an investment pot which is locked away until you retire. Once you retire, that pot is yours but there are restrictions on what you can do with it - you can use it to purchase an annuity (I will give you my £X,000 pension pot in return for you giving me an annual income of £Y, say) and you can take some of it as a lump sum. The onus is on you to make sure that you (and/or your employer) have contributed enough to make a large enough pot to give you the income you want to live on, and to make a sensible decision about what to do with the pot when you retire and what to use it as income. With either type of scheme, you can claim this pension after you reach retirement age, whether or not you are still working. In some schemes you are also permitted to claim the pension earlier than retirement age if you have stopped working - it will depend on the rules of the scheme. What counts as ""retirement age"" depends on how old you are now (and whether you are male or female) as the government has been pushing this age out as people have been living longer.  In addition to both schemes, there is also a ""state pension"" which is a fixed, non-means-tested, weekly amount paid from government funds. Again you are entitled to receive this after you pass retirement age, whether or not you are still working."
The Sincro Hotel near Merida Road Goa India, Enjoy Family fun with Double Room Goa, Laundry facility, Hotel comes Indian Restaurant in Margao Goa, best available rate, Gives luxurious and unforgettable experience near Seraulim Road Goa, Ample Parking available, budget rate resort near Ambaji Road Goa, Conference facilities Margao Goa, Best Chinese &amp;amp; Indian Restaurant, +91 832 2741408
Got a degree in finance and I'll talk about simple ways to really improve your learning experience:  excel will be your best friend. Get comfortable with it. Learn; pivot tables, formulas, formatting, and macros.  Learn to type at a decent speed. Many students still type slow. It will hinder you  Current events is the best way to stay informed. Always be reading up on business information. Pretty much twice a day.   Join a free stock market game and track how you do. Get on it twice a week and make trades frequent based on what you think.   I can elaborate more if you have any more questions !
Debit cards are the dumbest development ever. I now have a piece of plastic that allows any yahoo to cause me to bounce my mortgage. Great. Throw away the debit card. Use a credit card and exercise some self control. Take out a sufficient amount of cash to cover your weekly incidental expenses under $50. If you want something that costs more than $50, wait a week and use the credit card. You'll find that using cash at places like the convenience store or gas station will cause you to not spend $3 for a slim jim, lotto ticket, donut or other dumb and unnecessary item.
Skin tightening in Noida offers spectacular results. If you have been trying every means possible to rejuvenate your skin and look younger, then skin tightening is the right solution for you. Age can take a toll on the skin, and while good habits and sunscreen can protect your skin against serious harm, the toxic environment, lifestyle factors, and stress can make you look older.
What would you do if you had the check?  Probably destroy it.  The goal is to render it uncashable.  One way to do such is to have it shredded.   If you are uncomfortable leaving them to destroy it, then swing by and pick it up.  Alternatively offer to send them a self addressed and stamped envelope.  I am sure they will accommodate if you ask nicely.
"As an addendum to PeterK's answer, once upon a time, there were many Savings and Loan Associations (S&Ls) that acted as small banks, accepting savings deposits from people and lending money for home mortgages to local residents. Some of these S&Ls were chartered Federally with deposits insured by the FSLIC (similar to the FDIC which still insures deposits in banks) while others had State charters and used the State equivalent of FSLIC as the insurer. To induce people to save with S&Ls instead of banks, S&Ls paid higher rates of interest on their savings accounts than banks were permitted to do on bank savings accounts. Until 1980, S&Ls were not permitted to make consumer or commercial loans, have checking accounts, issue credit cards, etc., but once the US Congress in its wisdom permitted this practice, this part of the business boomed. (Note for @RonJohn: Prior to 1980, S&Ls offered NOW accounts on which ""checks"" (technically, Negotiated Orders of Withdrawal) could be written but they were not checks in the legal sense, and many S&Ls did not return these paid ""checks"" with the monthly statement as all banks did; writing a ""check"" while pressing hard created a carbon copy that could be used as proof of payment). In just a few years' time, many S&Ls crashed because they were not geared to handle the complexities of the new things that they were permitted to do, and so ran into trouble with bad loans as well as outright fraud by S&L management and boards of directors etc. After the disappearance of most S&Ls, many small banks (often with State charters only) sprang up, and that's why there are so many banks in the US. Mortgage lending is a lucrative business (if done right), and everyone wants to get into the business. Note that 4 branches of Bank of America in a Florida town is not a sign of many banks; the many different banks that the OP noticed in Maine is."
That's a good point. What I should say is that PF doesn't lose money on each gym user the way Moviepass does. My understanding is that Moviepass gets a flat subscription fee from each user per month and then, whenever a user wants to buy a movie ticket, Moviepass go out and purchase the movie ticket at full market value (the same price that the customer would pay if they just went to the theater and bought one). For example, if a user pays $10 a month for a pass and decide to see two movies in that month, they've already lost money on that customer. And two movies in one month isn't really crazy for some of the people who go enough that a monthly pass makes sense.  And all this is assuming that ticket prices are lower than the subscription fee; where I live, the ticket prices are actually a little bit higher. If Moviepass was here even *one* movie would make me an unprofitable customer for them (looking just at subscriptions, of course).  The data analytics play is the only viable strategy I can imagine for this. I understand that certain business models rely on overbooking, but I can't think of one where each customer that uses the service actually loses the business money.
"There are tonnes, and tonnes of things out there, but you have to be careful what you search for.  Be specific about what you want.  If you search for ""time sheet"" for example, you'll just get a bucket of stuff having to do with stylesheets, because there's more of that around. The most common type of small tool for tracking time is usually a timer-type thing that runs as a widget, gadget, or System Tray tool.  You have to click it on, then off again, and the nice ones produce a usable output file.  CSV, or XLS, or some such. There are tools that track what documents you have open, when you opened them, and when you closed them, and you can sort it out from there.  They're a bit resource-heavy, so be careful if you have a low power system. Quickbooks has a little utility that will make file which can be imported into your accounting.  Quickbooks is NOT for the average business person.  You almost have to be a bookkeeper to get the most out of it.  On the other hand, you can have a bookkeeper set it up for you, and at the end of the year your taxes are a one button affair. For Windows software I like to use the site snapfiles.com.  It's always been reliable, the rating systems are pretty accurate, they mostly maintain their own copies of the software, they test for viruses, and the let you specify a ""freeware only"" search ;-) For Mac software I like versiontracker.com.  If you're a massive freeware user, like me, sign up for an account, so you can receive alerts regarding updates, and such. Currently I do most of my computer-based organization on a Mac with piece of software by CircusPonies.com called NoteBook.  There's a command to insert the time, date, or both, and I just use that when I have a need to record elapsed time. I have even run across (and I forget the name) a piece of software for tracking time on Windows, which had multiple timers which you could set so either they were allowed to run concurrently (lawyers), or only one would run at a time. Anyway…  Personally I think freeware is fun, but be careful.  It's still the wild frickin west out there.  If you don't trust the site you're downloading from, scan it with your anti-virus software before you install it, create a Restore Point, do a full, offsite backup of all your hard drives, unplug your computer from the Internet, send your wife to her mother's, lock the kids in the basement, cross your fingers, and phone the local bishop for a dispensation (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dispensation_(Catholic_Church))."
First, you'll need to find a service that can handle transferring that amount of money, whether it's using a bank, or wire transferring service. Any major Wall Street bank (Wells Fargo, Chase, Bank of America, etc.) should be able to handle it. You could also use services such as Western Union. As for your legal and tax obligations, according to Western Union: Individuals in Canada and the U.K. don’t have any tax considerations,   unless international payments are received as income or in the form of   capital gains. Only then must they report it on their income taxes,   says Ilyas Patel, director at Ilyas Patel Chartered Certified   Accountants based in Preston, U.K., and the director of Tax Expert, a   tax advice website. To that end, when considering their tax obligations, individuals   should take care to look into the reporting requirements on foreign   income or gifts ranging up to a certain amount. For example, in the   U.S., the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) requires individuals who   receive more than $100,000 U.S. dollars from a foreign source to   report it on a Form 3520. “You may not owe taxes on the money, but it   informs the IRS that you received it,” Gragg says, stressing the   importance of consulting with a professional. “They’re looking for   certain terrorist activities and other illegal activity.” Due to the large sum of money your transferring, it would be in your best interest to speak with a banker (maybe even a lawyer or CPA) about this.
"This is actually quite a complicated issue. I suggest you talk to a properly licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State). Legal advice (from an attorney licensed in your State) is also highly recommended. There are many issues at hand here. Income - both types of entities are pass-through, so ""earnings"" are taxed the same. However, for S-Corp there's a ""reasonable compensation"" requirement, so while B and C don't do any ""work"" they may be required to draw salary as executives/directors (if they act as such). Equity - for S-Corp you cannot have different classes of shares, all are the same. So you cannot have 2 partners contribute money and third to contribute nothing (work is compensated, you'll be getting salary) and all three have the same stake in the company. You can have that with an LLC. Expansion - S-Corp is limited to X shareholders, all of which have to be Americans. Once you get a foreign partner, or more than 100 partners - you automatically become C-Corp whether you want it or not. Investors - it would be very hard for you to find external investors if you're a LLC. There are many more things to consider. Do not make this decision lightly. Fixing things is usually much more expensive than doing them right at the first place."
"Also miniscule government investment compared to what the Chinese government probably put in. Hypothetically if we cut our ""defense"" budget in half for just two years and appropriated that money and Veteran soldier workforce on a rail project the US could see some good progress."
"The major bureaus use the Fair Isaac scoring model, for the most part.  Here's an excerpt from a web site (Versions of the FICO scoring model) to explain: One of the first things a newcomer to this board learns is the difference between FICO and FAKO scores. FAKO refers to the non-FICO scores offered by various companies. FAKO scores have little value since few of them are used by lenders and they do not match closely to FICO scores.    But even when you stick with FICO scores, confusion can ensue because FICO scores have many different editions, versions, and variations. On a single day, a consumer could theoretically have dozens of different FICO scores, depending on which version and credit agency is used to produce the score.   This post provides a summary of the various FICO versions. Please offer any corrections or updates, and they will be edited in.   The FICO scoring model with its familiar range of 300 to 850 was first introduced in 1989. Since then, FICO has released five major revisions:   1995, 1998, 2004, 2008, and 2014.  Each ""edition"" uses a different formula and produces a different score.   When a new FICO edition is released, many lenders continue using an older version for years before ""upgrading."" The 1995 revision is no longer in common use, but later editions are still used by lenders.   Most FICO editions are commonly known by the year of introduction:  FICO 98, FICO 04, and FICO 08 (although FICO now calls it FICO Score 8, without the zero).   The most recent edition is FICO Score 9 introduced in 2014.   As of 2014, FICO Score 8 is the most commonly used. However, most mortgage lenders use FICO 04 for Equifax and Transunion, and FICO 98 for Experian.   In addition to the ""classic"" version, FICO offers ""Industry Option"" versions customized for auto loans, credit cards, installment loans, personal finance loans, and insurance. These have a score range of 250 to 900, so the scores are not fully comparable with ""classic"" versions. As of 2015, Auto and Bankcard scores are available from myFICO as described here.  Citibank provides the Equifax FICO 8 Bankcard score free each month to credit cards holders.   Each credit agency (Transunion, Equifax, and Experian) uses a customized version of each FICO edition. As a result, a consumer's FICO scores from each agency may differ even when all credit information is identical among the agencies.   Because there are many FICO versions, when a score is received, it's helpful to know which version it is. If a lender provides a credit score, ask for details such as which credit agency was used, which FICO edition was used, and whether the score is an Industry Option version. The lender may not always be willing or able to provide the answers, but it doesn't hurt to ask.  Transunion   Official name:   FICO Risk Score Classic 98    Common name:  TU-98   Available directly to consumers:   No    Real-world score range:  336 to 843     (as shown on page 16 of this Transunion document)   Equifax   Official name:   Equifax FICO Score 4  (also known as Equifax Beacon 96)   Common name:   EQ-98   This version appears to be seldom used, but a poster reported it used on a mortgage application in 2014.   Available directly to consumers:   No   Experian   Official name:   Experian FICO Score 2  (also known as Experian FICO Risk Model v2)   Common name:   EX-98   Available directly to consumers:   from myFICO when buying a product that includes all 19 available scores (as described here).  Some credit unions such as PSECU provide it free each month to members.   Real-world score range:   320 to 844     (as shown on this Experian document) Most mortgage lenders use FICO 04 for Equifax and Transunion, and FICO 98 for Experian.   All three scores will normally be pulled and the middle score (not the average) will be used by the lender. Transunion   Official name:   Transunion FICO Score 4  (also known as Transunion FICO Risk Score Classic 04)   Common name:  TU-04   Available directly to consumers:   from myFICO as described here.   Real-world score range:   309 to 839     (as shown on page 16 of this Transunion document)   Equifax   Official name:   Equifax FICO Score 5  (also known as Equifax Beacon 5.0)   Common name:   EQ-04   Available directly to consumers:   from myFICO as described here.  Also available from Equifax when buying FICO score (as a one-time purchase with the ""Score Power"" product available here, or as part of credit monitoring available here).  Some credit unions such as DCU provide it free each month to members.    Real-world score range:   334 to 818   Experian   Official name:   Experian FICO Score 3 (also known as Experian FICO Risk Model v3)   Common name:   EX-04   Available directly to consumers:   from myFICO when buying a product that includes all 19 available scores (as described here).   Real-world score range:   325 to 850     (as shown on this Experian document) Transunion   Official name:   Transunion FICO Score 8  (also known as Transunion FICO 8 Risk Score or FICO Risk Score Classic 08)   Common name:   TU-08   Available directly to consumers:   from myFICO as described here. Some credit card issuers such as Discover, Barclays, and Walmart provides it free each month.   Real-world score range:   341 to 850     (as shown on page 15 of this Transunion document)   Equifax   Official name:   Equifax FICO Score 8  (also known as Equifax Beacon 09)   Common name:   EQ-08   Available directly to consumers:   from myFICO as described here.    Real-world score range:   300  to 850   Experian   Official name:   Experian FICO Score 8  (also known as Experian FICO Risk Model v8)   Common name:   EX-08   Available directly to consumers:   from myFICO as described here.   Real-world score range:   316  to 850     (as shown on this Experian document) How FICO Score 8 differs from previous versions is explained here.    In May 2014, a poster named android01 received 850 scores from all three credit agencies, as described in this post.    In June 2014, a poster named fused received 850 scores from all three credit agencies, as described in this post.   This 2011 press release describes a study of FICO Score 8 scores.   From a sample of 250,000 credit reports, it found 0.02% had a score of 850, or about 1 out of every 5000 persons. In 2014, FICO announced a new version called FICO Score 9.  More info here. As of February 2016, the score is now available directly to consumers, as described here. This New York Times article  says FICO 9 includes two important changes:    unpaid debts that result in collection actions will no longer have a negative effect on a score if the debt has been paid.    unpaid medical debts will have less negative effect on scores. In 2001, FICO released a new scoring model called NextGen.   It is claimed to be an improvement over ""classic"" FICO models because it tracks more factors.  But it has failed to catch on with lenders because its score range of 150 to 950 is incompatible with the familiar 300 to 850 range, requiring lenders to recalculate cutoff scores and revise many rules and policies.  Only a small percentage of lenders reportedly use NextGen. Transunion   Official name:   Precision   Available directly to consumers:    No   Equifax   Official name:   Pinnacle   Available directly to consumers:   In 2014, Pentagon Federal Credit Union (PenFed) began to provide this score free to its credit card holders, as discussed in this post.   Experian   Official name:   FICO Advanced Risk Score   Available directly to consumers:    No I included all of this to make the point that there are many variations of the scoring models, and all of them are customized to one degree or another by each of the major bureaus as a means of giving their models more credibility, as far as they're concerned. To your question about coming up with a ""fair"" scoring model, can you propose what makes current scoring models unfair?  I think it's a safe assumption to make that the financial community has already had a substantial amount of input into how the current scoring models work.  To think otherwise implies that the credit bureaus are just kinda ""winging it"" with whatever they think is best.  Their models are designed to give their client creditors the best scoring model possible based on what those creditors have stated is important to them. There isn't a unified single scoring model out there, and the bureaus definitely won't share the details of their modifications.  You can always come up with your own custom model, but how it compares to what's widely used, that's anyone's guess. I hope this helps. Good luck!"
Probably not. Gift cards are generally rigged up as payment-processing tools only, and you can't move the balance to a deposit account. It probably wouldn't be a horribly objectionable thing to do for the gift-card companies in general (heck, you've already paid a fee, why not let you have the money back?) It's just that they haven't bothered to set themselves up this way, since nobody does it. You may be able to buy a money order of some sort with it (at a fee). Your best option is probably to use the gift card for everyday expenses, or perhaps run an errand for someone willing to pay you in cash (which you can then put in a deposit account).
This analysis misses the opportunities the Roth IRA presents to those with special access. It assumes that all money grows at the same rate, with investments at regular intervals. These assumptions hold for normal workers, but not for the privileged.  Suppose, for example, that in a single year you have limited access to a security that is an acorn you know will grow into a mighty oak; for this example, this security will grow 1000x over some short period of time. For simplicity, assume both the value of acorns you can buy and the the maximum IRA contribution in this year is $5K.  After the short acorn growth period, the after tax values are: There is a minor difference in the amount of money you need to buy the acorns (pre v. post tax), but this is negligible relative to the amount of cash you can assume you have on hand to have special access.  The Atlantic provides an acorn example from private equity (not used with a Roth) and this Washington Post article describes someone with non-publicly traded startup stocks and a Roth.
"What are reasonable administrative fees for an IRA? was recently discussed here. My answer was zero.  An IRA is not an investment, it's a container representing the tax status of an account. Once you decide what to actually invest it in, you'll likely incur additional fees. Mutual funds, for instance can range from .05% per year to 2.00% or more. In your case, you are telling us you are spending 2% per year even before you decide what to invest in.  The real question I'd like to see answered is ""what value can an advisor bring to one's retirement account to deserve a 2%/year fee?""  My final thought - most financial types had been suggesting that a retiree can target a 4% per year withdrawal after retiring. This rule of thumb has been debated since the lost decade of 2000-2009, and the safe number may be lower. If an advisor is taking 2% off the top, you are basically sharing half your income with him. A million dollar IRA, you get $20K, he gets $20K?"
The debt part: http://www.brillig.com/debt_clock/ (ie closing in on $18T)  The bond part:  MBS - http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/MBST  Tres - http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/TREAST  Note: Sorry I was off by a trillion dollars - FED holds $5T and growing fast. So easy to be off by a trillion these days. Please forgive me.  edit: format and grammar
Take another job.  From a personal finance perspective this is the wrong reason to dip into a retirement account.  You will lose so much ground towards actually retiring.  Sure you won't be taxed, but you will be missing so much opportunity where that money won't be working for your retirement. The off-topic answer to take to the start-ups stackexchange site is:  don't quit your day job until your business plan is written out and you have an idea of where to get your startup capital.
First - get a professional tax consultation with a NY-licensed CPA or EA. At what point do I need to worry about collecting sales taxes for the city and state of New York? Generally, from the beginning. See here for more information on NYS sales tax.  At what point do I need to worry about record-keeping to report the income on my own taxes? From the beginning. Even before that, since you need the records to calculate the costs of production and expenses. I suggest starting recording everything, as soon as possible. What sort of business structures should I research if I want to   formalize this as less of a hobby and more of a business? You don't have to have a business structure, you can do it as a sole proprietor. If you're doing it for-profit - I suggest treating it as a business, and reporting it on your taxes as a business (Schedule C), so that you could deduct the initial losses. But the tax authorities don't like business that keep losing money, so if you're not expecting any profit in the next 3-4 years - keep it reported as a hobby (Misc income). Talk to a licensed tax professional about the differences in tax treatment and reporting. You will still be taxed on your income, and will still be liable for sales tax, whether you treat it as a hobby or as a business. Official business (for-profit activity) will require additional licenses and fees, hobby (not-for-profit activity) might not. Check with the local authorities (city/county/State).
"It depends on your situation. If your floor is broken, fix it. If you don't have $1,000 on hand, spend appropriately. It seems silly to be doing ROI calculations on the potential impact on resale value.  It's sillier to blow money frivolously, whether you do so with cash or credit. I'm assuming that if you have a broken linoleum floor that the kitchen isn't new, so it doesn't make sense to install your ""dream tile"" into the kitchen. Skip the imported travertine or wood and buy some nice linoleum and hire a handyman to put it in or install it yourself. You can probably do this for $500-700. If you have longer term plans for the kitchen, get them on paper and figure out what exactly you want to do and when you'll be able to do it."
America is becoming poorer as a result of Fed monetary policy. Inflation is barreling on (a hidden tax) and wages can't possibly keep up. Manufacturing has been getting outsourced for 50+ years and we absolutely rely on cheap imports. If we ever want to be wealthy again, we have to roll back regulations, start manufacturing at home, lower taxes and reign in the Federal Reserve, increase interest rates and tighten monetary policy.
Realization is when you actually have something in hand, it isn't just theoretical anymore.  For instance, you may win the lottery, but until they hand you a check, you haven't realized the windfall.  Another example is that you may be paid a particular hourly wage, but until you cash the paycheck, you haven't realized the pay.
I am going to read the article now; but first I wanted to say that the Cisco platform is very old and that it is not impossible for another company to make switches that hedge new technology. It seems only natural that Huawei would be able to give them a good run.
"First check: Do you have all the insurances you need? The two insurances everyone should have are: Another insurance you might want to get is a contents insurance (""Hausratsversicherung""). But if you don't own any super-expensive furniture or artworks, you might also opt to self-insure and cover it with: Priority 2: Emergency fund. Due to the excellent healthcare and welfare system in Germany, this is not as important as in many other countries. But knowing that you have a few thousand € laying around in liquid assets in case something expensive breaks down can really help you sleep at night. If you decide not to pay for contents insurance, calculate what it would cost you if there is a fire in your apartment and you would have to replace everything. That's how large your emergency fund needs to be. You also need a larger emergency fund if you are a homeowner, because as a homeowner there might always be an emergency repair you have to pay for. Priority 3: Retirement. Unless there will be some serious retirement reforms in the next 40 years (and I would not bet on that!), the government-provided pension will not be enough to cover your lifestyle cost. If you don't want to suffer from poverty as a senior citizen you will have to build up a retirement plan now. Check which options your company provides (""Betriebliche Altersvorsorge"") and what retirement options you have which give you free money from the government (""Riester-Rente""). Getting professional advise to compare all the options with each other can be really beneficial. Priority 4: Save for a home. In the long-run, owning a home is much cheaper than renting one. Paying of a mortgage is just like paying rent - but with the difference that the money you pay every month isn't spent. Most of it (minus interest and building maintenance costs) stays your capital! At one point you will have paid it off and then you never have to pay rent in your life. It even secures the financial future of your children and grandchildren, who will inherit your home. But few banks will give you a good interest rate if you have no own capital at all. So you should start saving money now. Invest a few hundred € every month in a long-term portfolio. You might also get some additional free money for this purpose from your employer (""Vermögenswirksame Leistungen"")."
"&gt;... _why the fuck are the executives getting paid instead of existing obligations being at least partially funded_?  Well, first of all, how do you define ""executive,"" and how do you differentiate between executives who had a hand in ruining the company, and those that didn't?   Are you going to withhold the salary of the executive responsible for boring securities compliance, just because you're mad at the strategic business planning?  Second, ""executives"" tend to be flexible, mobile, and have ""fuck you"" money. Turn off their salaries, and they'll just leave.   I know Reddit has this fantasy where executives don't do anything but golf and drink all day, but you can't run a company with an empty C-Suite.   Top management walking out the door would grind everything to a halt - *including* the pension plans and severance you're worried about."
They *are* expensive. There is, though, a symbiotic relationship between PR firms, news-wires and lazy (understaffed, underfunded) reportage, where they can place stories about you. This can be hard to replicate without the appropriate connections/relationships.  For me, it's always been expensive. Results are hit-and-miss depending on lots of things.  It's one tool out of many. Choose wisely. (Which doesn't == never)
If you are interested, simply collect their contact information and donate by mail or in the office. You can't vet a door to door or phone call charity; not quickly enough anyway.  A real charity would be happy for your donation anytime, not just when a volunteer happens to catch you at home on the weekend. It is simply to ripe for scams in my opinion. The big exception is when a kid comes to my door with a food item.  I try to buy one just to make the kid feel successful.  Even if they never turn in the money at least I got a $2 chocolate bar.
Me triggered? Not at all. I am very happy with my vote, my president, the economy, and the prospects under Trump.  You are triggered!  But, Ok, let's wait and see.  So far, I and the stock market are showing great confidence in the future under Trump.
As an older millennial i did not grow up with smartphones. I got my first flip phone in college!!! The boomers obsession with categorizing me is infuriating. But i guess thats just what a millennial would say.  Also this article is two years old.
"but you're not revolutionizing ""the industry"" once the law catches up.  all you do is replace locally owned dispatching companies with a national corporation, and strain the already tight income of drivers so people can justify the rent they pay for their parking spot."
"Um... Read what I said more closely. I said it wasn't perfect for the long run. But obstructing and causing it to fail is very different from ""fixing"" it. Does he want to fix it? Based on his actions, it doesn't seem like it. Literally the only thing keeping me alive right now is the fact that insurance companies can't exclude you or charge higher due to pre existing conditions. The ONLY way that works is if everyone has insurance. High risk pools are not an option. These supposed republican traitors understand that literally killing off God knows how many Americans just do Trump can say he ""won"" is ridiculous. I'm not a huge fan of the ACA either. I want socialized medicine for all. Why burden businesses to pay for insurance? You want business growth and to foster entrepreneurial growth? Reduce the risk of literally dying from cancer by offering socialized medicine. I am very lucky to be in a situation where I can work for a startup and not have to worry about my Healthcare (for now). Now to answer your questions... Is he for a national health care system? I don't know. It's impossible to know exactly what trump wants. He is purposely elusive and only comes out to bash things when it makes him look good. You never know exactly where he stands so he can always spin the table and said ""OH I never said that"". If he had legislation he wanted to push forward, why doesn't he work with congress to define it and push t forward? No matter how fucked up congress is there's nothing stopping trump from creating and proposing legislation for discussion. But he hadn't done that. Why? We can speculate all day, but I think at thr core if it he has a psychic imbalance. I think mental illness is the wrong connotation. But his spirit is sick and until he is healed, he will continue to damage the people of America. And the fact that he has such a massive following indicates that there is a spiritual and emotional illness spreading like wildfire through this country. I fear that we will never be a court filled with compassion, civility, and reason. That might not be what the majority wants, and that's fine too. I'm thankful to be very high income and in tech, so I can GTFO when the time is right. Anyway I don't think this post will have changed your mind but maybe it will get some others out there to who are on the fence to reconsider their world view."
If your debt will all be less than 25% gross (yes, I see you said take home) you are in great shape. I'd get the car and not worry.  The well written mortgage is 20% down, with a housing payment (which of course includes prop tax and insurance, as noted by mhoran, below) under 28% and total debt under 36%. You are well within the limits, not even close. That's great.
&gt; 1)What is the formula to turn the annualized rate into a monthly rate?  What do you *think* it is?   &gt; 2)What is the formula to find out the NPV of monthly cash flows?  Same one as usual. Remember, value can only be summed if it's *at the same point in time.*   &gt; For example, if I get $1000, $2000, and $3000 in months 1, 2, and 3, how do I calculate how much each of those are equal to as a present value if the annual discount rate is 8%?  Think it through.
&gt;the cost of not doing cyber security is nothing or at worst, a slap on the wrist.  First off, that's not true.  Companies have lost billions in sales after breaches.  You might mean the legal penalty isn't huge, and that's somewhat true, but the market penalty is massive.  HOWEVER, even if I was to grant you that, your answer is non-responsive to putting them out of business.  Putting them out of business doesn't do any more than hurting their business badly.
From the IRS Section 1091. Loss from Wash Sales of Stock or Securities  Section 1091(a) provides that in the case of any loss claimed to have been sustained from any sale or other disposition of shares of stock or securities where it appears that, within a period beginning 30 days before the date of such sale or disposition and ending 30 days after such date, the taxpayer has acquired (by purchase or by an exchange on which the entire amount of gain or loss was recognized by law),or has entered into a contract or option so to acquire, substantially identical stock or 3 securities, then no deduction shall be allowed under § 165 The document is not long, 4 pages, and should be read to see the intent. It's tough to choose the one snippet, but the conclusion is this is the definitive response to that question.  A purchase within an IRA or other retirement account can create a wash sale if such a purchase would be a wash sale otherwise, i.e. the fact that it's a retirement account doesn't avoid wash rules.
Lasers are now an essential tool in industry for cutting, marking, engraving and welding a vast range of materials. Metals are the most commonly worked substrate but organic materials (plastics, paper, wood) are catching up fast. All our machines are engineered with a 24V control circuit and meet CE standards and the Low Voltage Directive. All plugs and sockets are UK Standard.  We give a 1 year warranty on all parts. Our price includes everything you need to get started. Including the software, operation and maintenance training is provided at our workshops.
Yes, in 2 ways: As you mention, the price of a home generally grows with inflation - along with other factors (supply and demand in local markets, etc.). Through financing. If you finance 80% of your purchase today, in 2014 dollars, you will pay back in future dollars. Those future dollars are worth less, because of inflation.
You should consider dollar cost averaging your investments. Retirement account is perfect for that - it's long term with periodic deposits. Overall, by investing in stocks now for a long term, you'll benefit more because the stocks are at their low(er) point.
"Yeah, they shook me down too. 4 to 5 star ratings everywhere else. 0 on yelp. They deleted every good review and posted one old review from a lady that was fake (looked it up, she never purchased from us). Then called and offered to ""help"" get us a better rating. I told them to fuck off."
"If they ask you ""are you currently employed?"" followed by ""if not,  are you actively seeking a job? "" and you answer ""no"" for both in the monthly household survey, then you will not be counted as part of the labor force."
Here is what I was able to find: Yes, but there are special instructions for minors: Working hours: New York State labor laws are slightly more strict than the federal: https://www.labor.state.ny.us/workerprotection/laborstandards/workprot/nyvsfed.shtm Minimum wage: The Dept of Labor's Youth & Labor page states: Occupations such as babysitting are not subject to the minimum wage law. No supporting documentation is given. Another page describes the Youth Minimum Wage Program: A minimum wage of not less than $4.25 may be paid to employees under the age of 20 for their first 90 consecutive calendar days  However, I can't find any such exception in New York State minimum wage law. According to Publication 926, Household Employer's Tax Guide: Federal income tax withholding No, I am not required to withhold federal income taxes from a household employee.  If we both want them to be withheld, a W-4 should be submitted to me. State income tax withholding No, according to NYS Pub 27: Withholding income tax (federal or New York State) from wages paid to household employees is voluntary on your part and your employee Social security and medicare No, I am not required to withhold FICA taxes because when calculated wages, I should not include: An employee who is under the age of 18 at any time during the year.   Exception: Count these wages if providing household services is the   employee's principal occupation. If the employee is a student,   providing household services is not considered to be his or her   principal occupation. Unemployment insurance No, I don't think I have to pay federal unemployment tax.  I think the exception for FICA applies to FUTA.  For New York (according to Household Employers Guide for Unemployment Insurance), there is an exception for paying state unemployment insurance: Daytime students who attend elementary or high school (However, you must pay UI taxes on wages you pay these students if you are liable under FUTA.) I can't find any specific requirements, but aside from numbers of hours times rate of pay, you might want to consider the information required by the Wage Theft Prevention Act: Also, consider this requirements from the NY Minimum Wage Act Every employer shall keep true and accurate records of hours worked by   each employee covered by an hourly minimum wage rate, the wages paid   to all employees, and such other information as the commissioner deems   material and necessary, and shall, on demand, furnish to the   commissioner or his duly authorized representative a sworn statement   of the same.
The store wants their money back.   It's understandable that they are hesitant to accept another check from you. So if you don't have the cash to pay them back, take your good check somewhere else to cash it, and use that money to pay back the store that you gave the bad check to.
I understand your point now. When I first read your comment, I gathered that you were making a prediction of a 50% drop (thus my comment about the fool's errand of making predictions).  I now see that you were commenting on the high price volatility of gold and silver.
I've had a hard time finding out details on remortgaging Help to Buy loans myself, but found one article (http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/mortgageshome/article-3038831/Help-Buy-borrowers-risk-missing-best-remortgage-deals.html) which points out it IS possible.  But also that there aren't many lenders offering such deals out there.  The article lists a number of lenders that do offer these programs, and the extra requirements on equity you might have to have. It sounds like it's going to be critical to know how much equity you've built up.   Since part of the valuation increase will be credited to Help to Buy, you won't get all the £30k increase you've mentioned.  Instead, I believe you'll only get 80%, so £24k.   Which would mean your total equity is £24k + £7k = £31k, plus whatever you might have already paid off.  I'm going to assume there isn't much you've paid off, so will assume just over 18%. (31/170) While this is higher than most of the equity limits mentioned in the above article, keep in mind you'd only get cash out corresponding to the difference between your current equity amount and the equity required for the loan.  For example, if you went with a loan requiring 15% equity to qualify, you'd only have 3% over that, and thus get £5.1k out.   And that's before any fees you might have to pay!  (You might have new origination fees, but you also might have early repayment fees.) Maybe you could pursue a lower money down refi and get to keep more, but the same article points out that Help to Buy might consider that too risky for you, and refuse to allow the refi. I think it's worth shopping around to get actual numbers for your exact situation, but personally it doesn't sound like you have enough equity yet to get much cash out of a refi.  Perhaps you'll get lucky though.  Best of luck!
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-41095004) reduced by 91%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Sweden is the most cashless society on the planet, with barely 1% of the value of all payments made using coins or notes last year.  &gt; &amp;quot;Some retailers thought it&amp;#039;s easier not to accept these new forms of cash because there&amp;#039;s learning to be done, maybe investment in cash registration machines and so-on.""  &gt; Barely 1% of the value of all payments were made using coins or notes last year, compared to around 7% across the EU and in the US. Prof Arvidsson predicts that the use of cash will most likely be reduced to &amp;quot;a very marginal payment form&amp;quot; by 2020.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6zlwmi/why_sweden_is_close_to_becoming_a_cashless_economy/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~208372 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **cash**^#1 **payment**^#2 **card**^#3 **Sweden**^#4 **Swedish**^#5"
Yes I know I never claimed they did haha. I'm not saying to cut a $15 billion share buyback and make it a $15 billion dividend payout. Depends on the company of course but I'd prefer a more balanced approach with sitting cash rather than using a large majority on buybacks, which seems to be a trend these days. I think it bodes poorly for the future and that's all I'm saying.
Brit here, don't confuse me with an Australian again, I had enough of that when I went to Disneyworld.  Anyhow, I'm an avid and long-term redditor who knows the ins and outs of reddit. I haven't had much experience moderating but I'd give it a grand old go. 2300EST - 0700EST is roughly lunch to early morning here in the UK, or as I call it, my primary redditing period. So I'm pretty much always online. I'd love you help you guys out and maybe help the subreddit grow.
Well I am kind of looking for a way to make it little bit more official if I can ... :D I have no toruble for paying taxes to US and anything ...   Just don't want to spend 4000$ on 2 year VISA for a model that will stay in NYC for 3 weeks ...  Doesn't make sense ...
How is it possible that long term treasury bonds, which the government has never defaulted on, can hold more risk as an ETF then the stock market index? The risk from long-term bonds isn't that the government defaults, but that interest rates go up before you get paid, so investors want bonds issued more recently at higher interest rates, rather than your older bonds that pay at a lower rate (so the price for your bonds goes down). This is usually caused by higher inflation rates which reduce the value of the interest that you will be paid. Do you assume more risk investing in bond ETFs than you would investing in individual bonds? If you are choosing the right ETFs, there should be a lower amount of risk because the ETFs are taking care of the difficult work of buying a variety of bonds.  Are bond ETFs an appropriate investment vehicle for risk diversification? Yes, if you are investing in bonds, exchange traded funds are an appropriate way to buy them. The markets for ETFs are usually very liquid.
Yes, you can indeed become rich by investing even small amounts over time. Let's say that you begin with nothing invested, and you start investing $100 per week. Suppose you choose to put your money in an S&P 500 index mutual fund. The CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) of the S&P 500 over the last 35 years has been about 11%. (That 35 years includes at least two fairly serious crashes.) You may get more or less than that number in the future, but let's guess that you'll average 9%. 35 years from now, you would be a millionaire ($1.2 Million, actually). This math works out for anyone, no matter who your parents are, where you are from, where you went to school, etc. Yes, you have a better chance of becoming wealthy the more you invest, the longer you have to stay invested, and the better choices you make in your investments.  By starting early, you will maximize your time invested, which allows you the flexibility to be more conservative in your investments and to invest smaller amounts.  But for those with a shorter time to invest, it is still doable for most people.  Get your financial life under control by eliminating your debt, setting a household budget, and investing for the future.
"Your question is listed as ""How to invest 100k"", not how would I find someone without a hidden agenda - so I'll answer that: It depends. I believe the best choices available are essentially as follows: If you are looking to pay for your childrens' college, it might be nice just to put the money in a Roth IRA and have that done right off the bat. If you disciplined enough to keep the money invested in some type of stock indexed fund, that might be good - the stock market has often outperformed almost every other form of investment over the very long haul. But if you could see yourself tapping it for things, then you might not want this. Another option is to put the money against your house. If that doesn't pay it off, refinance the remaining portion into a lower rate for less years. Obviously this knocks down a huge portion of the interest (duh) and gives you a nice cash flow you can use for investing. Also, the money you've put into a primary residence is pretty safe. I believe in some cases, safe even from bankruptcy. But as you've noted, being underwater on the home you are essentially throwing that money away in some way or fashion. And really, all in all, houses are terrible investments. You never really get your money out of your primary home, unless you downsize. The money is essentially ""saved"" without an equity line. This is a good choice if you're not disciplined. Your choice depends on: Of course, you can do any combination of these things and as Dave Ramsey is apt to remind his listeners and callers: you ought to have your emergency fund set before you do any of these things."
The estimated approach puts more burden on you to get it right.  Depending on when in the year you make the sale, it may or may not have advantages to you in addition.  Other than the responsibility of ensuring that you make the payment on time, the pros and cons seem to be: Either strategy is legitimate.  It depends on when in the year you have the sale, how sure you are of the sale, and just your personal preference on how to get this done.  Your total tax due for the year will not be different (as long as you pay in such as way that you don't incur late penalties in any quarter).
&gt; We're talking about low paying jobs.. and if there's more applicants than jobs than why are staffing companies HUGE right now?  Yeah I'm talking about low paying also. Staffing companies are huge because you can try before you buy. Understand? Your argument just fell apart. Just because there is correlation, it doesn't mean they are related. ***We have tons of illegals and even more unemployed people***   &gt; . Because can't fill the jobs like they want. There's absolutely a ton of demand for low paying workers all around.  Lets see some proof because there is no shortage in most of the country unless you're talking about the ones on farms possibly. We have an extremely high unemployment rate.  &gt;  Places can't keep or find people even to stay for a month.   Maybe thats because they are drug addicted losers or shitty workers. Ever thought of that? That doesn't mean there is a shortage of employees, there is a shortage of good ones  &gt; Anyone that's ever applied knows these places also end up having tons of overtime because they don't have enough help  Wrong, zero evidence and its clearly wrong. No one wants to give these people benefits so they often don't even hire them as full time in any medium-large size company   &gt; Your idea is to take all three of illegals , felons and potheads out of jobs yet somehow still filll these jobs that staffing companies have been trying to fill.  In LA, we have no shortage and it applies to tons of places. Throw the illegals out, they don't belong here.  Felons, someone can hire them, I won't.  Potheads, someone will hire them too, but I won't hire someone that comes to work high, lacks motivation, and is not happy. I want employees that want to work and want to grow. With those type of employees, not only do businesses grow and become more successful, but those employees can get promoted and do better in life. I want my employees to do well in life because to me, the good ones are family.
It is in circles. Today Money is fiat money. From economic stand point a moderate inflation is good. It there is near zero inflation or deflation, then economy would come to standstill and would stagnate. Hence everything has to becomes expensive. This keeps the economy in motion. House or Gold does increase in value otherwise one would not have purchased them. If you are saying on buying a house, you keep it with someone and after a period of time you get one extra room or keep an ounce of gold and after some years it becomes 2 ounce, well it does increase but differently. There reason there aren't many such schemes is because quantifying it is difficult. It would normally fetch more money than one had bought it for.
One group of people I've learned through talking to colleagues is working moms are desperate for minor day-to-day conveniences. In my own circle of people I know, women outnumber men vastly as far as being heavy users of Alexa and Amazon Fresh. This is obviously anecdotal but just thought it worth mentioning.   edit: I'm a male.  edit 2: I also think a lot of techies want to see technology evolve for technology's sake. My silicon valley friends are largely like this.
In one of your comments you say: Even if the pharmacy is not in the insurance provider network? This is why you got the check instead of your insurance company. I have Blue Cross/Blue Shield, and recently my wife underwent a procedure in the hospital, where one of the physicians involved was not in my providers network. I got a letter from the physicians office stating that since they are out of network, the standard practice was for BCBS to issue the check to me, rather than to the provider. I received the check and made the payment. The main contention is the difference in price, and that is what you need to discuss with both the pharmacy (actual billing) and your insurance company (paid benefits).
This might vary from other answers but I generally prefer to use debt before touching an emergency fund.  But one of the reasons I have an emergency fund is to that I can make sure I can cover any debt payments.  Essentially, this give you leverage.  You might start off with a small emergency such as needing a new refrigerator.  If you pull the cash out of the fund to pay this off immediately, you've depleted your account and if something major comes along, you might be short.  By using debt, you can often cover the costs with cash-flow and leave your risk buffer in place. Often, retailers will offer really sweet financing deals.  0% for 12 months or whatever.  Often, though, if you don't pay it off in time, they can be costly.  I'm not sure if this is legal (in the US) anymore but if it wasn't fully paid off in time, you'd be retroactively charged interest on the whole amount.  But if you have an emergency fund, you pretty much guarantee that won't happen.  The only time it will is if something else happens that requires the emergency fund to be cashed in.  But if things are that dire, the debt is unsecured.  You're credit may suffer but they can't come after your assets. It's not an either-or situation.  You give yourself options by having the cash available.  It allows you to take advantage of opportunities that might be too risky otherwise.  Ultimately what you want to be able to weather the storm in a situation where you have, say, a mortgage on a house that is underwater, the stock market is down, and you have no income.  In that situation, you don't want to liquidate your stock when it's down and you (probably) don't want to lose your home equity in a foreclosure.
Dividends are not paid immediately upon reception from the companies owned by an ETF. In the case of SPY, they have been paid inconsistently but now presumably quarterly.
I would say no, they don't. Not for everyone at least. I think you'll find many of the most successful business people got to where they are through determination, hard work and learning from their mistakes. I love that last quote too “You don’t have to be great to start but you have to start to be great.”
"Probably the biggest driver of the increased volumes that day was a change in sentiment towards the healthcare sector as a whole that caused many healthcare companies to experience higher volumes ( https://www.bloomberg.com/press-releases/2017-07-11/asset-acquisitions-accelerate-in-healthcare-sector-boosting-potential-revenue-growth ). Following any spike, not just sentiment related spikes, the market tends to bounce back to about where it had been previously as analysts at the investment banks start to see the stock(s) as being overbought or oversold. This is because the effect of a spike on underlying ratios such as the Sharpe ratio or the PE ratio makes the stock look less attractive to buyers and more attractive to sellers, including short sellers. Note, however, that the price is broadly still a little higher than it was before the spike as a result of this change in sentiment. Looking at the price trends on Bloomberg (https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/CDNA:US) the price had been steadily falling for the year prior to the spike but was levelling out at just over $1 in the few months immediately prior to the spike. The increased interest in the sector and the stock likely added to a general change in the direction of the price trend and caused traders (as opposed to investors) to believe that there was a change in the price trend. This will have lead to them trading the stock more heavily intraday exacerbating the spike. Note that there traders will include HFT bots as well as human traders. You question the legality of this volume increase but the simple answer is that we may never know if it was the target of traders manipulating the price or a case of insider trading. What we can see is that (taking ""animal spirits"" into account) without any evidence of illegality there are plenty of potential reasons why the spike may have occurred. Spikes are common where traders perceive a change in a trend as they rush to cash in on the change before other traders can and then sell out quickly when they realise that the price is fundamentally out of sync with the firm's underlying position. You yourself say that you have been watching the stock for some time and, by that fact alone, it is likely that others are for the same reasons that you are. Otherwise you wouldn't be looking at it. Where people are looking at a stock expecting it to take off or drop you expect volatility and volatility means spikes!"
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/Anarchism using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anarchism/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!**  \#1: [[NSFW] A friend of my friend at Standing Rock was hit in the left arm by a concussion grenade, causing severe injury which requires surgery.](http://imgur.com/mtmJA7Z) | [738 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anarchism/comments/5e6141/a_friend_of_my_friend_at_standing_rock_was_hit_in/)   \#2: [Fuck you, 2016....](http://i.imgur.com/qvop4W1.jpg) | [182 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anarchism/comments/5kf12p/fuck_you_2016/)   \#3: [Reminder that our criminal justice system is broken.](https://i.redd.it/feewrxdtshqy.jpg) | [241 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anarchism/comments/64c87s/reminder_that_our_criminal_justice_system_is/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)
"&gt; The lawsuit was brought by a man named Chris Gillespie who had registered 763 domain names that included the word ""google."" In response, Google claimed trademark infringement, and Gillespie was ultimately ordered to forfeit the domains. Gillespie then sued in a bid to invalidate the trademark   some domain squatting asshole decided to go after google and lost.   Good[.](#a ""Break his legs too"")"
Yes.  It is.  It, like all business, takes a bit of luck, but honesty can be an asset.  I knew a used car salesman who was absolutely honest and had a great eye for product.  He bought cars at auctions out of state, and many of them were sold or reserved before they even arrived  at his lot.
most of these lay offs are probably from the entry level and some management. They are probably recent grads who work their asses off to get a chance to work for Morgan Stanley. They are not even close to the 1% just hard working bankers that got unlucky.
"Do I understand correctly, that we still can file as ""Married filing   jointly"", just add Schedule C and Schedule SE for her? Yes. Business registration information letter she got once registered   mentions that her due date for filing tax return is January 31, 2016.   Does this prevent us from filing jointly (as far as I understand, I   can't file my income before that date)? IRS sends no such letters. IRS also doesn't require any registration. Be careful, you might be a victim to a phishing attack here. In any case, sole proprietor files a regular individual tax return with the regular April 15th deadline. Do I understand correctly that we do not qualify as ""Family   partnership"" (I do not participate in her business in any way other   than giving her money for initial tools/materials purchase)? Yes. Do I understand correctly that she did not have to do regular   estimated tax payments as business was not expected to generate income   this year? You're asking or saying? How would we know what she expected? In any case, you can use your withholding (adjust the W4) to compensate."
My in-laws don't cook and thought this shit was revolutionary or something so they keep giving us subscriptions as presents.  It's expensive, basically you get raw ingredients and simple instructions for preparing nice meals that take an hour of your life (they estimate less it's always longer in reality), 100 steps to make and have no leftovers.  You still have to chop the stuff up and their recipe's usually take 5+ pans and pots minimum to prepare, so you end up with a lot of dirty dishes and no leftovers for all your trouble since the portions are small.  Basically you're better off going to the store and learning how to cook from any of the bazillion recipes online, which I assume most customers end up doing. We grew to dread getting a box when it'd show up. Can't say the meals weren't good just not saving you anything over doing it yourself.
A) Wrong subreddit. There's probably a legal advice Canada one you should check out.   B) You're a cashier. No one cares about your involvement in taxing products/customers. Unless you're directly pocketing money the most you could be is out of a job.   C) If you're part of a chain store there is a REALLY good chance they have their inventory/sales numbers looked at regularly by extremely qualified people.   Conclusion: Customer was being a dick for no reason.
I looked them up after class and it's a company with many different branches and it doesn't really specify what his title is (besides VP) or what kind of work he does. I'm thinking I'll just have to wait till the interview to know exactly what his job entails. But thank you!
We are always ready to help, whether you are a startup up company or existing. Accountingdirect have 20 years of experience of property experience and evaluating town Property Development Advise issues. Along with these things, we find right joint venture partners to help you finance your projects. Many people's within the Melbourne aspire to start their personal belongings Property Development Advice, and it's no actual surprise. After all, aside from supplying an opportunity to make a notable deal of cash, working in assets development may be an interesting outlet for creativity and would not require any professional qualifications.
Showz Store is the biggest online retailer of all kinds toys. We have a comprehensive categorized TransFormMission toy section perfect for tracking down a specific item. Once you've determined to shop for toys online, it'll be essential so one can pick them out based on the reviews that other mother and father have had with the same kind of product. This can be carried out via analyzing some of the product evaluations about that particular toy.
Payment of taxes for your personal return filed with the IRS always come from your personal account, regardless of how the money was earned. Sales tax would be paid from your business account, so would corporate taxes, if those apply; but if you're talking about your tax payments to the IRS for your personal income that should be paid from your personal account. Also, stating the obvious, if you're paying an accountant to handle things you can always ask them for clarification as well. They will have more precise answers. EDIT Adding on for your last part of the question I missed:  In virtually all cases LLC's are what's called a pass through entity.  For these entities, all income in the eyes of the federal government passes directly through the entity to the owners at the end of each year.  They are then taxed personally on this net income at their individual tax rate, that's the very abridged version at least. The LLC pays no taxes directly to the federal government related to your income. Here's a resource if you'd like to learn more about LLC's: http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/llc-basics-30163.html
Im not goingg to reply any more you dont have rebuttals you have additude. The second you learn to respect people you debate I'll comment back untill then i'm tired of you being unable to provide arguments you just blow what the opponent says out if proportion and add /s.
Nokia is a bit of an anomaly really. They aren't sinking because of the weak economy, although I dare say it plays a part in things. They are struggling because nobody wants to buy a Nokia phone anymore, whereas five years ago half the world's population wanted one.
"AWS is pretty much completely separate from Amazon's retail business.  Building for AWS and the cloud isn't a bad thing, even if you're running local servers.  Plus, a properly built system can run on Microsoft's cloud or any of the other offerings, not just AWS.  My bet is most of those vendors want to sell the competitors their own hardware instead.  It's really easy for them to lock someone in with some new special software developed for a low low price.  After all, ""first hit's free."""
"There are countries out there that are known as tax havens, where they offer companies low or no taxes on earned revenue. I haven't looked into this in over a decade, but recall that countries like the Cayman Islands, Switzerland, Ireland, and Nauru, to name a few fit that tag. But like bstpierre stated, there's a reason why the IBM's of the world can pull that off easier then us mere mortals. They have the financial clout to make sure they have accountants that dot every i, cross every t, and close every loophole that would give an ""in"" to the folks at the IRS, CRA, Inland Revenue, or who have you."
It has got to do with the irrationality of humans.  The so called long term investor is in it for the long term, they are not worried about market fluctuations nor timing the market. But yet they will aim to try to get a bargain when they buy in.  It is contradictory in a way. Think about it; if I buy a stock and it drops by 30% I am not worried because I am in it for the long term, but I am worried about getting 1% off when I buy it.  They usually tend to buy when the stock starts falling. However, what they don’t realise is when a stock starts falling there is no telling when it will stop. So even if they get a bargain for that day, it is usually quickly wiped out a few days later. Instead, of waiting for the price to find support and start recovering, they are eager to buy what they think is a bargain. I think this type of long term investing is very risky, and the main reason is because the investor has no plan. They just try to buy so called bargain stocks and hold them until they need the money (usually in retirement). But what happens if the stock price is lower when they want to retire than when they bought it? I hope no long term investor was trying to retire in 2008. If they simply had a plan to indicate when they would buy and under what conditions they would sell, and have a risk management plan in place, then maybe they could reduce their risk somewhat and conserve their capital. A good article to read on this is What's Wrong With Long-Term Investing.
Look. Here's a graph of the S&P 500. It's up 1200% since the start of the 70's, our late recession notwithstanding. You're not going to get that kind of return on bonds or commodities or savings accounts. (Maybe real estate stands a chance, if your real estate wasn't in, say, Detroit. It's not as easy to diversify real estate...) People in their 20's who have plenty of time before they need to spend their retirement money invest in the stock market exactly because they're long-term and can withstand these dips just by waiting them out, and earn a ton of money. People approaching their 60's transition their portfolio to bonds so that a market crash won't wipe them out.
"To answer your first part, its not an opposition to profit. It's an opposition to usury - the practice of charging excessive interest on loans. There are extensive passages in the Qur'an condemning the practice, and in many cases ""excessive interest"" is any interest. To the second part of the question, these may well be more risky investments. But if you're trying to build a strong and thriving community financial spirit, one might expect there to be significant social pressures to use the loaned money responsibly. Additionally, while it removes some of the penalty for failure, it doesn't remove the rewards for success. The incentive is still there to succeed. It's merely the penalty for failure is no longer financial ruination. It may also temper the incentive for banks to give money to riskier borrowers, but rather to prudently invest in ventures with an acceptable amount of risk. The question as to whether or not this is a ""house of cards"" likely depends on the questioner. Whether or not this is also true for the western banking system likely remains to be seen, but it hasn't exactly been doing a sterling job of convincing me it isn't true for the past decade."
"&gt; Wall St ripped off retail investors pretty good  ""Ripped off"" ?  How about ""retail investors did not sufficiently research and think about the company, invested poorly""  Seriously, a 20 minute thought experiment pre-IPO of ""is Facebook worth $100bn, and does it have growth prospects?"" ought to immediately discount the stock. The smart money was always on ""short it as soon as you can""  If you're making investment decisions like ""Hey, I know what that company is. I use facebook!"" you deserve to lose money."
Halal2020 وبناء بلدكم المنتج أو الخدمة موقف العلامة التجارية هو وسيلة جيدة لأية شركة أو مؤسسة، هو أفضل وسيلة لخلق القيمة في معلومات جديدة عن الحيوانات. أنت الكثير من متجر اللحوم هنا، ولكن Halal2020 مزود خدمة فريدة من نوعها. لدينا قائمة كبيرة من الأطعمة. نحن المتخصصة في درجة مفرطة مرضية أنيميتسيت واحدة من أكثر و تروستابل مكان في الإمارات لبيع الحيوانات. و موقع بيع خيول  على الانترنت هو عناية كبيرة من أمريكا باعتبارها تاجر في إذا كنت تبحث عن الخيول الإماراتية الممتازة في دبي التي تبيع باستمرار الحيوانات المدربة جيدا بأقل سعر.
"At any moment, the price is where the supply (seller) and demand (buyer) intersect. This occurs fast enough you don't see it as anything other than bid/ask. What moves it? News of a new drug, device, sandwich, etc. Earning release, whether above or below expectations, or even dead-on, will often impact the price.  Every night, the talking heads try to explain the day's price moves. When they can't, they often report ""profit taking"" for a market drop, or other similar nonsense. Some moves are simple random change."
Was about to say - Ihop closing only 25 locations isn't a big deal. I have TWO in my town less than 2.5 miles from each other. Everyday they have people there no matter the time. College students hang there EVERY night. Both locations are impossible to get into on the weekends prior to 1pm. I think they are doing just fine.
lol do a !remindme and I will do as well so i can laugh at you Snap chat hit 15 dollars this month up for sub 12 after a good earnings call. They are making above the right moves and will end up over taking instagram AND facebook in the next 5-10 years. Walmart is going to show they are walmart and GoPro is also doing everything right to enter the next 10+ years to max out and then be bought out. I have already made over 3 grand in the last month just playing Snapchat and GoPros stocks on a day trade and I am only playing with less than 10k and I would of made far more if I really went all in like I should of.Shit I made over a grand on SHLD because the stock plunged before earnings call and I knew it would rise roughly 10% which it actually did by 12% before it fell again after the earnings call.  Hell Snapchat will hit 20 a share by end of spring if it takes that long. Go Pro will be over 15 by X Mas. If you are going to talk shit add something to it because all you are doing is blah blah blah about something you don't know about and have done no research on and if you have I feel bad for your investments.
Python. R is (not quite) moribund at this point. These days Python can do everything better and more efficiently (while, with libraries written in C, but that doesn't matter). The proportion of Python to R is only going up.
With unlimited resources, even governments couldn't oppose me. I'd take over the planet and force my will on the population.  Business wouldn't really be interesting if you already had unlimited resources. The primary motivation to engage in business is to accumulate resources.
&gt; Most businesses operate at a loss for the first year or two, and reinvest all the profits for expansion for a few years after that. So higher income taxes won't affect them one bit.  Yes, but tariffs, licenses, excise taxes, payroll taxes, and the like do. I say this as a business owner. I agree that the personal margin income tax brackets should go higher, I was just making a comment about how you form a healthy ecosystem for businesses. It takes tax friendly policies on the corporate level.  &gt; Half of all incomes goes to the top 10%. They have more than enough money...   Well, if we open it up to the top 10% now instead of only 1% (which is what I was referencing with the whole Occupy movement), we are starting to get somewhere. They already pay the largest proportion of taxes, obviously raising taxes would impact them the most no matter how you look at it. I have no disagreement with doing that, in fact I encourage it.  &gt; (Note: I intentionally ommitted health care because money alone won't fix that mess.)  I would say education fits within that category too. Per capita we spend more than any other country on our children already.  But yes, raising taxes will be necessary to fund what we need to fund, but I'd like to start with cutting government spending, reforming the fucked up programs, and creating a real economic / jobs plan for the next 50 years and then, at that point, we can determine who pays what taxes rather than asking the wealthy to pay more so we can fund useless wars.
"Keep in mind that the Federal Reserve Chairman needs to be very careful with his use of words.  Here's what he said: It is arguable that interest rates are too high, that they are being constrained by the fact that interest rates can't go below zero. We have an economy where demand falls far short of the capacity of the economy to produce. We have an economy where the amount of investment in durable goods spending is far less than the capacity of the economy to produce. That suggests that interest rates in some sense should be lower rather than higher. We can't make interest rates lower, of course. (They) only can go down to zero. And again I would argue that a healthy economy with good returns is the best way to get returns to savers. So what does that mean? When he says that ""we can't make interest rates lower"", that doesn't mean that it isn't possible. He's saying that our demand for goods is lower than our ability to produce them. Negative interest would actually make that problem worse -- if I know that things will cost less in a month, I'm not going to buy anything. The Fed is incentivizing spending by lowering the cost of capital to zero. By continuing this policy, they are eventually going to bring on inflation, which will reduce the value of the currency -- which gives people and companies that are sitting on money an dis-incentive to continue hoarding it."
"You can't get much better advice for a young investor than from Warren Buffet. And his advice for investors young and old, is ""Put 10% of the cash in short‑term government bonds, and 90% in a very low‑cost S&P 500 index fund."" Or as he said at a different time, ""Most investors, both institutional and individual, will find that the best way to own common stocks is through an index fund that charges minimal fees"".  You are not going to beat the market. So just save as much money as you can, and invest it in something like a Vanguard no-load, low-cost mutual fund.  Picking individual stocks is fun, but treat it as fun. Never put in more money than you would waste on fun. Then any upside is pure gravy."
w/o the winklevoss twins, Zuckerberg wouldn't be a billionaire. Not that he wouldn't be successful, or he owes them anything, but w/o their idea of a social network, he very likely would have done something different. Worked hard, but it may or may not have worked. He is both skilled, hard working, and lucky.
Indeed that just over, there is no way in hell that the North Koreans are going back.  Now then lets focus on Iran and expedite their Journey into the realization that a Nuclear weapon is the only way they will have any fucking peace.  That should be a nice tipping point
The reason they have this massive debt is largely (not entirely) because they have been employing Keynes' policies and spending more than they had for so many years as it is. Austerity is not the solution. However, reckless spending is not the solution either. A lot of people arguing for keynesian policies (not a bad idea in most recessions) don't grasp that investors have a limited amount of money to invest and aren't going to place it in a country that has as bad of a debt problem as you pointed out.  So many people keep arguing these struggling countries need to spend more. While that would help expand their economies, it is not feasible. Where do you guys going to think the money is going to come from? If investors don't want to provide then they have to print more money, which creates the risk of hyperinflation.  Spending could help a little maybe if it was a realistic thing to do. Right now any Keynesian solutions are a fairy tale. Countries like Greece need to do what they can with the resources available to them instead of spending like a bunch of millionaire playboys on crystal meth. Look at the U.S. We have spent trillions and our GDP is still growing at only slightly more than half the rate it has from 1947-2012. If people expect massive government spending to be a fix to these problems, then we are a clear case that it isn't. I acknowledge we could be a lot worse and possibly still be seeing a contraction without the spending, but it clearly isn't fixing our problems and sooner or later we won't be able to take on more debt to fix it. We need real solutions to generate real growth instead of dicking around like this. Other western countries need to do the same.  edit:Also what we are doing right now would not be considered keynesian solutions. Keynes would advocate spending money to fix the problems, not just dumping money into the economy. That is something I would agree with. But since our politicians can't grasp that I don't want them in control of the purse strings anymore.
The classic answer is simple. Aim to build up a a financial cushion that is the equivalent of 3 times your monthly salary. This should be readily accessible and in cash, to cover any unforeseen expenses that you may incur (car needs repairing, washing machine breaks down etc). Once you have this in place its then time to think about longer term investments. Monthly 'drip feeding' into a mutual stock based investment fund is a good place to start. Pick a simple Index based or fund with a global investment bias and put in a set amount that you can regularly commit to each month. You can get way more complicated but for sheer simplicity and longer term returns, this is a simple way to build up some financial security and longer term investments.
"&gt; No one cried when car replaced Horse carriage  Your broad point definitely stands, but this statement is not correct.  A TON of people cried when the horse/carriage started dying - leatherworkers, cow (leather) farmers, sanitation workers. ranchers that raised &amp; bred horses.... those industries were *gigantic* at the time and all took a huge hit.  And it definitely sucked for them - they didn't do anything wrong, but their means of livelihood were eroded and practically destroyed - and not for depleting a resource of some kind (like maybe a mine running dry).  But the relevant question is - what happened to the value of their product and is anyone at fault?  The answer is that it's pretty simply no one, and you just have to chalk it up to ""times change""."
Paying out dividends and financing new projects with debt also lessens the agency problem. The consequences of a failed project are greater when debt is used, so the manager now has a greater incentive to see that the project is a success. This, in addition to the paid divided is a benefit to the shareholder. If equity wasn't paid out and instead used for the project then the manager may not be so interested in its success. And if it's a failure then the shareholders are worse off.
Nissan warranties their battery for 100K / 8 years, so it will be interesting to see how they handle a possible problem. As electric cars become more widespread it will also be interesting to see if the second-life market for batteries for static storage comes to pass, a big rebate for your old battery with limited range, but still lots of storage could take out  a good chunk of the cost for new batteries.
From the FAQ I think it is fairly clear that it is OK: Can I open a Help to Buy: ISA with someone else? No. Help to Buy:   ISAs are only available to individuals. But, you can put more than one   government bonus towards the home you are buying. So, if you are   buying a home with someone else who is also a first time buyer, they   can open and save money into their own account and receive a   government bonus. Inference: if you are buying a home with someone else who is NOT also a first time buyer, they can't get their own account and get the bonus (but there's no problem with you doing so).  Alternatively - open the Help To Buy ISA, you'll still get the normal interest rate on it, and then argue the case with the conveyancer / solicitor once you actually buy the property and claim the Government bonus. In fact, here is the declaration you (well, specifically, your girlfriend) would have to sign at the point you jointly make the purchase. Nothing in there that forbids it being a joint purchase with a non-first-time-buyer either.
With Prime Now and same day shipping, I don't need to go to Best Buy unless it was an actual emergency.   Also, a new Best Buy opened up in Mountain View. It is totally empty, and I'm at a loss at who in corporate thought it was a good idea to open another one.
AFAIK gillet and hicks received massive loans to fund their purchase and they have not been keeping up the repayments so now the creditors own the club. Its like getting a car on the never never, or a mortgage, i fyou don't keep up repayments the credit company take back the car or the bank repossess your house. I am sure it is a bit more complicated than that in this case, but tbh I would be surprised if it was fundamentally different.  thats why RBS and the mill fininance are involved, they provided the loans, and are probably desperately keen to sell before going into administation, which would dock liverpool 9 points and reduce the value even more.
From a purely financial standpoint, you should invest using whatever dollars get you the best rate. The general rule of thumb that I've come across is that if you are making another person/company change your money into another nation's currency, they will likely charge a higher exchange rate than you could get yourself. However, it really depends on your situation, how easy it is for you to exchange money, what your exchange rate is, and what your broker is charging you to exchange to USD (if on the off chance this is truly nothing, then stick with CAD). Don't worry about the strength of the USD to CAD too much because converting your money before you make purchases doesn't allow you to buy more shares. For the vast majority of people, trying to work with national currency exchange rates makes things unnecessarily complex.
As Stan's answer recommends, don't give them the money; make the checks payable to the credit-card company or the bank that issued the student loan so that those debts get repaid for sure, or else you run the risk of that money also going the way of all flesh and the debt remaining untouched. Next, file a gift tax return (Form 709, which is not filed along with Form 1040; all 709s go to one IRS office as described in the instructions), saying that you gave your son and daughter-in-law gifts of $20K each (say) and that you want to have $12K (excess of each gift over and above the annual exclusion of $14K per recipient) count against your combined lifetime estate tax and gift tax exclusion (which is currently over $5M). So, no gift tax needs to be paid. (As JoeTaxpayer's comment points out, if you are married and your spouse is willing to join in this, then as much as $56K can be given without anyone having to file Form 709).  Then, change your will to reduce your son's and daughter-in-law's inheritance by $40K. If and when they return the money (as a gift to you), change your will back  by removing the reduction. If the repayment is is a lump sum, the gift tax return stratagem can be used by your son and daughter-in-law while if they pay back over two years, no gift tax return need be filed.  So., that's it. No interest to be paid by anybody, no gift taxes to be paid by anybody, no income to be reported on any tax return, etc. This will work unless you have serious concerns about reducing your combined lifetime estate tax and gift tax exclusion by $12K, and if you do, you can afford to hire plenty of lawyers to advise you on better strategies.
Assuming that's my only source. Of course your logic begs that you too have concluded your views from mass programming a la' Al Gore movies, liberal professors, and endless mindless reports from billion dollar Globalist corporations with vested interests in cheap labor,  top 1% bankers who stand to make bank off the new climate economy, and liberal orgs with vested interest in perusing global authority. Which is what climate change hoax is all about.  Nice try though.  Btw, you will get your dream come true. Your side will achieve a global climate police state. Trump slowed it down but 40 years of massive brainwashing from the Deep State globalists all MSM Hollywood universities music industry television and the usual left wing power structure will win out shortly. The. You will see that I and many others were right.
Wow.. Thanks for that article. I've resisted ebooks, but will be buying a kindle this week. Why ? Because why not, these guys are fighting a good fight.  That was a very clever strategy to offer 100% royalties... Now when Jeff announces his new venture into publishing , authors will remember this.
If you have a rental property, take the income from that property and then invest it in a dividend fund, or sell the property and invest those proceeds. Borrowing against a house or other property is just not a great idea.   Rule 1: Don't borrow against a house.  Rule 2: For any substantial advice, go to a financial advisor, not reddit.  Rule 3: Don't borrow against a house.
Is it possible that the result could be a reduced-size Eurozone, with Germany, France, Austria, BeNeLux and Finland remaining in, while others go back to their former currencies or form a Southern European (and Irish) common currency?
I was in your situation a few years ago and I discovered something that worked perfectly for me - a local health insurance broker. I met with her, discussed my needs, reviewed the options with her, then acted. She received a commission from the insurer, so it cost me nothing. I would certainly follow a similar approach again.
Listen, I planted a seed in your head that will grow into intelligent thinking. You can do it.   As an alternative to believing me (since I'm so ignorant) just read a LOT more. But don't just read CNN.
On June 1, 2014, the Financial Post reported that small businesses are very optimistic about the economy – with the Canadian Federation of Independent Businesses stating that their Business Barometer index rose again for the second straight month (a score of 67.1). In response to the increased revenue that an improved economy would bring, businesses are investing in MONEXgroup’s fast and secure credit card processing terminals.
Mr. Raphael Lilla has been operating as the Executive Director of SBC Group AG Bouchs (Switzerland) since July, 2016. With a professional experience of over 20 years in the legal and finance industries, Mr. Lilla takes pride in his association with the International Society of Business Leaders.
Is this an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)? If so, and there is no required holding period, selling right away is essentially a guaranteed bonus with minimal risk. One caveat is that sometimes it takes a while to actually receive the shares at your brokerage, and in the meantime your company may have an earnings report that could cause the share price to drop. If your discount is only 5%, for example, a bad earnings report could easily wipe that out. The only other cons I can think of is ESPP contributions being withheld from you for months (albeit for a virtually guaranteed return), and it complicates your taxes a bit. On the flip side, another pro is that after you sell the shares, you are more likely to invest that money rather than spend it.
Are you raising that cat simply to eat?  And sure, if the the dog or cat or bear for that matter, is raised simply to be eaten or used for body parts later, I could care less if they are abused.  They are used for a purpose.  A means to an end.  I really think there are things in this world that we could better spend our time worrying about, rather than this turkey, who will make a delicious sandwich in a few months.
Consistent with the plateauing in Facebook growth. But let's also remember that Zynga was the company whose CEO was lionized in some quarters for screwing his own employees on options, benefits, pay and job security. You earn a reputation for treating your people badly, they will go elsewhere and you will run out of ideas.
As JoeTaxpayer has mentioned, please consult a lawyer and CA.  In general you would have to pay tax on the profit you make, in the example on this 10% you make less of any expenses to run the business. depending on how you are incorporating the business, there would be an element of service tax apart from corporate tax or income tax.
You know there is a small group of individuals who focus on strictly planning without implementation. They are not securities licensed (no 7,6,66,63 license) so they cannot sell or discuss securities, but they do put together financial plans to help individuals recover from debt and rework spending/saving strategies. They also usually work hand in hand with a CFP or ChFc to do the implementation process. The hard part is making money at it. Financial Planners make most of their income on high net worth clients. You would be targeting low income or troubles income clients that would have a hard time paying money for the service. I am not saying it cannot be done, you just have your work cut out for you. But it is a noble career and you would be helping idividuals have a better life. That speaks volumes!
To give the seller cash at the closing, you will need to borrow the money ahead of time, which means a mortgage is out. A bank will only make a mortgage if they get the deed. Therefore, you will have to borrow a different way, such as through a more-expensive home equity loan.
I think you're doing the right thing. One of the benefits of tax-deferred account, aside of it being tax-deferred, is that it keeps the money locked from you. Some people think it's a bad thing, I think it's a good thing. The amount of money locked is not that significant relatively to your income (10% in your case, which is a lot relatively to others of your age, and shows that you think ahead and plan for your future), but it builds up a cushion to fall to when you're old. Many people don't think of the time they're old, or think they'll be the same or better (income-wise) as they're now. That is not so. Although during the period of your life your marginal tax will indeed grow, in the end it goes back down again for most of the people, and that is because your income goes down. It is then that you need the money you're putting aside now, and the more you put aside, and the earlier you put it aside - the more you will have then. The fact that it's locked promises that you will have it then, not before when you want to buy a house you can't afford or impress a girl with a car you can't pay for. In my mind that's the best benefit, and the fact that the earlier you start putting the money there, the more gains it will acquire until you actually need it. So keep up the good work, and save for your future, lock out that 10%, and invest the rest in other channels which may be more risky and with more potential gains.
That I - Deacon John Hubertz, and my tiny church, are going to make a dedicated and if necessary lifelong effort to stop the thieves and scoundrels who charge $10,000 to bury a body.  We do this for the widows, for the orphans, and because I and my entire church are on a mission from God.  We do not own a building, we do not seek to convince or convert, and we never ask for donations.  We have been given this righteous task and with all our strength we will do this.  http://saintjosephrcc.blogspot.com/2017/09/god-speaks.html
They told you what to do--the Department of Labor.  They have ways around this problem.  Also, that ex-CFO certainly should care if it's his name on the dotted line.
"Buying pressure is when there are more buy orders than sell orders outstanding.  Just because someone wants to buy a stock doesn't mean there's a seller ready to fill that order.  When there's buying pressure, stock prices rise.  When there's selling pressure, stock prices fall. There can be high volume where buying and selling are roughly equal, in which case share prices wouldn't move much. The market makers who actually fill buy and sell orders for stock will raise share prices in the face of buying pressure and lower them in the face of selling pressure.  That's because they get to keep the margin between what they bought shares from a seller for and what they can sell them to a new buyer for.  Here's an explanation from InvestorPlace.com about ""buying pressure"": Buying pressure can basically be defined as increasingly higher demand for a particular stock's shares. This demand for shares exceeds the supply and causes the price to rise. ... The strength or weakness of a stock determines how much buying or selling interest will be required to break support and resistance areas. I hope this helps!"
Do you really believe that in 6 months in office, Trump did nothing about the economy or trade? Yes or no?  Before you answer, here we go:  * Donated his pay checks. * Repealed 14 Obama regulations via CRA saving $60 billion in costs to the economy yearly per American Action Forum  * Directed Dep’t of Commerce to streamline Federal permitting processes for domestic manufacturing * Cut 1.6 billion costs from Air Force one and F-35 airplanes * Regulatory freeze on all federal governmental agencies via EO signed (1/30/17) * Making agencies cut 2 regulations for each new one. OMB reporting that as of June 2017 the real ratio is closer to 16 to 1 per Washington Examiner (07/19/17) * Sec Ross has slapped more than $2 billion in fines on China and Canada for illegal trade practices. * Food Stamp spending is down almost $1 billion per month and $12 billion per year per USAD * Killed TPP * **[And much much more here](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6w7zm4/real_trump_news_updated_082617/)**
1: Low fees means: a Total Expense Ratio of less than 0,5%. One detail you may also want to pay attention to whether the fund reinvests returns (Thesaurierender Fonds) which is basically good for investing, but if it's also a foreign-based fund then taxes get complicated, see http://www.finanztip.de/indexfonds-etf/thesaurierende-fonds/
Three things prevent you from doing this: Credit cards generally don't accept other credit cards as payment.  You could do this with a cash advance or balance transfer, but Cash advances and balance transfers usually have fees associated with them, negating any reward you might earn. Your card might have a no-fee balance transfer promotion going, but Cash advances and balance transfers generally aren't eligible for rewards.
That's like saying a nuclear bomb isn't so bad because a campfire also could be dangerous. The scales are completely different. Your example might slightly affect an industry in a certain market. Amazon will shake the foundations of one of the largest industries on an international level.  I'm not saying it's bad, I'm saying your use of an anecdote is. It rational.
"I don't disagree with you. I was merely trying to assert that the channels you mentioned deserve the credit for their content, and that in a lot of ways those shows aren't what people typically have described as ""tv"" shows. When I think of ""tv"" I tend to think of network content, because historically speaking they were the ones with the most prominence, and they still have the most sway over the direction of the medium today. A power they have used to seemingly decay said medium with increasingly thoughtless programming."
Is there any precedent for companies trading on their own insider information for the benefit of stockholders?  Said another way, if a company were to enter a new market where they were very confident of their ability to steamroll a public competitor, could they use a wholly-owned special-purpose investment vehicle to short that competitor in order to juice the benefit of that move?
"In absence of complete information, I can only speculate that your phrases We both endorsed the cheque,  and especially since the name on the cheque doesn't seem to be the name of the person I spoke with. mean that the check was payable to Jane Doe but was endorsed by  someone you know as Wade Roe using language such as ""Pay to the  order of user6344"" and then you endorsed it as something like  ""For deposit only to Acct# 1234567890"" and gave it to the bank teller with a deposit slip for Acct# 1234567890. Presumably Wade Roe did not accompany you to the bank and the bank teller did not notice that the check was not endorsed to you by Jane Doe, or she did go with you to the bank but the teller did not check her ID when she endorsed the check.  In any case, you, as a customer of the bank, are definitely on the hook in the sense that you in effect guaranteed the validity of Wade Roe's endorsement of the check payable to Jane Doe. You presented the check to the bank as a legitimate check that you were legitimately entitled to deposit in your account.  In effect, if fraud was committed, you committed the fraud by depositing a bum check.  As all the other answers have said, you need to go down to the bank and talk to a bank officer, preferably the manager, right  away.  Don't go to a teller (even though in many banks, the tellers have job titles like assistant vice-president."
"Benchmark et al are pissed about this now because it has derailed their plans for an IPO this year. Not because they give a shit about the ""culture problems"" at the company. To the contrary - they invested in part *because* Kalanick had a reputation as being aggressive and having sharp elbows when it came to expanding into new markets and driving organic growth"
Actually that's not true, though I understand what you were trying to say. Uber handles insurance and regulation paperwork, and provides loans to drivers so they can buy cars. But a can company most usually owns the cars and hires the drivers and mandates their schedule, whereas Uber connects individuals with cars to people who want rides, without owning the vehicle or managing when or where the drivers must work. The primary difference being that drivers get more of the money than with a traditional cab company and control their schedule.
Hahaha, I appreciate the comparison, but that's bullshit. Socialists are putting their own paranoid theories out there, you have no obligation to seek them out and respond to them. Truthers on the other hand are offering reasoned critique of your ideas. You can dismiss their arguments out of hand, but understand that it makes you look like an intellectual coward. Cock-surety may fool weaker opponents, but even then, only in the service of your own ego.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.nationalreview.com/article/452069/state-local-tax-deductions-federal-taxes-trump-tax-reform-state-income-tax-real-estate-tax-california) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The plan would eliminate the deductibility of state and local income taxes for federal tax purposes.  &gt; Like the mortgage-interest deduction, which the Trump plan unfortunately keeps, the deduction for state and local taxes was intended to be a benefit to the middle class, i.e., the salt-of-the-earth voters who simultaneously are strongly in favor of an active welfare state and strongly disinclined to pay for it.  &gt; Offsetting state income taxes encourages states to jack up their levies: Because some costs are passed on to the federal treasury, Sacramento can get $1 in state income-tax revenue at a real cost to California taxpayers of less than $1. That&amp;#039;s back-door tax-code welfare for big-spending Democrats.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/73pca8/a_conservative_tax_hike/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~220318 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **state**^#1 **taxes**^#2 **federal**^#3 **tax**^#4 **income**^#5"
In case you didn't see over the past few years, especially in banks, falling stock prices often lead to ratings downgrades. The logic is that a bank who's stock price is low, or falling, is suffering from a decrease in their ability to tap the equity markets in times of need.  With less ability to tap the equity markets in times of need, this means it is less likely the bank can raise funds to pay off debt, and thus, makes their debt more risky.   It's unfair for me to imply a 100% causal relationship here, because that's not the case, but each of the markets interact with each other in some way. You will at least notice that, whether leading or trailing, companies that have a decreasing stock price also often have a decreasing credit rating.  You'll also notice that stocks which slip under $5 often times get put on credit watch.   The logic could go any which way around the circle, but a company that cuts its dividend may lose some investors who were in it for the dividend. This can cause stock price to fall. Credit agencies, depending on the situation, may approve of companies that cut their dividend (more cash to pay off debt), or, may indicate the dividend cut is not enough to make up for the company's falling profits.   In the absence of full information, a cut in the dividend is often seen as a sign of weakness or a sign of tough times for the company in the future. Companies which have changes in dividend are looked at as less stable, more unpredictable, blah blah blah.   Again, I'm not implying a 100% causal relationship here, but, each of these markets work with each other somehow, and a bank which cuts its dividend may be expecting lower profitability, slower growth, need the funds to cover lawsuit payouts or settlements with insert-regulatory-agency, or any number of other situations.
"I fail to see how electing a democratic senate as a punitive measure does any justice. I hate whataboutism but it needs to be pointed out that both Wall Street and big  business were lobbying largely for Clinton for presumably the same ""wealth sycophantism/worship.""   If you think this is a new phenomenom then perhaps you aren't looking much beyond the past 6 months."
And I was being facetious, apologies.   I think your assertion that the  &gt; entire crux of the story was that credit ratings agencies weren't transparent  is a massive simplification of what happened. There are many great analyses of the crisis, and most of them come to the conclusion that 'it was a perfect storm' of different factors.  I gather you think the problem was regulatory, I think the problem is systemic.   To me it doesn't matter how the regulations are written what matters are the incentives. I see no evidence that the regulatory agencies in the US can effectively police, let alone effectively deter financial institutions from skirting the laws. In fact I think wall street runs on such a haystack of grey-area regulations that without wholesale, root and branch reform (e.g. antitrust laws similar to Standard Oil to be used on the big banks) there's no hope that any patchwork of regulations, well-intentioned as they may be, from making a difference.   CDOs are a great example of what to avoid.
"I'm a 35 year old man with an MSc Eng, I'd wager I've taken more statistics classes than you.  &gt;Ah, yet another true believer in the modern medicine religion, who says ""how dare your question one of the priests"".  Do you even realize how much of an extremist, stupid thing this is to say, you straw-man bearing retard?"
"I have money to invest. Where should I put it? Anyone who answers with ""Give it to me, I'll invest it for you, don't worry."" needs to be avoided. If your financial advisor gives you this line or equivalent, fire him/her and find another. Before you think about where you should put your money, learn about investing. Take courses, read books, consume blogs and videos on investing in stocks, businesses, real estate, and precious metals. Learn what the risks and rewards are for each, and make an informed decision based on what you learned. Find differing opinions on each type of investment and come to your own conclusions for each. I for example, do not understand stocks, and so do not seriously work the stock market.  Mutual funds make money for the folks selling them whether or not the price goes up or down. You assume all the risk while the mutual fund advisor gets the reward. If you find a mutual fund advisor who cannot recommend the purchase of a product he doesn't sell, he's not an advisor, he's a salesman. Investing in business requires you either to intimately understand businesses and how to fund them, or to hire someone who can make an objective evaluation for you. Again this requires training. I have no such training, and avoid investing in businesses. Investing in real estate also requires you to know what to look for in a property that produces cash flow or capital gains. I took a course, read some books, gained experience and have a knowledgeable team at my disposal so my wins are greater than my losses. Do not be fooled by people telling you that higher risk means higher reward. Risks that you understand and have a detailed plan to mitigate are not risks. It is possible to have higher reward without increasing risk. Again, do your own research. The richest people in the world do not own mutual funds or IRAs or RRSPs or TFSAs, they do their own research and invest in the things I mentioned above."
"A lot of credit card companies these days uses what they call ""daily interest"" where they charge the interest rate for the number of days till you pay off what you spent. This allows them to make more money than the ""period billing"".  The idea of credit, theoretically, is that there isn't really a day when you can borrow without paying interest - in theory"
I suspect that part of the problem with responding to surveys is that marketers realized they could use surveys as advertising.  The last survey I actually responded to was over 5 years ago and was an ad for Geiko.  I realized half way when they started asking me detailed questions about my memory of Geiko's commercials over and I then refused to give the satisfaction of saying Geiko.
"You're missing a very important thing: YEAR END values in (U.S.) $ millions unless otherwise noted So 7098 is not $7,098.  That would be a rather silly amount for Coca Cola to earn in a year don't you think?  I mean, some companies might happen upon random small income amounts, but it seems pretty reasonable to assume they'll earn (or lose) millions or billions, not thousands. This is a normal thing to do on reports like this; it's wasteful to calculate to so many significant digits, so they divide everything by 1000 or 1000000 and report at that level.  You need to look on the report (usually up top left, but it can vary) to see what factor they're dividing by. Coca Cola's earnings per share are $1.60 for FY 2014, which is 7,098/4450 (use the whole year numbers, not the quarter 4 numbers; and here they're both in millions, so they divide out evenly).   You also need to understand that ""Dividend on preferred stock"" is not the regular dividend; I don't see it explicitly called out on the page you reference.  They may not have preferred stock and/or may not pay dividends on it in excess of common stock (or at all)."
If one of the EURO countries goes bankrupt, then it will destablise the entire financial industry. IE there would be many financial institutions [Banks, Credit Union, Pension Funds, Insurance Funds, Corporates] that are holding EURO Investments in that country will loose their money and this will have a cascading impact ... similar and much bigger than US Sub-prime crisis of 2008. So if your money is in EURO and you are staying in EURO countires, the inflation will mean your money is of less value ... If you are holding USD and staying in EURO and country goes bankrupt then chances are that it will loose value with USD and hence you can convert them to EURO and spend more EUROs to buy the same items ...
I respectfully disagree with Eric.  If you invest from day one in a Roth, where, exactly will taxable income come from to put you in a higher bracket at retirement? I agree, maybe for other reasons than you list, that early on, post-tax is the way to go, because I'll assume that one starts work in a lower bracket. There's probably a majority who start work in the 15% bracket, but over time work their way to 25%. As they grow to 25%, using the pretax 401(k) and IRA can keep them at 15% for some number of years. In any year of low income, for whatever reason, they can convert the pretax money to Roth to top off the 15% bracket.  To bring the point home, if you went post tax the whole way, imagine retiring with $2M in the Roth, but no pretax money. You now have a standard deduction, exemption, and the full 10% bracket each and every year gone to waste. Money you paid 25% tax when you could be paying zero on some of it. The deduction and exemption add to $9750 in 2012, and the 10% rate applies to the first $8700 of taxable income. If you do the math, this is $17,500, and if you plan a 4% withdrawal rate, you'd need 437,500 pretax money to give you the 17500 each year. Last, all three factors (standard deduction, exemption, and bracket limits) all rise a bit each year. An increase of $200 is another $5000 to save pretax.  Edit - 2013 brought the ability to convert within one's 401(k) from the traditional pretax side to the Roth side. This makes possible turning 100% of one's 401(k) money to Roth, and retiring without the benefite of the standard deduction, exemptions, etc.
"If you and your family have decided to stay in the home while the project is ""on"", the first thing that you should arrange is the privacy.However, if you have decided to relocate to some other house for this renovation process, it is important that you pay attention towards the security aspect of your home."
The Khan Academy has a huge series on finance (Sal Khan used to work at a hedge fund before he started his magnum opus): http://www.khanacademy.org/#core-finance  Some are pretty basic stuff, but he does have some interesting commentary and snippets of more interesting topics. They're all very low-commitment and bite-sized.
"Vanguard released an analysis paper in 2013 titled ""Dollar-cost averaging just means taking risk later.""  This paper explores the performance difference(s) between a dollar-cost averaging strategy and a lump sum strategy when you already possess the funds. This paper is an excellent read but the conclusion from the executive summary is: We conclude that if an investor expects such trends to continue, is   satisfied with his or her target asset allocation, and is comfortable with   the risk/return characteristics of each strategy, the prudent action is investing the lump sum immediately to gain exposure to the markets   as soon as possible. The caveat to the conclusion is weighing your emotions.  If you are primarily concerned with minimizing the possibility of a loss then you should use a dollar cost averaging strategy with the understanding that, on a purely mathematical basis, the dollar cost averaging strategy is likely to under-perform a lump sum investment of the funds. The paper explores a 10 year holding period with either: The analysis includes various portfolio blends and is backtested against the United States, United Kingdom and Australian markets. Based on this, as far as I'm concerned, the rule of thumb is invest the lump sum if you're going to invest at all."
In the US, expense ratios are stated in the Prospectus of the fund, which you must acknowledge as having read before the fund will accept your money to invest. You never acknowledged any such thing? Actually you did when you checked the box saying that you accept the Terms of the Agreement when you made the investment. The expense ratio can be changed by vote of the Board of Directors of the fund but the change must be included in the revised Prospectus of the fund, and current investors must be informed of the change. This can be a direct mailing (or e-mailing) from the mutual fund or an invitation to read the new Prospectus on the fund's website for those who have elected to go paperless.  So, yes, the expense ratio can be changed (though not by the manager of the fund, e.g. just because he/she wants a bigger salary or a fancier company car, as you think), and not without notice to investors.
Looking at the numbers quickly,  if he makes this amount for the entire year, single, no kids, no investment income, standard deduction only, his taxable income will be about $110,000.*  That puts him in the 28% tax bracket.  His federal tax would be:  $18,481.25 plus 28% of the amount over $90,750 Which comes out to about $23,800 in tax liability.  His federal withholding is $26,047 for the year, so with absolutely no deductions whatsoever, he will be getting a tax refund of about $2200. I'm not very familiar with the California tax return, but it is entirely possible that he would get a decent sized refund from the state as well.  This means that his tax refund could be about the size of an extra paycheck.  He may want to consider increasing his allowances, which would make his paychecks bigger and his tax refund smaller. That having been said, taxes are high, no doubt about it.  Remember that when you are in the voting booth.  :) * Here is how I got the taxable income number for the year:
"In Germany most terror attacks are made by right-wing guys who want to save Germany from the muslim terrorists (ironic isnt it) and most physical attacks also come from this group. So the problems comes fron people saying things like you did: Muslims are terrorists. Taking a group as a whole and given them an attribute. If you say americans are fat idiots you say all of them (allthough i did not explicitly say ALL OF THEM) This is not helping fighting obesity, it is just pure hatespeech. You still want to pass of hate as criticism.... that is just not the same. And heres a link to the sweden Problem: http://www.government.se/articles/2017/02/facts-about-migration-and-crime-in-sweden/   Do yourself a favor check your information sources because there is a ""fake news"" (i hate this expression :-) ) source in it. Sweden is a common target of right-wing manipulators which often spread simple untruths... and i hate to say it but they got in your head. You don't seem like a lost cause though, that is why im still talking to you. So please try to be more open and stay critical about information ESPECIALLY if it seems to  confirm common prejudices. Your Right about the nazis though. Ignoring isn't helping. Sadly I have other fights to fight and therefore rely on the society to go ahead with a good example and if they are out of line (hatespeech). Heres a link to what xenophobia and hatespeech in Germany led: https://www.google.de/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2016/may/23/germany-rightwing-violence-surges-asylum-seekers So you can see.... hatespeech is a huge Problem which does a lot of physical damage."
"I know your ""pain"".  But don't worry about investing the money right now -- leave it uninvested in the short term.  You have other stuff you need to school up on.  Investment will come, and it's not that hard.  In the short term, focus on taxes.  Do some ""mock"" run-throughs of your expected end-of-year taxes (use last year's forms if this year's aren't available yet).  Must you pay estimated tax periodically throughout the year?  The tax authorities charge hefty penalties for ""forgetting"" to do it or ""not knowing you have to"".  Keep an eye out for any other government gotchas.   Do not overlook this!  This is the best investment you could possibly make.  Max out your government sanctioned retirement funds - in the US we have employer plans like 401K or Keogh, and personal plans like the IRA.  This is fairly straightforward.  Avoid any ""products"" the financial advisors want to sell you, like annuities.  Also if you have the Roth type IRA, learn the difference between that and a normal one.  There are some tricks you can do if you expect to have an ""off"" year in the future.  Charitable giving is worth considering at high income levels.  Do not donate directly to charities.  Instead, use a Donor Advised Fund.  It is a charity of its own, which accepts your tax deductible donation, and holds it.  You take the tax deduction that year.  Then later, when the spirit moves, tell your DAF to donate to the charity of your choice.   This eliminates most of the headaches associated with giving.  You don't get on the soft-hearted sucker lists, because you tell the DAF not to disclose your address, phone or email.  You don't need the charity's acknowledgement letter for your taxes, since your donation was actually to the DAF. It shuts down scams and non-charities, since the DAF confirms their nonprofit status and sends the check to their official address only. (This also bypasses those evil for-profit ""fundraising companies"".) It's a lot simpler than they want you to know.  So-called ""financial advisors"" are actually salesmen working on commission.  They urge you to invest, because that's what they sell.  They sell financial products you can't understand because they are intentionally unduly complex, specifically to confuse you.  They are trying to psych you into believing all investments are too complex to understand, so you'll give up and ""just trust them"".  Simple investments exist.  They actually perform better since they aren't burdened down with overhead and internal complexity.  Follow this rule: If you don't understand a financial product, don't buy it.   But seriously, do commit and take the time to learn investment.  You are the best friend your money will have - or its worst enemy.  The only way to protect your money from inflation or financial salesmen is to understand investment yourself. You can have a successful understanding of how to invest from 1 or 2 books. (Certainly not everything; those ingenious salesmen keep making the financial world more complicated, but you don't need any of that junk.)   For instance how do you allocate domestic stocks, foreign stocks, bonds, etc. in an IRA if you're under 40?  Well... how do smaller universities invest their endowments? They all want the same thing you do.  If you look into it, you'll find they all invest about the same.  And that's quite similar to the asset mix Suze Orman recommends for young people's IRAs.  See? Not that complicated.  Then take the time to learn why. It isn't stupid easy, but it is learnable.   For someone in your tier of income, I recommend Suze Orman's books.  I know that some people don't like her, but that segues into a big problem you'll run into:  People have very strong feelings about money.  Intense, irrational emotions.  People get it from their parents or they get sucked into the ""trust trap"" I mentioned with so-called financial advisors.  They bet their whole savings on whatever they're doing, and their ego is very involved.  When they push you toward their salesman or his variable annuity, they want you to agree they invested well.  So you kinda have to keep your head low, not listen too much to friends/family, and do your research for yourself.  John Bogle's book on mutual funds is a must-read for picking mutual funds and allocating assets.  Certain financial advisors are OK.  They are ""fee only"" advisors.  They deal with all their customers on a fee-only basis, and are not connected to a company which sells financial products.  They will be happy for you to keep your money in your account at your discount brokerage, and do your own trading on asset types (not brands) they recommend.  They don't need your password.  Here's what not to do: A good friend strongly recommended his financial advisor.  In the interview, I said I wanted a fee-only advisor, and he agreed to charge me $2000 flat rate.  Later, I figured out he normally works on commissions, because he was selling me the exact same products he'd sell to a commission (free advice) customer, and they were terrible products of course.  I fired him fast."
"First of all congrats... very nice work indeed..  Secondly, i do not offer this as legal advise.. lol.. anyhow.. you need to make sure to hang on to as much as possible, being a single earner, our Uncle (Sam) is going to want what's due... That being said, you should probably look into investments, for starters, purchase a primary residence or start a business, or purchase a primary residence and use that as a business residence (both).. what you basically want are write-offs.. you need to bring your ""taxable"" income as low as possible so you pay minimal taxes.. in your case, you're in danger of paying a hefty sum in taxes... i'm sure you can shield yourself with various business expenses (a car, workplace, computers, etc.. ) that you could benefit from, both professionally and individually.. and then seriously bro... making 250k leads me to believe you've got at least more than half a brain, and that you're using more than half of that.. so dude.. get an accountant... and one you can trust.. ask your parents, colleagues, people you've worked with in the past.. etc.. there are professionals who are equally as talented in helping you keep your money as you are in making it.. -OR- you could get married, make sure your wife stays at home and start popping out kids asap... those keep my taxable (and excess) income pretty low.. LOL!!! I'm going to add to this... as a contractor, i've generally put any ""estimated"" taxes into some kind of interest accruing account so i can at least make a little money before i have to give it away.. in your case, i'd say put away at least 2/3's into some kind of interest earning account.. start by talking to your personal banker wherever your money is.. you'll be surprised at how nice they treat you... you ARE going to have to pay taxes.. so until you do, try to make a little money while it sits..  again, nice problem to have!"
Wal-Mart will be offering mobile returns. The mobile app will allow the customer to start the return process from their phone, and complete it by dropping the item off.  Nothing revolutionary, just ever so slightly more convenient. Also, clickbait title. Article was posted by a bot for ad revenue.
That's not the problem here. The problem here is that monetarists and Keynesians don't differentiate between what you actually invest in.   Their equations literally state that a bridge to relieve congestion in New York will produce the same growth as the Bridge to Nowhere.  Unbelievable bullshit when put in the correct terms.
Plus you already have money in a 529 plan that is meant for college expenses (and cannot be used to pay student loans) - use that money for what it's for. I disagree with @DStanley, as a current college student I would say to take out loans. Most of the time I am against loans though.  So WHY? There are very few times you will receive loans at 0% interest (for 4+ years). You have money saved currently, but you do not know what the future entails. If you expend all of your money on tuition and your car breaks down, what do you do? You can not used student loans to pay for your broken car.Student loans, as long as they are subsidized, serve as a wonderful risk buffer. You can pay off your loans with summer internships and retain the initial cash you had for additional activities that make college enjoyable, i.e - Fraternity/ Sorority, clubs, dinners, and social nights. Another benefit to taking these loans would assist in building credit, with an additional caveat being to get a credit card. In general, debt/loans/credit cards are non-beneficial. But, you have to establish debt to allow others to know that you can repay. Establishing this credit rating earlier than later is critical to cheaper interest rates on (say) a mortgage.  You have made it through, you have watched your expenses, and you can pay your debt. Finish It. If you do it right, you will not have loans when you graduate, you will have a stunning credit rating, and you will have enjoyed college to its fullest potential (remember, you only really go through it once.) But this is contingent on:  Good luck,  EDIT: I did not realize the implication of this penalty which made me edit the line above to include: (to the extent you can per year) For now, student loan repayment isn't considered a qualified educational expense. This means that if you withdraw from a 529 to pay your debts, you may be subject to income taxes and penalties.Source Furthermore,  Currently, taxpayers who use 529 plan money for anything other than qualified education expenses are subject to a 10% federal tax penalty. Source My advice with this new knowledge, save your 529 if you plan on continuing higher education at a more prestigious school. If you do not, use it later in your undergraduate years.
You're missing the point. Moral agency is still a factor in everything above. When the state imposes taxes on you directly and indirectly you rob the individual of making the choice to be charitable.   Think of it in terms of contract law. You cannot enforce a contract that was agreed to under threat of violence. Similarly, no Christian will ever say you're going to heaven because you were forced to act according to scripture in every detail at the point of a gun.   Therefore you cannot call a Christian a hypocrite for not supporting every government boondoggle simply because it is labeled charitable. Nevermind the fact that it a is highly questioanble Obamacare will ever fulfill any of its promises and that alone should be grounds for its repeal.
I have no idea on that part. She only told me about this like a week ago. Besides my own research and documentation she has provided, I've not seen that. It's as easy as asking for it tho
"US is the major oil consumer, and produces only about half as much - so the lower the prices, the better for it.   As for the oil industry in the US - it will never fail since government just prints more money to prop it up regardless of its real economic effectiveness: it needs it to defang OPEC from being able to pull off another 1974 Oil Embargo. Hell, Gore even invented the ""global warming"" just for that purpose!"
"401(k) doesn't have a ""return rate"", because 401(k) is not a type of investment -- it is a vehicle for investment, with certain tax treatments. Just like your money that's not in a 401(k), you can invest it in either the bank, a CD, stocks, mutual funds, bonds, etc., you can similarly (depending on the options given to you by your 401(k) plan) invest the money in the 401(k) in a cash account, buy stocks, mutual funds, etc. Your return is dependent on how you invest your money, not whether it's in a 401(k) or not. Whether it's in a (Roth or Traditional) 401(k) simply affects when and how it gets taxed. (It is true that most 401(k) plans offer little variety in types of investments you can choose; however, this is not a big deal, as chances are that in a few years, you will leave your company, at which point you are able to rollover the 401(k) into an IRA, at which point you will have many, many options for how to invest it.) To make a valid comparison, you should be comparing the same type of investment in both cases. That means, you should assume the same return for both the money outside the 401(k), and the money inside the 401(k), and only consider the taxes and penalties (if you plan to withdraw early)."
So, the price-earnings ratio is price over earnings, easy enough. But obviously earnings are not static. In the case of a growing company, the earnings will be higher in the future. There will be extra earnings, above and beyond what the stock has right now. You should consider the future earnings in your estimate of what the company is worth now. One snag: Those extra earnings are future money. Future-money is an interesting thing, it's actually worth less than present-money- because of things like inflation, but also opportunity cost.  So if you bought $100 in money that you'll have 20 years from now, you'd expect to pay less than $100. (The US government can sell you that money. It's called a Series EE Savings Bond and it would cost you $50. I think. Don't quote me on that, though, ask the Treasury.) So you can't compare future money with present-money directly, and you can't just add those dollars to the earnings . You need to compute a discount. That's what discounted cash-flow analysis is about: figuring out the future cash flow, and then discounting the future figuring out what it's worth now. The actual way you use the discount rate in your formula is a little scarier than simple division, though, because it involves discounting each year's earnings (in this case, someone has asserted a discount of 11% a year, and five years of earnings growth of 10%). Wikipedia gives us the formula for the value of the future cash flow:  essentially adding all the future cash flows together, and then discounting them by a (compounded) rate. Please forgive me for not filling this formula out; I'm here for theory, not math. :)
Per-diem is not taxable, if all the conditions are met. Conditions include: You can find this and more in this IRS FAQ document re the per-diem.
Car Repair 2013 San Jose In this era of mechanization and introduction of machine driven technologies, the world is evolving as we speak. Machine learning and smart components have made it rather easier for us to be one with our gadgets and gizmos. Cars, on the other hand, are going through massive updates.
I remember eating at Applebees and thinking it was ridiculous that the tip for my lunch was half my hourly wage working as a retail manager.  And it's not like that server only had 2 people eating lunch.  The place was packed, they probably had 20 customers per server.
We're talking about low paying jobs.. and if there's more applicants than jobs than why are staffing companies HUGE right now?  Across the entire  country. Because can't fill the jobs like they want.  There's absolutely a ton of demand for low paying workers all around. Places can't keep or find people even to stay for a month.  Anyone that's ever applied knows these places also end up having tons of overtime because they don't have enough help.  The only solution is to throw more people at those jobs.  Your responding too fast. I did an edit I'm on my phone and alot of typos sorry. Your idea is to take all three of illegals , felons and potheads out of jobs yet somehow still filll these jobs that staffing companies have been trying to fill.
Take The 20k and transfer it to the new employer 401k. You then can take a loan and accomplish the same thing. By the time you pay the tax and 10% penalty, that withdrawal will be worth just over half. The same half you can borrow out, pay yourself the interest and not lose out on 50 years of growth.
You guys have real potential to market yourself very well.  First off, your truck is a giant moving billboard so vinyl wrap your truck with the company name, phone number, and other factoids about the business.  Every time you drive, you advertise.  This might be out of your league, but viral videos always help.  I don't know how good you are at video work, but if you can make something short/simple/stupid/weird enough to gain traction on youtube, you can get your name out there even more.  However, I'd put my current focus in vinyl.
I'm not sure what point you think I was making. It looks like you think I'm supporting the idea that QE causes inflation, which it doesn't. At least not when it is being used as it has been. What it does seem to have done is depress interest rates and create a speculative market that doesn't match up with economic reality. It has also created a ridiculous profit loop for investment banks selling bonds to the Fed.  You can't talk about QE without mentioning that banks are now incentivized to hold onto reserves because they can collect interest. So the banks screwed up, were heavily subsidized under the pretense of it being best for the taxpayer, and were then rewarded for sitting on all of that money.   If I support any viewpoint it is this. The government agreed to give the banks a thin veneer of solvency by granting them enormous sums in a short period. Obviously if that much currency went straight into the market it would be a disaster, so it put a mechanism in place to reward them for holding onto it. All QE did was massively increase the debt burden of the government, which will be passed on to taxpayers in the form of taxes, fines, fewer benefits, worsening infrastructure, and more restrictions. QE may have not caused inflation, but it certainly didn't help the vast majority of Americans who will simply see their standard of living decline at a quicker pace. I'm sure this will get blamed on immigrants or something instead of the reality that our government is tacitly rewarding banks for not lending to individuals. Why would they? An individual might not pay them back, but the government always will by simply extracting more out of those very individuals.
I believe the Bureau of Labor Statistics has published some numbers in this area... I cannot find them at the moment though. I think you need to take these numbers with a grain of salt, though, because they cannot account for productivity and automation improvements that are being aggressively implemented. Companies aren't just bloodletting -- they are refactoring business processes and automating thousands of jobs away.
"&gt; I guess you could do this by subsidizing research on green energy  You might have a look at what DARPA has been doing.  See also USN and USMC initiatives.  &gt; I don't see any better solution  The ""tax the hell out of it and hope no one notices"" approach doesn't seem like it works so long as people vote.  I'd suggest eliminating democracy would be an... ahem... undesirable side effect.  Alternatively you could try to persuade the public that paying more for energy is in their interest, but good luck with that."
There is another aspect too for the high prices of GOLD. After the current economical crisis people are no more investing in property and a big chunk of investment has been diverted to GOLD.
"The basic idea is that money's worth is dependent on what it can be used to buy. The principal driver of monetary exchange (using one type of currency to ""buy"" another) is that usually, transactions for goods or services in a particular country must be made using that country's official currency. So, if the U.S. has something very valuable (let's say iPhones) that people in other countries want to buy, they have to buy dollars and then use those dollars to buy the consumer electronics from sellers in the U.S. Each country has a ""basket"" of things they produce that another country will want, and a ""shopping list"" of things of value they want from that other country. The net difference in value between the basket and shopping list determines the relative demand for one currency over another; the dollar might gain value relative to the Euro (and thus a Euro will buy fewer dollars) because Europeans want iPhones more than Americans want BMWs, or conversely the Euro can gain strength against the dollar because Americans want BMWs more than Europeans want iPhones. The fact that iPhones are actually made in China kind of plays into it, kind of not; Apple pays the Chinese in Yuan to make them, then receives dollars from international buyers and ships the iPhones to them, making both the Yuan and the dollar more valuable than the Euro or other currencies. The total amount of a currency in circulation can also affect relative prices. Right now the American Fed is pumping billions of dollars a day into the U.S. economy. This means there's a lot of dollars floating around, so they're easy to get and thus demand for them decreases. It's more complex than that (for instance, the dollar is also used as the international standard for trade in oil; you want oil, you pay for it in dollars, increasing demand for dollars even when the United States doesn't actually put any oil on the market to sell), but basically think of different currencies as having value in and of themselves, and that value is affected by how much the market wants that currency."
&gt; Yelp told Desloges the good reviews were taken off her main page by an electronic system that uses an algorithm to sort reviews. She was told that's not because the reviews weren't genuine, but most likely because her customers aren't regular Yelp users.  uh, that's how yelp works and it makes complete sense to me.  she's just whining because she wasn't able to game the system the way she wanted to.
If you are particularly interested in the share certificate artifacts themselves, there is a collection hobby in paper share certificates and bonds, called scripophily.  This can include both active share certificates (for instance, think about giving your kid or grandkid a frameable paper share of Hasbro, Disney or McDonalds?), inactive certificates from famous bankruptcies or famous companies of the past, or just the visual interest in scrollwork and engraved vignettes.
SECTION | CONTENT :--|:-- Title | NEW Майнинг FLEEX!Бонус 100 ГХС при регистрации!Регистрируйся и собирай сатоши биткоина на автомате! Description | ¦ Ссылка на регистрацию в проектах: | Fleex: https://goo.gl/D3M9eO =========================================== ¦ Бинарные опционы Олимп Трейд https://goo.gl/DKryBH ====== Вступайте в Мою команду! =============== ¦? Моя группа https://vk.com/criptovaluta2016 ====== Как связаться со мной =============== ¦? Я в VK №1: https://vk.com/a.alex81 ¦? Я в Одноклассниках: https://ok.ru/alex6373 ¦? Я в Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Alex6373 ¦? Мой Skype: samara77221 ( добавляйтесь с пометкой от канала ... Length | 0:02:58           ****   ^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&amp;subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
Everyone thinks this is so Amazon can keep you from comparison shopping while in an Amazon brick and mortar, but has anyone considered the other reason most companies patent things? Maybe they're trying to protect that so other companies, like best buy, can't use tech like that. I'm pretty sure Amazon benefits more from people looking stuff up at every other store in the world than they would from blocking you in their own store.
Let me throw in one more variable to consider. Company 401K plans typically have MUCH higher fees than you are likely to get if you shop around on your own as long as you don't go with a high dollar broker. You won't see these fees on your statements typically, which I think is criminal, but they are hidden in the prices of the funds you are buying in the 401K.  If you don't believe me, get the quotes for a fund from the 401K company's web-site then look up the same fund on a site like MSMoney. The share prices won't match and you will be angry until you come to terms with it. So if you have a choice of money in a personal retirement account versus a 401K always go with your own account... UNLESS:   or
As the substance spreads through the walls of your house, it releases spores. People and pets living in the house then breathe in the spores and are at risk of becoming sick. This sickness is particularly difficult to identify because the symptoms often look like other illnesses. Professional mould cleaning services can save you from moulds.
You are correct, kids are entitled, they don't know what hardwork is like. All they want to do is open their hands and receive. I told my 16 year old cousin what would he do if I've given him 1000dollars. He said buy video games. I mean for an 11 year old I can accept that. But for a 16yr old going to be 18 soon? It's not even about blue collar or white collar jobs, is work is work in general. Bad parenting + entitlement = decrease financial &amp; social status. Also, for those who doesn't understand about health insurance. People only need health insurance hoping that they get sick. Insurance companies are not charities. They are here for profit. Why would insurance company sell insurance to sick people. I don't know why people down vote your logic when is pure reason.
In a prior blog post titled “Learn Why You Would Wholesale Property Using Double Escrows“, we introduced using transactional funding when you plan on wholesaling property using a double escrow.  There are a variety of different sources that offer transactional funding for wholesalers.  You can find them by simply typing into a search engine such as Google, Bing, or Yahoo the keywords “transactional funding companies”.  You will find hundreds of companies offering this service.  You will find that some are more relaible than others.  You will find that some are going to charge an upfront processing fee, some will charge a flat rate, some will charge a points.  It is a matter of doing some research and ask for referrals from other real estate investors at real estate investment clubs.
I would not prepay a loan with a 3.79 rate, with just a tiny bit of inflation that's nearly free money. I would always seek to first max out a tax deferred savings program before making investments that are not receiving preferential tax treatment. (outside of emergency money, which you say is already dealt with)  Especially since you effectively get an immediate return on the investment = to your marginal tax rate.  (or to look at it another way, it takes a much smaller amount of money 'out of pocket' in order to make the investment) Every thousand you could put into a tax deferred account now, is generally equivalent to putting in several times that amount 20 years from now. OTOH Once you've maxed out the tax deferred savings, or if you need to set aside money for large purchase with a big time horizon that is short of retirement age, then making regular monthly investments in a no-load index fund with a quality company is a great way to go as you will be taking advantage of Dollar Cost Averaging, and a good deal of diversity, which is a great way to put money into the market.  Just make sure you are investing in a fairly broad index, such as the S&P500 and not a little dinky 30 stock index like the Dow.
If so how to do it. Ask CIBC to open the new RRSP account, and ask CIBC to contact GWL to tell GWL to move your money from the GWL account into the CIBC account.
"Do not reinvent the wheel! Historical data about stock market returns and standard deviations suffer from number of issues such as past-filling and mostly survivorship bias -- that the current answers do not consider at all. I suggest to read the paper ""A Century of Global Stock Markets"" by Philippe Jorion (UC Irvine) and William Goetzmann (Yale), here. William Bernstein comments the results here, notice that rebalancing is sometimes a good option but not always, his non-obvious finding where the low SD did not favour from rebalancing:  Look at the final page of the paper,  ""geometric returns -- represent returns to a buy-and-hold strategy"" and the ""arithmetic averages -- give equal weight to each observation interval."", where you can find your asked ""historical effect of Rebalancing on Return and Standard Deviation"". The paper nicely summarizes the results to this table:  The results in the table are from the interval 1921-1996, it is not that long-time but even longer term data has its own drawbacks. The starting year 1921 is interesting choice because it is around the times of social-economical changes and depressing moments, historical context can be realized from books such as Grapes Of Wrath (short summary here, although fiction to some extent, it has some resonance to the history). The authors have had to ignore some years because of different reasons such as political unrest and wars.  Instead of delving into marketed spam as suggested by one reply, I would look into this search here. Look at the number of references and the related papers to judge their value.  P.s. I encourage people to attack my open question here, hope we can solve it!"
Clutch bags are designed for holding in your hands, but some clutch purse is made with several  chains or straps for carrying on your shoulder support such as regular shoulder bag. A handbag is a bag without handles, carried as a party bag and sometimes, if the style permits, carried and used as a day bag. Many online sites give the offer at the time of the festival and they can afford to offer much steeper discounts than a traditional store.
Because everyone is weighed down by student debt, that and people have been moving back to the city. I'd say there's also a lot of people that would rather spend their money on something else as well like travel and entertainment.
"You are presuming that after the transfer, the cash is still ""sitting in a Western Union register"" but no, that cash may have already been taken by the fraudster. To refund the victim, Western Union would have to (1) pay the victim back the amount of money lost, and then (2) pursue the fraudster to reclaim the lost funds. Because the fraudster at the other end can simply show ID to get the money [ie: they do not have an account with Western Union], the cost to pursue that person to reclaim the lost funds would be substantially higher than for your bank, because your bank can simply ding your account. In the event that your account goes into overdraft [because there were insufficient funds to reclaim the full amount], the bank at least has a framework in place to pursue you for penalties."
"I wouldn't call them favorable.  Edmunds report provides a very long repair list and in the last sentence concludes that Model S is ""hard to recommend"".  Consumer Reports provides a similar list of component failures, some of which likely caused significant inconvenience, even if they were covered by warranty; the review title says that Model S has ""more than its share of problems"".    Though both reviews emphasize the quality of Tesla service, they're a significant step down from glowing initial reviews of Model S."
a pension is an annuity, and GM is making cuts to the pensions...if you read the article it clears up any confusion, and while the OP editorialized the headline...i dont really give a fuck.  headlines are meant to grab your attention, get you to read articles you otherwise may not.  the only people this seems to upset or affect are the morons who just read headlines and nothing else.
If you are willing to visit Motor expo 2014 then fill the online registration form of visitors available on the website of Motor show Oman. If you are a first timer for this event then this is going to be a great experience for you and you will definitely like it.
Well, that's great.  Still doesn't change the fact that it's a joke.  By design it's capped at around 21 million units, that's not a currency - someone is making money off of it, and not by the value going up, but by trading it.  Likely algorithms - if it's not you, you're the fool.  It's a joke, no one takes it seriously.  Truck drivers are buying the shit telling people it's the best thing in the world.  Sound familiar?  1929?  2007?
Don't all of the major bitcoin processors limit the risk to basically zero for the large multinationals that choose to accept bitcoin? I haven't been involved recently, but I know when bitpay and coinbase were starting, whatever bitcoin you received was automatically transferred to USD at the current rate, unless you opted out and chose to keep the bitcoin.
"I can't speak authoritatively to your broader question about stocks in general, but in several years tracking AAPL closely, I can tell you that there's little apparent pattern to when their earnings call will be, or when it will be announced. What little I do know:  - AAPL's calls tend to occur on a Tuesday more than any other day of the week  - it's announced roughly a month in advance, but has been announced w/ less notice  - it has a definite range of dates in which it occurs, typically somewhere in the 3rd week of the new quarter plus or minus a few days More broadly for #1: Given the underlying nature of what an option is, then yes, the day an earnings call date is announced could certainly influence the IV/price of options - but only for options that expire inside the ""grey area"" (~2 weeks long) window in which the call could potentially occur.  Options expiring outside that grey area should experience little to no price change in reaction to the announcement of the date - unless the date was itself surprising, e.g. an earlier date would increase the premium on earlier dated options, a later date would increase the premium for later-dated options. As for #2: The exact date will probably always be a mystery, but the main factors are:  - the historical pattern of earnings call dates (and announcements of those dates) which you can look up for any given company  - when the company's quarter ends  - potentially some influence in how long it takes the company to close out their books for the quarter (some types of businesses would be faster than others)  - any special considerations for this particular quarter that affect reporting ability And finally:   - a surprise of an earnings call occurring (substantively) later than usual is rarely going to be a good sign for the underlying security, and the expectation of catastrophe - while cratering the underlying - may also cause a disproportionate rise in IVs/prices due to fear"
When you are placing an order with an online broker you should already know what exchange or exchanges that stock trades on. For example if you look up under Yahoo Finance: Notice how News Corp is traded both on the ASX and the Nasdaq. The difference is the shares traded on the ASX have the extension .AX, that is how you know the difference between them. When you are putting orders in with your online broker you will need to select the exchange you wish your order to go to (if your broker allows trading on multiple exchanges). So you should always know which exchange your order goes to.
"you know what is even more strange?  I also stumbled upon the fact that book called  ""The Wreck of the Titan: Or, Futility (1912)""  available in full text here:http://www.archive.org/details/wrecktitanorfut01robegoog  and discussed here:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Futility,_or_the_Wreck_of_the_Titan  is about  ""Futility, or the Wreck of the Titan is an 1898 novella written by Morgan Robertson. The story features the ocean liner Titan, which sinks in the North Atlantic after striking an iceberg. The Titan and its sinking have been noted to be very similar to the real-life passenger ship RMS Titanic, which sank fourteen years later.""  now THAT is strange!!"
Well that's because you're trying to apply the same rules that apply everyone else to government officials. Don't be silly.  On a serious note, I find this one of the most offensive abuses of power in America today. Insider trading has been illegal in various forms since 1933. It is an enormous conflict of interest. A government official has the ability to enrich themselves in an almost unlimited way from trading on insider information. I don't believe the average American even realizes this. How there can be any justification of this is beyond me. It is a crime. No question about it. So if stealing is illegal for the general public, how can it be ok for public officials?  And they wonder [public trust in government](http://www.people-press.org/2017/05/03/public-trust-in-government-1958-2017/) is at all-time lows.
In the EU, you might be looking for Directive 2000/35/EC (Late Payment Directive). There was a statutory rate, 7% above the European Central Bank main rate. However, this Directive was recently repealed by Directive 2011/7/EU, which sets the statutory rate at ECB + 8%. (Under EU regulations, Directives must be turned into laws by national governments, which often takes several months. So in some EU countries the local laws may still reflect the old Directive. Also, the UK doesn't participate in the Euro, and doesn't follow the ECB rate)
You can't blame businessmen for wanting to run their operations more efficiently.  As much as I dislike overseas call centers, and severely question their trade-off (low cost for low quality) - the cost benefits can save a business from going under; e.g. 100 man call center possible over there, 100 man call center locally not possible due to costs.   In many cases, the business is forced to use the less expensive option, both by necessity and common business sense. I'm not going to run the numbers, but after you add all the taxes and regulatory requirements; the difference is significant.   As for president; I dislike all career politicians, but would prefer someone with extensive business experience if I had to make a choice.   From a business stand point, was Romney successful with investing his money? It certainly seems so; now contrast that with Obama's own equity record of investing taxpayer money, and then check out all that red... ...and indictments ...and bare benefit.  Seems pretty obvious to me who has the worse record here.
The 'uber' rich because they take chances that others aren't willing to. They also are rich because they make products people like.   Take for instance Apple [or whatever smartphone/computer brand your so privileged to own] ,like them or not they make a great product (determined by the market). If the market didn't like it (Microsoft Zune) then it'll fail.   As for the risk aspect, starting a business takes a TON of risk, and only after much strife and hardships can a business have potential to reach great heights. You think starting Popeyes's was easy? You think franchising is easy? Absolutely not!  You sit there in your privileged high-horse saying the rich should pay because they make something you like and helped to succeed. It's like wanting something for free.   Buy phone -&gt; Others buy phone -&gt; Complain about the rich and vote for UBI -&gt; Get extra $ you wouldn't have gotten otherwise-&gt; Spend that extra $ on the next years phone
"Yep. You're single, you're possibly still a dependent on your parent's taxes (in lieu of rent), and you're finally bringing home bacon instead of bacon bits. Welcome to the working world. Let's say your gross salary is the U.S. median of $50,000. With bi-weekly checks (26 a year; common practice) you're getting $1923.08 per paycheck. In the 2013 ""Percentage Method"" tax tables, here's how your federal withholding is calculated as a single person paid biweekly: Federal taxes are computed piecewise; the amount up to A is taxed at X%, then the amount between A and B is taxed at Y%, so if you make $C, between A and B, the tax is (A*X) + (C-A)*Y. The amount A*X is included in the ""base amount"" for ease of calculation. Back to our example; let's say you're getting $1923.08 gross wages per check. That puts you in the 25% marginal bracket. You pay the sum of all lesser brackets (which is the ""base amount"" of the 25% bracket), plus the 25% marginal rate on every dollar that falls within the bracket. That's 191.95 + (1923.08 - 1479) * .25 = 191.95 + (444.08 * .25) = 191.95 + 111.02 = $302.97 per paycheck. The ""effective"" tax rate on the total amount, as if you were being charged a flat tax, is 15.75%, and this is just for the federal income tax. Add to this MA state income taxes (5.25% flat tax), FICA (aka Medicare; 1.45% flat) and SECA (aka Social Security; 6.2% up to a ""wage base"" that $50k doesn't even approach), and your effective tax rate on each dollar you earn is 15.75% + 5.25% + 1.45% + 6.2% = 28.65%. This doesn't include any state unemployment taxes that may be withheld separately, but as the rate I come up with is pretty darn close to what you've figured (meaning I slightly overestimated your gross income and thus your effective tax rate), my bet is that SUTA's either employer-paid in MA, or it's just part of MA state income tax. It gets better, at least at the federal level: The amount of your state income taxes is tax-deductible at the federal level if you itemize your deductions. That may not be a factor for you as you'd have to come up with more than $6,100 of other tax-deductible expenses to make itemizing the better option than taking the standard deduction (big-ticket items are mortgage expenses other than principal payments, hospital stays such as for childbirth or major accident, and state and local taxes such as sales, property and income). If you can claim yourself as a dependent (meaning your parents can't), then $150 of each check ($3,900 of your annual salary) is no longer taxed for federal withholding, lowering the amount of money taxed at the 25% marginal rate. You effectively save $37.50 biweekly ($975 annually) in taxes. Get married and file jointly, and your spouse, her personal exemption, and an extra standard deduction amount (if you don't itemize) go on your taxes. The tax rates for married couples filing jointly are also lower; they're currently calculated (or were in 2012) to be the same as if two equal earners were to file separately, so if your spouse doesn't work, your taxes on the single income are calculated at the rates you'd get if you earned half as much. It doesn't work out to half the taxes, but it is a significant ""marriage advantage"". Have kids, and each one is another little $3,900 tax write-off. It's nowhere near the cost of having or raising the child, but it helps, and having kids isn't about the money. Owning a home, making charitable deductions, having medical expenses, etc are a toss-up. The magic number in 2013 is $12,200 for a married couple, $6,100 for a single person. If your mortgage interest, insurance premiums, property taxes, medical expenditures, charitable donations, any contributions from your take-home pay to a tax-deferred savings account (typically these accounts are paid into by your employer as a ""pre-tax deduction"" and never show up as taxable income, but you could just as easily move money from your take-home pay into tax-deferred savings) and any other tax-deductible payments add up to more than 12 large, then itemize. If not, take your standard deduction. As a single taxpayer just starting out in life, you probably don't have any of these types of expenditures, certainly not enough to give up the SD. I did the math on my own taxes in 2012, and was surprised at how little the government actually gets of my paycheck when all's said and done. Remember back in the summer of 2012 when everyone was mad at Romney for making millions and only paying an effective income tax rate of 14%, which was compared to the middle class's marginal rate of 25-28%? Well, my family of 3, living on a little more than the median income from one earner (me), taking the married standard deduction, three personal exemptions, and a little extra for student loan interest, paid an effective federal income tax rate of something like 3.5%. Of course, the FICA and SS taxes don't allow any deductions (not even for retirement savings), so add in the 4.2% SS (in 2012) and 1.45% FICA and the full federal gimme was more like 9-10%."
"Both models understand that the value of a company is the sum total of all cashflows in the future, discounted back to the present. They vary in their definition of ""cash"". The Gordon Growth model uses dividends as a proxy for cashflow, under the assumption that this is the only true cash received by shareholders. (In theory, counting cash is meaningless if there's no eventual end-game where the accumulated cash is divvied up amongst the owners.) The Gordon model is best used to value companies that have an established, reliable dividend. The company should be stable, and the payout ratio high. GG will underestimate the value of firms that consistently maintain a low payout ratio, and instead accumulate cash. There are multiple DCF models. A firm valuation measures all cash available to both equity and debt holders. A traditional equity valuation measures all cash that can be claimed by shareholders. While the latter seems most intuitive and pertinent to a shareholder, the former is very good at showing what a company can do regardless of their choice of capital structure. A small add-on to a firm valuation is the concept of EVA, or economic value add, where the return on capital (all capital -- both debt and equity) is compared to the blended cost of capital. The DCF model is more flexible (optimistic?) than the Gordon in its approach to cash. The approach can be applied to many types of companies, at every stage in their maturity, even if they don't pay a dividend. A simplistic, or single-stage DCF is similar to the Gordon. The assumption is that the company is fully mature, growing at a rate perhaps just slightly above inflation, forever. For younger companies a multi-stage DCF can be employed, where you forecast fairly confident numbers for the next 3-5 years, then 3-5 years beyond that the forecast is less certain, but assumed to be slowing growth, and a generally maturing, stabilizing company. And then the steady-state stage is tacked on to the end. You'll want to check out Professor Aswath Damodaran's website: http://pages.stern.nyu.edu/~adamodar/ . He addresses all this and so much more, and has a big pile of spreadsheets freely downloadable to get you started. I also highly recommend his book ""Investment Valuation"". It's the bible on the topic."
"When you invest in a single index/security, you are completely exposed to the risk of that security. Diversification means spreading the investments so the losses on one side can be compensated by the gains on the other side. What you are talking about is one thing called ""risk apettite"", more formally known as Risk Tolerance: Risk tolerance is the degree of variability in investment returns that an investor is willing to withstand. (emphasis added) This means that you are willing to accept some losses in order to get a potential bigger return. Fidelity has this graph:  As you can see in the table above, the higher the risk tolerance, the bigger the difference between the best and worst values. That is the variability. The right-most pie can be one example of an agressive diversified portfolio. But this does not mean you should go and buy exactly that security compostion. High-risk means playing with fire. Unless you are a professional stuntman, playing with fire usually leaves people burnt. In a financial context this usually means the money is gone. Recommended Reading: Investopedia; Risk and Diversification: The Risk-Reward Tradeoff Investopedia; How to construct a High Risk portfolio Fidelity: Guide to Diversification KPMG: Understanding and articulating Risk Appetite (pdf)"
If cash donations are not deductable, stock contributions aren't either and I believe the same rules apply as for a private party.
"Yes, merchants are charged. Visa/Mastercards charge 1 to 2%, of which some part goes to the Visa/MC and the rest to the issuing bank (if you have an HDFC Bank Visa card, HDFC bank is the issuing bank. And yes, you can get a discount from the merchant - while it probably isn't allowed by Visa/MC, some merchants still provide discounts for cash. But you won't get it at places like supermarkets or large brand retail. Late fees + charges can be huge. In multiple ways - first, they all seem to charge a late fee of Rs. 300-500 nowadays, plus service tax of 10%. Then, you will pay interest from the bill date to the eventual payment date. And further, any new purchases you make will attract interest from the day they are made (no ""interest-free"" period). Interest rates in India on CCs are over 3% a month, so you really must get rid of any open balances. I've written a longish piece on this at http://in.finance.yahoo.com/news/The-good-bad-ugly-credit-yahoofinancein-2903990423.html"
Christos Vitsentzatos is a pragmatic and forward thinking lawyer. He represents small and medium sized businesses in the financial services, technology and sports and entertainment sectors. His legal career has seen him represent a diverse array of clients in many different roles. He has been an Assistant Crown Attorney for the Province of Ontario.
Most countries with income tax, including the USA, design their withholding system so that in straightforward cases, tax is withheld from each month's paycheck on an annualized basis: tax for a month is calculated on the assumption that you will keep earning the same monthly amount for the rest of the year, and the withholding is set so that the tax is spread evenly across the year. Another way of putting that is that in practice you only get the tax brackets allocated proportionately throughout the year - so up till the end of August you'll only have been assigned 8/12 of the $37450 bracket, and so on. So if your income doesn't change and your general tax affairs don't change, your paycheck also shouldn't change. If your income is irregular or changes during the year then things can get more complicated. As other answers have noted, withholdings are calculated according to tables that normally just take into account that specific month's income. There are various possible changes to your tax affairs that might cause the withholdings to change. For example there'd be an impact from any change in your contributions to tax advantaged things like health insurance or retirement, health or education savings. You might also use form W-4 to change your withholdings yourself. Note that even with a regular income that doesn't change through the year, you might find yourself either owing money or being owed a refund when you file your taxes after the end of the year. It's worth making sure that your W-4 accurately records the allowances you are entitled to, to minimize or eliminate this adjustment.
Generally, the answer is as follows:  If there is a legal obligation to pay cash flow (including the possibility of court determined restructuring), then it is debt.  If the asset owner is not guaranteed any cash flow,  but instead owns the *residual* cash flow from the operations of the business (I.e. the cash flow left-over), then it is equity.
"You're an idiot. There is no such thing as ""statistical heresy"". Picking any given stretch of time will create an assumption. The last year has had historically crazy low volatility, but if they were using a one year sample in mid-2009 it would be the most incredibly conservative VaR in history. On the other hand, using historical volatility from the past 50 years would make no sense either: does the stock market in 1985 look anything like today's? What about the liquidity of pretty much any derivatives market? There is no ""right"" way to measure VaR; any way you do it involves assumptions and tweaks that are entirely subjective.  Also, VaR can be over a variety of confidence intervals. 99% or 95% are standard, with 95% being more common because that's two standard deviations in a normal distribution. And hey! That's what they used."
Which to do is determined by how you like to consume cars. If you don't drive a lot and like to get a new car every 2-3 years, leasing is often the better choice. If you drive a lot or want to keep a car longer than 3 years, you're normally better buying.
"&gt;*Newly released Census data reveals nearly 110 million Americans – more than one-third of the country – are receiving government assistance of some kind.*  &gt;*The number counts people receiving what are known as “means-tested” federal benefits, or subsidies based on income. This includes welfare programs ranging from food stamps to subsidized housing to the program most commonly referred to as “welfare,” Temporary Assistance for Needy Families.*  &gt;*At the end of 2012, according to the stats, 51.5 million were on food stamps, while 83 million were collecting Medicaid – with some benefiting from multiple programs.*  &gt;*Though the programs were created to help those in need, some analysts worry that the way they’re designed is, increasingly, incentivizing people not to work. They note that when recipients combine several government assistance programs, in many cases they pay better than going to work.*  &gt;*The Cato Institute’s Michael Tanner said that in the eight most generous states, the benefits can be tantamount to a $20 minimum wage – which would exceed the $7.25 minimum wage in most states.*  &gt;*“So in many cases people could actually do better on welfare than they could in an entry level job,"" Tanner said.*  Cross-post from /r/MAConservative"
Really, the experiment shows that the more similarities you have with your partner, the longer you will last together. Audating Sites focus on that aspect and asks information about you so it can match you with an each other whose information is compatible with you. If you want to escapade with each other, then you can visit our website. Our website best dating sites for men and women are always about opposites attracting.
Nobody doubts that you can get a nicer TV or coffee maker for the money 35 years later - that's the upside of globalization - but what about housing, healthcare, and education? I don't really consider four-slice toasters when I think about what it takes to survive and prosper in the U.S. nowadays.
Not to be a jerk, since I'm learning about options myself, but I think you have a few things wrong about your tesla put postion.  First, assuming it was itm or atm within a week of strike it would maybe be worth $12-15, I glanced at the 11/10 put strikes ~325 trades for $12.65 https://www.barchart.com/stocks/quotes/TSLA/options?expiration=2017-11-10  The closer it gets to expiry theta decay reduces put value significantly, the 325's that expire tomorrow are only worth $2.60.   Expecting TSLA to drop from 325 to 50 a share by Jan has a .006% chance of occuring according to the current delta. It's a lottery ticket at best.  _____ Lastly the $50 price is the expected share price at the date of expiry. The price you pay is 57c for the options. So in order to get to your 494k number TSLA would need to decline $50 dollars to a price of 275 a share. You wouldn't want to buy 50 dollar puts, just the 275 puts, provided it declines very quickly.   EDIT: I was looking at the recent expiration to get an idea of atm or itm prices, since it's not like you would hold to expiration. Also the Jan has a 0.6% chance of hitting 50, not .006%. That said what I've noticed when things start to slide is that puts have a weird way of pricing themselves. For example when something gradually goes up all of the calls go up down the chain through time frames, but puts do not in the same fashion. Further out lower priced puts won't move nearly as much unless the company is basically headed for bankruptcy.
Buffet is in a different league from other value investors. He looks for stable companies with no debt and good management. Then he looks to deeply understand the industries of candidate companies, and looks for companies that are not in commodity businesses or sell commodities that can be bought for 25% of the valuation that he believes reflects the true value of the company. Deeply understanding the market is really the key.  Consider the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad, which Buffet purchased last year. Railroads benefit from higher oil prices, as they can transport cargo much cheaper than trucks. They also tend to have natural monopolies in the regions they operate in. Buffet bought the railroad just as production of oil and natural gas in North Dakota started picking up. Since pipeline capacity between North Dakota and refineries in Texas/Oklahoma is very limited, the railroad is making alot of money transporting crude.
You can upgrade to Microsoft Money Plus Sunset for free.  Also try PocketSense, a free software package which adds online-services features to Money Plus Sunset.
You appear to be thinking of option writers as if they were individuals with small, nondiversified, holdings and a particular view on what the underlying is going to do.  This is not the best way to think about them. Option writers are typically large institutions with large portfolios and that provide services in all sorts of different areas. At the same time as they are writing calls on a particular stock, they are writing puts on it and options on other stocks.  They are buying and selling the underlying and all kinds of different derivatives.  They are not necessarily writing the option because they are expecting or hoping to benefit from a price move.  It's just small part of their business.  They write the option if the option price is good enough that they think they are selling it for very slightly more than it's worth.   Asking why an option writer creates a call is like asking why a grocery store keeps buying groceries from their distributors.  Don't they know the price of food may not always rise?  Sure, but their business is selling the food for slightly more than they pay for it, not speculating on what will happen to its price.  Most option writers are doing the same thing, except what they are buying and selling is sets of cash flows and risk.   As a general rule, the business model of option writers is to profit from the few cents of spread or mispricing, not from aggregate changes in the price of the underlying.  They should and often do maintain balanced portfolios so their option writing activities don't expose them to a lot of risk. Also note that there could be lots of reasons for writing options, even if you do have a particular view.  For example, perhaps the option writer thinks volatility of the underlying will decrease.  Writing a call could be part of an overall strategy that profits from this view.
As someone who works for a company that deploys POS systems in Canada, I can tell you that your best bet would be to have a configuration option that lets the client decide what to do. If they have a business practice that would allow for a sale total to be $0.01 or $0.02, they should first evaluate their business practice.  If you're building a POS system to deploy in Canada, I'm sure you have access to resources (potential clients) who would already know how they would want to handle this. Ask them.
"Given the current low interest rates - let's assume 4% - this might be a viable option for a lot of people.  Let's also assume that your actual interest rate after figuring in tax considerations ends up at around 3%.  I think I am being pretty fair with the numbers. Now every dollar that you save each month based on the savings and invest with a higher net return of greater than 3% will in fact be ""free money"".  You are basically betting on your ability to invest over the 3%.  Even if using a conservative historical rate of return on the market you should net far better than 3%.  This money would be significant after 10 years.   Let's say you earn an average of 8% on your money over the 10 years.  Well you would have an extra $77K by doing interest only if you were paying on average of $500 a month towards interest on a conventional loan.  That is a pretty average house in the US.  Who doesn't want $77K (more than you would have compared to just principal).  So after 10 years you have the same amount in principal plus $77k given that you take all of the saved money and invest it at the constraints above. I would suggest that people take interest only if they are willing to diligently put away the money as they had a conventional loan.  Another scenario would be a wealthier home owner (that may be able to pay off house at any time) to reap the tax breaks and cheap money to invest. Pros: Cons: Sidenote:  If people ask how viable is this.  Well I have done this for 8 years.  I have earned an extra 110K.  I have smaller than $500 I put away each month since my house is about 30% owned but have earned almost 14% on average over the last 8 years.  My money gets put into an e-trade account automatically each month from there I funnel it into different funds (diversified by sector and region).  I literally spend a few minutes a month on this and I truly act like the money isn't there.  What is also nice is that the bank will account for about half of this as being a liquid asset when I have to renegotiate another loan."
"My opinion - this subreddit should be about discussing the industry. This venue should be for those already established in the field - those able and willing to contribute insightful perspectives and notions to the group. We should have dialogues on current events, case studies on previous events, how we were involved in said happenings, what our perspectives were etc. Even a place to share and critique write-ups on investment ideas.   For those that are ""dying to get into the field""..  For 90% of us, I can assure you, we were there. I sure as hell know I was. Finance, or at least investment banking, trading, etc. is one of, if not the most, competitive fields to enter into directly out of college. All of us had a lot of questions. All of us were worried and anxious. Those that succeeded, however, didn't spend time asking anonymous people on the internet if they had a shot. They went out, worked their asses off and did what they needed to do.  I'm 6 months into a full time investment banking gig in one of the most prestigious groups at perhaps the most highly regarded investment bank in the world. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't wonder how in the fucking fuck I got to be where I am at. But this shouldn't be the place to discuss it. There's so many other venues - r/financialcareers, wallstreetoasis, etc -  that cater to such concerns.   Though I don't post much (partly a side affect of working 120 hours a week) Reddit needs a place to discuss the happenings of the financial world. There are a lot of redditors that work in finance. The problem, however, is that there really isn't a place to discuss the field. At least for me, I tend to only visit the subreddit every now and then because I know it will be convoluted with career questions.  Make this subreddit a subreddit about what's happening in finance. Redirect posts about financial careers to the appropriate forum. It's that simple."
I spoke to HMRC and they said #1 is not allowable but #2 is. They suggested using either their published exchange rates or I could use another source. I suggested the Bank of England spot rates and that was deemed reasonable and allowable.
"Take a look at any king; they got to do what they wanted with the state money which pretty much always included attacking their enemies using their fortunes which look very much like ordinary people's taxes.    Don't like that?  How about the renaissance city-states.  They hired private armies -- the Swiss mainly -- who then decided which side had paid the most money, that side won.    Explicitly, There's also the Roman late republic, where private armies battled for just about a century, killing about 1/3 of the men.    Really, though, what does ""private army"" mean?  There are taxpayers and taxpayers.  Your security will have to be handled somehow.  Do you think calling something a ""fee"", perhaps, changes the fundamental nature of the payment?  Do you imagine that you can live outside of society, not pay the ""fee"" and somehow be safe?  Again, explicitly, how are you going to handle security?"
If you are a cosmetologist, you may have been in the situation of returning from a trip in love with a souvenir of beauty, exclusive moisturizing type or dream lipstick. With a wide selection of brands, Beauty products both facial and body treatment as exclusive makeup, you are sure to find what you are looking for.
But what about when he has to take his sick kid to the doctor?  Or the fact that Walmart is 5-10 miles away only if you take the freeway, which yo can't do on a bike so you've just added way MORE time and distance.  It's not as simple as buying a bike.
He's supposed to be grading him as a board member. I dont think that a board member's vote should be seen as a positive or negative when it comes time for their job review.   Edit: Guys, a board member is under no obligation to cast votes in public elections that are in the best interest of the company on which he boards. In fact, I would prefer board members who are autonomous citizens and have lives, values, and interests beyond the companies they board. For example, I would not discriminate against a board member of a bank who also supported Bernie Sanders.   Edit 2: People should not be discriminated against in the work place because of their politics, religion, gender, race, sexual orientation, etc. Frankly, Im alarmed that this tenant of democracy is being disputed. I dont want to live in a democracy where people have to have two sets of political beliefs. One they put forth to appease their employer and the other they keep secret.
8 am EDT happens when this comment is 5 hours and 51 minutes old.  You can find the live countdown here: https://countle.com/424159rwH  ---  I'm a bot, if you want to send feedback, please comment below or send a PM.
Such an offer has negative value, so it's hard to see how it would make sense to accept it. The offer has two components, one part that you gain and one part that you lose. The gain is that half your losses are covered. The cost is that half your profits are lost. For that to be a net benefit to you, you would have to expect that you will gain more from this than you will lose from it. That is, you must expect that the investment has negative value. But if you expect that the investment has negative value, why are you investing? This also doesn't really align incentives between the two parties. The person choosing the investment is not incurring opportunity cost (because they have no funds locked up) while you are. So they have an incentive to be conservative that you do not. For example, say I could make 1% in an ultra low risk CD. The person choosing the investments has an incentive to put me in something that he only expects to make around 0.5% (because he gets to keep half the profits and it costs him nothing). Whereas I'd rather just put the money in a CD (because I get to keep 1% instead just half of 0.5%).
The largest hurdle I see is producing enough electric, affordable, fully autonomous vehicles to make it economically viable. Tesla, Ford, GM, Uber, Google, and Apple are all working hard to get there because whoever does it first/best will make boatloads of money.
http://mobile.nytimes.com/blogs/economix/2014/04/02/the-many-classes-of-google-stock/ Are you counting both class A and other share classes?
Those are valid, but I think you will see banks move into fintech, as they already have, and they are also moving into blockchain. One thing that banks have, is money, and that allows them to move into new spaces in the economy even if they are late to the party. When you have institutions that have been around for more than a century, they don’t just go away.   I think you start to see trading revenue comeback, eventually. The passive versus active investing is a cycle. As more and more people jump into passive investments, it will inevitably change the market because suddenly everything becomes more correlated. Once there is enough volatility to scare people out of their passive investments, then the indices are going to fall. Then you’ll start seeing how active investing is better and people start to move back. Passive investing is good when everything is up, but on the downside active investing (if you have the right managers) will outperform. Once this occurs, you will start to see more volatility in the markets again, and a return to active management, until inevitably people start to move back to passive again.
"Question: Does a billion dollars make you 1,000 times more happy than a million dollars? Answer: It doesn't.  What counts is not the amount of money, but the subjective improvement that it makes to your life. And that improvement isn't linear, which is way the expected value of the inrease in your happiness / welfare / wellbeing is negative.  The picture changes if you consider that by buying a ticket you can tell yourself for one week ""next week I might be a billionaire"". What you actually pay for is not the expected value of the win, but one week of hope of becoming rich."
"&gt; company was incorporated, which makes it a public institution and that changes things.  People keep saying this, but it simply is not true.  No business is ever a ""public institution"".  Even publicly traded companies are still *privately owned*.  They are ""public"" only in the sense that they extend the opportunity to own a part of the company to the larger public.  Insfar as this is true, they incur certain responsibilities to be transparent in reporting their financials, for example.  But the idea that any private institution - corporation, church, parochical school, or small business ought to be forced to hire on the basis of someone else's idea of fairness is idiotic.  It's a fundamental matter of property rights.  Except in matters of fraud or force, I should be free to dispose of my property - say my business - in any way I wish, hiring, serving, or otherwise running that business as I see fit.  If it is OK to force private sector institutions to hire and serve people because the government says so, then by the same reasoning the government should be able to force you to invite certain classes of people to your dinner parties.  Even in the extreme cases of outright bigotry - say the KKK member that owns a business and hates blacks or the Muslim shop onwer that hates Jews - this should not be prevented.  However offensive I most of the rest of my fellow citizens find the Klackers or the nutjob Islamists, they too have rights and privileges under our system and they too should not have those rights removed to suit my sense of fair play."
Lower risk of having to fight to get their money back, obviously. That's what credit rating is supposed to predict. Paying your bills on time, and paying off the balance in full every month, are different questions. They want to know that you will make the minimum payments at least, and that you will eventually pay back the loan. Compare that with subprime and/or loan sharks, where the assumption is that being late or defaulting is more common, and interest rates are truly obscene in order to make a profit despite that.
sure, and I'm happy they're getting paid more... this is important work. people shouldn't have to scrape by just because it's not the most desirable career.   but saying that increase in cost won't affect an increase in price and that average people will be better able to afford higher construction costs is misleading.   just because construction workers have more money in their pockets, doesn't mean the average person will have more as well.
They have no standard of conduct, their review process is opaque and they are hostile to employers who ask for content to be reviewed.  Unless you threaten to sue they take no action against slander or libel.  We have had an unhappy employee flood the site with reviews using multiple fake emails, accuse an employee of a crime, etc and they did nothing but encourage us to buy their services.   We used to advertise jobs on their site - never again.  They are just as bad as Yelp.
At 22yo, unless you have a terminal illness, you have many years to earn and save a lot more that you will have in your 401k right now (unless you have already been extremely lucky in the market with your 401k investments). This means that even if you lost everything in your 401k right now, it probably wouldn't hurt you that much over the long term. The net present value of all your future savings should far exceed the net present value of your 401k, if you plan to earn and save responsibly. So take as much risk as you want with it right now. There is no real benefit to playing safe with investments at your age. If you were asking me how much risk should you be taking with a $10m inheritance and no income or much prospects of an income, then I'd be giving you a very different answer.
Not really on the corporate finance side, so excuse me if my explanation seems a bit verbose.  Nobody *wants* to give away control of their company, but investors are going to demand a pretty steep discount on your equity if you don't give them some way to steer management. Control is valuable, and to this extent, voting shares should always be worth *at least* as much as non-voting shares.  If the owner still retains 51% of the company, however, then the voting shares provide essentially no benefit over non-voting, barring the founder's sudden divestiture. With this in mind, there's basically no reason to issue voting shares in the first place.  On the other hand, with 40% of the voting power the founder's still have a key vote and will rarely be overturned unless a supermajority (84%) of the other investors disagree. This still gives them *de facto* control while offering equity holders some degree of security if the founders were ever to suddenly lose their mind. This added security allows the voting shares to trade at a premium over non-voting, which in turn allows the company to raise more money from their equity issuance.
Would it be worth legitimizing his business or is it too late at this point? To be blunt, you're asking if we recommend that he stop breaking the law. The answer is obviously yes, he should be declaring his income. And it would probably benefit him to get on the same page as his employer (or client) so they can both start obeying the law together. Once he's filed a tax return for 2016 that would certainly help his cause as far as a lender is concerned, and  as soon as he can provide some recent pay stubs (or paid invoices) he should be ready to move forward on the mortgage based on that additional income.
No man, don't you see? The MAN is making students become perpetual debt slaves! To become another cog in the machine! It's all by design. Didn't happen by accident. Martha Stewart's polishing brass on the Titanic.  It's all goin' down, man!
It will be super expensive and a complete failure. Everyone now wants their own streaming service and DON'T realize they are just trying to turn this into other more expensive form of cable. I already have to many apps as is for shows and movies I don't need other and don't care enough about Disney to pay for a app. Unless of course they put ALL there content and that includes Pixar flims then it could turn me around on the subject. But like you said it will most likely be limited runs on the good stuff like one or two a month and a shit ton of crap NO one wanted to watch to begin with.
The company may not permit a transfer of these options. If they do permit it, you simply give him the money and he has them issue the options in your name.  As a non-public company, they may have a condition where an exiting employee has to buy the shares or let them expire.  If non-employees are allowed to own shares, you give him the money to exercise the options and he takes possession of the stock and transfers it to you.  Either way, it seems you really need a lawyer to handle this. Whenever this kind of money is in motion, get a lawyer.  By the way, the options are his. You mean he must purchase the shares, correct?
"With a ""normal"" CD you can't, but some banks do seem to offer CDs where you can.  For instance the ""variable-rate CD"" at USAA allows ongoing deposits.  I also found a United Bank ""saver CD"" which requires you to set up automatic monthly deposits.  You would have to check each individual bank's CD offerings to see if they have such a product. However, if you make ongoing deposits to it, a CD becomes less distinguishable from a savings account.  Even if a given bank does offer a ""depositable"" CD, you might conceivably be able to find a higher rate on a plain savings account at another bank (especially an online bank offering high savings account rates).  For instance, the USAA CD I mentioned above has an APY of 0.46%, but the high yield savings accounts on this NerdWallet list have higher APYs than that.  So even if you can find the kind of CD you describe, it might be better to just use a savings account anyway."
This is my biggest frustration with MS. They are constantly changing the interfaces for windows and office - possibly passing the test for being a simple experience for common activities. But they always seem to disregard the existing user actions people are used to, and making more complex tasks extremely cumbersome vs before.  They just don't get it when it comes to UI.
Financial modeling training - if you ever have any interest in private equity, investment banking, leveraged lending, equity analysis, corporate finance roles, FP&amp;A, or commercial banking in general, you will need to confidently work with three statement financial models.  There's lots of good resources out there. Some cost more than others.
The set of circumstances that 401k loans make sense, are very small.  As you would expect yours is not one of them.   You make 70K per year and need 6500.  Interest rate is not your problem, budgeting is the problem.  Pay this off in three months not the 48 you are proposing. Why is borrowing from your 401K a bad idea, especially in this case? Look, been there done that, been the over spender.  The sooner that you learn how to handle your money the better.  I was in my 40s when I learned, if you can do this now you can be really wealthy by the time you get to be my age. Dream a bit.  How much margin would you have in your life if you were able to pay this off in 3 months?  How much better would your life be?  Go forth and do great things.  I believe in you.
If the thought of learning math strikes fear into the heart of your otherwise bright young student, you can decrease your child’s apprehension by teaching him or her that math concepts can actually be a lot of fun to learn and apply.
"You can hire a good CPA for a really low price.  They can advise you on how to do exactly what you said and many other aspects of your business.  Mine does this as a courtesy with the filing of my taxes.  And the filing of my taxes is not all that much.  It is great value for the money. Recently I had to make a decision that is a potential audit situation and can go badly if not properly documented.  It was not hard to document (with the CPA's help), but now that it is so I don't lose mental energy on if I am going to get ""caught"" by the IRS.  Let them come, I have the necessary documentation. Beyond the IRS, I really like the documentation that you are trying to put behind this loan.  Having this in writing helps smooth this potentially bad situation between you and the BIL.  I would go above and beyond writing conditions and contingencies down in order to keep this relationship happy.  With these kinds of things, cover the applicable 5 ""Ds"" of partnership agreements: However, I would add another:  Boom.  What happens if your business takes off?  Perhaps there should be a clause to retire the loan prior to you expanding beyond a certain level. Please understand I am not suggesting that any of these bad things are going to happen to you (except the Boom, I really hope that happens to you), but it is a way to communicate contingent actions if one of the risks of small business materializes.  Having agreements ahead of time helps avoid crisis."
If you are trading CFDs, which are usually traded on margin, you will usually be charged an overnight financing fee for long positions held overnight and you will receive an overnight financing credit for short positions held overnight. Most CFD brokers will have their overnight financing rates set at + or - 2.5% or 3% from the country's official interest rates. So if your country's official interest rate is 5% and your broker uses + or - 2.5%, you will get a 2.5% credit for any short positions held overnight and pay 7.5% fee for any long positions held overnight. In Australia the official interest rate is 2.5%, so I get 0% for short positions and pay 5% for long positions held overnight. If you are looking to hold positions open long term (especially long positions) you might think twice before using CFDs to trade as you may end up paying quite a bit in interest over a long period of time. These financing fees are charged because you are borrowing the funds to open your positions, If you buy shares directly you would not be charged such overnight financing fees.
Dollar cost averaging can be done in a retirement plan, and can be done for individual stock purchases, as this will increase your returns by reducing your risk, especially if you are buying a particular stock for the first time.   How many time have I purchased a stock, bottom fishing, thinking I was buying at the low, only to find out there was a new low.  Sitting with a thousand shares that are now down $3-$4K.  I have a choice to sell at a loss, hold what I've got or double down.  I usually add more shares if I'm thinking I'll recover, but at that time I'd wished I'd eased into my investment.  That way I would have owned more shares at a smaller cost basis.   Anything can happen in the market, not knowing whether the price will increase or decrease.  In the example above a $3,000 loss is equal to the brokerage cost of about 300 trades, so trading cost should not be a factor.  Now I'm not saying to slowly get into the market and miss the bull, like we're having today with Trump, but get into individual stocks slowly, being fully invested in the market.   Also DCA means you do not buy equal number of shares per period, say monthly, but that you buy with the same amount of money a different number of shares, reducing your total costs.  Let's say you spend $2000 on a stock trading at $10 (200 shares), if the stock rose to $20 you would spend $2000 and buy 100 shares, and if the stock dropped to $5 you would spend $2000 and buy 400 shares, by now having amassed 700 shares for $6,000.  On the other hand and in contrast to DCA had you purchased 200 shares for $2000 at $10/share, then 200 shares for $4000 at $20/share, and finally 200 more shares for $1000 at $5/share, you would have amassed only 600 shares for $7000 investment.
&gt; General Motors Co will cut nearly a quarter of its U.S. pension obligation by transferring the management of its pension plans for 118,000 white-collar retirees to a third party and offering lump-sum buyouts. The two moves unveiled on Friday will cut $26 billion from the automaker's massive U.S. pension liability of nearly $109 billion.   It's almost like the OP didn't read the story.
It's two things. One, hg Tv is reality television... It isn't real, never has been, never will be. It sells the 80s American dream.   Two, cost of living and relative wage varies across regions. E. G. The big mac effect.  Bigger question, in my opinion, is why do we care? I'm not a hippy, check my history, but my wife and I very recently downsized, with kids on the way. And it's fine. We went for a smaller home in a safer area with better schools. Couldn't be happier.
Budget means both expenses and revenue. In quite a few cases, say personal finance, typically one refers to budget more from expenses point of view as the revenue is typically fixed/known [mostly salary].   The Operating budget and capital budget are laid out separately as Operating budget gives out day to day expenses that are typically essential, employee salaries, routine maintenance of infrastructure etc. The revenue is also tied in to match this. These are done within the same year. Where as capital budget is to build new infrastructure say a new bridge or other major expense that are done over period of years. The revenues to this are typically tied up differently and can even be linked to getting more funding from other agencies or loans.
Whey protein, coffee, skills, skills, skills did I mention skills?  Learn useful things and no debt.  As for actual investment vehicles.. I have bad views of what is going to happen of the next 10 years.. I doubt you'll be allowed to own anything you invested in....
Once the business is shut down, you'll need to show that the corporation is in bankruptcy and the amounts are unrecoverable. You can then report it as investment loss. I suggest talking to a tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State), and maybe an attorney, on what the specific technical details are.
So you wouldn't really be using the IRA money for building the house, but for padding your savings? I would just leave the money in the IRA. Don't take it out just in the off-chance you need it, especially when you already have money in savings. If you want to replenish your savings do it by putting some of your income in there.
Could you not open an additional checking account using both of your names? Of course, this additional account will technically also be yours, but if he's the only one placing money into it, then he's not spending your money from your existing checking account. I'd recommend going to bank of america, letting them know you have an existing checking account and stating that you'd like to open a second checking account.  I don't see any problem with this, do you?
&gt; Food delivery has limited success for luxury or novelty food items (e.g., fruit baskets, steaks, coffee, snack food, etc.), but for general eating/family eating, it's not an everyday food shopping need.  In the UK, all of the non-low end chains have food delivery where they delivery everything (usually better selections than the large shops) to your door. I used to live 5-6 minutes away from the shop, and I still did food delivery for perhaps £2-3. If your average store can do delivery, then surely Amazon can beat them at the same game.
It sounds like you're drastically oversimplifying basic business economics, and implying that any company is just as well off breaking even (zero profit) as it is with turning a big profit. This is blatantly incorrect and naive. For one thing, it is certainly be easier to justify expansion or attract new investments if your company is profitable.
As long as you can get a cash advance on the credit card if you need it, then you're not putting the money beyond use if you use it to pay down card debt, you're just putting it where it gets the best rate of return.
"If the ""crash"" you worry about is a dissolution of the euro, then the main thing you should concern yourself with is liquidity.  For that, purchase the most highly liquid gold ETF or futures contract, whichever is more appropriate for the total amount of money involved.  Any other way and you will lose a significant chunk of your assets to transaction costs. If, on the other hand, the ""crash"" you were concerned about were the total collapse of the world economy, and people around the world abandon all paper currencies and resort to barter as a method of trade, then I can see buying several small pieces being a rational strategy, although then I would also question whether you were a sane individual."
It's called economics, buddy. Supply and demand. That's why IT wages are a lot higher than those in, say, the textile industry. Won't bother explaining it because I think you already understand this but just don't like it.
From my limited experience, having taken a class on Bankruptcy in order to become a paralegal, Chapter 11 is the portion of the Bankruptcy Code that allows certain corporate entities to reorganize. Basically, the entity files for bankruptcy protection to halt credit collections or any number of reasons, and then work with the courts to get out. If the entity can put together a reasonable sounding restructuring plan, the court may allow them to do it. A restructuring plan essentially is a plan of who to pay back, when, and by what means (this is seriously a simple explanation, it's much more complex than this). So if the Court approves the plan, the entity will attempt to carry it out and come out of bankruptcy several years down the road in a more solvent position. If the Court rejects the plan or the plan fails, then the entity has to then engage in Chapter 7 proceedings (selling assets to pay off debts).
&gt; Are you saying that OP was just unlucky because he didn't realize that forex wasn't covered under SIPC?  Pretty much.  Opening an investing account has tons of T&amp;C.  You're not going to read every single bit of it.
Hey man, take my upvote. God forbid a fast food restaurant tries to provide somewhat healthy and fresh options at the small risk of one or two of 2,250 stores having a limited outbreak! I guess if you're an investor it's a good time to buy some stock. It's crazy to me. ONE store out of over two thousand has an issue and the stock drops?!
It's really hard to explain until you've been inside one. There's one here in San Jose and it was a magical experience. Shit you not. In other bookstores you'll be lucky to find a recommended book section, and even rarer to find some kind of context about why the book is good (say a blurb or review). All the books in the front have a blurb from Amazon reviews and average star rating. At another end of the store there are recommendations based on other popular books.   It's as if Amazon made a bookstore for people who actually like reading books.
Reports -> I&E -> Cash Flow Select the Mutual Fund account only.
"It can be pretty hard to compute the right number. What you need to know for your actual return is called the dollar-weighted return. This is the Internal Rate of Return (IRR) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internal_rate_of_return computed for your actual cash flows. So if you add $100 per month or whatever, that has to be factored in. If you have a separate account then hopefully your investment manager is computing this. If you just have mutual funds at a brokerage or fund company, computing it may be a bunch of manual labor, unless the brokerage does it for you. A site like Morningstar will show a couple of return numbers on say an S&P500 index fund. The first is ""time weighted"" and is just the raw return if you invested all money at time A and took it all out at time B. They also show ""investor return"" which is the average dollar-weighted return for everyone who invested in the fund; so if people sold the fund during a market crash, that would lower the investor return. This investor return shows actual returns for the average person, which makes it more relevant in one way (these were returns people actually received) but less relevant in another (the return is often lower because people are on average doing dumb stuff, such as selling at market bottoms). You could compare yourself to the time-weighted return to see how you did vs. if you'd bought and held with a big lump sum. And you can compare yourself to the investor return to see how you did vs. actual irrational people. .02, it isn't clear that either comparison matters so much; after all, the idea is to make adequate returns to meet your goals with minimum risk of not meeting your goals. You can't spend ""beating the market"" (or ""matching the market"" or anything else benchmarked to the market) in retirement, you can only spend cash. So beating a terrible market return won't make you feel better, and beating a great market return isn't necessary. I think it's bad that many investment books and advisors frame things in terms of a market benchmark. (Market benchmarks have their uses, such as exposing index-hugging active managers that aren't earning their fees, but to me it's easy to get mixed up and think the market benchmark is ""the point"" - I feel ""the point"" is to achieve your financial goals.)"
It is all a balancing act. You must pay them a respectable wage. You must treat them with respect. They in turn must perform their duties as good as or better than expected of them. If either party doesn't fulfill their half of the deal then it would be expected that they part ways if the issue can not be fixed
"Checks sold as ""business checks"" are larger than checks sold as ""personal checks"". Personal checks are usually 6"" x 2 1/2"" while business checks are 8 1/2 "" x 3 to 4 "". Also, business checks typically have a tear-off stub where you can write who the check was made out to and what it was for. In this computer age that seems pretty obsolete to me, I enter the check into the computer, not write it on a stub, but I suppose there are still very small businesses out there that doesn't use a computerized record-keeping system. These days business checks are often printed on 8 1/2 by 11"" paper -- either one per sheet with a big tear-off or 3 per sheet with no tear off -- so you can feed them through a computer printer easily. Nothing requires you to use ""business checks"" for a business account. At least, I've always used personal checks for my business account with no problem. These days I make almost all payments electronically, I think I write like one paper check a year, so it's become a trivial issue. Oh, and I've never had any problem getting a check printer to put my business name on the checks or anything like that."
Newsvine - Springhill Group Counselling http://reispetee.newsvine.com/_news/2011/12/01/9152392-springhill-group-counselling  Springhill Group Counsellingbelieves it is significant that each of us needs to understand what counselling and psychotherapy is about and what they should anticipate from the procedure of therapy. Nurturing knowledge among community is a significant purpose for every organization.This website has been aims to help people find out more about counselling and psychotherapy, especially those who are considering therapy as an option for themselves or someone else, or for clients who are already involved in therapy. #news #springhill group #springhill #group #counselling reblog  kasperkleinz: Springhill Group Counselling http://inthenews.springhillgroupcounselling.com/  Springhill Group Counselling believes it is significant that each of us needs to understand what counselling and psychotherapy is about and what they should anticipate from the procedure of therapy. Nurturing knowledge among community is a significant purpose for every organization. This website has been aims to help people find out more about counselling #news #springhill group #counselling #group #springhill reblog  kasperkleinz: Springhill Group Counselling http://springhillgroupcounselling.com  Springhill Group Counselling believes it is significant that each of us needs to understand what counselling and psychotherapy is about and what they should anticipate from the procedure of therapy. Nurturing knowledge among community is a significant purpose for every organization. This website has been aims to help people find out more about counselling and psychotherapy, especially those who are considering therapy as an option for themselves or someone else, or for clients who are already involved in therapy. #news #springhill group #springhill #group #counselling #business reblog  hiacytkant: Springhill Group Counselling Springhill Group Counselling believes it is significant that each of us needs to understand what counselling and psychotherapy is about and what they should anticipate from the procedure of therapy. Nurturing knowledge among community is a significant purpose for every organization. This website has been aims to help people find out more about counselling #Springhil Group Counselling news #springhill #group #counselling #news reblog  blazecyryl: In The News - Springhill Group Counselling By Gail Hollenbeck, Times Correspondent In Print: Saturday, November 26, 2011 Print Email Post Republish Story Tools Comments (0) Contact the editor Email Newsletters Social Bookmarking ShareThis ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Featured Syracuse Fires Assistant Basketball Coach Fine Bucs blow late lead, lose 23-17 to Titans Rewind: Admiral Farragut heads to state semis Armwood 23, Hillsborough 0 Pasco
I feel like the economics based on slave labor should have a name but I can't think of one.  It's not really capitalist because that would require a voluntary trade and slave labor is not voluntary.  But in economic theory slavery can be powerful.  The Nazi's really surprised the allied planners with how effective their use of slave labor really was.
"The market capitalization of a stock is the number of shares outstanding (of each stock class), times the price of last trade (of each stock class). In a liquid market (where there are lots of buyers and sellers at all price points), this represents the price that is between what people are bidding for the stock and what people are asking for the stock.  If you offer any small amount more than the last price, there will be a seller, and if you ask any small amount less than the last price, there will be a buyer, at least for a small amount of stock. Thus, in a liquid market, everyone who owns the stock doesn't want to sell at least some of their stock for a bit less than the last trade price, and everyone who doesn't have the stock doesn't want to buy some of the stock for a bit more than the last trade price. With those assumptions, and a low-friction trading environment, we can say that the last trade value is a good midpoint of what people think one share is worth.  If we then multiply it by the number of shares, we get an approximation of what the company is worth. In no way, shape or form does it not mean that there is 32 billion more invested in the company, or even used to purchase stock. There are situations where a 32 billion market cap swing could mean 32 billion more money was invested in the company: the company issues a pile of new shares, and takes in the resulting money.  People are completely neutral about this gathering in of cash in exchange for dilluting shares.  So the share price remains unchanged, the company gains 32 billion dollars, and there are now more shares outstanding. Now, in some sense, there is zero dollars currently invested in a stock; when you buy a stock, you no longer have the money, and the money goes to the person who no longer has the stock. The issue here is the use of the continuous tense of ""invested in""; the investment was made at some point, but the money doesn't really stay in this continuous state of being.  Unless you consider the investment liquid, and the option to take money out being implicit, it being a continuous action doesn't make much sense. Sometimes the money is invested in the company, when the company causes stocks to come into being and sells them. The owners of stocks has invested money in stocks in that they spent that money to buy the stocks, but the total sum of money ever spent on stocks for a given company is not really a useful value. The market capitalization is an approximation, which under the efficient market hypothesis (that markets find the correct price for things nearly instantly) is reasonably accurate, of the value the company has collectively to its shareholders.  The efficient market hypothesis isn't accurate, but it is an acceptable rule of thumb. Now, this value -- market capitalization -- is arguably not the total value of a company: other stakeholders include bond holders, labour, management, various contract counter-parties, government and customers.  Some companies are structured so that almost all value is captured not by the stock owners, but by contract counter-parties (this is sometimes used for hiding assets or debts). But for most large publically traded companies, it (in theory) shouldn't be far off."
"In your case, I believe the answer is that you don't owe any taxes, if your deductions exceed your income. There is something called the Alternate Minimum Tax to catch ""rich"" people, who claim ""too many"" deductions. Basically, it taxes their ""gross"" income at a lower rate, but allows them no deductions if they make $175,000 or more. You are not in that tax ""bracket."""
"For the purposes of report generation, I would recommend that you present the data in the currency of the user's home country. You could present another indicator, if needed, to indicate that a specific transaction was denominated in a foreign currency, where the amount represents the value of the foreign-denominated transaction in the user's home country Currency. For example: Airfare from USA to London: $1,000.00 Taxi from airport to hotel: $100.00 (in £) In terms of your database design, I would recommend not storing the data in any one denomination or reference currency. This would require you to do many more conversions between currencies that is likely to be necessary, and will create additional complexity where in some cases, you will need to do multiple conversions per transaction in and out of your reference currency. I think it will be easier for you to store multiple currencies as themselves, and not in a separate reference currency. I would recommend storing several pieces of information separately for each transaction: This way, you can create a calculated Amount for each transaction that is not in the user's ""home"" currency, whereas you would need to calculate this for all transactions if you used a universal reference currency. You could also get data from an external source if the user has forgotten the conversion rate. Remember that there are always fees and variations in the exchange rate that a user will get for their home country's currency, even if they change money at the same place at two different times on the same day. As a result, I would recommend building in a simple form that allows a user to enter how much they exchanged and how much they got back to calculate the exchange rate. So for example, let's say I have $ 200.00 USD and I exchanged $ 100.00 USD for £ 60.00, and there was a £ 3.00 fee for the exchange. The exchange rate would be 0.6, and when the user enters a currency conversion, your site could create three separate transactions such as: USD Converted to £: $100.00 £ Received from Exchange: £ 60.00 Exchange Fee: £ 3.00 So if the user exchanged currency and then ran a balance report by Currency, you could either show them that they now have $ 100.00 USD and £ 57.00, or you could alternatively choose to show the £ 57.00 that they have as $95.00 USD instead. If you were showing them a transaction report, you could also show the fee denominated in dollars as well. I would recommend storing your balances and transactions in their own currencies, as you will run into some very interesting problems otherwise. For example, let's say you used a reference currency tied to the dollar. So one day I exchange $ 100.00 USD for £ 60.00. In this system I would still have 100 of my reference currency. However, if the next day, the exchange rate falls and $ 1.00 USD is only worth £ 0.55, and I change my £ 60.00 back into USD, I will get approxiamately $ 109.09 USD back for my £ 60.00. If I then go and buy something for $ 100.00 USD, the balance of the reference currency would be at 0, but I will still have $ 9.09 USD in my pocket as a result of the fluctuating currency values! That is why I'd recommend storing currencies as themselves, and only showing them in another currency for convenience using calculations done ""on the fly"" at report runtime. Best of luck with your site!"
There are API libraries available to various banks in various programming languages. For example, in Perl there are many libraries in the Finance::Bank:: namespace. Some of these use screen-scraping libraries and talk to the GUI underneath, so they are vulnerable to any changes the bank makes to their interface, but some of the better banks do seem to provide back-end interfaces, which can then be used directly. In either case, you should still be sure that the transactions are secure. Some bank sites have appallingly bad security. :( A good place to start is to call your bank and ask if they offer any programming APIs for accessing their back end.
Can we just focus on one? Can you explain the NBA?  I'm curious why it's ok to suggest that blacks have darker skin, but not they're stronger or more athletic? They're both physical traits. Who cares if it's true or not true? You'll never uncover the right answer if you go in wanting the answer to be a certain way.
tl;dr: when everything is going great, it's not really a problem. It's when things change that it's a problem. Finally, home loans are extended over extremely long periods (i.e. 15 or 30 years), making any fluctuations in their value short-lived - even less reason to be obsessed over their current value relative to the loan. Your post is based on the assumption that you never move. In that case, you are correct - being underwater on a mortgage is not a problem. The market value of your house matters little, except if you sell it or it gets reassessed. The primary problem arises if you want to sell. There are a variety of reasons you might be required to move: In all of these scenarios it is a major problem if you cannot sell. Your options generally are: In the first option, you will destroy your credit. This may or may not be a problem. The second is a major inconvenience. The third is ideal, but often people in this situation have money related problems. Student loans can deferred if needed. Mortgages cannot. A car is more likely to be a lower payment as well as a lower amount underwater. Generally, the problem comes when people buy a mortgage assuming certain things - whether that's appreciation, income stability/growth, etc. When these change they run into these problems and that is exactly a moment where being underwater is a problem.
In Addition to @JoeTaxpayer's answer, in the UK credit cards offer additional protection than if you were to pay by debit card. This includes (but is not limited to) getting your money back if the company you've bought something from goes bust before your order is complete.
Rating agencies should be paid on accuracy, i.e. each bond issued pays x $ into a pool, and the bond companies whom are accurate over the maturity get a share of the pool.  Those whom are not, must add money to the pool. (Like an accuracy market!)
But it also can't be 1.46%, because that would imply that a 30Y US Treasury bond only yields 2.78%, which is nonsensically low. The rates are displayed as of Today. As the footnote suggests these are to be read with Maturities. A Treasury with 1 year Maturity is at 1.162% and a Treasury with 30Y Maturity is at 2.78%. Generally Bonds with longer maturity terms give better yields than bonds of shorter duration. This indicates the belief that in long term the outlook is positive.
"Life insurance may be tax-privileged under certain circumstances. The intent must be to buy an annuity, at retirement age. Unlike ""banksparen"", you must consider what happens if you die early."
Investopedia states: While early exercise is generally not advisable, because the time   value inherent in the option premium is lost upon doing so, there are   certain circumstances under which early exercise may be advantageous.   For example, an investor may choose to exercise a call option that is   deeply in-the-money (such an option will have negligible time value)   just before the ex-dividend date of the underlying stock. This will   enable the investor to capture the dividend paid by the underlying   stock, which should more than offset the marginal time value lost due   to early exercise. So the question is how well do you see the time value factor here?
I actually did this once. I wrote a large check along with a letter indicating that I would not be around to receive the next bill so I was prepaying. Not only did they credit the entire check, they didn't send that bill and listed the charges on the next month's bill. They must have done that by hand because there's no way the machines would have understood.
Blame Bernanke, blame 98% of congress- but don't leave out the democrats as your article does, blame the president, blame the schools, blame others &amp; blame yourself. All of this could be averted if people spent one day a year not watching TV but discussing topics with people.   We should not be scared to place blame, but only if it is well thought out and rational.
In almost every circumstance high expense ratios are a bad idea. I would say every circumstance, but I don't want backlash from anyone. There are many other investment companies out there that offer mutual funds for FAR less than 1.5% ratio. I couldn't even imagine paying a 1% expense ratio for a mutual fund.  Vanguard offers mutual funds that are significantly lower, on average, than the industry. Certainly MUCH lower than 1.5%, but then again I'm not sure what mutual funds you have, stock, bonds, etc.  Here is a list of all Vanguard's mutual funds. I honestly like the company a lot, many people haven't heard of them because they don't spend nearly as much money on advertisements or a flashy website - but they have extremely low expense ratios. You can buy into many of their mutual funds with a 0.10%-0.20% expense ratio. Some are higher, but certainly not even close to 1.5%. I don't believe any of them are even half of that. Also, if you were referring to ETF's when you mentioned Index Fund (assuming that since you have ETFs in your tag), then 0.20% for ETF's is steep, check out some identical ETFs on Vanguard. I am not a Vanguard employee soliciting their service to you. I'm just trying to pass on good information to another investor. I believe you can buy vanguard funds through other investment companies, like Fidelity, for a good price, but I prefer to go through them.
"I think your question might be coming from a misunderstanding of how corporate structures work - specifically, that a corporation is a legal entity (sort of like a person) that can have its own assets and debts. To make it clear, let's look at your example. We have two founders, Albert and Brian, and they start a corporation called CorpTech. When they start the company, it has no assets - just like you would if you owned nothing and had no bank account. In order to do anything, CorpTech is going to need some money. So Albert and Brian give it some. They can give it as much as they want - they can give it property if they want, too. Usually, people don't just put money into a corporation without some sort of agreement in place, though. In most cases, the agreement says something like ""Each member will own a fraction of the company that is in proportion to this initial investment."" The way that is done varies depending on the type of corporation, but in general, if Albert ends up owning 75% and Brian ends up owning 25%, then they probably valued their contributions at 75% and 25% of the total value. These contributions don't have to be money or property, though. They could just be general ""know-how,"" or ""connections,"" or ""an expectation that they will do some work."" The important thing is that they agree on the value of these contributions and assign ownership of the company according to that agreement. If they don't have an agreement, then the laws of the state that the company is registered in will say how the ownership is assigned. Now, what ""ownership"" means can be different depending on the context. When it comes to decision-making, you could ""own"" one percentage of the company in terms of votes, but when it comes to shares of future profits, you could own a different amount. This is why you can have voting and non-voting versions of a company's stock, for example. So this is a critical point - the ownership of a company is independent of the individual contributions to the company. The next part of your question is related to this: what happens when CorpTech sees an opportunity to make an investment? If it has enough cash on hand (because of the initial investment, or through financing, or reinvested profits), then the decision to make the investment is made according to Albert and Brian's ownership agreement, and they spend it. The money doesn't belong to them individually anymore, it belongs to CorpTech, and so CorpTech is spending it. They are just making the decision for CorpTech to spend it. This is why people say the owners are not financially liable beyond their initial investment. If the deal is bad, and they lose the money, the most they can lose is what they initially put in. On the other hand, if CorpTech doesn't have the money, then they have to figure out a way to get it. They might decide to each put in an amount in proportion to their ownership, so that their stake doesn't change. Or, Albert might agree to finance the deal 100% in exchange for a larger share of ownership. Or, he could agree to fund all of it without a larger stake, because Brian is the one who set the deal up. Or, they might take out a loan, and not need to invest any new money. Or, they might find an investor who agrees to put in the needed money in exchange for a a 51% share, in which case Albert and Brian will have to figure out how to split the remaining 49% if they agree to the deal. The details of how all of this would work depend on the structure (LLC, LLP, C-corp, S-corp, etc), but in general, the idea is that the company has assets and debts, and the owners can have voting rights, equity rights, and rights to future profits in any type of split that they want, regardless of what the companies assets and debts are, or what their initial investment was."
"There are several ways you can get out of paying your student loans back in the USA: You become disabled and the loan is dismissed once verified by treating doctor or the Social Security Administration. You become a peace officer. You become a teacher; generally K-12, but I have heard from the DOE that teachers at state schools qualify as well. So the ""malicious"" friend B is prescribing to the theory that if one of those conditions becomes true, friend A will not have to pay back the loan. The longer you drag it out, the more chance you have to fulfill a condition. Given that 2 of these methods require a commitment, my guess is that they are thinking more along the lines of the first one, which is horrible. Financially, it makes no sense to delay paying back your loans because deferred loans are only interest-free until you graduate and are past your grace period, after which they will begin accruing interest. Unsubsidized loans accrue interest from the day you get them, only their payback is deferred until you graduate and exhaust your grace period. Anytime you ask for forbearance, you are still accruing interest and it is capitalizing into your principal — you are just given a chance to delay payback due to financial hardship, bad health, or loss of job. Therefore, at no point are you benefiting beyond the time you are in school and getting an education, still looking for a job, or dealing with health issues. In the current market, no CD, no savings account, and no investment will give you substantially more return that will offset the loss of the interest you are accruing. Even those of us in the old days getting 4.X % rates would not do this. There was a conditional consolidation offer the DOE allowed which could bring all your loans under one roof for a competitive 5.x-6.x % rate allowing you a single payment, but even then you would benefit if you had rates that were substantially higher. From a credit worthiness aspect, you are hurt by the outstanding obligation and any default along the way, so you really want to avoid that — paying off or down your loans are a good way to ensure you don't shoot yourself in the foot."
I would recommend that you take out a loan large enough to cover both your Capex requirements AND give yourself a cash buffer.  Depending on the simulation and how aggressive you want/need to be (are you competing against other teams?), you may just want to leverage as much as you can and use high amounts of cash for all expenses and projects.
Perhaps this will prod the administration to form some sort of new-era WPA to put a lot of people back to work. There will be a lot of retired military returning soon, adding to the unemployment problem. The country's infrastructure is falling apart. Putting a whole lot of people to work fixing things would be a very good thing.
As other posters have pointed out, many other potential factors at play here besides value, but that said, a huge part of my long-term money that I don't want to manage myself is in actively managed EM funds.
Want to make printable digital scrapbooking calendar as a gift for family or friends? Design your own wall or desk calendar and print ot at home or send them to a lab. You'll find all kinds of templates and calendar kits here. They are perfect for Christmas, Mother's Day, and Father's Day presents.
If his credit union participates in the national Co-Op, then he will be able to withdraw money at any participating credit union. He could just bring cash a check out in his name, just like he would at home.
Seriously, what he said. Learn HTML / CSS / php / MySQL and you can earn 100k/yr with ease. I've seen people learn it on their own within a year or less. As long as you're diligent and have a passion for building something awesome out of nothing you will learn slowly but surely. Even beginner programmers can make 60k a year without trying.
Oil will not crash to $10 a barrel.  Green movement in wealthy parts of Europe and North America all you want, but the majority of the worlds population resides in poor and shit places.  Green energy will not take hold in these areas any time soon. Things as simple as recycling is still a very foreign concept to a good majority of the worlds population and you expect to change their infrastructure in the next few years?  Decrease in oil dependency may be easy in SF, but have you seen fucking Arkansas? Vancouver's public transportation can easily support people getting out of their cars, but have you seen fucking L.A? Sure, more bike lanes for Copenhagen and coal free Denmark, but fuck me...AFRICA.
Tax accountant here.  The money is yours and you can do what ever you want with it. Just make sure to put it on the books as Loan Receivable and have an Interest Income account.
"I agree that cutting spending is generally a bad idea in a bad economy. However, we cannot sustain deficit spending forever. Our government has been spending money it doesn't have for decades. Now that we need spending to boost the economy, we've started to run out of ammunition. Years of stupid spending have caught up with us in the midst of a major depression. It's bad, but reality.  So many people (including many people here on Reddit) have ideas that our debt-GDP ratio isn't a problem. Many people have pointed out that other countries have survived with much higher GDP ratios than ours. That is true, but we can't make that comparison based on that one variable. Those countries seemed to be on the brink of a major economic expansion as they conquered market shares in the global economy or developed new industries. As their economies started booming, they were able to pay down their debts. People argue that when our economy improves we can do the same.  The problem is that after spending $5 trillion, we are still in a terribly stagnant economy after three years of recovery. How long do they think it is going to take before the recovery kicks in? It's inevitable that sooner or later we need to cut debts. Even if we do see a sudden economic rebound, the amount of debt it would take to get there would be extreme at this rate. That would require major cuts in spending which would send us right back where we started.  Some people say that paying the debt is similar to paying down a mortgage. By those standards we are doing fine and it is more than affordable. That is a bad argument. For one thing, the revenue we generate in taxes is coming from economic growth developed by that spending. If you cut one, you cut the other. The way our economy is working right now, in order to generate more revenue to pay down the debt, we need to take on more debt. Also, unlike a mortgage, we are at the mercy of the financial markets. When investors decide that we have too much debt, the rates will rise or they stop buying altogether. Then we have to rely on the federal reserve to finance it, which can cause serious inflation. If we lose our reserve status (anyone who thinks this isn't possible is sadly delusional) then we are basically going to end up like Greece because we wouldn't be able to pay off our debts to foreign investors with our printing press.  It's also important to note that America has a very big advantage it doesn't really deserve. We have the world reserve currency. People say that we deserve to have that because our economy is stronger. That is circular logic, because so much of our economic strength is due to the fact we had the reserve currency in the first place. Where would we be without it? Would we still be the strongest economy in the world? I think that's an impossible question to answer, because we have had it and given a free pass for so long that we don't know what life would be like. We can sit and chastise Europe for not doing as well as us, but the truth is we have a huge advantage so it's not a valid comparison. Also, we may be doing better for now. But if our sovereign debt bubble bursts (either due to the loss of world reserve currency status or otherwise) we won't be any better off.  I don't believe in austerity in a depression, but this unsustainable deficit spending seems equally reckless. I think we need a more strategic plan that rests somewhere in the middle ground. Cutting spending on wasteful projects and redirecting that money into areas that are going to have a high return on investment in the form of GDP growth. Obama's roads don't qualify. Otherwise, if we keep wasting money we will someday reach the point where deficit spending is no longer an option and we have to cut it regardless of how stagnant the economy is. That would be really bad and we need to change gears before we reach that tipping point.   To answer your question, I think the people you speak of are wrong, but not stupid. They certainly have good points. The problem is that everyone looks at it as an ""either/or"" situation rather than seeing a continuum where the real answer may lie somewhere in the middle."
Yup. SAP and Oracle are customized to each individual company with little to no overlap. Being experienced in one companies SAP setup does not guarantee that one would be familiar with another companies set up.   Adding to that, Companies complaints about having people graduate without the skills they need is a load of bullshit. Instead of complaining should have partnered with the schools to make sure that students were learning and gaining experience in the things they actually need.
"Since you are going to be experiencing a liquidity crisis that even owning physical gold wouldn't solve, may I suggest bitcoins? You will still be liquid and people anywhere will be able to trade it. This is different from precious metals, whereas even if you ""invested"" in gold you would waste considerable resources on storage, security and actually making it divisible for trade. You would be illiquid. Do note that the bitcoin currency is currently more volatile than a Greek government bond."
There are two things you need to keep in mind when you look at Inflation as an entity. Inflation is necessary to keep in check the value of goods. As per Moore's Law for example, a mobile phone that you buy for £100 today will be available for £50 in two years. With increased purchasing power, one needs to maintain balance between the purchasing power and its value. If you think about the 'loss' at a rate of 2% you would have £96.04 (in terms of today's value) in two years. But if you looked at the same cell phone as leverage for your business where it allowed you to do work and earn £1000 in two years - the investment would clearly offset the cost of inflation. Inflation is incentive for people to spend their money. If you for example spent all of your £100 today, it is £100 income for someone else. He has further incentive to spend it creating a chain of transactions. In theory while this is a true mathematical loss, the increasing purchasing power helps you leverage your financial asset to get a return on your investment.
Fuck. This isn't a business post, necessarily (in the business subreddit, I know), but I go to whole Foods to find really niche products (specialty-local coffee) and to get their desserts and eat a meal there while walking around. I hope they don't drop these portions of the WFM model.
Safety shoes were once used by mine workers in South Africa and very few staff across the world. These Shoes were bulky, ugly and were used by men only if they really required strong protection. They come with waterproofing, steel toes, solid leather material to avoid any injuries to the feet. But today, ask any leather safety shoes supplier in Qatar, safety shoes are making fashion statements.
"If it could, it seems yet to be proven.  Long Term Capital Management was founded by a bunch of math whizzes and they seem to have missed something.  I'd never suggest that something has no value, but similar to the concept that ""if time travel were possible, why hasn't anyone come back from the future to tell us"" I'd suggest that if there were a real advantage to what you suggest, someone would be making money from it already.  In my opinion, the math is simple, little more than a four function calculator is needed."
Capital One's normal master card is known to approve people with limited or bad credit history. If not that look into a secured credit card.  You put down a deposit of $200 or more and you get that much in credit, sometimes more.
They are the largest non government employer in the country. They have an absolutely massive consumer base. They made that profit while constantly lowering prices for their customers. I bet you use them on a regular basis. It is kind of funny watching your faux indignation. Isn't Apple your product provider of choice? One of the most expensive over priced producers currently on the market. With one of the lowest paid work forces on the planet. But well paid for their market. You just ooze hypocrite. Like most Apple  social warriors. Its funny listening to people like you speak for others you would never be caught mingling with.
"Why even bother?  Why are you working?  Go get food stamps for this one reason, it's the only thing THEY give you in exchange fir policing all land use. You cannot even get police services. 911 is just a [make it worse] option : ""Stop attacking me or I will [make it worse] for both of us"" Soon a criminal wont even care vecause things can't get any worse.  Why are you working?"
There are several questions to answer before help can be given. How much revenue did you have this year? What is expected revenue growth for next few years? Are you operating as a sole proprietor, partnership or corporation? If a corporation did you maintain your books on the cash basis or accrual? I recommend you seek a CPA not a bookkeeper. And, don't wait until end of year to fund one.
This might be better suited to r/personalfinance but if you're looking to invest I'd say start with an index fund. The MER's (fees) for most other mutual funds take too heavy a chunk of returns to be worth it in a market where actively managed funds are either underperforming of performing at par with passive funds.   Additionally if these are your first investments, make sure you're doing it with investment goals in mind. Is this money you're saving for short, medium, or long term? For medium and long term investing make sure you're doing it through a tax efficient instrument like an IRA or 401k.
&gt; Also by your own definition, no one in the middle class is in poverty.   No.  By the US government's definition of poverty, nobody in the middle class is in poverty because they don't want to admit that the middle class is poor now.   &gt; I’ve also never said everything is fine, I’ve only said it’s improving systematically.  And you're wrong.  Technology is improving our lives as our broken economic system erodes our prosperity.  You can focus on the improvements and ignore the growing problems and pretend everything's alright, but it's not.   Worldwide, the middle class is losing prosperity as measured by net-worth.  We have no money, and since we earn our money from each other, no way to earn it.  This is a growing systematic problem that technology can't solve, and is only making worse.  Since economic health depends on the ability of the public to spend money, reducing how much they have to spend is dangerous.  It makes for recession-prone, bubble-prone, collapse-prone economies.  Since economic collapse is a driving force behind radicalization, drug use, war, and starvation, we see these problems growing in places even as advances make them easier to solve.  The root of all of this is a broken economic system that is pushing us towards a dystopian future.
Yeah, that's what I do, just buy the indices and forget it. My portfolio is so boring it's elegant, and makes money too.  4.5% YTD and 5.9% in 2016, not bad for a 30/70 stock bond split for this 70-year-old. Oh, did I tell you my costs are .06%! I am enjoying the freedom of my retirement.
&gt; Also, wtf did the rich people do to deserve to be punished?  When America thrived from the 40s-60s the top marginal tax rates were in the 70%'s. The rich still got rich. Then they lobbied it down to the 30%s, doubling their take at our expense.
There is a wide variety of housing styles tailored to give numerous options for families who are considering real estate property from Military in Virginia. This also means that the prices are pretty flexible, and people from different income levels can actually buy Military Homes for sale. One can choose from townhouses with several bedrooms to detached houses.
By in large they are. I've worked in this industry. Inversions work because the US has CFC tax and the highest tax rate in the world, 35%. This means that any money made by the company in any part of the world is subject to US tax less tax paid locally.   E.g. Burger king in Dublin pays 12.5% locally and 22.5% to the US.  The company inverts to a country that doesn't have CFC then transfers all the non-US companies to the other jurisdiction.  Now what also tends to happen is income stripping such as intra-group, inter-company loans with the interest stripping earnings. That or intellectual property. However a company can only do that where the new group is made up of 80% other co and 20% existing co, at a minimum. This doesn't happen too much.  Have a look at this article by a top Irish law firm: http://www.arthurcox.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/April2014_SpotlightOn.pdf
You could use paypal to transfer money. You can pay with paypal and your UK contact could transfer the money to his bank account through paypal. I just received money this way from the US and paid 9 EUR for this. Receiving the funds is as quickly as clicking a button on the paypal site. Transfering it (without costs) took 1-3 days). It is by far the easiest way. If you are uncomfortable using paypal, the other option would be through your own bank account, where you would transfer using IBAN/SWIFT. The SWIFT bank account is usually the IBAN code plus a branch code. Often it is difficult to find the branch code, in that case you can use the IBAN+XXX. In the latter things might be delayed, but I actually haven't noticed the delay yet, since international transfer always seem to take between 1 and 10 days. The international transfering of money costs, except if it is within the EU region. The way to transfer money through Internet banking differs, from bank to bank. They keywords you need to look for are: SEPA, SWIFT, IBAN or international transfer.
"If you don't want to get income tax taken out of your check, then get a 1099 job and stop blubbering like a baby. You are not doing your case any help. If fact, I am more positive that ""anti-taxers"" are out of their gourd."
&gt;I might have an answer! I imagine they're capitalizing on people's laziness. I live in the Bay Area where some people probably don't mind paying $35 to not have to walk 100 feet to the office and drop off a check.  Except that at their end they then have to deal with the cheques, have someone to receive them and so on, deal with the inevitable bounced cheques too.. Seems like a shitty plan, but yeah, I suppose if someone can gouge you they may well do so.
The calculation is to figure out how many dollars you get in return for the amount of dollars you spend. In your case, you know you get 1000 points for $1000 dollars, and can redeem one movie ticket for 1000 points. Therefore, Granted that you could also redeem a $8-9 ticket, making your return 0.8-0.9%.  In addition, this can get more complicated for some points cards that may give out free points, and is especially so if there's an intermediary such as AIR MILES, for which points can be earned in numerous ways. To get really nitty gritty, you could to keep a spreadsheet where you list number of dollars spent, number of points gained, number of points redeemed, and value of reward received. Thus, you can figure out exactly what your cost is for each point (second factor from above), as well as the ultimate value of each point with respect to rewards redeemed (first factor). I'm considering doing that myself since I'm prone to spreadsheet addiction, but this method is likely overkill for most points cards.
Yes. Not doing so would be like turning down a raise. The best advice in almost every situation is to at least contribute up to the amount that the company will match so you get the full benefit. One thing to clarify that you might not be understanding. The vesting period is only for the money the company matches, not your own investment. Even if you leave the company before the account is vested or fully vested, you can transfer to a 401k at your new employer, or roll over into an IRA, or take as taxable income (and pay a penalty if it is an early withdrawal), all your contributions together with any investment gains or losses that have occurred. Ditto whatever part of your employer match that has vested by the time you leave. Often, the employer matching contributions are invested in the  same funds in the same proportions that you have chosen for your own contributions and thus will have incurred the same gains or losses as your own contributions, but  what you are entitled to take with you is the part that has vested. Also, you mention that it is unlikely that you will stay the entire 5 years. However, if you plan to at least stay a couple of years it makes sense to get the 20%, 40%, etc. of the match that you vest during your stay. Again, it's free money.
How much should a rational investor have in individual stocks? Probably none. An additional dollar invested in a ETF or low cost index fund comprised of many stocks will be far less risky than a specific stock. And you'd need a lot more capital to make buying, voting, and selling in individual stocks as if you were running your own personal index fund worthwhile. I think in index funds use weightings to  make it easier to track the index without constantly trading. So my advice here is to allocate based not on some financial principal but just loss aversion. Don't gamble with more than you can afford to lose. Figure out how much of that 320k you need. It doesn't sound like you can actually afford to lose it all. So I'd say 5 percent and make sure that's funded from other equity holdings or you'll end up overweight in stocks.
I am 10 years out of college and been debt free for 4.  My school would have cost me $180k for 4 years.  I was aware of the cost to go to the school I wanted and so I worked in highschool for every possible scholarship available.  I then went into a degree program which I knew was a good investment, engineering.  I came out of college in the middle of the recession with you guessed it, around $100k in debt.  I moved to a place where the cost of living made it so I could get a job and save.  I did not live a lavish lifestyle, I invested my money well, and I worked hard.  Garbage in, garbage out.  Go to a bad school, not worth it.  Do not work hard in college, not worth it.  Work hard in a major which has no economic value, not worth it.  Do not set yourself up for success by working hard in high school, getting things like AP credits and scholarships, not worth it.
With painful 20/20 hindsight, I earnestly say - max it out hard.  The reason is the sheer opportunity of it.  As a young person you have time on your side - you have so many years for the earnings to compound!  It is many times more advantageous to max it out now, than fail to do so and be in your 40s trying to catch up.   Use the Roth 401K if your company supports that.  After that, max out a Roth IRA if your income is low enough to use them.  Otherwise, max out a traditional IRA (this will not be tax deductible because your income is too high), and the next day, convert it to Roth. That conversion will be tax-free since you already paid taxes on that money.  401K money is untouchable.  No one can ever take it from you - not with a lawsuit, not with bankruptcy.  As such, never give it up willingly by borrowing from it or cashing it out early, no matter how serious the problem seems in the short term. How do you invest a 401K when the market is so scary?  I found out when I became a Board member overseeing management of an endowment.  Turns out there's a professional gold standard for ultra-long-term, high growth, volatility-be-damned investing. Who knew?
"It depends on how big the dilution is. Could be a good trade. Do the math yourself, many times nobody else has as all the employees think they are going to get rich because ""options"" :)"
Sao Mai Building rất cám ơn vì được Jimmy Group lựa chọn là 1 trong những địa điểm thích hợp để đặt Trụ Sở  Trong thời gian qua, nhiều đơn vị biết đến Sao Mai Building làm Hương không hiểu là vì sao … nay Hương đã hiểu là vì Jimmy Group đã đăng thông tin địa chỉ 12 Yên Thế – Quận Tân Bình của Sao Mai Building.  Hương rất trân trọng và thật lòng cảm kích JIMMY đã cho đăng thông tin về Sao Mai trên trang tài chính sạch của nhà đầu tư là Vàng Vật Chất và càng cảm kích hơn khi Jimmy Group đã góp phần giới thiệu về Sao Mai Building trong suốt thời gian qua.  Rất cám ơn Jimmy Group và cá nhân JIMMY !
Yes, as long as you are responsible with the payments and treat it as a cash substitute, and not a loan. I waited until I was 21 to apply for my first credit card, which gave me a later start to my credit history. That led to an embarrassing credit rejection when I went to buy some furniture after I graduated college. You'd think $700 split into three interest-free payments wouldn't be too big of a risk, but I was rejected since my credit history was only 4 months long, even though I had zero late payments.  So I ended up paying cash for the furniture instead, but it was still a horrible feeling when the sales rep came back to me and quietly told me my credit application had been denied.
they rather import than hire low quality local. that's pretty much what all US companies do right now. remember Cisco firing 1800 (5% of staff)? at the same time they are about to hire over 2000 abroad at new Cisco offices.
"Those advantages you've described (tax treatment and employee match) are what you receive in exchange for ""locking up"" the money. Ultimately it's a personal choice of whether that tradeoff makes sense for you situation (I'll echo the response that the real answer to your question is planning). Roth options (either 401K or IRA) may be good compromises for you, since you can withdraw those contributions (but not the earnings) without any penalty, since you've already paid taxes on them. Another avenue to explore may be a self-directed IRA or a Solo 401(k), depending on your circumstances and eligibility. In both cases, there are plan providers that structure the plan to allow you to use the money to invest in things besides traditional stocks, bonds, and mutual funds (often referred to as ""checkbook control"" accounts). They are very commonly used among Real Estate investors (this thread from BiggerPockets has quite a bit of info). You'd want to consult with an accountant or financial adviser before going down that path."
People did go to jail for crimes ranging from mortgage fraud to traders cheating customers when selling MBS products. Two, it wasn't a little bit of regulation, Dodd frank put massive capital handcuffs on wall st. The bill being voted on now is to decrease some of the harshest parts of DF, not to remove the whole thing. And three, the only thing that compares to 2008 is 1929 to 1941, the Great Depression. Something like that won't be seen again for 100 years. The best thing to do when the economy goes through a recession is to hold on to what you have, ride it out, and if you have the capital, buy when stocks are cheap.
It depends on the market that you participate in. Stock markets are not zero sum as JoeTaxpayer explained. On the other hand, any kind of derivative markets (such as options or futures) are indeed zero sum, due to the nature of the financial instruments that are exchanged. Those markets tend to be more unforgiving. I don't have evidence for this, but I believe one of the reasons that investors so often lose their money is psychology. The majority of us as humans are not wired to naturally make the kinds of rigorous and quick decisions that markets require, especially if day trading. Some people can invest time and energy to improve themselves and get over that. Those are the ones who succeed.
&gt; Cheaper energy is equivalent to a pay raise  No it isn't.  A pay raise can be distributed as the payee feels fit, cheaper energy only serves one area of expenditure, which as I stated, isn't the major area that somebody who is struggling financially needs help.  We don't need more competitive pricing in products, we need business in America to stop focusing on profits for their shareholders over providing decent wages to their employees.  America is one of the most  (if not the most) competitively priced marketplace in the world.  The average person doesn't give a shit that flowerpots cost $3.40 each instead of $3.60, they care that they have shitty healthcare, cannot afford to buy a house, cannot afford rent, cannot afford decent food, have no job security.    Corporate profits have skyrocketed, the super-rich keep getting richer, bankers make decisions based on their bonuses rather than the sustainability of their decisions.  Cheaper energy isn't going to solve one of those problems.  Corp. profits vs wages:  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/trade-record-corporate-profits-your-miserable-salary
"Does your company offer a 401k? or similar pre-tax retirement plans? Is your company a publicly traded company? These questions are important, basically the key to any of your investments should be diversification. This means buying more than one kind of investment, amongst stock(s), bonds, real estate or more. The answer to ""How Much"" of your salary should go to company stock, is subjective. I personally would contribute the max toward a retirement plan or even post-tax savings, which would be invested in a variety of public companies.  Hope that helps."
Stock markets have not been the cause of any of the problems. They display the symptoms of the problems, but they don't cause them.  The problems have been caused by the corruption of government (lobbying and political donations), insufficient, excessive and inappropriate regulation, and ignorance on the part of those who vote (demanding more services and less taxes and worrying more about wedge issues than sound governance).
If you are younger, and you not under undue pressure to buy a home at any particular time, investing in the market is a reasonable way to prepare.  Your risk tolerance should be high.   Understand that this means you may buy in 3-4 years instead of 1-2 if the market takes a down turn.  It took ~3-4 years for the S&P 500 to recover from the 2008 crash. I doubt anything that severe is in the making, but there is always an element of risk involved in investing. If you and your family will be busting at the seams of your current rental in a year, then maybe the bond fund advice others have provided is a better option.  If you are willing to be flexible, a more aggressive strategy might be appropriate. Likely, you want something along the lines of the Vanguard S&P 500 mutual fund - something that is diversified (a large number of stocks), in relatively safe companies (in this case the 500 companies that Standard and Poor's think are most likely to repay corporate bonds), and 'indexed' vice 'actively managed' (indexed funds have lower fees because they are using 'rules' to pick the stocks rather than paying a person to evaluate them.) It's going to depend on you and your situation - and regardless of what you choose consistency will be key: put your investment on automatic so it happens every month without your input.
"What was the true reason they wanted to use my accounts for? We wouldn't know the true reason. The scammer can do multiple things. What exactly he would do in your case ... I am very eager to know what a person was up to who would give to me so much information about themselves. I know some of you will jump on the chance to yell ""it was not their true address"", but.... it is where they wanted me to send the cards to. And I was to give proof of my identification ie; a copy of my drivers license, my articles of incorporation and the real estate development project prospectus. Also they were only willing to work with certain banks ie; Citibank, Bank of America etc. I can not understand what they were doing wanting such access to accounts that had no money in them save the amount I used to open them with. It looks more like they would open accounts under your name, but they would be controlling the accounts. i.e. what goes in and out. i.e. they would be able to deposit and withdraw from a new account they set-up. They would want to use this account for illegal activities, so that if caught, the account opening paper trail leads to you. Even if they gave you an address, it could be rental. Like they have copies of your Company registration and ID proofs, they can use these to get another rental property ... and then send letters to some and ask them to met there."
Assisted living can give seniors a new lease of life; it can be the best place for them.     There are many benefits offered by these assisted living facilities:   Safety – it provides a safe and comfortable environment for elders. Certain installations like bars to grab onto while in the shower or ramps and panic call buttons can go a long way in reducing falls and accidents.     As safe as we may try to be, accidents do happen. There is always a 24-hour emergency alert system so if residents have emergencies in their own apartment or room, they can summon immediate help. These facilities also hire trained professionals who work round the clock to attend to these emergencies.    Meals – there are many elders who don’t enjoy eating alone. Assisted living community offers freshly prepared meals. The main pull, however, are the communal meals. People tend to eat better when they have company.     Transportation – most centers provide group transportation for shopping, community events, and clinic appointments. This gives elders the freedom to go where they want to, with no restrictions what so ever.     Less worry- residents will not have to worry about repair responsibilities. If something is not working, they simply alert the administration and the problem is fixed. Living is a community eliminates the fear of letting in a stranger to fix a bathroom pipe and getting an expensive repair bill.     Socialization- this is perhaps the best reason to let elders stay in an assisted living community. Social skills of elders can decline as lifelong friends have health issues or have died. This can cause depression to set in and a reluctance to be socially active. At assisted living communities, ones the residents adjust to the lifestyle, they start enjoying the company of like-minded people. They play cards together, listen to music, exercise, have snacks, go to community events and even invite people over to entertain them. They can even enjoy intellectual stimulation as most communities provide classes, book clubs and art workshops to help them expand their horizon and keep their senses sharp.     Summerfield is one such Utah Retirement home, where residents get assistant as per their requirement and still enjoy their independence.  Visit Us: http://sta.sh/01elak39wpju
I like the article concept, about seeking help where needed. This is something where an advisory board comes into play.   That said, it is super important that you seek advice specifically in areas you are lacking. You want fresh ideas and people that will challenge your ideas.
"The June 2014 issue of Barclays Wealth's Compass magazine had a very nice succinct article on this topic: ""Value investing – does a rules-based approach work?"".  It examines the performance of value and growth styles of investment in the MSCI World and S&P500 arenas for a few decades back, and reveals a surprisingly complicated picture, depending on sector, region and time-period. Their summary is basically: A closer look however shows that the overall success of value   strategies derives mainly from the 1970s and 1980s. ... in the US, value has underperformed growth for over 25 years   since peaking in July 1988. Globally, value experienced a 30% setback   in the late 1990s so that there are now periods with a length of   nearly 13 years over which growth has outperformed. So the answer to ""does it beat the market?"" is  ""it depends..."". Update in response to comment below: the question of risk adjusted returns is interesting.  To quote another couple of fragments from the piece: Since December 1974, [MSCI world] value has outperformed growth by   2.6% annually, with lower risk. This outperformance on a risk-adjusted   basis is the so-called value premium that Eugene Fama and Kenneth   French first identified in 1992... and That outperformance has, however, come with more risk. Historical   volatility of the pure style indices has been 21-22% compared to 16%   for the market. ... From a maximum drawdown perspective, the 69% drop   of pure value during the financial crisis exceeded the 51% drop of the   overall market."
OP:  - I graduated with a Finance Degree from USC with a focus on financial analysis and valuation  - Failed to get accept into one of the major investment banks with a 3.7 (turned out for the best). I thought my world was fucking over.   My career trajectory in the last 4 years has been:  Commercial Insurance (1.5 years, 40hrs/week)&gt; Consulting (1.5 years, 80hrs/week) &gt; Technology firm (current, ~40hrs/week).  At this point, I have parlayed by financial modeling experience into a strategy and corporate planning role.  My income has gone from 50K to 85K in those 4 years.   Takeaway: Don't worry so much about being at a target school. Connections/internships (which you can get despite your school of choice) will determine where you end up. Join any relevant investing / finance clubs. Develop a network and learn to leverage that network's network (I didn't learn the true value of this until after I graduated). Furthermore, there are a VARIETY of small, boutique firms where you could get an internship/first-job that would be  great springboard into a larger firm. Sometimes your circumstance dictates a small start with a rapid increase. Do not get so hung up on your school and focus more on the opportunities your school opens up for you, and take advantage of those.
"Corporations aren't required to uphold your civil rights. A business can kick you out for hate speech, for any speech, or for carrying a gun, or whatever other reason they want.   They can't do it on the basis of inclusion in a protected class, and I'm fine with that being the line.  Who said I want to start a fight with you? I merely responded to your points.  Corporations should be able to ""oppress"" as much as they want except against people in a protected class based on their inclusion in that class. (Ie, if you don't want to bake a gay wedding cake for John because he's gay, that's not okay. If you don't want to bake a gay wedding cake for John because he's being a dick to your staff, that's fine.)"
Without knowledge of the special provisions of your loan contract, the one with the highest interest rate should be paid first. Or, if one's fixed payment is much larger than the other, and it is a burden, then it should be paid first, but refinancing may be an option. Socially speaking and possibly even economically since it could affect your reputation, it is probably best to either refinance the cosigned loan or pay that off as rapidly as possible. Economically speaking, I would recommend no prepayment since the asset that is leveraged is your mind which will last many decades, probably exceeding the term of the loan, but some caveats must be handled first: Many would disagree, but I finance the way I play poker: tight-aggressive.
If you have a negative balance on your credit card, you can call the issuer and have them send you a check for the amount. Some will do it automatically for large amounts or if it stays negative over some period of time. Usually credit card issuers don't let paying more than the current balance, but it still can happen sometimes if you pay off your balance and then get a refund, for example.
Geloman's Indian Spares provide all types of  Indian motorcycle's spare parts in the United States. We design the every spare part of the Indian motorcycle. Our huge spare parts collection corresponds to the 741 model. If you have an Indian 741 Motorcycle and you want to service and change the spare parts this motorcycle, then you can visit our workshop. It derived from the two famous Indian Scout models already in production for several years.
Just my opinion, but if their prices were the same at Amazon AND if there customer service wasn't a joke, I'd rather  buy it in person.  The ability to return things if needed are much easier at a store than through the mail.
I imagine that they check it because if they accept one from you and then their bank discovers it when they try to pay it in, it's their loss.
"The ""Yield Pledge"" looks like a marketing promise to me. It may well be true, but I'm not sure it's useful. As you say, it's currently not the best account out there. If those extra $24 per $10000 are really important to you, why not do your own analysis? Put the money in the highest interest account you can find, and then every three months survey the accounts available and, if it isn't still the highest, transfer the funds to the one that is. Personally I wouldn't put that much effort in for $24, but you may be different."
&gt; Observe this in the corporate world by looking at the example of General Motors. G.M.’s 2009 bankruptcy came at the end of a long decline dating back to the early 1970s, when Japanese cars first began to intrude on U.S. markets.  So what you're saying is that Microsoft has only 40 years left.  That sounds terrifying indeed.
So the OP said you can live a decent life on min wage, but the only way to do it is to suck off of the rest of your family, or work staggered shifts?  Ahh, never seeing your spouse, the american dream in action!
No. Getting more credit lowers your credit utilization ratio (if you don't use it), which raises your credit rating, this can also be done by asking for a higher limit on your existing credit card. Also, there is a chance that the company you got your first card from won't pull your credit a second time when they go to the underwriter. As any extensions of credit lower your credit score, although the credit utilization ratio is weighted more heavily.
Yes, if the call expires worthless, leaving you with stock. Then you can exercise your put when the stock goes below put strike price.
Lucky that I found the trade association for my industry, volunteered to do an additional 2-3 hours of work for free for two years and got a lead on an internship for my troubles? I guess, if you call that luck. I don't, I fucking earned it.
"If you make $10 in salary, $5 in interest on savings, and $10 in dividends, your income is $25, not $10. If you have a billion dollars in well-invested assets, you can take a loan against those assets and the interest payment on the loan will be smaller than the interest you earn on the assets. That means your investment will grow faster than your debt and you have a net positive gain. It makes no sense to do this if the value of your asset is static. In that case, you would be better off just to withdraw from the asset and spend it directly, since a loan against that static asset will result in you spending your asset plus interest charges. If you have a good enough rate of return on your investment, you may actually be able to do this in perpetuity, taking out loan after loan, making the loan payments from the loan proceeds, while the value of your original asset pool continues to grow. At any given time, though, a severe downturn in the market could potentially leave you with large debts and insufficient value in your assets to back the debt. If that happens, you won't be getting another loan and the merry-go-round will stop spinning. It's a bit of a Ponzi scheme, in a way. The U.S. government has done exactly this for a long time and has gotten away with it because the dollar has been the world's reserve currency. You could always get a loan against the value of the U.S. currency in the past. Those days may be dwindling, with more countries choosing alternative currencies to conduct business with and the dollar becoming comparatively weaker into the foreseeable future. If you have savings, you can spend more than you make, which will put you into debt, then you can draw down your savings to pay that debt, and at the end of the month you will be out of debt, but have less in savings. You cannot do this forever. Eventually, you run out of savings. If you have no savings, you immediately go into debt and stay there when you spend more than you make. This is simple arithmetic. If you have no savings, but you own assets (real estate, securities, a collection of never-opened Beatles vinyl records, a bicycle), then you could spend more than you make, and be in debt, but have the potential to liquidate assets to pay off all or part of the debt. This depends on finding a buyer and negotiating a price that helps you enough to make a real difference. If you have a car, and you owe $10 on it, but you can only find a buyer willing to pay $8 for the car, that doesn't help you unless you can refinance the $2 and your new payment amount is lower than the old payment amount. But then you're still $2 in debt on the car even though you no longer possess it, and you've still increased your debt by spending more than you made. If you stay on this path, sooner or later you will not have any assets left and you will be in debt, plain and simple. As a wrinkle in the concrete example, let's say you have stock options with your employer. This is a form of a ""call."" You could also purchase a call through a broker in the stock market, or for a commodity in the futures market. That means you pay up front for the right to buy a specific amount of an asset at a fixed price (usually with an expiration date). You don't own the stock, you just have the right to buy it at the call price, regardless of the current market value when you buy it. In the case of employee stock options, your upfront cost is in the form of a vesting schedule. You have to remain employed for a set time before a specific number of stocks become eligible for you to purchase at your option price (the stocks ""vest"" on a certain date). Remain employed longer, and more stocks may vest, depending on your contract. If you quit or are terminated before that date, you forfeit your options. If you stick around through your vesting schedule, you pay real money to buy the stock at your option price. It only makes sense to do this if the market value of the stock is higher than your option price. If the current market value is lower than your option price, you're better off just buying the asset at the current market value, or waiting and  hoping that the value increases before your contract expires. You could drive yourself into debt by spending more than you make, but still have a chance to eliminate your debt by exercising your call/option and then re-selling the asset if it is worth more than what you pay for it. But you may have to wait for a vesting period to elapse before you can exercise your option (depending on the nature of your contract). During this waiting period, you are in debt, and if you can't service your debt (i.e. make payments acceptable to your creditors) your things could get repossessed. Oh, don't forget that you'll also pay a brokerage fee to sell the asset after you exercise your option. Further, if you have exhausted your savings and nobody will give you a loan to exercise your stock (or futures) options, then in the end you would be even further in debt because you already paid for the call, but you are unable to capitalize it and you'll lose what you already paid. If you can get a loan to exercise your option, but you're a bad credit risk, chances are good that the lender will draft a contract requiring you to immediately pay back the loan proceeds plus a fee out of the proceeds of re-selling the stock or other asset. In fact the lender might even draft a contract assigning ownership of your options to them, and stipulating that they'll pay you what's left after they subtract their fee. Even if you can get a traditional loan, you will pay interest over time. The end result is that your debt has still cost you very real money beyond the face value of the debt. Finally, if the asset for which you have a call has decreased in value lower than the current market value, you would be better off buying it directly in the market instead of exercising your option. But you'll pay transaction fees to do that, and the entire action would be pure speculation (or ""investment""), but not an immediate means to pay off your debt. Unless you have reliable insider trading information. But then you risk running afoul of the law. Frankly it might be better to get a loan to pay off your debt than to buy an ""investment"" hoping the value will increase, unless you could guarantee that the return on your investment would be bigger than the cumulative interest and late fees on your debt (or the risk of repossession of your belongings). Remember that nothing you owe a debt on is actually yours, not your house, not your car, not your bicycle, not your smartphone. Most of the time, your best course of action is to make minimum payments on your lowest-interest debts and make extra payments on your highest interest debt, up to the highest total payment you can tolerate (set something aside in a rainy day fund just in case). As you pay off the highest-interest debt, shift the amount you were paying on that debt to make extra payments on your next highest-interest debt until that one is paid off, and repeat on down the line until you're out of debt, then live within your means so that you don't find yourself working at McDonald's because you don't have a choice when you're in your 80's."
I don't know if anyone has heard of this road trip that's coming up, but it should be a great gathering of some of business' brightest minds. I'll be at the Portland, OR event and possibly the Seattle event.   Who else is going?
If the Euro went bust then it would be the 12th government currency to go belly up in Europe (according to this website).  Europe holds the record for most failed currencies.  It also holds the record for the worst hyperinflation in history - Yugoslavia 1993.  I'm not sure what would happen if the Euro failed.  It depends on how it fails.  If it fails quickly (which most do) then there will be bank runs, bank holidays, capital controls, massive price increases, price controls, and just general confusion as people race to get rid of their Euros.  Black markets for everything will pop up if the price controls remain in place.  Some countries may switch to a foreign currency (i.e. the US dollar if it is still around) until they can get their own currency in circulation.
I don't know what you mean by ad spend, but have you checked out glassdoor or indeed.com? They both give you a salary range for common positions in your area. Don't offer the maximum number you see, be reasonable based on your experience and such.
Although this is off-topic since it is about economics I'm going to write a short answer in case it is decided that it is on topic. I will remove this if it gets migrated. The key to why printing extra money causes inflation and a change in exchange rate has nothing at all to do with whether or not it is announced or done in secret. The quantity of money in circulation (by whichever measure) is what informs the value of the currency not whether you tell people that it has changed or not. Announcing it should increase the volatility somewhat around the time of the announcement but the long term effects will be the same no matter what. Whether or not they announce it printing more money will mean that there is more in circulation which will reduce the value of each unit of the currency by the dilution amount which in turn will increase inflation and decrease the exchange rate.
It is almost always cheaper to do regular maintenance then to fix problems because you didn't change the oil or check the transmission fluid.
Simply put, the government has no balls to fight corruption.  Ideally, the government would have enough people to oversee and make sure corruption like this doesn't happen. But the politicians cut a lot of money out for this type of enforcement (primarily because they had money donated to them by these same businesses). This looks great for the politician as it looks like they're cutting government fat, let's say something like a hundred million dollars. These opportunists fleece these companies and when they go under, they plead and beg the government to bail them out or else they'll have to fire all these people and it'll kill the economy. So the government steps in and bails out these companies for a few billion - now they look like they are being proactive and 'saving' the economy.  All at the expense of you of course. It's too bad politicians don't do what they believe is best but do what their donors believe is best for themselves.
This isn't super specific to your question, but I'd recommend that you invest a ton of time in practice questions (then review the answers to the ones you got wrong). This is a good strategy for most exams, but it's particularly true for the Series 7, as the S7 is notorious for using questions on the actual exam that are almost identical to practice questions. I was amazed at how many questions I recognized almost word-for-word when I took it.   I recently took my CFP test, so I'm pretty brushed-up on testing concepts and that sort of thing right now. If you are running into anything in particular, feel free to PM me!
A credit card is not a bank account.  It is, essentially, a contract to extend a line of credit on an as needed basis through a process accepted by the provider(purchase through approved vender, cash advance, etc).  There is no mechanism for the bank to accept or hold a deposit.  While most card issuers will simple retain the money for a period of up 30-60 days to apply toward transactions, I have had a card that actually charged a fee for having a negative balance in excess of $10 for more than 30 days(the fee was $10/month). So no you can not DEPOSIT money on any credit card.  You need an account that accepts deposits to make a deposit.
Absolutely.  We used to go to Applebee's or TGI Fridays back in the 90's regularly.  Food was good, atmosphere was fun.  Closest analogue I can come up with today would be Bar Louie - nice.  Now, they've cut back on so many expenses it's just not what it used to be.  Food is crap, service is meh, the value just isn't there anymore.  I'd rather go to my local guy with 40 craft taps and a damned good burger I know was fresh rather than spend the same amount of money on a reheated burger and a bud light.
In the United States, the Securities Investor Protection Corporation protects the first $500,000 you have at a brokerage including up to $250,000 in cash. This means that if the firm holding your securities fails financially, you have some coverage. That insurance does not prevent your investment itself from losing money. Even traditionally save money market funds can potentially lose value in a situation called Breaking the buck. This means that the Net Asset Value of the fund falls below $1/share. Alas, during periods of market calamity, even traditionally safe stores of value are subject to increased risk.
Eh, to be completely fair to Marissa, she was Google's first Product Manager. The entire point of a PM is that they're the CEO of their product and determine the strategy of the product going forward. Yeah she made a bunch of idiotic moves, but on paper, she was a pretty decent fit and had tons of experience in the same market Yahoo was in, and at an executive level as well.
A business consultant is more of an expert you turn to for help with your business. They teach you skills you don’t know, analyze your business and create an action plan for you to implement. Business consultants the goals you have for your business and help you create the plan of action required for you to actually accomplish those goals!
There is no sure thing in investing. Everything has a risk component. Sure, people talk about these cryptocurrencies like they have nowhere to go but up, but there are massive risks with these. For example, they could be declared illegal, the exchanges could go bankrupt (and some have), the backing companies off the ICOs could fail, the algorithms behind them could have a fatal flaw with unknown consequences, they can be stolen in unusual ways, everyone could suddenly realize that they have no real value...
I think you hit the nail on the head there!  HP used to innovate with lots of R&amp;D investment, until it started to stall and like what you mentioned, these CEOs simply look at most of these as 'COST centre' and took them out.   &gt; Tough to innovate with nothing but sales and marketing.  I like that!
I got that notion from Max Kaiser, his ideas about that are mostly about interest rate apartheid - banks and rich people get money at zero interest, we pay 9, 10, 30%.  I think it involves everything from how we are seen in the eyes of the law to assuming risk, etc.  We are expected to play by the rules and they are not.
The vanilla advice is investing your age in bonds and the rest in stocks (index funds, of course). So if you're 25, have 75% in stock index fund and 25% in bond index. Of course, your 401k is tax sheltered, so you want keep bonds there, assuming you have taxable investments. When comparing specific funds, you need to pay attention to expense ratios. For example, Vanguard's SP 500 index has an expense ratio of .17%. Many mutual funds charge around 1.5%. That means every year, 1.5% of the fund total goes to the fund manager(s). And that is regardless of up or down market. Since you're young, I would start studying up on personal finance as much as possible. Everyone has their favorite books and websites. For sane, no-nonsense investment advise I would start at bogleheads.org. I also recommend two books -  This is assuming you want to set up a strategy and not fuss with it daily/weekly/monthly. The problem with so many financial strategies is they 1) don't work, i.e. try to time the market or 2) are so overly complex the gains are not worth the effort. I've gotten a LOT of help at the boglehead forums in terms of asset allocation and investment strategy. Good luck!
A 401(k) is an investment just like any other investment. You generally get two types of return lumped into that number, but there can be more and you should read your funds prospectus carefully. If you aren't investing in direct companies, you're using mutual funds for instance, then you should read the funds prospectus to see how they handle these situations for the underlying securities they hold for you. Although I think this is the basic answer to the question as you asked.
I think the strategy may be promising, you can run seasonality tests on a lot of different instruments.....  but always fear the data mining bias, meaning the future probability of these events may only be 50/50.  I.e. Is there an actual relationship or are you uncovering a relationship of noise?  The classical way to doing this is to partition your data into two sets, (i.e. every odd year vs even year).  Uncover relationships in one set. Then test the other to see if it is present there.
"Yahoo Finance: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/pr?s=VFINX+Profile Under ""Management Information"""
Call Comcast during a non-peak time (first thing in the morning?), wait on hold, and politely explain what happened and request a $50 credit. Also politely request that your premium support request be handled for free given how much hassle you've had getting disconnected. They'll be able to tell your premium request was never answered because there are no notes on your support tickets. Calling them is much easier than any of your other options.
Because now instead of getting a little profit from the kits they might get a lot more when peple have to buy one of their brands. I am sure they thought this through and know a lot more about I than anyone here.
I like to put money I am going to spend in my Quicken register (similar to Money in my limited experience) and that is the big ticket feature missing from mint.com.  Mint.com can only tell you what you did, or in a very general sense what you plan to do. As a register, mint.com is flexible enough for me to categorize my transactions.  As a planning / budgeting tool mint.com is very simple and fast to get going, but lacks the depth of a budget I want to manage every week.  Mint.com also tracks my investments, but I freely admit my investment management is nothing more than putting money into the same accounts.  I bother with investment tracking other than looking to see it isn't zero. I say try mint.com.  Mint.com has a place to totally delete your account.
"Also within Germany the tax offices usually determine which tax office is responsible for you by asking where you were more than 180 days of the year (if e.g. you have a second flat where you work). That's a default value, though: in my experience you can ask to be handled by another tax office. E.g. I hand my tax declaration to my ""home"" tax office (where also my freelancing adress is), even though my day-job is 300 km away.  So if you work mostly from Poland and just visit the German customer a few times, you are fine anyways. Difficulties start if you move to Germany to do the work at your customer's place. I'm going to assume that this is the situation as otherwise I don't think the question would have come up.  Close by the link you provided is a kind of FAQ on this EU regulation About the question of permanent vs. temporary they say: The temporary nature of the service is assessed on a case-by-case basis.  Here's my German-Italian experience with this. Background: I had a work contract plus contracts for services and I moved for a while to Italy. Taxes and social insurance on the Italian contracts had to be paid to Italy. Including tax on the contract for services. Due to the German-Italian tax treaty, there is no double taxation. Same for Poland: this is part of EU contracts. By the way: The temporary time frame for Italy seemed to be 3 months, then I had to provide an Italian residence etc. and was registered in the Italian health care etc. system. Due to the German-Italian tax treaty, there is no double taxation. Same for Poland: this is part of EU contracts. Besides that, the German tax office nevertheless decided that my ""primary center of life"" stayed in Germany. So everything but the stuff related to the Italian contracts (which would probably have counted as normal work contracts in Germany, though they is no exact equivalent to those contract types) was handled by the German tax office. I think this is the relevant part for your question (or: argumentation with the German tax office) of temporary vs. permanent residence.  Here are some points they asked: There is one point you absolutely need to know about the German social insurance law: Scheinselbständigkeit (pretended self-employment). Scheinselbständigkeit means contracts that claim to be service contracts with a self-employed provider who is doing the work in a way that is typical for employees. This law closes a loophole so employer + employee cannot avoid paying income tax and social insurance fees (pension  contributions and unemployment insurance on both sides - health insurance would have to be paid in full by the self-employed instead of partially by the employer. Employer also avoids accident insurance, and several regulations from labour law are avoided as well). Legally, this is a form of black labour which means that the employer commits a criminal offense and is liable basically for all those fees.  There is a list of criteria that count towards Scheinselbständigkeit. Particularly relevant for you could be"
"This is a joke article, right?  Besides the fact the author apparently can't use a space bar to save his life, the article is basically saying ""Silly CEO, you expect all these creative free spirits to do actual 'work'?  What's wrong with you, being concerned with things like 'profit'. If you want to hire a bunch of disloyal slackers who will jump ship the second someone else utters the word 'stock options', you're going to have to get over this whole 'work ethic' thing."""
It just means that they think that in the long-term, interest rates should be around 3-4%, i.e. probably between 3% and 4%, but perhaps a bit lower or higher occasionally.
Well, all the client visits in the world aren't going to help them if their active strategies are on par with passive so if they have resigned themselves to that fate they should just call it a day and wrap up shop.
How about the fact that when a stranger calls me at 3pm on a Tuesday it means only a few things:  * I've forgotten to pay a bill * Someone I know is in the hospital * Someone wants my opinion on something I don't care about  At 3pm on a Tuesday (like nearly every other weekday afternoon) I'm busy.  I answer the phone to ensure it isn't a forgotten bill or someone in the hospital, but it's usually someone trying to sell me stuff or ask for my opinions.  I always decline.  BECAUSE I'M BUSY, LIKE EVERY OTHER WORKING ADULT WITH A FAMILY!
Since near-term at-the-money (ATM) options are generally the most liquid, the listed implied vol for a stock is usually pretty close to the nearest ATM volatility, but there's not a set convention that I'm aware of.  Also note that for most stocks, vol skew (the difference in vol between away-from-the-money and at-the-money options) is relatively small,  correct me if I'm wrong, IV is the markets assessment that the stock is about 70% likely (1 Standard Deviation) to move (in either direction) by that percent over the next year. Not exactly.  It's an annualized standard deviation of the anticipated movements over the time period of the option that it's implied from.  Implied vol for near-term options can be higher or lower than longer-term options, depending on if the market believes that there will be more uncertainty in the short-term.  Also, it's the bounds of the expected movement in that time period. so if a stock is at $100 with an implied vol of 30% for 1-year term options, then the market thinks that the stock will be somewhere between $70 and $130 after 1 year.  If you look at the implied vol for a 6-month term option, half of that vol is the range of expected movement in 6 months.
"compulsive eating, and other compulsions, are also an issue If this is true, then this is not a money problem.  This is a psychological problem that manifests itself in overspending. I would make an appointment with a counselor or therapist ASAP to start dealing with this problem before the symptoms get any worse.   That said, here are some practical things that you can do to reduce overspending: The most important thing is that this be done TOGETHER.  You cannot dictate to him how yo spend your (plural) money, you cannot take away credit cards and give him an ""allowance"", etc. It mush be something that you both agree is important. If you cannot agree on a plan to get on a budget, then counseling would be in order."
People clamoring for more and more regulation will always be disappointed because businesses will always find ways to get around it.  And, it is the usually the incumbent businesses that are able to do so, while new businesses find increased barriers to entry.  The correct solution is to remove the root source of the tuition bubble, get rid of the government subsidies for higher education altogether.
"A checking account almost never earns any significant interest. A checking accounts often does not have any limits in terms of how many times you can draw funds from it. A checking account often comes with a debit card allowing you to pay online, draw cash from an ATM machine etc. A savings accounts has much higher yields, so you should be getting a decent interest. Unfortunately in the current climate this is not always true (especially not with the big banks) so you may want to look into a high-yield savings account. A savings account is often limited in terms of number of transactions, meaning you can't constantly draw funds from it, it must be stable. A savings account often does not come with a debit card. No, a savings account should not be used for regular transactions. It's an account to park your money for a medium/long time. Understand that banks loan out the money in your savings account to third-parties, so if it would constantly fluctuate, they can't have this money available to others. In return of you parking your money with your bank, you should get a nice return (interest). Yes, but it's not common. Assuming you are from USA, passing banking data (account number and routing number) to third-parties is not safe. In Europe it's totally safe to share your account number to accept money. Depends, some banks do charge fees, some don't. Often there are fees when you're not using the account (no transactions), or when you don't have a certain minimum in an account. Assuming you are American (please specify this information clearly in future) I would look into an ""internet bank"", like Ally. They don't have many fees and they have an excellent high-yield savings account. They also give you a debit card. Disadvantage is that they don't have physical branches."
Yeah, that's it! We just need to **RAISE TAXES** on those icky **RICH PEOPLE** -- as opposed to, you know, **FINING** people who engaged in **CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES**.  See the difference? The latter is justice, whereas the former is robbery.
&gt; plus they get to be the Wal-Mart of the internet and outprice all of their competitor  It's all [about market cap](http://evonomics.com/amazon-accounting-corporate-profits-rich-peoples-income-invisible-bezos/) not the appearance of investment.  They turn most of their profits into dividends, so they get taxed (from investors) once at a 20% rate, rather than a 35% then 20% (48% total).  They are basically exploiting a glitch where dividend payments are tax deductible to the company, rather than (rightfully) being considered profits being collected by the owners.
Banks, the big ones, have shareholders and the board to answer to.  Credit Unions have members and the board to answer to.  You become a member by joining a CU. Banks' prime objective is profit maximization, a credit union's prime objective is members' welfare.   Personal experience: I didn't mind that the banks charge fees, what was frustrating was keeping up with the policy changes.  Have X amount to avoid Y fees.  Once you fulfill that, do something else to avoid some other fees.  You miss one notice and you'll pay dearly!  This constant jumping of hoops was enough to switch. Not saying CUs don't change rules, but in my opinion, not as frequently as big banks.  On fee, for instance, my overdraft with my CU is $5.  With BofA it was something like $35 before regulations put a cap on such ridiculous fees.
&gt;Show me some other great empire in history that managed to purchase its own debt.  Name a great empire that did not purchase it's own debt.   You calling something a Ponzi scheme when it clearly fails even the most naive definition and after being pointed out the hole in your naming is plain willful ignorance.
The biggest issue I can see is that in order to have your parents protected properly, they'll have to register an interest in the property (ie, the 25%). I can't see the mortgage lender being too happy to have a second lienholder on the house for a total of 100% of the purchase price. Usually their conditions state that they'll need to be informed of other debts secured on the house and might actually have a say in that. Another way of accomplishing this is putting your parents on the house's deeds but that might also complicate matters with the lender and cause additional problems when it comes to selling the property. Not to mention that if anything bad happens to your parents, their stake in your property would be counted as one of their assets and you might find yourself in the situation where you have to come up with 25% of the property value right now or you might find that you have to sell the property to the first bidder simply because you do need the money as quickly as possible. Personally I wouldn't do it (especially without legal advice), the legal structure can be a nightmare and you'll just end up painted into a corner.
"I know some CEOs (for both big and small companies).  A few have admitted to me on a few occasions they themselves don't have the slightest idea about being a CEO.  The world changes too fast so they have absolutely no idea what's going to work and what isn't when it comes time to make decisions.  All they can do is rely on the recommendations of the people that work under them at which point it becomes a matter of trust:  Do you trust the recommendations from your CTO?  Who did he trust to make that recommendation?  The trust chain goes waaay down and it makes you wonder if the people who ""know"" (at the end of the chain) shouldn't have been able to just make the decision themselves."
Prediction: costs won't go down.    The basis for that is the cost of insurance for health has never gone down in the history of that product mainly due to the fixed market.  There is competition, but pricing is so rigged as health insurance companies and employers have completely removed pricing from consumers experience.    Until everyone has individual/independent insurance away from their jobs, healthcare costs will never be in check. When employers gtfo of your business and stop providing benefits and people have to buy their own insurance, that is the only time there will be any real market or real pricing in healthcare/medical.
&gt;Ms. Beauregard has to break it to her mother that she does not intend to keep the Hitchcock dining room set or the buffet full of matching Lenox dinnerware, saucers and gravy boats.  Why does she have to tell her? Tell mum that she will cherish her stuff and keep it forever.  Once the old girl kicks off, chuck the shit straight in the bin.
&gt; then everyone will run off to by guns &amp; ammo before the government comes to take them all. It's gotten sadly predictable.  Won't happen, the driver for the increased sales was fear of new restrictive legislation, not the shooting itself.
"&gt; Bernie sources:   I would agree, it looks like the tax would cover all those that buy stock, bonds, and derivatives. However, this article didn't really cover the specifics. What would the tax be? Would it a flat dollar amount per transaction? That would make sense as it would focus more on those that do high volume traders. That wouldn't really impact me, as I already pay $9 per transaction. And I don't do many transactions. A couple dollars more, and I would be fine.   &gt; To answer your Enron example, no corporation would have enough power to actually do something like that if they didn't have at least partial backing by the government.  Ah, but corporations [edit - wouldn't] have the power to do much of anything without someone to enforce their policies. Name one market that doesn't have an enforcement agency of some type. That is a mighty big assumption that the ""free market"" would make it work... especially since one doesn't really exist.   And that would be the crux of my argument. All of the things you say about the perfection of the market to regulate itself is so far not proven.   Take a market like Kansas - over the last 6 years, they just underwent one of the largest deregulation, de-taxation experiments of any state in the union. The results were less than stellar. Kansas is lagging the national average in growth. And they took a hundred million dollar surplus and turned into a couple billion dollar deficit almost overnight. And who suffers, of course the most poor. They shut down schools, fired teachers, and shelved many infrastructure jobs - jobs that would have been fielded by lower wage workers... And those infrastructure projects were undoubtedly in lower income areas.   I would say, if you truly believe in what you preach then live it. Start a commune somewhere. Demonstrate how it is effective. That would have more power than preaching some amorphous unproveable policy over the internet."
It works across the entire city of London. This isn't a pipe dream with no real-life examples.  In reality, people watch out, drive slower, and keep their eyes open so they don't cross all the time. No one wants to die in the streets after all.  &gt; You lack common sense and to be honest, I have never have read anything so ridiculous.  This is the 'common sense' that I have lived with all my life in a city shared by millions of people in a first world country.   &gt; You are saying that despite the fact that it is not only safer for pedestrians to use a consistent and well known area to walk,  If people don't use cross walks, you should change the rules so drivers don't expect people to use cross walks and thus start paying attention to the *reality* that people are crossing all the time.  &gt; I can think of many reasons of why you lack any sort of logic, but I just don't have the time to pick apart why this is the worst comment I have ever read on reddit.  Nope you can't. I do dare you to though, because it'd be an interesting discussion.
"Greatowl's response is pretty cynical. I'm not a wall street analyst but I do read some of the research and there is a lot of respectable analysis out there. There are many smart analysts who consistently get poached from the equity research departments to join the buy side. I'd also contend that level of accuracy is an incomplete measure of performance. It doesnt matter if you're right or wrong, what matters is how much you make when you are right and how much you lose when you are wrong. Soros is purported to have a 30% ""batting average"" but the guy makes a killing when he's right (source: Inside the House of Money)."
"Bonds still definitely have a place in many passive portfolios.  While it is true that interest rates have been unusually low, yields on reasonable passive bond exposures are still around 2-4%.  This is significantly better than both recent past inflation and expected inflation both of which are near zero.   This is reasonable if not great return, but Bonds continue to have other nice properties like relatively low risk and diversification of stock portfolios (the ""offset[ing] losses"" you mention in the OP).  So to say that bonds are ""no longer a good idea"" is certainly not correct.  One could say bonds may no longer be a good idea for some people that have a particularly high risk tolerance and very high return requirements. However, to some extent, that has always been true. It is worth remembering also that there is some compelling evidence that global growth is starting to broadly slow down and many people believe that future stock returns and, in general, returns on all investments will be lower.  This is much much harder to estimate than bond returns though.  Depending on who you believe, bond returns may actually look relatively better than the have in the past. Edit in response to comment:  Corporate bond correlation with stocks is positive but generally not very strong (except for high-yield junk bonds) so while they don't offset stock volatility (negative correlation) they do help diversify a stock portfolio.  Government bonds have essentially zero correlation so they don't really offset volatility as much as just not add any.  Negative correlation assets are generally called insurance and you tend to have to pay for them.  So there is no free lunch here.  Assets that reduce risk cost money, assets that add little risk give less return and assets that are more risky tend to give more return in the long run but you can feel the pain.  The mix that is right for you depends on a lot of things, but for many people that mix involves some corporate and government bonds."
you asked for strategies which use deep in the money options:  dividend mispricing can use deep in the money options, basically its an arbitrage play on ex-dividend dates. and any kind of spread can use deep in the money options, depending on how wide you want your spread to be
Apple never gave the US government entrance into that terrorist's iPhone and it made their company look great.  It took extremely complicated and expensive security hackers from Europe to break in to the phone after a long time.  I think it was one of the guys from the Boston marathon bombing?  I don't know why my earlier comment got downvoted - it's the truth
This was such a wonderful and clear explanation. It has helped me to understand (at 28) a concept that I have always been a bit murky on. I would feel safe making the bet that you are a teacher of some sort. I would find it extremely interesting to hear you thoughts on why we don't use the gold standard anymore. Do you work in finance?
"Welsh had pushed the stock about as far as one could by using GE's capital as collateral to borrow money at rates much lower than banks.  So GE was able to out bank the banks for many years.  The problems with this all came back under Immelt.  Welsh sort of shit all over the culture of technology and engineering and Immelt was never able to recover that as the capital business fell apart.  The company really hasn't been able to make good choices.  Anything they buy does worse.  They need to stick to markets with a high cost of entry and long lead development times.  This is very contrary to the ""Silicon Valley"" tech world of today, but it is where GE has remained successful (See GE Medical and GE Aviation)."
Slippery slope logical fallacy. Nobody is talking about exceeding the GDP per capita, just increasing the minimum wage to a level where someone can actually survive without working 80 hours per week. As it stands, [there is not a single county in the nation where someone can afford to rent a 1 bedroom apartment on the current federal minimum wage](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/14/only-point-1-percent-of-us-minimum-wage-workers-can-afford-a-1-bedroom.html).
I'm old enough to remember when normal companies didn't openly associate their brands with politics, when Michael Jordan was willing to sell his shoes to Republicans as well as Democrats, and when companies and consumers weren't publicly shamed for their every perceived slight.   Yes, I know business and politics have always been intertwined, but we've reached a point of dysfunction that I've never witnessed.
"The Wikipedia page for Repurchase Agreement has two relevant pointers on this topic:  The legal title for any securities used in a repo actually pass from seller to buyer during the term of the agreement. In basic terms this means that if one sells a bond on repo with a promise to buy it back, then the ownership actually transfers to the buyer for that period of time.  If a coupon is paid during this time period, it can either go to the buyer or the seller. Usually, the coupon payment goes to the initial owner of the security pre-repo (our ""seller""). But sometimes the repurchase agreement will specify otherwise. So, again in basic terms, usually the repo seller/initial security owner receives any payments made during the term of the repurchase agreement. (Both points are in the first paragraph of the section ""Structure and Terminology"".)"
This.   White collar crime isn't currently prosecuted to the same degree as blue collar crime. Probably because it's not as visible in everyday life (as opposed to say, a kidnapping).  I'm glad to see this and I hope people are beginning to demand harsher punishments for these types of crimes.  In a world that is becoming increasingly more structured around financial markets, white collar criminals should be prosecuted accordingly as their actions can have significant consequences in the lives of numerous people.
The lifetime combat death rate for males in early Ireland and medieval Iceland was somewhere around 1/4 or so; it was absurdly high.  These also weren't modern societies that were dependent on large-scale projects to keep us all alive such as municipal water and electricity, and a functioning modern banking system.  I don't know anything about Quaker Pennsylvania. Details?
"I've tried Mint, and I've tried Quicken. Now, I think Quicken is an annoying, crashy little piece of software, but it is also quite capable; overall I think it has the features you want. You can enter your bills, broken down by category, in advance. You can enter your paychecks, broken down by category (gross income, federal income tax, state income tax, social security, SDI, transfers to tax-protected 401(k) account, etc) in advance. You can enter in your stock trades and it can tell you how much you'll need to end up paying in capital gains taxes. You can even enter in your stock option vesting schedule in advance (it's a royal pain because you can't go back and change anything without deleting everything, but you can do it). It'll forecast your bank account balance in all of your bank accounts in advance with a shiny chart. It'll even model your loans, if you set it up right. I didn't do too much with the ""budgeting"" tools per se, but the account-balances-daily features sound like the closest thing to what you're looking for that's likely to exist. The only thing that's a trifle tricky is that transfers from one account to another may take multiple days (hello, ACH) and you'll have to decide whether to record them at departure or arrival."
"Congratulations on the job offer!  That type of matching sounds good if you plan to stay at a company for more than a year. My experience has been that 401k matching can range from 2% up to 8% for your typical starting job, so a total of 6% is good. You would definitely want to contribute at least 5% to take advantage of the ""Free"" money. Loan provision could mean that loans from 401k are allowed. I did some research and found that not all company 401ks allow for you to take a loan out of your 401k. Typically this is bad practice since you are robbing your 401k of it's major advantage - tax free compound interest.  Source"
I don’t see this area turning around anytime soon. It’s extremely poverty ridden . Plus I believe a lot of the stipulations in buying one of these $100 homes is that you rehab it and live in it.   I’m not positive on the details though.   Last time this area was wealthy was during the al Capone era. He had a lot of money in it. But even that was ilegal money.
I started out in compliance at a software company, despite having little interest in compliance. I did that for ~2.5 years, then worked with my manager to arrange to work 10 hours/week in the Marketing department, then after ~6 months of that, I moved to Marketing full time. If you kick ass in whatever job you have and work on extra skills (learning to code/improving at Excel will give you lots of options, such as software engineer or data analyst positions), you ought to be able to parlay the experience you've gained plus the other skills you have into something you're more interested in. Most companies would rather keep a good employee in the building than risk losing him/her.
"Apartment complexes have had a long history of not accepting cash for payment of rent. This eliminates the problem of robbery and strongly reduces the risks of embezzlement.   THIS NOTE IS LEGAL TENDER FOR ALL DEBTS, PUBLIC AND PRIVATE  Article 1, Section 10 of the US Constitution states:   No State shall ... make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts Previous editions of banknotes stated that the notes were redeemable in gold or in lawful money. The Mint Act of 1792 set gold and silver as legal currency (and that one did not have to accept ""base metal coins"" for more than $10 which is why coin rolls only go up to $10). The Coinage Act of 1873 dropped silver and made gold the legal standard for currency. In 1933, the ""redeemable in gold"" was changed by federal statute and the legend you mention was added. Prior to 1933, someone could demand that you pay them in gold and not with a bank note. Legislation in 1933 ended that. This clause in the Constitution leads some political groups to wish to return to a gold standard. I recommend reading the book Greenback as it describes how our currency got the way it did and why that clause appears on currency."
No, you cannot. 401k must not be discriminatory, i.e.: you cannot have different matching for different employees.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://bruegel.org/2017/06/the-universal-basic-income-discussion/) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; UBI&amp;#039;s supporters generally propose UBI as a replacement for the current &amp;quot;Welfare state&amp;quot;, which may increase poverty and inequality rather than reduce them.  &gt; Some UBI proponents may argue that by ending current programs, we would reap large administrative savings that we could convert into UBI payments.  &gt; Doland took on the challenge and offered a taxonomy of three kinds of libertarians who might take a UBI very seriously, arguing that UBI could very well be a policy for pragmatic critics of well-intentioned but ineffective government, for classical liberals, and for advocates of personal freedom.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6grw2f/bruegel_the_universal_basic_income_discussion/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~142143 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **UBI**^#1 **benefit**^#2 **poverty**^#3 **Income**^#4 **Welfare**^#5"
"It's sad just how uninformed most of us are be default. Even a Google search of most politicians will only bring up a barebones summary and a bunch of opinion. Personally, I just can't spend the time each election to figure out what the actual nature of the folks running might be. Stress from work needs alleviation or I'll break down, normal life stuff takes over most of the time, and at the end of each day if I try and do any political research I'll just fall asleep with it on my phone's browser read half-way through. It's impossible to look at every decision someone has made and figure out the reason *without* a swarm of editorials, so if their opponents want to wave a few ""flip flops"" around I'd have *no* way of reliably working the truth from the lies. Not to mention that Google et all filter my results, so anything positive about people I don't like and criticism of people I do like is buried beneath stuff that affirms my bias.  In the end, it's a mess that makes it impossible for me to do a damn thing if I wish to be a responsible voter, so I just don't vote. This leaves the polls to those who vote with their hearts closed and wallets own."
This sounds like a grumpy old man more than anything.  &gt;He said that if Obama is re-elected and imposes Obamacare and higher taxes, he may just have to let more of his remaining 7,000 workers go. He said he might even shut down the company.   That's just poor leadership.  If I don't win, I'm just taking my ball home so no one can play.  In other news, a new resort company was launched in a territory left unoccupied by Westgate Resorts.  Properties in Orlando and Branson selling for below market prices.  Plenty of well-trained workers are immediately available.
Yes.  Short and sweet.
"Then can you elaborate on what you meant by ""at the end of the day, fiat currencies are based on trust and accountability of the government""?  I would normally *agree* with that statement, but your use of it as a point of concern in your previous post appears to contradict what you just said."
Technically you owe 'self-employment' taxes not FICA taxes because they are imposed under a different law, SECA. However, since SE taxes are by design exactly the same rates as combining the two halves of FICA (employer and employee) it is quite reasonable to treat them as equivalent. SE taxes (and income tax also) are based on your net self-employment income, after deducting business expenses (but not non-business items like your home mortgage, dependent exemptions, etc which factor only into income tax). You owe SE Medicare tax 2.9% on all your SE net income (unless it is under $400) adjusted down by 7.65% to compensate for the fact that the employer half of FICA is excluded from gross income before the employee half is computed. You owe SE Social Security tax 12.4% on your adjusted SE net income unless and until the total income subject to FICA+SECA, i.e. your W-2 wages plus your adjusted SE net income, exceeds a cap that varies with inflation and is $127,200 for 2017. OTOH if FICA+SECA income exceeds $200k single or $250k joint you owe Additional Medicare tax 0.9% on the excess; if your W-2 income (alone) exceeds this limit your employer should withhold for it. However the Additional Medicare tax is part of 'Obamacare' (PPACA) which the new President and Republican majorities have said they will 'repeal and replace'; whether any such replacement will affect this for TY 2017 is at best uncertain at this point. Yes SE taxes are added to income tax on your 1040 with schedule SE attached (and schedule C/CEZ, E, F as applicable to your business) (virtually so if you file electronically) and paid together. You are supposed to pay at least 90% during the year by having withholding increased on your W-2 job, or by making 'quarterly' estimated payments (IRS quarters are not exactly quarters, but close), or any combination. But if this is your first year (which you don't say, but someone who had gone through this before probably wouldn't ask) you may get away with not paying during the year as normally required; specifically, if your W-2 withholding is not enough to cover your increased taxes for this year (because of the additional income and SE taxes) but it is enough to cover your tax for the previous year and your AGI that year wasn't over $150k, then there is a 'safe harbor' and you won't owe any form-2210 penalty -- although you must keep enough money on hand to pay the tax by April 15. But for your second year and onwards, your previous year now includes SE amounts and this doesn't help. Similar/related:
The mathematics make it easier to understand why this is the case. Using very bad shorthand, d1 and d2 are inputs into N(), and N() can be expressed as the probability of the expected value or the most probable value which in this case is the discounted expected stock price at expiration. d1 has two σs which is volatility in the numerator and one in the denominator.  Cancelling leaves one on top.  Calculating when it's infinity gives an N() of 1 for S and 0 for K, so the call is worth S and the put PV(K).  At 0 for σ, it's the opposite. More concise is that any mathematical moment be it variance which mostly influences volatility, mean which determines drift, or kurtosis which mostly influences skew are all uncertanties thus costs, so the higher they are, the higher the price of an option. Economically speaking, uncertainties are costs.  Since costs raise prices, and volatility is an uncertainty, volatility raises prices. It should be noted that BS assumes that prices are lognormally distributed.  They are not.  The closest distribution, currently, is the logVariance Gamma distribution.
"Assuming you are executing your order on a registered exchange by a registered broker, your order will be filled at the best bid price available.  This is because brokers are legally obliged to get the best price available. For example, if the market is showing a bid of 49.99 and an offer of 50.01 and you submit an order to offer 1000 shares at 5.00, your order will be filled at 49.99.  This is assuming the existing bids are for enough shares to fill all of the 1000 shares being offered.  If the share you are offering lacks the necessary liquidity to fill the order - i.e., the 49.99 bid is for less than 1000 shares and the ""level two"" bids are not enough to fill the remaining shares, then the order would be posted in the market as an offer to sell the balance (1000 - shares filled at 49.99 and those filled at level two bids) at 5.00.   I'm pretty sure that the scenario you are describing would be described as market manipulation and it would be against the law."
For the mechanices/terms of stock investing, I recommend Learn to Earn by Peter Lynch. I also like The Little Book of Common Sense Investing by John Bogle. It explains why indexing is the best choice for most people. For stock picking, a good intro is The Little Book of Value Investing by Chris Brown. And then there is The Intelligent Investor by Ben Graham. IMO, this is the bible of investing.
"Yes, this is a miscellaneous itemized deduction. https://www.irs.gov/publications/p529/ar02.html For this to impact your taxes, you have to be itemizing deductions (have total deductions greater than standard deduction), and the total of all miscellaneous deductions needs to exceed the ""2% floor"" described in the IRS link above."
This problem is unfixable. Maybe the future holds a world where everyone will understand basic computing, how to use technology in a functional way and probably how programing works at a fundamental level and even then you may still have insufferable morons with too much power running business.
"Generally speaking, so-called ""hard assets"" (namely gold or foreign currency), durable goods, or property that produces income is valuable in a situation where a nation's money supply is threatened.  Gold is the universal hard asset. If you have access to a decent market, you can buy gold as bullion, coins and jewelry. Small amounts are valuable and easy to conceal. The problem with gold is that it is often marked up alot... I'm not sure how practical it is in a poor developing nation. A substitute would be a ""harder"" currency. The best choice depends on where you live. Candidates would be the US Dollar, Euro, Australian Dollar, Yen, etc. The right choice depends on you, the law in your jurisdiction, your means and other factors."
"One common rule of thumb: you can probably get 4% or better returns on your investments ('""typical market rate of return is 8%, derate to allow for inflation and off years). Figure out what kind of income you will want in retirement and divide by 0.04 to get the savings you need to accumulate to support that.   This doesn't allow for the fact that your needs are also going to increase with inflation; you can make a guess at that and use an inflated needs estimate.  Not sophisticated,  not precise, but it's a quick and dirty ballpark estimate. And sometimes it's surprisingly close to what a proper model would say."
Median household income is rising, but it is far below the level before the Great Recession, and even then, it was still stagnating. What this means is that the economy is running on stimulus, and unless median household income not only regains the level before the Great Recession but also rises at the rate before the 1970s, we are only heading for a future economic correction bigger that the Great Recession and most likely bigger than the Great Depression relatively in every way.
"Wow. It's clear I'm outnumbered.  When I'm approached with the question (and keep in mind, it's usually a couple data points and little else) ""I am getting started, with no other money do I fund a retirement or emergency account?"" I often suggest they put the funds into a Roth, in a money market fund, and treat it like an emergency account. If there's in fact an emergency, there's no penalty to withdraw the deposit and we're talking peanuts for interest today.  With no emergency, two things could happen: A) As the account grows beyond what's needed for emergencies, the excess can be invested long term. B) As the investor earns more money and saves up enough to have a true emergency account separate from the IRA, the Roth can be fully invested long term. The 'Bad idea' stems from the view that one is using their Roth as an emergency account, which of course is bad. The subtle difference is one has no retirement savings and puts their Emergency account into the otherwise unused Roth. As time passes, they've protected more funds to grow tax free.  In the end, the most important thing is whether the person is saving and not tapping for simple non-emergency things. I'd rather see a guy with $25K in his Roth and no other funds than to have $5000 in his bank account because every time it gets larger he feels compelled to spend it.  My answer to Matt is to treat it for now as you intended, low risk, CD or cash (money market)."
The snide answer is because they can. The psychological answer is that it drives loyalty. Because you have spent money on the membership, you are more likely to go back several times in the year in order to get your money's worth. Once you are in the store, impulsiveness can have its way with you, as you leave the store with a cart full of items that you didn't know you needed until you saw their low price.
Gonna have to disagree with you there. I've literally worked places where the boss talks about going on vacation to Europe all the time while most of the workforce are on food stamps because they aren't paid a fair wage. Gets pretty old struggling to eat while the ones at the top are being propped up by stolen wages. People talk about tax being theft when I'd argue it's the ones at the top taking an ever increasing piece of the pie who are stealing from everyone.
No, if you are a nonresident alien, you cannot deduct sales tax. You can only deduct state income tax. 1040NR Schedule A (which is page 3 of 1040NR) does not contain an option for sales tax, like 1040 Schedule A does. If you are a resident alien, then you can deduct sales tax.
"&gt; is it worth the risk to give up ""guaranteed"" money welding to take the risk and run another location  I think not.  you're acting smarter now than 90%+ of college kids who are clueless and are going to end up flipping MBA burgers  welding is a very in-demand professional skill.  I read recently some earn up to $180,000 per year for mission critical welding like planes, space ships, some military applications, precision equipment etc  plus, there's no reason to commit to anything now.  you have to wait for the man in control to pass along, a new location to be selected and built and nearly open for business for you to think about it  stay the course.  you're doing great"
That's what patents are for. You're given a monopoly on your idea for a period of time. Now I think the period of time is too great, and I don't think patents should apply to software or living organisms, but that was their intended purpose.
Whenever one takes a distribution from an IRA, it cannot be put back into an IRA unless one is doing something like (a) take a distribution from the IRA as a rollover where the owner gets cash in hand to be sent to the new IRA custodian within 60 days, and (b) deposit the money with the new IRA custodian within the prescribed time period. For distributions taken by a first-time home purchaser to buy or rebuild a home, the money can be put back and treated as a rollover up to 120 days after receiving it (Publication 590, page 51, column 2). Note also that distributions taken for  first-time homebuying lose their Qualified Distribution status if not paid to the seller (or bank, for closing costs etc) within 120 days of receipt of the distribution (Publication 590, page 51, column 1). However, one  cannot take a distribution from an IRA, no matter whether the sum comes from contributions, earnings, or previous rollovers, and put the money back into the IRA a few years down the road as having been unnecessarily withdrawn.   What you want to do -- take out some money out of your IRA to buy a house and  put the money back into the IRA later -- is effectively an interest-free loan from your IRA (even if you don't call it a loan or think of it as a loan), and you  are not allowed to do this (except in the special circumstances described above). On the other hand, unless you have a very atypical 401k plan, you can take a loan from your 401k (you will have to pay interest, though) and pay it back over several years. Thus, taking a loan from your 401k might be something you could consider as an alternative to withdrawing money from your IRA. But be aware that there are restrictions on how much you can borrow from your 401k, and usually you cannot withdraw employer match money, even if it has vested. Also, the loan becomes immediately due upon termination of employment, even if the termination was involuntary (i.e. the  employee was laid off or fired).
With interest rates so low it could take a while.   I agree with your capital comment but one key thing to remember is that the entire company would now change and the long-term viability of it could be jeopardized. Shareholders would focus on short-term, mainly quarterly results at the expense of long-term investment and growth strategies.   This is also a reason as to why we're seeing relatively fewer IPOs in recent years compared to earlier time periods despite the value of the market growing.
"As a general rule in many countries, pyramid schemes are illegal, so don't plan on getting rich anytime soon by being involved in one.  Anything you earn through such a scheme is subject to forfeiture because it is ill-gotten gains. The entire basis of a pyramid scheme is that the focus is principally on recruiting new ""downlines"", not selling a product or service.  I would strongly advise you to find a different way to riches.   Multi-level marketing very rarely makes much money for anyone except the first people in the food chain, and the odds of finding such an early-stage opportunity are exceedingly small.  For every successful MLM program there are probably 25 that never make it off the launch pad.  Be honest in asking yourself -- if it was really that easy, why wouldn't everyone just get into MLM?  It's more hype than substance.  Do you know who buys most of the product?  The newest people who ""drink the Koolaid"", because they're convinced they need to have plenty of inventory on hand for their potential customers.  I can't tell you how many people I know who spent hundreds or even thousands of dollars on buying product they never managed to sell.  It's much tougher than people think, even with a good product."
"I didn't have time to expand my reply from earlier to your comment, but please show me exactly what ""issues I don't understand"" and how I ""look like an idiot"".   It's not very often I get called an idiot or that I don't understand something when the person directing those at me hasn't even made a comment addressing the issue this article discusses."
&gt; Isn't the whole point of a private flight that you don't have strangers on it?  I've never flown private buy have been invited to a few times.  The biggest appeal for me would be avoiding all of the bullshit that comes with flying commercial.  Gross and uncomfortable seats, annoying delays, getting felt up by the TSA, having to get to the airport two hours early at times due to significant lines at security.  If I could avoid all that crap and just had to deal with a couple I didn't know also on the jet, sign me up.
You bought an overpriced hot dog once (hypothetical)  It met your need at the moment and benefitted no one else except for you and the person selling it.   The point of the free market is that it's free. People can buy what they want and sell what they want. There's an agreed upon exchange. That's business
"For sure, the engineer was told to do that by someone in management who was told to do that by someone higher in management.   So, in the trial, the engineer did not say who told him/her to do that?  P/S: for a VERY LARGE sum of money, I will go for 3 years in white-collar ""prison"" and not say who told me to do that."
For the present if you can't figure out anything big with a small budget,  then start something small e.g Make brownies,  bake cakes etc experiment and put up your name tag on the product and see if your friends buy some stock from you,  then link them all on facebook.  If you are good with your product,  people wouldn't care a lot about the packaging add-ons or frills and if orders start coming consistently well, then implement your book build systems, jack up prices,  etc. But don't blow all your cash on day one if don't have a queue waiting for your goodies.
"Consumer Reports ranks each model year so I'm not sure what you mean by ""first wave"". It wasn't till this year that the Model S rose to ""average"", it was poor or below average up to last year, which is well past ""first wave"". The Model X still ranks poor."
Trying to make money on something going down is inherently more complicated, risky and speculative than making money on it going up.  Selling short allows for unlimited losses.  Put options expire and have to be rebought if you want to keep playing that game.  If you are that confident that the European market will completely crash (I'm not, but then again, I tend to be fairly contrarian) I'd recommend just sitting it out in cash (possibly something other than the Euro) and waiting until it gets so ridiculously cheap due to panic selling that it defies all common sense.  For example, when companies that aren't completely falling apart are selling for less than book value and/or less than five times prior peak earnings that's a good sign.  Another indicator is when you hear absolutely nothing other than doom-and-gloom and people swearing they'll never buy another stock as long as they live.  Then buy at these depressed prices and when all the panic sellers realize that the world didn't end, it will go back up.
What sort of control is the US exercising if it has to use Air strikes in a residential Area of the Capital?  How does shit for brains imagine that he is going to run a Multi Trillion $ Mining operation in the Mountains where the Taliban actually live and there is no road or infrastructure?  Maybe he was just being an ignorant asshole when he decided to send more troops, when he could simply have just walked away.
"Here's what's going to happen: At the last minute, he's going to ""discover"" that for some reason first you must send him $10,000.  He'll tell you not to worry, as he's still going to send you $40,000... now $50,000. In fact, he's going to tell you that he'll send you $60,000 and tell you to keep the $10,000 as a ""finders fee"". Then you will send him, $10,000 and he will walk away with your $10,000.  You'll never hear from him again. This is a very common scam. The best way to avoid it is not to tell him you won't do it for IRS reasons. The best thing to do is to stop accepting email from him and (optionally) report him to law enforcement."
"Depends on your frame of reference. If I say it's been a hot topic at work ""lately"" I highly doubt showing a visible spike in Google searches for a stock market crash in 2017 is misleading. If anything, it reinforces the notion that there presently is increased interest in the topic.  Looking"
Too bad if they pulled something like this my family would cancel all of our subscriptions, and I suspect many other people would do the same.  These numbers are bullshit because they would mean every password sharer would become a paying customer and that's never going to happen.  It's easy enough to stream everything these days and the content on Netflix is so shitty right now this would absolutely be the straw that breaks the camels back for me.  You can't offer worse content while increasing the
No, you shouldn't buy it. The advice here is to keep any existing holdings but not make new purchases of the stock.
Two weeks of maybe 2-4 hours a day. Tried to read the book and got through like 2 chapters.  Primarily took 100 question practice exams, read the questions I got wrong, then took another exam. Passed with an 86 and it only took like 2 hrs to get through.   Probably matters quite a bit if you have a finance background though. No idea what it would be like without one.   Edit: used the Knopman Marks books (which use Q bank for exam questions).  Edit 2: Sorry, that was the series 79. And I only got an 82.
If you arent sure what field you want to be in, then accounting is your best bet by far IMO.  It's applicable to investment banking, investment management, and corporate finance and just in general it's incredibly useful to understand accounting rules. Even if you end up in Sales one day, it's useful to know exactly how to read a P&amp;L properly or how revenue recognition and return accruals work, for example.  My recco would be for financial accounting if you havent done those courses yet. Cost Accounting can also be very useful, especially for corporate finance jobs.  If you do more accounting courses, basically what will happen is you will become a more well-polished Finance candidate.  Now, if you are trying to keep more options open and think you might want to have options in more general business fields (i.e. Consulting, Brand Management, etc.) then branch out and take Marketing, Stats, etc.  What I would again not recommend though is taking a programming class. There just arent many jobs where knowing a little bit of Java or Python helps that much. Most companies prefer to have business specialists (e.g. people with finance/accounting/marketing knowledge) and IT/software specialists. If you want to be some kind of Product Manager for a tech company or a quant I suppose you could try to go all in on the programming- take 4, 5, 6 courses to really develop a noticeable background. Taking 1 Java class just has a low marginal return because you wont know anything meaningful to participate seriously in engineering/tech discussions and you will have missed an opportunity to become even more useful as a business specialist with deeper finance/accounting/marketing knowledge.
You can use a service like Transferwise to send money. The trick is that they allow sending money to yourself, from a GBP account to an EUR account, effectively making it an exchange shop. Their rates are usually very good, with the transfers happening on the same day most of the time.
Is there a place to discuss Investment Strategy? Particularly as it pertains to Global Macro and a variety of asset classes ? Alot of the investing subreddits seem to be based around equity investment only, and focused on US large cap for the most part. I rarely ever see posts about EM equities which have outperformed this year for example, and it would be great to talk about things like Asset Allocation.
As you have income from Business / Profession, you would need to use form ITR4S
If you are buying your order will be placed in Bid list. If you are selling your order will be placed in the Ask list. The highest Bid price will be placed at the top of the Bid list and the lowest Ask price will be placed at the top of the Ask list. When a Bid and Ask price are matched a transaction will take place and it will the last traded price. If you are looking to buy at a lower price, say $155.01, your Bid price will be placed 3rd in the Bid list, and unless the Ask prices fall to that level, your order will remain in the list until it trades, it expires or you cancel it. If prices don't fall to you Bid price you will not get a trade. If you wanted your trade to go through you could either place a limit buy order closer to the lowest Ask price (however this is still not a certainty), or to be certain place a market buy order which will trade at the lowest Ask price.
I don't think they could have done anything besides what they did.  There's plenty of cheaper alternatives that no one talks about because they're not as good.  Lego has been the world leader for decades because of its commitment to perfection.  I'm guessing their boom had a lot to do with their diversification.  They went pretty strong into TV shows, movies, video games...all of which are getting old.
What you were told isn't an absolute truth, so trying to counter something fundamentally flawed won't get you anywhere.  For example: chinese midcap equities are up 20% this year, even from their high of 100%. While the BSE Sensex in India is down several percentage points on the year. Your portfolio would have lost money this year taking advice from your peers. The fluctuation in the rupees and remnibi would not have changed this fact. What you are asking is a pretty common area of research, as in several people will write their dissertation on the exact same topic every year, and you should be able to find various analysis and theories on the subject. But the macroeconomic landscape changes, a lot.
If your Facebook is public and has things that could keep you from getting a job, of course you should change the privacy settings, at the very least.  It's pretty basic.  I once searched for a guy on Myspace who talked shit about the company he was interviewing with.  On his Myspace.  Publicly.  He didn't get the job.
I completely agree, but this is not different from going to make a coffee or get another beer, go to bathroom do any number of 2 minute tasks that would traditionally be done in the ad break on TV.
"&gt;If you have more people in an insurance pool, premium costs go down, which is the whole point of the individual mandate.  The costs depend very, Very, VERY much on WHO the people in the ""pool"" are -- actuarial data shows that older people (almost invariably and by definition) have significantly higher costs, ergo this is why their premiums have been higher (or if a particular pool has an inordinate number of older people in it, why everyone in that pool's premiums are higher, because they are essentially an *average*; and the younger members are in essence subsidizing the older ones -- conversely if a firm has almost entirely young, single people, premium costs are significantly {*significantly*} lower).  One of the things the legislation does though is place an artificial limitation of the premium price differential -- ergo younger people will (across the board) be seeing a HUGE increase in premium costs (because the law is essentially mandating a major increased operating LOSS on the older pool members, the cost WILL be shifted to the younger people).  End result is that premiums for younger people will increase several times over -- which will make buying a policy (which in the past was relatively cheap for young &amp; healthy people) a significantly more difficult burden -- and that will *naturally* make paying the ""fine"" far more financially pragmatic.  This is especially true since the OTHER provision of the law is that known pre-existing conditions cannot be used to exclude or change the premium cost -- so, should the individual be diagnosed with something they can, after the fact, still purchase coverage.  Basically it is like being able to buy a lottery ticket AFTER the number have been drawn.  It is an inherently unstable and unsustainable system."
"With no written agreement in place, the ""right"" rate is whatever both parties can agree to. I could argue that I could have invested the money in S&P 500 index funds and made about 9% annually over the last 15 years and the 15,000 would have been over 40,000.  The ""fair"" rate would be whatever rate of return could have been expected from whatever your father would have done with the money otherwise - keep it in a bank account, pay off debt, invest in the market, start a business, whatever.  Your father has the benefit of hindsight to know what would have been a good use of the funds over 15 years. Using the rate of inflation results in effectively a zero-percent loan in real interest terms (meaning no profit was made, just accounting for the time value of money). Both parties need to either decide on an amount or equivalent rate, or decide if squeezing the other for a few thousand Euros is worth the strife."
You've never heard of Halliburton?  Granted that was Cheney.  Cheney received received $398,548 in deferred compensation from Halliburton while Vice President.  Don't remember him going to jail.  And let's not forget the Bush's.  They had numerous investments in oil companies.  What's the best way to drive up oil prices?  War in the Middle East of course.  Vice President/President Gerald Ford also was criticized for his investments.  This nothing new.  Presidents are allowed to continue to operate their businesses.  And I can't think of a single one that was ever punished for doing that.  Honestly what I like about Trump compared with other Republicans is the fact he has no interest in war.   He has absolutely nothing to gain from war.  And every interest in peace.  War would probably hurt his businesses.  Look at the cease fire in Syria.  Look at how he ended a CIA program arming Syrian rebels.  That very different from what was happening under Obama and Clinton at the State Department.
"All this ""dirty laundry"" talk is really dumb. I'm very close to someone who was in a boar meeting 2 weeks before this happened and I can tell you that all this is justa  result of Pandit not getting along or not living up to the expectations of the president of the board.  He told Pandit he didnt think he was doing so good, Pandit told him he thought he was doing great and said ""if you dont like it I can leave"". 2 days later he was gone"
There are other ways to pay for college besides loans. Like joining the military.   EDIT:  Please explain why this comment was downvoted.  It's a statement of fact.  My best friend paid for his college via ROTC and is doing much better in in his post-military civilian career than other peers who opted to go the direct college route.
I've had zero taxable income for the past 2 years and yet the calculations say I owe the government $250 for each year for the Self Employment tax.  How can they charge a non-zero tax on my income when my taxable income is zero?  That is theft. That demands reform.
"I hear you (and those answering) use the words ""my money"" (or ""me to pay for stuff"") The sooner that ends, the better off you'll both be. My wife and I do have our own checking accounts that we maintain so she can write a check without notifying me, or I can buy her a birthday/mother's day/ etc gift without it showing in the joint account, but nearly all money flows through our joint account. Before we were married, the joint bank accounts were opened as was the joint brokerage account.  You need to work on the budget as a single project and without judging. It's good that your incomes are similar, it makes the dynamics of pooling seem more fair, but for those where one spouse is making far more than the other, the impulse to 'chip in' equally towards bills leaves the lower earner with nothing.  Will your wife go back to work after a maternity leave? Once she's back, and working for a time, things will settle down a bit. There's a postpartum time that's difficult. Women who have been through it will tell you that it can be pretty bad, and the best a guy can do is be understanding and supportive. As long as you are talking ""we"" with your wife, she'll see that you are both in it together. At the risk of sounding sexist, Women's clothing needs are different than men's. I could get away with owning 5 suits which could be replaced at the rate of one per year. If not for my wife, I can see in my own daughter how clothing makes her feel good about herself, and while I'm frugal with most of our budget, my clothing questions are 2 - Will it last? & Will it match other pieces you have? Therefore, clothing gets a line item all its own in the budget.  There are a number of financial things to consider, but I see you are in the UK, so I'll generalize. In the States, there are pretax benefits to help care for a child under 13 (called a dependent care account) and for medical expenses not covered by insurance (called flexible spending account). These let you take money from your pay pretax to use for specific expenses. If UK offers similar, I invite a user to edit the detail into my answer.  Last - once the kid comes into our lives, there's little room for many of the late teen/early 20's spending. Comics? DVDs? Those are the low hanging fruit of wasted money. Saving for retirement, and for University for the kid take priority.  I'm not one to quote cliches but a friend once offered this observation - ""If you are not happy but your wife is happy, you are still far happier than if you were happy but your wife is not happy."""
Perhaps this is lasting result of the recession.  I realize that the article specifically states that Lego notably grew and profited through the recession. However, other parts of society and other markets didn't. Now, years later, perhaps those other scenarios are affecting Lego's market.  Specifically, I'm drawing a parallel to my personal experience. My kids were born just before the recession. Their grade is the largest grade in the school system. Every grade behind them (the kids born during the recession) is significantly smaller. Whatever the driver(s) was, people were having fewer kids during the recession.   Further, although the general view is that the recession is over and the stock markets are back, household spending and income continues to stagnate.  With fewer kids and a reluctance to spend, perhaps people in the US and Europe just aren't buying as many premium toys.
&gt; Say profits are 100mil, and a dividend is payed. Say 50 mil worth is payed out as dividend and 30 mil is kept as retained earnings for future investment.  This does not equate. Out of net income, it is only possible to either reinvest (retained earning) or payout (repurchase or dividend). You can't have a $20m gap there.  &gt; Can the remaining 20 mil be distributed to shareholders A and B, so that they both get 10mil each?  What makes them entitled to a separate, special dividend over the other shareholders?  &gt; Can certain shareholders be favored and get a bigger cut of profits than the dividends pay out is my question basically.  It kinda sounds like you're describing preferred equity, but doing it in a rather round-about way.
I'd imagine it is the same for an adult. The money probably gets withdrawn and that's it.  However, if the scammer were to go to a branch in person, I'd imagine there would need to be some sort of photo identification to withdraw money. If it were online, then the scammer would also need the account holder's username and password.  Either way, chances are that once the money is gone, it's gone - unless the scammer can be found. Even then, the scammer might not have that money anymore.
You are correct. She cannot claim the initial loss of $1,000 on her taxes, she can only report the $500 profit. However, the IRS does allow her to add the $1,000 loss to the basis cost of her replacement shares. e.g.
Some things will get better (technological advances) and some will get worse (war) and who is president will have only the most peripheral influence on these things.  Plan for the economy to reflect an increasing dependence on automation and a decreasing dependence on human labor.  Social sciences will need to redefine what 'work' means to a population increasingly geared towards disassociation from the means of production.
The main things to ask about are going to revolve around the best way to structure your business. Know what your plans are for partnership. Know whether or not you'll need a lot of up front capital, and if you'll be subjected to an abnormal amount of risk in the course of day to day operations. If you'll be working with one or more partners, ask for help with an operating agreement. You'll find out whether or not you need an accountant throughout these discussions.   Edit: Going through those points will enable your lawyer to help you file under the appropriate structure. Ask for help with anything you're unsure about.
Public Securities Association Standard Prepayment Model is what the acronym psa stands for.  My understanding is that it allows for adjustments in monthly pre-payment amounts, which will then affect the yield of the bond.  Not really sure what the most important bond measure would be... but if I had to guess I'd say its the mechanical bond price/ bond yield relationship.  Yields go down, prices go up and vice versa.
Paying off the high-interest debt is a good first start. Paying interest, or compound interest on debt is like paying somebody to make you poor. As for your 401k, you want to contribute enough to get the full match from your employer. You might also consider checking out the fees associated with your 401k with an online fee analyzer. If it turns out you're getting reamed with fees, you can reduce them by fiddling with your investments. Checking your investment options is always a good idea since jobs frequently change them. Opening an IRA is a good call. If you're eligible for both Roth and Traditional IRAs, consider the following: Most financial institutions (brokers or banks) can help you open an IRA in a matter of minutes. If you shop around, you will find very cheap or even no fee options. Many brokers might try to get your business by giving away something for ‘free.' Just make sure you read the fine print so you understand the conditions of their promotional offer.  Whichever IRA you choose, you want to make sure that it's managed properly. Some people might say, ‘go for it, do it yourself’ but I strongly disagree with that approach. Stock picking is a waste of time and market timing rarely works.  I'd look into flat fee financial advisors. You have lots of options. Just make sure they hear you out, and can design/execute an investment plan specific to your needs At a minimum, they should: Hope this is helpful.
its about going all in instead of lets say keeping a half time job as backup, or maybe its about not doing something that is best for the business and doing something that will be easier to get rid of in case things dont work out (a different way of not going all in)
What a bunch of idiots, I worked for Lowe's and their entire computer backend is ancient as fuck and a huge mess. I don't know if they still do it but before I left they bought a shit ton of iphones for basically scanning a product's tag so it can show you the product in front of you, only now on an iphone screen. They basically were trying to force you to use these iphones but they didn't really have a purpose, they did what we already did only now with an extra layer of obfuscation. And then once you were done with the phone if you had to do any kind of ordering or lookup you had to get on the computer anyways and enter all your shit into their ancient backend anyways. Product counts were never even reliable, someone always fucked something at some point in time so it might be accurate, it might say you have -2 products, it might say you have 3 products when the store only stocks one at a time. Plus all the crazy stupid shit they make employees do on computers, or take shitty tests to learn about what you are selling, except you have been selling those products you are just now suppose to be learning about for the past 6 months already.
Bond ETFs are traded like normal stock.  It just so happens to be that the underlying fund (for which you own shares) is invested in bonds.  Such funds will typically own many bonds and have them laddered so that they are constantly maturing.  Such funds may also trade bonds on the OTC market. Note that with bond ETFs you're able to lose money as well as gain depending on the situation with the bond market.  The issuer of the bond does not need to default in order for this to happen.  The value of a bond (and thus the value of the bond fund which holds the bonds) is, much like a stock, determined based on factors like supply/demand, interest rates, credit ratings, news, etc.
&gt; But so long as the incremental improvement to your bottom line is there, the investment is sound, with or without taxes.  wat  If E(ROA)&gt;0 it's a sound investment? Not at all.  &gt; any investment the company makes that improves their net income automatically means more money for the company  Where is this money coming from? If it's debt-financed it escapes corporate tax rate because interest payments are deductible. Is it coming from the company's retained earnings? We have less of that now because we hiked up the corporate tax rate.   Your argument also neglects the impact corporate taxes have on equity financing and corporate leverage.
I would recommend to live in Harrison area if you work in Jersey City. Less city life but also lower living cost.
I personally keep my LinkedIn and personal website updated and go to plenty of developer meetings. Fuck stagnation.I'm not about to work in a field for a single penny less than I make now. If I was doing development the company culture should be better and management should be respectful of my time at the least, but trying to work for the pittance they try to put out is ridiculous when you know your skills will earn them double what you make (or more.)
"Not in the case of Steve Jobs!  He failed with Lisa, Macintosh, Newton, Next, almost brought Apple to bankruptcy, loss control of his company, and a terrible personality.  His ""success"" was the work of many gray people whom he took advantage of. Apple II was all Steve Wozniak idea and creation. Also the iPod and iPhone are other people ideas and creations.  Steve, was very good in marketing. Excellent in that area. That's it."
"My question boiled down: Do stock mutual funds behave more like   treasury bonds or commodities? When I think about it, it seems that   they should respond the devaluation like a commodity. I own a quantity   of company shares (not tied to a currency), and let's assume that the   company only holds immune assets. Does the real value of my stock   ownership go down? Why? On December 20, 1994, newly inaugurated President Ernesto Zedillo   announced the Mexican central bank's devaluation of the peso between   13% and 15%.  Devaluing the peso after previous promises not to do so   led investors to be skeptical of policymakers and fearful of   additional devaluations. Investors flocked to foreign investments and   placed even higher risk premia on domestic assets. This increase in   risk premia placed additional upward market pressure on Mexican   interest rates as well as downward market pressure on the Mexican   peso.  Foreign investors anticipating further currency devaluations   began rapidly withdrawing capital from Mexican investments and selling   off shares of stock as the Mexican Stock Exchange plummeted. To   discourage such capital flight, particularly from debt instruments,   the Mexican central bank raised interest rates, but higher borrowing   costs ultimately hindered economic growth prospects. The question is how would they pull this off if it's a floatable currency.  For instance, the US government devalued the US Dollar against gold in the 30s, moving one ounce of gold from $20 to $35.   The Gold Reserve Act outlawed most private possession of gold, forcing   individuals to sell it to the Treasury, after which it was stored in   United States Bullion Depository at Fort Knox and other locations. The   act also changed the nominal price of gold from $20.67 per troy ounce   to $35. But now, the US Dollar is not backed by anything, so how do they devalue it now (outside of intentionally inflating it)?  The Hong Kong Dollar, since it is fixed to the US Dollar, could be devalued relative to the Dollar, going from 7.75 to 9.75 or something similar, so it depends on the currency. As for the final part, ""does the real value of my stock ownership go down"" the answer is yes if the stock ownership is in the currency devalued, though it may rise over the longer term if investors think that the value of the company will rise relative to devaluation and if they trust the market (remember a devaluation can scare investors, even if a company has value). Sorry that there's too much ""it depends"" in the answer; there are many variables at stake for this.  The best answer is to say, ""Look at history and what happened"" and you might see a pattern emerge; what I see is a lot of uncertainty in past devaluations that cause panics."
I can't decide what to do about apple. Huge market share, huge gobs of cash that they don't know what to do with, huge eps and potential to be the best dividend stock of all time. But they have basically one product that carries the entire organization, the i-phone, which i personally don't like. How do i think about that company? Is it super low risk, or actually super high risk? I just don't know.
WRONG. Assuming each account has the same investment option the rate of return is not dependent on the initial amount of money in the account, but rather the allocation amongst said investment. Suppose based on your investment allocation in either account you gain 10% interest over the year.  In the first scenario your ending balance will be (30000+4800)*1.10 = $38,280.  In the second scenario your first account will be worth 30000*1.10 = $33,000, and the second account will be worth 4800*1.10 = 5280, for a total of 33000+5280 = $38,280.
This is what helped me.  - I did my own taxes - get your own job, not from your parents, or parents friends, but entirely by yourself. Complete independence will equate to financial independence - Wikipedia (for specifics and definitions) paired with finance genre movies - audiobook, or YouTube video, 'why an economy grows, and why it doesnt'   That's a good start. Good luck!   Don't be too gung ho to invest and all that crap, you got lots too learn. Rule 1: don't be too eager, that's how you lose all your money! My best financial investments to date were:  1) my education (engineering) 2) I didn't pay my student loan off, instead, I bought a property, and I made $70,000 in 8 months off of one, and $100,000 off of another one in 2 years,  3) still making minimum payments on my student loan, a dollar today is worth more than a dollar tomorrow  4) pack my own lunches every day, eating out every meal ends up costing more than most mortgage payments.   This is in Vancouver BC, Canada.
"Oh that's easy just google relevant deals and you should find CIMs online. Here is a link to an example. I just googled ""confidential information memorandum"". I'd air on the side of caution in having these shared directly from a client considering the information is confidential.   https://barbadosunderground.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/cahill-energy-translation_seekpanda-english1.pdf"
"As you clarified in the comments, it is not a contract work but rather an additional temporary assignment with the same employer. You were paid for it in form of a ""bonus"" - one time irregular payment, instead of regular periodic payments. Irregular wage payments fall under the flat rate withholding rule (the 25% for Federal, some States have similar rules for State withholding). This is not taxes, this is withholding. Withholding is money the employer takes from your salary and forwards to the IRS on the account of your tax liability, but it is not in itself your tax liability. When you do your annual tax return, you'll calculate the actual tax you were supposed to pay, and the difference between what was withheld and your actual tax will be refunded to you (or owed by you, if not enough was withheld). You can control the regular pay withholding using W4 form."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.richmondfed.org/-/media/richmondfedorg/publications/research/working_papers/2017/pdf/wp17-12.pdf) reduced by 98%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; 7 3 Local Dynamics The local dynamics of the simple search and matching model have been studied by Krause and Lubik.  &gt; In the previous literature, for example Mendes and Mendes and Bhattacharya and Bunzel, the backward dynamics are defined via the map g by rearranging to isolate &amp;theta;t :  1/&amp;xi;  &amp;theta;t = a&amp;theta;t+1  c&amp;theta;t+1 + d = g. 11 Under risk aversion, the dynamics depend on the time path of output yt.  &gt; 4.2 Stability Properties We now study the dynamics of the backward map zt = f. We first establish the properties of the function f. We then study the stability properties of the steady state, where we distinguish between two broad areas of dynamics in the backward map, namely stable and unstable.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/788alk/fed_global_dynamics_in_a_search_and_matching/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~233564 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **dynamic**^#1 **model**^#2 **0.1**^#3 **1**^#4 **map**^#5"
"The weird thing is that if you use the credit impact simulators with the credit monitoring services, they show that the impact of paying your credit cards off completely is more negative than carrying a small balance, which doesn't make a great deal of sense, one would think.  From what I can gather, the rationale is that carrying a small balance shows you making payments over time, as opposed to having a zero balance.  This doesn't quite compute with me, but I don't truly understand the inner workings of the scoring models.  To confirm this, I used simulators with both TransUnion and Experian, and both showed this.  I know that it's easy to find people on both sides of this argument, so I can't say which is the best option (certainly whichever side someone falls on is the one they'll argue is the right one! chuckle). In all fairness, your best tool is time.  The effects of your prior bad decisions will lessen over time as they move further away in your history and then disappear altogether.  Obtaining a credit card just because you think you need one is not a compelling argument, by any means.  If you can't rationalize reasons why you need it then maybe you should question the wisdom of such a decision.  If you don't have a particular need for better credit right now, why be in a hurry to take on debt? Whatever the formulas are for calculating credit scores, the specific details are a pretty closely-guarded secret (they're proprietary for starters, plus it theoretically prevents people from ""gaming the system"" for a better score), but if you do enough research online, you can get a pretty good sense of how they work in general. Whatever you do with your credit should be in line with your overall financial goals.  If you want to remain debt-free (at least for now) then having a credit card you can't otherwise justify a need for just introduces temptations which could prove tough to resist (""wants"" quickly turn into ""needs"" when you can put it on a card you pay later), then you're right back in the same place you were earlier in your life. Instead of trying to figure out the ""best strategy"" for a credit card, first ask yourself how necessary it is to you right now in light of your financial objectives, then go from there. I hope this helps. Good luck!"
Let me explain this for you:   - Massive decrease in sales from 2009-2010= bad government (Obama/Bernanke).  - Even bigger increase in sales from 2010-2013= substantive economic growth due to a well-run company.  - Later downturn in 2013-2014= bad government (Obama/Bernanke)  Basically, when a company is increasing overall revenue and profits, that's because economics and free-markets. When a company is losing sales and revenues, that's because Obama. If their stock-price goes up when it shouldn't, that's also because Obama.   Stock prices that are high right now are only high because Obama/Bernanke, except when they are high because of something else. When stock prices go down, it will also be because of Obama/Bernanke.   Hopefully that clarifies things for you.
I tried to find that out once, and learned 'theoretically never'. The reason is that the guy who gave you the check (name him guy-1) might have deposited a check from guy-2 a day before, and without that money, his check will bounce. Now guy-2 might have deposited a check from guy-3 a day before, and without that money, his check will bounce. Repeat for a while, and then bounce the check from guy-99, and it takes the banks months to unravel it. Yes, improbable. But. A friend working in a bank explained me that, he had seen chains of three and four unravel, which took 20+ days.
"That would have been right after he started.  He started immediately before the 9/11 attack.  The stock pretty consistently lost value for years as GE Capital disintegrated.  The 2007/8 economic dip hit GE's money business like a city bus as they owned a bunch of consumer debt (some of the shittiest debt around).  Lately, Jeff hasn't been able to sneeze without the stock price dipping.  Their ""digital"" push is more a punchline than a real business movement.  The company needs some direction.  Buy or sell the right parts.  Quit focusing on quarterly cost cutting as a means to meet unrealistic goals.  Etc.  The company needs new leadership, if only for the optics to the market."
"I always used Uber until one day they just stopped accepting any payment method I added! No matter what I used, credit cards, debit cards, Paypal, it always claimed that it was an invalid payment method. I worked with Uber support for weeks to resolve this, including being given access to their super-secret web-based option that requires them to explicitly enable for you. THAT worked exactly one time, then I was right back where I was.  I created a Lyft account out of desperation, and it worked every time with the same payment methods that Uber had issues with. So, I used Lyft exclusively for awhile.  The only difference I noticed was that Uber drivers, at least for awhile, seemed to be professionals in other industries who drive for fun or just extra cash. I would ride with someone who's day job was providing IT consulting for area casinos, and it was always a really fascinating conversation! Conversations with Lyft drivers tended to center around how they had just done a title loan against the REALLY old car I was driving in, because he lost everything in the divorce and couldn't get back on his feet…  Eventually, I found that my issue with Uber was a ""family"" profile I had created and forgotten about that included debit card information that had expired, and once I deleted the profile, things worked again. (NEVER got any feedback from their support department when I shared this with them)  So now I tend to favor Lyft just because of the issues with Uber's corporate culture. I was in a LOT of start-ups during Silicon Valley's heyday, and even though I encountered some levels of misogyny, anything even remotely close to the stories I've heard out of Uber would have caused an uproar!"
"Why does the value of gold go up when gold itself doesn't produce anything? Why do people invest in gold? Your perception, that the value of gold goes up in the long run, is based on the price of gold measured in your favorite paper currency, for example the US Dollar. An increasing price of gold means that in the visible gold market, market participants are willing to exchange more paper currency units for the same amount of gold. There are many possible reasons for this: While HFT became extremely important for the short term price movements, I will continue with long term effects, excluding HFT. So when - as a simple thought experiment - the amount of available paper currency units (US $ or whatever) doubles, and the amount of goods and services in an economy stay the same, you can expect that the price of everything in this economy will double, including gold. You might perceive that the value of gold doubled. It did not. It stayed the same. The number of printed dollars doubled. The value of gold is still the same, its price doubled. Does the amount of paper currency units grow over time? Yes: https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/BASE/ In this answer my term ""paper currency units"" includes dollars that exist only as digits in bank accounts and ""printing currency"" includes creating those digits in bank accounts out of thin air. So the first answer: gold holds its value while the value of paper currency units shrinks over time. So gold enables you to pass wealth to the next generation (while hiding it from your government). That gold does not produce anything is not entirely true. For those of us mortals who have only a few ounces, it is true. But those who have tons can lease it out and earn interest.  (in practice it is leased out multiple times, so multiple that gain. You might call this fraud, and rightfully so. But we are talking about tons of gold. Nobody who controls tons of physical gold goes to jail yet).  Let's talk about Fear. You see, the perceived value of gold increases as more paper currency is printed.  And markets price in expected future developments. So the value of gold rises, if a sufficient number of wealthy people fear the the government(s) will print too much paper currency.  Second Answer: So the price of gold not only reflects the amount of paper currency, it is also a measurement of distrust in government(s). Now you might say something is wrong with my argument. The chart mentioned above shows that we have now (mid 2015) 5 times as much printed currency units than we had 2008.  So the price of gold should be 5 times as high as 2008, assuming the amount of distrust in governments stayed the same. There must be more effects (or I might be completely wrong. You decide). But here is one more effect: As the price of gold is a measurement of distrust in governments (and especially the US government since the US Dollar is perceived as the reserve currency), the US government and associated organizations are extremely interested in low gold prices to prove trust. So people familiar with the topic believe that the price of gold (and silver) is massively manipulated to the downside using high frequency trading and shorts in the futures markets by US government and wall street banks to disprove distrust. And wall street banks gain huge amounts of paper currency units by manipulating the price, mostly to the downside. Others say that countries like china and russia are also interested in low gold prices because they want to buy as much physical gold as possible. Knowing of the value that is not reflected by the price at the moment. Is there one more source of distrust in governments? Yes. Since 1971, all paper currencies are debt.  They receive their value by the trust that those with debt are willing and able to pay back their debt. If this trust is lost, the downward manipulation (if you think that such a thing exists) of the gold and silver prices in the futures markets might fail some day. If this is the case (some say when this is the case). you might see movements in gold and silver prices that bring them back to equilibrium with the amount of printed paper currencies. In times of the roman empire you got a good toga and a pair of handmade shoes for an ounce of gold. In our days, you get a nice suite and a good pair of shoes for an ounce of gold. In the mean time, the value of each paper currency in the history of each country went to zero and the US $ lost 98% of its initial value. As long as there is not enough distrust, more paper currency is made in equity markets and bond markets on average. (Be aware that you earn that currency only after you were able to sell at this price, not while you hold it) Gerd"
"While it is not common, it is also not ""uncommon.""  A subtle distinction. If you are poor, you almost certainly get some kind of government assistance (not even talking about Obamacare or Trumpcare, but just general assistance.) If you are middle class or rich, that is where you get hit the most.  They seem to realize you ""can't get blood from a stone"" and don't try to get payment out of poor people. But middle class and rich people, yes it just takes longer but they do hang in there with billing. My own experience is that years and years ago (way before Obamacare) I had a time in the hospital with a lot of tests, but I was poor and sleeping on a relatives floor at the time. I got all the tests I needed, and they took great care of me, and the hospital wrote it off as ""charity care."""
Mixing friendship and money, whether that's loans or landlording, is risky. Often things work out, but sometimes the unexpected happens, and it doesn't. If things go wrong, are you prepared to walk away from either the friendship or the money? After you've considered that, the next question is how your roommates feel about the deal. You're looking to charge your friends $2000 to rent part of a property that, from the sound of it, they could rent much cheaper from a stranger. Maybe the market is different in Cleveland, but in my area, I'd expect to pay $2000 in rent for a place worth closer to $300,000 than $100,000. Have your roommates expressed interest in the idea, and have you discussed dollar values with them? Are you still interested if they ended up paying $1600 in rent? $1000?
Bake backup to azure into their new powercli releases. Force poor saps like me who certify with microsoft products learn about their cloud so we can parrot back the marketing material to our corporate masters. Build a pretty flexible product that isn't junk (so I hear).  EDIT: My VMware is showing. Powercli should be Powershell.
I'm fairly convinced there is no difference whatsoever between dividend payment and capital appreciation.  It only makes financial sense for the stock price to be decreased by the dividend payment so over the course of any specified time interval, without the dividend the stock price would have been that much higher were the dividends not paid.  Total return is equal. I think this is like so many things in finance that seem different but actually aren't. If a stock does not pay a dividend, you can synthetically create a dividend by periodically selling shares.   Doing this would incur periodic trade commissions, however.  That does seem like a loss to the investor.  For this reason, I do see some real benefit to a dividend.  I'd rather get a check in the mail than I would have to pay a trade commission, which would offset a percentage of the dividend. Does anybody know if there are other hidden fees associated with dividend payments that might offset the trade commissions?  One thought I had was fees to the company to establish and maintain a dividend-payment program.  Are there significant administrative fees, banking fees, etc. to the company that materially decrease its value?  Even if this were the case, I don't know how I'd detect or measure it because there's such a loose association between many corporate financials (e.g. cash on hand) and stock price.
"Hahaha the good old argument of authority. China made more progress on medicine by massively training doctors after it's revolution and sending them to rural areas. Comparatively, in the same development phase, the US was full of medicine shows selling snake oil to gullible idiots. In Europe, the public sector is the only one that can authorize a drug and is the only buyer (monopsony) ensuring drug prices remain low and that drugs like opioids never make it to people... The USA is one of the richest countries in earth, yet you perform worst that ALL other developed countries in health outcomes and health costs as a proportion of your GDP.. but sure, you're the ""experts"", you know something we don't.. probably how to rip people off."
BTC is infinitely divisble. RIGHT NOW it's only up to 8 decimals. But if needed, more can be added. But the only way I see that happening is if a satoshi is somehow worth more than $1. If that happens though, even people with a fraction of a bitcoin will be millionaires.
No. Not directly. A company issues stock in order to raise capital for building its business. Once the initial shares are sold to the public, the company doesn't receive additional funds from future transactions of those shares of stock between the public.  However, the company could issue more shares at the new higher price to raise more capital.
What's to prevent a leaner, meaner competitor from coming into the market and out-competing a PBC that isn't focused on offering the best product for the lowest price? It seems nice, but unsustainable for any single business as long as they don't have a monopoly on the market they're in.
&gt; pay more in taxes in a day than you will in a lifetime.  That literally has nothing to do with anything, aside from how Koch Industries receives incredible amounts of tax breaks and subsidies, even while selling chemicals to Iran and such other despicable acts.
Good post - just to note to self to add my comments this weekend  A couple thoughts that came to mind (sorry, was working on an idea this weekend):  * When comparing companies, reviewing accounting policies in detail for any substantive differences. A notable example would be telecom companies who expense wireless subsidies vs. capitalizing them - obviously makes a large difference in a EBITDA-based * I always approach a company from a SOTP perspective... hidden assets or otherwise, many businesses have various segments, which if they can be reliably broken off, provide good insight into underlying op performance * If appropriate (i.e. will never be reinvested), tax-adjusting cash balances that are offshore * Cyclical industries, always compare on a mid-cycle basis * Dynamic schedules (i.e. at various prices) for dilutive instruments and proceeds thereof. For most large caps this is not relevant, but for certain industries it is much more popular (e.g. resource, tech)
That hurt them I admit, but I think it just accelerated an already growing trend of Chipotle's quality going to shit.  I've eaten there twice recently and it just tasted so bland. I did notice the whole staff was white high school kids so that may play a role, I wouldn't expect them to make an amazing burrito. No offence to them or anything but I wouldn't expect an Asian person to make an amazing lasagna either.   [I wonder if the trouble they got into for hiring illegal immigrants a few years back forced them to get rid of their talent?](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-05-24/chipotles-undocumented-worker-problem-resurges)  Because right now it's mediocre at best. [Shout out to Freebirds.](https://freebirds.com/)
"This is only partly true.  The main problem is that the average person is not a fully informed healthcare consumer.   For example if you go to your local doctor with lower back pain: One doctor might prescribe a whole bunch of expensive diagnostics tests; another might tell you to go to a physiotherapist; and yet another might tell you to take some cheap pain killers and come back in six weeks time if nothing has changed. Most people will have no way of knowing which is the best course of action. Then, in a country like the US which is very litigiousness, all the doctors will recommend the most comprehensive and expensive care-package so that they don't get sued.   Ultimately economists do not work in healthcare and are not qualified to recommend the best financial model for healthcare delivery.  To quote Donney ""Who knew that healthcare was so complicated?"" certainly not the economists."
So you're saying as long as they are always slightly up investors will be happy? I can believe that. Also, here is some evidence to support you. http://www.hedgeweek.com/2017/07/20/254194/hfr-reports-hedge-funds-allocations-beat-redemptions  Though you have to admit negative returns must be especially hard to own to your investors when everything is up
"How is it rhetorical? Of course it can be answered, it's based on an actual concern and actual research done by other economists and it invokes discussion.  Being called a ""Debbie Downer"" is just an ad hominem that translates to: I don't like the way question you're making cause it's sad, so I'm just not going to answer it"
&gt; since there are apparently some people dumb enough still not to get it,  How can one not get it?  The whole internet knows the bull story.  You need to ask yourselves why the actual battery companies balked at building plants for his cars and he has to go out and do it himself.
She will have no problem finding a job elsewhere if Zynga goes sour. Their engineers are very talented because they pay high and they are very selective. People in the industry know that. Whether the company makes money or not only affects her bonus. In the mean time, enjoy the big salary and the benefits.
Why do savings accounts for businesses offer less yield than bank accounts for individuals?  The money held in savings account on a collective average substantial amount stays with the Bank. The Bank is better able to predict and thus invest this money in individual savings account in market to make more money. Money held in Business accounts are unpredictable and can get withdrawn, the Bank is thus not able to predict the behaviour and hence not able to invest this better to get good returns, hence the interest offered is low. Most Banks have special products for Businesses that would give better return but come with some kind of lock-in or minimum balances.
I have a Surface RT and I am pretty happy with it. Not sure what you mean by 'not compatible', considering I use googledrive and onedrive to transfer my D&amp;D PDF's and Inventory Excel sheets and Spellbook Word files between it and my Win7 Desktop. It's entirely compatible, you just can't install .exe applications. Which, I grant you, is frustrating when it's just so close to a full system. But it's way more compatible with my desktop than an ipad or android.   Also, the Surface RT and Surface Pro both released at the same time. I will grant you that was a marketing mistake, and they should have had a more obvious name difference because one is a full fledged computer in tablet form, and the other is a hybrid.
"&gt; Neither is synonymous with ""the American Dream"" -- self employment is not necessary to achieve it.  You can't really ""achieve it"" if you're working for some other man. This might change in the future, but in today's environment working for other people is an oppressive abusive relationship where you never get paid what you're worth and you are only there to help someone else get a leg up."
Your preferred answer: It's not debt, it's magic. It never has to be paid back.  Ok, go ahead tell us all you know about QE and how it isn't debt. Your half baked version of the socratic method isn't working too well.
It’s 60-70% of US transportation. Not ICE passenger transport. Around 60% of that is for LD vehicles. Down to around 35% of the total.  Global oil consumption is different that US oil consumption though.  Many countries are not as heavily saturated by vehicles on a per capital basis as the US.   It’s possible the stat I was reading was around 20% could be eligible for replacement by electric.    Other important note: Most vehicles are considered “electric” even if they are simply Hybrids that use an ICE to charge a battery.
I don't have subscription myself, but I know somebody who does. I think it is actually pretty expensive what they do. They have millions of old records from all over the world scanned and digitized. Somebody has to go to all the archives, request the documents and scan them in. They have records that are hundresds of years old and you won't find otherwise on the internet.
Dropping college enrollments is more a function of a healthy economy and low unemployment. It will pop again once the next recession comes. College is cyclical, like many other businesses. Don't use this as an excuse not to improve yourself and your skills!
&gt; Second, ensure your product experience is outstanding, creating ongoing repeat from happy consumers.  TiVo's customer experience IS outstanding. I have been a loyal TiVo DVR user since 2003 and their interface and feature set is greatly superior to the junk DVRs that the cable companies provide.  The problem for TiVo seems to be overcoming the convenience and cost benefits that the cable company provides with their inferior product.    What would have been an ideal business model for TiVo would have been to get cable companies to offer TiVo boxes - or cable boxes with the TiVo interface, perhaps as an upsell product from ther basic DVR. I honestly believe that if a user tried a TiVo for a short period of time they would choose to pay a little extra for it.
In Chicago, for HD and dvr, typical price for phone/internet/tv bundle is about 100-120 a month.  My parents pay double that because they make no effort to look for the deals.  But that's for several hundred channels, not sure whether programming is comparable in France.
For the united States forms must be submitted electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission , they also must be posted to company websites.
First of all, make sure you have an emergency fund.  Ideally this should be at least 6 months of living expenses in an easily accessible place. Do you have any credit card debt, school debt, or other debt?  Work towards becoming debt free, especially of higher interest debt and debt on things that are only depreciating (cars, for example).  If you have extra income, consider putting it towards debt. If you currently have access to a 403b, you should begin investing immediately.  If not, look into a Roth IRA.  The community has provided suggestions for good places to get one.  With a Roth IRA you take post-tax income money and invest it into this retirement account and when you reach retirement age you get it and all the interest as tax-free income.  You can't withdraw the principal until retirement age.  You should put up to the legal limit into a retirement account - if you can't do this at first work towards this goal. After an emergency fund, becoming debt free, and fully funding your retirement, save for goals such as a house or other things you are working towards. The exact order of doing these things might vary, but in general you need the emergency fund first.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.reuters.com/article/egypt-economy-idUSL8N1JQ1G5) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; CAIRO, June 29 Egypt on Thursday hiked fuel prices by up to 50 percent to help meet the terms of a $12 billion IMF loan deal, a sharper rise than expected by many struggling with soaring living costs and a further test of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi&amp;#039;s popularity.  &gt; Fuel oil prices to cement factories will rise by 40 percent to 3,500 Egyptian pounds per tonne from 2,500 pounds a tonne, but gas prices to the industrial sector will remain stable, Molla said.  &gt; The central bank floated the pound last November as part of reforms agreed with the IMF. At that time, the government increased fuel prices by as much as 46 percent.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6kd7sd/egypt_hikes_fuel_prices_by_up_to_50_percent_to/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~155772 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **pound**^#1 **price**^#2 **percent**^#3 **Egyptian**^#4 **fuel**^#5"
"A great deal of analysis on this question relies on misunderstandings of the market or noticing trends that happened at the same time but were not caused by each other.  Without knowing your view, I'll just give the basic idea. The amount of active management is self-correcting.  The reason people have moved out of actively managed funds is that the funds have not been performing well.  Their objective is to beat their benchmarks by profiting as they correct mispricing.  They are performing poorly because there is too much money chasing too few mispricings.  That is why the actively managed industry is shrinking.  If it gets small enough, presumably those opportunities will become more abundant and mispricing correction will become more profitable.  Then money will flow back into active funds. Relevant active management may not be what a lay person is thinking of.  At the retail level, we are observing a shift to passive funds, but there is still plenty of money in other places.  For example, pension and endowment funds normally have an objective of beating a market benchmark like the Russell 3000.  As a result they are constantly trying to find opportunities to invest in active management that really can outperform.  They represent a great deal of money and are nothing like the ""buy and forget"" stereotype we sometimes imagine.  Moreover, hedge funds and propreitary trading shops explicitly and solely try to correct mispricings.  They represent a very, very large bucket of money that is not shrinking.  Active retail mutual funds and individual investors are not as relevant for pricing as we might think.  More trading volume is not necessarily a good thing, nor is it the measure of market quality.  One argument against passive funds is that passive funds don't trade much.  Yet the volume of trading in the markets has risen dramatically over time as a result of technological improvements (algorithmic traders, mostly).  They have out-competed certain market makers who used to make money on inefficiencies of the market.  Is this a good thing or a bad thing?  Well, prices are more efficient now and it appears that these computers are more responsive to price-relevant information than people used to be.  So even if trading volume does decrease, I see no reason to worry that prices will become less efficient.  That's not the direction things have gone, even as passive investing has boomed. Overall, worries about passive investing rely on an assumption that there is not enough interest in and resources for making arbitrage profits to keep prices efficient.  This is highly counterfactual and always will be.  As long as people and institutions want money and have access to the markets, there will be plenty of resources allocated to price correction."
Technically, everyone would be fine with you not being insured. As long as you pay your fair share in taxes for the time you break a leg or something and suddenly you're really glad it doesn't cost you the arm as well, if you catch my figurative drift.  It is literally proven by reality outside of the us that it works. It's sure as hell not perfect, but miles ahead of privatized health care. Low costs for the individual, access to every necessary treatment and drug for close to nothing.
Problem with deciding investments in a company is that you have multiple potential options, each with their projected returns, but each also has some hard-to-estimate risks. A further problem is that these opportunities arrive one-by-one, so you usually cannot compare project A vs. project B to decide which one is better. The internal rate of return is a rule-of-thumb like way to make these decisions. The company board may set an IRR target of e.g. 15%, and each executive will compare their projects against that target. They'll execute only the projects that are projected to give a good return, but some of these projects will end up failing. Thus the real average profit will not be equal to IRR. Important thing is that this target number gives ways to compare projects, and also for the board to control the investments. If the company has a good track record of being successful at projects, the board might set an IRR target of 10% and expect to get e.g. 8% return on their investment. However, if the company has a much larger risk of projects failing, they might demand a predicted IRR of 20% to account for the risk. Ultimately if the IRR target is set too high, the company will find no projects it considers profitable to invest in. In practice if this happens, the company owners are better off taking out the cash as dividends and investing it elsewhere.
&gt;This buildup of excessive debt started so long ago -- Levy dates it to the 1980s in the U.S. -- that people no longer know what's prudent.  This is echoed elsewhere.  At this time, people that use capital don't truly know how much it's worth because it's so abundant.  Consequently, creates difficult in making business decisions.
We started with our son about age 5 or so.  He was at the time old enough to understand that you buy stuff using money.   We don't give allowance, rather we made up a job chart that he can put checks on, and give him a small amount for each job that he does.  This is meant to enforce the idea of 'work and get paid, don't work don't get paid', and associate the concept of work and money.   We also try to teach him the concept of giving, spending and saving, by having envelopes with those words on them and dividing the 'commission' money between them.   The give money is used for a charitable organization.  The save money is used in a couple of ways - either to save for a large item that he wants, or to put into a savings account.  The spend it money he is free to buy whatever he wants with.   We got this plan from the Dave Ramsey Show, and it has been really good so far.  The best thing about it is that when we are at the store and he sees something he wants, we can ask 'did you bring your money?'  This keeps the begging down to a minimum and also helps us teach him to make a list of stuff he wants and can save for.
"i really want to know. and you shouldn't lose hope because reddit says so. if you can show there is a market for this, and you have a legitimate plan with attainable objectives, sound financial backing, and you have contingency plans in place, and you truly believe in this idea and are willing to put everything you have into this idea, then go for it. but if this is a ""meh, it would be kinda cool if..."" type of business approach, then drop it immediately."
I think the advice Bob is being given is good. Bob shouldn't sell his investments just because their price has gone down. Selling cheap is almost never a good idea. In fact, he should do the opposite: When his investments become cheaper, he should buy more of them, or at least hold on to them. Always remember this rule: Buy low, sell high. This might sound illogical at first, why would someone keep an investment that is losing value? Well, the truth is that Bob doesn't lose or gain any money until he sells. If he holds on to his investments, eventually their value will raise again and offset any temporary losses. But if he sells as soon as his investments go down, he makes the temporary losses permanent. If Bob expects his investments to keep going down in the future, naturally he feels tempted to sell them. But a true investor doesn't try to anticipate what the market will do. Trying to anticipate market fluctuations is speculating, not investing. Quoting Benjamin Graham: The most realistic distinction between the investor and the speculator is found in their attitude toward stock-market movements. The speculator's primary interest lies in anticipating and profiting from market fluctuations. The investor's primary interest lies in acquiring and holding suitable securities at suitable prices. Market movements are important to him in a practical sense, because they alternately create low price levels at which he would be wise to buy and high price levels at which he certainly should refrain from buying and probably would be wise to sell. Assuming that the fund in question is well-managed, I would refrain from selling it until it goes up again.
I don't think I could stand listening to him for 10 seconds without throwing the radio out the window, but he works his ass off and I respect him for that. He is his own brand and everything he does is inspected by a hundred million eyeballs. I would not care to be in that position. Haters gonna hate especially when you are self made millionaire by 16.  Also Scooter! That guy took some squeaky kid, saw something in him I still don't see in him, and turned him into a golden goose. Hate his product if you have to, but he is a fucking genius.
I suspect you will need to consult with a tax professional on this one.  In New York you would need to continue to file returns even if you did no business there until the partnership is dissolved.  But I have no idea if Cali has anything rules like that.  I would suspect since the partnership is on going the answer is no.  Even though you plan no further business in Cali the potential exists that you could return there(even if only in theory).
"&gt; Asking people to travel less is silly, and punishing companies for CO2 emissions when there is no alternative is also silly,  If the current science on climate change is true, and it certainly seems to be, then asking people to travel less or to produce less CO2 isn't ""silly"" , it's desperately important.  It's really like a smoker with a nagging cough saying it's ""silly"" to consider stopping smoking.  Don't get me wrong - I love to travel, I've been in dozens of countries.  But I've cut back on my travel and even more been finding ways to travel with less footprint on the Earth (read: trains)."
that's an accurate assessment. i don't want to deny the young man his accolades just because i hate everything about him, but, well, i hate everything about him and really don't think he should be called a VC in the same manner actual, more dedicated VC's are.
So My question is if I purchased the shares on 03-08-15 then will I get the dividend? Yes if you purchase on 3-Aug, the shares will actually get credited to your account on 5-Aug and hence you will hold the shares on 6-Aug, the record date.
"&gt;No system is going to be perfect, especially one that is totally inflexible.  Certainly. But you come right back to the need for ""good/wise management"".  And part of that is constructing a system that doesn't have OBVIOUS and BLATANT loopholes.  &gt;&gt;But it is a lot easier to say no to someone when you can back it up by saying ""I think this is going to take 2,000 hours and the CEO has only granted you 1,000 hours. Figure out what you can live without and get back to me.""  And you have just given an example of a very BAD/UNWISE management system, and likely entirely arbitrary budgets (does the CEO know his arse from a hole in the ground?  Why was 1,000 hour budgeted? How many departments are going to be allocated 1,000 hours and yet have little or no use for them? {But of course, as will ALL ""budgeting"" systems, those hours are probably ""use it or lose it"" -- so the department head of dept A will be deprived because of the arbitrary/past-weighted allocations, and the head of dept B will end up wasting 1,000 hours on crap just to make sure he gets 1,000 hours again next year).  Bad management tends to build management systems that are even WORSE than their original management.  *And if you lived under your ""budgeted hours"" system for a couple of years... you'd be back here bitching about how STUPID that system is.*"
With every loser there is a winner on trades like that.  There were some other large hedge funds that figured out what they were doing, and basically just added fuel to the fire and are now making great money as a result.   Had the bet reversed, JPM would have been the winner.  Check [THIS](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/27/business/how-boaz-weinstein-and-hedge-funds-outsmarted-jpmorgan.html?pagewanted=all) out.
If you're in the USA and looking to retire in 10 years, pay your Social Security taxes? :P Just kidding. Do a search for Fixed Rate Annuities.
Couldn't you say the reverse, the lower investors are taxed, the more willing they are to invest into risky investments like sub-prime mortgages?  Edit: I think the major point John is trying to get across is that their are a myriad of factors that motivate people, profit is one of them, but not the only one.  And this business/financial culture thrives on and breeds people who's sole motivate is profit. Not helping the world, or creating something interesting, or feeding children, or creating a better quality of life for society, but pure profit above all else.     So if profit is your only motivation for anything, then having a 3% greater tax rate is completely uncalled for.
"Amount is the closest single word.  ""Amount in dollars"" would be the easiest way to specify information you are requesting.  ""Amount and currency"" if you ware in an area using multiple currencies.  An accountant might be able to give you a more technical term, but it would be accountancy jargon.  Amount due, credit amount, debit amount, amount deposited, amount credited, amount withdrawn, or amount included.  If you're writing instructions and want to specify that the person following the instructions needs to indicate the currency, you'll probably have to simply state that requirement.   Based on US centric thinking, inside the US, money is dollars, dollars is money.  For US citizens outside the country, we would always tack on the currency.  100 dollars, or 100 Euro.  There is a segment of Americans who do not understand geography, and that other countries exist, and that they use different currencies, might not realize that other countries have currencies named dollars, and that USD means US Dollars.  So for U.S. citizens, be specific and clear. Bottom line, if this is written for US residents, and they need to specify the currency, you need to explicitly require them to ""List the amount and currency."""
"&gt;My contention is that you should not need to pay out of pocket to be a ""good"" voter.  Super. Can you show me where I *did* say that?  No, you cannot, because I didn't. I said an ""educated populace."" There are many ways to achieve an educated populace."
"I'm not going to go guilting you about how I haven't had a vacation in 4 years, I've just had a completely different experience that makes me wonder how you've gotten screwed so many times.  Right after relocation, I was renting cars because mine hadn't been shipped yet. I show up at the DFW Avis counter, and trade my Camry in for my new ""standard sedan (Camry or Altima)."" Turns out, the Camry and the Altima have VASTLY different trims even though you pay the same for them. When I took the Altima back, I told the nice young lady behind the counter ""if I have to drive another Altima for a week, I'm going to blow my brains out, possibly IN the Altima.""  Instant upgrade to the Charger.   Ever since, I've never missed with a policy of simply being nice to the agent.  Agent: Alright sir, your car is in space G15.  Me: I just have to ask, is G15 an Altima?  Agent: It's in the Camry/Altima class.  Me: But is it an Altima? Because I want to save myself the time and effort of walking to the spot, seeing that it's an Altima, and then walking back here to pay the difference to get something else.  Agent: It's an Altima... *types furiously*... Ok sir, I put you in D2 at no charge, I think you'll find it's not an Altima. (Another Charger)  Same situation landing in Sacramento, ""hey do you guys have a convertible available? It's Cali after all... I'll pay the difference."" Free convertible upgrade.  Now, if you're driving an hour outside of DFW, it sounds like maybe you go to some out of the way places, and when you fly into Podunk Hollow they might only have one convertible in the whole place. But there's no way you book a sports car at DFW and wind up in a Kia.  Also, who flies in with 3 kids in tow and needs specifically a Tahoe? I just imagine that guy would probably catch a few more Tahoes if he would reserve something he's comfortable with (like the Santa Fe) and then asking the agent in person once he arrives. The kids look tired and miserable, his wife really doesn't want to ride around in a Santa Fe all week, and hey Mr. Agent, don't you have anything that rides a little better than a Santa Fe? My back is killing me after that flight..."
Get to know the people that supply the business and their relationship to the success of the business, as well as, the customers of your business.  Maintaining previous personal relationships is critical.  Where reasonable keep doing things the way dad and grandpa did it with this people.  Explain to them why you need to make such changes.  Give them plenty of advanced notice.
People arent disagreeing with him because hes being honest, its because his comment is a bit ignorant. No one likes having shitty lazy coworkers even the people who work hard and smoke a joint when they get home. So to lump those two together is ignorant.
"We're in agreement, I just want retail investors to understand that in most of these types of discussions, the unspoken reality is the retail sector trading the market is *over*. This includes the mutual funds you mentioned, and even most index funds (most are so narrowly focused they lose their relevance for the retail investor).  In the retail investment markets I'm familiar with, there are market makers of some sort or another for specified ranges. I'm perfectly fine with no market makers; but retail investors should be told the naked truth as well, and not sold a bunch of come-ons. What upsets me is seeing that just as computers really start to make an orderly market possible (you are right, the classic NYSE specialist structure was outrageously corrupt), regulators turned a blind eye to implementing better controls for retail investors.  The financial services industry has to come to terms whether they want AUM from retail or not, and having heard messaging much like yours from other professionals, I've concluded that the industry does *not* want the constraints with accepting those funds, but neither do they want to disabuse retail investors of how tilted the game is against them. Luring them in with deceptively suggestive marketing and then taking money from those naturally ill-prepared for the rigors of the setting is like beating up the Downs' Syndrome kid on the short bus and boasting about it back on the campus about how clever and strong one is. If there was as stringent truth in marketing in financial services as cigarettes, like ""this service makes their profit by encouraging the churning of trades"", there would be a lot of kvetching from so-called ""pros"" as well. If all retail financial services were described like ""dead cold cow meat"" describes ""steak"", a lot of retail investors would be better off. As it stands today, you'd have to squint mighty hard to see the faintly-inscribed ""caveat emptor"" on financial services offerings to the retail sector.  Note that depending upon the market setting, the definition of retail differs. I'm surprised the herd hasn't been spooked more by the MF Global disaster, for example, and yet there are some surprisingly large accounts detrimentally affected by that incident, which in a conventional equities setting would be considered ""pros""."
[Scrapbook](http://scrapgirls.com/) can be a wonderful way to corral those loved ones photographs and reminiscences into an exciting publication. Scrapbooking can be calming for you as you do it, and a enjoyment as you discuss it.Books and content on scrapbooking for 1 kid are readily available, but think you have more than 1 kid. Suppose you have 7 kids. Then you need a publication or document on how to scrapbook for more than 1 kid.
Except the state isnt actually paying anything, they are just not charging. Its not the same thing. The state doesnt lose any money by giving breaks to the factory, it's not a subsidy, and in the long run it provides more tax revenue, and all those jobs immediately provide more tax revenue. It's a no brainer for the state.
Your colleague made a simple and incorrect assumption, that as our society's technology improves, we will use that technology to replace labor with capital, keeping output constant.  Clearly this is a contrived example, but it illustrates the point effectively:  Suppose we have a factory that produces some level of output and employs 1000 workers.  Say a technological breakthrough is developed that allows that factory to produce the same level of output using only 500 workers.  Your colleague is assuming those 500 people will lose their jobs.  But who is to say the factory won't just double its output?  In fact, since the 'Industrial Revolution' that is precisely what we've seen.  Since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution workers have shunned more productive capital in fear they will be replaced.  Historically, that has not been the case.  Society instead has used the more productive capital to produce more output.
It really depends on the type of business  you are running.  If there is any chance of liability, you should protect yourself with an LLC.  Then it is much more difficult for them to sue and take personal assets.  For example, if you are a wedding photographer, you would want to be an LLC in case you lose someones pictures.
Approach property management companies. I work for one with hundreds of properties and we need plumbers all the time. On the business side it simplifies your marketing and repeat business. We get potted flowers and candy from vendors all the time. Or they bring in pizza for lunch once a quarter to keep the relationship up.
Many people like read articles and good articles can attract more people to read and help more pelple. this article belong to good article adapt to any people read. no matter men women or children ,younger of oler .this article is very meaningful from every aspect , such article is our like .thanks you give us so good article. We will support always.
"If you're asking this question, you probably aren't ready to be buying individual stock shares, and may not be ready to be investing in the market at all.  Short-term in the stock market is GAMBLING, pure and simple, and gambling against professionals at that. You can reduce your risk if you spend the amount of time and effort the pros do on it, but if you aren't ready to accept losses you shouldn't be playing and if you aren't willing to bet it all on a single throw of the dice you should diversify and accept lower potential gain in exchange for lower risk. (Standard advice: Index funds.)  The way an investor, as opposed to a gambler, deals with a stock price dropping -- or surging upward, or not doing anything! -- is to say ""That's interesting. Given where it is NOW, do I expect it to go up or down from here, and do I think I have someplace to put the money that will do better?"" If you believe the stock will gain value from here, holding it may make more sense than taking your losses.  Specific example: the mortgage-crisis market crash of a few years ago. People who sold because stock prices were dropping and they were scared -- or whose finances forced them to sell during the down period -- were hurt badly. Those of us who were invested for the long term and could afford to leave the money in the market -- or who were brave/contrarian enough to see it as an opportunity to buy at a better price -- came out relatively unscathed; all I have ""lost"" was two years of growth. So: You made your bet. Now you have to decide: Do you really want to ""buy high, sell low"" and take the loss as a learning experience, or do you want to wait and see whether you can sell not-so-low. If you don't know enough about the company to make a fairly rational decision on that front, you probably shouldn't have bought its stock."
"I would like to add my accolades in saving $3000, it is an accomplishment that the majority of US households are unable to achieve. source While it is something, in some ways it is hardly anything.  Working part time at a entry level job will earn you almost three times this amount per year, and with the same job you can earn about as much in two weeks as this investment is likely to earn, in the market in one year.   All this leads to one thing:  At your age you should be looking to increase your income.  No matter if it is college or a high paying trade, whatever you can do to increase your life time earning potential would be the best investment for this money.   I would advocate a more patient approach.  Stick the money in the bank until you complete your education enough for an ""adult job"".  Use it, if needed, for training to get that adult job.  Get a car, a place of your own, and a sufficient enough wardrobe.  Save an emergency fund.  Then invest with impunity. Imagine two versions of yourself.  One with basic education, a average to below average salary, that uses this money to invest in the stock market.  Eventually that money will be needed and it will probably be pulled out of the market at an in opportune time.  It might worth less than the original 3K! Now imagine a second version of yourself that has an above average salary due to some good education or training.  Perhaps that 3K was used to help provide that education.  However, this second version will probably earn 25,000 to 75,000 per year then the first version.  Which one do you want to be?  Which one do you think will be wealthier?   Better educated people not only earn more, they are out of work less.  You may want to look at this chart."
if rent, health care, college, doctor fees, drug prescription fees, lawyer fees, car repair mechanic fees weren't so expensive, then Americans would be living the good life, enjoying cheap deflationary books on Amazon and the no-change-in-price-for-the-last-decade prices of electronics, cars, and consumer goods from Wal-mart and newegg.
Idk if I would ask on reddit, personal finance will tell you the only way is joint bank accounts and relationship advice will tell you to break up. Personally I will always want my own bank account, with a joint account for a mortgage or utilities. I think it depends on if you are both financially savvy, if one of you aren't you might want to have a joint account to keep an eye on spending.  I think this site give you a good pro/con: https://www.thebalance.com/should-you-have-joint-or-separate-bank-accounts-1289664
How hard would it be to say that a company cannot pay licensing fees to a company that it owns an X% stake in (and/or owns an X% stake of it, to cover subsidiary to parent movement?   .   Alternatively, such transactions could be taxed as if they were a purchase between the two companies, and taxed as such.  The percentage could be set high enough so as to not discourage joint ventures, but low enough to force a company to sacrifice a major chunk of the money to another unowned company if they try to abuse it.
Florida Med Doctor Office Space is the first and only reliable option for finding the right location to carry out your medical practice in Florida. We work together with a number of different medical personnel to locate prime medical real estate property that is perfect for having a medical unit.
Yes, but the US has the highest incarceration rates in the world.   Why is the US suffering from high crime?   If incarceration were key to a safe society we should expect different results than what's there.  Creating a system that's a revolving door - where a prisoner exits the system without the tools and drive to enter the workforce, you're creating a revolving system of slavery.     The prison system should include rehabilitation as its primary goal, and currently the focus is more on punishment than it is on rehabilitation.
Here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content:   * [In Battle Over Tax Cuts, It's Republicans vs. Economists](https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/71trur/in_battle_over_tax_cuts_its_republicans_vs/) on /r/Economics with 3 karma (created at 2017-09-23 00:33:00 by /u/StrngBrew)  ----   ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot  ^^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index)-[Code](https://github.com/PokestarFan/DuplicateBot)-[Bugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypgmx/bugs_and_problems/)-[Suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypg85/suggestion_for_duplicatesbot/)-[Block](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index#wiki_block_bot_from_tagging_on_your_posts)  ^^Now ^^you ^^can ^^remove ^^the ^^comment ^^by ^^replying ^^delete!
"Before buying a new car, determine whether you really need one! If there's an automotive discussion, you should ask there FIRST to get opinions on how much all-wheel-drive helps. You may not want to change cars at all. Remember, most of us in the Northeast are NOT driving all-wheel-drive vehicles, and all cars have all-wheel brakes. All-wheel drive is better at getting you moving from a stop if one of the drive wheels would otherwise be slipping. It makes less difference during actual driving.  Traction control braking is much more important -- and much more common, hence much cheaper. And probably already present in your Camry. And good tires make a huge difference. (Top-of-the-line all-season tires are adequate, but many folks do switch to snow tires during the winter and switch back again in summer.)  Tires -- even if you get a second set of rims to put them on -- are a heck of a lot cheaper than changing cars. Beyond everything else, driving in winter conditions is a matter of careful practice. Most of the time, simply avoiding making sudden starts/stops/turns and not driving like you're in a video arcade (""gotta pass three more or I lose my game!"") will do the job. You'll learn the feel of how the car responds. Some basic instruction in how to handle a skid will prepare you for the relatively rare times when that happens. (Some folks actively learn by practicing skids in a nice open parking lot if they can find one; I never have but it makes some sense.) If in doubt about the driving conditions, wait until the roads have been plowed and salted. Remember, teenagers learn to do this, and they're certifiably non compos mentis; if they can do it, you can do it. Before buying a new car, determine whether you really need one!"
If I'm not mistaken, using dairy cattle to buy more dairy cattle is already common practice in Kansas.  Why it is not widespread is more because the banks concerned don't have the necessary expertise to value / monitor / resell these assets when necessary. They are tricky to deal with because they grow / breed / die, unlike your house.
I am very interested to see what Market Basket's sales look like in another two months. Consumers tend to do their grocery shopping out of habit, and all a competitor (manufacturer or retailer)needs is one chance to show them a better option.  Market Basket has lost many customers for good, but will this story lead to even more new customers?
That's because they literally could not help you. It's not that they were just unwilling to. A hedge fund manager might be able to do it, because the person who bet on Facebook would be willing to let him borrow their shares.  An IPO in explain like I'm five:  A bank helps underwrite the shares pre offering. This means they buy the shares wholesale. They buy a large majority of the company in order to offer them to the public when the stock goes public. The bank does this for profit, the company does this become it helps raise their price. The bank that underwrites the stock is legally prohibited from short selling that stock for ***at least***  30 days before the IPO. This is to prevent the bank from trying to commit fraud by selling stock out the front door and betting against it out the back.   ***  So, now let's jump forward to the day of the IPO. The bank is offering stock to everyone who wants to buy it (other banks who will cut it up and sell it to more people). In order to short the stock someone must be willing to let you borrow their shares. Only the bank that underwrote it prohibited from short selling. It's possible but hard. The underwriter has the majority of the shares for the first thirty days anyways. They're just going to release enough of them to raise volume on the ticker symbol (volume is the amount of people buying and selling). The others the underwriter sold to are unwilling to let someone borrow their stock because they want to ride the price hike and shares are in short supply. So while it's possible to short shares, it's very hard. The underwriters limit the supply of shares to prevent that from happening. The underwriters can't just let you short their own shares because they are legally prohibited from it.   Basically, you're left with the fact that the only person who has enough supply to let you short, is prohibited by law from letting you do it. I'm sure Morgan Stanley would have been happy to let their customers short Facebook (as long as you did it through them) to hedge their bets. But they can't.
A broker does not have to allow the full trading suite the regulations permit.  From brokersXpress: Do you allow equity and index options trading in brokersXpress IRAs?     Yes, we allow trading of equity and index options in IRAs based on the trading level assigned to an investor. Trading in IRAs includes call buying, put buying, cash-secured put writing, spreads, and covered calls.  I understand OptionsXpress.com offers the same level of trading. Disclosure - I have a Schwab account and am limited in what's permitted just as your broker does. The trade you want is no more risky that a limit (buy) order, only someone is paying you to extend that order for a fixed time. The real answer is to ask the broker. If you really want that level of trading, you might want to change to one that permits it.
"The real question is what does FT mean by ""Eurozone Bond"". There is no central European government to issue bonds. What they seem to be quoting is the rate for German Bunds. Germany has a strong economy with a manageable debt load, which means it is a safe Euro denominated investment. Bunds are in high demand across the Eurozone, which drives their price up, and their yield down. Greek 10yr bonds, which are Euro denominated, are yielding over 8%."
Depends what type of finance you want to do but it boils down to being passionate and demonstrating your interest I.e.  If you want to go into investing have a PA and invest it in individual stocks and understand why you're long or short something  If you want to go into banking follow wsj bloomberg and understand what's going on w deals and companies in certain sectors you're interested in  Etc
Given the ~25 year horizon for the end of oil, I fail to see how these actions will do anything but line the pockets of politicians, bureaucrats, and their friends.  We will run out of oil before we make a serious reduction in CO2 emissions.
"There is no problem to set up your own""email server"", especially if you have your own website.  The problem is that the interface of server based emails are really crappy and outdated.  I personally still forward all of my server based email messages to Gmail, because it is way more convenient to use it."
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/AccidentalRadiohead using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/AccidentalRadiohead/top/?sort=top&amp;t=all) of all time!**  \#1: [Fitter Happier Jwoww](https://i.reddituploads.com/17abe64f25af42ed958ac4dda055dfc9?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=3511e074b89c14dd5f0bf9e621149d27) | [0 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/AccidentalRadiohead/comments/4u9v1e/fitter_happier_jwoww/)   \#2: [Accidental Thom Yorke](https://i.reddituploads.com/f6d234a64dc7432abffc2658d40f7a9e?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=78ef631d36658cfe59f4837b6e5baa82) | [4 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/AccidentalRadiohead/comments/4leqek/accidental_thom_yorke/)   \#3: [This guy's T-Shirt](http://i.imgur.com/j3vccNy.jpg) | [6 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/AccidentalRadiohead/comments/51ft11/this_guys_tshirt/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)
I use the following allocation in my retirement portfolio: I prefer these because: Expense Ratios Oh, and by their very definition, ETFs are very liquid. EDIT: The remaining 10% is the speculative portion of my portfolio. Currently, I own shares in HAP (as a hedge against rising commodity prices) and TIP (as a hedge against hyperinflation).
Economists are interested in incentives. Here, government set up incentives for banks to make bad loans. The banks share blame, but they were rationally responding to bad incentives. We can criticize the banks all we like, but if we'd rather fix problems than point fingers, we have to address the incentives.   The incentives are the source of the problem, and government policies are the source of the incentives.
&gt; Ignorance is unbecoming.  Then why did you choose to display it?  Okay so there are a variety of different drug tests and they test for different chemicals and they have different prices. The majority of drug tests issued by the majority of employers are for Marijuana because A&gt; That is the cheapest, and B&gt; Marijuana can be detected a few weeks after the last use.  Other drugs tested for such as Cocaine, Heroine, LSD, Alcohol and so on cannot be detected more than 48 hours after usage. Basically all the drugs that are actually bad can't be detected after a few days.  &gt; All three of which can cause slowed reactions putting people in danger.  Only while a person is using them. After the effects of the drug wear off they are no more dangerous than anyone else.   Please, stop with your bullshit.
"If one takes a slightly more expansive view of the word ""saving"" to include most forms of durable asset accumulation, I think the reason some do and most don't is a matter of a few factors, I will include the three that seem obvious to me: Education Most schools in the US where I live do not offer personal finance courses, and even when they do, there is no opportunity for a student to practice good financial habits in that classroom setting. I think a simple assignment that required students to track every penny that they spend over the period of a few months would help them open their eyes to how much money is spent on trivial things that they don't need. Perhaps this would be more effective in a university setting where the students are usually away from home and therefore more responsible for the spending that occurs on their own behalf. Beyond simple education about personal finances, most people have no clue how the various financial markets work. If they understood, they would not allow inflation to eat away at their savings, but that's a separate topic from why people do not save. Culture Since much of the education above isn't happening, children get their primary financial education from their parents. This means that those who are wealthy teach their children how to be wealthy, and those who are poor pass on their habits to children who often also end up poor. Erroneous ideas about consumption vs. investment and its economic effects also causes some bad policy encouraging people to live beyond their means and use credit unwisely, but if you live in a country where the average person expects to eat out regularly and trade in their automobiles as soon as they experienced their highest rate of depreciation, it can be hard to recognize bad financial behavior for what it is. Collective savings rates reflect a lot of individuals who are emulating each other's bad behavior. Discipline Even when someone is educated about finances, they may not establish good habits of budgeting regularly, tracking spending, and setting financial goals. For me, it helps to be married to someone who has similar financial goals, because we budget monthly and any major purchases (over $100 or so) must be agreed upon at the beginning of the month (with obvious exceptions for emergencies). This eliminates any impulsive spending, which is probably 90% of the battle for me. Some people do not need to account to someone else in order to spend wisely, but everyone should find a system that works for them and helps them to maintain some financial discipline."
I suggest you start your own business. What kind of business? That's up to you, pick something you're interested in.  Will it be successful? Probably not, but you'll learn a whole lot. Everything from creating/developing a product/service, sales, marketing, customer support, and many other things.  Here is a podcast on how other people got started: http://www.npr.org/podcasts/510313/how-i-built-this  Edit: here is another great one: https://www.indiehackers.com/
"Hey just letting you know that I've sort of felt the same as you before. I'm not 29 yet, only a few years younger, and I too am in Alberta. Knowing that many trades can be quite lucrative here I too dipped my hand in them, namely the HVAC and Plumbing trades, and after a bit I felt that they weren't for me. And this was after using a year looking for any ins during the recession since nobody was hiring helpers/first years. During that whole year in the times I wasn't looking for a job I was researching and looking up videos of the trades and was thinking how INow after some career counseling, soul searching, all that jazz, I'm about to head back to school next week. If things go well by the time I graduate I will almost be 30 with my first (and probably only) degree.    I wouldn't consider the years from the time I graduated high school to today, where I think I've figured out what I want to do, a waste, but instead I look at them as years where I grew as an adult and gaining real world experience in a few areas I've dabbled in. A future employer may look at them as wasted years, but it is up to me to spin them in a positive way as my ""story"". Just know that you aren't alone in this situation, and I'm sure there's plenty of people worldwide in their 20's and 30's who are still trying to figure out what they want to do. Keep your head up and good luck."
"This is kinda off track from what the the article is getting at, but it's related. I think now more than ever a company needs to focus on pleasing the customer. In this day and age one customer has the power to reach a million other people.  Look at Reddit, we crash websites when just one person submits a link. Depending on what our intentions are this can be good or bad.   I feel like the bigger companies have strayed away from this concept. With E3 in the news you can't help but see how the every day gamer views the ""bigger"" companies such as EA and Microsoft with disdain because they aren't focusing on the customers needs."
Yeah well, Wilbur Ross has serious credentials. He's a multi-billionaire who spent 24 years working for the Rothschilds.  He served under U.S. President Bill Clinton on the board of the U.S.-Russia Investment Fun. He was the chair of the New York Democratic Party. He's spent most of his life in the investments and commerce sector as well as raising money for liberal causes. He just happened to flip Trump this time around.  So it's one of those scenarios where Trump appointed someone with the kind of chops that most people can't even compete with... if a guy of this caliber gets the numbers wrong, it's an outlier.
If you look at page 27 of their 10Q Jan 2017, it clarifies their streaming content liabilities.   http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/NFLX/4914912502x0xS1628280-17-496/1065280/filing.pdf Technically, the total liabilities comes to $20b.   Depending on who your accountant is, the amount can be as you have stated/referred to, but in real terms, it's higher.   The magic of including &lt;1 year vs all of it.    Tesla does the same shit with their accounting.
Imagine that a fund had a large exit load that declined over several years. If you wanted to sell some or all of your investment in that fund you would face a large fee, unless you held it a long time. You would be hesitant to sell because waiting longer would save you money. That is the exact opposite of a liquid investment.  Therefore the ideal level for a liquid fund is to have zero exit load.
Sounds like what you really need is a budget instead of a loan. I like following the four budgeting rules recommended by the team at YNAB. They even have software that helps you through the method even though you can use the method by itself without needing to buy the software. I'm not affiliated with them...just a happy customer! Following these simple rules has allowed me to stop living pay-check to pay-check.
Drawing down from a nest egg is predominately dealing with 3 issues: The much used withdrawal amount used to not deplete your principal is 4%. Some may argue this is too much or not enough but it is regarded as a standard amount.  Seeing that you have $500k you can pull about $20k per year using this drawdown percentage.  If you can live on $20k then you are set.  If not you should build up this nest egg.
The endless hyperbole and straight from the elephant's mouth talking points ruin any credibility you may have. 1/4 of this post is straight out of Ailes' mouth.   TL;DR you're being downvoted because you're not contributing a single thing to the discussion, not because you're a Republican.
Bond ETFs are just another way to buy a bond mutual fund.  An ETF lets you trade mutual fund shares the way you trade stocks, in small share-size increments.  The content of this answer applies equally to both stock and bond funds. If you are intending to buy and hold these securities, your main concerns should be purchase fees and expense ratios.  Different brokerages will charge you different amounts to purchase these securities.  Some brokerages have their own mutual funds for which they charge no trading fees, but they charge trading fees for ETFs.  Brokerage A will let you buy Brokerage A's mutual funds for no trading fee but will charge a fee if you purchase Brokerage B's mutual fund in your Brokerage A account. Some brokerages have multiple classes of the same mutual fund.  For example, Vanguard for many of its mutual funds has an Investor class (minimum $3,000 initial investment), Admiral class (minimum $10,000 initial investment), and an ETF (share price as initial investment).  Investor class has the highest expense ratio (ER).  Admiral class and the ETF generally have much lower ER, usually the same number.  For example, Vanguard's Total Bond Market Index mutual fund has Investor class (symbol VBMFX) with 0.16% ER, Admiral (symbol VBTLX) with 0.06% ER, and ETF (symbol BND) with 0.06% ER (same as Admiral).  See Vanguard ETF/mutual fund comparison page.  Note that you can initially buy Investor class shares with Vanguard and Vanguard will automatically convert them to the lower-ER Admiral class shares when your investment has grown to the Admiral threshold. Choosing your broker and your funds may end up being more important than choosing the form of mutual fund versus ETF.  Some brokers charge very high purchase/redemption fees for mutual funds.  Many brokers have no ETFs that they will trade for free.  Between funds, index funds are passively managed and are just designed to track a certain index; they have lower ERs.  Actively managed funds are run by managers who try to beat the market; they have higher ERs and tend to actually fall below the performance of index funds, a double whammy. See also Vanguard's explanation of mutual funds vs. ETFs at Vanguard. See also Investopedia's explanation of mutual funds vs. ETFs in general.
"There is considerable truth to what your realtor said about the Jersey City NJ housing market these days. It is a ""hot"" area with lots of expensive condos being bought up by people working on Wall Street in NYC (very easy commute by train, etc) and in many cases, the offers to purchase can exceed the asking price significantly. Be that as is may, the issue with accepting a higher offer but smaller downpayment is that when the buyer's lender appraises the property, the valuation might come in lower and the buyer may have to come up with the difference, or be required to accept a higher interest rate, or be refused the loan altogether if the lender estimates that the buyer is likely to default on the loan because his credit-worthiness is inadequate to support the monthly payments. So, the sale might fall through. Suppose that the property is offered for sale at $500K, and consider two bids, one for $480K with 30% downpayment ($144K) and another for $500K with 20% downpayment ($100K).  If the property appraises for $450K, say, and the lender is not willing to lend more than 80% of that ($360K), then Buyer #1 is OK; it is only necessary to borrow  $480K - $144K = $336K, while Buyer #2 needs to come up with another $40K of downpayment to be able to get the loan, or might be asked to pay a higher interest rate since the lender will be lending more than 80% of the appraised value, etc. Of course, Buyer #2's lender might be using a different appraiser whose valuation might be higher etc, but appraisals usually are within the same ballpark.  Furthermore, good seller's agents can make good estimates of what the appraisal is likely to be, and if the asking price is larger than the agent's estimate of appraised value, then it might be to the advantage of the selling agent to recommend accepting the lower offer with higher downpayment over the  higher offer with smaller downpayment. The sale is more likely to go through, and an almost sure 6% of $480K (3% if there is a buyer's agent involved) in hand in 30 days time is worth more than a good chance of nothing at the end of 15 days when the mortgage is declined, during which the house has been off the market on the grounds that the sale is pending. If you really like a house, you need to decide what you are willing to pay for it and tailor your offer accordingly, keeping in mind what your buyer's agent is recommending as the offer amount (the higher the price, the more the agent's commission), how much money you can afford to put down as a downpayment (don't forget closing costs, including points that might be need to be paid), and what your pre-approval letter says about how much mortgage you can afford.  If you are Buyer #1, have a pre-approval letter for $360K,  and have enough savings for a downpayment of up to $150K, and if you (or your spouse!)  really, really, like the place and cannot imagine living in any other place, then you could offer $500K with 30% down (and blow the other offer out of the water). You could even offer more than $500K if you want. But, this is a personal decision.  What your realtor said is perfectly true in the sense that for Y > Z, an offer at $X with $Y down is better than an offer at $X with $Z down. It is to a certain extent true that for W > X, a seller would find an offer at $X with $Y down to be more attractive that an offer at $W with $Z$ down, but that depends on what the appraisal is likely to be, and the seller's agent's recommendations."
Theres a reason there making minimum wage to begin with. The job requires no skill and is for teenagers with MINIMUM skill. There is a reason the job is made for teenagers and not adults trying to support a family. Also raising minimum wage is gonna hurt there employees as they will higher less and have to raise prices on there products just to pay there genius stockboys and genius checkout workers who are solving world hunger.

"My personal rule is to not loan money (or co-sign) for any amount that I am not willing to give away.  It can go wrong in so many ways, and having a family or friend involved means making a ""business"" decision is difficult. If a bank won't loan the person the money, why should I?  Being a co-signer is the same as borrowing the money in my name and giving it right over to the borrower. There might be great reasons to do it.  I would probably sign a loan to keep my family alive or healthy, but no other reason.  There are many ways to help without signing a loan.  Give a room and a place to live, loan a car. The other thing is if you really truly believe in the borrower, it won't do long term damage to your credit or your financial goals, and you are the only resort; go ahead.  I am thinking about helping a teenager afford their first car or student loans."
With your wife's income, you're not doing to see a net difference if she stops working that job. You may actually yield a little more. At the end of the day, it's doable, but you're going to have to rationalize your spending and one or both of you should pick up a part-time job. Do you remember the last time you bought lunch or went out to dinner? You're wasting money. Even a 50% gig at a quality employer like Starbucks or Home Depot will let you make $15-20k. I respect your religious beliefs, but 17% of your income is steep, and you may want to revisit that.
"Perhaps the real question you are asking is ""How can the tax code be fixed to make it simple for everyone (including me), and what would it take to effect those changes""? There are really two causes for the complexity of the tax code. Many of those who enter Government hold a desire for power, and Government uses the tax code as one lever of power to distribute largess to their supporters, and to nudge everyone to behaviors which they favor. The current system enables incumbents to spend taxpayer money to reward those they favor, and thus they accumulate power and security. Those who enter Government also love to spend money (especially other people's money), and their rapacious behavior recognizes no boundaries. They will spend money without control until the taxpayers yank them to a brutal stop. They enact complex rules which are used to ease the (tax) burden for some, which buys their support (with taxpayer money), and they spend money to benefit those which they favor. The system of lobbyists and contributors exists to entice Government to treat them and the causes they support favorably. This system enables incumbents to spend taxed money to reward those they favor, and to tax those they disfavor. Thus their greed is satisfied, and their power is increased. The freedom you seek is not available, although you can minimize the effort required for compliance. You can take the standard deduction, and use nothing but the W-2 provided by your employer, and unless you are subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax, you will find that the tax software will do most of the work for you. Do you want to approach the Nirvana of minimal effort to appease your tax collectors? Avoid starting your own business, charitable donations, investment income, 1099 income, and you will need minimal paperwork. Avoid earning enough to risk the AMT (Alternative Minimum Tax). Refuse to take the mortgage interest deduction, tax credits for electric vehicles, tax credits for high-efficiency appliances and air conditioners, tax credits for residential solar panel installations. Do not own investments which pay interest, or own stocks where you need to track the ""basis"" (purchase price) of the stocks, nor buy and then sell valuable items that might gain value (where you would need to track the purchase price, the ""basis""). Avoid owning and leasing a rental home for income, deducting businesses expenses and mileage for business purposes, contributions to a retirement plan (outside an employer plan) -- all complicate your tax filing. The solution you truly desire is either a ""Flat Tax"" or the ""Fair Tax"". These solutions would effect either a single tax rate (with no deductions or adjustments to income, yeah right), or a national retail sales tax, which would tax the money spent in the economy regardless of the source of the money (legal, gifts, crime) and there would be no need to report income, or classify it. The largest objection to either is that the tax code might become less ""progressive"" (increasing tax rate with increasing income). Good Luck!"
In Canada a good site is: redflagdeals.com
Well i dont know of any calculator but you can do the following 1) Google S&P 500 chart 2) Find out whats the S&P index points (P1) on the first date 3) Find out whats the S&P index points (P2) on the second date 4) P1 - P2 = result
Well, a couple things to keep in mind: Even if you have enough to meet the minimum initial amount, you need to have at least that much income in the year you make the contribution. You'll probably be best served saving up in a savings account so that by the time you have an income (and can thus make contributions), you have enough cash to meet the minimum initial contribution.
Are you doing the right thing? Yes, paying back some of the expense of college is a great way to show your gratitude. Could your sister also pitch in a little to help pay the debt down? Will you get approved for a $30,000 unsecured loan? You don't mention your credit rating but that will have an effect obviously. You might consider visiting a credit union with your father and co-signing a loan since it is his debt that you are assuming. You might still want to write a loan for your dad to sign even if he isn't co-signed on a loan. This could protect you in case of his death if there are other assets to divide. If you are not approved for a loan, you could also simply join your dad in paying down the highest-rate cards first and have a loan agreement for him to pay back that money if/when it is possible. You've mentioned that you have no collateral. There aren't many options for loans with no collateral. Your dad's bank or a credit union might consider a debt consolidation loan with you as a co-signer. That's why I mentioned going to a credit union. Talking to a loan officer at a local financial institution will make it easier to get approved. If they see that you are taking responsible steps to pay off the debt, that reduces your credit risk. If you do get a debt consolidation loan, they will probably ask your dad to close some credit card accounts.
I use Yelp occasionally.  I still haven't seen the problem.  Typically I read the good and bad reviews.  I understand that there are many instances of apparent abuse but honestly, I've never run into them when looking a place up.  So yeah, it sucks that this happens but I still don't see it as a big deal overall.
Important to take note that Buffett is not directly investing in real estate. He bought a lot of stock in a real estate company that owns a lot of real estate (a REIT). Buffett typically buys stocks in companies that have good fundamentals in industries where he sees potential for growth. So indirectly he is betting on real estate, but holding stock in a REIT is much different than owning properties.
"Welcome to America!  This country is not meant to be a free ride. I personally  (single, ""native"" male) pay a significant amount each year to Uncle Sam and receive no benefits at all.  Where do ""natives"" sign up for the free stuff?!"
"Some companies issue multiple classes of shares.  Each share may have different ratios applied to ownership rights and voting rights.  Some shares classes are not traded on any exchange at all.  Some share classes have limited or no voting rights.   Voting rights ratios are not used when calculating market cap but the market typically puts a premium on shares with voting rights. Total market cap must include ALL classes of shares, listed or not, weighted according to thee ratios involved in the company's ownership structure.  Some are 1:1, but in the case of Berkshire Hathaway, Class B shares are set at an ownership level of 1/1500 of the Class A shares. In terms of Alphabet Inc, the following classes of shares exist as at 4 Dec 2015: When determining market cap, you should also be mindful of other classes of securities issued by the company, such as convertible debt instruments and stock options.  This is usually referred to as ""Fully Diluted"" assuming all such instruments are converted."
The turbo kit is mainly used in OEM applications such as Audi. It also has forged mill compressor wheel, which brings numerous benefits to the exhaust. The technology used in the production of the turbos which provides a variety of benefits like reduction in the wheel weight of a reduced compressor, increased strength, and greater surface area of the compressor wheel.
That we can both agree on :-).   I still get annoyed when people talk about the Federal Govt getting involved in monetary policy and conversely the Fed Reserve implementing fiscal policy.   There's nothing wrong discussing economic policies, I just wish people at least people studied Macro 101 before arguing about economics.
&gt; People should come before profits.   The entire Corporate Charter process is in United States law. It does say profit comes before people, it's called fiduciary responsibility. I haven't seen any political parties rise around this topic -- so I'd assume corporations hurting people isn't as big as Reddit makes it out? Otherwise most Americans would change how they vote and find a new party?
Not really money related, but: how long are you going to be staying there? Once your wife graduates, would you be potentially moving to another area, or needing to move to be closer to where she works? If so, you might want to wait until after she graduates and you know where you'll be, before putting down money on large stationary items like houses.
"These are two different ways of processing payments. They go through different systems many times, and are treated differently by the banks, credit card issuers and the stores. Merchants pay different fees on transactions paid by debit cards and by credit cards. Debit transactions require PIN, and are deducted from your bank account directly. In order to achieve that, the transaction has to reach the bank in real time, otherwise it will be declined. This means, that the merchant has to have a line of communications open to the relevant processor, that in turn has to be able to connect to the bank and get the authorization - all that while on-line. The bank verifies the PIN, authorizes the transaction, and deducts the amount from your account, while you're still at the counter. Many times these transactions cannot be reversed, and the fraud protections and warranties are different from credit transactions. Credit transactions don't have to go to your card issuer at all. The merchant can accept credit payment without calling anyone, and without getting prior authorizations. Even if the merchant sends the transaction for authorization with its processor, if the processor cannot reach the issuing bank - they can still approve the transaction under certain conditions. This is, however, never true with debit cards (even if used as ""credit""). They're not deducted from your bank account, but accumulated on your credit card account. They're posted there when the actual transaction reaches the card issuer, which may be many days (and even many months) after the transaction took place. Credit transactions can be reversed (in some cases very easily), and enjoy from a higher level of fraud protection. In some countries (and most, if not all, of the EU) fraudulent credit transactions are never the consumer's problem, always the bank's. Not so with debit transactions. Banks may be encouraging you to use debit for several reasons: Merchants will probably prefer credit because: Consumers will probably be better off with credit because:"
&gt; The level of economic ignorance in this thread is astounding.   1) You don’t pay taxes when you buy, you pay them when you sell (capital gains). Gains imply that on net assets were bought rather than sold.  2) The determining factor for paying down debts is the government’s decision not stock market performance. There is no causal relationship.
- ETFs make money through management fees. You can look it up: they all skim off a little bit of its profit, normally &lt;1%.  - It's all about cheap diversification. People generally don't have the capital to invest individually in each equity to mimic an ETF's portfolio.   - Yes, but you need a lot of money. For example: You can't just invest $1 in GOOG if you want to buy a tech sector ETF.
Half of working age men out of the workforce aren't taking it for pain. They are taking it to catch a buzz. I STRONGLY believe that cannabis is a better answer. The amount you would have to smoke to lead to emphysema is ridiculous. That's what chain smokers get.
While I agree with the existing bulk of comments and answers that you can't tell the lender the $7k is a gift, I do think you might have luck finding a mortgage broker who can help you get a loan as a group.  (You might consider as an LLC or other form of corporation if no one will take you otherwise.)  That is, each of you will be an owner of the house and appear on the mortgage.  IIRC, as long as the downpayment only comes from the collective group, and the income-to-debt ratio of the group as a whole is acceptable, and the strongest credit rating of the group is good, you should be able to find a loan.  (You may need a formal ownership agreement to get this accepted by the lender.)  That said, I don't know if your income will trump your brother's situation (presumably high debt ratio or lower than 100% multiplier on his income dues to its source), but it will certainly help. As to how to structure the deal for fairness, I think whatever the two of you agree to and put down in writing is fine.  If you each think you're helping the other, than a 50/50 split on profits at the sale of the property seems reasonable to me.   I'd recommend that you actually include in your write up a defined maximum period for ownership (e.g. 5yr, or 10yr, etc,) and explain how things will be resolved if one side doesn't want to sell at that point but the other side does. Just remember that whatever percentages you agree to as ownership won't effect the lender's view of payment requirements.  The lender will consider each member of the group fully and independently responsible for the loan.  That is, if something happens to your brother, or he just flakes out on you, you will be on the hook for 100% of the loan.  And vice-versa.  Your write up ought to document what happens if one of you flakes out on paying agreed upon amounts, but still expects there ownership share at the time of sale. That said, if you're trying to be mathematically fair about apportioning ownership, you could do something like the below to try and factor in the various issues into the money flow: The above has the benefit that you can start with a different ownership split (34/66, 25/75, etc.) if one of you wants to own more of the property.
The reason your scheme fails is because you're attempting to make all bonds trade at their face value plus interest, regardless of the credit of the issuer. In all of your examples, you're suggesting I can pay my bill to the electric company using bonds from XYZ corp. Does my electric company have a right to refuse XYZ Corp bonds as payment and demand other payment?  If they do have a right to refuse payment, it is almost a certainty my electric company will have no interest in poring over the books of XYZ Corp or MomAndPop's Country Diner in order to decide whether they accept or reject the payment. They will simply reject it and demand cash.   If they can NOT refuse to accept the payment, then you will immediately have all sorts of shell corps who's only purpose is to accumulate debt and act as a free money printing press for some other shadowy entity.   In both cases, your plan fails.
Never take the first quote. Consider what it would really cost to replace the house -- to rebuild and pay for living while you do so (including demolition, etc.) and/or pay off the mortgage and return your equity if it is a financed property.  Most insurances will have a limit on how much coverage you can get based on the property value and your goods value estimates.  Shop around for a company that will give you a good price but also good customer service and a smooth claims process.  They should be solvent (able to pay your claim if, say, a tornado hit the whole neighborhood).  And they should cover your reasonable replacement costs. And remember, insurance is about the big losses like fires. Know what you are comfortable self insuring (higher or lower deductibles, optional coverages, etc.) and you will have an easier time getting the coverage you need for the price you want to pay.
"I suspect this is a function of deregulated banks' desire to write and flip as many mortgages as possible. The best targets for this sales push were naturally those with the most education, who tended to have the best credit ratings and most secure jobs.   The last time I bought a house, the mortgage salesman practically lit up when looking at my income and credit score, pushing me hard to borrow more. ""You could buy a lot more house than this!"" he said. ""You could buy apartments as an investment or for resale!""  I resisted temptation, thank heaven, but it's all too easy to see how millions of others didn't."
I'm interested in corporate finance. Can you recommend some great inexpensive online courses for financial modeling training? (maybe something that you took and highly recommend. If no, I'll look up for them myself) I want to get familiar with it first. Don't wanna spend too much and mess up.
This can be done, you can be prosecuted for some forms of it, in any case there are more riskless ways of doing what you suggested. First, buying call options from market makers results in market makers buying shares at the same delta as the call option. (100 SHARES X DELTA = How many shares MM's bought). You can time this with the volume and depth of the shares market to get a bigger resulting move caused by your options purchase to get bigger quote changes in your option. So on expiration day you can be trade near at the money options back and forth between being out the money and in the money. You would exit the position into liquidity at a profit. The risk here is that you can be sitting on a big options position, where the commissions costs get really big, but you can spread this out amongst several options contracts. Second, you can again take advantage of market maker inefficiencies by getting your primary position (whether in the share market or options market) placed, and then your other position being a very large buy order a few levels below the best bid. Many market makers and algorithms will jump in front of your, they think they are being smart, but it will raise the best bid and likely make a few higher prints for the mark, raising the price of your call option. And eventually remove your large buy order. Again, you exit into liquidity. This is called spoofing. There have been some regulatory actions against people in doing this in the last few years. As for consequences, you need to put things into perspective. US capital market regulators have the most nuanced regulations and enforcement actions of worldwide capital market regulators, and even then they get criticized for being unable or unwilling to curb these practices. With that perspective American laws are basically a blueprint on what to do in 100 other country's stock exchanges, where the legislature has never gotten around to defining the same laws, the securities regulator is even more underfunded and toothless, and the markets more inefficient. Not advice, just reality.
"&gt;Corporations should be able to ""oppress"" as much as they want  This is incredibly short sighted, and even if I kept the rest of your quote, it wouldn't change that. You are tacitly handing over control over our civil rights to anonymous people in a boardroom.  We won't let the government oppress us, but Wal Marts fine? The rights we have are only effective if we are able to use them in real life. If our lives are dominated by corporations who take away our rights at every turn, we don't have access to those rights anymore.  The Bill of Rights is a document designed to protect people from Tyranny. Corporations don't get a pass on having to treat people fairly because they weren't elected. How can we sit an decry Donald Trump and let thousands of people who are just like him oppress from the boardroom?  Your position is born out of fear and a desire for retribution, and you ignore the consequences of setting precedent that allows corporations shut down speech they don't like."
You get to drink water?  Where I grew up it got to 140 in the winter, and we had to drink our own sweat, or our coworkers, if we were lucky!  And that was only during our one break per week!   :)
&gt;The heat from the data center cannot be harnessed aside of providing some of this heating, or to help with the heating of domestic water. Overall, exceptionally little of it is useful.  I'm admittedly dense, I'm still not clear on why this is.
Deduction for Health Checkup is allowed under Section 80D and is allowed to everyone whether Salaried or Business/Professional. However, Exemption for Medical Reimbursement of Rs. 15000 is allowed under a different section.  A salaried employee can take benefit of both Medical Reimbursement of Rs. 15,000 as well as Preventive Health Check-up of Rs. 5,000.  Source: Tax Deduction for Health Check-up
Invest in growth stocks which do not pay any dividends (Note that some part of the dividends issued by a corporation might be from interest received by the company and passed on to you as a dividend); Buy a house from a bank that practices Islamic Banking. See this question which you yourself answered a few weeks ago to understand how this works.
If you seek a company that will understand and build a Custom Home Building Naples that offers solutions to the lifestyle and needs your family has, then look no further than Palmer Homes. We are a call away on 239-898-2460.
You will have to rebalance every time your Boolean Buy flag is true. You buy 20% of each fund then next week you have to sell down to 10% of your first 5 funds and buy 10% of the second 5.
So for each thousand dollars saved you will earn $1.50 more each year. It is up to you to decide whether it is worth the hassle.
Google Finance portfolios take into account splits and cash deposits/withdrawals.
"I'd agree that this can seem a little unfair, but it's an unavoidable consequence of the necessary practicality of paying out dividends periodically (rather than continuously), and differential taxation of income and capital gains. To see more clearly what's going on here, consider buying stock in a company with extremely simple economics: it generates a certain, constant earnings stream equivalent to $10 per share per annum, and redistributes all of that profit as periodic dividends (let's say once annually). Assume there's no intrinsic growth, and that the firm's instrinsic value (which we'll say is $90 per share) is completely neutral to any other market factors. Under these economics, this stock price will show a ""sawtooth"" evolution, accruing from $90 to $100 over the course of a year, and resetting back down to $90 after each dividend payment. Now, if I am invested in this stock for some period of time, the fair outcome would be that I receive an appropriately time-weighted share of the $10 annual earnings per share, less my tax. If I am invested for an exact calendar year, this works as I'd expect: the stock price on any given day in the year will be the same as it was exactly one year earlier, so I'll realise zero capital gain, but I'll have collected a $10 taxed dividend along the way. On the other hand, what if I am invested for exactly half a year, spanning a dividend payment? I receive a dividend payment of $10 less tax, but I make a capital loss of -$5. Overall, pre-tax, I'm up $5 per share as expected. However, the respective tax treatment of the dividend payment (which is classed as income) and the capital gains is likely to be different. In particular, to benefit from the ""negative"" taxation of the capital loss I need to have some positive capital gain elsewhere to offset it - if I can't do that, I'm much worse off compared to half the full-year return. Further, even if I can offset against a gain elsewhere the effective taxation rates are likely to be different - but note that this could work for or against me (if my capital gains rate is greater than my income tax rate I'd actually benefit). And if I'm invested for half a year, but not spanning a dividend, I make $5 of pure capital gains, and realise a different effective taxation rate again. In an ideal world I'd agree that the effective taxation rate wouldn't depend on the exact timing of my transactions like this, but in reality it's unavoidable in the interests of practicality. And so long as the rules are clear, I wouldn't say it's unfair per se, it just adds a bit of complexity."
I don't see how that would be an issue in any way.  Referral bonuses are very common.  I'm a little confused as to why you think this might be an issue (or why there would be advice to get a lawyer)... this is called networking.  Growing a business requires contacts you can rely on.  Make sure you're confident in his work, as your clients will likely not be happy with you if he doesn't perform well.
"Listen guys.  The TPP only benefits multi nationals. Don't let this propaganda make you think that somehow ""small farmers"" would benefit from a deal that no one has seen, can't read, can't edit, cannot debate, can't change, doesn't sunset and you can't get out of it.    Also,  pro TPP ""opinion influencers"" don't speak to me or you will be flagged as spam.    Edit: spelling"
"Stock price is set to the price with the highest transaction volume at any given time.  The stock price you cited was only valid in the last transaction on a specific stock exchange. As such it is more of an ""historic"" value. Next trade will be done with the next biggest volume. Depending on the incoming bids and asks this could be higher or lower, but you can assume it will not be too far off if there is no crash underway. Simple example stock exchange:"
If you expect to pay tax on dividends move dividend producing assets into your ISA. If have a lot of investments you can Look at Zeros (zero dividend preference share) issued by splits  (split capital trusts), https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Split_capital_investment_trust
"People act like lawsuits are the end of the world, her suing shouldn't be considered a threat, it should be considered the accurate course of action to resolve contractual obligations. Of course, it would be convenient if she did nothing at all!  If you believe her real goal is to ""get it off her credit"", then have her come refinance with you. This will give you the opportunity to not have her on it and you to get different terms. Of course, if your credit still is poor then this option also exacerbates the inconvenience. None of the options sounds like they will ruin your credit (unless you are scrounging for cash through credit facilities to pay her off). You have several completely benign options available."
Yeah, that's what I hear.  I was mostly just screwing around today.  I'm an options trader which allows me to make a bit higher returns.  I really don't like the setup interface this thing uses, and I ended up just trading market orders for the hell of it all day.  I made about 3% today. Still learning the interface and how to maximize use.
I assume having real estate in a good popular city is much more secure way of keeping money than having it in a bank account Not at all!  Many things can go wrong with rental property. Renters can be late on rent, they can cause damage to property, you can have unexpected repairs. I'm not saying that you should just let it sit, but rental property is not risk-free my any means. Are you prepared to be a landlord as a part time job (for 500/mo?).  Rental property is not passive income - it takes work to maintain.  You can outsource this to a property manager, but that eats into the 500/mo that you are estimating). I want to stay flexible and have a possibility to change my location whenever I want. That's a perfectly reasonable reason not to buy a home, but what will you do with the rental when you move? It will still need maintenance, you'll still need to interact with renters, etc. I'm not saying you shouldn't do this, but I get the feeling that you are not fully aware of the risks involved in rental properties.
You can also use ICS&lt;GO&gt; on Bloomberg and choose the right category (many subcategories, probably you'll start on home builders or something like that). If that doesn't work, press F1 twice and ask it to an analyst. I'm sure they have this info.
There is a funny story about that.  If you were visiting Apple and Jobs was taking you to lunch in the cafe - he would insist on paying.  Employees, get to checkout and have their badge scanned and the cost of the food is deducted from their paycheck.  So why did Steve always insist on treating for lunch?  He was enjoying all he (and guests) could eat for $1 a year.
My statement doesn't need a source.  CEOs are literally people that are in charge of entire companies.  Not everyone can do that.   You, on the other hand, provided a statement with out any information to back it up.  When you try to refute an argument with facts you need to give a source.  I'm not going to try to prove you're right.  If you're going to contradict someone, give them sources.
You are grossly wrong.   COL differences are nowhere that big.  Especially for a younger person, for which buying a house is not on the table.  I've done the math - I had to, as I received a bay area offer.    The cost of most of the things you spend money on (travel, household items, material goods) will hardly change.  It's only housing, which is not a big enough of a expense to come even close to your outlandish claim.   I'm tired of people who have no cold hard facts and simply parrot what they've heard elsewhere regarding this situation.  If you don't know what your talking about, it's best you keep your mouth closed.
Mainly because I have it and you don't, I can make you do stuff for it because more of us perceive its value than bother about the paper you are holding.   Picture if you will a moment in time, when the paper you are holding, represented the amount of gold you had at home, as time went by you spent all your gold and the amount the paper represented, became less and less and the amount of lunch you could buy with it became less and less.  Today the day has arrived, that you have no gold left and what your paper represents is an empty coffer . .  Move along . .people who can pay for their lunch are waiting and look, the paper they hold represents gold they have.
hell even the gulf arab states are doing...well they are somewhat functional.  Canada doesn't suffer from a curse. Australia produces nothing but commodities yet still does well.  Japan has no resources. korea doesn't either, were colonized and still have done decently.   look at the difference between Haiti and DR. same land. but the Dominicans aren't really black.
When I moved banks.  I had my old bank cut a cashier's check.  It isn't a check you write. They write it and give it to you.  I then took the cashier's check to my new bank to deposit it.
Our seasonal worker program is broken. Only 5% of foreign farm workers use it and the rest come illegally because it's impossible to clear the system. If we had something in place to easily get people in and out of the country to work the fields I would agree but that system for us doesn't exist.
"1. Transcript: http://www.henrygeorgeschool.org/uploads/Smart_Talk_Transcript_Interview_Roberts_v02.pdf      Source: http://www.henrygeorgeschool.org/Smart_Talk_TV.html  2. (a) ""[The Social Responsibility of Business is to Increase its Profits](http://www.colorado.edu/studentgroups/libertarians/issues/friedman-soc-resp-business.html)"" by Milton Friedman, published on 13 September 1970: http://www.colorado.edu/studentgroups/libertarians/issues/friedman-soc-resp-business.html       Mirror: http://web.archive.org/web/20030130073709/www.colorado.edu/studentgroups/libertarians/issues/friedman-soc-resp-business.html      (b) ""[Maximizing shareholder value: The goal that changed corporate America](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/maximizing-shareholder-value-the-goal-that-changed-corporate-america/2013/08/26/26e9ca8e-ed74-11e2-9008-61e94a7ea20d_singlePage.html)"" by Jia Lynn Yang, published on 26 August 2013: http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/maximizing-shareholder-value-the-goal-that-changed-corporate-america/2013/08/26/26e9ca8e-ed74-11e2-9008-61e94a7ea20d_singlePage.html  3. http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1kpbd6/oligarchic_tendencies_study_finds_only_the/cbrhf0y  4. http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/28yio0/tech_industry_job_ads_older_workers_need_not_apply/cifoej1  5. ""[The West on the wrong path: In view of the events in Ukraine, the government and many media have switched from level-headed to agitated. The spectrum of opinions has been narrowed to the width of a sniper scope. The politics of escalation does not have a realistic goal -- and harms German interests.](http://www.handelsblatt.com/meinung/kommentare/essay-in-englisch-the-west-on-the-wrong-path/v_detail_tab_print/10308406.html)"" by Gabor Steingart, published on 8 August 2014: http://www.handelsblatt.com/meinung/kommentare/essay-in-englisch-the-west-on-the-wrong-path/v_detail_tab_print/10308406.html      Source: http://www.handelsblatt.com/meinung/kommentare/essay-in-englisch-the-west-on-the-wrong-path/10308406.html      Via: http://www.handelsblatt.com/meinung/kommentare/politik-der-eskalation-der-irrweg-des-westens-/10308844.html"
Ya BK is definitely not the enemy here.  It was a smart business decision and if the US doesn't want to lost key businesses and industries to overseas they need to work with companies to come up with a tax structure that's realistic rather than charging damn near half for the top tier marginal rate and calling companies unAmerican for wanting to leave.
"Plenty!  Following are just a few: For things like RESP and RRSP which have an ""end"" date; as you or your children age, you should be migrating to less speculative investments and more secure ones.  When children are young, for example, you might be in a ""growth"" type fund.  Later on, you would likely want to switch that to an ""income"" fund, which is also more conservative and less likely to lose principal. Are you getting the best benefit from your credit cards?  Is there another card with benefits that you would get more ""back"" from using?  Is that fee-based Air miles card worth it?  Is cash-back better for you? If you have regular investment withdrawals, can you increase them?  Do you like the plan they are going in to?  Similarly look over any other long-term debt repayment.  Student loans, car loans, mortgage.  What is coming up this year, what is ""ending"".  If, for example, car payment will end, how will you earmark that money, so it just does not disappear into general funds. While you could go over things like these more often, once a year should be plenty often to keep tabs and not obsess. Good Luck!"
I am in the same boat as this guy. Laugh all you want, but I am not racist either. I love what African-Americans have done for our country. Their culture has made a HUGE impact on our country. But to suggest there aren't MAJOR issues facing their community and to suggest America would be same if Anglo-Saxons had not been running the show for the last 200 years, is naive. While we try to figure out how to solve the problems that plague our African-American community, we need to be careful. Let's encourage the efforts of people who made our country great over the actions of people who make our country not so great
Lotto Playing To Win is the top source for Lottery strategy in the USA. We have turned thousands of lottery losers into winners and made hundreds of people rich. We are the only lottery systems that have been credited with winning dozens of first prize lottery lotto jackpots. If you want to many strategies for winning the lottery then you should read the Lotto Playing to Win E-Book. You can get this book on our website lottoplayingtowin and you can order online.
You need to keep in mind that there's an exemption amount of more than $5M (five million) dollars for estate tax. Unless you used all of it for gifts during your life time, it will more than cover all of your $70K estate, so there's no need in any additional planning. As to Roth vs Traditional IRA - if you want to leave something to your siblings, leave them the Roth. Why would you give the taxable income to your siblings when you can give them the nontaxable one? Charities are tax exempt anyway.
"Daniel covered the correct way to file on the returns, I'm chiming in specifically to discuss the question of whether it could be a gift. The IRS will classify it as a tip even if the person giving it says it's a gift if a service was rendered before the gift was given. The only way that you could make a case to the IRS that it was a gift is if you have a personal relationship outside of the working environment, and the person giving the gift provides an explanation for the motivation behind the gift.  Such explanations as ""Happy Birthday"" or ""Congratulations on graduating"" or other special occasions could be gifts. But ""you did a good job, and I just want to reward you for your effort"" is not a reason someone gives a gift, and the IRS will penalize you if you do not have evidence that it was a gift rather than a tip."
[Evidence?](http://governmentisgood.com/articles.php?aid=17)  What you are asking for is evidence based on theoreticals.  You can’t have that evidence unless it has actually been tried.  So what you get instead is the same thing we see in Congress: a discussion of theoreticals.  The biggest problem is the way we react to taxes changed based on the current circumstances we are in.  Our circumstances have yet to repeat themselves.  We are s relatively young country.  Good luck finding evidence to support either side.  Instead, look for and debate good arguments from each side.
"&gt; Thank you for the wealth of information!  Sure, I hope my opinions are food for thought.  &gt; 1) Does that basically translate to ""less tax on poor/wealthy...to promote entrepreneurship?  No, your typical entrepreneur is a smart, disgruntled employee who thinks they have a better way to do a job.  If you want more entrepreneurs, you should do things to help them succeed in a new company and minimize the risk.  Some ways to do this:  * Create a government agency that offers programs that help new companies.  Guidance and funding are obvious candidates.  Advertising for small local business would help too.  One of the most important would be getting complementing talent together because a start-up needs the talents of at least four different people to have a good chance of succeeding.  * Establish guaranteed health care.  A 40-something with a wife and kids may have a great idea but can't risk to leave his family with no health insurance for the two years it would take to get his idea off the ground.  * Better enforce anti-trust law.  I believe small companies are stifled by big companies because the latter control too much of the market.  If you want competitive markets you need to either break-up or handcuff and monitor the big players.  * Create a better safety net.  It is a lot easier to go on your own if you know at least you won't starve.  &gt; 2) Rich using money to grow their own wealth. But wouldn't that mean as a byproduct, jobs will be made?  In theory, yes, but I believe in practice the opposite happens.  Big companies can make significantly more money hoarding their market share rather than branching into new markets.  Here's a true story of my last company with names changed:  Company A makes widgets.  Company B makes bookkeeping software for tracking widgets and is very successful, controlling a majority of the market.  Company A buys Company B at an inflated price.  The government allows the sale on the condition that Company A does not use Company B's information on the widget market to gain an unfair advantage.  Company A agrees and the buyout takes place.  Company A then approaches all of Company B's customers and says, ""Let us look at the data on your bookkeeping software and we will give you a 5% discount.""  Most customers agree so Company A now has all the data controlled by Company B but this is not illegal because they got it from Company B's customers, not company B.  Company A proceeds to undercut the market because it now knows exactly how much their competitors widgets sell for.  Company A now controls a majority of the widget market and their market share continues to grow rapidly.  By the way [here is that Bloomberg article I described earlier about repatriation being about buyouts](https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-05-08/theory-of-tax-repatriation-is-better-than-the-reality).  &gt;&gt;  Take home money is used for investment. It isn't.  &gt; 3) I don't think I understand this one at all. Will you rephrase it for me?  The argument is that we need to tax corporations less so they can invest more.  Here's the problem -- investments are not taxed.  A corporation's tax is a percentage of their gross income minus their expenses.  Investment is an expense.  Therefore the more they invest, the lower their tax bill.  If you want companies to invest more, raise their tax rate.  &gt; 4) I did hear from my professor and the educational videos he had shown us that the capital tax is one of the highest among the other OECD nations.  I need to walk back what I said earlier.  The US corporate tax rate is one of the highest.  Does that mean US corporations pay the most tax?  Well, [it's complicated](http://www.npr.org/2017/08/07/541797699/fact-check-does-the-u-s-have-the-highest-corporate-tax-rate-in-the-world).  &gt; ...why can't we just close loop-holes instead of choosing to slash capital tax?  Note that those go in opposite directions.  Closing loopholes would make companies pay more.  Slashing capital tax would have them pay less.  Perhaps doing both would be revenue neutral.  I would be in support of that because I suspect loopholes benefit big companies a lot more than small ones because they have the resources to find and exploit those loopholes.  That said, people in power have been talking for 20 years about ""closing the loopholes"".  They never do.  [CGP Gray has an excellent video explaining why these loopholes are not going anywhere anytime soon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rStL7niR7gs).  &gt; 5) I think it's in each company's best interest to further their own agenda, and that agenda usually means bad for the majority.  Yes, that's a much better way of saying what I meant.  &gt; Thank you in advance for your time.  Sure, thanks for thinking, asking questions, and making up your own mind."
The spot curve (or yield curve) demonstrates the different yields at which bonds of differing maturities are being purchased. When the yield curve is upward sloping, longer maturity bonds are being purchased at higher yields. When it's downward sloping, longer maturity bonds are purchased at lower yields. Keep in mind that yield is inversely related to price, so that a high-yield bond will be at a lower price and vice versa. The spot curve can also be used to determine the forward curve. This is based on the concept that an investor, given two options with identical cash flows, will be indifferent in what to purchase (i.e. their prices should be equal).   To learn more about this, stay here in /r/finance. To learn anything about your actual question, try /r/personalfinance.
This professionally accredited course is designed to help you the confidence and business acumen necessary to develop, position and build businesses in the most strategically effective way. We aim to provide a Business marketing understanding of business analysis, planning, and management, alongside specialist marketing skills, such as understanding customer behavior, developing creative solutions and how to promote competitive advantage.
"Question:  Why is ""negative equity"" on a home such a huge deal? Whether or not your home equity/mortgage balance is positive or negative, it's not like your monthly payments are changing at all, right? Regardless of if you have a mortgage or were renting an apartment, you'd still have to pay to live there, right? If every month you're still going to be out $1000 one or another, some equity is better than no equity right?"
The only thing that comes to mind is a recent HBO Real Sports segment (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDjkbgrgcmo) on a couple of NFL players who blew all of their money.  Seeing how they've ended up might make the right impression, but given that your brother ran up $148K in debt, I'm not optimistic.
Stuart MacFarlane Jungian Analyst Stuart MacFarlane, a psychotherapist and Jungian analyst, suggests workers try psychotherapy to overcome their sleep troubles. While there are many forms of psychotherapy, it generally involves talking to a therapist to gain a better understanding of yourself to change and overcome your problems.
I have in the last few years purchased several used cars from dealers. They have handled it two different ways. They accepted a small check ~$1,000 now, and then gave me three business days to bring the rest as a cashiers check. They also insisted that I submit a application for credit, in case I needed a loan.  They accepted a personal check on the spot. Ask them before you drive to the dealer. Of course they would love you to get a loan from them.
I suppose you can calculate the rate of return on buying a home in terms of appreciation, expenses, inflation, taxes, etc.  Nothing wrong with that. The method justkt came up with is accurate, but when you get the number out I wouldn't worry if the return is negative. Why?  Because you've lived there and enjoyed the house the whole time (I'm assuming anyway that this is your residence you're purchasing).  If you come out even the slightest bit ahead, congratulations!  You had a free place to live the whole time, plus you made a little money on the deal. If you lost money, then oh well.  You still had a place to live.
I don't know what you're talking about. If anything bankruptcy has become more creditor friendly over the years, which is only logical because business debtors don't really lobby for friendlier bankruptcy rules when they're not planning on being bankrupt. The only difference is that debt is more readily available and a bigger part of doing business today, so you'll naturally see more reorganizations.
"Summary: It's because you are effectively contributing more money in the second case, so you have more money at the end.  The effect of being covered by an employer retirement plan (in the case of a 401(k), that means either you or your employer contributed to it during the year) is that it prevents you from deducting Traditional IRA contributions unless your income is below a very low level (for Single filing status, it phases out at an MAGI of between $62k and $72k). Since you are unable to deduct the Traditional IRA contribution, but you entered that you are still making the full $5500 contribution every year, that means you are making a non-deductible contribution of $5500 every year instead of a deductible contribution. Nondeductible contributions are ""after-tax"", whereas deductible contributions are ""pre-tax"" (because your taxable income is reduced by the amount of the contribution, so you effectively don't pay income tax on the income you used to contribute). $1 of pre-tax money is not the same as $1 of after-tax money. If your marginal tax rate is 25%, then $1 of pre-tax money is equivalent to $0.75 of after-tax money. However, since in both cases you are putting in the same nominal amount of contribution ($5500), but one is pre-tax and one is after-tax, in the after-tax case you are effectively contributing more money, i.e. more money is taken out from your bank account that year. The $5500 pre-tax contribution is equivalent to only $5500 * 0.75 = $4125 after-tax, i.e. you are only short $4125 from your bank account at the end of the year after making a $5500 deductible contribution, whereas you are short $5500 after making a $5500 non-deductible contribution, so it's not a fair comparison. The non-deductible Traditional IRA contributions are not taxed when withdrawn (though the earnings earned from those contributions are still taxed), so that's why you are left with a greater amount. This is a similar situation to what happens when you try to compare a $5500 deductible Traditional IRA contribution to a $5500 Roth IRA contribution -- it will look like the Roth IRA case leaves you with much more money, but that's again because you are effectively contributing more money, because the Roth IRA contribution is after-tax, so it's not a fair comparison. (The Roth IRA case will produce a much greater ""advantage"" than the non-deductible Traditional IRA contribution case, because for a Roth IRA, both the contributions and earnings will not be taxed at withdrawal.)"
But has inflation went up ? The only reason jobs would be lost would be if the cities economy couldn't absorb the inflation .  Since you are now increasing the incomes of every one at the bottom , the city will likely be able to absorb the inflation . The question really is have the people at the bottom increased there spending power over all  and have there been winners and losers for example maybe servers are doing better but retirees and others on a fixed income worse .
The penny pilot program has a dramatic effect on increasing options liquidity. Bids can be posted at .01 penny increments instead of .05 increments. A lot of money is lost dealing with .05 increments. Issues are added to the penny pilot program based on existing liquidity in both the stock and the options market, but the utility of the penny pilot program outweighs the discretionary liquidity judgement that the CBOE makes to list issues in that program. The reason the CBOE doesn't list all stocks in the penny pilot program is because they believe that their data vendors cannot handle all of the market data. But they have been saying this since 2006 and storage and bandwidth technology has greatly improved since then.
"They are similar in the sense that they are transferring money from the company to shareholders, but that's about it. There is different tax treatment, yes, but that's because they are fundamentally different. Dividends transfer money equally to all shareholders, but that also reduces the value of each share by the same amount, since it's cash out the door, which drops the value of the company. Shareholders are taxed on dividends at the capital gains tax rate. A buyback returns the cash to shareholders who decide to sell.  Other shareholders get a secondary benefit of now owning a slightly larger portion of the company since there are fewer shares outstanding.  Shareholders only pay tax if they sell shares for a gain. It that means when company buyback their stock, the stock price will definitely go up? Not necessarily. It depends on the price that the company buys back the shares for and what the ""opportunity cost"" of that cash is - meaning what else could the company have done with the cash that would have been better? Buybacks often happen in mature companies with undervalued stock prices and fewer opportunities for further investment.  If a company has an intrinsic value of $10 a share but its stock is trading at $8 a share, then it can instantly get a 25% ""return"" by buying back stock.  I use the term ""return"" loosely since the company does not actually profit from the buyback, but from the shareholder's perspective the company is worth more per share."
And that's how we ended up with Detroit. Someone someplace with a almost meaningless existence will always be willing to do it cheaper. Funny thing about creating a society though. Capitalism, often is very counterproductive to creating a society. Checks and balances must be put in place or it will eat itself.
What is your career goal for the CFA? I'm asking because there are quite a few financial careers where to CFA is quite useless. It would be pretty miserable if you wasted your time getting a certification that wasn't helpful.
Disappointing to say the least.  I'd like to see us invest in updating our nuclear reactors and experimenting with MSRs.  I just don't hold out a lot of hope that Solar is going to be the end all, be all.
Even selling isn't riskless. Sure, your house has gained value-- but unless that's due to improvements you made to it, every other house in the neighborhood you might buy has gained value too, so moving might not result in extracting any net value. This is one of the reasons I keep reminding folks that a house is not an investment. It can be a business, if you're renting it out. But if you're occupying it, it is simply housing. If you are lucky you'll make a profit if and when you sell it, but don't count on that.  It does store value, but except for taking loans against that it's had to access that value. And lower loan rates than you'd otherwise pay are not a huge value when you'd save more if you don't borrow at all. The only use I'm making of my house's value is that by taking a very-low-rate mortgage when I could have paid cash I was able to leave more money in my investments -- arguably the safest leveraged investment possible.
Part of his responsibilities being on the board is to have judgment when it comes to selecting good leaders. He failed precisely for this reason.  Unless you think Trump is a good leader, in which case we really don't have anything to discuss.
The other side of this is that businesses can (and do) negotiate to have ratings/reviews removed or altered by the poster.   So the idea that what you're seeing is anything like a real sample of customer sentiment is a fantasy. No negative reviews? Might just mean the business owner actively manages their reputation. Ugly 1-star reviews? May just be an extortion attempt in progress. Want a refund? Just write a horrible review on Yelp, perhaps the business owner will pay to have it removed.
You can buy an Amazon gift card for use later.
1) People aren't always going to be able to do their occupation, or their desired hobby. 2) Government assistance, or whatever you want to call it, is available at a certain age. Some people look forward to this and plan to rely on it, but it isn't really sufficient for living off of and keeping the standard of living you will be used to. Therefore, such situations require you to plan using a variety of other institutions to help you in that time. Finally, more is more: if your retirement funds exceed what you need, you can leave something for your family to help them start at a more stable financial place after you are gone.
I been waiting for this since i was 8 yrs old looking out the window at this parking lot as big as a walmart.   Wondering how they can afford all that overhead while not selling toys? If only they didn't suck at making u feel bad for having parents unable to provide ua $100 toy
It depends on you. If you're not an aggressive shopper and travel , you'll recoup your membership fee in hotel savings with one or two stays. Hilton brands, for example, give you a 10% discount. AARP discounts can sometimes be combined with other offers as well. From an insurance point of view, you should always shop around, but sometimes group plans like AARP's have underwriting standards that work to your advantage.
I'm not pro-union not because of a conservative talking point, but because I think workers should have the choice as to whether they want to join or not.  Most unions are compulsory, not voluntary.  When I worked for Kroger as a summer job, I was forced to join the UFCW (United Food and Commercial Workers).  A part of my meager hourly wage was required to be given to them, yet I did not want to be a member because I would never receive the benefits.  You had to be working for 6 months to be accepted into the union, yet you were forced to pay dues the first minute you began working.
While you're right overall, in this particular case they were issuing the C&amp;D for the use of Mcgregor's trademarks to sell merchandise. The website admitted to using his photos/likeness and his name. So at the very least they should have claim to all sales up to that point, and can try to get a piece of future sales claiming that the initial violations set it all in motion (would probably lose that).    Disclaimer: Im not a lawyer, but I play one on the internet.
"The lady said there wasn't any warning signs, uh hello they sent you $2850 and asked you to then make deposits. I would of just kept it if somebody sent me a ""check"". That's way to trusting for a new survey job."
&gt; Queue the increased prices at the grocery store  Nope, we will eat the rise in cost. Grocery stores are in an all war of attrition and the ones who don't keep prices low are going to lose all their customers.      Really the only thing going up in cost lately that saw a retail raise was Asparagus, but that was due to rain.
"As long as you're willing to pay the taxes and the penalties, once you're no longer employed you're allowed to do whatever you want. You can always do an ""direct roll-over"" (See IRC Sec. 401(a)(31)(A) which mandates this) and then withdraw from another qualified account, thus creating a withdrawal, if they refuse to just mail you a check (Why would they care? Don't know). The match may have some vesting restrictions, though. Your own contributions - are yours to do with whatever you feel like. That said, just pointing out the obvious - it's a very bad idea. Unless you expect to die before you're 60 and don't want to leave a dime to your heirs, you would probably be better off leaving it in a tax-sheltered account. If the custodian is bad - just roll over elsewhere, there's tons of excellent IRA providers."
There's a ton of great advice here.  It's very challenging to come up with something that hasn't already been suggested.  I'm curious to know how many years you have left to pay down the mortgage at the regular rate of payment.  If it's more than 15 years, it might be worthwhile to consider refinancing your mortgage to a shorter term (15 years or even 10 years if your income supports it).  Rates on fixed-interest mortgages at those terms are down in the 3% range and lower (at least according to bankrate.com).  Refinancing to a shorter term would be another way of paying off your home faster (with fewer of those dollars going toward interest payments). If you've got fewer than 15 years left to pay off your mortgage, following any of the other advice you've received here should keep you in great financial shape.
Diversifying is the first advice given to beginner in order to avoid big loss. For example in 2014 the company Theranos was really appealing before it fail in 2016. So a beginner could have invest ALL his money and lose it. But if he has deverified he wouldn't lost everything. As an investor goes from beginner to experience some still Diversify and other concentrate. Mostly it depends how much confident you are about an investement. If you have 20 years of experience, now everything about the company and you are sure there will be profit you can concentrate. If you are not 100% sure there will be a profit, it is better to Diversify. Diversifying can also be profitating when you loose money: because you will pay tax when you earn money, if you diversify you can choose to loose money in some stock (usually in december) and in this way cut your taxes.
Vale Do Lobo is a premier resort located in Algarve. It offers a comprehensive range of facilities and activities for the vacationers. There are most luxurious and a comfortable staying option then the Holiday Properties In Vale Do Lobo. There are many Villa rentals in Vale Do Lobo available at reasonable rentals offering all comforts and luxuries during the stay in Vale Do Lobo. http://simplyalgarveltd.blogspot.com/2017/05/select-suitable-villa-rentals-in-vale.html
&gt;I want a guy who has spent 20 years in such a blue-collar job to be able to earn as much as a computer programmer who only graduated a couple of years ago.  So you want low skill jobs to pay more than high skill jobs based solely on seniority. Do some research into the Italian or Spanish economy. That's pretty much what you advocate. It's a terrible idea that would probably destroy the US economy.
Spinal pain may be caused because of some reasons like disturbed or damaged nerves, tensed muscles and so on. Dr. Vyom bolia started small Physiotherapy clinic by in 2008. In healthline, we have 30 physios, yoga and professional trainers. They are giving best treatments to their patients.http://healthlineudaipur.com/gallery.php#Spine-Specialist-in-Udaipur
As I understand it, capital gains from real estate sales in India can be shielded from income tax entirely if the proceeds of the sale are invested in certain specific types of bonds (Rural Highway Contruction Authority of India?) for a period of three years beginning no later than x months (6 months?) after completion of the sale. Perhaps this applies to sales of inherited real estate only and not to commercial property or residential property acquired by purchase since there is no step-up of basis on death as occurs in the US, and in all likelihood, records of the purchase price of the inherited property are lost in the mists of time, and so the basis of the investment is effectively zero (or treated as such by the revenue authorities) The interest paid by these bonds is included in taxable income. Perhaps @Dheer will be willing to correct any mistakes in the above. So, it may be necessary to check whether (a) the interest income from the bonds was declared on Form 1040 Schedule B for each year (b) whether the appropriate boxes (the ones that ask whether the taxpayer has signature authority over foreign accounts etc) were checked on Schedule B or not, (c) whether Form TD 90-22.1 was filed each year or not (this is the FBAR requirement) Note that if the total value of the accounts is less than US $10K during the entire year, then the taxpayer is supposed to check NO on Schedule B and need not file Form TD 90-22.1.  Also, there is a separate requirement to file a Form 8938 for certain specific types of investments.  There was a two-part article describing these rules in Forbes magazine some time ago, and this is available on-line (Part 1 and  Part II) As @superjessi says, the IRS might be lenient if the only issue is not filing the forms in timely fashion, and the taxpayer is voluntarily coming into compliance even though the filing is late. They are likely to be less  forgiving if the foreign income was not reported, and still remains unreported even after filing the various forms.
"A little terminology: Grant: you get a ""gift"" with strings attached. ""Grant"" refers to the plan (legal contract) under which you get the stock options. Vesting: these are the strings attached to the grant. As long as you're employed by the company, your options will vest every quarter, proportionally. You'll become an owner of 4687 or 4688 options every quarter. Each such vest event means you'd be getting an opportunity to buy the corresponding amount of stocks at the strike price (and not the current market price which may be higher). Buying is called exercising. Exercising a nonqualified option is a taxable event, and you'll be taxed on the value of the ""gift"" you got. The value is determined by the difference between the strike price (the price at which you have the option to buy the stock) and the actual fair market value of the stock at the time of vest (based on valuations). Options that are vested are yours (depending on the grant contract, read it carefully, leaving the company may lead to forfeiture). Options that are not vested will disappear once you leave the company. Exercised options become stocks, and are yours. Qualified vs Nonqualifed - refers to the tax treatment. Nonqualified options don't have any special treatment, qualified do. 3.02M stocks issued refers to the value of the options. Consider the total valuation of the company being $302M. With $302M value and 3.02M stocks issued, each stock is worth ~$100. Now, in a year, a new investor comes in, and another 3.02M stocks are issued (if, for example, the new investor wants a 50% stake). In this case, there will be 6.04M stocks issued, for 302M value - each stock is worth $50 now. That is called dilution. Your grant is in nominal options, so in case of dilution, the value of your options will go down. Additional points: If the company is not yet public, selling the stocks may be difficult, and you may own pieces of paper that no-one else wants to buy. You will still pay taxes based on the valuations and you may end up paying for these pieces of paper out of your own pocket. In California, it is illegal to not pay salary to regular employees. Unless you're a senior executive of the company (which I doubt), you should be paid at least $9/hour per the CA minimum wages law."
This. Ivy League students are simply more likely to be given these positions of power that let people get away with bending the rules in a big way. I think the vast majority of the students have benevolent or even altruistic motives, and often get twisted by a corporate culture later in life.   Source: Harvard student. Most of us don't want to go to Wall Street anyway.
Well, you could probably say that the modern tax &amp; regulatory system is the main cause.  ...for instance, in 2001-02, the Bush tax cuts reduced the dividend tax rate from 28% to 15-20%, which is pretty substantial, at least, if you pay yourself that way from owning a company.  So, as he said, if dividend tax rates are low, then well, people will pay themselves more dividends.  Of course, there are many other factors, such as deregulation &amp; anti-trust, etc., but the dividend &amp; capital gains is a big factor.
"People seem to think that Yelp serves businesses or the public.  It doesn't.  It serves Yelpers.  Yelpers want reviews from other Yelpers – and that's it.  If you don't review things frequently on Yelp, they don't care about your opinion.  Sorry.  Nothing personal, but this website is only interested in reviews from people who use the site frequently.  You might be the most upstanding person in the world, and you might post a great review of a business, but this isn't your blog.  You're not entitled to have the world see your review here.  They only want the opinion of regular Yelpers.  If you want to be a part of the Yelp community, keep making reviews, and they'll un-filter your reviews.  There are people who say that businesses that pay Yelp get more reviews, but it's not true.  The article even states that she was paying $350/month *before* these reviews got filtered out.  The article also says a court case against Yelp was thrown out because there was no evidence showing bias.  People who claim this are just butt-hurt and want to justify their bias by claiming that Yelp is greedy and unscrupulous.  The fact of the matter is this: Yelp has a powerful community.  Business owners see Yelp as possibly affecting their business.  They want to have control over that, but they can't.  In fact, Yelp goes out of their way to prevent that.  Many business owners simply aren't mentally capable of grasping how some things work, and when things don't go their way, they get angry and make accusations.  This particular woman, who is currently taking 3 hours of ""social media classes per week"" (WTF), thinks “there maybe needs to be some rules on the net that aren’t there now.”  No offense lady, but you probably shouldn't be writing internet laws until you're done with your ""internet for dummies"" classes.  You might think that this is not a good model for a review website.  If so, don't use it.  It's not a government institution and you're not obligated to use it.  Go find another review site.  Better yet, if you think Yelp is so horrible, go make your own review website that allows anyone to review things.  I'm sure it will be great and everyone will love it.  Whatever you choose, stop trying to ruin Yelp.  The people who use it like the way the it is and don't want some butt-hurt non-users fucking it up."
Shhh, all of these lists are stupid bullshit so that executives can pretend that the issues aren't related to wages, benefits, time off, unpaid overtime, but instead the issue is to look at your employees like a bunch of whiny teenagers that just need some direction and a slap on the back once in a while.
Investopedia defines it in the following way: It's essentially a market order that doesn't get entered until the last minute (or thereabouts) of trading. With this type of order you are not necessarily guaranteed the closing price but usually something very similar, depending on the liquidity in the market and bid-ask for the security in question. Traders who believe that a security or market will move more heavily during the last few minutes of trading will often place such an order in the hopes of having their order filled at a more desirable price.
I've learned that it's now much more expensive to buy so early.  We're looking at the eastern caribbean for our anniversary in November, been pricing for two months and they keep going down.  I check everyday and the day I see them go up again is the day I will buy.
"WF has trust in certain customers.  I doubt that they will lose that trust by lowering prices, and they will probably gain other customers as well.  The thing you should probably do before making your judgements is to realize that the CEO of Amazon is probably a pretty smart person and he has access to information that you don't.  So maybe you should lean on the side of ""Wait and See"" before making any judgements to a certain move."
"There are a few sites out there that can give you some reasoning behind the request. LegalZoom, for instance.  To quote the LZ doc in case the link dies: Employee vs. Independent Contractor If a worker is an employee, the employer is responsible for paying   Social Security, unemployment insurance, Medicare, and possibly other   costs like workers' compensation insurance for the employee; at the   end of the tax year, the employer is responsible for compiling all   necessary payroll reports, including W-2 forms. If a worker is an independent contractor, the employer is not   responsible for any of the above taxes or payments, and the only added   paperwork is the issuing of a 1099 to the independent contractor at   the end of the tax year, if he or she has made more than $600 with the   employer. As Kent suggested, you should speak with an attorney (really you need one if setting up an LLC). There are a lot of companies out there these days that try to classify people as contractors rather than full-time employees as it gets them out of paying benefits and dealing with taxes. This is being heavily cracked down on, and several ""contractor"" employees are winning lawsuits to get full-time status.  If you are truly acting as a contractor, then setting up an LLC can help with a few items such as taxes and protection on certain business aspects (see comments below regarding this). It's easy and relatively cheap (cost me about $250 with extra legal advice tacked on). If you are reporting directly to a manager with the company, or really working in any way that isn't consistent with the definition of a contractor, then I'd turn down the offer and ask to be made a FT employee.  Additional information: https://www.sba.gov/content/hire-contractor-or-employee"
Just gotta weigh that against any perceived benefit. Regardless, I wouldn't personally use a static salt alone, because that would lower security dramatically if it was ever discovered. Creating a single rainbow table using a known static salt is much easier than 100 million with unique salts. It's a gamble whether they're dumping your database from an exploit that would give them access to that information.
Visa, Mastercard have very strong consumer protection. I have been wondering about this question for a while but never got around to asking it here: What happens if a retailer knowingly defrauds me? My guess is the first party to ask for help is Visa, Mastercard: a retailer knowingly defrauding you is unlikely to refund you any money. However, slip-ups do happen. If this is a retailer of good repute, they will not only refund you the money but send you a gift card too! Please do followup this post with what helped you in the end, but my guess is, your first (and last) line of defense would be Visa, Mastercard. Anything that would go through the bank would take such a lot of time and effort, that you would be better off writing it off.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Some people do just get shit on occasionally.  But my point was that there's only one factor in that equation you have any control over, so that's the important one to focus on.  Blaming bad luck is like blaming goblins; it might make you feel better, but it can't actually help, and may even redirect useful energies into fruitless pursuits.
NAFTA affected U.S. workers in four principal ways. First, it caused the loss of some 700,000 jobs as production moved to Mexico. Most of these losses came in California, Texas, Michigan, and other states where manufacturing is concentrated. To be sure, there were some job gains along the border in service and retail sectors resulting from increased trucking activity, but these gains are small in relation to the loses, and are in lower paying occupations. The vast majority of workers who lost jobs from NAFTA suffered a permanent loss of income.  Second, NAFTA strengthened the ability of U.S. employers to force workers to accept lower wages and benefits. As soon as NAFTA became law, corporate managers began telling their workers that their companies intended to move to Mexico unless the workers lowered the cost of their labor. In the midst of collective bargaining negotiations with unions, some companies would even start loading machinery into trucks that they said were bound for Mexico. The same threats were used to fight union organizing efforts. The message was: “If you vote in a union, we will move south of the border.” With NAFTA, corporations also could more easily blackmail local governments into giving them tax reductions and other subsidies.  Third, the destructive effect of NAFTA on the Mexican agricultural and small business sectors dislocated several million Mexican workers and their families, and was a major cause in the dramatic increase in undocumented workers flowing into the U.S. labor market. This put further downward pressure on U.S. wages, especially in the already lower paying market for less skilled labor.  Fourth, and ultimately most important, NAFTA was the template for rules of the emerging global economy, in which the benefits would flow to capital and the costs to labor. The U.S. governing class—in alliance with the financial elites of its trading partners—applied NAFTA’s principles to the World Trade Organization, to the policies of the World Bank and IMF, and to the deal under which employers of China’s huge supply of low-wage workers were allowed access to U.S. markets in exchange for allowing American multinational corporations the right to invest there.  Please thank Bill Clinton.
Security guards usually come in handy for safeguarding a commercial or residential mansion or simply managing the crowd at a private or corporate event. Robuck Security can provide security guards in Melbourne for short-term as well as long-term requirements. Our security guards are trained in their duties to perform mobile patrolling, taking up concierge desk or customer service and much more. Give us a call to hire our diligent security guards right away!
Had a conversation 2 days ago about a centralized bank for bitcoin. He said it would defeat the purpose of the coin, however I argued as it becomes more mainstream, people will want the security that's added by a mediating entity.
There is another factor to consider when refinancing is the remaining term left on your loan.  If you have 20 years left, and you re-fi into another 30 year loan that extends the length that you will be paying off the house for another 10 years.  You are probably better off going with 20, or even 15.  If this is a new loan, that is less of an issue, although if you moving and buying a house in a similar price range it is still something to consider.  My goal is to have my house paid off before I retire (hopefully early semi-retirement around 55).
You keep addressing irrelevant points. You're advocating an incompetent business with an inefficient model to continue running just to keep people employed. You're further assuming that they'll stay unemployed and no other, more efficient firm will capitalize on the niche that opened up with sears' passing.   Don't let emotions stomp on logic.
"&gt; It's only deceptive if you literally don't think about it at all.  That's literally what the intent is in the aggregate. most people don't think of the task at hand when they are doing menial tasks like buying food.   &gt; Obviously a chicken meatball isn't 100% chicken. Then it would just be ground chicken.  I disagree that it's all that obvious to most people how a meatball is made. I know because I also know how to cook but a lot of people don't know that. The usage of ""made with 100% chicken"" is absolutely a lie by omission. what else would it be made from if it's made from chicken? If it's not 100% or near 100% chicken there should not be labeled 100%... you should be able to say ""made with real chicken"" or ""contains real chicken"" or something like that but not put a label with 100% on it because that is just 100% there to mislead."
You can take a queue from any sales opportunity and position it in ways that will still appeal to someone who intends to continue working perpetually. Here are some of the points I would make: 401k matching funds are free money that you will have access to in ~20 years whether you retire or not. Long-term savings that grow in the stock market turn into residual income that will add to your standard of living whether you retire or not. There are tax advantages to deferring income if you are in a high tax bracket now. You will have flexibility to withdraw that money in future years where you might have lower earnings. (For example, in a future year, you could take a sabbatical trip to Europe for a few months without pay and draw on your savings during that time that you are not making money.) Even if you don't invest in a 401k, you and max out HSA accounts if you are eligible, and position that as money for medical expenses. If you never have medical reasons to spend that money, you can still withdraw at retirement age like a 401k or IRA. (Though it gets taxed as income if not used for qualified medical purposes at retirement time.) With an unwilling partner, it's difficult to make a lot of progress, but if you have matching funds from your employer, do make sure that you are getting at least those for yourself. Ultimately if he doesn't want to save for himself, you should for yourself. There are no guarantees in life. If he dies or leaves, you must be prepared to take care of your own needs.
getting experience is still my first goal, but i've already been turned down for some jobs that i would have never dreamed of not being qualified for, so even getting anything to put on my resume is a challenge right now.  i never did any internships in college.  if i find a mr. goodyogurt i'll smack him in his one-upping head.
&gt;It wasn't worth the 5 bucks, for me. I got bored about 1/3 of the way through, although most everyone else seems to have really enjoyed it. &gt; &gt;... I also haven't mentioned whether or not I enjoyed any of his other material, essentially whether or not I'm a fan.  FTFY.
"Oh look, the cockroaches have crawled out of the gutter to wage financial war.  Lets just refresh our memories, are you not the fucking assholes who were rating every piece of shit the banks produced AAA, along side the banks you were the core architects of the Global financial crisis and proved unable to rate even a dead cow, if memory serves. And when asked what the fuck you were smoking your answer was  ""We did not know""  The fundamental reason for your existence was to know  And inspite of that, the Junk Toxic shit the Fed bought was still rated AAA by you so the Fed paid Top Taxpayer dollar for worthless shit.   Yet here you are . . passing sovereign ratings . .well ok  The fastest growing debt for China is US treasuries . . .so that would mean US debt is bad and the Orange orangutan is going to, as predicted, Default.  I think your time would be better served, evaluating the assets the Fed is going to unwind in October  . . .That is US $ 4.5 Trillion of cow shit you help create, how about you get to work and tell us whats what before the only thing America's food stamps can buy is Radio active grass."
Also you would need to consider any taxation issues. As he will be paying you rent you will need to include this as income, plus any capital gains tax on the re-sale of the property may need to be paid.
The value of a company is, simplified, the sum of the value of the equity and the value of the debt. There are some other things to add/subtract to that, but just think about those for now.  You could also say the value of a company is the value of its assets, or more precisely the value of the net cash flows those assets will generate in the future.  So let's say you want to start a company, so you want to buy some assets. Maybe you want to buy a $200 asset. Well, you only have $100, so you take out a loan (debt) for $100 for the remainder. You buy the asset and start generating income.  Let's say after a month you get bored and decide to sell the company. Let's assume the value of the assets hasn't changed. Your equity is worth $100, and you find a buyer who is willing to pay $100 for your company. Great! Right?  Well there's still the $100 loan you owe, so you have to pay that back. And suddenly you now have $0.   So in fact, you should have negotiated $200 with the buyer, because that's what the assets are actually worth. Then you can pay back the loan and still have the $100 in equity you deserve. (Alternatively, you could have negotiated the buyer to assume responsibility for the loan; same outcome for you.)  Did that help?
Fact check: not true.  Their **median** net worth dropped 39 percent from 2007 to 2010 while their **mean** net worth, which is what the title of this post implies, went down 14.7 percent over the same period.  Other things worth noting: the 2007 net worth values were adjusted for inflation using the Consumer Price Index (CPI-U-RS) and were based on the interviews of 6492 families in 2010 and 4421 in 2007.   Here's the [source article from the Fed [PDF Warning]](http://www.federalreserve.gov/pubs/bulletin/2012/PDF/scf12.pdf).
&gt; You need a new TV since your old one broke, and you already know Walmart's grocery prices are the best, so you figure their TV prices are the best, and you buy a TV at Walmart. ...  &gt; ...but when you rely on Amazon  Solution, diversify where you buy your consumer goods. Don't shop by bare minimum price, shop by which retailers you want to support. If you can't afford something except at walmart, you probably can't afford it in general. Nobody is pricing necessities out of affordability. Nobody *needs* a television  &gt; They already own your attention and buying interests, and it's no big deal to you, the consumer, because you'd rather a one-stop-shop for your goods than have choices.  don't assume people are as passive in their purchasing decisions as you appear to be. No retailer or for-profit business should be blindly patronized. I regularly pay more for things, to get them sourced, manufactured, or sold in a way that lines up with my beliefs. Sometimes I just won't buy something I'm in the market for.  That's putting your money where your mouth is, and money is the only language these large retailers speak.
My girlfriend works at the honest company and Jessica, like another used stated, is there quite regularly. The office space is an entirely open environment with Jessica's desk being in the middle of one large area. I visited the office last week for a company event and was very impressed with not only the layout of the office but the aesthetics and interior design work. Jessica was at this event and like all the founders, seemed very enthusiastic about the company they are running. I predict big things for The Honest Company.
"Institutional investors are the ""elephant"" in the room. When they ""sneeze,"" everyone else ""catches cold."" They're fine, if they're buying after YOU do. They're not bad, if you want to buy after they sell en masse. But when you read about moves of 10 percent, 15 percent or more in a single day, it's because a bunch of institutional investors all decided to do the same thing on the same day.  That's more volatility than most people can stomach. Fewer institutional investors in a stock mean fewer chances of those things happening."
This website is dedicated to shitting on him, justified or not.      The politics subs will upvote anything as long as it talks trash about the guy, including defensible decisions and stuff thats just made up whole-cloth.   There are multiple subs dedicated solely to trying to find dirt on him.   At some point he turned into reddits white whale.   No real dirt so theyve settled for a steady drumbeat of negative op-eds as a substitute.   Sorry you missed the pattern but it looks like you fell for it.   And in the process you sacrified both credibilty and anyones obligation to take your claims without evidence.     Since your grand contribution to this thread seems to be lashing out at people and insulting them in lieu of any kind of reasoning, its especially dubious that anyone should take what you say seriously.
Yes. The most complicated software most bankers use is Excel. From my limited perspective, success in banking is a function of who you know and how big you can convince everyone else your dick is. Breaking in is the hardest part, but once you're there you won't get kicked out for not being smart enough if you play the game.  You should know accounting really well, also.
Here is a less scientific view of why there is a focus on credit utilization, it is the easiest to control by doing something. The focus on utilization is coming from the people asking the questions regarding how to improve their score, some even have an obsession with trying to wring a few more points even though they have no immediate need for a loan.  Look at the other factors: That means that for 70% the best advice is either wait for your history to get longer, don't open a new line, or don't close an old line. Therefore the only thing they control is to get their utilization score down. If they pay off balance that saves them interest, if they ask for or are award an increase in credit line that also brings down their utilization number. If it is the easiest to improve, it will garner a greater focus from consumers, therefore it seems that the credit industry focuses on it. In reality each consumer has to look at their situation to see which part of their overall score they need to focus on.
I think you should set up a shadow site and do shadow sales if possible first before you spend money on inventory. That way you can quantify anticipated demand for your product in a testing period. What are the lead times for your product? It maybe possible to fulfill orders if you get over 100 sales in a short period of time
The [Metronome team](http://metronomepartners.com/our-team/) is largely comprised of professionals with considerable prior experience at [large middle-market investment banks](http://www.deepblueadvisory.com/). We enjoy working closely with clients and endorse a high-touch, client-centric operating model, the hallmark of Metronome’s practice. We immerse ourselves in our client’s enterprise and strive to address all client objectives while maximizing shareholder value. We are fully committed. Our team is our client’s team and our client’s goals are our goals.
I agree! Definitely not a black and white situation and there's a lot of factors.  Maintenance really isn't that big of a deal if it's done correctly. I've never had to replace an engine or transmission on a car younger than 40 or 50 years old. My 88 Chevy Blazer is still going strong and my girlfiends 56 oldsmobile still has original engine and tranny, not rebuilt.  I'd like to own a Tesla once it's feasible to drive 500+ miles at a time like a normal car.
This depends on what the alternative is. Your loan of .99% is very favorable rate. If you have the 15,000 right now but only hold it in your checking account or cash then you might as well just pay it all off(assuming you have an adequate emergency fund). Paying the debt off sooner will save you on interest. Currently if you pay the minimum you will pay a total of $15,230 by the end of the loan, a $230 premium to $15,000. - Math credit goes to  Joe If you have an investment vehicle you feel can successfully yield more then .99%, you might want to consider investing that money instead, while paying the minimum on your car loan. Also be sure to check the .99% is not an introductory rate which increases later on. It comes down to whether you can get a better return then .99% investing that money or whether you rather just pay off the debt and not worry about it. If you don't want to bother investing the money, than just pay it off... I also assumed you have no other revolving debt with a higher APR. If you do, first pay off the higher APR debt.
Don't forget job. That's one of the things people in the lower classes lost. I was trying to figure out why there weren't mass firings at trading and accounting firms until the numbers started popping up. They had basically just liquidated what they had, bought at lower numbers, and are now reaping the profits.  Too bad most people earning under $250k a year can't do that.
For people who frequently submit payments via PayPal, you may want to try and negotiate with them to use Paypal mass payments.  Although the mass payment program is designed to send small amounts to many people, you can process payment batches of 1 transaction. In the CA mass payment fees (paid by sender) are 2% capped at 1.25 CAD To CA and US.  International payments are 2% capped at 24.00 CAD.  No fees for receiver.  A business PayPal account is required to enable mass payments. When I mention this to customers, many are unaware Paypal's mass payment program exists! https://merchant.paypal.com/ca/cgi-bin/?cmd=_render-content&content_ID=merchant/mass_pay
I don't have a link handy but the data analysis at target is way more impressive than this. Apparently they can tell when you've become pregnant, AND learned that sending uncouched baby supply ads makes people freak out (so they couch them).
"You have absolutely no concept of a business plan if you think 30-50 pages is going to be read. I have to agree with the guy you called an idiot, this whole thing is a pipe dream and your idea has either been done and failed or you haven't done the research to see that it's already a thing. Your friend has no concept of what a patent is and you have no idea how businesses are run if you're ""rough estimate"" is 2-3 *million dollars*. I have a feeling you have no concept of the value of a million dollars to begin with. Scrap this bullshit idea, go start a lemonade stand or something and get an idea of what business is before you go spouting off shit like this. You sound like a stupid kid."
How is this bad?  Healthcare in the US is the pinnacle of crony capitalism? It's a government blank check given out by the government to insurance companies.  Not to defend Trump but your reaction is just as knee jerk as his when you defend a corrupt industry that is a utter failure.
The physician shortage is mostly from the AMA lobbying to limit training slots that are paid for by the government to keep the supply of doctors trained in the US low and wages higher.  Besides how often to US medical institutions just accept foreign medical degrees without demanding US education?
It's not clear the cost of funds is a annual or monthly rate. If it is a monthly rate the answers do not converge and you lose money assuming the customer spending is linear.   Let's assume you spent $100 a month (evenly spread out).  You generate $1.50 in interchange fees.   What's my cost of funds within that month? Subtract that from your interchange fee number. (I think calculus might be the best option for calculating this). There's your notional income off of $100, which can easily be solved for $260/year.
Well damn.. my ass is getting roasted. What I meant was when I'm dropping money to get a fast sports car, I want a stick shift with a loud engine. I don't want a sports car with paddle shifters and an engine that sounds like my aunts electric car.
I think a lot of people do not understand corporations. People talk about the 99% and the 1%, but expanding that out it comes down to investors. I'm an investor personally, the job of the company is to make as much money as possible to make my investment as valuable as possible. Also, as stated in the article,  this move could be sparked by the desire to not pay double tax, both American and Canadian. Regardless of what moving their tax money does long term, the company is acting with the investors's interests, pure and simple.
Can you please expand on the Obama bailout BAC incurred in addition to the TARP and how much BAC has outstanding. I thought the only other assistance BAC received was part of the Making Home Affordable program, but that isn't meant to be recovered. [Here's a site that tracks every bailout program] (http://projects.propublica.org/bailout/programs/6-making-home-affordable). Maybe this will help you with your claim.
I'm pretty sure his secretary pays a higher rate, not higher amount.   The argument they're following the law and if you don't like it change it really kills me. When you spend money lobbying for a change to the tax code how can you then claim you're just following the law?  It's ridiculous there are 7 tax brackets below &amp;450K yet only one above it. I know families right on that line, work closer to a million and some that blow that away. They live completely different lives and should not be paying the same top tax rate on earned income.
"I think what you really want to look into is put options. You can essentially replicate the same thing, without worrying about margin calls. Check out this site http://www.fundamentalfinance.com/options/options-basic-charts.php a quick glance seems to show it to be pretty good.  The way you would limit downside risk is to buy a put option, allowing you to sell anytime within the next n months for the current price (assuming american). This will allow you to limit downside risk, however, potential profits do go down due to fees as another answer suggests this could be cost prohibitive. This type of strategy is also known as a ""protective put"". http://www.optionseducation.org/strategies_advanced_concepts/strategies/protective_put.html If you wanted to be more refined you could use Ak's bands, although you have to be looking for that specific outcome. Also due to complexity, this can become a taxing (in terms of time invested) and risky (if you are wrong) investment. Either way I think you need to study payoff curves a little more."
I believe that it's not possible for the public to know what shares are being exchanged as shorts because broker-dealers (not the exchanges) handle the shorting arrangements.  I don't think exchanges can even tell the difference between a person selling a share that belongs to her vs. a share that she's just borrowing.  (There are SEC regulations requiring some traders to declare that trades are shorts, but (a) I don't think this applies to all traders, (b) it only applies to the sells, and (c) this information isn't public.) That being said, you can view the short interest in a symbol using any of a number of tools, such as Nasdaq's here.  This is often cited as an indicator similar to what you proposed, though I don't know how helpful it would be from an intra-day perspective.
Now you can reach up to 10,000 attendees for webinars or very large meetings. You can also dial out directly to a landline to invite someone on the fly. It is time to share content and video in real time with Skype for Business. Get it now!
Using inside sensitive information about corporate and using the same to deal in securities, before the exchanges are made aware of the information. Its mostly used in derivatives to get maximum returns on investmens, but Its illegal in all the exchanges
the baby boomers do realize that they are the only generation on this planet that has the idea of retirement right? nobody before them even know about retirement, and nobody after them will ever hear of retirement again. retirement is a concept made up completely by the baby boomer generation, and then feeling entitled to it
&gt; The demand for fiat currencies comes from the fact they are necessary to pay taxes  Only because the collective population has decided that the fiat currency has value. Taxes are not handed down by some benevolent leader, it is you and I deciding that we can do better things if we pool a portion of our wealth together.  Let's say we want to build a road between our homes to improve the act of visiting each other. We decide to share the cost of building the road. I throw in 10 chicken, and you toss in 100 seashells. We work our way over to our road-building friend's place. We give him our offering in exchange for building the road.   He doesn't like seashells, but he is willing to take 20 chickens in exchange for building the road. But now we are 10 chickens short from reaching our goal of having a new road between our homes. We decide to implement a strict agreement that all future pooling of wealth needs to be done with chickens. Seashells are not acceptable.  And now we have a tax paid by a mutually agreed upon exchange medium. It works because everyone agrees that chickens have value. If everyone suddenly became vegetarian and saw chickens as having no value, our tax pool would become worthless. The fact that our tax is paid for in chickens does not mean that chickens will forever have value.
It means one has to provide documents to estabilsh the source of funds. This is to detect any money laundering. For example an salaried individual suddenly transacting for 1 Million, the bank would ask for proof of funds.    Its possible that the individual has his own funds because of inheretance or a handsome bonus received etc or a it could be he is helping route some illegal money that is not his. There are regulations that state for what kind of transaction Proof of Funds are required.
"I think that you're missing one significant point: NFC is not only used for payments. It's a general protocol (""Near-Field Communication"") that is supposed to provide easy connectivity between adjacent devices. As such, built-in encryption/security are counter-productive the same way as built-in encryption/security are counter-productive in IP: you're forcing something from a higher layer on a lower layer. Applications that use NFC but don't need this extra security will pay unnecessary penalty. Here come providers like Apple Pay, Android Pay, Samsung Pay and others. They provide applications that use NFC for specific purpose. And they provide the security needed for that purpose. Banks are welcome to introduce their own applications, but they lack the client base to make it wide enough spread for POS providers to include it. Visa/Mastercard have their own ""near-field"" solutions already that are embedded in cards themselves, and are not necessarily interested in competing with software giants like Apple or Google in their fields. Phone manufacturers also lack the wide enough client base (with the exception of Samsung, which is very popular and as the result is able to pull off its own payment system - I think they're partnered with Visa)."
First, many banks do not keep the loan. Even if they send you a payment notice and process the monthly payment, there's still a good chance the loan itself was packed up and sold to investors. Collateralizing mortgages, in and of itself, is not inherently dangerous. But the loan definitely needs a house behind it. If you found a bank that keeps its loans, it would be a tough sell. You'd be asking them to trust that you've chosen the right number to match up with the house you intend to buy. And then they'd need to have another round of processing to turn this into a loan with normal collateral (i.e. put a lien on the house and tie them together.)
It's too poorly designed. The fact that it forces deflation in the long run means that it can never really serve the purpose of money. That is, it can never be a universal medium of exchange. Then there's the fact that it has proven insecure, because it can be robbed. And it has proven to be primarily an object of speculation rather than exchange, means that the value of bitcoin relative to other moneys is too volatile.
"This is an unfortunate situation for you.  You have zero chance at your question number 1, if someone was going to bend this rule for you it would have happened already.  The answer to question number 2 is pursue solution number 3. The overriding issue is that the IRS makes these rules, not the employer/plan sponsor or the administrator.  You can't talk the plan administrator in to reimbursing you, their system likely doesn't even have a function to do so. FSA timing issues can be complex and I think that's the root of your issue because when an expense can be incurred (date of service versus date of payment) and when a claim must be filed are different things. It's really common to bend the rules on when a claim is submitted, but not when it was incurred.   It's really common for an exiting employee to have 30 days to submit expenses for reimbursement.  FSA expenses must always be incurred within the specified plan year, or within your dates of employment if you weren't employed for the entire plan year, this is specified by the IRS.  It seems like some wires were crossed when you asked this question.  You were asking ""can I still incur claims"" and they were hearing ""how long do I have to submit an expense that has already been incurred."" Some plans allow COBRA continuation on FSA which generally does not make sense.  Your contributions to the plan would use after tax dollars but for folks who know they have an eligible expense coming it can make sense to continue via COBRA in retain your eligibility under the plan so you can incur a claim after your employment termination. Regarding number 3.  This sort of reimbursement would be outside the plan, no precedent is necessary.  You've gotten them to claim it was their mistake, they're going to reimburse you for their mistake, it has nothing to do with the FSA. Good luck."
See an advisor but with a healthy level of skepticism. Question why they make the recommendations they do.  If you have debt, no the interest rate.  If CAGR &gt; interest, invest instead of immediately paying off debt.  In reality, invest the most you can.   You're young and try to live your life like you would've without the inheritance.  The longer you let that money grow in an investment untouched (and honestly that amount of money is a huge gift/surprise at your age) the more you'll thank yourself in the end.  Max out a Roth IRA - your advisor can explain that to you.  Also, you can afford to invest super aggressively since you're so young.  You could also find a variable life insurance contract to act like a Roth and grow a death benefit to continue leaving a legacy in your family line.  Sorry for the advisory vomit.  I'm sorry for the loss that led to this inheritance, but that's a great opportunity and there are a ton of options and none of them are wrong.  Best of luck!
My preferred method of doing this is to get a bank draft from the US in Euros and then pay it into the French bank (my countries are Canada and UK, but the principle is the same). The cost of the bank draft is about $8, so very little more than the ATM method. If you use bigger amounts it can be less overall cost. The disadvantage is that a bank draft takes a week or so to write and a few days to clear. So you would have to plan ahead. I would keep enough money in the French account for one visit, and top it up with a new bank draft every visit or two.
If there's one activist you don't go to war with, it's Paul Singer. He mailed thousands of mini video players to retail investors of Arconic this spring to get them to swing the vote, putting in 4 new dissenting board members.
As a LED Programmable Sign manufacturer, Mega Sign is able to customize the LED Programmable Signs to fit the customer's needs. Small or Big, Short or Tall, Mega Sign   can customize an LED sign to fit your space. It can provide you with complete solution of Outdoor LED signs, LED message board, Message signs; Billboard LED sign for   Commercial, Community Services and Price Boards.
Yes, if their record keeping is faulty or failed. It is best to keep all records of repayment.  Incomplete records such as signing for a loan yet no repayment receipt can be at least a headache and at most expensive. The most important document is a record of 0 balance then there is nothing that the courts will allow creditors to collect if their records are faulty.
A Credit Default Swap is a derivative, a financial contract with a value dependent upon another asset. A CDS, in essence, is exactly what it sounds like a swap upon default. The typical arrangement is that a holder of non-risk free credit enters into an arrangement with a counterparty to pay the counterparty a portion of the income received from the non-risk free credit in exchange for being able to force the counterparty to deliver risk free credit if the non-risk free credit defaults. Banks use this mechanism to reduce the risk of the loans they produce while packaging them to be resold to investors.  Banks will typically buy CDSes on mortgages and corporate bonds, paying part of the income from interest payments received, to have the right to force counterparties, typically hedge funds and insurance companies, to swap national Treasuries upon the event that the mortgages or corporates default.  The banks receive less income yet are able to take on more inventory to sell to investors so that more loans can be made to borrowers, households and corporations. Hedge funds typically take on more complex arrangements while insurance companies sell CDSes because they are usually overflowing with risk-free assets yet are starved for income.
If you're getting the same total amount of money every year, then the main issue is psychological. I mean, you may find it easier to manage your money if you get it on one schedule rather than another. It's generally better to get money sooner rather than later. If you can deposit it into an account that pays interest or invest it between now and when you need it, then you'll come out ahead. But realistically, if we're talking about getting money a few days or a week or two sooner, that's not going to make much difference. If you get a paycheck just before the end of the year versus just after the end of the year, there will be tax implications. If the paycheck is delayed until January, then you don't have to pay taxes on it this year. Of course you'll have to pay the taxes next year, so that could be another case of sooner vs later. But it can also change your total taxes, because, in the US and I think many other countries, taxes are not a flat percentage, but the more you make, the higher the tax rate. So if you can move income to a year when you have less total income, that can lower your total taxes. But really, the main issue would be how it affects your budgeting. Others have discussed this so I won't repeat.
Call me old fashioned, but that sounds less like a marriage and more like a business partnership. Maybe there are business tools that would be useful.
I've always been a proponent that being laid off or fired is the best thing that can happen to an individual. It's very painful and scary in the short term, but the long term results in a much better life and level of happiness. I've seen it in friends, read it in articles, and experienced it personally. This hurts today - but they're going to attain a new level of happiness and reward.
I was looking for a good VPN service to protect my digital stuff and came across this site. I was amazed at the amount of information packed into each of his posts. I found the VPN information I needed and more! I recommend this website to anyone looking for some tips on how to better manage their digital life.
"The simple answer is...get everything you can.  If you're closing the account then you want to have as complete a record as possible for yourself just for the sake of playing it safe.  There's no such thing as having ""too much information"" when it comes to your financial records. You can never tell when something will come up that requires information from years past that you thought you'd never need, and if you don't have it, then what? This is a matter of being prudent, and while it make take some effort to obtain the records, it's better to be safe than sorry. Good luck!"
There are some important thing you need to understand about bonds, and how they work:  * A bond doesn't need an active market - like a stock, for example - to have value.    * Nonetheless, there exist active markets for all of these bonds.    * The purpose of buying these bonds was not to step in due to the absence of a market.  Rather, the purpose was to deliberately bid up the price of these bonds (ahead of the market), causing their price to rise and yields (interest rates) to drop.  * The Fed can hold any and all of these bonds to maturity, while receiving contractual payments all the while, and never sell a single bond back to the market.
To answer your question 2, I can't think of any advantage of using your SSN over an EIN, but there are some advantages to having an EIN as a sole proprietor. So depending on the answer to question 1, you may want to consider either keeping your existing EIN or getting a new one, even if you are allowed to use your SSN instead.
Didn't read the article, did you?  &gt; The decision comes as car sales continue to fall in the U.S. and as uncertainty grows over the automotive industry in Mexico with negotiations set be begin later this year on restructuring the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Unsolicited credit checks like that don't affect your credit score. Those checks only count if they result from you applying for credit somewhere. So No.
The technical answer is defined by the laws of state you live in but most (all?) states with a sales tax have some form of use tax. Where if you buy something in another state for use in your home state you are technically liable for sales tax on it regardless of whether the merchant charged you tax on it or not. I don't think many people actually pay the use taxes, and enforcement generally seems rare.
&gt; General Sales: Virginia - 4.3%; Fairfax County - 1%; plus an additional 0.7% state tax for transportation.   At most they'd have to charge the additional 1%, and I'm pretty sure taxes don't work that way.  Either you're wrong or your restaurants are defrauding you with fake taxes. Or your local government is failing to put the actual tax rates on their websites.
They aren't complaining that it's better, and I haven't (yet) heard any comparisons of the two tools.  They're complaining that Google's product is similar.  No need to say things are better just because it's Google, I'm a Google fan myself, but deluded fanboy-ism doesn't look good on anyone.
"&gt;&gt;Have enough funds to run the business and pay yourself the first year, plus 30%  &gt;This is going to vary wildly depending on the particular business. So much so that a rule of thumb would be impossible to define.  Absolutely.  One of the things that varies ""widely"" is what amount constitutes the **""pay yourself the first year""** -- which will fall anywhere on a wide spectrum from the low end that is essentially below poverty level (someone young, used to living as we used\* to say ""like a college student"" -- needing only enough to cover a minimal ""survival"") to someone who has ridiculously extravagant needs (married with a family, McMansion mortgage and multiple ""new"" status vehicles, etc) that they expect to maintain -- and then the additional 30% grows in proportion *on top* of that subjective base figure.  \* I wrote ""used to say"" because we are talking about *back in the day* when ""living like a college student"" meant minimalist ""bare-bones"" needs, akin to a monastic/ascetic life: a shared small dorm/boarding house room with minimal furniture, NO partying, ZERO ""amenities"" (certainly no water parks with ""lazy rivers"", no ""food courts"", etc -- nothing like most US colleges and universities have today)."
For me, spending my spare time on my career offers better return on investment (time) than stock investing, so I don't have the time to try to craft strategies about stock confusion anyway. It just serves as further proof to me that trying to time the market on short time scales is doomed unless you can account for all the irrationality of human behavior.
"http://online.wsj.com/public/resources/documents/goldman0424.pdf ""At the heart of Goldman Sachs‘ sales and trading business is our role as a ―market maker.‖  As a  market maker, the firm stands ready, willing and able to buy and sell financial instruments at the  initiation of our clients.  Goldman Sachs‘ clients expect the firm to do so, regardless of whether  the other side of a transaction has been identified or is readily available. """
"With Hooters the difference is your business is based around the concept of having large breasted woman as your waitresses.  Title 29, Chapter 14, Section 623 of the United States Code  allows companies and other employers to make particular qualifications a condition of employment, even ones that violate other sections of the anti-discrimination law, in situations: ""...bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of the particular business...""  In one case your buisness is saying ""we have large breasted woman selling bad food"" and the other one is just ""we sell light bulbs"""
"If I don't need this money for decades, meaning I can ride out periodical market crashes, why would I invest in bonds instead of funds that track broad stock market indexes? You wouldn't.  But you can never be 100% sure that you really won't need the money for decades.  Also, even if you don't need it for decades, you can never be 100% certain that the market will not be way down at the time, decades in the future, when you do need the money.  The amount of your portfolio you allocate to bonds (relative to stocks) can be seen as a measure of your desire to guard against that uncertainty. I don't think it's accurate to say that ""the general consensus is that your portfolio should at least be 25% in bonds"".  For a young investor with high risk tolerance, many would recommend less than that.  For instance, this page from T. Rowe Price suggests no more than 10% bonds for those in their 20s or 30s. Basically you would put money into bonds rather than stocks to reduce the volatility of your portfolio.  If you care only about maximizing return and don't care about volatility, then you don't have to invest in bonds.  But you probably actually do care about volatility, even if you don't think you do.  You might not care enough to put 25% in bonds, but you might care enough to put 10% in bonds."
"&gt; How does Equifax lose sales after a breech? Unless their data has been corrupted or falsified, it's still good to sell or charge for each credit pull.  That might be true (it might not be - I don't know how flexible demand is between the 3 bureau's).  But it isn't true for most breaches.  &gt;all three are above their pre-hack prices.  Sure.  But they lost a lot of money after the breaches  &gt;I don't think the penalty should be ""death"" but considering their total assets is $10B, I don't think any fair penalty would allow the organization to survive. If they were Apple with $820B market cap, then yeah, the $70B would be a harsh and fair, but survivable penalty.  To make it ""fair"" (if there is such a thing) you'd want it to be proportional.  So if it'd be 70B for Apple, it'd be about $850MM for Equifax.  That's how you'd want it done if you want it done by operation of law (as opposed to markets and courts)."
Part of this is the flipper economy that grew out of the last housing downturn. People try to buy a house they can afford that needs some work, but flippers come swooping in, buy it in cash, do some slipshod renovations, and suddenly the house becomes out of reach for a lot of people. Builders are just as bad. Instead of making sensibly sized affordable houses, they all build 20 room McMansions.  Upper-middle class people are buying a lot of these houses, and are putting themselves in deep financial straits doing so. They are mortgaged up to the eyeballs where all it takes is a medical issue, a  job loss, or some other hiccup in their finances to cause it all to come tumbling down.  If you have money (not just a good paycheck, actual free cash on hand) all of the above works for you. But even if you have a good paycheck, if you do not have significant cash reserves you really don't have any hope of competing in this market.
When it comes down to it, long-term investments pay better than short-term ones.  If nothing else, there's less administration and less financial risk for the provider.  That's why 2, 3 or 5 year savings accounts pay better than instant access ones. Higher-risk investments pay more interest (or dividends) than low-risk ones.  They have to, or nobody would invest in them. So by locking yourself out of any long term and/or risky investments, you're stuck with a choice of low-interest short term ones. There are plenty of investment funds that you can sell at short notice if you want to.  But they are volatile, and if you cash out at the wrong time, you can get back less than you invested.  The way you lower risk is either to invest in a fund that covers a broad range of investments, or invest in several different funds.
Well, reserve requirements concern, as the name suggests, the reserves, e.g. a position on the balance sheet. The price of equity only marginally impacts the balance sheet (via positions in their own stock), not nearly strong enough to be significant. The French banks mainly had trouble with liquidity (this year we witnessed another collapse of the interbank lending market just as in 2007. watch the Libor-O/N-spread.) and solvency through deterioration of the asset side of the balance sheet.   Naturally your ability to raise additional equity is influenced by the historic return of your stock, but sharp price drops in fact can help you to raise equity, simply because your ratios improved (P/E, P/B, in fact any ratio that includes the price part) and the stock became cheaper. See UBS/Singapore GIC and GS/Warren Buffet
"The best answer here is ""maybe, but probably not"". A few quick reasons: Its not a bad idea to watch other investors especially those who can move markets but do your own research on an investment first. Your sole reason for investing should not be ""Warren did it""."
"I worked for a company a few years back that insisted all of us were ""non-supervised exempt technical workers,"" and they wanted 45 hours out of each person.  No matter to them that that was a 12.5% cut in hourly pay.  Unfortunately, they did no research and didn't bother to actually apply for any exemptions.  One of the analysts got sick of it, found another job, then turned over his timecards to the labor department.  Said company had to write him a check for $10k, as well as write smaller checks for every other person working there."
"Strangely enough, you have a wash sale, but, for the fact that you sold the shares and then more than 30 days passed, you can take the loss.  I mistakenly used the phrase ""and ended the year with no shared of the stock"" elsewhere, and was corrected, as one can sell at a loss up to 12/31, and have until the end of January to create a wash condition.  In your case, the facts in June combined with you ending the year with no shares removes any doubt, a wash sale, but one that's fully closed out.  Note - while Vicky's answer is correct, it should go on to say that once the stock is not owned for 30 days, the wash sale loss is permitted."
"Their ""worth"" is whatever someone is willing to pay to have them.  The mint presumably thinks that some people (collectors) are willing to pay at least 55$ CAD for them. Their value as currency is only 3$ CAD. Their value as precious metal/crystal is irrelevant, as its illegal to melt (without explicit permission) coins that are legal tended in Canada."
Hedge what risk?  What is your risk exposure?  I don't seem to understand what is your risk factor (is it a basket of metals), if its a non market product you can do the following:  1. Calculate correlation matrix between your basket and potential candidates (mining, etf's etc)  2. Sell the strongest correlation, however be careful as you are not only selling the rare earth prices but also the extraction margin and market risk.  3. Ideally you would find a futures contract or create some way to isolate the rare earths while cancelling out the margins (will be tough!).
Het beste kunt u oven gedroogd haardhout gebruiken voor uw kachel. Ovengedroogd brandhout heeft namelijk standaard een erg laag vochtigheidspercentage, waardoor het gegarandeerd goed en lang brand. Daarnaast geeft het dus minder vuil en rook af,waardoor uw schoorsteen langer mee gaat. Wat verder ook wel zo fijn is, is dat eventueel ongedierte en schimmels in het hout het drogen in de oven uiteraard niet overleefd. Dit is natuurlijk vooral van belang bij houtetende insecten.
"CALL prevents a cold call email, to be sure.  But if I'm looking for that email just to get the contact associated with it, so that I have someone to solicit by name when I actually call, then that's perfectly fine. Get an email any of these ways (I used 2 for a good three years at my last job) send a personalized email (which will always be completely legal, email is just like regular mail) at off hours or weekends so you get the automated response saying ""John Davis will be out of the office til Monday,  to speak with another representative of Hanson Co's marketing department please contact Sam Smith""  and your golden.  Source: worked for a charity for three years"
most of the people who lurk in money.se will probably tell you to spend as little as possible on a car, but that is a really personal decision. since you live with your parents, you can probably afford to waste a lot of money on a car. on the other hand, you already have a large income so you don't really have the normal graduate excuses for deferring student loans and retirement savings. for the sake of other people in a less comfortable position, here is a more general algorithm for making the decision:
Please expanded on your reasoning and which side you are defending (pro-DACA or anti-DACA). Allowing it to remain is a slight to legal immigrants and should have gone through Congress in the first place. That being said, to remove those here presently is far to costly of an idea to entertain, both monetarily and politically. Therefore a middle road is the route that must be taken... and that requires active, and most importantly constructive, discussion. My first comment is purposely broad for this reason. Please detail a better solution that works for all parties.
Adding to the excellent answers already given, we typically advise members to contribute as much as needed to get a full employer match in their 401K, but not more.  We then redirect any additional savings to a traditional IRA or ROTH IRA (depending on their age, income, and future plans).  Only once they've exhausted the $5000 maximum in their IRA will we look at putting more money into the 401K. The ROTH IRA is a beautiful and powerful vehicle for savings.  The only reason to consider taking money out of the ROTH is in a case of serious catastrophe.
Are you obligated to do what they ask? Probably not, with one big caveat discussed below. Your employer sent your money and their money after every paycheck to the 401K management company. Then after a while the 401K management company followed your instructions to roll it over into an IRA. Now the IRA management company has it. Pulling it out of the IRA would be very hard, and the IRA company would be required to report it to the IRS as a withdraw. Here is the caveat. If the extra funds you put in allowed you to exceed the annual contribution amount set by the law, or if it allowed you to put more than 100% of your income into the fund, then this would be an excess contribution, and you and your employer would have to resolve or face the excess contribution penalties. Though if the 401K company and HR allowed you to exceed the annual limit they have a much more complex problem with their payroll system. The bigger concern is why they want you to pull out your $27.50 and their $27.50. Unless you were hitting the maximum limit, your $27.50 could have been invested by adjusting the percentage taken out of each check.  You could have picked a percentage to reach a goal. That money is yours because you contributed it and unless you exceed the IRS set limits it is still pre-tax retirement money. The return of matching funds may be harder to calculate. The returns for 2013 were very good. Each $1.06 of matching funds each paycheck purchased a fraction of some investment. That investment went up and down, ok mostly up, if it was invested in the broad market. I guess you should be glad they aren't asking for more due to the increase in value.  It would be very hard to calculate what happened if you have moved it around since then. Which of course you did when you moved it into an IRA. If the average employee was also given a $55 gift last year, then the suggestion to the employer is that the tax complexity you and your fellow employees face would exceed the cost of the extra funds. They should chalk it up to an expensive lesson and move on.
To expand on the comment made by @NateEldredge, you're looking to take a short position.  A short position essentially functions as follows:  Here's the rub: you have unlimited loss potential.  Maybe you borrow a share and sell it at $10.  Maybe in a month you still haven't closed the position and now the share is trading at $1,000.  The share lender comes calling for their share and you have to close the position at $1,000 for a loss of $990.  Now what if it was $1,000,000 per share, etc. To avoid this unlimited loss risk, you can instead buy a put option contract.  In this situation you buy a contract that will expire at some point in the future for the right to sell a share of stock for $x.  You get to put that share on to someone else. If the underlying stock price were to instead rise above the put's exercise price, the put will expire worthless — but your loss is limited to the premium paid to acquire the put option contract. There are all sorts of advanced options trades sometimes including taking a short or long position in a security.  It's generally not advisable to undertake these sorts of trades until you're very comfortable with the mechanics of the contracts.  It's definitely not advisable to take an unhedged short position, either by borrowing someone else's share(s) to sell or selling an option (when you sell the option you take the risk), because of the unlimited loss potential described above.
Another way to do this is go to work for that company.  Companies in this situation normally offer low pay, long hours, and stock options.  Given a sufficient grant, it could be all very lucrative or worthless.   Even if you have no electronics background you might be able to work in a different capacity.  There were secretaries at various companies that became wealthy off of their stock options.
You might need to check yes... but I would check out New York's nonresident income tax requirements... My guess is yes if you meet the requirements, but I am not an expert nor do I work in the accounting or legal field. Check out New York's nonresident tax page explaination
I think we are mixing this up. If you invest using loan, and are paying the loan out of your pocket and leaving the loan in investment, then there is no way you are making more money. Had you directly invested the same money in market instead of EMI, you would end up gaining more. Take a Loan of 100000, Year Int say 5.00%. Total Interest Paid in 2 Yrs comes out to 5291   The Rate of Interest your investments need to make is 2.58%. Sounds to good to be true. But yes when you look at it other way round, this is right.  Now if you can indeed make 2.58% from your investments, check what happens if you were to invest the EMI directly and don't take the loan.  You make 7937
The thing is, capitalism doesn't care about national interests.  It just cares about making money.  This is why you can't run government like you run a business.  In business, outsourcing, firing people and making those who stay do more work, etc is all good business.
Fully paid up Shares issued in which no more money is required to be paid to the company by shareholders on the value of the shares. When a company issues shares upon incorporation or through an issuance, either initial or secondary, shareholders are required to pay a set amount for those shares. Once the company has received the full amount from shareholders, the shares become fully paid shares.  authorised share capital The number of stock units that a publicly traded company can issue as stated in its articles of incorporation, or as agreed upon by shareholder vote. Authorized share capital is often not fully used by management in order to leave room for future issuance of additional stock in case the company needs to raise capital quickly. Another reason to keep shares in the company treasury is to retain a controlling interest in the company. If so, why not just give the existing shareholders the $500 million, (and do a stock split if desired)? Stock splits, bonus issues doesn't generate any capital for the firm, which it required.
The cat mat Superstore is glad to give the absolute best online cat mat in an enormous cluster of colors and styles in both standard and hefty size cat mat. The cat mat Superstore has been a main online retailer in giving one of the most perfectly awesome choice of hefty size online cat mat in a magnificent choice of styles and hues. our gathering of hefty size cat mat is one of the absolute best and we ensure low valued cat mat with the absolute best in benefit.
Mods of /r/finance how many times are we going to see this advertisement? /u/sciencegames [won't even explain the program](https://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/6rhha4/upenn_research_finance_challenge_earn_up_to_20/dl7mn55/). This is just an ad for some grad student's project. This is the third time i've seen this thread reposted in two months. What's it going to be, 2 more times? 5 more times? Do you have some limit in mind?
Credit card companies organize types of businesses into different categories. (They charge different types of businesses different fees.) When a business first sets up their credit card processing merchant account, they need to specify the category.  Here is a list of categories that Visa uses. Grocery stores and supermarkets are category number 5411. Other types of businesses, such as the examples you provided in your question, have a different category number. American Express simply looks at the merchant category code for each of your transactions and only gives you rewards for the ones in the grocery store category. It's all automated. They likely don't have a list of every grocery store in the US, and even if they did, they would probably not provide it to the public, for proprietary reasons. If you are in doubt about whether or not a particular store is in the grocery category, you'll just have to charge it to your card and see what happens. Often, the category of transaction will be shown for each transaction on your credit card's website.
Thank you for letting me know because I didn't realize that it's been covered in this sub before.  Not everyone is a seasoned veteran of the sub so I had no idea.  I'm not sure what's wrong with posting a non-paywall link for those who don't have access to WSJ. I wasn't trying to shit on anyone or make some kind of statement or anything.  I was just offering up what I found because I think WSJ is a total ripoff and I refuse to pay for their site.  No big deal.  Anyway, sorry my post from 8 days ago annoyed you.
For a variable annuity, you need to know the underlying investments and how your returns are credited to your account. For a fixed annuity, the issuer is responsible for the commitment to provide the promised rate to you. In a sense, how they invest isn't really your concern. You should be concerned about the overall health of the company, but in general, insurance companies tend to know their business when they stick to their strengths: writing insurance on groups and producing annuity contracts.  I don't care for VAs or the fixed annuities you asked about, but I don't believe they resemble a ponzi scheme, either.
I worked for US Treasury in Computer Security. There are plenty of systems that try and spot fraudulent behavior, but it doesn't matter much.   So many of the regulations either have no teeth, or are designed to have legal loopholes to let them get away with it without breaking any laws, technically. They have vastly more resources than we did, and experts that knew how to weasel JUUUST enough to not be breaking the law, and still achieve their intended consequences. And most Senators get money from these guys to render the Treasury toothless.  And, we aren't aloud to talk about it, at all, unless they are found guilty. You can have Millions devoted to hiring people that make sure you get away with it legally, and it's still a drop in the bucket for them.
&gt;I'm going to disagree with vodkaspeed on getting a BB suit tho.   Doesn't BB also sell like 300 dollar suits?   First time I've heard of AE (allen edmonds based on your last response?) but there's a location near here so i'll check it out. Does any kind of black shoe work?
"There are obviously lots of complexities here, and there are rules against price or market manipulation that are somewhat interpretive due to the rules' inclusion of the manipulator's intent, but: Generally speaking, you can publicly promote the value of a company whose stock you own provided that you: Now, if you extol the value of a company publicly, and sell it immediately thereafter, ""pump and dump,"" the regulators might suggest that your actions imply that you didn't believe it was so wonderful, and were misleading the public to move the price.     That said, a fair retort might be that you loved it for all the reasons you said at [lower price], but thought it had run its course once it got to [higher price].   Again, if it can be demonstrated that your reason for praising it was to push the price higher, your intent may land you in hot water. This isn't legal advice or a full analysis, but if Fitty essentially declared his honest reasons for loving a stock in which he is invested, and discloses that investment, letting others know he is biased, he's probably ok, especially if he intends to hold it long term."
Insurance in India is offered by Private companies as well [ICICI, Maxbupa, SBI, Max and tons of other companies].   These are priavte companies, as Insurance sectors one has to look for long term stability, not everyone can just open an Insurance company, there are certain capital requirements. Initially the shareholding pattern was that Indian company should have a majority shareholding, any foreign company can have only 26% share's. This limit has now been extended to 49%, so while the control of the private insurance company will still be with Indian's the foreign companies can invest upto 49%. It's a economic policy decission and the outcome whether positive or negative will be known after 10 years of implemenation :) Pro's: - Brings more funds into the Insurance segment, there by bringing strength to the company - Better global practise on risk & data modelling may reduce premium for most - Innovation in product offering - More Foreign Exchange for country that is badly needed.   Con's: - The Global companies may hike premium to make more profits. - They may come up with complex products that common man will not understand and will lead to loss - They may take back money anytime as they are here for profit and not for cause.   Pension today is offered only by Government Companies. There is a move to allow private companies to offer pension. Today life insurance companies can launch Pension schemes, however on maturity the annuity amount needs to be invested into LIC to get an annuity [monthly pension].
I'd not do business under these terms. A bill of sale needs a signature, right? Your signature is your word, and your word is your bond. I wouldn't participate in such a fraud, nor would I accept this sum of cash, who knows its origins?
"The IRS gets notified when you: (Note this is not a comprehensive list) As littadv mentioned, banks are required to send a CTR for any transactions over $10,000. They also are obligated to file a SAR (Suspicious Activity Report) for transactions deemed ""suspicious"" by bank policy. These filings are primarily for law enforcement purposes. The IRS may or may not have access to this information. The IRS isn't all-seeing or all-knowing. But -- In the event of an audit, checks do provide a paper trail documenting the origins of your deposits. So if you fail to report income from an ""off the books"" job, or do not fully report self-employment income, deposit records could be used against you. You are particularly vulnerable to this if you are in a profession where ""off the books"" transactions are routine -- plumbers, auto repair, vending machines, etc. At the end of the day, give Caesar his due, and you'll have alot less to worry about."
The best strategy? Skip the loan. Find a way to invest for a low starting amount via a retirement account (such as a 401K or IRA in the United States) or non-retirement account. Use this money to buy individual stocks or funds. Every month put money from your regular income into this investment account. Then buy more stocks or sell if the conditions change based on what the market is doing, not to meet a loan payment. This helps you because if the price fluctuates you will buy more shares if the price is down; and you will buy fewer shares when the price is up. It also allows you to skip worrying about how to repay the loan. It also means that you not have to pull more money out of savings to make the final loan payments if it doesn't make as much money as you plan. Regarding your math. This is a better understanding of the money flow than the earlier question.
&gt;if the underlying economy hasn't been sufficiently capitalized, that will present juicy returns to investors.  That is not true in an era of excessive regulation at the Federal, State and local levels. Its also not true when the machinations of government have kept interest rates artificially low for thirty years, thereby causing a massive increase in household debt. Now we have a recession caused by the explosion of some of that debt. People are wary of going into more debt and they do not have the income to spend right now. In that circumstance, capital investment in productive ventures is riskier than normal. Recovery of investment is less certain and will certainly take longer.   Add to that the increasing debt of the US government. The debt can only grow so much before there is a shift in the economy and capital markets due to high inflation, capital controls or other direct government intervention in the economy. Since there is exactly ZERO possibility of addressing the US debt with the current batch of criminals in the Capitol and the White House, investors are very nervous. They need to be able to earn considerable profits to outweigh what they see as great risks.   If, on top of all that uncertainty you tell investors that if they manage to hit a home run and become profitable, that the government is going to take a bigger bite out of their profits..... well, many of them are going to say, Why bother? I can live on my savings.
Yes!  One of his best and definitely his most prescient work.  What Vonnegut describes is happening right now -- look at Facebook, roughly a ~100 billion dollar company with and about ~3500 employees.  This is definitely the trend, generating a lot of value with few employees.    What do we do about those left behind?  I'm not sure, and Vonnegut definitely didn't give us the answer.  I keep hoping that there's a few savvy entrprenuers out there who are going to figure out how to add new value by finding ways to gainfully employ the chronically unemployed.
We corporate with customer and  provide them full security. The West Palm Beach Escape Rooms are very plenty places of accommodations to choose from whether it's for business or pleasure. The  West Palm Beach Escape Rooms are known for its afternoon showers and tropical monsoon climate, we have special things to do west palm beach. It is energizing  diversions to thoughts boggling puzzle labyrinths or forager chases. It is the  best way to spend the weekend together, our  escape room team provides full security.
&gt; ...isn't this kinda good for development of new drugs?  Yes, since they make it harder to get competing products on the market, patents and FDA approval incentivize the creation of new drugs as they discourage competition.  That said, I think the idea that we need to incentivize drug R&amp;D is myth used as justification by the industry for high drug prices. Invention is a wave of small evolutionary improvements meaning that [discovery is rarely from epiphany but the next logical step after all the prerequisite technologies are in place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiple_discovery). A company's supercharged R&amp;D mainly gets them to the patent office a couple of months or years before their competition but it doesn't find drugs that were never going to be found otherwise.  For example, [dozens of groups were working on flight when the Wright Brothers succeeded](http://www.airspacemag.com/history-of-flight/who-flew-first-290750/) and if Orville and Wilber had failed, someone else would have succeeded shortly thereafter.
As well as paying 8% interest on your loan (i.e. $800/year), you're also wasting money on the car: depreciation, insurance etc. So it's worth a lot to you to get out of it. Set against that is the risk of having to borrow the $3000 you'll be taking from your emergency fund at a higher interest rate (say 30%?) for at most 6 months, which would only cost you $300-$400 even if it happens. You'll also be giving up a small amount of interest on the $3000, but at current interest rates that pretty much negligible. There is a small chance that an emergency would also cause the available credit on your credit cards to disappear, but in the short term that should be pretty unlikely. So I think the balance is overwhelmingly in favour of getting out of the loan as soon as you can.
Read your post again and look at your own reflection.  So much hatred, disdain, disgust for your fellow humans, who are just trying to get by and support their families.  Do you really believe that people have no intrinsic value save for their ability to unquestioningly labor for the profits of others?  You've built a wall between yourself and the rest of us, I hope for your sake and our sake that you find the courage to tear it down.
I think you're missing the fact that the trader bought the $40 call but wrote the $45 call -- i.e. someone else bought the $45 call from him.  That's why you have to subtract 600-100.  At expiration, the following happens: So $600 + -$100 = $500 total profit. Note: In reality he would probably use the shares he gets from the first call to satisfy the shares he owes on the second call, so the math is even simpler:
"The only problem with taxing ""unproductive land"" is that it causes people to try to make land which shouldn't be productive into something productive.  Wilderness areas not owned by the gov't get wiped out, water is wasted trying to make crops grow in poor soil, land gets overgrazed by cattle, etc.  So not all solutions are that simple."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.scmp.com/tech/enterprises/article/2113581/chinas-chance-lead-global-innovation-may-lie-5g-mobile-technology) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; China is on the cusp of recasting itself as a leading technology innovator from a mere follower in the telecommunications industry, as efforts to develop a global 5G mobile standard near the final stage.  &gt; &amp;quot;While China has the world&amp;#039;s largest mobile market by subscriber and network size, other countries have dominated mobile technology innovation,&amp;quot; said Jefferies equity analyst Edison Lee.  &gt; The international authorities overseeing the creation of a unified standard for 5G mobile technologies are expected to release its initial phase next year and the final phase in 2019, paving the way for a broad roll-out of 5G services by mobile network operators from 2020.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/73qa1f/5g_may_be_chinas_chance_to_lead_global_tech/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~220391 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **China**^#1 **technology**^#2 **mobile**^#3 **standard**^#4 **network**^#5"
"No. I glanced through the article you linked to.  It's quite lengthy, but not compelling. I'd not lose any sleep over this.  Others with far better credentials are making the opposite claim, that life is good and the Dow on its way to 20,000.   Back to this guy - StansberryResearch.com Reviews – Legit or Scam? offers a look at this company. Stansberry calls his company ""one of the largest and most recognized investment research companies in the world"" but references to his firm call it a clearinghouse for other authors newsletters.  Why would you give any more credence to his ranting than any other extreme prognostications?  I suppose if I told you I never heard of him it would be pretty meaningless. I certainly haven't heard of every financial writer. But if he's one of the most recognized, you'd think I might have. Note, I've edited since seeing I was downvoted. But to the question author, you might want to summarize your questions in the future instead of linking to a video or  13,000 word rant. (when you click to shut the video, the text is available.)"
There are certain situations where you could legally pay yourself rent, but it'd be in the context of multiple business entities interacting, never in the context of an individual renting their own property.  Even if you could, any rent paid to yourself would count as rental income, so there'd be no benefit. Edit: I was hunting for examples where it might be acceptable, and didn't, but I found a good explanation as to why it is not acceptable from Brandon Hall on a BiggerPockets post: To get technical, you will be going up against the Economic Substance   Doctrine which states that a transaction has economic substance if:   (1) the transaction changes in a meaningful way (apart from Federal   income tax effects) the taxpayer’s economic position; and (2) the   taxpayer has a substantial purpose (apart from Federal income tax   effects) for entering into such transaction. By transferring your primary residence into a LLC, you would not be   changing your economic position. Further, you do not have a   substantial purpose for entering into such transaction other than to   simply avoid paying federal income taxes. So it might make sense if multiple people owned the LLC that owned the property you wanted to rent, and there are instances where company X owns holding company Y that owns an office building that company X rents space in. But if you're the sole player in the LLC's then it sounds like a no-go.
I use MoneyStrands (formerly called Expensr), but mostly just to track expenses and look at reports on my spending habits. It has some really pretty charts, with the ability to drill down into categories and sub-categories, or graph monthly spending for any custom date range. It does a half-decent job of auto-categorizing the imported bank transactions, and you can set up additional rules for common vendors, but I still have to do some manual work after each import. It does a good job of integrating my credit cards, bank accounts, and I can even manually add cash transactions. It has some basic budgeting capabilities, but they're not very useful for someone who needs to carefully budget thier monthly spending. Another one I've heard about is mint.com, but it only supports American banks (last I heard, anyway).
"Can someone comment on the quality of zerohedge.com?   When i saw that the front page articles were created by a user ""Tyler durden"" with the fight club avatar, and one of the articles being ""top 10 things that America predicted"" it really makes me question the legitimacy of the website as a serious source. Hope someone can share thier opinion!"
So what exactly is the difference between an ITT mill and a shitty public school? Because I am not really seeing one. How does one prove that a school is a mill? And why are only private colleges considered? I know of several public schools that may as well be called diploma mills.
that's part of it, but the cost of shipping, logistics, handling, and maintaining QC while shipping large parts ocean freight also makes the cost not add up (along with the tariffs, but it is a very small portion of the cost).   source:  work in exactly this field of oem auto parts supplier w/ plants overseas as well as in US for ~14 years.
An auto title loans are typically utilized by those that wish to obtain a funding with bad credit rating or no credit in any way. An auto-mobile title lending frequently called a vehicle title lending or merely title funding as well as pink slip funding’s. You merely should have a vehicle that is paid off or nearly paid off and also you could make use of the auto title as security to obtain the cash money you require, enabling you to continue driving your vehicle while paying your loan.   Get Auto Car Title Loans North Hills CA and nearby cities Provide Car Title Loans, Auto Title Loans, Mobile Home Title Loans, RV/Motor Home Title Loans, Big Rigs Truck Title Loans, Motor Cycle Title Loans, Online Title Loans Near me, Bad Credit Loans, Personal Loans, Quick cash Loans  Contact Us: Get Auto Car Title Loans North Hills CA 14809 Needles St, North Hills, CA 91343 747-234-2440 atlnorthhill@gmail.com http://getautotitleloans.com/car-and-auto-title-loans-north-hills-ca/
&gt;No.  And for those of us that have lost someone close to them (or several people) to cancer this sort of sensationalism is a great way to knock a source down even further in our eyes.  Not that the daily beast was what I considered a reputable source before.
So apparently there is a second chart beneath the one I looked at last night with different numbers. In the first one, the top school scored about a 550 and the US about 500 on subjects across the board. I just did a percent change based on that to get 10%.   But there is another great statistic I’d love to look up, where when you control the US for the geographic location, many parts of our country actually deliver among the best in the world (something like number 4).
Quick Dry Cleaning Software is a laundry tracking software that provides you with highly customizable and detailed barcode tags which enable garment tracking and make identification of garments and process easier for your employees. The garment tracking process starts right from the moment the customer drops garments at your store and goes on till the moment the order is processed and delivered back to the customer. The software’s simple yet elaborate mechanism helps keep a record of the clothes at every step of the process.
"At 50 years old, and a dozen years or so from retirement, I am close to 100% in equities in my retirement accounts.  Most financial planners would say this is way too risky, which sort of addresses your question.  I seek high return rather than protection of principal.  If I was you at 22, I would mainly look at high returns rather than protection of principal. The short answer is, that even if your investments drop by half, you have plenty of time to recover.  But onto the long answer. You sort of have to imagine yourself close to retirement age, and what that would look like.  If you are contributing at 22, I would say that it is likely that you end up with 3 million (in today's dollars).  Will you have low or high monthly  expenses?  Will you have other sources of income such as rental properties?   Let's say you rental income that comes close to covering your monthly expenses, but is short about 12K per year.  You have a couple of options: So in the end let's say you are ready to retire with about 60K in cash above your emergency fund.  You have the ability to live off that cash for 5 years.  You can replenish that fund from equity investments at opportune times.  Its also likely you equity investments will grow a lot more than your expenses and any emergencies.  There really is no need to have a significant amount out of equities.  In the case cited, real estate serves as your cash investment. Now one can fret and say ""how will I know I have all of that when I am ready to retire""?  The answer is simple: structure your life now so it looks that way in the future.  You are off to a good start.  Right now your job is to build your investments in your 401K (which you are doing) and get good at budgeting.  The rest will follow.  After that your next step is to buy your first home. Good work on looking to plan for your future."
1) Your IRA contribution amount is based on your yearly income, and if you exceed the cutoff (http://www.irs.gov/retirement/participant/article/0,,id=202518,00.html) for the year, then you are not eligible to contribute at any point during the year. 2) No - the AGI limits just apply to new contributions. You can still have an IRA, you just can't add to it. If your income drops, then you will be eligible again. 3) If you have high-deductible insurance, then I think that an HSA is the best place for your money. It works like an IRA, as you can withdraw money when you retire, but you can also use the money now for health expenses. There aren't really many other options. Tax benefits aren't generally offered to people making as much as you will be.
I think that he means that gold is debt the same way that money is debt, because gold for the longest time literally was money.  Yes it is also a commodity, but it and silver were the only commodity universally accepted in exchange for promissory notes. There was no apple reserve, shoe reserve or deer reserve as in OP's explanation, that the town priest held on to in which to make those notes credible for tender around town.  So basically everyone decided that instead of trading a bushel for apples for some deer meat, they decided they would trade the apples for gold, then they would trade that gold for the deer meat. They used the gold because they knew it was a real, tangible thing that was safely tucked away. No bad deer season or bad harvest would affect the actual gold itself, which is why it was used as the middleman in the transaction.
Instead of a price chart can use a performance chart, which is usually expressed as a percentage increase from the original purchase price.  To factor in the dividends, you can either add in all of your dividends to the final price, or subtract the accumulated dividends from your cost basis (the initial price).
"First and foremost, being ""cool"" stops being a thing you have to worry about once you graduate from secondary school. Nobody's really going to care what car you drive; the ones that do care aren't worth maintaining personal friendships or relationships with. The notable exception would be a sales job, requiring you to look successful to be successful, and in that case you'll need to either have a nice-looking car or buy one very quickly. Also, consider what you're buying. An E46 (which for the U.S. crowd was the previous generation of 3-series coupes and sedans) will be, at best, a 6-year-old car, and they made these as long ago as '98 which would make it 15 years old. The standard in the U.S. is to put about 10k miles (which would be about 17k km) per year on it, so you would expect even the newest E46s to have at least 100 000 km on them. At this point, even the best cars start needing increasing amounts of maintenance, and on a BMW that maintenance doesn't come cheap.  Consider why a BMW would be sold. It sounds cliche, but in the U.S. at least there are three ""tiers"" of used car in the luxury class; there are the one- and two-year-olds, used by the dealer as a loaner or owned by the type of guy who buys a new car every year; they're practically new, for 30-50% off sticker, and a great deal when you find them. There are the 15-year-old (or older) cars which were used up and traded in; the majority of these end up auctioned off and cannibalized for parts with the remaining hulk sold for salvage. Then there are the in-betweens; between three and ten years old, you get a wide variety. This car could have been garaged all its life and driven to and from work and around town before its owner got a raise and decided to splurge, or its previous owner could have driven the wheels off all over the continent for work or travel. It could have a major problem that developed or was discovered after the warranty expired (and there isn't an E46 on the road that's still under warranty) which caused the owner to sell. Overall, I would wait until you have your first real job to spend real money on a car like this; the one that will actually pay the bills with enough left over for fun. When you're making 35k a year with only your own personal expenses, as long as you manage your debt well and don't get in trouble with credit, you should have no trouble buying a car like this (or even a newer one). If you are going to buy used even then, I recommend you do your homework on required maintenance for the brand and in general, what each milestone will cost you, and (based on mileage) how soon, and I would find a reputable used car dealer (which is stereotypically a contradiction in terms, but there are guys out there who aren't out to completely screw you over)."
"&gt;I was rooting for the cancer. If you can't figure out by 30 that basic decency not only is intrinsically good, but is also in your own self interest you don't deserve the basic respect of others.  Your post is so hilariously ironic. Are you under 30? Because you obviously must have not figured out that basic decency is intrinsically good, or else you wouldn't be 'rooting for the cancer.' So much for being a non-shitty human.  &gt;Shitty humans do more damage to the planet on a day to day basis than any ""genius"" does good.  Where does this claim even come from?  &gt;This stupid prick took an existing technology, dumbed it down to attract the stupid, and prettied it up to attract the narcissistic.  Jobs was an asshole, but he was also an amazing individual in a lot of other respectable ways. I used to dislike him because he came off extremely arrogant in interviews, but after watching several documentaries, I came to respect him a lot.  It's so easy to sit back in your arm chair and call him a stupid prick who ""only"" took existing technology and prettied it up to attract the narcissist idiots, but at the end of the day, Apple would not be what it is today without Jobs' relentless drive for success. Whatever he did, he was very good at it. To write him off as if he just got lucky by putting 2+2 together is just idiotic."
"In general, moving averages never seemed that much better for drawing trends, just removing volatility. However, in this case, they do seem more relevant because the moving averages seem to at least remove the noise of many of the other ""revisions.""  Comparing the intial numbers to the previous weeks' revised figures is hardly an apples-to-apples comparison, because there is more data available on the previous weeks' figures."
"First of all, this does not sound like a debit situation. Every debit has to be authorized by the entry of a pin code. So, the hotel could not have arbitrarily created a new debit charge. Usually, hotel charges are credit charges. Once they have your credit card number, they can charge anything they want to the credit card. If it is an accidental double charge, you can call the hotel and ask them to refund $100 or whatever the mistake was plus your overdraft fee. In all probability they will refund any double charge, but not agree to refund the fee. You can also contest the charge and do a ""chargeback"" of the amount which was double charged. You will probably not be able to collect the overdraft fee that you got from the hotel unless you sue them in small claims court, or you luck out and the hotel agrees to refund the fee as well."
The problem as I see it is that multinationals are able to gain an unfair advantage over local, regional and national businesses simply by setting up subsidiaries in foreign tax havens.  This is obviously the fault of the government and not the multinationals themselves, but I really don't think it's right that a Starbucks can use loopholes, that only multinationals have access to, in order to avoid paying taxes, while the small business down the street has to pay taxes on all taxable income.
"Depositum irregulare is a Latin phrase that simply means ""irregular deposit."" It's a concept from ancient Roman contract law that has a very narrow scope and doesn't actually apply to your example. There are two distinct parts to this concept, one dealing with the notion of a deposit and the other with the notion of irregularity. I'll address them both in turn since they're both relevant to the tax issue. I also think that this is an example of the XY problem, since your proposed solution (""give my money to a friend for safekeeping"") isn't the right solution to your actual problem (""how can I keep my money safe""). The currency issue is a complication, but it doesn't change the fact that what you're proposing probably isn't a good solution. The key word in my definition of depositum irregulare is ""contract"". You don't mention a legally binding contract between you and your friend; an oral contract doesn't qualify because in the event of a breach, it's difficult to enforce the agreement. Legally, there isn't any proof of an oral agreement, and emotionally, taking your friend to court might cost you your friendship. I'm not a lawyer, but I would guess that the absence of a contract implies that even though in the eyes of you and your friend, you're giving him the money for ""safekeeping,"" in the eyes of the law, you're simply giving it to him. In the US, you would owe gift taxes on these funds if they're higher than a certain amount. In other words, this isn't really a deposit. It's not like a security deposit, in which the money may be held as collateral in exchange for a service, e.g. not trashing your apartment, or a financial deposit, where the money is held in a regulated financial institution like a bank. This isn't a solution to the problem of keeping your money safe because the lack of a contract means you incur additional risk in the form of legal risk that isn't present in the context of actual deposits. Also, if you don't have an account in the right currency, but your friend does, how are you planning for him to store the money anyway? If you convert your money into his currency, you take on exchange rate risk (unless you hedge, which is another complication). If you don't convert it and simply leave it in his safe, house, car boot, etc. you're still taking on risk because the funds aren't insured in the event of loss.  Furthermore, the money isn't necessarily ""safe"" with your friend even if you ignore all the risks above. Without a written contract, you have little recourse if a) your friend decides to spend the money and not return it, b) your friend runs into financial trouble and creditors make claim to his assets, or c) you get into financial trouble and creditors make claims to your assets. The idea of giving money to another individual for safekeeping during bankruptcy has been tested in US courts and ruled invalid. If you do decide to go ahead with a contract and you do want your money back from your friend eventually, you're in essence loaning him money, and this is a different situation with its own complications. Look at this question and this question before loaning money to a friend. Although this does apply to your situation, it's mostly irrelevant because the ""irregular"" part of the concept of ""irregular deposit"" is a standard feature of currencies and other legal tender. It's part of the fungibility of modern currencies and doesn't have anything to do with taxes if you're only giving your friend physical currency. If you're giving him property, other assets, etc. for ""safekeeping"" it's a different issue entirely, but it's still probably going to be considered a gift or a loan. You're basically correct about what depositum irregulare means, but I think you're overestimating its reach in modern law. In Roman times, it simply refers to a contract in which two parties made an agreement for the depositor to deposit money or goods with the depositee and ""withdraw"" equivalent money or goods sometime in the future. Although this is a feature of the modern deposit banking system, it's one small part alongside contract law, deposit insurance, etc. These other parts add complexity, but they also add security and risk mitigation. Your arrangement with your friend is much simpler, but also much riskier.  And yes, there probably are taxes on what you're proposing because you're basically giving or loaning the money to your friend. Even if you say it's not a loan or a gift, the law may still see it that way. The absence of a contract makes this especially important, because you don't have anything speaking in your favor in the event of a legal dispute besides ""what you meant the money to be."" Furthermore, the money isn't necessarily safe with your friend, and the absence of a contract exacerbates this issue. If you want to keep your money safe, keep it in an account that's covered by deposit insurance. If you don't have an account in that currency, either a) talk to a lawyer who specializes in situation like this and work out a contract, or b) open an account with that currency. As I've stated, I'm not a lawyer, so none of the above should be interpreted as legal advice. That being said, I'll reiterate again that the concept of depositum irregulare is a concept from ancient Roman law. Trying to apply it within a modern legal system without a contract is a potential recipe for disaster. If you need a legal solution to this problem (not that you do; I think what you're looking for is a bank), talk to a lawyer who understands modern law, since ancient Roman law isn't applicable to and won't pass muster in a modern-day court."
"Private companies often ""make the market"" for their own stock. So they may offer to buy back so many shares a year, give staff the option to sell stock back after so many years, etc.  But private companies can have their own restrictions. They can, for instance, forbid secondary trading or explicitly limit voting stock to family members.  Ostensibly, someone could sell a big chunk of a company for whatever price they wanted (unless it was prohibited).  For tax purposes, IRS will come after you if you get a bunch of value for less than you paid for.  It is not an unheard of way to transfer wealth, but a dollar? Probably just gift it. But I'm not a tax attorney...   But is absolutely not the same kind of price transparency, or price movement, that you see in public stock, you are correct. Larger private companies may have secondary markets that are still less transparent."
&gt; While I'm talking to an Estonian, how's Estonia doing these days?  The current party in power is having a financing scandal. Allegedly one of their current ministers organised money laundering schemes while being the secretary of the party years ago, but it goes a lot deeper than that, he's refusing to step down, and an investigation into this by the state prosecutor was shut down due to lack of evidence.  The guy is the minister of justice, so the state prosecutor actually answers to him directly.  At times it feels like we're living in god damn India or something.
Interesting thread - I was going to go the route of writing my own reports on companies I invest in and posting them on my personal blog. A way to hone my research skills, signal to employers my research and writing ability and get feedback from people.   Good idea?
Depends on what you are going for. Sometimes first to market is the correct decision, while other times being more conservative is correct. All depends on risk/reward.   Edit: given that this was merely supposed to be a proof of concept/advertisement for the business's speed capabilities, and the low cost involved, there didn't appear to be very much risk.
A lot of it boils down to these key points:
I also saw a lot of reference to Mutual Mania Board Game, which is geared towards kids 11yrs+ and helps them learn about spending, saving, profit and loss.
"I completely agree, but the problem is in many fields you simply can't get your foot in the door without traditional credentials. The HR clerk or software skimming resumes will just toss you in the garbage because you don't fit their neat idea of a ""qualified"" candidate. ""We"" need to rethink how we recruit people."
Does your employer offer a 401(k) match? If so, contribute enough to maximize that--it's free money. After that, contribute to an IRA where you can invest in funds with low expenses. After you max that out, if you still have money left over, max out your 401(k) despite the high expenses for the tax advantages. Remember when you leave the company you can roll over the balance into an IRA and switch to lower-cost investments. Of course this is general advice without knowing your situation. If you're looking to buy a home soon, for example, you might want to keep extra money in a taxable account for a downpayment rather than maxing out your 401(k).
Then we do agree in a sense. Pensions are an anathema in the modern economy and likely were never a good idea, that said I do not agree with putting those owed and promised pensions behind other creditors. You would not bring down the credit system, you would simply kill what is left of the seriously broken pensions system and punish any company that was fool enough to play games with their pension system.   All that said I am not against a bankruptcy court discharging pensions and saying tough-titties to the employees. I just want that consideration by the court to happen when whatever is left of the cash pile is still big enough to matter to the pensioners.  If you are a company dumb enough to operate such a system today I see no reason why your creditors should not be aware of the promised debt load you carry that is bound up in your employees and take it into account. Does it make credit more expensive for them? It better!
"The US national debt isn't the problem. If the Bush-era tax cuts had been allowed to expire then US debt would have been paid off reasonably quickly. The CBO’s “baseline” budget forecast,   which assumes that the cuts do indeed   expire as planned, sees the deficit   falling from 9.1% of GDP in 2010 to   2.5% in 2014. These are just the debts the US has already incurred. The problem is the future entitlements the US is promising to its soon-to-be-retired generation of Baby Boomers.  Medicare, health insurance, and so on are all future costs that can be calculated fairly accurately when considering the size and earnings of the work-force relative to the size, longevity and health of the newly-retired. Governments can ""solve"" the problems of entitlements simply be reneging on their promises. The concern that investors have is that either entitlements will be paid by raising taxes (and so cutting profits and investment returns) or countries will simply default on their existing debts as their tax receipts run out. As Europe has shown (from French workers rioting about having to retire at 62, to British students rioting about paying their tuition fees), breaking promises has consequences for elected politicians too. Europe is already going rather painfully through this process of economic restructuring.  The US will eventually come round as well.  Just don't expect it to be painless. So keep your money and invest it wisely.  No doubt that tax collectors will be round in a while to take their cut so you can make your contribution."
Actually, it does make some sense.  Returns are where you have a customer who is not satisfied, and the company's job is to redeem themselves.  If you piss someone off when they're already unsatisfied with something, you risk alienating them permanently.  Easy returns mean that you get the return knocked out quickly, and get them spending money again, in your store, and that generally outweighs the cost of the return.
You can only deduct (with the 2% AGI threshold) expenses that: You've actually incurred. I.e.: you actually paid for equipment or services provided and can show receipts for the payment. At the request of the employer. I.e.: you didn't just decide on your own to buy a new book or take a class, your employer told you to. With business necessity. I.e.: it was in order for you to do your job. And you were not reimbursed by your employer. I.e.: you went somewhere and spent your after tax money on something employer explicitly told you to pay for, and you didn't get reimbursed for that. From your story - these conditions don't hold for you. As I said in the comments - I strongly suggest you talk to a lawyer. Your story just doesn't make any sense, and I suspect your employer is doing something very fishy here.
I compared it to NJ, NY and various other states through a database that escapes me now.  It's an independent database that was partially funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation and I cannot find it now.  I also went through the arbitration opinion between CPS and the union, as another datapoint.  I'm sorry.  I will try to find it and get back to you.
Yes, legitimate, documented, expenses are written off against that income.
"I frequently advise to go 401(k) up to the match. With no match, I'm not so sure.  If you are in the 15% bracket, I'd skip the 401(k). Your standard deduction is $5800 this year, do you itemize? I ask because the 15% bracket ends at $34,500, and I don't know if you manage enough deductions to get under that.  But - I'd only pt into the 401(k) what would otherwise be taxed at 25%, no more. Even then only if the 401(k) expenses were pretty reasonable. Will all the hoopla over retirement accounts, we easily forget the beauty of the investment in ETFs long term. You buy the SPY (S&P 500 ETF) and hold it forever. The gains are all deferred until you sell, and then they have a favored rate. You control the timing of the sale with no risk of penalty. The expenses are low, and over time, can make up for the lack of tax deduction (The pretax deposit) vs the 401(k) account. You die and the beneficiaries have a stepped up basis with no tax due (under whatever the limit is that year).  Long term, I'd go with low cost ETFs and pay the mortgage at the minimum payments. Even without itemizing, 4.2% is pretty low compared to the expected return over the next decade in stocks.  I recommend a look at Fairmark to help understand your marginal rate. Your gross doesn't matter as much as that line on 1040 ""taxable income."" This will tell you if you are in the 25% bracket and if so, how deep.  Edit - If one's taxable income, line 43 on your 1040, I believe, puts him into the 15% bracket, there are issues using a pretax 401(k). The priority should be to use a Roth IRA or Roth 401(k). Being so close to that 25% bracket at 26 tells me you will grow, and/o marry into it over time, that's the ideal time to use the pre-tax 401(k) to stay at 15%. i.e. deposit just enough to bring your taxable income right to that line of 15/25%."
"I believe the answer here is no: SIPC protection of customers with multiple accounts is determined by ""separate capacity."" Each separate capacity is protected up to $500,000 for securities and cash (including a $250,000 limit for cash only). Accounts held in the same capacity are combined for purposes of the SIPC protection limits. So even having 2 individual accounts - you would only be covered for $500,000/$250,000. You can see more about the type of accounts that would give your more coverage here. Also note: If you own a stock - the record probably exist.  Therefore you would not lose your ownership or shares.  The SIPC is there to protect the times this does not happen."
"This is proof that the people running the world are all insane. They are interested only in their personal gain and they are throwing the entire planet full of people under the proverbial bus in the effort to increase their bank accounts during their short lives.  The practice of banks ""inventing"" money by lending more than they actually have in their vaults should be stopped, or at the very least reigned in. During the housing collapse it was revealed that CHASE was lending money at a 50:1 ratio. That's madness. CHASE should have gone bankrupt as a result, but they received massive bailouts. A company which operates like that is literally poison in the bloodstream.  Everyone knows that financial health is the result of making rational decisions. So it leads one to wonder how it is that all of the richest people get that way by being as irrational as possible. It's no surprise that most of them lose their fortunes in disastrous catastrophes which serve as entertainment for the masses.  When it comes to building wealth I think the story of the Tortoise and the Hare offers the most wisdom of any anecdotes."
It sounds like there are no provisions in the loan document for how to proceed in this case.   I would view this as creating a brand new loan. The amount owed is going to be (Principal remaining + interest from 2 years + penalties).  If you created a new loan for 13 years, that would not be how I would expect a lender to behave. I would expect most repayment plans to be something like make double payments until you are caught up or pay an extra $1000 per month until caught up and then resume normal payments.
"Fool's 13 steps to invest is a good starting point. Specifically, IFF all your credit cards are paid, and you made sure you've got no outstanding liabilities (that also accrues interest), stock indexes might be a good place for 5-10 years timeframes. For grad school, I'd probably look into cash ISA (or local equivalent thereof) -the rate of return is going to be lower, but having it in a separate account at least makes it mentally ""out of sight - out of mind"", so you can make sure the money's there WHEN you need it."
Care to explain why? A monopoly exists when a single firm is the sole producer of a product *for which there are no close substitutes.* While they may become one producer of *web-app enabled ride sharing from drivers in their own vehicles*, there is not one producer of on-request ground transportation. I've traveled cabs, black cars, shuttles, car share services, and used uber and lyft. If lyft dies, I still have dozens of other options. It would be like saying that if there is only one cab company that rents electric cars that they're a monopoly. Yeah, they might be the only one that rents electric cars, but they have many close substitutes (every other rental car company).  So they're not the single seller. Uber would not be able to fix the price in the market because of these other options. They also do not establish a high barrier to entering the market, except for the barrier of name recognition and competition. They cannot control the quantity of the product put into the market. They meet none of the qualities of a monopoly.  They *could*, however, become a part of an oligopoly, but one could argue that this already existed in ground transportation. If anything, Uber has opened up the market for competition by fighting against regulations that have restricted entry into the market for themselves, benefitting others with a similar model. No one would be crying if Uber garnered such a following that they out-performed Discount Cab, leading to its demise; Lyft is no different.
"Call me crazy, but doesn't this take us from the realm of *civil* damages, into seeing execs frog-marched into police cars?  Obama may not have gotten his 30-day requirement into law, but [most states follow](http://www.ncsl.org/research/telecommunications-and-information-technology/security-breach-notification-laws.aspx) California's data breach standard; sorry, residents of Alabama and South Dakota, you'll have to take comfort from the shadows when the latest NY AG moves to make a name for himself.  / Hmm, ""Eric Schneiderman""... Nope, I don't see any penis jokes there, he's safe."
I would prioritize paying off the heloc first.   Paying off the heloc has a guaranteed rate of return and will reduce the size of savings cushion you'll need in the future. However, you shouldn't assume your heloc funds will remain available indefinitely.   If you read your fine print, you are not guaranteed access to your unused credit by the bank.  If you lose your job or your home value significantly declines, the bank could refuse to let you take more money out on your heloc.   Recently, I've seen people's available credit be reset to 0 on open helocs by banks trying to reduce their exposure.   Planning on the future of available credit via a heloc is not a good safety net.
It is important to choose a carpet cleaner that delivers industry leading carpet cleaning results, excellent service and with years of experience. Electrodry has been cleaning carpets in Adelaide for almost 20 years servicing over 10,000 customers in Adelaide every year.
Accenture has several levels of partner. I'd be really surprised if it topped out at 250k because that's not very much even for a public company and also doesn't fit with the lifestyle of a few partners. I googled around a bit and there was an AMA on (of all places) reddit about a year back from somebody claiming to be a partner at Accenture, who reported 300k for a new partner, up to 1M+ for more senior ones (excluding equity) which actually sounds more reasonable to me.   Second observation: higher partner compensation does not systematically imply higher bill rates. Private companies doesn't pay dividends, for example, and partner compensation is not the only expense. Bankers in public banks can make that much and none of them are partners - viz. UBS &amp; co. (performance-based bonus at Accenture for non-partners - and Senior Executives are not necessarily partners - can reach 20k, no problem. Hell, a consultant might make almost that)
Privatization and outsourcing  of knowledge is much cheaper than in-house economies of scale... wait, what?   When this grand experiment is proven to not be the panacea of the business world's quest for cost reduction, we'll all look back and laugh at how silly these guys were.  It's like saying it's cheaper for a family of four to eat out three times a day, seven times a week (at restaurant that serves food with quality comparable to home cooking) than it is to cook at home. We all know home cooked meals are more cost effective unless you're eating the bottom of the barrel fast food, even then, externalities of health and well being make the savings questionable.
"The Dutch tax office is pretty decent, although slightly overburdened. Don't expect a lot of help, but they're not generally known for making a lot of problems. Digital copies are fine, for instance. They will send you your first VAT notice. You probably would have known if your company would have been incorporated, so I'll assume you're just trading as a natural person. That means you still have to file VAT returns, but the business income is just filed annually as ""other income"".  For the VAT part, you'll need to invoice your customers. Keep a copy of those invoices for your own bookkeeping, and keep track of the matching customer payments. Together these form the chief evidence of your VAT obligation. You also have a VAT deduction from your purchases (it's a Value-Added Tax, after all). Again, keep receipts. The usual VAT period is 3 months, so you'd pay VAT 4 times a year. But if you would pay less than 1883 euro, you might not need to pay at all and just need to file annually The income part is easy with the receipts you had for VAT purposes anyway. Dutch Tax Office, VAT, in English"
You can't control the number of special interest groups.  You can't control their stubbornness, animosity, or lack of foresight.  What you can do is limit how and when special interest groups can press their views.  Create a new team whose whole job is to field lobbying before it gets to congress.  They see all the new bills, etc. and boil them down to simple terms, pros, and cons, before presenting them to congress.  The final version must also be signed off on by the lobbying party before it is presented.  You need a second party in this group:  The Devil's Advocates - a group that is REQUIRED to argue against EVERY proposal.  The whole reason for this group is to ensure that no proposal passes without contest.  You need a group whose whole goal is to identify the impact of each proposal, and return the findings to fielders.  They also require a devil's advocate.  When the final proposal is signed off on, then the fielding group presents it to congress, not the lobbyists or their supporters.  The funding for these groups comes directly from the lobbyists, who must finance their bill through congress, unless special exception is made.  If a ton of special interest groups want to get their form in, they must wait their turn in line.  The less work the fielding group has to do to clean up their request, validate it, and discover the pros and cons, the faster the lobby request will go through.  This is just a rough idea off the top of my head.  What are the issues you see with it?
"Something to note is that when a company announces a share buyback program there is usually a time frame and amount of shares that are important details as it isn't like the company will make one big buy back of stock generally.  Rather it may take months or even years as noted in the Wikipedia article about share repurchases. Wikipedia covers some of the technical details here but to give a specific set of answers: When a company announces a share buyback program, who do they actually   buy back the shares from?  From the Wikipedia link: ""Under US corporate law there are five primary methods of stock repurchase: open market, private negotiations, repurchase 'put' rights, and two variants of self-tender repurchase: a fixed price tender offer and a Dutch auction."" Thus, there are open market and a couple of other possibilities. Openly traded shares on a stock exchange?  Possibly, though there are other options. Is there a fixed price that   they buy back at? Sometimes.  I'd think a ""fixed price tender offer"" would imply a fixed price though the open market way may take various prices. If I own shares in that company, can I get them to buy back my shares? Selective Buy-Backs is noted in Wikipedia as: ""In broad terms, a selective buy-back is one in which identical offers are not made to every shareholder, for example, if offers are made to only some of the shareholders in the company. In the US, no special shareholder approval of a selective buy-back is required. In the UK, the scheme must first be approved by all shareholders, or by a special resolution (requiring a 75% majority) of the members in which no vote is cast by selling shareholders or their associates. Selling shareholders may not vote in favor of a special resolution to approve a selective buy-back. The notice to shareholders convening the meeting to vote on a selective buy-back must include a statement setting out all material information that is relevant to the proposal, although it is not necessary for the company to provide information already disclosed to the shareholders, if that would be unreasonable."" Thus it is possible, though how probable is another question. While not in the question, something to consider is how the buybacks can be done as a result of offsetting the dilution of employees who have stock options that may exercise them and spread the earnings over more shares, but this is more on understanding the employee stock option scenario that various big companies use when it comes to giving employees an incentive to help the stock price."
That would be lead to eveeel and wasteful litigation.  Youre basically making a pro contingency fee structure argument.  Those incentives exists in private rights of actions which have been whittled away.  Look at the result.
&gt;I always thought of it as a starting point before you gain skills to live on your own.  You thought wrong. That's what conservatives have tried to push.  As initially discussed by FDR:  &gt;In his 1933 address following the passage of the National Industrial Recovery Act, President Franklin D. Roosevelt noted that “no business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country. By ‘business’ I mean the whole of commerce as well as the whole of industry; by workers I mean all workers, the white collar class as well as the men in overalls; and by living wages I mean more than a bare subsistence level — I mean the wages of decent living,” he stated.
So to sum up, a Keynesian would suggest that the way out of this economic malaise is to incur more public debt now to make up for the fact that the private sector is paying down its way-too-high debt.  And you suggest that the way out is to produce more cheap electronics in this country by cutting taxes and regulation? I bet ending unions would probably help, too.
Smallest risk of default would depend on where Alice and Bob live I suppose, but lets assume they are in a lower yielding nation where default is not a big concern.  Remember for instance that Greece was a lower yielding nation at one point and that the US has defaulted before. Let's start with Bob because he is easier to analyze.  Yield curves inversions generally pre-date recessions which is generally not so good for Bob as rates tend to drop during recessions and he will be at the short end of the curve so his bonds will be less sensitive.  However, he will generally get higher yields in good times to make up for this, but these higher yields come with a price in that he is generally much more sensitive to yield changes and can get much larger swings in portfolio value. First off as JB mentioned Alice would likely own inflation-linked (IL) bonds.  Which behave fairly differently from Bob's bonds. However, to keep this simple lets say they live in a place without IL bonds or IL bonds are not a consideration.  Then generally Alice has lower yielding bonds in good times but may do very well when the fed steps in during a crisis. So, who wins in the long run?  Likely Christi who owns a mix of a broad index of stocks and bonds in a risk mix where she wouldn't have to sell in downturns.  Especially, as Christi wouldn't have to pay the trading costs of moving her whole portfolio between long and short bonds.  Between Bob and Alice however Bob would likely win in the long run as the markets generally reward risk taking in the long run.  Still inflation (even without the IL bonds) and general rate trends (long-term rates are historically low right now) could have Bob losing for uncomfortably long periods.
If I were you, I would go to the bank right now, pay the $100 and close the account.  I would stop the bleeding first then consider the fallout later.   Do you own the account jointly with your partner(s) as a partner or does the partnership (a separate formal entity) own the bank account with you a named representative?  Those are two very different situations. If you're a joint owner, you're liable for the fees; along with your other partners in accordance with your partnership agreement.  You never closed yourself off the account and that's your problem. If the dissolved partnership owns the account, you're not personally liable for the fees.  You were never a personal owner of the account, now that the account is negative you don't magically become personally liable. The differences here are very nuanced and the details matter.  If this were a large amount of money I'd suggest you go see a lawyer.  Since this is about $100 I'd just pay it, make sure the account is closed, and move on.
The key here is the bank, they hold the title to the car and as such have the final say in things. The best thing you can do is to pay off the loan.  Could you work like crazy and pay off the car in 6 months to a year? The next best thing would be to sell the car.  You will probably have to cover the depreciation out of pocket.  You will also need to have some cash to buy a different car, but buy it for cash like you should have done in the first place. The worst option and what most people opt for, which is why they are broke, is to seek to refinance the car.  I am not sure why you would have to wait 6 months to a year to refinance, but unless you have truly horrific credit, a local bank or credit union will be happy for your business.  Choose this option if you want to continue to be broke for the next five years or so. Once any of those happen it will be easy to re-title the car in your name only provided you are on good terms with the girlfriend.  It is just a matter of going to the local title office and her signing over her interest in the car. My hope is that you understand the series of foolish decisions that you made in this vehicle purchase and avoid them in the future.  Or, at the very least, you consciously make the decision to appear wealthy rather than actually being wealthy.
&gt;You seem to have missed half the plan. My suggestion to not charge back hours is meant to work with the idea of giving each department a budget in terms of hours.  And what do you do with the department that uses up its budgeted hours by say... July or August?  Do they get to simply ignore that they have gone over budget? (In which case, what use is the budget.)   Ooops (guess you missed that little complication).
The spread is two trades, one of which opens up some risk one of which limits/cancels the risk.  There is nothing stopping you from selling part of the spread opening the door to the risk.  You're required to have a margin account to open risky positions, even if the specific spread trade you're attempting to open has a risk limiting/cancelling counterpart.
Sure let's say we're starting with the equity value of a public company. Fully diluted shares times market price. We add debt and subtract all cash to give us enterprise value. Calculate a multiple on that. Look what we did up there, we subtracted out all cash. The DCF approach assumes we have an operating level of cash when it calculates a value. You're saying that the DCF spits out an enterprise value. It cannot be an enterprise value if the DCF approach assumes we hold cash. We would have to subtract out an operating level of cash from the DCF concluded value to compare it apples to apples to the cashless enterprise values we derived from the market approach multiples.
Girls love to [Buy Designer Hangbags Online](http://www.dianaekelly.com) and purses in formal also as informal events. They’re now a required fashion accessory, and girls prefer to buy bags that are complimentary with their wardrobe and personality. Bags can now be purchased at auctions, since celebrities often place their collections up for auction.
"If you are wanting to teach your kids basic accounting principles there is some good stuff on Khan Academy. However most of the stuff takes practice to really make it hit home and its kinda boring (Especially to kids who may or may not care about it). Maybe if you help them set up an account on Mint so that they are at least aware of their finances. Think it also has a heap of videos you can watch that teaches basic personal finance. If you actually want them to understand the techniques and methods behind creating & maintaining a personal ledger/journal and reconciling it against a bank account you are getting into what undergraduates study and there are plenty of first year textbooks around. Look around for a second hand one that is a few revisions old and they are usually dirt cheap (I scored one for only a dollar not that long ago). I feel like the mindset is what matters most. Journals and all that jazz are easy if you have the right mindset. That is something that you really have to demonstrate to your children rather than teach. Meaning you yourself keeping your finances in order and showing them how you organise and file your bills/ credit cards etc. (So they learn the importance of keeping financial records; meaning in the future when its talked about it doesn't fall on deaf ears) Emphasize the whole ""living within your means"" because even if they don't understand bookkeeping or learn anything else at least their finances won't turn out too bad."
If it's long enough to make a pitch that seems like it can't be that short. I don't like that Uber is calling and canceling rides, but I don't think they are responsible for determining how long a ride must be in order for it to be profitable for Lyft.
Take pics of your happy customers and show them to potential new customers.  Also have a guest book for people to sign with their reviews.  ONLY let tourists sign this book.  It would be obvious if you had non native english speakers try to write reviews in there.
Best advice is to ask your lender.  That being said, if you are changing jobs, but keeping the same type of job you are usually ok and if the loan was approved before, it would still be approved. If you switch from W-2 to 1099 or vice-versa, permanent to contract, switch industries (software dev to accountant), or make less money there is a strong risk of the loan being declined.
It's not just about price. Uber and other rideshare companies provide several other things better than cabs:  * However they do it, whether monitoring GPS or sensor data from the phone, rideshares incentivize drivers to accelerate and brake gently, as well as go the speed limit. Cab drivers, in my experience, drive like assholes. * By using the star rating system, rideshares incentivize drivers and riders to act like civilized people. Cab drivers, in my experience, don't give a shit. * By charging for time as well as mileage, rideshares incentivize drivers to take their time and get people where they want to be. Cab drivers, in my experience, want people out of the car as quickly as possible so they can get to their next fare. * Rideshares made it an effective part time job as well as a full time job. A driver can pick their own schedule and drive when they're available. One can make a living or just make some extra money.  And my description of their business model is correct. Again, it's not just pricing. The medallion system ensures that a driver starts out in debt. It is a barrier to entry. It also ties a driver's retirement to a supply/demand market of a commodity. It's an artificial barrier that blocks supply/demand of people willing to fill the role in a market. All of this allows cab companies to charge whatever they bloody well please and pay their drivers shit wages, which is probably the reason they drive and act like assholes.
Pay to play in business is normal and completely ethical.  You want to be in the Yellow pages, you have to pay.   You want to be associated with an elite group of like businesses and share leads, you have to pay.   You want to be in the Chamber of Commerce, you have to pay.  There's tons of businesses that are in invite only groups that cost $10,000+ a year and $300 a month just for sharing leads and those leads are worth the cost.
&gt;There exists plenty of demand in the US economy right now      No, there isn't. Too many people are paying off their debt and not buying anything. The hunter isn't buying many apples because he's busy paying off his debt to the bow maker.
You should contact Chase and ask them. As long as it's not on your account - it hasn't arrived.
No, he was lucky there are universities where he can earn a degree and learn useful things.  He's lucky he never got murdered by someone desperate for food.  He's lucky there were roads to help him go all the places he needs to go.  He was lucky there were companies where he had the opportunity to network, that there's an economy where such things exist.  He's lucky the modern world *exists*.    But no, he did it all by himself.
Well I think it's a combination of all options is required.  I agree that the focus needs to be on developing products - alternatives - to replace our  petroleum-based products. We should not however ignore energy efficiencies wherever these are possible. Conservation of energy is also a huge part of reducing our use of fossil fuels.
"Touche. But you still have to at least *know* how to open a paint can..... and for any ""millennials"" reading it usually involves a hammer. It sounds complicated I know but I'm sure there's a utube video posted that will explain all the details. If not they can also sell you a special tool. /Insert your own joke here/ For opening."
I wouldn't like to say either way what you should do, not being an financial advisor or lawyer, but I did find an interesting article on nytimes.com: Walk Away From Your Mortgage!  that you might also find helpful to frame your decision. It has some interesting information on defaults, it says this: Mortgage holders do sign a promissory note, which is a promise to pay. But the contract explicitly details the penalty for nonpayment — surrender of the property. The borrower isn’t escaping the consequences; he is suffering them. In some states, lenders also have recourse to the borrowers’ unmortgaged assets, like their car and savings accounts. A study by the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond found that defaults are lower in such states, apparently because lenders threaten the borrowers with judgments against their assets. But actual lawsuits are rare. And given that nearly a quarter of mortgages are underwater, and that 10 percent of mortgages are delinquent, White, of the University of Arizona, is surprised that more people haven’t walked. He thinks the desire to avoid shame is a factor, as are overblown fears of harm to credit ratings. Probably, homeowners also labor under a delusion that their homes will quickly return to value. White has argued that the government should stop perpetuating default “scare stories” and, indeed, should encourage borrowers to default when it’s in their economic interest. This would correct a prevailing imbalance: homeowners operate under a “powerful moral constraint” while lenders are busily trying to maximize profits. More important, it might get the system unstuck. If lenders feared an avalanche of strategic defaults, they would have an incentive to renegotiate loan terms. In theory, this could produce a wave of loan modifications — the very goal the Treasury has been pursuing to end the crisis.
In principle, the US taxes both income and gifts. Simply thinking good thoughts is not necessarily sufficient to avoid filing or payment obligations. Giving somebody money with no repayment date, no interest, and no enforceable note looks an awful lot like either income or a gift. A loan normally has interest, money sitting in a savings account is insured, and other investments generally have an expected return.  Why would somebody give a loan with no interest, with only flexible or informal payment expectations, in a way where it has neither deposit insurance nor any expectation of net returns?  That looks a lot like a gift - at the very least, a gift of the time value and the default risk. The IRS definitely polices loan rates. The latest release is Revenue Ruling 2014-13. The AFR is useful for tax concepts such as Original Issue Discount (when issuers sell low-interest or no-interest bonds or loans at less than face value, attempting to recharacterize interest income as return of principal), various grantor trusts (e.g. GRATs), and so forth.  It's a simple way for the IRS to link to market rates of interest. Documentation and sufficient interest, as well as clear payment schedule (and maybe call or demand rights) make it a bona fide loan.  There is no real way for the IRS to distinguish between an informal arrangement and a post-hoc lie to conceal a gift.  Moreover, an undocumented loan is generally difficult to enforce, so it looks less like a true loan. The lender declares the interest payments as income on his Form 1040, line 8a and if necessary Schedule B.
Matt Levine talked about a cute scam that this resembles, a kind of extended short squeeze. You manipulate up the stock of a company, so that it's obviously way above the fundamental value. Word will get out. Then the shorts come in. But the value remains stubbornly high. All the stock is held by a few insiders, but they didn't manipulate the stock price to do a pump and dump. They did it to milk the shorts on borrow cost.
I'm a seller of large items on Amazon. Had a customer buy and return the item because he ordered the wrong size shelf.  Shipped it back damaged, full refund for the buyer, amazon refused to even take my claim seriously. cost me hundreds, going to be closing my account if it happens again. Amazon is the worst seller marketplace out of all the ones I use.  I'm not going to held hostage to their BS!
"Nobody has consistently doubled their investment year after year, not even the ""greats"" like George Soros and Warren Buffett. Mr. Buffett's average annual returns have been over 20% for over 50 years. That's about twice the American average of 10%-11% a year. So Mr. Buffett has been ""twice as good as average"" for his adult life. That's like having a 200 IQ. And in a poll taken in 2000, he was rated the greatest portfolio manager of all time. No lesser person could hope to do better. What has happened is that people may double their investment in ONE year, then ""give some back"" the following year. Or else go through several years of ""average"" 10%-15% returns. The reason is that they will have an investment style that works for one particular market, but not for all markets, so they will have to wait for their ""best"" market, to have their ""best"" year."
"Cultural Marxism has nothing to do with Marxism, it's a misnomer. It's not even a real thing. He probably means the ""Frankfurt School"", which is a bastardized ""Marxism"" stripped of everything that makes Marxism *Marxism*. It is opposed to every Marxist state that ever existed or currently exists. It's a purely academic, useless philosophy that scooped out the organs of Marxism, tossed them aside, and put on its skin.  In other words it has nothing to do with this article, since this article is about Marxism not the ""Frankfurt School""."
Geloman's Indian Spares give the offer great service of Indian motorcycle with quality work that is great value for money. All our workmanship is guaranteed and we honor any guarantee provided with any part that we supply. The bike lover the to see if he could handle Indian 338 motorcycle, and clearly she could, but she wasn’t that interested in becoming a rider. Anything that’s not a cruiser will demand extensive research and development costs, and Indian motorcycle.
"Are you trying to say that when hiring a Chief Information Security Officer, people with IT degrees and background are less desirable than music majors?   And, yes, there are people with un-related degrees who are ""experts"" in another field, but with 98% certainty, they learned their ""expertise"" from many gray real experts with IT degrees who work for them.  In other words, those ""experts"" repeat and say things in a more presentable way than any real techie expert can say or present.  Good example is Steve Job: terrible product ideas and design (Lisa, Newton, Macintosh, Next, etc) and all his success stories TOTALLY came from the hard work of others (Steve Wozniak with Apple II, iPod, iPhone, etc). But sure he can present and market things."
"As THEAO suggested, tracking spending is a great start.  But how about this -  Figure out the payment needed to get to zero debt in a reasonable time, 24 months, perhaps. If that's more than 15% of your income, maybe stretch a tiny bit to 30 months. If it's much less, send 15% to debt until it's paid, then flip the money to savings.  From what's left, first budget the ""needs,"" rent, utilities, etc. Whatever you spend on food, try to cut back 10%.  There is no budget for entertainment or clothes. The whole point is one must either live beneath their means, or increase their income. You've seen what can happen when the debt snowballs.  In reality, with no debt to service and the savings growing, you'll find a way to prioritize spending. Some months you'll have to choose, dinner out, or a show. I agree with Keith's food bill, $300-$400/mo for 3 of us. Months with a holiday and large guest list throws that off, of course."
Banks should be risk averse by default. They make loans to people and businesses after measuring their ability to repay.  After they approve a big project loan like an apartment building, they don't give all the money to the builders upfront. They give money as progress is made and they make sure the funds are not being used inappropriately. There's no reason they couldn't do all this while owning the project, but that would also open them to lawsuits later on if anything wasn't built to code. By keeping the project at arm's length, they avoid future liability.
Home Depot doesn't cull their lumber with anywhere near the frequency of Lowe's either. I only have a Home Depot near me right now and if I need lumber, I always open a fresh bundle because none of the loose stuff is going to be worth using.
"&gt;It's secret so that it can't be torpedoed by politics while in the negotiation process.  That argument is dissected quite well in this article about ISDS.:  [Commission ISDS reform plan is an echo chamber of business views](http://corporateeurope.org/international-trade/2014/07/commission-isds-reform-plan-echo-chamber-business-views)  These deals are NOT about trade, they are about the big corporate donors getting things - lots of bad things- which they could never get in legislation. A laundry list of very bad deals for the people of all these countries all rolled into one.   The previous trade negotiator admitted that they were secret because there are lots of things in there which the American people would not want.   For example, all three of the ""agreements"" contain provisions that effectively make real single payer health care impossible. That will limit state efforts to ones that lose lots of money.     They try to freeze all ew chemical and environmental regulations, overruling state laws and chemical disclosure food safety, and labeling requirements. They try to continue to deregulate banks and fiancial instruments, increasing the risks not just of disasters - also of disasters that the US taxpayer will be asked to pay for.   I'm now hearing something about new traps which will send much of the whelling and dealing to London, however they could still put the US taxpayer on the hook for their huge losses - of EU banks, similar to the Cyprus and the EU situation.   Check out http://ttip2014.eu  and http://www.world-psi.org/en/psi-special-report-tisa-versus-public-services also"
Technology comes from researching and testing when you've run out of technology that you can just copy, as you say. Which is why many developing economies can [grow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_real_GDP_growth_rate) quite quickly regardless of their [research spending](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_research_and_development_spending)- new technology is basically given to them via FDI.
Yeah man, was basically just screwing around.  Day-trading stocks is a bit different for me.  I usually trade options.  Taking a bit getting used to.  Not to mention, I probably lost a good bit on spreads.  I made all market orders lol.
No, it's like a kid asking for a cookie - of course the kid asks for the cookie. Kids are short-sighted, irresponsible, and focused on instant gratification. The problem isn't the kid asking for the cookie, it's when Mom, who is *supposed to be* responsible and in charge, gives the kid the cookie when the kid shouldn't be having cookies.  Lobbyists asking for modifications to tax &amp; legal code - fine. There's nothing wrong with asking. Sometimes the ask is a good one.  Legislators &amp; regulators agreeing to the modifications to tax &amp; legal code - 100000000% their responsibility. The onus is on the PERSON IN CHARGE to exert their power and control, and not do the stupid thing.   Why do you people blame the companies or lobbyists but exonerate the legislators &amp; regulators who are **ACTUALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALLOWING THESE THING TO HAPPEN!?**
"Not really, no. The assumption you're making—withdrawals from a corporation are subject to ""[ordinary] income tax""—is simplistic. ""Income tax"" encompasses many taxes, some more benign than others, owing to credits and exemptions based on the kind of income. Moreover, the choices you listed as benefits in the sole-proprietor case—the RRSP, the TFSA, and capital gains treatment for non-registered investments—all remain open to the owner of a small corporation ... the RRSP to the extent that the owner has received salary to create contribution room. A corporation can even, at some expense, establish a defined benefit (DB) pension plan and exceed individual RRSP contribution limits. Yes, there is a more tax-efficient way for small business owners to benefit when it comes time to retirement. Here is an outline of two things I'm aware of: If your retirement withdrawals from your Canadian small business corporation would constitute withdrawal from the corporation's retained earnings (profits), i.e. income to the corporation that had already been subject to corporate income tax in prior years, then the corporation is able to declare such distributions as dividends and issue you a T5 slip (Statement of Investment Income) instead of a T4 slip (Statement of Remuneration Paid). Dividends received by Canadian residents from Canadian corporations benefit from the Dividend Tax Credit (DTC), which substantially increases the amount of income you can receive without incurring income tax. See TaxTips.ca - Non-eligible (small business) dividend tax credit (DTC). Quote: For a single individual with no income other than taxable Canadian   dividends which are eligible for the small business dividend tax   credit, in 2014 approximately $35,551 [...] could be earned before   any federal* taxes were payable. * Provincial DTCs vary, and so combined federal/provincial maximums vary. See here. If you're wondering about ""non-eligible"" vs. ""eligible"": private small business corporation dividends are generally considered non-eligible for the best DTC benefit—but they get some benefit—while a large public corporation's dividends would generally be considered eligible. Eligible/non-eligible has to do with the corporation's own income tax rates; since Canadian small businesses already get a big tax break that large companies don't enjoy, the DTC for small businesses isn't as good as the DTC for public company dividends. Finally, even if there is hardly any same-year income tax advantage in taking dividends over salary from an active small business corporation (when you factor in both the income tax paid by the corporation and the individual), dividends still allow a business owner to smooth his income over time, which can result in a lower lifetime average tax rate. So you can use your business as a retained earnings piggy bank to spin off dividends that attract less tax than ordinary income. But! ... if you can convince somebody to buy your business from you, then you can benefit from the lifetime capital gains exemption of up to $800,000 on qualifying small business shares. i.e. you can receive up to $800K tax-free on the sale of your small business shares. This lifetime capital gains exemption is a big carrot—designed, I believe, to incentivize Canadian entrepreneurs to develop going-concern businesses that have value beyond their own time in the business. This means building things that would make your business worth buying, e.g. a valued brand or product, a customer base, intellectual property, etc. Of course, there are details and conditions with all of what I described, and I am not an accountant, so please consult a qualified, conflict-free professional if you need advice specific to your situation."
It will be considered 'unused credit'. I have tried it yeas ago. They just report zero usage.
"I'd encourage you to use rules of thumb and back-of-the-envelope. Here are some ideas that could be useful: The problem with any kind of detailed calculations is the number of unknowns: There are some really complex calculators out there, for example see ESPlanner (http://www.esplanner.com/) (caution: horrible user interface, but seemed to work), that will include all kinds of factors and run monte carlo and the whole thing. But in my opinion, it's just as good or better to say save at least 15% of income until you have 25x what you spend, or some other such rule of thumb. Here's my little blog post on savings and investing fwiw: http://blog.ometer.com/2010/11/10/take-risks-in-life-for-savings-choose-a-balanced-fund/ Another note, there's sort of an ""ideology of how to live"" embedded in any retirement recommendation, and you might want to take the time to reflect on that and consciously choose. A book on this topic is Your Money or Your Life by Robin & Dominguez, http://www.amazon.com/Your-Money-Life-Transforming-Relationship/dp/0143115766 which is a sort of radical ""you should save everything possible to achieve financial independence as early as possible"" argument. I didn't go for their plan, but I think it's thought-provoking. A newer book that may be more appealing is called The Number  and it's about your question exactly. It's more designed to get you thinking, while Your Money or Your Life has a particular answer in mind. Both have some math and some rules of thumb, though they aren't focused on that. A kind of general takeaway from these books might be: first think about your expenses. What are you trying to accomplish in life, how would you like to spend your time? And then ask how much money you absolutely need to accomplish that, and focus on accomplishing your goals, spending your time (as much as you can) on what you'd like to spend it on. I'm contrasting this with a generic recommendation to save enough to spend 80% of your income in retirement, which embeds this idea that you should spend as much as possible every year, before and after you retire. Lots of people do like that idea, but it's not a law of the universe or something, it's just one popular approach."
Start with researching in the field of Organizational Behavior, that's the *broad* name of the field you're looking for.    1. This guy on youtube is pretty cool, just don't get sucked in his promotional stuff (take the free stuff) https://www.youtube.com/user/ramitsethi  2. **Read for Robert Greene: Mastery, Seduction, 48 Laws of Power**   3. Maslow Hierarchy of needs   3. Read: How to Win Friends and Influence People      Just for kicks: read: Snakes in Suits: When Psychopaths Go to Work.  Hope this helps.
It sure sounds that way =/  Obviously if you were making decisions about how to better run companies, that sounds amazing. It sounds like a job I could easily be obsessive about, that would be fun to do, and pay extremely well on top of it.  That's why I was hoping PE was like like. But it's clear that it's not really like that at all.
Largely it comes down to the complexity of your return (likely relatively simple if it's your first time filing) and your comfort level with using software. More complex returns would include filing business claims, handling stocks and investments, special return forms, etc.  One benefit to most of the software options out there such as TurboTax, HR Block, and Tax Slayer, are that they are free to use and you only pay when you're ready to file. You could give them a shot to see how easy/difficult they are and if you feel overwhelmed, then contact a CPA (whose time won't be free). Also remember that those HR Block seasonal places that open up are not CPA's, but are temps hired and trained to use the software that you would find online. You didn't indicate they were an option, but I like to point that out to those who might not know otherwise.  My opinion would be to use one of the online options because of cost and their ease of use. They also allow you to take your time and save your progress, so you can start using it and go ask questions/do research on your own time.
There are a lot of forces at play here, one of which is addressed in your second bullet point. Housing, transportation, food, and healthcare are pretty much the staple expenses of a modern day human.  While these expenses all have a range from minimum required to function and luxurious all humans incur these costs.  The lower rung wage earners earn an amount closer to their actual costs than higher earners.  As income scales up these expenses typically also scale up with different lifestyle choices.   There reaches a breaking point though where is so much excess to your income that you begin meaningfully spending on investments; you may also begin to take a meaningful portion of your compensation in securities rather than currency.  In times where the economy is booming, folks who hold assets in securities rather than currency really win.  In 2008 people in that highest rung really took a wealth hit (and probably an income hit).
Investment banks will put out various reports and collect revenues from that along with their banking activity.  I don't read them or care to read them myself.  If banks can make money from something, they will likely do it, especially if it is legal. To take the Tesla stock question for a moment: Aren't you ruling out that yesterday was the day that Tesla was included in the Nasdaq 100 and thus there may be some people today exiting because they tried to cash in on the index funds having to buy the stock and bid it up in a sense?  Or as @littleadv points out there could be those tracking the stocks not in the index that would have been forced to sell for another idea here. The Goldman note is a possible explanation but there could well be more factors in play here such as automated trading systems that seek to take advantage of what could be perceived as arbitrage opportunities. There can be quick judgments made on things which may or may not be true in the end.  After all, who knows exactly what is causing the sell-off.  Is it a bunch of stop orders being triggered?  Is it people actually putting in sell order manually?  Is it something else?  There are lots of questions here where I'm not sure how well one can assign responsibility here.
If they have a document that says they paid sales tax, then you must have a document that says you refunded it. Otherwise, your tax office might find out that you charged sales tax, you have no proof of the refund, so it very much looks like tax evasion. I'd call your tax office to hear what they say about it.
In addition to all the other answers, here is a New Zealand Herald article from earlier this year about second mortgages, confirming that it is both legal and common in New Zealand.  Whether or not it is a good idea in your situation is another question.
"Bingo, great question.  I'm not the original poster, ""otherwiseyep"", but I am in the economics field (I'm a currency analyst for a Forex broker).  I also happen to strongly disagree with his posts on the origin of money.  To answer your question:  the villagers are forced to use the new notes by their government, which demands that their income taxes be paid with the new currency.  This is glossed over by otherwiseyep, which is unfortunate because it misleads people who are new to economics into believing the system of fiat money we have now is natural/emergent (created from the bottom-up) and not enforced from the top-down.  Legal tender laws enforced in each nation's courts mean that all contracts can be settled in the local fiat currency, regardless of whether the receiver of the money wants a different currency.  These laws (and the income tax) create an artificial ""root demand"" for the fiat currency, which is what gives it its value.  We don't just *decide* that green paper has value.  We are forced to accumulate it by the government.  Fiat currencies are not money.  We call them money, but in fact they are credit derivatives.  Let me explain:  A currency's value is inextricably tied to the nation's bond market.  When investors buy a nation's bonds, they are loaning that nation money.  The investor expects to receive interest payments on the bonds.  The interest rate naturally rises as the bonds are perceived to be more-risky, and naturally falls as the bonds are perceived to be less-risky.  The risk comes from the fact that governments sometimes get really close to not being able to pay their interest payments.  They get into so much debt, and their tax-revenue shrinks as their economy worsens.  That drives up the interest rate they must pay when they issue new bonds (ie add debt).  So the value of a currency comes from tax revenue (interest payments).  If a government misses an interest payment, or doesn't fully pay it, the market considers this a ""credit event"" and investors sell their bonds and freak out.  Selling bonds has the effect of driving interest rates even higher, so it's a vicious cycle.  If the government defaults, there's massive deflation because all debt denominated in that currency suddenly skyrockets due to the higher interest rates.  This creates a chain of cascading defaults - one person defaults, which leads another person, and another, and so on.  Everyone was in debt to everyone else, somewhere along the chain.  In order to counteract this deflation (which ultimately leads to the kind of depression you saw in 1930's US), governments will print print print, expanding the credit supply via the banks.  So this is what you see happening today - banks are constantly being bailed out all over the Western world, governments are cutting programs to be able to meet their interest payments, and central banks are expanding credit supplies and bailing out their buddies.  Real money has ZERO counterparty risk.  What is counterparty risk?  It's just the risk that the guy who owes you something won't honor his debt.  Gold and silver and salt and oil aren't IOU's.  So they can be real money."
"&gt; A lot of ""problems"" could be solved with an authoritarian government.   Well, that was stupid.  &gt;We let people decide.  Yep, it's called the authoritarian government we have now. Ther government decides, not you. It boarding autocratic.  &gt; If the debt was an emergency, a truly real here and now problem, it'd be solved.   Not when the money in question is fiat and those who  trade with you understand such and are moving to get away from.  You are a wishful thinker."
"Circa 2002-2005, I was able to successfully ""transfer"" a balance from a debit card linked to a bank account to a Bank of America Visa credit card. As an example, I could say do a balance transfer from the card XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX (which was a valid debit card number) to the credit card, and the funds would appear in the checking account within a few days, and also the balance on the credit card would go up the amount plus any balance transfer fee. I think they've sealed off that loophole years ago."
A quick update for people finding this thread through Google. With the help of a few awesome Bogleheads, I compiled all the relevant research done into two Wiki articles: This includes comparing US to Irish domiciled ETFs, how to calculate tax withholding leakage and estate tax concerns. Hope you find this useful.
"In my opinion the risk is about the lost opportunity cost. You can find a lot of articles about it on the net. In big shortcut opportunity cost takes place each time you have to choose between two or more options and the tradeoff effect have its price. It is defined as value of best alternative solution. Quite good definition from wikipedia is as follows: In microeconomic theory, the opportunity cost of a choice is the value of the best alternative forgone, in a situation in which a choice needs to be made between several mutually exclusive alternatives given limited resources. Assuming the best choice is made, it is the ""cost"" incurred by not enjoying the benefit that would be had by taking the second best choice available Note that opportunity cost is not the sum of the available alternatives when those alternatives are, in turn, mutually exclusive to each other – it is the value of the next best use.  As you probalby think, this situation often happens in financial world, where investors always seek best from their point of view way to invest capital."
Might want to cross-post to /r/financialindependence;  I'm in a similar situation like yours. The problem is that working hard and really hustling it lost a lot of it's primal motivation because the utility of extra money isn't there.   You have to be intrinsically motivated to achieve it, or gain enough satisfaction from the other factors that comes with it (power, ego, etc.). If none of these are super-motivating to you, like it was for me, then you need to find something that is a lot of fun to you, but at the same time still very challenging and the outcome is not certain.   For me it turned out that it was active investing. I can scale it up or down as I please (ie: spend 10 hours on it in a day, then spend no time on it for a day) - there's no employees and no customers, so no schedule I have to keep or person I need to keep happy.   It takes a while to find that, so you just have to give things a go. However, the difference between a hobby and this is that it's A) a challenge and B) you can actually lose. At least for me, that makes it so much more interesting compared to playing computer games, which I also enjoy very much but get bored of if I spend too much time on it.
You can't buy it outright. You can't take the time to save up. if the remaining choice is between a card that charges from day one, and a card with this kind of grace period, the grace card is the better choice. Plan wisely, pay it in full before that rate starts to be charged. One additional note - There are two groups of people, the pay-in-fullers and the balance carriers. I believe that one should pay in full, and never pay interest.  A zero rate offer can be used by the balance carrier to feel great for 12 months, but have even more debt after the rate kicks in.  As a pay-in-full user, I've used the zero rate to throw $20K at the 5.25% mortgage, and planned a refinance to 3.5% just as it ended. a $750 savings (after the tax effect) well worth the bit of effort.  The fees should be in the fine print. My zero rate had a transfer fee, $50 max, which was nothing in comparison to the savings.
No, if you purchase it with all taxes and leins dismissed, in Pa, it usually goes up for sale 3 times before they drop all leins and taxes. Before you purchase the house, check eith sheriff and make sure they are selling with the above dismissed, otherwise, you can get youself in a real mess.
1. Pick hotels/restaurants/bars with your ideal clients.  2. Offer to take/pick up employees to or from work (receptionist/manager/bartender/owner) once a week for free. Anyone who is customer facing can be a great opportunity for your business but try and be smart about this.  3. Build relationships with these people. show them you are kind, courteous, professional, and make it obvious that you speak English well. Smile. This is your opportunity to show them the quality of your service.  4. Ask them for referrals. Give them your business card and make sure there is English on the card. Bring them a snack or a drink the first and second time they send a customer your way.  5. Build stronger relationships with the people who are driving more business to you, and focus your effort on these people. If you get no referrals from someone, then kindly stop giving them free rides.  good luck :)
Get another LLC.  Not that hard and well worth it.  I have one business endeavor but have 3 different LLC's to handle the three different aspects of it.  That way, should something go wrong with one of the three (and it has in the past), I can kill it without hurting the entire operation.  Then start another LLC to take over the aspect of the operation that was killed.
I'm not splitting hairs at all, I'm pointing out that it's impossible to be a globalist in terms of business, and an anti-globalist in terms of government.  A truly anti-globalist government would draw inward, and discourage (or stop) international trade/business, to focus on the domestic economy. That is not what is happening, and in fact, our president and his businesses clearly want to keep reaping the rewards of their international interests. Thus, our president is a globalist.
The pencil, the wheel, fire, electricity  (wasn't invented but founded) wireless capabilities, the telephone the list goes on and on. I'm not trying to convince you to be apart of the governmentless world all I'm saying is there are better was to collect revenue for a government that don't include theft. Why is that such a hard concept for you to grasp?
I once saw Kelly on a Yahoo show and I had no idea who she was. After visiting this website, I now know that she is great personal stylist who is also a talented host. I was also impressed by this particular site on her website: http://www.kellylundberg.co/kelly-lundberg-show-reel/
"About deducting mortgage interest: No, you can not deduct it unless it is qualified mortgage interest. ""Qualified mortgage interest is interest and points you pay on a loan secured by your main home or a second home."" (Tax Topic 505).  According to the IRS, ""if you rent out the residence, you must use it for more than 14 days or more than 10% of the number of days you rent it out, whichever is longer.""  Regarding being taxed on income received from the property, if you claim the foreign tax credit you will not be double taxed. According to the IRS, ""The foreign tax credit intends to reduce the double tax burden that would otherwise arise when foreign source income is taxed by both the United States and the foreign country from which the income is derived.""  (from IRS Topic 856 - Foreign Tax Credit)   About property taxes: From my understanding, these cannot be claimed for the foreign tax credit but can be deducted as business expenses. There are various exceptions and stipulations based on your circumstance, so you need to read the official publications and get professional tax advice. Here's an excerpt from Publication 856 - Foreign Tax Credit for Individuals: ""In most  cases,  only  foreign  income  taxes  qualify for the foreign tax credit. Other taxes, such as foreign real and personal property taxes, do not qualify.  But  you  may  be  able  to  deduct  these other  taxes  even  if  you  claim  the  foreign  tax credit for foreign income taxes. In most cases, you can deduct these other taxes  only  if  they  are  expenses incurred  in  a trade  or  business  or  in  the  production  of  in­come.  However,  you  can  deduct  foreign  real property taxes that are not trade or business ex­penses  as  an  itemized  deduction  on  Sched­ule A (Form 1040)."" Note and disclaimer:  Sources: IRS Tax Topic 505 Interest Expense, IRS Real Estate (Taxes, Mortgage Interest, Points, Other Property Expenses) , IRS Topic 514 Foreign Tax Credit , and Publication 856 Foreign Tax Credit for Individuals"
I think its close proximity to Chicago is what they're banking on.  There's places around here like that, Palm Springs, for example.  It's a few hours from LA and it's basically where people escape for a weekend to do some golfing. I assume they're setting up a similar situation.
"I have absolutely no problem with turning Budweiser into an ""American"" Fosters (I put ""American"" in quotes, because it's basically a foreign owned beer brand now).  ...now, if we could just get America to stop drinking that swill."
Speech-to-text and text-to-speech are not new technologies. I'm not sure why Siri is so terrible at doing both.  Also, it's not value-added to the consumer. Siri is a toy that most people try a few times, then abandon after they realize its just a fancy way to search Google.
"In the sense I mean, ""luck"" is that which didn't come from you that, without which, you would not have been successful in the way that you were.  So, being born in the developed world, for instance, is some ""luck"".  There's also the element of being dependent on an environment existing that you usually are not aware of, but said environment is actually somewhat fragile, and if mistreated, might fall apart on you, making further success therein impossible.  Think of a fish.  Is it ""lucky"" there's an ocean?  Yes, because if the fish pollute it and suddenly the ocean itself is making them sick and preventing them from being successful, it should be counted as ""lucky"" that there's an ocean, and the fish ought to do what's necessary to keep their ocean healthy.  Replace ""fish"" and ""ocean"" with ""person"" and ""economy/society""."
Which I 100% agree with. Opiates are awful horribly addictive substances that are an issue, I'm just saying I don't like the argument that anyone who smokes weed on their time off is a loser. There is a huge divide between opiates and marijuana
Just agreeing with you. Most of our debt is owed to ourselves, and through monetary policy we are much more fortunate than other countries to have these controls. I feel bad for the euro zone where it seems Merkel's politics &gt; European economy... but then again if i was a German I wouldnt want to open my wallet to save a Greek either.
Auto Binary Signals is essentially a flag benefit for double choices dealers. You may have effectively found out about it, cause this flag benefit has been generally publicized on the web. We at QuintUp.com has by and by tried it and discovered amazing outcomes.
Household budgeting is about giving a job to your money before you spend it.  Having it zero-sum means that you've assigned all your money coming in to whatever tasks you've decided align with your financial priorities. That means that if you start with money in the bank, then that money needs to be assigned jobs as well - it's likely that if it's savings, then its job will be to wait around until needed for things like car repair, home repair, vacation, etc.
"In my experience, in a house share situation, it seems to come down to how comfortable the occupants feel and how much of their own space they want.  For example, I've come across lots of situations where someone is renting a room from a live in landlord, but in practice the two housemates (or roommates if you prefer) have equal run of the place and may even share food and hang out together and also the opposite, where people are sharing a property as equals, but tend to stick to their own room and don't share, or even more extreme, where they are technically equals but subject to one or more very domineering housemates (roommates).  This happened to someone I know who was renting with two ""friends"" but was forced to move out.  I run a website - aimed at lodgers and live in landlords, and house sharers to a lesser degree, mostly from the UK, but relevant everywhere as I deal with much more than legalities and tax. I came across this thread as I wanted to explore the difference in the US between a lodger and a roommate.  From what I gather, the term ""lodger"" is understood, but the term ""roommate"" is more typically used to mean a lodger, which in itself suggests a more equal arrangement than in the UK, where we're more used to owning property than renting, and certainly sharing.  However, I believe that if you're letting a room to someone, and they pay you a reasonable rent and respect both you and your home, you should be prepared to treat them as an equal on a day to day basis.  If you're not, then you naturally won't attract either the best rent, or the best lodger/roommate, however desirable the property."
Really no different than the subprime mortgage crisis in a way, you have people who have been given lines of credit that they can just barely afford when things are going well, and then now as soon as business takes a hit for the first time they're up shit creek.  I feel a bit sorry for some of the people caught up in this, I understand that some of these immigrants don't neccesarily have the means to do anything else, and many of them I'm sure don't have the intelligence/education to understand the matter fully (i.e. the 76 year old guy who didn't sell his medallion, dumb move). But at the end of the day you did it to yourself, nobody in this country is forced to take loans at gunpoint.
You put 20% down and already owe the 80% or $80k, so you don't have the ability to borrow $100k or even $20k for that matter. As LittleAdv stated, the banks have really tightened their lending criteria. Borrowing out more than 80% carries a high premium if you can get it at all.  In your example, you want the property to increase in value by at least 10% to borrow $10K.
I wish that I could share the same positivity as you, but aerospace is going (I'm a mechanical engineer btw). Boeing has been our biggest airplane producer and the only company to rival airbus, but their production (and design) is being moved to China. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/lorenthompson/2015/09/23/boeing-to-build-its-first-offshore-plane-factory-in-china-as-ex-im-bank-withers/amp/  What you're talking about with computer tech still being stronger in the US vs China is a common misconception. Though we are a powerhouse worldwide in CS with people all over the world using sites like Facebook and google, China made a smart decision years ago to block these sites and have their own similar sites developed in country. These sites are every bit as powerful and almost as commonly used as their American counterparts.   As far as the language and cultural barriers go this is a barrier that the Chinese are easily and quickly overcoming (just as Korea and Japan had done in the past). China is the biggest international market for consuming American made entertainment and Americans and Europeans are moving in the thousands to China to teach English and teach western customs.(my sister has been teaching English there for the last 3 years)  Finally, the Trump bullshit. I guess you could say you're guess about his lasting effects on our country are as good as mine, but I think we could both agree that they wont be good.
That's fair, but given the calls in this thread for the share price to drop 15% off this, for wells Fargo to be treated as a criminal Enterprise, etc., these are pretty small numbers considering. About a third of a percent of annual profits is not exactly something to call for the share price to tank, and a lack of effective controls is not a reason to define a long-standing business as a criminal enterprise.
I would just ask him plain and simple for a shadow opportunity. Just as you said, he has an open door policy and what better way to show it to his employees. And to really hold him to the policy.   As for what questions to ask it depends on what you want out of life. This person is at a very high level so they obviously know a good bit, or at least how to achieve that level. One thing I'd say to do is to not make all of your questions about business. Mix it up and ask him some personal things like his hobbies, but nothing to personal. Try to build a relationship with him in what time you have and maybe this will lead to further opportunities.
"The value of getting into the landlord business -- or any other business -- depends on circumstances at the time. How much will it cost you to buy the property? How much can you reasonably expect to collect in rent? How easy or difficult is it to find a tenant? Etc. I owned a rental property for about ten years and I lost a bundle of money on it. Things people often don't consider when calculating likely rental income are: There will be times when you have no tenant. Someone moves out and you don't always find a new tenant right away. Maintenance. There's always something that the tenant expects you to fix. Tenants aren't likely to take as good a care of the property as someone who owned it would. And while a homeowner might fix little things himself, like a broken light switch or doorknob, the tenant expects the landlord to fix such things. If you live nearby and have the time and ability to do minor maintenance, this may be no big deal. If you have to call a professional, this can get very expensive very quickly. Like for example, I once had a tenant complain that the water heater wasn't working. I called a plumber. He found that the knob on the water heater was set to ""low"". So he turned it up. He charged me, I think it was $200. I can't really complain about the charge. He had to drive to the property, figure out that that was all the problem was, turn the knob, and then verify that that really solved the problem. Tenants don't always pay the rent on time, or at all. I had several tenants who apparently saw the rent as something optional, to be paid if they had money left over that they couldn't think of anything better to do with. You may get bad tenants who destroy the place. I had one tenant who did $10,000 worth of damage. That include six inches deep of trash all over the house that had to be cleared out, rotting food all over, excrement smeared on walls, holes in the walls, and many things broken. I thought it was disgusting just to have to go in to clean it up, I can't imagine living like that, but whatever. Depending on the laws in your area, it may be very difficult to kick out a bad tenant. In my case, I had to evict two tenants, and it took about three months each time to go through the legal process. On the slip side, the big advantage to owning real estate is that once you pay it off, you own it and can continue to collect rent. And as most currencies in the world are subject to inflation, the rent you can charge will normally go up while your mortgage payments are constant."
In addition to the other answers, which cover the risks of what is essentially leveraged investing, I'd like to point out that the 2.6% penalty is a flat rate. If you are responsible for withholding your own taxes then you are paying tax four times a year. So any underpayment on your first quarterly tax payment will have much more time to accrue in the stock market than your last payment, although each underpayment will be penalized by the 2.6%. It may make sense for someone to make full payments on later payments but underpay on earlier ones.
Math - The half-match is 3% or $3900. After 5 years, $19,500.  If you stay, you are vested, and have $20K (I hope it's actually far more) extra. For you, it's like 2 month's salary bonus after 5 years.  If you leave early, the good news is that even if the expenses within the plan weren't great, you have the money you put in, along with what vested so far. You move that to an IRA and choose your own thrifty funds or ETFs.  For me (as Duff said, there's no one answer, so to be clear, this is my feeling, or preference, not gospel) 6% is far too little to save as a percent of my income. So if the 401(k) fees ran say .8% or higher, I'd put in the 6% to get the potential match, and then save on the side.  Our answers might change slightly depending on the exact fees you're exposed to.
"&gt; No, it's realistic to try...  I disagree.  I think most minimum wage people would better off investing in lottery tickets.  (And I think lotteries should be illegal).  &gt; I'm not 100% on clear on why some new businesses succeed and some fail.  Let me give you some reasons why a minimum wage person will almost certainly fail when trying to start a business:  * No skills -- If they had skills to offer they wouldn't be making minimum wage.  * No product -- Few minimum wage workers are in positions where they are working with a product they have the ability to improve, a-la Eli Whitney.  This means any company they start would need to be selling a skill, not a product, but then see ""No skills"".  * No business savvy -- A business takes a minimum of three diverse skill sets (administration, marketing, product).  Again, ""No skills"".  If this person did have some skills (s)he would still need friends to fill in the gaps.  * No time -- Many people working minimum wage have other responsibilities (kids or second jobs).  They simply do not have the cycles to invest in a new business.  * No starting capital -- Since they work minimum wage they have no money.  With no money they can't afford tools needed to make or provide their product.  The also can't afford to go without a paycheck as the business ramps up.  * Barriers to entry -- Existing companies will defend their customers and protect their market share.  The local store will chase you away if you try to sell lemonade in front.  You would need to buy a storefront or booth but ""No starting capital"".  In addition, any good storefront or booth is already taken by the bigger guys so you're going to get poor traffic in whatever you get.  * Bad information -- There are many companies whose business is to take advantage of low-wage entrepreneurs and push terrible ideas.  These people become disillusioned pushing bad products or getting into multilevel marketing schemes."
As someone who spent the first 20 years of their life living in and around the city (with family working in multiple casinos) I wonder how many of the people commenting here actually have a grasp of what's going on in Atlantic City. While not totally off, the generalizations and explanations from several people who appear to have never set foot in the state -- much less the city -- do not come close to covering what has gone on in Atlantic City for decades.
Couple of thoughts...  Opposition research is valuable to campaigns.  They spend millions of dollars developing it.  So it definitely has value.  I don't believe it has to be cash or equivalents to be illegal.  Foreign governments could just buy air time for candidates.  It's the same thing.  Don Jr may *not* have actually gotten anything of value.   That is uncertain.  No one knows what happened in the room.  He *did* demonstrate an intent to get that thing, and collude in the process.   We don't know, so that's why you investigate.  It's entirely possible that Don Jr tried to collude, but failed.    I also think there's reason for suspicion about the content of the meeting.  First it was about adoption.  Then it was something else (I can't remember the exact timeline of explanations).  If it was innocuous, there would have been one unchanging story.
&gt; If there was, we probably wouldn't be having this conversation.  personally, i haven't been to walmart in probably six years, despite living in cities. i buy my necessities at my grocery store, since i'm already there to buy food. i use amazon a lot. i think the problem of monopoly (i'm using this term loosely - walmart isnt technically a monopoly) will be fixed with cultural improvement. people will become more aware and smarter. people will become richer and care more about a company's human rights record, environmental record, etc. but for now, walmart is a good company. it provides a lot of people with cheap products, which allows them to have a better life and spend money on other things. the main problem IMO is that the govt/fed has caused our economy to self-destruct. so people are eager to get low prices. if the govt were smaller (something i assume you are against), our economy would get better, and poor people would be better off. ron paul and libertarians DO believe their beliefs are best for the poor.
+1.  Most ETFs (namely the passive index-tracking ones) will be taking liquidity via market on close orders, since they absolutely need to be filled.  Active ETFs, which may have more discretion, may be able to provide liquidity during the day based on market conditions and get rebates that way.
I'm suggesting she be displayed and deployed in front of either the Washington Monument or Lincoln Memorial. I'm leaning toward the Lincoln Memorial but I'm open to suggestions from the focus group as well as input from a capable lighting designer. Experience in the horror genre may be useful but not nessesarily required.
"I don't mean to be flippant, but why not try ""titster"" or similar and see if the first three characters are the issue. If it's accepted, than you should ask the bank why they are discriminating against your religious beliefs. If it's rejected, then you know they are going overboard on avoiding certain words."
They are still here, quietly rubber-stamping every single spending increase/tax cut Trump wants.  Just like they did with George W. Bush.  (75% increase in federal spending over 8 years).  Didn't hear those deficit hawks back then either.
Private Mortgage Insurance. It's money that you pay to an insurance company to make the lender whole in the event that you go into default. It's a real waste of money for you. If you are trying to finance more than 80% of the value of a home, a standard mortage is likely to require that you get PMI. Nowadays there are other options which involve paying substantially more interest.
"&gt; “Americans are temporarily embarrassed millionaires in waiting.”  This shit !!! As Romney said: its not about the 1% versus the 99%, it is the 57% of makers (himself alongside struggling middle class) against the 43% takers (those who are the real threat to middle class).  It's not anymore about ""stability"" or ""job security"", but ""making it big"". There is an over-glorification and even idealization of multi-millionaires which is unhealthy, leads to their further exploitation, and inequalities."
People thought they were being responsible by getting their degree in the first place and are unable to find a job afterward. Do you think their lacking the ability to repay huge loans with no income is them being irresponsible?
If you want to play the game of the top escape rooms which has  a great escapist team that always do the different activity for their clients enjoyment. We have fabulous entertaining activities for our clients. Our so many clients are very happy after coming here. You can make the memorable events here with our corporate events in Broward county escape rooms. It may be a happiness proposal for escape rooms Broward County. It is a unique opportunity for  those people who want to make the special party in your budget and major events to entertainment.
In this case it is probably best to have a separate line for each degree, since they were not earned at the same time.  You can probably find some examples by searching around. I am USA based so you might also want to check if there are regional differences in layouts.  My input is based on USA styles.
"He didn't sell in the ""normal"" way that most people think of when they hear the term ""sell."" He engaged in a (perfectly legitimate) technique known as short selling, in which he borrows shares from his broker and sells them immediately. He's betting that the price of the stock will drop so he can buy them back at a lower price to return the borrowed shares back to his broker. He gets to pocket the difference. He had about $37,000 of cash in his account. Since he borrowed ~8400 shares and sold them immediately at $2/share, he got $16,800 in cash and owed his broker 8400 shares. So, his net purchasing power at the time of the short sale was $37,000 + $16,800 - 4800 shares * $2/share. As the price of the stock changes, his purchasing power will change according to this equation. He's allowed to continue to borrow these 8400 shares as long as his purchasing power remains above 0. That is, the broker requires him to have enough cash on hand to buy back all of his borrowed shares at any given moment. If his purchasing power ever goes negative, he'll be subject to a margin call: the broker will make him either deposit cash into his account or close his positions (sell long positions or buy back short positions) until it's positive again. The stock jumped up to $13.85 the next morning before the market opened (during ""before-hours"" trading). His purchasing power at that time was $37,000 + $16,800 - 8400 shares * $13.85/share = -$62,540. Since his purchasing power was negative, he was subject to a margin call. By the time he got out, he had to pay $17.50/share to buy back the 8400 shares that he borrowed, making his purchasing power -$101,600. This $101,600 was money that he borrowed from his broker to buy back the shares to fulfill his margin call. His huge loss was from borrowing shares from his broker. Note that his maximum potential loss is unlimited, since there is no limit to how much a stock can grow. Evidently, he failed to grasp the most important concept of short selling, which is that he's borrowing stock from his broker and he's obligated to give that stock back whenever his broker wants, no matter what it costs him to fulfill that obligation."
"Amway is the quintessential multi-level marketing business. It's the legal equivalent of a pyramid scheme. Basically, you put up a bunch of your own cash (or a little, depending on the current market) and then essentially become a sales force of one for selling their crap. The kick comes in when you realize that there is little money in selling amway products but instead in setting up and recruiting people to do it for you. That's the crux of multi level marketing, you constantly foist the sales work onto other folks and move higher up the ""pyramid.""   Plenty of other companies like Mary Kay, doterra, thirty-one, pampered chef, etc. do this crap."
"&gt;  The Author clearly has no freaking idea what the hell he is talking about.  I have an idea of what's going on.  And my experience comes from earlier in my career, when I acted as an execution trader at several hedge funds.  Rebates are offered by the exchange so that the exchange can make money.  It isn't a public service or some great sacrifice.    Let me tell you how it works:  Somebody at XYZ exchange/bank takes you out for a nice steak dinner.  Then maybe they take you to the strip club.  There may be some blow involved.  If the broker is particularly nice, they'll pay for an experience in the *actual* ""champagne room.""    Then you go back to your desk on Monday, look at the flows you're disbursing to various brokers and exchanges, and make your ""adjustments"" based on how much you enjoy hanging out with the broker/salesperson.  Oh, and of course the ""rebates.""  Which to you barely make a difference, because you're just an execution trader.  You aren't in it to make money.  The analysts don't know what you're doing, and there's a good chance that the PM doesn't, either.   It's easy to do, because tracking ""best execution"" is beyond the comprehension of the SEC.  Oh, if they only knew...and could actually act on it.  But we all know they don't really want to, because almost to a man they're each waiting for their turn at the revolving door that will usher them on to a lucrative private sector career."
Well that will depend on the time frame you are looking at it. You can't compare the RSI on a five minute chart to the RSI on a daily chart. The minute chart would represent the momentum of very small trends whilst the daily chart would represent the momentum of much larger trends. On the daily chart the shares might be experiencing a strong uptrend with a rising RSI. During each day the price might move up at the open then come down some, then back up a bit more and repeat this several times during the day before closing higher. During the day the RSI might have moved slightly higher.  But during a single day on the 5 minute chart the price may have gone through several up and down trends, with the RSI going into oversold and overbought several times. What you should be looking at to strengthen the signal from the RSI is to watch for when the RSI is in the overbought at the same time the price is reaching a peak, or when the RSI is in the oversold at the same time the price is reaching a trout. These could represent potential turning points in price. The time frame to use would depend on the type of trading you are attempting to undertake. If you prefer day trading (being in and out of a trade in minutes to hours) you might look at time frames of minutes to hours. If you prefer longer term position, trend or swing trading you would probably stick to daily charts. If you prefer longer term active investing you might stick to a combination of daily, weekly and monthly charts.
If this is the case then it will never get past the Senate. It requires 67 votes to be approved for ratification. Negotiators know this. Anything that they think will prevent passage by the Senate will not be in the final draft of the agreement. It's not like they can just sneak this past the Senate and the people. They can only keep the negotiations secret, the full agreement will be public and hotly debated well before it would be put to a vote in the Senate.
"Unfortunately too many companies view a Mail in rebate as an unwelcome cost instead of as a customer interaction issue, and it gives the company a bad reputation when someone gets stiffed on the mail in rebate, and it also has basically ruined the concept to a large degree. Many people will simply regard the rebate as worthless and evaluate the product based on the full price - killing what the company wanted to get out of it (Rich Seller hit the nail on the head), which is why you see ""instant rebates"" etc."
Video linked by /u/Alex6373:  Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views :----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------: [Проекты, которые платят! Топ сайты по заработку в интернете! Как быстро заработать деньги](https://youtu.be/OgqbHXWMJIw)|Финансовый Вектор|2017-09-02|0:03:07|0+ (0%)|1  &gt; ¦ Ссылки на регистрации в проектах: | Bitradio:...  ---  [^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/Alex6373 ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&amp;subject=delete\%20comment&amp;message=dmgssaa\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
1. It doesn't have an almost perfect negative correlation - its value decays very fast because of time.  In fact, something like 80% of options expire worthless.  They typically have a lifespan of 30-90 days and unless you're using them as a way to earn excess return, you'll likely just throw away your premium.  2. You're also making some assumptions about correlation and risk/reward.  You won't become wealthy by distributing risk, all you can hope for is less volatility - maybe that's what you're looking for - but you can also expect your return to be less than the market over almost any period of time.  3. Options aren't really for diversifying.  Furthermore, why diversify?  It's a myth that it adds any value.  There's around a 90% correlation for all asset classes since around 2000, so you're being sold some blue sky if someone tells you otherwise.  4. Look up prices of put options.  1-2% of your portfolio might buy you a handful of options, but again, there's a high probability you'll lose that 1-2% entirely every 30-90 days.
IRS Pub 561 says you have to use fair market value.  You cannot simply use a depreciated value. You should attempt to determine what people normally pay for comparable items, and be prepared to defend your determination with evidence in the event of an audit.
As a 20 year old who has just started earning enough to save, I suggest showing them the different types of lifestyles they could live in the future if they started saving now versus what their life would be like if they didn't save at all. Try showing them actual dollar values as well so it's not just an arbitrary idea.
"I haven't dealt with this kind of thing in any way, but I found some quotes from IRS publications which I think are relevant and hopefully help. Your scenario sounds to me like a Qualified Tuition Reduction as described in Publication 970 Tax Benefits for Education. It appears the rules are different for graduate study as opposed to pre-graduate work, though I don't see anything about any dollar amount limit. There are various requirements and exceptions, so hopefully reading through that section of the publication can help you understand whether the benefit is supposed to be taxable. If taxable, it should show up on your W-2 like any other income: Any tuition reduction that is taxable should be included as wages on your Form W-2, box 1. Report the amount from Form W-2, box 1, on line 7 (Form 1040 or Form 1040A) or line 1 (Form 1040EZ).  It doesn't appear that there is any special designation or box for the tuition reduction as opposed to ""normal"" work, it just is income that's been earned like any other. If you need guidance on how much of the income is for ""normal"" work and how much is for the tuition reduction, you probably need to see if you can figure it out from her pay stubs, or contact the university's HR department. Well, looking through the credits I see in Publication 970, there appear to be two possible credits: The ""American opportunity credit"" section, under ""No double benefit allowed"", says things like (my emphasis added): You can't do any of the following.  ⋮ My understanding from reading through the section is that expenses are only excluded if they were tax-free, so that there can't be a double-dipping of benefits. If they're included as taxable income, I think they would count under your second interpretation, that the employer paid them like any other income, and your wife spent them as educational expenses just like other students, and they would qualify for educational credits. In fact, it explicitly states: Don't reduce qualified education expenses by amounts paid with funds the student receives as: Which sure sounds to me that anything that counts as W-2 Box 1 ""Wages"" would be payments received that then the expenses were logically paid separately from. The other credit, the ""Lifetime Learning Credit"", appears to use identical language (No double benefits; and don't reduce by wages). Obviously this is just from my looking through Publication 970; there may be more nuances here and for ""real"" advice you may want to speak more to the university HR department (who perhaps have dealt with this before) and/or a real tax advisor. You might also see if you can get any sort of a ""receipt"" or even a Form 1098-T from the university of what amount was paid on your wife's behalf, to help document it is truly that she was just paid more wages and spent them on classes as far as tax law is concerned."
"can you expand on what some of these opportunities have been? Unless you are possibly in sales, I can't think of anything other than the obvious ""network your way into a better job"" opportunities. It sounds like you are referring to something completely different, though."
"Is any article painting a company's policies in a positive light by difinition a ""spin piece""? Costco has been paying their employees more than their competitors for ages as it leads to better productivity and less turnover. Try looking at the world in a less cynical light, you'll be happier for it."
"JoeTaxpayer nailed it.  Here's another way to look at it: Generally, we invest in something, then might leave it there for a few years, then take it out, but don't touch it in between.  In that case, to get the final amount X(N), we need to take the initial amount, then multiply by growth in the first year, then multiply by growth in the second year, etc. So, for three years, we have: X(3) = X(0) * G(1) * G(2) * G(3) = X(0) * ""average annual growth"" ^ 3 So, here, we see that we want the average annual growth to the power three equal to the product of the annual growth rates, thus, geometric mean: geometric mean = (G(1) * G(2) * G(3)) ^ (1/3) On the other hand, consider a situation where I have three investments X,Y,Z over one year. Now I have, after one year: X(1)+Y(1)+Z(1) = X(0)*G(1,X) + Y(0)*G(1,Y) + Z(0)*G(1,Z) = ( X(0)+Y(0)+Z(0) ) * ""average annual growth"" Now, in this case, if we assume X(0) = Y(0) = Z(0) = 1, i.e. I put equal amounts in each, we see that the average annual growth rate we want in this case is the arithmetic mean: arithmetic mean = (G(1,X) + G(1,Y) + G(1,Z)) / 3 (if we had unequal amounts at the beginning, it would be a weighted average). TL;DR:"
A few things you might run into:
Banks want to be paid back, and if you don't, then want to be able to sell your property for enough money to cover what you didn't pay back. Your credit rating will determine the interest rate you pay, and this affects how much you can borrow because a higher interest rate means that you can borrow less on the same terms than you could with a lower interest rate. Paying 50% down will bring your payment way down, of course, and will improve everything about your loan (debt to income ratio, debt to equity) but you'll likely still be charged the higher interest rate based on your credit rating. This, of course, is contingent on the property's value appraising properly.
"Most articles on investing recommend that investors that are just starting out to invest in index stock or bonds funds.  This is the easiest way to get rolling and limit risk by investing in bonds and stocks, and not either one of the asset classes alone.   When you start to look deeper into investing there are so many options: Small Cap, Large Cap, technical analysis, fundamental analysis, option strategies, and on and on.  This can end up being a full time job or chewing into a lot of personal time.  It is a great challenge to learn various investment strategies frankly for the average person that works full time it is a huge effort.  I would recommend also reading ""The Intelligent Asset Allocator"" to get a wider perspective on how asset allocation can help grow a portfolio and reduce risk.  This book covers a simple process."
I didn't say it *is* common but that it's getting so. The job market is brutal so people are looking for everything to get an advantage thus we're seeing the classic devaluation by commonality. A CFA will be worth less going forward just given the sheer number of people who seem to be studying/taking at least level I.
There are millions of websites available on the Internet but only a few stand-out and build their reputation in the online world. The overall design, look and feel of the website has a major role to play in this. Intelligent designs involve many other aspects than just creativity.
What's your background? Or what is it that gives you the impression that those things are not meaningful?  It just seems like a bizarre thing to say to me and I'm trying to see if we have just different backgrounds or if there's something else at play to account for our clearly different perspectives.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/utricksblog] [Fastest trains in Africa reportedly set to be shipped to Nigeria from China (photos) .](https://np.reddit.com/r/UtricksBlog/comments/70psd5/fastest_trains_in_africa_reportedly_set_to_be/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
What's crazy is that you hear a lot (comparatively so) about energy buyers and sellers, but not about the actual distributors. Its like being the stooge for the middle man. You think you are going to make good money, but its nothing compared to the big guy.
Proper packaging is vital for delivering the products safely to the customer. On the other hand, going overboard on the packaging heightens the overall cost of the product, which may draw the customer away. So, it is essential to find the most secure but cost-effective boxes and packaging for your goods.
It depends.  If you accept the offer, then your stock will cease existing.  If you reject the offer, then you will become a minority shareholder.  Depending on the circumstances, you could be in the case where it becomes illegal to trade your shares.  That can happen if the firm ceases to be a public company.  In that case, you would discount the cash flows of future dividends to determine worth because there would be no market for it. If the firm remained public and also was listed for trading, then you could sell your shares although the terms and conditions in the market would depend on how the controlling firm managed the original firm.
I think you should consult a professional with experience in 83(b) election and dealing with the problems associated with that. The cost of the mistake can be huge, and you better make sure everything is done properly. For starters, I would look at the copy of the letter you sent to verify that you didn't write the year wrong. I know you checked it twice, but check again. Tax advisers can call a dedicated IRS help line for practitioners where someone may be able to provide more information (with your power of attorney on file), and they can also request the copy of the original letter you've sent to verify it is correct. In any case, you must attach the copy of the letter you sent to your 2014 tax return (as this is a requirement for the election to be valid).
I don't know much about the convertible debt space, but it seems like this regulation may be a positive sign that the government is being proactive in preventing financial institutions from developing overly complex debt structures (at least on an on-going basis) that get the global economy back into trouble.  Does anyone with a more informed opinion than my own have something to share?
"What's funny is this scam was like a plot the villains used in some American comedy movie about politicians I can't remember the name of. They were trying to bring entire factories of Chinese people here to work. Made a big joke out of it saying they called it ""insourcing"". Funny that it's actually a reality that has already destroyed wages for construction workers, and IT."
"I hate ""10% of the difference"" idea. It's only real value is in words, for example:  BB has a TV for 599. Newegg has it for 579. Best Buy matches, takes 10% of the difference off, and you pay $577 + tax. Still not cheaper :/"
To be clear, the fed or the poll didn't say the economy got worse.  And it certainly didn't say that QE caused the weak economy.  It's just a survey of opinion.  And since it's the first one we don't know if people's opinion is getting better or worse.
Whirlpool Refrigerator Service Center in Hyderabad.LG, GODREJ, VIDEOCON Gas Refilling Cooling Compressor Ice Problem Best Home appliance service center in Hyderabad.our service center guys will provide you one stop service purpose for all of your electronic Best Home appliances. Whirlpool Refrigerator service center in Hyderabad is the best service good service center in Hyderabad just call our phone numbers 040-60506610,60506611,60506622
The best thing about online dating sites is that you can easily meet your match online without much difficulty. Getting to know people online is easy and fun! There are many ways you can search: from age, religion, personality, character, online preferences, various fetishes, adult requirements and much more. With localtemptation, anything is possible.
Problems with your plan (in no particular order) there is a limit, once they have decided that you have enough credit they won't offer any more. If the economy changes (like it did in 2008) they can reduce the limit on existing accounts. If you don't use them, they may decide to close them. Using existing cards will encourage the bank to increase the limit on that card. opening cards can make some lenders nervous. Having a new card close to when you are applying for a mortgage or a car loan can make them less likely to lend you the max. You have to decide: Are you trying to buildup your credit limit? or your credit score?
yes you can open bank account you should have a address in us and personally visit bank to deposite $1500 only to get you a debit card.you are required to maintain min balance of $1500 only. I have done it
His credit is likely impacted already for the fact it's in collection. My real concern is that he be 100% certain the debt collector actually has ownership of the debt. At first glance this sounds like it may be a scam, but if the debt was written off, it may have been sold for pennies on the dollar. So to the collector 20% of face value is a tidy profit.
Hmm...this keeps happening, big numbers to you and I - but not so big as a deterrent or anything to stop them in the future. People in China and other countries will lie cheat and steal to move forward and get death sentences, does anyone really think a fraction of the profits fine will change anything?
"I think this gets at why some of us are becoming concerned about the volume (or more importantly the portion) of HFT in capital markets these days. You have algos trading based on ""technical trends"" which are increasingly just the behavior of other algos. Rinse and repeat. At a certain point it just becomes a feedback loop.  Now, I agree that there's no reason to be scared of HFT simply because its new or fast, which is what I think threatens a lot of people. But the problem is that the economic and social utility of markets arises from their being information aggregation engines. If it gets to the point where most of the price action is driven by algos which are trading solely based on a few minutes of technical data, no new information is being contributed to the price discovery process.   Now, it may be that a certain amount of ""meta-information"" can be discovered from pattern analysis of short term technical history. But it seems to me this information is more limited in both quality and quantity compared to the information inputs of thoughtful humans acting on a reasoned analysis of economic and other world events."
I tried automation and it didn't work as well. Automation is great if you want to sell or buy when a stock drops or rises; however, automation is terrible for day trading. Specifically because it is impossible to automate a program to scan every news feed. Even then, automation is only if you want to be the effect of a rise or drop in the market. A stock rises or drops and you sell or buy. The problem that arises is that it is nearly impossible to make money off of automating trades. You need to buy the stock before it rises and sell it before it drops. There is no way any program will ever be able to do that accurately.
For cross-border transactions like this you should really take advice from an accountant or lawyer who specialises in them, because there may be tax treaties between the two that complicate the situation. However, in general borrowing money doesn't have tax implications in itself, and there's no limit as such. You do need to consider the following points: If this is zero or less than you could plausibly get commercially, your friend is effectively giving you the difference between the interest rates. If your friend in Korea has a connection to the US she or he may be subject to the gift tax. In practice this only matters if the total amount of gifts they give to anyone over their lifetime plus the size of their estate over their lifetime is large. Non US-persons are exempt though if the amounts are large enough they may need to be reported. Financial institutions are generally required to report large international transactions (typical thresholds are around $10,000) for scrutiny by the government, in case the transaction is related to something illegal. This shouldn't be a problem in itself but you should be aware it'll happen. It shouldn't make any difference how you transfer the money, but it would be wise to get as much documentation as possible in case of later questions. The best place to get further advice would be the US bank you'll be transferring the money into initially. This is really a question for a lawyer given the cross-border nature of the transaction, but you and your friend should sign a contract specifying how and when the loan will be repaid. Your friend should also consider setting up the loan as a mortgage and taking a charge on your home. Even if your friend trusts you, a charge on the home will protect him or her in the event of you having financial problems and another creditor laying claim to the home.
"You need to hire a tax professional and have them sort it out for you properly and advise you on how to proceed next. Don't do it yourself, you're way past the stage when you could. You're out of compliance, and you're right - there are penalties that a professional might know how to mitigate, and maybe even negotiate a waiver with the IRS, depending on the circumstances of the case. Be careful of answers like ""you don't need to pay anything"" that are based on nothing of facts. Based on what you said in the question and in the comments, it actually sounds like you do have to pay something, and you're in trouble with the IRS already. It might be that you misunderstood something in the past (e.g.: you said the business had filed taxes before, but in fact that might never happened and you're confusing ""business filed taxes"" with ""I filed schedule C"") or it might be the actual factual representation of things (you did in fact filed a tax return for your business with the IRS, either form 1120 of some kind or 1065). In any case a good licensed (CPA or EA) professional will help you sort it out and educate you on what you need to do in the future."
As a general rule of thumb, age and resiliency of your profession (in terms of high and stable wages) in most cases imply that you have the ABILITY to accept higher than average level of risk by investing in stocks (rather than bonds) in search for capital appreciation (rather than income), simply because you have more time to offset any losses, should you have any, and make capital gains. Dividend yield is mostly sough after by people at or near retirement who need to have some cash inflows but cannot accept high risk of equity investments (hence low risk dividend stocks and greater allocation to bonds). Since you accept passive investment approach, you could consider investing in Target Date Funds (TDFs), which re-allocate assets (roughly, from higher- to lower-risk) gradually as the fund approaches it target, which for you could be your retirement age, or even beyond. Also, why are you so hesitant to consider taking professional advice from a financial adviser?
"Did you actually read the links? One said ""Our car amassed quite the repair résumé during the last 17 months."" and the other was titled ""Consumer Reports' Tesla Model S has more than its share of problems"". Edmunds and Consumer Reports are pretty well recognized companies."
"It is definitely legal, however none of such expenses will be allowed as a tax deduction for the corporation. Basically, you'll end up paying more to maintain the entity and pay taxes on its income (the rent you're paying to yourself as a corporation) at corporate rates, for no apparent benefit. Being the director/executive in the corporation will make you liable for whatever the corporation is liable, so liability isn't going away. The reason corporation is considered ""limited liability"" for owners is because shareholders are shielded from the corporate liability. Not directors or executives (which are explicitly not shielded)."
"The monthly bill should reduce as required by Loan A no longer requiring payment. This will occur only when Loan A is fully payed off, not before. If you're going to do this, make sure you tell them that any extra money is principal reduction, and not ""prepayment""  Lets say you do pay off loan A, and you continue to pay $11 a month.  If you specify ""principle reduction"" for the $1 extra, they must reduce the loan balance by $1.  If you do not specify, or you specify ""prepayment"", they ""may"" apply $0.20 to principal reduction and $0.80 to interest."
It's still tax-deferred savings, unless the fees are terrible it's going to be better than investments that aren't tax deferred.
"This popped up on /r/health recently.    One thing that I'd point out:  the assertions that you'll suffer just as much from slow diets as crash ones are speculative; toward the end of the article, it notes that ""Proietto is now conducting a study using a slower weight-loss method and following dieters for three years instead of one.""  Obviously, n=1, but it doesn't jibe with my experience.  I got fat.  Didn't like it.  I started eating a diet where I would lose weight slowly and exercising a little more.  Now I'm not fat.  I eat a quantity of food pretty much commensurate with my caloric expenditure, I don't spend my days starving and thinking constantly about food, and enjoy exercising regularly.  This effect if it exists is definitely not universal."
It's always sad for the employees, a lot of them have been working there for years.        Liquidation sales are also a nightmare.  Lots of employees are leaving because they found another job and the ones left are stuck with all the mess.  I wish them good luck!
Mindfulness is the psychological process for freshens the mind and beat the anxiety and depression .It is the form of meditation which provided for the depressed and mentally disturbed person. Enlightened Buddha provides you course of mindfulness for refreshing your mind and solve your mentally problem. By this change your perspective and thought and increase your capability for making decision.
Certainly some channels like History (tbf it was always a little crappy) and Discovery turned to total crap but stations like FX and AMC went from showing shitty 80's movies to producing some of the best original shows of all time.   Sci-fi has gone mostly shit, but it still does sci-fi original programming.   Really, DVDs, DVR and Netflix have ruined rerun value. Networks can only make money on new stuff. So they show shit most of the time, and go to good stuff of a couple hours a week.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [Here's Walmart's Latest Attempt at Making Life Easier and Getting You Off Amazon](https://np.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/77zn6v/heres_walmarts_latest_attempt_at_making_life/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
Disclosure - I love Jack Bogle. Jack basically invented the index fund, and as a result, let the common investor have an opportunity to choose a long term return of (S&P-.05%) instead of losing nearly 2% that many funds in that day charged. The use of index investing has saved investors many billions of dollars.  The 1% round trip, total cost to buy/sell, was common. Fees for trading have since dropped. I happen to use Schwab who charges $9 for a trade. On $100,000, this is not .5% ($500) but less than .01%. I think it's safe to say that billion dollar mutual funds are paying even less for trades that I do. I believe Jack's example here is a combination of old data and hyperbole.  The cost is not so much for the trades, per se, but for the people managing the fund. An index fund has a manager of course, but it's pretty much run by a computer.
Technical analysis is insufficient. You're halfway to figuring it out if you start to question why a 50 day moving average vs 200 vs 173. Invest in companies that are attractively valued vs. their sales/growth/divends/anythingelsereal
There is a company that will sell you single paper shares of stock for many companies and handle framing. But you pay a large premium over the stock price. Disney stopped doing paper share certificates a while ago, but you should be able to buy some of the old ones on eBay if you want.
"&gt; Why do people act as if the minimum wage was created for high school students who are working part time?   I don't know. The minimum wage was created to protect unions from cheaper labor undercutting their monopoly on labor.  &gt;“No business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country...By living wages, I mean more than a bare subsistence level — I mean the wages of a decent living.” - FDR  ""Round up the people with the slanty eyes and yellow skin and put them in internment camps."" -FDR"
i would just google it and shit like that. How did you even get this interview and you have no idea what its about. I would kill for an opportunity like this and i would be scavenging the internet looking up all kinds of information about this position.
I have a basic template for creating a balance sheet, cashflow statement and P&amp;L.   From here you can put in your assumptions, and expenses, then plug in your forecasted revenue (which you need to create on a separate spreadsheet. Would something like this help?
I think there is some confusion. I am saying I don’t understand. Not that “the point is not understandable”. I make these comments in hopes that someone can educate me. Yet I’m downvoted and criticized and receive none of the info I was curious about. Is there a sub that discusses economics as opposed to shouting down people that have questions as having bad logic?  Could you help me phrase my lack of understanding in a way that conforms to the expected decorum on this subreddit?
I'm on chapter 6 now. And I know for sure I need to study 1-4 the most. All the other chapters are coming to me easily since I work in a broker dealer back office processing most of this stuff.... I'll make sure to go through all the Q bank questions and practice questions, quizzes...etc.. thanks
No I am a technology consultant.  I have a serious beef with Facebook. It's a closed system, meaning you have to sign up for an account to view content on it, and every time a business uses Facebook what they're really doing is advertising facebook for free. Which is not how it should be done.  I always tell people that social media should be used to funnel visitors to their business and not the other way around.
Why not yet phone up the old bank, or log onto the internet banking and do a transfer to the new account.    You may first need to transfer from the saving account to a current account with the same bank.  (I have never had a problem doing this, but I do live in the UK)
&gt; How would you value a bond?  Very basic approach is TVM.  This should have been taught in your first year accounting class.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_value_of_money  &gt; How do you value an option? Using the Black–Scholes options pricing model.  BS opt pricing model is one (typically the entry level for teaching option pricing) stochastic model you can use.  It has limitations due to certain assumptions made (such as constant vol) but you're correct, you can value an option with it.  &gt; How would you construct a yield curve? Draw a graph with maturity on the X-axis and yield on the Y-axis.  So that's how to draw an xy plane... yes you're correct.  That doesn't answer how to actually create a yield curve.  The most simplest approach of creating one is to bootstrap the curve using the spot and forwards.
Economies of scale and supply chain efficiencies.  Amazon has an absurd supply chain, their whole bet here is that (a) they can integrate their grocery business with the rest of their consumer services IT infrastructure to basically create a one-stop shop for everything and (b) they can use their logistics to cut prices dramatically relative to competitors.
You lose your job your pension your way of life so you can go buy shit at Wal-Mart made by communist Chinese slave labor and save $50 a month while you get the new job at minimum wage as a greeter - hey Wal-Mart FUCK YOU!!!
All investors of equal standing get the same proportion of the net assets on bankruptcy but not all shareholders are of equal standing. In general, once all liabilities are covered, bond holders are paid first as that type of investment is company debt, then preferred stock holders are paid out and then common shareholders. This is the reason why preferred stock is usually cheaper - it is less risky as it has a higher claim to assets and therefore commands a lower risk premium. The exact payout schedule is very corporation dependent so needs research on a per firm basis.
It's hard to trust a reporter who exaggerates such basic facts.  Assuming it's correct to use the $800 billion figure, why not just use that instead of bloating the number up to $3.7 trillion?  Like you said, if the bigger picture issue here is not $800 billion vs. 3.7 trillion, why lie about it?  The end result is that while something corrupt did happen with the banks involvement in the bond market, the public isn't getting truthful information about it either way.  Taibbi is doing a disservice to the public by lying, because of the huge amount of disinformation, and insincerity coming from all sides of the issue, the public has no one to trust to give them credible information, and so the issue gets ignored.
I would attempt to argue with you, but you are so far gone there is probably very little hope I have the years left in me to get you informed. Sorry, but you are lost in an Oligarchy propaganda machine that is way too powerful for me to overcome. I am very sorry for you, but I just have to give up on you.
Somewhat of a false dichotomy..  While it's obvious that a long term solution to get people off the welfare rolls is preferred, in the mean time giving a man a fish will prevent him from, you know, starving to death..   There's a very real human component to poverty that is frequently missed when budget discussions come up.
You want the net expense of the surcharge minus the rewards to be no more than the interest that you would pay otherwise.   Where t is the compounding period for the rate D expressed as a fraction of the overall period for D.  So if D is an annual rate (not the APR, the simple rate), it would be expressed as something like 1/365 if compounded daily.  That is the number of years in the compounding period.  If a monthly rate or weekly compounding, that would change.   And p is the number of such time periods in the grace period.  So if the grace period were one month, this might be 30.   Other variables are as used in the question, all expressed as percentages (which is why I'm dividing by 100).  The D rate should be the simple rate, like 6% not the APR of 6.24% or whatever.   Note that I'm saying <=.  When equal, there is no financial advantage or disadvantage.  You could choose either method for the same cost.  Now, one method may be more annoying to implement, in which case you might add a fee for it on one side or the other of the equation.  Or simply change the less than or equal to be just less than.   I may be missing something that you should consider but I don't know.  The problem is generic enough that pertinent details might be hidden.  But hopefully this at least gives you a framework under which to consider it.
I am 17 and currently have a loan out for a car. My parents also have terrible credit, and because I knew this I was able to get around it. Your co-signer on your loan does not have to be your parent, at least in Wisconsin, I used my grandmother, who has excellent credit, as my cosigner. With my loan, we had made it so it doesn't hurt her credit if I don't get my payments in on time, maybe this is something for you to look into.
You can view certain US economic data with FRED Graph or download the data to play with FRED download. Here is some example tax data:
You're not wrong, and I was somewhat disappointed by how the case played out. But what I was getting at was that maybe it's posted here because of the case's context. I heard on the news he was charged with 8 things but only convicted of 3. I can't say I know what the other 5 were. (I'd look them up but can't right now because of circumstances) I might be on a wild goose chase there but I want to find out later.
To a mortgage lender, it appears that you have a temporary contract (perhaps extending for nine more months) with a agency that supplies workers to companies that need temporary help. You have been placed currently with a company and are making good money, but that job might disappear soon and then you will have no income while your recruiter tries to find you another assignment. How will you make your mortgage payments then? The recruiter agency's contract with your current company probably has clauses to the effect that the company agrees to not offer you a permanent job unless it pays a head-hunter's fee to the recruiter agency.  Your contract with the recruiter agency also likely has clauses to the effect that if the company where you have been placed offers you a permanent job,  you  must pay the recruiter company a fee (typically one or two months  of salary) to the recruiter agency as compensation for releasing you  from your current contract (unless the company hiring you pays the head-hunter's fee).  This is why the company where you are working right now wants to wait until after your contract with the recruiter company ends before making you an offer of permanent employment. Be aware that sometimes such clauses extend out to three months after the ending date of your contract with the recruiter company. As far as the condo is concerned, unless there is a specific one that you absolutely must have because it has an ocean view or other desirable properties, you may well find that another condo in the same complex is available some months from now.  If you are lucky, it may well have an acceptable ocean view. If you are even luckier, it may be the condo that you absolutely must have which has remained unsold all that time -- as you said, the economy is crappy -- and you will be able to buy it for a lower price from an owner getting desperate to make a sale. To answer your question: is there any way around this? My recommendation is to simply wait out the end of your recruiter agency contract and get a permanent job with the company where you have been placed.  Then there are no issues. If not, get your company to make a written offer of a  permanent job starting nine months from now and hope that this (together with your current employment) impresses your bank into lending you money. This might not work, though.  In the early 1970s, one of my friends was offered a job at a large aerospace company which lost a major contract in the interim period between offer and joining. My friend showed up for work on the day he was supposed to start, and instead of being processed through HR etc, his job was terminated on the spot, he was paid one day's salary, and shown the door.  Times were crappy then too. If this does not work, get your company to offer you a permanent job right away, pay off the recruiter  company yourself, and then go to the bank.
this piece offers a step-by-step guide you can use to get rid of errors in your annual credit report. it also tackles pointers you should always remember when writing a credit dispute letter. please tell your friends about it so that they might read it too!
I believe different banks have slightly different experiences.  My wife and I have both joint and individual accounts. When I sign in, I see Joint, Mortgage and Joe. When She logs in, she sees Joint, Mortgage, and Jane. It happens that the Mortgage and Joint accounts have her Social Security number attached. Aside from that, I don't feel like I am an afterthought.
I'm a debt guy, hence the bias, I guess ;)  Kitchenace's answer is relevant.  As for considering alternatives in a given situation, it sometimes happen. M&amp;amp;A is often done through a combination of equity and debt for example.   Mostly, issuing equity dilutes control and potential dividend returns, while debt pushes your interest charges up and adds pressure to delever or refinance later. Balancing the two will depend on the company's intentions, it's capacities (servicing debt requires a more stable cash flow generation capacity, while equity is more rewarded by strong growth potential) and a host of other factors.
"What's your take on that website? I find it to be somewhat grating. There are some nice people who want to work together and help others to get a good job, but I feel as though they are massively outnumbered by extremely aggressive jerks. You look at posts that say ""I go to HYP, 4.0 GPA and student body president. Do I have a shot at BB?"" and the replies are mostly ""nah bro, give up now"" and ""some people just weren't meant to be alpha"" and bullshit like that. I also feel like the blog posts give vague, conflicting information. I feel like I get very mixed messages  on things like resume formatting and networking from that site."
People should come before profits. Allowing corporations to run fuck-all operations with profits being their sole concern is why our world is so needlessly horrible. It's possible to care about the planet and people while still making money. The system has just been rigged towards the Corporatocracy.
I want to mention I've found 2 options for more powerful tools that can be used to manage asset allocation:  Advantages/Disadvantages: Vanguard Morningstar X-ray I hope this helps others struggling with asset allocation.
I didn't like it very much, because he's confusing money with credit. Money is accumulated work, not debt.  Suppose the farmer has apples and wants meat, but the hunter doesn't want apples. The farmer exchanges some apples for the miner's gold and barters that gold for the hunter's meat.  All three of them have already worked to produce what they have. There's no debt involved, only the accumulated product of work.  An economy cannot function on credit alone. The existence of accumulated work that somebody did before is essential for the existence of credit.  Suppose the farmer promises a bushel of apples to the hunter and the hunter promises to get a deer for the farmer. Now the farmer needs a barrel to collect the apples and he promises to give some apples to the cooper. The cooper promises to make the barrel for the farmer.  All we have up to this point are promises, but no one has done any work yet. Things won't start happening until the cooper does the work needed to make a barrel.   The economy functions on work, not promises. The farmer may promise a million bushels of apples and the hunter may promise a million deer, but that's just fantasy.  Now suppose the cooper dies. The farmer will have to get barrels from the neighboring town, so now he must give some apples to the carter who brings the barrel. The hunter will not get his full bushel of apples, he's experiencing inflation, the cost of apples has gone up.  No matter what the farmer and the hunter promise to each other, the fact remains that the barrels must be brought from the other town.  Economists like Paul Krugman seem to believe that everything can be fixed by increasing demand, but they totally ignore the costs of production. There exists plenty of demand in the US economy right now, but the cooper has died, the barrels must be brought from China.
Is there any instance in which a large company whose corporate bonds are investment grade, find it more attractive to take out a bank loan to raise finance rather than underwrite bonds?   To my knowledge (I’m a first year at university so I’m not 100% sure) bonds are comparatively cheaper (lower effective interest rate), does not have the same caveats and regulations involved with usage of the loan (I.e. no need to buy insurance) and allow them to raise far more than most banks would be willing to risk (I know loan syndication exists but it’s still rare to my knowledge).   Why would a such a company have ANY bank loan debt whatsoever if issuing bonds are objectively better? The only one I can fathom is if the loan is so incredibly small that It’s more time consuming to underwrite bonds but 1.) I don’t know if that’s the case, 2.) Why would a large company do this if they could simply pay out less dividends and reinvest a slightly larger portion of profits?
Hang on... $963,100,000 revenue in US book sales, divided by 313,000,000 population gives... $3.07 spent per American per year on books, audiobooks and ebooks.   Somethings not right, these figures are clearly incorrect - and this IS meant to be entire consumption, not a sample.
"I don't think it really matters, my understanding is that as a sole trader there is no distinction between your personal and business tax affairs. The distinction between your personal and business account is mainly for your own personal benefit to make it easier to differentiate between ""wages"" and retained earnings. If you want to maintain this distinction with regard to tax then you need to somehow differentiate between tax paid on your ""wage"" and tax paid on retained earnings. You could then either make two payments, or pay from either and transfer the difference from the other. Either way, it's just a matter of perspective rather than something with a physical difference."
“First mover Advantage doesn’t go to the company that starts up, it goes to the company that scales up.” - Reid Hoffman  It's also important to note that for companies that copy a business that has a strong local component, like SpotHero, AirBnB, Uber, etc it's more of an operations game than winner takes all.  I think the general rule of thumb is that it's not always best to be first to market, as new competitors can let you take the majority of the risk, demonstrate that there is a market and strategically enter the market as a new entrant.   For example;  Friendster &gt; MySpace &gt; Facebook  Zimride &gt; Lyft &gt; Uber
Try to use VOIP service provider or web enabled conference calling services in your home phone. Now a days communication technologies have seen a boost as well as integration of different formats and platforms which easily reduces phone bills of a user.  Service such as UberConference, Skype, Webinar etc enables audio/video as well as web conferencing feature for their user.  Service tiers such as free plans, basic plans and business plans allow user to use these conference calling services per their need. Have a look at any such service and use it as an alternative of your home phone line.
Look for mileage costs, insurance, depreciation, maintenance and other costs make up the  total cost of ownership. I used consumer reports for this information.  There was a great article about how much it cost to drive different models including all that math. http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/cars/car-prices/what-that-car-really-costs-to-own-4-08/overview/what-that-car-really-costs-to-own-ov.htm
That's just means you don't realize the underlying principles behind the crazy gains. 1000% based mostly on 40% inflation since 2000. Imagine how much more it will go up.   I realize you don't have a concept of gold as money but it has really been an experiment since Nixon of dollars not backed by gold. That's 30 someodd years to say something is obsolete that has been used for thousands of years. Gold is not the horse and buggy.
I don't think retail cares so much about being taken for a few bps here and there, but more so about the insane volatility that is the new normal in markets. This vol., which in many cases can be tracked back to HFT, has had a negative feedback loop that resulted in lower volumes across the board.  I don't think retail cares about a few bps here and there, but if the entire system is based on trust in market efficiency, and computers make them less efficient by purposefully manipulating the system, retail might just not chose to play any more.  Think of it like baseball vs. football.  Football has salary caps, and, as such, all teams have a fair shot at winning every year, baseball doesn't, and a few teams with the biggest budgets consistently win year over year. Yeah, it's great if you're a Yankees, Red Sox, Giants or Phillies fan, but many other cities in the country don't care about baseball much anymore and favor football. Look at viewership stats by market over time. HFT is the same way, it's great if you have the money to compete in that system, but by destroying the integrity of the system itself, many participants just stop caring as much and go elsewhere...
i fail to see how it's morally reprehensible at all.  LEGOs are *toys* - if they were getting marketed to 40-something Eskimo women, that would be stupid.  seems like it's good business sense to market a given product to a group who will be receptive to the marketing.  Children, in this case.
In equity research as an associate.  I put in (most weeks-not earnings season) around 55-65 hours but during earnings (1/3 of time) its around 80.  There are always good and bad days; its actually quite manageable overall.  Occasionally, I have stuff I'm told to do on the weekend, but usually I'm *highly suggested* to average 3-5 hrs on the weekend just to get ahead of the upcoming week.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.wiltshiretimes.co.uk/news/latestheadlines/15398908.Police_urge_people_to_report_crop_circle_damage/) reduced by 58%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The spokesperson added: &amp;quot;We urge all farmers and landowners if they have has a crop circle on their land to report it to us on 101 so it can be recorded. Often after a crop circle appears, individuals will arrive with a drone to photograph it. Take note of any vehicles, their registration plates, and any individuals and pass this information to the police.""  &gt; If a circle is created on your land make sure you tell the Crop Circle Community if you decide to allow/ not allow access to the general public, and if you intend to cut the circle out.  &gt; &amp;quot;We also ask the public to help support our rural communities by reporting any suspicious vehicles, behaviour or people in crop fields to police on 101 they may be attempting to create a crop circle and committing criminal damage,&amp;quot; the spokesperson added.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6rblzy/police_urge_people_to_report_crop_circle_damage/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~182131 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **circle**^#1 **crop**^#2 **police**^#3 **damage**^#4 **landowner**^#5"
"Here, a sample conversation.  ""Wow, these meatballs are fantastic. What's in them?""  ""100% Beef.""  ""They're all beef?""  ""No, but the beef I put in is 100% beef.""  'Uhhh, ok. How much of it is beef?""  ""I don't have to tell you.""  Is that person being straight with his guest? Or is he being a coy fuckhead?"
We are Tampa Bay's second supposition specialists! We will turn out to your home at positively no charge to give you an exact gauge. Our affirmed and completely safeguarded specialists are prepared to finish your introduce as quick as could be expected under the circumstances, without compromising. We generally go the additional mile to ensure our clients are fulfilled, so call us today!
"Some things are nearly universal, and have been mentioned already.  My ""favorite"" forseeable expenses in this category are: However, I also advocate saving for expenses that are specific to you.  Look back on your expenses for the last 12 months, minimum (18 or 24 may be better).  Ask yourself these questions: I ask about large expenditures because you may make enough that you can ""eat"" these lapses in budgeting, as I did for many years.  It is not an emergency now, but it turned into an emergency down the road as my spending went out of control.  Look at all expenditures over a certain level, say $100 or $200.   Some personal examples of expenses that aren't quite so universal, but turned into small emergencies: This last one was rather unexpected.  It is the reason why I ask the question ""why didn't I budget for it?""  These fees and dues are for my professional-level certifications.  In my industry, they are ""always"" paid for by the company.  A year ago, they weren't paid by my former employer because they planned to lay me off.  This year, they weren't paid by my present employer because I am technically a temporary worker (4 years is temporary?).  So, from now on, I plan to save for this expense.  If my employer pays my dues, then I stop saving for the expense, but keep the money I've saved."
"There are a few reasons why an index mutual fund may be preferable to an ETF: I looked at the iShare S&P 500 ETF and it has an expense ratio of 0.07%.  The Vanguard Admiral S&P 500 index has an expense ratio of 0.05% and the Investor Shares have an expense ratio of 0.17%, do I don't necessarily agree with your statement ""admiral class Vanguard shares don't beat the iShares ETF""."
For conversions you do not to be 59-1/2 to avoid penalty. The 5-yr rule thus creates an early withdrawal option if planned well in advance.  See the flow chart in http://www.irs.gov/publications/p590/ch02.html#en_US_2012_publink1000231030 For where I sourced the answer.  Note : I edited to correct my answer. User102008 called me out on my mistake, and rightly so. The dialog is in the comments, where he points out the mistake. Good job, new User.
"&gt;But I also believe that if you had a ""full equalizer day"" and redistributed all the wealth in the US so that each of us had the same amount of money (we'd each roughly have $255,000 if my math is correct), then within 1 generation you'd already see a similar wealth distribution to what we have now. Most would consume more- rather than invest- and it would only be a temporary fix.  This is what I am saying.  &gt;It's a rarity to find people advocating for changing the system that creates inequality (the Fed currently being the biggest perp) instead of simply trying to redistribute the results of that system.  What would you change the Fed to? I'm arguing that it's more a fact of an economy than a fact of the current type of economy that economic inequality exists.   You can do some things with cryptocurrency, potentially taking some of the middlemen out of the business, but that won't fundamentally change economic inequality. The people currently invested in banks will invest in other things.  I think economics will equal out when the machines of production become cheaper. At some point, maybe every community can own their own production machines. Then, communism/anarchism (same thing) will return to the world."
"But sending money overseas doesn't help here, and government programs that feed people (especially children) and keeping people working or in school (medical programs) do have direct economic benefits to this nation, in addition to being ""nice"" or ""moral"".  I am not advocating the end of all suffering by giving things away, rather I am advocating the judicious use of government spending to make the world better for everyone."
&gt; No guarantee that the money would go to the right place. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solyndra  So to be clear, you think that it went to the wrong place because the company tried to innovate and use new technologies that then didn't work out?  And you want to discourage such attempts?
CEOs have multiple fiduciary duties, which fall into three broad categories:  care, loyalty, and disclosure.  You are probably referring to the duty of loyalty:  to act, in good faith, in the best interests of shareholders, putting shareholders' interests above the CEOs' own personal interests.
It seems like you want to compare the company's values not necessarily the stock price.  Why not get the total outstanding shares and the stock price, generate the market cap.  Then you could compare changes to market cap rather than just share price.
You don't need a visa to invest in US equity. You don't need a visa to profit from US equity. There may be other legal considerations, but they aren't visa related, hope that helps
If I had known about this promotion and were less lazy, I would probably have taken advantage of it myself. Would it be theft? Maybe, maybe not, but I'm kind of antisocial, and doing something illegal/unethical, getting away with it, and making a profit would give me some pleasure.
"Total Return is the percent change in value (including andy dividends) of an instrument.  The ""trailing 12-month"" means that your starting point is the value 12 months ago.  So the formula is: where V is the value of the instrument on the reference date, V0 is the value of the instrument 12 months prior to the reference date, and D is the amount of dividends paid between the two dates."
"Instead of ""taking the blue pill or the red pill"" we still have to play the game, and the winner of the game as it appears to me, takes neither pill, but is better at guessing who takes which pill and how they will react to it."
QuickBooks enterprise provide audit trail for recover the details of the deleted transaction so that you can re-create the transaction.  The audit trail is only capturing information related to new, deleted,  and modified transactions.  If you are unable to locate the delete transaction contact QuickBooks Enterprise site - https://www.wizxpert.com/quickbooks-enterprise-support/
"Nonsense. I am not saying the Elon and Tesla are perfect, but all companies have delays. Especially those inventing things nobody did before them.  And some companies have production capacity issues. Especially those experiencing super high demand on their products. Big deal!  Tesla got 0.5 million pre-orders. With approx 2-3 years of waiting time, and people had to pay 1000 USD upfront, out of their pockets. And they did.  Tesla is seeing an extreme demand for their high-priced product. Every entrepreneur and enterprise would love to be in Musk's shoes.   **So, delayed deliveries and shaking liquidity should be considered only ""logistics"" issues, not ""will he fail!"" discussion.**"
You should not trade based on what news is just released, if you try you will be too slow to react most of the time. In many cases the news is already priced into the stock during the anticipation of the news being released. Other times as soon as the news is released the price will gap up or down in response to the news.  Some times when you think that the news is good, like new record profits have been achieved, but the share price goes down instead of up. This may be due to the expectation of the record profits by analysts to be 20% more than last year, but the company only achieves 10% more than last year. So the news is actually seen as bad because, even though record profits, it hasn't met expectations. The same can happen in the other direction, a company may make a loss and the share price goes up. This may be because it was expected to make a 50% loss but only made a 20% loss due to cost cutting, so this is seen as a good thing and the price can shoot up, especially if it had been beaten down for months. An other example is when the Federal Reserve in the USA put up interest rates earlier this month. Some may have seen this as bad news and expected share prices to fall, but instead prices rallied. This was actually seen as good news, firstly because it had been expected for a long time, and secondly and more importantly because a small rise in interest rates after many years of near zero rates is a sign of the economy finally starting to improve. If the economy is improving, that means more people will have jobs, more people will be spending more money, companies will start to make higher revenues and start to expand, which means higher profits and higher share prices. A better way to trade is to have a written trading plan and use technical analysis to develop a set of buy and sell criteria that you follow to the tea. Then back test your trading plan through various market conditions to make sure you get a positive expectancy.
The EM range of oil-sealed rotary pumps - renowned for its high ultimate vacuum, rapid pumping speed, quiet operation and ability to handle vapour - has become the industry standard laboratory and light industrial applications. The E2M28 pump is a two-stage, direct drive, sliding vane pump. The pump is oil sealed and designed for reliable, long-term operation in both laboratory and industrial environments. The pump is a freestanding unit with the drive provided through a flexible coupling by either a single-phase or three-phase (four-pole) motor.
"Except for one thing, right now there is a large amount of speculation, lots of numbers are inflated. And then we have the high frequency traders, this tax would make it harder to make money on nothing, which is what they are doing currently. Personally I would be fine with it if the tax became ""exempt"" after say holding the stock for 3-6-12 months. This tax also isn't about making money, its about making the market more secure. One of the downsides is that if all the major markets don't commit to it, it likely will hurt anyone that does."
"There is not one right way. It depends on the level of detail that you need. One way would be: Create the following accounts: When you pay the phone bill: When you are paid with the reimbursement: That is, when you pay the phone bill, you must debit BOTH phone expense to record the expense, and also reimbursements due to record the fact that someone now owes you money. If it's useful you could add another layer of complexity: When you receive the bill you have a liability, and when you pay it you discharge that liability. Whether that's worth keeping track of depends. I never do for month-to-month bills. Afterthought: I see another poster says that your method is incorrect because a reimbursement is not salary. Technically true, though that problem could be fixed by renaming the account to something like ""income from employer"". The more serious problem I see is that you are reversing the phone expense when you are reimbursed. So at the end of the year you will show total phone expense as $0. This is clearly not correct -- you did have phone expenses, they were just reimbursed. You really are treating the expense account as an asset account -- ""phone expenses due to be reimbursed by employer""."
I was business and then did a 5th year undergrad to be eligible to sit for the CPA exams. There is no way I, or anyone, could start working on an audit on day one. Even if I had done internships, they wouldn't mean anything with a change in career path.
The article predicts problems with the US dollar.    If you live in China, or India, the end of the US dollar is not high on your list of problems.  The coming shocks in 2012, 2013, and 2014 will wreck a lot of financial sectors.    Is there a good way to prepare for financial collapse?  That depends on where you live and what your financial situation is.
"If the country went to a sustainable minimum wage like 15 dollars an hour we would benefit more. Anyone who thinks the walmart strikes are stupid and they should be fired clearly doesnt understand how the economy should work.  Oh?  You do know that all basic goods and services would increase  in price, right?  Raising the minimum wage will not raise minimum value.  ""If you are pro for under 15 dollars an hour, you are pro slavery.""  Haha. Slaves are forced.  You aren't forced to work for minimum wage.  It's a result of many poor life decisions that led you there.  The fact that I'm not working a minimum wage job is because I worked my ass off to learn the skills I needed to make a good living.  ""The only people making these facts up are the ones who own the businesses because their wealth will go down and be spread among employees more.""  Not really.  As a business owner, I would just increase the costs of my goods or services.  Most retail businesses have slim profit margins (restaurants are even worse).  They would not be able to survive long if their workforce cost suddenly doubled and their revenue stayed the same.  You don't know much about business. I'm glad people like you aren't making decision in government."
The WB201 is one-up on the famous WB 200 bike carrier vehicle and Car Accessories and is a much sleeker and smarter option. The engineering far surpasses the WB200. This latest version uses the latest SmartHold technology.The Smarthold system will automatically apply the correct clamping pressure and fasten your bike without the need to remove the front wheel !! It is also lockable and Kayak Carrier bikes up to 20kg in weight.
That's a good point, and one I've recently been realizing too. I've been so focused on the aerospace and defense sector that I wasn't interested in anything else at first. Obviously I know now that's what has been causing my problems and I need to and have been changing my approach but it hasn't been successful yet, hence the post. But thanks for the advice, I had initially written off temp agencies (my temp job was through a friend not an agency) but now it looks like that may be one of my only choices at this point.
"Kinda like this?  ""For starters, a group of Perry appointees on the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality gave Simmons a license to build his hazardous nuke dump, even after the TCEQ's own team of scientists agreed that the project was too risky, given how dangerously close it lies to the Ogalalla aquifer, which provides drinking water for seven states.""  [From Matt Taibbi's Rick Perry article](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/rick-perry-the-best-little-whore-in-texas-20111026)"
This is what they are causing... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3oZrMGDMMw  That little baby is suffering because of one of the diseases that doesn't have to exist.  It could have been eradicated from the planet by now if it wasn't for Dr. Wakefield faking a study and then spreading lies to try try to cover his ass before he admitted that he made it all up.  But still ignorant people on the internet continue to spread misinformation that causes babies to suffer and die.
Get in touch with a leading mechanic centre if you are looking for efficient engine reconditioning services NSW. Such companies offer a wide range of services which include shelving cylinders, cylinder head reconditioning, engine componing and machining and crankshaft grinding and servicing
"Many years ago I heard a multi-level marketing pitch that pointed out how many doctors don't get out of debt until they are well into their 50's.  The selling point was that you can get rich quick, as rich as a doctor, with nothing more then a bit of elbow grease.  Of course the pitch failed to mention that most doctors, buy the things doctors buy, when they get that first big job.  The big house, expensive cars nerf the income that they receive and they are probably stuck with years of student loan payments. I assume that you are one of the ""lucky"" ones that have graduated college with a well paying job.  By lucky I mean you concentrated on obtaining a skill for which the marketplace has a need.  Why not continue to live like a college student for a few more months and pay off all of your student loans ASAP?   Get rid of them like you were purging the phone number of that high maintenance girl you dated during a short time of insanity."
It might be a good idea, because later in life if a large expense shows up or an income source disappears, you will only have the mortgage payment, rather than a mortgage AND a student loan payment.
My mistake, a *reformed* audit of the fed. Right now the GAO cannot audit transactions of the Fed with foreign central banks or foreign governments, securities credit and market operations, or communication between the Fed and Board of Governors (which you linked to).  The fact that the Fed refuses to tell who receives bailout money and loans at interest rates well below market rates is unacceptable.   This is not a crazy right wing issue, either. Plenty on the left feel the same way, including the (arguably) most liberal American Senator Bernie Sanders who introduced the Senate version to audit the Fed bill a few years back.  The fact is, the Fed deals with MASSIVE amounts of American taxpayer money (and perhaps more importantly, future American taxpayer money), so we have a right to know exactly what is going on in it. It's not the CIA where knowledge of its inner-workings could be a threat to safety, it's a financial institution that deals with monetary and financial policies.
If you want to start a new business, want to develop your business or facingbusiness loss solution  or you are having any tensions in your business set up, then the best requirement is to contact the best astrologer V K shashtriji. This approach will surely help in running your business on a large scale without having any issues and restrictions.  It helps to arrive at the potentiality of a business, prospects of new ventures, losses, competitions in business, employee relationships, etc. A natal chart for your business or company helps you to understand the changing cycles of your business. Business losses can be recovered by using powerful astro remedies. Get Expert V.K shahstri ji powerful advice now and save your business from getting losses.
You should also know that its FAR cheaper for everybody, including you, (at least $250,000 over each person's lifetime, - each American, compared to a Canadian) to get rid of the whole insurance system and pay for health care with taxes (we wouldn't need any more than today) and simply give people health care, eliminating all of the administrative complexity from the users standpoint.   That would allow doctors and hospitals to save a LOT of money on staffing. So, your tiered system that denies health care to those who can't afford to pay actually costs everyone more and they get LESS care and lower quality care. In short, we're cutting off our own nose to spite our face. All this time the rest of the world is growing farther and farther ahead of us.
If you are careful, you don't need to spend much more than the cruise price.  The cruises I've been on, they biggest extra was soda and alcohol (mainly wine with dinner).  If you are fine drinking water or iced tea, there is no need for that. Food extras, like ice cream at the pool, may be an extra charge as well. The way it works is that your room key acts like a credit card, and gets charged to your room.  Its easy to run up a big bill if you aren't paying attention, so you may want to keep track of it as you go along.  You can also go to the pursers office at any time and find out your current account. Generally, the cruise automatically charges a certain amount per day for tips for your room steward and dining room attendants.  You are expected to tip for spa services (another extra charge) and shore excursion guides.  Shore excursions vary greatly depending on what you are doing.  Maybe $50-$100 per person for a bus tour to much more than that for things like scuba diving, or fishing.  You can also either book tours yourself, or just get off and wander around.  It depends where you are going.  Many times, the ships dock far away from anything you might want to see.  There are generally taxis or shuttles to the tourist places, but that is another charge.  Shipboard internet is generally charged by hour, and quite expensive (several dollars per hour).  Part of the attraction for me is unplugging completely, so I generally don't bother.  On older ships, you probably are limited to the internet lounge.  Some of the newer ships have wi-fi in the state rooms as well. The drinks on board aren't cheap, but not outrageous either.  Probably similar to an upscale club.  They also have a daily drink special, which is cheaper.  Technically, you aren't allowed to bring your own alcohol on board.  If you buy something in a port, you need to check it with them.  This policy may vary by cruise line, but has been true on the Princess and Costa cruises I've been on.  That said, as long as you are low-key, they probably won't know or care.
Are you an automobile manufacturing company looking for the highest quality and top-rated fuel injection tubes? I am sure you must be looking for the finest range of these tubes from a dealer who is not only popular, but also offers the best of deals on these tubes.
Incorporating your business  The LLC can be formed within just 24 hrs from the time of submitting of the form. It mainly includes all the business presence packages which is very much important for doing Incorporating your business so that the business can able to setup and startup very easily and quickly. It also help in protecting the assests and other liabilities that are the part of the Delaware llc.
That's all completely irrelevant to the economic point. What we spent the government money on was a political decision. The economic piece absolutely involved marshalling all of the countries resources, *labor being but one of them*, by using the currency to pull along production. We won the war with our economic engine above all other advantages that we had.   Now imagine if we cared as much about people having jobs in the US right now as we did about killing Japanese.
I'm delighted that wired pointed out comments were disabled on their 'doubling down' [repost](http://support.godaddy.com/godaddy/go-daddys-position-on-sopa/). It would have been very inconvenient if someone posted a link to a piratebay torrent in the comments which would have made that post illegal under SOPA. Luckly, there are plenty of blog posts where comments are [enabled](http://support.godaddy.com/godaddy/category/go-daddy-scoop/).
More than just early stages, Swarm City has its MVP out, making transaction &amp; communication possible on the blockchain, as one of the very first in the world. Despite being hacked recently they continue to move forward. And it's way more than just ridesharing, although that will be the first 'storefront' that will be launched soon. Definitely worth looking into. https://youtu.be/t0yKy77wqmM
There's a bit of working backwards that's required.   This is a summary of a spreadsheet I wrote which helps to get to the answer. What you see here is that at age 25, one might have saved about a half year's salary, assuming they worked 5 years. The numbers grow exponentially to at 65, about 15 years salary saved. This will allow a withdrawal of about 60% final income each year using the 4% guideline. More will come from Social Security in the States to get closer to 100%. The sheet start with assumptions, a 10% per year rate of saving, and an 8% annual return. Salary is assumed to rise 3% per year. One can choose their age, enter their current numbers and their own assumptions. I had to include some numbers and at the time, 8% seemed reasonable. Not so sure today. What I do like is the concept of viewing savings in terms of 'years salary' as this leads to replacement rate. Will $1M be enough for you? Only you can answer that. But the goal of 80-100% replacement income is reasonable and this sheet can be used to understand the goals along the way. (note, the uploaded sheet had 15% saving rate, not the 10 I thought. I used 15 to show a 10% saving along with a 5% match to one's 401(k). Those interested are welcome to enter their own numbers. The one objection I've seen is the increase to salary. Increases tend to be higher in the first 20 than the second, or so I'm told.)
the best thing to do is file bankrupt. your credit will be shot for 7 to 10 years. however usually 3 years after the bankrupt people will give you small lines of credit. then you rebuild on the small credit lines. and never get into a bad loan again you learn from mistakes. there is no shame in a mistake if you learned from it. I rebuilt my credit by using fingerhut. small credit limit on a cap 1 credit card 300 dollars unsecured card. personal loan of 1500 dollars to buy a old clunk for a car as I did not want to have five years of car payments. you can also get a secured credit card. and build credit with that. the bank will explain how to build credit using your own money. also you should know a lot of banks like your bankrupt stat. because they no you cant file for several more years. meaning if you don't pay your loan they can garnish you and you cant file bankrupt. you can get a new car loan with good interest rate. by taking 5000 dollars of your 15000 dollars savings down on the new loan. making your new car loan have better payments cheaper and better interest. and get a secured credit card of 2000 to build towards a unsecured credit card. keep all your new credit tabs small and pay on time.i would not use all your nest egg savings. that is not smart. get a lawyer and file. stay in school you will have a fresh start and you learned about upside down loans. don't listen to people trying to tell you bankruptsy is bad. it in a lot of ways gives you the upper hand in a no win debt or debts.
"Your total debt is equal to your total non-credit debt (student loans, car loans) + your total available credit.   This is the truth of the ""low balance"" fear from lenders that you had heard about. Your credit utilization is across all of your cards.   So if you have two cards, both with 15K limits and one is maxed out and one is empty, that is 50% utilization.   If you have both cards with 7.5K balances, that is also 50% utilization. For the 8 cards that are paid off and still open, after you buy a house, I'd close any cards you aren't using.  Not everyone will agree with this. If possible, I would close the 8 cards now and pay off the 15K balance before buying a house.  If it's hard to pay it off now, it will be harder when you have a mortgage and home maintenance costs. If you want to buy the house before you pay off all of your credit card debt, I'd still close the 8 cards that are already paid off and pay down your last card to 4K (or less) to get under 25% utilization. The credit rating bureaus do not publish exactly how a different utilization rate of credit will affect your score, but it is known that lower utilization will improve your score.  FICO calls this ""Proportion of credit lines used (proportion of balances to total credit limits on certain types of revolving accounts)"" Also, the longevity of your credit history is based on type of account (credit cards, car loans, etc.) so if you keep one credit card open, you still keep your long ""history"" with credit cards on your credit report.  FICO calls this ""Time since accounts opened, by specific type of account"""
Here is what I could find on the net: http://education.wallstreetsurvivor.com/options-symbol-changes-coming-february-12th-2010 So it sounds like it does not affect how you invest in options but only how you look them up.  I remember using a Bloomberg terminal and it wasn't clear what the expiry date of the option you were looking at was.  It looks like the new quote system addresses this. HTH.
I have a CPA. They said that it isn't possible. However, I've seen on message boards that it indeed IS possible, multiple times. I'll likely reach out to another CPA. However, I am interested to hear from somebody who has done this before, so that I at least have a name or defined process for what I'm attempting to do.
There's a very small subset of people that I think could legitimately use the Amazon Echo-Alexa / Google Home-Assistant thing, and they're generally, in my mind, single and affluent.    The kind of person that really loves the idea of full home automation, and doesn't have anyone around to fuck with the voice commands.    I, for instance, would probably get one of these things if I lived alone.  I'd love to dim the lights, play a movie, and say, order a pizza whilst shouting into the ceiling.  I don't think I could pull that off or sell the cost or utility to the SO.
[Olivetti minidisc](http://www.obsoletemedia.org/olivetti-minidisc/) maybe?  &gt; Olivetti used the minidisc in 1978 in its TES (Text Editing System) 401 word processing system, where capacity was increased to 7.5 KB  http://www.storiaolivetti.it/upload/tes401_b.jpg  LED panel, not LCD (I think) but fits the narrative otherwise...
"An option is a financial instrument instrument that gives you the right, but not the obligation, to do some transaction in the future at a given price. An employee stock option is a kind of ""call option"" -- it gives you the right, but not the obligation, to buy the stock at a certain price (the ""exercise price"", usually set as the price of the stock when the option was granted). The idea is that you would ""exercise"" the option (buy the stock at the given price as provided by the option), if the value of the stock is higher than the exercise price, and not if it is lower. The option is gifted to you. But that does not mean you get any stock. If and when you choose to exercise the option, you would buy the stock with your own money. At what time you can exercise the option (and how many shares you can exercise at a given time) will be specified in the agreement. Usually, you can only exercise a particular share after it has ""vested"" (according to some vesting schedule), and you lose the ability to exercise after you no longer work for the company (plus perhaps a grace period), or after the option expires."
The desire to be debt free is smart; but I think the purpose of a large group is motivation and peer pressure.  Getting out of debt faster isn't going to work mathmatically.  (I can't reason a scenario where the group's collective power doesn't favor one individual in the group over another.) All of the following conditions must be met: If any single thing fails, or if anybody changes their mind about how they feel about paying another person's debt, this plan will breakdown quickly and get very ugly.  Please notice most of those items are emotions, which cannot be planned nor controlled. Bottom line:  Don't do it.  The risks are too high compared to the average reward.  If your family could pull it off, a better plan would be to sell a reality show about the magical family who never fights and always puts the good of the others before themselves. Everybody do a debt snowball individually but have an email group, weekly group call, regular family meeting, group chat session or dinner event where you encourage each other, talk about the success, failures and openly discuss everybody's situation.  This is called a support group and they can be more effective than doing it on your own. Go around the table and  This will require humility, patience and grace from the participating family.  It will rely on similar peer pressure to succeed as a single group, without all of the very real pitfalls and very real consequences of a individual failing in a big group.
For the clearing house, only the routing number and the check amount [which gets encoded before its presented to clearing] is important. The check numbers were put in as a fraud prevention mechanism to ensure that one check was only presented once and that it was issued to a particular account. Typically issued in sequence.   So as your account is new, the bank may have a mechanism to verify the checks [maybe based on amount and other info]. If your volume of check issuing increases, they may start putting in a check number to better track.
Activist Investor is the entrenched capitalists fake news meme. Trump wants to pass a law that says shareholders don't even get a vote until they pass a certain threshold on ownership % of a company so they can keep all the little people from having any say. Ownership isn't really ownership unless you're rich I guess. Democracy bad! Freedom! America!
Wow, glad I found this.  I take the 7 tomorrow morning at 9:15am.    I started going section by section, then I got to Options and got a 40% so I swore at the computer and money and everything else within view, and then I sat down and walked through about a million scenarios until I had it down.  Using Knopman (but Kaplan materials for the most part, including the Qbank site), and I've been scoring anywhere from 74 to 80.  I'm taking my last practice exam now, and then after reading this, instead of cramming, I'll be heading home to hang with the wife and daughter and relax.  We'll see.
"A financial engineering degree will help you get your foot in the door, and IEOR is a pretty good background to start with, but you should also just try applying to interesting-sounding things right now.  If you get lucky, you'll have saved yourself a lot of time: work experience trumps financial engineering. I don't know quite how to say this politely, but there's a chance that if you do a full-time Fin Eng masters, you'll bump yourself out of the ""smart junior guy who we'll train"" category into the ""this guy is supposed to know something"" category.  For my own group, the just-out-of-college people we've hired have been people who did internships with us before, which is no help at all. The interviews that I've done have been mostly looking for people with significant industry experience, and the FE degree won't help with that.  It's a bit of a crapshoot. I'm not sure what to suggest, but I'll happily answer questions."
A tax on organic (food) waste will probably be the only effective lever. Perhaps cataloging food waste produced at farms, to try and tune in some synergies in the food industry. I know some large Australian Universities are investing heavily in this space. Waste to resource type projects, using bio-reactors and the like.  Composting the residue to put back in to the productive lands is also a big part of reducing and improving outcomes.
I think this is a bit of fallacy. Capital is not a fix thing. If there is value to be realized, business can find the money. The issue really is that the job is hard and the company views it as a cost, not an investment.
The author sounds like a raging corporate apologist and so do most of the commenters here on reddit, which really surprises me.    If Target staff allowed customers to purchase gift cards as part of this promotion, then isn't it Target's fault for not training their staff properly with regard to how to handle this promotion?   (IANAL)
"Not unless you have something else to put up as collateral. The bank wants a basic assurance that you're not going to immediately move the money to the Caymans and disappear. 999 times out of 1000, the collateral for a home mortgage is the home itself (which you wouldn't be able to take with you if you decided to disappear), so signing up for a 30 year mortgage on a nonexistent house is probably going to get you laughed out of the bank. It's sometimes possible to negotiate something else as collateral; you may, for instance, have a portfolio of securities worth the loan principal, that you can put in escrow for the term of the loan (the securities will stay in your name and make you money, but if you default on the loan the bank goes to the escrow company and takes the portfolio for their own). The bank will consider the risk of value loss on the securities in the portfolio, and may ask for a higher collateral value or only allow a lower loan amount. In all cases, it's usually a bad idea to go into long-term personal debt just to get ""cheap money"" that you can use to beat the interest rate with some business plan or investment. If you have a business plan, take that to the bank with an LLC and ask for a business loan. The business itself, if the plan is sound, should become valuable, and the terms of business loans take that into account, allowing for a ""shrinking collateral"" transferring the initial personal risk of the loan to the business."
&gt; checking account normal?  Not really, only if you have a small account.  It usually works that you get a monthly fee if you have under a certain amount of money in the account.  So normal for poor people who the banks don't want to deal with.  Not normal for people who have some money.
Terrible analogy. It's a gross oversimplification and any attempt to respond within it's parameters won't make sense.   Boeing wants to reduce costs in order to remain competitive and because it's a public company. Boeing's union workers are overcompensated. They want to move states in order to reduce labor costs. Washington State paid out to keep them around.
The alternatives are practically perpetual with linen suits for men, the search is ideal for summer, pushing it flawlessly amongst shrewd and easygoing and offering so much adaptability. In case you're hoping to keep the look keen, then match your suit with a shirt and tie mix. In any case, what shirt to wear with a material suit? Well even this mix can accomplish various impacts, contingent upon the style of suit and selection of hues, so there are various alternatives.
"&gt;Agree 100 %.  &gt; &gt;Nothing drives me more batty than when I hear a health food nut complaining about GMO food or ""chemicals"". I ALWAYS challenge them on it.  &gt;  &gt;RE GMO: ""Do you eat apples and bananas? Did you know farmers have been gene splicing apples and bananas since the 1800s? There has literally not been a single apple sold in stores since the early 1900s that is not spliced. All of those Apple"" varieties"" in the store are a result of splicing over the years, including your overpriced ""organic"" ones.  There is a vast difference between grafting tree branches for ideal traits, and inserting specific strings of genetic code from an organism that cannot otherwise contribute its DNA.   And part of participating in organic food production is a discontinuation of petrochemical fertilizer. Yes, we use vast amounts of petroleum product to fertilize farmland. If you want to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels, organic production is part of that. Another part is the elimination of nasty industrial pesticides, like those that are causing bee colony collapse syndrome. CCS is a huge problem not because honey is tasty but because bees pollinate a wide variety of trees that produce food.  Participating in organic food production is not a hazy Mother Earth granola fest. The concerns are material and immediate. I don't even eat granola. To many carbs."
All of these big social media companies lie to the users, and folks give them a free pass. Google, FB, Twitter, and of course reddit.  Hell... some folks are 'fans'. The Google fan-base is more rabid than Apple crowd.  None of these give a rats ass about any of us as individuals. It's about the bottom line. The buck stops there. If it's not money, it's not in the equation.
I find it funny that I was downvoted and you were upvoted. The article about this today says that 230,000 jobs were expected, not 200,000. The unemployment rate went from 6.1% to 6.2%. So tell me again how this is good news?
I'm not comparing the OWS with the tea party...   How were the protests at UC Davis violent and deserving of pepperspray?  &gt;The right to peacefully assemble does not mean you can encircle and block the police from doing their lawful job  Correct. So you feel the proper response is to pepperspray people? Isn't there a better way to move people out of the way? My point was that in the past workers fighting for some workplace safety and better wages had pinkertons kill them because they protested. People fought very, very hard and some died to get where we are currently and with the police and the people okay with pepperspraying I am worried about the bloodbath that might occur when we have to fight again for workplace safety.   &gt;currently politicians are rolling back those protections  &gt;No, they're not.  They are... OSHA is being targeted for budget cuts. If there are no OSHA agents checking that workplaces are safe, then workplaces can and will offer less protections to their workers...   Let me ask you a question, what prevents a race to the bottom with wages and benefits if people don't collectively bargain?
So the Euro was doomed from the start because there was no provisions of kicking out and/or halting countries from excessive borrowing?  I think the Euro is stronger in the long run because no single country can put inflationary pressure on the Euro due to irresponsible borrowing by that single state (e.g. United States).  In the end of the day, they have to work their way out of debt with real economic growth thusly making it an attractive currency for the long term.
&gt; False equivalency  Show me the data that says right wing studies are proven wrong more than left wing studies. I'm fairly certain that data does not exist. Also, you better not show me data from a left wing source or I will have to ignore like you are doing to this data.  Sure, be skeptical - dig in. FIND WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE DATA AND QUIT BITCHING ABOUT FUNDING  EDIT: Downvotes must hate the idea of scientific inquiry, which is all I am asking
"There's a difference between missing a payment and ""carrying a balance"" (making an on-time payments that are less than the full balance due). I have heard mortgage brokers claim that, if you have no other credit history, carrying a small balance here and there on a credit card may improve your score.  (""Small"" is in relation to your available credit and your ability to pay it off.)  But actually missing a payment will probably hurt your score. Example: You have a card with a credit limit of $1000.  In July you charge $300 worth of stuff.  You get the next statement and it shows the balance due of $300 and a minimum payment of $100. If you pay the entire $300 balance in that cycle, most cards won't charge you any interest.  You are not carrying a balance, so the credit scores may not reflect that you actually took a $300 loan and paid it off. If you instead pay $200, you'll be in good standing (because $200 is greater than the minimum payment).  But you'll be carrying a $100 balance into the next statement cycle.  Plus interest will accrue on that $100.  If you do this regularly, your credit score will probably take into account that you've taken a small loan and made the payments.  For those with no other credit history, this may be an appropriate way to increase your credit score.  (But you're paying interest, so it's not free.)  And if the average balance you carry is considered high relative to your ability to pay or to the total credit available to you, then this could adversely affect your score (or, at least, the amount of credit another provider is willing to extend to you). If you instead actually miss a payment, or make a payment that's less than the minimum payment, that will almost certainly hurt your credit score.  It will also incur penalties as well as interest.  You want to avoid that whenever possible. My guess is that, in the game of telephone from the banker to you, the ""carrying a balance"" was misinterpreted as ""missing a payment."""
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/10/israel-maintains-robust-arms-trade-rogue-regimes-171022100816302.html) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The issue of Israel&amp;#039;s trade with rogue regimes has been thrust into the spotlight again after revelations that it is sending weapons to Myanmar, in defiance of a US and European arms embargo.  &gt; &amp;quot;Many Western states sell arms, but what&amp;#039;s unique about Israel is that, wherever war crimes and crimes against humanity are being committed, you find Israel is present,&amp;quot; Mack told Al Jazeera.  &gt; &amp;quot;The benefits for Israel are not just measured in money. Often even more important are the diplomatic and strategic alliances Israel can gain from this arms trade.""   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/7879bm/israel_maintains_robust_arms_trade_with_rogue/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~233436 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Israel**^#1 **arms**^#2 **Israeli**^#3 **Myanmar**^#4 **weapons**^#5"
In general, the short answer is to use SEDAR, the Canadian database that compiles financial statements for Canadian companies. The financial statements for Pacific Rubiales Energy Corp can be found here.  The long answer is that the data might be missing because in Canada, each province has their own agency to regulate securities. Yahoo might not compile information from such a wide array of sources. If other countries also have a decentralized system, Yahoo might not take the time to compile financial information from all these sources. There are a myriad of other reasons that could cause this too, however.  This is why SEDAR is useful; it 's the Canadian equivalent of the SEC's EDGAR database, and it maintains a sizeable database of financial statements.
You're on the right track, and yes, that small difference is subject to income taxes. Do you use a payroll service? I do the same thing and use my payroll software to tweak the salary until the paycheck is just a few dollars every month (we run payroll once a month), with the rest going to the 401(k) and payroll taxes. So we're rounding up just a bit just so there's an actual paycheck with a positive number, and a bit does get withheld for fed/state income tax.  Also keep in mind you can make a company match. If your plan is a solo 401(k) with just you and your wife as the sole employees, consider the 25% match for both of you. The match is not subject to payroll taxes because it is a company expense. IRS web page: http://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/One-Participant-401(k)-Plans
"Amazon sellers have themselves to blame for this.  Every single time I've had an issue with shipping (2 weeks for a ""2-day delivery), getting the wrong item, getting a broken item, etc. it is from a seller that isn't amazon.  Additionally, their ""Prime"" items are often from third-party sellers that don't give a shit.  Amazon could do this, or reign in the third party sellers.  This seems easier."
Very odd site, it seems extremely useful but then there are douchey users with superiority complexes that may or may not be real, lmao.   Good point the manager made, cost of living in NY is damn expensive and unless you get aggressive with all the other schmucks there and move up you're not doing yourself a huge favor. I'd take the guaranteed cash, regular hours, and strong possibility of moving high up in the smaller company. Although both options aren't want I'd want to be doing for the rest of my life.
Without access to the ATM/debit card and with almost nothing in savings, you will probably have to visit a branch to make a cash deposit. If it is too far to drive you might be able to turn the cash into a money order and mail it to the bank, but I would check with the bank to see if that would work. Of course mail will take a day or two.
Here is a list of solutions I would use starting with the easiest:
Exactly. I don't mind my personal information being used to make LinkedIn money -- they provide value back to me by letting me keep track of business relationships. That has a different dollar value for different people, but for me it's pretty high.
I would like to avoid this, so what I'm thinking about is to open a bank account abroad, and use Transferwise to transfer my HUF to that account.   Do you think this makes sense? It does make sense. The challange is to find a Bank that will allow you to open an account online. Are there any more effective way to save money? Try prepaid cards. You should be able to get these from normal Banks in Hungary or other reputed financial institutions. You will have a visibility of the rates and it would be one time conversion.
Everyone should keep track of what they spend. When you see how much you are spending on each category of expense, you can make good decisions about how much your life is improved by something vs. how much you spend on that thing.  Everyone makes better decisions when they are informed by accurate information about those decisions. There's no reason why personal finances are different from any other decision you make in life. This remains true whether you make very little or very much. Some people define rich as being able to live on less money than you earn.
Some can't see there is a bigger picture here. Our government has some long standing issues that need addressing regardless of who is president. Meh, don't care much about downvotes from clever monkeys who'd rather engage in a political pissing contest.
Socialism is not mentioned anywhere in the article, and price controls existed in human civilization before socialism was a concept.  Secondly, stocked supermarkets are not the same as population's well being. I was in Soviet Union in the middle of perestroika when the system went from everybody having money and there was nothing to buy, to supermarkets having everything and no one having cash. The quality of life was actually going down precipitously for vast majority of the population, and they didn't quite recover to this day (although there is absolutely no shortage of $3000 lingerie sets at fashion stores on Tverskaya).
This entire situation is extremely far from the revenue generating aspects of the company. If they can contain this issue within a year and a half and within many dozens of millions of dollars, I don't see it affecting them. They've already endured plenty of bad PR seemingly unscathed and have large cash reserves. Everybody still wants their shares too, it's not like they're tanking. Regulations, driver unionization, and slow CEO turnover are much bigger threats.
Yea I know they are. I want to get them out of the way though and my firm gives me the support to take whatever. Cfp I'm looking at a year or more of studying. 9/10 I could crank out in a couple of months. Not sure if I want to go management or consultant route. But thank you!
Double majors are a huge waste of time for these jobs. Literally no one gives a shit. /u/zacharyheat/, ignore this person.  Go for lower and mid-tier banks to get started. Depending on where you are in the SEC, that means BBVA Compass, BB&amp;T, SunTrust. If you're at a targeted school, can try for BofA/Wells in Charlotte, but the GPA is going to be an issue.
Does your business need test and tag services? Do you need your annual check up on power tools and office equipment? Then call the Test and Tag Professionals. With over 15 years experience servicing Brisbane, our team of professional, qualified test and tag technicians will get the job done right, fast and affordably. Call us today to find out more.
Automation is definitely closing the cost gap. But for reasons that go well beyond automation alone. You have to look at the entire supply chain, not just your in plant cost of adding value to products. Even something as simple as waiting days or weeks to get parts for something that broke that can multiply the $1k a year labor cost many times. You can't just call the local hardware store in many places to solve even relatively simple problems. Then you have to worry about the logistics of getting your finished product transported to external markets. Especially when much of the transport is done over poorly maintained, or even gravel roads full of pot holes and rain gullies. How much durable capital, both coming and going, gets damaged in the process? This is even before taking the uncertainty cost of corruption and bribery into account. Even just simple problems can easily cost you a week labor out of each month, and the supply chain issues add up nonlinearly.  As the factory itself becomes more automated the cost of these supply chain issues just keeps increasing relative to other cost, even as the supply chain cost remains constant. Hence the supply chain cost, as a ratio of total cost, actually goes up faster than the rate at which automation itself is increasing. Which requires a fully modernized infrastructure and business environment to address. Something that is extraordinarily expensive to build from scratch.
&gt;&gt; only indicate interests  &gt; Yet you said you would not hire based on the undergrad.  You really try to NOT understand what I said and even fail in common sense, that I have.  I said that given a choice between a Music major and an IT major for entry level position, no experience needed, I would definitely not hire Music majors. I would only hire IT majors. Would you do differently? Yes or no?  And if you insist on remembering the wrong things, I also said the for more advanced positions, what counts is the experience and knowledge, regardless of original degrees. Did I say that? Yes or no?  I also said that someone who studied 7 years Music for a BA and a Master is very unlikely to be an IT expert. Their real interests are not IT. So I would extremely suspicious if they become CHIEF Information Security Officer.  Susan is the proof of all that: failure in her music career, failure in her IT security career, total corrupt corporate hiring process, and she's responsible for the biggest breach of personal data in history.  P/S: You know that she was fired from Equifax! Any ideas why, if she's such a qualified person? Maybe it's not her fault at all and some idiot IT expert working for her caused all the issues? Do you know why I asked this last question, that maybe it's an IT expert working for her who caused the issue? Guess!
Document everything. Never let it be your word against her. When you have enough contact HR. As the investigation gets started make the point that your work environment has become intolerable and that you intend to work elsewhere. In the most polite of ways ask for a positive recommendation. Assuming your boss isn't fired. If she you could stay.
PayPal transactions are not taxed in Australia. Income is taxed, and Ad network income is income.  Your relative will receive the money, and will have to declare the income so it can be taxed.  Your relative will then have to pay the tax. If you are to do this, you should transfer enough money from each payment for your relative to pay the tax; the rest you can move around however you wish.
1) The risks are that you investing in financial markets and therefore should be prepared for volatility in the value of your holdings. 2) You should only ever invest in financial markets with capital that you can reasonably afford to put aside and not touch for 5-10 years (as an investor not a trader). Even then you should be prepared to write this capital off completely. No one can offer you a guarantee of what will happen in the future, only speculation from what has happened in the past. 3) Don't invest. It is simple. Keep your money in cash. However this is not without its risks. Interest rates rarely keep up with inflation so the spending power of cash investments quickly diminishes in real terms over time. So what to do? Extended your time horizon as you have mentioned to say 30 years, reinvest all dividends as these have been proven to make up the bulk of long term returns and drip feed your money into these markets over time. This will benefit you from what is known in as  'dollar cost averaging' and will negate the need for you to time the market.
As I write this, the NASDAQ Composite is at 2790.00, down 6.14 points from yesterday. To calculate the percentage, you take 6.14 and divide by yesterday's close of 2796.14 to yield 0.22%. In your example, if SPY drops from 133.68 to 133.32, you use the difference of -0.36 and divide by the original, i.e. -0.36/133.68 = -0.27%. SPY is an ETF which you can invest in that tracks the S&P 500 index. Ideally, the index would have dropped the same percentage as SPY, but the points would be different (~10x higher). To answer your question about how one qualifies a point, it completely depends on the index being discussed. For example, the S&P 500 is a market-capitalization weighted index of the common stock of 500 large-cap US public companies. It is as if you owned every share of each of the 500 companies, then divide by some large constant to create a number that's easily understood mentally (i.e. 1330). The NASDAQ Composite used the same methodology but includes practically all stocks listed on the NASDAQ. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted index of 30 large-cap companies. It's final value is modified using a divisor known as the Dow Divisor, which accounts for stock splits and similar events that have occurred since a stock has joined the index. Thus, points when referring to an index do not typically represent dollars. Rather, they serve as a quantitative measure of how the market is doing based on the performance of the index constituents. ETFs like SPY add a layer of abstraction by creating an investible vehicle that ideally tracks the value of the underlying index directly. Finally, neither price nor index value is related to volume. Volume is a raw measurement of the total number of shares traded for a given stock or the aggregate for a given exchange. Hope this helps!
It also depends on what kind of investment account you are putting this in. Since a TFSA account doesn't get taxed on the return, it might make sense to put higher risk investments in that account. Of course, MDJ's comment about looking at tax brackets is also important...
"There are many questions and good answers here regarding investment choices. The first decision you need to make is how involved do you intend to be in investment activity. If you plan to be actively investing by yourself, you should look for questions here about making investment choices. If you intend to be a more passive investor, look for posts by ""Bogleheads"", who focus on broad-focused, low cost investments. This is the optimal choice for many people. If you are not comfortable managing investments at all, you need to figure out how to find a competent and reasonably priced financial advisor to meet with and guide your investment strategy. This advice generally costs about 1-2% of your total managed assets annually."
The Creation/Redemption mechanism is how shares of an ETF are created or redeemed as needed and thus is where there can be differences in what the value of the holdings can be versus the trading price. If the ETF is thinly traded, then the difference could be big as more volume would be where the mechanism could kick in as generally there are blocks required so the mechanism usually created or redeemed in lots of 50,000 shares I believe. From the link where AP=Authorized Participant: With ETFs, APs do most of the buying and selling. When APs sense   demand for additional shares of an ETF—which manifests itself when the   ETF share price trades at a premium to its NAV—they go into the market   and create new shares. When the APs sense demand from investors   looking to redeem—which manifests itself when the ETF share price   trades at a discount—they process redemptions. So, suppose the NAV of the ETF is $20/share and the trading price is $30/share. The AP can buy the underlying securities for $20/share in a bulk order that equates to 50,000 shares of the ETF and exchange the underlying shares for new shares in the ETF. Then the AP can turn around and sell those new ETF shares for $30/share and pocket the gain. If you switch the prices around, the AP would then take the ETF shares and exchange them for the underlying securities in the same way and make a profit on the difference. SEC also notes this same process.
"Since you seem to have trouble reading, I'll link it again.   https://www.cato.org/publications/policy-analysis/negative-effects-minimum-wage-laws  And there are numerous ""competent"" economists who say, and have said for a long time, that minimum wage laws are horrible for minorities and underprivileged groups. Also minimum wage has the added effect, thanks to the Fed and fiat currency, of accelerated inflation which damages every consumer in the economy."
"Google for ""unclaimed funds"" You might need to do it for each state separately."
"http://www.businessinsider.com/who-owns-us-debt-2011-7?op=1  Foreign governments own about 32% of U.S. debt.  It's not a majority, but it's still nothing to sneeze at.  Social Security owns 19%  ""The Fed"" owns 11+%  U.S. Households (including hedge funds) own 6+%  Private Pensions 3+%  Money Market Mutual Funds 2+%  State, Local, and Federal Retirement Funds 2+%  Commercial Banks 2%  Mutual Funds 2%  Oil Exporting Countries 1.6%  Caribbean Banking Centers 1%"
"Do you have any idea what a product manager does? It's a pretty accurate description of the job.  The PM is responsible for strategy, direction, product/market fit, features, roadmap, and pretty much everything associated with that product. You own the P&amp;L. The buck stops with you when it comes to the product.  The ""CEO of your product"" description is the classical description of what a PM is, because you're running an entire line of business that can be worth hundreds of millions of dollars."
The need for freeze dryer oil can be satiated by VacOil. Freeze dryer functions in a convoluted way and is indeed an essential requirement. In order to keep the durability of freeze dryer in check, the use of freeze dryer oil is extremely imperative, which VacOil could be relied on to deliver.
Banks cannot just borrow from the Federal Reserve and use that money to make loans. The first thing you need to understand is how fractional reserve banking works. The banks can make loans with money that their customers have deposited in their accounts. The interest and fees from those loans go to pay the salaries of those working at the banks with leftover profit to pay dividends (interest on your bank accounts).  The only reason that the Federal Reserve allows overnight lending is so that banks don't immediately become insolvent if they have larger than usual withdrawals by their depositors. The Federal Reserve keeps an eye on the balance sheets of the banks that are doing the borrowing, and if they didn't have assets in the form of deposits, they would force the banks to sell the loans that were made from those deposits. What does this have to do with personal finance? I think this question is only marginally on-topic here. This amount of money in circulation is affected specifically by the fraction of the money that can be used for making other loans. But the bigger influence is the rate that the Federal Reserve charges for overnight lending. They raise and lower the rates which affects the rates that the banks can lend at while remaining profitable.
In general over the longer term this is true, as a company whom continuously increases earnings year after year will generally continue to increase its share price year after year. However, many times when a company announces increased earning and profits, the share price can actually go down in the short term. This can be due to the market, for example, expecting a 20% increase but the company only announcing a 10% increase. So the price can initially go down. The market could already have priced in a higher increase in the lead up to the announcement, and when the announcement is made it actually disapoints the market, so the share price can go down instead of up.
It absolutely makes sense. The NFL is run by assholes. It has tax exempt status. It denied the link between concussions and brain injuries. The teams demand huge tax breaks and/or stadiums from their home towns, under threat of leaving. The scum of the earth.  Go Lions!
"Yes, it can be done.  See ""Scenario 4"" at Isolating 401(k) basis - Fairmark.com.  Though that article is primarily about getting after-tax 401(k) money into a Roth IRA, Scenario 4 applies to the scenario you are asking about. At a high level you do exactly what you say -- transfer the pre-tax money from your trad IRAs to a 401(k) (btw, a solo 401(k) will work for this also -- doesn't have to be your employer's -- but then you need to be eligible to set up a solo 401(k)).  This is allowed because qualified plans can't accept after after-tax traditional IRA money, so the transfer overrides the usual pro rata rules and ""strains"" the basis out and leaves it in the trad IRA.   However, there's a mismatch between the intent of Congress (as indicated by the Joint Committee on Taxation report on the law) and the actual text of the law as detailed in the Fairmark article which while it doesn't stop you from doing this adds a couple of hoops to jump through if you want to be in total compliance with the law."
Another option is the new 'innovative finance isa' that allow you to put a wrapper round peer to peer lending platform investments. See Zopa, although I don't think they have come out with an ISA yet.
As you are in UK, you should think in terms of Tax Free (interest and accumulated capital gains) ISA type investments for the long term AND/OR open a SIPP (Self Invested Pension Plan) account where you get back the tax you have paid on the money you deposit for your old age. Pensions are  the best bet for money you do not need at present while ISAs are suitable for short term 5 years plus  or longer.
You think having to pay to get on a road is preferential to the government collecting money and letting anyone use the road?  So, I'd have to pay a toll every time I went to the grocery store, or pay for a monthly driving pass?  What if a company bought out the company that owned the road to my house and doubled the toll?   What it was no longer profitable to maintain the road to my small neighborhood?  I'd have to move?  That doesn't sound like a good idea *at all*.
The company that's apparently going to pay this rent wants to treat it as a business expense.  They are asking for your SSN because they expect to issue a 1099-MISC. (They probably gave you a Form W-9? It's not mandatory but it's common to request a taxpayer ID on this form.) There are a couple of issues at play here:
Actually, that does make sense. If the government has less influence over domestic economics, then big business will have no reason to infiltrate it.  Now if we can manage to do that and then re-purpose those subsidies to social reform, that could be nice.
"If you owned a bank how would you invest the bank's money?  Typically banks are involved in loaning out money to businesses, people, and government at a higher interest rate then what they are paying to depositors.  This is the spread and how they make money. If the bank determines that the yields on government bonds is more attractive then loaning the money out to businesses and people then the bank will purchase government bonds.  It can also decide the other way.  In this manner the mortgage and bond markets are always competing for capital and tend to offer very similar yields. Certain banks have the unique privilege of being able to borrow money from the FED at the Federal Funds rate and use this money to purchase government debt or loan it out to other banks or purchase other debt products. In this manner you see a high correlation between the FED funds rate, mortgage rates, and treasury yields.    Other political factors include legislation that encourages mortgage lending (see Community Reinvestment Act) where banks may not have made the loans without said legislation. In short, keep your eye on the FED and ask yourself: ""Does the FED want rates to rise?"" and ""Can the US government afford rising rates?""  The answer to these two questions is no.  However, the FED may be pressured to ""stop the presses"" if inflation becomes unwieldy and the FED actually starts to care about food and energy prices.  So far this hasn't been the case."
For manual conversion you can use many sites, starting from google (type 30 USD in yuan) to sites like xe.com mentioned here. For programmatic conversion, you could use Google Calculator API or many other currency exchange APIs that are available. Beware however that if you do it on the real site, the exchange rate is different from actual rates used by banks and payment processing companies - while they use market-based rates, they usually charge some premium on currency conversion, meaning that if you have something for 30 dollars, according to current rate it may bet 198 yuan, but if he uses a credit card for purchase, it may cost him, for example, 204 yuan. You should be very careful about making difference between snapshot market rates and actual rates used in specific transaction.
You can receive funds from US Client as an individual. There is no legal requirement for you to have a company. If the transactions are large say more than 20 lacs in a year, its advisable to open a Private Ltd. Although its simple opening & Registering a company [A CA or a Laywer would get one at a nominal price of Rs 5000] you can do yourself. Whatever be the case, its advisable to have seperate accounts for this business / professional service transactions. Maintain proper records of the funds received. There are certain benefits you can claim, a CA can help you. Paying taxes in Advance is your responsibility and hence make sure you keep paying every quarter as advance tax. Related questions Indian citizen working from India as freelancer for U.S.-based company. How to report the income & pay tax in India? Freelancer in India working for Swiss Company Freelancing to UK company from India How do I account for money paid to colleagues out of my professional income?
How is putting a gun to a persons head and saying give me your money or else I will cuff you and put you in jail not stealing?  If a person can't muster up enough enough skill (I.e showing up showered) to work an entry level job and they aren't disabled then they are just lazy. We should not be encouraging laziness.
If you just buy a few lotto tickets normally, then no, it's not going to be a good investment, as @Jasper has shown. However, there are certain scenarios where you can get a positive expected value from a lottery. In 2012, it was revealed that some MIT students found a scheme to game the Massachusetts state lottery.  The game, called Cash WinFall, had a quirk in the rules: the jackpot prize was capped at $2 million.  Any money in the jackpot beyond $2 million would increase the payout of the consolation prizes.  Thus, the game would sometimes have a positive expected value.  The return on investment was 15% to 20% — enough for the participants to quit their jobs. This specific loophole is no longer available: a cap was placed on the number of tickets sold per store, then the game was discontinued altogether. Another possible strategy is to buy enough tickets to nearly assure a win, as one investment group did in 1992.  Given a large enough jackpot, this strategy can yield a positive expected value, but not a guaranteed profit. Caveats include: Or, you might be a genius and exploit a flaw in the lottery's pseudorandom number generator, as one statistician did in an Ontario scratch-off lottery in 2011.
The idea of a stockmarket is multiple people betting on the value of an asset and then getting paid the difference between their bet and the real value of the asset.  The goal being to keep the value of the stock as accurate as possible so capital is allocated to companies that will use it most efficiently.  The reward for people making these bets is a portion of that capital.    What you are suggesting is just a graph of the average happiness.  The difficult part of turning this into a market, is being able to assign value to happiness, value that you can gain or lose by choice.      Ironically, money is a indicator of happiness.  When apple came out with the iPhone, people saw it and decided it would make them happier if they owned it creating demand.  Investors noticed that people believed owning an iphone would make them happier so they bid up the price of AAPL stock.  People are happier with their iPhones and investors benefitted from this happiness and got cash allowing them to spend money on things to increase their happiness.    In order to extract happiness from the stock market a lot of other things come into play.  A biotech company curing cancer would be a solution to something that drastically decreases happiness.  Increasing alcohol sales might be a result of people trying to offset the sadness in the short term but in the long term it is a depressant and doesn't make you happy.  An individual might be happier with an extra $10B but overall 1 million people getting $10k each would increase average happiness much more.  But somebody like buffet can invest in companies that can generate way more happiness than just handing out cash.    The happiness report is an annual report of happiness.  Looking at these results next to the Gini coefficient (income inequality), and industry growth by country might start to give you an idea of what affects happiness.  For instance in Africa income inequality could sky rocket while the stock market plummets and happiness could still increase because of public health investments made years ago, causing the infant mortality rate to plummet.  If you want to think about this topic I recommend reading the great escape by Angus Deaton.
Yeah, reddit is full of ppl just trying to push their side/story (usually liberal vs conservative), I figured that it's best to take just a moderate/rational approach and figure out what's best in each situation.   from a purely economic standpoint racism is extremely irrational (there are some specific examples where it can be rational, but that is always due to other external factors making it rational in that specific situation, not because it is actually rational).   Yes, you're right that there is a huge growth potential. Africa tends to have a ton of natural resources per capita and a young population (lots of time left to work/produce) that can produce a lot in their lives. The issues are that they need to cut corruption, focus on educating their citizens, and encourage economic production (stronger property rights really help here!). The battle between religions (specifically strict adherence to Sharia law &amp; Islamic religious doctrine with Al-shabab, ISIS, and Boko Haram) is a huge issue there as well.
Go through the IRS Publication 521. Generally, relocation assistance is given either as : or
"I have seen Dave Ramsey give extremely bad retirement advice in the past. For example, he turned fund fees into a political issue and said people who worry about mutual fund fees are [""from a liberal political perspective...""](https://youtu.be/zR64-Ea_r5U?t=214) They are *actually* concerned about the [compounding returns of investors ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuZvu_h3x1A) and how higher fees will eat at them, rather than the amount of money that investment companies will get in fees. There's no politics involved at all, he's just a blabbering idiot.  I don't see any reason to follow his advice."
"Index funds are well-known to give the best long-term investment. Not exactly. Indexes give the best long term performance when compared to actively managing investments directly in the underlying stocks. That is, if you compare an S&P500 index to trying to pick stocks that are part of it, you're more likely to succeed with blindly following the index than trying to actively beat it. That said, no-one promises that investing in S&P500 is better than investing in DJIA, for example. These are two different indexes tracking different stocks and areas. So when advisers say ""diversify"" they don't mean it that you should diversify between different stocks that build up the S&P500 index. They mean that you should diversify your investments in different areas. Some in S&P500, some in DJIA, some in international indexes, some in bond indexes, etc. Still, investing in various indexes will likely yield better results than actively managing the investments trying to beat those indexes, but you should not invest in only one, and that is the meaning of diversification. In the comments you asked ""why diversify at all?"", and that is entirely a different question from your original ""what diversification is?"". You diversify to reduce the risk of loss from one side, and widen the net for gains from another. The thing is that any single investment can eventually fail, regardless of how it performed before. You can see that the S&P500 index lost 50% of its value twice within ten years, whereas before it was doubling itself every several years. Many people who were only invested in that index (or what's underlying to it) lost a lot of money. But consider you've diversified, and in the last 20 years you've invested in a blend of indexes that include the S&P500, but also other investments like S&P BSE SENSEX mentioned by Victor below. You would reduce your risk of loss on the American market by increasing your gains on the Indian market. Add to the mix soaring Chinese Real Estate market during the time of the collapse of the US real-estate, gains on the dollar losing its value by investing in other currencies (Canadian dollar, for example), etc. There are many risks, and by diversifying you mitigate them, and also have a chance to create other potential gains. Now, another question is why invest in indexes. That has been answered before on this site. It is my opinion that some methods of investing are just gambling by trying to catch the wave and they will almost always fail, and rarely will individual stock picking beat the market. Of course, after the fact its easy to be smart and pick the winning stocks. But the problem is to be able to predict those charts ahead of time."
"Yeah that's the big global wealth redistribution scam of it. China already has hive cities like something out of Sci-Fi movies. But it's still a ""developing economy"" so doesn't have to cut any emissions apparently lol. It's no wonder they were happy to sign along with every other 3rd world nobody who loses nothing by doing so."
I wouldn't choose any of the above. Buying stocks and staying long in my case is the cheapest way to go (retail brokerage commissions have just been getting cheaper and cheaper. )   The added costs of trading options make it even dicier for me, a retail investor, to take risks. To understand how to make money with options, I'd have to be much more sophisticated investor.
Sorry, I didn't mean to knock your post.  I do think you have valid points.  I think it's great to see discussions on the pros and cons on the VC/Start-up world.  My previous work experience was at a start-up that made it big (sold 90% to News Corp at $400mm valuation), but was funded by angel investors, so it was a different situation.  I'm currently getting my MBA now so am looking at the space from both the VC perspective and the Start-up perspective.  VCs can provide real value to start-ups, and they can also harm them.  However, no one is forcing the start-ups to take VC money; most do because it provides a higher probability for a faster path to success.  The investment doesn't come free obviously, as you pointed out.  The hours are horrible and you lose significant control.  In many situations founders are taken away from the main leadership role.  That doesn't seem fair.  However, if someone sold the voting shares of their company, they are opting in for that risk.  The truth of the matter is that a lot of the people who are amazing at the ideas that birth the start-ups are horrible at the day-to-day management.  Sometimes VCs step in and make the necessary changes to ensure the best chance at company profitability.  Is it fair? Yes.  Does it suck for the person ousted, absolutely.  It's an oversimplification to say this is all bad or all good.  It all depends on the situation.  However, yes, there are VCs who are predatory and use their superior knowledge of how business, financing, and whatever else work to extract as much as they can from their portfolio companies.  Yet there are also some who honestly love the industry and want to help companies grow.    Your article's stance is good because it prompts a discussion.  However, as I originally felt, it does not do it as effectively as it could in my opinion.  That's awesome you got a ton of re-tweets, but as you say on your blog, it's about substance, not the glitter and rainbows.    Edit: Voting brigades don't count as glitter and rainbows?
I wasn't arguing that people shouldn't be able to have sex or that it should be restricted in any way, so I'm not sure what strawman you are arguing.  All I did was ask a question and point out the obvious which is that if you have an irresponsible person, giving them free condoms isn't likely to prevent unwanted pregnancies because an irresponsible person isn't likely to *use* them. They have to have a certain level of responsibility to even have the foresight to consider the long-term consequences of getting pregnant first (and obviously Fran failed at that... *twice!*).  For teenagers, the availability of condoms/contraceptives may help since the problem for them may be the embarrassment of going to the store to buy them, but this isn't the same as not being able to *afford* them.
One of the links showed: Specifically, for 2013, your child can contribute the lesser of: her earned income for the year or $5,500. This is correct. And while I have no issue with fool.com in general, I am a strong believer that when one cites numbers like this, the article should also state the year involved. As I quoted above.  Littleadv's answer was pretty comprehensive. All I'd add is that for a child who is likely in the zero bracket for earned income, the Roth is preferable.  Last, not to nit-pick, but the deposit does not need to be their money. My daughter earned $2300 in 2012, her $2000 Roth deposit can be from my gift to her. Or from any source. No paper trail as to the source of income is required, only that the income exist.  On re-reading I see I left out - the deposits can be spread over as many accounts as you wish, and the total is for IRA/Roth IRA total. It's silly to take small sums and create multiple accounts. Until the value is above a certain level, just find the one broker who can cover what you want to invest in.
Buy a home. A home is the first and best investment, u can own a home with as little as 3% down and as u pay for your living u pay it off.....also banks will always give you equity loans in case you need your money
Generally it is advisable to mention what country you're asking about, as tax laws differ. To the best of my knowledge, however, this particular issue is handled consistently in every tax jurisdiction I'm familiar with. You invested X, it appreciated and is now worth X + Y. In your example, X = $10,000 and Y = $40,000. Total X + Y = $50,000. When you withdraw an amount, say A (in your example A = $10,000), it is considered a withdrawal of both the earnings and the original capital, in proportion to the total of your account. Taxable portion of the withdrawal is proportional to the earnings. Lets mark it T. In your example, T = $10,000 - $10,000 * $10,000/$50,000 = $8,000. I.e.: 80% of the withdrawal will be attributed to earnings and would be taxable (short term in your case, if you're in the US), and 20% to the original capital. This will keep the proportion of the remained the same - 20% of the remaining amount will be attributed to the original capital (accidentally, it will be $8,000), and the remaining 80% will be attributed to the earnings. The withdrawn amount attributed to the capital ($2,000), and the remaining amount attributed to the capital ($8,000) will equal exactly to the invested amount.
"&gt; ...from McConnell's POV, that's where the amorphous ""spirit of the system"" was broken.   I don't see how.  Scalia's nomination happened in a Republican controlled Senate.  Bork's nomination happened in a Democrat controlled one.  Also twice before, with Haynsworth in 1969 and Carswell in 1970, a Democrat Senate rejected a Republican appointment so Bork was not unprecedented.  Since that same time, a Democrat Senate has approved 7 Supreme Court justices appointed by a Republican president.  The last time a Republican Senate approved a Democrat appointment?  1895.  Even if you're right about McConnell's opinion, then he should have brought the nomination to the floor and insured it failed as that would have been an equal violation of the spirit of the system.  He went beyond that.  &gt; The topic at hand is healthcare...  Agreed, and a bipartisan healthcare bill is not possible while the Republican party acts without integrity.  &gt; As many times as it takes to find someone on the other side to work with to actually accomplish anything.  I understand the perspective and embraced it twenty years ago.  Today I see this as purposefully bringing a knife to a gunfight.  &gt; No GOP senator who failed to Repeal is going to want to talk about health care at all come re-election time...  If it is a hot-button issue, I disagree.  They will either blame the Democrats for obstructing real reform or blame Democrats for the compromise Republicans had to make.  Think about the ACA.  Republicans have made it an incredibly divisive issue despite the fact that the core is a Republican solution and most of the talking-point problems are either illusion on Republican caused.  &gt; Deeper trenches just lead to a longer war.  Bill Maher has a joke I like: ""The left has moved right and the right has moved into the loony bin.""  I think the Democrats generally don't dig in and as a result ended up digging new trenches further to the right of where they were.  Republicans now push mantras like ""Government is the problem, not the solution"", ""Freer markets lead to more opportunity"", ""You will get more money by letting the rich keep more of theirs"", and ""Immigrants and the poor are taking your job.""  This narrative is toxic and is only emboldened with Democrat willingness to keep communication open.  Thanks for your well thought out reply, /u/BigKev47."
Sounds about right. Also note that you're usually at the mercy of your job for what's available; if all your choices are terrible (high fees and or low interest), that should figure into your calculations.
"to me, the most relevant question after reading article is ""does Google get more information from me by using Chrome instead of FF? assuming google.com is my default search anyway."" I've always been wary of Chrome just because of this question. ??"
Depends on what you are, an investor or a speculator. An investor will look at an 'indefinite' investment period. A speculator will be after a fast buck. If you are an investor, buy your stock once as that will cost less commissions. After all, you'll sell your stock in 10, 15, 20 years.
"Actually no. People were independant long before the concept of a ""modern"" school came into being. People are able to teach themselves. Why should I go to another country to be happy? Why can't I buy a piece of land and stay on it and take care of myself without being extorted?"
Just take it to a bank that will count it and give you cash or put it in your account.  Don't bother counting it and rolling it.  They will just break the rolls and throw it into a change counting machine.  I did that once and never will again after I saw that years ago.  The local bank I used for this offered it as a free service. You could also use those coinstar machines found in many grocery stores and various outlets, but they take like 8 or 9%.  Unless time/hassle is of concern, why do that when there are possible free options?
I like the one about writing several versions. I think that is key. If I find myself stuck, sometimes I just say to myself “what are you trying to say?” and then I write down the answer. Then I can take that and hone it. Nice article!
No, I did not get upset or went overboard. Sorry if you got that impression.  I am discussing this topic with you.  To summarize: the future is exchangeable battery because no battery today and in the near future can be used for a very long drive.  You will pay only for the electricity you consumed from the battery. You will pay more per KW than you pay for KW consumed at home because you have to pay for additional costs and profits by Tesla.  You will not pay for the battery because you don't own the battery. It's exchanged every time.  If you want, and you mostly do short drives, you can buy a car with a fixed set of batteries, costing a lot of money, but you will not have to pay the fees for KW you charge into it at your home.
What I did not understand when I first called is that margin able account means the ability to borrow margin, but not the necessity of borrowing. Like I was saying, it is something I am going to do a lot of due diligence on before I plunge in. I have a general vague idea of futures, and thus why I was asking for info on the matter.
I've seen this approach to buying/funding cars described in a couple of different ways over the years. Random thoughts:
Depending on your income, you may owe AMT instead of the taxes from the regular code.  Even if you don't do that, you may hit the place where you have to at least check if you owe AMT. As you probably know, AMT was established early on to catch the wealthiest of tax payers who were able to use various loop holes in the code to pay much less tax than one would expect.  Over time the limits on AMT have not risen with the rising wage gap, and AMT catches an increasing number of tax payers each year.  If the limit is not raised at all for 2010 then it will catch even more people this year.   AMT has worked it's way into the upper-middle class fairly solidly, especially if you exercise stock options whose strike price is significantly different than the current sale price.
You should fund the 401(k) and get the 4% matching because it's free money. When you leave the US, patience is a virtue to get the money penalty-free: Or you can take the 10% penalty and take out the money all at once. You'll still owe income tax in either case, something to keep in mind if an early withdrawal would put you into a higher tax bracket. Also see this article: Can Foreigners Withdraw 401(k) Funds Early? Another thing to keep in mind is that you never know what might happen -- you could fall in love with the US (or someone in the US, [smiley face]), apply for residency, decide to stay a long time, and that 401(k) with the 4% matching might turn out to have been a very nice thing when you retire.
There are two common filings under the bankruptcy code. Chapter 11 provides for the company to be reorganized and prevents the creditors from suing for their debts for a period. Hopefully the company becomes profitable and can pay the creditors later, possibly negotiating a reduction in debt, or an exchange of stock for debt. Chapter 7 is liquidation, in which the company is sold with the proceeds going to the creditors. (I may have some of this wrong, as I am just writing this off the top of my head.)
Social contract is what makes a society work.  I don't see how it is rooted in theft.  If an individual doesn't want to honor it, I suppose the proper thing to do is to leave and find a place that better suits them.  One story I've read of people renouncing their US citizenship was about expatriates who can't afford to pay US taxes on top of local taxes.  I can empathize with a situation like that.  At least they're not trying to have it both ways by not paying taxes and remain US citizens.
Okay let's try this a different way. Completely forget about what the bond is with. Here is how a bond works:   * You get paid interest for holding the bond (5% interest means a coupon of $50 assuming one coupon a year)    * At the end of the bond term (maturity) you get paid $1000.     In your scenario, you get paid the $50 as an interest payment and the $1000 final payment.    If you only had the bond for one year, your total payment will be $1050.     Try drawing a timeline to visualise it a bit better
"An international Outlook (in this case Sweden in European Union). According to laws and regulations large cash transactions are considered conspicuous. The law makers might have reasoned is that cash transactions can be used in as example: - financing terrorism - avoiding taxes - buying or selling illegal goods such as drugs or stolen items - general illegal transactions such as paying bribes Starting there, all banks (at least in Europe) are required to report all suspicious transactions to the relevant authorities (in Sweden it is Finanspolisen, roughly the Financial Police). This is regardless of how the transactions are performed, in cash or otherwise. In order to monitor this all banks in Sweden are required to ""know the customers"", as example where does money come from and go to in general. In addition special software monitors all transactions and flags suspicious patterns for further investigation and possibly notification of the police. So, at least in Sweden: there is no need to get permission from the FBI to withdraw cash. You will however be required to describe the usage of the Money and your description will be kept and possibly sent to the Financial police. The purpose is not to hinder legitimate transactions, but to Catch illegal activities."
The thing you get wrong is that you think the LLC doesn't pay taxes on gains when it sells assets.  It does. In fact, in many countries LLC are considered separate entities for tax properties and you have double taxation - the LLC pays its own taxes, and then when you withdraw the money from the LLC to your own account (i.e.: take dividends) - you pay income tax on the withdrawal again. Corporate entities usually do not have preferential tax treatment for investments. In the US, LLC is a pass-though entity (unless explicitly chosen to be taxed as a corporation, and then the above scenario happens). Pass-through entities (LLCs and partnerships) don't pay taxes, but instead report the gains to the owners, which then pay taxes as if the transaction was their personal one. So if you're in the US - investing under LLC would have no effect whatsoever on your taxes, or adverse effect if you chose to treat it as a corporation. In any case, investing in stocks is not a deductible expense, and as such doesn't reduce profits.
"The first thing you should visit a store that has a good selection. If there are only one or two choices, how can you possibly know you've bought the right one? If you want to Soccer ball for kids, then you can visit our online store ""Best Soccer Balls"". We have a wide selection of the best soccer balls. It also helps if the store has knowledgeable salespeople, so it might be a good idea to ask around."
I'm pretty sure it's merchant-dependent.  If a credit card transaction doesn't go through, PayPal will automatically charge your bank account.  Some merchants may want that extra insurance.
Why do all this work yourself? Pay a modest price to have a professional do this for you. Look at the tickers PUTX, PUTW.
That is kinda my point. I can also secure my machine 100%, but it makes me unhappy to do so. But in fact the human component is still a large weak spot, for any network. So no matter how secure you make it, as long as you have humans interacting, you have vulnerabilities. And making your employees unhappy seems like a poor way to deal with that.
The US spends more on its military than the next 8 countries combined. This level of expenditure is insane and completely unnecessary. Mostly as a result of the relevant businesses buying off politicians.   Europe will never spend such amounts because it's just stupid to do so
It is a good opportunity for those people who want  to spend the vacation and make rememberable events, You should find the good rated great escapist team inside escape rooms. We have the fabulous event which is unforgetable services. It is good pleasure things for us that we get the chance to serve you. Escape rooms diversions as in Corporate team building escape rooms fort Lauderdale plan to test your critical thinking and analyst aptitudes. If you want to come here with your family, you can bring your family without hesitation. We provide the full security and corporate with our customers. There is no more place so beautiful and attractive.
One other issue you may face is when the company announces poor financial results and begins to tank, you will not be able to sell until the US market open and could incur a lot of pain.
A USD bank draft from any of the major Canadian banks is a good solution. They clear quickly in the U.S. I use them frequently and have never had a problem depositing them in a U.S. bank account.  If you carry more than $10k across the border, even as a cheque, be sure to declare it.
Sure:  http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/YourMoney/story?id=129651 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK50972/ cbo.gov and a dozen other sources are just one short google search away.  That's true. Then I guess we should start charging fees for their use instead of taxes for police and courts. Fine by me.  Mandatory public healthcare can't be financed without introducing excessively progressive tax rates for a more wealthy minority. We agree on the subsidies though.
"I will expand on Bacon's comment. When you are married, and you acquire any kind of property, you automatically get a legal agreement.  In most states that property is owned jointly and while there are exceptions that is the case most of the time.   When you are unmarried, there is no such assumption of joint acquisition.  While words might be said differently between the two parties, if there is nothing written down and signed then courts will almost always assume that only one party owns the property.  Now unmarried people go into business all the time, but they do so by creating legally binding agreements that cover contingencies.  If you two do proceed with this plan, it is necessary to create those documents with the help of a lawyer.  Although expensive paying for this protection is a small price in relation to what will probably be one of the largest purchases in your lives. However, I do not recommend this.  If Clayton can and wants to buy a home he should.  Emma can rent from Clayton.  That rent could any amount the two agree on, including zero.  If the two do get married, well then Emma will end up owning any equity after that date.  If they stay together until death, it is likely that she (or her heirs) will own half of it anyway.  Also if this house is sold, the equity pass into larger house they buy after marriage, then that will be owned jointly. If they do break up, the break up is clean and neat.  Presumably she would have paid rent anyway, so nothing is lost.  Many people run into trouble having to sell at a bad time in a relationship that coincides with a weak housing market.  In that case, both parties lose.   So much like Bacon's advice I would not buy jointly.  There is no upside, and you avoid a lot of downside. Don't play ""house"" by buying a home jointly when you are unmarried."
I have shoes in 10, 10.5, and 11 in my closet right now.   I think sizing between the same _types_ of shoes tends to be reasonably consistent (ex trainers from Nike and Adidas, though I did have an issue with that recently)- but you'll be different comparing say, boots to dress shoes to those trainers.   FWIW I generally tend to size down 0.5-1 for boots depending on their last, actual size for dress shoes, and up half a size for athletics.
"Increase in A/R in balance sheet includes the A/R of acquired businesses. Change in A/R in cash flow statement might say ""excluding effects of business acquisitions""."
No. There is no good option. They can't release the whales cause they will die and the can't do the shows because people will be upset. Now I guess the whales get to sit in a tank until they die with little to no interaction from people.
&gt;Cost him? The juicing was what earned him the money in the first place.  *citation needed*  The only evidence of juicing to come out after years and years of tests showing up clean was Armstrong getting tired of arguing with critics and constantly having to defend himself. **This** is the only evidence of juicing on his part.
"There's currently not much reason to keep around a long-term non-deductible Traditional IRA in my opinion -- a Roth IRA is almost strictly better. Think about it: a non-deductible Traditional IRA vs. a Roth IRA of the same amount. In both cases, contributions are after-tax (so no tax deduction). But when you withdraw, for the Roth IRA you don't have to pay tax, and for the non-deductible Traditional IRA, you have to pay tax on the ""earnings"". A Roth IRA can be contributed to at pretty much any income level, thanks to the backdoor Roth IRA process (which uses a temporary non-deductible Traditional IRA in the process). So there is not much reason for a long-term non-deductible Traditional IRA. As for your question, a non-deductible Traditional IRA vs. a taxable account. Well, a non-deductible Traditional IRA is contributed to with after-tax money, and taxed on the earnings only on withdrawal. So the taxation is almost identical to things like stocks and homes, where the gain is not realized until the thing is sold. However, compared to things like savings accounts and bonds, where you get taxed on the interest yearly, it is much better. Every time you get taxed on gains like this, it is taxing gains earned from after-tax money, so if you think of an amount of money as being equivalent to the amount of money it grows to over time (time value of money), then it is taxing money that is (or grown from money that is) already taxed. So it is better to have this only happen at the end at withdrawal than every year."
(Sourced from my rectum.)  A good salesman doesn't just sell software, they sell themselves, more specifically, they sell themselves to the company.  They will sell the company they are with that they are worth it, and that they should be compensated appropriately.  If the programmers had the same savvy in the same nature, odds are they wouldn't be making the program, but, the company would likely note their ability to sell themselves, and prefer them on the sales team.  Sure, without the programmers, they wouldn't have as much to sell, but, the right salesman would be able to pull in more profit for the company than having the right product would.
That actually sheds some useful light on the whole matter. As long as $client gets the paperwork in order, all will likely be well.   Had a discussion with $client today about their recurring practices, just to establish a baseline for their understanding of the same. Not because I know there is or is not a concern, but because their business is risk management and that is a risk worth managing. Or at least worth understanding the scope of the risk and potential exposure.
Dividends yield and yield history are often neglected, but are very important factors that you should consider when looking at a stock for long-term investment. The more conservative portion of my portfolio is loaded up with dividend paying stocks/MLPs like that are yielding 6-11% income. In an environment when deposit and bond yields are so poor, they are a great way to earn reasonably safe income.
What a coincidence! This was an exam question for my business law class.  The main reason why individuals are not allowed to deduct expenses is because income tax revenue would be zero.  The reason being, if an individual is allowed to deduct expenses he/she would spend 100% of their income and deduct it all on their tax returns, which would mean he/she would pay virtually no income tax. This is bad for the gov't and the economy.  It's bad for the gov't because they loose tax revenue, and it's bad for the economy because people would not have any savings for tough times, which can send the economy into a negative spiral.
In the world of searching a proper taxi service around Australia, Limo Rental and Limousine Hire is a unique posture to have sustain an identity and enjoy the proper ride. A certain web portal is available to sort people's problems and provide them high classified Rental.
I like Trader Joe's, but I first noticed these aspects of the business model in about 1984. Some of what they sell is good, some is bad, and all of it is put in the most romantically humble packaging. Service is excellent.  If only Saab understood the affluent pseudo-hippie market as well as TJ's does.  Boy, some of the prepared meals they sell really suck. Those burritos: gack! And the produce has the power to turn you off food entirely, if you catch them on a bad streak - for a while, the nuts were virtually inedible.Still, the cheddar popcorn is more addictive than heroin.
So what? Everybody knows that labor statistics go well beyond a single metric (funny how the article ends up focusing only on one). The US Bureau of Labor statistics already provides different measurements of unemployment.  The 23.3% figure comes from shadowstats, which is well know to be entirely bullshit.
There are not as many options here as you fear. If you have no other investments outside this 401K it is even easier. Outside accounts include IRA, Roth IRA, taxable investments (mutual funds, ETF, individual stocks), Employee stock purchase plans. Amount: make sure you put enough in to get all the company match. I assume that in your case the 9% will do so, but check your documents. The company match will be with pre-tax funds.  Roth vs Regular 401K? Most people in their lifetime will need a mix of Roth and Regular retirement accounts. You need to determine if it is better for you to pay the tax on your contributions now or later. Which accounts? If you are going to invest in a target date fund, you can ignore the rest of the options. The target date fund is a mixture of investments that will change over the decades. Calculate which one fits your expected retirement date and go with it. If you want to be able to control the mix, then you will need to pick several funds. The selection depends on what non-401K investments you have. Now here is what I considered the best advice.  Decide Roth or regular, and just put the money into the most appropriate target date fund with the Roth/regular split you want. Then after the money starts flowing into your account, research the funds involved, the fees for those funds, and how you want to invest. Then move the money into the funds you want. Don't waste another day deciding how to invest. Just get started. The best part of a 401K, besides the match, is that you can move money between funds without worrying about taxes. If you realize that you want to put extra emphasis on the foreign stocks, or Mid-cap; just move the funds and redirect future contributions.
This page and this page on the ATO website provide some information on tax rates. They're rather lengthy and there's a few exceptions, but essentially, your entire foreign income, even if held overseas, is taxable. Australians are taxed worldwide.
&gt;  I think it's a caste thing.   That sounds like upward mobility... and market clearing (people finding their true worth in the marketplace)... the opposite of a caste thing, surely? Or maybe I as a European just don't understand the caste system.
"So, um... **what's the big fucking deal?**  He works for the Port Authority, so any of you getting your panties in a bunch because you think ""OUR TAX DOLLARZ"" are going to pay his salary are just wrong.  He works 80 hours a week, so he's basically got two $110k jobs.  And he works in New York City, where $100k a year doesn't really even go that far unless you live in the ghetto and commute in every day.  Really not sure what there is to be outraged about in this report.  Clearly a lot of people here are just broke and jealous."
this is exactly why we need to enact legislation that counters that mentality.   if McDonald's had to pay that $15/hr for each employee fired for automation into a fund for works who are unemployed due to automation i think they might reconsider.
"You are not wrong: in 6 years on reddit, this is the biggest circlejerk I've witnessed, other than Sagan.  It's really sad that you're getting downvoted, because it would be nice to see a back-and-forth discussion of the future of the company.  I happen to think that Tesla is doing something admirable, but, yes, they're doing it with substantial subsidies, and they're simply not providing an affordable product. They're doing the right thing, but they're not working miracles: they're producing a low-volume niche product that will help how people think of cars.  This reminds me of a discussion of Leica lenses, in which somebody smarter than I am simply wrote: ""Any number of lens manufactures can produce a superlative 50mm f/2 lens for $1500.""  Come on, folks. Elon Musk is not working miracles. He's just doing the right thing. Tesla is not some genius-ubermensch-paradigm-exploding supercompany."
Um, where did I say the ends justifies the means?  What I am saying, for the tenth time now, is that these animals are born, raised and killed to be our food.  Period.  Thats it.  What does it matter if he is mean to a turkey, that is going to be eaten in a few weeks?  Its that simple.  Its our food.    What, am I not supposed to be rough with my carrots as I pull them out of the ground?  They are living, they are food, they are under the same circumstances as the turkey is.    Again, how you can eat turkey, then complain how the turkey is raised, is amazing to me.  More over, spend the energy worrying about how our food is raised on something that effects everyone, such as education or health care, both of which deserve more of our attention than a turkey, raised to be slaughtered.  Again, you are putting words into my mouth and changing the situation to meet your argument.  We are not talking about dogs in Korea, or Gorilla poaching, or gall-bladder draining.  We are talking about a turkey, that is raised to be killed.  No where did I mention ends justifying the means or anything along those lines.
First, you can never trust what USPS says about the status of your package. I have had tracking numbers that said they were pending receipt of the package up to and including the day I received the package myself. It's a nice feature, but nothing to rely on.  Second, she cancelled the order after not receiving it in 6 days?? I've shipped things New York to California (or vice versa) that took 10 business days to arrive before. A few times because of bad weather in between, and several times because they attempted delivery and I was not available, or because the shipper wasn't able to get it to the post office 3 or 4 days later than they said they would when they filled out the label. Cancelling your order after 6 days is jumping the gun a bit.  I don't blame the company for initially saying they couldn't refund her purchase since their records showed it was fulfilled. I WANT to jump on the bandwagon disliking the company for their response, but let's be honest here - ars technica did not reproduce her communications to the company verbatim like they did the company's messages to her. She could have written much more crazy that would make the company's response seem tame and level headed in comparison.  Trying to collect the $250 is ridiculous, you're allowed to have an opinion about a company and espouse that to others. But let's not grab our pitchforks over how horrible this company was to treat this lady this way for not getting her iPhone case to her in 6 days.
The economic effect of a CFD from your point of view is very close to the effect of owning the stock. If the stock goes up, you make money. If it goes down you lose money. If it pays a dividend, you get that dividend. You'll typically pay commission for buying and selling the CFDs in a similar way to the commission on stock purchases, though one of the advertised advantages of CFDs is that the commission will be lower. They also often have tax advantages, for example in the UK you don't have to pay stamp duty on CFDs. In theory you are exposed to credit risk on the CFD issuer, which you aren't with the real stocks: if the issuer goes bankrupt, you may lose any money you have invested regardless of how well the stock has performed. It's certainly similar to a bet, but not much more so than investing directly in the stock. In practice the issuer of the CFDs is likely to hedge its own exposure by actually buying the underlying stocks directly, but they can aggregate across lots of contracts and they would tolerate some unhedged exposure to the stock, so they can cut down on the transaction fees. You also won't get the same voting rights as the underlying stock would grant you.
If you would like to use linux I suggest you to use KMyMoney http://kmymoney2.sourceforge.net/ It is based on gnucash but it is easier to use IMO
The simple answer should be easy to find: Call your local place, inquire about the price, and then divide that cost by the cost of shaving supplies per year (don't forget to account for your time!) to get the number of years it would have to last to reach the break-even point. Some have indicated that laser hair removal does not last forever; if it does not last at least as long as the break-even point, then it is not more economical. If it does, then it is.  This is only one data point in the decision, but it should be fairly straightforward to calculate. Like all grooming services, I expect there is a range of prices, so you may want to call more than one location.
You write loaded statements. Force is probably gunna be the only way. Current banking structure is complete fuckery. Too big to fall, consequence free institutions and you speak of them as if they will treat, you or anyone fairly.
The Truths about BlueHost Reviews in addition to Discounts When analyzing BlueHost reviews as well as price cuts, one can discover value-for-money hosting services. For those that have services and desire complete functionality with a reasonable expense, BlueHost is the complete. It supplies limitless disk storage area, drag as well as decrease site professional, worldwide domain support, cPanel control, FTP accessibility and also a whole lot a lot more.
How can I maximize profits? How much money do I need to invest in tax liens? The fact that you are asking this questions means you are not ready for such investments. These are very risk and time consuming investments. Investopedia has a good article on this.
You are talking to the wrong people.  Debt collectors are not intimidated by anything you say. Call and tell them that, before you pay the debt, they need to get the paperwork from the company to verify that you actually owe them the money and the amount.  You need copies of the original paperwork. This alone may resolve the issue.  If not, then call the client company and explain that THEIR debt collection agency is talking to the wrong person.  Explain why you are not that person. It may be necessary to tell them that your lawyer advised you that they will be personally held responsible for any damages that you may incur from this debt collector's actions.  The client is the one who needs to be intimidated.
"You can accept almost anything mutually agreeable to you and the other party as payment. That's the definition of ""barter"". If you agree to trade manufactured goods for livestock, as long as both parties agree on the terms, I'm not aware of any law that would prohibit it. I hedged with ""almost"" because of course you can't accept something that is explicitly illegal. Like you can't say you'll accept cocaine as payment. Less obviously, there are laws regulating the sale of guns, nuclear fuel, agricultural products, etc. You'd still have to pay taxes, and it can get complicated to determine the taxable value of the transaction. Sorry, but you can't avoid taxes by getting your income in something other than cash."
"Awesome news! Securing one for this last year will really help your case.  That way you can put the extracurricular stuff you've outlined above as well as the two internships.  Network like crazy. The sad reality is with such limited work opps, it's really more of a ""who do you know"", so I highly suggest connecting with alumni from your school and get feed back on what else you can do to start off on the right food in your career track. LinkedIn is a huge amazing tool and I recommend shelling out some $ for the premium (think you get pretty good discount as a student).  When I was looking for jobs recently, I'd literally send InMails to alumni that worked in the companies/fields I want to go into, and the responses were very positive.  Shamelessly ask for referrals when it comes time to apply, or at least ask questions about culture so you can ace that part of the interview.               We didn't mean to knock those down, it's just that the job market these days really wants to see legit experience and preferably for a steady amount of time (so 1 year carries more weight than 1 summer)"
"You are opening up a large can of worms with how you are doing this.  In very positive years, you'll have taxes based on your income, potential Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT), etc. Each of the family members may be in a lower bracket, perhaps even needing to pay zero on capital gains.  Even if you are 100% honest, if you are subject to a lawsuit, these funds are all in your name, and you'd be in a tough situation explaining to a court that these assets aren't ""really"" yours, but belong to family.  And last, the movement of large chunks of money needs to be accounted for, and can easily run afoul of gifting rules.  As mhoran stated, a Power of Attorney (POA) avoids this. When my father-in-law passed, I took over my mother-in-law's finances, via POA. I sign in to my brokerage account, and her accounts are there. I can trade, deal with her Individual Retirement Account (IRA) Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) each year, and issue checks to her long term care facility. It's all under her social security number - our money isn't intermingled."
"&gt;The right answer is probably a mixture of two.  Agreed 100%. We need a smart approch to spending and cutting spending on deadweight projects that don't help the economy. Many Congressmen from both parties have been spending on crap to get reelected for many years and clearly aren't getting much done with it. My dad is an administrator in state government and gets so fed up with the useless ""pork"" spending that we at the state and national level. Fuck these guys looking good to their constiuents and get some real bang for the buck. That is the only way we will get through this."
"to answer the question in the title of your post...  + convince your fellow Euro nations to accept austerity,  + convince them to elect responsible governments,  + demand transparency from your leaders, and...  + make sure this never ever happens again.   Alternatively, build a time machine and go back in time to either...  + immigrate to another part of the world,  + sabotage the corruption of the PIGS nations,  + prevent the formation of a shared currency, or finally,  + do something to ensure Germany didn't lose WWII, as letting them be in charge of everybody's money would appear to be a sound financial decision.   That is how you negate the impact of the Euro collapsing.  Now, on to the details of your question...  I believe your initial assessment is correct. If one accountable nation were responsible for the solvency of its currency, it could be trusted indefinitely. As is the case with the Euro, as no one country is directly responsible for it, the less responsible governments are in a race to exploit it as much as possible.  Remember, ""Spain no es Zimbabwe!""  I think Euro zone nations will be lucky if all that comes of this is the fall of the Euro. Wars between nations have been fought over less significant developments than what Greece, Italy and Spain have done to the financial stability of their Euro zone counterparts.  Foreign gold trusts, possession of physical precious metals and precious metal ETFs (GLD is one stock ticker of such a fund, although I would look to a similar fund issued by a company with better physical gold audits) can hedge your currency risk. Check with local laws regarding physical possession of gold. In the USA when we left the gold standard for our currency, the government confiscated all privately owned precious metals and raided customer bank security boxes. Assess your own risk of that sort of thing happening."
"I am very skeptical of the claims that self-driving vehicles will change behaviors. I am on-board with them replacing drivers in taxi/Uber, buses and freight. I don't see them changing the convenience or ""pride of ownership"" for individuals at all. Especially in mid-sized and small cities and rural areas.  We can already see this with things like city bikes. They haven't reduced the rate of ownership for bicycles at all. People want their own stuff. That won't change just because a car can drive itself."
I would like to open a bra shop, since where I live we have Victoria's Secret and nothing else.  I have a name and logo thought out, and always keep an eye out for reasonable locations.  I've talked myself out of moving forward with it, because it seems any time there's talk of a store fancier than a Walmart/Dollar store coming to town, everyone gets on about it being a working class/blue collar town, and how no one can afford x/y/z.  Good bras aren't cheap.  I'd also need to hire staff, because I'm not keen on being that close to people.  I've daydreamed about bars and restaurants, with questionable, kitschy themes.
These 'issues' don't exclusively relate to the 'sharing economy', the challenge of uncertainty would exist for any small business / independent contractor. It's not as if people didn't work as independent contractors in these industries before, it's just now the industries are being enhanced and overhead lowered, from technology.  For example:  Uber driver vs Medallion [Leasing] Taxi Driver  AirBNB landlord vs Apartment landlord, vacation rental landlord, or traditional bed &amp; breakfast owner.  PostMates messenger vs traditional bike messenger
Workers have the ability to do this anytime they wish - by pooling their capital and buying or creating a company.  Wall St. is not the only way to do this, though it's usually the most efficient way.  What this really is is a thinly veiled defense of Syndecalism (a fav of that chimp Chomsky's)  which, in turn, is a variant of Marxism.  What's important about these degenerate worldviews is that they want the workers to own the means of production *without* having to pony up their own capital.  It's all very sophisticated, you see and it worked out really well in China, the USSR, Cuba, Mongolia, and host of other socialist workers' paradises ...
Until there is a significant price pressure, it’s always going to be cost prohibitive to build high in earthquake prone zones.  Those mitigation measures don’t come cheap at all.  As for the skyline, eh, that’s subjective. If the local culture values a “small town” or even bucolic feel, keeping buildings below tree lines isn’t regressive at all.
"Firstly, ""the government"" is the people. So should the Government be involved in Fire and Police departments, military services, roads/highways, water/sewer, the electrical grid, air transportation, trains, the National Parks, schools, libraries, state colleges, zoning and municipal bylaws? The government exists to serve the people's interests and not those of profiteering business lobbyists."
From the hover text of the said screen; Latest dividend/dividend yield Latest dividend is dividend per share paid to shareholders in the most   recent quarter. Dividend yield is the value of the latest dividend,   multiplied by the number of times dividends are typically paid per   year, divided by the stock price. So for Ambev looks like the dividend is inconsistantly paid and not paid every quarter.
If you are looking for quality work on your basement or crawl space and you live in the Chicago Land area then you need to check out Concrete Crawlspaces Corp.  These guys are leading the way in their industry and they do great work.
The deal is expected to close sometime in Q4. The fluctuation though the day is just noise. The price will reflect a discount to the full takeover value, reflecting the risk of the deal falling through.  Cashless exercise is a good idea if you don't wish to own any QVC shares.
3:44 PM EDT happens when this comment is 4 hours and 23 minutes old.  You can find the live countdown here: https://countle.com/PIo16101q  ---  I'm a bot, if you want to send feedback, please comment below or send a PM.
People have to write that program.. and someone has to upkeep the program and make it interact with an os that is changing not to mention people have to actually use the program also there is always better and more complex programs to write i wouldnt be suprised if the jobs lost through software automation are replaced by programmers and technicians
great example of levered tracking error is any 2x/3x VIX etf. during periods of high volatility (like last week) you will be able to realize much higher returns on the underlying index as the levered and inverse ETFs are unable to replicate their intended performance using market securities.  it is not uncommon to see the VIX up ~30% with levered ETFs only netting ~10-12% as opposed to the intended 60 or 90%, for example
That is absolute rubbish.  Warren Buffet follows simple value and GARP tenants that literally anyone could follow if they had the discipline to do so.  I have never once heard of an investment made by Warren Buffet that wasn't rooted in fundamentals and easy to understand.  The concept is fairly simple as is the math, buying great companies trading at discounts to what they are worth due to market fluctuations, emotionality, or overreactions to key sectors etc.  If I buy ABC corp at $10 knowing it is worth $20, it could go down or trade sideways for FIVE YEARS doing seemingly nothing and then one day catch up with its worth due to any number of factors.  In that case, my 100% return which took five years to actualize accounts for an average 20% return per year.  Also (and this should be obvious), but diversification is a double edged sword.  Every year, hundreds of stocks individually beat the market return.  Owning any one of these stocks as your only holding would mean that YOU beat the market.  As you buy more stocks and diversify your return will get closer and closer to that of an index or mutual fund.  My advice is to stick to fundamentals like value and GARP investing, learn to separate when the market is being silly from when it is responding to a genuine concern, do your own homework and analysis on the stocks you buy, BE PATIENT after buying stock that your analysis gives you confidence in, and don't over diversify.  If you do these things, congrats.  YOU ARE Warren Buffet.
"Not sure why CAGR is a problem for both directions. I used to be a physicist, and, when I taught classes in graduate school, students always wanted to use the terms ""accelerate"" and ""decelerate"" to describe ""speeding up"" and ""slowing down"". But acceleration is just a vector with magnitude and direction. There's nothing special about slowing down that it needs a special name. It's just acceleration in a direction opposite to the direction of motion. I think the same thing applies here. There's nothing special about negative growth rates that they need a special name. Just stick a minus sign in front of the number and you convey the required information."
Between now and October, your $3,000 will earn $30 in your savings account. If you are late on a payment for your 0% loan, your interest rate will skyrocket.  In my opinion, the risk is just not worth the tiny gain you are trying to achieve in the savings account. If it was me, I would pay off the loan today. A few more thoughts: There is a reason that businesses offer 0% consumer loans.  They are designed to trick you into thinking that you are getting a better deal than you are.  Businesses don't lose money on these loans.  The price of the loan is built into the cost of the purchase, whether you are buying expensive furniture, or a car.  Typically with a car, you forfeit a rebate by taking the 0% loan, essentially paying all the interest up-front.  Now that you have the loan, you might be ahead a few dollars by waiting to pay it off, but only because you've already paid the interest.  Don't make the mistake of thinking that you can come out ahead by buying things at 0%.  It's really not free money. In the comments, @JoeTaxpayer mentioned that fear of mistakes can lead to missed rewards.  I understand that; however, these 0% loans are full of small print designed to trip you up.  A single mistake can negate years and years of these small gains.  You don't want to be penny wise and pound foolish.
What the hell are you talking about?  The job requires some skills and the cost of living is really high in New York.  They should be able to live off of a full time job - plain and simple.  To put things in perspective I made 40k a few years back when I lived in Michigan - when looking at New York to keep my same standard of living I would of had to make 95k+ and would of had to give up my car.
Gosh, I don't know, maybe emergencies or unforeseen expenses like a car repair or maybe even just discretionary $ where you can buy new eyeglasses/frames or, get the fuck outta here, this is going to blow your mind, be impulsive and get on a plane and book a hotel for  3 or 4 days?  Let me guess, your answer to all that is charge it! And since you don't keep $1k in savings pay the minimum balance.  Also:  * https://meetbeam.com/ * https://www.ally.com/bank/savings-account-rates/ * https://www.synchronybank.com/banking/high-yield-savings/
Tbonds are on nobody's books when they are bought back.  Feds or Treasury department credits your account plus any interests when you sell the bonds back to them.  The Tbonds are then destroyed.  The govt is forever solvent when paying Tbonds.  They just click a few buttons and bam!! A check is written to you or your checking account is increased for turning in the matured bonds.
If you decide you need the extra money, you can always go refinance and get more cash out.  At the end of the day, though, if you pay off your house sooner you can invest more of your income sooner; that's just a matter of discipline.
The internet lends itself to the formation of tribes. We can all easily surround ourselves in echo chambers of like-minded people. It's incredibly dangerous.   When we had nothing but television, our tribes were much closer to centrist beliefs. No we have fringe movements that really don't know they're fringe because they're all smoking the same ideology.  Take the example of the wingnut  Berkely leftists that shut down Richard Dawkins lecture. (Seriously. Richard Dawkins?) They honestly believe they're correct, and the Internet helps them feel comfortable in that belief no matter how totally insane it is.  This is only going to get worse. More violent. More extreme. And eventually more dangerous and radicalized.  Fake news is really just the very tip of the iceberg. Right here on Reddit are thousands of groups who share utterly fringe ideologies and think they're widely shared.
This is not about finding IT staff, this is about finding STEM talent (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math).   These are not easy jobs to fill, trying to convince someone with 10+ years experience to move across the country? Not that easy. Even if you can get a college graduate and train him up, in todays workforce he's unlikely to stick around for 10 years and you need to get experienced staff in the meantime from somewhere - foreign workers are the only sensible solution.  The stupid solution is to offer the US citizen with 10 years experience twice what he's worth to get him to move - this won't last long term, tech companies are all competing for the same talent so if salaries go up, all US employees will jump ship for higher salaries, H-1B salaries go up soon after to stay at 'market rates', other areas of the US raise salaries so they don't lose their employees - in the end the problem hasn't gone away and you've just driven inflation up like crazy and increased the inequality between areas of the US.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-economy-adp-idUSKBN18S529?il=0) reduced by 70%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast the ADP National Employment Report would show a gain of 185,000 jobs, with estimates ranging from 155,000 to 240,000.  &gt; Zandi said with the U.S. economy growing at about a 2 percent rate, job creation of about 200,000 per month is much greater than labor force growth, which will make the labor market even tighter.  &gt; The ADP figures come ahead of the U.S. Labor Department&amp;#039;s more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6etbzy/us_companies_add_253000_jobs_in_may_way_way_above/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~134658 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **report**^#1 **labor**^#2 **month**^#3 **Employment**^#4 **payroll**^#5"
They would be making a huge assumption. Like when they thought people would buy Z71 trucks that weren't four wheel drive. And guess what! They were right.   They're only going to be making cars right now I'd almost guarantee. Maybe some light SUV's and maybe a large SUV but only as an option along with combustion engines continuing. EV's are definitely being aimed at urban commuters and are best used for that purpose right now.   But before long they will be making $$$ selling all that torque to workers/enthusiasts.
If you've got the money to pay off your credit cards, do it. Today, if possible. There is no need to pay another penny of interest to them.  They may or may not cancel your cards. That is up to them. We can't know what will trigger an individual bank to cancel your card. The answers you got on your other question offer some speculation on why some banks might cancel, but this is not something banks reveal. Anything you do on your own to try to keep the cards open is just a guess, and may or may not succeed.  But ask yourself: why do you want to keep these cards?  Is it for the convenience of the card? I agree that credit cards (paid in full monthly) are convenient, but when they start costing you money, they aren't worth it anymore, in my opinion. Debit cards have most of the same conveniences of credit cards, and are free.  If it is for emergencies, I recommend instead building up an emergency cash fund. That way, if an emergency arises, you won't be forced to borrow money at high credit card interest rates.  If the reason you want to hang on to the credit card is so you can spend more than you have, then you will find yourself in the same situation again. If I were you, I would pay off the cards ASAP. If the banks cancel your cards, just switch to a debit card and be thankful that you are no longer continuously leaking money to the banks.
That's not really true. Rather the US still has a kind of labor that is none existent in e.g Scandinavia or very small. The jobs of some guy packing your groceries in the store or someone shining your shoes for a dollar, those services do not exist in Sweden.
"I think that technology has had a huge impact on the salary aspect of ""unpaid weekend work"". It's so easy to fire off an e-mail in between links while fucking off on Reddit and watching T.V., that I have no problem ""working on the weekend"". I haven't heard of many jobs in the U.S. that don't compensate for every hour that you are on premise, however, and that would be a very disturbing trend to see emerging."
For what it's worth, 20 years ago I had a huge box of sheet-feed checks (3 or 4 per sheet) - After the divorce I kept the account, then ran the remaining checks through a Word doc that tidily blacked out the ex's name.  Never had a hitch, glitch, or rejected check.
"To be in the WH is not a constitutional right, its a privilege. Certain media platforms act like they are an all knowing press ""God"", unaware of their falling popularity. Two more red seats were picked up tonight. Going against Trump usually means you will lose. They normalize violence, spread Russian conspiracy theories, and gave Trump a 1% chance of winning election night. They are losers and I look forward to the media revolution."
"Judging from your comments, you seem to be confused about the way banking works.  Banks can only lend out money that they actually have: whether from deposits or investors or loans taken from other banks/government entities.  The rules on how this works varies from country to country, but the principle is always the same.  There is no magic money. Let's imagine a closed system.  There's only one town, and that town only has one bank.  There are 100 people total in town, and each has $10,000.  Everyone deposits all of their money in the bank. The bank now has $1,000,000 in total deposits.  You take a loan for $100,000 and buy a house.  The bank now has $900,000.  You make your payments of $965 per month: $833 of interest and $132 toward principal.  In this ideal world, the bank has no costs associated with doing business.  After one month, the bank has $1,000,000 in deposits, $900,965 in cash on hand, $99,868 in loans, and $833 in profit (from interest). Now here's the confusing part.  You bought a house from someone.  That person also lives in town.  He takes the $100,000 you gave him and... deposits it in the bank.  The bank now has $1,100,000 in deposits, $1,000,965 in cash, $99,868 in loans, and $833 in profit. Assume 10 more people buy houses at $100,000 each, taking loans for that whole amount (for the same terms you did).  Assume those sellers then deposit the money back in the bank.  The bank now has $2,100,000 in deposits, $1,000,965 in cash, $1,099,868 in loans, and $833 in profit.  The bank is taking in $10,615 per month ($965 x 11) in loan payments, making profit of $9,163 ($833 x 11) per month from interest. This process of loans and deposits and payments can go on forever without any outside influence.  This is the primary way money is created.  It's like printing money without the paper. Of course, we're not in a closed system.  Banks are limited in endlessly creating money, primarily by two things: Reserve Requirements are set by government agencies.  They might say banks can lend until their cash on hand (or liquid equivalent) is, at minimum, 35% of total deposits.  So a bank with $1,000,000 in deposits would have to keep $350,000 in cash at any given time. Capital Requirements work largely the same way.  It's more the bank saying, ""What happens if a bunch of people want their deposits back?""  They plan a reasonable amount of cash to have on hand for that scenario."
Precise in-store merchandising is critical to the success of your store or product. Gaps in execution can lead to wasted time, disorganization, a poor customer   experience, and lost sales. FreshSource specializes in the placement and line expansion of retail food products in supermarkets throughout the United States (Safeway,   Savemart, The Nugget, Raleys, etc, etc, etc). We represent Taylor Farms, Foxy, Green Giant and dozens of successful brands. if you need in store merchandising and   retail sales, look no further than FreshSource.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www2.gsu.edu/~ecobth/HMW_PuzzlingMultJobHolding_SEJ_2017.pdf) reduced by 99%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Just as the United States displays substantial differences in MJH across states and regions, Zangelidis finds large variation in MJH rates across countries in the EU, ranging from less than 1 to 9%.6 Livanos and Zangelidis document large differences in MJH rates across regions of Greece with rural areas with large primary sectors having the highest rates, likely due to low labor demand and weak primary 6 Zangelidis also finds that mean weekly hours on the second job average 12.9 hours across the continent, with little variation across countries.  &gt; A quick glance at state rates of MJH show Minnesota with among the highest MJH rates, while New York has a relatively low rate MJH rate as compared to other northern states.  &gt; Our approach is to examine the extent to which controlling for a variety of detailed worker, job, and city attributes can account for differences across labor markets in MJH. To describe the magnitude of MSA differences in MJH, we calculate the mean absolute deviation of MJH across our 259 labor markets based on estimates from increasingly dense individual worker OLS MJH equations using the 1995-2014 urban sample.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6l4ana/the_puzzling_pattern_of_multiple_job_holding/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~158577 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **MJH**^#1 **Job**^#2 **rate**^#3 **work**^#4 **Labor**^#5"
"This is hysterical. Trickle down economics once again!  ""Hey guys, if we make them not be able to move to new firms in the state, they'll stay forever and we'll make money!!""  More like your educated students will go to school out of state to avoid this, and people will move states altogether for better paying jobs and lifestyle.  It's like Idaho is trying to get their citizens to leave Idaho. It's Idaho. They need to every incentive to keep citizens there."
Yeah, seriously. Cheating your customers has always been part of the core business of the major banks. How would they maintain their high CEO compensation without that extra money? They need to be competitive in executive level compensation to attract the kind of candidates that will keep their bank pulling in the money needed to pay themselves.
Why would you trade a lower interest rate over a higher one?  I wouldn't use the mortgage to pay off the car.  Also, you should have loan/lease payoff on your auto insurance, which if the car is totaled means your loan would be paid by insurance.  I don't think you'd be able to take advantage of that if your car payments become one with the mortgage.  Finally not all mortgage interest may be deductible. Also, I can't think of any way you'd be able to use the car loan to pay off the mortgage.  You wouldn't be able to borrow more than the car is worth, and for a new car it loses quite a bit of value immediately.
I was thinking down the road about what may happen as some countries pile on debt and others are more responsible. I've spent a lot of time oversea and talented people in the capital cities are really mobile these days.  Right now there's a small brain drain to the benefit of Switzerland which has some really innovative people moving there. What if a large country like Germany were to do on a larger scale? Educated workforce, innovative and if you overlook a really ugly period, a great history of innovation.   It seems they could bring in a lot of people from Japan and (increasingly) the US as they head slowly toward debt of 200% of GDP. Why would talented people who are highly mobile want to stay in a country where the debt will take 30 years to repay mostly on the back of the talented high earning people?
No matter how promising the gold market is, investing in gold bars still has risks. For this reason, before you buy gold bars, make sure you have carefully studied the ins and outs of this investment. Know where, when, why and how to buy gold bar assets. Know the common pitfalls of investing in gold bars and do all that you can to avoid them.
"If an offer ""is only valid right now"" and ""if you don't act immediately, it will expire"" that is almost always a scam."
littleadv's answer gives a concise summary of the system as it stands now, but much more changed than just the portion of the mandatory contribution that was diverted to the private plan. In broad terms, the balances of your accounts and your future benefit won't change. It's only the source of these benefits that's changing. The Bloomberg article describes the changes this way: The state will take over the amount of bonds that pension funds held as of end of Sept. 3 and turn them into pension liabilities in the state-run social security system... The state will assume control of 51.5 percent of pension-fund assets, including bonds guaranteed by the government and “other non-stock assets” After the change, Polish workers that held bonds in the private portion of their retirement portfolios will instead have more payments from the state-run pension system. The balances of your retirement portfolio and your future benefits shouldn't change, but the reality may depend on how the state pension system is managed and any future changes the government implements. The effect this change will have on future benefits isn't clear, because the change may simply delay the problem of high levels of outstanding sovereign debt, not solve it. The government stated that because increasing numbers of workers invested their money in private pension funds, less money went into the government's fund, which forced them to issue sovereign debt in order to cover the shortfall in their current pension liabilities.  The government's recent cancellation of government bonds in the hands of private pensions will decrease their overall outstanding debt, but in exchange, the government is increasing its future pension liabilities. Years down the road, the government may find that they need to issue more sovereign debt to cover the increased pension liabilities they're taking on today. In other words, they may find themselves back in the same situation years down the road, and it's difficult to predict what changes they might make at that time.
I thought this paragraph had a very interesting insight:   &gt;How can you avoid a customer revolt? &gt; &gt;First, know the revolt risk factors: If your customers are media- or &gt;tech-savvy, then they can draw attention to your actions and &gt;coordinate plans for revolt. And if your product has close substitutes, &gt;your customers can abandon you at low cost.
"Hahaha! I'm in the same boat!  I have been hunting for a well priced WRX wagon for a while now and whenever I call some place asking about them (which has inevitably sold a day or two prior of course), they always respond with ""But maybe we can find something here for you!"" Of course you can.... if you guys carry a manual AWD Hatchback ""performance"" car?  It's typically followed by silence."
One of the reasons is also general distrust to the government. Another one is that there exist special interest group which profits from the complicated scheme, keep adding special cases, and has stronger financial situation that the opponents of such complex scheme. People do not trust government, or companies, to act in their best interests. So they (we) waste huge amount of time and/or money to comply with byzantine income laws. In 2004 Democratic presidential primary, presidential candidate Wes Clark (who beyond being 4-star general has also master degree in economics from Oxford, and taught economics in West point) proposed similar scheme: for people with income under 50K, employer would do all the (simple) paperwork, if desired, and get return.  In the noise of the campaign, idea how to simplify taxes for half of the population was lost.  Funny how the only candidate in recent history who was both professor of economics (not MBA, which is about business and profits) and distinguished military hero, could not get any traction in Democratic party.
I don't know enough about international tax law to dispute what you say, but I would think that if it were illegal we would be seeing more repurcussions for nearly EVERY multinational company using these practices. How can you prove that the licensing deal between bluehat9 llc and bluehat9 lp (cayman) is illegitimate?
I recommend fixing the roof. You're going to pay for it eventually, either as an emergency repair or a concession at sale.
&gt; Because if you are against Trump, you must(!) be for Hillary or the DNC or both.  Nope and I think this attitude is the core problem with American politics.  &gt; Even if it's true, it's what Trump wanted, what he would have done, what he has done, and the GOP did it, for him.  By that logic, **I** killed the TPP because it is what I wanted and would have done but the GOP did it for me.  &gt; Tell me of something that Trump did that you do agree to or do not like.  How about one issue that shows both?  Medicare Part-D was created to help cover the costs of prescription drugs to seniors.  This is the biggest drug market but by law Medicare can not use it's leverage to negotiate better deals for prescription drugs.  This effectively gives pharmaceutical companies a guaranteed customer regardless of price for any drug that has no equivalent competition, which means artificially high drug prices.  During the campaign President Trump said he would battle prescription drug prices and after he was elected.  [He specifically said he wanted Medicare to use its purchasing powers to negotiate drug prices](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-01-11/drug-stocks-plunge-as-trump-threatens-to-force-price-bidding). I was delighted to hear this because, in my opinion, it is low-hanging fruit for someone who wants to use the free market to benefit consumers.  Fast forward to the end of January and President Trump meets with big pharmaceutical company execs to discuss drug prices.  [When he came out of the meeting, not only was he now opposed to using free-market principles in Medicare to save tax-payer money but he promised these companies tax breaks, a gift of even more money](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/1/31/14453740/trump-medicare-prescription-drugs).  I like that President Trump claims to be a champion of the common man but in this case his actions are that of a champion of the rich at the expense of the common man.
That would make it pretty impossible for teenagers to get first jobs.  Whole swathes of the economy  would have to be shit down as they were no longer viable. Still more would have to drastically automate to remain viable.  Jobs and employment would suffer.   I'm not sure who that would help.
You sound like a shitty employee who has no idea he's a shitty employee. Unplug the extension cord, and don't let your crew members drive around in a dangerous fucking forklift without their seat belt. No wonder your boss is mental. I can't even imagine all the other stupid shit you do all day that your boss has to remind you not to do, and you just chalk it up to having a dick for a boss.
"Someone has to hand out cash to the seller. Even if no physical money changes hands (and I've bought a house; I can tell you a LOT of money changes hands at closing in at least the form of a personal check), and regardless of exactly how the bank accounts for the actual disbursement of the loan, the net result is that the buyer has cash that they give the seller, and are now in debt to the bank for least that amount (but, they now have a house). Now, the bank probably didn't have that money just sitting in its vault. Money sitting in a vault is money that is not making more money for the bank; therefore most banks keep only fractionally more than the percentage of deposit balances that they are required to keep by the Feds. There are also restrictions on what depositors' money can be spent on, and loans are not one of them; the model of taking in money in savings accounts and then loaning it out is what caused the savings and loan collapse in the 80s. So, to get the money, it turns to investors; the bank sells bonds, putting itself in debt to bond holders, then takes that money and loans it out at a higher rate, covering the interest on the bond and making itself a tidy profit for its own shareholders. Banks lose money on defaults in two ways. First, they lose all future interest payments that would have been made on the loan. Technically, this isn't ""revenue"" until the interest is calculated for each month and ""accrues"" on the loan; therefore, it doesn't show on the balance sheet one way or the other. However, the holders of those bonds will expect a return, and the banks no longer have the mortgage payment to cover the coupon payments that they themselves have to pay bondholders, creating cash flow problems. The second, and far more real and damaging, way that banks lose money on a foreclosure is the loss of collateral value. A bank virtually never offers an unsecured ""signature loan"" for a house (certainly not at the advertised 3-4% interest rates). They want something to back up the loan, so if you disappear off the face of the earth they have a clear claim to something that can help them recover their money. Usually, that's the house itself; if you default, they get the house from you and sell it to recover their money. Now, a major cause of foreclosure is economic downturn, like the one we had in 2009 and are still recovering from. When the economy goes in the crapper, a lot of things we generally consider ""stores of value"" lose that value, because the value of the whatzit (any whatzit, really) is based on what someone else would pay to have it. When fewer people are looking to buy that whatzit, demand drops, bringing prices with it. Homes and real estate are one of the real big-ticket items subject to this loss of value; when the average Joe doesn't know whether he'll have a job tomorrow, he doesn't go house-hunting. This average Joe may even be looking to sell an extra parcel of land or an income property for cash, increasing supply, further decreasing prices. Economic downturn can often increase crime and decrease local government spending on upkeep of public lands (as well as homeowners' upkeep of their own property). By the ""broken window"" effect, this makes the neighborhood even less desirable in a vicious cycle. What made this current recession a double-whammy for mortgage lenders is that it was caused, in large part, by a housing bubble; cheap money for houses made housing prices balloon rapidly, and then when the money became more expensive (such as in sub-prime ARMs), a lot of those loans, which should never have been signed off on by either side, went belly-up. Between the loss of home value (a lot of which will likely turn out to be permanent; that's the problem with a bubble, things never recover to their peak) and the adjustment of interest rates on mortgages to terms that will actually pay off the loan, many homeowners found themselves so far underwater (and sinking fast) that the best financial move for them was to walk away from the whole thing and try again in seven years. Now the bank's in a quandary. They have this loan they'll never see repaid in cash, and they have this home that's worth maybe 75% of the mortgage's outstanding balance (if they're lucky; some homes in extremely ""distressed"" areas like Detroit are currently trading for 30-40% of what they sold for just before the bubble burst). Multiply that by, say, 100,000 distressed homes with similar declines in value, and you're talking about tens of billions of dollars in losses. On top of that, the guarantor (basically the bank's insurance company against these types of losses) is now in financial trouble themselves, because they took on so many contracts for debt that turned out to be bad (AIG, Fannie/Freddie); they may very well declare bankruptcy and leave the bank holding the bag. Even if the guarantor remains solvent (as they did thanks to generous taxpayer bailouts), the bank's swap contract with the guarantor usually requires them to sell the house, thus realizing the loss between what they paid and what they finally got back, before the guarantor will pay out. But nobody's buying houses anymore, because prices are on their way down; the only people who'd buy a house now versus a year from now (or two or three years) are the people who have no choice, and if you have no choice you're probably in a financial situation that would mean you'd never be approved for the loan anyway. In order to get rid of them, the bank has to sell them at auction for pennies on the dollar. That further increases the supply of cheap homes and further drives down prices, making even the nicer homes the bank's willing to keep on the books worth less (there's a reason these distresed homes were called ""toxic assets""; they're poisonous to the banks whether they keep or sell them). Meanwhile, all this price depression is now affecting the people who did everything right; even people who bought their homes years before the bubble even formed are watching years of equity-building go down the crapper. That's to say nothing of the people with prime credit who bought at just the wrong time, when the bubble was at its peak. Even without an adjusting ARM to contend with, these guys are still facing the fact that they paid top dollar for a house that likely will not be worth its purchase price again in their lifetime. Even with a fixed mortgage rate, they'll be underwater, effectively losing their entire payment to the bank as if it were rent, for much longer than it would take to have this entire mess completely behind them if they just walked away from the whole thing, moved back into an apartment and waited it out. So, these guys decide on a ""strategic default""; give the bank the house (which doesn't cover the outstanding balance of course) and if they sue, file bankruptcy. That really makes the banks nervous; if people who did everything right are considering the hell of foreclosure and bankruptcy to be preferable to their current state of affairs, the bank's main threat keeping people in their homes is hollow. That makes them very reluctant to sign new mortgages, because the risk of default is now much less certain. Now people who do want houses in this market can't buy them, further reducing demand, further decreasing prices... You get the idea. That's the housing collapse in a nutshell, and what banks and our free market have been working through for the past five years, with only the glimmer of a turnaround picking up home sales."
considering people like him just wrecked the economy pulling bullshit tactics like this and got bailed out with taxpayer money all over the world, yes he did get it from my grandmother.  besides if it doesn't affect you, does it make it right?  where will the line get drawn?
"I don't know personally, but a few minutes spent on Google seem to indicate that such transactions are considered cash advances. I found a thread at fatwallet which states that buying chips on a credit card is considered a cash advance. If you want to research it yourself, I used the following search terms: casino chips credit card cash advance.  You could probably narrow down the search results by using casino chips ""credit card"" ""cash advance"" as the query."
An understanding of the risks involved in coronary heart disease, and the adopting of appropriate safety actions may reduce the probability of a heart attack stroke. If the pain of cardiac arrest does attack, immediate treatment greatly enhances the probabilities of success. Modern treatments enable most cardiac arrest sufferers to continue a complete, effective lifestyle, although some changes in daily lifestyle style probably will be required.
[Po­li­zei­li­che Kri­mi­nal­sta­tis­tik und Fall­zah­len Po­li­tisch Mo­ti­vier­te Kri­mi­na­li­tät 2015 vor­ge­stellt](http://www.bmi.bund.de/SharedDocs/Pressemitteilungen/DE/2016/05/pks-und-pmk-2015.html)  Bottom line: without migrants considered, crime rates in Germany would have remained roughly static since 2014. But, in fact, the country recorded an extra 402,741 crimes committed by migrants.
The difference is you were left with a better future than the previous generation. This isn't true for millennials. We never had a chance to stop massive deficit spending, growing entitlements like medicare and social security than we will bear the burden of, and insane tuition increases that leave us in massive debt the day we graduate. Boomers reached into the future to get theirs and it looks like we will be the ones to suffer for it. Until there is a change in age demographics we will keep getting screwed.
If you are investing for 10 years, then you just keep buying at whatever price the fund is at. This is called dollar-cost averaging. If the fund is declining in value from when you first bought it, then when you buy more, the AVERAGE price you bought in at is now lower. So therefore your losses are lower AND when it goes back up you will make more. Even if it continues to decline in value then you keep adding more money in periodically, eventually your position will be so large that on the first uptick you will have a huge percent gain. Anyway this is only suggested because you are in it for 10 years. Other people's investment goals vary.
Obama sold health insurance reform since before he was president. He made enormous effort on its behalf to see it actually pass. His popularity is a huge reason why it passed at all.   Of course it was votes in Congress that mattered, but your statement just doesn't hold water.
"Yes...yes you fucking are. ""I want you do do something for me so I can earn a living. But I in no way am willing to help you afford even a basic living. Infact, I only want to take on people who are currently accruing massive amounts of student debt. You know, as a supplement to their other non-existent income."" You realize how fucked up that is right?  I, coming from a privileged upbringing, had no trouble affording university. As a result I was able to focus solely on my studies when necessary. But, I am not the norm. I had plenty of classmates who were frequently cutting out study and sleep to work part time jobs for shithead employers who couldn't give a damn about their living conditions. As a result, they are the ones who's grades suffered. They are the ones who lost sleep. They are the ones who when they graduate at the bottom of the class and can't get a job are told by the shithead employers ""hey, maybe you should've worked harder in school"" and are then stuck in the same shit a cycle they were faced with before they started university. Only this time they are carrying some really unforgiving debt while consistently and constantly being told to pick themselves up by the boot straps and ""just earn more money!"""
You had excellent point how **costs of production** can affect price. Final_J explained already how value differs from this. It's good to remember that cost, price and value are separate things. Usually cost &lt; price &lt; value for trade to happen. Money is the best metrics we have, but it doesn't give really good picture of neither, costs or value.  I really kept myself as a smart dude about a year ago, for understanding what you just told us here. I like the way you think.
"If they have been seeing declining customer traffic, they can't get the revenue to pay things like payroll, utilities, taxes, etc.   So they might only be open those hours because anything longer they can't afford to.  You need like a community marketing blast to reach people like yourself that want to ""save"" it by going there and being paying customers.   It wont matter who runs it if no one shows up."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-stocks-weekahead-idUSKCN1AY25X) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Such a decline may be good news for investors worried that stock prices have risen too far.  &gt; The expected earnings in that valuation are adjusted, not GAAP. To the extent that companies use non-GAAP accounting less this year than in recent years, investors may feel more comfortable paying higher valuations for their stocks.  &gt; Still, that 10-percent difference between GAAP net income and the net income companies and many investors focus on is much smaller than in 2015, when the difference was 33 percent, the largest gap since at least 2009.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6up3p2/shift_from_nongaap_bottom_lines_could_be_good_for/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~194462 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **company**^#1 **Investors**^#2 **GAAP**^#3 **more**^#4 **income**^#5"
This has nothing to due with class warfare and you'd have to be a complete fucking moron to infer that what works for a family has any correlation as to how a country can operate financially.  It's about making long-term financial decisions to try and increase your quality of life.  If you take your blinders off, you'll realize that multi-generational households are a common phenomenon worldwide.  It has gone through waves of popularity throughout U.S. history as well, usually with immigrants.  The Italian side of my family did it back when they immigrated and it's becoming a trend yet again.  **Families that are experienced with poverty know it's the best way to survive - that's the only statement I made.**   I stayed with my parents until this year (age 28) and left against their advice.  They wanted me to stay longer and save as much as I could before leaving, but I felt it was time to leave. I have a stable job (self-employed), I downsized my car for financial purposes, and have paid off all of my debt before purchasing my apartment.  It would have taken me much longer to save enough money to be a homeowner if I didn't depend on my family.  I'm glad you hate people for making smart financial decisions.  It really shows the type of person you are.
Labor union membership has been falling dramaticaly since 2008 in Germany.  Largely because the unions have continuously negotiated for job security at the expense of wage increases. Now workers are telling the unions to shove it and getting higher wages.
I've got an idea on this.  I could be totally off base, but it's worth mentioning.    When the economy collapsed a few years ago and people lost their savings, retirement, etc... that was the best time to buy.  Doesn't it make sense that the people who had the money to invest then would be reaping the greatest increases now when the market's back up?
I don't have a business relationship with Hire.Bid, I just use it to get extra money whenever I am free, so I thought I could share it in the case someone else is interested. If you know any other app like this, feel free to share it, maybe I can use it too.  For GiftBac, I wanted to find out if anyone used it before and let me know if it is trustable. About PinkApp, I wanted to know people's thoughts about it to see if it was worth investing in. For now, I am looking for more ways to make money.
Rules appear to be changing (21NOV2014) Aviva Plc. AV on NYSE pass thru fee is 0.02 cents per ADR but that equals 11% deduction from ADR dividend. For utility or insurance stock that is significant ongoing fee. Registrar in US is Citibank, could be specific to them. This is the first for me except some modest fees on indonesian ADR. Information very difficult to find. Buy and hold OZ investor.
The easiest one to explain is swapping a variable interest rate with a fixed interest rate.  Now like your 5.  You are a being bullied on a playground, and the most important thing for you is to buy lunch!  You have a bully on the playground who asks for money randomly, he's variable.  It depends on how much sleep he got last night, and what he ate for breakfast, but by dealing with him he has a large amount of 'market risk'.    You always try to bring enough money so you can pay the bully and still eat lunch.  But this isn't an ideal situation...it's too sporadic.  Instead you have an agreement with a 'mafia' like bully.  He agrees to deal with the 'variable' bully, at a flat rate.  So now you can plan ahead, and you now always have money for lunch.  (The mafia bully still would owe the money to the variable bully, because in real life these would be banks)  That's the deal.  You are mitigating your risk from switching from variable to fixed.    This example is extremely simple, but the idea is, you can remove variable risk by using a 'swap' for a fixed rate.
You're going to want to work with a collection agency or law firm that specializes in collections. They'll buy the debt from you for something like 10-25% depending on the state and whether they are interested in something this small. People who don't pay rent and get wages garnished for $6k are a bad risk. They'll discount the judgement significantly since the risk of bankruptcy is probably pretty high.
"I find it weird that the people screaming about the budget deficit are also screaming about this ""taxmageddon"" starting on January 1st. I for one think the reduction in spending and the increase in taxes is a sensible, smart decision to get the deficit under control."
Krijg oven gedroogd haardhout dat gemakkelijk te stoken en maakt minder rook. Kies uit grote verscheidenheid aan brandhout op basis van uw verbruik . Er is een andere variëteit voor kachels , haarden en andere dagelijkse activiteiten . De meegeleverde hout is duurzaam , meer hout wordt herplant . Oven -dried brandhout is voordeliger dan kunstmatig gedroogd zoals zij heeft 20 % minder vochtgehalte dat maakt het gemakkelijk aan te steken , boiler klaar en produceert minder rook.
If it changes, should get new bids. That will prevent making stupid irrelevant changes. Leaving a contract open ended so contractors can come back for more money over and over and over just isn't smart and is an open call for corruption.
"I don't have a formula for anything like this, but it is important to note that the ""current value"" of any asset is really theoretical until you actually sell it. For example, let's consider a house.  You can get an appraisal done on your house, where your home is inspected, and the sales of similar houses in your area are compared.  However, this value is only theoretical.  If you found yourself in a situation where you absolutely had to sell your house in one week, you would most likely have to settle for much less than the appraised value. The same hold true for collectibles.  If I have something rare that I need cash for immediately, I can take it to a pawn shop and get cash.  However, if I take my time and locate a genuinely interested collector, I can get more for it. This is comparable to someone who holds a significant percentage of shares in a publicly held corporation.  If the current market value of your shares is $10 million, but you absolutely need to sell your entire stake today, you aren't going to get $10 million.  But if you take your time selling a little at a time, you are more likely to get much closer to this $10 million number. A ""motivated seller"" means that the price will drop."
"Life Insurance can be a difficult decision.  We have to first assess the ""want"" for it vs. the ""need"" for it, and that differs from person to person.  Any Life licensed agent should be happy to do this calculation for you at no cost and no obligation.  Just be sure you are well educated in the subject to make sure they are looking after YOUR needs and not their wallets. For the majority of clients, when looking at ""needs"" we will be sure to look at income coverage (less what the household needs with one less body) as well as debt coverage, education costs etc.  More importantly make sure you are buying the RIGHT insurance, as much as the right amount."
&gt;God you suck  Well maybe.  But the point stands; there is an optimum price point which would maximize profits.  It's possible that lowering price could make more money as people would switch from analogs or not buying the drug at all.  Note I don't necessarily agree with any of this; we need more competition in the drug market through patent reform and other measures.
Solamon Energy Canada Launches Informative New Website Posted in Renewable Energy Company (Toronto – Posted March 9, 2010) – “Happy days ahead,” exclaimed Chris Black, president of Solamon Energy Corp., as the company published and proudly unveiled a new website to its senior team and to the world today. “We intended the site to simply communicate our offering and the progress of each project for our customers [...] Continue Reading Solamon Energy Canada Launches Informative New Website  SOLAMON ENERGY SCAM SAFETY NEWS-... 1 1 4ppl.com [solamon energy news articles solamon energy renewable energy scam safety news] – il y a 3 mois Solamon announces new executive appointments as company sets new focus. (Toronto) – After completing an exhaustive executive search throughout the summer months, Solamon Energy’s CEO Graeme Boyce is proud to announce today the appointment of Nicolas Del Valle to a position on the senior team as Senior Vice President, and also the promotion of Christian Giles to SVP. “We are leaving the development of the Dominican Republic’s solar market in the very capable hands of Mr Del Valle,” says Boyce, “and, based on our discoveries since May, we’ve shifted Mr Giles to Institutions, where he will deliver non-manufacturing facilities, from airports and arenas to hospitals and universities.”
"&gt; Yet, I have failed too see one mention of the ""Chargemaster"".  Totally agree but that is another topic.  Obamacare is about fixing access to healthcare.  As a society we still need to address the cost of care and the quality of care."
"Moneydance is a commercial application that is cross-platform. Written in Java, they run and are supported on Windows, Mac and Linux. They integrate with many financial institutions and for those that it cannot, you can import a locally downloaded file. I have used it for several years on my Mac, but have no company affiliation. I'm not sure if by saying ""Unix"" software you meant FOSS of some kind, but good luck in any case."
Depends on what you're selling and to whom?    If you want attention you need to win over the gatekeeper.  I remember a colleague who would always drop off nice chocolates (in person) to the receptionists and support staff on a regular basis for clients they were interested in (they sold financial products to the C-suite).   It worked wonders on getting in person meetings with the decision makers.  It also helped that the colleague was genuine and pleasant to deal with.
As your main concern seems to be that you are not sure whether you can ever get a house, and actually support the expenses it incurs when you have one, here is a very simple answer:  You say you are currently decreasing your creditcard debt by 2k per month. At that rate it will be finished within 2 years. Try to pay it off completely, if this succeeds in the next 2 years you can be confident that you can afford a 500k house. (Paying back 50k high interest debt in 2 years, is VERY roughly equivalent to payng back 500k low interest debt over 20 years , a reasonable time period in my environment). So, just pay back the creditcard as fast as you can, if two years sounds like a long time there is nothing stopping you to pay it back a little bit faster even!  Note: This is written under the assumption that your student loan burden will not increase over time.
You might consider a Green Dot card. You can personalize the name on the card. There is no risk of over-drafting. There are some fees when you fill the card in stores, but it is free to open and manage online. Check out their site and see if it will work for you. It could be a great pair with a joint bank account for you and your kids. https://www.greendot.com/greendot/ Rock on for teaching personal finance and responsibility to your kids!
"Early this year I wrote an article Are you 401(k)o’ed?  I described the data from a 401(k) expense survey and the punchline was that the average large retirement plan (over 1000 participants) expense was 1.08%, and for smaller plans it rose to 1.24%.  As I commented below, if one's goal is to make deposits with income that avoid a tax of 25%, and hope to withdraw it at retirement at 15%, it doesn't take long for a 1% fee to completely negate the benefit of pretax savings.  These numbers are averages, in the same article, I mention (ok, I brag) that my company plan has an S&P fund that costs .05%. That's 1% over 20 years.  The sound bite of ""deposit to the match"" needs to be followed by ""depending on the choice of investments and their expenses"" within the 401(k).  Every answer here has added excellent points, fennec's last sentence shouldn't be ignored, there's a phaseout for IRA deductibility, and another for Roth eligibility. For Married filing joint, IRA deduction starts to be lost at $92K, and Roth deposit disallowed at $173K. This adds a bit to the complexity of the decision, but doesn't change the implication of the 1%+ 401(k) fees."
Debit card, no. Prepaid card, probably; some charities do use that approach to make monthly support payments, including to the homeless. You might want to find and talk to one of those groups to find out how they did it.
Pertho Engineers is a growing LTO Tape Drive repair and backup service provider company in UAE.  We at Pertho Engineers also provide you LTO-3, LTO-4, LTO-5, LTO-6, LTO-7  Tape Drive repair and backup services in UAE. Pertho Engineers provides all company LTO Tape Drive repair and backup services  in UAE. The leading companies whom repair and backup services are HP, IBM, Certance LTO, Quantum LTO, Tandberg LTO, Quantum DLT, Quantum VS80 VS160, Quantum SDLT, HP DAT DDS, Sony DAT DDS.  For more information call at +919871495530
Probably the biggest tax-deferment available to US workers is through employee-sponsored investment plans like the 401k.  If you meet the income limits, you could also use a Traditional IRA if you do not have a 401k at work.  But keep in mind that you are really just deferring taxes here.  The US Government will eventually get their due. :) One way which you may find interesting is by using 529 plans, or other college investment plans, to save for your child's (or your) college expenses.  Generally, contributions up to a certain amount are deductible on your state taxes, and are exempt from Federal and State taxes when used for qualifying education expenses.  The state deduction can lower your taxes and help you save for college for your children, if that is a desire of yours.
Go to your local credit union and open an account there! Why do people put up with banks? Big banks are for business not for regular folks, they will nickel and dime you all the time, and that's the honest ones, the scum like WF will just trash you.
Seriously. I was there last week, and could not get help from anyone at the sporting goods department.  All the people assigned were missing. It took me several tries to get the department manager to come over.  Once the manager arrived, all of a sudden all the workers showed up out of thin air.  Of course, I was annoyed by the time it them to finally help me.  Maybe this was an isolated case, but it sure didn't feel like they cared about my business.
I drove myself into serious debt until a friend persuaded me to start budgeting and told me about Out Of The Dark Budgeting.  This free budgeting site made a huge difference for me because it made money management so simple for me and it provides many good suggestions and advice.  I particularly like the cash put aside feature and credit card debt terminator both of which helped me move from bad spending habits to responsible money management so now I waste less and have more for what I really need and love, and most importantly, I am on my way to being debt free, a very powerful feeling already.  Good luck.
I will just try to come up with a totally made up example, that should explain the dynamics of the hedge. Consider this (completely made up) relationship between USD, EUR and Gold: Now lets say you are a european wanting to by 20 grams of Gold with EUR. Equally lets say some american by 20 grams of Gold with USD. Their investment will have the following values: See how the europeans return is -15.0% while the american only has a -9.4% return? Now lets consider that the european are aware that his currency may be against him with this investment, so he decides to hedge his currency. He now enters a currency-swap contract with another person who has the opposite view, locking in his EUR/USD at t2 to be the same as at t0. He now goes ahead and buys gold in USD, knowing that he needs to convert it to EUR in the end - but he has fixed his interestrate, so that doesn't worry him. Now let's take a look at the investment: See how the european now suddenly has the same return as the American of -9.4% instead of -15.0% ? It is hard in real life to create a perfect hedge, therefore you will most often see that the are not totally the same, as per Victors answer - but they do come rather close.
"The crazy thing about this is that $30 million in annual salary and compensation really isn't the end of the story for rich guys.  I worked for a REIT a few years back and the guy that founded that REIT made a few million in salary a year.  I thought the number seemed a bit low for his lifestyle.  He had many properties in the US for his own personal use (around 6-8 BIG homes).  He also had a garage that was insane.  He had over 25 very expensive cars.  My co-workers would say ""Nick is airing out his garage"" when he drove one to work every day for a month without driving the same vehicle twice in one month.  It turns out he owned 30 million shares of stock that paid him $1.00 per share per year.  So while his annual compensation was ""only"" a few million per year, his dividend income was many, many, times that.  Think about that next time you see a CEO's annual income and you think that it really isn't as much as you expect."
Our consultant driven economy has removed all robustness from the economy.  Their drive for efficiency has produced an incredibly fragile economy.  Corporations are not suppose to retain any redundancy.  They force this on subcontractors.  As a result there are no trained and ready workers to step in as boomers retire.  The tendency to rely on H-1B has caused young workers to avoid any field where they are likely to be replaced by foreign workers.  Now that foreign workers are finding things better at home we have giant holes in the economy.
In such a situation, is there any reason, financial or not, to NOT pay   as many points as mortgage seller allows? I can think of a few reasons not to buy points, in the scenario you described: If interest rates decrease you could be better off refinancing to a lower rate than buying points now. If buying points reduced your down payment below 20% then the PMI would more than offset the benefit of having purchased points. Your situation changes and you aren't able to stay in the home as long as planned.  That said, current interest rates are pretty low, so I'd probably gamble on them not getting too much lower anytime soon. I also assume that if you can afford as many points as they allow, that you wouldn't have to dip below 20% down payment even with points. Edit: Others have mentioned that it's important to note opportunity cost when calculating the benefit of purchasing points, I agree, you wouldn't want to buy points at a rate that saved you less than you could earn elsewhere. Personally, I've not seen a points scenario that didn't yield more benefit than market average returns, but that could be due to my market, or just coincidence, you should definitely calculate the benefit for your scenario and shop for a good lender. Don't forget that points are tax deductible in the year paid when calculating their benefit.
"As the comments above have been trying to get across, the prospective employer is offering to pay you for the bonus/unvested compensation that you would be losing by jumping ship right now to go work for them.  They are not offering to buy any securities that you already hold, regardless of whether they're profitable or unprofitable. Example 1. You participate in your current company's 401(k), and your company matches your contributions at 50%.  However, the matching funds are not yours immediately; they vest in 20%/year increments until you have been at the company for 5 years.  Let's say you've been there for 3 years and have contributed $50K to the plan.  Your company has matched you at $25K, but only 60% of that ($15K) has vested.  If you leave right now for the new employer, you're leaving $10K behind.  So the new employer might offer to ""buy out"" (i.e. pay you) that $10K to help encourage you to switch now.  You might then counter their offer by pointing out that if you stay where you are that $10K is coming to you tax-deferred, whereas their $10K signing bonus would be taxed.  So you ask for $15K instead. Example 2. You work for a Wall Street investment bank.  Each December you receive a performance bonus.  Since you began working there, your three yearly bonuses have been (in chronological order) $500K, $750K, and $1M.  It's June, so you've worked halfway towards your next bonus.  You have a lot of incentive to NOT leave your current employer.  A competing employer may offer to ""buy you out"" of your anticipated bonus by giving you a $1.25M signing bonus (since you'd almost certainly not be eligible for a performance bonus during your first year there).  You might negotiate with them and say ""I'm on track for $2M this year"", and then they would figure out if you're really worth that much to them. So you can see this all has to do with the prospective employer trying to compensate you for any income you're already counting on receiving from your current employer.  By jumping ship now you would be foregoing that guaranteed/expected income, so the competitor wants to remove that anchor that might be holding you back from making the move. Stocks/options that you already own are irrelevant to the prospective employer.  Since you wouldn't be giving those up by changing jobs, there's no reason for them to factor into the equation."
Two to three years? That is one long gestation period!  :^) Welcome.  Congratulations on taking savings into your own hands, you are a winner for taking responsibility for your, and your family's life. If I was you my first priority would be to pay off your car and never buy one on time again.  Or you could sell it and buy something with cash if that would be easier. It is tremendous that you are thinking and planning.  You are already ahead of most people.  Are you working on your basement as you have time/money like when work might be slow?  If so great idea.
SouthSmokeShop.com offers ashton cigars, a consistently pleasurable smoke for all cigar lovers having a medium body with nuances of peppery spice with a blend of 3 to 4 year old Dominican tobacco, along with its rich golden Connecticut shade wrapper for an extremely well blended rich taste.
NeoSize XL is a total penis improvement and a male increment framework which has the most elevated potential with its most capable fixings. The best Neosize xl audits is, This item is by all accounts embraced by a therapeutic expert, yet very few subtle elements are thought about the specialist that backings the item. The material which contains in the Neosize XL reviews is Tribulus Terrestris, Indian Spider Plant Velvet bean, Lebbeck tree, Indian Ginseng, Elephant Creeper, Hygrophila and Tinospora Gulancha.
Mark Zuckerberg doesn't seem to think we can or should isolate and alienate 50% of the population because of their support of a political candidate, which I, the author, and Hastings seem to share a criticism of. Zuckerberg misses the point. Support of Trump has always been unpalatable to most on the left but now it's unforgivable. Pressure from all sides to erode his support is exactly what we should be doing; Facebook is one of the most powerful tools available in this effort.
"Because you've sold something you've received cash (or at least an entry on your brokerage statement to say you've got cash) so you should record that as a credit in your brokerage account in GnuCash. The other side of the entry should go into another account that you create called something like ""Open Positions"" and is usually marked as a Liability account type (if you need to mark it as such). If you want to keep an accurate daily tally of your net worth you can add a new entry to your Open Positions account and offset that against Income which will be either negative or positive depending on how the position has moved for/against you. You can also do this at a lower frequency or not at all and just put an entry in when your position closes out because you bought it back or it expired or it was exercised. My preferred method is to have a single entry in the Open Positions account with an arbitrary date near when I expect it to be closed and each time I edit that value (daily or weekly) so I only have the initial entry and the current adjust to look at which reduces the number of entries and confusion if there are too many."
What is your focus in your finance coursework? Investments? Wealth management? Corporate finance?  Find something that compliments your desired path. Finance in-and-of itself is one of the most marketable business degrees available (if not THE most), and anything to show you're well-rounded will help get a job.   Don't add real estate as a minor. Most school teach across a $eme$ter what you can learn in a month or two when studying to get your RE license. So, pay thousands of tuition dollar$, or pay the several hundred bucks for your test/course materials.   Experience: finance degree, now a commercial real estate broker
Was already priced in. The market is smarter than ratings agencies that are fighting to stay relevant by trying to instill crisis mode on a global economy that is already very fragile. Their only announcements nowadays are on companies/nations that are on the front page of the global newswire. Almost seems like they want the global economy to tank on their information and ratings cuts.  Too bad nobody really cares about the agencies anymore.
"Navy is probably your best bet for your first ""business"" suit. Dark grey is also an acceptable choice. Black is mostly for formal occasions. Light gray is a little sporty.    Suit prices will vary. The most important thing is getting it tailored. A $200 suit that fits you well will look FAR better than as $2000 suit that fits like shit.   I'm going to disagree with vodkaspeed on getting a BB suit tho. While I fully support investing in your appearance, I just don't think it makes sense to buy an expensive suit unless you'll be wearing it for work. If it's only for interviews and every now and then, I'd just get something at men's Warehouse or the likes for around $300 or so. Instead spend your money on what you'll be wearing once you get the job: dress shirts, pants, AE shoes, etc.  For reference a I have a BB suit, but never wear it. Dress shirt and pants is my dress code, and I've splurged on those items and good shoes. The suit sits wasted in the closet."
"The bottom line is that this just does not work, and as such you should not do it.  Here is a question that you really need to think about:  How will you handle non-payments?  How will you handle it when they talk about purchases they made or vacations they went on when they have been short for the last three months?  Yes, it will happen. The majority of people who engage in debt consolidation, which you are proposing, end up with the consolidated debt and more consumer debt.  One cannot borrow themselves out of debt.  Carrying credit card debt is a sign of poor money management and improper spending behavior.  That behavior will not change if you ""bail them out"" with the consolidation.  They need to find a way to work their way out of this situation by budgeting, living a more austere lifestyle, and earning more.   Encouraging them to do so will serve them far better then your generous attempts to reduce the pain of their own making. In the end it is always a parent's desire to help their children.  If you can afford to give, then it is well within your right to do so.  It is also within your right to qualify that giving with behavioral conditions.  However, if you cannot afford to give, it is best not to loan."
"We blindly sped ahead, and our cash demand ballooned, he said. ""We got over-extended in our global strategy. At the same time, our capital and resources were in fact limited.""  Translation: We tried to do shit in hindsight we totally should have known we couldn't afford."
"I live in Boston so I look at boston.com quite a bit.  In general, boston.com is pretty terrible.  Even for local news it is often pretty shitty.  Given that, boston.com doesn't try to game the system to garner additional page hits from reddit.  Browsing through the articles on The Atlantic it looks like they have lots of sensationalist bullshit written like something right off blogspot or Fox News.  ""Is Obama Really That Great of a Foreign Policy President?""  ""Is This Obama's 'Put Up or Shut Up' Moment on Syria Intervention?""  ""Is the International Criminal Court Facing Its 'Black Hawk Down' Moment?""  I can't say I miss seeing sensational crap from them.  If this is your idea of a quality content you might not have a leg to stand on when guessing my experiences."
Eh idk, I was basically un-hirable until I took a job that paid like shit but provided me with experience so when I left I was way more valuable than if I hadn't worked. I was basically compensated in experience and left to get a job that doubled my salary.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.dnsassociates.co.uk/blog/bitcoins-tax-implications-uk) reduced by 92%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Tax practices of bitcoin activities in UK The HMRC guidelines on the tax treatment of transactions relating to the sale or use of bitcoins and other similar cryptocurrencies are applicable for bitcoin.  &gt; Different taxes and their activities concerning bitcoins In the case of activities concerning bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies, the taxes like income tax, corporation tax and capital gains tax transactions will hinge on the very activities taking place and the parties involved, in the similar way as transactions involving a normal currency, such as sterling, are decided.  &gt; No special instructions are there for income tax, corporation tax and capital gain tax for the transactions relating to bitcoins.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/72z5sg/bitcoin_tax_in_the_uk_explained/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~218069 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **bitcoin**^#1 **tax**^#2 **activity**^#3 **currency**^#4 **transaction**^#5"
it will be far reaching. China sustains commodity levels, if China collapses it will take alongside the BRICs along with Australia and its neighbors both in South Asia and Central Asia. If China decides to sell its American bonds, it will affect America's debt issuing machine.
I would do a Roth Conversion and put it at the same place where the rest of your Roth funds are before withdrawing it.
"I'm not convinced this is completely possible without additional data.  I'm categorizing my purchases now, and I keep running into things like ""was this hardware store purchase for home repair, hobby tools and supplies, cookware, ..."" Ditto for department stores, ditto for cash purchases which appear only as an ATM withdrawal. Sometimes I remember, sometimes I guess, sometimes I just give up. In the end, this budget tracking isn't critical for me so that's good enough. If you really want accuracy, though, I think you are stuck with keeping all your receipts, of taking notes, so you can resolve these gaps."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://reneweconomy.com.au/us-solar-plant-costs-fall-another-30-per-cent-just-one-year-49419/) reduced by 70%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; U.S. Solar Photovoltaic System Cost Benchmark: Q1 2017 shows PV system prices falling roughly 30 per cent in only one year for utility-scale solar, to an average price of $1.03 per watt-DC for fixed-tilt systems and $1.11 per watt for systems with tracking.  &gt; NREL has estimated that this translates to levelized costs of electricity from $50-66 per megawatt-hour for fixed tilt systems and $44-$61/MWh for tracking systems, excluding the effect of the U.S. federal Investment Tax Credit.  &gt; NREL found that prices for commercial and industrial systems fell a still-impressive 15% over the last year to an average of $1.85 per watt-DC, while prices for residential systems fell only 6% to $2.80 per watt.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/717qx9/us_solar_plant_costs_fall_another_30_per_cent_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~213287 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **System**^#1 **price**^#2 **Cost**^#3 **solar**^#4 **U.S.**^#5"
An aim of the government to fetch out all the illegal financial dealings which has been deleted or de-activated more than 11.44 lakh permanent account numbers (PANs) as of 27th of July in cases where multiple numbers were found allotted to one person.
So an investor would get their principal back in interest payments after 13.5 years if things remained stable, not accounting for discounting future cash flows/any return for the risk they are taking.  The long maturity helps insurance companies and pensions properly match the duration of their liabilities. Still doesn't seem like a good bet, but it makes sense that it happened.
&gt; Please read the other comments about   That's all very well, and I **did** read the article - thank you very much for your suggestion; but my comment was not related to the other comments, it was a reply to a specific comment about smaller businesses being more responsive to customer complaints than smaller ones, something that I have not found to be true.  In fact, it is often quite the opposite.  Perhaps in your neck of the woods, small businesses are always polite and perfect, and never require your time.  My opinion is different.  For example, if a small business makes a mistake, then I definitely need to take time off work to try to fix it; possibly, I'll need to even personally go in.  On the other hand, my large banks have people available nights and weekends, making it easier.
i mean, what equipment are you looking at? have you approached professionals in the field to borrow/accompany them? schools/universities? can you get by with sub-par or cheap-er equipment? can you pick up a part time job to start accumulating some of this equipment? have you checked around with any government organizations which do this type of work?
Well, if the bond notes are the only currency around, then the electric company will have to choose from at least one of the money supplies to accept as payment; bonds will be the cash.  Whichever firm they choose will just see their money demand go up.    Second, It will most likely be implied that those people choosing to go into a certain money supply will want to look for a produced good or service in the economy from that firm before taking on it's notes.  If the supply has too much inflation for everyone, than they can all move to another one that ensures their capital value.    The idea of these systems is also to facilitate productive decision making, which is one of the things are education system should do more of these days.  This will be more possible when Government is more limited to and more focused on the role of researcher and developer.
&gt;any good investment takes time  Yea first you have to borrow millions of dollars, stash it away/buy recurring income assets, and wait long enough to declare bankruptcy so that you don't go to jail for fraud. He specifically calls bankruptcy a tool in the book, and he obviously used it after spending borrowed money on income-earning assets. You can say that's smart. I say it's illegal.
I don't see why though. I don't eat fast food very often, but the one by me is always packed. So I decide to try it. The fries were soggy and the sandwich was worse. A year or so later I decide to give them another shot. Same thing. I don't get it. The frozen lemonade thing was excellent though.
"Publicly traded companies files 10-Ks with the SEC, searchable on the EDGAR system.  If you want basic financial statement info then look for 10-Ks that are marked ""Interactive Data"", as for those the SEC has  broken everything out by statement into standard formats.  You could also use marketwatch which puts everything in financial statements into the same or as similar of categories as it can to make it easier to compare companies."
That kind of waiting experience is common. Admissions decisions, medical test results, job applications—all involve some period of time where you have to wait to get news, but there is little or nothing you can do to affect the outcome of the decision.
"zPesk has a great answer about dividends generally, but to answer your question specifically about yield traps, here are a few things that I look for: As with everything, if it looks too good to be true, it probably is.  A 17% yield is pretty out of this world, even for a REIT.  And I wouldn't bet on it holding up.  Compare a company's yield to that of others in the same industry (different industries have different ""standards"" for what is considered a high or low yield) Dividends have to come from somewhere, and that somewhere is cash flow.  Look at the company's financial statements.  Do they have sufficient cash flow to pay the dividend?  Have there been any recent changes in their cash flow situation?  How are earnings holding up?  Debt levels? Cash on hand? Sudden moves in stock price.  A sudden drop in the stock price will cause the yield to rise.  Sometimes this indicates a bargain, but if the drop is due to a real worry about the company's financial health (see #2) it's probably an indication that a dividend cut is coming. What does their dividend history look like?  Do they have a consistent track record of paying out good dividends for years and years?  Companies with a track record of paying dividends consistently and/or increasing their dividend regularly are likely to continue to do so."
Man, that's some really important stuff when it comes to filling out a TPS report.  Which, BTW, now have a cover sheet.  Did you see the memo on the cover sheets for TPS reports?  I'll make sure you get another copy of that memo.
Tell you what, I live in Norway.  Everyone can look up at least the declared taxable income of everybody, including his coworkers, his boss, the CEO, the Bishop, the cleaning lady etc..  Same in Switzerland as far as I know.  Sweden maybe as well, don't know.    No increased levels of bitterness around here.  Rather high salaries though, but that's probably more related to being a very rich country.  (I personally don't even care enough to look but then I'm in a rather individual payment structure.)
The best ask is the lowest ask, and the best bid is the highest bid.  If the ask was lower than the bid then they crossed, and that would be a crossed market and quickly resolved. So the bid will almost always be cheaper than the ask. A heuristic is that a bid is the revenue of the stock at any given time while the ask is the cost, so the market will only ever offer a profit to itself not to the liquidity seeker. If examining the book vertically, all orders are usually sorted descending. Since the best ask is the lowest ask, it is on the bottom of the asks, and vice versa for the best bid. The best bid & best ask will be those closest since that's the narrowest spread and price-time priority will promise that a bid that crosses the asks will hit the lowest ask, the best possible price for the bidder and vice versa for an ask that crosses the best bid.
No problem, glad you responded &amp; I hope it is useful to you. Most of that stuff is actually how upcoming technology will effect dell not so much the economy but some of it goes hand in hand. Best of luck to you on you project. Also, thank you for the thank you.  I've responded to too many posts of people asking for help that never respond to their own posts so kudos to you.
I used to go as a child and I WANT to go back but in good conscience, I can't. :( I WANT to enjoy the shows where wounded or rescued animals that can't be returned to the wild can be shown or emotionally stimulated.   But -- I can't while they have the whales there. :( **I miss you Sea World but I will not go as long as they are there**
I think that some of that might have to do with not being confortable with accepting systems of rules that people just make up and accept.  In the case of relativity, things are based on observation and governed by logic which shouldn't have any contradictions.  To understand the creation/destruction of money, it requires understanding how a set of made up rules were implemented and lead to a state where the rules no longer work or seem to form a contradiction, IMO.  I wouldn't say it's harder to understand than relativity, I would just say that understanding it requires seeing that, unlike physics, not everything was played exactly by the rules.
You have currency risk either way.  The only question is deal with it now or later.  No one can tell you which action is better until we look at it in hindsight.  You could hedge and move some now, some later.  Invest your USD in US equities and move some to EUR and invest that in EUR companies. I'd suggest having your money in the same currency as where you are living, since for the most part, you'll be in the same boat as your peers and neighbors.  If you have high inflation, so will your friends and neighbors and you won't feel so bad.  And if your currency gets stronger, then so will the currency of the people you are hanging out with. It's similar to betting on Don't Pass in craps.  If you bet against the rest of the table, you could win when they lose, but then all your friends will be sad and you'll be happy. And vice versa, when your friends are high-fiving, you'll be in the dumps. I'd say it's better to be in the same boat as your peers since that's usually how we judge our happiness when we compare our situation to others.
I agree to an extent. You make good points.  I'm still not at a state where I would trust our incompetent government to efficiency allocate and run a healthcare system sponsored by taxpayers or users. I assume each European nation has its own plan or system. To extrapolate such over a country with a population and sprawl of the U.S. seems much more difficult.  To be honest, I'm at a loss of how to solve the problem. Fighting the population bubble, global sluggishness, corruption, government waste, and populace inequality has really forced me out of politics.   Sorry for the demoralized response, but I cannot say you are right or wrong at this point. And frankly, I'm starting to realize it doesn't matter.
Yup, there is the temptation to go out to bars etc, but you can always invite people back to your place instead for studying and drinks, if you really need to do that... (oh ya... if your jurisdiction doesn't allow drinking at your age, I guess it won't be an issue, I keep forgetting how it works some other places)
LC Webpros also very famous as a digital marketing agency and the expert digital market researcher of this company are always doing market research and suggest you the best thing for your business investment. If you are looking social media marketing service provider company, then we are the best platform for you. An Active social media presence is kind of like pulling out a business increment at a business meeting and then understanding.
It looks like it has to deal with an expiration of rights as a taxable event. I found this link via google, which states that  Not only does the PSEC shareholder have a TAXABLE EVENT, but he has   TWO taxable events. The net effect of these two taxable events has   DIFFERENT CONSEQUENCES for DIFFERENT SHAREHOLDERS depending upon their   peculiar TAX SITUATIONS. The CORRECT STATEMENT of the tax treatment of unexercised PYLDR rights   is in the N-2 on page 32, which reads in relevant part as follows: “…, if you receive a Subscription Right from PSEC and do not sell or   exercise that right before it expires, you should generally expect to   have (1) taxable dividend income equal to the fair market value (if   any) of the Subscription Right on the date of its distribution by PSEC   to the extent of PSEC’s current and accumulated earnings and profits   and (2) a capital loss upon the expiration of such right in an amount   equal to your adjusted tax basis (if any) in such right (which should   generally equal the fair market value (if any) of the Subscription   Right on the date of its distribution by PSEC).” Please note, for quarterly “estimated taxes” purposes, that the   DIVIDEND taxable events occur “ON THE DATE OF ITS DISTRIBUTION BY PSEC   (my emphasis),” while the CAPITAL LOSS occurs “UPON EXPIRATION OF SUCH   RIGHT” (my emphasis). They do NOT occur on 31 December 2015 or some   other date. However, to my knowledge, neither of the taxable events he mentions would be taxed by 4/15. If you are worried about it, I would recommend seeing a tax professional. Otherwise I'd wait to see the tax forms sent by your brokerage.
"For US stocks it's a bit of a gamble. Many actively managed funds underperform the market indexes, but some of them outperform in many years. With an index you will get average results. With an active manager you ""might"" do better than average. So you can view active management as a higher risk, potentially higher reward investment approach. On the other hand, if you want to diversify some of your investments into international stocks, bonds, junk bonds, and real estate (REITs) active management is highly likely to be better than indexing. For these specialized areas specialized knowledge and research is needed."
Here is a list to Yahoo! Finance API.  Not sure how much longer this will be support though: https://code.google.com/p/yahoo-finance-managed/wiki/YahooFinanceAPIs
There is economic value added to the marketplace, by having many investors trading stocks. The stock market itself can be thought of as a tool which provides additional 'liquidity' to the marketplace. Liquidity is the ease with which you can convert your assets into cash (for example, how quickly could you sell your car if you needed money to pay a medical bill?). Without a stock market, funds would be very illiquid - an investor would likely need to post advertisements to have other people consider buying his/her shares. Until the match between a buyer and seller is found, the person with the shares can't use the cash they need. On the other side of the transaction, are people who have an appetite for risk. This means that, for various reasons, they are willing to take on more risk than you, if it pays off on average (they are young [and have many years of salary earnings in front of them], or they are rich [can afford to lose money sometimes if it pays off on average]). Consider this like a transaction between your insurance broker - you don't want to pay for a new car if you get in an accident, and you're willing to pay total annual premiums that, on average, will cost more than that same car over time. You don't want the risk, but the insurance company does - that's how they make money. So by participating in any marketplace, you are providing value, in the form of liquidity, and by allowing the market to allocate risk to those willing to take it on.
I used to go on recruiting trips when I was in consulting and got a great look at the process and what HR values. Presentation: wear a white shirt with a mild patterned tie (dark blue or dark red with grey are good colors). Prep: Study the company's website and read the first part of their 10-Q financial report. Have a leather portfolio with a pen, notepad for notes, and 10 copies of your resume. Attitude: Show enthusiasm about the company and position. You'll want to have questions for the interviewers, even if you know the answer, and can ask different people the same question. Good luck and have confidence!
"One way to ""get into the real estate market"" is to invest your money in a fund which has its value tied to real estate. For example, a Real Estate Investment Trust. This fund would fluctuate largely inline with the property values in the area(s) where the fund puts its money. This would have a few (significant) changes from 'traditional' real estate investing, including:"
&gt;but taking actions specifically for the purpose of killing off competition is not good because it reduces the pressures on efficiencies.  Only for customers and economy as a whole. Company with monopoly power enjoys monopoly profits.   The business model of  Amazon is pretty clear: Build advantages trough network externalities and large scale. Amazon invests everything into more growth. More revenue and market share means that Amazon can drop it's margins more than competition. That's how Wal-Mart became a giant.   Amazon is internet era logistics and bulk  services company. Whole Foods acquisition is horizontal integration and increases Amazon's economies of scale. Everything will connect  together in distribution network level. http://www.businessinsider.com/amazons-earnings-highlight-expanding-logistics-network-2017-2?utm_source=markets&amp;utm_medium=ingest&amp;r=US&amp;IR=T&amp;IR=T  Amazon is building barriers to entry as fast as it can using:   - demonstration pricing: dropping price very low in a ‘demonstration’ of power and to put pressure on existing or potential rivals. - limit pricing:  setting a price just below the average cost of new entrants  - high set-up costs - exclusive contracts - vertical integration  - horizontal integration
I could argue Amazon. And Facebook the other way.  Before the down-vote brigade appears, I'll just say I said I could *argue* those points. Also, I haven't done valuation in years, and definitely not for tech because while I am a big techie, the industry itself seems likes a clown lottery with respect to valuation.
It would be wise for company owners or employers to have their employees train on health and safety practices especially if their job involves some risks. The training will not only prepare them in case of accidents but will also boost their confidence in doing their tasks.
Firstly, it should be noted that the period of the investment is  all of the years 2007 to 2017 inclusive. This totals (temporarily removing one shoe and sock to extend counting range) 11 years!  Not the 9 of the OP and the accepted answer... Secondly, there are various definitions of average rate of return.  One would be : What constant annual rate of return, compounded annually, will yield   the same result as the given investment? Unfortunately, this results in an equation that cannot be solved by ordinary algebraic methods.  If r is the desired annual rate, then the equation is: (1+r)^11 * 10000 = 14567 Using logarithms: log(1 + r) = log(1.4567)/11 r = 3.4789%
These days there are a lot of solutions which allow you to hire a car on the Internet itself. One of the major benefits of booking on the internet rental-car solutions is that you will preserve a fortune and ensure that things are effectively structured, thus saving sufficient time as well. We provide the Car rental services at a cheap price in the whole world. The best way to reduce costs and plan for local transportation when you are on a vacation is to book your car.
"Is this legal? Why not? But you might have trouble deducting losses on your taxes, especially if you sell to someone related to you in some way (which is indeed what you're doing). See the added portion below regarding dealing with ""related person"" (which a sibling is). The state of Maryland has a transfer/recordation tax of 1.5% for each, the buyer and seller. Would this be computed on the appraised or sale value? You should check with the State. In California property taxes are assessed based on sale value, but if the sale value is bogus the assessors have the right to recalculate. Since you're selling to family, the assessors will likely to intervene and set a more close to ""fair market"" value on the transaction, but again - check the local law. Will this pose any problem if the buyer needs financing? Likely, banks will be suspicious.Since you're giving a discount to your sibling, it will likely not cause a problem for financing. If it was an unrelated person getting such a discount, it would likely to have raised some questions. Would I be able to deduct a capital loss on my tax return? As I said - it may be a problem. If the transaction is between related people - likely not. Otherwise - not sure. Check with a professional tax adviser (EA or CPA licensed in Maryland). You mentioned in the comment that the buyer is a sibling. IRS Publication 544 has a list of what is considered ""related person"", and that includes siblings. So the short answer is NO, you will not be able to deduct the loss. The tax treatment is not trivial in this case, and I suggest to have a professional tax adviser guide you on how to proceed. Here's the definition of ""related person"" from the IRS pub. 544: Members of a family, including only brothers, sisters, half-brothers, half-sisters, spouse, ancestors (parents, grandparents,   etc.), and lineal descendants (children, grandchildren, etc.). An individual and a corporation if the individual directly or indirectly owns more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of the   corporation. Two corporations that are members of the same controlled group as defined in section 267(f) of the Internal Revenue Code. A trust fiduciary and a corporation if the trust or the grantor of the trust directly or indirectly owns more than 50% in value of the   outstanding stock of the corporation. A grantor and fiduciary, and the fiduciary and beneficiary, of any trust. Fiduciaries of two different trusts, and the fiduciary and beneficiary of two different trusts, if the same person is the grantor   of both trusts. A tax-exempt educational or charitable organization and a person who directly or indirectly controls the organization, or a member of   that person's family. A corporation and a partnership if the same persons own more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of the corporation and more than   50% of the capital interest or profits interest in the partnership. Two S corporations if the same persons own more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of each corporation. Two corporations, one of which is an S corporation, if the same persons own more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of each   corporation. An executor and a beneficiary of an estate unless the sale or exchange is in satisfaction of a pecuniary bequest. Two partnerships if the same persons directly or indirectly own more than 50% of the capital interests or profits interests in both   partnerships. A person and a partnership if the person directly or indirectly owns more than 50% of the capital interest or profits interest in the   partnership."
The Direct Selling Association (DSA) is an autonomous and self-regulatory body that deals with the direct selling business organizations.  The Association acts as a bridge between the direct selling industry as well as policy-making bodies of Indian Government. It works for the cause of Direct Selling Industry. The DSA also tries to create a favorable environment for the growth and expansion of direct selling industry.
The answer is very simple. Part of the luxury is having the cutting edge technology with the very latest features. The price premium is not just from increased build quality; it's simply a perception. Additionally, 10 years takes its toll on a car. The smooth suspension gets rougher over time, and all the little features start to break down. Part of the price of that car factors in the expense of expected repairs. That's true of every car, but the repairs are more expensive when there are lots of gadgets to break down, especially on imports.
OK ok. I am going to guess here LIVE and find out about Ms Myers...Did she go to Harvard? Did her parents go to Harvard? Was she connected into her job?  NO! It seems not. Although she graduated in 1999 from Stanford and now is worth $430 million. Not a bad decade and a half!
And the 360 only saw a real jump in 2011 because of the release and initial high sales of the Kinect. They have returned to lagging significantly in 2012. Thanks for the stats, I hadn't seen an aggregate list of sales and market share until now.
"When I was younger I had a problem with Washington Mutual.  Someone had deposited a check in to my account then ran my account negative with a ""dupe"" of my debit card.  WaMu tied up my account for three months while they investigated because it wasn't simply a debit card fraud issue, this was check fraud (so they claimed).  At the time all the money I had in the world was in that account and the ordeal was extremely disruptive to my life.  Since the, I never spend on my debit card(s) and I keep more than one checking account to disperse the risk and avoid disruption in the event anything ever happens again. Now one of the accounts contains just enough money (plus a small buffer) to pay my general monthly expenses and the other is my actual checking account.   There's no harm in having more than one checking account and if you think it will enhance your finances, do it. Though, there's no reason to get a business account unless you've actually formed a business."
Having taxes in USD gives the USD intrinsic value.  The US government already fights any attempt to have the petrodollar undermined (foreign exchanges that trade oil in currency other than USD).  It will have to exactly 0 interest in undermining itself by accepting anything but USD in taxes.
"At least a snake oil seller would admit to being a snake oil salesman eventually.  You're right - they're everywhere.  These people (99% are women) are so earnest, totally humourless and indignant.  I'm disabled so they buzz around me like flies.    Collectively they are so annoying, so misguided but, unlike the snakeoil guys, these people believe it all.  ""Wellness"" gurus, I-can-cure-cancer-eating-salad f-wits and, my personal favourite, the people who blame me for getting (and keeping) my condition that started when I was 12.  It's all my fault.  Sanctimonious hippy arseholes - I know where they should shove their crystals."
Some other unsecured loans that are common:
We recently had a sump pump fail during a rainy weekend. Never had more than an inch or so of water on the floor.  Total cost to remove the water, dry out the basement, and repair the damage to the paneling and wallboard: more than $7,000 plus the new sump pump. We are not in a flood zone.  In a flood zone the cost of the loss could be total. A flood is also the type of hazard that can also destroy the value of land.  No way I would want to self insure for this known hazard.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2017/07/10/commentary/world-commentary/trumps-trade-trap/#.WWOdSOmQyUk) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Trump sees the costs of these programs as showing that past U.S. leaders were willing to sacrifice the interests of ordinary Americans to meaningless global cooperation.  &gt; U.S. officials negotiated horrible trade deals; American workers lost their jobs to imports; our putative allies didn&amp;#039;t pick up their fair share of military spending.  &gt; Last week, Europe and Japan announced they&amp;#039;re negotiating a trade agreement that covers 40 percent of world trade and excludes the U.S. Being outside these agreements would weaken U.S. exports.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6mg13e/trumps_trade_trap/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~163838 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **U.S.**^#1 **Trump**^#2 **American**^#3 **trade**^#4 **percent**^#5"
You've got two options.  Deduct the business portion of the depreciation and actual expenses for operating the car.  Use the IRS standard mileage rate of $.575/mile in 2015. Multiply your business miles by the rate to calculate your deduction.  Assuming you're a sole proprietor you'll include a Schedule C to your return and claim the deduction on that form.
That's the clincher for me too.  As the customer, I don't give a shit about a virtual separation between Best Buy the store and BestBuy.com.  You've got ads for BB.com all over the goddamn store, in my eyes it's the same thing.  Yet, the online store undercuts the physical store by hundreds of dollars in some cases, and forces me to go through another hoop of ordering it online then setting up in-store delivery to the store I'm already friggin standing in.  How's about I just play on your nice floor model, and you either match Amazon's or whoever's price or I just order it from them and get it shipped to my house?
How did they violate the law if he hasn't been declared legally incompetent? I'm not saying they didn't I just don't personally know and I'm sure if she can state exactly HOW it was illegal to the dealership they would be more likely to just refund it.
I have a very specific MBA in sustainable business and my thoughts always go to that topic so this might be more detailed than you'd like.   I think it'd be interesting to assess how the proliferation of digital communication, which manifests as much more transparency and an informed consumer base, has affected international supply chain sustainability and the response of management.   Corporate Social Responsibility has grown exponentially in the last few decades. How much is that because it's a lot harder to hide bad behavior with social media allowing for more niche activism?
"Written with some mild snark , but no insult intended, because financial stuff can be ridiculously confusing... Looked at another way, you're basically asking if the Biblical ""Parable of the Talents"" can be implemented as a business model.  You as the investor wish to be the ""master"", with the entity doing the investing playing the part of the ""servant"". Since the law prohibits actual servitude as described in scripture, the model must substitute a contractual profit- and loss-sharing scheme. OK, based on what you've proposed, and by way of example, let's say you invested a thousand dollars. You give the investment service your money. At the end of a year, they give you back   - Your capital ($1000)  - Plus 1/2 of any profits  OR  - Less 1/2 of any losses So let's say the worst happens and they lose ALL of it. According to your proposal, they have to cover 1/2 of the loss. You end up with $500...but they end up with LESS than nothing. They will be in a deficit situation because all the expense was theirs. They don't just fail to make a profit. They go in the hole. It doesn't matter what percentages you use. Regardless of how the loss is shared, you've only guaranteed YOU can't lose all your money. The company CAN. Given a large enough investment, or enough market fluctuation, a big shared loss could shut down a smaller firm. To summarize:   - You want a service that charges you nothing   - Does all the work of expertly managing and investing your capital  - Takes on part of the risk you would normally bear  - (on top of their usual risk and liability)  - Agrees to do so solely for a percentage of any return (where higher returns will likely involve a higher degree of risk)  - AND that guarantees, after just 1 year, you'll get X% of your capital back, no matter what. Win or lose.  - Even if the market crashes and all your capital, and theirs, is wiped out Superbest, um, to be serious briefly: what you're proposing is, if nothing else, inherently unfair and inequitable. I believe you intended it as a mutually beneficial scenario, but the real-world imbalance in risk and reward prevents it being so. Any financial service that would accept those terms along with the extra degree of risk would be fiscally irresponsible. From a business standpoint it's an untenable model, and no company would build on it. It would be tantamount to corporate suicide. The requirement that a service promise to give you back X% of your money, no matter how great the loss, makes your proposal impossible. You need to think about how much all this costs, realistically, as well what kind of returns you can actually expect. And that more risk for higher return is exactly what a service could NOT take a chance on if it had to ""share"" investors' losses. Besides, it's not really sharing, now is it? They will always lose more than you, always end up in a negative situation, unable even to recoup costs. Circumstances beyond their control could result in a drop in the value that not only wipes out any profit, but requires them to pay YOU for work performed and expenses incurred on your behalf.  Why would they let anyon double-dip like that? Yeah, we all prefer getting something for nothing...but you want valuable services and for them to pay you money for the privilege of providing them? I totally agree that would be fantastic, but in this world even ""free"" doesn't come cheap anymore. And getting back to costs:  Without consistent income the service would have nowhere to work and no resources to work with. No office, computer, phone, electricity, Internet, insurance, payroll, licensing, training, maintenance, security, lobbying, etc., etc., etc. Why do people always forget overhead? There's a reason these services operate the way they do. Even the best are working with fairly slim margins in a volatile sector. They're not into 1-year gambles unlikely to cover their cost of doing business, or having to pay for a negative return out of their own pocket. Look, if you're the Biblical master asking your servant to manage things, overhead is built-in. You're taking all the risk as well. You're paying for all three servants' food, home, clothing, etc, plus you had to buy the servants themselves. So its reasonable that you reap the reward of their labor. You paid for it, and you didn't even punish the servant who buried your money in a hole. The two good servants may have done the legwork, but you took on the burden of everything else. In your proposed service, however, contrary to the servant's usual role, the servant - i.e., the company - would be assuming a portion of your risk on top of their own, yet without any guarantee of profit, income, or even coverage of costs. They're also subject to regulations, fees, liability, legal stuff, etc. that you're not, against most of which you are indemnified and held harmless. If they agree to cover a share of your loss, it exposes to greater liability and more related risk. It robs them of resources they need to  invest in their own business, while at the same time forcing them to do all the work. As a result, your model doesn't give such a service a fighting chance. Getting it off the ground and lasting past the first-year payouts would require more luck than skill.  They'd be better off heading to Vegas and the blackjack table, where the only overhead is a cheap flight and room, where the odds and rules don't change overnight, and they at least get free drinks. If none of the equivalents satisfies, then the Biblical parable appears to describe your only option for obtaining exactly what you want: Move to a country where slavery is legal and buy an investor  :-) Cheers, c"
You have a point with suicide, however, even the smallest estimates of defensive gun use show it is more common than gun homicides.  In regards to suicide, we need to examine WHY people are committing suicide and work to resolve the root causes. Likely ending the drug war (less people in prison, less people with felony records), better access to healthcare, and more assistance for the poor will help greatly at killing the root causes of why people want to commit suicide.
&gt;  I don't have the cash for a top tier law school or even to afford to live near one,  Why not take out some loans? If you can get into a good school and get a good job, its worth it.   &gt; Psychiatric Nurse Practitioner or possibly a Physician's Assistant.  Both good options.  I wish you luck :)
Quite a lot of reasons but mostly supply and demand.   Some areas of Africa are extremely remote and just don't have things there that some of the population now want.   I would guess it won't be like this for much longer but right now it is and i have met plenty of people taking advantage of that fact.
From what I read, if the monthly average of the stock falls below 1 dollar, it can be delisted from the NYSE, which of course means you lose everything.  I've been playing this same stock on a day by day basis.  Twice I've finished up 15% on the day, with AMR, but  I don't plan on being able to do this for much longer though.  I dumped it all today just in case they decide to remove it this weekend.
Have you even looked at youtube? Every song or scene from any movie is available for free. Youtube is supposed to be about home videos, not stolen entertainment that would cost money to watch normally. Even with a plethora of options like netflix, itunes, amazon on demand, hulu, vudu, redbox, blockbuster, time warner vod, xbox live, psn on demand, people endlessly download movies and songs. We deserve to have laws like this.
Also peak is going to get a lot worse.  No-one is going to wait to plug their car in until bed time.  They are going to plug it in as soon as they get home in the evenings,  and if there are high wattage fast chargers to get that first 40ish % charged quickly before swapping to trickle charge then I have a feeling there will be peak price hikes as a result of the load increase.
Would bond holders differentiate in their EV/EBITDA calcs when compared to equity holders when valuing a private company?  For e.g. when it comes to a company that has built a power plant, generally equity holders would take an additional haircut/discount for the lack of marketability.   Would debt holders do the same? Would there be a higher valuation otherwise?
Americans want cheaper health care. They do not want one where you have to wait months for a blood test and sometimes they cut off the wrong leg (see video on Canadian health care system below).  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2jijuj1ysw  There is a medium between a monopoly market (what exists today) and a socialized one. It is called a free market.
I think what ended up happening with this is the canadian banks issued some high risk debt that is in line with the bail-in requirements. So the interest payments are more, but they could lose it all in a bail-in situation.  There was actually some debate about the sale of the debt not being fairly handled, but from the sounds of it the notes sold pretty quickly. So there doesn't seem to be much risk to depositors and investors don't seem to be worried about the additional risk. Also at the time of the banks becoming compliant with the Basel regulation I think most of them jacked their service fees to help with raising the additional capital requirements.  http://business.financialpost.com/2014/07/21/rbc-responds-to-complaints-about-issue-of-nvcc-subordinated-debt/
I think rather than take a percentage out, I focus on getting a total amount I consider appropriate for my emergency fund.  Then as for retirement, I do at least what my employer matches, up to the contribution limit.  For example my personal retirement plan in the US has an annual max contribution of $5000. Once I have my 6 to 12 month emergency fund (in a pretty liquid form) and a fully funded retirement, I want to concentrate on building wealth via investments or increasing the quality of my life by spending. Summary answer is:  no percentage for emergency, just get to a total amount you feel comfortable.  Then whatever percentage will allow you to make the most of employer matching and make your retirement fully funded.
What are the steps to bring the money to the US? It is worth 1.25 Crore and I have already paid the 20% tax in India. Under the Liberalized Remittance Scheme an Individual can repatriate funds upto USD 250,000 without any paperwork.  However most banks would be cautious and request for Form 15CA and Form 15CB if you are moving funds from NRO Account. Form 15 CA you would need to declare why you are moving the said funds. The Form 15 CB is to be filled by  Chartered Account certifying that relevant taxes have been already paid to Income Tax. Most Banks would offer these services. Compare the Fx Rate and Fees before you make a decision as to which Bank to proceed with.
In short. A fiat currency is money that has value only because (usually) a government says it does.  A counter example (non-fiat currency) is a gold coin that has intrinsic value usually because it is made of valuable materials that people would trade goods/services. That is the value comes from what you are holding more than what it represents.
I agree that poor management can mightily contribute to subpar plan performance, but many other factors contribute to it too, and I'm not convinced that it's purely ineptitude on Ford/GM/American Airlines/whoever else that has resulted in these pension headaches. Like I said, it's difficult. I also just don't like pensions from a business strategy perspective, because it creates a long-term liability that any going concern should obviously avoid. I think that letting individuals control their own finances is better for employer and employee. If the employee wants that pension buyout option right now to go buy a Porsche, who's to say we should stop them? It's their money.
you have it.  fry's has to compete with amazon as well, and we don't see nearly as much bitching and moaning an prognostication of their demise as we do with best buy. price matching has been a part of their strategy for a while.
Customers also have different needs and the more extreme the need, the more likely they're going to rate you. So even if you completely fulfill a customer's need, unless it was an extreme need or they were in a predefined emotional state, you're not likely to get a review.  As an example, we used to actually fix things at our Radio Shack, with solder and such. In store. A FEW people would give us feedback about that. We were also allowed leeway on what we could take for returns (receipt, 30 day limit, etc.). So if the customer came in and started telling me how our products sucked, and they were calling the BBB it's unlikely they would receive the queen bee treatment. They also gave reviews (Yelp wasn't around at the time).  In short, despite the fact we gave the vast majority of our customers way above par treatment, the people most likely to give reviews were self-entitled pissants. Despite what people say about turning customers around (from angry to nice), this only happened with maybe 1 out of every 5 pissy customers. Another two would probably be shown to be attempting to scam the store in some manner and a fourth would likely have to be shown the door.
&gt; Now we can go on and explain why Jews have cultivated so much hatred for them selves, starting with their habit of Usury and the Betrayal of Christ to the Romans,  That's nothing! As you know, Jews use the blood of young boys for their rituals... while controlling the media and banks...
Your tenant made a mistake. You deal with this exactly as you would deal with a delinquent tenant, which is a hard and sticky question that involves you, your lease, your relationship with the tenant, your priorities, your values, local laws, your estimation of tenant's honest and creditworthiness, and so forth. It's not an easy question. It just falls under the question of how to deal with delinquency that happens to involve the circumstance of allegedly paying cash and having it stolen, which is a hard question.
@gef05 He was making a reference to expatriation and renouncing citizenship. Citizens have to pay taxes wherever they are no matter how long they are there, people that renounce their citizenship have to continue paying income taxes to the US IRS for several years
"Keep in mind that when you brand a truck, on the road it's advertising your business, but when it's sitting in the driveway, unattended at night, it's also a sign to people that ""Hey, I'm filled with lots of expensive tools, come break into me!""  Use caution.  The contractors I know all avoid branding on their vehicles for this very reason."
Floyd can't read, dude.    It happened to Tyson, Holyfield, and countless other athletes.  Floyd is going to go broke when he has a tax liability that he doesn't pay, and can't secure another $100mil payday because he is too old.  I guarantee it will happen within the next 10-15 years.
They have already done this - why should they have to pay taxes when a latecomer does not have to? Why did they have to follow environmental laws when Foxconn does not? That sounds like crony capitalism to me, where the government favors certain businesses over others.
"I would differentiate between pricing and valuation a bit more:  Valuation is the result of investment analysis and the result of coming up with a fair value for a company and its shares; this is done usually by equity analysts. I have never heard about pricing a security in this context. Pricing would indicate that the price of a product or security is ""set"" by someone (i.e. a car manufacturer sets the prices of its new cars). The price of a security however is not set by an analyst or an institution, it is solely set by the stock market (perhaps based on the valuations of different analysts).  There is only one exception to this: pricing an IPO before its shares are actually traded on an exchange. In this case the underwriting banks set the price (based on the valuation) at which the shares are distributed."
Often, we find ourselves overwhelmed with a large number of exciting options, immense possibilities, conflicting opinions, changing priorities, shifting bottlenecks, fluctuating market scenarios and unpredictable customers!  Test your situation with this TEN-QUESTION-TOOL to re-engineer and transform your situation into a workable strategy and a clear-cut plan!
"Yes. There are several downsides to this strategy: You aren't taking into account commissions. If you pay $5 each time you buy or sell a stock, you may greatly reduce or even eliminate any possible gains you would make from trading such small amounts. This next point sounds obvious, but remember that you pay a commission on every trade regardless of profit, so every trade you make that you make at a loss also costs you commissions. Even if you make trades that are profitable more often than not, if you make quite a few trades with small amounts like this, your commissions may eat away all of your profits. Commissions represent a fixed cost, so their effect on your gains decreases proportionally with the amount of money you place at risk in each trade. Since you're in the US, you're required to follow the SEC rules on pattern day trading. From that link, ""FINRA rules define a “pattern day trader” as any customer who executes four or more “day trades” within five business days, provided that the number of day trades represents more than six percent of the customer’s total trades in the margin account for that same five business day period."" If you trip this rule, you'll be required to maintain $25,000 in a margin brokerage account. If you can't maintain the balance, your account will be locked. Don't forget about capital gains taxes. Since you're holding these securities for less than a year, your gains will be taxed at your ordinary income tax rates. You can deduct your capital losses too (assuming you don't repurchase the same security within 30 days, because in that case, the wash sale rule prevents you from deducting the loss), but it's important to think about gains and losses in real terms, not nominal terms. The story is different if you make these trades in a tax-sheltered account like an IRA, but the other problems still apply. You're implicitly assuming that the stock's prices are skewed in the positive direction. Remember that you have limit orders placed at the upper and lower bounds of the range, so if the stock price decreases before it increases, your limit order at the lower bound will be triggered and you'll trade at a loss. If you're hoping to make a profit through buying low and selling high, you want a stock that hits its upper bound before hitting the lower bound the majority of the time. Unless you have data analysis (not just your intuition or a pattern you've talked yourself into from looking at a chart) to back this up, you're essentially gambling that more often than not, the stock price will increase before it decreases. It's dangerous to use any strategy that you haven't backtested extensively. Find several months or years of historical data, either intra-day or daily data, depending on the time frame you're using to trade, and simulate your strategy exactly. This helps you determine the potential profitability of your strategy, and it also forces you to decide on a plan for precisely when you want to invest. Do you invest as soon as the stock trades in a range (which algorithms can determine far better than intuition)? It also helps you figure out how to manage your risk and how much loss you're willing to accept. For risk management, using limit orders is a start, but see my point above about positively skewed prices. Limit orders aren't enough. In general, if an active investment strategy seems like a ""no-brainer"" or too good to be true, it's probably not viable. In general, as a retail investor, it's foolish to assume that no one else has thought of your simple active strategy to make easy money. I can promise you that someone has thought of it. Trading firms have quantitative researchers that are paid to think of and implement trading strategies all the time.  If it's viable at any scale, they'll probably already have utilized it and arbitraged away the potential for small traders to make significant gains. Trust me, you're not the first person who thought of using limit orders to make ""easy money"" off volatile stocks. The fact that you're asking here and doing research before implementing this strategy, however, means that you're on the right track. It's always wise to research a strategy extensively before deploying it in the wild. To answer the question in your title, since it could be interpreted a little differently than the body of the question: No, there's nothing wrong with investing in volatile stocks, indexes, etc. I certainly do, and I'm sure many others on this site do as well. It's not the investing that gets you into trouble and costs you a lot of money; it's the rapid buying and selling and attempting to time the market that proves costly, which is what you're doing when you implicitly bet that the distribution of the stock's prices is positively skewed. To address the commission fee problem, assuming a fee of $8 per trade ... and a minimum of $100 profit per sale Commissions aren't your only problem, and counting on $100 profit per sale is a significant assumption. Look at point #4 above. Through your use of limit orders, you're making the implicit assumption that, more often than not, the price will trigger your upper limit order before your lower limit order. Here's a simple example; let's assume you have limit orders placed at +2 and -2 of your purchase price, and that triggering the limit order at +2 earns you $100 profit, while triggering the limit order at -2 incurs a loss of $100. Assume your commission is $5 on each trade.  If your upper limit order is triggered, you earn a profit of 100 - 10 = 90, then set up the same set of limit orders again. If your lower limit order is triggered this time, you incur a loss of 100 + 10 = 110, so your net gain is 90 - 110 = -20. This is a perfect example of why, when taking into account transaction costs, even strategies that at first glance seem profitable mathematically can actually fail.  If you set up the same situation again and incur a loss again (100 + 10 = 110), you're now down -20 - 110 = -130. To make a profit, you need to make two profitable trades, without incurring further losses.  This is why point #4 is so important. Whenever you trade, it's critical to completely understand the risk you're taking and the bet you're actually making, not just the bet you think you're making. Also, according to my ""algorithm"" a sale only takes place once the stock rises by 1 or 2 points; otherwise the stock is held until it does. Does this mean you've removed the lower limit order? If yes, then you expose yourself to downside risk. What if the stock has traded within a range, then suddenly starts declining because of bad earnings reports or systemic risks (to name a few)? If you haven't removed the lower limit order, then point #4 still stands.  However, I never specified that the trades have to be done within the same day.  Let the investor open up 5 brokerage accounts at 5 different firms (for safeguarding against being labeled a ""Pattern Day Trader""). Each account may only hold 1 security at any time, for the span of 1 business week. How do you control how long the security is held? You're using limit orders, which will be triggered when the stock price hits a certain level, regardless of when that happens. Maybe that will happen within a week, or maybe it will happen within the same day. Once again, the bet you're actually making is different from the bet you think you're making. Can you provide some algorithms or methods that do work for generating some extra cash on the side, aside from purchasing S&P 500 type index funds and waiting? When I purchase index funds, it's not to generate extra liquid cash on the side. I don't invest nearly enough to be able to purchase an index fund and earn substantial dividends. I don't want to get into any specific strategies because I'm not in the business of making investment recommendations, and I don't want to start. Furthermore, I don't think explicit investment recommendations are welcome here (unless it's describing why something is a bad idea), and I agree with that policy. I will make a couple of points, however. Understand your goals. Are you investing for retirement or a shorter horizon, e.g. some side income? You seem to know this already, but I include it for future readers.  If a strategy seems too good to be true, it probably is. Educate yourself before designing a strategy. Research fundamental analysis, different types of orders (e.g., so you fully understand that you don't have control over when limit orders are executed), different sectors of the market if that's where your interests lie, etc. Personally, I find some sectors fascinating, so researching them thoroughly allows me to make informed investment decisions as well as learn about something that interests me. Understand your limits. How much money are you willing to risk and possibly lose? Do you have a risk management strategy in place to prevent unexpected losses? What are the costs of the risk management itself? Backtest, backtest, backtest. Ideally your backtesting and simulating should be identical to actual market conditions and incorporate all transaction costs and a wide range of historical data. Get other opinions. Evaluate those opinions with the same critical eye as I and others have evaluated your proposed strategy."
"Yes, a diversified portfolio can generate greater returns than the S&P 500 by going OUTSIDE it. For instance, small stocks (on average) generate higher returns than the ""large caps"" found in the S&P 500. So if you own a diversified portfolio of stocks, some of which are smaller (in market cap) than the typical S&P 500 stock, you have a chance to outperform. You might also outperform by owning other asset classes than stocks such as gold, real estate, and timber (among others) at appropriate times. (You may also be able to get the relevant exposure by owning gold and timber stocks and REITS.) This was a lesson that David Swensen of the Yale endowment taught us."
Normally, in a war everybody suffers and the entire economy goes down. Military contractors do better than average, but the average sucks. The way to take advantage of knowing a war is coming is to leave as soon as possible. There are strategic materials that can become valuable in a war, but such investments are generally very specialized and not something an ordinary investor would be in a position to exploit.  The most profitable businesses in war are food, oil, and ammunition.
"I'm not at all convinced. Sensing ""putting something on the shelf"" isn't much harder than sensing ""taking something off the shelf"". And the market they've shown doesn't have a conventional produce section - I imagine, if they sold produce, they'd sell produce in appropriately-sized plastic boxes."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-08/yellen-bet-on-pulling-workers-back-to-labor-force-is-paying-off) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Even as U.S. unemployment crept lower in recent years, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen stuck with a glacial pace of policy tightening that she justified with a powerful message: there were still millions of potential workers to pull in from the labor market&amp;#039;s sidelines.  &gt; If workers hadn&amp;#039;t come back, the strategy could have spurred an overly-tight labor market that sent wages and inflation up too quickly.  &gt; The surge of job holders coming from outside the labor force &amp;quot;Speaks to the reduction in slack in the labor force,&amp;quot; said Tom Simons, a senior economist at Jefferies LLC in New York.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6m5f49/yellen_bet_on_pulling_workers_back_to_labor_force/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~162709 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **labor**^#1 **works**^#2 **rate**^#3 **market**^#4 **force**^#5"
For questions 1 and 2.  1) If you are packing the loans into a CDO, they are being sold on the open market. Once it achieves a AAA rating, as most did even though they were mostly subprime, alt a, or arm, it is sold and shipped off the originator's books (While the originator of the CDO collects X% in fees)  Basically how the originator makes their money is by X amount of CDOs they sell. There was no incentive to pick and choose the best borrowers to sell a loan to because how the CDOs were sold they achieved the best rating regardless of the borrowers credit risk.  Due to this model, people are going to try and get as many people into the homes and sell the CDO asap. This caused questionable lending practices to result, NINJA (no income, no job, no assets) loans, manipulating borrowers income, assets, etc.   Things that could be changed to help not have this occur again:  a) Feds monetary policy was pretty meh during this period, due to low interest rates the banks had pretty much an endless supply of money and when all the reasonable ventures dried up they had to explore other opportunities to lend.  b) Ratings agencies need an overhaul in how they receive their commission, preferably they should be being paid by the investor not the person issuing the security. This will help to eliminate the bias that results.  c) Having X% (2-5) remain on the institutions books who created the CDO will help to make them responsibly lend. This is because if they are required to have it remain on their books, they will make better longer term decisions in who to lend to.  I'm pretty sure all of these issues are discussed in Nouriel Roubini's book [Crisis Economics](http://www.amazon.com/Crisis-Economics-Course-Future-Finance/dp/1594202508)  Another Great book already mentioned in this thread is by Michael Lewis [The Big Short](http://www.amazon.com/Big-Short-Inside-Doomsday-Machine/dp/0393338827/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1324140607&amp;sr=1-1)  If your interested in the European Crisis Michael Lewis also just came out with [Boomerang](http://www.amazon.com/Boomerang-Travels-New-Third-World/dp/0393081818/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1324140665&amp;sr=1-1)
So much fail and misinformation in this thread. China has REDUCED it's Treasury holdings in 2012. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/22/business/economy/as-the-us-borrows-who-lends.html?_r=0 Also, FTFA, The FEDERAL RESERVE is the largest holder of US Govt Debt, at 1.65 Trillion. Japan is the largest FOREIGN purchaser of US Govt Debt. This is because China has actively been selling US Debt. Why you may ask? Because the United States manipulates the interest rates on it's debt. Google 'Operation Twist'
&gt;HFT allows those with access to leverage sub-second propagation delays in pricing, which screws those without   Yes it does, just as the first web based trading systems provided investors an advantage over those using the phones to place orders, all the way back to when the wheel provided advantage over those running barefoot in battles. It is the cost of progress.  What is different for the first time in history is that humans are no longer being replaced by other, more efficient humans. They are being replaced by computers, to the point of eventually becoming obsolete. It enables a few to amass enormous leverage but that is a social problem, not an economic one.
This serves as very crucial for the new business manager who is not adept in prospecting the outcomes and for whom, the passages are new! A minor mistake on his part could plunge the whole new venture into the backlash mode which could be potentially dangerous!For More Info:- http://www.startupmentor.co.in/
Yes, you should be able to deduct at least some of these expenses.  For expense incurred before you started the business: What Are Deductible Startup Costs? The IRS defines “startup costs” as deductible capital expenses that are used to pay for: 1) The cost of “investigating the creation or acquisition of an active trade or business.” This includes costs incurred for surveying markets, product analysis, labor supply, visiting potential business locations and similar expenditures. 2) The cost of getting a business ready to operate (before you open your doors or start generating income). These include employee training and wages, consultant fees, advertising, and travel costs associated with finding suppliers, distributors, and customers. These expenses can only be claimed if your research and preparation ends with the formation of a successful business. The IRS has more information on how to claim the expenses if you don’t go into business. https://www.sba.gov/blogs/startup-cost-tax-deductions-how-write-expense-starting-your-business Once your business is underway, you can deduct expenses, but the exact details depend on how you organized.  If you're a sole proprietor for tax purposes, then you'll deduct them on Schedule C of your Form 1040 on your personal tax.  If you are a partnership, C-Corp, or S-Corp, they will be accounted at the business level and either passed on to you on a Schedule K (partnership and S-Corp) or deducted directly by the company (C-Corp). In any case, you will need good records that justify your expenses as business related. It might be well worth at least an initial meeting with a CPA to make sure that you get started on the right foot.
That's what happens when you artificially juice equity markets and pretend it's good for everyone. And create credit bubbles that reward owners and gut renters.   How is it even a surprise that the fortunes of rich and poor would sharply diverge?
It sounds like you are soliciting opinions a little here, so I'll go ahead and give you mine, recognizing that there's a degree of arbitrariness here.  A basic portfolio consists of a few mutual funds that try to span the space of investments.  My choices given your pot: I like VLTCX because regular bond index funds have way too much weight in government securities.  Government bonds earn way too little.  The CAPM would suggest a lot more weight in bonds and international equity.  I won't put too much in bonds because...I just don't feel like it.  My international allocation is artificially low because it's always a little more costly and I'm not sure how good the diversification gains are. If you are relatively risk averse, you can hold some of your money in a high-interest online bank and only put a portion in these investments. $100K isn't all that much money but the above portfolio is, I think, sufficient for most people.  If I had a lot more I'd buy some REIT exposure, developing market equity, and maybe small cap.  If I had a ton more (several million) I'd switch to holding individual equities instead of funds and maybe start looking at alternative investments, real estate, startups, etc.
Your question boils down to saving for a house or saving for retirement. Why not do both? If you invest in a Roth 401k or Roth IRA you can withdraw any contributions that are at least 5 years old without penalty (assuming you're willing to put off purchasing a little longer than your original 2-3 years). If you qualify as a first time home buyer (i.e. you haven't owned a home in at least 2 years) you can withdraw investment earnings as well if your distribution is earmarked towards the down payment and is no more than $10000. Although you won't be penalized for using investment earnings for a down payment you will still have to pay taxes on them. So this may be more appealing to someone that has enough contributions to avoid dipping into the investment earnings. The only other downside is that contributions to a Roth investment are not tax deductible like Traditional IRA and 401k contributions are. Instead, they grow tax free and distributions are tax free when you reach retirement age.
"If Best Buy gets wiped out, that would suck.  Sometimes I like the options of:  * Being able to take-home today * Being able to look at products in the store  I've made 2 recent electronics purchases.  1.  I bought a notebook computer from Amazon.  I have been shopping for a few months, looking at Amazon, and looking at computers in the stores.  I was looking for a few specific things (where the power cord plugs in, if the Function keys were primary or secondary, etc.)  that the Amazon ad didn't specify, so I went to various stores to see how they worked out.  But, Amazon had the best price by about $40 (I have Prime), so I had to order through Amazon.  I feel a tiny bit bad about that, because I theoretically ""used"" the merchandising of other stores to buy at Amazon. 2.  I bought a sound bar for my TV at Best Buy.  One day I decided I wanted to get a sound bar.  It was something I had been thinking about for a long time, but bought on an impulse that day.  It was nice to go into Best Buy and get to look at a whole bunch of options, and then just buy one and take it home.  I never even checked to see if Amazon had the same item available.  I like to think that if Best Buy *did* go out of business, that some other business idea would come along that would make it easy for me to see products in person and have the option for ""buy today""."
A bank needs to make sure they won't lose money by cashing a check. When you have an account with a bank and you cash a check, if the check ends up not getting paid, the bank will take the money back out of your account. This could happen for a number of reasons: the check could bounce (not enough money in the check writer's account), it could be a fraudulent (fake) check, or the payment could have been stopped on that check.  Treasury checks are more problematic for banks than private checks; the government has given themselves more power to refuse to pay a check than the average person has. As a result, banks are already overly cautious about cashing treasury checks. The fact that you have a big check increases the risk for the bank.  You'll have to ask around at different banks to see what they will do for you and what type of fee (if any) they will charge. Some banks might cash it for a fee; others might require that you open a savings account and wait a certain number of days after depositing the check before withdrawing your money.
This amazing site will answer all your data questions. You will need some patience and willingness to spend to get the data that you want. A lot of data is available for free too` https://www.quandl.com/
I'm on the border of Gen X &amp; Millennial, and it seems to me that the overall market is what's impacting a lot of these companies rather than a particular generation of people. I don't buy napkins because I have paper towels. I'd rather spend money on Netflix than Cable TV.  I mean I'm sure age has something to do with it as culture changes over time. But just as in important, with a quick google search I can find the DiY guide to redoing my floors or anything else for that matter. It's easier to save money with more information and the internet has provided a bunch. Now the trick is just getting accurate information. ugh.
I agree with the other answers, but I want to give a slightly different perspective. I believe that a lot of people are smart enough to beat the market, but that it takes a lot more dedication, patience, and self-control than they think. Before Warren Buffett buys a stock, he has read the quarterly reports for years, has personally met with management, has visited facilities, etc. If you aren't willing to do that kind of analysis for every stock you buy, then I think that you are doing little more than gambling. If you are just using the information that everyone else has, then you'll get the returns that everyone else gets (if you're lucky).
[Monetary Policy Inflexibility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_and_Monetary_Union_of_the_European_Union#Monetary_policy_inflexibility) &gt;Since membership of the eurozone establishes a single monetary policy for the respective states...  without the possibility to print money as an easy way out.  Italy's options are privatization, austerity, and shifting the burden on to the taxpayer.
I would expect so--the block from spending funds probably does not put a block in place for receiving funds.  But ask your bank.   Expect a 50% chance that they give you the wrong answer.  (Some banks are better than others, but on average this is how often I have found bank employees to be incorrect about anything nonstandard). It may help to ask the bank how often it happens and who actually sorts out problems with blocked cards--and then talk to that person.  Then you should only expect a 25% chance that they are wrong.
Not to my knowledge. Often the specific location is diversified out of the fund because each major building company or real estate company attempts to diversify  risk by spreading it over multiple geographical locations. Also, buyers of these smaller portfolios will again diversify by creating a larger fund to sell to the general public. That being said, you can sometimes drill down to the specific assets held by a real estate fund. That takes a lot of work: You can also look for the issuer of the bond that the construction or real estate company issued to find out if it is region specific. Hope that helps.
"You have actually asked several questions, so I think what I'll do is give you an intuition about risk-neutral pricing to get you started.  Then I think the answer to many of your questions will become clear. Physical Probability There is some probability of every event out there actually occurring, including the price of a stock going up.  That's what we call the physical probability.  It's very intuitive, but not directly useful for finding the price of something because price is not the weighted average of future outcomes.   For example, if you have a stock that is highly correlated with the market and has 50% chance of being worth $20 dollars tomorrow and a 50% chance of being worth $10, it's value today is not $15.  It will be worth less, because it's a risky stock and must earn a premium.  When you are dealing with physical probabilities, if you want to compute value you have to take the probability-weighted average of all the prices it could have tomorrow and then add in some kind of compensation for risk, which may be hard to compute. Risk-Neutral Probability Finance theory has shown that instead of computing values this way, we can embed risk-compensation into our probabilities.  That is, we can create a new set up ""probabilities"" by adjusting the probability of good market outcomes downward and increasing the probability of bad market outcomes.  This may sound crazy because these probabilities are no longer physical, but it has the desirable property that we then use this set of probabilities to price of every asset out there: all of them (equity, options, bonds, savings accounts, etc.).  We call these adjusted probabilities that risk-neutral probabilities.  When I say price I mean that you can multiply every outcome by its risk-neutral probability and discount at the risk-free rate to find its correct price.    To be clear, we have changed the probability of the market going up and down, not our probability of a particular stock moving independent of the market.  Because moves that are independent of the market do not affect prices, we don't have to adjust the probabilities of them happening in order to get risk-neutral probabilities. Anyway, the best way to think of risk-neutral probabilities is as a set of bogus probabilities that consistently give the correct price of every asset in the economy without having to add a risk premium. If we just take the risk-neutral probability-weighted average of all outcomes and discount at the risk-free rate, we get the price.  Very handy if you have them. Risk-Neutral Pricing We can't get risk-neutral probabilities from research about how likely a stock is to actually go up or down.  That would be the physical probability.  Instead, we can figure out the risk-neutral probabilities from prices. If a stock has only two possible prices tomorrow, U and D, and the risk-neutral probability of U is q, then Price = [ Uq + D(1-q) ] / e^(rt) The exponential there is just discounting by the risk-free rate.  This is the beginning of the equations you have mentioned.  The main thing to remember is that q is not the physical probability, it's the risk-neutral one.  I can't emphasize that enough.  If you have prespecified what U and D can be, then there is only one unknown in that equation: q. That means you can look at the stock price and solve for the risk neutral probability of the stock going up.   The reason this is useful is that you can same risk-neutral probability to price the associated option.  In the case of the option you don't know its price today (yet) but you do know how much money it will be worth if the stock moves up or down.  Use those values and the risk-neutral probability you computed from the stock to compute the option's price.  That's what's going on here.  To remember: the same risk-neutral probability measure prices everything out there.  That is, if you choose an asset, multiply each possibly outcome by its risk-neutral probability, and discount at the risk-free rate, you get its price.  In general we use prices of things we know to infer things about the risk-neutral probability measure in order to get prices we do not know."
The CFA Curriculum is very comprehensive while Schweser focuses on the main major areas.  It's essentially reading thousand of detailed pages vs hundreds of condensed pages.  If you have 6-9+ months to study and you're trying to save money, go with the CFA materials. If you have less time, I would recommend going for Schweser. Many people I know go with Schweser anyways due to the sheer efficiency.  Edit: I forgot that you mentioned you didn't take a finance related degree. My opinion is to study Schweser and if you get stuck on a topic, read it from the CFA materials. The only drawback is Schweser costs money (but it does save you time).
Stick with stocks, if you are not well versed in forex you will get fleeced or in over your head quickly.  The leverage can be too much for the uninitiated.  That said, do what you want, you can make money in forex, it's just more common for people to not do so well.  In a related story, My friend (let's call him Mike Tyson) can knock people out pretty easy.  In fact it's so easy he says all you have to do is punch people in the face and they'll give you millions of dollars.  Since we are such good friends and he cares so much about my financial well-being, he's gotten me a boxing match with Evander Holyfield, (who I've been reading about for years).  I guess all I have to do is throw the right punches and then I'll have millions to invest in the stock market.  Seems pretty easy, right ?
I think the right question you should ask yourself is: Can i work at home? is it possible? do I have a calm, private place at home to work from? what will be the motivation while working from? If you got answers to these questions, you will find if you can get money from home or not, because any place you can do work from will give you money, just work!
Alright, but why does it take so damn many of them. Unless we really just have that many skeletons in the closet that it takes 6 to keep them contained! I wonder if there is a magic formular for how many HR staff per employees you need.
A hedge fund is such a broad term as to not mean anything in practice. What do you find interesting in finance? Research that, understand that. Then go find the guys who are doing that and ask for a job and take it regardless of how much money it offers. The money is the yardstick, not the goal
"BlackJack's answer is technically correct: government credit ratings are independent of corporate credit ratings.  The rating should reflect the borrower's ability to repay its obligations. One reason the book you read may have stated that corporate credit ratings cannot be better than the government's credit rating is that the government, unlike the corporation, can steal (or in government parlance ""tax"") from anywhere or anyone.  So if a government finds itself in financial difficulty it could simply take the cash from corporations or people with high credit ratings by a variety of methods: implement windfall profit taxes, take over industries, take peoples gold, tax pension savings, or simply take peoples pensions or retirement savings.  This increases the risk of doing business in a country with an over-extended government. Over extended governments do not die gracefully.  They only die when there is nothing left to steal."
This is only one study via a UC Davis agricultural labor economist, but they conclude in their study that a raise to $15/hr for produce pickers would boil down to an additional cost to American shoppers of $20/year.  http://theplate.nationalgeographic.com/2016/03/31/can-we-afford-to-pay-u-s-farmworkers-more/  Whole Foods (obv that Whole Foods operates at margins and a market segment that is not the norm compared to bigger grocery chains like Safeway and Krogers) but they report that the increase in labor costs of affects them nominally and the prices do not go up in the stores.  It will be interesting to see what happens because if the trend continues given the policies/rhetoric of Trump we won't need projections and models to see what happens we can see with our own eyes as farmers raise the price they're willing to pay for labor and see where that number ends up being before they can't go any higher and see how much food goes ungathered.
For each class A share (GOOGL) there's a class C share (GOOG), hence the missing half in your calculation. The almost comes from the slightly higher market price of the class A shares (due to them having voting powers) over class C (which have no voting powers). There's also class B share which is owned by the founders (Larry, Sergei, Eric and perhaps some to Stanford University and others) and differs from class A by the voting power. These are not publicly traded.
&gt;During it's PEAK employment years, GM largely owned and manufactured the vast majority of it's own components.  Not one of the components I listed did GM manufacture in the 1970s.  Sure, if you were to look today, that list would be even greater including things like entire door assemblies, entire instrument clusters, even entire engines, but even in 1970 a huge amount of components were purchased rather than made.  &gt; eventually the dollar will either become so watered down  I'm not sure that this won't happen.  If it does it'll create a much different society as we suddenly can't afford all the crap that we've become accustomed to.  I think it's equally likely that the equities market and the huge profits created in the financial industry and tech industries, along with the dollar being the world's only reserve currency will prop up the dollar and give rise to the bipolar society of which I describe.
I did not vote for Trump but I can admit that he is getting the worse coverage. I have watched some of his press conferences and I have been astonished at how the media portrays and takes snippets to create an entirely different story. Yes, it is communication 101 but it is disturbing.
Cash flow is needed for expansion, either to increase manufacturing capacity or to expand the workforce. Other times companies use it to purchase other companies. Microsoft and Google have both used their cash or stocks to purchase companies. Examples by Google include YouTube, Keyhole (Google Earth), and now part of Motorola to expand into Phones. If you are investing for the future, you don't want a lot of dividends. They do bring tax issues. That is not a big problem if you are investing in an IRA or 401K. It is an issue if the non-tax-defered mutual fund distributes those dividends via the 1099, forcing you to address it on your taxes each year. Some investors do like dividends, but they are looking for their investments to generate cash. Who would require it? Would it be an SEC requirement? Even more government paperwork for companies.
"Well i am rocking 7"" on a warm day if i cheat the measurements just right sooooo blam!! And honestly Wait till snap drops back below/around 13 and buy what you can afford from there worst case you get extra beer money down the road. Also, i bet my balls are bigger FACED!"
No danger. You can get in a car accident, break your leg skateboarding, or otherwise wind up in the hospital like anyone else.  You can also get the money back, with a tax penalty, but you probably will never need to if you are responsible and live within your means. Do you need a wake up call about what things can cost?  I knew a college student who broke his leg skateboarding and didn't buy the ~$100/semester health insurance.   He had to have a rod put in his leg and it was ~$30,000.  Obviously he didn't have the money and the hospital agreed to put him on some kind of payment plan.  I suppose bankruptcy was an alternative.... but either way, not a great way to start out in life.   Any time you can defer payment of tax for decades or buy something with pre-income tax money, it is like instantly earning 20% (or more) on your money.  I believe you can pay for eyeglasses and dental out of an HSA as well.  So I wouldn't go overboard on an HSA or IRA if you have big credit card debts, if you do have room for savings it is dumb not to be putting money in the HSA and IRA/401k. Take a look at HSA bank for a low fee home for your money. They pay interest on over $3,000 (but like most banks, not much).  The fees for being under $3k are currently around $2 a month.  Don't worry about investing the HSA money until you have like $10,000 in there, which will be a while.
Vaccines do not confer a 100% immunity to anything. They simply bolster your immune system, and different ones are effective to different extents. If your immune system has been recently compromised, there are some things that you can catch despite being vaccinated.  Herd immunity is a valid concept. If a large enough portion of the population is vaccinated, there won't be enough infections active at any given time to pose a real risk of catching people who might be unlucky enough to have otherwise contracted it.
The amount of the income taxes you will owe depends upon how much income you have, after valid business expenses, also it will depend upon your filing status as well as the ownership form of your business and what state you live in.  That said, you will need to be sure to make the Federal 1040ES quarterly prepayments of your tax on time or there will be penalties. You also must remember that you will be needing to file a schedule SE with your 1040.  That is for the social security taxes you owe, which is in addition to your income taxes. With an employer/employee situation, the FICA withhoding you have seen on your paycheck are matched by the same payment by your employer.  Now that you are self-employed you are responcible for your share and the employer share as well; in this situation it is known as self-employment tax.  the amount of it will be the same as your share of FICA and half of the employer's share of FICA taxes.  If you are married and your wife also is working self-employed, then she will have to files herown schedule SE along with yours.  meaning that you will pay based on your business income and she will pay baed on hers. your 1040Es quarterly prepayment must cover your income tax and your combined (yours and hers) Self Employment taxes.  Many people will debate on the final results of the results of schedule SE vrs an employee's and an employer's payments combined.  If one were to provides a ball park percentage that would likely apply to you final total addition to your tax libility as a result of needing schedule SE would tend to fluctuate depending upon your total tax situation; many would debate it.  It has been this way since, I first studied and use this schedule decades ago.  For this reason it is best for you to review these PDF documents, Form 1040 Schedule SE Instructions and Form 1040 Schedule SE. As for your state income taxes, it will depend on the laws of the state you are based in.
I especially hate this whole distribute tips and pay the hard workers pretty much nada. Explains so many things about our most recent visits to Olive Garden. No wonder the waiter couldn't hold on to our request for a refill, which we'd never even had to request before, long enough to bring it back to our table until the second request. He was probably worrying how he's going to eat that day, poor thing. Also explains the table nearby sitting waiting to be bussed while people line up outside waiting to eat. I wouldn't hurry either for $2 an hour and a crap share in the tips. I guess we'll just have to buckle down and try harder not to eat out for a while. Except at the two family-run local places that don't hire any outside workers. At least I can hope the family isn't screwing any of their members.
All the comments seem to accept the slap on the wrist and move along. The law obviously exists for a reason. If we are allowing it, then why the law? What makes them exempt?   First few times, get fined. Anything after,  LARGE fines (6+ figures). If you do it again, obviously you don't know how to follow the rules. Lose your license.    Honestly, why condone this and other behavior?
"I hope this image is clear. A spreadsheet is how I look at these things. Unfortunately, you didn't offer the starting balance so I use $100K which makes it easy to scale. You build a simple spreadsheet and enter the ""what if"" scenario, this tells me that worse case, an increase of 1% on the rate each year results in a near 60% increase in payments over the 10 years.  Of course, this isn't the end of the story, I'd first change the payments to reflect the 5% rate, and see how much that drives the balance down. This would reduce the principal enough that the increase would be much less. On $100K, you'd pay $536.82 based on a 5% rate, regardless of the required payment. At 7.75% the payment is $563.11, not even 5% higher.  If you'd like a spreadsheet started for you, I'll put it someplace for you to grab it."
I'm a landlord who tried to do section 8 once and vowed never again.  The inspection and paperwork turned me off...no way I'm gonna do all that when I can just get a market tenant to accept my property as is.  They wanted me to put electrical plugs in all the sockets before the inspection...ridiculous!
I don't disagree that he was using EPO. But that statistic really doesn't indicate he was doping more than anybody else. They only tested people who won stages or were winning points jerseys. Lance won 4 stages and was wearing yellow for 15 stages. So they just had more of his samples.
Congratulations on the new arrival! Technically, a gift by check to the baby should be deposited into a newly established custodial account in the baby's name. To open one, you will need to have a SSN for the baby, so don't wait till tax time to request one (you will need the SSN if you wish to claim the baby as a dependent on your 2017 income tax returns). On the other hand, people are often cavalier about this and at least one bank (JoeTaxpayer's!) seems not to care about the legal niceties; I expect my bank wouldn't have either, in the good old days. Note that @JoeTaxpayer and I are of similar age, and perhaps he too is recounting experiences from some time ago.
Personal finances are not intuitive for everyone, and it can be a challenge to know what to do when you haven't been taught.  Congratulations on recognizing that you need to make a change. The first step that I would recommend is what you've already done: Assemble your bank statements so you can get an accurate picture of what money you currently have.  Keep organized folders so you can find your bank statements when you need them. In addition to the bank statements for your checking and savings accounts, you also need to assess any debt that you have.  Have you taken out any loans that need to be paid back?  Do you have any credit card debt?  Make a list of all your debts, and make sure that you have folders for these statements as well. Hopefully, you don't have any debts.  But if you are like most people, you owe money to someone, and you may even owe more money than you currently have in your bank accounts.  If you have debts, fixing this problem will be one of your goals. No matter what your debt is, you need to make sure that from now on, you don't spend more money than you take in as income.  To do this, you need to make a budget. A budget is a plan for spending your money.  To get started with a budget, make a list of all the income you will receive this month.  Add it up, and write that amount at the top of a page.  Next, you want to make a list of all the expenses you will have this month.  Some of these expenses are more or less fixed: rent, utility bills, etc.  Write those down first.  Some of the expenses you have more control over, such as food and entertainment.  Give yourself some money to spend on each of these.  You may also have some larger expenses that will happen in the future, such as a tuition or insurance payment.  Allocate some money to those, so that by the time that payment comes around, you will have saved enough to pay for those expenses. If you find that you don't have enough income to cover all of your expenses in a month, you need to either reduce your expenses somewhere or increase your income until your budget is at a point where you have money left over at the end of each month. After you've gotten to this point, the next step is figuring out what to do with that extra money left over.  This is where your goals come into play.  If you have debt, I recommend that one of your first goals is to eliminate that debt as fast as possible.  If you have no money saved, you should make one of your goals saving some money as an emergency fund.  See the question Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing for some ideas on what order you should place your goals. Doing the budget and tracking all of your spending on paper is possible, but many people find that using the right software to help you do this is much easier.  I have written before on choosing budgeting software.  All of the budgeting software packages I mentioned in that post are from the U.S., but many of them can successfully be used in Europe.  YNAB, the program I use, even has an unofficial German users community that you might find useful. One of the things that budgeting software will help you with is the process of reconciling your bank statements.  This is where you go through the bank statement each month and compare it to your own record of spending transactions in your budget.  If there are any transactions that appear in the statement that you don't have recorded, you need to figure out why.  Either it is an expense that you forgot to record, or it is a charge that you did not make.  Record it if it is legitimate, or dispute the expense if it is fraudulent. For more information, look around at some of the questions tagged budget.  I also recommend the book The Total Money Makeover by Dave Ramsey, which will provide more help in making a budget and getting out of debt.
If this is OPs outlook on starting something new, I'd say it's failed before it started. You'll never survive the toughness of selling people on new ideas if this is the mindset before the first pilot was tested. You have to lead people through it, you don't just create and walk away with success.   OP - not to be a prick - but you don't have it. You might later at some point or maybe this will motivate you to prove me wrong. But you quit before you even started. This particular idea is DOA
Yes you can transfer the balance in the old EPF to your new account. When joining the new company ask them to give you a form that will help you transfer your old EPF to new one.  Note its not the company's responsibility to get it transferred, generally they try and help out the employees.
"the education bubble is similar to the mortgage bubble...you have people with no stake in the game, making huge financial decisions  the customers aren't the ones paying, so it makes perfect sense for them to charge through the ass for an ""education"".   What needs to happen is that college loans should be suspended for subpar colleges...we as tax payers, shouldn't be on the hook for $100,000 for a worthless degree.(and it does add up to $25K/yr for most of these shitty schools)   Simply create grading tiers. Something like Harvard gets an A, something like Rutgers gets a B, something like a county community college gets a C, and University of Phoenix etc get an F.  Then simply withdraw public loans from any school graded an F. If someone wants to go to a shitty school, make them make the decision where it's their money that's at stake.  When you do that, you'll suddenly notice people skipping the degree mills and just going to small local schools that actually give a degree worth something"
Your current web-site is fairly quickly growing to be certainly one of my top feature. So, I just stumbled on creative weblog and I just need to state that this amazing is a nice blog post. Bless you pertaining to this kind of knowledge.
Assuming that the NRE (NonResident External) account is in good standing, that is, you are still eligible to have an NRE account because your status as a NonResident of India has not changed in the interim, you can transfer money  back from your NRE account to your US accounts without any problems. But be aware that you bear the risk of getting back a much smaller amount than you invested in the NRE account because of devaluation of the Indian Rupee (INR).  NRE accounts are held in INR, and whatever amounts (in INR) that you choose to withdraw will be converted to US$ at the exchange rate then applicable. Depending on whether it is the Indian bank that is doing the conversion and sending money by wire to your US bank, or you are depositing a cheque in INR in your US bank, you may be charged miscellaneous service fees also. To answer a question that you have not asked as yet, there is no US tax on the transfer of the money. The interest paid on your deposits into the NRE account are not taxable income to you in India, but are taxable income to you in the US, and so I hope that you have been declaring this income each year on Schedule B of your income tax return, and also reporting that you have accounts held abroad, as required by US law.  See for example, this question and its answer and also this question and its answer.
it is not a creative career. you don't make anything, you serve your purpose in the economy ofcourse, and it is interesting to be surrounded and in the middle of business like this...but at the end of the day, you sell a service that anyone else can do, and your clients, the businesses, are the actual smart ones. they are the ones that make something and make real decisions. in finance you just trade, or research, or sell your investment banking services...its pretty bs, you leach of what actual creative people are doing. unless you are at a buy side shop, and high up, but then you would be incredibly intelligent and lucky.   that all being said, i have no regrets choosing finance, it is still a great career, and any job gets boring after a bit. i wish i worked in a different area of finance yes, but every area you need to start as someones bitch for a few years, and I'm not sure if I can do that again. More math education always helps in finance
"While a lot of the answers focus on cost to replace and how much money you should have for tangible goods. There are a few more issues to consider.  However before we get started, these issues are not related to ones net worth. They are related to other factors. Having money certainly helps, but someone worth only $10 may not need to insure their stuff under some circumstances. Insurance is a risk avoidance strategy.  As such, it should be used to avoid risks that would otherwise cause issues for you. The normal example is a house. If you lost your house due to fire, would you be able to ""make it"" while you paid the mortgage off, and got a new mortgage to pay for a new house? This is a relatively simple view, but a good one.  These days people tend to look at insurance as a savings account. I payed in X so I am entitled to Y. Heath insurance (a bit more on this later) is exacerbating the issue by selling it's self that way, but it simply isn't true. What your paying the premium for to avoid the risk of loss. Not so you can have a pool of money to draw from in time of need, but so that a time of need should never arise. Which brings us back to, should you get insurance?  Tangible Assets Let's assume you have no legal or contractual obligation to have insurance. If you put the money you were spending aside would you have enough money to secure a new asset should your current one just vanish? This is the normal argument. But it has a second side. Do you need the asset at all, or can you just accept the loss. Lets pick on a red neck for a second. While certainly not millionaires, or ""well off"" by conventional means, the guy with 6 cars on bricks in his lawn does not need to insure 6 cars. If one were to vanish, it may make a hardship but hey, he's got 5 more. So with tangible goods it's more of a question of can you afford to replace the item, do you need to replace the item, and how big a risk is it to you to loose the item? What would you rather loose, the item, or the cost of the insurance? Non-tangible Assets I am going to try to keep this as un-rant like as I can manage, but be aware that I am biased. There are two big examples of non-tangible assets that are commonly insured. Life Insurance, and Health insurance. There are others, but it's very hard to get people to pay money to insure something that they don't actually have. Ideas can be insured, for example, but in order to insure an idea you have to spell it out, at that point why not just file for the patent etc. etc. Keep in mind that a lot of people and companies will insure against losses due to IP theft or other such intangible things. Largely these follow the same rules as tangible assets. This section is meant to focus on those insurances that do not. Life Insurance Life insurance is a bit odd. Were all going to die, so it seems like a ""good bet"" but what your insuring against with life insurance is an early death. For term life insurance it's a gamble. Will you die before your term runs out. For full life insurance (with no term) it's a different gamble. Will you die before you have paid in what they agreed to pay out. In many cases it's also a gamble that you will miss a payment or two and cancel the policy before you die. If the risk of your death worth the insurance. Usually while young the answer is yes. Do you leave your Family short one earner? Will they make it without the insurance? But as you get older, as life insurance becomes more of a sure thing it also becomes less needed. Your kids move out, there not dependent on you any more. You have retirement accounts setup so your partner need not worry should something happen. What risk exactly are your trying to avoid at this point. You will die. You have planned for that eventuality, it's not a risk anymore, it's a fact.  Heath Insurance Is another beast all together. Historically you insured against some catastrophic event, that you couldn't really plan for. Say a heart attack. Surgery and treatment would run in the tens of thousands, so it would ruin you if you didn't have insurance to cover that. That was the risk that you were avoiding. A big, expensive event, causing financial ruin. However, over time it has shifted into something else. The general concept is still there, insure to avoid a risk. But the ""risk"" has been widened to include all manor of things that are not actually risks.  For example a flu. You would go to your doctor, pay your co-pay, and your insurance would pay the rest of the visit. Then you would go to the drug store and get the drugs, pay your co-pay and the insurance pays the rest. But what risk, in this instance are you insuring against? That you can't cover the cost of a doctors visit? That you can't cover the cost of the medication? In this example, a common one, historically the ""mother of the house"" would go you have a flu, have some chicken noodle soup and go to bed. That would be the end of it. Cost of care is a day's lost wages (or maybe a weeks) and a few cans of soup.  However today, because we choose to, the cost of care is much higher. We go to the doctor, pay our co-pays, the insurance has to pay it's part. The doctors office has to carry the cost of the staff it takes to see you, and the staff it takes to handle the claims with the insurance company. And now your flu, cost $1,500. But again that's not exactly true either. With heath insurance and ""normal"" medical care (like sprained ankles, and colds, etc.) the insurance only really covers the cost of having insurance. In that same flu example, if you went to the doctor as a ""self pay"" (no insurance) you would often time get a much lower, and reasonable rate. Frequently, under the cost of your standard co-pay. This seems like the doctors being ""bad"" but it's not. They don't have to file a claim, they don't have to keep track of it. They get immediate payment, not payment 6 months down the line that they need to share with other businesses. With ""critical"" or ""catastrophic"" care, heath insurance is still a good thing. If you have a big, unforeseen event, then heath insurance is great at helping you avoid that risk.  With chronic (long term) care, your back in the same boat as the flu. Often times you can get better, and cheaper, care as a self pay patent, then as a insured patent. That is not always the case however. So you have to measure your own circumstance, and decide if insurance is right for you. But remember insurance is about risk avoidance, and not about paying less. You will ALWAYS pay more for insurance. It's designed that way. Even if the cost is hidden in many ways. (Taxes, spread out over visits, or prescriptions, etc.)"
"I don't have a lot of time to keep going back and forth. It seems like we differ on a bunch of things. But I do want to respect your final question when you ask me what I thought was wrong in that post.  You mention things like the government regulating things like water and air. Those are common goods. These cannot be in the hands of a corporation. Man did not put those things there. So, man cannot take ownership of these things. Bottled water, running water, oxygen tanks, etc, those things are man-made products or services for a market. I can go to a public body of water and swim in it because no one owns it. I can go to the shore in my favorite bathing suit and swim in the beautiful ocean water if I so please without needing to pay or trade with anyone for access to the ocean. But I cannot start pumping water out of the ocean and into a big tank for me to haul away. The government needs to step in and put an end to anyone that does that sort of thing. Same goes for anyone trying to tamper with the water or doing something that is harmful to people or the life living in the water. Government needs to stop all of that. Also, yes the ""municipality then cleans and purifies the water and pumps it to your house in public facilities and treats the resultant sewage"". But are you also claiming that it was the government that created the solution to clean and purify our water supplies? Because they sure didn't.  As for electricity, the way it is delivered and made available to our homes is a commodity. Electricity is natural, but just like how water when bottled becomes a consumer product, the generation and delivery of electricity to our homes is a product and service. If a company delivering electricity to customers in a city is using public infrastructure, then of course they have to share it. That makes sense as the electric company does not own the utility poles, streets, etc. The government should regulate that.  The government handling trade agreements is a job of the government. We need them to do that. I believe in an open, free, and consumer-driven market. I don't want a lot of regulation on this - such as tariffs that Trump has talked about - because history shows that could lead to the costs inflating with quality not following suit. His rants on jobs fleeing offshores followed by his talks of tariffs on foreign imports would be a terrible idea. I want the government to negotiate trade deals as long as it is in the best interest for this country. This is what grows an economy. Imagine if Apple couldn't import iPhones unless they paid a 30% tax since it was assembled in China. That would kill sales of iPhones because Apple would have to pass most - if not all - of that cost on to the consumer. Samsung phones (for argument's sake, let's say these aren't made in China. I don't think they are anyway, but just saying) would begin to take a larger share of the consumer market because prices would be lower since Samsung didn't have to pay a 30% tax.  As for the coffee pot from china starting a fire in my house. No one would by a coffee pot if there was a known fire-starting issue with those coffee pots. The government telling china that coffee pots need to be a certain specification is really irrelevant. The issue would resolve itself because no one would by the coffee pots. Once this became a known problem, stores would take it off the shelves and no longer sell it. We have cars that are recalled left and right. Car seats for infants and toddlers that are recalled every year. So on and so forth. I know the federal government has a recall process, but usually its the manufacturer that will announce the recall first. If there is a bad product out there, it will die out and no longer be made available for purchase. I don't see the the federal government slapping regulations on car manufacturers that mandate ""all tires must not fall off of the car while in motion"". No. Instead, the manufacturer, who is in the business of making money, which they need to sell cars to make money, would create a car where the tires are not likely to ever fall off while a car is in motion (or even when idle).  The last thing I want to touch on is the Obamacare mandate. If I don't want something, why am I being forced to pay for it? Why do you agree with this? I am already paying into social security and I wish I wasn't. I will make my own investments with my income to prepare for retirement. Why should I pay for health insurance if I don't want it. The government should not be making my life choices for me. I have one responsibility on this earth as it pertains to my behavior. That is to respect others inalienable rights such as the right to life, liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness. As long as I do not harm someone in an immoral way (e.g. steal, kill, physical harm, property damage, disclose personally identifiable information, etc), I should be free to live my life without government interference. I am fine with paying into a system for true welfare cases. Some people fall into bad situations that they could not help. Some people are born into a terrible situation. Those people need help. But I don't want to pay for stupid ass things like Chuck Schumer's idiotic idea of Medicare for people over 55. He wants to lower the medicare age by 10 years. This is the insane progressive ideas that literally just worsen societies. [""In 2016, Medicare benefit payments totaled $675 billion, up from $375 billion in 2006.](http://www.kff.org/medicare/issue-brief/the-facts-on-medicare-spending-and-financing/) A $300 billion increase in just 10 years and that schmuck wants to lower eligibility by 10 years. If this were ever signed into law, I am (plus other American workers) going to be forced to pay into this. That means less money for me to save and invest for retire or an emergency. Less for my daughter. Less for my mortgage. Less for me to continue my education. Less on whatever I choose to do with my money that I spend 40 hours/week in an office for. My time is spent doing something asked of me by a corporation. That corporation pays me for my time. It's a mutual agreement resulting in a trade of money for my services. I do it because I want to do things and provide for my family. I don't do it because someone decided to spend 4 years for a degree in graphic design and can't get a job. I also don't do it for people that have a cash only income (both illegal immigrants and legal citizens do this) and don't declare all of their income making them eligible for Obamacare. And, lastly, I do not do it for people that decide to live off of the system and are physically and mentally fit to work in some capacity. I should not be forced to pay a mandate just because I'm here breathing.  Obama - just like all progressives - normalized this ""breathing"" tax. It isn't right. Of course, Obamacare falls apart if there aren't enough healthy people to subsidize the sick people. That's why the mandate was obviously put in place. But just because the mandate is needed to make it work, doesn't make it right to force on people. My mortgage needs to get paid. If all my neighbors chipped in $75/month, I could make it work. Well, is it right to force my neighbors to pay my mortgage? Nope. I made the decision to buy my house. They did not. Not to mention, with socialized health care, services are rationed and that is just sickening. Big Gov: ""Oh, you're 80 years old and you need a knew knee? Well, you did live for 80 years, so we're going to deny that request."" In a system where I pay for my own health care and insurance, I can get a new hip and a new knew if I needed it and it would all be done within a week or 2 most likely. You have 51 week-old Charlie Gard who Britain and the wonderful EU (sarcasm) ordered to die. He did so just last week even though his parents had the money to fly him here and have a doctor perform a potentially life-saving surgery. Yep. When the government owns healthcare, they own your health. That's my other big reason for hating Obamacare. It truly is a bad thing. We have world history that can easily show anyone what it looks like if we keep going down this path.  I am done for now. I am not trying to convince you of anything. That usually doesn't happen as people are set in their ways. If anything, this exchange of messages is for the person(s) out there that want to learn what is right and what is wrong. What liberty is and what it isn't. Taxing people as a way to redistribute wealth is wrong. Imposing mandates so people buy a product/service is just straight up wrong. Our income is a representation of our time spent fulfilling the responsibilities of an agreement that we voluntarily made with an employer. Our money is our time. Our time is our liberty. And if we aren't infringing on the rights of others during our time, then the government needs to stay out.  Catch you later."
Can anyone suggest all type of investments in India which are recession proof? There are no such investments. Quite a few think bullions like Gold tend to go up during recession, which is true to an extent; however there are enough articles that show it is not necessarily true. There are no fool proof investments. The only fool proof way is to mitigate risks. Have a diversified portfolio that has Debt [Fixed Deposits, Bonds] and equity [Stocks], Bullion [Gold], etc. And stay invested for long as the effects tend to cancel out in the long run.
Yes, it depends on the fund it's trying to mirror.  The ETF for the S&P that's best known (in my opinion) is SPY and you see the breakdown of its holdings.  Clearly, it's not an equal weighted index.
I definitely get that it's bigger than him. I probably shouldn't try explaining things anymore...I feel kinda bad that I may have given someone the wrong idea. I based what I heard on the news, which I now see was a bad choice without the whole picture.
"You want to be an analyst? Do you mean.. Equity research analyst? Investment banking analyst? Financial analyst? Etc...  The CFA alone isn't going to help you. I don't know why people on this board are obsessed with it. It's something you do while you are in school or once you get a job and looking to move to VP/MD level, not while you're job searching. Relevant experience &gt; CFA, all day every day  There's always some guy who says ""*BECAUSE* of my CFA candidacy...."", well you're in the minority."
Nope.  Credit Unions are for the customers.  Since the customers own them, the credit union does what is best for the members.  They aren't giving you money, they are loaning it to you for for interest.  Furthermore then judged you like any other bank would. High horse moment: I believe the only reason you have to open an account, is because the banking industry didn't want to compete and got legislation to limit the size and reach of a credit union.   The credit union wants your business, and they want to work for you, but they are required to have these membership requirements because their lobby isn't as powerful as regular banks.
You tagged with S-Corp, so I assume that you have that tax status.  Under that situation, you don't get taxed on distributions regardless of what you call them.  You get taxed on the portion of the net income that is attributable to you through the Schedule K that the S-Corp should distribute to you when the S-Corp files its tax return.  You get taxed on that income whether or not it's distributed. If you also work for the small business, then you need to pay yourself a reasonable wage.  The amount that you distribute can be one factor in determining reasonableness.  That doesn't seem to be what you asked, but it is something to consider.
"Yes, long calls, and that's a good point. Let's see... if I bought one contract at the Bid price above...          $97.13 at expiry of $96.43 option = out of the money =- option price(x100)          = $113 loss.     $97.13 at expiry of $97.00 option = out of the money =- option price(x100)          = $77 loss.     $97.13 at expiry of $97.14 option = in the money by 1-cent=$1/contract profit - option price(x100) = $1-$58          = $57 loss   The higher strike prices have much lower losses if they expire with the  underlying stock at- or near-the-money. So, they carry ""gentler"" downside potential, and are priced much higher to reflect that ""controlled"" risk potential.  That makes sense. Thanks."
Also, is seems the wife that's doing the taxes is very reluctant on giving me access to the statements. As an owner, I do have the legal right to those statements do I not? What power would a majority owner of a bar (40%) hold over the other two minority owners (each with 30%)? According to her, she's broken even on her investment, whereas I've collected not even half of my initial investment. The fact that you feel this is fishy reconfirms my belief that she not being truthful to some degree.
"When I receive a check from a customer whom I previously sent an invoice, I go to the customer report for that customer, click on the link ""Invoice"" for that invoice, then click on the Pay Invoice button (very far right side). I then do a customer report and see that there is no balance (meaning all the invoices have been paid). I don't process invoices using the same method you do.  Instead I go to Business -> Customer -> Process Payment.  From there I can select the applicable customer, and a list of unpaid invoices will come up.  I've never experienced the issue you've described. On a related topic: are you posting your invoices?  From experience that has caused issues for me; when you post the invoice it should show up in your Accounts Receivable (or whichever account you've designated), and after you process the payment the A/R should go down accordingly.  When posting your invoice, you specify which account it gets posted to:  So that account should show a balance once you have posted it:  Then, when a client pays you, your cash will go up, and A/R will go down."
If you’re looking for an affordable landscaping Liverpool service, we at Liverpool Fencing are ready to help you out. We are a team of skilled experts who provide a wide range of landscaping solutions for the right price. Also, we ensure that you receive the value for your money with our excellent services. Visit our website at https://liverpoolfencing.co for more details.
"&gt;&gt; Check the ""maybe""(s): they are all yours!  &gt; Here is where you first used ""maybe""   My one(!) ""maybe"" is with confidence that Trump is trying to reduce drug prices.   Your many ""maybe""(s) are about why Trump is not going to reduce drug prices, despite him saying he would and him trying very hard to fix the mess with the expensive ObamaCare.   Do you understand the difference between me and you here?  &gt;&gt; How ""instability"" will happen because it's tiny bit hotter?  &gt; I gave you a link when I said global warming is a serious risk to the country. It gives possible scenarios.  LOL!!!!!! You just said it! I can't believe it! You just said ""possible scenarios""... for how global warming may(be) cause ""instability"".  **Your ""maybe""(s) together with your ""possibilities"" are to desperately convince yourself (and me) about baseless things you want to believe in.**   &gt;&gt; I asked you, again, and again, and again, and again, to give me one ACTION by Trump that you oppose.  &gt; Here is your first request for an example: ... Here is the second request to which I responded: ... Neither one asked for an ""action"".  Oh c'mon! Are you seriously saying you can't/won't give me actions by Trump you oppose to, because I did not ask for them initially?   Really? Or is it because you have no examples?  &gt;&gt; He's a liar, so you won't believe anything he said, anything he does or anything I say about him.  &gt;No, it only means I won't accept what he says as true.  LOL!!!! I said ""you won't believe anything he said"" and you reply ""No"" and immediately adding ""it only means I won't accept what he says as true.""  You are very funny. That's why I enjoy to debate people like you.  In your attempt to get our of the mud you dug yourself into, you are getting more and more funny.  So, let's cut the crap, as it's simple, just as I said from the beginning: no matter what, even a ""scientific"" person like, facts, logic, proofs, scientific proofs, no matter what, you won't believe Trump.  Probably you don't believe Trump that he against Neo Nazis? Don't disappoint me here! I expect you to say, ""no, I don't believe Trump! He's not against neo Nazis"".  &gt;&gt; Hillary and the DNC are not liars. So you voted for them... etc  &gt; once again, your defense for President Trump is complaining about the Democrats.  Absolutely not! I said again and again that I supported Trump over his stance against immigration, ObamaCare, TPP, NAFTA, insane liberals, anti-patriotic acts by Democrats, etc. Also I support him for his integrity, his fight to make America Great Again, his plans to rebuild the infrastructure, bring jobs again, support veterans, build the defense, against wars, etc.  It's beyond me that even if you do not like Trump's agenda, that YOU VOTED FOR DEMOCRATS despite having 2 additional choices, and despite them being so corrupt, cheaters, killers, scandals, no integrity, no plans, etc.   How could a person like you, who seek truth, vote for democrats?   **The list of ""lies by Trump"" you gave me is mostly not true!!! They are lies about lies!** For example:  &gt; “I wasn't a fan of Iraq. I didn't want to go into Iraq.” (He was for an invasion before he was against it.)  I was for the war in Iraq in the beginning too!!!!! Yes! I was sure, based on what Bush said that Iraq has WMD. Then, as time went on, as no proofs or examples came up, I was against.  **The bottom line: I and Trump were against the war in Iraq BEFORE(!) it started. Hillary was for the war. WORST: Hillary is clearly for war with Russia which is very stupid idea, especially because WE HAVE YET TO SEE a single proof how Russia interfering with the USA elections. Got it?**  Common sense: Trump won the debate against 13 other Republicans in July 2016, and you are trying to convince me that Russia new he would win and colluded with him between July until the elections November to make him win? Would you seriously believe that?"
"A 30-yr mortgage IS a committment. So, you are willing to commit to a place, but not your long-term girlfriend??? Either you don't do this ""cheap"" scheme idea, or you set up as a business arrangement, or you get married. This is quite a laissez-faire statement you make... ""Maybe we will eventually get married, maybe we will eventually break up, who knows."" Anything or anyone that is a ""who knows"" is not what you make a 30-yr committment on. I mean, unless you just want to risk throwing your money away. Now, man up, hire the lawyer to do official paperwork or else get a legal certificate of civil union or marriage or whatever you want to call it. If you try to do your cockamamie scheme ""on the cheap"" now, it will most surely cost you dearly in the future! Mixing money (particulary huge sums of 200,000 $!) when there is no legal obligation like marriage or a business contract, is a fool's errand! Now, grow up and do it the right way if you want to help her - and yourself too."
There many car loans at zero percent interest.   Finance the car at zero percent, then take your money and invest it. If you want to be super safe buy a CD the same length as the car loan. 5 years you will get 2%.  If you still want safety and a better return take up a asset allocation strategy that moves your cash to risky assets when the market is performing well, then to cash, bonds, or cds when the market under-performs. Now you have your car with a zero percent loan and you are making the return on the money instead of the car company.
"This is not a full answer and I have no personal finance experience. But I have a personal story as I did this. As Vicky stated Another point: there are various schemes available to help first time   buyers. By signing up for this, you would exclude yourself from any of   those schemes in the future. I did this for my dad when I was 16 or so. I am in Canada and lost $5,000 first time buyers tax rebate. As long as many other bonuses like using your rsps for your first home. I also am having a fair amount of trouble getting a credit card, because even though I am only a part member of the mortgage they expect you to be able to cover the whole thing. So when the banks look at my income of say $3000 a month they say ""3000 - rent(500) - mortgage(3000)"" You make $-500 a month. I then explain that I do not actually pay the mortage so it is not coming out of my paycheck. They do not care. I am responsible for full payments and they consider it used."
The steel structures make it impervious to many threats which traditionally constructed buildings are quite vulnerable, such as weathering and termites. However, a little bit of care is mandatory to maintain the metal panels of the building that complete the outer structure of the building, which maximizes the lifespan and keep the steel structure in healthy condition.
"Alas, yes many did fall for that trap.  They either bough during the bubble, or attempted to ""catch the falling knife"" as the housing market crashed. (Many people who bought *after* the bubble burst ended up buying houses that were *still* overvalued, and have little or no equity as a result, even if they had saved and put ""good money"" into it as a down-payment.)"
Here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content:   * [Puerto Rico’s utility cancels controversial $300 million contract with Montana firm hired to repair electrical grid](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/79itd5/puerto_ricos_utility_cancels_controversial_300/) on /r/politics with 8466 karma (created at 2017-10-30 04:13:20 by /u/rafaelloaa)  ----   ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot  ^^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index)-[Code](https://github.com/PokestarFan/DuplicateBot)-[Bugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypgmx/bugs_and_problems/)-[Suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypg85/suggestion_for_duplicatesbot/)-[Block](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index#wiki_block_bot_from_tagging_on_your_posts)  ^^Now ^^you ^^can ^^remove ^^the ^^comment ^^by ^^replying ^^delete!
It's a great town, worth a visit for sure. I'm glad you've visited other places in the USA, since NYC is not representative of the nation as a whole, in my opinion, and many foreign visitors to the USA only visit NYC (just as many foreign visitors to France only visit Paris.)
I'll summarize here our discussion in the comments. First thing to remember is that you can only deposit up to $6K/year into the Roth IRA, you cannot seed it with some large amount (unless its a rollover). Second thing to remember is that you can only qualify 10K distribution for the home purchase. With that in mind, it seems that you'll have to have extremly high returns to make use of the maximum tax benefit (15-20% of the 10K). Non-qualified distributions will be taxed at ordinary income rates + 10% penalty, so if you can't qualify the distribution, instead of saving money on taxes, you'll end up paying twice as much as you would have without the IRA. Also, keep in mind that reporting of the distributions and justifying the qualifications might require assistance of a tax preparer, which will also reduce your savings. Bottom line, IMHO, you'll end up with a wash or very insignificant savings (compared to the magnitude of the home purchase costs) at best, which renders the whole thing kindof wastefull.
That is horrible. I would contact your local news stations, local authorities, and demand to talk to the owner of the dealership. Get the story out on social media and do everything you can to put bad publicly on the dealership. Maybe they will see how big of a fuck up they made and make things right. Fuck those guys.
"If you have a business web site, using firstname.lastname@businessdomain.*x* would be the best choice. Using an @gmail address should be a second choice.  If gmail is your only option, though, I would strongly recommend avoiding the aka.username portion. If firstname.lastname@gmail.com isn't available (and, for most people, it no longer is), using something such as FirstinitialLastname.businessname@gmail.com would be a much better option (for example, John Smith with Example Enterprises would be JSmith.ExampleEnterprises@gmail.com).  If you're looking for an email address to use for purposes such as a resume / CV or similar documents, then I would suggest to try to find a variation that includes your first name and last name on gmail. You can use your middle initial, as well, if necessary.  John Curtis Smith could have any combination such as jcsmith, john.c.smith, johnathan.smith, johnathan.c.smith, j.curtis.smith (though that last one will imply that John prefers to be called Curtis), and similar.  Also, and I say this as honest advice from someone who has been in charge of hiring people in the past, if you're concerned about professionalism, you'll want to ensure your grammar and spelling are impeccable. A quick glance at your posting history makes me think you're a Brit, or are currently living in England, so working on your English skills will be important. People will find it difficult to take someone seriously, otherwise, and a poor first impression via text or email can easily cost you whatever it is you're trying to establish, *especially* if you aren't the only person attempting to establish yourself for that position.  You have several errors in your post (""I just a question,"" ""approriate,"" ""buisness,"" and a lack of sentence structure and punctuation in general).  It may seem silly to concern yourself with typing properly in a post on Reddit, but think of it as practice in a medium (text and typing) where repetition is key. If you're used to typing poorly, it'll take a lot more effort to type well when it counts, and you're more likely to miss an error that could cost you a job or client.  Good luck to you!  ^^^In ^^^before ^^^mentioning ^^^spelling ^^^/ ^^^grammar ^^^and ^^^missing ^^^something ^^^in ^^^my ^^^own ^^^text."
"In 1517, if I was a free person (i.e. was member of royalty), and no religious fanatics and insane anti-any-change fanatics around, I would invent products and services that did not exist.  So, what I said had a lot of ""IF""s in it, so, the truth is that most likely, if I was not rich in 1517, I was an uneducated ignorant destitute slave/servant with almost zero chances to become rich.  **Change the question to 200 years ago, and you will get better and very interesting answers.**"
According to the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing, if you have clearly more than one-half of the current bill remaining, you should be able to take it to your bank and exchange it. But if for some reason your bank will not take it, you can submit it to Bureau of Engraving and Printing Office of Currency Standards. Question asked on http://www.moneyfactory.gov/faqlibrary.html I have some currency that was damaged. My bank will not exchange it for undamaged currency. What can I do? The Bureau of Engraving and   Printing's Office of Currency Standards processes all requests for   reimbursement for damaged United States currency. They decide the   redemption value of torn or otherwise unfit currency by measuring the   portions of the notes submitted. Generally, they reimburse the full   face value if clearly more than one-half of the original note remains.   Currency fragments measuring less than one-half are not redeemable. Go   to the Damaged Money section of our website for additional information   and the procedures to redeem mutilated currency. However take notice of this: Any badly soiled, dirty, defaced, disintegrated, limp, torn, worn, out   currency note that is CLEARLY MORE than one-half of the original note,   and does not require special examination to determine its value. These   notes should be exchanged through your local bank.
"Yes there are huge number of parts in the chain. Entire careers can be made out of handling clearing and settlement (back office) work for banks, exchanges, and trading houses. Even more so in the old days when this had to be done by hand, but obviously now everything is electronic. I can provide some insight into your questions, at least on the trading side.  Brokers in many cases have their own brokers or their own trading operations. They will have their own order entry and risk control systems, so that is all proprietary, but it usually doesn't involve more than send buy/sell Y shares of name X to venue Z at price P with extra instructions A,B,C,D,E. Eventually an order will make its way to a direct market participant who sends an electronic order directly to an exchange.  Note that when you say market, you should be referring to such ""exchanges"". In the US these are the NYSE, NASDAQ, and so on. When you are talking about futures there is the CME, CBOT, and so on. In Europe there is the EUREX and so on. The ""market"" refers to all these exchanges together which all have their own order mechanisms and matching engines. In many cases exchanges will route orders to other exchanges depending on the specific country's trading rules. Exchanges compete with each other by fee and liquidity offerings, which are shouldered directly by market participants.  Another detail is that each market participant has its own clearing firm, which has prior credit lines established with the market participant and a central clearing house. Like you said as soon as an order is matched, the exchange where the order takes place hands the trade over to the clearing house where the trade is then settled between the clearing firms representing either side of the trade. Clearing disputes happen at this step."
We are offering men’s linen clothing from most stylish to that sophisticated look which no can ignore for a long time. The best thing about our collection is that it available at very reasonable prices &amp; in many color options to choose from. We also arranged some limited edition for these summers that will kill summers like never before.
"The article keeps quoting ""this study"" without linking it, but actively links to other studies which it labels ""left-leaning"" that argue different results.   I could just be blind though if anyone can spot it for me."
I'd suggest buying a used car for cash, car loans are a bad idea. I bought my last car a few years ago for $8k off of craigslist, and it is still running great. Make sure you get a car checked out by a mechanic before buying (usually they'll drop it off at a mechanic you want to have take a look, or perhaps just go with you). My general rule is to not take out loans for anything which decreases in value. So a home mortgage would be fine, a car loan is not a great plan. Buy cash, and save for the next purchase. If you buy a decent used Corolla (or other small import car), you can get it for $8k, it will likely last a few years at least. That could end up costing you less than $200 per month total, or less. Much better deal in the long run.
"As the other answers stated: Yes PayPal will transfer money from your bankaccount automatically if your PayPal balance isn't sufficient. Let's add some proof to the story: (Note, I am in the EU, specifically the Netherlands, situation might be different in other parts of the world) If I login to PayPal and go to my wallet, I have a section that looks like this:  If I click on it, I am presented with a screen with details about the connection.  Note the ""Direct debit instruction"". If I click on the ""view"" link I am presented with the following text (emphasis mine): [snip some arbitrary personal details] This authorisation allows (A) PayPal to send instructions to your bank account and (B) your bank to debit your account in accordance with the instructions from PayPal. As part of your rights, you are entitled to a refund from your bank under the Terms and Conditions of your agreement with your bank. A refund must be claimed within 8 weeks starting from the date on which your account was debited. Your rights are explained in a statement that you can obtain from your bank. Below this text is a button to delete the authorization."
How is this different from Ford offering a performance tune on a V8 though? It's the same thing, just a software upgrade allows you to access more power. The alternative to not having that model is not having access to a car that cheap. Plenty of companies do this all the time, I don't understand how this angers you besides the fact that it's Tesla doing it.
"The decision whether this test is or is not met seems to be highly dependent on the specific situation of the employer and the employee.  I think that you won't find a lot of general references meeting your needs. There is such a thing as a ""private ruling letter,"" where individuals provide specific information about their situation and request the IRS to rule in advance on how the situation falls with respect to the tax law.  I don't know a lot about that process or what you need to do to qualify to get a private ruling.  I do know that anonymized versions of at least some of the rulings are published.  You might look for such rulings that are close to your situation. I did a quick search and found two that are somewhat related: As regards your situation, my (non-expert) understanding is that you will not pass in this case unless either (a) the employer specifies that you must live on the West Coast or you'll be fired, (b) the employer would refuse to provide space for you if you moved to Boston (or another company location), or (c) you can show that you could not possibly do your job out of Boston.  For (c), that might mean, for example, you need to make visits to client locations in SF on short-notice to meet business requirements.  If you are only physically needed in SF occasionally and with ""reasonable"" notice, I don't think you could make it under (c), although if the employer doesn't want to pay travel costs, then you might still make it under (a) in this case."
&gt; Verify the signature against what?  How old are you I wonder? I am guessing that you're so young you don't know how it used to be done.  Every credit card has a space on the back for a signature. And for decades, retailers would check the signature on your ID if the signature on your card is not valid (blank, or says 'SEE I.D.').  This worked for a long time, until retailers started hiring incompetent children who were too lazy to do their jobs properly. I once worked for a retailer who would fire you if they caught you not verifying signatures.
&gt; My point of view is that monopolies happen because politics (whether that's politicians, trade boards, or oversight committies) allows them to occur.  Google's monopoly came about completely organically. So, if you're arguing the government creates monopolies, you're wrong. If you're arguing the government should be trust-busting in general, then continue
"To add to MrChrister's answer:  Canada also has a Consumer Price Index (CPI) used to measure inflation that is distinct and separate from that maintained by the United States. There are differences in inflation between the U.S. and Canada because our currencies are different, and there may be different items in the ""basket"" of goods that constitutes the index. You can find current information on the Canadian CPI at Statistics Canada, here: Latest release from the Consumer Price Index. Also, the Bank of Canada – our central bank – maintains a free online Inflation Calculator.  The BoC's inflation calculator is handy because you can enter a dollar amount for a past date and it will figure out what that would be in today's dollars.  For instance, $100 in 1970 dollars had the same purchasing power (under the CPI) as $561.76 in 2009 dollars! And you're right – if you get a salary increase that is less than the rate of inflation, then in theory you have lost purchasing power.  So, anybody really looking for a raise ought to make an effort to get more than the increase in CPI.  Of course, some employers are counting on you not knowing that, because any increase that's less than CPI is effectively a salary decrease; which could mean more profit for them, if they are able to increase their prices / revenues at inflation or better. Finally, consider that salary & wage increases also contribute to inflation!  Perhaps you've heard of the wage/price inflation spiral.  If you haven't, there's more on that here and here."
You can't say I'm wrong and then go on to explain why exactly what I said is correct.  :)  You (and I) are in complete agreement that there's no LTCG on either Roth *or* Traditional 401ks, because you pay both as straight income - The former up front, the latter when you withdraw it.  My point was that, for virtually everyone, their regular income tax rate is **higher** than their LTCG rate.
"Why is that? It doesn't hurt anyone else nor diminish a finite supply for ""real"" patients. I think it's ridiculous that something so innocuous is illegal in so many places.  People getting medical cards without a serious illness are shifting their business to a regulated market where they're paying taxes instead of supporting a black market, where's the harm?  Genuinely curious as I've never met anyone whose held your opinion."
"Huh.  I don't like the idea of being ""starved"" into compliance either, but the fact is we're in a global economy.  Either this opinion will have to change, or we're ""going to get hurt real bad"".  I guess we can always switch back to extreme nationalism and xenophobia, and close off foreign trade.  Though I think that would technically work (by forcing the US to become independent of foreign manufactures) I don't think it will happen anytime soon."
"You're right to be a bit ""afraid"" (for lack of a better term).  It's a guarantee that some crooked people will try to screw you, and running a business in virtually any industry is getting more and more competitive everyday.  But, if you're savvy enough to call people out on their B.S. and willing to compete, you can succeed with a solid business model.      The two main reasons people don't try and start a small business of their own all the time are 1) because they're too lazy or don't have the drive and 2) don't have the start up capital.  Believe me, I've met some fellow successful business owners that couldn't pass a freshman undergrad level business law course.    Don't get me wrong, there is always risk involved with a new venture.  But, if you're committed to learning how to streamline your service and operations, then market it effectively, you'd probably be okay.  The legal side of things will really play an extremely (likely negligible) small part in your day-to-day life once you've gotten them ironed out initially."
I like option 3.  Your passion lies elsewhere, and your company deserves a strong, dedicated leader.  You should not have to look far to find someone with the energy and drive to carry on, so you can get on to your dream to help others!
"Typically in on campus recruiting, at, as you said, a limited number of schools. It seemed safe to assume this wasn't OP's situation. ""Breaking in to banking"" is effectively impossible for a random profile post-graduation from a non-target.   As it turns out, the job OP is talking about isn't in this area so it's irrelevant."
Pension in this instance seems to mean pension income (as opposed to pension pot). This money would be determined by whatever assets are being invested in. It may be fixed, it may be variable. Completely dependant on the underlying investments. An annuity is a product. In simple terms, you hnd over a lump sum of cash and receive an agreed annual income until you die. The underlying investment required to reach that income level is not your concern, it's the provider's worry. So there is a hige mount of security to the retiree in having an annuity. The downside of annuities is that the level of income may be too low for your liking. For instance, £400/£10,000 would mean £400 for every £10,000 given to the provider. That's 4% and would take 25 years to break even (ignoring inflation, opportunity cost of investing yourself). Therefore, the gamble is whether you 'outlive' the deal. You could hand over £50,000 to a provider and drop dead a year later. Your £50k got you, say, £2k and then you popped your clogs. Provider wins. Or you could like 40 years after retiring and then you end up costing the provider £80k. You win. Best way to think of an annuity is a route to guaranteed, agreed income. To secure that guarantee, there's a price to pay - and that is, a lower income rate than you might like. Hope that was the kind of reply you were hoping for. If not, edit your OP and ask again. Chris. PS. The explanation on the link you provided is pretty dire. Very confusing use of the term 'pension' and even if that were better, the explanation is still bad due to vagueness. THis is much better: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-26186361
First pay yourself. When you get salary, send some parts of that (for example 10%) to your saving account.  Step by step you'll save nice money ;)
thank you for your reply. I agree that many of the 'smart drugs' that are out there are dangerous and well overused. But i feel nootropics, like lion's mane, l-theanine, and huperzine A are all pretty safe and able to help with some of the problems we face in modern work life.
There actually are legitimate reasons, but they don't apply to most people.  Here are a few that I know of: You're self-employed and have to pay quarterly estimated taxes.  Rather than wait for the refund when you already have to pay 1/4 of next year's taxes at the same time, you just have the IRS apply to refund forward.  (so you're not out the money you owe while waiting for your refund). You're filing an amended or late return, and so you're already into the next year, and have a similar situation as #1, where your next year's taxes have already come due. You're planning on declaring bankruptcy, and you're under the Tenth Circuit, those credits might be safe from creditors For almost any other situation, you're better off taking the money, and using it to pay down debt, or put it somewhere to make interest (although, at the current rates, that might not be very much).
Twitter is planning to go public on NYSE. You'll be able to start trading once the stock is listed for trading, which would be the day of the IPO.  Note that since you're trading on the secondary market, you won't be able to buy at the IPO prices, whatever the time is. You're buying from someone who bought at IPO price.
I'm worried that it's, as so many observers or commentators seem to be doing with these crises, pre-empting events. I do wish news reporters would stick to reporting the news, rather than panicking people by putting forward their view that something is going to happen, such as Greece exiting the euro and adopting a new currency.  As with these things, expectations are key, and this is by no means helping.
Often buyouts are paid for by the buyer issuing a load of new shares and giving those to the seller to pay them. Sometimes it could be all shares, sometimes all cash, or any mix in-between. If you believe in the future of the buyers' business model, you'll often get a load of shares at a discounted rate this way. If you do not believe in the buyers' future then you're getting shares that you think may be worth little or nothing some day, so cash would be better.
"This model would work fine under a couple of assumptions: that market interest rates never change, and that the borrower will surely make all the payments as agreed.  But neither of those assumptions are realistic. Suppose Alice loans $1,000,000 to Bob at 4% under the terms you describe.  Bob chooses to make interest-only payments of $40,000 per year. Some time later, prevailing interest rates go up to 10%.  Now Alice would really like Bob to repay the entire principal as quickly as possible, because that money could be earning her $100,000 per year instead of only $40,000, but under the contract she has no way to force Bob to do so.  And Bob has no incentive to repay any of the principal, because he can earn more interest on it than he has to pay to Alice.  So Alice is not going to be very happy about this. You might say, but at least Alice is only losing ""potential"" money; she's still turning a profit of $10,000 per year, since her bank only charges her 3% interest.  Ah, but you're assuming that Alice can get a bank loan with a rate of 3% fixed forever.  The bank doesn't want to make such a loan either, for exactly the same reasons. So in practice, any loan like this would be expected to have a variable interest rate. There's a flip side, too.  Suppose instead that market rates drop to 1%.  Now Alice would like Bob to repay the principal as slowly as possible, because she's earning 4% on that money, which is better than any other options available to her.  But Bob now has every incentive to repay it as fast as he can - or even to refinance by taking out another loan at, say, 2%, and using the proceeds to repay the entire principal to Alice.  (This risk still applies with most traditional loans, since the borrower usually always has the right to pay early, but some loans include a ""prepayment penalty"" in such cases to help compensate the lender.) Thus, when Bob has all the power to decide when to pay, Alice is sure to lose no matter which way interest rates move.  A loan with a fixed term helps insulate Alice against this risk.  She may be able to make a guess about the likelihood of interest rates going up to 10% in the next 15 or 30 years, and increase Bob's fixed rate to account for this; that's much easier than trying to account for the possibility of interest rates going up to 10% ever.  (And if she does have to try to account for this, she's probably going to have to set the interest rate extremely high; so Bob might accept a fixed term of repayment in exchange for a more reasonable rate.) Even if we suppose that Alice has done the best possible credit check and that Bob is a perfectly trustworthy fellow who would never dream of defaulting on his loan, catastrophes do happen.  Maybe Bob is robbed of all his money by an evil accountant, or has a mid-life crisis and spends it all on opera tickets.  Whatever, Bob is now bankrupt and Alice is never going to get her principal back, nor any further interest payments either.  Even if the loan is secured by some collateral, there's still a risk since the collateral might lose value.  Alice has some chance of estimating the risk of this happening in the next 15 or 30 years, and can set the interest rate to compensate for it.  But it is harder for her to estimate the risk of this happening ever, and if she tries, she'll have to set the rate so high that Bob might prefer a fixed term and a lower rate. (There's a side issue as to what happens if Bob dies with the loan still outstanding.  If it's an unsecured loan, typically Alice can try to collect the principal from Bob's estate, but if there isn't enough, too bad for Alice; she can't force Bob's heirs to continue making payments.  If it's a secured loan, Alice may be able to have Bob's heirs continue paying or else she seizes the collateral; but she still has the risk of the collateral losing value.)"
"I was a Primerica representative, left to be on my own, and then returned. Insurance is one matter that depends on the individual. Some do not need it.  For example, when I was an independent agent with an independent marketing organization (IMO) (oh yes! multi-level is everywhere, dont kid yourself) I had an upline as well. We were pushed to sell final expense [burial insurance].  As an ethical agent, I believe this is a bad business practice.  Primerica does not sell unneeded insurance to old people. How can you justify selling the elderly, insurance to cover them for $10,000, at almost 100 to 150 a month? I told my elderly potential clients, after seeing they live on a tight budget,  that they were better off purchasing a cremation policy or funeral package than burial insurances as it would save them money in the long run. Primerica is right in saying they are the only ones out there catering to the Working Class and Middle-America. Where else can you start an Individual Retirement Account (IRA) with $25 a month?  Nowhere! All the other insurance producers want more money. They don't want to spend their time with what they call ""losers"".  I love showing Poor people how the Rich get richer.  Poor people should know the truth."
"One way to look at insurance is that it replaces an unpredictable expenses with a predictable fees. That is, you pay a set monthly amount (""premium"") instead of the sudden costs associated with a collision or other covered event. Insurance works as a business, which means they intend to make a substantial profit for providing that service. They put a lot of effort in to measuring probabilities, and carefully set the premiums to get make a steady profit*. The odds are in their favor. You have to ask yourself: if X happened tomorrow, how would I feel about the financial impact? Also, how much will it cost me to buy insurance to cover X? If you have a lot of savings, plenty of available credit, a bright financial future, and you take the bus to work anyway, then totaling your car may not be a big deal, money wise. Skip the insurance. If you have no savings, plenty of debt, little prospects for that improving, and you depend on your car to get to work just so you can pay what you already owe, then totaling your car would probably be a big problem for you. Stick with insurance. There is a middle ground. You can adjust your deductible. Raise it as high as you can comfortably handle. You cover the small stuff out of pocket, and save the insurance for the big ticket items. *Insurance companies also invest the money they take as premiums, until they pay out a claim. That's not relevant to this discussion, though."
People love the thrill regarding running after; you might have to entice these folks towards you. Pestering, pestering as well as on an emotional level blackmailing can never learn how to get your ex boyfriend back in your life; 'playing hard to get' will certainly.
"It seems that counting your father as your dependent shouldn't, in itself, cause him to be ineligible for SNAP. Eligibility requirements for SNAP can be found on this FNS page. There are upper limits on the ""countable resources, such as a bank account"" that the beneficiary's household may have, and on that household's income. (There are some other requirements, too.) From what I can tell from your question, your father shouldn't be part of your household for SNAP purposes, because: Everyone who lives together and purchases and prepares meals together is grouped together as one household. If you're transferring him money, I assume he's living and eating somewhere else, so it seems you are not part of his household. According to the IRS's Publication 501, your father is not required to be part of your household for IRS purposes to be your dependent. The test to qualify is that a non-child dependent must either: Live with you all year as a member of your household, or Be related to you in one of the ways listed under Relatives who do not have to live with you. However, by the ""Special rule for parent"", you may be able to use your father as your qualifying person (dependent) to be able to file as ""head of household"", so long as you pay more than half their support, and ""more than half the cost of keeping up a home that was the main home for the entire year for your father"". I don't know if in this case the IRS would consider your father ""part of your household"" or not. Even if the IRS considered your father part of your household based on the way you filed your taxes, I think it's possible, as the IRS and FNS are two different entities, that the definition of your father's household for SNAP purposes could be different from the IRS's."
&gt;Why would any customer (we aren't customers, credit providers are), use Equifax moving forwards  This incident doesn't seem to have had any impact on Equifax' ability to provide the service for which credit providers pay. I could have missed it, but I also haven't read/heard anywhere that customer (i.e., credit providers) data was compromised or that there's any push to limit Equifax' ability to gather data needed to provide their service.
With a match, the 401(k) becomes the priority, up to that match, often ahead of other high interest debt.  Without the match, the analysis is more about the cost within the 401(k). The 401(k) is a tax deferred account (let's not go on a tangent to Roth 401(k)) so ideally, you'd be skimming off money at 25% and saving it till you retire, so some of it is taxed at 0, 10, 15%. If the fees in the 401(k) are say 1.5% between the underlying funds and management fee, it doesn't take long to wipe out the potential 10 or 15% you are trying to gain.  Yes, there's a risk that cap gain rates go away, but with today's tax law, the long term rate is 15%. So that money put into a long term low cost ETF will have reinvested dividends taxed at 15% and upon sale, a 15% rate on the gains. There are great index ETFs with sub - .1% annual cost.  My simple answer is - If the total cost in that 401(k) is .5% or higher, I'd pass. Save the money in an outside account, using IRAs as best you can.  (The exact situation needs to be looked at very carefully. In personal finance, there's a lot of 'grey'. For example, a frequent job changer can view the 401(k) as a way of saving pretax, knowing the fee will only last 2 years, and will end with a transfer to the IRA)
So I am trying to puzzle out this claim about tax cuts paying for themselves through growth.  This means that for every $1 in revenue they forsake in cuts, they expect to get $1 back in revenue elsewhere (like other taxes). So with a high tax burden on something, say 25%, that $1 cut in revenue would need to generate $4 in additional value to pay for itself.  I can't think of *anything* where the federal tax burden is actually 25% of the total value. This looks like a pretty clear case of diminishing returns, because the *lower* the tax burden the *higher* the growth needs to be in order to get the money back. If we look at something on the order of sales tax, say 5%, that $1 cut needs to generate $20 in growth.  If we flip this around and look at it as an investment, these are the kinds of returns that are reserved for miraculous right-time right-place bets. They are not the kind of returns you can expect to get from groceries and mortgages.  Can somebody sanity check me on this?
LOST SG is a high-tech, top-rated 60 minutes escape room where players have to put together thought-provoking clues, solve seemingly abstract puzzles and race against time to escape from a locked room. Pay attention to every little detail in the rooms, because even the slightest object could be the key to your escape. Using the latest technology, LOST SG brings your advanced gameplay with the next generation immersion and realism. Spanning over 2500 sqft with 5 different rooms that can accommodate up to 12 players each, our outlet at Peace Centre can take up to 56 players at any one time.
There is some convergence, but the chart seems to indicate that 5 star funds end up on the upper end of average (3 stars) whereas 1 star funds end up on the lower end of average (1.9 stars) over the long term. I would have thought that the stars would be completely useless as forward looking indicators, but they seem to have been slightly useful?
My best advice is to avoid shopping as much as possible.  Minimize the amount of time you are in situations where you will be tempted to purchase random things (i.e. the checkout line! they put that crap there for a reason!). Don't go to the mall. Make your trips to the grocery store as fast as possible. Put your head down and run past it all to grab the thing you need and get out of there.
the financial information is generally filed via SEDAR (Canada) or SEC (US) before the conference call with the investment community.  This can take before either before the market opens or after the market closes.  The information is generally distribute to the various newswire service and company website at the same time the filing is made with SEDAR/SEC.
"Back in the day, I frequented the [now defunct](http://fuckedcompany.com/) 'Fucked Company' blog.  There were all kinds of horror stories posted on that site.  Leaked company internal e-mails, lavish money wasting parties and even tales of employees arriving to their office only to find they can't even get in the building because the leadership simply locked the doors and walked away.  (Ex)Employees took matters into their own hands and smashed the windows claiming ""we needed to collect personal items from our cubes"" but it quickly devolved into stealing computers, laptops, monitors, phones, etc. or anything that wasn't chained down.  It was a crazy time."
I don't see any Chicago comments, which seems weird as it has access to both Atlantic Ocean/east coast shipping via St lawrence seaway and the Gulf/south via the Mississippi. One of the largest airports in the world in O'hare (not to mention Midway). It's the economic hub of the midwest, Google already has a large operation here along with many other tech/industrial companies.
The old school way would have been to identify some wealthy zip codes and cold call like a mofo.  At present I would prefer to find some retiring advisor and buy his book (that may mean leaving your current firm).
To answer the last question first: there are no tax consequences to you. If your family member is married (or has a joint owner of the funds), and so are you, each of them can give each of you the $14K annual gift, which would be $56K. The remainder of the $70K would be subject to either (1) Gift Tax for the tax year in which it was given, or (2) applied to the lifetime exclusion. Either way would require filing a form with the IRS.
Why would it get better? The point of an IPO for companies like Snap is to provide liquidity to private equity and founders because they couldn't sell the company to somebody else.  They'd prefer you own the stock rather than them.
Technical Analysis in general is something to be cognizant of, I don't use a majority of studies and consider them a waste of time.  I also use quantitative analysis more so than technical analysis, and prefer the insight it gives into the market. The markets are more about predicting other people's behavior, psychology. So if you are trading an equity that you know retail traders love, retail traders use technical analysis and you can use their fabled channel reversals and support levels against them, as examples. Technical analysis is an extremely broad subject. So I suggest getting familiar, but if your historical pricing charts are covered in various studies, I would say you are doing it wrong. A more objective criticism of technical analysis is that many of the studies were created in the 1980s or earlier. Edges in the market do not typically last more than a few weeks. On the other side of that realization, some technical analysis works if everyone also thinks it will work, if everyone's charts say buy when the stock reaches the $90 price level and everyone does, the then stock will go higher. But the market makers and the actions of the futures markets and the actions of options traders, can undermine the collective decisions of retail traders using technical analysis.
"Try to appear interesting to the guy.  Don't try and discuss finance, your views on current finance events, or anything of that nature.  Listen a lot to what s/he has to say and - when you hear something that you know a lot about - talk about that, in your most articulate and interesting tone.  The reason I say ""don't talk about finance"" is that - given your level of education and work experience - there's likely nothing you know that s/he doesn't, and it's even more likely that you're going to talk about something that you don't truly understand on a functional level.  What's likely to happen in this case is that you're probably going to be forgotten as just another person who talks about entry-level finance.  To reiterate: Just make sure you come off as interesting (""memorable""), and relaxed/easy going.  It might help if you network over a drink or two..."
There isn't really a correct answer. The 1 year beta will capture any recent changes in the firm's business, but it is estimated less accurately due to fewer data points. But a beta of 0.22 for a distressed firm is very suspicious, since we would expect the stock to be more risky, not less.
it is legal. In fact part of the service is provided by Google that displays the notifications. It's only available on Android which is approx 85% of the market share. It's not targeted advertising using an email address, telephone number, etc. The users smartphone scans for the signal. The user can dismiss a notification and turn the feature off and they opt in to the service during install/update of their OS
"Sounds like a different ""right-sizing"" project. The one I mentioned was when they took CEs (now called SSRs = computer hardware techs) from the FE division (think it had another name by then) who used to work on AS400s, cash registers and other equipment and shuffled them off into a poorer paying job doing primarily cash registers (I think - it has been a lot years since I thought about that). It would have been in the late 1990s because I left in 2000 and it was a year or three before I left. One co-worker actually died in training - probably from the stress. His heart burst while he was away from home. Most of us went to his funeral so I guess they flew him back to Texas.   They also announced they were taking away some of the AS400 guy's work and handing it to VARs so I asked in the announcement meeting if we could become VARs. Management was not too happy with my question. It didn't really affect me because I managed accounts with all four types of mainframe accounts (air-cooled, water-cooled, refrigerated and RISC) and only backed up the AS400 guys."
&gt; At what price is the slow customer sending the order? Or are they sending a market order?  So if the high frequency fund sees someone wants to meet the ask at 1.01 they'll push that person back in favor of executing their trade first. They'll then raise the price to 1.02 (that's high though) and make the other person pay that. This happens literally in microseconds.
You won't be taxed for putting it in a savings account (except on any interest that is subsequently paid). If the money is from a taxable source, then you're liable to pay tax on its receipt whether you then put it in a savings account, stuff it under your mattress or burn it. If you're planning on the basis that you might (by not putting it in a bank) be able conceal its existence from the tax authorities so that you don't have to pay the tax that's due then you're asking for advice on breaking the law, which is out of scope for this forum.
&gt;Is it illegal to support the president of the United States? You act like people aren't allowed to have differing opinions from you.  A whole heap of people who think we should let bygones be bygones and unite behind our Orange Overlord seem to be the same people who wouldn't be caught dead supporting the president during Obama's terms. Basically every GOP member of Congress and their entire voting base. So where was the call for unity and civility from 2008-2016.
Let's not forget, the context is here is money.  Whatever the reason someone might have for being an employee instead of an employer, the fact remains that they don't owe anyone anything for their job: they are earning that paycheck, or they'd have been fired.  This idea that their paychecks are in any degree largess from the company is hooey.
"Modern airlines are one of the most amazing technological achievements in human history. Think about it-- you can travel across the country or even across the world, in a matter of hours, more safely than driving across town, for less money than any time in history. It's not a great experience but it sure beats a wagon train, a 3 masted ship, or walking. But the airlines can't figure out how to make money doing it.  Whenever ""fees"" and other non-core revenue starts accounting for your profit, your business is in trouble. Think of the GM's financing arm, that made more money for GM than making cars. Or Blockbuster with late fees. (Btw, I have no problem in principle with baggage fees-- transporting stuff seems to be part of the core business of an airline. Encouraging everyone to stuff the cabin full of carry-ons is another matter.)"
I don't like keeping my tax information online.  Personally, I buy TaxCut from Amazon for $25-30. I store my info securely on resources under my control. Call me a luddite or a weirdo, but I also file using paper, because I don't see the advantage of paying for the privilege of saving the government time and money.
"In essence the problem that the OP identified is not that the FX market itself has poor liquidity but that retail FX brokerage sometimes have poor counterparty risk management. The problem is the actual business model that many FX brokerages have. Most FX brokerages are themselves customers of much larger money center banks that are very well capitalized and provide ample liquidity. By liquidity I mean  the ability to put on a position of relatively decent size (long EURUSD say) at any particular time with a small price impact relative to where it is trading. For spot FX, intraday bid/ask spreads are extremely small, on the order of fractions of pips for majors (EUR/USD/GBP/JPY/CHF). Even in extremely volatile situations it rarely becomes much larger than a few pips for positions of 1 to 10 Million USD equivalent notional value in the institutional market. Given that retail traders rarely trade that large a position, the FX spot market is essentially very liquid in that respect. The problem is that there are retail brokerages whose business model is to encourage excessive trading in the hopes of capturing that spread, but not guaranteeing that it has enough capital to always meet all client obligations. What does get retail traders in trouble is that most are unaware that they are not actually trading on an exchange like with stocks. Every bid and ask they see on the screen the moment they execute a trade is done against that FX brokerage, and not some other trader in a transparent central limit order book. This has some deep implications. One is the nifty attribute that you rarely pay ""commission"" to do FX trades unlike in stock trading. Why? Because they build that cost into the quotes they give you. In sleepy markets, buyers and sellers cancel out, they just ""capture"" that spread which is the desired outcome when that business model functions well.  There are two situations where the brokerage's might lose money and capital becomes very important. In extremely volatile markets, every one of their clients may want to sell for some reason, this forces the FX brokers to accumulate a large position in the opposite side that they have to offload. They will trade in the institutional market with other brokerages to net out their positions so that they are as close to flat as possible. In the process, since bid/ask spreads in the institutional market is tighter than within their own brokerage by design, they should still make money while not taking much risk. However, if they are not fast enough, or if they do not have enough capital, the brokerage's position might move against them too quickly which may cause them lose all their capital and go belly up. The brokerage is net flat, but there are huge offsetting positions amongst its clients. In the example of the Swiss Franc revaluation in early 2015, a sudden pop of 10-20% would have effectively meant that money in client accounts that were on the wrong side of the trade could not cover those on the other side. When this happens, it is theoretically the brokerage's job to close out these positions before it wipes out the value of the client accounts, however it would have been impossible to do so since there were no prices in between the instantaneous pop in which the brokerage could have terminated their client's losing positions, and offload the risk in the institutional market. Since it's extremely hard to ask for more money than exist in the client accounts, those with strong capital positions simply ate the loss (such as Oanda), those that fared worse went belly up. The irony here is that the more leverage the brokerage gave to their clients, the less money would have been available to cover losses in such an event. Using an example to illustrate: say client A is long 1 contract at $100 and client B is short 1 contract at $100. The brokerage is thus net flat. If the brokerage had given 10:1 leverage, then there would be $10 in each client's account. Now instantaneously market moves down $10. Client A loses $10 and client B is up $10. Brokerage simply closes client A's position, gives $10 to client B. The brokerage is still long against client B however, so now it has to go into the institutional market to be short 1 contract at $90. The brokerage again is net flat, and no money actually goes in or out of the firm. Had the brokerage given 50:1 leverage however, client A only has $2 in the account. This would cause the brokerage close client A's position. The brokerage is still long against client B, but has only $2 and would have to ""eat the loss"" for $8 to honor client B's position, and if it could not do that, then it technically became insolvent since it owes more money to its clients than it has in assets. This is exactly the reason there have been regulations in the US to limit the amount of leverage FX brokerages are allowed to offer to clients, to assure the brokerage has enough capital to pay what is owed to clients."
Not everything is about marginal utility and trying to define people by their marginal utility is almost sociopathic.    Guess what? Labor isn't that interchangeable and markets are far from perfect.  What is the other option other than government help?  Let these people starve and live on the street because they can't afford anything else?  That is a great way to ruin a society.
My take was that as a reactionary controller, Ballmer is shifting the company to an eventual dead-end. A new leader is needed, someone who takes action instead of reacting, and is open to creative ideas more than simply staying the course.  Of course, Forbes had to write the article practically as a eulogy, rather than being straightforward with it.
Have you ever considered how much faith and confidence play a role in the financial sector?  The calling in of swaps could cause issues similar to a Bank Run, which may or may not involve others coming into play.  While this is cleaning up the mess from a few years ago, there is something to be said for how complicated are various financial instruments in this situation. If you want something similar to ponder, what would make any institution be considered major and would this be agreed by various countries given how connected things are within the world?  What makes an institution major in the United States may not be quite the same standards in Brazil and this where one has to consider how to maintain faith in the system that could unravel rather badly if everyone tries to cash out at the same time.  The Bank Run link above is something to consider that could cause a bank that appears fine to suddenly have speculators cause more disruptions which isn't likely to help.  The global credit markets aren't likely to freeze overnight and thus there can be the question how does this get handled if another mess could arise. The idea here is to set up the framework to prevent the panic that could lead to a global depression.  The idea is to create for derivatives something similar to the stock market's trading curbs that exist to contain panic on a macro level.  The psychology is quite important in figuring out how to handle the obligations of a company that was perceived to be infallible as well as making sure what is agreed works across various cultures and currencies.
"The result would be catastrophic. The almost-reserve currency would collapse which would produce a medium sized depression, perhaps same with with 2008-now, or even larger, since don't forget, that one was produced from a housing bubble existing in only a part of the american economy; imagine what would happen if almost the full size of the economy (Europe) would collapse, even if Europe isn't as much ""connected"". But reality here is, there's no chance to that. The real reason you hear those rumors is that America (along with minor partners like the British Sterling) want to bring down the Euro for medium-term benefit. e.g. Several economists get on Bloomberg announcing they are short selling the Euro. Irony is, all this is helping the Euro since selling and short-selling and selling and short-selling helps massively its liquidity. It's like several nay sayers actually making a politician famous with their spite."
Which banks? What about those that don't have the same products/rates/services? There's only a handful of institues that could match, even just closely, to what WF provides.  Customers wouldn't have much real choice, and it'd look like the gov't stepping in and taking one business' money and giving it to another.   For the receiving bank, they would take a hit too likely, as the term for which they'd have the new funds wouldn't be long enough to see returns on anything before they had to turn the money back over. Meaning they'd be eating all the normal cost of their services without getting the normal return.  Fines work well because they hit companies where it impacts only them-net income. You want better compliance, create bigger and more persistent fines. You don't like WF, move your money somewhere else.
Are you actually supporting both your mother and father? Is the account joint? Is your mother aware of the gift and has control over the money same as your father? If you cannot answer (and provide support) yes to all these questions, then I doubt you could make such a claim. If the fact that the bank account is only in your father's name is a mere technicality for whatever reason, and the money is in fact intended, controlled by and benefits both of your parents, then I believe you can. See more details about gift tax in the IRS publication 950.
If you buy US stocks when the CAD is high and sell them when the CAD is lower you will make a currency gain on top of any profit or loss from the stock investments. If you buy US stocks when the CAD is low and sell when the CAD is higher any profits from gains from the stock investment will be reduced and any losses will be increased. If you are just starting out you may be better off investing in your own country to avoid any currency risk adding to your stock market risk.
I think a company can more easily crunch the numbers in figuring out how much revenue additional sales would mean to the bottom line. Top Brass also understands how tough selling is because they had to do it.  BTW- not saying you don't work harder.
The reason is in your own question. The answer is simple. They use that code to tax the product otherwise it would just be out of pocket expenses.
"As I understand it the basic premiss of a HOA is to ease communication between neighbors and help work towards common community goals.  As I understand it the reality is that the HOA works to keep the community homogenous so there are no ""sore thumb"" neighbors.   As to why look for one or avoid one.  If you would want a uniform image out of your neighbors and don't mind towing the party line, then they are for you.  If you don't care about what your neighbors do with their property (within civic ordinance) and would like freedom to do things different from your neighbors (paint your house blue, hang a clothes line, increase the size of your flower beds), then they are to be avoided."
I think it has more to do with a sizable amount of students have no interest in learning. The best most funded system in the world would fail if the students resist being taught and sabotage those that do want to learn
Elance, UpWork, Fivver  Who would've thought taking skilled labor and watering down the price to mere pennies would be bad for everybody involved?  That's why, even though I operate just like a freelancer, I incorporated. Legally, I'm a sole proprietor, not a freelancer...aside the few tax differences, it just saves me a ton of headaches.
Yeah but some of the managers are complete dicks with your scheduled hours.  Both my neighbors work there and he says that some night, he'll get a phone call at 1 am telling him to be at work in 2 hours instead of his typical shift.  they also apparently fire people for the most trivial reasons.  Very few of my friends who work there actually like the place but it's a job and in this city, it's pretty much take it or leave it. :(
IMO student loans are junk debt that should be dealt with as soon as possible.  Buying a house comes with risks and expenses (repairs, maintenance, etc) and dealing with a student loan at the same time just makes it tougher. Personally, I would try to pay off at least a few of the loans first.
As far as I have read, yes binary option is a part of trading. I saw tutorials on many sites like investopedia.com , verifyproducts.com etc. which clearly shows that in binary options, trader has to take a yes or no position on the price of any underlying asset and the resulting payoff will be either all or nothing. Due to such characteristic, it has become the easier way for beginners to enter in financial trading market.
i'm not talking about giving money to the gov't to have them help with it (i agree, our gov't should care only about us), but doing it yourself. or maybe flying over there to help yourself with your own money. my point is: a direct approach isnt best in the long run. the best help is having a booming economy. the poor are much better in a booming economy than in a shitty one. and govt redistribution will make a shitty economy. of course a bigger problem is the gov't manipulation of interest rates and over-regulation, but a better economy pulls people out of poverty. that's why everyone was financially equal, yet extremely poor in the USSR. nice and moral are always a good thing, but not by force. libertarians DO believe their policies are best for the poor, despite a lack of redistribution of money.
The Art of Short Selling by Kathryn Stanley providers for many case studies about what kind of opportunities to look for from a fundamental analysis perspective. Typically things you can look for are financing terms that are not very favorable (expensive interest payments) as well as other constrictions on cash flow, arbitrary decisions by management (poor management), and dilution that doesn't make sense (usually another product of poor management). From a quantitative analysis perspective, you can gain insight by looking at the credit default swap rate history, if the company is listed in that market. The things that affect a CDS spread are different than what immediately affects share prices. Some market participants trade DOOMs over Credit Default Swaps, when they are betting on a company's insolvency. But looking at large trades in the options market isn't indicative of anything on its own, but you can use that information to help confirm your opinion. You can certainly jump on a trend using bad headlines, but typically by the time it is headline news, the majority of the downward move in the share price has already happened, or the stock opened lower because the news came outside of market hours. You have to factor in the short interest of the company, if the short interest is high then it will be very easy to squeeze the shorts resulting in a rally of share prices, the opposite of what you want. A short squeeze doesn't change the fundamental or quantitative reasons you wanted to short. The technical analysis should only be used to help you decide your entry and exit price ranges amongst an otherwise random walk. The technical rules you created sound like something a very basic program or stock screener might be able to follow, but it doesn't tell you anything, you will have to do research in the company's public filings yourself.
you should pay cash. always pay cash or debit card. never use credits unless absolutely required. if you so poor that you need credit card you must reduce your costs! don't buy anything except food, start making money, then you will buy everything! and you should buy cheapest food now
I think about as close as you're going to get is to use a personal PayPal account, and set up a reminder to yourself to log in and send the money.  (Because, as you said, setting up a recurring payment is a business account thing.) From PayPal's website: Sending money – Personal payments: It's free within the U.S. to send money to family and friends when you   use only your PayPal balance or bank account, or a combination of   their PayPal balance and bank account. ... Receiving money – Personal payments: It's free to receive money from friends or family in the U.S. when   they send the money from the PayPal website using only their PayPal   balance or their bank account, or a combination of their PayPal   balance and bank account. You can automate the reminder to yourself with any of the gazillion task managers out there:  Google Calendar, MS Outlook, Todoist, Remember the Milk, etc.
"So here are some of the risks of renting a property: Plus the ""normal"" risk of losing your job, health, etc., but those are going to be bad whether you had the rental or not, so those aren't really a factor. Can you beat the average gain of the S&P 500 over 10 years?  Probably, but there's significant risk that something bad will happen that could cause the whole thing to come crashing down. How many months can you go without the rental income before you can't pay all three mortgages? Is that a risk you're willing to take for $5,000 per year or less?   If the second home was paid for with cash, AND you could pay the first mortgage with your income, then you'd be in a much better situation to have a rental property.  The fact that the property is significantly leveraged means that any unfortunate event could put you in a serious financial bind, and makes me say that you should sell the rental, get your first mortgage paid down as soon as possible, and start saving cash to buy rental property if that's what you want to invest in. I think we could go at least 24 months with no rental income Well that means that you have about $36k in an emergency fund, which makes me a little more comfortable with a rental, but that's still a LOT of debt spread across two houses.   Another way to think about it:  If you just had your main house with a $600k mortgage (and no HELOC), would you take out a $76k HELOC and buy the second house with a $200k mortgage?"
Have you considered investing in real estate? Property is cheap now and you have enough money for several properties. The income from tenants could be very helpful. If you find it's not for you, you can also sell your property and recover your initial investment, assuming house prices go up in the next few years.
The average of a dozen good answers is close to what would be right, the wisdom of crowds. But any one answer will be skewed by one's own opinions.  The question is missing too much detail. I look at $400K as $16K/yr of ongoing withdrawals. How much do you make now? When the kids are all in school full time, can your wife work? $400K seems on the low side to me, especially with 3 kids. How much have you saved for college?  The $150K for your wife is also a bit low. Without a long tangent on the monetary value of the stay at home spouse, what will you spent on childcare if she passes?  Term life also has a expiration date. When my daughter was born, my wife and I got 20 year term. She is now 16, her college account fully funded, and we are semi-retired. The need for insurance is over. If one of us dies, the survivor doesn't need this big of a house, and will have more than they need to be comfortable in a downsized one. My belief is that the term value should bridge the gap to the kids getting through college and the spouse getting resettled. Too much less, I'd have left my wife at risk. Too much more, she'd be better off if I were dead. (I say that half joking, the insurance company will often limit the size policy to something reasonable.)
Just don't buy any kind of paper and you will be fine :-) And don't forget most of these 'blue-chip companies' sell marketing garbage which have no real market.  Finally, make all decissions slooooowly and after extensive research.
&gt; whatever is happening in the tax code that makes these inversions possible needs to be fixed.  The best way to prevent this from happening is to lower the federal corporate tax rate to zero.  Having the business, a few more jobs, inflows of cash etc. are worth more than the &lt;10% that corporate tax provides to the government budget.
"Your heart is in the right place. Especially since they've got a kid. If you really want to help them, have the uncomfortable conversation with them that they need to have about money. Specifically, how to develop and stick to a budget. It is a painful, but valuable lesson for life.  Depending on what type of relationship you have with them, you can approach it in different ways... just giving them friendly advice is perhaps the lightest ""touch"" you could have... but might not make the impression you need.  If they are asking you for money, I would personally make it a condition that they work through their personal budget with you, and then start living within that budget. If you're lending money, it's not too much to ask to follow their accounts or finances so that you can see that they're on the right track. If you're a close enough friend, you could really walk them through it and help them to develop the habits of: estimating how much they will earn in a month estimating how much they should spend in a month,  tracking how much they are actually spending, and  comparing how much they actually earn with how much they actually spend.  Doing this every month until they get out of the weeds. They should at least do it every 3 months when they're in good financial shape, but even then each month doesn't hurt. Setting them up with something like Mint.com (if they're in the US) would be a handy place to start. You can share the login information with them if they trust you... and then they can change it once whatever agreed-upon terms come around.  It sounds weird, I know, but I have helped two friends out of credit-card debt this way. The hardest part is getting around the discomfort/taboo/shame of them knowing they need help and not wanting to accept it."
"A few years ago I had a US bank credit card that was serviced (all support, website, transaction issues) handled by FIA Card Services (part of Bank of America). I could create one-use credit card numbers, or time-limited (for example, 3 months) numbers.  I could also create (""permanent)) extra card numbers.  All of these could have a max charge value (IIRC, even a fixed value), so you could have a separate card number, with a limit, just for a subscription service or gym membership. The Bank issuing the card cancelled the entire card offering, so I lost these features. Maybe FIA still provides these features on cards they service. As a note to pjc50 (can't comment in this SE yet), Japan has had contactless cards for >10 years, but during use they tend to place them in a special tray (with the sensor underneath) during the transaction."
I see a false assumption that you are making.  (Almost always) When you buy stock the cash you spend does not go to the company. Instead it goes to someone else who is selling their shares.  The exception to this is when you buy shares in an IPO.  Those of us who have saved all our lives for retirement want income producing investments once we retire. (Hopefully) We have saved up quite a bit of money. To have us purchase their stock companies have to offer us dividends.
"The ex indicator is meant to be a help for market participants.  On the ex-day orders will go into a different order book, the ex order book, which at the start of the ex day will be totally empty, i.e. no orders from the non-ex day book have been copied over. Why does this help?  Well imagine you had a long-standing buy order in the book, well below the current price, and now the share price halves due to a 2-for-1 split, would you want to see your order executed? If so, your order should have gone into the ex-book which is only active on the ex-day (and orders in the ex book are usually copied over to the normal book on the day after the ex-day but this is exchange-specific). Think of it as an additional safety net to tell the exchange: ""I know what I'm doing: I want to buy this stock totally overpriced after the 2-for-1 split"". Now some exchanges and/or some securities (mostly derivatives) linked with the security in question don't have this notion of ex or the ex-book, and they will tell you by ""will not be quoted ex"" or ""the ex indicator is missing"". In your case (SNE) it is a sponsored ADR, the ex-date was Mar 28 2016, one day before the ex date of the Japanese original.  According to my understanding of NYSE rules, there is no specific rule for or against omitting the ex-indicator.  It seems to be a decision on a case by case basis.  Looking through the dividends of other Japanese ADRs I drew the conclusion none of them have an ex-book and so all of them are announced as: ""Will not be quoted ex by the exchange"".  Again, this is based on my observations."
First priority is to set up an emergency fund of 6 months expenses. If you're going to be making ~30k a year, then that means you'll probably want to put away about 10k of it in a savings account or something else similarly liquid.  After that, paying off your student loans probably makes the most sense depending on the rate. My general rule of thumb (and I'm sure others will disagree with me) is to pay off debts that are >=6.0% first before investing. Paying off debt is a risk-free return on your money, which makes it pretty valuable. It'll let you direct more of your monthly income into retirement savings, too. After that, open up a Roth IRA.  You can put a maximum of $5500 in it for this year.  I like Betterment, but Wealthfront has a similar service.
Venezuela is a command economy, and one that isn't doing terribly well right now, with rampant inflation in the several hundred percent range.  As such, they've tried to limit or eliminate exchanges between their currency and foreign currencies. Currently, they allow a limited amount of exchange at fixed rates (according to a Bloomberg article, those vary between 6.3, 13.5, and 200) for certain purchases, and then otherwise disallow exchange between the currencies.  However, there is a black market (illegal in Venezuela, but legal in the US) which allows the price to float, and is much higher - 800 or so according to that article from last year.  A recent Valuewalk article lists the black market rate at closer to 900, and slightly different official rates.  It's worth a read as it explains the different official rates in detail: Currently there are four exchange rates: First is the official one,   called CENCOEX, and which charges 6.30 bolivars to the dollar. It is   only intended for the importation of food and medicine. The next two exchange rates are SICAD I (12 bolivars per dollar) and   SICAD 2 (50 bolivars per dollar); they assign dollars to enterprises   that import all other types of goods. Because of the fact that US   dollars are limited, coupons are auctioned only sporadically; usually   weekly in the case of SICAD 1 and daily for SICAD 2. However, due to   the economic crisis, no dollars have been allocated for these foreign   exchange transactions and there hasn’t been an auction since August   18, 2015. As of November 2015, the Venezuelan government held only $16   billion in foreign exchange reserves, the lowest level in over ten   years, and an amount that will dry up completely in four years time at   the current rate of depletion. The last and newest exchange rate is the SIMADI, currently at 200   bolivars per dollar. This rate is reserved for the purchase and sale   of foreign currency to individuals and businesses.
If you are talking straight dollars then leasing is always a losing proposition when compared with purchasing. The financial workings of leasing are so confusing that people don’t realize that leasing invariably costs more than an equivalent   loan. And even if they did, the extra cost is difficult to calculate.   Still, many people can’t afford the higher payments of a typical loan,   at least not without putting a substantial amount down. If payments   are an issue, consider buying a lower-cost vehicle or a reliable used   car. http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/2012/12/buying-vs-leasing-basics/index.htm If you are talking about convenience, lifestyle, ability to purchase a car you could not pay for outright, then you will have to evaluate that.
Okays, so the prices we pay for goods and services aren't set by our income levels. Why should taxes be any different?  Surely they should be set by the benefits we receive from the community as measured by the market? That's what LVT is and does.
Car Loan is a personal loan which helps you take loan for the car which allows the buyer to pay in monthly payments instead of paying the full price all at once. HDFC Bank provides Flexible, Quick, and Cost-Effective ways to get Car Loans in India.
"Your only real alternative is something like T-Bills via your broker or TreasuryDirect or short-term bond funds like the Vanguard Short-Term Investment-Grade Fund.  The problem with this strategy is that these options are different animals than a money market. You're either going to subject yourself to principal risk or lose the flexibility of withdrawing the money. A better strategy IMO is to look at your overall portfolio and what you actually want. If you have $100k in a money market, and you are not going to need $100k in cash for the forseeable future -- you are ""paying"" (via the low yield) for flexibility that you don't need. If get your money into an appropriately diversified portfolio, you'll end up with a more optimal return. If the money involved is relatively small, doing nothing is a real option as well. $5,000 at 0.5% yields $25, and a 5% return yields only $250. If you need that money soon to pay tuition, use for living expenses, etc, it's not worth the trouble."
He is the President because people know he is rich and famous, which makes them think he is successful and therefore they voted for him.  Gates, Branson, Jobs, Musk, people actually working hard and being successful don't have the time to convince the dumbest part of voters to support them. Only an attentionwhore would do that.
"Certainly, there aren't algorithms lying in wait for me to enter a buy order for a couple thousand dollars worth of APPL. However, anybody that has a pension plan or a 401k gets shaved by predatory HFT. This is the majority of *ordinary investors*. Most of the population doesn't trade in individual stocks. The ones that have their investments managed by large funds are most certainly affected. Katsayuma's dissection of the underlying mechanisms makes that abundantly clear. I can understand why those with a financial stake attempt to discredit Katsuyama, but it's fairly transparent bullshit. Bullshit that ""you seem to have been suckered in"" by."
I used to be bullish on India, too.  Then I went to India.    It really is a structural problem.  The only way I see things changing is if more Indian expats go back to India and really move the country in a good direction.   The only saving grace is prevalence of English but that is not going to be enough going forward.
I don't know how much you travel but I travel to Europe, SE Asia and the Middle East frequently...  Security is a breeze compared to the US TSA thugs.  Even Israel is easier to do an airport transit than any US hub...
Almost, its not about lower wages. People who pick fruit get paid well above minimum wage, even double. It's about the fact no one is going to quit their job for $8 an hour to drive 60 minutes to go pick fruit for $14 a hour for harvest season and then be unemployed.
You can receive all the Money in your Bank. By Problem if you mean whether it will raise any alarms at the Bank. Most likely yes, such kind of activity would trigger AML. Bank would flag this off to regulators and questions would be asked. If you are doing a Legitimate business, its not an issue. Maintain a proper record of the transaction and pay your taxes. As funds are large 80 K a month, it makes sense to seek to advice of a Laywer and CA to help you keep thing in order.
Thanks. It has taken me some time to understand how all this works, and there are still many gray areas I want to understand further.  The Fed interest rate is the rate charged by banks to loan to each other to balance overnight reserves but only using the reserves they hold at the Fed. That adds no new money to the system, but increases the money multiplier a little since perhaps more loans can be made.   Basically one bank with excess reserves can loan to another bank that needs reserves. The Fed injects no money here, only sets the rate for banks to do this with each other.  When the Fed buys securities that effectively adds that many more dollars into circulation, which then gets hit by the money multiplier, adding a lot of new liquidity.  I think historically the latter tracks increases in the money supply much better than the former. I think the St. Louis Fed has records online for all this dating back to the 1940's or so.
Also, almost by definition rebalancing involves making more trades   than you would have otherwise; wouldn't the additional trading fees   you incurred in doing so reduce the benefits of this strategy? You forgot to mention taxes. Rebalancing does or rather can incur costs. One way to minimize the costs is to use the parts of the portfolio that have essentially zero cost of moving. These generally are the funds in your retirement accounts. In the United States they can be in IRAs or 401Ks; they can be regular or Roth. Selling winners withing the structure of the plan doesn't trigger capital gains taxes, and many have funds within them that have zero loads.  Another way to reduce trading fees is to only rebalance once a year or once every two years; or by setting a limit on how far out of balance. For example don't rebalance at 61/39 to get back to 60/40 even if it has been two years.  Given that the ratio of investments is often rather arbitrary to begin   with, how do I know whether I'm selling high and buying low or just   obstinately sticking with a losing asset ratio? The ratio used in an example or in an article may be arbitrary, but your desired ratio isn't arbitrary. You selected the ratio of your investments based on several criteria: your age, your time horizon, your goals for the money, how comfortable you are with risk. As these change during your investing career those ratios would also morph. But they aren't arbitrary.  These decisions to rebalance are separate from the ones to sell a particular investment. You could sell Computer Company X because of how it is performing, and buy stock in Technology Company Y because you think it has a better chance of growing. That transaction would not be a re-balancing. Selling part of your stock in Domestic Company A to buy stock in international Company B would be part of a re-balancing.
The benefits of pooling your money with others: The drawbacks of pooling your money with others: Practically Speaking - I say go for it. You stand to gain a lot of knowledge about how money works without having too much on the line. Good luck!
"I think you're projecting a little bit there when you say it's in my head.  From the Wikipedia article on [Nazism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazism), it says that they ""sought to convince all parts of the new German society to subordinate their personal interests to the 'common good' and accept political interests as the main priority of economic organization.""  That sounds pretty well like socialism to me. I'm sorry that the bad men you don't like pointed it out, but that doesn't make it not true."
"Sadly, most jurisdictions don't think this way when they assign property taxes.  ""You have X acres, our standard for this county is $Y per acre, so you owe $XY property taxes.""    And if you tax by dwelling size and features, you are saying a poor person cannot live in a nice house.  Lets say Joe Millionaire buys a fancy $2M house with a fancy pool and all the trimmings.  Sure, Joe Millionaire can afford the high taxes of, say, $20K/year.  But what if Jim Garbageman, who makes only $35K/year spends 10 years and about $100k building a similar nice house out of scrap materials he finds, purchases on sale or on craigslist, etc.  He rents a backhoe and  a gunite gun and builds himself a fancy pool, landscapes it really nice...and the county comes in and says ""Well Jim, that's a $2M house, you owe us $20K/year in taxes for it.""  Jim can't afford it, and the county takes his house for unpaid taxes.  Screw you and your efforts, poor person!  And before you say ""he can just sell it for $2M"" Well, what if he made it unique to his tastes, and no one wants to buy it?  Or the market is bad right now?    And yes, this has happened to someone I know, though the house was valued at $500K, he still couldn't afford the taxes.  And since it was not yet fully finished, he had to sell it for only about $100k, after working on it for several years.  So yes, as long as you want to make sure poor people cannot live in nice places, property tax is the way to go."
"duffbeer's answers are reasonable for the specific question asked, but it seems to me the questioner is really wanting to know what stocks should I buy, by asking ""do you simply listen to 'experts' and hope they are right?"" Basic fundamental analysis techniques like picking stocks with a low PE or high dividend yield are probably unlikely to give returns much above the average market because many other people are applying the same well-known techniques."
"The $10,400 is in the question, in two pieces.  His employer withheld $8000, and her employer withheld $2400.  Thus they paid together $10,400 in income taxes, which are deductible if you itemize deductions and choose income taxes over sales taxes (you can deduct one or the other).  There's nothing ""standard"" about the amount, though it is standard to take the income tax deduction (almost always higher than sales tax)."
"Funds which track the same index may have different nominal prices.  From an investors point of view, this is not important.  What is important is that when the underlying index moves by a given percentage, the price of the tracking funds also move by an equal percentage.  In other words, if the S&P500 rises by 5%, then the price of those funds tracking the S&P500 will also rise by 5%.  Therefore, investing a given amount in any of the tracking funds will produce the same profit or loss, regardless of the nominal prices at which the individual funds are trading. To see this, use the ""compare"" function available on the popular online charting services. For example, in Google finance call up a chart of the S&P500 index, then use the compare textbox to enter the codes for the various ETFs tracking the S&P500.  You will see that they all track the S&P500 equally so that your relative returns will be equal from each of the tracking funds.  Any small difference in total returns will be attributable to management fees and expenses, which is why low fees are so important in passive investing."
"Assuming these are standardized and regulated contracts, the short answer is yes.  In your example, Trader A is short while Trader B is long.  If Trader B wants to exit his long position, he merely enters a ""sell to close"" order with his broker. Trader B never goes short as you state.  He was long while he held the contract, then he ""sold to close"". As to who finds the buyer of Trader B's contract, I believe that would be the exchange or a market maker.  Therefore, Trader C ends up the counterparty to Trader A's short position after buying from Trader B.  Assuming the contract is held until expiration, Trader A is responsible for delivering contracted product to Trader C for contracted price.  In reality this is generally settled up in cash, and Trader A and Trader C never even know each other's identity."
Edgy, yeah, but don't drink the Kool-aid just yet, we're trying to raise the bar here and if you're not careful you'll get thrown under the bus. Between you and me, though, that's the kind of outside the box thinking we need if we hope to be at the tip of the spear.
"All of these answers are great but I wanted to add one piece of advice from someone who has been married 8 years and been in various financial ""situations."" Have one of you (whoever the two of you feel is more organized and more financially responsible) be solely in charge of paying the monthly bills, but keep a spreadsheet or some other tracking mechanism so that the other can monitor this as well. That way if you guys ever decide to switch roles there won't be much of a learning curve. Also, don't do three bank accounts. One or two is enough, more than that starts becoming more difficult to keep track of and if you have any sort of monthly fees on the accounts it also wastes money. My wife and I each have our own account and we get money for each other if necessary. She handles paying the bills but keeps a monthly spreadsheet that has all pertinent info. We have a number and color coding system to determine which paycheck (1st or 2nd of the month) the bill is paid in and whether it has been paid, not paid, or past due (green, yellow, red). Hopefully you don't ever have to see the red color :P"
"I'm answering my own question because in some sense, I alone know the answer. After the review, HMRC decided to waive all penalties (including the initial £100 penalty for late filing, which I had not appealed against) because ""HMRC may not have informed me"" about the mounting penalties. I had pretty good evidence that they hadn't informed me as there was a software change and immediately after that I got an initial penalty notice followed a day or so later by the further penalty notice.  But I am happy with the outcome, I wasn't going to argue any further!"
Walmart isn't going anywhere anytime soon. There will always be a need for a place to grab a large variety of merchandise then and now. Some others like Target though, are starting to struggle and are trying out a smaller store format and moving away from the suburbs in a last ditch effort to stay relevant. And even mainstream grocers like Kroger have seen their sales dwindle (Aldi, Lidl and such are an enormous threat).
"Once again the egg heads at the NYTs get it wrong.  Health care policy is ""hard"" because insurance industry float is a significant driver in capital markets.  The message to politicians is clear:  imperil premium capital in-flow at your own risk."
Think it from the womens perspective: interactions with men are not meant to be fun or thrilling and you're not supposed to enjoy sex. You are giving something to the man, and you should be paid. Having a family means giving up your career at marriage, while getting full control of the guy's paycheck.   The interaction between men and women in Japan is the most dysfunctional I know of, forcing career women to stay single and men to abandon interactions with women altogether or only seek out those that are paid to provide a service.
Minimum wage has only went up $2 in twenty years while housing, gas and education has tripled. Also, the US is the only developed country where people go bankrupt trying to pay medical bills - I know, I am Portuguese finishing my studies here. I never paid more than $100 in anything relating to healthcare. Anything. My first month here, I got sick and stayed at the hospital for about a week. $50k in medical bills.  The fact that we have people defending this greedy and vile society in which people work their entire lives to afford so little, be so miserable, fat and depressed is troubling. I would pick twenty other countries before I picked the US to live in. I had no idea you were so backward thinking, so mean and cynical to each other. Like that one Icelandic woman on Michael Moore's documentary said, you have serious problems of compassion. You don't care if your neighbor succeeds or not. That's a sick society in decline. You're just not aware of it.   If you work full time, I don't care what the job is, you should be able to live a life with dignity.
Obama got bad press too - and I actively sought out news that wasn't hypercritical. Imagine my surprise when CNN became Fox and Fox became... well its still Fox, but it's less bitchy   The knee jerk assault on his policies actually made me research more of his policies and other conservative view points... dems negativity backfired and they lost me as a voter for a long long time
By definition, a monopoly cannot have three separate participants. Don’t misunderstand: there may be work to be done here. I’m saying let’s at least get the words right or nobody is going to listen who isn’t already convinced.
It ought to be possible to buy a foreign exchange future (aka forex future / FX future). Businesses use these futures to make sure their exchange rate is predictable: if they put a bunch of money into manufacturing things that'll be ready a year later, it helps to know that the currency exchange rate shifts won't wipe out all their profits. If you're willing to take on some of that risk, and if things go your way, you can make money. They are essentially contracts between two private parties to pay each other a certain amount of money based on the movement of the currencies, so the Chinese government doesn't actually need to be involved and no renminbi need to change hands, you can just trade the contracts. Note that the exchange rate is currently fixed by the Chinese government, so you're going to be subject to enhanced levels of political risk, and they may not be as widely available or readily tradable as other foreign exchange futures, so check with a broker before opening your account. I couldn't find them on my personal Etrade account, but a quick Google search reveals CME Group offering some. There are probably others.  Foreign exchange futures are an advanced investing tool and carry risk. Be sure you understand the risk, in particular how much money you can end up on the hook for if things don't go your way. Also remember, futures expire: you're not just betting on the rate changing, but you're betting on it changing within a certain amount of time.
Scenario A: Scenario B: Scenario C: I have been in both scenario A and scenario B. The new companies had no problem with me opening an FSA under their program.
I think JohnFx's answer is pretty much the right thing to do. I'd just like to suggest that the budget doesn't have to be fixed. It sounds like you aren't completely sure what an acceptable lifestyle costs for you, and it might feel like a budget locks you into a spending pattern that could end up being unfulfilling, or keep you in debt longer than necessary. To reduce that risk, you could start with a very easy level of contributions, then every month see if you can spend $10-$50 less without sacrificing in the lifestyle department. And eventually if you feel like you're missing out, you can stick with the previous month's budget. You might avoid depriving yourself by starting with something easy, but I think if you make an effort to save money, you'll more likely be surprised how much you can improve your lifestyle while spending less. I like a lot of the advice on Mr. Money Mustache and Early Retirement Extreme, and I'd recommend the introductory sections of both blogs if you ever hit a block at some level of contribution. And one minor (highly situational) comment: You mentioned having less to save if you contribute more, but if you have high interest loans, paying them down early can be (pretty much) a guaranteed very high ROI. So while you might want to prioritize an emergency fund and maybe an employer match first, most saving will probably be less useful than extra contributions.
Skiffbug is not English... rather,  just another guy that realizes he had achieved nothing of value,  therefore finds it completely acceptable to demand changes that will in no way affect him or his pocket book,  ie...a douchebag.
Bônus 50 e 70% sobre o depósito. Confirme seus dados pessoais ao abrir sua conta RoboForex e Ganhe Dinheiro. Exemplo: você deposita US$100,00 porém na sua conta entra US170,00. E mais: a RoboForex cobre qualquer taxa de depósito. Não espere, pegue seu Bônus hoje mesmo! CLIQUE AQUI! http://www.roboforex.pt/operations/verified-customer/
Ok I read the article and yeah I'm completely off topic. It's opening up the possibly for people to create apps etc or retrieve information from it. I guess an example would be a booking site linked to airbnb availability. Maybe we'll see a combo site including hotel space availability as well as airbnb availability. I've also heard of VRBO if that's a real thing.
You should try to take out other loans sufficient to pay off your 401(k) loan if you can.   Maybe you can take out a home equity loan?  You can also ask your bank about unsecured loans.  You should also check the rules for your new employer's 401(k), if you're rolling over your 401(k).  There's a small possibility that you could take out another loan right now and apply it to the previous loan balance. Or if you need to wait, you could use it to help pay off any temporary loans that were needed to avoid the distribution penalty.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2017-05-31/coal-solar-stocks-fall-as-us-set-to-ditch-paris-climate-deal) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES - U.S. coal company shares dipped alongside renewable energy stocks on Wednesday after reports that President Donald Trump plans to pull the United States from a global accord on fighting climate change.  &gt; The market reaction reflects concerns, raised by some coal companies in recent months, that a U.S. exit from the Paris Climate Agreement could unleash a global backlash against coal interests outside the United States.  &gt; Peabody was among a handful of big coal companies that had argued that Trump should stay in the deal to help protect coal industry interests overseas, including by ensuring funding for coal-fired power plants and so-called &amp;quot;Clean coal&amp;quot; technology.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6en5c4/coal_stocks_fall/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~134065 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **coal**^#1 **percent**^#2 **Trump**^#3 **us**^#4 **Paris**^#5"
Once you declare the amount, the CBP officials will ask you the source and purpose of funds. You must be able to demonstrate that the source of funds is legitimate and not the proceeds of crime and it is not for the purposes of financing terrorism. Once they have determined that the source and purpose is legitimate, they will take you to a private room where two officers will count and validate the amount (as it is a large amount); and then return the currency to you. For nominal amounts they count it at the CBP officer's inspection desk. Once they have done that, you are free to go on your way. The rule (for the US) is any currency or monetary instrument that is above the equivalent of 10,000 USD. So this will also apply if you are carrying a combination of GBP, EUR and USD that totals to more than $10,000.
It depends on your bank and your terms of service, but using the card one way or the other may affect things such as how long it takes to process, what buyer protections you have, etc.  It also affects the store as I believe they are charged differently for debit vs credit transactions.
The issue is that no one wants to be paid in Yuan.... so that leaves only those who don't want to be paid in dollars.   Will gold increase -- maybe marginally because of this. But world financial markets are doing slightly better which means that the price of gold will remain low for a bit a longer.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/30/16220134/universal-basic-income-roosevelt-institute-economic-growth) reduced by 95%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A full universal basic income, in which every adult gets $1,000 a month A partial basic income, in which every adult gets $500 a month A child allowance, in which every child gets $250 a month They find that enacting any of these policies by growing the federal debt - that is, without raising taxes to pay for it - would substantially grow the economy.  &gt; Thus, they find that a full $12,000 a year per adult basic income, paid for with progressive income taxes, would grow the economy by about 2.62 percent and expand the labor force by about 1.1 million people.  &gt; Correspondingly, enacting big tax increases to pay for a basic income would be predicted to hurt the economy.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6x0avf/study_a_universal_basic_income_would_grow_the/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~201279 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **tax**^#1 **income**^#2 **percent**^#3 **economy**^#4 **taxes**^#5"
Yeah,  but the direct flight to Seattle is too long from the east coast. Southern California has Hollywood, Amazon video studio +1, 3 major ports of America because they are on the top 20 ports of America  (( LA, long Beach and san Diego) (LA is number 1, long Beach is 2, 3 is new York and New Jersey Port authority means MULTIPLE PORTS and 4 is the Seattle and Tacoma authority which also means the same shit.)) Good universities, California tech, ucla and usc to name a few. They are close to companies like boeing, Raytheon and Lockheed,(all withing 50 miles of each other from some reason)East coast is good for finance but is good a headquarters have to mean its close to their other branches? East coast is good only known for their investment banking. I don't know I'm just some drunk guy on the internet. But in my opinion California is the 6th? largest economy in the world and yes, if a yuppie city is willing to give you 5 billion to go there massive amount of resources compared to Memphis, New Jersey and what not just because a hq has to close to what😵? Think farther, go south, Mexico and south America. Hq1 USA and Canada and hq2 south America...
&gt;The people that are successful are the ones who had the wisdom, intelligence, and/or drive to capitalize on that moment.   And were lucky enough to have had parents who gave them the genetic predisposition to act that way. You could have just been born an idiot, or in a location where you would not be given that moment, and there is nothing you can do to stop that.
Not sure if it's 100% perceived. If shipping by boat takes 2 weeks and plane takes 2 days you can roughly calculate the worth of the mining that would be derived from those 12 days of mining. If it is more then the cost to rent a plane then you are really only speculating a short time into the future.
Investments earn income relative to the principal amounts invested. If you do not have much to invest, then the only way to 'get rich' by investing is to take gambles. And those gambles are more likely to fail than succeed. The simplest way for someone without a high amount of 'capital' [funds available to invest] to build wealth, is to work more, and invest in yourself. Go to school, but only for proven career paths. Take self-study courses. Learn and expand your career opportunities.  Only once you are stable financially, have minimal debt [or, understand and respect the debt you plan to pay down slowly, which some people choose to do with school and house debt], and are able to begin contributing regularly to investment plans, can you put your financial focus on investing. Until then, any investment gains would pale in comparison to gains from building your career.
This was exactly the right move. America's cities are run by democrats, but uber is one of the most free-market, capitalistic companies out there. Plouffe is a respected figure in liberal circles with the right connections to get inside these city councils and mayor's offices.
I think it's because there are people who build entire wealth-gain strategies around certain conditions.  When those conditions change, their mechanism of gaining wealth is threatened and they may take a short term loss as they transform their holdings to a new strategy.
Tampa Technology Co., LTD is a leading supplier of small engine parts from China. We always provide our customers with the highest quality products and the best service. Over the years, our products have been highly appreciated in the world, especially by the customers from the United States and Europe.
"Probably people like me who thought they'd turned it all off.   For the iphone:   Settings -- Privacy -- Location Services -- System Services   There you'll see a bunch of system services you probably don't need but (if my phone is any indication) are used pretty regularly to get location data on you. Some may be okay with you, but worth checking out.     A few things I looked up:   **Cell Network Search** - it's monitoring for Apple's benefit, having this on doesn't do anything for you; turning it off won't affect using your phone   **Compass Calibration** - your maps will work fine without this, and you can still calibrate the compass while using it; having it on just lets them ... check location to calibrate a compass you're not using?   **Motion Calibration &amp; Distance** - for fitness stuff like tracking steps   **Setting Time Zone** - if you don't travel between time zones often, you probably don't need Apple checking your location every day to constantly ""set time zone"""
Assuming that partial payments are held (without interest) until enough money has accumulated to make at least a full payment, and assuming that overpayments are applied toward principal, a strategy of making three $ 96.00 payments per month will shorten your amortization period by less than one month.  These calculations assume that the interest rate is 12.5 percent APR, compounded monthly (with an APY of 13.2416 percent). Instead of 71 payments of $ 285.56 plus a final payment of $ 285.38, you would make the equivalent of 71 payments of $ 288.00 plus a final payment of $ 28.10. If you make one $ 96.00 payment every ten days, you will make an average of 36.5… partial payments per year, instead of 36 partial payments per year.  This will speed up your loan amortization by about another month-and-a-half over the course of the 72 month loan.  One month of shortening is due to the extra principal payments, and the other half-month is due to interest savings.   To a second approximation, this strategy is similar to paying $ 292.00 per month for 69 months plus a final payment of $ 195.38.  In other words, this strategy will probably involve about 212 payments of $ 96.00 each, possibly with a small 213th payment.
Speaking as a liberal arts graduate working in a big financial firm: liberal arts graduates tend to have a generalist's perspective that lends itself well to picking up skills on the job, and are often very good at communicating very complex information in a digestible format.  For instance, one of the MAJOR complaints where I work is that there is a higher tendency among employees with STEM backgrounds to be very anti-social when interacting with clients. They are very good at the specific tasks they are trained to do, but absolutely abysmal when it comes to building business relationships, internally and externally.  To put the above in perspective, I consider myself to be a reserved person, but at work I feel like a social butterfly compared to a good chunk of my colleagues. It's very odd.
&gt; Queuing for service also occurs in the US...   Agreed, we have that in addition to cost inflation. When I refered to countries with massive government involvement, I was not excluding us. Really our system is little different that that of the Netherlands.  Nothing more on the boomers? I didn't see you mention them again...
In most markets, there are fixed fees known as commissions. For instance, with a retail broker in the stock market, you can expect every trade to cost you $7.00 as an example, it is $7.00 regardless of if you place a trade for $25 or $25,000. You will see that just opening the trade, with a smaller amount, will eat up all of your profits and a majority of your capital, but if you opened the trade with more capital through the investment group, then the $7.00 commission will be much less of a tax on your trade. Basically, the only advantage is that the tax of commissions will be less if you have a larger account, if the commission is a fixed dollar value, which is not always true either. regardless, at $25 per month, not many markets will be accessible. There is also the possible educational aspect of investing with a group of people, or it can simply be clashing ideals.
&gt; The report I linked to appears to disagree with you about the numbers.  I can't remember the report you linked anymore but prior to 2010/2011 (drawdown) there was only a single point (2007/2008) where contractors outnumbered troops, and it was by (iirc from the chart) 30-40k. USAID had 53k contractors under them at that time. The math there means that, at no point prior to the drawdown, did DoD contractors outnumber DoD personnel.  &gt;I wonder how it works out from a budgetary perspective for the professional mercenary companies, who I've read get paid massive amounts, which, I imagine, must irritate those doing similar work for government pay. People like Blackwater and their ilk.  That was the contracting work that I did. The military guys are just envious (but in a pretty positive way - certainly not hatin') and the government civilians can be annoyed but largely don't care. Everyone is in the same boat, pretty much - you're all there together. The military guys know that if they want to do contracting they need to follow a certain career path which they either choose not to pursue or can not.   State Department employees had the biggest problem with it because a) contractors fuck all of their women and b) they make more than the Staties without having a degree. It's very much a classist thing, and they are on the losing end of it. Kids educated at Cornell and now playing diplomat don't appreciate that.  Pay (for me) was $675 a day for some of the time, $1125 a day for the other part. It was decent pay, I worked 4 hours a day on average, and I got to work out a lot, but the food sucked and there were too few girls. And the ones that were there... you didn't want them. Or at least I didn't. But I've seen some of the best looking guys I've ever met dick down some ugly girls in country, and there was no way that I was about to fight with them over the (stretch marked or busted looking) scraps.
"That's just his base salary for last year.  Keep reading in the article: He also received $1.6 million worth of securit[ies]. Plus, he's probably earned plenty in salary, bonuses, and other compensation in previous years to more than keep up his lifestyle.  He can also sell (relatively) small amounts of the stock he already owns to get millions in cash without raising an eyebrow. how are people able to spend more than what they make, without going into debt? Well, people can't spend more than they have without going into debt. Certainly money can be saved, won, inherited, whatever without being ""earned"".  Other than that, debt is the only option. That said, MANY ""wealthy"" people will spend WAY more than they have by going into debt.  This can be done through huge mortgages, personal loans using stock, real estate, or other assets as collateral, etc.  I don't know about Bezos specifically, but it's not uncommon for ""wealthy"" people to live beyond their means - they just have more assets behind them to secure personal loans, or bankers are more willing to lend them unsecured money because of the large interest rates they can charge.  Their assumption is presumably that the interest they'll pay on these loans is less than the earnings they'll get from the asset (e.g. stock, real estate).  While it may be true in some cases, it can also go bad and cause you to lose everything."
Most bank robbers do it to support drug habits.  Given already poor decision making skills (i.e. getting hooked, robbing a bank once) and combining it with chemical cravings means you'll see idiotic repeat bank robberies like that as long as we have banks to rob.
That's a serious thing.  After Orlando, wasn't there a thing about a rise in gun sales to LGBT customers?  A lot of people really fear Trump / Republicans / Religious Right / Gasoline / Beef, so they might want to arm up a little more than they did under Obama.  (I've been to enough gun ranges to know that they are bi-partisan.)
To answer your question directly, this is a taxable benefit that they are providing for you in lieu of higher wages. It is taxable to the employee as income and through payroll taxes. It is taxable to the employer for their half of the payroll taxes.
For a complete example, do a little research on Monticello MN FiberNet. The project took 7 years to get going, including a court battle. The incumbent ISP fought tooth and nail to stop competition.  Now you can get 30 mb up/down fiber for $50/month. Probably one of the best prices you'll find anywhere in the state. And that scares every shitty dsl provider around.  Source: Minnesotan, not from Monticello and currently paying $30/mo for 3/1.5 mb dsl and getting shitty fucking customer service.  edit: Android thinks I shouldn't curse.
If you are the only contributor to the premiums, you will not owe income taxes on the benefits. Only the portion of the benefits you receive which were paid by your employer are taxable. Source: IRS 'Life Insurance & Disability Insurance Proceeds' Question: I am receiving long-term disability. Is it considered taxable? If you pay the entire cost of a health or accident insurance plan, do not include any amounts you receive for your disability as income on your tax return EDIT: In regards to @NateEldredge's comment: If you are inquiring about the premiums, then yes, you have to pay income tax on the portion of income that pays the premiums (it's a post-tax expense and is not tax-deductible)
Stock price = Earning per share * P/E Ratio. Most of the time you will see in a listing the Stock price and the P/E ration. The calculation of the EPS is left as an exercise for the student Investor.
Both of my primary home purchases were either at, or close to asking price. My first house was during the local seller's market in 2001-2002. There were waiting lines for open houses. In hindsight we bought more home than we needed at the time but that had nothing to do with offering asking price. It was the market for the type of property (location and features) at that time. My second house was a little after the peak in 2008. The value had come down quite a bit and the property was priced on the low side versus the comps. To this day my second house still appraises higher than what we paid for it even though it was at asking price. As a third example, my brother-in-law got into a bidding war on his first home purchase and ended up buying it for above asking price. This was normal for the houses in the area he was looking at. With real estate, like other people have said, it really is important to either know the area you are looking at or to get an agent you trust and have them explain their reasons for their offer strategy through the comps. Yes agents need to make money but the good ones have been in the business a while and also live off of repeat business when you sell your house or refer friends and family to them. Agents do a lot less work when it comes to selling by the way so they would love for you to come back to them when it's time to sell. If I'm not happy with the way things are going with my agent I would have a heart to heart with them and give them a chance to correct the relationship. I've spoken to a realtor friend in the past about getting out of buyer's contracts and he told me it's a lot easier as a buyer than a seller. The buyer has most of the power during the process. The seller just has what the buyer wants.
This whole article is about politics, not about business. Just because the douche who is trying to make a statement about partisan politics makes a front page of a business section; just because he happens to do business, doesn't make the topic business. It's the ensuing pedantic arguments and quibbles about this and that which really make it about politics. if it were about about business it would be a question of profitability, efficiency or markets, not about some jerk who says he is going to try to ruin the lives of many people because of something that might effect his companies bottom line after ancillary effects make their way down the road to him.
To answer the specific question of whether you can get the bill reduced without hurting your credit, yes, as long as the bill never goes to collections, there's no reason it should ever show up on your credit report. Will they reduce your bill without sending it to collections first? Maybe. All you can do is ask.
Naïve?  I imagine I'm a few decades older than you are.  And I'm pretty sure you've never lost your job with a family to feed or you wouldn't be so cocksure that the loss of thousands of jobs was an unalloyed good thing.  I also addressed his point perfectly well in my last sentence.  To clarify it for you, yes, I believe that bad businesses will have to go, and since most of them today are bad, there will be a collapse and millions of people will suffer tremendously.    It's inevitable but it's really hard not to feel for the people who are suffering now and the millions more who will suffer in the future.  My only hope is that some sort of better system will come out of the ruins...
I would have been tempted to dismiss your claim, but the data I found shows that you're correct. On the plus side, the growth rate in credit union market share is higher in New York than it is in California. While there is no question that bankers hate credit unions, I can't tell you why credit unions have a smaller market share in NY. Maybe the regulatory environment is part of it. Banks have a big lobby, and they pay a lot of taxes in NYC.
Personally, I started renting out because I couldn't afford to buy a place but now I'm quite comfortably past that point.  My three main issues are: These views aren't for everyone but I find it hard to seriously contemplate dealing with 2 while 1 and 3 are issues.   To be honest, I found that I learned a lot sharing a place for the first few years and still enjoying it now.  I don't really think you should bring it down to a financial issue unless your decision is already made.
The Laffer curve is taught in like the first week of a macro Econ class. You could raise the tax rates to 99% and still collect less tax revenue than if they are at a reasonable rate. But of course there's no mention of that. So I'm gonna go out on a limb and call it what it really is: ideologues championing their agendas.
Depends on the type and scope of your business. I am very strongly considering starting my own mobile app business while unemployed to fill the employment gap. The odds of turning a decent profit are probably low, but my overhead is so low that my risk is virtually zero. Just as long as it helps me get work later on, I will have accomplished my goals.
I think it all boils down to choosing the right people to work for you whether they might be a local or from the other side of the world (outsourced).  What matters is they are able to do the work well. Saving on costs is just an added benefit.
I have a few recommendations/comments: The trick here is to make it clear to the dealer that you will not be getting a new car from them and their only hope of making some money is to sell you your own car. You need to be prepared to walk away and follow through. DON'T buy a new car from them even if you end up turning it in! They could still come back a day later and offer a deal. Leasing a new car every 3 years is not the best use of money. You have to really, really like that new car feeling every three years and be willing to pay a premium for it. If you're a car nut (like me) and want to spend money on a luxury car, it's far wiser to purchase a slightly used luxury vehicle, keep it for 8+ years, and that way you won't have a car payment half the time!
"Appreciation of a Capital Asset is a Capital Gain.   In the United States, Capital Gains get favorable tax treatment after being held for 12 months. From the IRS newsroom: Capital gains and losses are   classified as long-term or short-term,   depending on how long you hold the   property before you sell it. If you   hold it more than one year, your   capital gain or loss is long-term. If   you hold it one year or less, your   capital gain or loss is short-term. The tax rates that apply to net   capital gain are generally lower than   the tax rates that apply to other   income. For 2009, the maximum capital   gains rate for most people is15%. For   lower-income individuals, the rate may   be 0% on some or all of the net   capital gain. Special types of net   capital gain can be taxed at 25% or   28%. The IRS defines a Capital Asset as ""most property you own"" with a list of exclusions found in Schedule D Instructions.  None of the exclusions listed relate to Bond ETFs."
This is allowed somewhat infrequently.  You can often purchase stocks through DRIPs which might have little or no commission.  For example Duke Energy (DUK) runs their plan internally, so you are buying from them directly.  There is no setup fee, or reinvestment fee.  There is a fee to sell. Other companies might have someone else manage the DRIP but might subsidize some transaction costs giving you low cost to invest.  Often DRIPs charge relatively large amounts to sell and they are not very nimble if trading is what you are after. You can also go to work for a company, and often they allow you to buy stock from them at a discount (around 15% discount is common). You can use a discount broker as well.  TradeKing, which is not the lowest cost broker, allows buys and sells at 4.95 per trade.  If trading 100 shares that is similar in cost to the DUK DRIP.
Perhaps you haven't been following the news, but much of the protesting coming from young people around the world is in response to increasing tution costs. Montreal had a 30,000 person march just last week made up mostly of college students. I'd really love to know what countries you're referring to.
&gt;Some argue shareholder capitalism has proven more efficient. It has moved economic resources to where they're most productive, and thereby enabled the economy to grow faster.  Sure, but there isn't much in this growth for the regular Joe. I am saying this because of the growing wealth disparity on one hand, and the very-slowly-changing face of the Third World.
I think this is really two questions: Dumbcoder has already answered part 1 in a comment - either just wire the money from the Japanese bank account to the UK bank account (either bank should be able to help you with the details of this) or if your Japanse bank also has a UK operation you may be able to do it within the same bank.  As for part 2 - if you are looking for a mortgage then many high street mortgage providers (banks) will want proof of your savings up front. They may or may not accept Japanese bank statements; all you can do is ask the question. You would probably also need to ask your Japanese bank if they can provide statements in English.  If you find that most or all of the high street banks will not accept this as proof of assets, or that they demand that the money is in the UK for a period of time first, then you might have more luck with a mortgage broker who can deal with the specialist requirement. If you do find a mortgage provider who is happy to accept Japanese bank statements as proof of assets then you would simply need to wire the money direct from your bank in Japan to the UK bank of your solicitor at or shortly before the point when the deposit becomes due (usually at exchange of contracts).
"I'd recommend an online FX broker like XE Trade at xe.com.  There are no fees charged by XE other than the spread on the FX conversion itself (which you'll pay anywhere). They have payment clearing facilities in several countries (including UK BACS) so provided you're dealing with a major currency it should be possible to transfer money ""free"" (of wire charges at least).  The FX spread will be much better than you would get from a bank (since FX is their primary business). The additional risk you take on is settlement risk.  XE will not pay the sterling amount to your UK bank account until they have received the Euro payment into their account.  If XE went bankrupt before crediting your UK account, but after you've paid them your Euros - you could lose your money. XE is backed by Custom House, which is a large and established Canadian firm - so this risk is very small indeed. There are other choices out there too, UKForex is another that comes to mind - although XE's rates have been the best of those I've tried."
In reading the Moody's report I found it funny that 2 notches worth of Morgan Stanley's rating id due to the benefit from implied TBTF protection.  So here we are 4 years after the crisis and Morgan Stanley still has 2 notches of creditworthiness due to still being TBTF.  So without that MS would be one notch above junk.
I'm okay if the union sticks up for those only in the Union. If I get a pay raise because of my union affiliation, you don't deserve the same benefits. For what it's worth, in many other countries they've always sided with the Union.   To me this is a a direct attack on the middle class. If it hasn't already eroded enough it's only going to get worse.
"While I can appreciate you're coming from a strongly held philosophy, I disagree strongly with it.  I do not have any 401k or IRA I don't like that you need to rely on government and keep the money there forever. A 401k and an IRA allows you to work within the IRS rules to allow your gains to grow tax free. Additionally, traditional 401ks and IRAs allow you to deduct income from your taxes, meaning you pay less taxes. Missing out on these benefits because the rules that established them were created by the IRS is very very misguided. Do you refuse to drive a car because you philosophically disagree with speed limits?  I am planning on spending 20k on a new car (paying cash) Paying cash for a new car when you can very likely finance it for under 2% means you are loosing the opportunity to invest that money which can conservatively expect 4% returns annually if invested. Additionally, using dealership financing can often be additional leverage to negotiate a lower purchase price.  If for some reason, you have bad credit or are unable to secure a loan for under 4%, paying cash might be reasonable.  The best thing you have going for you is your low monthly expenses. That is commendable.  If early retirement is your goal, you should consider housing expenses as a part of your overall plan, but I would strongly suggest you start investing that money in stocks instead of a single house, especially when you can rent for such a low rate. A 3 fund portfolio is a classic and simple way to get a diverse portfolio that should see returns in good years and stability in bad years. You can read more about them here: http://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Three-fund_portfolio You should never invest in individual stocks. People make lots of money to professionally guess what stocks will do better than others, and they are still very often wrong. You should purchase what are sometimes called ""stocks"" but are really very large funds that contain an assortment of stocks blended together. You should also purchase ""bonds"", which again are not individual bonds, but a blend of the entire bond market.  If you want to be very aggressive in your portfolio, go with 100-80% Stocks, the remainder in Bonds. If you are nearing retirement, you should be the inverse, 100-80% bonds, the remainder stocks.  The rule of thumb is that you need 25 times your yearly expenses (including taxes, but minus pension or social security income) invested before you can retire. Since you'll be retiring before age 65, you wont be getting social security, and will need to provide your own health insurance."
There are quite a few advantages to credit cards in the uk. But don't borrow on them past the grace period. Set up a direct debit to pay amount in full.
"If you have wage income that is reported on a W2 form, you can contribute the maximum of your wages, what you can afford, or $5500 in a Roth IRA.   One advantage of this is that the nominal amounts you contribute can always be removed without tax consequences, so a Roth IRA can be a deep emergency fund (i.e., if the choice is $2000 in cash as emergency fund or $2000 in cash in a 2015 Roth IRA contribution, choice 2 gives you more flexibility and optimistic upside at the risk of not being able to draw on interest/gains until you retire or claim losses on your tax return).  If you let April 15 2016 pass by without making a Roth IRA contribution, you lose the 2015 limit forever.  If you are presently a student and partially employed, you are most likely in the lowest marginal tax rate you will be in for decades, which utilizes the Roth tax game effectively.   If you're estimating ""a few hundred"", then what you pick as an investment is going to be less important than making the contributions.  That is, you can pick any mutual fund that strikes your fancy and be prepared to gain or lose, call it $50/year (or pick a single stock and be prepared to lose it all).  At some point, you need to understand your emotions around volatility, and the only tuition for this school is taking a loss and having the presence of mind to examine any panic responses you may have.  No reason not to learn this on ""a few hundred"".  While it's not ideal to have losses in a Roth, ""a few hundred"" is not consequential in the long run.   If you're not prepared at this time in your life for the possibility of losing it all (or will need the money within a year or few, as your edit suggests), keep it in cash and try to reduce your expenses to contribute more.  Can you contribute another $100?  You will have more money at the end of the year than investment choice will likely return."
Would you consider the owner of a company to be supporting the company? If you buy stock in the company you own a small part of that company. Your purchase also increases the share price, and thus the value of the company. Increased value allows the company to borrow more money to say expand operations. The affect that most individuals might have on share price is very very small. That doesn't mean it isn't the right thing for you to do if it is something you believe in. After all if enough people followed those same convictions it could have an impact on the company.
Russian, Ukrainian, Moldovan, Belorussian??? Sorry, still not treated the same as French/German women...  Look at student visa, Some Unis have a summer school program where you can get a student visa for three months... (like full time year studying.) Good luck!
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.lse.edu/internationalDevelopment/publications/Working-Papers/WP176-TeddyBrett.aspx) reduced by 60%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; It creates asym-metrical relationships between donors and recipients that succeed when their interests can be can harmo-nised but not when they conflict.  &gt; These relationships and strategies have changed radically since the war in response to changes in the global system, policy paradigms, and crises.  &gt; We review these processes, treat-ing aid relationships as a structural component of the global system; review the different strategies adopted by donors since the war that culminated in the recent Paris Declaration and Sustainable Development Goals calling for poverty reduction and good governance.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6skcpg/explaining_aid_ineffectiveness_the_political/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~186761 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **donors**^#1 **relationships**^#2 **system**^#3 **global**^#4 **aid**^#5"
The shift to trading at the close began in 2008. Traders did not want to be caught off guard by surprise news and there was a lot of volatility during the financial crisis, so they would close their position in the evening. Thats how it began. There are two reasons why it sticks around. First, there has been an increase usage of index funds or passive funds. These funds tend to update their positions at the end of the day. From the WSJ: Another factor behind the shift has been the proliferation of passively managed investments, such as index funds. These funds aim to mimic an index, like the S&P 500, by owning the shares that comprise it. Index funds don’t trade as often as active investors, but when they do, it is typically near the market close, traders say. That is because buying or selling a stock at its closing price better aligns their performance with the index they are trying to emulate. The second reason is simply that volume attracts volume. As a result of whats mentioned above, you have a shift to end of day trading, and the corrolary to that is that there is a liquidity shortage from 10am to 3pm. Thus, if you want to buy or sell a stock, but there are few buyers or sellers around, you will significant move the price when you enter your order. Obviously this does not affect retail traders, but imagine hedge funds entering or closing a billion dollar position. It can make a huge impact on price. And one way to mitigate that is to wait until there are more market participants to take the other end of your trade, just as at the end of the day. So this is a self-reinforcing trend that has begun in the markets and will likely stick around. http://www.wsj.com/articles/traders-pile-in-at-the-close-1432768080
how safe is my money As safe as it can get. Most Banks would be registered under FDIC. See the list here if a specific bank is covered or not. Bank of America is covered. How does this work, and is there something I need to do so I am covered by it? Should I be getting a certificate or something?Is BOA under the scope of this Deposit insurance? It only covers if the bank fails, i.e. goes bankrupt. The FDIC steps in and either oversees a merger of the failed bank with another bank, or in the worst case, pays the depositors upto $250,000.  Does it cover me if someone steals my money? The FDIC does not cover if someone steals your money. if someone hacks my computer and transfers all my money? This will be determined on a case to case basis. If the loss of money is because of your negligence, i.e. you gave your password etc to someone else or did not take enough precautions to safegaurd ... including allowing someone to hack you computer ... in such cases it is a crime and you would need to file police complaint and the bank will on best effort basis try and reverse the transfer. If this was due to the bank's error; i.e. Bank did not ensure right controls/security was in place resulting in loss of your money, the bank is liable and will pay you back. So cases like someone forged your signature on a check etc. are the bank's responsibility.
"Just one further point to add to what everyone else has said. There are no oil rigs or platforms ""off the shores of Liverpool"". Liverpool is on the west coast of England, on the oil-free Irish Sea. The UK's oil industry is in the North Sea, to the north-east. Aberdeen would be the correct city."
I'm working on some banking-related research, and have run into a problem: financial data switches between using RSSDIDs and FDIC certs to identify individual banks. I'm looking for an efficient way to convert between ID types or include both, as I am merging large financial data sets that each use different ID types. I have found [this](https://www.ffiec.gov/nicpubweb/nicweb/searchform.aspx), which allows for conversion one-by-one. However, I'm working with a very large set of bank data, and would really appreciate a more efficient way to do this. Does anyone know of a data set that matches certs to RSSDIDs?  edit: just in case someone else needs it, the call report bulk downloads on the ffiec site have both the CERTs and RSSDIDs, so you can use those.
They don’t grind down profits because they don’t want to pay taxes. They have no need to turn a profit because the premium people are willing to pay to amazon for their stock is so high that their cost of capital is essentially negative. In amazon’s world, any retained profits reflect a lack of investment in growth or willingness to take risk, and because their capital is so cheap, this essentially means that turning a profit is a lack of investment in growth.  You could make an argument that tax law has not kept pace with the reality of the technological revolution, but to argue amazon’s primary driving motive is to avoid taxes is just silly.
"For this to work, those who control the dilution must also control their salaries because the only way for them to be paid off when it's the corporation itself selling is to gain access to the proceeds. When a corporation sells newly issued equity, the corporation itself owns the money.  To at least have the appearance of propriety, the scammers must be paid those proceeds.  Both actions imply that the board is captured by the scammers. There are many corporations that seem to do this even with persistently large market capitalizations. The key difference between this and pump-and-dump is that its a fraudulent group of investors selling in this case instead of the corporation itself. A detailed simple example Corporations are mandated by law to be little oligarchies; although, ""republic"" is now becoming more appropriate with all of the new shareholder rights.  A corporation is controlled at root by the board of directors who are elected by the shareholders.  The board has no direct operational control, as that is left to the ""king"", the CEO; however, the board does control what everyone wants access to: the money. Board members have all sorts of legal qualitative mandates on how to behave, and they've functioned fairly decently efficiently over the long run, but there are definitely some bad apples. Boards are somewhat intransigent since it's difficult to hold board elections, and usually only specific board members are put up for election by a shareholder vote, so a bad one has the potential to really get stuck in there.  Once a bad one is in there, they don't care because they know it will be tough to get them out, so they run roughshod over the company's purse. Only the board can take action on major funding such as the CEO's operating budget, board compensation, financing, investment, etc, some with shareholder approval, some without.  The corporation itself owns all of those assets, but the board controls them. In this example, they scheme with most likely the top executive, but a rubber stamp top executive could allow a lower rung to scheme with the board, but the board is always constant until the law is changed. Because there's no honor amongst thieves, the board votes which can require some combination of executive and shareholder approval are taken very close together: sell shares, increase salaries to key executive schemers, increase board compensation.  The trusting shareholders believe this is in the best interests of the company at large so go along. So the money flows from existing & new shareholders to the corporation now controlled by a malicious board and then finally to the necessary malicious executive and the vital malicious board."
I see two advantages to not paying student loan debt off more quickly: For #1, however, there are plenty of other ways to build credit and I don't see this as being worth the downsides of not paying off the debt more quickly. In fact, in the United States student loan debt cannot be written off if you go bankrupt. This is important to know and understand. I would generally advise you to pay down your student loans as quickly as you can reasonably do so.
"So the main reason that you aren't getting answers is that the question is not really answerable on this site without putting a lot of details about the expenses of your company online.  Even then you will need someone who specializes in Canadian taxes to go through those details to be sure.  Most of those people feel like they should be paid a decent amount per hour to go through the details. That being said, I dealt with a similar question for my contract work company by just taking a couple weekends and calculating the taxes myself on estimated numbers.  It was time consuming but not really that hard.  I thought I might have to buy software, but all I needed was a small calculator.  Along the way I learned a few details that helped me lower my overall tax exposure. I found that Neil was generally correct that you are ""taxed on profits"" but it is worth doing the taxes yourself because the details can really matter."
Just to support this, I'm working in front-office equities right now and this describes us pretty well. We have a pretty open set-up, but still with waist-high cubicles. Our traders are only about 6m away from my desk though, so it's not always that quiet.  FI people are scary, I don't go over there.
http://buytwitchviewers.socialyup.com : If you are looking for the best service providing firm in the market to buy Twitch viewers fast then you can go through any reliable online marketing portal. This way, you will get the maximum viewers at the cost effective price.
"Look at how much tax you paid last year, including withholding and any additional amount that might have been due with the tax return. Look at the instructions for the W-4 form, which sets how much tax you want your employer to withhold. Adjust the numbers on that form until the total withheld during the year is close to what you expect this year's total to be -- remember, though, that there's no penalty for over-withholding but could be for under-withholding. Submit the W-4 form to your employer.  Remember that we're a few weeks into the year, so even if you adjust withholding now there will have been several paychecks at the prior setting; you can try to build that into your guesstimate of how to reset the withholding, or just not worry about it. Do the same with your state's withholding adjustments form. Repeat on a yearly basis, to account for raises, changes in other income, changes in filing status, etc. until it's close enough that you're satisfied with it. Then reconsider if/when your financial situation changes. Personally I find that exercise more effort than it's worth, and have simply set my withholding at ""close enough"". I usually get some money back from the feds and owe some to the state, but either is handled happily by my normal bank account balance."
Spring is here and the need of self-storage has increased more than ever before. There are valid reasons for the increase in demand of self-storage space and there is nothing much you can do about it. Whether you are looking for a self-storage in Sutton Coldfield or in Erdington, you would surely face some stiff competition in renting a self-storage unit.
"Well, the first one is based on the ""Pert"" formula for continuously-compounded present value, while the second one is the periodically-compounded variant.  Typically, the continuously-compounded models represent the ideal; as the compounding period of time-valued money shrinks towards zero, and the discount rate (or interest rate if positive) stays constant over the time period examined, the periodic equation's results approach that of the continuously-compounded equation. Those two assumptions (a constant rate and continuous balance adjustment from interest) that allow simplification to the continuous form are usually incorrect in real-world finance; virtually all financial institutions accrue interest monthly, for a variety of reasons including simpler bookkeeping and less money paid or owed in interest. They also, unless prohibited by contract, accrue this interest based on a rate that can change daily or even more granularly based on what financial markets are doing. Most often, the calculation is periodic based on the ""average daily balance"" and an agreed rate that, if variable, is based on the ""average daily rate"" over the previous observed period. So, you should use the first form for fast calculation of a rough value based on estimated variables. You should use the second form when you have accurate periodic information on the variables involved. Stated alternately, use the first form to predict the future, use the second form in retrospect to the past."
"I know plenty of guys out of college looking to get a start. There's a common problem: ""Hey? Know anyone looking for work?"" Me: ""Do you need experience?"" Them: ""Um... yeah..."" Some of them are very good developers  Microsoft is one of the better companies, though they have other issues. Most of them won't even bother if you are right out of college. I wish more invested in training programs to find those star workers to get them into coding and out of McDonalds. I'm finding consulting companies are starting to take the place of this, and that's how I got my start  Microsoft did interview me a few times when I got out of college, but my communication skills were lacking then. Nowadays, after I got my start, people are starting to come to me."
This is an 'Ordinary' bank account and not a NRO or NRI account, as I have a PAN card, Aadhar card etc and use an Indian address As you are NRI, you cannot hold an Ordinary Savings account in India. Please have this converted to NRO ASAP. It should be a simple paperwork. Will it be better and easier for my sister to transfer this inheritance money from my 'ordinary' bank account into her bank account and then have my sister 'Gift' me the money under LRS OR is it advisable to go through the lengthy procedure of opening NRO account, then filling in 15CB, 15CA, getting RBI permission and using form A2 to transfer the funds. If my sister transfers the money into her bank account, will this be considered as income for her and will she need to pay taxes on it (even though the money in my account is from inheritance). The right process would be to have your account converted to NRO, and complete the formality of 15CB, 15CA. There is no taxes if you transfer the funds to your sister and she transfers the funds back to you. From Indian Taxes point of view, this is gift between close relatives and there is no taxation.
"The article appears to be making the opposite point it thinks it is making.  The author appears to be talking about income disparity, but if more and more people are making 6 figure salaries - to the extent that it's no longer a ""rich people thing - that would mean income disparity is shrinking, at least if you only look at salary alone (and not equity - which is really what wealth is about).  The top 1% or even 10% **should be** making vastly more than the middle class - that's to be expected.  Otherwise, why would they be 1%?  From time to time, the income disparity folks don't seem to understand their own points."
That's a nice thought. But I doubt it would happen. I sell on EBay and I was on the phone every day for a month over some scammers and ne'er do wells. They didn't do anything special to help me. Lost a lot of money. Just think of the millions of cases like that every day. They're better off having a blanket rule, even if it screws over the seller.
I've got cards with no annual fee that don't get used--I never see a bill from them.
Also the small Suv, and the crossover gives the old school sedan something to desire for. I drove a camry for years great car, but I drive a suburu forester now and the the small Suv is the perfect small family car. The rav4 is a good car too.
First, talk to your husband about this. You really need to persuade him that you need to be saving, and get him to agree on how and how much. Second, if you husband is not good at saving, work on getting something set aside automatically - ideally deducted from a paycheck or transferred to a savings account automatically. If he is the kind of person who might dip into that account, try to make it a place he can't withdraw from Third, get some advice, possibly training, on budgeting. Buy a book, take a video course: even start by watching some TV shows on getting out of debt.
Speaking of the deficit, if obama had done literally nothing at all the debt would of still went up by  9 billion anyway, because the deficit was 1.16 B (x 8 = 9.26 billion). Instead he halved the deficit and somehow kept the debt within trend
One thing to consider besides what rules Oregon has, is what rules your old state have. Of course the lack of income tax in Nevada means that most people are trying to convince their new state they are still a resident of Nevada. You are a full-year Oregon resident if you live in Oregon all year.   You are also a full-year Oregon resident, even if you live outside   Oregon, if all of the following are true: Part-year resident: You are a part-year resident if you moved into or out of Oregon during the tax year. The requirement for financial life means that you should: change all your Nevada banks to Oregon banks; Change all your mail to Oregon; Sell any property or end any leases you have in Nevada. Or course you need to research the rules for in state college tuition, death with dignity  if any apply to you. In border areas you must be careful to establish residency for children to attend public schools. Some families try to cheat to get their children into a better school.
In a (not Roth) IRA, withdrawals are generally already taxed as regular income. So there should be no tax disadvantage to earning payment in lieu of dividends.  It's possible that there is an exception for IRAs but I was unable to find one and I cannot see the reason for one since the dividend tax rate is usually lower than the income tax rate (which is why some company owners elect to receive part of the company profits via dividend rather than all through their salary).
I hired our copywriter from linkedin last month. after 2 failed CL ads, 1 monster and 1 careerbiulder that gave us 90% crap candidates, I scouted some people on linkedin. I emailed 6 on there, 2 came in for an interview and we hired 1. They werent even looking for a new job, but it worked out well.
&gt;I'm talking about the manufacturers profits and employees.  You only talked about manufactures not employees.  Tho what employees have anything to do here is beyond me.  &gt; Costco tends to use their consumers and distribution access to their advantage and often at the expense of manufacturers.  As they should.  But as I said, they are not Walmart.  Costco isn't going to push a supplier to make their product as cheap as possible because they know their customers don't want Walmart quality stuff.  This means they aren't going to push the supplier as nearly as badly as Walmart will.  &gt;A large producer like my employer have and will tell costco to go fuck themselves.  They do that and they lose any possible profits from Costco.
OP, I'd wait until you see the itemized list. And then go from there.   From the sound of it, it seems that the repairs is pretty major. I'd double check the lease contract to see if there were any clauses/term that made the tenant responsible. This could be from appliances to repairs.
"With (1), it's rather confusing as to where ""interest"" refers to what you're paying and where it refers to what you're being paid, and it's confusing what you expect the numbers to work out to be. If you have to pay normal interest on top of sharing the interest you receive, then you're losing money. If the lending bank is receiving less interest than the going market rate, then they're losing money. If the bank you've deposited the money with is paying more than the going market rate, they're losing money. I don't see how you imagine a scenario where someone isn't losing money. For (2) and (3), you're buying stocks on margin, which certainly is something that happens, but you'll have to get an account that is specifically for margin trading. It's a specific type of credit with specific rules, and you if you want to engage in this sort of trading, you should go through established channels rather than trying to convert a regular loan into margin trading. If you get a personal loan that isn't specifically for margin trading, and buy stocks with the money, and the stocks tank, you can be in serious trouble. (If you do it through margin trading, it's still very risky, but not nearly as risky as trying to game the system. In some cases, doing this makes you not only civilly but criminally liable.) The lending bank absolutely can lose if your stocks tank, since then there will be nothing backing up the loan."
Buy some pits for xiv in October if you want to piggy back. Options pretty cheap right now.  Not sure if xiv has options, but if vix spikes, xiv will tank almost 1 for 1 negative relationship. Chart both of them over time to see the relationship.
you really have your facts in hand.  are you involved in policymaking?  are you a researcher?  would you consider doing an AMA? actually with everybody being so hopped up right now, it might be a huge shitshow to try that... i just would really like to see level headed, factual information out there for people.  i guess that makes me kind of dumb, because people are not seeking level headed factual information at this point in the festivities.  sorry I'm contradicting myself right and left  may i ask, what do you think an intelligent policy would be, going forward?
Unfortunately, it's a simple 'no'. Once the IRS has your money, you need to wait until early next year to settle up. He can increase his allowances via form W4, and have less money withheld from pay checks the rest of this year, but no chance for a lump sum return before tax time.  For sake of a comprehensive answer, early withdrawals are subject to a 10% penalty along with regular income tax. It sounds like the son is in the 15% bracket, and a total 25% would have been the right number to choose.
The debt collection agency (DCA) has purchased the debt and has the rights to your original account. The original creditor will have nothing to do with you anymore. If the DCA does not want to work with your payment schedule, simply deposit the money into an account. Don’t touch the money. Hopefully you save enough money soon enough to pay off the debt before it falls off your credit report. If not, well, enjoy the money you saved.
Of course your situation is very hurtful at a personal level, and I sympathize. I just don't get your point about being driven further into debt? It would seem that with a lower credit score you are prevented from taking on more debt. That can absolutely be hurtful especially to someone who runs a business that relies on short term credit. As for why they do this, they do it to reduce their risk - they don't want to lend more money, they are afraid that you will lose your job and default. Of course it is not as personal as I am writing it, not for you (they don't target you personally - they target your credit profile) and not for them (it is a matter of how the market views the debt and how much they can trade on such debt, not what they want to do personally). As for the TARP bailouts not releasing enough credit - this is reality. Goverment always thinks it can influence the situation more than it actually can. In order to unfreeze credit there needs to be a growing economy that makes the risk look acceptable. No amount of Goverment nudging will really change that more than marginally. By the way, legislation like this (forcing credit card companies to not raise their rates) can lead to credit restrictions. By artifically forcing the rates down the risk has to be ballanced somewhere - so it will be ballanced by lowering credit lines or by other means. Like any price control, if you restrict the price, it causes shortages. Intrest rates are the price of credit.
"Corporate restructuring makes everything a flux, so you might as well revisit some core fundamental questions. Here's how to do this professionally: Start floating your CV now. Line up interviews in competing companies. Attend to them. Score a job offer, and have it put into writing, with exact salary, which should be at least 10%++ of your current one. Take a clear empty page, and write on top: ""Business value provided"". Put down your major contributions, and achievements. Wherever possible, put the company's expected dollar value near to it. For bonus points, sum it up on the bottom, and minus your current salary. Difference is ""Profit provided directly to the company's bottom line"". Float this to your manager's desk. At this position, you have only one fundamental question to your boss: ""match or pass?"" :) A corporate spin-off is a good time to do this: 1, to ensure, that your position will not be made redundant; 2, if it is, you have a backup plan. If the parent company's ""getting rid of you"", however, there are even more fundamental questions you might want to ask yourself: is this really a profitable division, or merely a loss leader? Does this company have a future, and the adequate growing options for you, personally?  To answer these questions, you must have an opportunity cost estimation; and for that, you must have second (and preferably, third) options -hence, the strategy above. To conclude, the best time to do your job research is every other month; and the best time to ask for a raise is always now :) Good luck!"
Obligatory comment about debt being to high, eventual hyperinflation and mismanagement by government heralding the end of America.  Obligatory preemptive reply to rational people to say that although this argument could have been made two years ago its different now and you should buy into the fear mongering because its going to happen sooner or later.  Bring on the downvotes!
"The banks are making *bank* on these fees and for merchants they are not *optional.*  They either have to raise their prices and charge *you* or eat the costs.  The banks are doing nothing to ""earn"" this money.  Now you know I am serious."
Amazon luckily allows you to buy gift cards for virtually any amount, down to even a dollar. Whenever i have some random amount left on a gift card, i just go ahead and buy an Amazon e-gift card with it. FYI -  this works only with e-gift cards, not physical ones
"I doubt they'll be paying them anything, just like Google itself pays Wikipedia nothing for showing Wikipedia snippets in its result boxes. Wikipedia's license actually doesn't require any money to reuse it, and with things like data dumps and a public API, it actually encourages this. Of course then you have large companies leeching off of your hard-built volunteer project, but that's par for the course for open source in general and anything more restrictive would harm the exact people you're targeting (saying for example that ""companies with more than x employees must pay"" is actually something a lot of services do, but it's by definition not truly Free since it comes with restrictions).  On your note about begging readers for donations, Wikipedia refuses to put up ads because that would force them into a conflict of interest (say large company A that is a large customer doesn't like how their article portrays them and threatens to pull their ads) You become beholden to whoever pays the bills, so it makes sense to ask readers to support the project. You might've heard some hogwash spreading around that Wikipedia already has enough money, but that's not true considering a prudent non-profit needs a sizable reserve to protect against fluctuations or disasters, and for long-term stability. Not to mention the project is nowhere near the size it started at and is still growing."
Property taxes, at least in Canada, are levied by the municipality or city in which the property is situated.  For many cities, it is a significant source of income. Part of the justification from the municipal point of view is that the land is serviced, in that it generally has city services like water, sewer, garbage collection and the like.  The taxes also commonly pay for city services like libraries, fire and ambulance. The tax rates vary widely across cities, so where your dream house is located may have a large impact on your overall tax bill. Property tax is more-or-less a government imposed lien on your house.  You can be foreclosed on if you are unable to pay.  This is a last resort of course, but can and does happen.
"I think the builders need to get their heads out of their asses and see who is actually looking to buy a house, and what sort of house. There is a new development of two-story duplexes that was built near me 6 months ago; they are asking $595,000 for each *unit*. Everybody that walks by it says ""Are you shitting me?"" For $250,000 they would be nice houses. The builders are wondering why they aren't selling."
The short answer is if you own a representative index of global bonds (say AGG) and global stocks (say ACWI) the bonds will generally only suffer minimally in even the medium large market crashes you describe.  However, there are some caveats. Not all bonds will tend to react the same way.  Bonds that are considered higher-yield (say BBB rated and below) tend to drop significantly in stock market crashes though not as much as stock markets themselves.  Emerging market bonds can drop even more as weaker foreign currencies can drop in global crashes as well. Also, if a local market crash is caused by rampant inflation as in the US during the 70s-80s, bonds can crash at the same time as markets.  There hasn't been a global crash caused by inflation after countries left the gold standard, but that doesn't mean it can't happen. Still, I don't mean to scare you away from adding bond exposure to a stock portfolio as bonds tend to have low correlations with stocks and significant returns.  Just be aware that these correlations can change over time (sometimes quickly) and depend on which stocks/bonds you invest in.
You don't specify in which format are the files you're importing, but if it's .qif then qifqif provides a CLI interface to enter categories as fast as possible (by reusing categories used for similar past transactions).
"....causes loses [sic] to others. Someone sells you a stock.  The seller receives cash.  You receive a stock certificate.  This doesn't imply a loss by either party especially if the seller sold the stock for more than his purchase price. A day trading robot can make money off of the price changes of a stock only if there are buyers and sellers of the stock at certain prices.  There are always two parties in any stock transaction: a buyer and a seller.  The day trading robot can make money off of an investment for 20 years and you could still make money if the investment goes up over the 20 years.  The day trading robot doesn't ""rob"" you of any profit."
"No it's not. High frequency trading specifically aims to take a profit without speculating on the movement of price, using technological advantages and exploiting arbitrage opportunities rather than anything else.   Big firm trading I agree to an extent (that's why I made the comment that markets may or may not be efficient), but I think it's more nuanced than ""run a projection and see if the price goes up."" And as I say, traders at big trading firms generally have access to information and tools that we don't at home, so if you want to invest in something invest in it - don't try and guess where the price is going to go because people do that professionally and often still get it wrong."
&gt; (I know someone who was alone, on a Saturday for all women's clothing).  It could get worse. When I was at Sears, it wasn't unusual to have only two or three people for ALL clothing departments at any given time. So someone would have to be stuck with two entire clothing departments to cover.
Columbus is very interesting. Something about it has made it the perfect test market demographic for retailers and fast food galore.  Cheap rents and lots of jobs. I'm gunning for a move next year, but wondering what the trap is.
"Just as we are seeing the repercussion's of Obamas 8 years now. Stefan Selig was in Obama's administration and ironically  now an investment banker ( checked his profile). So this is basically an op-ed. Some of it I agree with but I don't think Trump will make the ""american century"" obsolete. That is a vast overstatement with very little evidence to back it up."
"Move in fees in my experience as a landlord (though I do not charge them) are to cover the costs of stuff like changing locks or having new/extra keys made. However, in Japan there is the idea of ""key money"" that is sort of the same concept as a security deposit, but typically much larger and not refundable. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_money#Japan"
But by then no one will pay any attention.  /edit: Downvotes?! Anyone objectively reads his speech transcripts or watches his interviews will see that Trump is really just a  senile old man! Why bother reading craps if he is no longer POTUS? There are more interesting grumpy old men out there e.g. Lewis Black and Greg Poop
Let's drive worker wages down farther by only using the cheapest labor worldwide.  Don't worry!  This is a natural part of a healthy economy!  /s  Our view of a healthy economy needs to change to include the health of the people in that economy.
"Fwiw, I don't actually put much credit in the laffer curve, but just like to point out that the argument that it justifies tax cuts is predicated on being above the peak rather than below.  I'll also point out that the biggest expansions of the US economy happened under a top marginal rate of 90%. That rate was basically only on income higher than what 99.9% make. Of course explaining marginal tax rates to most people fails. If you say ""were lowering rates but adding more brackets at the top end. (90, 99, 99.9, 99.99 %ile, for instance). Or even doing something like ""lowering tax rates, but all personal income is taxed the same"" and possibly ""dividends are taxed at the income tax rate of the individual, but are deductible from the corporate income""."
The closest thing that you are looking for would be FOREX exchanges. Currency value is affected by the relative growth of economies among other things, and the arbritrage of currencies would enable you to speculate on the relative growth of an individual economy.
"The consumer who opens a CD may receive a passbook  or paper certificate, it now is common for a CD to consist simply of a book entry and an item shown in the consumer's periodic bank statements; that is, there is usually no ""certificate"" as such. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_of_deposit Generally speaking, CDs should offer higher interest that typically doesn't vary, over the term of that CD.  So, in that way it offers a bit more security on the return.  But, they also lock up your money for a specific period of time."
Fiscal dominance occurs when a national debt has reached levels such that a nation is unable to pay it down with taxes and requires monetary policy support in order to stay solvent. In such a situation, it is difficult to control inflation because raising interest rates can make it impossible for the government to pay its debt.  Japan's inflation was/is extremely low, and that was/is why fiscal dominance is an advantage for them. Not sure if this is applicable for the US.
My wife and I set up a shared bank account. We knew the monthly costs of the mortgage and estimated the cost of utilities. Each month, we transferred enough to cover these, plus about 20% so we could make an extra mortgage payment each year and build up an emergency fund, and did so using automatic transactions. Other shared expenses such as groceries, we handled on an ad-hoc basis, settling up every month or three. We initially just split everything 50-50 because we both earned roughly the same income. When that changed, we ended up going with a 60-40 split. We maintained our separate bank accounts, though this may have changed in the future. A system like this may work for you, or may at least provide a starting point for a discussion. And I do strongly advise having a frank and open discussion on these points. Dealing with money can be tricky in the bounds of a marriage.
"I've mostly seen this term peddled by those with large portfolios in gold/commodities. The incentive for these guys, who for example may have a large portfolio in gold, is to drive demand for gold up - which in turn drives the value of the gold they're holding up and makes their assets more valuable. The easiest way to get a large amount of people to invest in gold is to scare them into thinking the whole market is going to fall apart and that gold is their best/only option.  I personally think that the path we're on is not particularly sustainable and that we're heading for a large correction/recession anyways - but for other reasons.  **Example:**  [Peter Shiff YouTube Channel called ""The Economist"" with conspiracy videos](https://www.youtube.com/user/PeterSchiffChannel/videos)  [Actual ""The Economist"" magazine researching the market](https://www.youtube.com/user/EconomistMagazine/videos)  (edit: formatting)"
Im creating a 5-year projection on Profit and loss, cash flow and balance sheet and i\m suppose to use the LIBOR (5 year forward curve) as interest rate on debt.  This is the information i am given and it in USD.  Thanks for the link.  I guess its the USD LIBOR today, in one year, in two years, three years, four years and five years
"You are wrong on the L1 visa with respect to ""no limit""... there is an overall limit of 7 years max for L1a and 5 yrs for L1b.  Also, it is only limited to companies who have offices in foreign countries where that worker must have worked at least 1 year in a managerial, Executive or special skill set capacity; so not every company would qualify to bring in L1 visa workers... you are right about no required minimum with respect to salary but it would throw an unnecessary attention if a Manager you brought into the US getting paid peanuts so, that, in itself is a ""self regulator"" if you will."
I can't believe they will tax robots, in Korea, or anywhere else. Yeh, sure, business will agree to that and it surely will help business.  A robot tax is a tax on net income of a business.  If they were serious about Robot tax, then they should have taxed machines first and long time ago. As you know, machines replace more humans than robots do, and machines have much higher productivity than robots.  What's next? Tax computer programs because they automate and replace the work done by humans?   Tax AI because it replaces humans who currently do this analytic work?  Look, it would be silly to tax a machine or robot that does work that no human wants to do or can do.  If the intentions is because Korea wants/need more money from taxes, then tax outsourced work, done by other humans, in countries where labor is cheaper. Or, simply tax the business profits because robots increase their profits.  If the intentions is save jobs done by humans, then regulate robots and, for example, make it a rule that every group of robots must be supervised by humans, or customer service must be done by a human and not a robot/AI.
&gt;Hourly rates aside   Really? The guy who defines success by the $ they make doesn't want to compare hourly rates?  Ok, let's compare standard of living.   My buddy lives in Thailand at the moment. He travels around but has been there about 6 months.  He has a passive income of $55k derived from rental units here in the US, his blog, and online business.  He works about 5 hours a week.   He rents a beach house for $450/month and his expenses are about $20/day to live quite well eating out every meal, working out, etc. That $55k is about 15x the local median wage.   Your $500k in the US is about 10x the average wage in the US and if you live in an expensive city like NYC, DC, or SF then it's much less.  You work 80 hours a week and he works 5 and has a higher relative standard of living.    Who is more succesful?  &gt;I'd rather have the half mill annually  I'm sorry you never learned that we should work to live, not live to work. Its truly sad.
I sold my car on Craigslist for 2K and received cash.  I bought a car from Craigslist with $4K cash. For larger amounts where the buyer doesn't want to pocket such large quantities of money, meet them at their bank and have the banker do a draw on their account.  Hustle that check to your bank and be done.
The Indian lawyer areas are commercial and investment laws, corporate law and intellectual property laws. You can seek online legal dispute resolution without personally approaching any arbitrator or mediator. This is the most economical way of resolving disputes in minimum possible time.
&gt;Wife and I made $160K last year and saved $65k still living very nicely and taking international vacations.  Assuming that youre from the US you would have to live outside of a major metropolitan area to have such a low cost of living.
Property and Casualty insurers invest their premiums in large bond portfolios.  When they need the cash, they sell some of the bonds.  Catastrophe bonds, which are completely separate, do help blunt the earnings impact, as the insurer doesn't have to pay out as much interest to the purchasers after a disaster, but cat bonds aren't a major source of funds.
Sounds like an absolutely terrible place to work if they treat contractors that way. I say that because I was a contractor a long long time ago and I don't think anyone could pay me enough money to go back to those conditions.
I recall similar strategies when (in the US) interest rates were quite a bit higher than now. The investment company put 75% or so into into a 5 year guaranteed bond, the rest was placed in stock index options. In effect, one had a guaranteed return (less inflation, of course) of principal, and a chance for some market gains especially if it went a lot higher over the next 5 years.  The concept is sound if executed correctly.
"Yes, and they can change that anytime they so desire.  If they decide that tomorrow they own the factory and all of its data, that's it.  No appeal, zero recourse.  Sorry about your luck Elon.  Oh btw, were starting a new company that sells electric cars called Tezla.....and they are 30% less expensive than yours.  China is gonna be like ""look at me, I'm Tesla now"""
I can't see it happening because most of the population seems to be against it, even if their reasoning on the whole is wrong. Theoretically, people are against the Euro here as a result of national pride. If it's the best thing to do for the good of the country then national pride shouldn't be taken into account. It'd be perverse in the sense that you'd be stopping your country from progressing because you love it. That doesn't add up. Personally, I don't think it's possible for an entire continent to have a single currency. There's too many different countries and cultures involved. For it to work you'd have to have centralised fiscal policy and this makes no sense at all for a continent. What works here might not work in France or Germany. What works in Greece might not work here. etc, etc. The make up of each country's economies is different.
You didn't find the Indian, Jesus or Pre-school parts funny? Do you like his other stuff? I mean, you're entitled to your opinion, but I think this was definitely worth $5 if only, as Refresher said, as a statement for independent media.
Much of the absurdity of that amount comes from them adding up all of the time parents spend with their kids, and assuming that the value of that time is the same as if the parents were working during all those hours.  As if, if they weren't parents, they would be spending 120 a week at their job.  It's a nonsense way to evaluate cost for this situation.    Opportunity cost makes sense in business decisions, not in parenting.
With direct access to world's finest diamonds, Mervis Diamond offers an amazing array of magnificent diamonds. They specializes in diamond engagement rings, wedding rings, diamond studs, and much more. With their roots at the diamond mines in South Africa, they bring you with direct prices. They are proud to have good quality stones and good quality people in diamond industry.
It is a good opportunity in Johor Bahru where you buy the used car in best condition, we have every car certified by our expert team. If you want to save the money to buy the car in new condition it is a perfect place for you. Now, it has been become a very popular place in Kebun second hand car dealer.  On the off chance that you have thoughts to purchase an utilized car, the initial step includes endeavoring to locate the trustable second hand car dealer that fits your funds. You can sift through the chase in light of different parameters comprising Masai second hand car dealer.
I was in the same chicken and egg situation regarding credit cards. I did two things: Now that I have recent good credit history, Capital One has offered to raise my limit. I assume that it is because my credit score has improved and I can probably now switch to a credit card that doesn't have an annual fee.
Good for lazy investors, time-restricted investors, investors with little knowledge, investors who want a hybrid of advice and tools without paying the crazy fees of mutual funds or an advisor. The biggest advantage, is that it is easy, quick and convenient If you have the time and knowledge, this might not be for you
"Without more info to go on (such as a screenshot of the relevant portion of the statement or what country you're in), I will run with the answer that ""balance"" is the amount the collection agency is attempting to collect from you, including any and all fees the agency may have added. One important idea to keep in mind is that depending on how old the debt is, the amount involved, and the importance to the agency to collect it, you may be able to negotiate a settlement for less than the full amount.  This isn't always possible, but sometimes you get lucky, and it doesn't hurt to try. Collection agencies work in several ways.  Some will actually buy the outstanding debt from the original creditor for some percentage of the debt's face value and then take their chances on whether they collect anything at all, while others work on behalf of the creditor and earn some percentage of what they manage to recover.  In the latter case, your chance of negotiating a reduced amount is better, because the agency is being evaluated by the creditor on how quickly and efficiently they collect debts.  An agency that is slower or less effective than another is less likely to continue earning the creditor's business. I hope this helps. Good luck!"
&gt;This is directly the result of about 50 years of carefully applying the value investing philosophy  Ha. Nobody can prove that. Berkshire Hathaway could just be lucky. You can't even come *close* to making a solid argument that points in either direction. The factors involved are far too complicated. In fact, that leads me to my response to this thread:  Nobody actually knows what the hell is going on in the stock market, and if they do they aren't telling you; if they do tell you then it's no longer relevant.
The middle class attack continues...    Nevermind that all that tax money goes to salaries, then returns in taxes, and eventually trickles back up to the wealthy in product purchasing, interest, etc, etc.  That is too long term thinking for short term America. We have forgotten that people need to have money to spend it.  This just sucks more money out of the economy and [again slows the velocity of money](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M2V) which is at some of the lowest levels since it was tracked. Money is being hoarded and that helps noone in a consumer economy, not even the wealthy.  The check engine light is on in the American consumer economy and noone cares about fixing it or taking it in for repairs.
"We will bill our clients periodically and will get paid monthly. Who are ""we""? If you're not employed - you're not the one doing the work or billing the client. Would IRS care about this or this should be something written in the   policy of our company. For example: ""Every two months profits get   divided 50/50"" They won't. S-Corp is a pass-through entity. We plan to use Schedule K when filing taxes for 2015. I've never filled a schedule K before, will the profit distributions be reflected on this form? Yes, that is what it is for. We might need extra help in 2015, so we plan to hire an additional   employee (who will not be a shareholder). Will our tax liability go   down by doing this? Down in what sense? Payroll is deductible, if that's what you mean.  Are there certain other things that should be kept in mind to reduce the tax liability? Yes. Getting a proper tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State) to explain to you what S-Corp is, how it works, how payroll works, how owner-shareholder is taxed etc etc."
People should be able to have sex, and be able to take steps to prevent unwanted medical issues when they want to engage in sex with a partner/partners. If we expect someone who is making minimum wage to abstain from sex, we're technically denying them the ability to be a fulfilled human. There's a reason why love exists on Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs.
[Here's the link to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's first-ever survey of financial well-being.](http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/documents/201709_cfpb_financial-well-being-in-America.pdf)  The conclusion on pg. 68 is where the relevant bits are summarized. It opens with:  &gt;This report provides a first-of-its-kind view into the state of financial well-being in America. Overall, we find that the financial well-being of U.S. adults varies widely, and that a large percentage of people are financially fragile. **At the average U.S. financial well-being score, roughly one-third of individuals have difficulty making ends meet and approximately one out of five sometimes have difficulty paying for basic needs like food, housing, and medical care.** At the same time, the results show numerous potential opportunities to improve the financial well- being of significant portions of the U.S. adult population.
I'm in America on student visa and I can have 12 months of paid internship. I'd rather not waste the 12 months on a sophomore internship, you know? Of course, I'd still love to be paid for what I do and think that might make me try harder.
Ha!... just looked at some pics and you are probably spot on with the faux-steak-house-yet-quirky look.  At that point it's only the political ideology that might be a draw and as other's have pointed out it's a place / price point that is pretty well established.  They would have to be much more radical in a lot of areas to carve out a space for themselves.
In the united states qualified institutions of higher education should give the student a 1098-t. This form breaks down all money received/billed  and for tuition and scholarships. It would not include items such as books and room and board. The 1098 would constitute proof of attendance and proof of expenses. If a 529 plan was used to pay for part or all of the tuition it should also be sent to you or the student depending on where the funds were sent. If the student can't find the 1098-t it is likely that the college had an electronic copy sent to the students official email, or it can be downloaded from the student's account where tuition bills care paid.  Note: a confusing part of the 1098-T is that many universities include the spring semester numbers in the form for the previous year.   For Example: The 1098-T will tell you if they have done that.
I actually help companies start up for a living.   Here are some big parts you should do.  1 - Post on craigslist for work.  Seems pointless but it helps a ton.  Youll get potential new clients and it will help.  Do one ad every day under something specific.  One day maybe dishwashers, next garbage disposal, next drain clogs, next water leaks.  You get the point.  This will help reach people after a specific thing.  Also it will help get your name out.   2 - Post on your local news areas.  For example your local papers website will have a section to add your business.  Also do a search for local forums around your area and post there.   3 - Create a website.  If you are short on cash get a site from a good name provider.  Dont use go daddy as they are an evil company ha.  Find one local if you can and support your local economy.  It might be a few dollars more but it helps everyone out and tell them how you are a new company.  They might have friends and family members that can spread word of mouth.  Also ask them if they know of any local hosting providers.  For your website id say hire someone.  It should be under 1500 for everything if its done well.  If you are short on cash get wordpress and get a good blog style you like and go from there.   4- Update your blog once a week to start.  This will help google see it as a site thats worth something and move you up.  After 6 months you can post daily, but dont wait 5 months then post.  Oddly enough google will punish you at times for this.  Makes no sense but thats how the beast can work.  Your posts can be a new weekly deal.  Showing a new job you did.  Or maybe tricks that people can do themselves.  While it seems that would be counter productive to business.  When someone sees you as not trying to just sell something, they trust you more.   5 - Submit your site to the major search engines (google it).   6 - Post your company on local business pages.  yelp, google, and others you have.  Lots of people use this.  Also after every job ask them to post a review on yelp and those other sites with a positive review.  That might be the biggest helping factor.   7 - If you are in an older town just get a basic add in the yellow pages.  Its not hard and very helpful.     8 - Go to your local fair events and do free contests.  Like a free hours worth of drainage services.  This can help you get a good rep from customers.  As your company is going to live and die by word of mouth.  Your skills are not going to cost him much of anything except time and it will in the long run give a great rep.   9 - You can try mail flyers which at times can have some success but that depends on if you have an older clientele or not in your area.  Same goes for getting in the yellow pages.  I personally am against it as most of the time these companies are scams trying to make an extra buck on you.   10 - Call local organizations that might need you.  Boy scouts, girl scouts, ymca, and other programs.  See if you can place a set of business cards at the counter at these places.  This should help.  This also goes for local business.  Auto shops and other small business tend to help each other when it comes to things like this.     Anyways i typed way too much, but there is a great way to help.
Lets look at it this way. Your son bought the car and then 2 days later, he wants to change the price. Will the dealership let him do that after all the paperwork is signed?
&gt; the less chance of people defaulting,  You know a non-trivial part of the mortgages out there are adjustable right?  Did you never study what happened when in '07 after rates went up 4% in a year or two?  Rising interest rates are also a factor in rent prices. Meaning rent prices go up and people won't be saving as much. Investment accounts (savings) will be taking a shit because of severe contractionary fiscal policy.   &gt; more people buying with flat cash,  How much cash do you think the average American has ready to pay for a home?  I agree higher interest rates will definitely lead to lower home prices (that's ultimately what happened in '07) but you need to stop thinking about a ceteris paribus model and begin considering the cascade of other variables and what the impact of housing affordability is from their respective changes as well.
How would the RRSP know where the money came from? You have two separate financial operations going on: You invest some money, within the limits set by the law, in a Tax Free Savings Account.  Near the end of the year, you take the money, plus interest, out of the account.  As you may guess by the name, you need not report the interest as income. There are no restrictions on the money, except that you can't put it back in the TFSA until the new year.  The money is not segregated, or frozen, or marked with an exploding dye-pack.  It's just money in your regular bank account, or your pocket, or under your mattress. During that year, you also work for a salary.  Some is deducted from your salary to prepay your tax responsibilities, subject to a final calculation . You spend some and save some.  The money you save also goes into your bank account, your pocket, or under your mattress. You can even take some of your money from your chosen repository and put it in a RRSP, which postpones the need to pay tax on the original deposit and on any earnings on the deposit.  The money you take has lost all sense of identity:  it isn't TFSA money or salary, or paper route money, or twelfth birthday money.  It's just money...
People need to stop listening to financial TV shows and actually do real research. When the shares dropped in price all of these people come out of the woodwork, raising concerns that were already covered in the IPO filings with the SEC. The deck is stacked against small investors, but these people didn't do anything to prevent themselves from getting fucked.
If an individual wants insurance and a company exists that is able to provide such service, they should have every right to do so. It's a mutual exchange. Of course the government tends to jump in and play games but that's a different discussion. If people want flat fees the same should apply.   Citizens pay for the police, firemen, all in the form of taxes. The intention of their job is then to ensure your safety to the best of their ability if something were to happen. I'm not sure where the distinction you postulate even exists.
Scenario: Ken contributes $20,000 in 2015 when the 402(g) limit is $18,000. Ken is not old enough to make catch-up contributions. Ken made $2,000 in excess deferrals which the plan must correct by refunding the excess and any allocable earnings. If the correction is made prior to April 15th, 2016: No penalty. The excess + earnings is refunded to Ken and basically becomes income. Ken will receive 2 1099-R's one for the excess deferral in 2015, and one for the allocable earnings in 2016. The refund is taxed at Ken's income tax rate. If the correction is made after April 15th, 2016: Double taxation! The excess contribution is taxable in 2015, and again in the year it is distributed. Allocable earnings are taxed in the year distributed. The excess + allocable earnings may also be subject to 10% early withdrawal penalty.
The current Dow divisor is in Historical Divisor Changes. The OpenOffice GetQuote function offers fields for current dividend either in dollars or yield.
**John Vincent Atanasoff**  John Vincent Atanasoff (October 4, 1903 – June 15, 1995) was an American physicist and inventor, best known for being credited with inventing the first electronic digital computer.  Atanasoff invented the first electronic digital computer in the 1930s at Iowa State College. Challenges to his claim were resolved in 1973 when the Honeywell v. Sperry Rand lawsuit ruled that Atanasoff was the inventor of the computer. His special-purpose machine has come to be called the Atanasoff–Berry Computer.  ***  **Touchscreen: History**  E.A. Johnson of the Royal Radar Establishment, Malvern described his work on capacitive touchscreens in a short article published in 1965 and then more fully—with photographs and diagrams—in an article published in 1967. The application of touch technology for air traffic control was described in an article published in 1968. Frank Beck and Bent Stumpe, engineers from CERN, developed a transparent touchscreen in the early 1970s, based on Stumpe's work at a television factory in the early 1960s. Then manufactured by CERN, it was put to use in 1973. A resistive touchscreen was developed by American inventor George Samuel Hurst, who received US patent #3,911,215 on October 7, 1975.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.21
Having trouble setting up your Tplink router through tplinklogin.net? Stay calm for these types of issues and chat with our experts. You will get a solution as the team is having an experience of several years. Connect through live chat window.
First of all, I've raised VC money before so I have experience in this area. The other commenter who said they'll only cause trouble is wrong, as a general statement. Some may, but that just means you've chosen your investors poorly. Choosing an investor is a very important decision and you should choose someone who you think will be able truly add value to your business, rather than just someone who is willing to write a check. Cultural alignment is important, and having a shared set of goals and timelines for the business is important.   That said, no one here is going to be able to tell you how to structure your deal because it varies so much based on the business. In general I think it's a good idea to only take money when you need it and have a solid plan for how you're going to use it. Every time you take money you're diluting your ownership and reducing your long-term upside. Keep in mind that, as the other commenter said, if you take a deal now that means that you maintain 51% and then you take more money in the future, that 51% will be diluted further. That said with more investors in the mix you still are likely to be the largest shareholder, but again, that depends on how the deals are structured.   My advice: seek out as much advice from as many sources as you can. And hire a good law firm to handle your financing transaction because their advice is invaluable as you negotiate terms. Finally, you should have more conditions than just retaining 51% ownership -- there are a lot of terms that get baked into these deals that have an impact on the long-term upside. Learn those terms. Do a bunch of googling and a bunch of reading. And ask for more advice. :)
"You have a high risk tolerance? Then learn about exchange traded options, and futures. Or the variety of markets that governments have decided that people without high income are too stupid to invest in, not even kidding. It appears that a lot of this discussion about your risk profile and investing has centered around ""stocks"" and ""bonds"". The similarities being that they are assets issued by collections of humans (corporations), with risk profiles based on the collective decisions of those humans. That doesn't even scratch the surface of the different kinds of asset classes to invest in. Bonds? boring. Bond futures? craziness happening over there :) Also, there are potentially very favorable tax treatments for other asset classes. For instance, you mentioned your desire to hold an investment for over a year for tax reasons... well EVERY FUTURES TRADE gets that kind of tax treatment (partially), whether you hold it for one day or more, see the 60/40 rule. A rebuttal being that some of these asset classes should be left to professionals. Stocks are no different in that regards. Either educate yourself or stick with the managed 401k funds."
Are ready to choose the best digital marketing company in 2017, here are some steps and guidance. Which gives you steps by step tips for choosing a suitable company for your website in the Dubai. *Check Company website ranking *SEO packages *Local SEO services *Check company background and years of experience and much more things you can ask to them. You can also hire experts Search engine optimization in dubai like seo-daddy which is Dubai, UAE based company, which has affordable SEO packages also and have an SEO consultant for your website audit. For further more details, you can visit to our website.
EDIT: I think it's a fairly straightforward cause &amp; effect.  You tax the transactions, it lowers the incentive to do frequent trading.  So yes, I do think it would limit it effectively.  I'm under no illusion that speculating will end.  But I think we need to dial it back a bit so that investment is the primary driver in the market, not gambling.  I'm not anti speed, but the markets serve a real purpose:  They allow for liquidity &amp; for useful capital allocation.  And liquidity is nothing if all the machines are set to sell, sell, sell.  This is what caused some of the crashes.  Also, we had liquidity prior to all this High Frequency trading.  I'm unsure that the added liquidity makes up for the cons of turning an investment engine into a gambling engine.  You dont' even have to believe me.  There are a few big time investors that say they are out of the market because it is no longer governed by reason.
A lot of the study numbers people put up also relate to your efficiency. I passed lvl1 straight out of undergrad with ~130 hours of actual study time. I kept a stop watch because I wanted to know how much time I actually spent eyes on book and figured out I spent close to 40% of my time in the library dicking around. so 150*.6 = 90 hours if you're able to focus.
"You are missing the fact that the company can buy back its own shares. For simplicity, imagine the case that you own ALL of the shares of XYZ corporation.  XYZ is very profitable, and it makes $1M per year.  There are two ways to return $1M to you, the shareholder: 1)  The company could buy back some fraction of your shares for $1M, or  2)  The company could pay you a $1M dividend. After (1) you'd own ALL of the shares and have $1M. After (2) you'd own ALL of the shares and have $1M. After (1) the total number of shares would be fewer, but saying you owned less of XYZ would be like complaining that you are shorter when your height is measured in inches than in centimeters. So indeed, a buyback is an alternative to a dividend. Furthermore, buybacks have a number of tax advantages over dividends to taxable shareholders (see my answer in Can I get a dividend ""free lunch"" by buying a stock just before the ex-dividend date and selling it immediately after?).  That said, it is important to recognize the shareholders who are less savvy about knowing when to accept the buyback (by correctly valuing the company) can get burned at the profit of the savvy shareholders.  A strategy to avoid being burned if you aren't price savvy is simply to sell a fraction in order to get your pro rata share of the buyback, in many respects simulating a dividend but still reaping some (but not all) of the tax advantages of a buyback."
It's been traded publicly for only about a month.  I wouldn't put much credence in a P/E ratio just yet because it hasn't had to report anything like a grown-up publicly traded company yet.
&gt; U.S. housing prices are up more than 25% since the beginning of 2012. However, they **still need to climb** more than 20% to just reach their pre-recession highs  gets pretty annoying to constantly read about how much we're STILL OFF the high.  HIGH point was peak BUBBLE point.  Is that really a goal?, if so, why?
"I think you can do it as long as those money don't come from illegal activities (money laundering, etc). The only taxes you should pay are on the interest generated by those money while sitting in the UK bank account. Since I suppose you already paid taxes on those money in Greece while you were earning those money. About being audited, in my own experience banks don't ask you much where your money are coming from when you bring money to them, they are very willing to help, and happy. (It's a differnte story when you ask to borrow money). When I opened a bank account in US I did not even have an SSN, but they didn't care much they just took my passport and used the passport number for registering the account. Obviously on the interest generated by the money in the US bank account I had to pay taxes, but it was easy because I simply let the IRS via the bank to withdarw the 27% on the interest generated (not on the capital deposited). I didn't put a huge amount of money there I had to live there for 1 year or some more. Maybe if i deposited a huge amount of money someone would have come to ask me how did I make all those money, but those money were legally generated by me working in Italy before so I didn't have anything to be afraid about. BTW: in Italy I was thinking to move money to a German bank in Germany. The risk of default is a nightmare, something of completly new now in UE compared to the past where each state had its own currency. According to Muro history says that in case of default it happened that some government prevented people from withdrawing money form bank accounts: ""Yes, historically governments have   shut down banks to prevent people from   withdrawing their money in times of   crisis. See Argentina circa 2001 or US   during Great Depression. The   government prevented people from   withdrawing their money and people   could do nothing while their money   rapidly lost value."" but in case Greece prevents people from withdrwaing money, those money are still in EURO, so i'm wondering what would be the effect. I mean would it be fair that a Greek guy can not withdraw is EURO money whilest an Italian guy can withdraw the same currency money in Italy?!"
"You probably bought the stock near the peak because ""it's been up a lot lately."" That's the easiest way to lose money. You need to go back and do some basic research. The stock appears to have been expensive around 75. Why is that? The stock seems to be in a ""comfortable"" level around 45. Why is THAT? Maybe it's too expensive around 45 (based on the P/E ratio, or other measures); maybe you should buy more at 45, where it is cheap, even though 75 is too expensive. The key is to study the stock where it is today (45-47). Ask yourself what you would do at TODAY's price, and today's ""fundamentals."" That will also save you from paying 75 for a stock worth 45, and should save you from paying 45 for a stock if it is only worth 35."
"You completely missed the point. There _are_ healthier options available today, so you're assuming people buy unhealthy processed foods simply because they want to (or are uninformed), neither of which l believe is the case for a majority of families that make up their main demographic.  For the single mom raising two kids on a modest (and yet still firmly ""middle class"") salary, it's already difficult enough to make ends meet. She doesn't buy organic simply because she doesn't want to, but _because she can't afford to_. Eliminating the cheap processed foods may be a good thing overall and longer term for society, but you're just going to make her situation even worse."
James Gaubert specialise in SEO, PPC, website design and development, social media, CRM, loyalty, PR and direct Marketing and have worked with award-winning brands in agencies like SlipStream, Potion, ICLP, LBi, and MRM//McCANN. James Gaubert started Bruce Clay Middle East with just one employee and now boast a client base of over 15 global brands, with a 100 per cent retention rate for annual contracts.
This is why I'll never be a CEO of anything. If I got all that money, and then didn't have a job, I'd for sure not be trying to get another one of those jobs. My ass would be gone. I don't care enough to try hard enough to ever get to that position. I have zero drive for that sort of thing. It doesn't even seem like a job I can understand someone wanting.
"This is fine, just have a plan before you go into it. Look up a co-ownership agreement contract off LegalZoom, they are like $15, or get a lawyer if you want. Decide if you want to be ""Joint tenants"" or ""Tenants in common"". You probably want to be joint tenants so that if one of you dies the property goes to the other person. Go through the agreement, make any changes you want, and then both sign it. These documents outline what happens if someone dies, or if you break up, or if you are allowed to sell your ownership, and anything else. Keep a record of who has paid what % of equity towards the house. Also look into tax laws, if the mortgage or house is only truly in 1 person's name they may get a tax break that the other person will not get. The co-ownership agreement is essentially the same agreement that happens when you're married, the only difference is that it happens automatically and implicitly when you're married. It's interesting that some people are saying this is a horrible idea when it's practically the same as the agreement you'd have if you were married. Whether you're single or married, if you own a house with another person and you break up, it's going to be a bit complicated. Get a contract in place beforehand so that things go as smoothly as possible. If you are both rational adults you shouldn't have any problems."
First off, let me just say that you are an intelligent individual, and regardless of how heated this conversation gets I really appreciate the opportunity to talk with you about this.  I definitely don't disagree with you that Germany **got** it's debt by a different means and that the mechanisms that kept it in debt are different from the mechanisms that are effecting us today, but the discussion we're having does have everything to do with debt! We've been deficit spending for generations and we're trillions in the hole, and that's the psychological issue hanging over our heads.  I'm not arguing with the accepted principles of Macroeconomics. In fact, what's just occurred to me is that we could put together another Bretton-Woods type conference (which would hopefully learn from the mistakes of the previous systems) so we can design a system that will keep inflation low while we dump money into the economy. From what I understand, inflation has always been lower while these (albiet flawed) previous systems were in place, and the issue in my mind with dumping money while the debt situation is such a concern, is that speculators could sh*t the bed and devalue our currency
"In England, currently and for most of the last fifty years, the standard length of the mortgage term is 25 years. A mortgage can be either a capital-and-interest mortgage, or interest-only. In the former, you pay off part of the original loan each month, plus the interest on the amount borrowed. In the latter, you only pay interest each month, and the original amount borrowed never reduces: you pay premiums on a life insurance policy, additionally, which is designed to pay off the original sum borrowed at the end of the 25 years. No one in England thinks that a 25 year loan has any drawbacks. The main point to appreciate is that the longer the period of the loan, the less you need to pay each month, because you are repaying the original loan - the capital - over a longer period of time. Thus, in principle, a mortgage is easier to repay the longer the term is, because the monthly payment is less. If you have a 12 year mortgage, you must pay back the original amount borrowed in half the time: the capital element in your payment each month is double what it would be if repaid over 25 years - i.e. if repaid over a period twice as long. Only if the borrower is less than 25 years away from retirement is a 25 years mortgage seen as a bad idea, by the lender - because, obviously, the lender relies on the borrower having an income sufficient to keep up the repayments. There are many complicating factors: an interest-only mortgage, where you pay back the original amount borrowed from the maturity proceeds from a life policy, puts you in a situation where the original capital sum never reduces, so you always pay the same each month. But on a straight repayment mortgage, the traditional type, you pay less and less each month as time goes by, for you are reducing the capital outstanding each month, and because that is reducing so is the amount of interest you pay each month (as this is calculated on the outstanding capital amount). There are snags to avoid, if you can. For example, some mortgage contracts impose penalties if the borrower repays more than the due monthly amount, hence in effect the borrower faces a - possibly heavy - financial penalty for early repayment of the loan. But not all mortgages include such a condition. If house prices are on a rising trend, the market value of the property will soon be worth considerably more than the amount owed on the mortgage, especially where the mortgage debt is reducing every month, as each repayment is made; so the bank or other lender will not be worried about lending over a 25 year term, because if it forecloses there should normally be no difficulty in recovering the outstanding amount from the sale proceeds. If the borrower falls behind on the repayments, or house prices fall, he may soon get into difficulties; but this could happen to anyone - it is not a particular problem of a 25 year term. Where a default in repayment occurs, the bank will often suggest lengthening the mortgage term, from 25 years to 30 years, in order to reduce the amount of the monthly repayment, as a means of helping the borrower. So longer terms than 25 years are in fact a positive solution in a case of financial difficulty.  Of course, the longer the term the greater the amount that the borrower will pay in total. But the longer the term, the less he will pay each month - at least on a traditional capital-and-interest mortgage. So it is a question of balancing those two competing factors.  As long as you do not have a mortgage condition that penalises the borrower for paying off the loan more quickly, it can make sense to have as long a term as possible, to begin with, which can be shortened by increasing the monthly repayment as fast as circumstances allow. In England, we used to have tax relief on mortgage payments, and so in times gone by it did make sense to let the mortgage run the full 25 years, in order to get maximum tax relief - the rules were very complex, but it tended to maximise your tax relief by paying over the longest possible period. But today, with no income tax relief given on mortgage payments, that is no longer a consideration in this country. The practical position is, of course, that you can never tell how long it might take you to pay off a mortgage. It is a gamble as to whether your income will rise in future years, and whether your job will last until your mortgage is paid off. You might fall ill, you might be made redundant, you might be demoted. Mortgage interest rates might rise. It is never possible to say that you ""can"" pay off the loan in a short time.  If you hope to do so, the only matters that actually fall within your control are the conditions of the mortgage contract itself. Get a good lawyer. Tell him to watch out for early-redemption penalties. Get a good financial adviser. Tell him to work out what you will need to pay in additional premiums on your life policy if you are considering taking an interest-only mortgage. Try to fix your mortgage rate in the first few years, for as long as possible, so that in your most vulnerable period, with the greatest amount owing, you are insulated against unexpected interest rate fluctuations. Only the initial conditions can be controlled, so it might be prudent to take as long a term as possible, even though a prudent borrower will leave himself room to reduce that term, and a prudent lender will leave room to extend it, in case of unpredictable changes in the financial circumstances. In England, most lenders are, in my experience, reluctant to grant mortgages for less than 25 years. That is simply a policy. Rightly or wrongly, the borrower usually has no choice about the length of the mortgbage term. Hence, in the UK it can be difficult to find a choice of interest rates based on differing mortgage terms. I am aware that the situation in the USA is rather different, but if I personally were faced with the choice I would be uncomfortable about taking on a short term mortgage, because of the factors I have outlined above."
Most of my coworkers and the number of crappy looking hybrids I see in traffic everyday would disagree with you about the status symbol bit.  Nobody wants an ugly car, but people give a crap about the money they're spending on gas.  The environment may not be the primary reason, but neither is status.  Having an cheap, efficient car you can comfortably commute in, is pretty valuable to most people.
&gt;Olsavsky’s answer came in response to a question from Douglas Anmuth, an analyst at J.P. Morgan Securities, on whether Amazon had considered using Whole Foods’ more than 400 brick-and-mortar stores to establish a physical pharmacy presence, which it has reportedly received wholesale licensing for in at least 12 states.   I think this is the natural next step to their retail strategy, especially given that Olsavsky declined to get specific on their pharmaceutical strategy. he did expand further on wanting to get their existing physical products in front of people:    &gt;I will say we do see a lot of opportunity with Whole Foods. As I said, there’ll be a lot of work together between Prime Now, AmazonFresh, Whole Foods, Whole Foods products on the Amazon site, Amazon Lockers at the Whole Foods stores. So, there’ll be a lot of integration, a lot of touch points and a lot of working together as we go forward. And we think we’ll be also developing new store formats and everything else just as we talked about in the past before Whole Foods: Amazon Books stores, Amazon Go, and the opportunity that that technology presents. We have on-campus bookstores.
You can hedge your house price from losing value if you believe that the housing market is correlated with major stock indices. Speak with a commodities broker because they will be able to help you buy puts on stock indices which if correlated with housing prices will offer somewhat of a hedge. Example. House prices drop 30% because of weak economy, stocks will generally drop around that same amount 30%. If you have enough exposure to in the puts compared to your house value you will be protected. You can also buy calls in 30 year bonds for interest rate lock if you are not on a fixed interest rate. Many investors like warren buffet and carl icahn have been protecting them selves from a potential market downward turn. Speak to a local commodity broker to get some detailed advice, not etrade or any discount brokers they won't be able to help you specialize your trades. look for a full time commodity broker house.
"Oh, so you were sarcastic.  &gt; And when Iran goes nuclear, Saudi Arabia will be quick to follow, and then Jordan and Turkey . .  Actually, the truth, all Arab/Muslim countries in the area (except Turkey recently) know that Israel have nuclear weapons, don't worry about it at all, and always relied on Israel to save them if they get attacked by nuclear weapons.  So, if Iran get nuclear weapons, which they will, then Israel will have ""treaty"" with all the Arab countries to protect them against Iran.  We will have peace in the middle east between Israel and all Arab countries (except the ""Palestinians""), as we will all be united against Iran."
"Excess Cash = Cash & Equivalents + Long-Term Investments - Current Liabilities The problem this calculation of excess cash is that ""long-term investments"" can be illiquid things like real estate. Another flaw is that it gives no credit for Current Assets, like receivables, which can be used to offset Current Liabilities. The first thing I'd do is ""net out"" Current Assets and Current Liabilities, then add Cash back in.  Excess Cash = Current Assets - Current Liabilities + Cash & Equivalents. It would be nice if GAAP would require Long-Term Investments to be broken out as a) liquid long-term investments (stocks, bonds) b) illiquid long-term investments (real estate, private equity, etc)"
The future of shopping will belong to those who are able to capitalize on some of the biggest retail industry challenges amidst increasing competition: deeper consumer engagement, cross channel strategy, rapid product innovation, cost efficiencies, value chain integration and more.
Although a green economy would be great for the world, renewable energy cannot be widely adopted as the sole energy source until transportation of electric becomes more efficient. We are dependent on energy from chemical potential because it can stored and transported with ease. Hopefully technology will advance to allow renewables to be transported, but in 2017 it is not possible to have a completely green economy
Jasmine Coconut Oil is a popular nutritional oil derived from the meat of matured coconuts and gently soothe onto skin daily or as needed when skin feels thirsty &amp; needs comfort. M.M. Ayurvedic are manufacturer of jasmine coconut oil and located in Kolkata. Their team consists of highly qualified professionals who are experts in their respective fields.
&gt;Banks benefit from lower interest rates because it decreases the rate at which they can borrow from the Federal Reserve from.  But what matters is the spread: if rates on the borrowing and lending side go down, the spread % shrinks, which makes banks less profitable. That's why bank stocks go up when higher rates are anticipated. You can think of a bank stock as being long interest rates.  That's why bank stocks have lagged the rest of the market during this long bull market.  &gt;Bank's Assets aren't all debt  The vast majority is for most banks. GS and MS are the rare exceptions.
"There's several approaches to the stock market. The first thing you need to do is decide which you're going to take. The first is the case of the standard investor saving money for retirement (or some other long-term goal). He already has a job. He's not really interested in another job. He doesn't want to spend thousands of hours doing research. He should buy mutual funds or similar instruments to build diversified holdings all over the world. He's going to have is money invested for years at a time. He won't earn spectacular amazing awesome returns, but he'll earn solid returns. There will be a few years when he loses money, but he'll recover it just by waiting. The second is the case of the day trader. He attempts to understand ultra-short-term movements in stock prices due to news, rumors, and other things which stem from quirks of the market and the people who trade in it. He buys a stock, and when it's up a fraction of a percent half an hour later, sells it. This is very risky, requires a lot of attention and a good amount of money to work with, and you can lose a lot of money too. The modern day-trader also needs to compete with the ""high-frequency trading"" desks of Wall Street firms, with super-optimized computer networks located a block away from the exchange so that they can make orders faster than the guy two blocks away. I don't recommend this approach at all. The third case is the guy who wants to beat the market. He's got long-term aspirations and vision, but he does a lot more research into individual companies, figures out which are worth buying and which are not, and invests accordingly. (This is how Warren Buffett made it big.) You can make it work, but it's like starting a business: it's a ton of work, requires a good amount of money to get going, and you still risk losing lots of it.  The fourth case is the guy who mostly invests in broad market indexes like #1, but has a little money set aside for the stocks he's researched and likes enough to invest in like #3. He's not going to make money like Warren Buffett, but he may get a little bit of an edge on the rest of the market. If he doesn't, and ends up losing money there instead, the rest of his stocks are still chugging along. The last and stupidest way is to treat it all like magic, buying things without understanding them or a clear plan of what you're going to do with them. You risk losing all your money. (You also risk having it stagnate.) Good to see you want to avoid it. :)"
BBA major with concentration in accounting, after landing an internship at a well known community bank as a credit analyst summer intern I'm considering shifting my focus to a career in finance/banking.  Throwaway account:   I like the work I'm  doing now, and know it can be very rewarding and competitive, so I'm considering doing this or something similar as a career, if it's feasible.  Work consists of Small business loans mostly, companies with mid seven figure revenue on the high end. I mostly do spreads and underwriting.  This is all new to me. I'm very familiar with recruiting in accounting and the opportunities available to me there, but finance is new to me as a focus. Any advice on where to start? What jobs would my internship look good applying to, and how could I make the leap to an investment banking/ M&amp;A role in the future?  Ancillary info:  4.0, non-focus school, decent personal skills and a heavy focus on volunteering. I've started networking but I'm in my senior year and most of it has been focused on accounting. Looking to focus more on networking over the remainder of the internship.  I would appreciate any insight or resource you could point me to, thanks.
Defined benefit pension funds will typically target treasuries + a spread that depends on how well funded the plan is and the duration of the liabilities. So for example, if a DB fund is 90% funded (meaning assets are 90% of liabilities) and the liabilities have a duration of 20 years, they will target the 20 year treasury rate + a spread that will bring the plan to just over 100% funded in around 20 years. This spread will usually be much lower than 8% p.a. Obviously it's much more complicated than this, but hopefully this gives a general idea.
At least Fry's offers some ridiculous sales if you're willing to wait for them.  I haven't used them myself for any major purchases because I'm originally from the east coast, and now I'd rather just pay a bit more at Amazon to be guaranteed a hassle-free experience.  That being said, I've *still* been tempted once or twice.
I'm guessing it depends on how much you'd be paying for membership. If you save more than the membership costs you and you actually use the products you buy and they don't get thrown away, then it's worth it. I'm not a member of a warehouse club but I do have a membership for another wholesale outlet, so I know a little bit about buying in bulk.  You need to take the same approach to buying goods wholesale as you would in an ordinary outlet, and do a few more things besides. Things like writing a list and sticking to it, making that list logically, so that you minimise the amount of time you spend walking around the shop. The less you see, the less you are likely to buy. Don't be taken in by offers, it's only a bargain if it's something you would have bought anyway. Don't shop on an empty stomach or with you children. And with bulk buying, you have to stick to things with long dates, unless your family gets through something at a phenomenal rate. Things like pet food are good, sugar too if you do a lot of home baking, that kind of thing. Toilet paper and kitchen roll are great to buy in bulk if you have the storage space and toothbrushes are good too. You'll always need them, always need to replace them, they don't take up much space and don't have a use by.  The rules differ from family to family. Look at what your family uses and how much time it takes to get through something. That's the best place to start.
"[This is the simple solution.](http://market-ticker.org/akcs-www?singlepost=3041628)  ""Since the Securities and Exchange Act requires that all orders must be intended to execute there's a simple way to prevent this sort of nanosecond game, where any part of the strategy involves ""flashing"" an order that isn't really intended to execute and thus clear through the exchange: Force all orders to be valid for two full seconds or until executed."""
"For the Google impaired:  McDonald's Corp. MCD +0.26%  on Friday reported its worst monthly calendar-adjusted global same-store sales since early 2003 as it deals with a meat-supplier scandal in China and continued weakness in the U.S.  Global sales fell 2.5% in July, far worse than expected. The steepest drop came in its Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa region, where sales at existing locations slumped 7.3% last month. Analysts expected a 0.5% drop in that region.  The bigger problem for the company is continued weakness in the U.S., its largest market in terms of restaurants. For July, McDonald's reported the ninth consecutive month of negative or flat same-store sales growth in the U.S.—its longest stretch without growth in its core market since 2003.  The world's biggest restaurant chain and its chief executive of the past two years, Don Thompson, are currently wrestling with significant challenges on multiple fronts. McDonald's has lost sales momentum over the past year in its home market as U.S. consumers defect to fast food rivals such as Burger King Worldwide Inc. BKW +0.15%  or fast casual chains like Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. CMG -0.32%  Analysts are beginning to wonder how McDonald's will get the chain growing again. ""While we admire McDonald's global footprint, strong brand, and proven business model, without clear comp drivers to act as catalysts, we remain unconvinced of a substantial reacceleration in results,"" Bernstein analyst Sara Senatore said.  In its core market, McDonald's is also contending with an intensifying campaign to improve wages and other conditions for fast-food workers. The National Labor Relations Board determined last month that McDonald's could be treated as a joint employer with its franchisees in labor complaints, which could make the company liable for the actions of its franchisees. The decision by the NLRB's general counsel came in response to complaints alleging that McDonald's and its franchisees violated the rights of employees involved in protests seeking higher wages and the right to organize. McDonald's vowed to fight the decision.  Also last month, McDonald's suffered a major setback in China, which had been a bright spot for its global growth, when authorities accused a supplier of selling expired meat to McDonald's and other fast-food outlets. The meat, from Shanghai Husi Food Co., a subsidiary of longtime McDonald's supplier OSI Group Inc. of the U.S., had been sold to restaurants in China, Japan and other markets that account for approximately 10% of global systemwide sales.  McDonald's cut ties with Shanghai Husi, forcing it to halt sales of burgers and chicken McNuggets at many of its more than 2,000 restaurants in China as it worked to find alternative suppliers. The chain said Monday it hoped within a week to return those items to the menus.  McDonald's previously indicated that full-year 2014 global comparable sales were expected to be relatively flat, but now the company is saying the China supplier issue has put its global sales forecast for 2014 at risk.  ""Going forward, McDonald's is undertaking recovery strategies to restore customers' trust and confidence"" in those markets, the company said Friday.  Investors took the news on Friday with relative calm, with McDonald's shares gaining 24 cents to close at $93.55. Still, the stock—which nearly tripled in value from 2002 through 2011 and was one of the best performers during the recession—has risen just over 5% since Mr. Thompson took over in July 2012, underperforming key indexes and the shares of major rivals.  The U.S., home to more than 14,000 of McDonald's 35,000-plus global restaurants, has been particularly challenging for McDonald's, where the company has said it has lost relevance with consumers. U.S. sales declined 3.2% in July, worse than the 2.6% decline analysts expected.  Mr. Thompson recently told investors the company first needs to repair the fundamentals, such as staffing restaurants appropriately during peak hours, and noted that the company is working to streamline its menu as previous efforts to roll out numerous menu items complicated kitchen operations and slowed service.  ""McDonald's U.S. remains focused on enhancing its customer relevance and appeal through service, value and menu initiatives,"" the company said Friday.  McDonald's set up a so-called learning lab last September in Laguna Niguel, Calif., where it is testing customizable burgers. The company also opened a digital office in San Francisco in June where it is developing mobile ordering and payment initiatives and digital marketing strategies.  Sales at existing restaurants in Europe rose 0.5%, led by positive performance in France and the U.K., which was partially offset by negative performance in Germany and Russia.  —Anna Prior contributed to this article.  Write to Julie Jargon at julie.jargon@wsj.com"
The big news houses have struggled to grasp the crypto space. Most articles by Bloomberg etc are riddled with errors, but in time, the quality and depth of analysis will improve. Though many are quick to call bubble, one can argue that the crypto space had its bubble before it crashed, largely before there was any improvement or development in the tech. Today, there is heavy investment and development, including many Fortune 500 companies who have joined EEA. The winners and losers will shake out, and only then will large institutional investors begin to consider this as an investable space (largely as hedges against adverse affects in other currencies and asset classes).
Not all his restaurants are geographically close to each other. He tends to run higher-end places that emphasize fresh ingredients, so sourcing from packaged goods suppliers like Sysco that emphasize convenience for a price and trade off of some quality could adversely impact his top and bottom lines. His buyers might head up localized buying co-ops with other restaurants to buy in committed quantities from local suppliers in exchange for substantial discounts. An unenviable challenge.
"Assuming that the assets in the ""old"" TFSA are in cash, you could simply withdraw the money and redeposit it in the ""new"" TFSA, in the following year!!. The yearly limit is on your gross deposits for the year, not the net. This method obviously works best near the end of December.  You should expect the new TFSA to briefly question the amount;  they don't want to help you make a costly mistake. At other times, the direct transfer in @Grade EhBacon's answer would be better."
Remember battlestar gallactica? I thought it was fucking awful but the reason the ship survived is because they use shitty technology that isn't networked. So in the event of a war, one computer virus (like say Stuxnet) won't KO the subs because they're all running on old technology.
Supplier of Quartz Grit in India http://quartzpowdermanufacturers.com/supplier-of-quartz-grit-in-india.php Shri Vinayak Industries is offering high grade Quartz Grit. We produce finely processed Quartz Grit by our super efficient production unit. We are dominant supplier, Manufacturer and exporter of Quartz Grit. These products are safe to use. Our products are available in various specifications. Before introducing in market our products are tested for their optimum quality. Our products are well known in market for their rich chemical and physical properties.  Our mineral products are chemically stable, highly effective and efficient and in accurate composition. Our packaging materials are quality approved and it provide complete safety to quartz grit product. Comprehensive range of quartz grit is available for varying applications.
You are not allowed to pick and choose what years to take a loss once the stock/fund is sold.  While I realize it might be too late for you to do anything now, in the future if members should read this, they might consider doing a Roth conversion during that year they will have $3000 in losses. This way they will show some income that can be offset by that loss, effectively getting a free conversion to the Roth.
"Manufacturers sometimes give incentives to car dealers to ensure that the prior year models are sold out before the year is up.  However, dealers are usually pretty smart on only ordering the cars they know they can sell before this happens.  Also, manufacturers are usually pretty good about only producing enough vehicles to cover demand.   Honestly, you aren't likely to see these incentives materialize unless the manufacturer really screwed up.   If that happens then three things occur.  First is that manufacturers give a hidden incentive to the dealers.  Dealers won't publicize this, even internally.  If the cars are still not moving after a month, then the dealers will tell the salespeople that those cars have a specific ""bonus"" on them.  If those cars still don't sell, then the bonus inflates quite a bit and dealers begin advertising that car at a deep discount on the radio.  It's pretty much guaranteed to sell at that point. Barring those circumstances, the deal you get on a brand new car, late in the model year, is likely to be the same you could have gotten early in the model year.   Honestly, if you want the best deal possible, look at the date of the inspection sticker on the car.  If it is close to the 3 month mark then the dealer will bend over backwards to sell the car as the finance costs are racking up on it.  They'll often sell that one at heavy discounts."
Tesla has over $8B in depreciated PP&amp;E on the books, and long-term debt and capital leases approx. $7B prior to the debt issuance.  Depending on the priority of claim on the $1.5B of new issuance, taking a position on the bonds might have some decent security on liquidated Tesla assets.
Horrible comparison. The banks had a government plan save them. Plus, just because you may understand the top-down financial fuckery that went on, don't think that the average lay-person did.  To the average person now however, he dun took drugs an' cheated
Flying within Europe, I have had Swiss refusing to let me take a cabin trolley and a small laptop bag on board. I'm not so worri d about pickup at the aircraft but I don't want to wait at baggage claim.
It's a serious problem for traditional cinema: while I personally really enjoyed some recent films less critically-acclaimed like Ghost in the Shell's remake and more widely well-received films like It and Blade Runner 2049, the industry is clearly in a slump numbers-wise.  With Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, YouTube, and of course torrenting - it is harder to get as many people to the cinemas consistently.   It's a bit sad - at the surface, it would seem that if a series of really quality, however imperfect fall blockbuster films like It and and 2049 cannot sufficiently act as a defibrillator for the industry, it's not the type/quality of movies that are the only problem.   We're still getting plenty of action movies, superhero movies, Disney family movies, war movies, classic remakes, and romcoms...but people are choosing to go less.    For the foreseeable future - this is the new normal.  Fewer people are guying to movie theatres and the ones that do will go less often.  Cinema and Film companies are going to need to work within a model where a film opens to less people and will still be able to make money on the back-end with digital/online release.  I think there will always be a niche for people who want to see a movie when it's new on the big screen - so in the long run, I think the more premium cinemas like Alamo Drafthouse with the more premium experience with stylish contemporary theaters with comfortable seats, food, alcohol, etc will still get people in the door.  AMC and Regal will need to adapt to this model too and in some major cities, already are trying - AMC might be having slightly more success at this so far, but we'll see.  The industry will probably need to begin to operate more like a niche premium product in order to survive.
I don't know about anyone else, but I see this going as well as the self-service checkout counters at the grocery store. This isn't a tactic to speed up our experience - its a tactic to enhance the bottom line of an already dehumanizing and money-centric travel industry.
A premium car rental agency will sell a car which is working very well and quite far from the verge of breaking apart. They don't want to take the risk that one of their premium customers paying premium rates receives a worn-looking car which runs less than absolutely perfect (or even breaks down). They need to keep up their premium reputation. These premium agency also have a major marketing impact for the car industry. That's probably the main reason why they receive such massive discounts (see thelem's post). Obviously, the Mercedes Benz AMG Edition rental car will have a lasting impression on the driver (and the people not renting it, but seeing the boastful ads of the car rental company). So both the car industry and the rental company want this lasting impression to be a perfect one. A holiday car rental agency may have much lower standards. They often don't have recurring customers. They don't rent premium cars to premium customers but cheap cars to cheap customers.They don't receive the discounts the premium agencies receive. And they will milk their car to the max. You will notice that they windows fall out of the car when you bang the door shut. You will find that opening the door will be more difficult than breaking into the car. The seats may be stained - at least in the spots where some of the upholsters is still present. On the plus side, if you are lucky, the heating still works. On the minus side, you might not be able to turn it off. Water might leak into the car when it's raining, but that's not much of a problem as it will drain out through the holes in the bottom. No fear that water might rush in through these holes when driving though a puddle - the engine will not start during humid weather, so that's a non-issue. In any case, car rental customer might have mistreated the car. The engine has most probably not been run in. However, this appears to be less than an issue with modern car than it has been in the past. And very very few rental car drivers think that they really have to absolutely emulate Michael Schumacher just because they drive a car which is not their own. And anyway, that is a risk you take with about any used car.
I thought the same. Money as a transferable item is against future items, and debt is a transferable item against future money, which is also seen as a much farther into the future item.  Money = tomorrows item. Debt = tomorrows money = (tomorrows item)(time +1); or longer if we agree to pay it off over 20 years  Interestingly I have seen a writeup on why gold is the material of choice.   If someone can find this it would be great but I will try write from memory, Google is not helping. The story is something like this:  Essentially when trading a material for jewellery we had difficulty finding what material to use. Obviously it must be something hardy and tough, but not common. Metals are the obvious choice, although crystalline structures like gems and opals are useful. The reason for metals are that they can easily and repeatably be shaped into a form that will be aesthetically pleasing and hold its shape.   But which specific metal is to be chosen; obviously it must be chemically stable, so potassium magnesium and those metal like elements are removed from contention. It must be rare so items like lead, iron and copper are too common, although not worthless.  The most stable, malleable and rare materials are Platinum, Silver and Gold.   Platinum requires too high a melting point to be suitable; the requirements to smelt and handle it as a material are too high. Not to deny the value but the common use it prohibitive.   Silver is easier to handle, but tends to tarnish. Continuous upkeep is required and this becomes a detraction of its full value.  Finally Gold, rare, low melting point, resistant to tarnishing and oxidation, rare, malleable and pretty. A sweet spot of all materials.
"If you're ""living off the land"" and make no money, then you don't have to file.  Though you might be able to actually make money through credits and the like if you do file. If you've lost more than you've made, then you'll probably need to file since someone will have needed to report that they paid you (W-2 or 1099-MISC).  If the IRS receives a form saying that you made X and you don't file, they aren't going to just take your word for it that you lost more than you made, right?  That, and if you want a refund, you'll almost certainly need to file to get it."
"Wireless capabilities see Nikola tesla every type of communication outside of the walkie talkie really was created without the government. So the fact that i was born here against my own free will automatically gives the government the right to seize the fruits of my labor? This is where this bullshit statist logic falls apart because the only rebuttal you have is ""well just leave then!"" Which is fucking stupid and in pretty sure I already gave you 1 way but I'll say it again cuz it's clear you're incapable of following along, federal sales tax. With federal sales tax there are no deductions or coercion. Also the more money individuals have in their pocket  (disposable income) the more likely they are to spend and grow the economy. That's why you see countries like Sweden with insane tax rates seeing limited growth and in a lot of cases on the verge of an economic collapse. So if people have more disposable income causing them to have more purchasing power a federal sales tax would probably do better than an income tax and the people would receive something tangible instead of just losing 25% of their pay check. Btw don't ever say my income tax pays for roads because they don't that's what a gas tax is for. A majority of our infrastructure is paid for with revenue from other taxes not income. Income taxes pay mostly into military budget and social programs ie social security"
I agree with a lot of what you said, and I know a great many esteemed economists are trying to point the big finger of blame at the rating agencies who could have and should have scrutinized what they were evaluating as opposed to capitulating because of cash. However, you did not mention leveraging. Leveraging, when left unchecked becomes very dangerous. Although you have an opportunity to make far more than the initial investment would supply without the added leverage, any loss becomes exponentially more devastating, and quickly your loss from this one transaction is more than your initial investment. Not to mention when everyone finds out, and nobody wants to buy the bullshit funds you were peddling, and you can't repay the person who gave you leverage.......then kabbboooom
Fomblin oil is great to use in rotary vacuum pumps. This particular fluid makes for excellent base oils for high temperature and high performance. Indeed Fomblin can infuse exceptionally long service life with its incredible lubricant properties and increase the efficiency level of the vacuum pump with absolute ease.
No, you cannot. If you withdraw everything from all your Roth IRA's and end up with less than the total basis - you can deduct the difference on your schedule A (at the time of the last withdrawal) as an itemized deduction (as misc. deductions with 2% AGI cap). Regular IRA's are pre-tax, you cannot deduct anything from them.
There are a couple of cases where I'd argue in favor of the 401k: Employer matching - If the employer matches your contributions, then it makes sense to get these additional investments which if you are in a low bracket may exist as highly-compensated employees may want those in the lower brackets to contribute as much as they can. Investment options - If the employer has enough assets in the plan, there could be access to institutional versions of those funds.  For example, compare Vanguard Institutional Index Instl Pl (VIIIX) with Vanguard 500 Index Inv (VFINX), where the expense ratio in the former is just .02% while the latter is .17%.  Granted this is a minor difference in expenses, there is something to be said for how much a .15% drag year over year could add up.
In some country's even retail competitors set up a cartel like scheme and they pressure the fuck out of farmer and producers to drop prices, and obey to their promotion's.  It's like they give them the volume to expand, and now that you are in a whole other level of production cut down prices or you'll be left with perishable goods with a limited shelf life, and no one to buy them.
You should find out the largest collection of silicone gel sheets, from where you can buy in affordable price. The EasyMeds Health is one of the most online seller where you can trust. Here available in affordable silicone gel sheets, the silicone gel sheets are low cost, it is easy to use and help you. The silicone gel sheets are clinically proven to help the reduction of red, dark or raised scars, old and new. We ensure that you are in control of your health and if something needs attention.
"I would strongly consider renting; as homes are often viewed by people as ""investments"" but in reality they are costs, just like renting. The time-frame for return is so long, the interest rate structure in terms of your mortgage payments; if you buy, you must be prepared to and willing to stay at minimum 7-10 years; because anything can happen. Hot markets turn cold. Or stale, and just the closing costs will cause it be less advantageous to renting.  Before buying a property, ask yourself does it meet these 5 criteria:  IDEAL I - Income; the property will provide positive cash flow through renters.  D - Depreciation; tax savings.  E - Equity; building equity in the property- the best way is through interest only loans. There is NO reason to pay any principle on any property purchase. You do 5 year interest only loans; keep your payments low; and build equity over time as the property price rises. Look how much ""principle"" you actually pay down over the first 7 years on a 30 year mortgage. Virtually Nil.  A - Appreciation - The property will over time go up in value. Period. There is no need to pay any principle. Your Equity will come from this... time.  L - Leverage; As the property becomes more valuable; you will have equity stake, enabling you to get higher credit lines, lines of equity credit, to purchase more properties that are IDEA.  When you are RICH, MARRIED, and getting ready for a FAMILY, then buy your home and build it.  Until then, rent, it will keep your options open. It will keep your costs low. It will protect you from market downturns as leases are typically only 1 year at most. You will have freedom. You will not have to deal with repairs. A new Water Heater, AC unit, the list goes on and on. Focus on making money, and when you want to buy your first house. Buy a duplex; rent it out to two tenants, and make sure it's IDEAL."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2017/09/are-index-funds-evil/534183/) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Best of all for their investors, index funds have consistently beaten the performance of stock-pickers and actively managed funds, whose higher fees may support the Manhattan lifestyle of many bankers, but turn out not to deliver much to customers.  &gt; One journal article argues that large index funds are violating antitrust law; another recommends a limit on index funds owning stock in more than one company in an industry.  &gt; Azar emphasized to me that common ownership is less problematic if index funds own only a small share of a company&amp;#039;s stock, or if the company has other very large shareholders who don&amp;#039;t also own shares in the company&amp;#039;s competitors.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6tb4aa/are_index_funds_bad_for_the_economy/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~189518 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Common**^#1 **company**^#2 **funds**^#3 **Ownership**^#4 **index**^#5"
Black Cabs arent allowed to do this. If they do, say you cant pay. They can call the police, but the police will tell them that they should have said the machine was broken when you got in the cab. It will still cost you £20,000,000 though.
Use a remitting service such as Ria Money Transfer. Almost all these services allow you to transfer upto $2999 at a time. So, you would be able to transfer the entire amount of $4500 within 2 business days(There is a monthly limit too, but it will definitely be more than $4500). There are no fees to use these services, but they do scrape off a bit on the currency rate. As of today you are getting 624 GBP for $1000 whereas the market rate is $641.95. You still save roughly $17 and 4 transactions, which adds up to more than $100. Here is a link to Ria's website. Other services, include Xoom, Western Union, Money Dart and Money Gram.
Along with the above reasons, the fact that DHA are under investigation by the Federal Police, should be a red flag to any potential investor. The Federal Police aren't called in over parking fines.  The rules that are in place for effective and appropriate management appear to have been compromised. I would like to see DHA's marketing people explain why the Department of Finance called in the Feds. To clarify further, with any investment, the potential investor must satisfy beyond any doubt whether there's a problem with an individual or with the way the organisation is managed as a whole. Look at the Big Four banks. To complete the research I suggest wait until DHA release an appropriate public statement (hopefully a sensible one that is honest- but don't hold your breath). I can see parallels with the recent scandal with HSU. When management is being led away in handcuffs it may be too late to change your mind.
"is this going to turn into one of those oh-so-common cases where you demand an example, and then when I actually give you an example, you will just say ""lol that doesn't count for such and such reasons, give me another"" and we end up in an endless loop where you keep just moving the goalposts?  medieval Iceland. There was no government, just various local chiefs. people could voluntarily choose to join under a chief if they wanted, who would provide them with legal protection in return for whatever form of payment/service. legal disputes within a chieftain's ""clan"" were solved privately, as were disputes between rival clans. There was effectively no government. This lasted for a few hundred years, eventually a Norwegian king basically garnered support and eventually took over.  it wasn't perfect anarcho-capitalism, but it was certainly a society without a government, and it did relatively well."
Marriott is an international company that has developments abroad which can act as a buffer for volatility.  People aren’t going to stop traveling, they just won’t come here and Marriott can take advantage of that with their properties abroad, but there are plenty of other companies that can’t.   You may not buy it because you’re too busy sucking Trumps dick, but you’re missing one other important fact.  Guess which countries we get the most tourists from... I’ll give you a hint one of them eat lots of tacos and the other likes maple syrup. We get almost half of our tourism from Mexico and Canada.  Mexico accounts for a full quarter of our tourism.    http://tinet.ita.doc.gov/view/m-2016-I-001/table1.asp  The argument isn’t about the economy overall.  It’s about the tourism sector.  Trump is lucky that Obama set him up with a strong economy, but he still manages to threaten it.  And he’s really threatening the tourism sector of our economy.    I’m not going to hold your hand while you suck Trumps dick.  You’re going to have to pull your head out of your ass yourself.  If you want to remain skeptical it’s your right.  You can remain ignorant all you want.  After all, Trump rose to power on people’s skepticism of experts.  If that’s the road you want to follow good for you but do the rest of the country a favor and go fuck off to some deserted island where you can shoot yourself in the foot without hurting the rest of us.  This shit isn’t hard to understand.  You just can’t admit that your hero is actively fucking this country over.  Like I said, do your fellow countrymen a favor and fuck off.  The country would be much better off if all you Trump supporting idiots removed yourself from politics and stopped trying to intervene in issues you don’t understand.
There's a company in my town that is notorious for refusing to hire people over 35.  They prefer to hire 20-somethings, work them them to exhaustion, and then dump them by the side of the road, career-wise, with the 20-something clutching a good reference letter in their hand if they're lucky.  I would love to work 3 days a week.  In truth, as a Veteran with chronic pain I sleep so lousy, and I'm so poorly integrated socially, that work is the primary place where I interact with people, so I keep on with it because the alternative is me sitting at home listening to my neighbour's dog howling the song of the damned for hours, or hearing their blaring telly as they drink themselves into a stupor and then leave the damned thing on all night after they eventually pass out.  I really thought retirement age would be better, but I closed on this place and I'm stuck here for a while.
That explains the ridiculously shit customer experience I've had (I'm not originally from Aus). Energex sent 3 technicians 3 separate times to connect the power to my unit but I still had no power, and claimed I was lying....only for me to find out 6 weeks later they had hooked power to the wrong (empty) apartment!   But it doesn't matter. We still have to pay them since they're the only distributor here in QLD :(
After doing this many times, my preferred method is: The reason being that the US banks will use every chance possible to take your money in fees. Usually the German bank website will tell you what the current exchange rate. You were correct in selecting Transfer in $ and got the exchange rate. In my experience if you transfer in Euros, the US bank at the other end, will take about 3-5%, because they can. Selecting OUR means that you only have the fee taken out by the Source bank. By doing shared, it looks like both banks took their full fee. If you chose OUR, I'm fairly certain you just would have paid the 1.50 and the 20. Chase would not have taken the 15.
An LLC is a very flexible company when it comes to taxation.  You have three basic tax options: There are other good reasons to create an LLC (mainly to protect your personal assets) so even if you decide that you don't want to deal with the complications of an S-Corp LLC, you should still consider creating a sole proprietorship LLC.
The one thing I would like to add to Ben's answer is that you will be lucky to get out of this with no proceeds.   So that 30-40K paid for the timeshare maybe a total loss. If this purchase was financed with the timeshare used as collateral you may need to pay it off prior to being released. One tactic I heard used is to offer the sales team, that sold you the timeshare, a bonus for selling yours instead of one out of inventory.  Assuming their commission is typically 25% of the sales price, you might consider offering them 40% or some higher figure.  Doing it this way, you will have all the slick marketing on your side probably generating the highest amount of revenue possible. Timeshares are really bad deals.  If you know this you can score some cheap vacations by attending their seminars and continuing to say no.  The wife and I recently got back from a nice trip to Aruba mostly paid for with airline points, and a 2 hour timeshare tour.
Or you know, going from 28k to 50k because I got my degree was 100% worth the 66k of debt I took out to fund myself. Spending 100k overall to get my wife and me through school bumped our pay by 40k a year.   In honesty, even a lot of risk-averse people look at school and think it's a great plan because, by and large, in-demand degrees pay for themselves quickly when the economy isn't in a recession.   edit: to further clarify, a lot of our debt was used for daycare and paying our mortgage and bills while we did school. The tuition itself was almost entirely paid for through grants and scholarships. It wasn't like playing the lottery, it was a methodical and logical approach to handling our finances that led us both to agree that quitting work for a couple years was worthwhile, and we had the credit and FICO score to pull it off.
Disallowed losses due to the wash sale rule are added to the basis of the repurchased shares.  In your example, on day two you paid $0.70 per share. Then the disallowed $0.30 loss from the previous day gets added to the basis, making your total basis $1.00 per share. When you sell at the end of the day for $1.00 per share, your net gain/loss is zero. Furthermore, you can recapture disallowed losses by selling the last lot of ABC, completely divesting yourself of all holdings in ABC for at least 31 days. Even if that last lot was a loss, when taking into account the increased basis from previously disallowed wash sale losses, you can claim the loss fully on this last, non-wash sale.
You can buy stocks in the IRA, similarly to your regular investment account. Generally, when you open an account with a retail provider like TDAmeritrade, all the options available for you on that account are allowable. Keep in mind that you cannot just deposit money to IRA. There's a limit on how much you can deposit a year ($5500 as of 2015, $6500 for those 50 or older), and there's also a limit on top of that - the amount you deposit into an IRA cannot be more than your total earned income (i.e. income from work). In addition, there are limits on how much of your contribution you can deduct (depending on your income and whether you/your spouse have an employer-sponsored retirement plan).
The numbers aside (I'd not assume 12%/yr) there is no limit to the balance. There are 401(k) accounts that have great matching and profit sharing deposits putting the per year limit closer to $45k, combine that with company stock in, say, Apple which has risen 60 fold this past decade, and balances in the tens of millions are possible.
Yes and no. This really should be taught at junior school level in a capitalist country but that is a different argument. A company is influenced by its shareholders but not in the way you are hoping. This is the only area where a Company must behave democratically with one share one vote. If you own one share in a company (specifically a voting share), then you are entitled to attend an AGM where you will have a vote on issues presented by the board. You might have an opportunity to make a statement or ask a question at the AGM, but I wouldn't rely on it. You will not be able to influence the companies behavior beyond that unless you control enough shares to influence the board. Notice I said 'control' not 'own'. If you get other shareholders to agree to vote with you, then you effectively control their shares. Shareholders are there to get a return on their investment, so you must convince them that they will get a better return by agreeing with you then by following the board (that they put there!). Convince them that (for example) a trespass lawsuit will rob the company of more value then the profit to be made and they might agree to not trespass. Morals, ethics, justice etc., are human attributes and since most shareholders are other corporations not humans, they have no place in your arguments with one exception; Goodwill is a value that appears on a balance sheet and you might be able to use emotional arguments to show that there is a risk of a loss of goodwill from the proposed actions. You can make your argument stronger by generating media pressure on customers and suppliers of the company to make critical public comments.
**Athenian democracy**  Athenian democracy developed around the fifth century BC in the Greek city-state (known as a polis) of Athens, comprising the city of Athens and the surrounding territory of Attica, and is the first known democracy in the world. Other Greek cities set up democracies, most following the Athenian model, but none are as well documented as Athens'.  It was a system of direct democracy, in which participating citizens voted directly on legislation and executive bills. Participation was not open to all residents: to vote one had to be an adult, male citizen i.e.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/economy/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot) ^| [^Donate](https://www.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/donate)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28
tl;dr: Call them. I'd be very surprised if you have a problem. I used to have have a policy with Geico, and would pay for my car insurance 6 months at a time. About 2 months into my last period, I purchased a house. Unfortunately, Geico didn't offer homeowners insurance in my state, so I ended switching to another company that offered a better auto+home combined policy.  Since I had already paid for 6 months of coverage, I figured I'd just be stuck being double-covered for 4 months. So, I didn't bother doing anything until the end of the 6 months and called them to cancel the auto-renewal thinking what I've already paid was a sunk cost. The asked me why I was canceling and I explained the situation and they backdated the cancellation to when I got my policy with the other company and Geico issued me a refund for the time there was overlap.  Considering that they did that for a leaving customer, I'd expect them to be able to cancel the policy on a new car of a current paying customer with no issues.
Lipper publishes data on the flow of funds in / out of stock and bond funds: http://www.lipperusfundflows.com Robert Shiller works on stock market confidence indices that are published by Yale: http://som.yale.edu/faculty-research/our-centers-initiatives/international-center-finance/data/stock-market-confidence
Bank of America is the worst. Once I had a joint account with another individual that I had funded out of my account to make payroll.   When I found out that he had screwed two other people by stealing the payroll money I decided to disburse it myself and transferred it back to my corporate account on which I was the only signer.  He went back to the bank and effected a withdrawal from my account to the tune of tens of thousands of dollars, put the money in the joint account and removed me as a signer.   The bank wouldn't give me my money back and I never collected from him.  Another time I tried to close my sons' accounts which were in inactive status.  Every day for a week they told me they could not close the account until it was active, but they were working on making it active.  Chase could do this in a minute.  I finally went to a branch and loudly informed the manager that maybe the bank was insolvent and that I should call the FDIC to see why they won't release my money.  He wanted to take me into his office.  I told him loudly, I know all about DDAs, Savings and CDs, I have run deposit operations for a major bank and wrote software to process them.  Just put a hold on the account, write me two cashiers check and offset them with a suspense voucher.  You do know how to write a suspense voucher don't you? It's just a general ledger entry to a suspense account.  Well he was so embarassed he would do anything to get me out of the branch and gave me the cashier's checks.  Fuck B of A.
"First, keep in mind that there are generally 2 ways to buy a corporation's shares: You can buy a share directly from the corporation. This does not happen often; it usually happens at the Initial Public Offering [the first time the company becomes ""public"" where anyone with access to the stock exchange can become a part-owner], plus maybe a few more times during the corporations existence. In this case, the corporation is offering new ownership in exchange for a price set the corporation (or a broker hired by the corporation).  The price used for a public offering is the highest amount that the company believes it can get - this is a very complicated field, and involves many different methods of evaluating what the company should be worth. If the company sets the price too low, then they have missed out on possible value which would be earned by the previous, private shareholders (they would have gotten the same share % of a corporation which would now have more cash to spend, because of increased money paid by new shareholders). If the company sets the price too high, then the share subscription might only be partially filled, so there might not be enough cash to do what the company wanted. You can buy a share from another shareholder. This is more common - when you see the company's share price on the stock exchange, it is this type of transaction - buying out other current shareholders. The price here is simply set based on what current owners are willing to sell at. The ""Bid Price"" listed by an exchange is the current highest bid that a purchaser is offering for a single share. The ""Ask Price"" is the current lowest offer that a seller is offering to sell a single share they currently own. When the bid price = the ask price, a share transaction happens, and the most recent stock price changes."
"saying that someone is ""the CEO of their product"" (and the variants: for sales: ""the CEO of their territory"", for any one else: ""the CEO of their valuestream"") is idiotic and wrong.  It's a simple-minded nonsense perpetuated by unimaginative line managers.  It's downright insulting when directed at individual contributors."
The Fed has lost its grip on reality and is just freewheeling with no link to the real economy . . .just printing money and building up and cooking books just makes the banks look good . .for a bit . .but then reality  starts to come back as real people start to ask real questions  Where did all those trillions of dollars go?
You can't do what you would like to do, unless your business has another, unrelated investor or is willing to invest an equal amount of funds + .01 into a corporation which will employ you.  You will then need to set up a self-directed IRA. Additionally, you will need a trustee to account for all the disbursements from your IRA.
The specifications of Art parquet Surface Laminate Flooring SIZE: 805*401*12 CLASS: AC2-AC4   BASEBOARD: BROWN/GREEN HDF CERTIFICATE: ISO9001, ISO14001, CE, SGS Surface treatment: Shaped U: High-gloss, mirror, scraping, wood                                    General News: High-gloss                                    Waterproof (EVA padding silence) Advantages: 1. higher quality laminate flooring reaching European standards making samples,                         2.  free of charge for your color                         3. new product of innovation
I believe that the same message could be sent without shutting the company and putting thousands of people on unemployment and hurting shareholders. Dissolving the company would only hurt everyone except the people responsible who almost certainly have golden parachutes in their employment contracts.  How about penalizing them by assessing an extra cyber-breach tax on their revenues? Or seizing stock options and assets of the top level execs and only releasing portions after X many months without a security breach? Or use the fines to fund an initiative that companies need to be bonded against data loss with the rates set by security experts doing audits on the companies?  There are plenty of ways to improve the situation without putting them out of business. At the very worst, the company should be put up for sale to be taken over by a holding company that can manage the process of bolstering their security instead of just liquidating assets which would only hurt the innocent bystanders in the incident.
I believe @Dilip addressed your question alread, I am going to focus on your second question: What are the criteria one should use for estimating the worth of the   situation? The criteria are:  I hope this helps.
http://www.mint.com attaches to all your accounts and lists all your transactions.  I love it.
No one has said this specifically yet, but you're more likely to avoid the kinds of problems that concern you by choosing makes and models of vehicle that are known to be reliable.  Honda is well-known for the reliability of their cars, so definitely consider them. @MrChrister mentioned Consumer Reports--they are an excellent resource for buying new and/or used cars. @Natashska made a great point about dealers vs. private sellers.  To that point I'll add the following:
A derivative in finance is simply any asset whose value is based on the value of another asset or based on the value of a group of assets. A derivative contract is a type of contract (usually a 'standardized contract') with specific payout instruction based on the price changes of a different asset. The basic idea is that it becomes easier to make a claim to an asset or property (and profit from this claim), without needing to physically transfer it (or even the title to said asset), and use much less capital to do so (reduce risk). They become problematic when multiple people may have claims to the real asset, or when the value of the derivatives changes very quickly or are hard to calculate. There are also liquidity problems the further you get from the real asset. This is not a problem for all kinds of derivatives contracts. And you must recognize that derivatives are used colloquially in a way that has nothing to do with reality to cause fear in people/investors that are not financially savvy. Many derivatives also have dubious or no economic purposes such that regulators don't allow them to be traded since they can't see how it is different from gambling. This is seen in financial markets that are less liberalized or cultures with puritanical backgrounds. Typically the trick is to convince regulators that the derivative or financial product helps with reducing risk and hedging and it will get approved. I've mentioned some terminology, but this depends specifically on what kind of derivatives contract you become interested in. Swaps, Credit Default Swaps, Futures, Options, Options on Futures, Leveraged Exchange Traded Funds, Inverse Leveraged Exchange Traded Funds, warrants, and more all have their own terminology. How to trade them in a simulation? It all depends on which financial product you really become interested in.
www.earnings.com is helpful thinkorswim's thinkDesktop platform has a lot of earnings information tied with flags on their charts they are free.
"As others have commented, this is almost certainly a Ponzi scheme. What will happen is that they will report to you that you are earning fantastic returns.  This will encourage you to pour more money into the scheme in the belief that you are making huge profits. The problems will start to occur when you ask for your money.  You won't receive any money and by the time you realise you have been scammed, the site operators will have vanish with all of the ""suckers"" money."
31 USC § 714 - AUDIT OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION COUNCIL, FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD, FEDERAL RESERVE BANKS, FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, AND OFFICE OF COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY ... snip   **Audits of the Board and Federal reserve banks may not include**  (1) transactions for or with a foreign central bank, government of a foreign country, or nonprivate international financing organization;  (2) deliberations, decisions, or actions on monetary policy matters, including discount window operations, reserves of member banks, securities credit, interest on deposits, and open market operations;  (3) transactions made under the direction of the Federal Open Market Committee; or   (4) a part of a discussion or communication among or between members of the Board and officers and employees of the Federal Reserve System related to clauses (1)–(3) of this subsection.   (c) (1) Except as provided in this subsection, an officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose information identifying an open bank, an open bank holding company, or a customer of an open or closed bank or bank holding company. The Comptroller General may disclose information related to the affairs of a closed bank or closed bank holding company identifying a customer of the closed bank or closed bank holding company only if the Comptroller General believes the customer had a controlling influence in the management of the closed bank or closed bank holding company or was related to or affiliated with a person or group having a controlling influence.   (2) An officer or employee of the Office may discuss a customer, bank, or bank holding company with an official of an agency and may report an apparent criminal violation to an appropriate law enforcement authority of the United States Government or a State.   (3) Except as provided under paragraph (4), an officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose to any person outside the Government Accountability Office information obtained in audits or examinations conducted under subsection (e) and maintained as confidential by the Board or the Federal reserve banks.   (4) This subsection shall not— (A) authorize an officer or employee of an agency to withhold information from any committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction of Congress, or any member of such committee or subcommittee; or (B) limit any disclosure by the Government Accountability Office to any committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction of Congress, or any member of such committee or subcommittee. ... http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/31/714   The people here who are under an illusion the federal reserve has any sort of beneficial attributes are deluded, where in reality it is banking on your countries increasing debt and impoverishing you and the nation your fathers conquered with a veil of legitimacy and a tattoo of tyranny since it's inception.
"Agreed. The idea that one goes into ""retirement"", or is expected to, at a certain age, is a little confusing to me.  Since when did it become not-the-norm to work until you had enough money saved up, and then stop working. While I take full advantage of retirement tax vehicles, the idea of a dedicated retirement fund, retirement benefits, pension payouts, etc... is a relic of the 1960s."
You take it to a bank or Foregn Exchange agent and exchange it for your rupees (I assume this is your national currency). They will exchange it at the current exchange rate and some may charge you fee for doing it.
"I agree. This article doesn't even consider the fact that we may be adding different types of jobs, and ones in different industries than those that were lost during the recession.   Instead, it seems to assume that all jobs are uniform and that when the economy adds jobs after a recession that they are replacing the old jobs that we lost. That is simply not so. Nothing is that simple.  There aren't just ""jobs"" and ""CEO jobs."" The economy is more complex than that.  We lost a lot of high-paying jobs in the recession that just won't ever come back--especially jobs at financial institutions that were dependent on mortgage backed securities, a part of that industry that has since shrunk permanently. Losing those jobs were necessary and good for the economy. The fact that the jobs we are adding now happen to be at a lower wage are basically happenstance as I see it.  I'm just happy that we're adding jobs. The inequality thing will always be an issue and I hope it gets better, but this article is pretty elementary when it comes to economic truth."
"I like stuff like this for perspective but I found the article lacking in mechanics as to how to unlearn, how to apply it, etc. I may have missed it though. This reminds me of my CEO challenging everyone at every level to ""innovate"". Need more of the ""how"" behind these kinds of objectives. It's great to shed preconceptions, think outside the box, etc but that's been managerial buzz speak for years, and yet we still find ourselves within the box. Focusing on how to get out of it seems like a worthy cause."
The title question suggests an answer - Balance.  There are countless stories of misers who saved their money but led miserable lives.  Keep in mind, you are looking at debt while still earning an income lower than you'll see after you get your PHD. Don't add more debt while working towards the PHD, but don't think that this is the time to aggressively pay it off, either.  I'd look at it this way - when you get a full time job, money itself will be cheaper, it will cost you fewer hours to earn the same number of Euros. When I was in college, the US minimum wage was just over $3/hr, but I had an engineering degree and back then, a starting salary of over $20/hr. While still in school, my time was precious, and the $10,000 I borrowed (for spending money) was 3300 hours that I didn't need to work, but it was paid back with just 500 work-hours.  Your question also goes to the future, a home purchase. There are 2 approaches. First pay off the student loan, then save for the down payment. For many anti-debt people, this is ideal. But, if your goal is to be in the house sooner, save now for the down payment and only pay the minimum on the loan. Once you are in the house, you can decide to pay the student loan faster, but 1.5%? I'd just pay the mortgage faster.  I don't know the cost of housing where you will choose to live, but in general, I'd suggest finding the house that you can afford on a 15 year mortgage, but take out a 30. This will give you flexibility in your budget. Life happens, and it's tough to plan for every possible outcome. I'd prefer to have room in the budget for the first years in the house, and for potential marriage and the kids that may follow. It's far easier to pay extra on loans than to get lower payments when you realize the budget is too tight.  Happy to update/edit to address any comments you may have.
I believe that capital gains do affect AGI, but if she sells $40k of stock, then the AGI doesn't go up by $40k, it only goes up by the gains (gross proceeds of the sale minus cost basis). So if she paid $30k for that stock, then the AGI goes up by $10k not $40k.
Online advertising with our vikasmarg.com portal will benefit you immensely. Both sellers and buyers can get better business options by posting your advertisements in our site. As our site houses several categories including house clearance services, fashion, entertainment related information such as movie theatres, restaurant finders, pubs and night clubs, outdoor advertising agencies; you will have high chances of doing best deals in the business.
Part of 'consideration', I imagine, would be the obligation of either party to follow through on an agreement, not only fair market value. Look at the thought experiment from the opposite perspective.  If you did not pay him $150 (maybe just $50 or even $0), would you be breaking a contractual obligation to him?  If he left after 2 hours because he forgot about a family event and did not finish your move, would he be breaking a contractual obligation to you even if you gave him $150? It seems it can be considered a gift (Update: in all cases) There was no agreement of what either party viewed as full consideration in a mutual exchange.   To put it another way: From your examples, there is no evidence that the performance of either party hinged on receiving mutual consideration from the other.  More Updates from comments: Patterns Matter Similarly to how the IRS may determine W2 employee vs independent contractor, patterns do matter.  If your friend has a pattern of helping people move in exchange for tens of thousands of dollars in gifts every year, the IRS would view that in a different light. A waitress/waiter has a pattern of accepting 'gifts' of tips in exchange for good service as a part of their established job duties. If you gifted your friend with $150/week when they watched your kids every Monday-Wednesday, that would be different. You are establishing a pattern, and I would suggest you may be establishing mutual consideration. In that case, consult a professional if you are worried. Amounts Matter This is why the gift tax exemption was created. The IRS does not care about the amounts in question here. It is too much of a burden to track and account for transactions that are this questionable and this small.  You gift your friend with a $20k car? Now you need to pay attention. Consult your CPA. You gift your friend $1k for helping build your new deck? The IRS does not care. Intent Matters Even in the first case, it is not necessarily true that your friend considers $150 to be mutual consideration for his services. Would he open a business where he offers that rate to the general public? I doubt it. He intends to gift you services out of his own free will, not because there will be an equitable exchange of value.  The intent of both parties is to give a gift. There is no evidence that would suggest otherwise to the IRS, it seems, even if they cared in the first place.
Ethereum is a currency. You cannot invest in a currency. Currency doesn't have intrinsic value. It is only a medium for exchange. If you were stuck on an island and all you had was Ethereum you'd be SOL. Had you spent the Ethereum and bought a boat and took that to the island the boat would be an investment. The boat has value, it can get you off the island - whereas the Ethereum cannot.   Also, Ethereum is trash. BTC4L.
"I was simply saying, contrary to your ""only a fool"" comment, the fact that White Supremacist groups publicly praise Trump makes it pretty easy for the common person who doesn't really follow politics to make the connection. Doesn't take a ""fool"" at all.  You pretty much also just confirmed what I said by stating there are commonalities between their platforms. So I'm not sure what you're arguing against here.  And if you're trying not to be rude in this thread, you should try harder."
I would rather have a SE turned into a finance career than someone who just went straight into finance. SE tells me that you love science. Most finance people are idiots who is in it solely for the money. Trust me, there is alot of them.
"I've recommended this book a few times on this site, and I'm going to do it again. Get a Financial Life: Personal Finance in Your Twenties and Thirties by Beth Kobliner  Most of the personal finance advice books and blogs I have found focus too much on investing, or are more about ""lifestyle"" than finances, and left me unimpressed.  I like this book because it covers most of the major personal finance topics (budgets, rainy-day fund, insurance, retirement, and non-retirement investment).  I have not found another book that covers the topics as concisely as this one. It is no-nonsense, very light reading.  Even if you are not a book person, you can finish it in a weekend.  It is really geared for the young person starting their career. Not the most current book (pre real-estate boom), but the advice is still sound. Keep in mind that is is starting point, not the ultimate answer to all financial questions."
What standards do you set for performance? My wife has three students with parents in jail, and one that started the year not speaking English. Due to budget cuts, less extreme special Ed. Students are joining regular classrooms. My wife has one student who can't add single digits in 2nd grade due to learning disabilities. Im not saying seniority based is right, because god knows there are bad apples everywhere, but you start to skirt teaching to the test. Again (NCLB).
Your assets are marked to market. If you buy at X, and the market is bidding at 99.9% * X then you've already lost 0.1%. This is a market value oriented way of looking at costs. You could always value your assets with mark to model, and maybe you do, but no one else will.  Just because you think the stock is worth 2*X doesn't mean the rest of the world agrees, evidenced by the bid.  You surely won't get any margin loans based upon mark to model.  Your bankers won't be convinced of the valuation of your assets based upon mark to model. By strictly a market value oriented way of valuing assets, there is a bid/ask cost. more clarification Relative to littleadv, this is actually a good exposition between the differences between cash and accrual accounting. littleadv is focusing completely on the cash cost of the asset at the time of transaction and saying that there is no bid/ask cost.  Through the lens of cash accounting, that is 100% correct. However, if one uses accrual accounting marking assets to market (as we all do with marketable assets like stocks, bonds, options, etc), there may be a bid/ask cost.  At the time of transaction, the bids used to trade (one's own) are exhausted.  According to exchange rules that are now practically uniform: the highest bid is given priority, and if two bids are bidding the exact same highest price then the oldest bid is given priority; therefore the oldest highest bid has been exhausted and removed at trade. At the time of transaction, the value of the asset cannot be one's own bid but the highest oldest bid leftover.  If that highest oldest bid is lower than the price paid (even with liquid stocks this is usually the case) then one has accrued a bid/ask cost.
Based on your question, I am going to assume your criterion are: Based on these, I believe you'd be interested in a different savings account, a CD, or money market account. Savings account can get you up to 1.3% and money market accounts can get up to 1.5%.  CDs can get you a little more, but they're a little trickier. For example, a 5 year CD could get up to 2%. However, now you're money is locked away for the next few years, so this is not a good option if this money is your emergency fund or you want to use it soon. Also, if interest rates increase then your money market and savings accounts' interest rates will increase but your CD's interest rate misses out. Conversely, if interest rates drop, you're still locked into a higher rate.
I think there are two options: You invest for very close friends, who trust you completely. In this case, I don't see why you need legal formalities. Just take their money, invest, and return the profits (or losses) to them. They'll know that you invest it as well as you can (rather than spend it on your dream vacation), simply because they trust you. And in case they never get to see most of their money back - they'll know that you've tried your best, and won't be upset with you. You invest for people who trust you, but not 100%. In this case, don't take their money. If you lose (and in Forex, you most likely will) then you'll lose not only money, but also your friends. Even if the legal documents would prove that you were honset, and that they knew what they're getting into, they'll still be mad at you.
"Good. It's created a redneck capitalist conundrum. They either realize that they pay shit wages and need to up their hourly to attract ""lazy millennial 'Muricans,"" or they realize that all of those hardworking immigrants are the only ones they can exploit for profitable operations.   But, I don't expect it to necessarily make sense to them. I've heard many ""dey took errrr jerbs!"" and NAFTA/TPP/trade in general is Satan from more than a few mouth breathers that I've watched shuffle into a Walmart looking for dirt cheap products. They didn't get it then as Walmart carpet bombed their towns/states/country of decent paying jobs in manufacturing and mom and pop retail; why would now be different?"
I think part of the confusion is due to the age of the term and how money has changed over time relative to being backed by precious metals vs using central banks etc. Historically: Because historically the coin itself was precious metal, if a change occurred between the 'face value' of the coin and value of the precious metal itself, the holder of the coin was less affected since they have the precious metal already in hand. They could always trade it based on the metal value instead of the face value. OTOH if you buy a note worth an the current price of ounce of gold, and the price of gold goes up, and then the holder wants to redeem the note, they end up with less than an ounce of gold. In the more modern age  The main concern is the cost to borrow funds to put money into circulation, or the gain when it goes out of circulation.  The big difference between the two is that bills tend stay in circulation until they wear out, have to be bought back and replaced.  Coins on the other hand last longer, but have a tendency to drop out of circulation due to collectors (especially with 'collectible series' coins that the mint seems to love to issue lately).  This means that bills issued tend to stay in circulation, while only a percentage of coins stays in circulation.  So the net effect on the money supply is different for the two, and since modern 'seigniorage' is all about the cost to put money in circulation, it is different in the case of coins where some percentage will not remain circulating.
"A credit Union makes loans exactly the same ways a bank does. A portion of the money deposited in  checking, savings, money market, Certificate of Deposit, or IRA is then used to make loans for cars, boats, school, mortgages, 2nd mortgages, lines of credit... The government dictates the percentage of each type of deposit that must be held in reserve for non-loan transactions. The Credit Union members are the share holders of the ""company"". There are no investors in the ""company"" because the goal is not to make money. In general the entire package is better because there is no pressure to increase profits.  Fees are generally lower because they are there to discourage bad behavior, not as a way to make a profit off of the bad behavior.  Dividends/interest are treated the same way as bank interest. The IRS forms are the same, and it is reported the same way. Some of bizarre rules they have to follow: maximum number of transactions between accounts, membership rules, are there because banks want to make it harder to be a member of a credit union."
To complement farnsy's answer, I want to warn people against market prediction scams. If they give uniformly distributed buy/sell predictions to 256 people, one of them will get eight correct predictions in a row. They are trading a few cents of Amazon server time for 3% of your capital.
Not sure why people are suggesting CFP or CFA to someone who hasn't graduated with a BS yet.   With that said, CFA had a claritas (fundamentals course) with like 20-20 page chapters going over basic finance and investment info. Pretty sure you can still get those pdfs for free. Investopedia is also great for general concepts for banking and investments.   CFA is very expensive and I wouldn't touch it until you've taken general business classes and really built up your foundation.
&gt;observe their contractual obligations.    If not having to pay you is part of the deal, then it's not a good deal. Clearly companies have no reason to not just keep that money, and they keep it every chance they get. Why wouldn't they?
The real problem is that there are a dozen neighborhood bars within walking distance of me that follow a similar format, at a similar price, but have decent food. BWW is in a crowded niche and offering a substandard and generic product compared to the local options.
Close your card, now. Let your credit card provider / bank know about the situation. Never, ever ever, give out your password. Not to a friend, not to your bank and not even to your cat.
Only in terms of inflation Because of inflation, €300 would be worth less in December 2011 than it was in January 2010.  Thus, it's to your benefit to pay in monthly installments rather than up-front. Now to calculate the difference in monthly payments of 300 euro using the above webpage what should I do? You'd need to calculate 23 different values: But this is a pointless exercise, since you'd have signed a 24 month lease at a fixed price.  Hence, my original comment.
the total principal is also dropping - you mean you're paying it down, right? All else the same, if you found a house whose payments are less than rent, and planned to stay long term, buying can make sense. But let's not forget the other costs and risks. How badly do you want to be a homeowner? Adding image from another post here:  This shows that housing prices have fallen below the long term trend line and equilibrium level.
Money's got me damn stressed, it's hard not be salty at timec, I'm sorry.   When I was young, I loved the sweetness of candies and pastries. Now my favorite foos are all things like pretzels, tortilla chips. Feels like a loss of innocence /meta
Remember that if you make charges as the starting of your billing cycle, then you are receiving a free ~60-day loan. For those that are able to receive high interest rates on their, this means a greater opportunity to earn on their money. For example: Your billing statement ends on Jan 5th. On Jan 6th, you max out your credit card. Your billing statement ends on Feb 5th. Depending on your credit card, your grace period can be anywhere from 20 to 30 days. If your bill is due Mar 7th, you just gave yourself a free 60 day loan. If you have multiple credit cards with different due dates and long grace periods, you can rotate which cards you max out to optimize the money you keep in savings.
You can't cash the check silly.  How can you go off on a rant when you can't even tell the difference between a real check and a promotional tool.  If you don't want to call in an get info throw it away....simple.  This thread made me laugh.  Thanks for that.  Good day.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.mercatus.org/publications/declining-male-labor-force-participation-jobs) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; In particular, some are concerned about the increase in the number of prime-age men who are neither working nor looking for work-men who are out of the labor force, or inactive.  &gt; While many observers assume that increasing inactivity rates reflect more men &amp;quot;Dropping out&amp;quot; of the labor force out of frustration with the job market, relatively few prime-age inactive men fit the picture.  &gt; Few inactive men say they want a job in a typical week, and most of the increase in inactivity has involved men who do not want a job.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/73qnp0/whats_behind_declining_male_labor_force/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~220414 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **men**^#1 **job**^#2 **inactive**^#3 **inactivity**^#4 **percent**^#5"
I guess you could figure it out based on your total income, and the total number of hours it takes to generate that income if you want to do it simply. Count you job, side work, soda can deposits, and saving earned directly by effort (coupons and deal shopping) But the real answer to the question is understanding Opportunity Cost and what you could be doing instead.  The problem with opportunity cost is the value system that judges the worth of the other opportunities is a deeply intrinsic factor that cannot be judged by anybody else.
"One problem with this plan is that the individual must have earned income to contribute to a Roth IRA. If you have an infant, unless she is the new Gerber baby or something like that, there is probably no legitimate way for her to earn income. If you own a business and have kids who are older, you can employ them to do work for you, but they must really do work and earn around the market rate for that work. Otherwise, it is unlikely that they will be able to earn enough to fund an IRA until they are teenagers. When they are old enough to work, you can ""match"" their earnings by contributing the same amount to a Roth IRA on their behalf, but this will not give you the amount of contributions and growth time that you were counting on."
It's a covered call.  When I want to create a covered call position, I don't need to wait before the stock transaction settles. I enter it as one trade, and they settle at different times.
I think it is time that the US stop doing Israels bidding, because the Israeli's now want more land to occupy. It is ridiculous that US forces are working side by side with ISIS and supporting them with money and material.  What is a more important question is if the US is working with the ISIS, then who is attacking Europe and US?
Given your needs, GNUcash will do swimmingly. I've used it for the past 3 years and while it's a gradual learning process, it's been able to resolve most stuff I've thrown at it. Schedule bills and deposits in the calendar view so I can keep an eye on cash flow.  GNUcash has scheduled payments and receipts and reconcilation, should you need them. I prefer to keep enough float to cover monthly expenses in accounts rather than monitor potential shortfalls.   Track all my stock and mutual fund investments across numerous accounts. It pulls stock, mutual and bond quotes from lots of places, domestic and foreign. It can also pull transaction data from your brokers, if they support that.  I manually enter all my transactions so I can keep control of them. I just reconcile what I entered into Quicken based on the statements sent to me. I do not use Quicken's bill pay There's a reconciliation mode, but I don't use it personally. The purpose of reconcilation is less about catching bank errors and more about agreeing on the truth so that you don't incur bank fees. When I was doing this by hand I found I had a terrible data entry error rate, but on the other hand, the bayesian importer likes to mark gasoline purchases from the local grocery store as groceries rather than gas. I categorize all my expenditures for help come tax time. GNUcash has accounts, and you can mark expense accounts as tax related. It also generates certain tax forms for you if you need that. Not sure what all you're categorizing that's helpful at tax time though. I use numerous reports including. Net Worth tracking, Cash not is retirement funds and total retirement savings. Tons of reports, and the newest version supports SQL backends if you prefer that vs their reports.
"Care to elaborate? It is my understanding that any asset can be rehypothecated at least in theory. By saying these car loans ""aren't"" rehypo'd, do you mean this is not the practice, or that there is a law/regulation prohibiting it?"
I dont think you understand teh main problem with HFT, they locate the machines next to the exchanges, and make money based on the latency between exchanges. This is not something anyone but them can do. And it is basically cheating the market.  You ever see the scam.. it was in mash, where [Frank Burns](http://www.funtrivia.com/en/subtopics/M*A*S*H----Out-of-Sight-Out-of-Mind-181978.html) got the radio signals early for the games, and would place bets on the games already knowing the outcome for when they were broadcast on official armed forces radio. That is what HFC is. They get the score of the game before you do, and then bet on the game.  and yes they place a lot of orders and cancel them, that isnt to slow other traders but to force more latency on the system, so they can know the scores even earlier.
This is dependent on the broker according to The Options Industry Council.  Your broker will specify what they would do upon expiry (or hours before last trade) if you did not indicate your preference. Most likely they will conduct a probabilistic simulation to see whether exercising the contracts may result in margin deficit even after selling the delivered shares under extreme circumstances. In most cases, brokers tend to liquidate the option for you (sell to close) before expiry.  I've seen people complain about certain brokers forcing liquidation at terrible bid-ask spreads even though the options are still days to expiry. It is better for you to close the position on your own beforehand. The best brokers would allow margin deficit and let you deposit the required amount of money afterward.  Please consult your broker's materials. If you can't find them, use live chat or email tickets.
I'm not really sure yet. I know I'm beginning my upper level finance courses (Corp. Finance &amp; Investments this Autumn) so I am going to try and see what I like. Investments have always attracted me but I have to experience it before I can say what I would like. I'm really open to anything.  I know excel quite well (thought of getting Microsoft certified to put on resume) and stats have always been fun for me. I took 2 intro to accounting courses but have forgotten most of the material. Is there any part of accounting you recommend is valuable (auditing, financial acct, reporting &amp; financial statements, etc.; maybe any course suggestions bc I know Ohio State Uni has multiple courses on different acct topics)?
Online auction is creating a great opportunity for sellers and buyers to benefit. Sellers have the opportunity to market their products and meet potential customers from any part of the world. There are different websites that offer these services of online auctions. Nowadays most people prefer online auctions as they can easily get high-quality goods at affordable prices. In this article, we will discuss top 10 most reputable online auction websites.
Ultimately, she sold the rights to her images.   Highly competitive businesses can't explain ad campaigns with stock-photo sellers because it's risking a breach of privacy on the companies media assets and upcoming campaigns.  Yes she may feel bad about it, even express her feeling sensationally, but ultimately she sold the rights and it could be worse. She could be on the front of a sex product package or something more direct and less suggestive in nature.   This would of course be different if she was using a variation on a Creative Commons licence where the company had to ask permission to use it and explain what the user was for.
"AIUI this is not terribly abnormal. There are authorisations (sometimes reffered to as ""pending charges"" or ""holds"") and actual charges. An authorisation reserves money but doesn't actually take it. Normally what happens when you pay by card is that the merchant gets an authorisation immediately. Then some time later the authorisation is converted into an actual charge when the merchant takes the money. Sometimes merchants are slow in taking the actual charge, either deliberately (some merchants won't charge your card until they actually supply the goods to reduce the chance of having to process a refund) or because of administrative snarlups somewhere. When this happens the authorisation can time out before the actual charge is taken. So you get the pattern you see, first the authorisation appears then it times out and dissapears and finally the actual charge shows up."
A basement unit would typically rent for less than similar space on a higher floor.  Taxwise, you should be claiming the income, and expenses via schedule E, as if it were legal. Keep in mind, Al Capone was convicted on tax evasion  not his other illegal activities. As long as you treat it as a legitimate business, a rental unit, you will be good with the IRS. The local building department will fine you if they find out.
The segment only briefly talked about the economic aspect of this.   I feel a lot of this has to do with the fact that tech companies are IP heavy as supposed to capital heavy. This makes them more flexible to enter new markets. It is somewhat unthinkable for a non-tech company to go into a market in a different vertical (e.g. Amazon going into movie making).   Also I much rather the government tackle cable/utilities monopoly first, as that market is already anti-consumer even on price. Tech is still pro-consumer on price, just anti-consumer on choice.
Assuming US/IRS: If you filed on time and paid what you believed was the correct amount, they might be kind and let it go. But don't assume they will. If you can't file on time, you are supposed to file estimated taxes before the deadline, and to make that payment large enough to cover what you are likely to owe them. If there is excess, you get it back when you file the actual forms. If there is a shortfall, you may be charged fees, essentially interest on the money you still owe them calculated from the submission due date. If you fail to file anything before the due date, then the fees/interest surcharge is calculated on the entire amount still due; effectively the same as if you had filled an estimated return erroneously claiming you owed nothing. Note that since the penalty scales with the amount still due, large errors do cost you more than small ones. And before anyone asks: no, the IRS doesn't pay interest if you submit the forms early and they owe you money. I've sometimes wondered whether they're missing a bet there, and if it would be worth rewarding people to file earlier in order to spread out the work a bit better, but until someone sells them on that idea...
First, If you buy $10K of a penny stock and try to sell it that afternoon, you probably won't get your money back. The bid/ask spread may cost you dearly.  On the shady side, if you are able to afford to trade enough shares to attract attention, the interest of those who believe the volume is an indication of some real event happening, you may pump it high enough to make some nice money, selling into the ensuing rise. This is a classic pump and dump (which often but not always, includes posts on message boards) and it is illegal. The same way this volume attracts traders, it can also attract the attention of the SEC.  This should be read as a narrative, not as advice. If anything, it's advice on what not to do.
"Paying the mortgage down is no different than investing in a long term taxable fixed instrument. In this economy, 4.7% isn't bad, but longer term, the stock market should return higher.  When you have the kid(s), is your wife planing to work? If not, I'd first suggest going pre-tax on the IRAs, and when she's not working, convert to Roth. I'd advise against starting the 529 accounts until your child(ren) is actually born.  As far as managed funds are concerned, I hear ""expenses."" Why not learn about lower cost funds, index mutual funds or ETFs? I'd not do too much different aside from this, until the kids are born."
FRED isn't recording people, it's recording households.  A household can hold any number of people.  When your person moves from a rental back in to their family's house, the number of separate households goes down to 9; and home ownership shoots up to 55.5% according to FRED.
If you do the financing, get a large down payment and make a short loan.  Do not expose yourself to risk with a 30 year note, and get some major money up front so the buyer has some skin in the game and will continue to make payments.
"PayPal offers a service called ""PayPal Business Payments"". Instead of charging a percentage, they charge a flat fee. For US-to-US payments, the fee is fifty cents per transaction. For Canada-to-Canada payments, the fee is five dollars per transaction. You need to use a third-party invoicing service and choose the ""PayPal Business Payments"" option. FreshBooks or Zoho Invoice might work."
Let's take your argument to its logical conclusion. Let's say there is a company that uses infrastructure of UK, Germany, France, US, Japan, Italy and Spain (because it's a global multinational). Corporate taxes in these countries are 19%, 29.65%, 33% (for large companies), 35%, 32.1%, 27.9% and 25%. Now according to your logic, each of these countries should tax the company's profits. Such a company in your world would pay more in taxes than it makes in profits (tax rate &gt; 100%).
Here's another way to think about.  Let's assume it is 2011 and we have a married couple who are 25 and make a combined salary of $50,000/yr net.  A suitable first house in their area is $300,000, six times their annual net salary.  Assuming they could scrimp so that 1/2 of take-home went toward saving for their home, they could save enough to buy the house using cash in 12 years, at the age of 37.  Onerous, but they could do it. But now let's allow salaries to increase by 3% a year and homes at 10%/yr, as in your question, and let's run things out for 20 years. Now a 25 year old couple at the same sort of jobs would be making $87,675/yr.  But the houses in that town would be worth not $300k but $1,834,772.  Instead of six times their salary, a house is now nearly 21 times their salary.  This means that if they saved 1/2 of take-home to save up for a house, they could afford to buy the house using cash when they were 67 years old. It gets worse quickly.  If you run it out for just ten more years, to 30 years, a couple would be able to buy the house -- at $4.8 million or 40x a year's salary -- in cash when they were 105 years old.  (Let's hope they ate brown rice). Mortgages can't save them, since even if they could put down ten years' worth of savings on the 2041 house (that'd be 14% down), they'd still carry a $4.1 million mortgage with a $118k annual net salary.
"&gt; People generally do not like labor, especially if it is something they do not find fulfilling.   I agree... sort of. Of course people don't enjoy doing work they find unpleasant, but I think the idea that people do not like working as a rule is not as obvious as it seems. After all, that's more of a guess as it has never been tested in any meaningful way; humans throughout history have, for the most part, worked.   While I have an easy time agreeing that it's preferable for people to work on things they find fulfilling (or at least not unpleasant) than to work on things they hate, I'm not sold on the concept that people would actually prefer not working at all to working. I think productivity and purpose are critical components to the human experience, and work plays a big role in them - in other words, the idea of not working wouldn't necessarily match the reality of not working if we ever had a chance to properly explore it. On a side note, I think this is something absolutely worth experimenting with - you could run some decent experiments for less than $50m, which is really a small amount to explore such a universally relevant topic.   &gt; Wage (chattel) slavery has never, nor will it ever be a positive attribute to any society.   This strikes me as a loaded statement - and, on the surface at least, not one I agree with. Please help me understand your thinking here.   How exactly do you define wage slavery?   If you define it as ""working in order to survive,"" would you consider maintaining a small working farm in order to feed your family, as was done by many throughout history, to be a form of wage slavery? How about hunting and gathering - not paid labor, clearly, but nonetheless difficult work that was done only because it was necessary for the worker to survive?   Is working for wages, which you can then exchange to buy food and such, different in kind from working to produce or capture food? Is working to afford enough food and shelter to survive different from working to afford more luxurious food or shelter?   I'm not being argumentative - I'm just trying to understand the implications of that statement. :)   As far as a reduction in hours worked, that isn't necessarily  disastrous. It may be, but it can also be mitigated - for instance, if fewer hours worked yield the same or higher income. This isn't as radical as it sounds; it could, for example, be viewed as value-based pricing of results as opposed to input.   That said, in practice I think significant job loss due to technology *would* be handled poorly and thus very messy (at least at first).   However, I don't think that the shift in job markets will be as sudden or severe as many claim it will be - I think that's a bit of sensationalist fear-mongering based more on predictions than evidence."
"I am talking about what ""ought to be"" in a legal sense here. Target is in the position with better information. When talking about negligence, it goes hand-in-hand. It's not just about whether you knew or not, but whether you ought to have known."
Do you simply get call options you can sell on an options exchange? No, you don't get call options that you can sell on an options exchange. Rather, you get rights that you can (generally) sell on the stock exchange. The right issue is in essence a call option – in that it behaves like one, but it is not considered a standardized option contract. is there a special exchange where such rights issues are traded? No. It will normally be done on the stock exchange.
"What's the value of the scholarship, and is it administered by itself or by the university?  If by itself, the financial return discussed above drives.  If by the university, they create the tuition, so it gets more interesting.   If this is something that is administered and backstopped by the university, then keep in mind that while it may be named the ""John Doe Memorial Scholarship"" with $30000 in it's account under the endowment, the university overall is likely to cut some number of students' tuition in financial aid packages anyway.  Let's say they substitute a generic tuition adjustment in past years with this happens-to-be-named ""John Doe Memorial Scholarship"" moving forward: the university can do this as long as they are not constrained in pricing power by laws and financial aid customs.  There's the finance answer, and there's the fact that a university can create a ""coupon"" indefinitely (Similar in concept to the price discrimination where Proctor and Gamble can launch a new flavor of Tide at a high price to maintain the market position, and flood marketing channels with coupons) Also the university might find it to be an inexpensive benefit to the faculty to create a ceremony around a valued, deceased professor; collecting funds from other professors or staff to partially pay for it at finance price or even a slight loss."
"It's not quite as bad as the comments indicate. Form 1040ES has been available since January (and IME has been similarly for all past years). It mostly uses the prior year (currently 2016) as the basis, but it does have the updated (2017) figures for items that are automatically adjusted for inflation: bracket points (and thus filing threshhold), standard deductions, Social Security cap, and maybe another one or two I missed.  The forms making up the actual return cannot be prepared very far in advance because, as commented, Congress frequently makes changes to tax law well after the year begins, and in some cases right up to Dec. 31. The IRS must start preparing forms and pubs -- and equally important, setting the specifications for software providers like Intuit (TurboTax) and H&RBlock -- several months ahead in order to not seriously delay filing season, and with it refunds, which nearly everyone in the country considers (at least publicly) to be worse than World War Three and the destruction of the Earth by rogue asteroids. I have 1040 series from the last 4 years still on my computer, and the download dates mostly range from late September to mid January. Although one outlier shows the range of possibility: 2013 form 1040 and Schedule A were tweaked in April 2014 because Congress passed a law allowing charitable contributions for Typhoon Haiyan to be deducted in the prior year. Substantive, but relatively minor, changes happen every year, including many that keep recurring like the special (pre-AGI) teacher supplies deduction (""will they or won't they?""), section 179 expensing (changes slightly almost every year), and formerly the IRA-direct-to-charity option (finally made permanent last year).  As commented, the current Congress and President were elected on a platform with tax reform as an important element, and they are talking even more intensely than before about doing it, although whether they will actually do anything this year is still uncertain. However, if major reform is done it will almost certainly apply to future years only, and likely only start after a lag of some months to a year. They know it causes chaos for businesses and households alike to upend without advance warning the assumptions built in to current budgets and plans -- and IME as a political matter something that is enacted now and effective fairly soon but not now is just as good (but I think that part is offtopic)."
I followed Economics by Michael Parkin for my college level course. It does not involve very complicated mathematics (beyond simple arithmetic and interpreting plots/charts). I found it very enjoyable.  Stocks, bonds, and other money market instruments are not covered under this subject usually. They are covered under finance. I normally recommend Hull to people but because you are not interested in mathematics I would recommend Stuart R Veale.
"Technically, this doesn't seem like a scam, but I don't think the system is beneficial.  They use a lot of half-truths to convince you that their product is right for you. Some of the arguments presented and my thoughts. Don't buy term and invest the rest because you can't predict how much you'll earn from the ""rest""   Also Don't invest in a 401k because you can't predict how much you'll earn They are correct that you won't know exactly how much you'll have due to stock market, but that doesn't mean the stock market is a bad place to put your money.  Investing in a 401k is risky because of the harsh 401k withdrawal rules  Yes, 401ks have withdrawal rules (can't typically start before 59.5, must start by 70.5) but those rules don't hamper my investing style in any way.    Most Term Life Insurance policies don't pay out  They are correct again, but their conclusions are wrong. Yes, most people don't die while you have a term insurance policy which is why Term life insurance is relatively cheap.   But they aren't arguing you don't need insurance, just that you need their insurance which is ""better"" You need the Guaranteed growth they offer  The chart used to illustrate their guaranteed growth includes non-guaranteed dividends.   They invest $10,000 per year for 36 years and end up with $1,000,000.   That's a 5% return!  I use 10% for my estimate of stock market performance, but let's say it's only 8%.   The same $10,000 per year results in over $2 Million dollars.  Using 10.5% (average return of the S&P 500 over it's lifetime) the result is a staggering $3.7 MILLION.   So if I'm looking at $3.7M vs. $1M, It costs me $2.7 Million dollars to give me the same coverage as my term life policy. That's one expensive Term Life Insurance policy. My personal favorite: Blindly following the advice of Wall Street and financial “gurus” such as Dave Ramsey and Suze Orman got you where you are. Are you happy with the state of your finances? Do you still believe their fairytale, “Buy Term (insurance) and Invest the Difference”?  Yes, I sure do believe that fairytale and I'm prospering quite well thank you. :) While I don't think this is a scam, it's outrageously expensive and not a good financial choice."
"It's very hard to measure the worth of an abstract concept like money, particularly over long periods of time. In the modern era we have things like the Consumer Price Index (CPI) in the United States, where the Bureau of Labor Statistics literally sends ""shoppers"" out to find prices of things and surveys people to find out what they buy. This results in a variety of ""indexes"" which variously get reported by media outlets as ""inflation"" (or ""deflation"" if the change in value goes the other way). There are also other measurements available like the MIT Billion Prices Project which attempt to make their own reading of the ""worth"" of currencies. Those kinds of things are about the only ways to measure a currency's change in ""value to itself"" because a currency is basically only worth what one can buy with it. While it isn't ""all the world's currencies combined"", there is a concept of the International Monetary Fund's ""Special Drawing Rights (SDR)"", which is a basket of five currencies used by world central banks to help ""back"" each other's currencies, and is (very) occasionally used as a unit of currency for international contracts. One might be able to compare the price of one currency to that of the SDR, or even to any other weighted average of world currencies that one wanted, but I don't think it's done nearly as often as comparing currencies to the basket of goods one can buy to find ""inflation"". Even though one might think what would be important to measure would be overall Money Supply Inflation, much more often people care more about measuring Price Inflation. (Occasionally people worry about Wage Inflation, but generally that's considered a result of high Price Inflation.) In order to try to keep this on topic as a ""personal finance"" thing rather than an ""economics"" thing, I guess the question is: Why do you want to know? If you have some assets in a particular currency, you probably care most about what you'll be able to buy with them in the future when you want or need to spend them. In that sense, it's inflation that you're likely caring about the most. If you're trying to figure out which currency to keep your assets in, it largely depends on what currency your future expenses are likely to be in, though I can imagine that one might want to move out of a particular currency if there's a lot of political instability that you're expecting to lead to high inflation in a currency for a time."
This is 100% accurate.  Most mega funds are successful for many reasons including value and growth.  The real reason that fund in particular crushes it has a lot to do with it's DRIP and the fact that the fund has a large influence on the market itself.
There are a few things that this question prompts -
"In no particular order:  - Plumbers are not the kind of trade where advertising to end-customers is very effective. People don't generally write down phone numbers and keep track of them on the basis that ""I'll probably need a plumber some day, and I might never have any way to way to learn their phone number unless I write this down right now.""  - References through other tradesmen are worth 10x as much as references through end-customers. Get a network of electricians and carpenters and HVAC guys referring to you, and vice-versa.   - Especially in the early stages, do whatever it takes to make it right with every customer. A lot of tradesmen offer sloppy low-ball estimates to get the business, and then get stuck explaining why the bill is 3x higher. Nobody is ever going to give you a positive review or referral in that situation.   - Forget about your hourly rate and focus on building the business, even if it means losing money on some jobs. Employees get paid by the hour, owners get paid based on satisfied customers. You will make some mistakes in the beginning. Plan to eat them. Eventually, you will make less mistakes, and will learn to price variability into the job.   - Don't work with impossible customers, but do whatever it takes to keep lucrative customers happy. A lot of tradesmen get this completely wrong. 20% of your customers will produce 80% of your profits, usually. Do whatever it takes to keep them happy, and avoid the customers who want 80% of your business but who produce 0% profit.   - Don't be a dick. Give good customers clear and fair estimates, and tell them where and how you are charging a markup. Don't pick a fight if the guy up the road is charging less, and don't give the customer shit for not knowing how to compare quotes. Show them the meaningful difference in your estimate, explain to them why it's not worth your time to match lowball quotes for junk work, and let them make the decision.   - Do every job right. This is something that pays off in the long-run, exponentially. If you can't do it right, don't take it. Make sure that everyone who has ever done business with you comes out happy and satisfied that you were the best option available.   - Having the lowest price might get you the most business in the first couple of years, but doing the best work will earn you the most profits and will help build a multi-million-dollar business in the decades to come."
Coincidentally, I am a libertarian who believes that basic education and preventative medicine should be the only items that can be provided by the government and should be free for all so you will not hear arguments from me on those two.  All the rest, we can take up on /r/politics   :)
He's made a profit on gold the same way you make money on any commodity, because demand (largely as an inflation hedge) has outpaced supply. It has nothing to do with using gold as a currency (which no one is doing.)  I'm not saying gold can't have value as money, but that's not where we're at right now. Dollars are accepted to settle transactions all over the world, and inflation is negligible. A lot of speculators buying gold that sits in vaults is not the same thing as a return to specie based currency.
"Their is no arbitrage opportunity with ""buying dividends."" You're buying a taxable event. This is a largely misunderstood topic. The stock always drops by the amount if the dividend on the ex date. The stock opens that day trading ""ex"" (excluding) the dividend. It then pays out later based in the shareholders on record.  There is a lot of talk about price movement and value here. That can happen but it's from trading not from the dividend per se. Yes sometimes you do see a stock pop the day prior to ex date because people are buying the stock for the dividend but the trading aspect of a stock is determined by supply and demand from people trading the stock.  The dividends are paid out from the owners equity section of the balance sheet. This is a return of equity to shareholders. The idea is to give owners of the company some of their investment back (from when they bought the stock) without having the owners sell the shares of the company. After all if it's a good company you want to keep holding it so it will appreciate.  Another similar way to think of it is like a bonds interest payment.  People sometimes forget when trading that these are actual companies meant to be invested in. Your buying an ownership in the company with your cash.  It really makes no difference to buy the dividend or not, all other things constant. Though market activity can add or lose value from trading as normal."
Also look not only into these sand companies, but the railroad companies offering logistics services for them.  In general, the Minnesota/Wisconsin mines have massive traffic and its putting a strain on the distribution, so it creates opportunities for some.  The shipping (often a service provided by these sand companies) can comprise over half the price of the sand.
"This is (almost) a question in financial engineering. First I will note that a discussion of ""the greeks"" is well presented at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greeks_(finance) These measures are first, second and higher order derivatives (or rate of change comparisons) for information that is generally instantaneous. (Bear with me.) For example the most popular, Delta, compares prices of an option or other derived asset to the underlying asset price. The reason we are able to do all this cool analysis is because the the value of the underlying and derived assets have a direct, instantaneous relationship on each other. Because beta is calculated over a large period of time, and because each time slice covered contributes equally to the aggregate, then the ""difference in Beta"" would really just be showing two pieces of information: Summarizing those two pieces of information into ""delta beta"" would not be useful to me. For further discussion, please see http://www.gummy-stuff.org/beta.htm specifically look at the huge difference in calculation of GE's beta using end-of-month returns versus calculation using day-before-end-of-month returns."
"Even without the $2 fee, I'm jumping ship and switching to Virgin Mobile. Here's my breakdown:  Verizon 400 minutes + 100 texts (IIRC), no data, $45 before fees  Virgin 300 minutes + unlimited 3G data &amp; text: $35 with purchase of $200+ smartphone. (and virgin uses Sprint for 3G)  I'll be informing Verizon that their separate fee hike of $0.15 which, to my knowledge, is still in the works, is what's known legally as a ""material averse effect"" and allows me to opt out of the contract without paying a cancellation fee."
Previously, AirBnBs counted as hotels, which meant that you had to get a hotel license and other stuff that was too onerous for one guy with an apartment to bother with.  So it's not that they specifically banned AirBnB, it's just that the previous law regulated big hotels and small hotels the same way.  IIRC, AirBnB has run into similar legal issues in the states.
"**Liability insurance**  Liability insurance is a part of the general insurance system of risk financing to protect the purchaser (the ""insured"") from the risks of liabilities imposed by lawsuits and similar claims. It protects the insured in the event he or she is sued for claims that come within the coverage of the insurance policy. Originally, individual companies that faced a common peril formed a group and created a self-help fund out of which to pay compensation should any member incur loss (in other words, a mutual insurance arrangement). The modern system relies on dedicated carriers, usually for-profit, to offer protection against specified perils in consideration of a premium.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.27"
FNBC Florida is the largest and most independent website of purchase and transfer of companies in Florida. Do you want to sell your business or buy a business? In FNBC Florida you will find a current list of companies for sale, as well as purchase requisitions for the same. Similarly, if you are looking for sell a business in florida in companies or mergers, you are on the right website. In many cases businesses or companies belonging to individual entrepreneurs end their life when the entrepreneur retires, because there are no heirs or those who exist are not interested in their continuity or cannot, for any reason, take over the same.
I'm starting to agree with you more, but every instinct in my body is telling me that giving Washington another blank check is a really bad idea. In my minds eye I can see senators lining up with pet pork projects for their home states and it makes me physically sick to my stomach
"Legally speaking, when you convert that bit-coin onto something else, the Israeli Tax Authority will look into the value of that something else, compare it to the original value of the previous something else you used to buy bit-coins (USD, in your example), and charge you capital gain taxes for the difference. According to the Israeli law you're supposed to pay taxes when selling (converting the bit-coin to something else), and since you're not using any formal bank or stock broker which will automatically deduct the taxes, you have to pay the taxes yourself. By not doing so you're committing a tax fraud. The real question you're asking is whether they'll come after you. Well, that depends on the amounts. They might. Pay attention: there's no statute of limitation for tax fraud in Israel. They may come after you in 50 years from now. Another thing to keep in mind: if you used bit-coins to buy something (services or products of any kind), you probably didn't pay the VAT (מע""מ) - which is another case of tax fraud on your behalf. PS: I'm not a lawyer or accountant, so get a professional advice, but I have been dealing with the Tax Authority in Israel, so I've got a pretty good idea of what the rules are."
I understand where you are coming from, but you vote with your dollars. As long as you are willing to fork over for shitty service and shitty products, they will keep lowering the bar and keep treating the employees worse. When people stop buying, they either change their tune or go out of business. The financial reality is if you actually want improved working conditions for their employees, you need to have the fortitude to refuse to subsidise substandard behaviors.
"Governments borrowing money doesn't create new money. When banks ""borrow"" money (i.e. take deposits), it does effectively create money because the depositor expects to be able to get the money back at any time, but the bank assumes that most won't actually do this and lends out most of the money to other people. If everyone did actually ask for their money back at once, the illusion of the extra money created by this process would collapse, and the bank would go bust. In contrast when governments borrow money, the loan isn't repayable on demand, it has a fixed maturity and the money is only repaid at the end of that period (plus interest at defined points during the period). So holders of government debt don't have money they can spend (they can turn it into money they can spend but only by finding someone else to buy it). So government debt doesn't create inflation in itself. If they printed money, then they'd be devaluing the money of everyone who had saved or invested, whereas if they borrow money and use taxes to repay it, the burden falls more evenly across the economy and doesn't disproportionately penalise certain sets of people."
My personal favorites are Options, Futures, and Other Derivatives by John C Hull Thinking Fast and Slow - Daniel Kahneman Expected Returns - Antti Ilmanen [check out the video : How to Think About Expected Returns] It is a 600 page book … A summary of it: Without a rational expectation of expected returns, investing can lead to severe disappointment and disillusionment.  Making a good model to forecast expected returns is so difficult. Near-term expectation is almost impossible. The key is very very much about focusing on the long-term, and on getting returns that are feasible, not outlandish. There are three pillars that are central: Practically, the work of an investment manager today involves finding many different sources of returns, and diversifying effectively between them, and finally being humble about what returns we can expect today.
According to TurboTax:  Of course. In fact, the government doesn't want you to amend until   you've already gotten your tax refund. You're free to cash your refund check or spend it once you have it.   You don't need to wait for your amendment to finish processing, which   can take another 3-4 months. If you owe money after amending, you'll just include payment with your   mailed amendment form. And if your amendment results in a second refund, you'll get a check   for the additional amount. So yes, you can cash out this check and then amend your return. If you end up owing money, you'll just pay it when you file your amended returns:
If one wants to have a bound on the loss percentages that are acceptable, this is would be a way to enforce that. For example, suppose someone wants to have a 5% stop-loss but doesn't want this to be worse than 10% as if the stock goes down more than 10% then the sell shouldn't happen. Thus, if the stock opened in a gap down 15% one day, this triggers the stop-loss and would exit at too low of a price as the gap was quite high as I wonder how familiar are you with how much a stock's price could change that makes the prices not be as continuous as one would think. At least this would be my thinking on a volatile stock where one may want to try to limit losses if the stock does fall within a specific range.
"There was a time when government policy was actually pretty damn smart. There were a range of ""automatic stabilizers"" that kicked in when there was a recession and they had a fast and large impact.  It wasn't until Reagan that we started to chip away at those as well as go into a perpetual debt stimulus posture. These two actions helped to prime the system for an inevitable ""large"" shock.  Even now, after one of the longest expansions in history we're STILL running a substantial deficit. And as such the appetite to expand it when the next recession hits will be diminished (as it was during the great recession when we really needed 3 trillion in stimulus spending and got less than 1)."
I don't think user4358's explanation is correct.  A trailing LIT Sell Order adjusts downwards, i.e. if you place the order with an Aux price (in TWS it's trigger price) of 105.00 and a trailing amount of 6.00 then, assuming the ask is 100.00, TWS will add the trailing amount to the ask price and if it's less than the trigger price it will adjust. So in my example, if the market (ask) goes straight up to 105.00, nothing will be adjusted, the trigger is touched and the limit order will be placed (see below). If on the the other hand the market goes down to 99.00 then trlng amt + ask is 105.00, if it goes further down to 98.00 then the trigger price will be adjusted to 104.00 (because it's less than the current trigger), and so on. For the LIT part you have either an absolute limit price you can enter, or you have an offset limit which will be subtracted from the trigger price, in which case it is adjusted as well. So back to my example, the trigger is now 104.00 and the limit offset is say 1.00, so my limit order would be placed at 103.00 if the ask ever touches 104.00, and that in turn is only visible if the bid touches 103.00 (because it's limit-if-touched). For a buy just use the same explanation with some swapped roles, the trigger price adjust upwards when the trailing amount plus bid is larger than the current trigger, and the limit offset will be added to the trigger price. Edit Also quite succinct and worth having a look at: http://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/trading/orders/trailingLimitTouched.php Guesswork, highly subjective As for why this might be good, well, you have to believe in momentum strategies, i.e. a market that goes down, will continue to go down, if you believe that and you believe in mean reversion as well, then a trailing limit order can assist you in not buying/selling impulsively, but closer to the mean.  I've never used it that way though. What I have done, even just now to get the explanation right, is to place trailing buy and sell orders simultaneously.  You will find that you can just go in with coarse estimates and because the adjustments will go towards each other, you will end up with a narrowing band of trigger prices (as opposed to trailing stop orders which will give you a widening band of trigger prices).  If you believe in overshooting and equilibria then this can be one easy way to profit from it.  I've just sold EURUSD for 1.26420 and bought it back at 1.26380 with a trailing amount of 5pips and a limit offset of 2pips within the time of writing this.
Start at Investopedia. Get basic clarification on all financial terms and in some cases in detail. But get a book. One recommendation would be Hull. It is a basic book, but quite informative. Likewise you can get loads of material targeted at programmers. Wilmott's Forum is a fine place to find coders as well as finance guys.
As you can see at https://www.google.com/finance?q=NASDAQ%3AAAPL the number of apple shares at this very moment is 5.25B, so if you have 1 share you own 1 / 5.25B of the company.
The shareholders can't all re-invest their dividends -- it's not possible. Paying a dividend doesn't issue any new shares, so unless some of the existing shareholders sell their shares instead of re-investing, there aren't any shares available for the shareholders to re-invest in.
It isn't Santander that's running XP, exactly, but that particular NCR machine.  Hasn't been upgraded because, presumably, they don't want to pay for the software.  That is, the actual ATM software running on top of Windows + drivers for the hardware.  I don't actually know what a full package costs, but I'm sure it's not cheap.  Modern ATMs--all the ones by major manufacturers, anyway--run some version of Windows.  For large ATMs like you'd see at drive ups in banks, there's a regular desktop-style PC inside.  Smaller ones often run CE on various flavors of all-in-one boards.  Source:  Bank equipment tech who fixes ATMs almost every day
It seems that you're complicating things quite a bit.  Why would you not create a business entity, open one or more bank accounts for it, and then have the money wired into those accounts?  If you plan on being a company then set up the appropriate structure for it. In the U.S., you can form an S-corporation or an LLC and choose pass-through taxation so that all you pay is income tax on what you receive from the business as personal income.  The business itself would not have tax liability in such a case. Co-mingling your personal banking with that of your business could create real tax headaches for you if you aren't careful, so it's not worth the trouble or risk.
"Here are a few things that you could try. But note that they are all capable of failing. They will just reduce the chance of you personally having a lost decade. First a quibble: John Bogle advocates a total stock market index (something like Vanguard's VTSMX) instead of an S&P fund, as the latter represents ""only"" 85% or so of the US market's total capitalization. Smaller companies behave slightly differently than members of the S&P, so this might provide a small help. Bogle also advocates holding some bonds in addition to equities. I'll expand on that below. Account for dividends. Just because the value of the index is the same as its value 10 or 20 years ago doesn't necessarily mean that decade was lost. The companies in the S&P are currently paying out an annualized dividend of about 2%. Even if the actual value of the index doesn't change, you're still getting that 2% per year.  Include bonds.  As I mentioned above, Bogle recommends holding some bonds. I have seen two common rules. One is to never have less than 20% of your total holdings in bonds, and never have more than 80% of your total holdings in bonds. The other popular rule is to hold your age in bonds. For example, I'm about 30, so I should keep about 30% of my holdings in bonds. Regardless of the split, rebalance periodically to keep yourself at that split. What effect would holding bonds have on a lost decade? To make the math easy, let's say you split your holdings evenly between an S&P fund and 10 year Treasuries. Coincidentally, 10 year T-notes have the same 2% yield as the S&P dividends. If you're getting that on half your holdings, and nothing on the other half, you're netting 1% per year. Not great, but not totally lost. To illustrate the effect of rebalancing, use my example of a 70/30 stock/bond split. The S&P lost about 50% of its value from its peak to the bottom of the market in early 2008. If you only held stock, you would need the market to increase in value by 100% in order for you to recover that value. If 30% of your holdings are in bonds, and you rebalance at exactly the bottom of the stock market, you only need the stock index to increase in value by about 80% from the bottom in order to make you whole again. I mention those two to emphasize that your investment return is not just a function of the price of a stock index. Dollar cost average. It's rare that you will actually face the situation of putting (say) $100,000 into the market all at once, let it sit for 10-20 years, then take it all out at once. The situation you face is closer to putting about $1000 into the market every month for 100 months. If you do that, then you're getting a different price for each purchase you make. Your actual return will be a weighted average of the return from each of those purchases. But note that this could help or hurt you. Using the chart Victor showed in his answer, if your lost decade is from one peak to the next peak, your average price will be below the price you would have entered and left at. So this helps. But if your lost decade is from trough to trough, then your average price is higher than the start and end price, so this has hurt you. Those are the two extreme cases, and the general case will be somewhere in between. And you can use these regular purchases to help you carry out your regular rebalancing. Foreign equities. Since you mention the S&P500 specifically, I assume that you are in the United States. The US equities is approximately 45% of the world equities market. So even if the S&P500 has a lost decade, it's unlikely that the rest of the world will also have a lost decade at the same time. For comparison, the Tokyo Stock Exchange is the third largest in the world (behind the US's NYSE and NASDAQ); the market cap of the TSE is less than 20% that of the combined market cap of the NYSE and the NASDAQ, which puts it at about 10% of the world's market cap. When the Nikkei had its lost decades, no one else had a lost decade. Note that buying foreign equities is more expensive than buying domestic, and it exposes you to fluctuations in the exchange rate of the currencies. But the benefit of diversification probably outweighs those downsides. And obviously it's easier to diversify away from Japan than it is to diversify away from the United States. But there are people who advocate holding exactly the market weight of every country in the world."
I bring ~500 usually, never walked with less than half, mostly because I realize after losing a couple hundred bucks that Id rather not lose the rest.  It really isnt difficult to get rooms compd, not like Im any kind of high roller.
Lets say Debit is what you pay and Credit is what somebody else pays for you. A Debit card will charge your bank account directly. A Credit card will charge your bank account some time later. In both cases the shop owner has the money available directly. It's called Credit because somebody believes you will be able to pay your debt on time (or later with an interest). As for purchase and sales. A customer buys = makes a purchase. A shopkeeper sells = makes a sale. Note from a bar: I made an agreement with the bank. They don't sell beer, I don't give Credit.
Haha, I bet. I think sometimes people in upper echelons of their fields assume they can understand others just as well while forgetting that the whole base layer of fundamentals that took to get there. Definitely a human problem, as we all tend to fall into that trap on occasion.  I'm a CPA so I have no intention doing the CFA, which came with its own set of misery. I just follow finance as a side interest. I definitely fall on the side of conservative when it comes to investing. When I see Tesla, red flags go up. It might pay off later, but it's not for me.    I actually just switched industries myself, went from a  manufacturing environment to a client based one focused on start ups. In another year or so I'll move on to another industry to plug in more gaps in my knowledge base. Depends on where the economy is at that point.
"You are looking to be made whole, so the requests need to be reasonable.  You need to be clear that you want: You aren't going to 'punish' the dry cleaner or anything else.  You don't want coupons or free service for future work, you want your pants or cash. If you send a letter, send it certified with a return receipt.  You want to be able to show a judge you made efforts outside of the court that you attempted to reconcile the issue.  Sending it certified is also a good way to indicate to the dry cleaner that you aren't going to just go away.  Be clear, firm and very polite.  You cannot blame or criticize the cleaner, simply state ""On YY/YY/YYYY date I didn't get my pants back; I want my pants or I want money by XX/XX/XXXX date."" If you want to picket, contact local law enforcement and find out the rules before picketing.  You can probably picket from a sidewalk, but that doesn't mean the dry cleaner won't approach you and get in your personal space.   If you hand out flyers, stick strictly to provable facts lest you be sued for defamation.  It is smarter to hand out a fact sheet or speak from a rehearsed script so that you don't say something that would be actionable.  Make sure you pick the busiest day of the week for a dry cleaner. (Weekends?) I don't think this is criminal, but you can sue.  Like others said, if you have the cleaning ticket (and the ticket doesn't absolve the dry cleaner of responsibility) you will probably get a judgement.  Be careful what you ask for, make sure you cover all of your costs (the pants, filing fees, time off of work, and collection efforts.)  Itemize all your requested costs and make sure they are reasonable.  You only want to be made whole, and that only means $160 or pants (plus fees) Just because you won in small claims doesn't mean you can collect easily.  Figure in your cost for collecting when you sue.  You might have to hire somebody to collect on your judgement.  If you hire somebody they will want a cut, so you might want to figure that out for your small claims.  I am guessing this is a local business, so it should be pretty easy to collect.  (Unless they go out of business, in which case you will get nothing.)"
"Quicken for Mac will track stocks and mutual funds and allows you to set the ""home"" currency."
"I have some money invested on Merrill Edge. 2 days ago I purchased some mutual funds with most of the rest of my money in my account. I logged in today to see how it did, and noticed that there are 3 sections: Priced Investments, Cash &amp; Money Accounts, and Pending Activity. In the Cash &amp; Money section, there shows a negative balance of Cash (let's say -$1,000) and a positive ""Money Account Value"" (let's say +$1,100).  The ""Money Account"" appears to be made up of $1 shares of something called ""ML Direct Deposit Program"". However, even though the mutual fund purchase was made 2 days ago, and the shares of the mutual funds are officially in my account, I'm still showing all of my ""Money Account"" shares ($1000). The balance sheet effectively makes it look like I somehow needed to have ""sold"" back my money account shares, converted them to cash, and then bought the funds. I'm hoping that isn't the case, and for some reason, there is a multiday lag between me buying stock and money getting deducted from my ""Money Account"". Hope that all makes sense.  TLDR: what's the diff between a Cash account and Money Account that's filled with shares of "" ML Direct Deposit Program""?  Edit: Today the cash and money account offset by equal values equal to one of my mutual fund purchases."
What these home sellers don't realize is that they don't have to carry the burden of finding a buyer all on their own. They can simply enlist the services of a real estate company, or better yet, a real estate broker with access to the Calgary MLS system.
Here are the few points: Hope that helps,
The simplest answer is that you can convert the IRA to a Roth, and since it was already taxed, pay no tax on conversion.  If, in your hypothetical situation, you happen to have an IRA already in place, you are subject to pro-rata rules on conversions, e.g. your balance is total $40K, $10K 'not deducted', a conversion is 75% taxed, convert $20K and the tax is on $15K of that money. But, there also might be a time when you are able to transfer IRA money into a 401(k), effectively removing the pretax deposits, and leaving just post tax money for a free conversion.
How can they reduce the number of shares I hold? They may have purchased them.  You don't say what stock it is, so we can only speculate.  Let's say that the stock is called PENNY.  So they may have taken your 1600 PENNY shares and renamed them to 1600 PENNYOLD shares.  Then they created a new $5 PENNY share and gave you .2357 shares of that in exchange for your 1600 PENNYOLD shares.  This suggests that your old shares were worth $1.1785 or less than a tenth of a cent each.   As an example, MYLAN did this in 2015 as part of their tax inversion (moved official headquarters from the US to Europe).  They did not change the number of shares at that time, but MYLAN is not a penny stock.   This is the kind of thing that might happen in a bankruptcy.   A reverse split (where they give you one share in exchange for more than one share) is also possible, although you received an odd amount for a reverse split.  Usually those produce rounder numbers.  A number like .2357 sounds more like a market price, as those can be bizarre.
Based on what current Model S owners are seeing in terms of battery degradation, the battery should still have 85% of it's original capacity after 300,000 miles. These cars will last a very very long time compared to a conventional automobile.
Things I do annually:
with me and my wife coming from different countries, and us both living in a non-native country, we have very little clue where we will eventually settle down. The answer depends on where you reside currently, tax rules and ability to move funds. As well as where you plan to settle down and the tax rules there. From what I understand, once you eventually retire and take an annuity from your pension you are then taxed on it as income anyway? Yes and No. For example if you move from US to India, stay in India for 7 years. You then move your retirement funds from US to India the entire amount would be taxable in India. but would this 'freedom' would come with significant costs in terms of savings at retirement? The cost would be hard to predict. It depends on the tax treatments in the respective countries on the retirement kitty.  It also depends on whether the country you are staying in will allow complete withdrawal and transfer of retirement funds without penalty.
&gt;Can't wait to see Toys'R'Us implode.  I don't think that will happen because they've got BabiesRUs.  What they've started doing is closing old ToysRUs locations, and opening new, combined versions of ToysRUs and BabiesRUs.  Moms come in to get clothes and diapers and leave with toys for the other kids.
Completely agree, my boss is a great guy and I wouldn't have it any other way.  I was going to be skipped for a raise because I was just hired, but he talked them into giving me one because I was under contract for two years.
A big issue for historical data in banking is that they don't/can't reside within a single system. Archives of typical bank will include dozen(s) of different archives made by different companies on different, incompatible systems. For example, see http://www.motherjones.com/files/images/big-bank-theory-chart-large.jpg as an illustration of bank mergers and acquisitions, and AFAIK that doesn't include many smaller deals. For any given account, it's 10-year history might be on some different system. Often, when integrating such systems, a compromise is made - if bank A acquires bank B that has earlier acquired bank C, then if the acquisition of C was a few years ago, then you can skip integrating the archives of C in your online systems, keep them separate, and use them only when/if needed (and minimize that need by hefty fees).  Since the price list and services are supposed to be equal for everyone, then no matter how your accounts originated, if 10% of archives are an expensive enough problem to integrate, then it makes financial sense to restrict access to 100% of archives older than some arbitrary threshold.
&gt; There were a lot of companies that cut full time jobs in favor of part time.  1) No, [employers didn't cut back full-time employees although some did cut hours of part-time employees to get them under 30 hours](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/yes-some-companies-are-cutting-hours-in-response-to-obamacare/).  2) My objection is not about part-time but that the ACA would not somehow make your company drop insurance.  Your company dropped it's plan because it chose to.
No. It's perhaps a bit obvious, but with the shorter term loan you would be contractually obligated to pay the higher monthly payment. By paying double on the longer loan, you retain the flexibility to pay less. And you would pay less interest if you truly doubled your payment on the longer loan. This is because you'd be paying off more of the principal more quickly. (But you'd also be making a slightly higher payment than on the shorter term loan.) You can play with the amortization calculator at Bankrate to understand this.
Social Lending may help you qualify for a loan, but doesn't necessarily provide better rates. You have to shop around to get the best rates, this is a market as any other, so don't expect one place to be consistently below the market - either the market will move, or the place will move eventually, everyone wants to earn the most for the buck.
"When employers can get everybody and their dog to apply for a given job, you need to have that four-leaf clover (or at least a referral, which, lucky me, I don't in almost all cases).   Or the best skills.  If you aren't at the top of your game, you probably won't get hired when there are 10 other people that are just as good.  You need to think of ways to creatively differentiate yourself from the competition.  ""And that terrifies me when I think about it that way.""  unsuccessful people generally think this way.  Everything happens to you rather than you being able to change it yourself.  ""Of course, all I can do is keep applying""  All of my best jobs came through my network for friends/acquaintances.  If you aren't getting any interviews, start going  to meetup groups in your industry and make friends.   This is another problem: people don't want to leave the comfort of their keyboard.  Sometimes you just need to get out there."
No - we're having fun seeing how long you avoid providing a single example of something you claimed was so universal any single one should suffice. It seems you totally pulled that statement out of your ass and now are so stubborn that admitting it must impact your psyche in some amazing way. So stubborn that you both don't address your claim, admit it is wrong, and yet you call us names for asking you to back up your statement. This is fun.   You still have not listed an empire that did not purchase it's own debt. Your entire argument fails.
"A $1 note and four quarters are both real money, but how (and when) they become real money is different. The important thing is that the Fed's stockpile of cash that it gets from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing isn't ""real money"" (i.e. M0) yet. That cash is only used for fulfilling withdrawals from reserve accounts. You can't use it to buy a car, or a house, or to pay Janet Yellen's salary...no one, not even Janet, can use even a single dollar to buy a Diet Coke. In other words, it's not really an asset. Or a liability. Or anything but a stack of paper in the Fed's vaults that looks astonishingly like money, but isn't. The upside to this is that when the BEP makes a delivery of fresh bills to the Fed, or when the Fed destroys old, ratty bills that aren't usable anymore, the Fed's balance sheet doesn't change. That's good! Those are practical considerations, not financial ones. The downside is that there's nothing on the asset side of the sheet to explain how the Fed's liability to a bank is reduced when the bank makes a cash withdrawal from its reserve account. So the Fed balances it's balance sheet by recording an increase in a different liability: the cash in circulation. Kinda like transferring the balance on a credit card: you're paying down one liability by increasing another one. It looks a bit silly, but less silly than recording the destruction of old bills as an ""expense"" of the face value of the bills. Coins, on the other hand, become money as soon as the Treasury gets them from the Mint. If they wanted to, they could pay their employees' salaries by ordering coins from the Mint for cheap, giving them to their employees at face value, and reaping fat profits as a result. In fact, that's pretty much exactly what they do: when someone wants quarters, the Treasury mints them at less than face value and then sells them at face value. In practice the Fed does all of this buying and then distributes the coins according to demand. The important thing is that this bunch of coins is not like the Fed's stockpile of bills. It's already real money, and therefore shows up as an asset. Not much. If the Fed bought coins at the cheaper price from the Mint instead, stockpiled them like they stockpile bills, then distributed them as usual, the extra profit just goes to the Treasury anyway, like all the Fed's profit does. However, as things are, the Fed's purchases of coins are recorded on the Fed's balance sheet at face value, which is kinda silly."
With rates expected to increase later this month, why is there a decreasing trend in mortgage interest rates?  I am thinking lenders might be lowering prices to grab more share in the run up, but don't have much data to back that up.
Many people have asked how to setup a business email address and if it's acceptable to use a third party email system like Aol or Gmail. Aol's mail system has always been less than efficient because of the massive amount of filtering they've had to implement in order to try and circumvent spam. Gmail is a great email system but corresponding via Gmail for business matters will probably appear unprofessional to some if not most. The most professional looking email address is usually the one that has a suffix which matches your domain name.
"If you are opposed to getting ""something for nothing"" because it created a subculture where there is no desire to earn a living simply because they have it pretty good without.  How do you feel about increasing the Estate Tax in the USA.  Many ""conservatives"" want to eliminate it.    As to community service for welfare, I assume your position is the wider the safety net, the more people will take unfair advantage of that and not work.  How do you explain the many nations that have wider safety nets than the USA and yet they have lower unemployment?   I agree with you on cuts in our military spending, simplifying the tax code, and banning the corporate involvement in campaign funding."
"Like all financial investments, the value of a bond is the present value of expected future cash flows.  The Yield to Maturity is the annualized return you get on your initial investment, which is equivalent to the discount rate you'd use to discount future cash flows. So if you discount all future cashflows at 6% annually*, you can calculate the price of the bond: So the price of a $1,000 bond (which is how bond prices are typically quoted) would be $1,097.12. The current yield is just the current coupon payment divided by the current price, which is 70/1,097.12 or 6.38% Question 3 makes no sense, since the yield to maturity would be the same if you bought the bond at market price Question 4 talks about a ""sale"" date which makes me think that it assumes you sold the bond on the coupon date, but you'd have to know the sale price to calculate the rate of return."
One of the main purposes of government is to take on risk the private sector can't shoulder (e.g. A bridge, not necessarily a money maker), and sponsor innovation. Regulation of things like fuel standards force industry to invest and adapt - this keeps the economy vibrant, stops complicity in business and promotes growth.   People view regulation as an all or nothing thing stifling innovation - not the case. Many regs are good. Look at clean water standards or even the Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule. POTUS numb nut over here just neutered the DOL fiduciary rule which would force investment advisor (brokers) to put a clients needs above their own, when investing in retirement accounts. GREAT for the average citizen- but coopted by the trumpers as government over regulating the economy. Sick.    Good example of supporting innovation  here. http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2013/01/japans-stimulus-propels-science-spending-new-heights  Info on fiduciary rule here (first bullet point).   http://www.dolfiduciaryrule.com/
It would be unfair to link Marissa's performance to her gender. It's just coincidental that she's both a woman AND a CEO of a major corporation.   Same goes for Carly and Meg. Don't link their gender with their performance. Men have failed equally (or more)
Always pay on time, and stop listening to whoever is telling you not to -- they are clueless. Credit cards are revolving accounts with a grace period. The balance owed is due on the statement date, and you have a grace period of 20-40 days to pay.  Paying bills on time is the single most important thing that you can do to have a good credit score. Always pay on time.
I don't want to get involved in trading chasing immediate profit  That is the best part. There is an answer in the other question, where a guy only invested in small amounts and had a big sum by the time he retired. There is good logic in the answer. If you put in lump sum in a single stroke you will get at a single price. But if you distribute it over a time, you will get opportunities to buy at favorable prices, because that is an inherent behavior of stocks. They inherently go up and down, don't remain stable. Stock markets are for everybody rich or poor as long as you have money, doesn't matter in millions or hundreds, to invest and you select stocks with proper research and with a long term view. Investment should always start in small amounts before you graduate to investing in bigger amounts. Gives you ample time to learn. Where do I go to do this ?  To a bank ? To the company, most probably a brokerage firm. Any place to your liking. Check how much they charge for brokerage, annual charges and what all services they provide. Compare them online on what services you require, not what they provide ? Ask friends and colleagues and get their opinions. It is better to get firsthand knowledge about the products. Can the company I'm investing to be abroad? At the moment stay away from it, unless you are sure about it because you are starting. Can try buying ADRs, like in US. This is an option in UK. But they come with inherent risk. How much do you know about the country where the company does its business ? Will I be subject to some fees I must care about after I buy a stock? Yes, capital gains tax will be levied and stamp duties and all.
As a CPA I can say, without a doubt, you do not owe any federal income tax. However, assuming all of you income was from your business and therefore subject to self-employment tax and you had no healthcare coverage, you would owe: $2,523 in Self-Employment Tax    645 in Healthcare Penalty $3,168 Total Amount You Should Owe. Assuming you have given us the right numbers, $3,300 sounds too high.
Maybe if fuckers like him could manage their house then government wouldn't have to bail them out and there wouldn't be a need for as much regulation. But no, he's going to keep gambling and expect tax payers to cover his losses, and then has the audacity to bitch about it. Fuck him.
GBP has already lost part of his value just because of the fear of Brexit. An actual Brexit may not change GBP as much as expected, but a no-Brexit could rise GBP really a lot.
Answering for just the US part, yes, you should be able to do this and it's a good strategy. The only additional gotcha I can think of is that if you've made after-tax contributions to your traditional IRA, you need to prorate the conversion, you can't just convert all the pre-tax or all the after-tax. I'm not familiar with Oregon personal income tax so there may be additional gotchas there.
The thing is that it's not just about not giving them money - it needs to be a full boycott. That means no torrenting, no streaming.   If everyone stops buying, but are still torrenting and talking about the latest episodes online and posting blogs and fanfiction and filling message boards and subreddits, it just makes their point for them. It would have to be a true boycott.
How is this stealing? Target offered a promotion and customers used the promotion.   If Target staff let people purchase items that weren't supposed to be included as part of the promotion, isn't it Target's fault for not properly training their staff?
"&gt;but these people truly think it is a choice  Too bad. We need to stop allowing people's feelings to have the same weight as facts and science. That's also how we're still have a ""vaccines cause autism/vaccines are bad!!"" situation.  &gt; It is the same case on opposite sides of the coin and should be treated the same  It's not, and the fact that I explained protected classes and you're doubling down indicates to me that you actually didn't want a discussion about this and had already made a decision that it's the same thing.  &gt; You cannot have it both ways, either you can choose whom you do business with, or you can't.  You can't choose to discriminate against protected classes based on their membership in that class. This isn't hard to follow."
Welcome to Havana, one of the world’s leading online books the Tour Package service for the holiday the Accommodations in Cuba. We believe passionately in the power of travel and strive each day to make quality travel experiences more accessible to Holiday rentals everyone. With over 350,000 properties in more than 150 countries, The company provides the best offers Holiday rentals in vinales and Affordable Accommodations in Cuba, from city apartments in Bratislava to chic studios in Slovakia, spacious lofts in Slovakia and beach houses on the exotic island. We operate our business under the idea that it is the small, local discoveries that make the holiday rentals something special. Our company is the ideal starting points for experiencing the many different types of the services.
Federal income taxes are indeed expenses, they're just not DEDUCTIBLE expenses on your 1120. Federal Income Tax Expense is usually a subcategory under Taxes. This is one of the items that will be a book-to-tax difference on Schedule M-1. I am presuming you are talking about a C corporation, as an S corporation is not likely to be paying federal taxes itself, but would pass the liability through to the members. If you're paying your personal 1040 taxes out of an S-corporation bank account, that's an owner's draw just like paying any of your personal non-business expenses. I would encourage you to get a tax professional to prepare your corporate tax returns. It's not quite as simple as TurboTax Business makes it out to be. ;) Mariette IRS Circular 230 Notice: Please note that any tax advice contained in this communication is not intended to be used, and cannot be used, by anyone to avoid penalties that may be imposed under federal tax law.
"Lots of webcomic sites now have ""tip jar"" links, or let supporters send money via services like Patrion. I presume other kinds of sites have developed similar solutions. I'd suggest you go out, wander the web a bit looking for such, then contact the sites' owners to ask how it's been working for them"
"If the default happens through mass monetary inflation rather than openly (""We're not paying interest on our bonds"") then make sure you pay off your house.  There may not be a very long window to do so. If the currency becomes worthless, then it depends on what you have of value that would be accepted by the lender as payment.  If you don't have anything, the lender will take it back, as they're probably entitled to on the notes."
"First IANAL! This is going to depend on the kind of points. If it's an internal point system that the business is doing on their own, then they may very well, give you that many ""extra"" points. They may really not care. Specially if the cost of the points is low enough. Remember that steak dinner that you paid $60 for only really cost them $2 and that they use $60 worth of points on it.  If the point system is tied to a bank or credit card, then it's far more likely that the ""just use them"" is not the proper answer. The company doing the reimbursing is giving the location $60 and using your points. The points have a much higher value.  With that said, your responsibility is to notify, and follow their rules. So notify them in writing, and use the rewards card as you normally would. If your being honest, then the worst that happens is that your point balance is a little negative (because you spent 100 points but really only had 98 after adjustment).  Most likely, if your being honest, they will just eat the few points over that you went on accident.  If you get an answer in writing to just keep the points, then I guess you know where your daughter's wedding reception will be. Let's hope it's a classy place. Of course, as a 'good' person (or maybe a 'stupid' person), I should call them, (wait 30 minutes in the queue), and then try to explain the issue to the service desk. I actually did that, and the guy thought I am nuts to even call, and told me to 'just use them they are yours now'. I don't feel like calling again and again until I get someone that believes it, just to return them their points. You will want to do this in writing. Email will work, but you really want a paper trail, either way. I could just toss the card and forget about it. However, I had quite some points on it that really belong to me, so that feels like I pay for their fault. There is no need to do this. It's like a bank error. Talk to them and they will give you an answer. In the mean time, do your best to only use the points you actually have. Use them and play stupid. It's not my duty to check their math, right? Probably nobody will ever care (let's keep religious considerations out here). What would be the consequences if they do realize their error some day in the far future? (I understand this borders on a legal question). Nope, don't do this. If you play dumb and spend 5000 points when you know you only have around 100, best case scenario you end up with -4900 points (effectively canceling the benefit of the card). You may also be banned form the program, the location, the network, etc. Worst case scenario they want the monetary value of the points and sue you for it, and the legal fees. It may even be considered fraud.  TL;DR Use your card, but be honest, and handle the mistake in writing."
&gt; In fact, it had been public knowledge that they were selecting one of our competitors. As it turned out, the reason for their mid-course change was ... Bob.  The competition lost the $4m. Bob didn't like them.
Then: (do these in whatever order)  35 is not mid-life.  You're on the tail end of the age to get started on retirement planning. Being single, relatively young, and a great income level, you are ideally situated to consider FIRE'ing yourself. (Financial Independent, Retire Early).  The basic idea is to invest a large chunk of your income and establish your comfort level balancing frugality and comfort.  There's a table on one of the FIRE websites that shows a graph between % of income saved and the number of years it takes to save enough to be financially independent.  If you can go over 50% savings, you can get down to about 10 years.  In this case, financially independent is where you can live on a safe percentage of withdrawal from your savings without depleting the savings.  At that point, you no longer need to work for a paycheck.  You would only do so to extend the savings, increase the safe withdraw rate, or because you want to do something that makes you feel productive.
"Even under the executive exemption, see Exemption for Executive Employees Under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) Section 13(a)(1) as defined by Regulations, 29 CFR Part 541, it seems that a minimum compensation is required. To qualify for the executive employee exemption, all of the following tests must be met: The employee must be compensated on a salary basis (as defined in the regulations) at a rate not less than $455 per week... etc. There is one other possibility under FLSA Section 13(a)(1), as a ""bona fide exempt executive"". Exemption of Business Owners   Under a special rule for business owners, an employee who owns at least a bona fide 20-percent equity   interest in the enterprise in which employed, regardless of the type   of business organization (e.g., corporation, partnership, or other),   and who is actively engaged in its management, is considered a bona   fide exempt executive."
It's an over crowded boat I'm sure. She hasn't had insurance all year either. She switched departments at the end of last year and they said she had to wait for open enrollment to come around again. So it wasn't by choice that she's been uninsured. It really baffles me that her company, a healthcare provider, would let their employees go through this.
Funerals can be a very difficult time, and if you are looking for a way to show that you care, you may be looking for funeral flowers in Calgary that can meet your needs. At All Flowers and Gifts, we have a full selection of funeral arrangements that you can send to those you care about. #Calgary #Flower #Delivery #Florists #Shops
Some examples where an HOA is a positive thing: 1) Amenities: Maybe it is professionally maintained landscaping at the front of the subdivision, or a playground, or community pool. An HOA provides a convenient way to have things like that and share the costs among all the people who benefit. 2) Legal Advocacy: I live in a neighborhood (rural) without an HOA. My neighbor decided to start an auto-repair shop on his property which was CLEARLY a violation of the covenants. There isn't really a Government body you can report them to that will swoop in and make them stop a neighbor from destroying your property values even if they signed an agreement when they bought it to the contrary. You need to hire a lawyer and sue them and that costs money and time. Also, in many cases if you wait too long they can get an exception grandfathered in because no one raised an issue about it. An HOA exists to watch for this kind of thing and nip it in the bud rather than making homeowners have to hassle with the time/expense. 3) Independence: Assuming no HOA, and assuming you are okay with suing your neighbor over violating a covenant. That makes for a very uncomfortable situation between you and that neighbor. Having a neutral 3rd party take action on your behalf anonymously can greatly help that situation. It's not all about making people ditch their basketball goals, or garden gnomes. They also protect you from other obnoxious stuff like junky mobile homes in high-end neighborhoods, the guy who blocks half the street permanently with his RV/Boat parked on the curb, three foot tall grass that is an eyesore and a fire hazard, a taco stand opening in your neighbors garage,  etc.
"Have you lived in Northwest Arkansas? The strangest thing is the forced social separation between Walmart employees and vendor employees (ie. the *entire* rest of the neighborhood).  Walmart employees will literally bring their own rolls and hot dogs to a cook-out so there isn't controversy that the regional guy on Ball Park Franks isn't ""bribing"" Walmart buyers.  I get where it comes from, but it seems like you have to go out of your way on even your day to day living. Weird culture."
"Taxing the money people earn from others without doing work is no more punishment than taxing people who earn money by working.  It's not a matter of who's wrong, but what's fair and what makes a healthy prosperous economic system.  I don't think this will do that, but crying ""what did the rich ever do to deserve taxes"" is a ridiculous argument."
"Well, as you say, the instructions for form W-2 (for your employer to fill out) say You must report all employer contributions (including   an employee's contributions through a cafeteria plan) to   an HSA in box 12 of Form W-2 with code W. Employer   contributions to an HSA that are not excludable from the   income of the employee also must be reported in boxes 1,   3, and 5. However, while it's your employer's job to fill out W-2 correctly, it's only your job to file your taxes correctly. Especially as you say your box 1/3/5 income is correct, this isn't too hard to do. You should file Form 8889 with your return and report the contributions on Line 9 as Employer Contributions. (And as you say, both what the employer contributed outright and what you had deducted from your pay are both Employer Contributions.) Be sure to keep your final pay stub for the year (or other documentation) showing that your employer did contribute that amount, just in case the IRS does end up questioning it for some reason.  If you really want to, you could try calling the IRS and letting them know that you have contributions that weren't reported on your W-2 to see if they want to follow up with your employer about correcting their documentation, if your efforts have been fruitless. There's even a FAQ page on the IRS site about how to contact them when your employer isn't giving you a correct W-2 and how to fill out a Form 4852 instead of using the W-2, which I'd recommend if the amount of income listed was wrong or if there were some other more ""major"" problem with the form. Most likely, though, since it's not going to affect the amount of tax anybody will pay, it's not going to be at the top of their list. I would worry more filling out the forms you need to fill out correctly rather than worrying about the forms your employer isn't filling out correctly."
Don't forget inflation.   With a Roth 401k (or IRA), you don't pay any taxes on inflationary or real gains.  You pay taxes at the beginning and then no more taxes (unless you invest money after you distributed from it).   With a regular, taxable investment account (not a 401k or IRA), you pay taxes on the initial amount.  And then you pay taxes on the gains, both inflationary and real.  So you effectively pay taxes on the inflated principal twice.  Once at initial earning and once when it shows up as inflationary gains.  I'll give an example later.   With a traditional 401k (or IRA), you pay no taxes on the initial amount.  You pay taxes on the distributed amount.  That includes taxes on gains, but it only taxes them once, not twice.  All the taxes are paid at distribution time.   Here's a semirealistic example.  This is not a real example with real numbers, but the numbers shouldn't be ridiculously off.  They could happen.  I'm going to ignore variation and pretend that all the numbers will be the same each year so as to simplify the math.   So you pay a 25% marginal tax rate and want to invest $12,000 plus any tax savings.   Roth:  $12,000 principal Traditional IRA (Trad):  $16,000 principal with $4000 in tax savings Taxable Investment Account (TIA):  $12,000 principal Let's assume that you make an 8% rate of return and inflation is 3%.  Both numbers are possible, although higher and lower numbers have occurred in the past.  That gives you returns of $960 for the Roth and TIA cases and a return of $1280 for the Trad case.  Pay no annual taxes on the Roth or Trad cases.  Pay 25% marginal tax on the TIA case, that's $240.   Balances after one year:   Roth:  $12,960 Trad:  $17,280 TIA:  $12,720 Inflation decreases the value of the Roth and TIA cases by $360 in the Roth and TIA cases.  And by $480 in the Trad case.   Ten years of inflationary gains (cumulative):   Roth:  $5354 Trad:  $7138 TIA:  $4872 Net buildup (including inflationary gains): Roth:  $25,907 Trad:  $34,543 TIA:  $23,168 Real value (minus inflation to maintain spending power):   Roth:  $20,554 Trad:  $27,405 TIA:  $18,109 Now take out $3000 per year, after taxes.  That's $3000 in the the Roth and TIA cases, as you already paid the taxes.  In the Trad case, that's $4000 because you have to pay 25% tax which will cost $1000.   Do that for five years and the new balances are  Roth:  $9931 Trad:  $13,241 TIA:  $5973 The TIA will run out in the 8th year.  The Roth and Trad will both run out in the 9th year.   So to summarize.  The Traditional IRA initially grows the most.  The TIA grows the least.  The TIA is tax-advantaged over the Traditional IRA at that point, but it still runs out first.  The Roth IRA grows about the same as the Traditional after taxes are included.   Note that I left out the matching contribution from a 401k.  That would help both those options.  I assumed that the marginal tax rate would be 25% on the Traditional IRA distributions.  It might be only 15%, which would increase the advantage of the Traditional IRA.  I assumed that the 15% rate on capital returns would still be true for the entire period.  If that is increased, the TIA option gets a lot worse.   Inflation could be higher or lower.  As stated earlier, the TIA account is hit the worst by inflation.
Yes you can get them from your broker.  Two main advantages I can see are:
How are you even comparing a turkey, that will be eaten, to child abuse?  Its not even the same ballpark, hell, its not even the same sport.  Its not about everything dies.  Its about, they are raised simply to eat.  Who cares if the handlers are mean to them.
I strongly recommend you to invest in either stocks or bonds. Both markets have very strict regulations, and usually follow international standards of governance. Plus, they are closely supervised by local governments, since they look to serve the interests of capital holders in order to attract foreign investment. Real estate investment is not all risky, but regulations tend to be very localized. There are federal, state/county laws and byelaws, the last usually being the most significant in terms of costs (city taxes) and zoning. So if they ever change, that could ruin your investment. Keeping up with them would be hard work, because of language, legal and distance issues (visiting notary's office to sign papers, for example). Another thing to consider is, specially on rural distant areas, the risk of forgers taking your land. In poorer countries you could also face the problem of land invasion, both urban and rural. Solution for that depends on a harsh (fast) or socially populist (slow) local government. Small businesses are out of question for you, frankly. The list of risks (cash stealing, accounting misleading, etc.) is such that you will lose money. Even if you ran the business in your hometown it would not be easy right?
It depends on the asset and the magnitude of the exchange rate change relative to the inflation rate. If it is a production asset, the prices can be expected to change relative to the changes in exchange rate regardless of magnitude, ceteris paribus. If it is a consumption asset, the prices of those assets will change with the net of the exchange rate change and inflation rate, but it can be a slow process since all of the possessions of the country becoming relatively poorer cannot immediately be shipped out and the need to exchange wants for goods will be resisted as long as possible.
Because it's a declining company and used as an institutional sized pump and dump with a new toxic financing every week. Look up Kalani Investments - they're behind it all.
This is normal for credit cards.  As long as you make the credit card company's cutoff time, they will make the funds available on your credit card rather than make you wait for them to actually get the funds from your bank. The amount of time this takes actually can vary significantly from bank to bank. You do want to make sure funds are available in your bank account for them to withdraw when they do take them though. If not, the payment would get returned and can set red flags on your credit card account that take a while to drop off.
Use an exchange traded fund ETF, namely SPDR MSCI Japan EUR Hdg Ucits ETF. It is hedged and can be bought in the UK by this broker State Street Global Advisors on the London Stock Exchange LSE.  Link here. Article on JAPAN ETF hedged in Sterling Pound here.
"unless it tastes good. Occasionally, I believe that a very small portion of the population will forgo ""real food"" for some quick serve food that they happen to like: Chipotle Barbacoa burrito with marinated roast beef, black beans, grated cheese, sour cream, rice with lime and cilantro, and roasted chili corn salsa. And brought you by McDonald's. In the Austin area, they have taken a page from authentic Mexican food and serve Chipotle food from a truck. The irony is delicious."
I don’t know specifics of the situation but one possibility would be that Buffett may have billions in various assets etc companies he owns, stocks bonds, but if he doesn’t sell any of those stocks or cash in any of those bonds, then on paper he didn’t make any money that year because he’s letting the assets appreciate. I would say net income is the amount of income you claimed that year, so if you had sold some stock, the amount of money you sold them for would be your income. As opposed to net worth being “if they wanted to” if Buffett sold all of his stocks and assets, he would be able to get billions for it. So while he technically is worth billions, on his tax returns he doesn’t claim much income.
"Members of the Federal Reserve System keep track of what money a bank has (if it's not in the vault), who owns what shares of stock, who owns what bond, etc. The part of the Federal Reserve System that tracks stock ownership is the Depository Trust Company (DTC). They have a group of subsidiaries that settle various types of security transactions. DTC is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a limited-purpose   trust company under New York State banking law and a registered   clearing agency with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There's lots of information on their website describing this process. DTCC's subsidiary, The Depository Trust Company (DTC), established in   1973, was created to reduce costs and provide clearing and settlement   efficiencies by immobilizing securities and making ""book-entry""   changes to ownership of the securities. DTC provides securities   movements for NSCC's net settlements1, and settlement for institutional   trades (which typically involve money and securities transfers between   custodian banks and broker/dealers), as well as money market   instruments. Black pools are trades done where the price is not shared with the market. But the DTC is the one who keeps track of who owns which shares. They have records of all net transactions2. The DTC is the counterparty for transactions. When stock moves from one entity to another the DTC is involved. As the central counterparty for the nation's major exchanges and   markets, DTCC clears and settles virtually all broker-to-broker equity 1. This is the link that shows that settlements are reported on a ""net basis"". 2. If broker A sells 1000 shares of something to broker B at 8 and then five minutes later broker B sells the 1000 shares back to A, you cannot be sure that that total volume will be recorded. No net trading took place and there would be fees to pay for no reason if they reported both trades. Note: In dark pool trading quite often the two parties don't know each other. For shares (book-keeping records) to be exchanged it has to be done through a Clearing House."
But this isn't cash though, its credit card. They'll just chargeback and we have to now report it to the police for stolen items. But we followed the general procedure, and the thieves had the pin of the CC which is why I'm a bit confused. Now we still have to verify the signature, but if the signature ends up being right should we get the money back? Because at this point the CC holder should be a lot more responsible about the CC and other people shouldn't know their PIN. If anything the signature is understandable cause you can just forge it since its in the back of the card.
I live 15 minute from the Horseshoe casino opening next month in baltimore and 20 from Maryland Live.  Id still MUCH rather go to the Borgata in AC, just because it is so so so much nicer.  I usually go there a few times a year, ill go to MD Live if my friends want to and Im bored.  AC casino = compd rooms, free drinks and nicer restaurants .  I go for little getaways though, for people who just wanna go play cards for a couple hours it makes sense.
"&gt;For a whole lot of reasons that are topics for another discussion, decisions were made that eventually led to the abandonment of the ""gold standard"" and now the dollar, like most modern currencies, is pure fiat paper: it's only ""worth"" whatever everyone agrees it is worth, and can only be ""redeemed"" by trading it to someone else for whatever they will give you for it. **There are long, loud, and ongoing feuds over whether that was a good idea, and I'm not going to get into that here.**  ... well, damn. You sure you don't wanna get into that sort of thing? Now I'm intensely curious."
Buy it at the close. That way you won't lose money (even if marked to market) on the day.
BATS CHi-X Europe is a market maker. They provide liquidity to the order books of different kinds of equities on certain exchanges. So the London Stock Exchange lists equities and the order books show the orders of different market participants. Most of those market participants are market makers. They allow others to complete a trade of an equity closer to the price that persons wants, in a faster time period and in larger amounts, than if there were no market makers providing liquidity.
Am I right to worry about both of these? Of course. Who carries $75K in cash for no good reason? Your friend got the cash from somewhere, didn't he? If its legit - there's paper trail to show. Same for your parents. If you/they can show the legit paper trail - there's nothing to worry about, the hassle, at worse, is a couple of letters to the IRS. If the money is not legit (your friend is selling crack to the kids in the hood and your parents robbed a 7/11 to give you the money, for example) - there may be problems.
While statistics do not necessarily apply to one individual's particular situation, you may want to google MIT's Wayward Sons report. Among many things, they do an analysis of ROI on college education. It is the highest it has been in history.
Mostly, when an equity's price rises, its statistical and implied volatilities fall and vice versa. The reason why is a mathematical phenomenon mixed with the reality that a unceasingly falling asset price will soon not exist, skewing the results with survivorship bias.   Since volatility is standard deviation of price indexes, a security that changes in price by the same amount every day will have lower volatility, so a rising price will have lower implied volatility because its mostly experiencing positive daily price change while a recently falling price will have higher volatility because factored together with the positive price changes, the negative price changes will widen the standard deviation of the securities price index. Quantitatively, any change, in or out of one's favor, is a risk because change is uncertain, and any uncertainty is a risk. This quantitative interpretation while valid runs almost totally counter to the value opinion, that a lower price relative to value is a lower risk than a higher price relative to value, but both have their place in time. Over long time periods, it's best to use the value interpretation, quantitative for shorter.  Using the opposite has hastily destroyed many a fund manager.
"The complaint isn't based on facts. It's based on pure protectionism. Boeing doesn't even build this class of airplane. **The Bombardier C-series would compete with the 717 which Boeing hasn't built in over ten years**.   &gt;*""In the Delta Air Lines deal, the airline began talking with Boeing about used E-190s and used Boeing 717s. Boeing had 19 E-190s to dispose of, having committed to take them in on trade as part of an order with Air Canada for the 737 MAX. Delta purchased the 19 E-190s, but rejected the 717s because none was available during the period it required and there were not enough used 717s in any event. Delta called the 737-7 MAX uneconomical vs CSeries, rooted in 1960s design and an inefficient shrink.""*  &gt;*""Delta testified Boeing never offered any new-build aircraft because Boeing doesn’t have an offering in the 100-125 seat sector and it didn’t have any available delivery positions in the period required.""*   Secondly, Boeing holds the **[#1 spot on the most heavily subsidized companies in the US](https://subsidytracker.goodjobsfirst.org/top-100-parents)**, so even if their allegations were true, for Boeing to suggest that another company benefits from subsidies is a case of a very, very, very large pot calling a teeny-tiny kettle, black.    Lastly, to respond in kind to Boeing and the Trump administration, the Canadian governemt should be cancelling it's $2,800,000,000 Boeing Super Hornet order and exerting pressure on **[Air Canada to dump its $6,500,000,000 order for 61, Boeing 737 Max airplanes?](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/air-canada-orders-61-boeing-737-max-jets-1.2460560)** You know, because Boeing is heavily subsidized and all..."
Capitalism finances an expansive state; see: Military-Industrial Complex, Prisons-for-Profit, etc. Capitalists bribe whatever state exists to profit themselves. If the state is small, they argue that part of it that would benefit them should be expanded. If the state is large, they will simply co-opt what exists, through bribery or plush post-government jobs.  In the unlikely event you were able to keep the state small in the face of billions of dollars of bribery to elected officials and marketing to rubes, the *global* corporations would have it that much easier, wouldn't they?
Leaders come together from very different professional and business perspectives, such as functions, product, or lines of business. They often need to vie for resources, influence, and sometimes even their superior’s job. This is all part of the deal--to represent their unique perspectives, to have a say about their beliefs, and ultimately to run the place if they get the nod.
Yup, they have no moat. Therefore, except for the few die hards who believe in Whole Foods mission (and that's now gone since Amazon now owns them), there's not a compelling proposition to continue shopping there.  In 2015, Costco became the biggest grocer of organic food. I think they continue to hold that top title.   http://www.businessinsider.com/costco-becomes-top-seller-of-organic-food-2015-6
That is what most people in Austin were thinking.  There is a Sears here that has been closing for ~2 years now.  The second floor always looks like a construction zone.  They would have been an odd addition to our city as well.  Austin tends to be hip and tech oriented.  Sears is neither of those.
&gt;  It's got autopilot features, intelligent diagnostic systems, and the current line of Tesla are the safest vehicles on the planet. Not to mention it's extremely reliable.  Actually things like autopilot are optional and very expensive.  Extremely reliable? Might want to look at some reviews. Consumer Reports took back their recommendation after all the issues. There are tons of issues
"Generally when you open a new account, you'd be given a checkbook (usually ""starter"" checks with no personal information, but some banks will later mail you a proper checkbook with your personal details) and a debit card (again, some banks will give you a ""starter"" one on the spot with a personalized following up in the mail, others will mail you). With the debit card you can use your bank's ATM to withdraw cash from your account, or use it for purchases (will debit, as the name says, directly from your account). You can also use it in other ATMs, but that will usually be with significant fees ($2-$5 per withdrawal to both the ATM owner and your bank). Checks - you can write a check to someone or use the check to go to the cashier in the bank and withdraw money (although usually they have special withdrawal slips for that in the branches, so you don't really need to waste your own checks). As to how to deposit money in your home country - you'll have to check with the bank you have an account at back at home. Usually, you can ""wire"" transfer money from your BoA account to the account back home, but that is usually comes at a fee of about $30-$50 per transfer (in the US, additional fees may be charged at the receiving end + currency conversion costs). You can also write yourself a check and deposit that check at the home country bank, but that depends on the specific bank whether it is possible, how much it would cost, and how long it would take for them to credit the money to your account after they take your check - may take weeks with personal checks."
That used to be the case with pursuing a PhD, but now many US institutions prefer you stay with them after the MS and get a PhD through them as well.  If you think of it like a job, during an MS the instituion is basically funding your training, and their hope is that they can benefit from the research you produce as a PhD candidate.  So it is difficult to find funding for a MS alone, but if you apply as a PhD candidate from the beginning they will fund you through the entire process.  There is no contractual obligation, you can leave after you receive the MS regardless.
The Trinity study looked at 'safe' withdrawal rates from retirement portfolios. They found it was safe to withdraw 4% of a portfolio consisting of stocks and bonds. I cannot immediately find exactly what specific investment allocations they used, but note that they found a portfolio consisting largely of stocks would allow for the withdrawal of 3% - 4% and still keep up with inflation. In this case, if you are able to fund $30,000, the study claims it would be safe to withdraw $900 - $1200 a year (that is, pay out as scholarships) while allowing the scholarship to grow sufficiently to cover inflation, and that this should work in perpetuity. My guess is that they invest such scholarship funds in a fairly aggressive portfolio. Most likely, they choose something along these lines: 70 - 80% stocks and 20 - 30% bonds. This is probably more risky than you'd want to take, but should give higher returns than a more conservative portfolio of perhaps 50 - 60% stocks, 40 - 50% bonds, over the long term. Just a regular, interest-bearing savings account isn't going to be enough. They almost never even keep up with inflation. Yes, if the stock market or the bond market takes a hit, the investment will suffer. But over the long term, it should more than recover the lost capital. Such scholarships care far more about the very long term and can weather a few years of bad returns. This is roughly similar to retirement planning. If you expect to be retired for, say, 10 years, you won't worry too much about pulling out your retirement funds. But it's quite possible to retire early (say, at 40) and plan for an infinite retirement. You just need a lot more money to do so. $3 million, invested appropriately, should allow you to pull out approximately $90,000 a year (adjusted upward for inflation) forever. I leave the specifics of how to come up with $3 million as an exercise for the reader. :) As an aside, there's a Memorial and Traffic Safety Fund which (kindly and gently) solicited a $10,000 donation after my wife was killed in a motor vehicle accident. That would have provided annual donations in her name, in perpetuity. This shows you don't need $30,000 to set up a scholarship or a fund. I chose to go another way, but it was an option I seriously considered. Edit: The Trinity study actually only looked at a 30 year withdrawal period. So long as the investment wasn't exhausted within 30 years, it was considered a success. The Trinity study has also been criticised when it comes to retirement. Nevertheless, there's some withdrawal rate at which point your investment is expected to last forever. It just may be slightly smaller than 3-4% per year.
The requirement is to report the highest balance on the account, it has nothing to do with your income.
In Australia anyone thinking about retirement should be concentrating on superannuation. Contribution is compulsory (I think the current minimum contribution rate is 9.5% of salary) and both contributions and investment returns are very tax efficient. The Government site is quite comprehensive - http://www.australia.gov.au/topics/economy-money-and-tax/superannuation - have a read and come back with any specific questions.
I've looked into the Russia ties stuff enough to say that if you are involved in government projects or IP related work you should steer clear of them.  No there isn't anything concrete but either someone really wants someone like me to think they have interesting and complex ties to the Russian Gov or that they do have interesting and complex ties to the Russian Gov. Either way, fine for home use or Small to Medium business use that doesn't tie around IP, Gov or otherwise projects of 'interest' to external Governments.
The mechanism of supply and demand is imperfect.  Producers don't know exactly how many purchasers/consumers for a good there are.  Some goods, by their nature, are in short supply, and some are plentiful. The process of price discovery is one where (in a nominally free market) producers and purchasers make offers and counter-offers to assess what the price should be.  As they do this the historical price changes, usually floating around some long-term average.  As it goes up, we experience inflation.  As it goes down, deflation. However, there isn't a fixed supply of producers and purchasers, so as new ones arrive and old ones leave, this too has an impact on supply and prices. Money (either in electronic or physical form) needs to be available to reflect the transactions and underpin the economy. Most central banks (at least in more established economies) aim for inflation of 2-4% by controlling the availability of money and the cost of borrowing new money.  There are numerous ways they can do this (printing, issuing bonds, etc.). The reason one wants some degree of inflation is because employees will never accept a pay cut even when one would significantly improve the overall economy.  Companies often decrease their prices in order to match lower demand, but employees don't usually accept decreased wages for decreased labour demand. A nominal degree of overall money inflation therefore solves this problem.  Employees who get a below-inflation wage increase are actually getting a wage cut. Supply and demand must be matched and some inflation is the inevitable consequence of this.
I'm not sure if you've seen any of the articles recently on vanilla bean commodity. Huge demand with decreased supply due to a slew of factors. So, currently, vanilla bean is being sold at an astronomical price although I assume the supply is coming. Any idea how to short that?
Steel building kits are now being preferred by a lot of industry. The kits make it very easy and convenient for erecting a building in half the time and cost. One of the main reasons for using the steel building is that they provide safety from various elements like no other materials.
The lottoplayingtowin give a chance for the big jackpot in the lottery system. Lotto is the original in-state Draw Game that creates millionaires. The jackpot prize starts at $1 million and grows until someone hits all six numbers. The game also offers three additional ways to win cash. If you want to tip, how to win lotto, then you can visit our company website. There are some useful tips and tricks on How to play the lottery to win in a perfect manner.
"&gt; How unprofessional.  That's Walmart though, right? If they were professional, the hourly employees might be working somewhere else.  ---  My local Walmart is a real circus. I was there last night and the ""greeter"" allowed a lady to walk in with her Rottweiler. She didn't even have the pretend ""service animal"" thing on it. Just walked right in.   Not only that, I walked down the aisle a ways and I heard barking - but not a Rottweiler bark, a Dachshund was barking *at* the Rottweiler from a shopping cart. I long for the day people have to carry paperwork to prove their nasty, obese pets are not true service animals.  All the while, for the past 5-6 months (at least) the PA has a buzzing sound in it. It buzzes for ~3 minutes, it's off for 30 seconds (long enough for you to notice it's off) then it starts again. Morning, afternoon, night - it doesn't matter.  I've brought the issue up to different managers on many occasions and they say ""Oh, that's just the speaker system."" No, morons. It's not *just* the speaker system. I can't believe the store manages survive any regional manager visit.   I live in a tourist area so when it's not completely overrun with out-of-towners, it shows how ramshackle it is. (Oh, and I've tried to call 1-800-WALMART to report the issues, but it's met with a very Sourthern-accented lady saying in some convoluted way how all customer service agents are busy and I should call back.)"
"Institutions and market makers tend to try and stay delta neutral, meaning that for every options contract they buy or write, they buy or sell the equivalent underlying asset. This, as a theory, is called max pain, which is more of an observation of this behavior by retail investors. This as a reality is called delta hedging done by market makers and institutional investors. The phenomenom is that many times a stock gets pinned to a very even number at a particular price on options expiration days (like 500.01 or 499.99 by closing bell). At options expiration dates, many options contracts are being closed (instutitions and market makers are typically on the other side of those trades, to keep liquidity), so for every one standard 100 share contract the market maker wrote, they bought 100 shares of the underlying asset, to remain delta neutral. When the contract closes (or get rid of the option) they sell that 100 shares of the underlying asset. At mass volume of options traded, this would cause noticeable downward pressure, similarly for other trades it would cause upward pressure as institutions close their short positions against options they had bought. The result is a pinned stock right above or below an expiration that previously had a lot of open interest. This tends to happen in more liquid stocks, than less liquid ones, to answer that question. As they have more options series and more strike prices. No, this would not be illegal, in the US attempting to ""mark the close"" is supposedly prohibited but this wouldn't count as it, the effect of derivatives on stock prices is far beyond the SEC's current enforcement regime :) although an active area of research"
&gt; Cisco, which has acquired more than 170 companies, decided it was more efficient — and more economical — to hire its own full-time bankers rather than pay millions of dollars in fees each time it struck a deal.  &gt; “Our heritage has been embracing M.&amp;A. as a way to enter new markets,” said Hilton Romanski, Cisco’s head of corporate development, who started his career as a JPMorgan banker. “It makes sense to build a relatively scaled effort around M.&amp;A. with teams and talent that understand the market.”  &gt; Facebook has hired bankers away from Credit Suisse and Jefferies, among other companies, and gives them more responsibility than they would have at a bank. “They can run a deal from beginning to end,” Mr. Zoufonoun said. “As an analyst, they were doing one part of a pitch deck.”  &gt; At Google, Mr. Harrison has an employee looking after the deal needs of each of the company’s 12 product areas, like ads, YouTube and search. That person goes to all meetings held by the senior members of that group, staying attuned to possible acquisition needs.  &gt; But the hours are not necessarily any better than on Wall Street, said Mr. Zoufonoun, who stayed up several nights in a row working to close the WhatsApp deal and fell asleep at the office the day it was announced.
"Summary of accepted answer: Your ""loss"" will not count as a loss (to the IRS).  Which means no tax deduction for a ""short-term capital loss"" (on that sale). Instead, the IRS simply pretends like you had paid less for the stock to begin with."
Probably not, but if the damage was bad enough that Target gets its lawyers in gear, they can certainly come after you for the monetary damages.  However, it would probably more trouble for them than is worth it.  A business like target probably writes off millions of dollars for these kinds of things per year (theft, damages, spoiled product, shipping costs, lawsuit settlements, recall, etc.)
&gt; Look dude, I don't give a shit what you think. I originally posted this to say don't take the processing balance for fact, as a lot of people do.   Yet ironically... that is exactly what YOU do... 3x a day.
How do you mean?  If you have a list of targeted customers that your sales people are calling from then you would preferably use some kind dialer software (in my opinion a software that don't call for you).   If you call customers that don't want to be called again then don't call them offering this offer. Many customers get approached by many sales people so they often forget who called and when if you haven't come so far that could give the customer a fair explanation of your offer. Whait a month or two and try again.  Have I understood your question right?
It is normally a bad idea to cash in retirement accounts to buy a house, in your case it is a horrible idea because you are way behind on saving for retirement. Other fallacies in your reasoning:   My advice, increase the amount you are saving for retirement considerably, and also put some money aside to save for a down payment on a house. Buy the house when you have enough non-retirement money to afford the down payment. If you can't wait that long, buy a house you can afford. It may help to think of it this way: Visualize yourself as a 65 year old retired person with very little income, and living on your retirement account. Would you as a 39 year old ask that person to give you $175,966 (the amount you are talking about withdrawing compounded annually at 6% interest for 25 years with no additional contributions) so that you could put a down payment on a house? Because that is what you would be doing. When you hit retirement age would you kick yourself for making such a decision? Because unless you die young, that person is sitting out there in your future needing that money to live off of. Don't take this the wrong way, but the tone of your question seems like you are looking for support to make what you already know is a bad financial decision.
Scale Manager manufactures and selling the Quality Magnetic Systems for all types of Hard Water treatment. In the all our product variety of explanations are offered, most of which involve plenty of Magnetic water softener. Attractive fuel treatment once in a while reacts to this prevailing upon insights that the car producers and enormous oil organizations are contriving to stifle attractive fuel treatment to keep up interest for gas.
"Pretty unlikely given that net neutrality has only been in place since 2015. Like I get that people dont like the way it was before and dont want to go back, but its not a change so much as a return to how it always was.  Edit: And of course people here just downvote facts without even responding why they are wrong. I dont even oppose net neutrality, Im just saying that to claim that it will ""end the Internet as we know it"" is incredibly dumb, because we didn't even have net neutrality until 2015. This is how we have always known it."
The court by itself is not expensive, it is the implied need for an attorney which are *very* expensive. Your average court case costs $130 to file. However, your average attorneys charge anywhere from $750 to $200 an hour. Granted, the need for an attorney stems from the complexity of written law. I would agree with you that this is not ideal about current society, but the alternative - an society without written law - is much less ideal. To even find something like that, we would almost have to refer back to my previous example - Somalia.
You're trying to mitigate the risk of having your investments wiped out by fraud committed by your broker by using margin loans to buy stock secured by other, non-cash assets in your account. The solution that you are proposing does not make any sense at all. You mitigate a very low probability/high impact risk by doing something that comes with a high probability/medium impact risk.  In addition to interest costs, holding stocks on margin subjects you to the very real risk of being forced to sell assets at inopportune times to meet margin calls. Given the volatility that the markets are experiencing in 2011, there is a high risk that some irrational decision in Greece could wipe you out. If I were worried about this, I would: If you have enough money that SIPC protection limits are an issue, you desperately need a financial adviser. Do not implement any strategy involving margin loans until you talk to a qualified adviser.
Conserve precious time, cash, and energy by way of simplifying your kitchen area. Silicone baking mats take the place of food preparation sprays and parchment paper, so you have less to purchase as well as a lot fewer preparation steps. With 4,000 uses prior to buying a replacement, these baking mat sets pay for themselves time and time again.
Do you have an adviser/mentor for your thesis? I'd recommend talking to them about your goals and see if they have any insight. They might have a better idea of your credentials/capabilities etc. They will also likely be one of the ones to write a letter of rec, so it would be good to get them on board early.  If you're still at the same institution (or area) from your undergrad, then you could probably talk to any of the finance profs you liked as well. They could be helpful as well and would know more about your background.  Since you are doing a thesis anyways, I'd recommend trying to get it published. This would be something you would want to hopefully get your mentor involved with. The Association of Business Schools (ABS) journal rankings can give you an idea of where you might want to try to publish. I'd think anything at an ABS 2 (3 would be fantastic, a 4 as a masters student is really unlikely but would open almost any door) would really help your application. Although the timing is unlikely to work out (assuming you are working on the thesis and also applying to phd school this year) because the publication process takes a long time, being able to mention in your application that you were targeting a journal (or being able to provide an update that you received a 'revise and resubmit') might really help with your application. Also, if you end up waiting a year for phd school, you'd also have more time to get your thesis published.   I'd think the math/stat background should be pretty solid, even if you don't have all the calc.   A ton of your placement post phd will be determined by your phd school, so if possible, shoot high and try attend the best program you are accepted into. Rankings could give you a good idea of program strength. You can also look at the faculty members' cv. Seeing lots of ABS 4 or 4* articles in their research is a good sign that it would be a strong program.  I hope this helps. I'm not 100% what you mean by 'flagship' state school. If you are thinking top 20 (maybe Ohio State or comparable) then my advice may not apply as much, but if you are thinking in terms of a solid, reputable state school, then I think this might apply
Creative workshop leaders aren’t just chirpy, arty people with a head full of ideas. It’s a lucrative business where they need to constantly innovate and manage people, time and resources. Here are simple tips to make the most of it all.
12% is ridiculously high and routine for loans with no credit history, esp. from the dealer. I don't think though paying off would hurt your credit - you've already got installment loan on your report, and you have history of payments, so it shouldn't matter how long the history is (warning: this is kind of guesswork compiled from personal experience and stuff read on the net, since officially how credit score calculated is Top Secret).  If you have the loan and credit card with good payments, only thing you need to build credit is time (and, of course, keeping everything nicely paid). Of course, if you could find a loan with lower rate somewhere it's be great to refinance but with low credit you would probably not get the best rates from anywhere, unfortunately.
Haha, you are aware that there are articles you can read if you click those links right?  My impression after reading the articles and another posted yesterday about German automakers isn't that it was something forced by the unions, but more of an agreement reached between the unions and VW.  Unions and management in Germany don't have quite the adversarial mindset that exists in the US, so they're a lot more likely to make concessions on either side, but it usually benefits people other than the executives since there's so many more of them.

The ETF is likely better in this case. The ETF will generally generate less capital gains taxes along the way.  In order to pay off investors who leave a mutual fund, the manager will have to sell the fund's assets.  This creates a capital gain, which must be distributed to shareholders at the end of the year.  The mutual fund holder is essentially taxed on this turnover.  The ETF does not have to sell any stock when an investor sells his shares because the investor sells the shares himself on the open market.  This will result in a capital gain for the specific person exiting his position, but it does not create a taxable event for anyone else holding the ETF shares.
"Can you get a cashier's check from your bank, made out in the charity's name, and mail it to the charity? From what I recall of the last few times I've gotten a cashier's check from the bank, it didn't have anything on it that identified me. A determined person could probably trace it back to you, but you're not really looking for strong anonymity. Another possibility would be a postal money order, but I'm not sure whether you can leave the ""From"" section blank. The money order would have a fee, but the cashier's check should be free. (It is at both my local bank and my CU.)"
There are quite a few details missing. What was your status in India when the property was purchased. How was the property funded? As your status now is PIO, assuming you have registered as PIO, and the purchase was funded from NRE account; You can credit the original purchase price into NRE account and repatriate. The capital appreciation has to be credited to NRO, tax paid and apply for repatriation. A certificate from qualified chartered accountant is required. Essentially it certifies you have paid tax and are compiling with FEMA (Foreign exchange management act) If you are not registered as PIO, you would need to apply to RBI (Reserve Bank of India, similar to fed) for permission to sell as this transaction falls under FEMA. You would in any case need a CA. A lawyer would also help. Assuming you were reporting this property in your US IRS returns ... You are liable for taxes in US.  India and US have some amount of DTAA( dual tax avoidance agreement)
Gold necklace is a versatile gift for a woman. It works for just about any event such as wife's birthday, mothers day, even any one program and just about any woman will appreciate a Personalized gold necklace of some kind! We provide the best quality jewelry. If you want to any personalized jewelry gift for your love one person, then you can visit our website and find a lot of unique jewelry design.
Its best to dollar cost average adding say 5%-10% a quarter into the fund. That's what Clark Howard would suggest.  Also make sure you do not need the money for 5 years, then you should be okay.   Its tough to lose money if you keep your money there for a long period of time.
Its the relative leverage available to retail traders between the two.  In the US one can trade equities with 2:1 leverage while with commodities the leverage can go much higher.  Combine this with the highly volatile nature of commodities, and it makes losing BIG too easy for the average trader.
"If the price used to be 2.50 but by the time you get in an order it's 2.80, you're going to have to pay 2.80. You can't say, ""I want to buy it at the price from an hour ago"". If you could, everybody would wait for the price to go up, then buy at the old price and have an instant guaranteed profit. Well, except that when you tried to sell, I suppose the buyer could say, ""I want to pay the lower price from last July"". So no, you always buy or sell at the current price. If you submit an order after the markets close, your broker should buy the stock for you as soon as possible the next morning. There's no strict queue. There are thousands of brokers out there, they don't take turns. So if your broker has 1000 orders and you are number 1000 on his list, while some other broker has 2 orders and number 1 is someone else wanting to buy the same stock, then even if you got your order in first, the other guy will probably get the first buy. LIFO and FIFO refer to any sort of list or queue, but don't really make sense here. When the market opens a broker has a list of orders he received overnight, which he might think of as a queue. He presumably works his way down the list. But whether he follows a strict and simple first-in-first-out, or does biggest orders first, or does buys for stocks he expects to go up today and sells for stocks he expects to go down today first, or what, I don't know. Does anybody on this forum know, are there rules that say brokers have to go through the overnight orders FIFO, or what is the common practice?"
Because interest is tax deductible. I don't know much about the Chevron deal, but I'm an EM debt analyst and typically the issue you have is that dividends are taxed but interest is not. So to move money from a subsidiary instead of putting in equity and getting dividends (tax inefficient), instead you give debt and get interest back. You get a little less flexibility on payment but you more than make up for that (on average) with tax efficiency.   Don't think of it as a loan at all. Think of it as a pseudo-equity investment with required dividends.  Revenue is not taxed, profit is. Interest comes out of profit, dividends however are issued after profit.  This could all be wrong vis-a-vis Chevron. This is just how most of the companies I look at work.
Is there an indicator about what percentage must be paid when?  Where does economics end and finance start?  I feel quite geeky, but I have been studying a bit of finance, and listening to bloomberg while I work (I am software dev) and want to understand everything :D  edit: just found about this [https://www.google.com/publicdata](https://www.google.co.uk/publicdata/explore?ds=ds22a34krhq5p_&amp;met_y=gd_pc_gdp&amp;idim=country:pt:es:el&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=gd_mio_eur&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country_group&amp;idim=country:pt:es:el:de:fr:uk&amp;idim=country_group:eu&amp;ifdim=country_group&amp;hl=en_US&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false)
Honestly, mostly basic arithmetic and algebra on a daily basis.  The person who builds the models at my firm is a plasma physics phd though.  I suspect most physicists are brought into firms in this capacity.    I plug my assumptions into the model and then intellectualize and sell the results.    Nothing of what we do, as they say, is rocket science.
"Note: I have no experience of attempting what is described below (neither am I a lawyer nor an accountant). The process may range from a ""small bureaucratic hurdle"" to a ""complex legal nightmare"". If it seems a plausible approach, you would probably be well-advised to reach out to others that have established CASCs for help and guidance. According to this HMRC page the two ways a body can claim Gift Aid is if either it is a recognised charity or if it is a Community Amateur Sports Club (CASC). So one option may be to try and establish a CASC. I suspect that this is unlikely to be an easy process, but may be a more likely approach than trying to get the council to establish a charity. The Register as a community amateur sports club (CASC) page on the HMRC site (very) briefly describes the steps; as you can see from their eligibility criteria, to register as a CASC, you would first have to create a ""Sports Club"" of some form that: has a formal constitution is open to the whole community and has affordable membership fees is on an amateur basis provides facilities in the UK is managed by ""fit and proper persons"" You would probably need the co-operation of the local council to allow the proposed sports club the use of the local park. One of the (several) requirements of becoming a CASC is that it must: So it could, in theory, be possible to spend money raised (through both membership fees and Gift-Aid-qualifying donations) on the improving the facilities of the park (tennis courts, bowling green etc.). However, note that How to Register page mentions (among many other requirements) the need to provide ""accounts from the last 12 months"" and ""bank statements from the last 3 months"". It doesn't (as far as I can see) explicitly state that the club must have been in existence for 12 months before applying for CASC status (it might be possible to send only what you have), but be aware that you may need to establish the club – and let it operate under its own steam – for a period before applying."
Why is the stock trading at only $5 per share? The share price is the perceived value of the company by people buying and selling the stock. Not the actual value of the company and all its assets. Generally if the company is not doing well, there is a perceived risk that it will burn out the money fast. There is a difference between its signed conditional sale and will get money and has got money. So in short, it's trading at $5 a share because the market doesn't feel like it's worth $12 per share. Quite a few believe there could be issues faced; i.e. it may not make the $12, or there will be additional obligations, i.e. employees may demand more layoff compensation, etc. or the distribution may take few years due to regulatory and legal hurdles. The only problem is the stock exchange states if the company has no core business, the stock will be suspended soon (hopefully they can release the $12 per share first). What will happen if I hold shares in the company, the stock gets suspended, and its sitting on $12 per share? Can it still distribute it out? Every country and stock markets have laid out procedures for de-listing a company and closing a company. The company can give $10 as say dividends and remaining later; or as part of the closure process, the company will distribute the balance among shareholders. This would be a long drawn process.
Credit Cards when I can.  The reason if there is fraud or disputed charges (like I very much disagree with the cell phone charge) a debit card is already gone and I have to get the money back, versus a credit card where I haven't paid anybody anything.
The plan doesn't make sense.  Don't invest your money. Just keep it in your bank account. $5000 is not a lot, especially since you don't have a steady income stream. You only have $1000 to your name, you can't afford to gamble $4000. You will need it for things like food, books, rent, student loans, traveling, etc. If you don't get a job right after you graduate, you will be very happy to have some money in the bank. Or what if you get a dream job, but you need a car?  Or you get a job at a suit & tie business and need to get a new wardrobe? Or your computer dies and you need a new one? You find a great apartment but need $2500 first, last & security? That money can help you out much more NOW when you're starting out, then it will when you're ready to retire in your 60's.
It sucks but sometimes you just have to flat out be an asshole to people. Ive told people to post that drivel on r/Occupywallstreet and leave it out of the business related forums where people actually know whats going on. Sucks but gets the job done. I would encourage you to check out r/finance and see what you think about our stuff.
There contracts called an FX Forwards where you can get a feel for what the market thinks an exchange rate will be in the future.  Now exchange rates are notoriously uncertain, but it is worth noting that at current prices market believes your Krona will be worth only 0.0003 Euro less three years from now than it is worth now. So, if you are considering taking money out of your investments and converting it to Euro and missing out on three years of dividends and hopefully capital gains its certainly possible this may work out for you but this is unlikely.  If you are at all uncertain that you will actually move this is an even worse idea as paying to convert money twice would be an additional expense on top of the missed returns. There are FX financial products (futures and forwards) where you can get exposure to FX without having to put the full amount down.  This could help hedge your house value but this can be extremely expensive over time for individual investors and would almost certainly not work in your favor. Something that could help reduce your risk a bit would be to invest more heavily in European even Irish (and British?) stocks which will move along with the currency and economy.  You can lose some diversification doing this, but it can help a little.
Sovereign Inn key features of the rooms are spectacular views of motel grounds and gardens. Reverse cycle air conditioning, flat screen TV, en-suite bathroom, fridge, iron and ironing board, hairdryer, tea, and coffee maker and free WIFI. Contact at: 02 6452 1366.
LOL!!!! The stock market is reaching new heights only just because of confidence with Trump. And the economy is doing great and improving under Trump.  Remember, one wrong move or one wrong saying from Trump and the stock market goes down.  But, what goes up, must come down, and I am sure it will not be because of Trump.   It would be some messy corporate dysfunction (e.g. Saving and Loans in the past, Car companies facing bankruptcy in the past, tech bubble in the past, subprime loans, and other irresponsible economic mishandling not due to the president).  In any case, it will be a correction and not a crash, because the economy is good and improving, and will improve due to Trump.
"&gt;  So now instead of just businessman A buying materials he has two other buyers looking to utilize a scarce amount of resources  Well yes, but this can be a good thing. Those ""resources"" are often employees, so we're talking about higher employment.  &gt; The problem is interest rates that are not set by the market, but by a centralized bureau who couldn't possibly have enough information to determine what the cost of financing should be.  No, only the base rate is set centrally. Banks can and always do charge more than this, with rates set by market competition."
No, it's not all long-term capital gain.  Depending on the facts of your situation, it will be either ordinary income or partially short-term capital gain.  You should consider consulting a tax lawyer if you have this issue. This is sort of a weird little corner of the tax law.  IRC §§1221-1223 don't go into it, nor do the attendant Regs.  It also somewhat stumped the people on TaxAlmanac years ago (they mostly punted and just declared it self-employment income, avoiding the holding period issue).  But I did manage to find it in BNA Portfolio 562, buried in there.  That cited to a court case Comm'r v. Williams, 256 F.2d 152 (5th Cir. 1958) and to Revenue Ruling 75-524 (and to another Rev. Rul.).  Rev Rul 75-524 cites Fred Draper, 32 T.C. 545 (1959) for the proposition that assets are acquired progressively as they are built.  Note also that land and improvements on it are treated as separate assets for purposes of depreciation (Pub 946). So between Williams (which says something similar but about the shipbuilding industry) and 75-524, as well as some related rulings and cases, you may be looking at an analysis of how long your property has been built and how built it was.  You may be able to apportion some of the building as long-term and some as short-term.  Whether the apportionment should be as to cost expended before 1 year or value created before 1 year is explicitly left open in Williams.  It may be simpler to account for costs, since you'll have expenditure records with dates. However, if this is properly ordinary income because this is really business inventory and not merely investment property, then you have fully ordinary income and holding period is irrelevant.  Your quick turnaround sale tends to suggest this may have been done as a business, not as an investment. A proper advisor with access to these materials could help you formulate a tax strategy and return position.  This may be complex and law-driven enough that you'd need a tax lawyer rather than a CPA or preparer.  They can sort through the precedent and if you have the money may even provide a formal tax opinion.  Experienced real estate lawyers may be able to help, if you screen them appropriately (i.e. those who help prepare real estate tax returns or otherwise have strong tax crossover knowledge).
"According to US News, renter's insurance does cover liability as well as your own belongings.  They list this as one of four ""myths"" often promulgated about renter's insurance.  This is backed up by esurance.com, which explicitly mentions ""Property damage to others"" as covered.  Nationwide Insurance says that renter's insurance covers ""Personal liability insurance for renters"" and ""Personal umbrella liability insurance"".  Those were the first three working links for ""what does renters insurance cover"" on Google.   In short, while it is possible that you currently have a different kind of coverage, this is not a limitation of renter's insurance per se.  It could be a limitation in your current coverage.  You may be able to simply change your coverage with your current provider.  Or switch providers.  Or you may already be covered.   Note that renter's insurance does not cover the building against general damage, e.g. tornado or a fire spreading from an adjacent building.  It is specific to covering things that you caused.  This may be the cause of the confusion, as some sources say that it doesn't cover anything in the building.  That's generally not true.  It usually covers all your liability except for specific exceptions (e.g. waterbed insurance is often extra)."
What are single stock futures? Futures that are based on a single underlying stock value? What is the norm in this case then? A basket of stocks of companies that work in similar fields, thereby allowing you to bet on the fate of a particular market(like betting against the oil industry after learning of the fact that solar energy has become very cheap?)?  Also, won't the price of the stock of the company itself be a more accurate indicator and helper in the price discovery process(say, BP stock price goes down and GreenEnergyInc.'s value goes up?) than the price of a derivative based ON it?  EDIT: You have already answered the aforementioned question in your original reply.
You should not seek a kind of debt just for it's appearance on your credit report.  If you don't need an auto loan don't get an auto loan. Getting a credit card for the purpose of building credit is a little bit of a different animal because you can use a credit card such that you never pay any interest or fees.  With a loan, you will pay interest.  Altering your score by paying interest doesn't provide you with a net benefit. With that said, depending on the auto loan rate you may want to accept the loan just to fee up your capital.  Some promotional rates are so low you may even make money leaving the cash in a regular savings account.  But don't let your credit score wag the dog.
&gt; But to answer your question, the two factors you mention are positively correlated, not negatively as you postulate.   I'm not sure if there's necessarily any correlation. I'm merely stating the fact that they have so much savings that they must export capital but at the same time, they've ramped up domestic debt to somewhere around 300% of GDP which, I don't know why you say it isn't a lot, but it's probably twice the level of the average developing country.  Wealth is probably very overstated, but the mechanism for why this has happened is confusing to me.
I still don't understand. What's your exact role in all this? Do you own a plot of land that you want to sell them? Or are you just a bystander with an idea that you'd like to share? Or do you want to open a hotel yourself but need their help?
As long as you have a emergency fund, I'd stop 401k contributions immediately and use that money to fund school (as much as you can). Student loans are dangerous - they're very difficult to discharge in a bankruptcy, and eat into your savings for a long time. It may even be better to defer school for a year while the debt gets paid off and you can get an emergency fund built up.
You can try paper trading to sharpen your investing skills(identifying stocks to invest, how much money to allocate and stuff) but nothing compares to getting beaten black and blue in the real world. When virtual money is involved you mayn't care, because you don't loose anything, but when your hard earned money disappears or grows, no paper trading can incite those feelings in you. So there is no guarantee that doing paper trading will make you a better investor, but can help you a lot in terms of learning. Secondly educate yourself on the ways of investing. It is hard work and realize that there is no substitute for hard work. India is a growing economy and your friends maybe safe in the short term but take it from any INVESTOR, not in the long run. And moreover as all economies are recovering from the recession there are ample opportunities to invest money in India both good and bad. Calculate your returns and compare it with your friends maybe a year or two down the lane to compare the returns generated from both sides. Maybe they would come trumps but remember selecting a good investment from a bad investment will surely pay out in the long run.  Not sure what you do not understand what Buffet says. It cannot get more simpler than that. If you can drill those rules into your blood, you mayn't become a billionaire but surely you will make a killing, but in the long run. Read and read as much as you can. Buy books, browse the net. This might help. One more guy like you.
I work in finance and I think the biggest mistake you are making at 15 years old is saying that you specifically want to be a financial advisor.  I'm not trying to say the job is awful...but most people who are interested in finance would not at all want this job. You will spend 90% of your time trying to find clients. Most of the time it will be through cold-calling people on the phone through some leads you either get through your agency or you paid for online. Or, you have to start annoying friends and family (never do this). For most people, the job is not about finance and it sucks. Once you finally get a client, now you have a conflict of interest in that you want to sell them the high-commission products so that you get paid, but its often not the best product for them. Its actually very easy to become a financial planner, extremely hard to become a successful one.   Instead, what I would do, is consider the wider field of finance. There is so much more to finance than being a financial planner. Do you want to become an expert on stocks? Consider equity research. Do you want to help companies fix strategic problems and make a ton of money? Consider consulting. Do you want to help companies raise money by going public? Consider investment banking. You can google the different types of careers online.
Venezuela is an interesting example, because one of the main drivers behind the crisis was a decade's long drought that caused the hydroelectric reservoirs to fall below critical intake levels. Not only was their agricultural industry crippled by drought, and not only were the city taps dry, but on top of that they had to cut the work week short and ration electricity. They couldn't even use oil to generate electricity, since they'd moved away from it in order to increase exports. In their case, diversifying from oil and heavily investing into hydroelectric power actually made the crisis far worse.  Which is what is so scary about global warming. What happens when Lake Mead goes dry?
I know some companies or entities have large incomes or expenses at certain times of the year, and like to close their books after these large events.  For example where I work,  the primary seasonal income comes after summer, so our fiscal year ends at the last days of October.  This gives the accountants enough time to collect all the funds, reconcile whatever they have to, pay off whatever they have to and get working on a budget for the next year sooner than a calendar year would. There also might be tax reasons.  To get all of your income at the beginning of your fiscal year, even if that is in the middle of the calendar year would allow a company to plan large deductible investments with more certainty.  I am not to sure of the tax reasons.
"Hobby expenses are not tax deductible.  Business expenses are, but only if it's a bona fide business.  First they look at profitability: if you reported a net profit (i.e. paid taxes) in your first 3 years, they will believe you rant on Youtube for a living.   Remember, by the time they get around to auditing you, you'll likely be well into, or through, your third year.   There is an exception for farms.  Other than that, if you lose money year after year, you better be able to show that you look, walk and quack like a business; and one with a reasonable business reason for delayed profitability.  For instance Netflix's old business model of mailing DVDs had very high fixed infrastructure expense that took years to turn profitable, but was a very sensible model.  They're fine with that.  Pets.com swandived into oblivion but they earnestly tried. They're fine with that too.  You can't mix all your activities. If you're an electrician specializing in IoT and smart homes, can you deduct a trip to the CES trade show, you bet.  Blackhat conference, arguable.  SES?  No way.  Now if you had a second business of a product-reco site which profited by ads and affiliate links, then SES would be fine to deduct from that business.  But if this second business loses money every year, it's a hobby and not deductible at all.  That person would want separate accounting books for the electrician and webmaster businesses.  That's a basic ""duck test"" of a business vs. a hobby. You need to be able to show how each business gets income and pays expense separate from every other business and your personal life.  It's a best-practice to give each business a separate checking account and checkbook. You don't need to risk tax penalties on a business-larva that may never pupate.  You can amend your taxes up to 3 years after the proper filing date.  I save my expense reciepts for each tax year, and if a business becomes justifiable, I go back and amend past years' tax forms, taking those deductions.  IRS gives me a refund check, with interest!"
"The basic theoretical reason for a company to return money to shareholders is that the company doesn't need the money for its own purposes (e.g. investment or working capital). So instead of the company just keeping it in the bank, it hands it back so that shareholders can do what they think fit, e.g. investing it elsewhere. In some cases, particularly ""private equity"" deals, you see companies actively borrowing money to payout to shareholders, on the grounds that they can do so cheaply enough that it will improve overall shareholder returns. The trade-off with this kind of ""leveraging up"" is that it usually makes the business more risky and every so often you see it go wrong, e.g. after an economic downturn. It may still be a rational thing to do, but I'd look at that kind of proposal very carefully. In this case I think things are quite different: the company has sold a valuable asset and has spare cash. It's already going to use some of the money to reduce debt so it doesn't seem like the company is becoming more risky. Overall if the management is recommending it, I would support it. As you say, the share consolidation seems like just a technical measure and you might as well also support that. I think they want to make their share price seem stable over time to people who are looking at it casually and won't be aware of the payout - otherwise it'd suddenly drop by 60p and might give the impression the company had some bad news. The plan is to essentially cancel one share worth ~960p for every payout they make on 16 shares - since 16x60p = 960p payout this should leave the share price broadly unchanged."
Here, you can more expect from YILES, it is a one of the most and believable medical equipments. We provide the most  and high quality medical devices such as Tube, Oxygen Mask, Nebulizer Mask, Anaesthesia Mask, Nasal Oxygen Canuula, Nasopharyngeal Tube, Double Lumen Endobronchial tube,Breathing Circuit, Suction Connecting Tubing at the lowest price.  We are located in Nanchang (China). We also keep better relationship with their clients.
That might be a generational difference. For us, as long as we know where to find the equations, what's the point in knowing a formula if you're not using it on a regular basis. It's much more prudent to know where to find the formulas you might need in the future or where to find the methods to derive them, and have the ability to do this as opposed to remembering the steps or the formulas by rote. The information is usually seconds away, the skills are not.
Your over-thinking this.  As long as the owner has the title and the vehicle is titled in there name they can sign it over to you then you can take it to the DMV and put it in your name. If they do not own the vehicle because they are still making payments then you will also need the signature from their bank or lien holder. You can ask to see their ID to verify they are the owner marked on the title. I've bought ~10 vehicles in the last 5 years and never had a problem doing it this way, my experiences have all been in California.
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/credit/cre27.pdf if you are in the US Look at section 805 and 805 about how they may contact you and what they are and aren't allowed to do. You can simply send a Certified Mail, Return Receipt (CMRR) letter explaining you have no part of it, and that they are not allowed to contact you by any means other than in writing from this point forward. Then you can either put return to sender on the letters (it costs them money) or open them and delete anything you don't need.
When prices get to a point where it's *beyond* crazy. There's a good price, a cheap price, a crazy cheap price and there's beyond crazy cheap. Something that happens maybe every 10 years or so.  Also be prepared to lose your home if it doesn't work out.
"The answer was provided to me at the Gnucash chat by ""warlord"". The procedure is as follows: After doing this you will have:"
"The article misses one thing.  The aftermarket automotive parts makers.  Small scale car makers indeed did fall to the big players, but customization has existed nearly as long as cars themselves.  From sponsored performance specialists like Carroll Shelby to the backyard mechanic making lifters for his Jeep, the ""long tail"" is exactly the same as that of the Lego.  Companies like Lego encourage it and digital distribution of specs, standards, and physical merchandise make it much more prevalent, but it's nothing new, and certainly not recent.  Making a quality product and insuring that smaller producers down the line *want* to drive sales of your product is just smart."
The numbers:  • 222,000 jobs were added last month. Wall Street economists had expected employment gains of 175,000.  • The unemployment rate was 4.4 percent. May’s jobless rate was 4.3 percent.  • The average hourly wage grew by 2.5 percent from a year earlier.  • The labor-force participation rate inched up to 62.8 percent, from 62.7 percent.
Thanks for the answer/comments! The time-based method was something we mooted and something I almost went with. But just to wrap this up, the method we settled on was this: Every time there is an entry or exit into the fund, we divvy out any unrealised market profits/losses according to each person's profit share (based on % of the asset purchased at buy-in) JUST BEFORE the entry/exit. These realised profits are then locked in for those particpants, and then the unrealised profits/loss counter starts at zero, we do a fresh recalculation of shareholding after the entry/exit, and then we start again. Hope this helps anyone with the same issue!
There are legitimate reasons: I wouldn't jump the gun and assume that this person is avoiding taxes, etc. Barbers are usually licensed professions. Since it's generally a cash business, they tend to get audited more often by the tax authorities. That said, I wouldn't pay her with a check -- you have no idea who is actually cashing the check, and you could run into issues with unknown third parties misusing your account information.
"Because it is a Roth IRA (not traditional), you never pay penalties for withdrawing any amount up to your total contributions amount. This is because you are funding it with after tax money. But it sounds like your Roth had $11K in it and you zeroed it out? If you were less than 59.5 years old at the time you made the withdrawal, then if you did not return anything to the account, then you would pay tax on the 6K as income this year at your normal tax rate, plus an additional 10% penalty on that 6K ($600). The 5K in contributions is not taxable. Now, since it's been more than 60 days since you withdrew the money, you cannot put the 6K in earnings back in without paying the penalty, however, you can still contribute $5500 per year (or $6500 if you're over 50). So, you can put back $5500 and then you would only have to pay tax + 10% on the $500 difference. Update: I would recommend talking to an accountant. The fact that you intended to buy a house might provide a mechanism for getting the money back in if you wish. If this was your first house or you have not owned a home in the last 2 years, then you would be considered a ""first-time homebuyer"" and there is a special exception allowing you to remove 10K without penalty. If you end up not purchasing the home, you have 120 days to contribute those funds back in (treated as a rollover- thank you littleadv for the link to this). As for the final 1K overage, I believe you can count that towards your $5500/yr contribution when you put the entire amount back. Lastly, after digging into this, you have hit so many edge cases with your scenario (6K in earnings being between 5500 for under 50 and 6500 for over 50, it's been 70 days which is between the 60 day normal cutoff and the 120 day extended cutoff for home purchase falling through, and 11K total being just over the 10K cutoff for the same), that I'm starting to wonder if this is some sort of contrived case for an accounting exam!?"
NapiGator SEO is Temecula's leading Search Engine Optimization firm. With experience handling everything from national campaigns, right through to local mom and pop shops, we've can handle any project you throw at is. As a multi-award winning agency, we strive to provide the highest quality workmanship, results and customer satisfaction humanly possible. We keep our team small so that when you call, you're able to speak directly with the owner. Its these sort of personal touches, attention to detail, as well as results orientated tweaks that we ensure are in our company that lead to such incredible reviews from our clients. If you'd like to learn more about our Search Engine Optimization Temecula services, then get in touch today to find out more.   Learn more at https://www.napigator.com/temecula-seo/
Assuming that it's not inventory that is sold in the following year or a depreciable asset, you can deduct it when you make the purchase. The courts have ruled that credit cards balances are considered debt. It's treated the same way as if you went to the bank, got a loan, and used cash or a check to purchase the items. On your accounting books, you would debit the expense account and credit the credit card liability account. This is only for credit cards, which are considered loans. If you use a store charge card, then you cannot deduct it until you pay. Those are considered accounts payable.  I'm an IRS agent and a CPA.
For the financial year 1 April 2014 to 31 March 2015 as you have / will be spending more than 182 days outside of India, you are Non-Resident from tax point of view. For the period 1 April 2014 to Aug 2014, any salary / income you have earned in India is taxable and tax need to be paid. For the period Aug 2014 to 31 March 2015 the income you have earned in Saudi is not taxable in India. You can transfer money to India or keep in Saudi, it has no effect on the taxes. Any interest income you earn, or rental income you earn, or any other source of income in India is taxable. You would need to file returns accordingly. An NRE Accounts allows you to transfer funds out of India without any questions. So if you intend at some point in time in future to move funds out of India [say settling down in Saudi or UK or US etc] it is advisable to have NRE account. If you are sure you don't want to transfer funds out of India, you should open an NRO account.
related searches: Turkey Hydraulic cylinders Regular Buyers, Turkey Hydraulic cylinders Importers,  Hydraulic cylinders Distributors, Hydraulic cylinders Wholesalers, Hydraulic cylinders , Hydraulic Actuator Buyers &amp; Hydraulic Actuator Importers Directory,  Find Quality Buying Requests &amp; Buying Leads for Hydraulic Actuator in Machinery, Agriculture hydraulics, Hydraulic cylinder manufacture, Hydraulic gear pump,  Hydraulic system design, Hydraulic equipment importers,Turkey HS tariff codes Hydraulic cylinder,  import duty &amp; taxes for Hydraulic cylinder, hydraulic actuator - TurkeyHS code &amp; import tariff for
"The amount can vary by car rental company and geographic location. I did a Google search using the search term: ""enterprise credit card hold"" The range went from $100 to $500. There is also mention of Jamaica for $1500. The benefit of a credit card in this instance is that the hold is on a virtual balance versus a debit card that will actually hold the money that is in your checking account."
"First, filing status. If you and your wife are legally married, you should be filing your tax returns as married, either jointly or separately. In the US, ""head of household"" has a specific meaning and is for unmarried people who are supporting one or more relatives, per the IRS. If you are working full-time and your wife is not, then likely you will file a joint return, including all your income and all the expenses for your wife's business. So yes, the losses in her business will offset your income. Depending on how complex things are, you may want to hire a professional to help with your taxes. The rules for what can and cannot be deducted as a business expense can be opaque."
We fulfil the requirements of every woman, as you know the jewelry is essential to wear. But, Izzy Bell Boutique gives you a better way to buy jewelry in different design. If you are looking for that online opportunity from where you buy necklace and pendants at the lowest price. The aromatherapy pendant necklace  is a natural lava and high quality materials. We give a typical design of the frill and it is a touch of improvements is made to proceed to the end of time. There are accessible in various styles of fragrant healing pieces of jewelry and fragrant recuperating adornments so satisfying these bits of pearls which design stainless steel.
As I've gotten older I've found physical labor to be a required part of my life to be happy.  I sit at a desk all week, and on the weekends I go out an remodel my weekend place.  I find myself looking forward all week to doing even mundane tasks like chopping wood for winter.  Don't get me wrong, I actually love my job.  However there is a sense of worth and accomplishment that performing physical labor gives me that an office job can never do.
No and you don't want tips from me.  I live in the same house as my ex-wife which should give you a tip about how successful I've been.  Truthfully though, I've done well for myself, but she's unemployed and it lets me see my son everyday.  You should get tips from professionals and not Reddit.  Reddit's great for cats though.
You are assuming the price increase will continue. The people selling are assuming that the price increase will not continue.  Ultimately that's what a share transaction is: one person would rather have the cash at a particular price / time, and one person would rather have the share.
&gt;I would be all for that as soon as every job in society pays people enough for a modest life including insurance. Before that happens, this approach is just setting the lower classes up for failure.  You mean, like how the lower classes all over the world - billions of people - have been lifted out of poverty by countries adopting economic liberalizations and rollback of government intervention?  &gt;I know this is a fundamental ideal of the right but I do not share it. I think you need a lot of carrots to get people to change.  Not my problem.  If people want to be irresponsible, that's their right.  They DO NOT have the right to have the government steal some of my money because they didn't plan properly.  &gt;Is it moral for a rich man who made all his money while using public infrastructure and services to claim all his profits are exclusively his?  100% absolutely.  That infrastructure is already paid for.  His success creates no additional burden or obligation.  &gt;You do understand that if/when we get a terrific healthcare system that benefits the common man the healthcare stocks would tank?  No, they wouldn't.  In fact, the healthcare market would grow so rapidly it would be the investing opportunity of a lifetime.  Thousands of new companies formed.  A massive wave of innovation in products and services when the FDA is curtailed.  It would be absolutely crazy.
Did it in late 2012, did well, got quite a few requests but not many follow ups. Would recommend though, if you do well it helps to connect and find out about opportunities, and if you don't it didn't affect anything and it's still free, right?  If you are a finance major shouldn't be much of a problem. Try some prep material if they have those, I suppose.
Must be crazy going from mansions in the Carribean with servants and flying on jet planes across the world to being locked in a gray cell for the rest of your life. I wonder what it feels like going from having it all and living in extravagance to knowing you're going to die alone in prison.
"I would recommend ""The Intelligent Investor"" by Benjamin Graham. Though it's not a substitute for the CFAI curriculum, the book does cover a lot of ground.  I'd like to take the time to point out that given your lack of experience, the potential employer wont be looking for a very high level of technical expertise. Put in another way, a basic understanding of financial statements might very well suffice. Freshies are generally required to have that along with a good grasp of MS Suite (sans Access)."
A wal-mart successfully unionized in Quebec years ago, shortly after, wal-mart shut the store down. They're so anti-union, they'll cut off the entire revenue source instead of make slightly less money due to slightly better salaries being paid.  There's a reason I never shop at wal-mart, it's a despicable company.  http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/story/2005/02/09/walmart-050209.html
This is a scam.  Do not give them any money. A quick search on this site will yield many examples of this scam.
It features the largest selection of sports, events and markets. Bet the Champions League, and many more. In the section live access to statistics that in real time gives all the necessary information about the Singapore Online casino slot and key moments of every sports meeting. By option Cash Out when you decide to close your bet before the finish of the event. In the section Virtual you can enjoy your favourite sports at any time of the day.
Warren Buffet also isn't the CEO of a major company - or at least one that matters in this context. He is the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway. That is a holding company that owns a handful of other companies.  It doesn't have customers, it doesn't sell a product. It owns companies that do those things, some of which directly rely on technology and need their CEO to have a strong understanding of technology.  The things is though, that each of those companies? They have their own CEO - not Warren Buffett.
"For a non-ETF mutual fund, you can only buy shares of the mutual fund from the mutual fund itself (at a price that the mutual fund will reveal only at the end of the day) and can only shares back to the mutual fund (again at a price that the mutual fund will reveal only at the end of the day). There is no open market in the sense that you cannot put in a bid to buy, say, 100 shares of VFINX at $217 per share through a brokerage, and if there is a seller willing to sell 100 shares of VFINX to you at $217, then the sale is consummated and you are now the proud owner of 100 shares of VFINX. The only buyer or seller of VFINX is the mutual find itself, and you tell it that you ""want to buy 100 shares of VFINX and please take the money out of my checking account"". If this order is entered before the markets close at 4 pm, the mutual fund determines its share price as of the end of the day, opens a new account for you and puts 100 shares of VFINX in it (or adds 100 shares of VFINX to your already existing pile of shares) and takes the purchase price out of your checking account via an ACH transfer. Similarly for redeeming/selling shares of VFINX that you own (and these are held in an account at the mutual fund itself, not by your brokerage): you tell the mutual fund to that you ""wish to redeem 100 shares and please send the proceeds to my bank account"" and the mutual fund does this at the end of the day, and the money appears in your bank account via ACH transfer two or three days later.  Generally, these transactions do not need to be for round lots of multiples of 100 shares for efficiency; most mutual fund will gladly sell you fractional shares down to a thousandth of a share. In contrast, shares of an exchange-traded fund (ETF) are just like stock shares in that they can be bought and sold on the open market and your broker will charge you fees for buying and selling them. Selling fractional shares on the open market is generally not possible, and trading in round lots is less expensive. Also, trades occur at all times of the stock exchange day, not just at the end of the day as with non-ETF funds, and the price can fluctuate during the day too. Many non-ETF mutual funds have an ETF equivalent: VOO is the symbol for Vanguard's S&P 500 Index ETF while VFINX is the non-ETF version of the same index fund.  Read more about the differences between ETFs and mutual funds, for example, here."
You won't be, right after purchase Eddie Lampert asked himself nervously back in the day if he made a mistake buying Sears and he was right back then for the last time.  The merger with Kmart was like two sinking ships ramming each other to stay afloat longer, although I think Kmart was the bigger dud at the time.  All I think he's trying to keep it afloat anymore is so he doesn't flood the real estate side of the business with too much empty commercial real estate at once.  This is his only way to get back even just a fraction of his investment.  Sears took its last gasp the moment it sold Craftsman.  Now, they're just keeping the body warm and wheeling it around hoping no one will notice.
I bought Health Insurance for myself after a period without it, and my premiums were not terrible. I was a 27 year old man, living in California, no preexisting conditions, and I paid approximately 90$ a month. This was for a standard Health Insurance plan.  However, when I moved back to NY a little while later, insurance companies wanted almost $500/month for catastrophic coverage.  So, from personal experience, my answer is that price varies widely by state. Different states have different regulations as to what Health Insurance Companies need to cover and at what price. In NY, Health Insurance companies can't charge different rates according to age. Also, in NY, there is a price spiral, where the price is so high, few people buy it, so they have to raise the price because not enough well people are in the pool, so fewer people buy it.... To test it out, go to an online insurance broker, like ehealthinsurace, and put in your proposed information, including that you haven't been covered for a period. This way you will know.
"I'll try to give you some clues on how to find an answer to your question, rather than answering directly the question asked.  Why not answer it directly? Well, I can, but it won't help you (or anyone else) much in two months when the rates change again. Generally, you won't find such in brick-and-mortar banks. You can save some time and only look at online banks. Examples: ING Direct (CapitalOne), CapitalOne, Amex FSB, E*Trade, Ally, etc. There are plenty. Go to their web sites, look for promotions, and compare. Sometimes you can find coupons/promotions which will yield more than the actual savings rate. For example, ING frequently have a $50 promotion for opening a new account. You need to understand that rates change frequently, and the highest rate account today may become barely average in a week. There are plenty of sites that offer various levels of comparison information. One of the most comprehensive ones (IMHO) is Bankrate.com. Another place to look is MoneyRates.com. These sites provide various comparisons, and you can also find some promotions advertised there. There are more similar sites. Also, search the Internet and you can find various blog posts with additional promotions – frequently banks give ""referral bonuses"" to provide incentive for clients to promote the banks. Do some due diligence on the results that appear promising. Not much. You won't find any savings account that would keep the value (purchasing power) of your money over the long term. Keeping money in savings accounts is a sure way to lose value because the inflation rate is much higher than even high-yield savings accounts. But, savings accounts are safe (insured by FDIC/NCUA up to the limit), and very convenient to keep short term savings – such as an emergency fund – that you cannot afford to lose to investments. Sometimes you'll get slightly better rates by locking up your money in a Certificate of Deposit (CD), but not significantly higher when the CD is short-term."
My wife has subscribed for trips or whatever so she could preload stuff for offline play.  Total shit show.  Wasn't clear when stuff was actually downloaded.  Seemingly downloaded stuff wouldn't play.  We're going for a long trip in a couple months and would like to subscribe again to pre-load stuff, not sure it is worth it.  We've only used it on Android and it is definitely far from stable.  Crashes are _very_ common.  Having to kill the app and restart it is almost a daily occurrence.  Crashing like the one I screenshot isn't surprising or unusual.  It really is a garbage app.  If possible I'll often use youtube instead if the content is there too, even though that means my screen needs to stay on to keep playing.  We have Google Nexus phones from right before they switched to the Pixel name.  So they're about as vanilla standard Android as phones can get.
"A business can refuse cash (paper currency) payment pretty much in all cases provided it's a reasonable policy and/or notified during/in advance of contracting. Details in this link. ""all United States money as identified above are a valid and legal offer of payment for debts when tendered to a creditor. There is, however, no Federal statute mandating that a private business, a person or an organization must accept currency or coins as for payment for goods and/or services."" Even if the payment is being made to settle a debt or other obligation, the creditor may refuse payment if their rationale is reasonable (as determined by the courts)."
Every railroad company Harrison touches has become gold. CSX knows that. Hunter Harrison is best in class and no one else is close. CSX needs HH more than HH needs them. Any rail company would take him off the market in the blink of an eye.
Congratulations on completing the GSoC. I think the short answer is No, and you ought to just hang on to the card and gradually spend it down on your day-to-day expenses: you can spend money off a US prepaid card in Australia, or with online US merchants.  That will probably be a better deal than trying to cash it out, unless you really desperately need the cash.
So I'm not an expert regarding this topic, but the languages i have heard thrown around are  vba (excel), R, stata and python.  Out of these, I think python is the base foundation and then Vba for excel.   Whatever you do, research into these fields. For example, I use to think IB was the end goal without even knowing wtf they do, everyone just kept on talking about. They are just high powered salesman. Also, sadly the truth is if you aren't from a prestigious school high finance is out of the question. Don't waste your time. Also, don't think it's something you are missing out on. Their lives suck was from what I hear and plenty of money can be made elsewhere.   My friend went to cal, got into boutique Ib, he quit after a few years stating his life was miserable. Fuck that. As an economics major you will find out that happiness is important.   Spend your time wisely. Career choice is a big decision.
I cannot explain how the derivative is created in specific, because I have never actually built one. However, [Investopedia](http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/mitts.asp#axzz1wwZTADu5) suggests to me that the concept is quite simple. They are selling a synthetic protective put.   An individual could quite easily remake the payout structure of these securities -  1. Buy the share or index in which you are interested 2. Buy a put option on the same asset with a strike price as your purchase price 3. If you are interested in the target-term aspect, you ought to buy European puts. American options will be more expensive, but give you more flexibility to sell your share. 4. At the maturity of your option, if the share is below the price you paid you can exercise your option and still have your principal. If it is above, leave your option alone and sell your share for profit.
"One advantage of the chip cards is that the card information needed to make purchases can't be easily skimmed or ""stolen"".  Another is that it is more difficult to create a fake physical card.  These advantages still exist regardless of what form of verification is used (or even if no verification is used). The type of fraud you're describing, in which your card is physically lost or stolen, is a relatively small proportion of total fraud (14% according to this site).  One reason this is not as big a problem is that often, if you lose your card or get robbed, you know the card is compromised and you can cancel it.  (Even if it takes you a while to do this, at least you are on the alert.)  The real danger comes when your card info is stolen without your knowledge, and this is harder to do with a chip card. It's also worth noting that there are more ways for a fraudster to get nabbed than being caught red-handed entering the wrong PIN at the point of sale.  The credit card companies are still tracking card usage and watching for unusual purchases that might indicate fraud.  Also, sometimes fraudsters do surprisingly dumb stuff, like use the card to buy something online and mail it to themselves.  So it's not correct to say that there is ""zero risk of getting caught"".  With both stripe and chip cards, you can catch the person by tracking them via their usage of the card. The biggest security risk with the new cards is that many vendors don't actually require use of the chip at all -- they still let you swipe.  However, with changes to credit card liability policies, this is a risk for the vendors, not for you."
I agree about the cheeses, they have a good selection of cheeses at every good prices. Usually better and cheaper than the typical Boar's Head stuff at super markets. The beer I found to be typical pricing or slightly above, usually deals are supermarkets are better.
I seriously doubt that healthy attitudes are catching on on a scale that McDonald's would notice. Rather, I expect the fact that [people eat out more](http://rapidcityjournal.com/news/eating-out-more-popular-as-home-dinner-costs-rise/article_d566dd4d-1445-552a-9137-457a956b6916.html) and the profusion of fast food alternatives that come with that increase in demand are just making plain ol' McDonald's look unappetizing. I'm sure that their reputation as unhealthy isn't helping, but I don't expect that the actual diets people are eating are any better for them overall.
Current state of Chicago prop shops. How bad is it really? I know El Dorado closed up, Chopper got sold, and it looks like a few are on thin ice (i won't name names) but are the big boys like Jump, DRW, or Citadel doing ok?   Volatility just been shit lately, hell there was more volatility in the '90s when I was a floor broker on the NYMEX.
The best thing about bond is the lack of tie in between each movie(except for casino royale and quantum of solace). Each movie can stand on its own and be special on its own. Each movie can have its own bond, own Bond girl, an own villian.    But for Star Wars, how long can you milk a different sith lord, a new Jedi master and yadda yadda.   The first 3 Star Wars were a cult classic that turned into success.the next 3 were just a way to monetize the franchise further, everything afterwards will be garbage.
That's actually pretty sad. Seems like he may have gotten tangled in with the wrong people, probably to deal with his debt, and ended up being killed for it.  Word to the wise, don't take on debt to basically launch your business. Taking on a loan AFTER you've shown your model works and you have a real (sustainable and stable) cash flow in order to grow is more acceptable.  Edit. Apparently his wife died a few years ago from breast cancer too. I think he had a lot to prove, and followed his dream in a misguided direction.
"The way they are tricking you is that they will ask you to send some of the proceeds of the check back to them, after you deposit it in your bank account. So, lets say they send you a $2000 check. You deposit it, send them $500 over western union. And then the bank pulls all $2000 out of your account (the value of the check), leaves you with a negative $500 balances and freezes your account because it took them 3 days to figure out the check was bad. You'll also be in trouble with several authorities. (Whether you send the actual fraudsters money or not) The people that ""enlightened you"" made some money. They get away with it because you don't know their name or anything, the check was written in your name, which is the main paper trail. There is no temp agency."
"Many Web sites and articles warn against buying former rental cars, because people renting these cars often mistreat them. Many of those are also written by unqualified individuals for publication on blog farms and encourage all sorts of odious financial practices. That's not even considering the interests of who is paying to advertise on said blogs-- I'm sure their interests align with making sure you always pay top dollar for a new car. Because those icky used ones are so mistreated! Never trust financial advice published on the internet (or in the media, for that matter). Edit: One caveat on further thought-- never, never buy used vehicles from government auctions (impounds, asset seizures, old police cars, etc). Anybody irresponsible enough to go to jail or abandon their car long enough to lose their assets likely isn't a responsible owner of such, and cops and crooks alike do absolutely beat the snot out of police cars.  When it comes to government-owned vehicles (police cars, schoolbuses) municipal governments are notoriously stingy and will squeeze every last minute of use out of them before putting them on the market. If you're buying a government vehicle, assume it's being sold because it has intractable problems. But from a financial point of view, I notice that rental agencies sell cars within the first two years, during the time when they depreciate the most. Bingo. I figure many large rental companies will have mathematicians who calculate the best time to sell. Does the fact that they sell the car mean during this time suggest that they know the car's cost of further maintenance or other costs will be higher? Or is there another reason they sell at this time which, has a calculated advantage to them, but which is less than idea statistically for me, the purchaser? It doesn't take a PhD to realize it's bad for business if your model revolves around renting out 1970s rustbuckets that run the risk of breaking down and leaving customers stranded in inopportune or dangerous places. Uhaul in particular has a terrible reputation for this, and it shows in the condition of their trucks-- relics of the 90s, all of them. Uber won't let you drive for them if your car is older than 7-10 years for the same reasons. Yes, as a car ages, the chance of having to make repairs increases. Rental agencies are in the business of renting vehicles, not running service centers and garages. It's more aligned with their core business model to just dispose of cars once they've squeezed the most reliable years out of them and amortize the vehicles' depreciation across the tax deductions and fleet pricing they enjoy when buying new ones.  This gets them out of the service game and lets them focus on their core business-- procurement and rental. There's no calculated ""time-to-lemon"" that they're trying to skirt here; they're just trying to avoid having to make any repairs whatsoever."
If you install restaurant patio misting from a leading company, then you can ensure that you customers have a better time when eating outside. These systems not only help provide a cooler environment but even keep a check on dust and insects.
I got a Desire HD, and the only thing i can compain about is the battery, dies in no time at all.  Its ruged like hell tho, the aluminium shell has prevented the screen from cracking atleast 3-4 times for me.
Here's an idea Microsoft,      Take the 10 to 15 thousand dollars that you were going to pay just for the H1-B Visas, and develop a training program where you accept anyone with a Master's Degree in anything (just as proof they can learn), and redevelop your own workforce in a training environment. Make the commitment from the workers 3-5 years and make the pay less than an average starting engineer/whatever you need. After the 3-5 years, they have the option of staying or going and you better make the package more attractive to keep them if you want them to stay. Simple as a pimple, doesn't need foreign workers or politics and actually creates more customers since it's very unlikely any of the citizen workers will be sending money home to foreign families remaining in country.
**Rule of law**  The rule of law is the legal principle that law should govern a nation, as opposed to being governed by decisions of individual government officials. It primarily refers to the influence and authority of law within society, particularly as a constraint upon behaviour, including behaviour of government officials. The phrase can be traced back to 16th century Britain, and in the following century the Scottish theologian Samuel Rutherford used the phrase in his argument against the divine right of kings. John Locke wrote that freedom in society means being subject only to laws made by a legislature that apply to everyone, with a person being otherwise free from both governmental and private restrictions upon liberty.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24
I'm not one to hype the importance of college as most of it is total bullshit, but I've honestly learned so much in my masters in IT that I couldn't fathom being in a position like that without some sort of formal schooling.
I listen to the JRE frequently (also Schiff's podcast).  Peter Schiff is a gold bug so he's going to have some biases there and against crypto. He does have some very interesting things to say and I like the guy (I'm very familiar with him), but at the end of the day, he's a salesman. BTW, I'm diversified into physical metals myself, hold as a hedge against the dollar.  Crypto/cashless is where things are going, but I think that's still a ways off.  It's way too volatile right now to be used as money, it's filled with speculators hoping to make some easy money. Governments will want to track every transaction so they can tax it. Plus, if you can't take your money out (i.e., cash), they can easily take rates negative, and negative rates are already a reality abroad.
Scale Manager provides the best water conditioner product in the world.  As a chemical-free Hard water descaler for commercial, industrial and residential applications, Magnation guarantees reduced. This action inhibits the minerals from bonding into the larger water molecules which cause scale buildup. Although, the mineral elements are held in postponement and repel each other, which stopped the process of calcification. Depending on the hardness of your water, this may need to be done once a week.
"http://annualcreditreport.com gives you free access to your 3 credit bureau records. (Annual, not ""free"". The ""free"" guys will try to sell you something.)"
Not for or against Trump but that would make sense.  It’s a lot easier for growth as the economy ramps out of a recession back to pre-recession levels.  Once that point has been reached things should begin to slow down.
"Hike is currently not earning but actually investing it into the app to achieve goals of their long term strategy. Their motive is to make hike #1 messenging app and until that it ""WILL REMAIN FREE"" but once they achieve that, then like WhatsApp, developers will make hike paid too or atleast you have to pay a small price to use hike. Imagine if hike would have been a paid app or you would have to pay money immediately after yor download hike. Would you have paid the money when you had better alternatives or had no friends on hike? Whatsapp earns money by charging people who use WhatsApp services."
What would be the best way to estimate / calculate the basis risk exposure of a commodity trading company? Naturally companies are very cagey when it comes to such info, but is there a way to come up with an approximate number?
Insurance, incorporation, marketing, related fees, licenses, and maintenance would all cost way more than you likely paid for that thing.   It seems like a *really* low valued investment in infrastructure/resources for the amount of annual investment you'd need to keep things running.
"As an investment opportunity: NO. As a friendly assist with money you don't mind ever getting back, legal depending on amount. A few years back I was in the housing market myself and researching interest rates and mortgages.  For one property I was very interested in, I would need about $4K extra in liquid cash to complete the down-payment.  A pair of options I saw were a ""combo loan"" 15yr 4% interest for the house, 1yr 8% interest for the $4K.  Alternately, the ""bank of mom and dad"" could offer the 4K loan for a much lower rate. The giftable limit where reporting is not required was $12,000 at the time I did the review.  IRS requires personal loans to be counted as having interest at the commercial rate.  Thus an interest free loan of $10K with commercial interest rate of 1% (for easy math) would be counted as a gift of $10,100 for that calendar year. Disclaimer: Ultimately, I did not use this approach and did not have it subjected to a legal review."
It seems that any news article headline that includes a dollar amount or a percentage is click bait. In the best cases they're sensationalizing a mundane study. In the worst cases the study is as flawed as the headline. In either case the liberal arts major has their revenge on the world.
"I agree with you about automation making this an AH FUCK YEAH for most busy household ""managers."" As the person in charge of purchasing all household essentials, I can pretty much tell you *to the day* when I will need to restock pantry essentials like Olive Oil, Salt, etc. Not to mention things like toilet paper &amp; shampoo.   I'm really curious to see how Blue Apron evolves over time. I've used them before and am generally not impressed with their recipes - they lack creativity and generally aren't all that great. Now, if I wasn't an avid cook, was just moving out on my own, and had generally no idea what to cook for myself, I think it'd be great . . . but then again I didn't have that kind of disposable income when I was at that stage in my life."
"Diversification tends to protect you from big losses. But it also tends to ""protect"" you from big gains. In any industry, some companies provide good products and services and prosper while others have problems and fail. (Or maybe the winners are just lucky or they paid off the right politicians, whatever, not the point here.) If you put all your money in one stock and they do well, you could make a bundle. But if you pick a loser, you could lose your entire investment. If you buy a little stock in each of many companies, then some will go up and some will go down, and your returns will be an average of how everyone in the industry is doing. Suppose I offered to bet you a large sum of money that if I roll a die, it will come up 6. You might be reluctant to take that bet, because you can't predict what number will come up on one roll of a die. But suppose I offered to bet you a large sum of money that a die will come up 6, 100 times in a row. You might well take that bet, because the chance that it will turn up 6 time after time after time is very low. You reduce risk by spreading your bets. Anyone who's bought stock has surely had times when he said, ""Oh man! If only I'd bought X ten years ago I'd be a millionaire now!"" But quite a few have also said, ""If only I'd sold X ten years ago I wouldn't have lost all this money!""  I recently bought a stock a stock that within a few months rose to 10 times what I paid for it ... and then a few months later the company went bankrupt and the stock was worth nothing. I knew the company was on a roller coaster when I bought the stock, I was gambling that they'd pull through and I'd make money. I guessed wrong. Fortunately I gambled an amount that I was willing to lose."
"IN 1986, the NCAA decided Southern Methodist deserved the harshest penalty ever given to an athletic program.  It was decided that they not only committed violations, but they committed the same violations that they were currently in trouble for.  SMU recieved ""the death penalty.""  They were not allowed to play football for one year, not allowed to have home games for another year, extensive probation, limited staff, and not allowed to recruit.  I think Wells Fargo needs the death penalty.  Every branch needs to close for 1 year (except for account transfers), every ATM needs to close for 2, extensive probation, limit the number of executive-level positions to half the previous number, and they are not allowed to advertise hiring or recruit for a year."
"It's not really my field, but I believe it's all the information that doesn't change (i.e. isn't ""real-time"") about the business of hedge funds.  For example, this site quotes: The product maintains comprehensive static data records including assets,       depositories, accounts, settlement instructions and a wide range of       supporting data..."
Sherif El-Refai enrolled in the University Of Florida Hough Graduate School Of Business, where he plans to earn his Master of Business Administration. His course load concentrates on marketing and global management and competitive strategy. He also maintains membership in the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists.
Do not obsess about doing too much, do not tire if you do little, you have to learn to recognize the sensations of your new thin body, to know that weight loss diet fill you with energy without gaining kilos or the other way around, that foods fill you with kilos without gaining Energy. It is a moment of change. Get out of your comfort zone, explore the world of food and physical activity, and make yourself a smaller, nicer place, you're going to become a new person.
"When Google's AI is sophisticated enough ""read"" images to match search queries, there's going to be a lot of opportunity for new types of ad revenue. They're already using this technology in their translation app. Traditional SEO would be disrupted."
Using the highest quality materials and state of the art technology we offer quality finish. Our highly experienced technicians can meet any demand and complete the job in no time. With our reasonable pricing and fast turnaround, we provide a very cost effective service.
"Hulu being part of NBC makes it really confusing why it was only 2 days ago when Community finally went from being ""past 5 eps, web only"" to ""all eps, devices OK with hulu plus"". It's in the middle of its third season!"
I don't know what you program during the day, but you could always try your hand a programming for iPhone, Android or Blackberry.  Just spend an hour or two a night on a simple but useful application.  Find something that matches a hobby interest of yours and come up with an app that would be beneficial to people of that hobby.
Get your friend to send over some samples. Find out who your customer going to be? Make a list of coffee companies and contact their purchasing departments. They will probably ask for a sample. Then when they agree to buy some from you, ship them over from Guatemala.
I work in consulting and Risk Management. Most of the top IBs in US are our clients.  Risk Management is a very broad field. You need a solid understanding of Statistics, Stochastic Calculus, Pricing, Regulations and some accounting as well.  This area of finance is very quantitative and its becoming more quantitative almost every day. With that being said there are some niche fields in here like model governance, enterprise risk, strategic risk, regulations, process and controls which are not quantitative.  Work load is crazy. I think almost everyone in our group works 10-12 hour days, with some people working 16 hour days on average. This isn't twiddle your thumbs at your desk either, I mean your head buried in your monitor or trying to understand a paper work. At the banks the work load is usually but not always a less.
&gt; ... Illegal activity  I don't know about that. All I can do is give you my general experience from working with a large, healthy company. If he had been turned away by management, and then by HR, and THEN corporate legal, perhaps he should've sought personal legal counsel.   Instead, he chose to write this post and share it openly within the company, resulting in it being shared publicly whole the company is being investigated regarding pay fair. If nothing else, it's just bad timing. Nobody should be overly surprised that they terminated him for this.
No, it's more like going to a trendy foodie place where they give you a tiny portion on a decorative platter with a fancy name and sure the ambience plus service helps make it taste better but at the end of the day it's still a piece of fish with some sauce on it.
"Their analysts are actually pretty bright. Remember, they downgraded Facebook before the IPO. However, it doesn't stop the sheep from buying the stock. It's just like those subprime mortgages that pretty much said ""THIS IS CRAP"" all over the prospectus, and people still brought it."
Having money held from one paycheck hardly counts as being covered by a retirement plan in my book! It's not your book that counts, it's the Congress' book called the Internal Revenue Code. No, you cannot rescind a contribution after the fact. Maybe during the year you can do something with employer balancing it out, but not after the year is closed. (That, by the way, is different for IRAs where you can actually do re-characterization until the tax day of the next year)
Can you afford to replace it? What does that mean?  Even if insuring means overpaying, it does spread the risk.  NB: This example is not about the Applecare program, which I think is a waste of money for many people. Others have explained very well if it would work for you or not.  I have a Macbook but no Applecare. I have an expensive smartphone with insurance for dropping and water damage, but not theft. After one year I cancel this insurance. I don't have $200K in my bank account.
Why won't anyone just answer the original question? The question was not about opportunity cost or flexibility or family expenses. There are no right answers to any of those things and they all depend on individual circumstances. I believe the answer to the question of whether paying off a 30-year mortgage in 15 years would cost the same amount as a 15-year mortgage of the same interest rate is yes but ONLY if you pay it off on the exact same schedule as your supposed 15-year. In reality, the answer is NO for two reasons: the amortization schedule; and the fact that the 30-year will always have a higher interest rate than the 15-year. The way mortgages are amortized, the interest is paid first, essentially. For most people the majority of the monthly payment is interest for the first half of the loan's life. This is good for most people because, in reality, most mortgages only last a couple years after which people refinance or move and for those first couple years the majority of one's housing costs (interest) are tax deductible. It is arguable whether perpetuating this for one's entire life is wise... but that's the reality of most mortgages. So, unless you pay off your 30-year on the exact same amortization schedule of your theoretical 15-year, you will pay more in interest. A common strategy people pursue is paying an extra monthly payment (or more) each year. By the time you get around to chipping away at your principal in that way, you will already have paid a lot more interest than you would have on a 15-year. And, really, if you can afford to substantially pay down principal in the first year or two of your mortgage, you probably should've borrowed less money to begin with. In theory, IF the rates were the same (they're not) and IF you paid the 30 off every month in the EXACT same way as you would've paid a 15 (you won't) you will pay the same amount in the end. You have to decide if the flexibility is worth more to you than the cost savings.  For example: a 300k mortgage at 3.5% will have a monthly payment of ~$2150 for a 15-year and ~$1350 for a 30-year, both will start with ~$875/month of that being in interest (gradually declining with time). What I think most people undervalue is the freedom and peace of mind that comes with a paid off or nearly paid off home... and 15 years is a lot more tangible than 30, plus a lot cheaper over all. If you can afford a 15-year mortgage without putting too much stress on your budget, it is definitely the better option for financial security.  And be careful of the index fund opportunity cost advice. On average it may be a good idea when you look at the very long run, historically, but a lot of people get less than average returns depending on when they buy and what the market does in the short run. There is no certainty around what returns you will get from the stock market, but if you have a 30-year mortgage there is a lot of certainty around what you will owe every month for the next 30-years. Different mixes of investments make sense for different people, and most people would be wise to get some exposure to the stock market for its returns and liquidity. However, if someone's goal is borrowing more money for their house in order to invest more money in the stock market for their retirement, they would actually be better served in achieving security and independence 15 years sooner.
Oh, so the government requests it, incurring a debt, and our taxes go towards paying off that debt?  So our taxes are paying for the work that gets done?  Just like I said?  Who knew!  You worked really hard to try to obfuscate that!  Big business is totally doing the work out of the kindness of their heart, and not for the money the government is paying them.  They are so altruistic and amazing! /s
"In this environment, I don't think that it is advisable to buy a broad emerging market fund.  Why? ""Emerging market"" is too broad... Look at the top 10 holdings of the fund... You're exposed to Russia & Brazil (oil driven), Chinese and Latin American banks and Asian electronics manufacturing. Those are sectors that don't correlate, in economies that are unstable -- a recipie for trouble unless you think that the global economy is heading way up. I would recommend focusing on the sectors that you are interested in (ie oil, electronics, etc) via a low cost vehicle like an index ETF or invest using a actively managed emerging markets fund with a strategy that you understand.  Don't invest a dime unless you understand what you are getting into. An index fund is just sorting companies by market cap. But... What does market cap mean when you are buying a Chinese bank?"
Mathematically speaking there would be a point where the  expected value  EV of purchasing every possible ticket would be favorable but only if you take in account both the jackpot payout and the lesser payouts of all the wining tickets  however practically speaking since the powerball has a liability payout limit which means they dont have to pay out more money than they took in you cant beat the house ( or the government)
Hindsight is 20/20, but I offer some suggestions for how this might have gone down. If you had told the bank what was going on they might have extended the terms of your loan until the truck was ready. Alternatively you might have taken the loan (was it secured on the truck?) and put the money in a savings account until the truck showed up, while asking the dealer to pay the interest on it until the truck showed up. Or you might asked the dealer to supply you with a rental truck until yours showed up. I'm not saying I would have thought of these under the circumstances, but worth trying.
What a pointless list!  It's ranked by total short interest outstanding.  That's completely meaningless.  For instance, a $1 billion company with $1 billion in shorts (meaning the market thinks it's bankrupt) would be ranked much better than a $100 billion company with $1.1 billion in short interest.  tl;dr:  pure and utter bullshit
I would contribute this money to the deposit, but wouldn’t pay anything else-more, and want to know if they do the house up, and it increases in value how does my share gets worked out if I want it out in about l0 years? This can be simple; You have contributed 9K out of 260 K. You own Approx. 3.4% of equity in the house. Whenever this gets sold, you will get back 3.4%. Now the real trick comes in, if the house is not being sold, ie your Sister would continue using it, and you want out, then one would need to decide the fair market value. You could agree to consult some lists or agree of the fair value based on sale price of similar properties in the area. This is where it normally gets difficult and can cause disputes. we do not have much money for solicitors / lawyers, and we don't really really need them It is advisable to get a lawyer as one doesn't know what happens 10 years in future, things may go wrong between you and your sister, or your sister is no more and her fiancé  may not honor the agreement you have. There are other considerations;   It would be advisable you have your name on the property. It would help from Tax point of view in future. If you are not having your name on the property, then the money you are giving would be loan or gift and needs to have the right paper work If its a gift you can't have it back. Your sister would have to make a gift back to you later whenever you want out. So it can really be complicated and it would be worth the money you spend on lawyer
I think this piece would be great with some direction and editing.  The idea of JOINING a start up can be considered a long con. You are not working for yourself nor a cause you created or developed. The pay is very low, the hours are long and the promise of equity might either never be there (Remember Zynga taking back equity?), be poorly constructed (Pay-in options are just like equity right? Right guys?) or worse, might be worthless through no fault of your own.  Where will you be if either happens? The idea that you stuck around with a company for 3-6 years in order to maximize your equity value is not only limiting, it can be career damaging. 20 year olds should be trying different careers and gaining a sea of experience. Go out and build up that all important network isn't going to happen in one place.
"I agree....  Do these people realize.... if talents can't come here, in the long run, companies can just set up office off shore and just IMPORT.  Then I bet people would say ""why don't we have massive import tax and go back to 1900?""  Then I would check this isn't r/socialist first and respond ""I won't explain basic macroeconomics in a business sub, but check out how Argentina faired due to Protectionism. ""  This is basic.......,"
"Bank of America exists at this moment because the US taxpayers gave it billions (Billions with a B) to save it in the 2008 crash. And they are part of the financial sector's successful lobbying against doing anything major to prevent another ""to big to fail"" situation, and are working hard to weaken the few protections put in place after 2008.  Which means they are still too big to fail and the economy is still on the same rickety roller coaster it was a decade ago. Another crash is gonna happen, and BofA and the rest of them will have their hands out again.  Put it in escrow for when the next bailout comes."
The difference is the time when they are released and how much revenue they have recouped at that point.  The Shaw Cable PPV movie is likely to be even newer than the itunes HD movies which cost $4.99 or $5.99.
Dude go the dermatology route. Basically a standard 9-5 and starting at $250k in the Midwest (more on the coasts.)  IB is hell, and also 80 hours a week, at least it was on the M&amp;A side.   It sounds like you're just picking these options for the money, and no real passion for any of it. You're not going to like what you do if you're just doing it solely for a great paycheck.
XE.com will do an ACH transfer for no fee, and they'll give you a better exchange rate than your bank.  I use them for converting CAD/USD.
"&gt;is this going to turn into one of those oh-so-common cases where you demand an example, and then when I actually give you an example, you will just say ""lol that doesn't count for such and such reasons, give me another"" and we end up in an endless loop where you keep just moving the goalposts?  \  &gt;You know that your opinion is based on a fairytale that has never successfully coalesced in over 10,000 years of human existence in any kind of size *to be meaningful*. We have literally millennia of different forms of government that we can pick through and learn from. And yet anarchy hasn't made it through any timeframe *in anything but* statistically insignificant small and short lived societies. You had to *reach back to medieval times* just to find one single relevant example  oh well. I gave it a shot."
In all likelihood, the best thing you can do, if these really are your only two options (ie no other debt at all), paying-down your mortgage will shorten the term of the mortgage, and mean you spend less on your house in the long run. Investing is should be a long-term activity - so yes, the likelihood is that, given a modest investment, it will gain at historical averages over the life of the investment vehicle. However, that is not a guarantee, and is an inherent risk. Whereas paying-down a mortgage lowers your financial obligations and risk, investing increases your risk. I want to know how you got a 2.1% interest rate on a mortgage, though - the lowest I've seen anywhere is 3.25%.
There isn't a single hard and fast return to expect. Securities, like all things in a free market, compete for your money. As the Fed sets the tone for the market with their overnight Fed funds rate, you might want to use a multiple of the 'benchmark' 10-year T-note yeald. So let's suppose that a good multiple is four. The current yeald on the 10-year T-note is hovering around two. That would give a target yeald of eight.  http://stockcharts.com/h-sc/ui?s=%24UST10Y&p=W&b=5&g=0&id=p47115669808
We've found a great idea for a bachelorette party in greatest West Palm Beach Escape Rooms, we can make rememberable and unique your party which has been added to your bachelorette itinerary. If anyone in your party has special tools or questions to activity level for each room. The bachelorette parties west palm beach set in a gorgeous  nightclub, our hostesses will lead your friends with an amazing party service. This game is the brain based puzzle, each group in the game allowed to ask hints to play.  A maximum number of the escape room is described in the instructions of the game.
I was having issues with transferring money from my UK bank (HSBC) to my paypal... HSBC was asking for an IBAN code to complete the transaction. I couldn't find an IBAN code listed anywhere on my Paypal acct. What finally solved it for me was when I entered the last 4 digits of the Paypal account number, HSBC then threw up a message saying that payee was listed in my payees and to do a search for payees. (I had never manually entered my Paypal as a payee, but it was there in a huge list of companies already known and listed by HSBC.) Then all I had to do was put in the reference number Paypal had given and the amount. It was in my paypal account within minutes.  Hope this helps :)
You have a comparatively small sum to invest, and since you're presumably expecting to go to college.university soon, where you may well need the money, you also have a short timescale for your investment. I don't think anything stock-related would be good for you -- you need a longer timescale for stock market investments, at least five years and preferably ten or more. I don't know the details of Australian savings, but I'd suggest just finding a bank that is giving a good interest rate for a one-year fixed-term savings account.
You would have to compare your backtesting to what you will be doing in real trading, and try to have the backtesting as close to your real trading as possible. Note: you may never get the backtesting to match your real trading exactly but you need to get as close as possible. The whole purpose of backtesting is to check if your trading strategies - your signals, entries and exits, and your stops - are profitable over various market conditions. As you would be using actual closes to do your real trading you should be using this to also do your backtesting. Rather than using adjusted data to get an idea of your total return from your backtesting, you can always add the value of the dividends and other corporate actions to the results from using the actual data. You may even find a way to add any dividends and other corporate action to your results automatically, i.e. any dividend amount added to your total return if the stock is held during the ex-dividend date. If you are using adjusted data in your backtesting this may affect any stops you have placed, i.e. it may cause your stop to be triggered earlier or later than in real trading. So you will need to determine how you will treat your stops in real trading.  Will you adjust them when there is corporate action such as dividends?  Or will you leave them constant until actual prices have gone up? If you will be leaving your stops constant then you should definitely be using actual data in your backtesting to better match your real trading.
Modular Kitchen in Udaipur http://kitchensdot.com/   Modular kitchen consists of several modules or units so it is named as modular kitchen. Modular kitchen enhances the beauty and functionality of your kitchen. Kitchens dot com is customer oriented organization. We are known for high quality array of modular kitchens. Our offered variety is highly applauded for its captivating look, high longevity, ideal strength and termite resistance features.
Jimmy Group cung cấp những dịch vụ hỗ trợ Đầu Tư tốt nhất đến cộng đồng  1-     Nhận Ủy thác đầu tư Vàng Tài Khoản  2-     Cung cấp chiến lược đầu tư hàng ngày và chiến lược VIP  3-     Rỡ rối trong giao dịch  4-     Tư vấn đầu tư Vàng Vật Chất  5-     Quản lý Vốn đầu tư Chứng Khoán  6-     Giới thiệu Doanh Nghiệp bằng việc giới thiệu liên kết Nhà tài trợ và viết bài về Nhà tài trợ  7-     Tổ chức những buổi chia sẽ Hệ thống giao dịch và kinh nghiệm giao dịch của Jimmy Group  Với nguồn thông tin SẠCH trong đầu tư, Jimmy Group sẽ đem lại nhiều thông tin bổ ích cho Cộng đồng vì mục tiêu Giảm rủi ro – Tăng lợi nhuận.
&gt;Can't be that much more sustainable, isn't China also building ghost cities at break neck speeds here?  Most ghost cities fill up eventually. There are some major fuckups, but that's always been the case with urbanization, and China still has a shitton of peasants tied to the land its trying to slowly get into the cities. Cf many other urbanization processes which resulted in huge numbers of people living in hastily built structures unsuitable for human health, and then dying in a fire / plague.
"If I had to take sides, I'd think that it would be better to be able to divide up the entirety of your savings into big ""buckets,"" as others are saying in their answers -- if not in physically accounts, then at least conceptually. Let's say you're 45 years old and have $350,000 in various accounts.  I would argue that you should at the very least know this level of detail: So, if you get in a really, really bad snowmobile accident that costs $100,000, you know, at least conceptually, that: Now, you're in a better position to revise your goals.  Maybe you decide that real estate isn't ""all that"" and you allocate the entire shortfall to that item, and reallocate it to start the first Snowmobile Safety Program in the country. So now it looks like this: But had you not compartmentalized the funds to begin with, you wouldn't have known where you stood."
I've used yahoo to perform the exercise you're asking about. It allows you to download price data, month end if you wish, and by manipulating via a spreadsheet to add a column for purchases, you can easily see how your £100/mo would end after so long a time period.
&gt;I agree. That's why I require that my employees sleep at the office so they don't waste time driving back and forth. Much more efficient. Sadly, the Department of Labor disagrees, so its a no go until the lawsuit gets resolved. Goddamn guvermint regulation getting in the way of us job creators.  Quite the straw man there. There's a vast gap between efficiently using your employees  and virtual slavery, and you went for the slavery side. Which is a silly argument, unless you're accusing 3G or Kraft/Heinz of slavery.  &gt;cough http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/tim-hortons-class-action-1.4167739 cough.  So first of all, that has nothing to do with unrest about the product or values. This is a dispute between franchisees and corporate, not between customers and the chain. Second, your link is about a lawsuit that's just starting and currently unproven. Third, it alleges that the parent company is not using the advertisement fund properly, which not only has nothing to do with the product/values, but also seems like an incredibly difficult thing to prove - how would the franchisees even know how much TH's is spending on advertising?   Your link doesn't even attempt to address any point I made. It's just an article about Tim Horton's and a specific group of people being angry. It mentions nothing about customers. It mentions nothing about product quality. In fact, the only relevant piece of information to the discussion at hand is that product prices have gone up, but restaurant prices have stayed the same, which would suggest that the customer is getting a better deal!
"&gt; What is a ""YouTube prank channel""?  Late teens to early 20 something assholes, filming themselves being assholes, and while their buddy laughs behind camera.  They call it a prank or social experiment.  It's as dumb as you think it is."
"In layman's terms, oil on the commodities market has a ""spot price"" and a ""future price"". The spot price is what the last guy paid to buy a barrel of oil right now (and thus a pretty good indicator of what you'll have to pay). The futures price is what the last guy paid for a ""futures contract"", where they agreed to buy a barrel of oil for $X at some point in the future. Futures contracts are a form of hedging; a futures contract is usually sold at a price somewhere between the current spot price and the true expected future spot price; the buyer saves money versus paying the spot price, while the seller still makes a profit. But, the buyer of a futures contract is basically betting that the spot price as of delivery will be higher, while the seller is betting it will be lower. Futures contracts are available for a wide variety of acceptable future dates, and form a curve when plotted on a graph that will trend in one direction or the other. Now, as Chad said, oil companies basically get their cut no matter what. Oil stocks are generally a good long-term bet. As far as the best short-term time to buy in to an oil stock, look for very short windows when the spot and near-future price of gasoline is trending downward but oil is still on the uptick. During those times, the oil companies are paying their existing (high) contracts for oil, but when the spot price is low it affects futures prices, which will affect the oil companies' margins. Day traders will see that, squawk ""the sky is falling"" and sell off, driving the price down temporarily. That's when you buy in. Pretty much the only other time an oil stock is a guaranteed win is when the entire market takes a swan dive and then bottoms out. Oil has such a built-in demand, for the foreseeable future, that regardless of how bad it gets you WILL make money on an oil stock. So, when the entire market's in a panic and everyone's heading for gold, T-debt etc, buy the major oil stocks across the spectrum. Even if one stock tanks, chances are really good that another company will see that and offer a buyout, jacking the bought company's stock (which you then sell and reinvest the cash into the buying company, which will have taken a hit on the news due to the huge drop in working capital). Of course, the one thing to watch for in the headlines is any news that renewables have become much more attractive than oil. You wait; in the next few decades some enterprising individual will invent a super-efficient solar cell that provides all the power a real, practical car will ever need, and that is simultaneously integrated into wind farms making oil/gas plants passe. When that happens oil will be a thing of the past."
Very interesting article, thanks for posting. It's going to get really interesting really fast if investors force governments to raise taxes to pay investors, regardless of who's 'right' in the situation.   On a related note, I read awhile back that many US cities have sold the rights to various public areas to foreigners. For example, I believe Chicago sold the rights to collect parking fees along certain streets for 75 years to a company in the Middle East. Some cities then found that if they wanted to have a parade down that street, they had to compensate the company that owned the parking rights because they wouldn't collect any revenue the day of the parade.   I can't see how this ends well for the US economy.
Opened Long - is when you open a long position. Long means that you buy to open the position, so you are trying to profit as the price rises. So if you were closing a long position you would sell it. Closed Short - is when you close out a short position. Short means that you sell to open and buy back to close. With a short position you are trying to profit as the price falls. Scaled Out - means you get out of a position in increments as the price climbs (for long positions). Scaled In - means you set a target price and then invest in increments as the stock falls below that price (for long positions).
Generally bank transfers are not in themselves liable for tax. However making profit generally is taxed either as income, capital gains or some combination of the two. It seems that in the UK cryptocurrencies are being treated like other currencies for tax purposes and that trading profits/losses may count as either income or capital gains depending on the circumstances. https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/revenue-and-customs-brief-9-2014-bitcoin-and-other-cryptocurrencies/revenue-and-customs-brief-9-2014-bitcoin-and-other-cryptocurrencies However I do not know how to unravel whether particular trading activity would count as income or capital gains. I would suggest gathering as much information as possible and then discussing this with an accountant.
No. At least not in my case. Without divulging too much information. I don't tell any of my distributors how to sell my company's products our engage their customer base, but due to the nature of my business, I am frequently called on for product selection, marketing, quality, etc. Distributors often utilize their account reps and managers to help them push products on their customer base. The only way this could be seen as truthful, in my opion, is direct retail distribution. Because how are you going to track the product after it has been purchased by a consumer.
She should call 211. This is exactly how they help. The 2-1-1 service is run by the United Way, a nonprofit organization. The 2-1-1 service strives to be a clearinghouse for services within a local area.
You should seek professional advice from an accountant.
"Marketing is much more than ad placement. It encompasses everything - product price, design, how it feels in your hand, how it tastes, where you buy it, what you think when you think of a product in your mind.   Imagine something when you read the word ""soda"" - what comes to mind? Does it have a design? Color? A name? A label? Can you imagine the taste?  Unless you live in a self sufficient commune, you are influenced by marketing to some degree."
"If you have trouble with the USA then you might also consider an account in Singapore.  They're also better about international situations than the USA.  They also have a reputation for ""slapping down"" on corruption."
"Your return from a bond fund corresponds to the return on the underlying bonds (minus fees) during your holding period. So you can buy AND sell at any time. Some funds charge a penalty of 2% or whatever if you sell your fund shares within 30 or 60 days of buying it. There are two basic ways to profit from a bond fund. 1) you get dividends from the interest paid on the bonds. 2) you have a capital gain (or loss) on the bonds themselves. 1) is likely to happen. MOST (not all) bonds pay interest on time, and on a regular basis. This component of returns is ALMOST guaranteed. 2) There are no guarantees on what the ""market"" will pay for bonds at any given time, so this component of bonds is NOT AT ALL guaranteed. Your ""total return is the sum of 1) and 2) (minus fees). Since 2) is uncertain, your ""total return"" is uncertain."
The first thing you need to do is to set yourself a budget. Total all your money coming in (from jobs, allowances, etc.) and all your money going out (including rent, utilities, loan repayments, food, other essential and the luxuries).  If your money coming in is more than your money going out, then you are onto a positive start. If on the other hand your money going out is more than the money coming in, then you are at the beginning of big trouble. You will have to do at least one of 2 things, either increase your income or reduce your expenses or both. You will have to go through all your expenses (money going out) and cut back on the luxuries, try to get cheaper alternatives for some of your essential, and get a second job or increase your hours at your current job. The aim is to always have more money coming in than the money you spend. The second thing to do is to pay off any outstanding debts by paying more than the minimum amounts and then have some savings goals. You said you wanted to save for a car - that is one saving goal. Another saving goal could be to set up a 6 month emergency fund (enough money in a separate account to be able to survive at least 6 months in case something happened, such as you lost your job or you suddenly got sick). Next you could look at getting a higher education so you can go out and get higher paying jobs. When you do get a higher paying job, the secret is not to spend all your extra money coming in on luxuries, you should treat yourself but do not go overboard. Increase the amounts you save and learn how to invest so you can get your savings to work harder for you. Building a sound financial future for yourself takes a lot of hard work and discipline, but once you do get started and change the way you do things you will find that it doesn't take long for things to start getting easier. The one thing you do have going for you is time; you are starting early and have time on your side.
Because the normal and **perfectly effective** regulatory controls in place for the past 130 years, that allowed the states to monitor and intervene in any predatory lending, was dismantled by Bush in 2003, when he blocked all 50 state attorney generals from routinely investigating what they noticed was a sudden growth in questionable banking practices.  Not only that, when [ALL 50 state attorney generals protested](http://www.atg.wa.gov/BlogPost.aspx?id=28620), Bush used the OCC to threaten to sue any state AGs who persisted.    i.e., in 2003 Bush forcefully undid the longstanding Consumer Protection laws and castrated the state AGs, right as the state AGs were proceeding to stop the uptick in illicit bank practices, leading to the mortgage crisis a few years later. It wasn't until the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 that Congress **restored** what Bush dismantled in 2003.  (for your historical reference:  OCC = office of comptroller of currency.  The OCC and the states have long had a fair and balanced dual system, set by the vast majority of past Supreme Court rulings and the National Bank Act.  Bush abolished that precedent and used the OCC to give banks the power for the first time to fight off the state regulators.)
A lower Price/Book Value means company is undervalued. It could also mean something horribly wrong. While it may look like a good deal, remember;
I've done this, though with a loan company rather than a bank.  We agreed on price, drove to the loan company's office (the seller having notified them in advance), I gave them the money, got the title, and they gave the balance to the seller.   Important point is that you get the signed-off title from the lienholder.
"This ""article"" is pretty shit, but the one point it *should* bring up is that unemployment numbers do not include previously self-employed people that are actively looking for a job.  Because I'm not on unemployment, I'm not counted as unemployed and looking for a job, even though I am. Also, unemployment benefits run out at a certain time, so the government can write off self-employed people and people who's benefits have run out. That doesn't mean that those people aren't still looking.  If you think the government doesn't cook the books in their favor... well then I have at least a century's worth of history to show you."
&gt;I think the Fed should print $ and distribute per capita rather than do QE, which helps the rich more...  That I agree with, but I think it would be more straight forward at the moment to just increase the minimum wage first of all, and then look at printing money.  Also not all subsidies are created equal, some are good at shaping desired behavior but too often they are inefficient and to the benefit of big business and the rich which doesn't need them.
This has never really adequately explained it for me, and I've tried reading up on it all over the place. For a long time I thought that in a trade, the market maker pockets the spread *for that trade*, but that's not the case.  The only sensible explanation I've found (which I'm not going to give in full...) is that the market maker will provide liquidity by buying and selling trades they have no actual view on (short or long), and if the spread is higher, that contributes directly to the amount they make over time when they open and close positions they've made.  It would be great to see a single definitive example somewhere that shows how a market maker makes money.
I agree, the markets that Amazon competes in his extremely competitive with larger companies (such as Wal Mart) operating at smaller margins to increase volume. Since Amazon is continuously trying to increase its customer base and customer loyalty, they really need the low margins. The 1% increase could be harmful to the long-term growth of the company, which as the executives of Amazon explain, really matters more than higher profits this quarter.  Furthermore, 5% decrease in SGA sounds like a company that's downsizing, particularly a company that operates as efficiently as Amazon, making that suggestion unreasonable and unrealistic.
For case 1, there is no tax due as you sold the book for less than your cost basis. If you had sold for more than $100, then you would have had a profit. For case 2, that depends on the value of the gift card with respect to the value of your fare. Most likely that gift card is less than the cost of the fare. And in that case it would generally be treated as a reduction in the purchase price. The same way that rebates and cash back on credit card are treated. Note if for some reason a 1099 was generated that would change the situation and you would need to consult a tax professional. Since that would indicate that the other party to the transaction had a different view of the situation.
I didn't expect them to say anything in particular... I was too busy reading up on Softbank's history, strategy, spectrum holdings, devices, and partner list.  Saying the same thing twice is actually works if it is a fact.
Level 2 morning paper was tough, and a few tricky moments in the afternoon, but overall they were fair, no complete blindsiders.  I battled with derivatives (apart from 2 gimmes in each paper), but I expected as much, so not too worried about that.
No.  You will already have paid taxes on the gift you give to your wife, so there will be no tax savings.
"I've been listening to Dave Ramsey a lot lately, and he encourages (encourage might be too light of a word for him) this priority list for budgeting: I would strongly advise you to tackle this list before you start to think about any sizable ""fun"" spending.  If you don't have #1, set that aside first. The options you mentioned: New roof: You should ask yourself ""what is the potential cost of not getting a new roof?"" If you can save up for it a little at a time, while putting most of the rest of your money to paying off debt, that's what I would do.  Unless, of course, there is damage or risk of damage to your house by not doing it now. Then, you need to do the same measurement (of doing the roof now) against the goal of saving three to six months of expenses.  Especially in your case, with your mortgage underwater, you want to be sure you are prepared should anything happen (for example, losing a job, and potentially being forced to move for a new job). Cars/student loan: (Refer to #3 above — in other words, yes)."
Conversion of after-tax 401K into a Roth is known (on Bogleheads for instance) as a Mega Backdoor Roth IRA.  Recent tax rulings seem to allow for this kind of transfer more cleanly. After conversions, the money is treated as a normal Roth - you don't pay any taxes or penalties on contributions.  For investment earnings, the Roth IRA has the standard five-year rule: most commonly - you must hold the account for five years and be 59.5  years old (there are other criteria). Otherwise, you may pay taxes plus a 10% penalty on the earnings portion of your distribution.  There are other reasons you can withdraw early - spelled out in IRS Publication 590B Figure 2-1.
The short answer, probably not much.  Unless you have a controlling interest in the company.  If at least 50%+1 of the shareholder votes are in favor of the dilution then it can be done.  There are some SEC rules that should protect against corporate looting and theft like what the Severin side is trying to make it appear as happened. However it would appear that Severin did something stupid.  He signed away all of his voting right to someone who would use them to make his rights basically worthless.  Had he kept his head in the game he could probably have saved himself.  But he didn't. If your average startup started issuing lots of stock and devaluing existing shares significantly then I would expect it would be harder to find investors willing to watch as their investment dwindled.  But if you are issuing a limited amount stock to get leverage to grow bigger then it is worth it.  In the .com bubble there were quite a few companies that just issued stock to buy other companies.  Eventually most of these companies got delisted because they diluted them selves to much when they were overvalued. Any company not just a startup can dilute its shares.  Many if not most major companies issue stock to raise capital.  This capital is then generally used to build the business further and increase the value of all shares.  Most of the time this dilution is very minor (<.1%) and has little if any impact on the stock.  There are rules that have to be followed as listed companies are regulated by the SEC.  There are less regulations with private corporations.  It looks like the dilution was combined with the buyout of the Florida company which probably contributed to the legality of the dilution.     With options they are generally issued at a set price.  This may be higher or lower than the reported sell price of the stock when the option is issued.  The idea is over time the stock will increase in value so that those people who hold on to their options can buy the stock for the price listed on the option.  I worked at an ISP start up in the 90's that made it pretty well.  I left before the options were issued but I had friends still there that were issued an option at $16 a share the value of the stock at the time of the issue of the option was about 12.  Well the company diluted the shares and used them to acquire more ISP's unfortunately this was about the time that DSL And cable internet took off so the dial up market tanked.  The value eventually fell to .10 they did a reverse split and when they did the called in all options.  The options did not have a positive cash value at any time.  Had RMI ever made it big then the options could have been worth millions.  There are some people from MS and Yahoo that were in early that made millions off of their options.  This became a popular way for startups to attract great talent paying peanuts.  They invested their time in the business hoping to strike gold.  A lot of IT people got burned so this is less popular among top talent as the primary compensation anymore.
I disagree. Bankers are scum who should be redeployed to areas of the economy where they can't do any more damage. I accept the downvotes for this horribly unpopular opinion. They are part of a machine that harmed a lot of people. I could care less about their value as a worker.
Never used Lyft.  Only ever had great experiences with Uber.  Almost every driver I get now for Uber has a Lyft sticker as well as Uber.  If I'm honest, I have to say that Uber's 'scandals' have zero effect on my using the app.
"The idea that individuals control the housing prices through supply and demand is HILARIOUS! That's like saying prisoners control the quality of their food.  Somehow blaming banks and real estate agents is going to hurt you and make you a victim? That's not fear mongering at all, clearly everything was so very plainly laid out for every buyer in the entire US that all they had to do was sign a single piece of paper that was written in plain English and of course they were never told anything like ""just a formality"" or ""just paperwork"" and ALL of them were smart enough to read through the work anyway and of course the bank associates were nice enough to reject a loan if they thought the people didn't understand the terms properly and....(etc. etc. etc.)  TL;DR Good job shifting the blame, surely your well reasoned arguments with summarized backings will get people on your side!"
Greetings from kukreja Group Hotels,   We welcome you to our hotels at DELHI, GURGAON, JAIPUR, AGRA, KANPUR, LUCKNOW, HARIDWAR, PUNE and HYDERABAD, upscale hotels that are setting new standards in the hospitality industry in budget accommodation in India. Our full host of amenities welcomes both business and leisure travelers with warm graciousness.
It's not a full credit course but part time comic James Cunningham has speaking tour that promotes personal finance in high schools.
I'm so curious how you think this stuff works.   &gt; whenever you open the uber app that it has your location. You think that just happens magically?  Why don't you go ahead and tell me how you think that gets there, when it starts, and how that entire process is scoped.
Depends on the countries and their rules about moving money across the border,  but in this case that appears entirely reasonable. Of course it would be a gamble unless you can predict the future values of currency better than most folks; there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will move in any particular direction. I have no idea whether any tax is due on profit from currency arbitrage.
Greg Lindberg CEO Wondering whether it is time to start your own business? If so, it’s a sign that it may be the time to pursue that dream, says Greg Lindberg, successful businessman and CEO. If you have an idea or a desire to be your own boss, Greg Lindberg provides five signs that shouldn’t be ignored:
How about this.  Make it mandatory that anyone can ask to use any portion of any invention at a market reasonable price.  In the event that someone believes the price is not market reasonable, then one company can file suit against the other company.  The person filing person will pay for the court case.  This of course would take into account what is reasonable for court costs, etc.  Bam, then we have an end to what really sucks about patents, the inability for others to use that in the future.
While the S&P500 is not a total return index, there is an official total return S&P500 that includes reinvested dividends and which is typically used for benchmarking.  For a long time it was not available for free, but it can currently be found on yahoo finance using the ticker ^SP500TR.
The best way to do this is to pay for the entire car, including gas, insurance, and repairs, from S-corp funds, then meticulously track how many miles are used for personal and how many miles for business. If you pay with S-corp funds, you will claim the personal miles as a taxable benefit from the S-corp on your personal return. The S-corp can then claim all the expenses and depreciation on the vehicle, reducing the S-corp's tax liability.
I totally see your point about not seeing into the future, infrastructure has to take into account so many variables it's often very difficult to plan these things I can see why a major project might take months on end, if not years. I'm okay with (private or public) companies doing the bare minimum and saving a few dollars here and there. That being said obviously all companies should should fall under the same rules or laws, if companies can take huge short cuts that end up harming people there is something really wrong with the regulations and the company is clearly at fault.   I think you have the right idea, I don't see why the government couldn't force private companies to abide by infrastructure plans similar to the ones public companies use or come up with ? do public companies take longer because there is more oversight?
"Two points:    One, yes -- the price of gold has been going up. [gold ETF chart here](http://www.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&amp;chdd=1&amp;chds=1&amp;chdv=1&amp;chvs=maximized&amp;chdeh=0&amp;chfdeh=0&amp;chdet=1349467200000&amp;chddm=495788&amp;chls=IntervalBasedLine&amp;q=NYSEARCA:IAU&amp;ntsp=0&amp;ei=PQhvUMjiAZGQ0QG5pQE)  Two, the US has confiscated gold in the past.  They did it in the 1930s.    Owning antique gold coins is stupid because you're paying for gold + the supply / demand imbalance forced upon that particular coin by the coin collector market.  If you want to have exposure to gold in your portfolio, the cheapest way is through an ETF.  If you want to own physical gold because a) it's shiny or b) you fear impending economic collapse -- you're probably better off with bullion from a reputable dealer.  You can buy it in grams or ounces -- you can also buy it in coins.  Physical gold will generally cost you a little more than the spot price (think 5% - 10%? -- not really sure) but it can vary wildly.  You might even be able to buy it for under the spot price if you find somebody that isn't very bright willing to sell.  Buyer beware though -- there are lots of shady folks in the ""we buy gold"" market."
Cash changes hands when you buy or sell the stock. While you own the stock, you own it, not cash, so there is no cash to go anywhere. You spent your money when you bought. The seller got that money. It's gone. You hope that when you sell the stock, someone will give you more money for it than you spent. But they may give you less. Money doesn't magically appear either way, it comes from the buyer. After selling, you have the money -- however much you sold for -- and no longer have the stock. NOTE that this means the current value of a share of stock is interesting, but not really very relevant, unless you are actively buying or selling. What your portfolio is worth on paper is nothing more than an approximate snapshot at the moment you retrieve the data. It is not a promise of what will actually happen when you do sell.
The basic cop + nurse will make $300K a year in just about any big city.    The cost of housing and insurance is so high, it is BARELY middle class wages.   edit: Looks like large west coast police departments.   Anything east of the rockies pays 1/2 has much....wow.
"&gt;But Facebook, which claims more than 900 million members, had 158 million unique visitors to its site in April, according to researcher ComScore, up just 5% from a year ago. That compares with year-over-year growth rates of 89% in April 2010.  So, about 1 in 6 users (~16%) visited facebook during a particular (recent) month.  The other 5 of 6 (~83%) of users didn't visit during that month...  Hmmm...  Sounds like a lot of relatively dead/fairly inactive accounts/users to me\*.  And the thing is that -- different than other social sites like LinkedIn (which is in a lot of ways an ""online resume"" &amp; business contact database) -- facebook pretty much NEEDS continuous and regular use (that's the premise that their whole model, especially advertising-wise, is built on, if FB reverts to people simply using it to maintain a once or twice a year ""update"" on movements of friends {i.e. it becomes the equivalent of a Xmas card list storage site} then it's potential ""value"" diminishes rather dramatically).  &gt;Also, the social network is testing ways to allow those under 13, currently prohibited, to participate with parental supervision.  Which seems (from a cynical perspective anyway) to be a sign that they are potentially getting ""desperate"" to maintain the purported ""growth"" in number of users. (And in a certain sense, they are doing what all companies with ""saturated"" markets do... a futile attempt to pull future demand into the present; which of course -- to the extent that it succeeds anyway -- really just moves the inevitable ""dropoff"" that much closer.)  ---  \* EDIT: And in addition (not surprisingly) it looks like Pareto principle, which tends to be recursive.. Of the roughly 20% (~16%) ""unique"" visitors during the month, probably the majority of them (roughly 80% of the 16%) engaged in minimal activity, with only some 20% of it (and thus somewhere round 3.2%~4%) of the total user base being truly ""active"", and then again, probably only 20% of *that* (maybe at or under 1%) were of the *hyper*-""active"" users that everyone thinks facebook'ers are."
Someone I know had an idea to open a savings account as an LLC or corporation to receive better interest rates on savings, and set up a system where anyone can pool money in and receive a larger cut through savings interest than with a personal account. Is this legal/feasible in any way?
"Whether or not you make money here depends on whether you are buying or selling the option when you open your position.  You certainly would not make money in the scenario where you are buying options at the open.  If fact you would end up loosing quite a lot of money. You do not specify whether you are buying or selling the options, so let's assume that you are buying both the call and the put.  We'll look a profitable trade at the bottom of my answer. Buying an in-the-money Call option with a strike price of $90 when the underlying asset price is $150 would cost you a small fraction over $6000 = (100 x $60) since the intrinsic value value of the option is $60.  Add to this cost any commission charged by your broker. Buying an out-of-the-money Put option with a strike price of $110 when the underlying asset price is $150 would cost you a ""small"" premium - lets say a premium of something like $0.50.  The option has no intrinsic value, only time value and a volatility value, so the exact cost would depend on the time to expiry and the implied volatility of the underlying asset. Since the strike price is ""well out of the money"", being about 27% below the underlying asset price, the premium would be small.  So, assuming the premium of $0.50, you would pay $50 for the option plus any commission applicable. The cash settlement on expiry, with an underlying settlement price of $100, would be a premium of $10 for each of the two options, so you would receive cash of 100 x ($10 + $10) = $2000, less any commission applicable.  However, you have paid $6000 + $50 to purchase the options, so you realise a net loss of $6050 - $2000 = $4050 plus any commissions applicable. Thus, you would make a profit on the put option, but you would realise a very large loss on the call option. On the other hand, if you open your position by selling the call option and buying the put option, then you would make money. For the sale of the call option you would receive about $6000.  For the purchase of the put option you would pay about $50. On settlement, you would pay $1000 to buy back the call option and you would receive about $1000 when selling the put option. Thus you net profit would be about ($6000 - $1000) for the call position, and ($1000 - $50) for the put position.  The net profit would then total $5950 less an commissions payable."
It is very important to take care of housing roof in certain time interval so as to avoid cracking and leaking in the roof, otherwise it may lead to the harm in future. The material should be taken to the reputed company which is loyal to its client and provide with super fine material which is guaranteed for years. Southmoreroofing will provide you all quality services that are needed for the maintenance of roof Perth.
Your $400/month contributions are still tax deductible in the current tax year. However, each subsequent tax year, you will be required to repay at least 1/15 of the total amount you withdrew. In your example, let's say you used $25,000 for the home buyer's plan in the 2015 tax year. Throughout 2015, you contribute $400/month toward your RRSP. For the 2015 tax year, you are able to claim $4800 in RRSP contributions. For the 2016 tax year, you continue to contribute $400/month toward your RRSP. However, you are only able to claim $3133.33 in RRSP contributions, and must put at least $1666.67 toward repayment of your HBP. This will continue until you have entirely repaid the HBP. You are free to repay it early. This CRA page has the details.
"There is not a special rate for short-term capital gains.  Only long-term gains have a special rate.  Short-term gains are taxed at your ordinary-income rate (see here).  Hence if you're in the 25% bracket, your short-term gain would be taxed at 25%.  The IRA withdrawal, as you already mentioned, would be taxed at 25%, plus a 10% penalty, for 35% total.  Thus the bite on the IRA withdrawal is larger than that on a non-IRA withdrawal. As for the estimated tax issue, I don't think there will be a significant difference there.  The reason is that (traditional) IRA withdrawals count as ordinary taxable income (see here).  This means that, when you withdraw the funds from your IRA, you will increase your income.  If that increase pushes you too far beyond what your withholding is accounting for, then you owe estimated tax.  In other words, whether you get the money by selling stocks in a taxable account or by withdrawing them from an IRA, you still increase your taxable income, and thus potentially expose yourself to the estimated tax obligation. (In fact, there may be a difference.  As you note, you will pay tax at the capital gains rate on gains from selling in a taxable account.  But if you sell the stocks inside the IRA and withdraw, that is ordinary income.  However, since ordinary income is taxed at a higher rate than long-term capital gains, you will potentially pay more tax on the IRA withdrawal, since it will be taxed at the higher rate, if your gains are long-term rather than short term.  This is doubly true if you withdraw early, incurring the extra 10% penalty.  See this question for some more discussion of this issue.) In addition, I think you may be somewhat misunderstanding the nature of estimated tax.  The IRS will not ""ask"" you for a quarterly estimated tax when you sell stock.  The IRS does not monitor your activity and send you a bill each quarter.  They may indeed check whether your reported income jibes with info they received from your bank, etc., but they'll still do that regardless of whether you got that income by selling in a taxable account or withdrawing money from an IRA, because both of those increase your taxable income. Quarterly estimated tax is not an extra tax; it is just you paying your normal income tax over the course of the year instead of all at once.  If your withholdings will not cover enough of your tax liability, you must figure that out yourself and pay the estimated tax (see here); if you don't do so, you may be assessed a penalty.  It doesn't matter how you got the money; if your taxable income is too high relative to your withheld tax, then you have to pay the estimated tax.  Typically tax will be withheld from your IRA distribution, but if it's not withheld, you'll still owe it as estimated tax."
I would make this a comment, but I am not worthy...... You will need to define your objectives before you can do anything. What is the money for?  What is your risk tolerance?  Where do you live?  Capital appreciation?  Preservation?  Can you eat if your savings are cut in half?  How much are you currently making?  How much are you currently saving?  What do you already have exposure to?  How secure is your job?  What is the makeup of the congregation?  Do you have any tax-related surprises?  Do you own your home?  Have you previously consulted with a financial planner? There are many many factors obviously.  More than I think most people want to give out over the internet, but they are all important to making a decision.  Get a recommendation from someone you know for a financial planner.  Ask upfront what their background is.  Education, experience credentials.  You want a certified financial planner or analyst.  Ask how their fees are structured and what their approach is like, and make sure they're speaking intelligibly.  Feel free to shop around until you find someone you like.
Business Insider is an unabashedly anti-Israel website that manufactures political stories where there isn't one. Case-in-point: this article calls the Golan Heights a controversial occupied territory despite the fact that it has been part of the state of Israel for over thirty years. Isn't it at all plausible that this is purely a business decision?
Salaries in India are generally paid of the month. If you have joined mid-month like you mention on 6th Jan. The first salary will be for part month. In your case it would be (15000/31) Multiply by 27 Days. Rs 13065. You should get a salary slip that would give more details.
"Let me just add that while you don't need to write the date received on the back of the check, you could. Why? Let's say someone was late in paying you and you wanted to document the fact that they were late. I've had late-paying customers send me a check dated on the due date but really they just pre-dated the check and sent it 60 days past-due. So let's say I want to establish and document the pattern in case it becomes a future legal issue. When you deposit or cash a check, an image of the front and back is made and the person or company who issued the check will have those images stored as part of their transaction history. (It used to be that the original, physical, cancelled check was returned to the payer, but that was another era.) So write the date received on the back next to the endorsement, endorse the check, and take a photo of the front and back (along with the postmark on the envelope) to document that they are a late payer. This way, if it ever becomes a ""he said she said"" issue you can easily show they have a history of paying late. If the payer looks at their check images they'll see your received date note next to the endorsement. Granted, this is a lot of trouble for a unique situation. In 20+ years of running a business I've actually had the foresight to do this a handful of times with habitual offenders, and in (only) one case did it come in handy later on. But boy was I glad to have those photos when I needed them."
Obvious answer but the limit order should be set at the price that you are willing to pay :). More usefully, if you want a decent chance of the order filling in short notice you should place the order one price tick above the current highest buyer (bid price). As long as high frequency trading remains alive I would advise against ever using market orders, these algorithmic trades can occasionally severely distort the price of a security in a fraction of a second. So if your market order happens to fill in during such a distortion you might end up massively overpaying/underselling.
Thanks for the response, the good thing is I can easily answer those questions without problem and I have a solid answer for all of them so I think my next goal is to write out my business plan. I heard it should around 30-50 pages.
"The financial services industry, and specifically retail banking, has not always been on the bleeding edge of technological innovation.  It usually isn't, and that can be a good thing insofar as avoiding disasters, but your general sentiment is shared by many people.  Google ""payment startups"". Despite all this, the current system works well.  Software had become adept at identifying and mitigating transactions that appear fraudulent, and even if an account is wiped clean, the account holder is not responsible for the missing funds, the bank is.  If there is ever an epidemic, banks will drive the change to a different system, not consumers. Specific to your proposal, the deposit only account seems to violate all three trust-related issues you bring up. Additionally, linking a bank account can fulfill some know your customer (KYC) requirements, which help reduce fraud and may be required by law.  It gives organizations, especially financial services ones like PayPal, a more tangible link to your actual person."
You have to look at the market conditions and make decisions based on them. Ideally, you may want to have 30% of your portfolio in bonds. But from a practical point of view, it's probably not so smart to invest in bond funds right at this moment given the interest rate market. Styles of funds tend to go into and out of style. I personally do asset allocation two ways in my 457 plan (like a 401k for government workers): In my IRA, I invest in a portfolio of 5-6 stocks. The approach you take is dependent on what you are able to put into it. I invest about 10 hours a week into investment related research. If you can't do that, you want a strategy that is simpler -- but you still need to be cognizant of market conditions.
"I agree with you, but both are bad. What happens with fractional reserve banking is inflation, but this inflation isn't distributed evenly across all the markets, those who the banks lend to are who see the inflation first I.e. the Dow. But nobody gets a loan to buy commodities, so these lag in the inflation. When a recession hits the banks slow their loaning while the commodities play catch-up. During this period it makes more sense to ""invest"" in commodities than in the majority of businesses. So in an effort to make capital ""available"" you've created an entire community of investors investing in an unproductive sector for just as long as you had them hyper-investing in productive sectors. Net zero gain, with a decade of time lost.  I wont ever believe we need frac reserve lending to have a bank, especially when the bank collapses the currency every 30-50 years. If someone's to loan money they should do it with their own money, with approval, or somehow prevent 2-3-10 people from racing to the same reserve."
"Usually there are annual or semi-annual reports for a mutual fund that may give an idea for when a fund will have ""distributions"" which can cause the NAV to fall as this is when the fund passes the taxable liabilities to shareholders in the form of a dividend. Alternatively, the prospectus of the fund may also have the data on the recent distribution history that is likely what you want. If you don't understand why a fund would have a distribution, I highly suggest researching the legal structure of an open-end mutual fund where there more than a few rules about how taxes are handled for this case."
I'm happy you brought this up.   1. Deficits have proven to be far higher during Republican administrations (Reagan/BushI tripled it, Bush II doubled it, etc.).   2. The deficit has been large under Obama, but most of this has been [proven](http://crooksandliars.com/jon-perr/republican-debt-orgy-pictures) to be a result of policies enacted by Bush and the Great Recession.    3. The deficit has shrunk from over $1.6t to a projected $500b during Obama's tenure.
GPS can be a money saver to add as an aftermarket item as opposed to getting an integrated version with your stereo.  Typically, updates for the aftermarket stand-alone GPS units are cheaper as well.
How is the government paid for these things? How is this handled without taxes? Are you suggesting that the people pay for all of this because they supposedly derive all the benefit while the businesses supposedly derive none from infrastructure.  Yes public roads may not be restricted by entities except in safety measures and compliance with DOT regulations. It is illegal for company A to blockade or otherwise make unavailable a public road to keep company B or the general public from using it.   These type of rules also apply to communication lines and power infrastructure and are designed to decrease duplication and ensure that selected infrastructure is appropriate for the area.
Maybe I'm cynical but I always figured welfare was societal insurance against pickpockets, hold-ups, break-ins, and in a worst case scenario, outright riots.  If you explain it to these bozos that way sometimes they get it.  Or they start going on about increased police presence without understanding they're just paying more taxes in another form.  Sometimes the money people need to be economics people.  There are plenty of things with a monetary value that they don't seem to grasp until the shit hits the fan.  //I don't study economics myself but come on -- it doesn't take a genius to realize that EVERYTHING has a cost, regardless of whether you can understand it.
I just did a long spill about why and how that came about. Not enough detail but it makes the main points.  http://www.reddit.com/r/progressive/comments/2cqlg3/out_of_touch_gop_rapidly_seals_fate_with_majority/cjid7am?context=3  It's only been within my lifetime that the definition of capitalism has become cronyism. It didn't used to be that way. Yeah, I agree, that's a really really bad development :(
For someone who has only used an iPhone for many years, what are the things that you like best about the s4 or s5 that the iPhone can't do? I am genuinely curious, as I hadn't considered not getting the new iPhone when it comes out. Thanks!
You are permitted to withdraw the deposits from the Roth with no tax or penalty any time.  To Dilip's point, the Roth is a good place to keep the investment, and what you might consider is a 'self-directed' account. This type of IRA or Roth IRA permits a choice of investments that are not typically handled by banks or brokers, including Real Estate and the type of Angel investing you seem to be considering.  Note - the rules are tough, you need to be very careful to not be self-dealing, or dealing with certain related parties.
SEO or Search engine optimization is the process of trying to increase quality Traffic to the website (your) Search Enigne variety of different ways. Usually websites appear on the first Search Engine in common than is often click the website below. Or Next Typically, the goal of SEO is in many places such as Image Search, Video Search, but we spent most of Web Search.
"The full holdings will be listed in the annual report of the fund, obviously the holdings would only be completely accurate as of the date of the reporting. This is the most recent annual report for FMAGX.  I got it from my Schwab research section under ""All Fund Documents"" but I'm sure you can find it other ways.  When I use google to search for ""fmagx annual report"" this link was the first result."
You would have to find someone in the other state who wanted to swap.  This is conceivable but difficult if you want the houses to be the same value.  How do you find the one person who lives in the right place now and wants to move to the right area?   The normal way this situation is handled is to simply put your house on the market.  At the same time, you find a new house in the new location.  You arrange for a new mortgage for the new house and make purchase contingent on selling the old house.  Your buyer pays off your mortgage and gives you a bit left over that you use as a downpayment on the new house.   Note that you take a loss on closing costs when you do this.  This is why if you are in the position where you move frequently, you may be better off renting.   Sometimes an employer will help with this, paying for a long term hotel or short term rental.  This can give you more room to sell and buy the houses.   If you have to move right now, immediately, not in a few months when your housing situation is fixed, consider double renting.  You rent out your mortgaged house to someone and pay rent on a new place.  You may put some of your stuff in storage until you get into your permanent place.   The downside is that it can be harder to sell a house with a tenant until you are close to the end of the lease.  And of course, you are probably not in the best position to get or pay good rent.  Your situation restricts your options.  You might get stuck in this situation for a year so as to get the time that you need to line up a buyer.   Of course, you may get lucky and find someone who wants your old house as an investment property.  Such a person won't be bothered by a tenant.  But they usually want a good price.  After all, they want to make money off it.   There are those operations that advertise that they buy ugly houses.  They want a good deal.  You'll probably take a bath.  But they can buy quickly, so you can move on quickly.  No waiting until they find a buyer.   And I'm not saying that you can't do a swap like you want.  I'm just saying that you may find it difficult to find a swapping partner.  Perhaps an investment person would be up for it.  They take your house in trade for their house, letting you stay in their house until they can fix up your old house and either rent it or sell it.  The problem is that it may be hard to find such an investor who can handle a house where you are and has a house where you need to be.   I don't have a good suggestion for finding a swapping partner other than calling a lot of realtors and asking for suggestions.  Maybe a bit of online checking for properties where the owner's business is managing the sale.
Bank and most Credit Union deposit accounts (including CDs) are guaranteed by the Federal government by the FDIC and NCUA, respectively.  Some state-chartered credit unions use private insurance, you'll want to be careful about storing lots of money in those institutions.
I'm confused why you think you need a $450k house. That seems extremely high in today's market except perhaps in certain major urban locations. If you're going to live in suburbia or a smaller town/city, you should be able to find a nice 3br house for well under $300k. Before you rule out buying a house, I'd spend some time researching the real estate listings in your area, foreclosures, properties owned by bankruptcy court, etc. - you might be surprised to find a great home for as low as $150-200k. Of course if you live in a place where what I'm saying is completely off-base, please disregard my answer.
"&gt;They lie right to your face. ""Borrow tens of thousands of dollars to give to us, it will totally work out...for us.""  I don't believe they verbalize those last two words. They pretty much end it with a period after the ""work out"" part.  And then of course, they produce that BS statistic that college grads make a ""million dollars more over their career"".  I mean really?  Which grads are those? You mean the ones who graduated circa 45-50 (or more) years ago (when very few people had college degrees)?    And in exactly what inflation-adjusted time-frame was that ""million dollars""?  Was it 1960 dollars? 1980 dollars? 2000 dollars?  Because a million bucks, while still not pocket change even in 2012, was worth a LOT more the further you go back."
I tend to agree with Rocky's answer.  However it sounds like you want to look at this from the numbers side of things.  So let's consider some numbers: I'm assuming you have the money to buy the new car available as cash in hand, and that if you don't buy the car, you'll invest it reasonably.  So if you buy the new car today, you're $17K out of pocket.  Let's look at some scenarios and compare.  Assuming: If you buy the new car today, then after 1 year you'll have: If you keep the old car, after 1 year you get: After 2 years, you have: And after 3 years, you're at: Or in other words, nothing depletes the value of your assets faster than buying the new car. After 1 year, you've essentially lost $5K to depreciation.    However, over the short term the immediate cost of the tires combined with the continued depreciation of the old car do reduce your purchasing power somewhat (you won't be able to muster $25K towards a new car without chipping in a bit of extra cash), and inflation will tend to drive the cost of the new car up as time goes on.  So the relative gap between the value of your assets and the cost of the new car tends to increase, though it stays well below the $5k that you lose to depreciation if you buy the new car immediately.  Which is something that you could potentially spin to support whichever side you prefer, I suppose. Though note that I've made some fairly pessimistic assumptions.  In particular, the current U.S. inflation rate is under 1%, and a new car may depreciate by as much as 25% in the first year while older cars may depreciate by less than the 8% assumed.  And I selected the cheapest new car price cited, and didn't credit the tires with adding any value to your old car.  Each of those aspects tends to make continuing to drive the older car a better option than buying the new one.
And if you need to pay business taxes outside of the regular US 1040 form, you can use the IRS' Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS). Basically, you enroll your bank accounts, and you can make estimated, penalty, etc. payments. The site can be found here.
I think that's actually by design.. I mean, of course it's by design, but I think they're deliberately trying to look like 'normal' cars.  I imagine the first thing people think when they see a flashy car is 'expensive'.  Also, at the moment they're probably trying to appeal to sensible people who are looking at what the car offers practically - the sort of person that would buy a Kia.  In the future though, I'm sure Tesla will really start producing some interesting looking cars - their different structure could afford them options not easily available to normal car manufacturers.
So you don't believe in any workers' rights? Are you joking?  You don't believe in a minimum wage, limited work hours, health and safety, paid holidays, maternity/paternity leave, or non-discriminatory equal employment? You're ok with child labour?  Once you strip away those laws you get a complete race to the bottom and an awful society that is essentially feudal.
The purchase of a running company gives entrepreneurs an alternative to establish themselves other than creating from scratch of their company. On the other hand, already established entrepreneurs can acquire a company to grow, generating economies of scale that improve their productivity. The Plan to Support the Transmission of buy a business arises from the collaboration between the Ministry of Economy, Industry and Competitiveness, through the General Directorate of Industry and Small and Medium Enterprise. The main objective of the Plan is to ensure the continuity of viable companies in danger of disappearing due to problems other than economic ones, for example lack of generational change or change of professional orientation. In this way, the loss of economic capital and jobs is avoided.
"There are no ""rules"" about how the price should act after an IPO, so there are no guarantee that a ""pop"" would appear at the opening day. But when an IPO is done, it's typically underpriced. On average, the shares are 10% up at the end of the first day after the IPO (I don't have the source that, I just remember that from some finance course). Also, after the IPO, the underwriter can be asked to support the trading of the share for a certain period of time. That is the so called stabilizing agent. They have few obligations like: This price support in often done by a repurchase of some of the shares of poorly performing IPO. EDIT: Informations about the overallotment pool. When the IPO is done, a certain number of client buy the shares issued by the company. The underwriter, with the clients, can decide to create an overallotment pool, where the clients would get a little more shares (hence ""overallotment""), but this time the shares are not issued by the company but by the underwriter. To put it another way, the underwriter oversell and becomes short by a certain number of shares (limited to 15% of the IPO). In exchange for the risk taken by this overallotment, the underwriter gets a greenshoe option from the clients, that will allows the underwriter to buy back the oversold shares, at the price of the IPO, from the clients. The idea behind this option is to avoid a market exposure for the underwriter. So, after the IPO: If the price goes down, the underwriter buys back on the market the overshorted shares and makes a profits. If the price goes up, the company exercise the greenshoe option buy the shares at the IPO prices (throught the overallotment pool, that is, the additional shares that the clients wanted ) to avoid suffering a loss."
"Just because ""many"" stocks have net losses doesn't prove the point. As this article describes, Morgan Stanley and Goldman are real businesses with billions in tangible assets. Their businesses are profit machines that create billions in value every quarter. Bitcoin has none of those things. That's why people say it's backed by emotions"
This new roof should go on the 2016 LLC business return, but you probably won't be able to expense the entire roof as a repair.  A new roof is most likely a capital improvement, which means that it would need to be depreciated over many years instead of expensed all in 2016.  The depreciation period for a residential rental property is 27.5 years.  Please consider seeking a CPA or Enrolled Agent for the preparation of your LLC business return. See also: IRS Tangible Property Regulations FAQ list When you made the loan to the LLC (by paying the contractor and making a contract with the LLC), did you state an interest rate?  If not, you and your brother should correct the contract so that an interest rate is stated, then follow it.  The LLC needs to pay you interest until the loan is paid off.  You need to report the interest income on your personal return, and the LLC needs to report the interest expense in its business return.
"The existing answers are good, I justed wanted to provide a simpler answer to your question: Would I be able to invest this in a reasonable way that it would provide me with say $200 spending money per month over the school year? No. There is no way to invest $10,000 to reliably get $200 every month.  Any way that you invest it that has even the possibility of getting that much will have a significant possibility of losing a lot of money.  If you want to get ""free"" spending money out without risk of losing money, you're unlikely to be able to find an investment that will give you more than a couple dollars per month."
Most jobs pay for cfa.   Not so many for MBA.  Even MBA the biggest criteria is quality of work experience and GMAT.   I'd advise to focus now on what you want as a career and really try and get an internship in that field while in undergrad.  Rest will fall into place.   Cfa and top15 MBA grad so been through both paths
Don't waste your time threatening legal action or screwing around with certified mail. If they're contacting your employer to garnish your wages they probably already have a summary judgment against you for failing to appear at a court date you didn't know about.  Your employer might have had your back but these guys will continue to try to locate your assets and attempt garnishment until someone does accept their claim and hands over your bank account.  Contact a bankruptcy attorney immediately (they are most experienced with dealing with debt collectors and related issues). Consultations are generally free.
LLC in NJ. You are awesome my friend. I have the LLC started. Im just getting the low voltage waiver and deciding on the payment system but this seems to work. I can just simply print them out the invoice. I gotta check with Amazon but this was extremely helpful.
"I think the last sentence sums up what needs to be done: ""The answer is a rebooted capitalism for a new economic era, using the power of the state where it is necessary to fix market failures and to break up vested interests, but also recognising the unique power of entrepreneurs to produce abundance out of scarcity and dynamism out of stagnation.""  Capitalism is far from dead and is still by far the best economic policy available, it's just changing a bit specifically on a few minor points."
"With all due respect to economics everywhere and the armchair economist. I think they overlook one very basic fact. The alternative to buying popcorn  at the cinema is buying it cheaper at the store, or making your own and bringing it to the cinema. Cinemagoing is something you tend to do with a date (and sometimes your friends) and who wants to look cheap to their date (and perhaps their spouse/friends) bringing popcorn to the cinema?  This ""cheapo-gentlemens"" effect together with convenience is probably the reason why popcorn can remain so expensive at cinemas."
There's nothing I'd want to eat at McDonald's in the past few years. In my experience they are bottom-of-the-barrel as far as taste, quality and service. Their best marketing strategy is to try to convince small children that their food tastes good by giving away toys.
&gt;     If Comcast wants my steaming business offer a better service than Netflix. &gt;  &gt;  &gt;  &gt; Sure. In the meantime, I don't see why Comcast must allow Netflix to use its fixed infrastructure.  So if the power company decides they're losing customers because of associating with Comcast and a quick cost/benefit analysis says they should stop providing power to Comcast then that's okay?  Comcast now has to close their doors and their company is done for because no power company in the world will provide for them because they don't want the bad PR.  It's okay to hold an entire company hostage because, it's just business?   Then of course you might say, well switch power providers! Tough luck Comcast PECO is your only option. You could use this small solar farm that gives you some power and not nearly enough to sustain your current business but you have another choice so it's not a monopoly!
It would make their garbage look better as compared to other sovereigns, they will re-bundle the toxic assets it into some crap alphabets and try to make them look as good as Treasuries and sell them. Hence the synchronous downgrades of China, Hongkong, Britain
Yeah Best Buy is a complete joke. Electronics are one of the things I usually plan out and buy online anyway (they're generally expensive, so saving 5% can be a lot), so when the one thing I always immediately need breaks - a phone charger - guess who always has none in stock, or hardly any selection?   Electronics are generally low margin and Best Buy was basically built on the notion that most consumers are ignorant, particularly about tech, and what fair prices are. A 6' HDMI should not be over $10. A usb cable charger shouldnt be more than $10. Now that everyone can price check instantly on their phone, they're fucked. Good riddance IMO, perhaps it will allow some smaller, local electronics stores to thrive.
Once you own no shares for 31 days, it's game over. Even though the accounting has wash sales to consider, in the end, gains and losses all cancel to one net position of break even, gain or loss.  It's when there are shares remaining at the end of a period of time that the wash sale rules really impact the numbers.
"That is called ""substitution of collateral."" And yes, it can be done, but only with consent of the lender. The ""best case"" for this kind of maneuver is if the second house is larger and more valuable than the first. Another possibility is that you have two mortgages on the first house and none on the second, and you want to move the second mortgage on the first house to the second one, effectively making it a ""first"" mortgage. In these instances, the lender has a clear incentive to allow a substitution of collateral, because the second one is actually better than the first one. The potential problem in your case, is if the second house were more expensive than the first house, you could not use the sale proceeds of the first house as to buy the second house without borrowing additional money. In that case, a possible solution would be to go back to the lender on your first house for a larger mortgage, with the proceeds of that mortgage being used to retire the earlier mortgage. Depending on your credit, payment record, etc. they might be willing to do this."
"Proof of interference please. No ""that guy/those guys said it happened"".   But an expert or authority saying: ""we have concrete proof,and *this is it*"", i.e a claim of proof backed up immediately by exposing and explaining said concrete proof.  Actual proof. Not inductive reasoning.  I'm asking because I stopped following the issue for a time, and *I want genuine proof*. I am not american, I have no stake in the issue and ***I am not saying there wasn't interference***, I just want solid proof, of which I haven't been sent any so far.  Only insults and aggression for daring to be tough to convince. That doesn't bode well for their arguments, btw."
"It's required by law.  12 USC 1759 (b) requires that membership in a credit union be limited to one or more groups with a ""common bond"", or to people within a particular geographic area. For lots more gory details on how this is interpreted and enforced, you can read the manual given to credit unions by the National Credit Union Administration, which is their regulatory agency."
If you think we're moving from cable tv to internet tv, you could try things like Comcast (CMCSA) or Time Warner Cable (TWC). You'll have to pay their dividends, however.   Also note that they have the potential to cost-shift by charging more for your internet. In fact the whole industry can do some cost-shifting in such a shift, and probably would try. I doubt it would work because there's a lot of potential for cost-cutting in the salaries they pay these people - media stars and executives are going to take a pretty steep price hike when the monopolistic cable distribution system finally breaks down.
"John's answer is similar to what I was thinking. You should invest in insurance ""because there's an insurance salesman who needs to pay to send his kid to college."" I will never be a fan of any type of permanent insurance, and I think it wrong to sell a single person with no dependents such a policy. I've used the expression ""Variable Annuities are sold, not bought."" I feel the same about these insurance policies.  The best advice I can offer in a short reply is this: If you need life insurance, buy term. Save as much as you can, 10% minimum, more if you are able. A young person should be saving for retirement and to position them self to buy their first house, if that's what they wish. What good is a full up Whole Life policy when you need to raise $40K to put down on a house? Sorry to sound like I'm lecturing, this is one of my hot points."
"If you business is incorporated, it's up to the two of you how to do it. Typically, you will have the company write cheques (or make transfers, whatever) to each of the humans: If you want to say that each of you gets a salary of 80% of the revenue you bring in, and then tweak things with bonuses, you can. If one of you is contributing more to marketing and awareness and less to revenue, then you may prefer to pay you each the same even though the revenue you bring are different. It's up to you - it's quite literally your business. When you're not incorporated, then for tax purposes you split the income and the expenses according to your ownership share. If that doesn't seem fair to you, then a partnership is probably not as useful to you as being incorporated. In general, it's better to be incorporated once you're past any initial phase in which the business is losing money for tax purposes (acquiring depreciable assets) and the partners have taxable income from elsewhere (day jobs, or at least income from the earlier part of the year before starting the business.) I would recommend that the ""partnership"" phase of the business be very short. Get incorporated and get a shareholder agreement."
I know, I also didn't do it justice. The guy came up with an attitude to start something. Like he was going to show us.   I'm not the one to flip out on service people. I also have worked my entire career over 20 years in the service industry. So I know what it's like to get shit on as a service person. I just have little tolerance for uncalled for hostility.
I feel you. There are some good companies out there, but they all seem really expensive. I am 30% cash right now, stockpiling some dry powder for the next crash. But if everyone is doing what I am doing, well, there may not be a next crash.
That is a loaded question but I'll give it a shot.  First things first you need to determine if you are ready to invest in stocks.  If you have a lot of high interest debt you would be much better served paying that off before investing in stocks.  Stocks return around 8%-10% in the long run, so you'd be better off paying off any debt you have that is higher than 8%-10%. Most people get their start investing in stocks through mutual funds in their 401k or a Roth IRA.  If you want to invest in individual stocks instead of mutual funds then you will need to do a lot of reading and learning. You will need a brokerage account or if you have a stock in mind they might have a dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) that you could invest in directly with the company. You will have to compare the different brokerage firms to determine which is best for you.  Since you seem to be internet savvy, I suggest you use a discount brokerage that let's you buy stocks online with cheaper commissions.  A good rule of thumb is to keep commissions below 1% of the amount invested. Once you have your online brokerage account open with money in there the process of actually buying the stock is fairly straightforward.  Just place an order for the amount of shares you want.  That order can be a market order which means the purchase will occur at the current market price.  Or you can use a limit order where you control at what price your purchase will occur. There are lots of good books out there for beginners.  Personally I learned from the Motley Fool. And last but not least is to have fun with it.  Learn as much as you can and welcome to the club.
"A hundred different Indian sweatshops low bidding everyone. I would be surprised if any of those projects are ever successful or under budget, but the amateur clients don't seem to care, they just want ""the next Facebook"" built for $100."
There is a large market where notes/bills/bonds are traded, so yes you can sell them later.  However, if interest rates go up, the value of any bond that you want to sell goes down, because you now have to compete with what someone can get on a new issue, so you need to 'discount' the principal value of your bond in order for someone to want to buy it instead of a new bond that has a higher interest rate. The reverse applies if interest rates fall (although it's hard to get much lower than they are now).  So someone wanting to make money in bonds due to interest rate changes, generally wants to buy at higher interest rates, and then sell their bonds after rates have gone down.  See my answer in this question for more detail Why does interest rate go up when bond price goes down? To answer 'is that good' the answer depends on perspective:
"They have trillions in assets and hundreds of billions of equity and nearly 100 billion in yearly operating revenue.  These are not ""pay up now, in full"" either. As with all other fines, there is a ""payment plan"" option.   50B is nothing to sneeze at, but it's a storm BoA can easily weather."
"&gt; H1B's have a skillset that the locals do not.   Like ""working for 20% less than market rate""  I've seen H-1Bs hired for a LOT of jobs that could easily be filled locally. The problem is that since the local folks have put in the time and effort to build their skillset and gain expertise, they have higher salary expectations than management wants to pay.   H-1Bs were designed for very niche or specialized or advanced expertise, not ""Journeyman level web designer who knows Angular.js"""
The mesmerizing aroma that we witness while cooking is truly a joy, but when we look at these elements separately and the harm they can cause, it is seriously a concern. Some of these cooking by-products can be destructive. Steam, for instance, will condense on windows and inside exterior walls, leading to rot.
"&gt;I've found most of my personal success looking for work by way of the burgeoning technical recruiter industry - they know a bit more than an HR 'bot', either mechanical or human (haha), about the reality of technical requirements for a job and are able to find you if you just know where to place yourself.  Yes, that is another way ""around"" the HR bot-ery.  But it tends to be expensive (granted the ""company"" doing the hiring does the paying, but I can guarantee you that the cost inevitably comes OUT of the possible salary/benefits of the hiree).  &gt;Getting solicited for a job by way of your LinkedIn profile is a much easier way of finding work than the futile carpet-bombing of large corporate HR machines, no doubt.  Yes, alas... that seems to be about the only way that most people (including ironically enough college grads with HR &amp; MBA degrees) seem to think about jobs: the ""carpet bombing"" of HR departments combined with the continual scanning of ""jobs"" listings.  I want to weep every time some college grad tells me they were ""taught"" to use Monster.com (et al) as a *primary* means of obtaining a position.  I mean seriously, USE those research and networking skills that you claim to have to FIND a company that you WANT to work for, and then find a way to get a position in that company.  It is an ACTIVE thing, not a ""passive"" one.  People who do that tend to actually GET (one of the) jobs they want, rather than being ""stuck"" in something where... well, they were the first ones to make an offer..."
I think any job choice depends on the person.    If you're only willing to do 40 a week, you're not able to assign yourself tasks and complete them, aren't able to stick with a budget, can't talk to people, etc, not the kind of person who would do well as an entrepreneur.
"All of this was commonly discussed back then, it was in no way his singular vision.  And most aren't even really realized as he describes them.  ""Private websites"" for families are not common at all.  His idea of advertisement links in television aren't just handles of their twitter, he meant real links.  Online discussion boards centered on location or not (two items really?) were already well happening by then.  What a fluff article."
If you are looking to buy a tri axle trailer then there are a few things that you must keep in mind when looking for the right products. These include increased capacity, better performance results and most importantly finding a reliable company to buy from.
"Well, really, we decided that we wanted a basic level of care, but ONLY if you're REALLY poor or old.  If you're working an okay job, then your employer must give you healthcare, unless they're too small, or really don't want to and make you work a few less hours so you get two part-time jobs.  The role of government in the markets is to manipulate incentives towards ""good""(e.g. employing people) activities and away from ""bad""(e.g. polluting) activities.  You really can't get that mad at companies for leveraging those incentives.  I've got a puppy right now.  If she misbehaves, it doesn't help me to punish her other than to make me feel better.  What fixes things, is to change my behavior so that she is rewarded for doing what I think is ""good""(e.g. chewing her toy) not what I think is ""bad""(chewing my shoes).  Sure, we can say, ""Bad Wal-Mart! Bad Company!"" but that's not going to do anything except make us feel better."
Mentor For Business is a concept which has the potential to turn any business around and put it on the road to greater profitability. Offering you a tested range of growth-focused services professionally packaged by Pedram Mirza, Mentor For Business is like having a business partner totally committed to helping your business achieve more with existing resources.
"FSEMX has an annual expense ratio of 0.1% which is very low. What that means is that each month, the FSEMX will pay itself one-twelfth of 0.1% of  the total value of all the shares owned by the shareholders in the mutual fund.  If the fund has cash on hand from its trading activities or dividends collected from companies  whose stock is owned by FSEMX or interest on bonds owned by FSEMX, the  money comes out of that, but if there is no such pot (or the pot is not large enough), then the fund manager has the authority to sell some shares of the stocks held by FSEMX so that the employees can be paid, etc. If the total of cash generated by the trading and the dividend collection in a given year is (say) 3% of the share value of all the outstanding mutual fund,  then only 2.9% will be paid out as dividend and capital gain distribution  income to the share holders, the remaining 0.1% already having been paid to FSEMX management for operating expenses.   It is important to keep in mind that expenses are always paid even if there are no profits, or even if there are losses that year so that no dividends or capital gains distributions are made.  You don't see the expenses explicitly on any statement that you receive.  If FSEMX sells shares of stocks that it holds to pay the expenses, this reduces  the share value (NAV) of the mutual fund shares that you hold.  So, if your mutual fund account ""lost"" 20% in value that year because the market was falling, and you got no dividend or capital gains distributions either, remember that only 19.9% of that loss can be blamed on the President or Congress or Wall Street or public-sector unions or your neighbor's refusal to ditch his old PC in favor of a new Mac, and the rest (0.1%) has gone to FSEMX to pay for fees you agreed to when you bought FSEMX shares. If you invest directly in FSEMX through Fidelity's web site, there is no sales charge, and you pay no expenses other than the 0.1% annual expense ratio.  There is a fee for selling FSEMX shares after owning them only for a short time since  the fund wants to discourage short-term investors. Whatever other fees finance.yahoo.com lists might be descriptive of the uses that FSEMX puts its expense ratio income to in its internal management, but are not of any importance to the prudent investor in FSEMX who will never encounter them or have to pay them."
The core idea behind this statement is that there is always money for what you prioritize. If you try to use whatever is left over after your bills for savings, you probably won't save very much if anything. In practice, you decide on a fixed amount of money you will save out of each paycheck and put that aside in an investment or savings account, then pay your bills out of what is left.  Essentially it is a way to counteract the tendency of your lifestyle rising to exactly meet your income and leaving nothing for savings.
Are you looking for that place, from where you can buy the online fresh flowers at the lowest price. Rustic Posy flowers fulfil the customer’s requirements. You should  find our best flower bouquets which is very attractive design in every flower gifts, and plants. Browse our best sellers or search for something different from Rustic Posy's extensive collection. Here, you can believe in every deal. We deliver the order at the door. So many our customers are very satisfied, because they get the order of the fresh flowers at the home without hesitation. If you want to save the time and money, then you have reached the right place. We have a good professional florist team that always design the unique and attractive flower gifts.
"Loan officer here. Yes. You pay the per diem. I'd recommend not paying it off for like 6 months. You can pay it down to basically nothing and then hold it for six months and pay it off. Better for credit. If it's a simple interest rate, most car loans are, multiply the current principal balance by the interest rate and divide it by 365. That's the per diem or daily interest. For example, ""10,000 dollar auto loan at 3%. 10000*0.03= 300. 300/365= 0.82. So each day the balance is 10k the loan cost 82 cents. So in a month, your first payment is 100 dollars, 24.65 goes to interest 75.35 goes to principal. Then the new principal is 9924.65. So the next month, another 30 days with the new per diem of 0.815, the 100 payment is 75.50 in principal 24.50 in interest and so on."
http://memecrunch.com/meme/28J85/good-luck-with-that/image.jpg  Still won't be enough of a discount. Walmart is number 1 for groceries in America with 25% of the lions share - and Millenials prefer Walmart over any other retailer.   Just wait in 2 qtrs, you will see Amazon rush to lower prices even more in order to turn a profit...
"First, your employee needs to work out his contribution limit for the year. Because he was eligible for a few months, his limit will be prorated. See this post for details on how to calculate the prorated limit.  Once he determines his contribution limit, you'll know how much needs to be taken out. You (or he) can do an excess contribution withdrawal to remove the extra contribution without penalty. See this post for more details. If he has already spent some or all of the extra contribution, talk to the HSA custodian. They may be able to reclassify some of his distributions as excess contribution withdrawals. You won't get the money back, but it will avoid the penalty. Your employee would then need to add the extra as ""other income"" on his tax return so he can pay tax on it.  You have until April 15 to remove the excess HSA contributions. If you are unable to do it by then, the penalty to your employee is 6% (Source: Pub 969) on the excess that is not removed, in addition to the income tax."
"&gt; So depending upon location it can be incredibly inexpensive.  Yeah, places where it isn't going to flood.  I have something like $8k flood coverage with $5k deductible on an elevated condo unit, and it is about $450/year. As a city official told me, ""if that place gets flooded, we're all dead."" And yet here I am throwing away money due to shitty regulations."
Price and value are two different things. Price is determined by supply and demand. Value does affect the demand. People are willing to pay more if they value the item more but value is not price.
Depends on your company, I guess, because FP&amp;A in our company doesn't do a significant amount of accounting. Take all of this with a grain of salt because I haven't been in the FP&amp;A group, but if I were to rank how much accounting work is done by each finance group from most to least it would be [insert outsourced AP/AR/etc. here], controllers, tax, finance in the business (like embedded in another group), treasury, FP&amp;A, then trading.  Your company may be different, but in my company the FP&amp;A team isn't really booking entries, even if they're looking into a lot of GL accounts to aid in their work. Are you trying to avoid SAP altogether, or do you want to stop doing research in it, or do you just want to stop booking debits and credits? Because almost every lower level role in finance as a whole is at least going to have the research and data gathering part in system, and that's primarily the extent of what FP&amp;A does as far as their work in SAP. Treasury has more responsibility in SAP/other systems because we actually have to go correct entries or make some payments on occasion.
While there are lots of really plausible explanations for why the market moves a certain way on a certain day, no one really knows for sure.  In order to do that, you would need to understand the 'minds' of all the market players.  These days many of these players are secret proprietary algorithms.  I'm not quibbling with the specifics of these explanations (I have no better) just pointing out that these are just really hypotheses and if the market starts following different patterns, they will be tossed into the dust bin of 'old thinking'. I think the best thing you can explain to your son is that the stock market is basically a gigantic highly complex poker game.  The daily gyrations of the market are about individuals trying to predict where the herd is going to go next and then after that and then after that etc. If you want to help him understand the market, I suggest two things.  The first is to find or create a simple market game and play it with him.  The other would be to teach him about how bonds are priced and why prices move the way they do.  I know this might sound weird and most people think bonds are esoteric but there are bonds have a much simpler pricing model based on fundamental financial logic.  It's much easier then to get your head around the moves of the bond markets because the part of the price based on beliefs is much more limited (i.e. will the company be able pay & where are rates going.)  Once you have that understanding, you can start thinking about the different ways stocks can be valued (there are many) and what the market movements mean about how people are valuing different companies. With regard to this specific situation, here's a different take on it from the 'priced in' explanation which isn't really different but might make more sense to your son: Pretend for a second that at some point these stocks did move seasonally.  In the late fall and winter when sales went up, the stock price increased in kind.  So some smart people see this happening every year and realize that if they bought these stocks in the summer, they would get them cheap and then sell them off when they go up.  More and more people are doing this and making easy money.  So many people are doing it that the stock starts to rise in the Summer now.  People now see that if they want to get in before everyone else, they need to buy earlier in the Spring.  Now the prices start rising in the Spring.  People start buying in the beginning of the year... You can see where this is going, right?  Essentially, a strategy to take advantage of well known seasonal patterns is unstable.  You can't profit off of the seasonal changes unless everyone else in the market is too stupid to see that you are simply anticipating their moves and react accordingly.
"I think the nuance you're introducing here is probably as close as you're going to get to acknowledging Bitcoin's price action isn't ""just"" about ""chinese money"", despite your first comment on the topic.  If you're predicting that Bitcoin's market value will take a hit when China announces restrictions on bitcoin or its surrounding ecosystem, you're spot on. Bitcoin already takes a nosedive whenever China makes a sneezing noise that vaguely sounds like ""bitcoin.""    But high volatility is not the same thing as collapsing. If you're waiting for a bitcoin collapse, don't hold your breath while doing so."
"This article acts like it's the fault of the person for not making enough money to pay for rent, food, insurance, and gas - ""Surely if I just tried hard enough I could make $280,000 a year and put 30% of it into investments.""  No financial software is going to change the labor market."
"All of their recommendations... are about 3 decades too late.  The resistant strains that are currently such a major problem (MRSA, VRSA, VRE, etc) were ""bred"" for the most part back in the 1960's (they actually pre-existed antibiotics, but the use/abuse of antibiotics ""clear the ground"" of other bacteria and allow them to proliferate).  What then happened is that the medical industry engaged in a combination of ridiculously sloppy hygiene (see they didn't need to worry about things like washing hands between patients, because they could always just pump people full of yet another ""wonder drug"" antibiotic) AND they also engaged in ""cover their arse"" denial (and self-delusion) -- which allowed the proverbial monkey to get out of the cage.  Yes, later antibiotic usage in animals to cause inordinate weight gain (really only needed in artificially *confined* animals, who by definition have suppressed immune systems and generally gain weight *slower* than non-confined animals) -- has worsened the situation as far as ANIMAL infections (which despite the scaremongering, seldom crossover into humans) -- but...  The REAL problem with the future viability of antibiotics in human, lies **entirely** at the feet of the medical profession (and this kind of PR attempt to ""blame someone else"" is utter BS)."
Not even close.  PnL is part of the job requirement.  Past performance is not indicator of future results.  Sound familiar?  If you were successful managing a multi-asset 200 mio portfolio making 20-25%/year at Fortress... It will be quite a bit more respected than coming out of some 10 person prop shop on the west coast managing 5mio single asset making 25-30%.    Not to mention just the proximity to the street permits the networking that is most essential for opening these doors in the first place.
"1. ""The search for clean cash"" by David Kaiser:  http://hdl.handle.net/1721.1/106164  2.  ""Science, The Endless Frontier"" by Vannevar Bush, July 1945: https://www.nsf.gov/od/lpa/nsf50/vbush1945.htm and https://www.nsf.gov/about/history/nsf50/vbush1945.jsp  3. Manhattan Project history: #5b and #5c at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5b9bza/the_political_system_of_the_usa_is_characterised/dfztjvv      Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5b9bza/the_political_system_of_the_usa_is_characterised/d9mq22q      Via: #1 at https://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/5bpc5x/an_update_for_my_readers_by_peter_levenda/d9q9006 via #26 at https://www.reddit.com/r/Missing411/comments/41oph0/supernatural_abductions_in_japanese_folklore_by/cz3we2z"
"What you said was:  &gt; glad to have people skimming billions of dollars from the economy with exactly zero added value  How is that different from what happens in the absence of algo trading?  Why does ""on the matter of minutes"" matter? Is on the matter of hours acceptable to you?  What I know is that 30 years ago, before the rise of algos, human market makers quoted in 8ths and regularly backed away to quarters. If they sensed some information asymmetry or just didn't like your shop, they might not even pick up the phone. The presence of entities that increase volume and thus price discovery, collapse that spread, encourage competition and innovation is beneficial, unless you're ideal economic model is some slow-moving, $-capturing brokerage oligopoly.  Given that, it's on you to bring forward a model that demonstrates some magical specific sub-daily timing is ok but some other speed is ""bad""."
I have been doing e-filing and I get the return in my account in 10 to 14 days over the past couple of years. It is worth the e-filing cost to get my money back a month faster.
A loan from a bank with no real purpose could be a bad idea and end up costing you more money than it needs to. As someone with a loan and credit card debts accrued over university, I would say avoid it if at all possible. Certainly don't sign up to a large loan if you have no current plans for the money (car, house repair, etc). It sounds as though you're fairly careful with your money, but just want a bit of extra security in case a purchase you didn't account for slips by. If this is the case and you're set on obtaining a source of credit, I'd suggest getting an overdraft if you haven't already. Overdrafts are a lot more flexible, and are better for short term debt that you plan to pay off immediately, such as unexpected charges coming in at the end of the month.  It's worth mentioning that this is from the perspective of a UK banking customer. Overdraft conditions will vary depending on the country.
As the referenced document says, there are 3 formulas, and you need to use the formula which results the greatest margin requirement. In your case, you need to use the 10% formula:
"Bankruptcy is a way to the fiat currency system to regulate itself.  The current system assume that there will always be more debts than money available.  Since money is created with debt already attached to it, the difference between ""real"" money, and ""on paper"" money build up over time.  When this disparity become to big, bankruptcies need to occur to bring those two number closer to each other.    It's like earthquakes if you like, the tectonic plates build up tension that need to be released in many small shocks, or a few big shocks.  The everyday bankruptcies represent the small quakes, and big recession represent too much build up that need to be released in one big shocks.    It's a very high level explanation and it doesn't go into details, but it's roughly why it happens.    EDIT: I wasn't saying that it was bad or not, I was simply explaining bankruptcy and why it's bound to happen.  If you don't like the analogy, it's no reason for downvote.  I know it may not be clear for everyone, but if you do not agree, please explain yourself."
"I work for an international real estate consulting firm in Shanghai. After graduation I worked in their Research Department for two years before switching to Commercial Brokerage 3 months ago.  Since my background was in Economics, I had to learn a lot about how the industry worked. I found this book to be very helpful:  ""Commercial Real Estate Analysis &amp; Investments"" by David Geltner.  I will admit that it's probably more than what you want to know, but it seriously gives an in depth breakdown of the entire industry.   About one year into starting, a major Real Estate iBank commissioned our company to due diligence on an office building acquisition in Shanghai. I was the only person capable of doing it as everyone else was either busy or couldn't speak English properly. With 1 year under my belt in Research and that book, I took the entire thing on. Had to walk into that meeting by myself with all the big wigs from New York, London, Hong Kong and Shanghai questioning every single number and assumption. I fucking nailed it. While credit towards understanding the market through work is deserved, a lot of the development of that report came from constantly consulting that book. It's worth every penny if your interested in commercial real estate investment.  That being said, if you want to track deals, the best place is called Real Estate Capital Analytics. Unfortunately you have to fork over a decent amount of cash to get access. For your situation I would recommend the following:  - ""The Urban Land Institute &amp; PwC Emerging Trends in Real Estate"": I believe you need to be a member but I can always find it online for free.  - Brokerage firms: I work in one and we cover residential, commercial and retail reports on cities throughout the world (I actually wrote the ones for China for two years). You can find a wealth of information in them. If you are seriously looking at buying with capital, call up the research department and ask if they have some time to discuss the market face to face; if you don't have capital, they won't talk to you. Fortunately however, most let you download their reports for free from their website so here's the list of the major ones in the US: CBRE, Colliers, CRESA, Cushman &amp; Wakefield, Jones Lang LaSalle, etc.  - The Loop - www.loopnet.com has a wealth of information from Commercial properties on the market to previous deals.  Please let me know if I can further advise."
In general if there are no transactions for several years a bank will close the account. In my experience they also send at least one warning notice. If they do close the account they send it to the state. Each state has an unclaimed property office. You can contact them regarding the procedure to get the money. If this money was just turned over to the state there may be some lag time before you can get it back. Two notes: the state government doesn't charge a fee to get your money back. Don't pay a company a finder's fee. bank account's owned by minors don't have the same activity requirements as those owned by adults.
"Yeah, I understand that is a nebulous term, akin to stopping ""pork"" in various bills. However, getting back to that Economist article, this really stood out to me:  &gt; America’s corporate tax has two horrible flaws. The first is the tax rate, which at 35% is the highest among the 34 mostly rich-country members of the OECD. Yet it raises less revenue than the OECD average thanks to myriad loopholes and tax breaks aimed at everything from machinery investment to NASCAR race tracks. Last year these breaks cost $150 billion in forgone revenue, more than half of what America collected in total corporate taxes.  I'm not clear on where they got that number, but assuming it is true, there are certainly plenty of places we could start if we were to lower the tax rate to a sane level.   Also, I still don't see how just lowering the tax rate and removing the repatriation tax on foreign earned profit would truly disincentivize inversion. If there are countries like Bermuda still out there with say, random number here, a 5% corporate tax, wouldn't the incentive still exist?"
"Adam Davis's answer is pretty good. However, I think he misses something with regard to the costs of a funeral. According to funeralplanning101.com, a traditional funeral can cost upwards of $15,000. Having just planned and paid for a funeral for an adult, I can assure you that this figure is low. I've heard ""$10,000 - $30,000"", and that seems a reasonable ball-park given my experience. Additionally, grief affects people differently. If your child died, would you be able to continue work afterwards? Most people can, but some people have to take extended leave (generally with no income) because of the emotional impact. Combined, these expenses can easily outstrip the savings for an average family. Almost by definition, insurance is not cost-effective; insurance companies profit by selling it to you, after all. But you may decide that it is appropriate to mitigate your risk by buying insurance. I do not have children and would likely not choose to insure them if I did. Nevertheless, other people may reasonably choose differently."
"Give a poorest person money and they will be pretty much guaranteed to spend it.  This creates demand.  Give a rich person money and what?  It will be preferably used to generate some sort of rent -- that is it will give the rich person more money and give us less; because the price of something we need has gone up.    *edit -- I slogged through every page of ""Wealth of Nations."" Adam Smith spends about half the book talking about the problem of rents.  It seems even truer now."
Another approach, albeit slow:  Buy something that's free after rebate. Upsides:  Low cost.  (Stamps, envelopes) Downside:  Slow, hard to get an exact match on the amount of the card.
That is the standard set by most securities exchanges: T+3 : trades complete three days after the bargain has been struck.
Image Wizards provides Fine Art and Large Format Printing Services. Order Metal Prints and see the quality. For more information, visit: Image Wizards, LLC, 105 Rogers Road Lexington, NC 27292, US or Call us at: 336-283-8679  Webiste: https://www.imagewizards.com/order/
If you have previously made a contribution during that tax year, you can pull it out and re-add it as often as you need until the deadline for that tax year (April 15 of the following year.) This assumes your gross income isn't high enough to exclude you from eligibility for new contributions--in 2017 the phase-out starts at $118,000 and it is completely phased out at $133,000. Within 60 days of distribution, you can re-contribute up to that amount, but you are only allowed one such 60 day rollover per year.
They would get caught on other crimes, and then rat you out for immunity.  Happened to a lot of people in history.    And your friends are probably unavailable for crime for the same reason you would trust them:  They have values.  For doing crime you would need a definite antisocial streak, and that would imply you would be more likely to betray partners.    Come to think of it, finding trustworthy accomplices would be really difficult unless you have already good connections to the underworld.  People not used to criminal activities probably would do mistakes, or face psychological tension.  And it's not like you could make a craigslist classified and make applicants go through an assessment centre.  If you have close friends who would all be willing to go for it, maybe, but then parting ways might raise suspicion..
"As somebody who just went through making these arrangements, I got the title right away.   I understand is a business, but when you got fees for ""bringing flowers to the grave"" then you know you're in for a scam. Best part is when you tell them, ""well, look, I want the most economical cremation box.""   Yes, we have one that's only 100 dollars, but you're not able to put any engraving on it.   And how much is the one where you can put an engraving on...  oh, those start at 200 dollars, but on those, we can just put the name; people love to put a dedication, and those urns start at 250, and they go up depending on the dedication...blah blah blah....  I mean, wtf; i think we paid 50 bucks to have  a tropy engraved, and you're going to tell me an urn is minimum 200 dollars, and price increases the more text you engrave?   Anyway...yea, is really a fucking pain in the ass to go to these places. Is like buying a car, but man, fucking worse cause you're all stressed out dealing with death and all the family drama. I just wanted to go in, go out. Nope, spent at least 1 an hour trying to get upsells.  And then these assholes tell you, we are very understanding and compassionate, we will help you in makign the right decision. More like, we will try to steer you to make the most expensive arrangement. Bunch of fucking assholes."
If you are freelancing, the best form for you is ITR-4. With this form you can declare your salary income as well as your expenses related to your freelancing.  And you should treat your freelancing income as business. That way you can get max deductions claimed.
I worked in two open office space environments. It is hard to focus when people are eavesdropping in and commenting on your desk conversations and phone calls, and you'd just like privacy to do your work without scrutiny by prying colleagues.  When you are in a coffee shop or coworking space, people have completely different companies or projects to focus on. I'd rather a quiet working space, but I'd also rather coffee shop/coworking over an open office space any day.
They just spun off their consumer credit card portion that handles store charge cards. Synchrony Financial just IPOd, rather quietly (but still the biggest ipo of the year) at that. They've got a ton of money to throw around too.
I think what you're asking is,  Can I buy 1000 shares of the stock at $1.  For $1000.   it goes up to $2, then sell 500 shares of the stock with proceeds of $1000, now   having my original $1000 out of it, and still owning 500 shares.    And that not create a taxable event. Since all I   did was take my cost basis back out, and didn't collect any gains.   And then I want to repeat that over and over. Nope, not in the USA anyway.   Each sale is a separate taxable event. The first sale will have proceeds of $1000 and a cost basis of $500, with $500 of capital gains, and taxes owed at the time of that sale. The remaining stock will have a cost basis of $500 and proceeds of whatever you sell it for in the future. The next batch of stock will have a cost basis of whatever you pay for it.   The only thing that works anything like the way you're thinking, is a Roth IRA...   You can put your cost basis in, pull it back out, and put it back in again, all tax free.   But every time your cost basis cycles in, that counts towed your contribution limits unless you do it fast enough to call it a rollover.
Congrats on making it this far debt free. It is rare, but nice to be in the situation that you are in.  The important thing here is that you want to remain debt free. That's really what the emergency fund is all about: it keeps you from needing to go into debt should something unexpected happen.  You've got 1.5 months worth of expenses saved up, and that's great. If you don't have a family or other responsibilities, that might be enough, but think about this: how are you paying for school, and what would happen if those funds stopped coming in? If you are paying for school out of your own income, what happens if you lose your job? If someone else, perhaps your parents, is paying for school, what happens if they are suddenly no longer able to do so?  While you have extra cash, you want to be saving it up for situations like this.  If I were you, I would build up that emergency fund until it got to the point where it could pay all your expenses and tuition until graduation. Hopefully, you won't need to touch it, but it will be there if you need it.  Since you need to be able to access your money quickly, it is generally recommended to park this money in a savings account, where it is very safe. Mutual funds are a great way to invest, but they are not safe in the short term.  Don't stress out about not being able to start retirement investing just yet. Making sure you can finish school debt free is the best investment you can make right now. After you graduate and land a job, you can start investing aggressively.
Companies will keep their wages as low as possible and would rather sacrifice the quality of people, hiring incapable/ ill-suited people. Then in order to further reduce costs many corporate offices will pass down that payroll needs to be reduced, so those people who couldn't do one person's job then do the job of two or three. Then burn out quickly and the cycle repeats. Been in service too long. You see this everywhere.
It is also possible that the settlement company didn't tell the local government where to send the new tax bill. This would worry me because what else was missed regarding filing the proper documents with the lenders and the local government. It could also be a problem with the local government. Contact the settlement company or your attorney to get the issue resolved. If you owe the money you want to know; if the new owner owes the money they don't want to face a tax lien because the settlement company made a mistake. Generally this is split between the parties based on the number of days each will own the home. At settlement the money should move from one party to the other based on what has been deposited into escrow and when the actual bills are due. For example the payment for the first half of the year due July 1st may be sent in June. If the settlement was in June The new owner would give money to the old owner. But if settlement was in early July Money would move the other way.
They call you because that is their business rules. They want their money, so their system calls you starting on the 5th.  Now you have to decide what you should do to stop this. The most obvious is to move the payment date to before the 5th. Yes that does put you at risk if the tenant is late. But since it is only one of the 4 properties you own, it shouldn't be that big of a risk.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://promarket.org/rise-market-power-decline-labors-share/) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; A new paper argues that the decline of both the labor and capital shares, as well as the decline in low-skilled wages and other economic trends, have been aided by a significant increase in markups and market power.  &gt; A new paper by Jan De Loecker and Jan Eeckhout echoes these results, arguing that the decline of both the labor and capital shares, as well as the decline in low-skilled wages and other economic trends, have been aided by a significant increase in markups and market power.  &gt; In recent years, a growing body of literature has linked the rise of market power to several adverse economic trends, such as the decline in new business start-ups, diminishing competition, and rising income inequality.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6u9l6e/the_rise_of_market_power_and_the_decline_of/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~192969 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Markup**^#1 **Loecker**^#2 **market**^#3 **increase**^#4 **decline**^#5"
If you are the beneficiary of an annuity, you might receive a single-sum distribution when the annuity owner dies. The amount of this death benefit might be the current cash value of the annuity or some other amount based upon contract riders that the owner purchased. The tax on death benefits depends on a number of factors. Death benefits are taxed as normal income. Unlike other investments, the named beneficiary of a non-qualified annuity does not get a step-up in tax basis to the date of death. However, that doesn't mean the beneficiary will have to pay taxes on the full amount. Because the purchaser of the annuity made the investment with after-tax dollars, only the amount attributable to investment income is taxed, but it will be taxed as ordinary income and not enjoy any special capital gains treatment. When there is a death benefit that exceeds the value of the account, that additional amount is also taxed as ordinary income.  Taxes on annuities depend on several circumstances: For more information on distribution of inherited annuities and taxes - go to Annuities HQ-- http://www.annuitieshq.com/articles/distribution-options-inherited-annuity/ they go into details that could help you even more.  One thing that Annuities HQ points out is if you take the lump sum payout, you may be pushed into a higher tax bracket.  Along with doing research I would also contact a financial advisor!
&gt; ...but don't point a gun at someone and just take it.  You ordered government services through elections which included an agreement to pay taxes for them.  Do you also equate paying the check at a restaurant as larceny?
Pretend it was a gift all along, be happy that you could help out your family when they needed it and remember your lesson for the future.
Cap rate includes any interest on the mortgage and not the repayments of the mortgage. Cap rate represents the net income which is the gross rent minus all costs, including the interest on the loan. Mortgage repayments form part of your cash flow calculations not your return calculations. ROI is a calculation which works out your net income over the initial investment you made, which is you downpayment plus costs and not the value of the property.
It has nothing to do with forcing people to pay off their debt; in that case it would make better sense to have people pay off debt rather than interest. It is because you want to have your actual payment stay the same each month, which is easier for the vast majority of people to comprehend and put into their budget. It is called an annuity in Finance terms. In theory you could use another method - eg. pay of the same amount of debt each month - then your interest payments will decrease over time. But in that case your monthly payment (debt + interest) will not be stable - It will start of high and decrease a little bit each month. With an annuity you have a constant cashflow. In Finance you generally operate with three methods of debt repayment: Annuity: Fixed cashflow. High interest payment in the beginning with small debt payments - later it will be reversed. Serial loan: Fixed debt payments. Debt payments are equally spread out accross the period - interst is paid on the remaining debt. Cash flow will decrease over time, because interest payments become smaller for each period. Standing loan: You only pay interest on the loan, no debt payments during the period. All debt is payed back in the end of the loan. In Europe it is common practise to combine a 30 year annuity with a 10 year standing loan, so that you only pay interest on the loan for the first 10 years, thereafter you start paying back the debt and interest, the fixed amount each month (the annuity). This is especially common for first-time buyers, since they usually have smaller salaries early in life than later and therefore need the additional free cash in the beginning of their adult life.
"Extrinsic value is not a factor with respect to gold.  Intrinsic value by definition is the natural value of a commodity set by the market -- extrinsic value is externally set. The ""extrinsic"" value of gold in the United States is $50/oz. If the market value of gold fell below $50/oz, a US American Eagle coin would be worth $50 in the US. If you take away the attributes that make a commodity valuable, the value drops. Substitutes of equal or better quality for most industrial or other uses of gold exist, so if if the popularity of gold declines, or if the hoarders of gold have to liquidate, it's value will diminish. I have no idea what that value would be, but it would set by the market demand for gold jewelry and other valuable industrial uses."
You're absolutely right - comforts in and of themselves are not everything, and certainly not an excuse to withhold freedoms or any of the other points noted in the list. That said, will all the others covered, comforts can be the icing on the cake.
"It is explained on their website.  Just look for the word ""routing"" on the Features page: Choose Your Venues Liquidity Pools Group 1: Bats Europe Group 2: Liquidity Partner (LP) Add this group to access dark pool liquidity. Group 3: Exchanges and MTFs Choose to access additional Exchanges and MTFs across Europe."
Coin regardless of the metal content proportion, all have intrinsic and face value. The more the silver and gold presence in coins the more the value. Pure Nickle and copper coin have intrinsic value. The more zinc, and manganese presense in coin the less value the coin becomes.
At 19 years old you can and should be investing to see your money grow over the years. Reinvesting the dividends does get to be pretty significant because they compound over many years. Historically this dividend compounding accounts for about half of the total gains from stocks. At 70 years old I am not investing to see my money grow, although that's nice. I am investing to eat. I live on the dividends, and they tend to come in fairly reliably even as the market bounces up and down. For stocks selected with this in mind I get about 4% per year from the dividends.
"&gt; The laws just mean you can't make your decision on the basis of religion. Make your decision because they don't interview well, they can't do the job, they have poor qualifications, etc.  Which means people are being forced to lie and make up excuses to hide the real reason they don't want to hire someone.  &gt; Substitute, say, ""black people"" for the reference to religious expression and you see where this is a problem. Paraphrased, you've got: ""Why should I be forced to hire black people who I fundamentally oppose (and do not wish to support, however indirectly via a paycheck), why is their right to be black more valid than my right to not like black people?""  There is a MORAL problem with this insfar as I object to bigotry.  There should not, however, be a LEGAL problem with it.  If the local bigot business owner does not wish to serve blacks, they shouldn't be forced to do it - it is THEIR business. They took the risk, they pay the bills, and they should be free to hire, fire, and serve whomever they wish as long as they to not use fraud, force, or threat to do so.    if you think otherwise, then you're asking goverment to be in the morality business and this does not end well.  it is EXACTLY because of this that we see the right trying to enforce morality codes when they are in power, the left trying to enforce some version of fairness codes when they are in power.  I want one code: a code liberty that applies to everyone equally.  Yes, that means there will be bigots that do not serve blacks or gays.  But it also means that I can start a business, hire whom I wish, serve whom I wish, and thereby create community-specific value."
"I think Amazon wants to compete with Walmart the same way Target competes with Walmart.   California Walmarts are depressing. Target offers a somewhat better store with a little better products. My personal experience at Grossmont Center in La Mesa, where a target and a Walmart are anchor stores at either end of a mall, the difference is striking.   I assume (not having shopped at Whole Foods) that Whole Foods has a lot of products that people love. I also assume they are spending a ton on stocking a lot of pricey items that don't move. They might also have whole sections that loose money that may be more trouble than they are worth - the former owners may have thought they drove foot traffic, but Amazon may think otherwise.   In retail, the opportunity cost of having shelves full of crap no one buys is huge. The idea that shelf space is precious cannot be overstated. Amazon wants to use that badly-used shelf space for other stuff they know moves. Products they sell online already. Products their online stats says people who buy similar Whole Foods goods also buy. This means ""cheaper retail products"" - but I don't think it means expired yellow cake mix and a 30lb bucket of lard."
"Do you have the felling this is going to get much much worse before it gets better? I mean, Greece is going through with austerity measures and will be cutting gov't spending and raising taxes again. They will be cutting over 150,000 gov't workers, pensions cut, etc. How are they ever going to grow? If Spain and Italy follow in this practice, I see another ""loss decade"" just like Japan went through. If not a total EU collapse."
You didn't answer my questions above, but the biggest factor if the two interest rates are similar is what it will cost you for mortgage insurance if you do not include a 20% down-payment on your next house purchase. I would take the extra money from the proceeds of the other sale to get to a 15-year loan on your next house, then put all of your extra money into paying down the student loans ahead of the 7 year schedule.
Wow, I had never heard of this before but I looked into it a bit and Mikey was spot on. It seems that if you don't pay attention to the fine print when making credit card purchases (as most of us tend to skip) many companies have stipulations that allow continued charges if they are recurring fees (monthly, yearly, etc.) even after you have cancelled the card.
"Since these are specific items that you don't really want to buy, it might help to figure out what you could spend that money on that you DO really want. It sounds like right now you are thinking ""Wow, I can get this widget (that I don't really want) for so cheap with this discount code!"" Try changing your thinking to something along the lines of ""This widget is pretty cool, but I could buy this doodad that I really want instead"" or ""This widget is nice, but if I don't buy it, I could have a latte every other day this month."" I've found this to be a very effective technique-- and I often don't end up buying the doodads or lattes either. It's just a good way to put the cost of your purchase in perspective. The other thing I do when I want something is to write it down and revisit it a week or so later. If I still want it and I still have the budget for it (and especially if I've skipped other purchases to save up for it), then I buy it. That advice doesn't sound like it will work for you though, since it sounds like you've wanted to buy these things for a long time. So... are you REALLY sure you don't want them, or do you just not want to want them?"
The idea was to not make the same mistake Meredith Whitney did. You don't have to agree with me but I'm also not going to slap a specific date on it.  Calling out structural flaws is one thing, and trying to put an exact date onto it is another exercise entirely.   It's like pointing out the financial jeopardy the US government is in. At the current rate of debt increase we've been seeing we're guaranteed to face massive inflation eventually. The only way to stop this from happening is to have a fundamental mindset shift in Congress. *But* I'm not about to attach a date onto when this will happen because there are just too many variables for me to figure out when it's going to happen.  Like I said earlier, Whitney's only mistake was to slap a date onto her call.
What's your opinion of the rising student loan debt?  It keeps going up, is that realistic and sustainable?  It looks like it could be a possible bubble to me, especially considering private investors take on little risk because the loans cannot be discharged in bankruptcy.
Pre-Enron many companies forced the 401K match to be in company shares. That is no longer allowed becasue of changes in the law. Therefore most employees have only a small minority of their retirement savings in company shares. I know the ESOP and 401K aren't the same, but in my company every year the number of participants in the company stock purchase program decreases. The small number of participants and the small portion of their new retirement funds being in company shares would mean this spike in volume would be very small.  The ESOP plan for my employer takes money each paycheck, then purchases the shares once a quarter. This delay would allow them to manage the purchases better. I know with a previous employer most ESOP participants only held the shares for the minimum time, thus providing a steady steam of shares being sold.
I can't see how you can deduct your mother's loss. The money was not stolen from you, and you gave money to your mother of your own free will and with full intention of the money to be used by her as she wishes. Moving money from your own account to a joint account allowing the joint holder to use it - is akin to giving the money directly to the joint holder, i.e.: in your case, giving a gift to your mother.
"I am no business expert, but I know that their branding and licensing is good because it makes kids demand it ""because frozen"" but parents are reluctant to buy the same old ""one big piece with some bolt on blocks"" sets where you aren't *really* building anything. It lacks the creativity since they made it more difficult to just buy a tub of blocks. I struggled to find legos one year where it wasn't some smartly branded yet completely cold and bland set."
They are certainly only suggesting that the money you pay to recycle the bulbs is tax deductible as a donation, assuming that they are indeed a 501(c)(3) non-profit. Donations of goods are only deductible at fair market value. Light bulbs that no longer light up have no market value, so only the payment could possibly be deductible.
"There are two things going on here, neither of which favors this approach. First, as @JohnFx noted, you should be wary of the sunk-cost fallacy, or throwing good money after bad. You already lost the money you lost, and there's no point in trying to ""win it back"" as opposed to just investing the money you still have as wisely as possible, forgetting your former fortune. Furthermore, the specific strategy you suggest is not a good one. The problem is that you're assuming that, whenever the stock hits $2, it will eventually rebound to $3. While that may often happen, it's far from guaranteed. More specifically, assuming the efficient market hypothesis applies (which it almost certainly does), there are theorems that say you can't increase your expected earning with a strategy like the one you propose: the apparent stability of the steady stream of income is offset by the chance that you lose out if the stock does something you didn't anticipate."
Not sure where the confusion is coming from - software/digital/intangible goods are just like any other product, with regard to VAT. Turns out it's being made complicated by HMRC... Anyone would think they enjoy making everyone who collects tax for free on their behalf a crook! You charge customers everywhere in the EU VAT and pay it to HMRC, the only exception being customers outside the UK who can provide you with a VAT number. For these customers you are free to not charge VAT, as it's assumed they would be reclaiming it in their home country anyway. The above is true until 2015, when the rules become more relaxed - you will not need a VAT number from customers outside the UK in order to exempt yourself from collecting VAT. Turns out you need to be part of the MOSS scheme (more here) which was set up to prevent you having to register for VAT in every country you sell your software. Unless you only sell through app stores, and then it's easier because each sale is treated as you selling your software to the store for it to be sold on. You can reclaim all VAT on your eligible purchases in the UK, just as any other UK VAT registered business would (usual rules apply). And of course you don't collect VAT from anyone outside the EU, so you can either reduce the price of your software or pocket the additional 20%.
"It's pretty easy. In the Interview Setup for Ufile, check the box for ""Self-employment business income"". Then during the process of filling everything out, you'll get a Self-Employment screen. It'll ask for the name of your business, but just put your own name since you don't have one. For the 6-digit classification code, click the ? button and look through the list for the industry that best matches the one for whom you wrote the technical report. Or you can go with 711500: Independent artists, writers and performers. It doesn't really matter that much so don't worry if it's a poor match. It will also ask you for your income and expenses.   I don't know exactly what costs you might have incurred to write your report, but you can likely claim a very tiny amount of ""home office"" expenses. Costs like rent (or mortgage interest + property tax), utilities, and home insurance can be claimed, but they have to be pro-rated for the time you were actually doing the work, and are based on the amount of space you used for the work.  For example, if you paid $1000 rent and $200 utilities for the month in which the work was done, and it took you 20 of the 31 days in that month to actually do the work, and you used a room that makes up about 10% of the square footage of your home, then you can claim: $1200 * 20/31 * 0.1 = $77.42 for your home office expenses. If you also used that room for non-business purposes during that time, then you reduce it even further. Say, if the room was also used for playing video games 50% of the time, then you'd only claim $38.71"
She sold the rights to her photo. Burger King bought a stock photo. She no longer has any rights to control the photo.   She suddenly has a problem with the ad 5 years after it ran. Clearly just trying to milk money out of the company or get attention.
Just came back from the IBM Smarter Computing forum in Ryebrook, and this was one of the more interesting parts of the presentations.  The steps that have been made are already enormous, and yet there is a long way to go.  Watson is one side of the equation - the software approach to cognitive function.  I think the far more interesting side is the hardware approach.  A system that does not function in a linear manner, that uses no little or no power to maintain states, just spiking when reacting to stimuli.    They demonstrated a 256 neuron network that could change states bases on optical input that was quite interesting, not because of its sophistication, but rather the exact opposite - extremely low power compared to conventional processing (although still more than 40 times the draw of human neurons) and lots of fuzziness in terms of its reactions to change.  Watson is very cool, but I think ultimately, linear programmed systems will fall behind the parallel approach.
You are right: if the combined value of all outstanding GOOG shares was $495B, and the combined value of all GOOGL shares was $495B, then yes, Alphabet would have a market cap of at least $990B (where I say at least only because I myself don't know that there aren't other issues that should be in the count as well). The respective values of the total outstanding GOOG and GOOGL shares are significantly less than that at present though. Using numbers I just grabbed for those tickers from Google Finance (of course), they currently stand thus:
This is pretty basic question, but my head is confused :(  If you buy a $1000 bond with 5% interest rate, so it would be $1050 at maturity  what does it mean?  * you will be paid the interest in coupons (paid in coupons until it totals $50) and at maturity paid $1000 (in one large single payment) * you get paid the full value in coupons ($1050 split by multiple coupons)  Any other explanations of how a bond works are welcome, most of the stuff I could find was about what yield is, not how the bond actually works.
I had a colleague turn down a raise once because he believed that female colleagues were already being paid well below his salary and it was unfair to further increase this gap. For very public figures raises are often declined as a form of leadership: showing that management is willing to forgo bonuses and salary increases as a form of solidarity with the employee population.  Some leaders forgo a salary altogether (or take a $1/year salary).
There are a few methods you can use to estimate your taxes. On the results screen, the app will show you your estimated tax burden, your estimated withholding for the year, and your estimated overpayment/refund or shortfall/tax due.  It may also have recommendations for you on how to adjust your W-4 (although, this late in the year, I think it only tells you to come back next year to reevaluate).   Your state might also have income tax, and if you are curious about that, you can find the state tax form and estimate your state income tax as well. My guess is that you will be getting a refund this year, as you have only worked half of the year.  But that is only a guess.
Yes, there is; you are correct. Once I register my phone to the WiFi, the store has access to my phone's IP address, so that's how they ultimately identify me. I just use a spurious email address because I do not want all the spam and advertisements sent to my email. If you haven't noticed, the minute you provide your email to a company, organization, etc., all of a sudden you start getting emails for random places (third-parties).   I like you, Sarah. You're a sharp interlocutor that loves to confabulate. You keep me on my toes lol
Right, but the world needs an army of burger flippers and low skill level wage earners, how else would the upper echelons profit? Wait, I forgot let's let arbitrary randomness and luck determine who gets a job instead of the one's with a passion for it. And then we can finally let people with passions start up their business because of complete happen-stance, or you know we could make a system in which there are more chances for people to succeed based on previous people's capabilities and successes, but no, this is between you and the universe to determine survival of the fittest, no hand outs! Sarcasms, and such.
"Buying lotteries tickets makes you the fish not the fisher. Just like casinos or drugs. If you like, you can call buying tickets an ""investment"" or better yet, a donation in the lottery's owner wealth. No real investor is dumb enough to get into a business where 99.9999999% of the ""investors"" lose EVERYTHING they invested. Besides, a real investments means BIG money. You can call it so if you are ready to sell your house and buy tickets of all those money, but still, the risk is so high that it's not worth it."
"This is a great question! I've been an entrepreneur and small business owner for 20+ years and have started small businesses in 3 states that grew into nice income streams for me. I've lived off these businesses for 20+ years, so I know it can be done! First let me start by saying that the rules, regulations, requirements and laws for operating a business (small or large) legally, for the most part, are local laws and regulations. Depending on what your business does, you may have some federal rules to follow, but for the most part, it will be your locality (state, county, city) that determines what you'll have to do to comply and be ""legal"". Also, though it might be better in some cases to incorporate (and even required in some circumstances), you don't always have to. There are many small businesses (think landscapers, housekeepers, babysitters, etc.) that get income from their ""business operations"" and do so as ""individuals"". Of course, everyone has to pay taxes - so as long as you property record your income (and expenses) and properly file your tax returns every year, you are ""income tax legal"".  I won't try to answer the income tax question here, though, as that can be a big question. Also, though you certainly can start a business on your own without hiring lawyers or other professionals (more on that below), when it comes to taxes, I definitely recommend you indeed plan to hire a tax professional (even if it's something like H&R Block or Jackson Hewitt, etc). In some cities, there might even be ""free"" tax preparation services by certain organizations that want to help the community and these are often available even to small businesses. In general, income taxes can be complicated and the rules are always changing. I've found that most small business owners that try to file their own taxes generally end up paying a lot more taxes than they're required to, in essence, they are overpaying! Running a business (and making a profit) can be hard enough, so on to of that, you don't need to be paying more than you are required to!  Also, I am going to assume that since it sounds like it would be a business of one (you), that you won't have a Payroll. That is another area that can be complicated for sure. Ok, with those generics out of the way, let me tackle your questions related to starting and operating a business, since you have the ""idea for your business"" pretty figured out. Will you have to pay any substantial amount of money to attorneys or advisors or accountants or to register with the government? Not necessarily. Since the rules for operating a business legally vary by your operating location (where you will be providing the service or performing your work), you can certainly research this on your own. It might take a little time, but it's doable if you stick with it. Some resources: The state of Florida (where I live) has an excellent page at: http://www.myflorida.com/taxonomy/business/starting%20a%20business%20in%20florida/ You might not be in Florida, but almost every state will have something similar. What all do I need to do to remain on the right side of the law and the smart side of business?  All of the answers above still apply to this question, but here are a few more items to consider: You will want to keep good records of all expenses directly related to the business. If you license some content (stock images) for example, you'll want to document receipts. These are easy usually as you know ""directly"". If you subscribe to the Apple Developer program (which you'll need to if you intend to sell Apps in the Apple App Stores), the subscription is an expense against your business income, etc. You will want to keep good records of indirect costs. These are not so easy to ""figure out"" (and where a good accountant will help you when this becomes significant) but these are important and a lot of business owners hurt themselves by not considering these. What do I mean? Well, you need an ""office"" in order to produce your work, right? You might need a computer, a phone, internet, electricity, heat, etc. all of which allow you to create a ""working environment"" that allows you to ""produce your product"". The IRS (and state tax authorities) all provide ways for you to quantify these and ""count them"" as legitimate business expenses. No, you can't use 100% of your electric bill (since your office might be inside your home, and the entire bill is not ""just"" for your business) but you are certainly entitled to some part of that bill to count as a business expense. Again, I don't want to get too far down the INCOME TAX rabbit hole, but you still need to keep track of what you spend! You must keep good record of ALL your income. This is especially important when you have money coming in from various sources (a payroll, gifts from friends, business income from clients and/or the App Stores, etc.) Do not just assume that copies of your bank deposits tell the whole story. Bank statements might tell you the amount and date of a deposit, but you don't really know ""where"" that money came from unless you are tracking it! The good news is that the above record keeping can be quite easy with something like Quicken or QuickBooks (or many many other such popular programs.) You will want to ensure you have the needed licenses (not necessarily required at all for a lot of small businesses, especially home based businesses.) Depending on your business activity, you might want to consider business liability insurance. Again, this will depend on your clients and/or other business entities you'll be dealing with. Some might require you to have some insurance.  Will be efforts even be considered a business initially until some amount of money actually starts coming in?  This might be a legal / accountant question as to the very specific answer from the POV of the law and taxing authorities. However, consider that not all businesses make any money at all, for a long time, and they definitely ""are a business"". For instance, Twitter was losing money for a long time (years) and no one would argue they were not a business. Again, deferring to the attorneys/cpas here for the legal answer, the practical answer is that you're performing ""some"" business activity when you start creating a product and working hard to make it happen! I would consider ""acting as"" a business regardless! What things do I need to do up-front and what things can I defer to later, especially in light of the fact that it might be several months to a couple years before any substantial income starts coming in? This question's answer could be quite long. There are potentially many items you can defer.  However, one I can say is that you might consider deferring incorporation. An individual can perform a business activity and draw income from it legally in a lot of situations. (For tax purposes, this is sometimes referred to as ""Schedule-C"" income.) I'm not saying incorporation is a bad thing (it can shield you from a lot of issues), but I am saying that it's not necessary on day 1 for a lot of small businesses. Having said that, this too can be easy to do on your own. Many companies offer services so you can incorporate for a few hundred dollars. If you do incorporate, as a small business of one person, I would definitely consider a tax concept called an ""S-Corp"" to avoid paying double taxes.) But here too, we've gone down the tax rabbit hole again. :-)"
Wow. She really is in a pickle. Even though I can intellectualize that she ought have paid more attention to her family's finances, and assuming she wasn't complicit in her husband's obvious tax evasion, I can sympathize to some extent.  This is a great demonstration of how dangerous it is to just let your spouse handle all the finances because they understand the money stuff. Even if they pay the bills you should have at least a fundamental understanding of the taxes being paid, estate and retirement plans. So here's some practical advice based on the hole she has dug for herself:
3D modeling of jewelry from your ideas, photos or drawings Fast budget in 24 hours Realistic rendering for customer approval Support at all stages of production Quality at competitive prices Modules with pre-crimping We can modify or repair your 3D designs Exclusivity in their designs Delivery in 7 days and emergency modeling in 48 hours available
In the very unlikely event that it is not a scam, there would be a distinct probability that it is someone trying to launder money.  You don't want to get caught up with drug dealers or ISIS terrorists, so forget it. There is also the possibility that your post is a scam, looking for people who would believe such nonsense.  I wonder if people who reply are going to get phished.
Auto Insurance score is in no way related to your driving habits, instead it is based on your credit usage.  You are often punished for having more than one or two hard inquires in a year and they also frown upon having many lines of credit even though that helps your credit utilization.
"Depends what you mean by simplify. I thought I would save money when I talked the family into dropping cable TV, but it ends up coming out as a wash because we rented more and bought TV shows online from amazon.com.  (Then we bought a new computer so I could keep working on my laptop while the family watches streaming internet, we save money, but not as much as I thought) We did a great purge of ""stuff"" from the garage and closets a couple of summers ago because I wanted to simplify (some clothes, extra pots and pans, a coat rack, unused electronics) and now I am seeing their replacements coming back into the house in the form of new purchases. I guess my lesson is that you cannot make another person simplify their life.  I love my wife for trying so hard to help me with my plan, and I certainly don't blame her for wanting a coat rack again (it is just who she is, she doesn't see the irony) but I should have considered how my desire impacted those around me."
"Short answer, yes. But this is not done through the deductions on Schedule A. This can happen if the employer creates a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) for its employees. This can be created for certain approved uses like medical and transportation expenses (a separate account for each category). You can contribute amounts within certain limits to these accounts (e.g. $255 a month for transportation), with pre-tax income, deduct the contributions, and then withdraw these funds to cover your transportation or medical expenses. They work like a (deductible) IRA, except that these are ""spending"" and not ""retirement"" accounts. Basically, the employer fulfills the role of ""IRA"" (FSA, actually) trustee, and does the supporting paperwork."
"So many interesting points you raise ...   I only have a minute, so:  &gt; the more technology that is created, the less privacy we have, the dumber we become and the more jobs we lose to automation  I agree wholeheartedly with your first two points... as far as the loss of jobs to automation, I'm not convinced that's a bad thing.   Who exactly is happy spending 40 hours each week standing on a factory line or stocking shelves? I don't think that's a life anyone would choose if better options were available.   Of course, that raises the thorny issue of ""better options being available."" :)   I think that the loss of jobs to automation will raise complex issues that are not nearly as black and white - or *predictable* - as many seem to think they are.   p.s.  You're delightful to chat with!"
Yes, there's a way. I actually wrote a blog post about it. Its a new service from the IRS which allows you pulling your account online. IRS also has an instruction page just for this case here.
From Wikipedia: Investment has different meanings in finance and economics. In Finance   investment is putting money into something with the expectation of   gain, that upon thorough analysis, has a high degree of security for   the principal amount, as well as security of return, within an   expected period of time. In contrast putting money into something with   an expectation of gain without thorough analysis, without security of   principal, and without security of return is speculation or gambling. The second part of the question can be addressed by analyzing the change in gold price vs inflation year by year over the long term. As Chuck mentioned, there are periods in which it didn't exceed inflation. More important, over any sufficiently long length of time the US stock market will outperform. Those who bought at the '87 peak aren't doing too bad, yet those who bought in the last gold bubble haven't kept up with inflation. $850 put into gold at the '80 top would inflate today to $2220 per the inflation calculator. You can find with a bit of charting some periods where gold outpaced inflation, and some where it missed. Back to the definition of investment. I think gold fits speculation far better than it does investment. I've heard the word used in ways I'd disagree with, spend what you will on the shoes, but no, they aren't an investment, I tell my wife. The treadmill purchase may improve my health, and people may use the word colloquially, but it's not an investment.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://betterfuture.xyz/2017/10/07/why-the-penny-must-die/) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The United States Mint admitted that, &amp;quot;There are no alternative metal compositions that reduce the manufacturing unit cost of the penny below its face value.&amp;quot; Thus, unless they were to be made out of plastic, the penny will always cost more to produce than they are worth; yet, the U.S. Mint continues to manufacture 4 billion pennies each year.  &gt; The penny lobby &amp;quot;America For Common Cents&amp;quot; argue that without the penny, prices would rise and charitable contributions will fall.  &gt; At the time when Sweden removed the 50 &amp;ouml;re, it was worth approximately 5 cents - mayhap we should look into getting rid of more than just the penny.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/75ad2p/it_costs_18_cent_to_manufacture_each_penny_the/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~224964 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **penny**^#1 **cost**^#2 **removed**^#3 **worth**^#4 **even**^#5"
I fear that when most of the cost is overhead, very minimal marginal costs, efficiencies of scale make de facto monopolies. Mix this with compatibility, creating a new competitor in the smartphone market would be next to impossible unless they could run Android or iOS third party apps for example.
Like I said in my original post, you could have two part time jobs paying at $15, restoring your hours, paying more. Again, the condition for this is the overall employment level (jobs availability). I say successful people, to show this is a widespread opinion verified by those who are successful, but being widespread it's believed by many people, including those getting min wage. It's a pretty simple concept,  do you really think min wage people wouldn't get it?
The comparison was emphatically not one that went to success of the company, otherwise there are a ton of blue chip companies that could have been cited. Instead, Dixon cites emergent technology companies who are at the top of their game in terms of bringing new and innovative products to market. It's about business plan and vision as it translates to long term success. It has nothing to do with quarterly returns.
If you are going to put it into a banking system, just deposit it. Why did breaking it up even cross your mind? Like what would that even have accomplished, so you could pretend like you started moonlighting as a club bouncer if you were ever casually asked by a bank teller or federal agent? If you have to ever account for the source of your money, you will have to account for it regardless. You shouldn't worry about things that may trigger higher scrutiny on you, because it is pretty random. The financial institution may file a suspicious activity report any time they feel like it (which they routinely do without the customer's knowledge, for a wide range of reasons), and actually attempting to break it up into smaller deposits would mean the suspicious activity report would escalate into criminal charges. And regarding the IRS, if they ever audited you then you will still have to account for that $25,000 no matter what you did with it.
Is this transaction legal Yes it is. Are there any tax implications in US?  The interest is taxable in US. From what I understand, there are no tax implications in India. Yes this is right. The question you haven't asked is does this makes sense? So you are paying 3% upfront. Getting 8% at end of one year. You can making monthly repayments through the year. You have not factored in the Fx Rate and their fluctuations. For Example you would convert USD to INR and back to USD. Even if you do this the same day, you loose around 2% that is referred to as Fx Spread. Plus the rates for USD and INR get adjusted for inflation. This means that INR will loose value in a year. In long term it would be balance out [i.e. the gain in interest rate is offset by loss in Fx rate]. At times its ahead or behind due to local conditions.
&gt;I agree that double taxation makes no sense regardless of individual or corporation. Having said that, it's my understanding that Murca offers corporations tax credits on foreign taxes paid to avoid double taxation. I'm pretty sure that a similar vehicle exists for individuals as well. My issue is entirely with corporations paying off legislators to avoid taxes that they have an obligation to pay in the country that they operate.  Context, friend.  The statement you quoted was in reference to the issue of double taxation.  Hence the statement was made in attempt to indicate that no issue with the responder's stance on double taxation, but in fact the paying for and receiving tax concessions.  The statement certainly could have been more comprehensive in identifying legislators as equally culpable in its part.    Your attempt to cherry pick a statement out of context is disingenuous.  Bro, do you work for Fox?
"Equity could mean stock options. If that's the case if the company makes it big, you'll have the option to buy stocks cheap (which can then be sold at a huge profit) How are you going to buy those without income?  5% equity is laughable. I'd be looking for 30-40% if not better without salary.  Or even better, a salary. To elaborate, 5% is fine, and even normal for an early employee taking a mild pay cut in exchange for a chance at return. That chance of any return on the equity is only about 1/20 (94% of startups fail) There is no reason for an employee to work for no pay. An argument could be made for a cofounder, with direct control and influence in the company to work for equity only, but it would be a /lot/ more (that 30-40%), or an advisory role (5% is reasonable)  I also just noticed you mentioned ""investing"" in the startup with cash. As an angel investor, I'd still expect far more than 5%, and preferred shares at that. More like 16-20%.  Read this for more info on how equity is usually split."
It is breaking the law, it's just difficult to demonstrate it. It's easy for international companies to make individual territories look unprofitable, reducing local tax bills. The law forbids this when abused, but not easy to prove. In this case Starbucks execs have been mouthing off about how profitable it is in the UK!
Why should a bank get into construction specifically? Lots of business opportunities require capital. Conceivably banks could build factories, develop consumer electronics, complete with SpaceX, etc. It's all capital in, profits out, with varying levels of risk and returns. There's nothing special about constructing apartments. The reason banks don't run businesses is because there are plenty of private firms that compete with each other for business. What's the chance that a bank, with all its bureaucracy, can deliver cheaper apartments than an apartment developer? Pretty low in fact, and that's why they would rather lend to an apartment developer rather than building the apartments themselves. Banks are in the business of competing with other banks. The main work they do is to sort out good investments from poor ones. And if they can do that just a bit more efficiently than their competitors, they make big bucks. For example, it might only take a few additional hours to better vet a deal worth millions. Whereas with an apartment building, you wouldn't be able to make that amount of money per hour even if the materials and labor cost you nothing.
Well my privileged friend, let me tell you that it's over. I live in a place where there are barely contracts anymore, let alone permanent contracts. Overtime is a fond memory. The future will be tougher for the unskilled as these jobs are automated. Once more, it's over. People smart and ambitious enough to be come employers didn't get there by overpaying.
According to my calculations, you always lose money on group B.  x = average monthly balance  Income for a year = 0.015 * (12 * x) = 0.18 * x  Cost of funds for one month = 0.04 * x  Cost of funds for one year = 12 * (0.04 * x) = 0.48 * x  Profit? at end of year   = income_for_year - cost_of_funds_for_one_year  = (0.18 * x) - (0.48 * x)  = forever loss
The cause of incomplete/inaccurate financial data's appearing on free sites is that it is both complicated and expensive to obtain and parse these data. Even within a single country, different pieces of financial data are handled by different authorities.  In the US, for example, there is one generally recognized authority for stock prices and volumes (CQS), but a completely different authority for corporate earnings data (SEC).  For futures and options data the only authority is each individual exchange.  Each of these sources might have a vastly different interface to their data; some may have websites, others may have FTPs, others may have TCP datastreams to which you must subscribe, etc. Now throw in the rest of the world and all their exchanges and regulatory agencies, and you can see how it's a difficult job to gather all this information, parse it on a daily (or more frequent) basis, and check it all for errors. There are some companies (e.g. Bloomberg) whose entire business model is to do the above.  They spend tens of millions of dollars per year to support the infrastructure and manpower required to keep such a complex system working, and they charge their consumers a pretty penny in return. Do Google/Yahoo pay for Bloomberg data access just to display information that we then consume for free?  Maybe.  Maybe they pay for some less expensive reduced data set.  Or a data set that is less rigorously checked for errors. Even if they pay for the best data available, there's no guarantee that a company's last earnings report didn't have a glitch in it, or that Bloomberg's latest download from the Canadian Agency for Corporate Dividends and Moose Census-Taking didn't get cut off in the middle, or that the folks at Yahoo built a robust system that can handle a particular file's not arriving on time.  Bloomberg has dozens or even hundreds of employees focused on just this one task; Yahoo probably has 5. Moral: If you really need the best available data you must go to the source(s), or you must pay a provider to whom you can then complain when something is wrong.  With free data you get what you pay for.
ACA has market stabilizing mechanisms like cost-sharing reduction subsidies.  Republicans have been blocking that in recently, causing many insurance companies to pull out of some states.  I imagine repeal will just be a continuation of that until there is less competition and insurance companies make higher margins to offset the risk of unprofitable quarters.  So maybe they make more money because of higher margins or maybe they don't because they lose subsidies.
"Your question does not say this explicitly, but I assume that you were once a W-2 employee.  Each paycheck a certain amount was withheld from your check to pay income, social security, and medicare taxes.  Just because you did not receive that amount of money earned does not mean it was immediately sent to the IRS.  While I am not all that savvy on payroll procedures, I recall an article that indicated some companies only send in withheld taxes every quarter, much like you are doing now.  They get a short term interest free loan.  For example taxes withheld by a w-2 employee in the later months of the year may not be provided to the IRS until 15 January of the next year.   You are correct in assuming that if you make 100K as a W-2 you will probably pay less in taxes than someone who is 100K self employed with 5K in expenses.  However there are many factors.  Provided you properly fill out a 1040ES, and pay the correct amount of quarterly payments, you will almost never owe taxes.  In fact my experience has been the forms will probably allow you to receive a refund.  Tax laws can change and one thing the form did not include last year was the .9% Medicare surcharge for high income earners catching some by surprise.    As far as what you pay into is indicative of the games the politicians play.  It all just goes into a big old bucket of money, and more is spent by congress than what is in the bucket.  The notion of a ""social security lockbox"" is pure politics/fantasy as well as the notion of medicare and social security taxes.  The latter were created to make the actual income tax rate more palatable.     I'd recommend getting your taxes done as early as possible come 1 January 2017.  While you may not have all the needed info, you could firm up an estimate by 15 Jan and modify the amount for your last estimated payment.  Complete the taxes when all stuff comes in and even if you owe an amount you have time to save for anything additional.  Keep in mind, between 1 Jan 17 and 15 Apr 17 you will earn and presumably save money to use towards taxes.  You can always ""rob"" from that money to pay any owed tax for 2016 and make it up later. All that is to say you will be golden because you are showing concern and planning.  When you hear horror stories of IRS dealings it is most often that people spent the money that should have been sent to the IRS."
The purpose of this spammy Motley Fool video ad is to sell their paid newsletter products.  Although the beginning of the video promises to tell you this secret trick for obtaining additional Social Security payments, it fails to do so.  (Luckily, I found a transcript of the video, so I didn't have to watch it.) What they are talking about is the Social Security File and Suspend strategy.  Under this strategy, one spouse files for social security benefits early (say age 66).  This allows the other spouse to claim spousal benefits.  Immediately after that is claimed, the first spouse suspends his social security benefits, allowing them to grow until age 70, but the other spouse is allowed to continue to receive spousal benefits.   Congress has ended this loophole, and it will no longer be available after May 1, 2016.
I think the Saudi stake in Twitter has something to do with this.  Edit  Downvote me all you want. It doesn't make Prince Alaweed bin Talal own any less of Twitter.  In 2015 his stake was valued at $1 billion and there's no doubt that number has only gone up over the last two years.  http://fortune.com/2015/10/07/saudi-prince-twitter-stock/  Saudi Prince Alaweed bin Talal remains one of the largest and most important Twitter shareholders.  https://www.recode.net/2016/8/11/12417064/twitter-stock-ownership-takeover-acquisition-challenges
Did you not see the top response to you about how the banks are actually AGAINST this bill and Dodd's subsequent repeal? Also many of the bank shares like JPM and GS (which don't have other unrelated issues) are well above '07 highs
"With the scenario that you laid out (ie. 5% and 10% loans), it makes no sense at all. The problem is, when you're in trouble the rates are never 5% or 10%. Getting behind on credit cards sucks and is really hard to recover from. The problem with multiple accounts is that as the banks tack on fees and raise your interest rate to the default rate (usually 30%) when you give them any excuse (late payment, over the limit, etc). The banks will also cut your credit lines as you make payments, making it more likely that you will bump over the limit and be back in ""default"" status. One payment, even at a slightly higher rate is preferable when you're deep in the hole because you can actually pay enough to hit principal. If you have assets like a house, you'll get a much better rate as well. In a scenario where you're paying 22-25% interest, your minimum payment will be $150-200 a month, and that is mostly interest and penalty. ""One big loan"" will usually result in a smaller payment, and you don't end up in a situation where the banks are jockeying for position so they get paid first. The danger of consolidation is that you'll stop triggering defaults and keep making your payments, so your credit score will improve. Then the vultures will start circling and offering you more credit cards. EDIT: Mea Culpa.  I wrote this based on experiences of close friends whom I've helped out over the years, not realizing how the law changed in 2009.  Back around 2004, a single late payment would trigger universal default on most cards, jacking all rates up to 30% and slashing credit lines, resulting in over the limit and other fees. Credit card banks generally apply payments (in order, to interest on penalties, penalties, interest on principal, principal) in a way that makes it very difficult to pay down principal for people deep in debt. They would also offer ""payment plans"" to entice you to pay Bank B vs. Bank A, which would trigger overlimit fees from Bank A. Another change is that minimum payments were generally 2% of statement balance, which often didn't cover the monthly finance charge. The new law changed that, resulting in a payment of 1% of balance + accrued interest. Under the old regime, consolidation made it less likely that various circumstances would trigger default, and gave the struggling debtor one throat to choke. With the new rules, there are definitely a smaller number of scenarios where consolidation actually makes sense."
I think the surface is a very cool machine in that it combines a lot of features from different devices: touch screen and portability of a tablet, specs and operating system of a laptop, and the on screen stylus of a Wacom cintiq. I think they messed up by dropping Wacom for the Surface 3, and that may have turned more than a few artists away from the device. I like the idea of it, even if the execution is still a little lacking.
There are 2 trades involved - keep in mind that the function of the CIO is to hedge out the banks risk from a very high level. Credit and interest rate risk should come to mind since what does a bank do (for the most part)? Loan money.   Trade #1 - The bank is long corporate debt, that's no secret, so they're always exposed to a high amount of macro economic risk. So the CIO hedged this initially by taking a bearish stance on junk bonds. This is somewhat narrow, but still reasonable.   Trade #2 - What you'd call a second order hedge in an attempt to offset the overly bearish but still embarrassingly narrow position in trade #1. All on the Markit CDX IG 9 (Investment Grade Series 9 10yr), Mr Iksil sold CDS tranches out to 2017 and bought to 2012.   So, the books were flat (with a slight optimistic edge) through 2012, and bullish on the economy out to 2017.   Unfortunately, credit markets didn't exactly take off. The economy stayed volatile, and Bruno had to keep digging deeper into the trade, selling back year tranches to buy front the front years. This eventually wonked spreads out so badly that everyone who cared caught on and, when JPM decided the time had come to take their losses, hedge funds started picking them off on the unwinds.
The two really aren't easily comparable - you have to look at cost of living.  sdg's calculations account for provincial and federal taxes in Canada, but elide state taxes in the US.  There's also sales taxes, which are usually higher in Canada, and property taxes, which tend to be higher in the US (from my experience).  You also have to include health insurance into your calculations, since that expense is included in your taxes in Canada.
Here's the reality: Facebook was forced into an IPO because of stupid federal regulations.  They would have happily continued to stay closely held and raked in money while maintaining their mystique.  If there is any problem, start at the root.
"This is basically the short-term/long-term savings question in another form: savings that you hope are long-term but which may turn short-term very suddenly. You can never completely eliminate the risk of being forced to draw on long term savings during a period when the market is doing Something Unpleasant that would force you to take a loss (or right before it does Something Pleasant that you'd like to be fully invested during). You can only pick the degree of risk that you're willing to accept, balancing that hazard of forced sales against the lower-but-more-certain returns you'd get from a money market or equivalent. I'm considered a moderately aggressive investor -- which doesn't mean I'm pushing the boundaries on what I'm buying (not by a long shot!), but which does mean I'm willing to keep more of my money in the market and I'm more likely to hold or buy into a dip than to sell off to try to minimize losses. That level of risk-tolerance also means I'm willing to maintain a ready-cash pool which is sufficient to handle expected emergencies (order of $10K), and not become overly paranoid about lost opportunity value if it turns out that I need to pull a few thou out of the investments. I've got decent health insurance, which helps reduce that risk. I'm also not particularly paranoid about the money. On my current track, I should be able to maintain my current lifestyle ""forever"" without ever touching the principal, as long as inflation and returns remain vaguely reasonable. Having to hit the account for a larger emergency at an Inconvenient Time wouldn't be likely to hurt me too much -- delaying retirement for a year or two, perhaps. It's just money. Emergencies are one of the things it's for. I try not to be stupid about it, but I also try not to stress about it more than I must."
Most likely your accounting is cash basis, not accrual, so it's pretty tough to do unless you resort to the dodgy methods discussed so often by the tax avoidance enthusiasts.  There is a difference between a CPA service and a tax lawyer, perhaps you need to know one of the latter.
A rough estimate of the money you'd need to take a position in a single stock would be: In the case of your Walmart example, the current share price is 76.39, so assuming your commission is $7, and you'd like to buy, say, 3 shares, then it would cost approximately (76.39 * 3) + 7 = $236.17. Remember that the quoted price usually refers to 100-share lots, and your broker may charge you a higher commission or other fees to purchase an odd lot (less than 100 shares, usually).  I say that the equation above gives an approximate minimum because  However, I second the comments of others that if you're looking to invest a small amount in the stock market, a low cost mutual fund or ETF, specifically an index fund, is a safer and potentially cheaper option than purchasing individual stocks.
&gt;  it was no longer free to deliver that sort of content  It's not free.  Content providers pay for the right to access the network, just like you or I.  Their bandwidth (**not** usage) needs are greater, and they therefore pay a notably larger monthly bill than most individuals.    But it's not free.
Body painting is always popular and is a great choice for keeping the kids entertained at your next birthday party or event. Let us amaze them with sparkly fairies, scary tigers, and beautiful butterflies. We Love Face Painting is known for providing the most efficient services of body paint in Melbourne, there can be no better choice than We Love Face Painting. Call - 0400 042 612 for more information!
The jobs in the economy is (generally) fixed -- there are just so many good jobs and so many bad jobs.  If someone manages to move from a bad to a good job, they must displace someone who had that good job.  At the end of the day we will still need dishwashers and security guards.  If you better educate children, you're going to get smarter people who are dishwashers and security guards.
**Volume-weighted average price**  In finance, volume-weighted average price (VWAP) is the ratio of the value traded to total volume traded over a particular time horizon (usually one day). It is a measure of the average price at which a stock is traded over the trading horizon.  VWAP is often used as a trading benchmark by investors who aim to be as passive as possible in their execution. Many pension funds, and some mutual funds, fall into this category.  ***  ^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/finance/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^] ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24
If that's the case I hope continues and is more articulate about he is proposing.   Maybe I'm just a cynic but I see CEOs and Governors and Congressmen as all cut from the same cloth.   They paint a beautiful picture that everyone loves and they build support by that.  For businessmen, this is the top job.  For politicians, that support winning the election.   How and whether they can deliver on the dream is always irrelevant.  The supporters don't wise up until years later.
It is only wise to invest in what you understand (ala Warren Buffet style). Depending on how much money you have, you might see fit to consult a good independent financial advisor instead of seeking advice from this website. A famous quote goes: “Those who say, do not know. Those who know, do not say”
**Very Misleading** redditor title: nothing in the article talks about the 'industry at risk'. Here's what it *does* state:  &gt;But there is tremendous variation in an individual’s response [to various diet plans].    Some might gain the weight back, some might not, but nothing in the article states that the 'industry' is 'at risk'. [UPDATE: this article is like sound-bite heaven. You could probably make a dozen different redditor submissions from the sensationalist style that the article writer uses]
What drives me insane is when UPS leaves a package on my porch without even knocking. Every single time they come, the guy places it on my porch and leaves while I am right inside. Sometimes I won't notice it for 3 hours, while the other day I didn't find it until the next morning.  It would take 3 seconds to knock!
Companies in their earliest stages will likely not have profits but do have the potential for profits.  Thus, there can be those that choose to invest in companies that require capital to stay in business that have the potential to make money. Venture Capital would be the concept here that goes along with John Bensin's points that would be useful background material.  For years, Amazon.com lost money particularly for its first 6 years though it has survived and taken off at times.
I don't understand why the gaming industry has never embraced the concept of the Summer Blockbuster.   Everyone knows only shit games come out in summer. Even big name games that come out in summer are sure to be the ones that couldn't compete during the holidays.
Well, holy shit better sell everything.  Here's the same guy saying this in 2013: http://www.moneynews.com/Economy/Levy-economy-recession-debt/2013/08/07/id/519172/  Then in 2012: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QICgObHj4dg  And he was saying this in 2010: http://demandsideblog.blogspot.com/2010/07/double-dip-week-david-levy.html  Eventually he will be right, but you know it's just not that impressive.  Tired of my more doom and gloom investor friends sending me links to this guy.
"You really don't think 7 trillion dollars is huge?    BTW, There was no "" insane spending uptick"".  The budget deficit numbers for the Bush years are meaningless, because the wars were ""off budget"".  Use [Debt to the penny](http://www.treasurydirect.gov/NP/BPDLogin?application=np) to run the numbers.   Bush added 1,438,236,760,982.61 to the debt in his last 12 months.  Call it 1.43 trillion."
"It completely depends on what type of work you intend to do. Are you intending to run/setup your own business? Or stay with your current employer, but work from home instead of going to the office? If thats the case, then yes it is a good idea, since you will save on commuting costs amongst other things If you are asking about working from home under one of those ""work from home piecework"" schemes, I would be wary. Many of them require you do an insane amount of piecework, for literally peanuts, so it might not be worth the effort (since you could earn 2, 3x as much in a supermarket shift of the same duration)"
So why are large US companies privy to the language but large US consumer or civil liberties groups not?  For example, analysts at Cisco, IBM, Intel, and HP have access to the text of the TPP and can make comments to guide policy decisions that will go into the treaty[1], but I don't believe the EFF has had access except for leaks[2].  So, where's my advocate in the negotiations?  Why should I believe the negotiators have my best interests at heart?  Even if the treaty comes back as something generally positive, it's going to be tilted in such a way that those with a spot at the table come out ahead whereas Congress' only option is just 'take it or leave it'.  By extension of my representation in Congress (and even that's kind of weak given the current state of US politics), that's my only option as well.  [1] http://www.flushthetpp.org/tpp-corporate-insiders/   [2] https://www.eff.org/issues/tpp
Better for r/personalfinance . But having some exposure to the real estate industry, you are most likely over priced. Although you say that market is slow where you are, if you desperately need the money, you may have to sell at a bit of a loss.
"&gt; Just as we are seeing the repercussion's of Obamas 8 years now.  What repercussions? Economy is doing pretty damn good.  &gt; Some of it I agree with but I don't think Trump will make the ""american century"" obsolete.  I am pretty sure if we bad mouth our friends, piss off our Allies and emboldened our adversaries, the America Century will come to an end real quick. Plus, if Trump pushes isolationism, doesn't that mean he is trying to end the American Century? What is the point of an American Century if we don't come to the defense of our Allies and protect the world order?  &gt; That is a vast overstatement with very little evidence to back it up.  Ask any economist what they say about getting ride of trade or going back to the days of protectionism. You won't find any economists that say stifling trade is good for the economy."
I ate a McDonald's burger about a month ago for the first time since I was a kid. I'll tell you, if that's your standard for a real meat burger, there are definitely vegetarian products that could fool you into thinking they were real meat. Quite frankly, I'm pretty positive that McDonald's could sub out the burger patty for a soy based substitute tomorrow and no one would ever notice.
I sold my house and had been in the market looking for a replacement house for over 6 months after I sold it. I found someone willing to give me a short term, 3 month lease, with a month to month after that, at an equitable rate, as renters were scarcer than buyers.By the time I found a house, there were bidding wars as surplus had declined (can be caused seasonally), and it was quite difficult to get my new house. However, appraisers help this to a degree because whatever the seller wants, is not necessarily what they get, even if you offer it. I offered $10k over asking just to get picked out of the large group bidding on the house. Once the appraisal came in at $10k below my offer, I was able to buy the house at what I expected. Of course I had to be prepared if it came in higher, but I did my homework and knew pretty much what the house was worth. The mortgage is the same as the lease I had, the house is only 10 years' old and has a 1 year warranty on large items that could go wrong. In the 3 months I've been in the house, I have gained nearly $8k in equity....and will have a tax writeoff of about $19,000 off an income off a salary of $72,000, giving me taxable income of $53,000... making by tax liability go down about $4600. If I am claiming 0 dependents I will get back about $5,000 this year versus breaking even.
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/AskEconomics using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskEconomics/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!**  \#1: [As an economic system, why does capitalism require constant growth?](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskEconomics/comments/5e3qc5/as_an_economic_system_why_does_capitalism_require/)   \#2: [Is there even one economist in here that thinks Trump's protectionist agenda will result in welfare gains for the American people?](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskEconomics/comments/5p5lpe/is_there_even_one_economist_in_here_that_thinks/)   \#3: [/r/memenomics posts aside, is Ben Bernanke really a hero? Did the Fed save us from something much worse during the recession? How bad would it have been if the Fed acted as poorly and lamely as it did before/during the Great Depression?](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskEconomics/comments/5ijtls/rmemenomics_posts_aside_is_ben_bernanke_really_a/)  ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)
"Read ""Stop Acting Rich"" by Dr Thomas Stanley. I'm concerned that even before you've earned your first paycheck you want a flashy car. $4800/yr on $63K/yr income is just about half what I'd recommend to someone who starts working. 10% is the minimum, if and only if, the employer matches 5, for a total 15% saved. Do it in a pretax account and when you go back to grad school convert to Roth."
"&gt;  and that is what's uncalled for.  I think folks aren't reading this right. It's not ""you voted for Trump, which I disagree with.""  Look at how a large swath of America views President Trump, and of more importance here - how a large number of folks view his supporters.   Over 2/3 of Americans polled don't trust President Trump and think poorly of people that support him.   If you follow the line of reasoning, you can get to ""anyone who supported Donald Trump is not acting rationally."" In that light, it would mean believing that someone who supports Donald Trump is doing so based on naked, unthinking politics instead of a rational evaluation of his policies and past history.   In other words, Reed Hastings looks at ""voting for Trump"" as a sanity test, and this person (who not only voted for him, but advertised his doing so, loudly and proudly) does not have the kind of judgement he wants in a board member."
"An LLC is overkill for 99% of 1 man small businesses. Side-businesses should remain as sole proprieterships until they get much larger and need the benefits of the LLC laws. You can still bill through a company name if you want to start building a brand: And set aside 25% of your gross income for Uncle Sam. He wants you to file a Schedule C with your regular 1040 at tax time. He doesn't care about your company. He just wants your social security number with a big fat check stuck to it. Be sure to maximize your tax savings by tracking your expenses like a hawk. Every mile is worth 50 cents. I recommend using a tracking system like the TaxMinimiser.com (buy the $4 version to see if you like it). Bottom line: EARN MONEY. Don't set up a ""corporation""."
"I wouldn't go quite that far.    It's dreadfully formatted, and not brilliantly written, I'll give you that.  I'd guess it's written by someone who believes they they have a flair for storytelling and the dramatic, and writes as they would talk.  Assume Amy Hoy is a slightly melodramatic awkward gal soliloquizing at you, and this all seems a little more tolerable.    But I find her points somewhat solid.    I think she's presenting from a ideological standpoint where safety and security are paramount, and the risk associated with startups is ""too much risk.""  But I think the point thats he's making about the poisonous rhetoric associated with ""glorious death"" and ""working for a startup"" being very similar is well thought out and quite an interesting perspective.  I go to a school whose idea of ""business"" is ""entrepreneurship.""  I left their business program because my career goals simply cannot be sustained by entrepreneurship until a very long while into my career, and I found the ""here's how to have a startup"" focus of the bulk of the courses essentially valueless to me where I am now.    Having seen what the author refers to as the ""hagiography"" of successful startups (great word, by-the-by), I cannot help but recount those courses and the ways we were sold on this ideology.    Much was made about how much money was made by successful startups.  Much was made of the independence, the power, the *glory*, of winning the startup lotto and making it big.  The guys that did it young were revered and lauded as the greatest of our generation.    No mention was made of the failures.  No mention was made of the failure rate.  No mention was made of the costs associated with failure.  No mention was made of the people who got fucked as these entrepreneurial saints made their fortunes.    Further, the ones that got the most attention were the ones who went back and did it a few more times.  Anyone clever, who won big and cashed out and quit while ahead was mentioned as a success, but their retirement or cashing out went unmentioned.  Some sort of shameful detail, maybe.    The guys that won big and went back and tried again were praised for their determination and vigor.  If they set themselves back to square one betting on an unsuccessful attempt, that was unmentioned.    VCs were praised as the greatest thing that happened to entrepreneurship.  We were given no real warnings about ""hey, those contracts can be kinda shady sometimes"" or ""they want a *big* cut, yo."" Instead, they were the grease to our machine.  It was a money making machine.  A machine of winners.  Of the great men and women of our generation.  Of everything that is good about western society.    And we are letting our generation down if we don't play.    Seriously.    I had a prof tear a strip off a kid for asking something along the lines of ""but what's wrong with working for a company that already exists and can pay a steady wage?""  The prof got started in on how our generation is listless coasters and just fall into things and accomplish little on our own.  He moved into how it's merely riding someone else's coattails and it's not really achieving anything for yourself.  The tl;dr of what was a fifteen minute in-class excoriation of a student who asked what I thought was a reasonable question was ""If you're not signing your own paycheques, you are a huge failure and are contributing nothing of note to society or it's progress.""    This particular rant pretty much sealed my withdrawal from the business aspect of my school.  If my very goals render me a huge failure in my profs' eyes, I'm not interested in what they have to say or in contributing to their employment at the university.    But off that somewhat-personal tangent, the culture of ""glory of the startup"" that Amy Hoy somewhat ineloquently complains about in her article certainly exists.  In the form she's complaining about.    Your rebuttal makes sense too - it's not that VC are or aren't a risk, it's not that people don't have the right and the opportunity to take that risk if they see it as a valid opportunity to make money, it's not like it's fair to expect a VC to fund you without seeing a profit in the long run.    But you're rebutting her thesis with something that doesn't actually address it.    The culture that she's complaining about exists, in my experience. The culture glosses over so much of what you rebutted her article with, that risks exist and that failures exist and that there are a lot of harsh realities associated with the startup world.  The culture does, indeed, glorify all the best parts of startup-dom and creates a toughness challenge that renders ""no, this may not be a good idea"" unfalsifiable because failure are personal while successes are cultural.   Successful startups and people who have done very well by them are held up as everything startups are supposed to be and look at how their hard work paid off - and if yours doesn't work, it is entirely that you didn't work hard enough.  Someone who has bought in wholesale holds that there are no ""bad"" startups - any startup can be successful, you just need to bust balls working harder if you fail.    Startups are akin to gambling.  They're not the roulette of ""it's all luck,"" but closer to five card stud - skill plays a lot of a role, but there's still luck involved.    Startup culture represents all this as far closer to Texas Hold 'Em, where luck in minimized, where skill and diligence play the greatest role.  It assumes that everyone going in already knows all the things you brought up in your rebuttal, without ever actually giving them that information.  It keeps pimping ""just work harder"" without really saying ""Hey, guys - check the odds you're playing with **and know when to hold and when to fold**."""
This is focused on communication rather than the decision process.  Communication is flat but decisions can follow a structure.    Many managers out there force employees to follow the structure.  Musk is right, that is self-serving.    This is an awesome memo.  I've worked in places that needed that memo printed on every door.
"We cannot know if you owe them anything. But at the least I would expect that they don't just say ""you owe us"" but ""we found out that we were supposed to pay you $X, but we paid you $Y which is more"", and then we can go from there.  There are things like ""we should have paid you $12.20 per hour for the last year, but we paid you $12.50 per hour"", where you can tell them that by paying you that rate, you assumed it was correct one, you wouldn't have worked for less, so they effectively gave you a raise. On the other hand, if they say ""you worked here for 38 hours a week, but we paid you for 40 hours a week"", and you did indeed work only 38 hours, then most likely they are correct."
Linksys Smart Wi-Fi routers can be easily setup through the setup wizard provided by the Linksys Company. This is designed for the ease of the users. If you still having issues or do not know how to setup the router using setup wizard. Get in touch for help.
"Possible but very unlikely. Money market funds invest in high grade liquid assets and the primary goal is not to lose money. I have not been able to find an example of a Vanguard money market fund ever ""breaking the buck"" and having the value of a share go below a dollar. It is possible that this could happen in the event of a large scale financial collapse, but even then I would call it possible rather than likely."
eSalesData can get sales teams and marketing departments directly in touch with the honchos that run the architecture industry. Our information banks are packed with contact information that pertains to everyone from the biggest to the tiniest of architecture establishments and will, without a doubt, help you reach your exact target market.
The product type and transaction direction are not linked.  When you short sell a stock, you are still dealing with shares of an equity security.  When you take delivery of a bond, you are buying that bond and holding a long position even though it's a debt security.
&gt; a device with a microphone on all the time in their house  You mean like your phone? Which also has video, gps, your credit card info, personal identity, known contacts, etc? Yeah I'm sure Alexa is the tipping point.
People talking the impact of manufacturing costs on the final price are completely missing the point of how this industry works.  Nobody needs a goddamn mechanical movement to keep time. You can do a better job digitally for pennies.  These watches are status symbols. High prices are the *whole point*.
Yes traders, living or algorithmic, are the only direct factors that can cause a change in the price of a marketable item. Traders can be affected by news, broken exchanges ;), emotional cycles, lunar cycles, time the trader goes to lunch (or a power cycle if you are an algo running on that unfortunate OS), anything.
exactly...and this isn't even just theory...we have hard examples of higher tax rates NOT translating into higher tax receipts:  While we had crazy top income rates in the past per this: http://t-a-x.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/1.png  we saw that didn't translate at all into higher actual $ receive by the govt: https://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/mt/assets/business/taxrevenuepercentGDP.png
I thought it was interesting they would ignore it because it makes them look complicit. I doubt Republicans will agree to subpoena DB, so we'll never know. .   Also, could anyone explain the mirror trades a big more in depth?
Whenever an article like this pops up people love to point out the fact people may not have much in savings because savings accounts are effectively stagnant money. However, that many people with &lt;$1,000 certainly means it's because they don't really have any money to begin with, and not that it's invested elsewhere, right?
Let's look at some of your options: In a savings account, your $40,000 might be earning maybe 0.5%, if you are lucky.  In a year, you'll have earned $200.  On the plus side, you'll have your $40,000 easily accessible to you to pay for moving, closing costs on your new house, etc. If you apply it to your mortgage, you are effectively saving the interest on the amount for the life of the loan.  Let's say that the interest rate on your mortgage is 4%.  If you were staying in the house long-term, this interest would be compounded, but since you are only going to be there for 1 year, this move will save you $1600 in interest this year, which means that when you sell the house and pay off this mortgage, you'll have $1600 extra in your pocket. You said that you don't like to dabble in stocks.  I wouldn't recommend investing in individual stocks anyway.  A stock mutual fund, however, is a great option for investing, but only as a long-term investment.  You should be able to beat your 4% mortgage, but only over the long term.  If you want to have the $40,000 available to you in a year, don't invest in a mutual fund now. I would lean toward option #2, applying the money to the mortgage.  However, there are some other considerations: Do you have any other debts, maybe a car loan, student loan, or a credit card balance?  If so, I would forget everything else and put everything toward one or more of these loans first. Do you have an emergency fund in place, or is this $40,000 all of the cash that you have available to you?  One rule of thumb is that you have 3 to 6 months of expenses set aside in a safe, easily accessible account ready to go if something comes up.   Are you saving for retirement?  If you don't already have retirement savings in place and are adding to it regularly, some of this cash would be a great start to a Roth IRA or something like that, invested in a stock mutual fund. If you are already debt free except for this mortgage, you might want to do some of each: Keep $10,000 in a savings account for an emergency fund (if you don't already have an emergency fund), put $5,000 in a Roth IRA (if you aren't already contributing a satisfactory amount to a retirement account), and apply the rest toward your mortgage.
Time value of money means it's a no brainer: if it doesn't cost you anything extra (ie. Interest) then you pay over time.  You must pay it. It is not optional. You won't be able to fight it and win. Someone paid taxes in your behalf and you are obligated to reimburse them. Not paying is a great way to trigger a foreclosure. You will be considered in default of your mortgage if you do not pay them.
"If the person has prepared (""put your affairs in order"") then they will have a will and an executor. And this executor will have a list of the life insurance policies and will contact the companies to arrange payouts to the beneficiaries. It's not really the beneficiary's job to do that. If the person hasn't made a list of their policies, but has a will and an executor, then the executor can try things like looking at recently paid bills (you're sending $100 a month to ""Friendly Life Insurance Company""? Bet it's a life insurance policy) or paperwork that is in the person's home or their safety deposit boxes. Even if you don't have the key to those boxes, a copy of the will and the death certificate will get the box drilled out for you. If you don't know what bank they might have SD boxes at, again your paperwork will get the manager to find out for you if there is a box at that particular branch, so a day spent visiting branches can be fruitful. (Something I know from personal experience with someone whose affairs were nowhere near in order.) Generally you find out you're a beneficiary of a will because the executor tells you. I suppose it's possible that a person might name you beneficiary of their life insurance without telling you or anyone else, and without writing a will, but it's pretty unlikely. If you're worried, I suggest you encourage your parents, grandparents, and other likely namers of you to write up some paperwork and keep it somewhere family is likely to find it. (Not hidden inside a book on a bookcase or in the back of the wool cupboard.)"
The real, short-term effect is that prices will go up a bit, have no effect on the amount of actual travel, and the government(s) that impose this tax will rake in more money to waste.  This is what the governments actually want, but CO2 emissions is a good way to sell it.  The long-term effect is that people will be just a bit more, on the margin, likely to avoid interacting with the European economy, which sucks for everyone.
If they bring cash, meet at your bank to verify. If they want to use cashiers check, meet them at their bank. Large amounts use wires directly to your acct and verify (not only received, but deposited) before handing over the title/keys.
As you said, the next generation will be cheaper and more efficient. Same for the generation after that. From a financial standpoint, there isn't a steadfast theory that supports when to buy the technology. It comes down to primarily personal issues.  As far as I know, Musk's claims about the cost were relating to a traditional slate roof, not a traditional asphalt shingle roof. I can't recall if he explicitly said one way or the other, but I have yet to see any math that supports a comparison to asphalt shingles. If you look at all of the demos and marketing material, it's comparisons to various styles of tile roofing, which is already more expensive than asphalt shingles.  Do you feel it's worth it to invest now, or do you think it would be more worth it to invest later when the costs are lower? A new roof will last 10-20 years (if not longer...I'm not a roof expert). Do you need a new roof yet? Are your electricity bills high enough that the cost of going solar will offset it enough? Can you sell unused power back to your power company? I could go on, but I think you get the point. It's entirely a personal decision, and not one that will have a definitive answer. If you keep waiting to make a purchase because you're worried that the next generation will be cheaper and more efficient, then you're never going to make the purchase.
I think people are tiring of the 200 TV mega chain bars and prefer something a bit smaller and locally owned. I know I do, and it seems the sales trends back that up. Locally owned non-chain restaurants (mom and pops) are doing well right now.
From your viewpoint you paying the dealer directly is better. You know that the check went to the dealer, and was used to purchase a car.  If you give the check to your friend they may say I can't find the car I want this week, so I will purchase it next week but first let me by groceries and a new suit. I will replace the funds after my next paycheck. Next thing you know they are still short of funds. This might not happen, but it could. From your friends viewpoint getting a check from you allows them to potentially keep your part of the transaction out of view of the dealer/lender. In a mortgage situation the lender will take a look at your bank account to make sure there isn't a hidden loan, but I am not sure they do when they are approving a car loan. What you want to avoid is being a co-signer for the loan. As a co-signer you will be responsible for all payments; and missed payments will hurt your credit score.
"One thing I would like to clear up here is that Black Scholes is just a model that makes some assumptions about the dynamics of the underlying + a few other things and with some rather complicated math, out pops the Black Scholes formula. Black Scholes gives you the ""real"" price under the assumptions of the model. Your definition of what a ""real"" price entails will depend on what assumptions you make. With that being said, Black Scholes is popular for pricing European options because of the simplicity and speed of using an analytic formula as opposed to having a more complex model that can only be evaluated using a numerical method, as DumbCoder mentioned (should note that, for many other types of derivative contracts, e.g. American or Bermudan style exercise, the Black Scholes analytic formula is not appropriate). The other important thing to note here is that the market does not necessarily need to agree with the assumptions made in the Black Scholes model (and they most certainly do not) to use it. If you look at implied vols for a set of options which have the same expiration but differing strike prices, you may find that the implied vols for each contract differ and this information is telling you to what degree the traders in the market for those contracts disagree with the lognormal distribution assumption made by Black Scholes. Implied vol is generally the thing to look at when determining cheapness/expensiveness of an option contract. With all that being said, what I'm assuming you are interested in is either called a ""delta-gamma approximation"" or more generally ""Greek/sensitivities based profit and loss attribution"" (in case you wanted to Google some more about it). Here is an example that is relevant to your question. Let's say we had the following European call contract: Popping this in to BS formula gives you a premium of $4.01, delta of 0.3891 and gamma of 0.0217. Let's say you bought it, and the price of the stock immediately moves to 55 and nothing else changes, re-evaluating with the BS formula gives ~6.23. Whereas using a delta-gamma approximation gives: The actual math doesn't work out exactly and that is due to the fact that there are higher order Greeks than gamma but as you can see here clearly they do not have much of an impact considering a 10% move in the underlying is almost entirely explained by delta and gamma."
&gt; Honestly, I think this open access to the stock market whereby anyone can be a 'trader' is a terrible thing.  Really? Could you please elaborate? Do you think it's a flaw in the stock market system itself or in peoples' financial education?
The results are generated by our one-of-a-kind system within seconds of submitting the completed online questionnaire. These results are then delivered to the company representative’s inbox so that they can be distributed freely for the company’s decision makers to peruse and act upon.
No, remittances are a current account.   Capital/financial accounts are “investments”. Current account is transactional. So if I take out a loan from a Spanish bank in Latin America, the principal of the loan is recorded as a capital flow but the interest income is a current account flow.   If I make a dollar here and send it to a family member in Mexico, that’s considered a current account flow.   The BPM6 manual from the IMF has the updated information on BOP accounting. It was updated in like 2013, I believe. It’s quite technical and dull but if you’re really curious it’s a 300+ page guide on the intricate details.
I understand you are trying to remain neutral here, as any cautious person should be. However, facts are facts, and to falsely blame both sides when it is quantifiably provable that one side is primarily to blame only punishes the less guilty party and rewards the party creating the worst situation.  Yes, there is a bit of momentum that carries over from one president to the next. For instance, Clinton left a booming economy and a budgetary surplus to W Bush, who left the Great Recession, 2 unfunded wars, and massive tax cuts (mostly for the rich) to Obama.   Overall however, the article (and [the study it cites](http://www.princeton.edu/~mwatson/papers/Presidents_Blinder_Watson_July2014.pdf)) actually address this point. It is important to recognize that.
Dwolla looks to be a great option. But it requires users to have an account there (Free to sign up). And there rates are absolutely amazing.  Free for transactions under $10 $0.25 to receive money on transactions over $10
You need receipts only if you claim deductions in the itemized deductions section based on them. You itemize deductions only if your claims exceed the standard deduction (which for a single person was $5,800 last year). Even then, you need receipts for everything only if you claim sales tax as the deduction (you have to buy really a lot to pass $5K with sales tax...). I would expect people to pay more in state income taxes than sales taxes (you can claim either this or that, not both). For food - there are no taxes (at least here in California), so nothing to deduct anyway. In any case, you can always scan your receipts and keep them in the computer, for just in case, but IMHO it's waste of time, pixels and gigabytes. Here's a question which deals with the same issue, read the answers there as well.
No, it makes no sense.   The US national debt is different from other debt on TWO KEY WAYS : 1.) The national debt is not money we owe to our government IT IS MONEY WE OWE TO OURSELVES. 2.) If the GNP of our country can grow at a rate equal to or greater than the national debt interest, then the figure of national debt has no bearing on anything. So a more philanthropic endeavor would be to help grow the economy.
solidcopy, my point was that during the 4 transitions listed above, people had the same fears as you do today. What would all the horse workers do? What would the whaling industry do? That would the secretarial industry do? What would the switch board operating industry do? Society as a whole has benefitted.    1. With cars, you can now travel faster and longer than a horse and its much cleaner.   2. With incandescent light bulbs, you now have better lighting and you don't have to kill whales for it.   3. With computers, you have the ability to communicate with people from all over the world and our productivity, entertainment, and lives are better than ever.   4. With automatic telephone switch boxes, long distance calls now cost nothing when we used to be charged upwards of 10 dollars a minute.    All those people eventually found other jobs. There isn't a society of unemployed horse people, whaling people, secretaries, or switch box operators. They were all able to transition.
So there's no extra money from your employer if you contribute extra to your 403(b)? My answer will be a bit different than most others, but I'd recommend not paying another dime into your 403(b).  Pay your taxes now, and be done with them. Retirement saving does not need to be in a tax-deferred or tax-free account. Rent vs. buy is another question.  Buy from a distressed seller at a heavy discount.  You have time.  Don't panic or rush in.
This looks pretty good. Do you use their payroll software at all? Currently I am using Gusto and it is pretty automatic with some nice integrations (time tracking software, etc.).  It sounds like if you can accomplish everything with Wave's platform it is a really good option.
Look at Price/book value and there are more than a few stocks that may have a P/B under 1 so this does happen. There are at least a couple of other factors you aren't considering here: Current liabilities - How much money is the company losing each quarter that may cause it to sell repeatedly. If the company is burning through $100 million/quarter that asset is only going to keep the lights on for another 2.5 years so consider what assumptions you make about the company's cash flow here. The asset itself - Is the price really fixed or could it be flexible? Could the asset seen as being worth $1 billion today be worth much less in another year or two? As an example, suppose the asset was a building and then real estate values drop by 40% in that area. Now, what was worth $1 billion may now be worth only $600 million. As something of a final note, you don't state where the $100 million went that the company received as if that was burned for operations, now the company's position on the asset is $900 million as it only holds a 90% stake though I'd argue my 2 previous points are really worth noting. The Following 6 Stocks Are Trading At or Below 0.5 x Book Value–Sep 2013 has a half dozen examples of how this is possible. If the $100 million was used to pay off debt, then the company doesn't have that cash and thus its assets are reduced by the cash that is gone. Depending on what the plant is producing the value may or may not stay where it is. If you want an example to consider, how would you price automobile plants these days? If the company experiences a reduction in demand, the plant may have to be sold off at a reduced price for a cynic's view here.
"What do you think Keynes recommended?  He's got a bad rap in the US, I think unfairly.  Also, you seem to be implying that Keynes was part of the Chicago School, which given the fact that the Chicago School has a history of rejecting Keynesianism and that it postdates Keynes' death seems a little unfair.  Here's a quote from Keynes that often surprises Keynes-haters:  &gt; By a continuing process of inflation, governments can confiscate, secretly and unobserved, an important part of the wealth of their citizens. By this method they not only confiscate, but they confiscate arbitrarily; and, while the process impoverishes many, it actually enriches some.... &gt; &gt;Those to whom the system brings windfalls, beyond their deserts and even beyond their expectations or desires, become ""profiteers,"" who are the object of the hatred of the bourgeoisie, whom the inflationism has impoverished, not less than of the proletariat. As the inflation proceeds and the real value of the currency fluctuates wildly from month to month, all permanent relations between debtors and creditors, which form the ultimate foundation of capitalism, become so utterly disordered as to be almost meaningless; and the process of wealth-getting degenerates into a gamble and a lottery. &gt; &gt; *The Economic Consequences of the Peace*"
A parking lot is someone else's property. They get to decide whether you can park a mobile home or equivalent, and can demand you remove it at any time. Similarly, permission to charge an electric car us not permission to use power for anything else.  And health codes will be applied to your housing, as will zoning laws, as will... Without permission you are just begging for trouble. With permission (which may involve paying rent for the space and paying for utilities) you're still likely to find this much more complicated, difficult, and expensive than it appears.
You lose your agent services. When my wife wrecked our car 3 years ago our agent took care of everything.  He got us a rental car, made the arrangements to get it fixed, checked in to see how we were doing, and even helped us set up a second opinion on my wifes wrist surgery.  The accident was ruled the fault of the uninsured driver who decided to take off through the red light.  But our insurance was the one that covered it all total expenses over 80k.  We would have had to eat most of those with out full coverage.   Most everything was set up (our rental car, estimates on repair, even her inital consutation with the surgeon) before the investigator had filed her report. Our agents first question was is everyone ok. His second was what can i do to help? He never asked us what happened and was always ahead of our needs in dealing with it.   If these things are not important to you, you can probably save quite a bit of money self insuring.  But if you are in an accident and unable to do them yourself, do you have someone to do it for you?  Do you trust them to handle your business and are you willing to saddle them with the responsibility of dealing with it?  To me insurance is less about me and more about my family.  It was nice that my agent did all of that for me.  I would have been willing to do it myself though.  But I am glad to know he is there for my wife if something happens to me.
voip reseller Voip Business Become a reseller or card seller i have good quality mobile dialer and pc2phone reseller available.zonefone, 1legcall, fonefamily,cool dialer, trivigo dialer, talk dialer, new voiz,TaTa voiz, 24 dialer, web dialer, kwickcannect dialer, klaamclear dialer, fring and nimbuzz sip dialer. Rates&gt;&gt;&gt; BD silver 01———————– 0.0196$ BD gold 0880 ——- 0.0185$ BD IGW ——- 0.0365$ BD WHITE PREMIUM 00880—-0.0357$ INDIA 91 LAND——————— 0.0142$ INDIA 919 MOBILE—————– 0.0112$ INDIA 9194 BSNL—————– 0.0143$ PAKISTAN92———————— 0.0253$ PAKISTAN MOBILE923————0.0162$  For more countries call rate please contact with us.  Thanks and Regards Masum salestalkdialer@gmail.com mobiledialer788@yahoo.com Mobile: 08801711062213, 8801673706969
Good food isn't *that* difficult of a target to hit.  Around here, you're going to spend a good $15 (including tax and tip) for what is essentially a microwaved cheeseburger.  Not much different from the $3 microwave cheeseburger in the freezer at the supermarket.  Why pay an extra $12?
In my experiences most hedge funds won't have a benchmark in their mandate and are evaluated based upon absolute returns.  Their benchmarks are generally cash + x basis points.  So, no attribution and no IR.  No experience at all with CTA's though, so not sure how things are there.
"Hm, I took it as ""Ingratiate yourself, build up a history, then when no one's suspecting STRIKE with your marketing/advertising posts.""   It's actually not bad advice and I'm sure many here do it. I'm not a fan of it being done for profit, it's just going to lead lower quality comments and posts.  I think they could have replaced the infographic with ""Understand How Memes Work"" and achieved the same result."
A combination of the following: Shareholders pushing for larger and larger returns. Combining with Nixon opening China and the rise of foreign manufacturing. On top of this, the decline of unions and support of unions in the US. Over time, American consumers have been conditioned to buy the cheapest item. They'll sell out a competing item for pennies.   Now we live in a globalized world, so to bring back American labor, we probably have to make it competitive with cheap foreign when all costs are calculated (logistics, training, wages, etc). In China, many of the big factories are run like clockwork, with the workers living in dorms and away from their families.   If we try and legislate a solution with tax cuts for onshoring jobs and penalties to offshore, we'll probably see repercussions from China.
Are you looking for one of the ways to satiate your hunting adventure? We at Colorado Private Ranches can dole out an absolutely pleasurable experience. We offer unguided DIY Elk and Deer hunting and lodging facilities with the complete assurance of begetting a thrilling adventure. http://www.coloradoprivateranches.com/about.html
From everything I have read I still cannot be convinced of Whole Life Insurance Good!  You have a brain! but it seems to be the first thing any financial advisor is trained to sell. The commissions on whole life are sick.  The selling agent gets upward of 90% of your first year's premium.  I imagine that the regional and district managers split the remaining 10%, but that is speculation.  This is why there is typically a 15 year surrender charge on whole life.  The LI company is not getting any of the money! You may want to reevaluate any financial adviser that promotes whole life.  If it was me, I would fire them the moment the words came out of their mouth.
I am a US citizen and I want to transfer some amount 10 lakhs+ to my brother from my NRE account in India to his account. My brother is going to purchase something for his business. He is going to return my amount after 3-4 Months From the description it looks like you would like to loan to your brother on repatriation basis. Yes this is allowed. See the RBI Guide here and here for more details. There are some conditions; (iv) Scheme for raising loans from NRIs on repatriation basis   Borrowings not exceeding US$ 2,50,000 or its equivalent in foreign exchange by an individual resident in India from his close relatives resident outside India, subject to the conditions that - a) the loan is free of interest;   b) the minimum maturity period of   the loan is seven years;   c) The amount of loan is received by inward   remittance in free foreign exchange through normal banking channels or   by debit to the NRE/FCNR account of the non-resident lender;    d) The   loan is utilised for the borrower's personal purposes or for carrying   on his normal business activity but not for carrying on   agricultural/plantation activities, purchase of immovable property or   shares/debentures/bonds issued by companies in India or for   re-lending. Although it is mentioned as Seven years, this is revised to one year. Since he cannot deposit into my NRE account I guess he has to deposit it into my NRO account. A repatriate-able loan as above can be deposited into NRE Account. Is there any illegality here doing such transaction? No. Please ensure proper paper work to show this as loan and document the money trail. Also once I get my money in NRO account do I need to pay taxes in India on the money he deposited? This question does not arise.
I believe it is so.  It doesn't sound like they did anything outright illegal, just a pushy upsell.  You can complain to the bank manager.  If you want you can mention the employee by name (if you know who they are).  Ultimately, you can change banks.  From what you say it sounds like you are dissatisfied with this bank, so I think you should at least begin evaluating other banks and consider switching.  You can also let your current bank know you are planning to take all your money away from them specifically because of their poor customer service. You could consider filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau alleging that the bank engaged in some kind of deceptive marketing of their financial products.  Of course you can also file a complaint with something like the Better Business Bureau, or even just write a negative Yelp review.  But these actions won't really result in any penalty for the bank as a result of what they did in your specific case; they just express your dissatisfaction in a way that will be recorded and possibly made public (e.g., in a list of complaints) to protect future consumers. If you're really gung-ho and have time and money to burn, you could hire a lawyer and get legal advice about whether it is possible to sue the bank for fraud or misuse of your personal information.  Needless to say, I think this would be overkill for this situation.  I would just cancel the credit card, tell the bank you're dissatisfied, switch banks, and move on.
Yes, Jeff is in for the compensation, and during his years at GE, despite all the good marketing efforts he did about HIMSELF, GE did not do so well, albeit, did not do terrible either.  He's not such a genius.  Read more [here](https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-06-12/a-better-way-to-measure-jeff-immelt-s-performance)
You should see all the albums I have in a drawer at home not bringing me any joy whatsoever.  I'm 48 years old and I've been using a digital streaming source for most of my listening pleasure for the last 10 years.
A common rule of thumb is the 28/36 ratio. It's described here. In your case, with a gross (?) salary of £50,000, that means that you should spend no more than 28% of it, or £1,167 per month on housing. You may be able to swing a bit more because you have no debts and a modest amount in your savings. The 36% part comes in as the amount you can spend servicing all your debt, including mortgage. In your case, based on a gross (?) salary of £50,000, that'd be £1,500 per month. Again, that is to cover your housing costs and any additional debt you are servicing. So, you need to figure out how much you could bring in through rent to make up the rest. As at least one other person has commented, the rule of thumb is that your mortgage should be no more than 2.5 - 3 times your income. I personally think you are not a good candidate for a mortgage of the size you are discussing. That said, I no longer live in England. If you could feel fairly secure getting someone to pay you enough in rent to bring down your total mortgage and loan repayment amounts to £1,500 or so a month, you may want to consider it. Remember, though, that it may not always be easy to find renters.
Buy them a physical stock certificate... you can request them from a broker, or buy through a company like http://www.oneshare.com. Other options:
"To the best of my knowledge the UK's online banking systems look purely at the Sort Code and Account Number when routing transfers.  The name is not cross-checked to ensure it matches. This is why it's so easy to misdirect transfers if you make an error entering the numbers and inadvertently enter the details for a valid account belonging to the wrong person. So in your case so long as you're sure you have the correct account number and sort code it doesn't matter what you put in the name field - it'll end up in the account to which those numbers apply.  Of course you might as well put your ""best guess"" into the name field since it doesn't hurt, and in the event that something does go wrong it's backup evidence of your intentions."
A desktop application that has the same features (although as already stated, nothing will be identical but if you are looking for functionality then certainly there will be) and pretty simple to use was Microsoft Money, however, Microsoft stopped supporting it with newer versions and while the existing versions will work, I still use mine, there will be no future updates. I like the interface, its simple to use and has all the features you want. They abandoned it in favor of Intuit's Quicken but personally I am not a fan of the Quicken interface. They still had a more extensive and probably too much for the average user application called Office Accounting, but they abandoned future updates and supports on that in favor of Intuit's Quickbooks. Again, I am not a fan of the interface but they are very feature rich including invoicing and payroll, again overkill for the average user. They still have the Small Business Accounting in the form of Microsoft Dynamics, but that is utterly overkill for personal use. I generally don't trust online or cloud based accounting solutions like Mint or even Quicken online because I don't trust my information security to some third party without knowing how they are securing it and what will happen to me if/when they are leaked due to breach. So I like to keep everything local to myself and that's a good move for you, you should do that. It seems at the moment the market standard without much competition is Quicken for personal use and Quickbooks for small business. I would recommend you start with Quicken and if your needs increase in the future, you can easily transfer into Quickbooks to scale up as they are fully compatible with each other. Check it out here and compare their products to see what works best for your needs.
For a deep in the money, it almost makes no difference because the intrinsic value, the price of the option, is seldom far above the liquidation value, the price of the underlying less the strike price. For an at the money, ceteris paribus, an early exercise would immediately cut the value of the option to 0; however, life is not so simple as JB King has shown. Purely theoretically, for an at or near the money option, an early exercise will be an instantaneous cost because the value after exercise is less than the previously trading or implied option price.
A stipend received for the specific purposes of studies is not taxable. It is not clear from your question as to whether there are any strings attached to the money you receive. If its not for specific purpose, then its taxable as income and tax need to be paid accordingly. Please consult a CA and he can go through the specifics of your case.
Why has no one reported on the declining market share of whole foods? Walmart was able to strategically target their customer and go after them. You'll never hear Walmart say this, but I secretly think they are celebrating this acquisition.
Also, cash doesn't necessarily mean cash in the bank, like you or I would think of. It means cash-convertible (usually bonds) that can be sold or turned into cash within three months period (but usually can be done within a few weeks).  But like you said, they are probably making more money by keeping it in their current investments. Plus, interest rates are at the lowest they will ever be, and GE is practically borrowing money for free.   Quite smart, actually.
How bad would maxing out my credit card once a year affect my score is a related discussion. You shouldn't be using 20%, but rather keep the monthly statement below 20%. If the credit lines add to $5000, charging gas and paying in full each month will help your score (obviously, I assume you don't pay more than $1000/mo for gas). Letting the balance go unpaid month to month means you are paying interest. Probably 18% or more. This is bad.
"Highlights from Bill Browder's Senate Judiciary Testimony:  &gt;Russia has a well-known reputation for corruption; unfortunately, I discovered that it was far worse than many had thought.  &gt;When Putin was first elected in 2000, he found that the oligarchs had misappropriated much of the president’s power as well. They stole power from him while stealing money from my investors.  &gt;**in July 2003 ... Putin arrested Russia’s biggest oligarch and richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky.** After Khodorkovsky’s conviction, the other oligarchs went to Putin and asked him what they needed to do to avoid sitting in the same cage as Khodorkovsky. From what followed, **it appeared that Putin’s answer was, “Fifty percent.” He wasn’t saying 50 percent for the Russian government or the presidential administration of Russia, but 50 percent for Vladimir Putin personally. From that moment on, Putin became the biggest oligarch in Russia and the richest man in the world**  &amp;nbsp; &gt;**Over 25 Interior Ministry officials barged into my Moscow office and the office of the American law firm that represented me. The officials seized all the corporate documents connected to the investment holding companies of the funds that I advised. I didn’t know the purpose of these raids so I hired the smartest Russian lawyer I knew, a 35-year-old named Sergei Magnitsky.** I asked Sergei to investigate the purpose of the raids and try to stop whatever illegal plans these officials had.  &gt;Sergei went out and investigated. **He came back with the most astounding conclusion of corporate identity theft: The documents seized by the Interior Ministry were used to fraudulently re-register our Russian investment holding companies to a man named Viktor Markelova known criminal convicted of manslaughter. After more digging, Sergei discovered that the stolen companies were used by the perpetrators to misappropriate $230 million of taxes that our companies had paid to the Russian government in the previous year.**  &amp;nbsp; &gt;As I thought about it, the murder of Sergei Magnitsky was done to cover up the theft of $230 million from the Russian Treasury. I knew that the people who stole that money wouldn’t keep it in Russia. As easily as they stole the money, it could be stolen from them. These people keep their ill-gotten gains in the West, where property rights and rule of law exist. This led to the idea of freezing their assets and banning their visas here in the West.  &gt;**In 2010, I traveled to Washington and told Sergei Magnitsky’s story to Senators Benjamin Cardin and John McCain. They were both shocked and appalled and proposed a new piece of legislation called The Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act.**  &gt;Despite the White House’s desire to reset relations with Russia at the time, this case shined a bright light on the criminality and impunity of the Putin regime and persuaded Congress that something needed to be done. **In November 2012 the Magnitsky Act passed the House of Representatives by 364 to 43 votes and later the Senate 92 to 4 votes. On December 14, 2012, President Obama signed the Sergei Magnitsky Act into law.**  &gt;**Putin was furious. Looking for ways to retaliate against American interests, he settled on the most sadistic and evil option of all: banning the adoption of Russian orphans by American families.**  &amp;nbsp; &gt;**since 2012 it’s emerged that Vladimir Putin was a beneficiary of the stolen $230 million that Sergei Magnitsky exposed.**  &gt;**I estimate that he has accumulated $200 billion of ill-gotten gains from these types of operations over his 17 years in power.** He keeps his money in the West and all of his money in the West is potentially exposed to asset freezes and confiscation. **Therefore, he has a significant and very personal interest in finding a way to get rid of the Magnitsky sanctions.**  &gt;**The second reason why Putin reacted so badly to the passage of the Magnitsky Act is that it destroys the promise of impunity he’s given to all of his corrupt officials.**  &gt;**There are approximately ten thousand officials in Russia working for Putin who are given instructions to kill, torture, kidnap, extort money from people, and seize their property. Before the Magnitsky Act, Putin could guarantee them impunity and this system of illegal wealth accumulation worked smoothly.** However, after the passage of the Magnitsky Act, Putin’s guarantee disappeared. **The Magnitsky Act created real consequences outside of Russia and this created a real problem for Putin and his system of kleptocracy.**  &amp;nbsp; &gt; One of the most shocking attempts took place in the spring and summer of last year when a group of Russians went on a lobbying campaign in Washington to try to repeal the Magnitsky Act by changing the narrative of what had happened to Sergei.  &gt;**Who was this group of Russians acting on behalf of the Russian state? Two men named Pyotr and Denis Katsyv, a woman named Natalia Veselnitskaya**, and a large group of American lobbyists, all of whom are described below.  &amp;nbsp; &gt;**Her first step was to set up a fake NGO that would ostensibly promote Russian adoptions, although it quickly became clear that the NGO’s sole purpose was to repeal the Magnitsky Act. This NGO was called the Human Rights Accountability Global Initiative Foundation (HRAGI).**  &gt;**Through HRAGI, Rinat Akhmetshin, a former Soviet intelligence officer naturalised as an American citizen, was hired to lead the Magnitsky repeal effort.**  &amp;nbsp; &gt;**Veselnitskaya also instructed U.S. law firm Baker Hostetler and their Washington, D.C.-based partner Marc Cymrot to lobby members of Congress to support an amendment taking Sergei Magnitsky’s name off the Global Magnitsky Act. Mr. Cymrot was in contact with Paul Behrends, a congressional staffer on the House Foreign Affairs Committee at the time, as part of the anti-Magnitsky lobbying campaign.**  &gt;**Veselnitskaya, through Baker Hostetler, hired Glenn Simpson of the firm Fusion GPS to conduct a smear campaign against me and Sergei Magnitsky in advance of congressional hearings on the Global Magnitsky Act.**  &amp;nbsp; &gt;As part of Veselnitskaya’s lobbying, a former Wall Street Journal reporter, Chris Cooper of the Potomac Group, was hired to organize the Washington, D.C.-based premiere of a fake documentary about Sergei Magnitsky and myself. This was one the best examples of Putin’s propaganda.  &amp;nbsp; &gt;**On June 13, 2016, they funded a major event at the Newseum to show their fake documentary, inviting representatives of Congress and the State Department to attend.**  &gt;**While they were conducting these operations in Washington, D.C., at no time did they indicate that they were acting on behalf of Russian government interests, nor did they file disclosures under the Foreign Agent Registration Act.**  **Cherry On Top:**  **From Trump's Interview with The New York Times.**  &gt;""The meal was going toward dessert,"" Trump said. ""I went down just to say hello to Melania, and while I was there I said hello to Putin. Really, pleasantries more than anything else. It was not a long conversation, but it was, you know, could be 15 minutes. Just talked about things. **Actually, it was very interesting, we talked about adoption.""**"
"I recently needed to compute a better balance that let us pick and choose what to include in the computed sum without losing information, so I revisited this topic and I'm pleased to say that I've found a solution that works (at least for our data - you may have transactions that this code doesn't recognize, but you can always modify it to match). My solution was written natively for MS SQL Server 2008 or later, it uses a scalar UDF, a VIEW, and a windowed aggregate (SUM OVER (ORDER BY ...) which means it should be almost-syntax compatible with PostgreSQL. MySQL does not support OVER but you can perform a running-sum using a variable with arithmetic addition directly in the SELECT clause. Create a database table with this schema (feel free to exclude columns you're not interested in, such as Option1Name): Create a UNIQUE index on TxnId - you could use it as a primary-key, I suppose. You might be tempted to create a Foreign-Key relationship between ReferenceTxnId and TxnId, however this will fail if you enforce it: we have many transactions where ReferenceTxnId points to a Transaction that doesn't exist. This is usually in the case of [Type] = 'Web Accept Payment Received' AND [Status] = 'Canceled'. We also have some TransactionId values longer than 17 characters: some TransactionIds start with ""U-"" - all pending money requests, I suspect this indicates the transaction is ""unfinished"". Re-download your entire PayPal History CSV files so that you have the latest retroactive updates. Import these CSV files into this PayPalHistory table. Do a simple test to see how bad PayPal's default data is: To find out where the differences are coming from, run this query: (The ORDER BY (...), RowId is to ensure consistent ordering when multiple transactions share the same timestamp) As you scroll through the results, you'll see how the naive SUM is thrown-off from the official PayPal-computed Balance column. So as you can see, the Net column value cannot always be trusted - what we need is to generate our own ""EffectiveNet"" value which is accurate - that is, the value is 0.00 for rows which do not affect the balance, instead of being what they are right now. The problem is, given a single row of data (such as any single row from the example table in my original Question) we have no way of inherently knowing what its ""EffectiveNet"" is. I have devised two functions to help solve this problem, the first function only looks at the ReferenceTxnId, Type and Status column values and generates accurate values for the vast majority of rows - indeed, in our dataset we only had one row for which this approach did not work. I recommend you try this one first and compare the running-sum value to ensure it works for your data: You can use this function in the query like so below, hopefully it should give you an accurate running-sum and balance figure at the end: 8. And here's the view that ties it all together: Used like so: I hope this helps anyone else wanting to do accurate bookkeeping with PayPal Transaction History files!"
"Currencies that are pegged or fixed require that foreign currencies are held by the central issuer at a proportional amount. This is analogous to having a portfolio of currencies that the central bank issues shares from - in the form of its own currency. We will continue with this analogy, if the central bank says these ""shares"" are worth $1, but the underlying components of the portfolio are worth $0.80 and decreasing, then it is expensive for the central bank to maintain its peg, and eventually they will have to disregard the peg as people start questioning the central bank's solvency. (People will know the $1 they hold is not really worth what the central bank says it is, because of the price changes people experience in buying goods and services, especially when it comes to imports. Shadow economies will also trade using a currency more reflective of labor, which happens no matter what the government's punishments are for doing so). Swiss National Bank (central bank) did this in early 2015, as it experienced volatility in the Euro which it had previously been trying to keep it's currency pegged to. It became too expensive for it to keep this peg on its own. The central bank can devalue its currency by adjusting the proportions of the reserve, such as selling a lot of foreign currency X, buying more of currency Y. They can and do take losses doing this. (Swiss National Bank is maintaining a large loss) They can also flood their economy with more of their currency, diluting the value of each individual 1 dollar equivalent. This is done by issuing bonds or monetizing goods and services from the private sector in exchange for bonds. People colloquially call this ""printing money"" but it is a misnomer in this day and age where printers are not relevant tools. The good and service goes onto the central bank's balance book, and the company/entity that provided the service now has a bond on its book which can be immediately sold to someone else for cash (another reading is that the bond is as good as cash). The bond didn't previously exist until the central bank said it did, and central banks can infinitely exchange goods and services for bonds. Bond monetization (also called Quantitative Easing) is practiced by the Federal Reserve in the United States, Bank of Japan, European Central Bank and now the Central Bank of the Republic of China"
"This has been my technique for negotiating salary for a new job. I simply tell the company/recruiter, ""I don't negotiate. Give me an offer. If I like it, I'll take it. If I don't, I'll leave, no hard feelings, and look for another job. No second chances, no back and forth.""  Has worked -very- well for me."
First of all a big thumbs up for Ben's answer.   A few small things you can do to help you on your way.  Hopefully you are not more in debt that 6 months of salary in debt because that is a really tough road. first thing you need to do is get some professional help. The National Foundation for Credit Counseling (NFCC) offers free or low-cost debt counseling to help you through the process. Visit them at NFCC.org or call 1-800-388-2227 to find a local affiliate office near you. You might want to only use cash for a while. If not and you have a credit card with no balance always use that card because it will be interest free.  Remember if you use credit cards as a payment system and not credit, you actually get free interest.  If you roll even a penny over into the next statement you are paying interest day one of each purchase. Pay credit cards with highest interest rate first an pay minimums to others This one I like the best.  As you get money pay your credit card.  You interest is being compounded daily.  Pay your cards when you have money, not when they are due.   Have a mindset that reminds how much something is really going to cost you If you plan on taking 3 years to get out of debt and you buy something for $100 that is really costs you $156.08 Three years of compound 16% interest.   5b. Conversely if you sell something for $100 on eBay that is like selling something for $156.08.
&gt; however I'm not familiar with MSRs, but I expect there to be trade offs as well. nothing is perfect  Nothing is perfect, but some things are *drastically better* than other things. For example, recycling Aluminum compared to throwing it out and mining new Aluminum. Full fuel cycle fuel-in-liquid nuclear reactors look like they're an even better deal than that.
I would put this money to a high-interest savings account. It will not earn you too much, but it will save it from inflation.
It's not mostly individually damaging, unfortunately. As the obese spend more on health insurance claims, we as the entire health insurance policy holders pay the price with higher premiums, since no health insurance company will pay that difference out of their pockets. With that said, instead of a ban, I'd rather see a soda tax, similar to cigarette taxes. You drink more, you pay more so when you start looking for health care related to your obesity, at least you contributed to a fund that can benefit everyone.
A major reason that I can think of is financial security. Most people have reoccurring costs such as housing, car, medical expenses. If you were to put all you money into dept, and live from check to check, than you could be increasing risk of financial loss. Think about what would happen if one were to default on their mortgage? Risk management plays a huge role in personal finance, and a way of preventing financial loss is to have enough money in an accessible place to pay reoccurring costs in the event that ones situation changes unexpectedly.
There are multiple ETFs which inversely track the common indices, though many of these are leveraged.  For example, SDS tracks approximately -200% of the S&P 500.  (Note: due to how these are structured, they are only suitable for very short term investments) You can also consider using Put options for the various indices as well.  For example, you could buy a Put for the SPY out a year or so to give you some fairly cheap insurance (assuming it's a small part of your portfolio). One other option is to invest against the market volatility.  As the market makes sudden swings, the volatility goes up; this tends to be true more when it falls than when it rises.  One way of invesing in market volatility is to trade options against the VIX.
There generally isn't much in the way of real identity verification, at least in the US and online.  The protection you get is that with most credit cards you can report your card stolen (within some amount of time) and the fraudulent charges dropped. The merchant is the one that usually ends up paying for it if it gets charged back so it's usually in the merchant's best interest to do verification.  However the cost of doing so (inconvenience to the customer, or if it's an impulse buy, giving them more time to change their mind, etc) is often greater than the occasional fraudulent charge so they usually don't do too much about it unless they're in a business where it's a frequent problem.
When you take the tourist to buy tickets, show them where and which one to buy. I didn't like how my tuk Tuk driver just sat there and pointed to where I had to go.  Explain to tourist what the price ranges are for a tour guide. I wouldn't recommend a specific tour guide because we all hate being coerced into paying people services, we will think you are all one big business.l and we don't like that!   Tripadvisor and business cards is a great idea.
Your best course of action is to gather your paperwork, ask around your personal network for a recommendation for a good CPA, and pay that person to do your taxes (business and personal).  Read through the completed package and have them walk you through every item you do not understand.  I would continue doing this until you feel confident that you can file for yourself.  Even then, the first couple of times I did my own, I'd pay them to review my work.  Assuming you find a CPA with reasonable fees, they will likely point out tax inefficiencies in the way you do your business which will more than pay for their fees.   It can be like a point of honor for CPAs to ensure that their customers get their money's worth in this way.  (Not saying all CPAs work this way, but to me, this would be a criteria for one that I would recommend.)
No.just give your social security number and contact info, that's all that's needed.
"In the Income Statement that you've linked to, look for the line labeled ""Net Income"". That's followed by a line labeled ""Preferred Dividends"", which is followed by ""Income Available to Common Excl. Extra Items"" and ""Income Available to Common Incl. Extra Items"". Those last two are the ones to look at. The key is that these lines reflect income minus dividends paid to preferred stockholders (of which there are none here), and that's income that's available to ordinary shareholders, i.e., ""earnings for the common stock""."
Over time, fees are a killer. The $65k is a lot of money, of course, but I'd like to know the fees involved. Are you doubling from 1 to 2%? if so, I'd rethink this. Diversification adds value, I agree, but 2%/yr?  A very low cost S&P fund will be about .10%, others may go a bit higher. There's little magic in creating the target allocation, no two companies are going to be exactly the same, just in the general ballpark. I'd encourage you to get an idea of what makes sense, and go DIY. I agree 2% slices of some sectors don't add much, don't get carried away with this.
&gt; That's just false. Burning wood is definitely less efficient, but overall poor people release less carbon that wealthy nations.  OK, do you have a source? My understanding is that due to their much greater numbers, the poor actually contribute more CO2 than do the rich.
Generally speaking, if you have significant revenue outside the US, then you're better off incorporating out of the US. The US has significantly higher corporate tax rates, and taxes on worldwide income not just revenue in the US. Setting up in an offshore country would have no corporate tax but would cost about $1000 a year in fees.   For any non-US company, your US partner would need to file a 5471 form with his US personal tax which reports the company's finances. That costs about $1000 a year for an accountant to prepare. So you still need accounting on the company, even if you are not paying corporate tax.  Setting up the company is reasonably easy, you just use a broker. The bank account may be more difficult but they can help with that too.  You may find that your optimal personal tax strategy and your US partner's strategy are different. For example, if your partner is living overseas, then they are not taxed on salary in the US, but are taxed on dividends. So they would prefer to take any money out of the company as salary, resulting in no corporate profits. You, on the other hand, might prefer dividends.
"&gt;""We expect to have a small U.S. income tax liability for 2010,"" GE chief spokesman Gary Sheffer told us. How big is small? GE declined to say. The number is unlikely to ever be disclosed unless GE goes public with it, or is forced to do so.  Again, not a billion dollars. Unfortunately I am not skilled enough in accounting to be able to decipher that spreadsheet but I do appreciate your providing so many links, I didn't notice them earlier. Still, I find no evidence that GE is any more likely to have paid a billion dollars in taxes than a nickel."
I guess. I just think it's stupid to think there's no difference between a corporation and it's owners. Once an organization of any kind reaches a certain size it becomes bigger than any shareholders, and consumes different types of public goods than any individual would. Kleenex uses different public goods than if all the shareholders just owned paper mills and paper stores in local towns, so it has a different kind of public contribution obligation.  I understand that principle that corporate income and dividends are theoretically the same thing, so shouldn't be taxed twice. I get the concept. But it just seems like another excuse to shift more income to people who own, rather than people who work. I support more money going to people who work for a living, not invest.
Since you are not starting with a lot of cash the commissions may eat into your account. So go with somebody that has no inactivity fee and low/free commission. I think there are number of sites and the ING sharebuilder.com comes to mind. Scottrade also one of the cheaper ones that i used.
And where does that spending by the government usually end up? Right back into the economy. Putting that tax money into the hands of the wealthy means they will do what they do best - hoard it. If you have an economy that's built on a certain amount of spending by the government, then cut that off because you decrease the government's cash flow, then you have to have an equal response in terms of spending. Kansas showed that most wealthy people do not spend the money they get to keep from lower taxes. That in turn causes a strain on the economy and you end up with both fiscal woes at the state level and economic woes for businesses and individuals. That's what happened in Kansas and that's what will happen at the federal level if these tax cuts are enacted. This is fine for the wealthy - they win in this scenario. But they are the only ones who do. Instead, the tax cuts should be focused on the lower and middle classes who will actually go out and spend that money. But, as written, these tax cuts disproportionately favor the wealthy, who will not spend to help individuals and small businesses.
Charterholder here...it might help you get into industry..it might not. There are no guarantees and the exams are demanding. You have to really commit to learning the material.   Networking and presentation skills (interviewing) will always be the primary factor in where you can get hired.
The only professional designations for people allowed to provide tax advice are Attorney, EA or CPA. Attorney and CPA must be licensed in the State they practice in, EA's are licensed by the Federal government. Tax preparers are not allowed to provide any tax advice, unless they hold any of these designations. They are only allowed to prepare your tax forms for you. So no, tax preparer is not a solution. Yes, you need to talk to a tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State, you probably don't need a tax attorney). You should do that before you start earning money - so that you can plan properly and understand what expenses you can incur and how they're handled with regards to your future income tax payments. You might also want to consider a bookkeeping service (many EA/CPA offices offer the bookkeeping as well). But that you can also do yourself, not all that complicated if you don't have tons of transactions and accounts.
"The current tax regime?  Not sure if you are being serious or facetious, but:  [US Citizens and Resident Aliens Abroad - Filing Requirements](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/us-citizens-and-resident-aliens-abroad-filing-requirements)  &gt;If you are a U.S. citizen or resident alien living or traveling outside the United States, **you generally are required to file income tax returns, estate tax returns, and gift tax returns and pay estimated tax in the same way as those residing in the United States.**  In contrast, corporations don't pay taxes on profits earned abroad until repatriation [here](http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/14/news/economy/corporate-taxes-inversion/index.html), [here](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/09/business/economy/corporate-tax-report.html), [here](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2016-apple-profits/).  So guess what they NEVER do?  This is why literally every large US multi-national corporate ""person"" pays next to nothing in taxes.  It is quite obvious that this is a violation of the spirit if not the letter of tax law.    That simple fix would wipe out massive amounts of government debt and force multi-national corporations and their shareholders to become engaged stake holders in the efficiency of government.  But if, unlike W-2 paid human counterparts, you can dodge all taxation, ""Who cares if the government is using funds efficiently?""  That is incentive to actually game the system to force the government into wasteful spending because the subsequent fallout of increased taxation and/or failure of the state can be dodged without consequence."
"after 30 years, you'd have a million dollar house vs a quarter million dollar house. You've captured three quarters of a million dollars in rent, given my napkin math hypothetical. As I figure the math, a 250,000 house appreciating to a million dollar house in 30 years requires a sustained ~4.9% appreciation every year--seems unrealistic. The historical rate of inflation, on average, has been closer to 3-3.5%; a 3% appreciation would give a final value of $589k.  This also doesn't taken into account the idea that you may have bought a property during a housing bubble, and so then you wouldn't get 3% year-over-year returns. But also, in terms of ""capturing rent"", you are not factoring in necessary or possible costs that renting doesn't have:  mortgage interest and insurance, maintenance, property tax, insurance, buying and selling associated fees, and, importantly, opportunity costs (in that the money not tied up in the house could be invested elsewhere).   So it is not such a slam dunk as you make it out.  Many use the NY Times buy/rent calculator to compare renting vs. buying."
Before, you just had to make cymbals - now, you have to make cheaper, better cymbals than a 400 year old cymbal manufacturer.    Oh, and you now have to get into musical instrument stores (who might have deals already in place allowing the other company to be their sole supplier of cymbals).  And, then, when you do find someone willing to sell your small line of cymbals, you have to compete with a company who mass-produces dozens and dozens of different lines (and who can offer the store owner much better discounts and freebies than you can)...  Ask Amazon Auctions what it's like to be a second mover...
I think the first step is to be thankful that your relationship with this person has not degenerated into lawsuits and bickering.  That would greatly affect your cash flow and valuations!  It also seems that this person is open to a variety of solutions.  This truly is a gift. I see two options without taking a mortgage or fronting cash: The key here is if the 65% property already has a mortgage.  Does it have enough equity to provide 15% cash out, and cover the existing mortgage?  What is the interest rate?  Can you get a lower rate that will reduce the impact of a higher mortgage payment will have on your income?  Can you have your partner finance the 15%?   In the end there really isn't a way to divest this company without impacting your income.
/u/orbpin, the holocaust denier, doesn't understand that Jews need blood of young Arab boys in Hebron for their religious rituals.  Also, /u/orbpin, does not know that Jews always lived in Hebron, until they were all massacred by Arabs in 1929. Hebron is Jewish as Abraham bought it for 3000 silver coins about 3,500 years ago.
Speaking from experience, yes (this was 9 years ago though and may have changed due to stricter laws). I lived in London and was moving to NYC and wanted to have a functioning bank account upon arrival. I banked in London with HSBC and asked them if they could set me up. They connected me with the right people in the US and after many forms I had a fully functional US bank account with a foreign address and without having a social security number - and I was (am) just your average person. You will most likely not be able to get a credit card through them because of lack of credit history (unless you are ridiculously rich or go for a secured credit card), but a debit card should be possible.* My advice is to talk to your local bank and see if they can help you, although it will help if they operate in the US. Good luck! *I have heard from various expats that American Express may be willing to issue cards in the states based on their existing relation with clients in other countries, but I digress. If you have an Amex in Switzerland or Sweden I would recommend talking to them.
The answer to your question doesn't depend on who you trade with but what country you live in. If you live outside of the US, you will have to pay tax on dividends... sometimes. This depends on the tax treaty that your country has with the US. Canada, Australia, UK and a few other countries have favorable tax treaties with the US that allow you to not be double taxed. You must look into the tax treaty that your home country has with the US to answer the question. Each country is different.
We're mostly talking about the same thing, but if they were trying to mold people for jobs they could be more successful at it, instead of requiring general ed classes and offering majors unconnected to any possible job. The worthwhile majors they offer aren't necessarily all that well aimed at employment concerns either. Also, employers don't expect colleges to produce trained applicants, they expect other employers to do so, which is why they place such a premium on previous job experience.
The two do not imply that they are connected. The statement above states that there are plenty of people who graduated and are around 21-25. Then the next statement explains that people who graduated make 100k+ - it doesnt mean they are 21-25.....it just means they achieved two objectives at separate times.
"I don't disagree that many times psychologists can exaggerate or even present fabricated claims about human behavior only in an effort to rack in some extra money.   HOWEVER, any close to normal person can see that there are a whole lot of people with serious issues that nobody mentions to them (or they themselves are afraid to acknowledge) because they don't want to deal with all of the drama.   Anyway, let's see how legitimate the (25% of americans suffer from mental illness) claim is.    1)http://www.samhsa.gov/newsroom/advisories/1201185326.aspx   ""A new national report reveals that 45.9 million American adults aged 18 or older, or 20 percent of this age group, experienced mental illness in the past year. ""  http://www.samhsa.gov/newsroom/advisories/1201185326.aspx  2) http://wwwapps.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/the-numbers-count-mental-disorders-in-america.shtml  ""hen applied to the 2004 U.S. Census residential population estimate for ages 18 and older, this figure translates to 57.7 million people.2Even though mental disorders are widespread in the population, the main burden of illness is concentrated in a much smaller proportion — about 6 percent, or 1 in 17 — who suffer from a serious mental illness.""   ...You can find countless studies like this online.   Now, obviously somebody is thinking about pointing out, at this point, that all of these studies were conducted by psychologists or psychiatrists only trying to validate their initial claims and ultimately for economic benefit. And, well--if you that's your argument, then yes, you are absolutely right that there is absolutely no way ""prove"" that the 25% statistic is correct.   And, just to be clear, the term ""Mental Illness"" in this case(according to the above studies) is really anything from anxiety, to depression, to schizophrenia, personality disorders, and even more social things like compulsive lying. Obviously, the definition is very broad and that is precisely why the statistic(25%) is so shocking."
"One big thing you have to worry about is tax penalties and accrued interest.  You don't want $1000 to turn into $3000 because of interest. IRS does not play around when it comes to being owed money.  CPA is a certified public accountant who should be savvy enough with your local/state laws to know how much taxes  you owe.  Usually, if your taxes are simple, they charge about $100-$500 to do your taxes (you'll have to look around).   Also, I'd look around /r/personalfinance.  If I were in your shoes, I'd take the money and invest in something relatively passive so that when you do graduate college, you'll have a good amount of money to start your ""adult"" life with."
It's good that you can still use the area solar panels are placed because the space requirements will be extremely large compared to nuclear.  Recycling solar panels makes a lot of sense though.  Not saying they are a bad idea. Energy storage is a tough problem to crack though.
In the UK, the government has recently announced that Child Benefit will no longer be paid to those who earn over £44k. This means that if you currently earn £43,999, and your employer offers you a raise of £10 per annum to £44,009, then you could be over £1k worse off as a result.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-fed-trump-picks-idUSKBN18T2VE?il=0) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; The conservative picks come as Fed Chair Janet Yellen continues to slowly raise interest rates and lay out plans to shed some of the trillions of dollars of bonds bought in the wake of the financial crisis.  &gt; &amp;quot;Many market participants have been barking up the wrong tree, arguing that Trump is an easy money guy because he borrowed a lot when he was a real-estate tycoon,&amp;quot; said Stephen Stanley, Amherst Pierpont&amp;#039;s chief economist, who worked for Goodfriend when he was at the Richmond Fed.  &gt; &amp;quot;If these two nominees are eventually confirmed, the tone of the Fed Board will instantly swing to a far more hawkish tenor.""   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6f1uue/trump_makes_two_conservative_picks_for_fed_ny/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~135644 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Fed**^#1 **Goodfriend**^#2 **rate**^#3 **hike**^#4 **Trump**^#5"
"The uncertainty as I see it is around **personal** income tax rates and the **employee** portion of the SS tax. This has nothing to do with the operating costs of large businesses, right? Small businesses often have their taxes done essentially on the owner's personal return, so in those cases the personal income tax rate affects them. This article talks about large businesses who are fussing about the ""uncertainty"".   Why is this uncertainty about things like taxes treated like something new? Historically tax rates have bounced around, and in the past taxes have been higher. The SS tax cut is a very recent thing, but now that's it in place suddenly people can't imagine hiring if it goes back to what it was for many years. Also, the SS tax cut is on the employee portion, so even if it goes back the employer contribution doesn't change? WTF are they talking about?  This sounds more like silly people being confused by partisan talking points."
"I disagree. If nobody got their health insurance through their employer, then everyone would go out on the market and acquire them. This would create a more dynamic health insurance market which would, over time, drive down the cost of getting health insurance.   I don't follow your logic about how ""wages wouldn't keep up"" 10 or 20 years down the road. If anything, not having to worry about benefits in a particular job would give employees more job mobility, causing the job market to be more competitive. In other words, it would be more likely to cause wages to up.  Also, ancillary benefits of getting employers out of the health insurance/benefit dynamic would be to create more efficiencies within those businesses (reduce staff spent on coordinating plans and such), make small businesses more competitive (they are at a disadvantage now with regard to big companies with pools of employees), and get more people to acquire at least some form of insurance (health coverage goes up).  I, for one, welcome a world in which our employers have absolutely nothing to do with our benefits choices and we choose them at our own discretion, just as I do with my car insurance."
I agree 100%.   But you are both right.   Millennial tastes have changed, and there is nothing wrong with that.  But very few companies have 1200 restaurants.    And remember, they are still profitable, just not as profitable as they were.  So do you remake a profitable company or tweak things?     To my mind the entitlement comes with the comments all over that says: this is what we want, you don't provide it, you suck, you deserve to fail.   For myself, I have owned dying companies.  I had my kids in private school booking wedding bands.   DJs came along and I got out.   Went into selling video equipment that was replaced by software.   Technology is making this happen faster.   It is hard to create a successful business, harder to have to recreate every decade.
I would worry more about identity theft than your credit score at first.  I would want an explanation of how it happened and confirm that no one has used it.  I don't think it will be too big of a deal on your credit in the longer term.
My uncle successfully manages a portfolio for an investment firm in New York. I believe he works with somewhere around 2.5 billion dollars, mostly endowments from schools and other funds like that. I know that he had to work very hard to get where he is today but he's been rewarded with excellent compensation and a lot of freedom to do his job how he sees fit.
There isn't a formula like that, there is only the greed of other market participants, and you can try to predict how greedy those participants will be. If someone decided to place a sell order of 100,000 shares at $5, then you can buy an additional 100,000 shares at $5. In reality, people can infer that they might be the only ones trying to sell 100,000 shares right then, and raise the price so that they make more money. They will raise their sell order to $5.01, $5.02 or as high as they want, until people stop trying to buy their shares. It is just a non-stop auction, just like on ebay.
Opportunity cost is the term you're looking for. I.e. (quoting from link) Definition of 'Opportunity Cost'   1. The cost of an alternative that must be forgone in order to pursue a certain action. Put another way, the benefits you could have   received by taking an alternative action.
"I've got a Chevy Bolt, and can confirm that handling is much better when the weight is down low in the center. I've never driven a car like it, and it doesn't even have the ""best"" handling type of suspension.  As far as moving parts go:  Report from a teardown, comparing the Bolt to a conventional VW Golf. http://www.advantagelithium.com/_resources/pdf/UBS-Article.pdf  Powertrain findings (Bolt vs. Golf):  * Moving parts - 24 vs. 149 * Moving parts in engine - 3 vs 113 * in gearbox - 12 vs 27 * other moving parts - 9 vs 9 * Wearing parts - 11 vs 24 * Moving and wearing parts - 0 vs 6  * Total - 35 vs 167  They found the Bolt requires no maintenance or replacement of these parts over the life of the car."
They have a history of victimizing small business owners for profit. I have had personal dealings with the CEO, and he really is a bottom feeder. Seriously, he has absolutely no class.  This is just one case:  http://forums.roadbikereview.com/general-cycling-discussion/specialized-bullies-bike-shop-owner-changing-his-name-315155.html  Sinyard, the CEO, flew out and apologized to the shop owner only after the story blew up in his face and he really had no other choice.  Lots of other bike manufacturers build bikes as good as or better than Specialized. There's no reason to give them money.
"Gladwell's arguments (which this piece maybe doesn't make the best case for) aside, there *are* good reasons you specifically shouldn't hire somebody from Harvard.  For starters, the culture there holds as a quasi-religious doctrine that ""these are successful students, therefore, they must succeed,"" which leads to things like grade inflation and [widespread cheating](http://www.independent.co.uk/student/news/nearly-half-of-new-harvard-students-admit-to-cheating-8804898.html).  But apart from all that, hiring Harvard grads means you're hiring people who think [the same as everybody else](http://chronicle.com/blogs/percolator/brown-and-cornell-are-second-tier/27565), and massively exposing yourself to groupthink. You'll miss out on the competitive advantages that can come from covering a wide variety of perspectives, backgrounds, and habits of thought."
Down in the Fine Print are these points to consider for the limit: For an average daily balance up to but not exceeding $5,000.00, the interest rate for the Savings Account is 4.91% with an annual   percentage yield (APY) of 5.00%. For that portion of the average daily balance of the Savings Account that is $5,000.01, or more, the interest rate is 0.49% with an annual   percentage yield (APY) of 0.50%. The interest rates and APYs of each tier may change. The APYs were   accurate as of March 1, 2014. These are promotional rates and may   change without notice pursuant to applicable law. No minimum balance   necessary to open Savings Account or obtain the yield(s). Because   Savings Account funds are withdrawn through the Card Account (maximum   6 such transfers per calendar month), Card Account transaction fees   could reduce the interest earned on the Savings Account. Card Account   and Savings Account funds are FDIC-insured upon verification of   Cardholder's identity. For purposes of FDIC coverage limit, all funds   held on deposit by the Cardholder at BofI Federal Bank will be   aggregated up to the coverage limit, currently $250,000.00.
WIX does allow for image alt text. I have a few. Pretty sure you're right it doesn't allow for HTTPs, especially when I try to add widgets. It never works.   I'm not sure what robots.txt or canonicals are. I'll have to look that up.   I'm using WIX's SEO tools and have listed my website on around 10 directories, as well as Google Adwords which I'm setting up right now (but I'd like to not have to pay for ads and base mostly off SEO, which was kind of the starting issue here.) My main products are chokers.
I had to do the reverse. I've had a few bad experiences at home depot, so I decided to drive out further to the Lowe's where I get stellar customer service. As an IT worker though, this news really frustrates me. I guess I can't win either way.
Borrow the overpriced bond promising to repay the lender $1000 in one year.  Sell the bond immediately for $960.  Put $952.38 in the bank where the it will gain enough to be worth $1000 in one year.  You have +$7.62 immediate cash flow.  In one year repay the bond lender with the $1000 from the bank.
I'd look at Fairmark and understand where in your current bracket you fall. If you are only a bit into that 25% rate, I'd go pretax so you end the year right at that level $69K in 2011. I'd Use the 401(k) to capture any match your company offers, and then use the IRAs for the rest. It would take quite a bit saved for retirement to retire you into the 25% rate, so take advantage of that 15% while you can.
&gt; So, for every trading partner, you need a unique EDI process.  You don't have EDI operators in US? Our EDI operator accepts all the regular standard and maps them to our needs so we don't have to worry about EDI message mappings.  &gt;inbound invoices, they have to be handled differently depending on what is purchased.  In our process we ideally have PO number that we send to supplier and then we match the PO number to the invoice that supplier sends to us. All the postings come automatically from the PO from ERP.  For invoices that we can't apply the PO number process we can make automatic posting rules. Some suppliers can provide row data or we can OCR it from the invoice. Mobile phone bills are great example of that. We just make a rule that number 555-555-555 has this posting and this cost center and if the sum is less then X it will be posted automatically by that rule.  I agree that it would take a lot of time if we had to do this process in terms of the suppliers and one supplier at a time.
"Well, maybe its only something that ""Nobel laureates"" are allowed to do, amiright?   I mean even if the ""Nobel"" isn't *really* a Nobel; and then as if the Nobel really mattered at all anyway (as far as somehow ""anointing"" someone as being infallible as some ""Pope"" of a given field)."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-26/mike-novogratz-is-set-for-comeback-with-crytocurrency-hedge-fund) reduced by 92%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Novogratz will put up $150 million of his own money and plans to raise $350 million more by January, mainly from family offices, wealthy individuals and fellow hedge fund managers, said a person familiar with his plans.  &gt; For Novogratz, 52, the fund marks a comeback to professional money management after humbling losses at Fortress and almost two years of self-imposed exile from Wall Street.  &gt; With a $500 million hedge fund, Novogratz will be able to capture trading opportunities that require more scale, as well as wield influence with developers, entrepreneurs and regulators.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/72ofsc/mike_novogratz_is_forming_a_500mil_crypto_hedge/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~217166 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Novogratz**^#1 **fund**^#2 **trade**^#3 **bitcoin**^#4 **way**^#5"
Subsidizing helps both the little and the big guy.  So why is the big guy still able to beat down the competition that tries to form against him?  How is Comcast able to stop competition while also being allowed to provide poor service at bad prices?  Subsidies ease his loss, but don’t enable his legal power to crush us.
You do not need to file 1099-MISC to yourself if you're running as a sole proprietor - you are yourself. However, you do not deduct this amount from your business income and report it as royalties either. Your self-published book is your business income subject to SE tax. You can only deduct the actual costs of producing/writing, and the remaining amount is your Schedule C income.
You cannot directly transfer money from your Bank Account.   You can use Debit Card to make payments to your paypal account. Just enter the details of the payment and amount, it would make the necessary deduction from your debit card.   Indian regulations do not allow you to store value in your paypal account. This credits have to be transfered to a Bank account.
I quit contracting years ago and moved on to working in investment banking.   And the other 11 series are even worse. I gave you the benefit of the doubt. So I'd ask again, why do you think that your skillset is in excess of the tens of thousands of guys that have gone through the two premier PSC's, the countless more who have moved through various SOF groups over the last three decades, the thousands that do protection ops for OGA, all of the police officers who have protection experience...
ChrisW's comment may appear flippant, but it illustrates (albeit too briefly) an important fact - there are aspects of investing that begin to look exactly like gambling. In fact, there are expressions which overlap - Game Theory, often used to describe investing behavior, Monte Carlo Simulation, a way of convincing ourselves we can produce a set of possible outcomes for future returns, etc.  You should first invest time. 100 hours reading is a good start. 1000 pounds, Euros, or dollars is a small sum to invest in individual stocks. A round lot is considered 100 shares, so you'd either need to find a stock trading less than 10 pounds, or buy fewer shares. There are a number of reasons a new investor should be steered toward index funds, in the States, ETFs (exchange traded funds) reflect the value of an entire index of stocks. If you feel compelled to get into the market this is the way to go, whether a market near you of a foreign fund, US, or other.
Another reason to buy insurance, though not applicable in this case, is that the insurance company is a big buyer of services and will be able to buy any services covered under the policy much more cheaply than you will. So they can charge you less than your expected payouts if you were uninsured and still make a profit. This particularly applies to things like medical and veterinary insurance.
&gt;Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly determined there are not enough qualified and willing U.S. workers available to perform temporary nonagricultural labor to satisfy the needs of some American businesses...The H-2B Temporary Nonagricultural Worker program was designed to serve U.S. businesses unable to find a sufficient number of qualified U.S. workers to perform nonagricultural work of a temporary nature. Congress set the annual H-2B cap at 66,000.  are these *qualified and willing temporary nonagricultural workers* paid / housed / treated the same as US citizens?  or do they belong to a different legal category, with reduced rights and protections?   has the DHS always had a mandate to protect businesses?    do they also have a mandate to protect workers from suffering irreparable harm?  is that a concept?
Let me add a counterpoint.  I don't know about you, but for some psychological reason, when I know I have an abundance of something I tend to be less frugal about the way I consume it.  For example: When there is a six pack of cokes in the fridge I feel like I am more prone to not drink them up so quickly so I have some for later on. However, if I knew I had 3 more cases in the pantry, I seem to go through a lot more of them.
Yes, your assumptions are correct. The industry realizes that the equilibrium price of product A is $10. The government decides to increase the amount of people who can access product A. They do this by subsidizing $5 of the $10 dollar cost. However the industry reacts by increasing the cost of product A by the amount of the subsidy (so product A is now priced at $15), because the industry knows people already can afford paying $10.  This is not exclusive to medicine, it is also happening with higher education. Here is a paper that examines the effect of government subsidization of college tuition. The study finds that as financial aid increased, there was a 102% correlation with the increase in the cost of tuition. http://www.nber.org/chapters/c13711.pdf
ECG is your go-to company if you are looking for an extensive training course on Basic Life Support. Throughout the said course, the ECG trainers will make sure that participants will be able to recognise if an adult, child, or infant is in cardiac arrest and provide basic life support. To learn more about the Basic Life Support training course offered at ECG, visit their website, ecgtraining.co.uk.
On the quality angle a big part of it is experience, but the biggest thing is careful observation.  You have to take a close, critical look at any article of clothing.  (This holds true for just about any purchase.) As far as finding them for reasonable prices it's the usual thing: sales and buying them second-hand. Finally, regarding maintenance:
Wow, the unnecessary sarcasm is telling of your level of social development.  First, please tell me exactly where I said that we have not improved productivity, because, I'm fairly certain I didn't say that productivity hadn't grown at all.  In fact, if you're looking for the exact figure, it's about 6x what it was when the industrial revolution started.  See... if you were paying attention you would have realized the conversation wasn't dealing with this issue and you might have been better keeping your nose out.  Second, please tell me at least one or two articles you've read about the theoretical limit to productivity improvements.  I'm sure you can list at least one, right?  I mean, clearly you wouldn't be so stupid that you would just toss out a sarcastic comment without knowing something about productivity growth, or what its theoretical limits are, right?
You can't just move money out at will because of IRS rules for the account. However, you do seem to qualify for hardship.  &gt; I investigated a hardship withdrawal, the amount I would be allowed to withdraw was $75.00  You need to look into this more. Normally with a hardship withdrawl, you can pull out what you need. Ask your HR why it is you have a $75.00 limit. We really can't answer.  Also, this question is really for /r/personalfinance . This subreddit is about investing.
Lets look at possible use cases: If you ever converted your cryptocurrency to cash on a foreign exchange, then **YES** you had to report. That means if you ever daytraded and the US dollar (or other fiat) amount was $10,000 or greater when you went out of crypto, then you need to report. Because the regulations stipulate you need to report over $10,000 at any point in the year. If you DID NOT convert your cryptocurrency to cash, and only had them on an exchange's servers, perhaps traded for other cryptocurrency pairs, then NO this did not fall under the regulations. Example, In 2013 I wanted to cash out of a cryptocurrency that didn't have a USD market in the United States, but I didn't want to go to cash on a foreign exchange specifically for this reason (amongst others). So I sold my Litecoin on BTC-E (Slovakia) for Bitcoin, and then I sold the Bitcoin on Coinbase (USA).  (even though BTC-E had a Litecoin/USD market, and then I could day trade the swings easily to make more capital gains, but I wanted cash in my bank account AND didn't want the reporting overhead). Read the regulations yourself. Financial instruments that are reportable: Cash (fiat), securities, futures and options. Also, http://www.bna.com/irs-no-bitcoin-n17179891056/ whether it is just in the blockchain or on a server, IRS and FINCEN said bitcoin is not reportable on FBAR. When they update their guidance, it'll be in the news. The director of FinCEN is very active in cryptocurrency developments and guidance. Bitcoin has been around for six years, it isn't that esoteric and the government isn't that confused on what it is (IRS and FinCEN's hands are tied by Congress in how to more realistically categorize cryptocurrency) Although at this point in time, there are several very liquid exchanges within the United States, such as the one NYSE/ICE hosts (Coinbase).
There are different perspectives from which to calculate the gain, but the way I think it should be done is with respect to the risk you've assumed in the original position, which the simplistic calculation doesn't factor in. There's a good explanation about calculating the return from a short sale at Investopedia.  Here's the part that I consider most relevant: [...] When calculating the return of a short sale, you need to compare the amount the trader gets to keep to the initial amount of the liability.   Had the trade in our example turned against you, you (as the short   seller) would owe not only the initial proceeds amount but also the   excess amount, and this would come out of your pocket. [...] Refer to the source link for the full explanation. Update: As you can see from the other answers and comments, it is a more complex a Q&A than it may first appear.  I subsequently found this interesting paper which discusses the difficulty of rate of return with respect to short sales and other atypical trades: Excerpt: [...]   The problem causing this almost uniform omission of a percentage   return on short sales, options (especially writing), and futures, it   may be speculated, is that the nigh-well universal and conventional   definition of rate of return involving an initial cash outflow   followed by a later cash inflow does not appear to fit these   investment situations. None of the investment finance texts nor   general finance texts, undergraduate or graduate, have formally or   explicitly shown how to resolve this predicament or how to justify the   calculations they actually use. [...]
In the context of EDV, 4.46 is the indicated dividend rate. The indicated dividend rate is the rate that would be paid per share throughout the next year, assuming dividends stayed the same as prior payment.  sources:
"Why shouldn't they pay for schools. After all why is that so many students and parents in underachieving public schools take no great interest in ensuring they get the best education tax payer dollars can offer?   Probably because they have no great stake in the game and the view the service as being always ""FREE"" of cost to them. In other words they fail to understand or don't care about the indirect costs because it has no immediate direct out of pocket cost to them."
Sex and reproduction is a choice like blinking is a choice. It's messed up to say that people who aren't born wealthy should 'simply' ignore biological imperatives, especially when things like vasectomies and tubal ligation require insurance and/or a large amount of cash.
We specialize in processing Apply of  USA  Visa Travel Authorizations applications on behalf of travelers to avoid problems and help with any persons. We do charge a processing fee per application which includes the compulsive payment to the US government. You will only see one charge on your card statement from our company. It is optional to use our professional submission Apply USA Travel Authorizations and you have the choice of lodging your own application without our help directly with the government. The ESTA application has to be electronically online visa services in the world. It is done by following application process that consists of four steps of the Esta Visa Application. The first and second step asks for personal information about you, and all required fields must be duly filled out to continue.
Major in whatever you find interesting. Don't look at college as a pathway to a job, but the time where you learn how to learn. Your undergraduate major has very little to do with what jobs you're able to do unless you limit yourself (all you).  I'm a software engineer that ended up in this industry after having worked in:  Video Games (Midway primarily, contract for others)  Military Intelligence (former CTM, US Navy)  Network Video  and now algo/quant.  No college degree.   My wife has a degree in anthropology and prior to raising our kids she was a particle accelerator operator/technician. She studied what physics she had to in her off time and landed the job.  Honestly just focus on increasing your capacity to learn, especially stuff that's hard and doesn't come naturally. That'll help you get pretty much any job once you're out.
"I'm of the same line of thinking. The reddit community has been an amazing resource for me in the past on items like this. I have my areas of expertise (as a lawyer I have a ""binders full of precedents""), but loan proposals are not one of those areas. And when I deal in areas I don't have mastered, I like to consider examples where professionals might consider the job ""well done"" in order to question, push back, or assist my own professionals."
"I don't know of any way to ""transfer"" a debt to another person without their consent or the lender's consent.  You are responsible for the loan, and you need to either pay it or give up the asset that it's tied to (the car). At least you weren't just a cosigner with no title to the car - then you'd be in worse shape.  If you don't want your credit tarnished, I would start (or keep) making the payments, knowing that you are getting the equity that results from the principal you're paying (you're only out the interest portion). If it were me, here are the things I would do:"
"Theres some major logic missing from this report, it didnt mention how technology is disrupting how everything is being distributed. As businesses become more efficient with technological advances and less dependent on human capital, then so must humans become more efficient and less dependent upon an expected level of income. Whats the demand to keep a human alive and well versus the demand for needing a well paid human laborer? If you are easily replacable, then your value to the company is simply cheap labor. Best example is Walmart, the wealthiest family, the largest employer whose many employees require gov assistance to live due to low wages. The only way this business could even exist is with assitance from the goverment to support its workers. So where do these tax subsidies come from? The article responded with a great point ""There will never be “piles and piles of valuable goods” laying around with no one to enjoy them."" Whoever said that has never been to Walmart with no money. I suppose there will always be ""someone around to enjoy them"" but will there also be less and less people who can afford to enjoy such things? Walmart has already shown what happens. This article points out the old ways of doing things economically but ignores the fact technology creates abundance, not scarcity. Were not currently using that abundance to directly improve humanity on a large scale level but rather the opposite to control supply or scarcity aka profits. When the demand to maintain &amp; control financial power overpowers the desire to care &amp; provide for your neighbor, then the rise of inequality and narcissistic options appear. This buying power is the component of influence to being able to survive very well or simply even remain alive. If my daily wage doesnt provide for my daily needs, then how can I use technology to stay alive? How efficient can we all become before we start to share in the abundance of life together?"
"Just an FYI, this can be a risky move. Unless you have been in the industry for a while, or are extremely well averse in investment management/research, keep it pretty short. In a lot of ways, you might want to think about tailoring it more like a sell-side report. Also, make sure you understand the style of investing the PM/company you are applying to likes.   The reason I say this is because every buy-side shop is different. Some do 1-2 page write-ups with models and walk through's, others will expect 60 page ""decks"" (i.e. Powerpoints). The longer the deck, the more you have that can go wrong. If one tiny thing is wrong, or you have a typo anywhere, it hurts you more than it helps that you wrote something long (I once had the wrong rating on one issuance of a bond ladder I was pitching; it's all the PM's focused on).  The more important aspect is that you understand the shop you are applying to and then tailoring the pitch to them. For example, don't do a growth tech company with an 80x forward P/E if you're applying to a fundamental value shop. It shows you didn't do research on the firm you're applying to and that you won't fit the culture. This is part of why I was saying that this can be a risky move, if the firm is large enough to have an HR department, they likely have a lot of different investment styles in house.  Finally, try to keep it to a small/mid-cap company. Analysts/PMs follow stocks all day long and will most likely have an opinion on 99% of large caps, no matter the sector.  In summary, I'd recommend a 1-2 page sell-side style write-up with a backup model (printed excel file). KISS (keep it simple stupid), have a summary, couple years worth of historical's, 2 years forward, and a few main bullet points of why you like them. In your case, this pitch should be something to pique the interest so that you can NAIL a real pitch in the interview. If you get an interview, know everything about everything in the industry as well as that specific company. For example, lets say you do a smartphone secular theme investment. Do you know what outstanding AAPL/Android cases there are, and more importantly, how would each ruling likely affect the marketplace? This is because I can guarantee if you're pitching to another tech guy, he knows and has an educated opinion on it. Also, in many cases having a great model can mean more than a long write-up, it shows that you're good with numbers and can think about FUTURE earnings, which are all that matter.  Last point, IMO you'd be better off trying to get your foot in the door through networking than HR. HR doesn't really do much on the buy-side with recruiting and won't really understand what to look for in a good pitch (they're HR after-all, not an analyst). Try to meet someone over coffee and then have a pitch READY to bring out/discuss. The buy-side is selective enough that usually when positions open up it's either because they are creating one for you or they already have an idea of who is going to fill it. This mean HR has little to no say in helping you get in. You'll have a lot more success this way than blasting to a bunch of HR emails."
Excelsior motorcycles are the best in the world, our company also makes and redesign all motorcycle spare parts. If you want to repair and modify your motorcycle, come visit our company's workshops. The Excelsior motorcycle products will feature current technology but will reflect distinctive designs, styling, and names reminiscent of the motorcycles produced in the early part of this century by Excelsior Supply under the brand names Excelsior and Henderson motorcycle.
No, there is no such list, as the other answers mention it is practically impossible to compile one.  However you can see the institutional investors of a public company.  MSN Money has this information available in a fair amount of details.  For example see the Institutional Investors of GOOG
There may be a third option. The bank gives you the first mortgage of 80%, and a second, maybe a HELOC, for that missing 5%. This way, you get the lower rate and the money they'd charge you for PMI goes to paying down the second loan.  Alternately, do you have any other sources to tap to bridge this small gap? A 401(k) loan perhaps? The rate willbe low, and for home purchase, a 10 yr payback. If these aren't viable options, I agree that taking the PMI route while tracking the balance is the way to go.
Another option if you want a higher return is to tier your emergency fund so you are putting a portion in different savings vehicles, each with varying risk and rates of return. One option might be  You will need to assess the risk of these vehicles to see if it fits within your tolerance. If not, just using the online savings account is a fine choice. One final note regarding I-bonds - they can't be cashed out until 1 year after you buy them. This may be too limiting to some depending on their perceived need for their emergency fund over the next year; others may be more comfortable with it.
"Your employer can require a W8-BEN or W-9 if you are a contractor, and in some special cases.  I believe this bank managing your stock options can as well; it's to prove you don't have ""foreign status"".  See the IRS's W-9 instructions for details."
It might actually be kinda a good thing. If these cars charge overnight, mostly off peak hours, the transmission infrastructure will be put to good use at night, which can really help pay for the infrastructure, and therefore help subsidize our current bills.   Imagine it like public transit. A public transit system that had a high volume, constant stream of riders all day could earn a lot more revenues without needing to add more trains/rails/stops.
"Better how? They're smaller, so it's somewhat understandable that they don't have the same level of (these days at least) negative publicity, but from a purely consumer using-the-service perspective, what makes them any different?  To me it feels like Uber has championed everything and done a great job of getting things like airport restrictions changed while Lyft has quietly benefited, so it doesn't really feel ""better""."
You might think it as a simple multi-page document, but the fact is that property related contracts are very complicated with hundreds of terms that are beyond the understanding of a common man. In such circumstances, these professionals can be very helpful; as they will go through the contact and help you understand the terms and conditions.
"Your entire post is incorrect. From your understanding of the processes, to random sampling, to what stastical models represent, to facts in and of themselves.   It's crazy to me how much ignorance and misunderstanding is the baseline for these conversations. It's almost as if being ignorant and disregarding facts (as my above post is) as political propaganda is a badge of honor among so many. Every time it's ""hey, look at all these facts, well researched figures, and data that gets someone to this conclusion"" And the response is always along the lines of ""fake news"" with your head in the air as if being anti intellectual is something to be proud of.   We're off topic now, but the descent into the literal definition of idiocy and ignorance has become baffling. But QED about the above education point, I guess."
For web advancement administrations, we additionally utilize dexterous procedures and most recent strategies. Madhav Web Services are utilized by a group of profoundly talented, prepared and experienced web engineers. Every one of our designers has gigantic learning of various sorts of cutting edge programming or web development services. This is the reason we manpower to work a wide range of web structures and can make unmistakable sorts of locales, for example, blogging, CMS, internet business and some more. We utilize Drupal, bootstrap, PHP, Wordpress, Magento, Joomla and different other coding applications to grow exceedingly intuitive and dynamic website pages.
It is a fool's errand to attribute abnormal option volume or volatility to any meaningful move in the stock. One side of the chain is frequently more expensive than the other. The relationship between historical volatility and implied volatility is dubious at best, and also a big area of study.
This is a great idea and I can't think of any downside. The best part about it is in the future when you have built up your emergency fund beyond the maximum contributions to the Roth IRA, you can then move your Roth funds into a higher yielding investment. I might take it a step further. In addition to this, try to get a line of credit from your bank (with no annual fee). In case of emergency, you can decide if you want to take the money from your Roth or borrow from the line and pay some interest temporarily. Depending on the situation it may actually make sense to pay a little bit of interest and leave the money in the Roth, since over the long run the future earnings of that money could easily make you more than the interest you'll pay for (let's hope) a short amount of time. To really hit home why your idea is fantastic:
"I can't vouch for Australian law, but in the US there is actually a recognized mechanism for ""in-family loans"" which ensures that it's all fully documented for tax purposes, including filing it as an official second mortgage. (Just did that recently in my own family, which is why I'm aware of it.) We're required to charge at least some interest (there's a minimum set, currently around 0.3%), and the interest is taxable income, and it is wise to get a lawyer to draw up the paperwork (there are a few services which specialize in this, charging a flat fee of about US$700 if the loan is standard enough that they can handle it as fill-in-the-blank), but outside of that it's pretty painless. This can also be used as a way of shifting gift limits from year to year -- if you issue a loan, and then gift the recipient with the payments each year (including the payments), you've effectively spread the immediate transfer of money over multiple years of taxes. Of course it does cost you the legal paperwork and the tax in the interest (which they're still ""paying"" out of your gift), but it can be a useful tool, and it's one that wasn't well known until recently. Again: This is all US codes, posted only for comparison (and for the benefit of US readers). It may be completely irrelevant. But it may be worth investigating whether Oz has something similar."
Expenses are where the catch is found.  Not all expenditures are considered expenses for tax purposes.  Good CPAs make a comfortable living untangling this sort of thing.  Advice for both of your family members' businesses...consult with a CPA before making big purchases.  They may need to adjust the way they buy, or the timing of it, or simply to set aside capital to pay the taxes for the profit used to purchase those items.  CPA can help find the best path.  That 10k in unallocated income can be used to redecorate your office, but there's still 3k in taxes due on it. Bottom Line:  Can't label business income as profit until the taxes have been paid.
&gt; Which is why everybody has an incentive to cover themselves with THEIR OWN insurance policies.  I would be all for that as soon as every job in society pays people enough for a modest life including insurance.  Before that happens, this approach is just setting the lower classes up for failure.  &gt; Which is why it's so important that people have a strong financial incentive to stay healthy...  I know this is a fundamental ideal of the right but I do not share it.  I think you need a lot of carrots to get people to change.  &gt; It is not moral to point a gun at somebody to force them to pay for somebody else's stuff.  Is it moral for a rich man who made all his money while using public infrastructure and services to claim all his profits are exclusively his?  &gt; My full time job is in the financial markets.  You do understand that if/when we get a terrific healthcare system that benefits the common man the healthcare stocks would tank?
It's not so much too big to fail as that's just a bad policy, you are overpenalizing Walmart.   Not to mention would this be reset every so many years or would it be permanent. It's pretty conceivable that Walmart is going to live on for ages and ages right now so there could be unintended consequences of this, much like the three strikes and you're out policy works in real life.
"More like:  nobody *can* pay for it.   Just paying for someone to be available near a person 24 hours a day is very labor intensive.    Expensive, even at minimum wage.  So a worker has to earn enough both to pay their own living expenses, but also the living expenses of their ailing mom *and* the living expenses of 2-3 aide workers.   That's crazy.  And that's not even counting in actual health care.  We're going to reach a breaking point with nursing homes etc soon.   To a much greater extent, you'll see some combination of ailing parents who would otherwise need 24 hour care allowed to die by not having medical interventions, moving back in with their kids and the kids sacrificing their career, ""suicided""..."
"I was amazed to find out that many people think that credit ratings are equivalent across asset classes.   Rating agencies DO NOT and CAN NOT rate assets based on market exposure. There ratings represent the assets idiosyncratic risk, obviously assets that are more exposed to the market have higher risk in a market downturn but higher reward in a boom.    This is pretty well known and documented. The agencies that are paid by debt issuers are there to establish that the asset meets certain established criteria, often this involves the interest rate. Thus, as most people that are familiar with financial markets know, the major CRA's tend to be reactionary, and a much better gauge of actual credit worthiness is the market interest rate. However these ratings do have a purpose for creating standardized practices for governments and other public organizations. Subscriber based CRAs will almost always give much more accurate and detailed information, just as with everything else, if you want something done right, your gonna have to do it yourself.   That said it will be interesting to see how the agencies adapt to Dodd Frank which mandates that their ratings translate across asset classes. Especially since gov debt is in a whole different tax category and thus intrinsically has lower interest rates and thus lower default rates. In the end the rating agencies are just going to have to say... ""well since the interest rate is under inflation we know that it is Aaa..."" lol Thus they are useless. In addition the rating of government debt has less to do with ability to pay back obligations and more to do with (at least in a democracy) political will. How is this supposed to be quantified?"
"Agreed, but going back to Amazon Prime itself, haven't you seen how the shipping charges are routinely just put into the price? Every non Prime item is $x plus $y for shipping. Then you see the Prime item listed for $(x+y) ""and free shipping!"". Just curious as to how you aren't more upset about that."
This comment might sound like a circle jerk but I think it's important to say. Indeed innovation is what creates more productivity, which is fueled by debt, but debt is fueled by real savings, which comes from under consuming, which is easier when your productivity is higher. The government can stimulate innovation yes, but only at the expense of someone else.   What's really scary is the federal reserve has been manufacturing all the savings for nearly a decade now. So there's a complete mismatch between credit and savings, and the overall economy. The actual price of money itself is manufactured too, so just about all asset prices are inherently flawed in my view.   I think it's important to piggy back your point about innovation and how productivity can't really go down, because inventions and new methods of producing goods don't disappear(once we come up with the combustible engine or a new drug for example, it's now here forever ideally, it's work that we don't have to do all over again).  What brings on a crash or feeling like we're going backwards in terms of progress comes when we somehow manage to go through a boom bust (like in 2008), but then take on all this debt, normally we can pay off debt but when the government manufactures it, and credit is created out of nothing, that's when you get into problems like not being able to pay it back - because it wasn't truly real or representative of real savings. I feel like I'm ranting now but I think this stuff is super important and I think you understand it.
"There is also the aspect of [time taken during the day to eat.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/tombarlow/2011/04/15/americans-cook-the-least-eat-the-fastest/#3428a01f4162)  (Note:  Article from 2011.  I mean this overall message as a ""this is also a factor."")  Full breakfast?  No time, need to get to work, will grab drive through and a coffee on the way.  Lunch?  Half an hour?  If you don't take something from home (and who WANTS to take the time after work to make up tomorrow's meal,) you need something close and easy to wolf down.  Supper?  Ugh, so worn out from the day.  If a person doesn't even want to make up tomorrow's lunch, why go through complicated tonight."
'In demand', partly due to the larger supply available.    Employers might prefer a math major, but when they are 5-10x more finance majors, they have to settle for the finance skillset + excel, rather than a proverbially higher IQ math major with greater modeling and math skills.
The market sets prices and the way JP Morgan or any other bank or organization determines the price it's willing to deal in would be proprietary business information.
"Here is the thing if in 2020-2040 you can buy CD's that pay 4% then you would kick yourself for paying your mortgage early and costing you a no risk 1% revenue on your money. Think about this?  You have a 4% mortgage that is costing you less than 3% after tax deduction"" in 2025 you are buying 10 year notes at 7% which is not out of the question.   You will be making 4% on your money with virtually no risk. Personally I agree with JoeTaxpayer.  I have gone a step further and done so with two houses and I netted myself over 20 grand in 30 months. So in short you have to ask yourself ""Can I make more than 3% on my money?"""
No I'm American, but vacation time is treated as earned income. That's why you get paid out on vacation days when you leave a job. If a company mandates you use vacation days then that's the same as them requiring you to spend your money on certain things. I'm assuming it's mandated in the contract that vacation days get docked for these trips, but it's totally shady.
"If you take a loan, you make a contract with your lender, let's call them ""bank"" (even if it might not be a real bank).  This loan contract contains an agreed-upon way of paying back the loan.  Both sides agreed upon these conditions.  Any change of it (like paying back early) needs the consent of both sides.  So, in general, no, you cannot just pay back everything earlier unless the other side accepts this change of the contract. Consider it from the bank's point of view:  They want to earn money by getting the interest you have to pay when you pay back everything nice and slowly.  It is their business.  They plan on these expected revenues etc. So if, for whatever reason, you have to pay back the whole remaining loan at once, you create a revenue loss for the bank and are liable for this financial damage.  In German the term for this is ""Vorfälligkeitsentschädigung"" which translates to ""prepayment penalty"" or ""acceleration fee"".  You just have to pay it, so in the end you come out like if you were paying back the loan in the agreed-upon fashion. However, many loan contracts contain the option to pay back early at specific points in time in specific amounts and under specific conditions."
&gt; However for non-tech industries, if current CEO's want to learn more about tech I think that's great but, most of them still won't get it, they'll just say the normal buzzwords and enough to get by.   Yup, and as the article says, this will not bode well for the company that employs them. The fundamental problem is that non-tech companies are facing the same kind of disruption that is situation normal for the tech business. It probably won't last forever like that, but for now there is a big wave of rippling through a lot of industries.  &gt; Then a CTO/CIO will step up.  You ever been at a company with a technically brilliant CIO and a CEO that didn't undertand a thing about technology? Does great if the business fundamentals remain the same. Otherwise... not so much. Probably one of the better outcomes with that was Gerstner at IBM. He saved the company, but turned one of the biggest mountains of intellectual property in to a consulting services company that essentially was out of the tech game.  &gt; Also one risk here is, you get a CEO who wants to learn tech or gets a wild hair and then they think they know everything and then the backsliding begins, I actually worked at a company that went this direction because a CEO learned about a new product that would replace our backend processing software and wanted everyone to start converting to it, then the CIO had to come in and take reins.  If you have a CEO who thinks they know everything when they don't, you are definitely doomed. They have to expect their senior staff to be more talented specialists. If they aren't, that already a very bad sign of their leadership skills.
&gt; In the 1950s people talked about what we'd do with all our leisure time as a result of automation. But here we are 70 years later and we're still working 40-50 hours a week for the most part.  True! Also before that, when the steam engine was invented, when the automatic mill was invented, when computers where invented, etc.  But all those engines, machines and automation do not have intelligence. They just do repetitve work.  Robots and AI is totally different thing.  What job do you think only a human can do, but an intelligent robot can't?
"Another factor is, how far is your prospective rental property from where you live? vs. how comprehensive is your property management service?  If you need to visit much or would simply like to keep an eye on it, a couple of hours drive could be a deal breaker. One more thought; would you be able to upgrade the property at a profit when it comes time to sell?  If you have a realtor you trust he or she should be able to tell you if, say a $20k kitchen reno would reliably return more than $20k. It has a lot to do with the property's relative price position in the neighborhood.  A cheaper home has more ""upsell"" room."
"I wrote a brilliant guest post at Don't Mess With Taxes, titled Roth IRAs and Your Retirement Income. (Note - this article now reflects 2012 rates. Just updated) Simply put, it's an ongoing question of whether your taxes will be higher now than at any point in the future. If you are in the 25% bracket now, it would take quite of bit of money for your withdrawals to put you in that bracket at retirement. In the case of the IRA, you have the opportunity to convert in any year between now and retirement if your rate that year drops for whatever reason.  The simplest case is if you are now in the 25% bracket. I say go pre-tax, and track, year by year what your withdrawal would be if you retired today.  At 15%, but with a good chance for promotion to the 25% bracket, start with Roth flavor and then as you hit 25%, use a combination. This approach would smooth your marginal rate to stay at 15%.  To give you a start to this puzzle, in 2012, a couple has a $11,900 standard deduction along with 2 exemptions of $3800 each. This means the first $19,500 in an IRA comes out tax free at retirement. If you believe in a 4% withdrawal rate, you need a retirement account containing $500K pretax to generate this much money. This tick up with inflation, 2 years ago, it was $18,700 and $467K respectively. This is why those who scream ""taxes will go up"" may be correct, but do you really believe the standard deduction and exemptions will go away?  Edit - and as time passes, and I learn more, new info comes to my attention. The above thoughts not withstanding, there's an issue of taxation of Social Security benefits. This creates a The Phantom Tax Rate Zone which I recently wrote about. A single person with not really too high an income gets thrust into the 46% bracket. Not a typo, 46.25% to be exact."
Exactly, the way you phrase the question makes it too vague to explain. Futures are very complicated instruments, and you should not be going after futures contracts if you are not educated in exactly how they work.  I recommend getting a text on [derivative markets](http://books.google.com/books?id=6fNJGQAACAAJ&amp;dq=Fundamentals%20of%20Derivative%20Markets%20McDonald&amp;source=gbs_book_other_versions) and learn all the ropes before jumping in at all.
"Another problem with this plan (assuming you get past Rocky's answer somehow) is that you assume that $50K in construction costs will translate to $50K in increased value. That's not always true; the ROI on home improvements is usually a lot less than 100%. You'd also owe more property taxes on your improvements, which would cut into your plan somewhat. But you also can't keep doing this forever. Soon enough, you'd run out of physical and/or legal space to keep adding additions to the house (zoning tends to limit how much you can build, unless you're in the middle of nowhere, and eventually you'd fill the lot), even if you did manage to keep obtaining more and more loans. And you'd quickly reach the point of diminishing returns on your expansions. Many homebuyers might be prepared to pay more for a third or fourth bedroom, but vanishingly few in most markets will pay substantially more for a second billiards room or a third home theater. At some point, your house isn't a mansion, it's ""that ridiculous castle"" only an eccentric would want, and the pool of potential buyers (and the price they'll pay for it) diminishes.  And the lender, not being stupid, isn't going to go on financing your creation of a monstrosity, because they are the ones who will be stuck with the place if you default."
I just read through all of the answers to this question and there is an important point that no one has mentioned yet: Oftentimes, buying a house is actually cheaper than renting the identical house. I'm looking around my area (suburbs of Chicago, IL) in 2017 and seeing some houses that are both for sale and for rent, which makes for an easy comparison. If I buy the house with $0 down (you can't actually put $0 down but it makes the numerical comparison more accurate if you do), my monthly payment including mortgage (P+I), taxes, insurance, and HOA, is still $400 less than the monthly rent payment. (If I put 20% down it's an even bigger savings.) So, in addition to the the tax advantages of owning a home, the locked in price that helps you in an economy that experiences inflation, and the accumulated equity, you may even have extra cash flow too. If you were on the fence when you would have had to pay more per month in order to purchase, it should be a no-brainer to buy if your monthly cost is lower. From the original question: Get a loan and buy a house, or I can live for the rest of my life in rent and save the extra money (investing and stuff). Well, you may be able to buy a house and save even more money than if you rent. Of course, this is highly dependent on your location.
In theory you can buy shares directly from someone else who owns them. In practise, if the stock is listed on an exchange, they are unlikely to own them directly, they are likely to own them through an intermediary. You will have to pay fees to that intermediary to transfer the shares to your name. There are thousands of small companies owned by the guy who started it and a few other investors. You can buy stock in that kind of company directly from the existing owners, as long as they are willing to sell you some. It's a super-high risk investment strategy, though. This is the kind of deal that happens on Dragons Den.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jul/25/britain-to-ban-sale-of-all-diesel-and-petrol-cars-and-vans-from-2040) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; As part of a government strategy to improve air quality, Britain is to ban all new petrol and diesel cars and vans from 2040 amid fears that rising levels of nitrogen oxide pose a major risk to public health.  &gt; The government had been asked to present a new draft policy to tackle air pollution from diesel traffic before the election.  &gt; Areeba Hamid, clean air campaigner at Greenpeace, said: &amp;quot;The high court was clear that the government must bring down toxic air pollution in the UK in the shortest possible time. This plan is still miles away from that.The government cannot shy away any longer from the issue of diesel cars clogging up and polluting our cities, and must now provide real solutions, not just gimmicks. That means proper clean air zones and funding to support local authorities to tackle illegal and unsafe pollution.""   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6pkblq/britain_to_ban_sale_of_all_diesel_and_petrol_cars/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~175549 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **air**^#1 **government**^#2 **plan**^#3 **pollution**^#4 **quality**^#5"
"&gt; So basically, you think they are all bullshiters and don't understand anything.   A significant number (or perhaps more correctly, the vast majority) of them are.  And this is not just something that has only happened with recent ""digital"" technology or computers.  &gt;So really, the idea of any of them understanding technology would be practically impossible.  No, it is certainly *possible* for them to understand technology... it's just that for most people, well... they just don't *want* to put in the mental effort; they don't want to comprehend the how/why something works (i.e. the underlying fundamentals) they generally want to get away with whatever minimal a level of ""training"" that allows them to achieve their immediate goals.  When it comes to a lot of the C suite level people for the most part they are only concerned with *appearances* and motivating controlling others -- that usually means familiarity with and faking competence via jargon &amp; buzzwords --their ""people"" are supposed to deal with the pesky little details of reality.  And then (especially) when you get to businesses that are almost entirely about ""marketing"" -- well, appearance &amp; perception are 90% (if not 99%) of the product."
A DRIP plan with the ETF does just that. It provides cash (the dividends you are paid) back to the fund manager who will accumulate all such reinvested dividends and proportionally buy more shares of stock in the ETF. Most ETFs will not do this without your approval, as the dividends are taxed to you (you must include them as income for that year if this is in a taxable account) and therefore you should have the say on where the dividends go.
Weiss Ratings is an independent company providing data and analysis for the bank and insurance industries.  We’ve published the Weiss Financial Strength Ratings for banking institutions  and insurance companies since 1989 and continue to use the methodology praised by the GAO back in 1994.  Weiss Ratings has consistently graded failed institutions in the lowest Weiss Rating tier at the time of failure. We invite you to look at the Weiss Ratings' track record.
Many brokerages offer automatic dividend reinvestment. It is very infrequent that these dividends are exactly a whole share. So, if you have signed up for automatic dividend reinvestment, many brokerages will reinvest your dividends and assign to you a fractional share. I can't speak for how these shares work with regards to voting, but I can say that the value of these fractional holdings does change with stock price as if one genuinely could hold a fraction of a share.
This article is seriously referencing the takeover of communism during the revolt against the Tzar as the model for global labor organization... this is nothing but ideological drivel.  Capitalism saved the world and it produced the most prosperous and free society in the history of humanity, while simultaneously bringing the entire western world along with it. Go read Bernstein or something with any minuscule amount of perspective.
I have encountered this too, and nearly every month the downloaded transactions do not match up with the statement balances. In my experience it isn't necessarily because of transactions changing later; I have seen discrepancies for the following reasons: So what to do about it? So far I've been manually reconciling with the itemized statement each month. For me refunds are rare so the differences are easy to spot. Side Note: I see you are using the micropayments fee schedule. Since you don't have the default I'm sure you know that PayPal offers 2 different schedules: Some quick algebra tells us that if your average item sold is more than $11.90, then you are better off with option 1. You are apparently using option 2 even though all of the charges in your example are $20 or more. If your example numbers are indicative of your average sale, you could probably save some money by changing to option 1. Note that the reason I say probably rather than definitely is because when you have refunds you don't get the fixed fee back. So right now you only lose 5 cents per refund, whereas you would lose 30 cents per refund if you switch. You'll have to run the numbers for your average sale price and consider your refund rate to know which is best for you.
If so, it seems to me that this system is rather error prone. By that I mean I could easily forget to make a wire some day and be charged interests while I actually have more than enough money on the check account to pay the debt. I have my back account (i.e. chequing account) and VISA account at/from the same bank (which, in my case, is the Royal Bank of Canada). I asked my bank to set up an automatic transfer, so that they automatically pay off my whole VISA balance every month, on time, by taking the money from my bank account. In that way I am never late paying the VISA so I never pay interest charges. IOW I use the VISA like a debit card; the difference is that it's accepted at some places where a debit card isn't (e.g. online, and for car rentals), and that the money is deducted from my bank account at the end of the month instead of immediately.
People put conditions on donations all the time. They donate to the Red Cross for a specific disaster. The donate money to a church for the building fund. They donate money to a hospital to buy a new x-ray machine. They donate money to the scouts for a new dining hall.  It is possible to donate money to a non-profit for a specific purpose. If the non-profit doesn't want to accept the money with those strings they can refuse. Generally these specific projects are initiated by the non-profit. But there is no requirement that the idea originate with the non-profit.  It is also up to the non-profit and their legal advisers regarding how strictly they view those strings. If you donate money for web design and they don't spend it all, can they pay net years hosting bill with the money, or must they hold it for a few years for when they need a designer again? If the company wants to provide the service, they can structure the project to pay their employees for their time. They pay employees for $100 of labor while deigning the website. The pay and benefits reduce profit thus lowering taxes.  Donating money to the non-profit to be given back to the company doesn't seem to be the best way to structure transaction. At best it is a wash.  Donating money to a charity and then directing exactly which contractor will perform the service starts to look like money laundering, and most charities will get wary.
It would also attract tons of costumers who aren't necessarily vegan, but are interested in trying vegan food.  I see many more people trying vegan food as a healthy choice, rather than a moral choice.  I think (hope) the 1st world will soon wake up to the devastating effects our food system is having on personal health.  With how many adults are overweight and obese, I think it sounds like a fantastic idea to try and make healthy foods more accessible.  All the better if they can make those healthy foods taste like my favorite animal proteins.    I'd be very interested in trying it, especially if it's fast food.  When I go out to a restaurant I want to get something I know I'll enjoy.  If I'm just going through a drive through I'd be more likely to just give vegan food a quick try.
Corporate debt isn't an iou. Large corporations sell bonds and make annual or semiannual payments in those bonds.  Cash is often held in a country with favorable tax condition, like Ireland.. Depending on the industry, this cash is invested in money market funds, fixed income securities, and maybe stocks or other funds.  Because of the low interest rates that have prevailed since the recession, it's most economical to invest most cash and borrow for larger investments. However, the cash that ends up overseas is net of expenses. Internet is paid from operating income.  I'm by no means an expert though, so take this with a grain of salt.
"Couple of clarifications to start off: Index funds and ETF's are essentially the same investments.  ETF's allow you to trade during the day but also make you reinvest your dividends manually instead of doing it for you.  Compare VTI and VTSAX, for example.  Basically the same returns with very slight differences in how they are run.  Because they are so similar it doesn't matter which you choose. Either index funds and ETF's can be purchased through a regular taxable brokerage account or through an IRA or Roth IRA.  The decision of what fund to use and whether to use a brokerage or IRA are separate. Whole market index funds will get you exposure to US equity but consider also diversifying into international equity, bonds, real estate (REITS), and emerging markets.  Any broker can give you advice on that score or you can get free advice from, for example, Future Advisor.  Now the advice: For most people in your situation, you current tax rate is currently very low.  This makes a Roth IRA a very reasonable idea.  You can contribute $5,500 for 2015 if you do it before April 15 and you can contribute $5,500 for 2016.  Repeat each year.  You won't be able to get all your money into a Roth, but anything you can do now will save you money on taxes in the long run.  You put after-tax money in a Roth IRA and then you don't pay taxes on it or the gains when you take it out. You can use Roth IRA funds for college, for a first home, or for retirement. A traditional IRA is not recommended in your case.  That would save you money on taxes this year, when presumably your taxes are already low. Since you won't be able to put all your money in the IRA, you can put the rest in a regular taxable brokerage account (if you don't just want to put it in a savings account).  You can buy the same types of things as you have in your IRA.   Note that if your stocks (in your regular brokerage account) go up over the course of a year and your income is low enough to be in the 10 or 15% tax bracket and you have held the stock for at least a year, you should sell before the end of the year to lock in your gains and pay taxes on them at the capital gains rate of 0%. This will prevent you from paying a higher rate on those gains later.  Conversely, if you lose money in a year, don't sell. You can sell and lock in losses during years when your taxes are high (presumably, after college) to reduce your tax burden in those years (this is called ""tax loss harvesting""). Sounds like crazy contortions but the name of the game is (legally) avoiding taxes.  This is at least as important to your overall wealth as the decision of which funds to buy. Ok now the financial advisor.  It's up to you.  You can make your own financial decisions and save the money but it requires you putting in the effort to be educated.  For many of us, this education is fun.  Also consider that if you use a regular broker, like Fidelity, you can call up and they have people who (for free) will give you advice very similar to what you will get from the advisor you referred to.  High priced financial advisors make more sense when you have a lot of money and complicated finances.  Based on your question, you don't strike me as having those.  To me, 1% sounds like a lot to pay for a simple situation like yours."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN1AD0DU) reduced by 83%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; WASHINGTON/LONDON. WASHINGTON/LONDON - U.S. coal exports have jumped more than 60 percent this year due to soaring demand from Europe and Asia, according to a Reuters review of government data, allowing President Donald Trump&amp;#039;s administration to claim that efforts to revive the battered industry are working.  &gt; &amp;quot;If Europe wants to lecture Trump on climate then EU member states need transition plans to phase out polluting coal,&amp;quot; said Laurence Watson, a data scientist working on coal at independent think tank Carbon Tracker Initiative in London.  &gt; TAKING CREDIT. Both the coal industry and the Trump administration said the rising exports of both steam coal, used to generate electricity, and metallurgical coal, used in heavy industry, were evidence that Trump&amp;#039;s agenda was having a positive impact.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6q2vq7/us_coal_exports_soar_in_boost_to_trump_energy/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~177666 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **coal**^#1 **U.S.**^#2 **Trump**^#3 **administration**^#4 **Energy**^#5"
"TELL STORIES. I've interviewed a lot of entry level people in my career, and this is the difference maker. Some of the other comments imply it, but let's be explicit. If you're asked how you liked attending school X, don't say, ""It's great,"" smile, and wait for the next question. There's no right or wrong answer to questions. Interviewers want to get a better feel for what you're like and what excites you, and they don't want to have to work to do it. Tell them a story about the class that changed your life.   Two more tips that are good at every level. One, always ask to see the work space. (Shows you want the job, and reassures you it's not a dungeon.) Two, when they ask if you have questions, have questions, and make sure some are about what previous employees (in this case, interns) have gone on to do. This should be a source of pride for the interviewer."
I use it for work, and have over 1000 buddies on my buddy list.  Over 500 are online at any given time.  I can use it to converse with dozens of people at once which is way more efficient than trying to call everyone.  And it logs everything.  I couldn't get by without it.
Explain that you are looking for work that is more fast paced than what you are currently doing.   You are obviously very smart and probably good with people as you are on a leadership type career path.   If you find you don't have the network to talk to people in the industry, or are concerned about your lack of financial background, you may want to look at the CFA. Although not really quantitative, it would show your commitment to the investment profession, and you could join your local CFA Chapter.
"I would start with long term data. It would show how 40 years worth of stock investing puts the investor so far ahead of the ""safe"" investor that they can afford to lose half and still be ahead. But - then I would explain about asset allocation, and how the soon to be retired person had better be properly allocated if they weren't all along so that the impact of down years is mitigated. The retiree is still a long term investor as life spans of 90 are common.  Look at the long term charts for the major indexes. So long as you average in, reinvest earnings (dividends) and stay diversified, you will be ahead. The market is still not where it was at the end of 2001, but in the decade, our worth has risen from 5X our income to 12.5X. This was not genius, just a combination of high savings and not panicking."
"For any sort of investment you need to understand your risks first. If you're going to put money into the stock or bond market I would get a hold of Graham's ""The Intelligent Investor"" first, or any other solid value investing book, and educate yourself on what the risks are. I can't speak about real estate investing but I am sure there are plenty of books describing risks and benefits of that as well. I could see inflation/deflation having an effect there but I think the biggest impact on the landlord front is quality of life in the area you are renting and the quality of the tenant you can get. One crazy tenant and you will be driven mad yourself. As for starting a business, one thing I would like to say is that money does not automatically make money. The business should be driven by a product or service that you can provide first, and the backing seed capital second. In my opinion you will have to put energy and time worth much more than the 100k into a business over time to make it successful so the availability of capital should not be the driving decision here. Hope this helps more than it confuses."
Do you have any insight on average *effective* rates paid by SE owners?  As a counterpoint to your (very valid) links, filing as S-corp allows for taxes on distributions to be exempt from payroll tax and taxed at much lower rates. Also, being SE allows for various deductions not possible for wage earners. There's probably other examples not immediately coming to mind.  Also, SE taxes equal taxes otherwise paid by employer + employee. It's just that those employer taxes don't appear on the employee's paystub so not everyone realizes this.
The methodology for divisor changes is based on splits and composition changes. Dividends are ignored by the index. Side note - this is why, in my opinion, that any discussion of the Dow's change over a long term becomes meaningless. Ignoring even a 2% per year dividend has a significant impact over many decades.  The divisor can be found at http://wsj.com/mdc/public/page/2_3022-djiahourly.html
I didn't say it took off the second congress cut the budget, obviously it retracted after the govt stopped spending for the war. Dont confuse increases in GDP with increases in the standard of living. But I would call the next two decades a pretty big take off from where the economy was none the less
is this a story because it's a female-led superhero movie?  beauty in the beast is a female-led and opened with $174MM this year.  congrats to both movies, but i hope this doesn't start a trend of having a female lead just because females!  make good movies and people will watch.
&gt;I could be wrong but you will still get tax at 10%   This isn't true for Roths.  If I put 5k (post tax of course) money into a Roth 401k or a Roth IRA I can withdraw that 5k whenever I want penalty and tax free.  Now lets say that 5k has grown to 7k and I take out all 7k the first 5k is penalty and tax free but the extra 2k is taxed (with the extra 10% penalty added on).  So as long as you don't touch any growth in your roth accounts you can withdraw the principal amount with the same consequences you would experience if you were to take money out of your checking account at your bank.    Also money in and IRA does not have to be invested it could be in a liquid position.    Now a pre tax retirement account doesn't have the same luxury.  If I stick 5k into a traditional IRA and it grows to 7k and I pull that money out the entire ammount gets taxed AND penalized (even the principal amount is subject the 10% penalty).     Now if you do a Roth conversion (pre-tax to post-tax retirment account conversion) the principal ammount (the amount you paid taxes on) is still subject to the 10% penalty for 5 years.  After the 5 years you can withdraw the converted ammount tax and penalty free (well you already paid the taxes) it would just be the growth that is subject to the penalty.
I don’t disagree that housing prices are important and vital to the economy, but I think they are a separate issue to inflation, requires a different set of tools to deal with, and has completely different outcomes from policies.   First and foremost, they are almost the only item purchased that can be resold at a higher value. So even though house prices may have risen 1000%, who ever had bought a house exits with a 1000% increase in equity. How would account for that when calculating inflation?
I ordered a dishwasher from Sears last week, but decided to cancel the order on Sunday because I found a better deal that didn't require Sears' $170 installation charge.   I got a call last night confirming the delivery and reminded them I canceled the order. They apologized and said they'd remove it from the system.   I got a call 11am this morning from the delivery guy asking what my apartment number is because he was outside with the truck. I felt bad to tell him I was at work and the order had been cancelled. He then applogized and proceeded to tell me his boss was an idiot.
No cash is necessary for most people.  In the modern day in the US there is no need to keep paper currency around for emergencies; any sort of emergency that knocked out all of the ability to use plastic (ATMs, credit cards, etc.) for an extended period of time AND knocked your bank out of service would be of the level that cash  might not have any value either. Your $100 of cash for natural disasters is likely more than enough, and even that I wouldn't necessarily consider a vital thing in this day where even a major natural disaster probably isn't going to have too much impact on the financial sector outside of the immediate area (that you should be exiting quickly).  Keep however much cash around that you need for day to day cash expenses, and that should be enough. The level of emergency that would suggest cash being needed would probably need more than you'd actually want to keep around, anyway - i.e., a complete collapse of the American or World financial system would imply you need months' worth of cash.  That's just not feasible, nor is it practical financially.  You should have your emergency fund making at least a bit of interest - 1% or so isn't hard to get right now, and in the near future that may increase substantially if interest rates go up. It also would make you a substantial theft target if it were known you had months' worth of cash around the house (i.e., thousands of dollars).  Safes don't necessarily give you sufficient protection unless you've got a very good safe - commercial ones are only as safe as the ability to crack them and/or transport them is. Now, if you find yourself regularly out at 2am and run out of cash, and you live somewhere that ATMs don't exist, and you find yourself needing to pay cab drivers from time to time after a drunk bender... then I'd keep at least one cab's worth of cash at home.
I think it's great idea.  Many large brokerages give customers access to a pretty sizable list of zero commission, zero load funds.  In this list of funds will certainly be an S&P 500 index.  So you can open your account for free, deposit your $1,000 for free and invest it in an S&P index for no cost.  You'll pay a very negligible amount in annual expense fees and you'll owe taxes on your gain if you have to use the money.  I don't follow the school of thought that all investment money should be in retirement account jail. But I think if you have your spending under control, you have your other finances in order and just want to place money somewhere, you're on the right track with this idea.
Whether an investment is pre-tax is determined by the type of account (i.e., tax-advantaged vs ordinary taxable account), but whether you can invest in individual stocks is determined by the provider (i.e., the particular bank where you have the account).  These are orthogonal choices.  If you want to invest in individual stocks, you need to look for a bank that offers an IRA/401k/other tax-advantaged account and allows you to invest in individual stocks with it.  For example, this page suggests that Fidelity would let you do that.  Obviously you should look into various providers yourself to find one that offers the mix of features you want.
I'm really going to go against the crowd here--paying it too fast could be a problem. The thing is you want them reporting that you paid the bill as agreed.  To do that you need to pay the bills--which means you need to leave the charges there to get billed for.  Paying less than the total is fine, paying as soon as they bill you but before you even get the bill is fine.
If the loan is for a car, or mortgage there is specific paperwork that is processed when the loan payments have been completed. For other types of loans ask the lender, what will they give you regarding the payoff of the loan. Keep this paperwork, in hard copy and electronic form forever.
"I don't work at a ""call center,"" but my last two jobs were customer service where I had to answer the phone on occasion. It's amazing how often I got, ""Finally someone who speaks English!"" People care.   The last time I called in for support and got a call center I knew they were going to transfer me to the US. If I'm calling in for support, it's a really difficult issue that even Google can't solve. The lady in India with no tech degree probably can't either."
I took the Greyhound home for Thanksgiving. It would normally be a 9 hour drive, but with stops the bus trip ended up being 13.  There was more legroom than an airplane and the tickets cost less than gas would have, but my favorite part was the scheduling. I was able to work Wednesday and take an overnight bus. I actually slept pretty well during the 4-hour stretches between stations (I brought a flask full of scotch to make sure). Unfortunately, they kick you off the bus and make you wait for an hour in the loud, brightly-lit stations while they gas up / change drivers.  On the way back, I got to hang out all the way through Sunday and still made it to work Monday morning. Overall, a much better experience than I was expecting.
&gt; Why would the companies pay more  So that we, the taxpayer, don't have to.  Taxpayers shouldn't be in the business of subsidizing corporate wages by providing necessary services that an employee should be able to buy via earned income.
"I don't understand the part about him ""letting"" you hire a second office person. Is he your boss or are you his boss? If you are his boss, and you think you need a second office person, hire one.  Frankly, I think the real problem you have is that you have this one guy who controls everything in his area. Forget about the stealing part -- what happens if he gets hit by a bus tomorrow or quits and finds another job? Is there anyone who can step in and fill in for him immediately?   I would strongly suggest not letting that become an issue. Make sure that he is cross training others on his roles and responsibilities. Not only will it relax your fears about theft. It's also good business practice to have multiple people at least familiar with an area in case someone leaves or takes a vacation."
"To try and address your 'how'  it goes a bit like this. You need to first assess how your stuff is invested, if for example half is in stocks, and the other half is in bonds, then you will need to calculate a 'blended' rate for what are reasonable 'average return' for both. That might mean looking at the S&P500 or Russell 3000 for the stock portion, and some bond index for that portion, then 'blend the rates', in this case using a formula like this then compare the blended rate with the return in your IRA. It is generally a lot more useful to compare the various components of your total return separately, especially if you investing with a particular style such as 'agressive growth' or you are buying actual bonds and not a bond fund since most of the bond oriented indexes are for bond funds, which you can't really compare well with buying and holding bonds to maturity. Lets say your stock side was two mutual funds with different styles, one 'large cap' the other 'aggressive growth'.  In that case you might want to compare each one of those funds with an appropriate index such as those provided by Morningstar  If you find one of them is consistently below the average, you might want to consider finding an alternative fund who's manager has a better track record (bearing in mind that ""past performance...."") For me (maybe someone has a good suggestion here) bonds are the hard thing to judge.  The normal goal of actually owning bonds (as opposed to a fund) is to retain the entire principal value because there's no principal fluctuation if you hold the bond to maturity (as long as you choose well and the issuer doesn't default)   The actual value 'right now' of a bond (as in selling before maturity) and bond funds, goes up and down in an inverse relationship with interest rates.  That means the indexes for such things also go up and down a lot, so it's very hard to compare them to a bond you intend to hold to maturity. Also, for such a bond, there's not a lot of point to 'switch out' unless you are worried about the issuer defaulting.  If rates are up from what you are getting on your bonds, then you'll have to sell your bond at a discount, and all that happens is you'll end up holding a different bond that is worth less, but has higher interest (basically the net return is likely to be pretty much the same).  The better approach there is generally to 'ladder' your maturity dates so you get opportunities to reinvest at whatever the prevailing rates are, without having to sell at a discount..  anyway the point is that I'm not sure there's a lot of value to comparing return on the bond portion of an IRA unless it's invested in bond funds (which a lot of people wanting to preserve principal tend to avoid)"
Yes, and now I'M the person who is drowning the public in debt due to my incompetence! You should see the size of my novelty check I got to bail me out. It's almost as big as my penis.  By the way, my penis can also see the future.
Network with school nurses, education, health care practitioners, hospitals, etc. Offer them discounts and referrals. Even local gyms. Target the right demographics interested in your product. You may have to physically go talk to these people too. Maybe bring some samples. Go to them until they come to you.
don't know why you're being down voted, what you say is true in many markets. Universities are graduating a heck lot of undergrads and unless you have something more than that (say experience in the field) it's getting harder to compete.
There are probably thousands of houses that you could buy. If you want to buy a house, it is very unlikely that the one you are renting right now is the best possible buy.  Usually people living in the houses they own are more interested in the quality of their property and the quality of their neigborhood than people who are renting, so I'd say that you are generally better off finding a home to buy in an area where the majority own their homes.
You're confusing open positions and account balance. Your position in GBP is 1000, that's what you've bought. You then used some of it to buy something else, but to the broker you still have an open position of 1000 GBP. They will only close it when you give them the 1000GBP back. What you do with it until then is none of their business. Your account balance (available funds) in GBP is 10.
GT BIOPHARMA, INC. ANNOUNCES REVERSE STOCK SPILT AS PART OF OXIS-GEORGETOWN PLANNED MERGER LOS ANGELES, CA / ACCESSWIRE / August 21, 2017 / GT Biopharma Inc.   (formerly known as Oxis International, Inc.) announced today a   1-for-300 reverse stock split. Shareholders of GT Biopharma Inc.   (OTCQB: OXIS and Euronext Paris: OXI.PA) will be issued 1 share of   common stock for every 300 shares common stock that they owned. If you owned fewer than 300 shares, they cashed you out.
As far as I'm aware, PINs are only used for in-person transactions, not 'remote' (over the Internet or phone).
You are missing something very significant. The money in a traditional IRA (specifically, a deductible traditional IRA; there is not really any reason to keep a nondeductible traditional IRA anymore) is pre-tax. That means when you pay tax on it when you take it out, you are paying tax on it for the first time. If you take ordinary money to invest it in stocks, and then pay capital gains tax on it when you take it out, that is post-tax money to begin with -- meaning that you have already paid (income) tax on it once. Then you have to pay tax again on the time-value growth of that money (i.e. that growth is earned from money that is already taxed). That means you are effectively paying tax twice on part of that money. If that doesn't make sense to you, and you think that interest, capital gains, etc. is the first time you're paying tax on the money because it's growth, then you have a very simplistic view of money. There's something called time value of money, which means that a certain amount of money is equivalent to a greater amount of money in the future. If you invest $100 now and end up with $150 in the future, that $150 in the future is effectively the same money as the $100 now. Let's consider a few examples. Let's say you have $1000 of pre-tax income you want to invest and withdraw a certain period of time later in retirement. Let's say you have an investment that grows 100% over this period of time. And let's say that your tax rate now and in the future is 25% (and for simplicity, assume that all income is taxed at that rate instead of the tax bracket system). And capital gains tax is 15%. You see a few things: Traditional IRA and Roth IRA are equivalent if the tax rates are the same. This is because, in both cases, you pay tax one time on the money (the only difference between paying tax now and later is the tax rate). It doesn't matter that you're paying tax only on the principal for the Roth and on the principal plus earnings for Traditional, because the principal now is equivalent to the principal plus earnings in the future. And you also see that investing money outside fares worse than both of them. That is because you are paying tax on the money once plus some more. When you compare it against the Roth IRA, the disadvantage is obvious -- in both cases you pay income tax on the principal, but for Roth IRA you pay nothing on the earnings, whereas for the outside stock, you pay some tax on the earnings. What may be less obvious is it is equally disadvantageous compared to a Traditional IRA; Traditional and Roth IRA are equivalent in this comparison. 401(k)s and IRAs have a fundamental tax benefit compared to normal money investment, because they allow money to be taxed only one time. No matter how low the capital gains tax rate it, it is still worse because it is a tax on time-value growth from money that is already taxed.
Why don't you look at the actual funds and etfs in question rather than seeking a general conclusion about all pairs of funds and etfs?  For example, Vanguard's total stock market index fund (VTSAX) and ETF (VTI).  Comparing the two on yahoo finance I find no difference over the last 5 years visually.  For a different pair of funds you may find something very slightly different.   In many cases the index fund and ETF will not have the same benchmark and fees so comparisons get a little more cloudy.  I recall a while ago there was an article that was pointing out that at the time emerging market ETF's had higher fees than corresponding index funds.  For this reason I think you should examine your question on a case-by-case basis.  Index fund and ETF returns are all publicly available so you don't have to guess.
MS lacks the marketing balls to treat the ARM surface as a unique product and treat the intel surface as a win7 laptop with a touch screen. They see value in putting their eggs under the windows 8 umbrella and crosspromoting their virtues. I think that it's a mistake, but one that the media will fix for them.  I understand why they lack the balls. Apple had a 10% market share computer and were entering a new market so tying the Mac and iP_d marketing together wasn't valuable. MS has 90% market share with Windows so connecting everything with Windows is the safe bet. You just don't hit a lot of home runs by bunting.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/taibbi-on-republicans-and-democrats-blocking-drug-reimportation-w485638) reduced by 93%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Drug reimportation would be a no-brainer policy move if actual human beings ran our government.  &gt; Disgust with high prescription drug prices is nearly universal - 77 percent say drug prices are &amp;quot;Unreasonable&amp;quot; - and 71 percent of respondents favor allowing the importation of cheaper drugs from Canada.  &gt; These imported drugs and drug ingredients arrive by way of more than 300,000 foreign food and drug manufacturing facilities that are regularly certified as safe by the FDA. These drugs come from manufacturing facilities not just in Canada but across the globe, from the first world to the third, sometimes using the same kind of degraded and underpaid labor forces we bemoan in other industries.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6ffocr/republicans_and_democrats_continue_to_block_drug/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~137001 tl;drs so far."") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Drug**^#1 **vote**^#2 **importation**^#3 **Trump**^#4 **industry**^#5"
This will likely cause either (a) running out of funds in HSA #2, as   the aggregate $6500 limit is nearing (b) an over-contribution   situation between HSA #1 and HSA #2. .... 2014 HSA contributions are under the limit by $3000. 2015 expenses currently sit at about $3000. The solution is to stop putting money into HSA #2 so that you don't go over the aggregate limit for this tax year; But then using the money in HSA #1 to pay the medical costs. If the person making the contribution had the ability to put money into either HSA then they should have the ability to spend that money from either account. I realize the goal of the April transaction was to be able to effectively put $9500 into the HSA system in CY 2015. With the transaction that missed the deadline by seconds that opportunity is lost. But any medical costs that can be paid with money in HSA #1 should be paid for with money from that account. You don't have to keep funds in HSA #1, while worrying about HSA# 2 running out of funds. The beauty of an HSA is that you can continue to pay medical expenses out of an account for years after you no longer have a High deductible insurance plan. It can even be used in retirement.
The best way to get satisfaction is report them to the appropriate agency that regulates the bank.  This is usually the Office of Comptroller of Currency (OCC), but some banks are regulated by a different agency. However, start with these guys. They can refer you to the right agency if it isn't them. Here is a link to their consumer complaints page The other banks are regulated by the Federal Reserve Board. Here is their consumer complaint page: http://www.federalreserveconsumerhelp.gov Given the current environment where the Government is threatening more regulation of the financial industry, the last thing the banks want right now is a lot of complaints on file, so they have a lot of incentive to try and make you happy if you show that you know who to tattle to.
"Yes you can. One additional ""advantage"" of getting the physical certificate is you can use it to transfer your account from one brokerage to another.  You get the certificates in the mail and then just send them to the new broker. Why anyone would want to go through this extra work (and usually added expense) rather than a direct transfer is beyond me but it is one additional ""advantage"" of physical certificates."
Is she entitled to more of the equity because she made more? No.  Equity should be determined by how much each paid.  But she is entitled to more of the equity if she paid more.  And that may be what she is saying.  That she contributed more to the household's finances than you did.   If you always paid the mortgage out of the joint account, you could presumably go back and look at the account to find out how much each of you contributed to it.  That would give you a reasonable split for the remainder of the equity after your initial investment.  If you both put your entire paychecks into the joint account every time, then it will be the same as the ratio of what you each made.  That would also make sense for splitting up whatever remains in that account.   While you're doing that, you may want to ask for more for your original $65,000.  By my calculation, if your mortgage was 3.5%, that $65,000 saved the household more than $12,000 in interest that became equity instead.  So you could reasonably bump your return on the initial investment up to $77,000 while making the concession on the rest of the equity.   This is just a suggestion for a framework for splitting the equity.  If you can agree on a split, it will almost certainly be easier than going to a mediator or court.
There are two intertwined potential problems that this might create for Russia.  With the embargo there will be less competition in the market place driving up the price of goods.  Also, while I admittedly don't know the capacity Russia has to produce food, it could create a shortage of food for the Russian people further driving up the prices.  This will make it harder for the lower income citizens to buy food, and because food is a necessity the middle and lower classes will have less money to spend on other goods and services.  So while it will be good for the Russian agricultural sector, there may be other serious economic issues created by the embargo.
"Did they just only ask ""how much money do you have in a savings account?"".  I followed the links to the gobankingrates.com site and it seems so.  I could have $2M in a taxable brokerage account with the cash portion in MM, $1M in IRA savings, own my home outright and have 0 in a savings account.  A savings account is stupid, btw."
"It's simple. At 100% match, it would take a ""long"" time for bad fees to negate the benefit. Longer than the average person stays with one company.  Even though $50/10 shares is crazy, if you wait till you have $500, it's 10%. Still crazy, but you are still getting 90% of the match. I'd avoid this, however, and just go with the closest thing they have to an S&P fund. Invest outside this account to save the right amount to fund your retirement. 2% total isn't enough, obviously."
His proposed solution would probably centralize the web more than any advertising based model could. After mergers and acquisitions, we'd end up with One Platform To Rule Them All, managing fee-based transactions and making the Microsoft of the late 90s look like a startup.   Goodbye, net neutrality. Hello, fast lanes and metered content plans. Goodbye, niche content and dissenting voices. Hello, ads directing you to the most profitable content.
"Well first, this program wouldn't exclude people from privately funding their own education if they have the resources. But second, the investors wouldn't be investing in individuals but entire classes so it isn't whether or not an individual student is worth the investment but whether or not that academic program was worth an investment. If a basic physics degree from a particular university was typically attracting people that were going to school for ""knowledge and a deep understanding of the world"" then the investors would demand a larger fraction of the student's future income,  which, presumably, the students would be OK with since they weren't ""wanting an 'income'""."
With out a doubt: commercial real estate.  Those that have significant amounts of money, and want to make lots more usually end up investing a chunk of their portfolio in commercial real estate.  Everyone finds a way to make money elsewhere, but there’s no comparison to the incentives and returns in real estate when you have tens or hundreds of millions of $ at your disposal.  Have money, make money.
Subsiding green and taxing pollutants seems to be the only way to mitigate climate change. Businesses are required by law to maximize profit, which means polluting if it makes you more money.  Or I guess the fundamental nature of businesses could change.
I will be messaging you on [**2017-09-21 23:47:45 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2017-09-21 23:47:45 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of [**this link.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/6oqga3/a_mystery_trader_just_made_a_massive_bet_that_the/dkjog1s)  [**52 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[https://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/6oqga3/a_mystery_trader_just_made_a_massive_bet_that_the/dkjog1s]%0A%0ARemindMe!  2 months) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete Comment&amp;message=Delete! dkjog91)  _____  |[^(FAQs)](http://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/)|[^(Custom)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=[LINK INSIDE SQUARE BRACKETS else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add the time options after the command.%0A%0ARemindMe!)|[^(Your Reminders)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List Of Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders!)|[^(Feedback)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&amp;subject=Feedback)|[^(Code)](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)|[^(Browser Extensions)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions/) |-|-|-|-|-|-|
Amazon Dash and this acquisition happening around the same time, the direction of travel seems pretty obvious.  Buy a business with existing supply chains with good producers, with existing grocery storage space all over and with a good existing reputation, and release a product to allow consumers to make near-instant orders whenever they want around the same time...
Did you plan on providing evidence or were you just arguing without any support for your claim?  Why does working 70 hours/wk make your chances improve.  I know plenty of people in finance who have no chance of 250k and work 70hr weeks.
&gt;What do you think of the argument that corporations shouldn't pay any tax, since investors pay tax on the dividends, and if the corporations paid too, that would be double taxation?  Nobody that's actually serious makes this argument (at least not the way that you wrote it).  Some people argue that corporate taxes should be eliminated and that capital gains and dividends should be taxed the same as ordinary income.
How you are taxed will depend on what kind of stock awards they are. The value will be determined by the company that issues it, and appropriate tax forms will be sent to you to include with your taxes. The way the value is determined is an accounting question that is off-topic here, but the value will be stated on your stock award paperwork. If you are awarded the stock directly then that value will be taxed as ordinary income. If you are awarded options, then you can purchase the stock to start the clock on long-term capital gains, but you will not incur any tax liability through the initial purchase.  If the company is sold privately and you have held the stock for over 1 year, then yes, it will be taxed as a long-term capital gain. If you receive/exercise the stock less than 1 year before such an acquisition, then it will be considered a short-term capital gain and will be taxed as ordinary income.
"ITR1 or ITR2 needs to be filed. Declare the income through freelancing in the section ""income from other sources"""
I dunno. I don't see prop 65 moving *any* opinions, either yours or the people you complain about.  An aside, there is definitely factual research that says Roundup ready monocrops are worse than other styles of farming (depends on what metric you focus on). And Monsanto is one of the last sources of information I trust given their behavior as a corporation. It's actually pretty reasonable to be skeptical of Monsanto irrespective of fringe beliefs.
There is a technique called the Elliott wave which explains these 'shocks'. The reversal directions you are questioning are part of the pattern, it is known as corrections. The Elliott wave is an indicator based on psychology of investors. Think about it this way, if you see a huge up trend what are you most likely to do, sell and make profit or continue, this is why there is a shock before it continues. Many people will sell to be safe, especially after hearing the bad news they won't risk it. By learning the Elliott wave you'll be able to make an educated decision on whether or not to stay or leave. Here are websites on the Elliott wave: http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?id=chart_school:market_analysis:elliott_wave_theory http://www.swing-trade-stocks.com/elliott-wave.html The Elliott wave is helpful in any time frame and works well with momentum. Hope this helps.
This all depends on your timeline and net worth.  If you're short on time before you plan to start spending it or have a large net worth, parking some of your money in CDs is a good idea. If you have lots of time or not much net worth, then index funds are a better bet. Equity or dividend index funds are the way to go when you have 10+ years before you reach your goal. CDs major downside is that they don't beat inflation 1 - 3% a year. This is why you only use them when it's absolutely critical you hold onto every penny of the principal. The reason is because with CDs your 10k is actually losing its value (not the principal) the longer you leave it in CDs. I generally wouldn't recommend CDs unless you are in or approaching your 60s or have assets over 500k. Even still I would limit the use of CDs to no more than 20%. I would view them as catastrophic loss protection.
First, I don't claim to have all the answers, but can appreciate the dialogue and question you're posing.  As you stated, you love the overall advertising experience and, I'm assuming, sales generation from those experiences. Since, that is how you'll generate revenue.  Integrated marketing, to me, has always seemed like an especially narrow subject matter. I don't mean that it is simply or easy by any means, but rather you become a story teller in the advertising world and your story is to impact your target audience in a particular way. I'll use myself as an example: I am a former college athlete and currently work in sales/marketing/supply chain. I watch a lot of sports with my two sons and saw the recent Gatorade ad about in order to win, you have to lose. That ad has stuck in my head because I know that commitment from athletics to school to work. It's a brilliant concept that has me hooked. To me, that is what IMC is all about. A concept that was tailored to tell a story of success through failure and having athletes that repeat that story. A truly hand crafted product that now has me opt for a Gatorade when leaving the gym.   When I consider marketing, as a whole, I don't think of these types of tailored situations, but rather the whole puzzle. Marketing, and its counterpart analytics, create a solid shape for a business to thrive. Your personal sales lines and how your sales people are performing are a part of your marketing potential. Customer service to build relations and increase your net promoter scores. Technical applications to develop products that are in line with customer demand and, in turn, the supply chain foresight to deliver on said products. All of it is marketing.   Hope this helps.
You need to track every buy and sell to track your gains, or more likely, losses. Yes, you report each and every transactions. Pages of schedule D.
They don't track checks at all. If you make a cash transaction for an amount that exceeds the reporting limit (circa $10K), then a Currency Transaction Report will be filed with the US Department of the Treasury (not IRS, but close) about it. This is to detect and prevent money laundering.
I was down in San Diego recently and talking with a friend while at dinner. I was complaining that the housing in my area had gone up and a starter 3/2 was getting into the ~415k range.  I guess houses in not even good parts of SD are in the 600k range minimum.
"When is the best time to pay? At the end of each year? If you save $1,000 each month at 1% so as to pay $12,000 at EOY on a 4.75% loan, you've lost ""4.75% - 1% = 3.75%"" over that year.  (And that's presuming you put the money in a ""high yield"" online savings account.) Thus, the best time to pay is as soon as you have the money. EDIT: This all assumes that you have an emergency fund (more than the bare minimum $1K), zero other debt with a higher rate than 4.75% and that you are getting the full company match from 401(k)."
I hadn't heard them called the four horsemen before hah (usually the big four or some variant of that), but I can confirm that not having time to spend what you make is a problem when working at one of them. Which is one of the big reasons I left after a few years, got better pay and far better working conditions. Wouldn't have been able to nab the job though, had I not worked there, so it is a bit of a catch-22.
AIUI credit cards report three main things. The potential problem with your strategy is that by pre loading you never actually get a bill and so your provider may not report your payments. Better to wait until the bill comes and then pay it in full. That ensures that your use of the card is properly reported.
"This is a poor example really. It's not necessary to measure inequality from the position of a janitor. It's more illustrative to measure it from the educated middle class, who have also fallen sharply in household wealth relative to the 1%. This trend is more surprising and disturbing as it runs counter to the great 20th century trend of a rising middle class.  If you want to understand inequality just look at the rate of investment and the relative rate of return achieved by the 1%  Not only is the wealth of the 1% increasing, it is increasing at a faster rate.   Needless to say that difference compounds over time.  Until we have an extended period of the wealthy losing money at a faster rate than the less wealthy, inequality will rise. And also needless to say, that scenario is forever and always unacceptable to the 1%  It's easy to talk about solutions to inequality right up until someone asks ""How are we going to make the wealthy less wealthy in a relative sense?""  At which point you realize there are no serious efforts being made against inequality."
"ETFs are well suited to day trading, but you should be mindful of the bid-ask spread. See article: Commission-free ETFs are a great way to save money, but watch the bid-ask spread too. Bid-ask spread is largely a function of liquidity, or the volume of   buyers and sellers for an asset during a particular moment in time.   ... It may be more difficult to trade certain assets that are less   liquid, where bid-ask spreads can be higher. Think some penny stocks. If you have the choice, compare the spreads of the ETF and the target stock. Longer-term ""keep & hold"" trading on ETFs tracking futures can be somewhat disadvantageous.  Futures contracts roll-over every month.  Exchange traders have to sell and buy in on the next contract.  ETFs don't reflect the price differential between the futures contract. See here for more detail on that: Positioning For An Oil ETF Rebound? Watch For Contango Contango occurs when the price on a futures contract is higher than   the expected future spot price, which creates the upward sloping curve   on future commodity prices over time. Essentially, the phenomenon   reflects a current spot price that is lower than the futures price.   ... While this phenomena is a normal occurrence in the futures market,   contango can have a negative effect on ETFs."
"From my understanding, a CDS is a financial product to buy protection against an event of ""default"" (default of payment). Example: if General Motors owes me money $10,000,000 (because I own GM bonds for example) and I wish to protect myself against the event of GM not repaying the money they owe me (event called ""credit default""), I pay FinancialCompany_X (the seller of the CDS) perhaps $250,000 per year against the promise that FinancialCompany_X will pay me in case GM is not paying me. This way I protected myself against that risk. FinancialCompany_X took the risk (against money). A CDS is in fact an insurance. Except they don't call it an insurance which enabled the financial industry to avoid the regulation that applies to insurances. There is a lot of infos here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Credit_default_swap"
"This makes sense  If a common item is in stock at a local retailer, I will buy it  If it is out of stock, or uncommon..I always buy online  I find it funny when the dude behind the counter says..""we don't have it, but I can order it for you""  I say ""I can order it myself"""
Essentially, this article points to having the Fed, ie taxpayers run a bank. First, it's not what the PO is and is chartered to do. All the pols have screwed the pooch by laying on rules and benefit mandates to make the USPS almost unworkable. The Feds are incapable of pulling this off. Now if the Service acts like a front/kiosk for pay for a bank without putting tax dollars in risk, that's an idea.
In addition to the answer from CQM, let me answer your 'am I missing anything?' question. Then I'll talk about how your approach of simplifying this is making it both harder and easier for you. Last I'll show what my model for this would look like, but if you aren't capable of stacking this up yourself, then you REALLY shouldn't be borrowing 10,000 to try to make money on the margin. Am I missing anything? YES. You're forgetting (1) taxes, specifically income tax, and (2) sales commissions//transaction fees.  On the first: You have not considered anything in your financial model for taxes. You should include at least 25% of your expected returns going to taxes, because anything that you buy... and then sell within 12 months... is taxed as income. Not capital gains. On the second: you will incur sales commissions and/or transaction fees depending on the brokerage you are using for your plan. These tend to vary widely, but I would expect to spend at least $25 per sale. So if I were building out this model I would think that your break-even would have to at least cover: monthly interest + monthly principal payment income tax when sold commissions and broker's fees every time you sell holdings On over-simplifying: You have the right idea with thinking about both interest and principal in trying to sketch this out. But as I mentioned above, you're making this both harder and easier for yourself. You are making it harder because you are doing the math wrong. The actual payment for this loan (assuming it is a normal loan) can be found most easily with the PMT function in Excel: =PMT(rate,NPER,PV,FV)... =PMT(.003, 24, -10000, 0). That returns a monthly payment  (of principal + interest) of 432.47.  So you actually are over-calculating the payment by $14/month with your ballpark approach. However, you didn't actually have all the factors in the model to begin with, so that doesn't matter much.  You are making it artificially easier because you have not thought about the impact of repaying principal. What I mean is this--in your question you indicate:  I'm guessing the necessary profit is just the total interest on this loan = 0.30%($10000)(24) = $720 USD ? So I'll break even on this loan - if and only if - I make $720 from stocks over 24 months (so the rate of return is 720/(10000 + 720) = 6.716%). This sounds great-- all you need is a 6.716% total return across two years. But, assuming this is a normal loan and not an 'interest-only' loan, you have to get rid of your capital a little bit at a time to pay back the loan. In essence, you will pay back 1/3 of your principal the first year... and then you have to keep making the same Fixed interest + principal payments out of a smaller base of capital.  So for the first few months you can cover the interest easily, but by the end you have to be making phenomenal returns to cover it.  Here is how I would build a model for it (I actually did... and your breakeven is about 1.019% per month. At that outstanding 12.228% annual return you would be earning a whopping $4.) At least as far as the variables are concerned, you need to be considering: Your current capital balance (because month 1 you may have $10,000 but month 2 you have just 9,619 after paying back some principal).  Your rate of return (if you do this in Excel you can play with it some, but you should save the time and just invest somewhere else.) Your actual return that month (rate of return * existing capital balance).  Loan payment = 432 for the parameters you gave earlier.  Income tax = (Actual Return) * (.25). With this kind of loan, you're not actually making enough to preserve the 10,000 capital and you're selling everything you've gained each month.  Commission = ($25 per month) ... assuming that covers your trade fees and broker commissions. I guarantee you that this is not the deal breaker in the model, so don't get excited if you think I'm over-estimating this and you realize that Scottrade or somewhere will let you have trades at $7.95 each.   Monthly ending balance == next month's starting capital balance.  Stack it all up in Excel for 24 months and see for yourself if you like. The key thing you left out is that you're repaying each month out of capital that you'd like to use to invest with. This makes you need much higher returns.  Even if your initial description wasn't clear and this is an interest-only loan, you're still looking at a rate of about 7.6% annually that you need to hit in order to just break even on the costs of holding the loan and transferring your gains into cash.
A bank is unlikely to provide a 'command line' interface because typical users consider a graphical interface easier to use than a command line interface. The extra effort in providing a command line interface for the remaining handful of people isn't worth it. It's the same reason that everything else in the world has a point and click interface. Command line-like features, such as easy repetition and keystroke shortcuts are also unlikely to implemented for the same reasons. They are hard to implement in a web interface, and most people aren't interested in them. Most people have only a few accounts and don't need to download multiple files on a frequent basis. They do typically provide link shortcuts to commonly used features. However all online banking works by implementing the HTTP protocol in some way. You should be able to deduce the HTTP transactions necessary to get the information you want, and implement your own 'command-line'style' interface, or any other interface you want. That won't be easy, especially since you will almost certainly have to implement the security protocols too, but it should be possible.
"The refund may offset your liability for the next year, especially if you are a Schedule ""C"" filer.  By having your refund applied to the coming year's taxes you are building a 'protection' against a potentially high liability if you were planning to sell a building that was a commercial building and would have Capital Gains. Or you sold stock at a profit that would also put you in the Capital Gain area.  You won a large sum in a lottery, the refund could cushion a bit of the tax. In short, if you think you will have a tax liability in the current year then on the tax return you are filing for the year that just past, it may be to your benefit to apply the refund.  If you owe money  from a prior year, the refund will not be sent to you so you will not be able to roll it forward.    One specific example is you did qualify in the prior year for the ACA.  If in the year you are currently in- before you file your taxes-- you realize that you will have to pay at the end of the current year, then assigning your refund will pay part or all of the liability. Keep in mind that the 'tax' imposed due to ACA is only collected from your refunds.  If you keep having a liability to pay  or have no refunds due to you, the liability is not collected from you."
"They're not all ""bad at math borrowers"". How would you like it if you applied for a mortgage, very carefully reviewed all the paperwork, and then the mortgage broker simply transposes your signature to another set of documents with different rates?  People got screwed because the companies often screwed them. For every person with zero income who got a home, who's no worse off now than before, there's dozens who got refinanced and later thrown out on the street when their rates magically reset."
Content is considered as the king of the digital marketing strategies, as content can attract a lot of people with the help of best local seo in Dubai and can make them stay on the website for a long time. Just like communication can help you in terms of digital marketing agency uae, content helps you grasp many people in the digital marketing world. To be a king of this world, you need to be updated on the current trends and SEO daddy loves the updates on digital marketing.
From what you have typed Up, this is very impressive I would not be surprised if you could squeeze another 50,000-100,000 out of this car. Honda has a good reputation for making reliable cars. Also from your post you mentioned that your are not too car savvy. Dealership repair are usually unnecessary after the car is off warranty reason being that most if not all repairs will be 2-3x more than a good reputable local shop. Also many aftermarket parts are just As good if not better than dealership car parts and not to mention that with Hondas the options are Endless...parts are easy to come by. Buying a new car has some benefits but usually it ends up being more expensive to go new vs maintaining an older car. At this point in time, you can save the most money by finding a local reputable shop to do your repairs, there is no point in going with the dealer, also if you are using regular motor oil ( not synthetic) you don't need to change it every 3,000 miles like the dealer says, oil technology has improved so much that you can go 5,000 miles with no problem, just make sure your oil level it topped off. I will say this though anything electrical that is an issue is a good reason to get rid of the car.
Poster forgot to mention his age (range). If you're aged 50 or more, you are allowed a catch-up of $6000 in addition to the $18000 max deferral amount to your 401k (2015-2017) IRS Retirement Topics - Catch-Up Contributions
Banks will be the ones running the service, just like JPMorgan runs the EBT system. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/10/01/jp-morgan-s-food-stamp-empire.html  Same with subprime mortgages - they say we need these programs to help the little people but it was really just to let banks issue moar debt knowing the gov would backstop them. And those people lost their fake home equity anyway.  You have to wonder at what point people will realize [we don't need banks](/r/Bitcoin ) any more than we need snail-mail today. This proposal is the merger of two dead and incredibly wasteful industries, both propped up by .gov.
"The statistic you cited comes from the Federal Reserve Board's Survey of Consumer Finances, a survey that they do every three years, most recently in 2013.  This was reported in the September 2014 issue of the Federal Reserve Bulletin.  They list the percentage of Americans with any type of debt as 74.5 in 2013, down slightly from 74.9 in 2010. The Bulletin also has a table with a breakdown of the types of debt that people have, and primary residence mortgages are at the top of the list.  So the answer is yes, the 75% statistic includes Americans with home mortgages.* The bigger question is, are you really ""in debt"" if you have a home mortgage?  The answer to that is also yes.  When you take out a mortgage, you really do own the house.  You decide who lives there, you decide what changes you are going to make to it, and you are responsible for the upkeep.  But the mortgage debt you have is secured by the house.  This means that if you refuse to pay, the bank is allowed to take possession of the house.  They don't even get the ""whole"" house, though; they will sell it to recoup their losses, and give you back whatever equity you had in the house after the loan is satisfied. Is it good debt?  Many people think that if you are borrowing money to purchase an appreciating asset, the debt is acceptable.  With this definition, a car loan is bad, credit card debt is very bad, and a home mortgage might be okay.  Even Dave Ramsey, radio host and champion of the debt-free lifestyle, is not opposed to home mortgages.  Home mortgages allow people to purchase a home that they would otherwise be unable to afford. * Interestingly, according to the bulletin appendix, credit card balances were only included as debt for the survey purposes if there was a balance after the most recent bill was paid, not including purchases made after the bill.  So people that do not carry a balance on their credit card were not considered ""in debt"" in this statistic."
If you are allowed to do that then you have a lot of options. Mainly, look at competitor offers and think about consumer utility.   Papa John's is a bit different though because i see them as catering to middle class when really I think those people have dropped their consumption of papa John's sort of goods so really, papa John's should be targeting the same demographic as pizza hut/dominoes.   However, if they do compete in that sphere it is an open announcement of where they stand and I think papa John's thinks too highly of themselves in that regard.   Imo, offer something similar to Costco take out pizza 9.99 for a x-large supreme and that should do a bit. However, lower amount of toppings, but same variety etc. That's pretty much what dominoes did with their large 3 topping carry out. They just lowered the amount of toppings volume wise.
"As others have stated, CEO's often make more than 200K, and when they do, they're compensated with stock options and other lucrative bonuses and deals that allow them to build wealth above and beyond the face value of their salary. However, remember that having wealth makes it easier to build further wealth. As Victor pointed out, having wealth allows you to increase your wealth in different kinds of investments. Also, it gives you access to more human capital, e.g. wealth management services at firms like Northern Trust, a greater ability to diversify into investments like hedge funds, more abilities to invest abroad through foreign trusts, etc. Also, you have to realize that wealthier people often pay a lower percentage in taxes than people who earn a salary. In the US, long-term capital gains are taxed at a much lower rate than income, so wealthy individuals who earn much of their money from long-term investments won't pay nearly as high a rate. In my case, my current salary places me at the top of the 25% tax bracket (in the US), but if I earned all of my income through long-term capital gains instead of salary, I would only pay around 15-20% in taxes. Plus, I could afford numerous tax accounting firms to help me find ways to pay fewer taxes. It's not altruism that causes CEOs like Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg to take a $1 salary.  This isn't directly related to CEOs, and I'm not leveling accusations of corruption against high net worth individuals, but I remember spending a few months in a small town in a country known for its corruption. The mayor had recently purchased a home worth the equivalent of several million dollars, on his annual civil servant salary of approximately $20K. One of the students asked him how he managed to afford such a sizable property, and he replied ""I live very frugally."" This is probably a relatively rare case (I'm sure it depends on the country), but nevertheless, it illustrates another way that some people build wealth."
Yes, past option prices are available for many options, but as far as I know not for free.  You can get them from, for example, OptionMetrics.  Probably there are other providers as well, which may be cheaper for an individual or small institution. OptionMetrics data comes from the National Best Bid and Offer.  Probably there are some over-the-counter options that are not included here, but for someone asking this question, OptionMetrics will most likely have the option you are interested in.
I am assuming you are asking for Tax purposes. In Oregon, there is a distinction between Full-Year and Partial-Year residency for Tax purposes. You are most likely considered a Partial-Year resident since you moved into the state last year. However, there are also special conditions under which you might be considered a Full-Year resident, so check out the state's tax residency rules here
"Absolutely hilarious, why would a times editor approve releasing such a ridiculous article?    I'm not going to bother to write out an argument.  I do want to note I just find it hilarious a company like Google that's been publicly acknowledging their lackings in diversity and set strategies &amp; initiatives to address it, while honestly admitting their progress, is getting skewered by the hot-take fanatics.    ..while you look at the industry, and it's so much worse.  Microsoft, AWS, IBM, Oracle, etc. have the same problems, most of them worse  (though not 100%, so please correct me).  I saw an actual Microsoft recruiter, not a contractor, post on LinkedIn, ""hey ladies, google just released a memo that they don't respect women. come work at microsoft""    ...That's when I realized for a lot of people this has become about other things...."
Most likely this is connected with new banking regulations related to the Patriot Act, which require banks to be much more inquisitive about their customers and their money. The requirements are mostly about new accounts, but there may be some provisions to backfill this information for existing accounts.
"While I certainly agree with the principle of paying down debt, there is some value in having a healthy cash cushion.  If an emergency expense were to come up, and your credit has been cut-off or reduced to the point where you have no excess credit, then having real cash on hand is critical. I would perform the following thought-experiment:  What if my available credit had been cut off?  How much would I need in cash to survive for 1 month, 3 months, 5 months, etc.?  Consider what time period you'd be comfortable with, and set that amount as your minimum desired cash on hand. While it may seem extreme to not have access to credit at all, during the credit crisis many banks and lenders ""tightened"" their lending: reducing credit limits, closing lines of credit, calling loans, raising rates, etc. Suze Orman recommends cash savings equivalent to 8 months living expenses. That doesn't mean 8 months salary, but 8 months of what it would take to live on.  At one point, in the midst of the economic crisis, I thought that made sense. The Simple Dollar blog considers Suze's recommendation and the idea of emergency fund vs. debt repayment.  Worth reading: Is Suze Right? Do Emergency Funds Now Trump Debt Repayment?."
"Ditto to MD-Tech, but from a more ""philosophical"" point of view: When you buy stock, you own it, just like you own a cell phone or a toaster or a pair of socks that you bought. The difference is that a share of stock means that you own a piece of a corporation. You can't physically take possession of it and put it in your garage, because if all the stock-holders did that, then all the company's assets would be scattered around all the stock-holder's garages and the company couldn't function. Like if you bought a 1/11 share in a football team, you couldn't take one of the football players home and keep him in your closet, because then the team wouldn't be able to function. (I might want to take one of the cheerleaders home, but that's another subject ...) In pre-electronic times, you could get a piece of paper that said, ""XYZ Corporation - 1 share"". You could take physical possession of this piece of paper and put it in your filing cabinet. I'm not sure if you can even get such certificates any more; I haven't seen one in decades. These days it's just recorded electronically. That doesn't mean that you don't own it. It just means that someone else is keeping the records for you. It's like leaving your car in a parking lot. It's still your car. The people who run the parking lot doesn't own it. They are keeping it for you, but just because they have physical possession doesn't make it theirs."
"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irrational_exuberance  &gt; Clearly, sustained low inflation implies less uncertainty about the future, and lower risk premiums imply higher prices of stocks and other earning assets. We can see that in the inverse relationship exhibited by price/earnings ratios and the rate of inflation in the past. But how do we know when irrational exuberance has unduly escalated asset values, which then become subject to unexpected and prolonged contractions as they have in Japan over the past decade?  &gt; — ""The Challenge of Central Banking in a Democratic Society"", 1996-12-05"
I would recommend that go through some forums where commodities topics be discussed so that if you have some issues related any point in commodities investment you will easily get your question sort out.
"Don't worry!  Every country is a housecat compared to us.  We also have a lot more excuses where that came from, to make sure we NEVER change.  We'll run ourselves into the ground before we let anyone try to ""fix"" us!"
It doesn't change anything whatsoever about the underlying company.  I had a discussion like this during a case study in my Financial Statement Analysis class. It was a discussion about revenue recognition from the sales of iPhones, and whether it would be better for Apple if the regulation was changed to allow immediate recognition rather than deferring the income.  My argument is that it didn't matter one bit, because nothing is changing about how the company is actually run. Cash flow in and out of the company doesn't change. Maybe the accountants will have to work slightly shorter hours or something, but that's negligible.   The Accounting majors largely disagreed with me, while the Finance majors largely agreed.
What does this have to do with capitalism?   To me, this seems like the obvious move when the corporate tax rate is much lower in other countries.  Politicians can only steal from you for so long before you start realizing you have other options.  Maybe nike doesn't want to fund neverending war in the middle east?  I know I don't. Yet my money is taken from me every year to fund it.
Selling a home by yourself, without an expensive real estate broker, is easier than most people think, but it will take some work on your part. You will be doing a lot of things that a real estate agent might normally do.
Its also because most people aren't affected or even made aware.    &gt;Companies don't give a shit because it doesn't cost them customers.  Even tho it does and has.  Comcast is fighting tooth and nail now to keep customers and try and gain some because enough people are fed up with them, but there loads of people have been directly affected by their service.  Here isn't the case.
"I was going to ask, ""Do you feel lucky, punk?"" but then it occurred to me that the film this quote came from, Dirty Harry, starring Clint Eastwood, is 43 years old.  And yet, the question remains. The stock market, as measured by the S&P has returned 9.67%  compounded over the last 100 years. But with a standard deviation just under 20%, there are years when you'll do better and years you'll lose. And I'd not ignore the last decade which was pretty bad, a loss for the decade.  There are clearly two schools of thought. One says that no one ever lost sleep over not having a mortgage payment. The other school states that at the very beginning, you have a long investing horizon, and the chances are very good that the 30 years to come will bring a return north of 6%. The two decades prior to the last were so good that these past 30 years were still pretty good, 11.39% compounded.  There is no right or wrong here. My gut says fund your retirement accounts to the maximum. Build your emergency fund. You see, if you pay down your mortgage, but lose your job, you'll still need to make those payments. Once you build your security, think of the mortgage as the cash side of your investing, i.e. focus less on the relatively low rate of return (4.3%) and more on the eventual result, once paid, your cash flow goes up nicely.   Edit - in light of the extra information you provided, your profile reads that you have a high risk tolerance. Low overhead, no dependents, and secure employment combine to lead me to this conclusion. At 23, I'd not be investing at 4.3%. I'd learn how to invest in a way I was comfortable with, and take it from there.  Disclosure (Updated) - I am older, and am semi-retired. I still have some time left on the mortgage, but it doesn't bother me, not at 3.5%. I also have a 16 year old to put through college but her college account i fully funded."
Nobody is envisioning a society that has fundamental changes built into it to accomodate people who have smartphones built into their brains and robot arms. It will just happen as needed and desired, at which point you and all the other worrywarts can fuckin' deal with it.
&gt;economic and social plans that are created and supported by people that come from urban backgrounds Do. Not. Work  neither do regressive, outdated, religion based plans but yet you all keep voting for it.    &gt; and if I'm right farming isn't a dying industry  small farms are in fact dying and being swallowed up by big agri business, not saying I agree with this but it's happening and again you all keep voting in people that support big business take overs and sweep the man on the ground aside with last week's news all because these politicians have an R by their name.
Yes, by paying double the amount each month you would have in effect paid the loan off in less than half the time. For $13000 at 3% over 60 months your monthly repayments would be $233.59. If you double your monthly repayments to $467.18 you would end up paying the loan off by the end of the 29th months, more than halving your loan term, as long as there are no penalties for paying the loan off early.
The true answer is it depends because  it is up to the credit card issuer to follow the right path when issuing a replacement credit card. http://www.bankrate.com/finance/credit-cards/will-replacement-card-hurt-my-score.aspx Typically, issuers will transfer the account history to the new trade line, says Barry Paperno, the consumer operations manager at FICO, the creator of the FICO scoring formula. The new account should have the old open date, so you should retain your payment history, he says. The credit limit and balance should also stay the same. http://blog.credit.com/2014/02/lost-or-stolen-credit-card-hurt-your-credit-scores-76724/ How Issuers Report Replacement Cards We asked the major card issuers how they report replacement cards to credit reporting agencies: American Express: The new card has the same open date and “Member Since” year as the previous card. The balance on the old account number is transferred to the new account number. All payment history transfers over. Bank of America: All transactions and account history are transferred to the new account number when there is a card replacement or renewal. Capital One: The new account number with all the original account data (original open date, etc.) is reported along with a notification to the bureaus that the new account number is replacing the old.  The two tradelines can then be ‘merged’ into one, so that all the applicable payment history, balance, etc. is now under the new account number. Chase: The original tradeline does not change. The history on the account remains, just the account number field is updated with the new account number. There is no “new” tradeline in this scenario.
Are you currently trapped under the type of attractiveness to a lender,? Take action to improve your current conditions. One of the ways that you could re-establish your credit rating would be to advantageous all of your obligations quickly. The very best on the internet poor credit financial loans businesses are frequently certified through the condition.
"A growth fund is looking to invest in stocks that will appreciate in stock price over time as the companies grow revenues and market share. A dividend fund is looking to invest in stocks of companies that pay dividends per share.  These may also be called ""income"" funds. In general, growth stocks tend to be younger companies and tend to have a higher volatility - larger up and down swings in stock price as compared to more established companies.  So, growth stocks are a little riskier than stocks of more established/stable companies. Stocks that pay dividends are usually more established companies with a good revenue stream and well established market share who don't expect to grow the company by leaps and bounds.  Having a stable balance sheet over several years and paying dividends to shareholders tends to stabilize the stock price - lower volatility, less speculation, smaller swings in stock price.  So, income stocks are considered lower risk than growth stocks.   Funds that invest in dividend stocks are looking for steady reliable returns - not necessarily the highest possible return. They will favor lower, more reliable returns in order to avoid the drama of high volatility and possible loss of capital. Funds that invest in growth stocks are looking for higher returns, but with that comes a greater risk of losing value.  If the fund manager believes an industry sector is on a growth path, the fund may invest in several small promising companies in the hopes that one or two of them will do very well and make up for lackluster performance by the rest. As with all stock investments, there are no guarantees.  Investing in funds instead of individual stocks allows you invest in multiple companies to ride the average - avoid large losses if a single company takes a sudden downturn.  Dividend funds can lose value if the market in general or the industry sector that the fund focuses on takes a downturn."
Most of them use TA or hopeful rumours to bet on. If you wanted to get into crypto from a solid fundamental base, it's probably too late. Most of the cryptocoins' returns (if any) don't match up to their valuation and pretty much all of them are in some form of beta. People are smelling the possible revolution that the underlying blockchain technology may bring to our current systems but are misplacing blockchain tech with the cryptocoins themselves.  For correlation it's not very sophisticated but think of each cryptocoin as a company and you can draw lots of parallels. You can evaluate their returns (from their whitepaper), underlying technology, potential market share, their team, market sentiment, USP, comparison with other similar cryptocoins (also look at bubble markets in other technological revolutions), industry threats/potential.  It's not impossible to make money, if the dotcom bubble is anything to go by there is clear precedent for survivors to thrive, it's more of a question of do you understand how everything works well enough to predict the survivors, if there even are going to be any?
There was a book written by Harry Dent in the early 90's that talked about the approaching demographic problem. The simple version of his theory is that people spend the most money between 45-49, after which people begin to become a drain on the economy as they utilize government benefits and begin draining retirement plans.   Boomers are moving out of this range and there is no group substantially large enough to follow them, according to him, until the mid 2020s when the Echo Boomers come through.   While he had some things way off and, u fortunately, seems to be overcompensating as of late and only hawking his newsletters, he had some great points in his first book.   To me, you can't fudge those numbers and what he said makes a lot of sense. That seems to be very similar to this article.
Yes, theoretically you can flip the shares you agreed to buy and make a profit, but you're banking on the market behaving in some very precise and potentially unlikely ways.  In practice it's very tricky for you to successfully navigate paying arbitrarily more for a stock than it's currently listed for, and selling it back again for enough to cover the difference.  Yes, the price could drop to $28, but it could just as easily drop to $27.73 (or further) and now you're hurting, before even taking into account the potentially hefty commissions involved. Another way to think about it is to recognize that an option transaction is a bet; the buyer is betting a small amount of money that a stock will move in the direction they expect, the seller is betting a large amount of money that the same stock will not.  One of you has to lose.  And unless you've some reason to be solidly confident in your predictive powers the loser, long term, is quite likely to be you. Now that said, it is possible (particularly when selling puts) to create win-win scenarios for yourself, where you're betting one direction, but you'd be perfectly happy with the alternative(s).   Here's an example.  Suppose, unrelated to the option chain, you've come to the conclusion that you'd be happy paying $28 for BBY.  It's currently (June 2011) at ~$31, so you can't buy it on the open market for a price you'd be happy with.  But you could sell a $28 put, promising to buy it at that price should someone want to sell it (presumably, because the price is now below $28). Either the put expires worthless and you pocket a few bucks and you're basically no worse off because the stock is still overpriced by your estimates, or the option is executed, and you receive 100 shares of BBY at a price you previously decided you were willing to pay.  Even if the list price is now lower, long term you expect the stock to be worth more than $28.  Conceptually, this makes selling a put very similar to being paid to place a limit order to buy the stock itself. Of course, you could be wrong in your estimate (too low, and you now have a position that might not become profitable; too high, and you never get in and instead just watch the stock gain in value), but that is not unique to options - if you're bad at estimating value (which is not to be confused with predicting price movement) you're doomed just about whatever you do.
What explains the most of the future returns of a portfolio is the allocation between asset classes. In the long term, stock investments are almost certain to return more than any other kinds of investments. For 40+ years, I would choose a portfolio of 100% stocks. How to construct the portfolio, then? Diversification is the key. You should diversify in time (don't put a large sum of money into your stock portfolio immediately; if you have a large sum to invest, spread it around several years). You should diversify based on company size (invest in both large and small companies). You should also diversify internationally (don't invest in just US companies). If you prefer to pick individual stocks, 20 very carefully selected stocks may provide enough diversification if you keep diversification in mind during stock picking. However, careful stock picking cannot be expected to yield excess returns, and if you pick stocks manually, you need to rebalance your portfolio occasionally. Thus, if you're lazy, I would recommend a mutual fund, or many mutual funds if you have difficulty finding a low-cost one that is internationally diversified. The most important consideration is the cost. You cannot expect careful fund selection to yield excess returns before expenses. However, the expenses are certain costs, so prefer low-cost funds. Almost always this means picking index funds. Avoid funds that have a small number of stocks, because they typically invest only in the largest companies, which means you fail to get diversification in company size. So, instead of Euro STOXX 50, select STOXX 600 when investing to the European market. ETFs may have lower costs than traditional mutual funds, so keep ETFs in mind when selecting the mutual funds in which to invest. For international diversification, do not forget emerging markets. It is not excessive to invest e.g. 20% to emerging markets. Emerging markets have a higher risk but they also have a higher return. A portfolio that does not include emerging markets is not in my opinion well diversified. When getting close to retirement age, I would consider increasing the percentage of bonds in the portfolio. This should be done primarily by putting additional money to bonds instead of selling existing investments to avoid additional taxes (not sure if this applies to other taxation systems than the Finnish one). Bond investments are best made though low-cost mutual funds as well. Keep bond investments in your local currency and risk-free assets (i.e. select US government bonds). Whatever you do, remember that historical return is no guarantee of future return. Actually, the opposite may be true: there is a mean reversion law. If a particular investment has returned well in the past, it often means its price has gone up, making it more likely that the price goes down in the future. So don't select a fund based on its historical return; instead, select a fund based on low costs. However, I'm 99% certain that over a period of 40 years, stocks will return better than other investments. In addition to fund costs, taxes are the other certain thing that will be deducted from your returns. Research what options you have to reduce the taxes you need to pay. 401-K was explained in another answer; this may be a good option. Some things recommended in other answers that I would avoid:
That doesn't bother me. I was raised in a military family and enlisted when I was younger, but separated due to a medical issue that came up less than 6 months in. I regret taking the separation instead of just waiting and trying to stay in, but it's resolved now and enough time has passed that I can enlist now.   Anyway, it's something I want to do, just need to keep losing weight and learn to run faster first. I'd be doing the type of work I want to (enlisting as an officer in the field I'm studying) and, chances are, I'd end up stationed fairly close to home or family. I was told that I probably would end up deployed at least once if I did the minimum enlistment period, but that's not really a problem for me, either. Many of my friends have done overseas deployments, and I've talked to a few people in the specific MOS (jobs) I'm considering, and it seems tolerable.
Popular kids probably care more about status and material things than nerds. Consequently, they're motivated to work hard to achieve those things, ask for raises, etc.  As a nerd, I can't say I'm very motivated by money once my basic needs are met. I'd rather work with people I find interesting or pleasant, doing things I find interesting. Certainly I wouldn't turn down lots of money if someone threw it at me, but I wouldn't do something I didn't like or work with people I found disagreeable for more compensation.  Just my opinion.
"It may be the case that some of your debts have a flat regular fee in addition to the interest, which will go away when the debt is completely paid. For example, my mortgage has an approximately $400/year ""package fee"" as well as its (quite low) interest. When I finish paying the mortgage, I won't have to pay that fee anymore, so it is theoretically possible that spending extra money on paying off my mortgage would be better than spending it on paying off some other debt. I think it's unlikely that it would actually ever be my optimal move in practice, but the point is, there may be an advantage, financial or otherwise, to getting rid of a particular debt, other than merely removing the burden of interest. Those are special situations, though, and in the majority of cases, starting with the highest interest loan will be the right move."
+1 They are over priced to begin with - More specifically they are expensive to create exclusivity, which raises their value to people who value that kind of thing. Perhaps folks who buy those cars aren't buying them for value or quality or performance, but are buying them for the badge and the intangible factors.  I frequently hear about rich people who earned their millions driving around in cars Consumer Reports rank highly, so it isn't because they are so much better than a mid priced car. A car for $140,000 is either equipped for the A-Team or is a status symbol.  The status symbol notion is very expensive, but fades very quickly, hence the mighty depreciation.
30% is actually pretty good.  So it sounds like the tax has worked somewhat.  Our amount currently stands at about 60% average.  During some of our recent flash crashes, it was determined that something like 90% of the trades were by quant-computers.
"If you have at least $25,000, Wells Fargo is the place to be, as you get 100 free trades per account. I have three investment accounts with them and get 100 free trades in each a year, though I only ever actually use 10-20. i can't vouch for their phone service as I've never needed it, but free is very hard to beat in the ""value for money"" department. Update: Apparently in some states the requirement is $50,000. However, they count 10% of your mortgage as well as all deposit and investment accounts toward that balance."
In general, you can do whatever you'd like with the money. Many (perhaps most?) banks offer different ways to receive the money, with the two most popular options being direct payment to other debts, or direct deposit into your bank account. If you choose the latter you can do whatever you'd like with that money once you receive it. Even in the case when you have the bank make direct payments to other credit cards I'm guessing they will not care if it's someone else's name on the account, but that could be bank specific. Some tips:
It depends upon in how many currencies your business is denominated. If your business is solely dependent upon this one payer, it's best to start up a new set of books in USD.  All accounts should be translated from CAD from a date preceding the USD activity.  The CAD books should be closed, and all should be done with the new USD books. If your business will continue to use both USD & CAD, it's best to have two sets of books, one for USD and one for CAD.   Multi-currency books are a nightmare and should be avoided at all costs. Also, with the way you describe your situation, it appears as if you're also blending your household and business books.  This should also be avoided for best practices.
I see three options, none of them ideal:
It's going to depend entirely on your tax situation, its complexity, and your willingness/interest in dealing with tax filings.  Personally I find that not only do I not enjoy dealing with figuring out my taxes, but I don't know even a fraction of the possible deductions available and all the clever ways to leverage them.  Plus the tax code is changing constantly and staying on top of that is not something I'm ever going to attempt. I am of the philosophy that it is my duty to pay only the absolute minimum tax legally required, and to utilize every possible exemption, deduction, credit, etc. that is available to me.  Plus my business activities are a bit on the non-traditional side so it requires some unorthodox thinking at times.  For me, a trained professional is the only way to go.  What it costs me, I way more than make up in savings on my tax bill.  I also go out of my way to never get a refund because if I get one, it just means I gave the government a free loan. The last time I computed my own taxes (used TurboTax if memory serves) was I think in the late 90s.
First, the SSN isn't an issue. She will need to apply for an ITIN together with tax filing, in order to file taxes as Married Filing Jointly anyway. I think you (or both of you in the joint case) probably qualify for the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion, if you've been outside the US for almost the whole year, in which cases both of you should have all of your income excluded anyway, so I'm not sure why you're getting that one is better. As for Self-Employment Tax, I suspect that she doesn't have to pay it in either case, because there is a sentence in your linked page for Nonresident Spouse Treated as a Resident that says However, you may still be treated as a nonresident alien for the   purpose of withholding Social Security and Medicare tax. and since Self-Employment Tax is just Social Security and Medicare tax in another form, she shouldn't have to pay it if treated as resident, if she didn't have to pay it as nonresident. From the law, I believe Nonresident Spouse Treated as a Resident is described in IRC 6013(g), which says the person is treated as a resident for the purposes of chapters 1 and 24, but self-employment tax is from chapter 2, so I don't think self-employment tax is affected by this election.
"If all of the relocation expenses are paid by your employer to the moving companies, then you should not have any tax liability for those payments. Relocation expenses should be treated as normal business expenses by your employer. Note I emphasize ""should"" because it's possible that your employer ""could"" consider it income to you, but companies generally do not go out of their way to classify normal business expenses as income since it costs both them and you more money in taxes. As a side note, the reason your company is paying these expenses directly is probably to lessen the likelihood of these expenses being questioned in an audit (in comparison to if they cut you a reimbursement check which could get more scrutiny)."
Not so much on the relevant experience side but I have been learning as much as I can about the investment/financial world.   That's my thoughts. School counselor play a strong part in society, however, the earning potential is low as is the opportunity for career advancement.   The MBA-finance program at my university takes students from all undergrad backgrounds. I would need to take the GRE this month and applications are due at the end of the month.   I just wonder if trying to either go into finance without school or opting to enter the MBA program if I were accepted would be a good option.   Do you see an MBA-finance being marketable and having greater earning potential than a school counselor (which is about a 46k/year salary)?
RIM owned a market that suddenly became very crowded.  What they thought was a moat turned out to be a competitive disadvantage.  They were eaten alive by larger screen and app stores.  I've lost count of how many times I've taunted my friend over what my Droid can do that his BB can't.
Merging?  If anything the opposite is happening.  Oil companies are moving in the opposite direction, separating their upstream (extraction) and downstream (refining) aspects.  ConoccoPhillips just did this and others will follow.  Refining isn't very profitable and involves lots of danger, red tape and headaches.    I look forward to the people who complained about the evils of mergers and vertical integration now complaining about how spinnoffs are the new evilest thing ever.
"I think this is possible under very special conditions.  The important part of the description here is probably retired and rich.  The answers so far apply to people with ""normal"" incomes - both in the sense of ""not rich"" and in the sense of ""earned income."" If you sit at the top tax bracket and get most of your income through things like dividends, then you might be able to win multiple ways with the strategy described.  First you get the tax deduction on the mortgage interest, which everyone has properly noted is not by itself a winning game - You spend more than you save.   BUT... There are other factors, especially for the rich and those whose income is mostly passive: I'm not motivated enough on the hypothetical situation to come up with a detailed example, but I think it's possible that this could work out.  In any case, the current answers using ""normal sized"" incomes and middle tax brackets don't necessarily give the insight that you might hope if the tax payer really is unusually wealthy and retired."
When I read that part of his post, it reminded me more of credit companies rather than banks. People default on credit all the time. I have no idea what the regulations are on the amount of credit that a company can issue, though.  And this is sort of part of what actually happened in the beginning of the economic crunch. A bunch of people began to trade for credit (debt) against what they thought the *future* value of their house or other real estate would be. After a while, people stopped being able to afford property at its future value, so they stopped buying it. When people then tried to sell their property for the future value that they had borrowed against, they couldn't, so they couldn't pay back their debt.  Because real estate had become a popular investment vehicle for the middle class, this was able to reach a kind of critical mass, and shortly afterward the effects rippled back into the credit market, which also had its own crunch -- a bunch of credit just disappeared overnight because so many people had assumed a level of debt that they could not actually fulfill their promises on once the future value of their home became completely imaginary.
Westfair Tv is a privately held company in Fairfield, CT and is a Single Location business. Categorized under Retail TV and Radio Supplies and Parts. Our records show it was established in 1994 and incorporated in CT. Current estimates show this company has an annual revenue of 1117728 and employs a staff of approximately
Not sure. I know Tim Ferriss wrote a lot about automating business processes in his book Four-Hour work week. Which I've applied the ideology myself and always looking to automate or delegate a routine task that doesn't necessarily have to be done myself. What about you? Are you trying to automate?
"I second what ""powercow"" and ""Osetic"" said.  I switched away from Wells Fargo to Patelco (Pacific Telephone Company, i'm in the bay area).  They are world's better.  My biggest issue with WF was the overdrafts, how much they charged, and the way in which they processed incoming transactions (which they are being sued in a class action for, btw).  I had my new account setup so it could never overdraft, it would just decline.  In my first month with Patelco, I ordered checks.  When that charge processed, it dipped my account into the negative due to it being an internal CU charge and their system not performing all the checks/balances first.  They called me about 24hrs after it happened to let me know:  * How sorry they were * That they would refund me the amount of the checks * That they added $10 on top of the refund to ensure I understood it was a mistake * If there was anything else they could do to make the situation right  And like others here, I have shorter lines, more helpful tellers, a more inviting atmosphere, oh and free coffee.  You gotta find a better CU, yo"
"I think it's an argument for Keynesian economic policy, basically an abridged version of this paragraph from the Wikipedia article: Keynesian economists often argue that private sector decisions sometimes lead to inefficient macroeconomic outcomes which require active policy responses by the public sector, in particular, monetary policy actions by the central bank and fiscal policy actions by the government, in order to stabilize output over the business cycle. ""private sector decisions"" are bottom-up: millions of businesses and individuals make economic decisions and ""the economy"" is the sum of what they do. ""monetary policy actions by the central bank and fiscal policy actions by the government"" are top-down: central institutions implement measures that are intended to have a positive effect (such as reducing unemployment) on millions of individuals."
This is good advice. Your GPA and awards signal that you're not an idiot. A huge piece of what they're looking for is how well you fit in with the company culture, how you think on your feet, and how well you communicate. A well crafted response in the form of a story that illustrates your positive traits does all of these things without the recruiter being forced to tease out the information they're looking for.  Also, be friendly to everyone you meet the second you're within a few blocks of the building. You should probably be doing that generally in life, but gossip, especially the negative kind and most especially about new hires, spreads like wildfire through the workplace. People love to talk, so only give them positive stuff to say.
"You have a large number of possible choices to make, and a lot of it does depend upon what interests you when you are older. The first thing to note is the difference between ISAs and pension-contribution schemes tax wise, which is of course the taxation point. When you contribute to your pensions scheme, it is done before taxation, which is why when you draw from your pension scheme you have to pay income tax. Conversely, your ISA is something you contribute to after you have already paid income tax - so besides the 10% tax on dividends if you hold any assets which may them, it is tax free when you draw on it regardless of how much you have accrued over the years.  Now, when it comes to the question ""what is the best way to save"", the answer is almost certainly going to be filling your pension to the point where you're going to retire just on the edge of the limit, and then putting the rest into ISAs. This way you will not be paying the higher rates of tax associated with breaking the lifetime limit, but also get maximum contributions into your various schemes. There is an exception to this of course, which is the return on investment. If you do not have access to a SIPP (Self Invested Personal Pension), you may be able to receive a far higher return on investment when using a Stocks & Shares ISA, in which case the fact that you have to pay taxes prior to funding it may not make a significant difference. The other issue you have, as others have mentioned is rent.  While now you may be enjoying London, it is in my opinion quite likely that will change when you get older, London has a very high-cost of living, even compared to the home counties, and many of its benefits are not relevant to someone who is retired. When you retire, it is quite possible that you will see it fit to take a large sum out of your various savings, and purchase a house, which means that regardless of how much you are drawing out you will be able to have somewhere to live. Renting is fine when you are working, but when you have a certain amount of (admittedly growing) funds that have to last you indefinitely, who knows if it will last you."
&gt;Because we are the people who have come together to form a more perfect union.  You realize that isn't an actual argument for anything, right?  &gt;Also, if we have poor &amp; elderly suffering in the USA, the people with the high line condos and sports cars are not being taxed enough.  So the poor and elderly have zero responsibility for their own suffering, and the wealthy have all the responsibility to alleviate any suffering via higher taxes?  How does that make sense?
A couple things. First of all, most people's MAIN source of income is from their job, but they have others, such as bank interest, stock dividends, etc. So that income has to be reported with their wage income. The second thing is that most people have deductions NOT connected with their job. These deductions reduce income (and generate refunds). So it's in their interest to file.
Chipotle oversaturated the market, saw it's quality plummet and is now grasping at straws to keep money coming in. They really need to scale back and get back to what made them popular in the first place. Queso probably isn't it.
"Who said I'm a workaholic? Since college I've cut down to 40 hours a week, plus another 12 volunteering with rescued dogs and horses, but that's just fun for me. I spend the rest of my time with my family. My entire argument is that *what success I  have had* is due primarily to my hard work. I never claimed to be a rich wall street banker or harvard law graduate. Those people I know who are more successful have worked harder than I have, including those who were presented with far less privilege growing up.      What's pathetic is that your sense of self worth is so low that you can't take responsibility for your own life and feel more comfortable ascribing the success of others to ""luck"" and random chance. Ask me where I'm at financially in ten years, I'm two years out of college now. I'm willing to bet my ""luck"" just keeps getting better and you're in the same place spinning your wheels.      My point in this conversation was perhaps to shock a few of you into seizing the reins of your own destiny. Hopefully my message got through to at least one person."
&gt; you were referring to tax-deferred accounts and I was referring to Roths.  Okay, so you've admitted mistake \#1.  We're making progress...  &gt; So paying the tax as regular income RATHER than LTCG tax is not a concern.  Ah!  You're an autist, we're getting somewhere here!  &gt; Well, those are the only alternatives to a tax-deferred account, so...  Which is the *only* thing either I or TFA mentioned.  But hey, we haven't thrown SPIAs into the mix yet, do you have a totally off-topic opinion on them you'd like to air?  &gt; No it doesn't.  I honestly have no snappy comeback to this one.  I *can*, however, give you some advice that you'll find useful throughout your adult life - When you make a mistake, the sooner you admit it, the better.  No one will think less of you for making a simple error; when you double-down for three+ rounds...  And I'm pretty comfortable *I'm* not the one doubling-down, merely calling, here.
http://www.myretirementblog.com/average-retirement-savings-by-age.html For ages 25-34: Obviously that's a huge range, and a 26 year old would at the very low end, but I would say anywhere near $25,000 is a ton.
So my wife was at work today and got yelled at by both a cop and her managers for simply LOOKING at the card. I don't understand I also work in retail and of course I must see the card to ensure it is a real card, it is a very strict policy that we must have a valid physical card to run any credit/debit transactions. People put skimmers everywhere you use your card and can pick up the info off the strip and put it onto another card and use it without you noticing right away. With the right equipment they can put their name on it or the name on their fake I.d. so the only red flag would be them trying to use several different cards
CFA level 1 was much easier for me in school, because I was regularly studying finance and it was easier to balance time studying than when I first started working in banking.  That being said. I didn't have parental duties.  MBA seemed to be about socializing and networking as much as the class work. Group projects made scheduling more difficult where as CFA was more on my own time.  I doubt a CFA will automatically qualify you for a specific job, where was MBA will likely require internships and give you a better network.  It's tough to explicitly say one over the other.
"There is nothing legal you can do in the United States to avoid the tax burden of income earned as an employee other than offsetting it with pre-tax contributions (which it sounds like you're already doing), making charitable contributions, or incurring investment losses (which is cutting off your nose to spite your face).  So that $660K can't be helped. As for the $80K in stock dividends, you could move those investments into ""growth"" companies rather than ""value"" companies.  Growth companies are those that pay less in dividends, where the primary increase in wealth occurs only in share price increase.  This puts off your tax bill until you finally sell your shares, and (depending on how the tax laws are at that time) your tax bill will be lower on those capital gains than they are currently on these dividends. Regarding rental income I know nothing, but I think you're entitled to depreciate your property's value over time and count that against the taxes you owe on the rents.  And you can deduct all the upkeep expenses.  As with employment income, intentionally incurring rental losses to lower your tax bill is not logical:  for every dollar you earn, you only have to give about 50 cents to the government, whereas for every dollar you lose, you've lost a dollar."
If you are looking for the Best Restaurant In Navi Mumbai then contact with Fusion Grill Dine &amp; Lounge which offers the best services as Multi cuisine food such as North Indian, South Indian, Continental, Chinese and Indian food. To know more, Explore the full blog or  visit the website: http://fusiongrillcbdbelapur.co.in/
Why is that acceptable? That's just bad math. Currently, autopilot for cars isn't fleshed out yet. Humans cumulatively have 1 crash every 470 million miles, while Tesla's autopilot has 1 crash for every 220 million miles, but that's with the old hardware, with one forward camera. the new hardware suite has 8 cameras, along with all the other radar/sonar sensors. It's yet to be turned on. If that system proves to have 1 crash every half billion miles, then the car is safer than human driving. If it reaches 1 crash per billion miles, then it's kind of a no-brainer.   When you get in a taxi, bus, or airplane, you're still putting your life in the hands of something that's not under your control. You just trust that they have a good safety record and let them drive you. Driverless cars will be the same way. Nothing will ever be 100% safe, ever. That's just not possible. A sinkhole can open up under the car at any moment. A meteor could hit the car. No matter what, something will be able to beat the system and cause a fatality, but the goal is to minimize fatalities, not eliminate them all together. 100% will never happen.
"If you're still in school, try taking a Training The Street course in financial modeling and excel. Almost all the BB IB's use them and it's very practical for financial modeling (ie using iterative loops properly in Excel and debugging someone else's models).  As someone who did both Finance and Comp Sci undergrad, TTS was extremely useful for ""real world"" application."
That's a bit more nuanced than it seems.   The argument is that on balance, the government does not create wealth through value-added services, particularly when compared to private enterprise. That voluntary trade creates mutually beneficial outcomes, but involuntary taxation is at best a wealth transfer and at worst inefficient use of capital that leaves people worse off than they would be without it.  I mean...your characterization isn't totally unfair, but it isn't exactly right, either.
Just FYI for the benefit of future users. Haven't been paid yet nor have I paid but some interesting facts. I decided to sign the contract with the person who approached me. The contract seemed harmless whereby I only transfer money once I retrieve the funds. Thanks to your comments here I also understood that I must make sure the funds really cleared in my account and can never be cancelled before I transfer anything.  He gave me the information of the check that matched my previous employer and made sense as it was a check issues just after I had left my job and the state. I did not used the contact details he provided me, but rather found the direct contact details of the go to person in my last institution and contacted them.  I still haven't been able to reclaim the funds, but that is due to internal problems between the state comptroller and my institution. Will come back to update if I am ever successful, but the bottom line is that it is probably not a scam. I am waiting for the final resolution of the case before I post the name of the company which approached me (if it is at all OK per the discussion board rules)
"The store owners don't know what your intentions are.  All they know is they gave you good cash for a bad check.   Part of this is that you're paying for the bad acts of others in the past, and these people aren't in the business of trying to understand your intentions.  If you show good faith by going in and paying whatever you can, it will go a long way toward getting them to work with you on the balance. I don't know if they'd have much of a criminal case if the check you gave them was clearly marked as ""void"" and you've shown a willingness to resolve the situation.  Of course you can't blame them for not wanting to accept another check from you.  Good old hard cash, even if it isn't the full amount, will be a better sign of your intent to repay the debt."
"I agree for the most part. I thought about them, I even thought about money supply and some others. But the point was mainly that businesses as a whole have been doing bad for not just this year or since 2008 but over a decade, not enough to account for inflation. This is grounds that the economy is in a recession, and will be. Bond's aren't really an investment in business as they are loaning money to the government on interest so they don't portray whether the economy is in recession or not.  The premise was that a recession is/has occurred, not that money cannot be made in a good portfolio.  Perhaps you didn't fully understand my last point, I don't believe gold and silver are the bubble. I believe the dollar is the bubble and it has been bursting since 2000. Commodity prices are merely a sign of the bursting bubble. Given that we're in recession, the only way to ""pull-out"" as it is apparent people have been doing for the past 10 years, is to buy real assets and that this creates a positive feedback loop into devaluing the dollar. Not everyone will pull out, but most will. For a long while the assets have had little exposure to the inflation of the dollar, and now it's catching up to the assets. Ergo assets are undervalued, they are not the bubble."
I always find this funny. How can government bonds be in attractive and currency be attractive?  With monetary policy America guarantees that it can't default on debt. The only thing that can happen which breaks this is if the government prints itself out of debt. In which case not only will you bonds be worthless but so will your cash.  So to all the investors with boats of cash, you are trading one problem for the same problem. The only difference is you can hold the second problem in your hands.  Fools.
FTA's [like TiSA ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_pPqnbXpA4)will radically change the labor market by globalizing labor flows and contracts.   Deregulation will certainly increase corporate profits and further decrease accountability. Given thats thats what triggered the GFC in 2008, its not a very wise idea to be pursuing it again through TiSA.
If you are looking for the best Motorcycle Tour Of Himalayas In India then contact with Tony Bike Centre which offers the Motorbikes or motorcycle on rent or hire for tour. To get more details, Explore the full article or contact us at: 9811281681
Word of Gracehas beenselected to be the Best San Jose Chinese School by Bay Area Parents. Every kid is an asset for tomorrow and our teachers strive to bring the best out of them. Visit www.wogcs.org or dial 408-826-2878 for more.
There are a bunch of ERP options out there, as you can see here:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ERP_software_packages and many of them are free and/or open source.  If I were doing an ERP implementation today I would think a lot about a Software as a Service (SaaS) solution that I didn't have to scale or maintain.  I don't know a lot about the players, but they are typically easy to try out online- folks like OpenERP or ERPNext.  And oddly, it looks like Microsoft has a decent solution called Dynamics.
Wow, that sounds a lot like state-level politics here in the US.  Seems like it never changes. Thanks for filling me in, we don't hear much of note about your country so it's always interesting to see the inside view.
The best thing about Washington is that thousands of young professionals flock to the area every year and they all happen to be at the perfect age to get married. Mervis Diamond is the right place for them as they can get stunning engagement rings and wedding bands, diamond studs, and much more here. No matter what the occasion is, you can make a style statement with gorgeous masterpieces that we design for you.
There is nothing wrong with giving out data and statistics so companies can hire a more more diverse workforce.  And I have absolutely no problem with what a company does internally to accomplish this goal.    The problem I have is what you said last. &gt;If a company wants to be racist in their hiring I am ok with that company going away.  That is the most heavy handed thing the government could do.  Even if a openly racist is only hiring whites;  what right does the community/government have to stop him?  The racist is not hurting anyone.  His only crime is only wanting to associate with individuals he wants too.  Yes less blacks will have less jobs but is it the responsibility of the racist to hire blacks. No of course not.  But if the community/government wants to shut the racist down for his hiring practices then we don't live in a county where rights and property is protected.  We live in a country where we think that it is a *right* to force someone else to hire you.
It seems there are many MBA types on here still paying off those student loans 15 years later. They tend to hate on the guys with their bills paid from passive income and all the time in the world to do whatever they fancy.
"A fascinating view on this. The math of a 10% deposit and projected 10% return lead to an inevitable point when the account is worth 10X your income (nice) and the deposit, 10% of income only represents 1% of the account balance.  The use of an IRA is neither here nor there, as your proposed deposit is still just 1% of your retirement account total. Pay off debt? For one with this level of savings, it should be assumed you aren't carrying any high interest debt.  It really depends on your age and retirement budget. Our ""number"" was 12X our final income, so at 10X, we were still saving. For you, if you project hitting your number soon enough, I'd still deposit to the match, but maybe no more. It might be time to just enjoy the extra money. For others, their goal may be much higher and those extra years deposits are still needed. I'd play with a spreadsheet and see the impact of reduced retirement account deposits. Note - the question asks about funding the 401(k) vs paying down debt. I'd always advise to deposit to the match, but beyond that, one should focus on their high interest debt, especially by their 50's."
Step 2 (idea worth nothing, traction everything) is about reducing risk for the person buying the company. But traction is a result, not an action. Your idea and your implementation are critical to your achieving traction. That does not mean you need the next industry destroying idea nor that all you need is an idea. But you do need a good idea of some sort for a new business.
JoeTapayer has good advice here. I would like to add my notes. If they give a 50% match that means you are getting a 50% return on investment(ROI) immediately. I do not know of a way to get a better guaranteed ROI. Next, when investing you need to determine what kind of investor you are. I would suggest you make yourself more literate in investments, as I suggest to anyone, but there are basic things you want to look for. If your primary worry is loss of your prinicipal, go for Conservative investments. This means that you are willing to accept a reduced expected ROI in exchange for lower volatility(risk of loss of principal). This does not mean you have a 100% safe investment as the last market issues have shown, but in general you are better protected. The fidelity investments should give you some information as to volatility or if they deem the investments conservative. Conservative investments are normally made up of trading bonds, which have the lowest ROI in general but are the most secure. You can also invest in blue chip companies, although stock is inherently riskier. It is pointed out in comments that stocks always outperform bonds in the long term, and this has been true over the last 100 years. I am just suggesting ways you can protect yourself against market downturns. When the market is doing very well bonds will not give you the return your friends are seeing. I am just trying to give you a basic idea of what to look for when you pick your investments, nothing can replace a solid investment adviser and taking the time to educate yourself.
In my experience, any kind of equity you may be offered by the company is just a carrot. Your offer may be written in such a way that your potential ownership represents, say, 1% of the company today. But if the company goes for a round of financing your ownership percentage can get diluted. If this happens a couple of times and the terms of financing aren't very favorable then your percentage can go from that 1% down to 0.001%, making the equity worthless. I've known people who heard their company was being bought and thought they might get some kind of payoff. Come to find out the company hadn't done all that well and there wasn't anything to pay out after the main investors got some money back. (The main investors took a loss.) For obvious reasons, management wasn't keeping the staff up to date about the fact that they were operating in the red and their options were worthless. Some people grumbled about lawyers and filing lawsuits, but at the end of the day, there wasn't any money to be won. Keep this in mind. As to your question regarding what to look out for:
Compre o sabonete para pele oleosa da melhor marca de dermocosméticos, Ligia Kogos, a preços imbatíveis. Nosso sabonete é formulado para promover a limpeza profunda e uma sensação de pele fresca sem ressecar a pele. Assine nossa newsletter para receber as melhores ofertas!
I disagree with his point about taking too long to tighten. With rates near zero and asset purchasing programs in place, if there were another crisis what tools does the FRB have? Establishing a broad clear path forward is the best course of action so that confidence is restored in the marketplace. Unfortunately things have moved very far very fast and it has increased inequality. If we tightened sooner and a crisis were to occur the FRB (and the US by proxy) would have been hamstrung for a decades; it took us 1 decade on the current path.
If your patio, fence, or pathway is in a sorry state, we at Liverpool Fencing can always provide a helping hand. We employ the best decking and fencing Liverpool professionals who could help you with the repairs and refurbishments. We will use the best tools and materials that will suit your budget accordingly. To learn more, head over to https://liverpoolfencing.co/.
Nine years of investment would span Jan 1 2007 to Jan 1 2016. Taking the following valuation dates with The annual effective interest rate is 4.268 %
Does anyone else think that all this facebook snafu was intentional to put egg on the face of sniveling mark zuckerberg? It seems like many in the business world treat him as though he got lucky not that he is a savy business person.
"The *supporters* hate globalization because ""dey took errrr jerbs"" (while, more than a little ironically, sauntering into a Walmart).   The *party* loves globalization and capitalizing on cheap labor to pad exorbitant salaries and higher EPS boosting stock option prices. Especially helpful when their dividends are only taxed at 15%. All that extra money translates into well-padded reelection campaigns and lucrative contracts.   The party talks up their hatred of it to the rabble while doing everything in their power to foster it in bills and deals seldom talked about."
"I don't have disdain for startups, I have disdain for charlatans. And I feel sad for people who believe that they really have a chance with their social network for dogs / ideal roommate to-do app / tip calculator / new marketplace to revolutionize how x and y find each other / etc -- a belief fostered by the totally dysfunctional startup tabloid media. And I'm pissed watching people who piss away years of their life on ""great ideas"" which could never in a million years be a self-sustaining business, and then shrug it away as if that ""failure"" couldn't have been spotted ahead of time, a mile and years away.   They wouldn't have thought that would ever be more than a fun hobby or a nice little daydream if it weren't for the tabloids.  As for something ""more likely"" it's quite simple -- people need to decide if they want to ""grow big or go home,"" or if they want to create a business.  A business creates value and charges for things. That is what I mean by ""more likely.""   The suits in the boardroom at Wal-Mart don't sit around wringing their hands wondering what their business model is, wondering how they can ""monetize."""
"McDonald's is a cafe?   McDonald's is... A cafe???  And you're a professional consulting for the industry?   Don't look now, but I think we just identified one of the problems in the industry....   The industry is getting advice from overpaid assholes who say ""McDonald's is a cafe"" with a straight face."
A hotel can accept the debit card because each night they can withdraw the money. If you don't have sufficient funds they can instantly lock you out of your room. They an also limit your ability to access room service, and other extra expensive options. The rental car can't do that once you have the car. Plus they never know if you will bring the car back with damages, toll charges, and an empty tank of gas.
At some point in the past they switched to par-baking, which means the donuts are cooked in a factory, frozen, sent to stores, fried, and glazed. Anyone with taste buds can tell they aren't as good as fresh baked donuts. Tim Horton's switched too, but I've only heard secondhand accounts of the decline in quality.  It's obvious when a company does this they don't even care how the food tastes, it's just a cynical attempt to save money with the hope that customers are too dumb to taste the difference.
As far as the RRSP goes, see my answer in  self directed RRSP for a non resident Don't forget to file your FBAR and form 8938, if applicable. -Jon
I think I understand them better than you ;-).  A place that puts a prime value on making money ought not be embarrassed by income numbers, right?  And yet there's doublethink: the instant you walk into the door at work, you're supposed to pretend it's all for the love of the job rather than for the money, that the money is so irrelevant as to be taboo.
CTRs are made all the time, and yes, the banks do need to consider one-off transactions that aren't $10,000 per se but amount effectively to $10,000 or more. But if you're doing nothing improper, just pay your bill and be done with it.  No need to split it up just for this reason.
Frankly, I think all the higher maths in finance is mental masturbation.  EDIT: wht all the down votes?  I've made my money by trading against the PhDs in European investment banks who actually and innocently believe their models represent the real world. Their models work when they work.  I love trading against the combination of arrogance and faux intellectualism.   Folks, read Fooled by Randomness or Black Swan.
You might want to consider 'investing' a portion of that money into educating yourself. The payoff might not be as immediately obvious or gratifying but with appropriate determination, in the long term it will generate you a much greater return. If you would like to learn about investing, a great starting point would be to buy and read the book 'The Intelligent Investor' by Benjamin Graham. This will be a great barometer for how ready you are to invest in the stock market. If you are able to understand the concepts discussed and comprehend why they are important, you will have gone far in ensuring that you will make adequate returns over your lifetime and will - more importantly - increase the odds of safeguarding your capital.
VacOil is reliable HVAC pump oil that maintains viscosity &amp; integrity for your demanding projects. It provides quality lubrication to maximize performance.HVAC refrigerants need frequent servicing to get a prolonged lifespan. Thanks to VacOil HVAC pump oil, the equipment can easily get the durability it needs and function with complete efficiency without the slightest hitch. Trust VacOil to prove to be the best for your HVAC device.
Who says they don't? In the United Kingdom the Bank of England and the Bank of Scotland print the money. In some other countries (like Hong Kong, Israel, and the US) commercial banks were issuing the currency at some point of time, but now the governments do that. The problem with commercial banks issuing currency is the control. If a bank is allowed to print money - how can the amount of currency be controlled? If it is controlled by the government then the bank will be just a printing press, so what's the point? And since governments now want to control the monetary policy, banks have no reason to just be printing presses for the government, the governments have their own. edit Apparently in Hong Kong it is still the case, as I'm sure it is in some other places in the world as well.
Sounds like baloney to me. HELOCs are variable rate, so you are paying down the principal of a fixed rate loan with a variable rate loan. If you want to pay the mortgage down faster, make two half payments per month, and/or add a little extra to each payment (make sure with the bank that any extra will automatically go to principal).
People will save the money in ira's so it is taxed now instead of later. They don't care about the people at all or the economy in the long run. It is a way to make the economy look like it is growing now, regardless of any long term problem that causes.
Given your premise is correct:  How do you cash in a large sum of YetAnotherCryptoCoin shortly after it´s ICO? The crypto-exchanges take some time to add a new currency, if they do at all. And even if they already have, trading volume is usually low.  I think that´s what really makes it unattractive for Investors as opposed to tec-enthusiasts (aside from the high volatility). Total lack of any reliable trading capability.
&gt;The second one, I assume, is the like 80,000 email addresses, not connected to anything. With, you'll notice, encrypted passwords.  The point is their security is not 100% hacker proof, no security is.  &gt;This is not an argument.  No, but I see zero reasons to be concern about plate readers.  Anyone can read your plates and look you up.  Your spewing nothing but FUD here.  &gt;http://www.darkreading.com/attacks-breaches/the-7-most-significant-government-data-breaches/d/d-id/1327468  And in the 7 most significant cases they listed only one involved a hack that got access to SS#'s and what have you.
"This answer is provided mostly to answer your question ""what is it?"" A variable annuity is a contract between you and an insurance company. The insurance company takes a bunch of money up front as a lump sum, and will pay you some money yearly - like earning interest. (In this case, they will probably be paying you the money into the account itself). How much they return is, as the name suggests, variable. It can be anything, depending on what the contract says. Mostly, there will be some formula based on the stock market - frequently, the performance of the Standard & Poors 500 Index. There will typically be some minimum returns and maximum returns - if the stock market tanks, your annuity will not lose a ton of value, but if the stock market goes up a lot in one year (as it frequently does), you will not gain a lot of value either. If you are going to be in the market for a long amount of time (decades, e.g. ""a few years out of college"" and then a little), it makes a lot more sense to invest in the stock market directly. This is essentially what the insurance company is going to do, except you can cut out the middleman. You can get a lot more money that way. You are essentially paying the insurance company to take on some stock market risk for you - you are buying some safety. Buying safety like this is expensive.  Variable annuities are the right investment for a few people in a few circumstances - mostly, if you're near retirement, it's one way to have an option for a ""safe"" investment, for a portion (but not all) of your portfolio. Maybe. Depending on the specifics, a lot. If you are under, like, 50 or so? Almost certainly a terrible investment which will gradually waste your money (by not growing it as fast as it deserves to be grown). Since you want to transfer it to Vanguard, you can probably call Vanguard, ask to open a Roth IRA, and request assistance rolling it over from the place it is held now. There should be no legal restrictions or tax consequences from transferring the money from one Roth IRA account to another."
To me it sounds like you need to come up with 67K (30+37), part of the time you can work in the current job, part of the time you could work a lower paying part time job (for a year).  Lets assume that you can earn 15K for that year, and you can save 5K from your current job.  (I'd try and save more, but what ever you can do.) 67 - 15 - 5 = 47    I'd sell the investment property.  First you will have some funds to throw at this need, second you expense should go down as you don't have a payment on this property. 47 - 26 = 21  You have 32K in cash which is a lot for someone in your expense range.  Six months would be 15K, so I would use some of that cash: 21 - 17 = 4 Now you are really close.  If needed I'd use the investments to cover the last 4k or even more of the on hand cash.  However, could you do something to reduce that amount further ...like working more.
Your tax efficient reasoning is solid for where you want to distribute your assets. ETFs are often more tax efficient than their equivalent mutual funds but the exact differences would depend on the comparison between the fund and ETF you were considering. The one exception to this rule is Vanguard funds and ETFs which have the exact same tax-efficiency because ETFs are a share class of the corresponding mutual fund.
"This is going to vary tremendously from country to country (and even from state to state, in some cases).  In general, though: Sole proprietorship: LLC: There are a lot of permutations depending on local law.  One thing that isn't actually much of an advantage is the ""limited liability"" component of the LLC.  Simply put: for a really small company the majority shareholders are usually going to be ""forced"" to stand surety for the company in their personal capacity. Limited liability only becomes available once the company has quite a lot of cash/assets (or the illusion of a lot of cash/assets). Update - noticed two further questions that appear very similar: Should all of these be merged?"
I am not sure why this gets downvoted.  First, the quality of education in bottom 90% of the schools is downright atrocious. I am interviewing engineering grads - often PhDs who can't tell the formula for the surface area of a sphere - AND CANNOT DERIVE IT!  Second, sorry, but paying $250k for a degree in something that pays $30k a year just does not make sense. You can invest this $250 into medium risk paper and together with a trade salary get much more money.
"It's what modern advertising is based on. They're not selling you a product. They're selling you a ""new you."" Modern advertising is based on the erroneous assumption that by buying the product your personality and lifestyle will improve and the customer believes he/she is entitled to the lifestyle they see people in the commercial enjoying by buying the product, at least subconsciously they think that. It's not logical but look at how many commercials barely feature the product or its benefits at all but instead focus on the customers of the product looking cool and popular and successful.  Having the logo of the brand of clothing that you bought, prominently displayed on the clothing lets everyone else know how you see yourself and what lifestyle you want for yourself. That's why so many people are eager to pay to advertise a corporation's brand."
Seeing stuff like this makes me wish I took videos at the dealerships I worked as a mechanic for.  This justifies my experiences, dealerships and the manufacturers are thieves and crooks.  I was a mechanic, I have a moral compass, I am no longer a mechanic.
"China: ""We are happy to take up the mantle of free trade in the wake of Trump's election.""  Also China: ""You're not allowed to invest in or compete against state owned companies in our domestic market though, even though we're buying up all of yours.""  *free* trade. 🙄"
ETF is essentially a stock, from accounting perspective. Treat it as just another stock in the portfolio.
Have you signed anything? If not - then tell them  you don't know who they are and have not agreed to pay. If you did sign that piece of paper at the airport, then you have probably agreed to pay. Either way, it won't go away. As you've already discovered, ignoring things doesn't make them go away. You should make an effort, as hard as it may be, and call them. Notify them that you have never asked for this card, never activated it, and in fact never had it in your possession. You should stress out that it was issued without your authorization, which is probably illegal. And you wish the account to be closed and the charge reversed. Otherwise it will just grow and make your life miserable.
Another possibility is that a lot of it is bought using borrowed money. Especially if much of your own money is in the stock market, it may be beneficial to take out a loan to buy something compared to selling other assets to raise the same amount of cash. Even going by the likely relatively conservative £200K/year before taxes, you are looking at a very nice house going for perhaps around 3-5 years' worth of pre-tax income. Let's say you have good contacts at the bank and can secure a loan for £500K at 3.5% interest (not at all unreasonable if you make half that before taxes in a single year and purchase something that can be used as collateral for the money borrowed; with a bit of negotiating, I wouldn't be surprised if one could push the interest rate even lower, and stock in a publicly traded company can also trivially be used as collateral). That's less than £1500/month in interest, before any applicable tax effects -- less than 10% of the before-tax income. And like @Victor wrote, I think it's reasonable to say that especially if the company is publicly traded, the CEO makes more than £200K/year. Given an income of £200K/year and assuming 30% taxes on that amount (the marginal tax would likely be higher, and this includes e.g. interest expense deductions), the money left over after taxes and interest payments on a £500K 3.5% debt is still about £10K/month. Even with a pretty rapid amortization schedule and even if the actual tax rate is higher, that leaves quite a bit of money to be socked away in savings and other investments.
So, since you have no record of picking it up, are you going to do the right thing and claim you never got it?  On another note, I was known at the local home depot for being the guy who ordered things online, they actually used my orders to train new people. That was back when buying online got 5% back from Discover.
Your 1&2 are the end of that chapter. You can't convert for that year again, and must wait 30 days to convert in the new tax year.  For example, each year for over a decade, I've helped my mother in law with this. In May, we convert a chunk of money/stock to Roth. In April, I'll recharacterize just enough so she tops off her 15% bracket but doesn't hit 25%. 30 days later, the new conversion happens. All the Roth money is money now taxed at 15%, which, in an emergency, a need for a lot of cash, will avoid the potential of 25% or higher, tax. You see, your 3 never really happens.
Some Canadian banks (RBC for instance), will accept the format  No spaces, no slashes. Transit number must be five digits, if it's not add a 0 to the front. Just had a situation where the European-based system would not accept anything but an IBAN, so I called my bank and that's what they confirmed.  I know this is super late, but thought I would leave it here for future generations to discover. Edit: See comments for an example.
Lawyers etc are upper middle class yes, but in general you are going for teachers, the higher degree nursing,  non super specialist it workers, hr workers, middle management, etc.  There is a point that we severely underpay K12 teachers. But the jobs you listed are working class. It used to be in the past that working class job could provide enough money for middle class existence eg car manufacturing union jobs. But that ended up being unsustainable, the companies uncompetitive and TBH the populace uneducated.
It seems to me that the CBV is just about equity valuation in the public and private markets. The CFA, on the other hand, does valuation of equity, debt, and derivatives, as well as economics, portfolio management, and some other stuff related to investments.   I had never heard of the CBV before today ('murican here), but it seems that it does have value in a way that the CFA doesn't: consulting services. I have a CFA and have done valuations for public and private businesses, but I can definitely see where increased training specifically in valuation (especially in the legal aspects) could be very valuable.   The CBV may have more value if you're looking to partner up with lawyers dealing with estate planning or private business sales. If you're looking at public markets, I'd say CFA.   One thing to be aware of, though, is that the CFA is probably significantly more work.
&gt; I also think it unfair that kids in the middle class have access to tutors, kids of the rich have access to elite private schools  Which we try to compensate by taking more money from the middle and upper class than we do the lower class, then use that money to pay for tutors and teachers for the lower class.  It's not perfect, but it's a big improvement to the days before that.  &gt; those with money have access to better medical care and so on.  Which is why pretty much all modern countries except America have a socialist medical system.
I'm not sure I'm following what you said. GDP PPP standardizes prices across countries to better compare how much is produced in each country. So 2 Big Macs sold at a low price in china results in a lower GDP than 1 expensive Big Mac in the US. Although with GDP PPP, china would have the bigger figure after adjusting for price differences since it produces more.
I don't think it would be going out on a thin limb to say:  if you paid $35/hour and were able to bus people, say, an hour each way from a city that had unemployed job seekers you would have absolutely no problem finding some motivated and enthusiastic new farm workers.
Over the past five years, QFVOX has returned 13.67%, compared to the index fund SPY that has returned 50.39%. SEVAX has lost 23.96%. AKREX has returned 81.82%. In two of your three examples, you would have done much better in an index fund with a very low expense ratio as suggested. While one can never, as you see, make a generalization, in almost every case, most investors will do better, and often much better, with an index fund with a low expense ratio. My source was Google Finance.
Is wash rule applicable for this? No - because you made a gain on the sale.  You paid $13,500 for the stock and sold it for $14,250.   The wash rule prevents you from claiming a loss if you buy the same stock again within 30 days.  You have no loss to claim, so the rule does not apply.
Answering my own question, I figured it out: yes, there is a way, with a tool called gnucash2ledger.py. Versions used: GnuCash 2.6.1, Ledger 2.6.2, hledger 0.22
"give up nuclear weapons and then, its game over for the Pakistani people.  What exactly does this look like?  ""the United States would have attacked Pakistan a long time ago.""  What, like those constant drone strikes raining down on Pakistan for years?  Look, Hitler McJewhater, sure, Pakistan has a few nukes. I don't think they have an exit strategy to use them effectively in a military action. Like North Korea, they would be effectively annihilated before the first mushroom cloud cleared."
"I'd like to modify the ""loss"" idea that's been mentioned in the other two answers.  I don't think a retail location needs to be losing money to be a candidate for sale.  Even if a retail location is not operating at a loss, there may be incentive to sell it off to free up cash for a better-performing line of business. Many large companies have multiple lines of business.  I imagine Sunoco makes money a few ways including: refining the gas and other petroleum products, selling those petroleum products, selling gas wholesale to franchised outlets or other large buyers, licensing their brand to franchised outlets, selling gas and convenience items direct to consumers through its own corporate-owned retail outlets, etc. If a company with multiple lines of business sees a better return on investment in certain businesses, it may make sense to sell off assets in an under-performing business in order to free up the capital tied up by that business, and invest the freed-up capital in another business likely to perform better. So, even ""money making"" assets are sometimes undesirable relative to other, better performing assets. Another case in which it makes sense to sell an asset that is profitable is when the market is over-valuing it.  Sell it dear, and buy it back cheap later."
Previous to apply for a home loan, recognize the time of charges, punishment or fee charged by your lending company or bank for defaulting in monthly EMI. Know the dispensation accuse and in case a person decides to control their loan from current lender to a new lender, the present lender will charge consequence or fee for pre-closure of your loan.
The economy was angry that day my friends! Like Bernie Madoff trying to send back soup at a deli. It got about fifty pips down and suddenly, ol' Buffet appeared before me. I tell ya, he was ten stories high if he was a foot. As if sensing my presence, he let out a great bellow.
Your assumption that funds sold in GBP trade in GBP is incorrect. In general funds purchase their constituent stocks in the fund currency which may be different to the subscription currency. Where the subscription currency is different from the fund currency subscriptions are converted into the fund currency before the extra money is used to increase holdings. An ETF, on the other hand, does not take subscriptions directly but by creation (and redemption) of shares. The principle is the same however; monies received from creation of ETF shares are converted into the fund currency and then used to buy stock. This ensures that only one currency transaction is done. In your specific example the fund currency will be USD so your purchase of the shares (assuming there are no sellers and creation occurs) will be converted from GBP to USD and held in that currency in the fund. The fund then trades entirely in USD to avoid currency risk. When you want to sell your exposure (supposing redemption occurs) enough holdings required to redeem your money are sold to get cash in USD and then converted to GBP before paying you. This means that trading activity where there is no need to convert to GBP (or any other currency) does not incur currency conversion costs. In practice funds will always have some cash (or cash equivalents) on hand to pay out redemptions and will have an idea of the number and size of redemptions each calendar period so will use futures and swaps to mitigate FX risk. Where the same firm has two funds traded in different currencies with the same objectives it is likely that one is a wrapper for the other such that one simply converts the currency and buys the other currency denominated ETF. As these are exchange traded funds with a price in GBP the amount you pay for the ETF or gain on selling it is the price given and you will not have to consider currency exchange as that should be done internally as explained above. However, there can be a (temporary) arbitrage opportunity if the price in GBP does not reflect the price in USD and the exchange rate put together.
Many enterprise owners inside the United States select to form their enterprise as a Delaware LLC because of the felony advantages from the state’s predictable enterprise friendly legal guidelines. Delaware LLC formation is easy, too — there's no need to visit the kingdom and minimal data is needed to form your LLC in Delaware. The method may be accomplished online; IncNow can assist shape a Delaware LLC in your enterprise in just five mins. You can form an LLC in Delaware without visiting, opening an office, or maintaining a bank account in Delaware.
"Yes, you really budget from ""net."" After all deductions on one's paycheck, it's not tough to wind up with 60% left, making the 30% of gross fully half of what you net.  The unasked question is whether this is a good budgeting tool. I think it really isn't. If you can find a place to rent that's a walk from your job, and that rent saves you the full cost of car ownership as well as the hour round trip each day your co-worker commutes, you might justify 50%.  ""Rules of thumb"", nearly all of them, should be taken with a grain of salt.  Show me your budget, and I'll know what your priorities are. Your budget is what's right for you, but as a PF blogger, I hope there's a line item for retirement savings, and another for fun."
This is a bit of an open-ended answer as certain assumptions must be covered. Hope it helps though. My concern is that you have 1 year of university left - is there a chance that this money will be needed to fund this year of uni? And might it be needed for the period between uni and starting your first job? If the answer is 'yes' to either of these, keep any money you have as liquid as possible - ie. cash in an instant access Cash ISA. If the answer is 'no', let's move on... Are you likely to touch this money in the next 5 years? I'm thinking house & flat deposits - whether you rent or buy, cars, etc, etc. If yes, again keep it liquid in a Cash ISA but this time, perhaps look to get a slightly better interest rate by fixing for a 1 year or 2 year at a time. Something like MoneySavingExpert will show you best buy Cash ISAs. If this money is not going to be touched for more than 5 years, then things like bonds and equities come into play. Ultimately your appetite for risk determines your options. If you are uncomfortable with swings in value, then fixed-income products with fixed-term (ie. buy a bond, hold the bond, when the bond finishes, you get your money back plus the yield [interest]) may suit you better than equity-based investments. Equity-based means alot of things - stocks in just one company, an index tracker of a well-known stock market (eg. FTSE100 tracker), actively managed growth funds, passive ETFs of high-dividend stocks... And each of these has different volatility (price swings) and long-term performance - as well as different charges and risks. The only way to understand this is to learn. So that's my ultimate advice. Learn about bonds. Learn about equities. Learn about gilts, corporate bonds, bond funds, index trackers, ETFs, dividends, active v passive management. In the meantime, keep the money in a Cash ISA - where £1 stays £1 plus interest. Once you want to lock the money away into a long-term investment, then you can look at Stocks ISAs to protect the investment against taxation. You may also put just enough into a pension get the company 'match' for contributions. It's not uncommon to split your long-term saving between the two routes. Then come back and ask where to go next... but chances are you'll know yourself by then - because you self-educated. If you want an alternative to the US-based generic advice, check out my Simple Steps concept here (sspf.co.uk/seven-simple-steps) and my free posts on this framework at sspf.co.uk/blog. I also host a free weekly podcast at sspf.co.uk/podcast (also on iTunes, Miro, Mixcloud, and others...) They were designed to offer exactly that kind of guidance to the UK for free.
Day trading is probably the most often tried and failed activity in the financial world. People think they can parlay $1,000 investment into $1,000,000 in a week with little or no knowledge on how to evaluate stocks and or companies. They think they can just look at where the line graphs' been and forecast where it's going to be next week. Unfortunately if it were that simple everyone would be making money hand over fist in the market.   So in short, the reason day trading is considered a risky venture is because most of the people that attempt to do it are willfully ignorant. They intentionally choose not to read about day trading. They intentionally choose not to learn about how to read a company's financial report and they intentionally choose not to learn how to compare one stock to another. They also don't consider the fact that most of their data is 15 or more min old because of the shady rules brokers have worked into the system.  Real everyday investors that make money in the market do it by careful evaluation of the purchase they are about to make. Guess what, even they lose time to time. That's the game!
In our Texas home we subscribe to wind energy and the cost for consumers is so much lower than the other companies who aren't renewable that we have access to.  We're in full swing summer, which inevitably brings on groans of power costs - mine was about 1/2 the price of my neighbors, they've all switched.  And it truly was an apples-to-apples home situation, the 3 of us live on the same floor of the same building with similar sun exposure and keep our Nest thermostats set to about the same.  I am paying 7.2 ¢ per kilowatt hour and they were paying 14+ ¢
Definitely not impossible to have a self-driving car guided only by cameras and radar. Humans drive based on vision alone. Whether the AI required is forthcoming that's a question that GM is ill positioned to answer. They suck at building cars, let alone software.
Q: If I call a tail a leg, then how many legs does a dog have?   A: 4. You can call it whatever you want, it's still a tail. The scenario is nonsense. There is a quid pro quo, the waitress served the customer and he tipped her. A $7 tip on a $24.47 check. He was generous, but misguided if he thought that this note would let the tip go untaxed.  And even though the article you link is fresh, the author has the gift threshold incorrect. This year it's $14,000, and has been so since 2013.  A cute story, and unlikely to be an issue for $7, but the IRS would take notice if this idea gained any traction.  Two references - If Gifts Are Not Income, Why Tax Gratuities? From the Tax Court Files: Is That Money a Gift or Income?
"It might not be fair, but we can't sort the fuckers out. So good ones, bad ones, it really doesn't fucking matter to us. You don't see us banning fucking buddhists or christians or whatever other hocus pocus religions there are out there. No, just the ones that are FUCKING PEOPLE UP DAILY.   Look, since you are infatuated with racists, maybe you will understand this.   How about if the KKK started lynching blacks like a motherfucker today... it was in the papers everywhere left and right, every day. They're killing them all over the place. So we say, ""ok, fucking kkk members, we're coming after you."" It's a fucking war, and it would be justified. If one guy happened to be a nice KKKer and didn't actually lynch blacks, it doesn't fucking matter, it's a fucking war. He's a KKKer, and in this war against them, he's the enemy.  Get it?"
You're right, of course - But that's not something you would ever want to do *accidentally*.   Five years from now, the OP may well decide to convert some of his traditional funds to Roth; for now, even though Roth was his original intent, that would mean a tax bloodbath come next April.   As an aside, the biggest reason (for most people) to have Roth funds **isn't** because you expect to make more (inflation - or more importantly, tax-code - adjusted) in retirement than now.  If that were the case, the entire concept would be almost worthless - Who the heck makes more *after* retiring than *before*?  The best reason to have substantial Roth funds in your retirement portfolio is the way that Social Security is taxed.  If you can keep your AGI under $25k (note that includes half of your SS benefits, but since the standard deduction is roughly $10k, those more-or-less cancel each other out), you don't pay a dime in taxes on your SSI.  So, if you have a solid budget, take your yearly expenses, subtract out $25k, and that's what you should (sustainably) have in Roth funds.  The remaining $25k is what you should have in traditional funds.
They mostly make money off of the spread between your order and the spread of the buy and sell currently in the market. As others have previously explained, their buy/sell spreads are a little lacklustre.
6 to 9 months worth of expenses is recommended. You should also consider having long-term disability insurance in place, in case of serious illness or accident.
Something that introduces the vocabulary and treats the reader like an intelligent individual? It's a bit overkill for 'retirement', but Yale has a free online course in Financial Markets. It's very light on math, but does a good job establishing jargon and its history. It covers most of the things you'd buy or sell in financial markets, and is presented by Nobel Prize winner Robert Schiller. This particular series was filmed in 2007, so it also offers a good historical perspective of the start of the subprime collapse. There's a number of high profile guest speakers as well. I would encourage you to think critically about their speeches though. If you research what's happened to them after that lecture, it's quite entertaining: one IPO'd a 'private equity' firm that underperformed the market as a whole, another hedge fund manager bought an airline with a partner firm that was arrested for running a ponzi scheme six months later.  The reading list in the syllabus make a pretty good introduction to the field, but keep in mind they're for institutional investors not your 401(k).
No, this is not generally possible, as each security purchase is booked as a separate order => hence separate transaction. You can do this through purchasing of a fund, i.e.: purchasing one share of a ETF will get you a relative share of the ETF holdings, but the actual holdings are not up to you then.
"By definition, a downturn in the business cycle will push some companies into bankruptcy. What's worse, a downturn in the business cycle will trigger ""bankruptcy fears"" for a LOT of companies, far more than will suffer this fate. So the prices of MANY candidates go down to levels that reflect this fear. This aggregate impact produces the ""overreaction"" you're talking about. It's called ""fallacy of composition""; some of these companies will go under, but not all. Then the prices of the survivors will bounce back strongly during the early stages of an upturn when it becomes clear which companies WON'T go bankrupt."
No, it doesn't work like this. Your charitable contribution is limited to the FMV. In your scenario your charitable contribution is limited by the FMV, i.e.: you can only deduct the worth of the stocks. It would be to your advantage to sell the stocks and donate cash. Had your stock appreciated, you may be required to either deduct the appreciation amount from the donation deduction or pay capital gains tax (increasing your basis to the FMV), depending on the nature of your donation. In many cases - you may be able to deduct the whole value of the appreciated stock without paying capital gains. Read the link below for more details and exceptions. In this scenario, it is probably more beneficial to donate the stock (even if required to pay the capital gains tax), instead of selling and donating cash (which will always trigger the capital gains tax). Exceptions.   However, in certain situations, you must reduce the fair   market value by any amount that would have been long-term capital gain   if you had sold the property for its fair market value. Generally,   this means reducing the fair market value to the property's cost or   other basis. You must do this if: The property (other than qualified appreciated stock) is contributed to certain private nonoperating foundations, You choose the 50% limit instead of the special 30% limit for capital gain property, discussed later, The contributed property is intellectual property (as defined earlier under Patents and Other Intellectual Property ), The contributed property is certain taxidermy property as explained earlier, or The contributed property is tangible personal property (defined earlier) that: Is put to an unrelated use (defined later) by the charity, or Has a claimed value of more than $5,000 and is sold, traded, or otherwise disposed of by the qualified organization during the year   in which you made the contribution, and the qualified organization has   not made the required certification of exempt use (such as on Form   8282, Donee Information Return, Part IV). See also Recapture if no   exempt use , later. See more here.
&gt;For the next 90 days, we are offering refunds for your purchase of the Juicero Press. Please contact help@juicero.com by December 1, 2017 to request a refund for your purchase.  This is a noble move, if they follow through on it. It was inevitable that they were not going to survive the controversy from earlier this year--they could have just cashed out.
Service base economy? What are you talking about?  This is about a FACTORY and also an R&amp;D center.  And, FYI, it's about producing things: design, production management, sales, service after sales, research and design of newer products, etc.  The center of all this is the factory.
"For US equities, Edgar Online is where companies post their government filings to the SEC. On Google Finance, you would look at the ""SEC filings"" link on the page, and then find their 10K and 10Q documents, where that information is listed and already calculated. Many companies also have these same documents posted on their Investor Relations web pages."
Run your credit reports for the 3 major agencies to find out which of them have the debt was reported on and initiate the dispute process with each agency that reports the invalid debt. This will cause the person who put it on the report to either prove that it is valid or remove it from your report. Ignoring debt collector calls is not a good option, regardless of whether the debt is valid. They obviously think the debt is yours so their response is naturally to put it on your credit report. In most cases it is a good idea to respond in writing that it is not your debt. I doubt you have much recourse against the creditor. For one thing they DID try to contact you and you dodged them. That is not their fault. Secondly, it is unlikely you would prevail unless you could prove that they maliciously put false information on your credit or through gross incompetence did so. More likely is that they are mismatching you to a debt from someone with a similar name, or there is an accounting error somewhere. Or possibly you owe the debt and no one ever sent you a bill. It happens with medical bills all the time.
You're only counting one year.   Let's say 30 years of data, minutewise, for 2,000 stocks, and 50 characters per data line. That's 1.5TB of data.  Since the market has grown, that's an overestimate - 30 years ago there weren't 2,000 stocks in the NYSE - but it still gives us ballpark of roughly 1 TB.  Not an easy download.
&gt; MSN polled more than 463,000 readers on its US homepage on Monday, July 17. It then used machine learning and big data, such as the census, to model how a representative sample of the US would have responded. It's nearly as accurate as a traditional scientific survey, MSN said.  So basically, you made the results of the poll up from the results of an internet poll...
The S&P 500 is a stock market index, which is a list of 500 stocks from the largest companies in America. You could open a brokerage account with a broker and buy shares in each of these companies, but the easiest, least expensive way to invest in all these stocks is to invest in an S&P 500 index mutual fund. Inside an index mutual fund, your money will be pooled together with everyone else in the fund to purchase all the stocks in the index.  These types of funds are very low expense compared to managed mutual funds.  Most mutual fund companies have an S&P 500 index fund; two examples are Vanguard and Fidelity.  The minimum investment in most of these mutual funds is low enough that you will be able to open an account with your $4000. Something you need to keep in mind, however: investing in any stock mutual fund is not non-risk.  It's not even low-risk, really.  It is very possible to lose money by investing in the stock market.  An S&P 500 index fund is diversified in the sense that you have money in lots of different stocks, but it is also not diversified, in a sense, because it is all in large cap American stocks.  Before investing in the stock market, you should have a goal for the money you are investing.  If you are investing for something several years away, an index fund can be a good place to invest, but if you will need this money within the next few years, the stock market might be too risky for you.
There's only one thing that will kill Walmart and Target: Walmart and Target.  Like just about every other corporation, they're going to find every way to trim costs to make more profit.  And those ways are going to make people shop elsewhere.  Walmart wasn't always known for hosting the dregs of society, at one point people liked shopping there because of all of the people they had working there, answering questions, helping out, keeping the place tidy &amp; clean.  Now they're often shitholes.  It's like they're taking pages out of the K-Mart playbook.
Right, so once again, engineering problem -- Pension funds could be treated differently, and pension fund experts could be consulted as to how to design the taxation system such that pension fund recipients aren't able to cheat the idle tax laws if their expected benefit/share of the fund is larger than certain cutoff values.
Excellent insight. Although not a television watcher myself, there really is no substitute for live broadcasting by the networks. The people who are touting a will to short the industry are the same people boasting about their 3D TV sets. The technology is expanding, and with it so will it's complimentary industries.
&gt; Seriously, though, fuck Vegas. Never visited and never wanted to. I can't imagine why people want to live there.  I can't fucking stand Vegas, but at least I've been there a few times and have enough experience to have a valid opinion.  Have you considered going outside and experiencing the world around you instead of just parroting whatever opinions you read on the blogosphere? How do you even know Vegas exists if you've never been there? For all you know, it might be a big internet joke!
"First, you've learned a very good lesson that quite a few people miss out on: notice how easy it is to get out of debt when you get a windfall of money?  The trouble is that if a person doesn't have the behavior to maintain their position, they will end up in the same place.  Many lottery winners end up being poor in the long run because their behavior is the problem, not their finances. If you feel that you're going to end up in debt again, this means simply that somewhere in your finances, your expenses exceed your income.  Simply put, there's only two fundamental things that can be done: You can do one or the other, or both.  Over budgeting, I prefer automation - automate your bills and spending by setting up a bill and spending account and when the money's gone, it's gone (you can tell yourself at that point, ""I have to find another source of income before I spend more"").  This not only helps you show where your money is going now, it also puts a constraint on your spending, which sounds like most of the problem currently.  Many of my friends and I make our saved/invested money VERY HARD to access, so that we can't get it immediately (like putting it in an account that will require three or four days to get to). The purpose of this is to shape your behavior into actions of either increasing your income, decreasing your spending, or both."
I wonder if this comment would be better under a conspiracy. But you know the banks can claim your income tax for payment of your college loans, and that the government is increasing how much you can get back on your income tax. Basically, isn't that just to get government money and giving it to the big banks?
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.commondreams.org/news/2017/06/16/seeking-economic-justice-all-hawaii-first-state-consider-basic-income) reduced by 67%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; Hawaii has become the first state to officially begin exploring the possibility of a universal basic income after a bill requesting the creation of a &amp;quot;Basic economic security working group&amp;quot; recently passed both houses of the state legislature.  &gt; The Hawaii bill was put forth by State Rep. Chris Lee, who in a Reddit post on Thursday explained the motivations behind the measure and the ambitions driving the movement demanding economic justice for all.  &gt; HCR 89 also establishes a Basic Economic Security Working Group co-chaired by the Department of Labor and Department of Business, Economic Development and Tourism to analyze our state&amp;#039;s economy, and find ways to ensure all families have basic financial security, including an evaluation of different forms of a full or partial universal basic income.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6hztmm/seeking_economic_justice_for_all_hawaii_first/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~147206 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **state**^#1 **basic**^#2 **Hawaii**^#3 **security**^#4 **economic**^#5"
Let's start from the premise that the mortgage is something you will have anyway because you need it to live (as opposed to say getting a bigger mortgage initially in the expectation of paying it down faster than scheduled). In that case I think paying down a mortgage certainly is an investment; one with a well-defined interest rate and maturity that depends on the precise terms of the mortgage. For example I have a (UK) mortgage that's fixed for the next two years at about 5%, and allows overpayments of £500 per month, which can be withdrawn at any time. So I treat those overpayments as equivalent to savings with quite a nice interest rate, especially since mortgage interest isn't tax deductible and so I actually get the full benefit of that interest rate.
One study. With flaws like this:  &gt; In particular, to avoid confusing establishments that were subject to the minimum with those that were not, the authors did not include large employers with locations both inside and outside of Seattle in their calculations.  And also [this, from the Seattle Times](http://www.seattletimes.com/business/uw-study-finds-seattles-minimum-wage-is-costing-jobs/)  &gt;In its report, the UW researchers focused on “low wage” jobs — those paying under $19 an hour — and not just “minimum wage” jobs, to account for the spillover effect of employers raising the pay of those making more than minimum wage.   &gt;To try to isolate the effects of the minimum-wage law from other factors, the UW team built a “synthetic” Seattle statistical model, aggregating areas outside King County but within the state that had previously shown numbers and trends similar to Seattle’s labor market.  &gt;Other studies on minimum wage have typically used lower-wage industries, such as the restaurant sector, or lower-paid groups such as teenagers, as proxies to get at employment, they said.  &gt;That was the case with a University of California, Berkeley study released last week that found Seattle’s minimum-wage law led to higher pay for restaurant workers without costing jobs in 2015 and 2016.  If you support Trump's policies, then you should be in favor of raising the minimum wage. Isn't that the whole purpose of reducing the labor supply from immigrants? There was an article recently about the affect that the reduced supply of immigrants was having on the summer labor supply in Cape Cod. They will have to raise wages to get more people.  From The Atlantic: [How the Democrats Lost Their Way on Immigration](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2017/07/the-democrats-immigration-mistake/528678/)
"If you are not taking any of the options in the Flexible Benefit Plan, then everything is taxable. Check about ""Retirals"", the practise differs from organization to organization. Some pay it out annually and some only pay on completion of certain duration on exit. So Deduct 47K from 7 lacs. Gross of around 653,000. Total tax for this around 53,000. After tax yearly around 600,000. Individual contribution to PF@ 12% of basic around 33,600. Net Yearly around 567,225. So net take home would be around 47,268. You can easily take items 3,6,7,8 around 62,400. Thus you will save tax of around 13,000. So take home will increase 1,080."
"You are not serious! You are asking strangers ""how should I go about it?"" and ""what can I use?""  If you are serious, study and research how you start a business. Also, try to design ONE cigarette lighter, make a small quantity and try to sell it.  Then, you can check if want to start that business and how to start it."
"the economy is, therefore, a gigantic broken window fallacy if you want to go down that path.   if you had technology that made food procurement, shelter, healthcare, and transportation obsolete, everyone in the world could do another productive activity.   the parable discusses the negation of the ""benefit"" that the calamity causes to economic actors (i.e. saying a broken window creates a job for the glass dude ignores the fact that the shop owner is now out one window) by a loss of use of that same capital for the shop owner - risk of loss associated with vehicle usage isn't analagous. It would be more in line with the shop owner consuming a resource which has a replacement cost."
I like TJ's.  An old friend works for them and has been moving up in management.  They treat him well and he likes the company.  What I don't like about TJ's is that they're fussy about the demographics where they open stores.  I live in a mid-sized city with a lot of ag, military and law enforcement.  Big enough for a TJ's, but they won't open one here because there aren't enough college-educated types.  (Of which I am one.)  I'd sure like one here, though.  Further, I think it'd do well.  I've mentioned it to my friend, but he doesn't have much input there.  Anyhow, I'd shop there if we had a local one.  They have good deals and I don't mind their in-house stuff one bit.  Some is better than others, but you can often find excellent products at a fair price.
This.  If the dollar wasn't the reserve currency we'd probably be in inflation hell, but it's undeniable that QE had a positive (and yes, somewhat superficial) impact. As another commenter in this thread alluded it's poor policy to continually kick the can down the road via another government put, but it's worse policy to let an entire class get economically crippled worse than what happened.
This kind of questions keeps repeating itself on this site and the answer is generally it doesn't matter. As you said yourself, there are costs either way, and these costs are comparable. Generally, merchant fees differ tremendously between the different kinds of merchants, and while gas stations and video rentals may pay up to 5% and even more, charitable organizations and community services are usually not considered as high fraud risk operation and are charged much lower fees. Either way, paying employees, managing cash/check deposits or paying merchant fees is part of the charity operational expenses. Together with maintaining offices, postal office boxes, office supplies, postage expenses and formal stationary and envelopes needed for physical donations handling. I would guess that if the charity's majority of donations come on-line as credit card/paypal payments - check handling will be more expensive. So I suggest you take the route you consider majority of donors pay - that would be the cheapest for them to handle. I would guess, credit cards being the most convenient - would be the way to go.
"I really don't feel co-signing this loan is in the best interests of either of us.  Lets talk about the amount of money you need and perhaps I can assist you in another way. I would be honest and tell them it isn't a good deal for anybody, especially not me.  I would then offer an alternative ""loan"" of some amount of money to help them get financing on their own.  The key here is the ""loan"" I offer is really a gift and should it ever be returned I would be floored and overjoyed.  I wouldn't give more than I can afford to not have. Part of why I'd be honest to spread the good word about responsible money handling.  Co-signed loans (and many loans themselves) probably aren't good financial policy if not a life & death or emergency situation.  If they get mad at me it won't matter too much because they are family and that won't change."
The only valid reason from a financial point of view is if the raise is a promotion or comes with conditions that are unacceptable to you. You may not want added supervisory responsibilties, for example. You need to use discretion when refusing advancement though, at places where I have worked, declining a raise or promotion is seen as a career killer for some circumstances.
Best Buy has always had high prices and horrible customer service. Can you tell I have a chip on my shoulder? lol they installed a stereo in my truck and broke the ac which cost me over $1900 to fix. After weeks of having a lawyer hound them, they sent me $1000 to settle the claim. Wasn't worth my time to miss work for small claims court. P.S. why is $1900 and the common man considered small claims? Big companies like Best Buy and Paypal just bully people using the law, and I'm sick of it!
"See [bilaterals.org for lots more on this medicine issue](http://www.bilaterals.org/?+-medicines-+) around the world.  They are clearly pushing the meme [""People shouldn't ever be put above unfettered profits""](http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/28/5/w957.full), Seriously.  Did you know, these deals [are irreversible, they last forever](http://www.bilaterals.org/?website-reveals-how-us-could) and bind all future governments/inhabitants of the same geographic areas unto eternity.  So, no more four year terms for corrupt officials, their bad decisions can curse a country for god knows how long, no limit!  What a scam.    Shhhh! Big secret.     http://citizen.typepad.com/eyesontrade/2013/11/38-million-retirees-say-no-to-a-trade-deal-that-would-make-medicine-more-expensive.html"
Jesus you're retarded. Should he take the time out of his day to condemn every group that might like him individually? He condemned the violence on both sides and political violence in general. What more do you fucking want? Do you want him to flog himself publicly and apologize for being white? The absurdity of the left's expectations for him is palpable and the only thing holding up most of their condemnations is pedantry. Literally nothing he does will satisfy you/ them so why bother? If anything he shouldn't have said anything about it just to piss you people off so you make a fool of yourselves. Should business owners and public figures issue public statements condemning any white supremacists that might be patrons or admirers of their work? It's preposterous to assume so, so why assume the same with the president?
Have you tried their site? Some places may have portions available though also beware that some companies may charge for some of their research pieces.
"So you being born where you were with the opportunities you were given, just because you made the most of them you feel that luck wasn't any part of it?  And a child born in a very poor, impoverished location without those opportunities should be expected to succeed just as well as you, and if they didn't then that means they just ""didn't work as hard as you""?  I'm sorry, but fuck everything about that sentiment.  Sure, you worked hard, pat yourself on the back.  But dismissing everyone else in the world simply because you think they just didn't work as hard as you completely misses the Lewis' point.  You were lucky to even have those opportunities, you should at the very least be thankful that you were given those opportunities."
Well, sure, why else would you buy them? Is it illegal now to accept money *from* PDVSA? Because I know my company does business with them, and if we are going to ship what we built for them, we need to see the money.
There is no guidance specifically for this yet, but in my professional opinion, there is not going to be a like kind exchange for crypto. So when you exchange one crypto for another there will be a capital gain, but your basis in the new coin will be the total gain on the old coin.
Thanks for the reply!  Sadly, I have considered NYC, Chicago and even London, but my heart is set on Toronto. Also, I'm not quite sure I know what you mean by siphoning funds. I wasn't aware that financial engineers in Toronto do things differently than financial engineers in the US.
"myRA is a name for a proposal Obama made to make IRA more accessible to people who are employed but don't have access to the traditional employer-sponsored retirement plans. However, other than making IRA more accessible - there's nothing in that plan that doesn't exist already. You can open IRA yourself and deposit money there yourself. The only thing ""myRA"" proposal adds is an ability to deduct money automatically from your paycheck and deposit it into your IRA without you doing it manually. Bottom line - it is just a proposal, not an existing program, that makes things you're already doing easier for people who are not doing it yet."
"I'm against frivolous litigation, but this is not frivolous.  If you saw an ""Irish need not apply"" sign on the outside of a store like in the old days, you'd think it was despicable.  This is just a little less obvious example."
You're missing the point. I'm suggesting (maybe poorly) that we should boycott corporations who support this legislation. I feel that few movies would be missed, although others would disagree. Which is their right, constitutionally as it would happen.   If a studio does not support the legislation, I suggest supporting them with the dollars you would otherwise spend supporting the boycotted studios.   No doubt movies are art, as is literature, fine arts and so on. I support a person or company's right to intellectual property, and their right to protect it. I do not support, and can not support a corporation or person who supports, the broad ham-fisted approach that is SOPA. I believe that it is a direct attack on our freedom of expression, and thus supporters of it are attacking our freedom of expression.   I'm appalled that you would not sacrifice the enjoyment of a film to try to voice your opinion that you deserve the right to voice your opinion.   The people supporting SOPA are the buggy whip manufacturers lobbying against the auto industry. They need to innovate instead of stifling the free communication of ideas.
"My guess is they are fishing for business for their in-house finance person. In the UK, all the estate agency chains (and many of the smaller outfits) have financial advice firms they are affiliated with, often to the extent that a desk in each branch will be for 'the finance guy' (it's usually a guy). The moment you show any sign of not quite having the finances for a place you like, they will offer you a consultation with the finance guy, who ""will be able to get you a deal"". On commission, of course. What you need to say with regards to financing is (delete as applicable) ""I am a cash buyer"" / ""I have an Agreement In Principle"". And that's it. They do not 'need' to know any more, and they are under obligation to pass your offer on to the vendor."
"in undergrad business, you will have a broad scope of information to cover, and schools and professors will vary widely in how they approach it.  it will be hard to say for certain how you can edge out your peers before knowing what they are looking for. however, finance and business are intellectually nebulous, especially at the undergrad level. your best bet is to maintain a broad set of interests and stay well read on them.  i would recommend watching Bloomberg fairly regularly, opening a brokerage account and taking advantage of the reps you can talk to, and reading news like The Atlantic and Washington Post,  among others, as long as they are well reasoned and contemporary accounts. classic and modern economics books will give you superior frameworks in which to look at the ""smaller"" world of finance, which should set you apart from your peers as well."
What sort of items? That being said, I am cheap and not brand loyal...I buy what's on sale. I have never seen 'everyday items' cheaper than the grocery store or Aldi or Costco (places where I most of my shopping when not shopping online).
The reason to do a stock split is to get the price of the stock down to an affordable range. If your stock costs $100,000 per share, you are seriously cutting in to the number of people who can afford to buy it. I can think of two reasons NOT to do a stock split. The biggest is, Why bother? If your stock is trading at a reasonable price, why change anything? It takes time and effort, which equals money, to do a stock split. If this serves no purpose, you're just wasting that effort. The other reason is that you don't want to drive your stock price down too low. Low prices are normally associated with highly speculative start-up companies, and so can give a wrong impression of your company. Also, low prices make it difficult for the price to reflect small changes. If your stock is trading at $10.00, a 1/2 of 1% change is 5 cents. But if it's trading at $1.50, a 1/2 of 1% change is a fraction of a penny. Does it go up by that penny or not? You've turned a smooth scale into a series of hurdles.
"As an opinion column that uses the word ""toxins"" I can't help but dismiss it entirely.  [Here is the summary of the study](http://www.leopold.iastate.edu/news/07-09-2012/higher-diversity-fewer-inputs-make-profitable-farms) which is much clearer about their results, the problems, and lacks the ""oh no not CHEMICALS"" woo."
"&gt; but I think Microsoft have hit the money with the idea of the Surface Pro  The problem is that they are not taking the **idea** of ""Surface"" to it's necessary &amp; logical (practical) extent.  IMO there ***is*** a market for a really LARGE (like 2 ft x 3 ft) single surface interactive screen-based computer -- **solidly mounted in a fully tilt-able (and height adjustable) manner akin to a drafting table or a large ""paste up"" board** -- something that you can comfortably sit at (or raise and stand in front of) and lean in to work on -- IOW, something that is capable of really being a *true* ***desk-top***, as in capable of displaying multiple pages, or a (one or more) large blueprint sized drawings.  CAD people would LOVE that.  Publications people would EAT it up! And even general office workers &amp; business people would probably like it as well.  (So the thing *doesn't* have to be lightweight &amp; portable, much less ""thin"" to achieve that, in fact some ""heft"" &amp; thickness/weight would probably be a beneficial thing, provided the base was solidly built -- and in fact the computer doesn't *have* to be part of the screen, it could be in a box located on the support structure underneath somewhere).  *In a lot of ways I think people are TRYING to achieve that very thing with DIY multiple monitor arrays.*  They ALMOST had it with the [""surface/table"" concept (renamed PixelSense)](http://static.trustedreviews.com/94/00002387d/51cf_orh350w620/Microsoft-Surface-PixelSens.jpg) but they apparently they are too caught up in the gaming/Star-Trek concept origins, and don't realize that working ""hunched over"" on a flat (horizontal) surface (especially some ""coffee table"" height thing, but [even seated](http://www.blogcdn.com/www.engadget.com/media/2011/01/surface-2-hands-dsc0297-rm-eng.jpg)) is just a *literally* royal frigging **pain in the neck.** (Besides, most work is text/image related and has an up/down orientation on the display -- no one really WANTS to be on the opposite side looking at shit upside-down, much less on the two adjacent sides looking at things while trying to cock your head 90 degrees). And hanging the thing on the **wall** doesn't work well for most applications either.  It's [much like the curved screen concept thing in the Minority Report flick](http://blog.templatemonster.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/minority-report.jpg)... looks cool, but who the hell wants to **stand** in front of a permanently high-mounted screen all day (much less have to **stretch-reach** several feet away to ""grab"" something ... and even worse to ""grasp"" something in the nothingness of mid-air).  Much like the [Star Trek horizontal ""pool table"" screen thing](http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/inconsistencies/props/pooltable-hollowpursuits.jpg)... it *looks* like it works in a movie &amp; TV (and for the types of things they are using them for) ... but not very practical for most real life computer applications."
Những nữ tiếp viên này bắt đầu công việc của họ bằng cách chờ đợi trong một phòng đặc biệt. Khi khách hàng cần, “má mì” sẽ đưa khách vào phòng đặc biệt này và bắt các “em út” đứng thẳng, xếp thành hai hàng cho khách thỏa mắt chọn lựa.
There are some excellent responses to this question at the time of this post. I have had the greatest success writing 1-month options. The 2 main reasons are as follows: With little time to expiration as stated in the question the implied volatility of the option is dictating the premium. Looking for the highest premiums is a mistake because you are taking a conservative strategy and re-creating it into a high-risk strategy. My sweet spot is a 2-4% monthly return for my initial profit and then mastering management techniques to protect that return and even enhancing it.
I agree with this as well.   I don't think a lot of people in the US realize that immigration is one of the US's saving graces when it comes to future economic growth. Only India's population will grow faster than the US's on a % basis over the next 15 years or so.  I also agree on the financial panics lasting 7 years. The Reinhart and Rogoff piece even suggested that the US experienced a run of the mill financial panic based on previous historical experiences.
Reading your other comments, it's obvious you're just a troll so I'm not going to waste my time debating you. At least I'm hoping you're a troll, because it's easier for me to believe there aren't actually people as moronic as you in the world.
Vikasmarg.com is a portal which allows you post the ads freely. The range includes business services, advertising services, and organizing events and so on. The portal offers you several advantages to buy, sell and lease the things in a faster manner. The ads contain complete information about the products and services as well as the contact information of the buyer and seller.
I think if you transfer money from your account in Germany to your account in Canada you don't have to pay any taxes. However if you get any interest on your deposits, you probably have to pay tax (and probably in Canada) regardless where the account is.
Does the Spanish market, or any other market in euroland, have the equivalent of ETF's?  If so there ought to be one that is based on something like the US S&P500 or Russell 3000. Otherwise you might check for local offices of large mutual fund companies such as Vanguard, Schwab etc to see it they have funds for sale there in Spain that invest in the US markets.  I know for example Schwab has something for Swiss residents to invest in the US market.  Do bear in mind that while the US has a stated policy of a 'strong dollar', that's not really what we've seen in practice.  So there is substantial 'currency risk' of the dollar falling vs the euro, which could result in a loss for you.  (otoh, if the Euro falls out of bed, you'd be sitting pretty.)  Guess it all depends on how good your crystal ball is.
I'm not saying new jobs aren't created every day with the increased pace of technology, I'm just saying it's not fair to claim that every job a robot replaces will be made up for 1:1 with a robot support job and that the only thing holding that back is education.   Also, I'm not arguing against technological progress in general. The distinct difference with automation is that it replaces jobs. When we went from horses to cars, over time people migrated from one transportation support role to another. Carriage drivers (or their children) became taxi drivers with time. What I'm wondering is what happens when those roles are *replaced* not changed. When all taxis and trucks are driven by robots, what happens to those people? It's not like they become flying taxi or flying truck operators. Those jobs just don't exist any more.   The impact of automation to date has been absorbed as we have transitioned to a services based economy rather than a production based economy, but I can't see what we would transition to if many of the services we receive and all of production are no longer provided by humans.
"Are you asking ""what does everybody else do/spend""?  I think any amount less that 90% is ""safe"", but if depends on your goals.  Saving a ""dime of every dollar"" is a good rule of thumb for retirement, so 90% is left to spend. But I believe that is the wrong way to think about it.  You have expenses; some are optional and some are not.  The percentages aren't the important thing.  What is important is that you meet your obligations and meet your goals.  Everybody is different, so I don't think you can reasonably your percent of expenses to somebody else. In setting up your budget, go the simple route.  You can always get super detailed later if you want. INCOME As you have extra funds, be sure you have an emergency fund (~6 months of expenses) and a fully funded retirement.  Pay off any outstanding debts.  If you are so fortunate to have some left over, then revisit the savings amount or become an investor like many people here; or have fun and go on vacations; or buy a nicer car.  The point being you will know you can afford it. If you put detailed categories under those main categories, that will give you a picture of where you spend you money and you can fix that if desire.  If it bothers you that you spend 15% of your income on imported classical music, you can adjust that with a habit change."
People can engage in whatever mental gymnastics that they want if they're only reading the headline. There's no way to get enough information from it to be educated on the subject. Even your headline, I can dismiss the statistics because I don't know the source. I can still throw in my own anecdote to dispute it. A person's ignorance and personal beliefs can trump even the best crafted sentence.  I don't think headline readers are any better or worse off reading the current headline or yours.
"Robin Hood stole from the GOVERNMENT because they had OVERTAXED the people. ""Robin Hood tax"" is some 1984 orwellian bullshit. It's like saying ""free slavery"". Robin Hood's entire basis was to reduce taxation by giving the people back their god damn money from the taxing king."
It is. I stopped using Uber. I use Lyft exclusively now, even tho they cost a little more.  Obviously one customer is not going to have a huge impact on a billion dollar company, but a real businessman knows every dollar you lose is hurting your business. That is, a businessman interested in success, rather than mediocrity, knows that.
Birthdays are the most awaited time of a child’s diary and trying to make it special is every parent’s dream. So, if you have a daughter and you are planning a birthday for her and her girl gang, then ‘Spa on Wheels’ can be the best idea that can assure an exciting as well as glamorous treat.
The prices dropped because the scandal could mean: This some people estimated that the company could lose money, or have smaller profit. Thus each share was worth less money going forward. The mechanism is that in order to sell their shares the current share owners had to settle for lower prices.
That's not how pension funds work. Individuals don't have their own account. They have a promise for a guaranteed amount of income. The money gets managed all together in one giant pool by professional investors. And these are the investors that the article is talking about.  They're not a bunch of billionaires refusing to invest idle cash. They're often bureaucrats in charge of sovereign wealth funds that are desperately trying to earn enough interest to meet their obligations. Taxing them more isn't going to help anything.
"I use the (gratis, libre) command-line program ledger for my personal accounts.  It handles funds across accounts gracefully, through a feature called ""Virtual Accounts"".  A transaction can add or subtract money from a virtual account, which need not balance with all the other entries in the transaction.  Then it's just a matter of setting up reports to include or exclude these accounts."
If you're maxing out your 401k, just save in tax-efficient investments like stocks and tax efficient funds.  If you live in a state with income taxes, look at municipal bond funds for some tax-free income. In 2011, be careful with bond funds and look for short duration funds.
Your parents would file their taxes as they normally do. It would be as if your parents were landlords renting a room to your girlfriend. She would not be claimed on their taxes. If your girlfriend pays rent to your parents (through her parents or otherwise) it would be claimed as rental income. The household size wouldn't change because even though your girlfriend is living with your parents they are not financially responsible for her. Example: A landlord would not claim renters as dependents or in household size on their taxes.
Why limit yourself to $28K per year?  If you pay the tuition directly to the institution, it does not count against your annual or lifetime gift-giving totals.  You could pay the entire tuition each year with no tax consequences. The only thing you can't do if you want to go this route is give the money to your children; that's what causes the gift tax to kick in.  The money must be paid directly to the school.
So you don't have to click the link   &gt;When the 30-year bond yield begins the year below 4%, stocks go up 22.1%.  &gt;When investment grade bonds yield below 4%, stocks go up 16%.  &gt;When high yield bonds yield below 8%, stocks go up 11.6%.  &gt;When cash as a percent of asset for non-financials is above 10%, stocks go up 17.6%.  &gt;When the Fed tightens 0-75 basis points in the year, stocks go up 22%.  &gt;When oil falls more than 20%, stocks go up 27.5%.
Lobbyists wrote it. Its all the things that they want but could never get in an election. Plus, once they are in a trade deal, they can't ever be reversed, even by future administrations, even political upheavals cant change them. Because they give corporations ownership rights to the countries markets that can't be taken away or changed by governments or they have to pay. The taxpayers have to compensate MULTINATIONAL corporations for things like regulations.The trade deals are a new supranational system which elevates multinational corporations to a place where they can sue nations if they change the rules after a corporation has invested some money in the situation. Politicians can do whatever they want *as long as it doesn't effect any multinational corporations business interests adversely.*   For example, they can do things which make them *more* profitable, just not less. that leaves them as always having to impact people because people dont exist in this system except as a passive buyer in the marketplace which cannot be devalued by - for example, public services which devalue markets. The country would have to reimburse the owners for the lost profits.
There are so many unnoticed issues and concerns that arise on a building’s attic or roof cavities with poor ventilation systems. For this reason, it is important to learn some of the requirements to eliminate mold or mildew problems caused by excess moisture and other causes that will affect the lifespan of a housetop covering.
If the transfer is from a country in Euro region, then yes, using Does, it's possible. However if it's outside then all other details are required. Edit IBAN is used by EURO countries and is supposed to simplify things. However till its fully adopted by all countries and clearing networks, there is quite a bit of confusion and complexity for individuals.   Low Value Transfer in Euro region in EUR currency is on SEPA network that only understands IBAN and only supports EUR currency. If you are transfering within UK [both banks in UK] in GBP, it would go on BACS network that only understands SortCode+AccountNumber. There are some Banks that give you interface that take an IBAN and convert to SortCode+AccountNumber and submit to BACS.
Definitely a good idea, but the headline is not accurate.  In the body of the piece it says he is 'on track to be profitable on $1 million in revenues' which in venture-speak means he has not yet reached that revenue level yet- and that he has received $2 million in venture financing.
Wouldn't this just have the same effect as student loans (ie: rising tuition costs)?  If I'm a for-profit school and my students are now getting paid $X per semester for attending, why not just raise tuition by $X?
"By living in Sweden and having a Swedish personal identification number (personnummer), you are required to declare your entire worldwide income for tax purposes with the Swedish tax authorities, Skatteverket. It would seem to not make any difference if some of that income is kept outside of Sweden. A company that has no permanent base of operations within Sweden should not deduct any preliminary taxes for an employee that lives in Sweden. Rather, the employee should apply for ""special A tax"" (""SA"" tax status), and pay the taxes that, had the company had a permanent base of operations in Sweden, the company would have paid. The information available on the tax authority's web site in English seems limited, but the relevant page in Swedish in your situation is very likely Lön från utländska arbetsgivare utan fast driftställe i Sverige. There is a summary at Paying taxes – for individuals. Particularly do note the summary section: When staying for at least six months, you are considered as resident in Sweden for tax purposes, and are liable for taxation in Sweden on all of your worldwide income. You must also file a Swedish income tax return. Your tax return must be filed no later than May 2nd of the year after the fiscal year. as well as that: If you stay in Sweden for a continuous period of at least six months you are considered to be resident in Sweden. /.../ As a resident you are liable for taxation in Sweden on all of your worldwide income. In some cases a tax treaty with with your ordinary country of residence  may limit the Swedish taxation. /.../ For a more detailed answer, including which exact forms you need to fill out and what data is needed, I strongly recommend that you either contact Skatteverket (they are usually quite nice to deal with, and they tend to realize that everyone benefits from getting the tax paperwork and payments right from the beginning), or find an attorney specializing in Swedish tax law. They even point out themselves that (my emphasis): the practical applications of these rules are relatively complicated and for more information you can contact the Tax Information (“Skatteupplysningen”) at 0771 567 567."
You would be surprised. I work in a grocery store where poor customers use a food stamps card to buy their groceries but pull out a debit card for a $60 carton of cigarettes and a $20 case of beer. They use the money they should be using for food on other things because they get an EBT card.
Global Trade Connect provides tools and a platform for connecting buyers across the world with maximum suppliers. You can get information about different buyers and customers by visiting Buyers directory through online and offline resources. If you list in our directory, then you will have every option to know their contact details and address details with the help of your registration. For more information you can visit our website globaltradeconnect.com.
It wasn't that long ago that Tim Horton's was owned by Wendy's, another American fast food chain. The only reason Investment Canada would have to block a foreign takeover would be if it would risk Canadian jobs (which this one wouldn't) or risks putting an important Canadian resource in foreign hands (which this takeover also wouldn't).  Investment Canada has only blocked two foreign acquisitions of Canadian companies in the past 25 years.
When you are creating a cafe or designing an office all you must do is invest in the best quality desks and chairs. This is because apart from the interior design these things will matter a lot. A good set of desks and chairs can actually enhance the look of the office.
"**Put aside the politics?**  That's laughable for an article that is nothing BUT politics.  For starters the artificially false conflation of *everyone* as if their behavior were homogeneous, when in reality it is a full spectrum (there are many people with not only ZERO debt, but substantial assets, including very productive assets).  Ergo the argument that there is some egalitarian ""solution"" to this by treating everyone the same way... is in fact a POLITICAL assumption (and a very biased one at that)."
"[Union membership is way down in the US.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Union_membership_in_us_1930-2010.png) ""Plenty"" is a relative and relatively meaningless term. The real question is, do unions have any power to counterbalance that of corporations and politicians, and I think in the US the answer is that they have minimal power."
At Allfreight finance our commitment is to provide our clients with the highest quality and comprehensive range of financial services, the team here offer reliable and transparent commercial truck financing and new truck financing. Vehicles like vans, dual cabs, refrigerated trucks, pan tech trailers, tippers, light trucks, and other heavy vehicles. To know more in details contact us today.
"Absolutely! Superstar employees are a conceived threat to management and managers who know they they are not to the level of those employees and those employees may gain too much power, etc. Pure political games.  Also, once you get rid of a superstar employee, you need to hire 10 other people to replace that person... who will make a big mess... so you need even more managers/management and also more employees.  It's very simple.  The only reason superstar employees keep their job is the fear of a big mess if they are let go.  Also, NEVER EVER(!) promote those superstar employees, despite the urgent need for their talent to be transferred to others and use their talent in higher up positions.  I am a Superstar employee, 20 years in my company, know things and systems that no one else knows and systems I created are responsible to 90% of sales. I am not kidding, I am not making up things and, yes, I can brag. I do the work of at least 10 ""normal"" employees.  Despite that, I would have been fired long time ago.  I did not and will not... for next 4 years... until my planned retirement, when I want to get fired.  I am smart to not get fired because I limit the ton and arguments I have with the ""enemies"". I am also very passive-aggressive. I found it much better to let them go their way and watch them and ""help"" them fail. Why do they fail? Because I know they right way, and because I know the right way, they will automatically select another way which is doomed.  **Think Dilbert! This comics are actual true and accurate representation of what happens in almost all companies.**  Oh, the stories I can tell you! I am 20 years in the company, and many many ""brilliant"" managers came and let go.  Lastly, I am well respected in the company, but the ""enemies"" who don't like me make it not so nice at times for me.  P/S: an even bigger superstar employee than me, a friend of mine, a different company, was let go because of politics. He told me that his work is now done by 16 new employees and a big mess still going on. I am totally believe him and not surprised at all."
The IRR is the Discount Rate r* that makes Net Present Value NPV(r*)==0. What this boils down to is two ways of making the same kind of profitability calculation.  You can choose a project with NPV(10%)>0, or you can choose based on IRR>10%, and the idea is you get to the same set of projects.  That's if everything is well behaved mathematically. But that's not the end of this story of finance, math, and alphabet soup. For investments that have multiple positive and negative cash flows, finding that r* becomes solving for the roots of a polynomial in r*, so that there can be multiple roots.  Usually people use the lowest positive root but really it only makes sense for projects where NPV(r)>0 for r<r* and NPV(r)<0 for r>r*.   To try to help with your understanding, you can evaluate a real estate project with r=10%, find the sum future discounted cash flows, which is the NPV, and do the project if NPV>0.   Or, you can take the future cash flows of a project, find the NPV as a function of the rate r, and find r* where NPV(r*)==0. That r* is the IRR.  If IRR=r*>10% and the NPV function is well behaved as above, you can also do the project. When we don't have to worry about multiple roots, the preceding two paragraphs will select the same identical sets of projects as meeting the 10% return requirement.
CLM is a Closed End Fund. It is a collection of other securities that trades as if it were stock issued by a single company. NASDAQ cares about how it trades, so that would be why they list it as you say they do.  Here is a list of their top 25 holdings: http://portfolios.morningstar.com/fund/holdings?t=CLM&region=usa&culture=en-US
I hate apples business practice down to the core, but whenever a not-so-tech-savvy friend or older gentleman/lady asks me what I think about Apple,...I cite their customer service.  A lot of the other companies out there either require a million dollar service package, or you are on the phone with a call center in India.  I don't mind this myself as I love the freedom it gives me over Apple (Hell, none of my software/hardware (except my laptop) is an OEM package)...but for an older lady who just cant seem to figure out how to get her email open...an apple care center (or whatever they call them, genius bars?) down the road is a fantastic option.
"I think, the top three answers by Joe, Anthony and Bigh are giving you all the detail that you need on a technical sense. Although I would like to add a simple picture that underlines, that you can not really compare day trading to long-term trading and that the addictive and psychologic aspect that you mentioned can not be taken out of consideration. The long term investor is like someone buying a house for investment. You carefully look at all offers on the market. You choose by many factors, price, location, quality, environment, neighborhood and extras. After a long research, you pick your favorites and give them a closer look until you finally choose the object of desire, which will pay off in 10 years and will be a wise investment in your future. Now this sounds like a careful but smart person, who knows what he wants and has enough patience to have his earnings in the future. The short term investor is like someone running into the casino for a game of black-jack, roulette or poker. He is a person that thinks he has found the one and only formula, the philosopher's stone, the money-press and is seeking immense profits in just one night. And if it does not work, he is sure, that this was just bad coincidence and that his ""formula"" is correct and will work the next night. This person is a pure gambler and running the risk of becoming addicted. He is seeking quick and massive profits and does not give up, even though he knows, that the chances of becoming a millionaire in a casino are quite unrealistic and not better than playing in a lottery. So if you are a gamer, and the profit is less important than the ""fun"", then short term is the thing for you. If you are not necessarily seeking tons of millions, but just want to keep your risk of loss to a minimum, then long term is your way to go. So it is a question of personality, expectations and priorities. The answer why losses are bigger on high frequency signals is answered elsewhere. But I am convinced in reality it is a question of what you want and therefore very subjective. I have worked for both. I have worked for a portfolio company that has gone through periods of ups and downs, but on the long term has made a very tempting profit, which made me regret, that I did not ask for shares instead of money as payment. These people are very calm and intelligent people. They spend all their time investigating and searching for interesting objects for their portfolio and replace losers with winners. They are working for your money and investors just relax and wait. This has a very serious taste to it and I for my part would always prefer this form of investment. I have worked for an investment broker selling futures. I programmed the account management for their customers and in all those years I have only seen one customer that made the million. But tons of customers that had made huge losses. And this company was very emotional, harsh, unpersonal - employees changing day by day, top sellers coming in corvettes. All the people working there where gamblers, just like their customers. Well, it ended one day, when the police came and confiscated all computers from them, because customers have complained about their huge losses. I am glad, that I worked as a remote developer for them and got paid in money and not in options. So both worlds are so different from each other. The chances for bigger profits are higher on day trading, but so are the chances for bigger losses - so it is pure gambling. If you like gambling, split your investment: half in long term and other half in short term, that is fun and wise in one. But one thing is for sure: in over ten years, I have seen many customers loosing loads of money in options in the future markets or currencies. But I have never seen anyone making a loss in long term portfolio investment. There have been hard years, where the value dropped almost 30%, but that was caught up by the following years, so that the only risk was minimizing the profit."
As an electric vehicle engineer... I can say that shitty 18650 batteries are not the only bottleneck in vehicle production. If your supply chain is completely dependant on out of date battery technolgy, one small part of an EV,  the vehicle will be postponed a great deal. There are many many facets to vehicle production than 1/5 of the powertrain.
Are the topics of phone calls getting logged? If you have a list of the top 10 most popular phone call reasons, then you could start with those. Sit down with someone who is currently answering phones, and ask them how they resolve issues for the most common call topics.  That's what I've done in the past, and it went pretty smoothly. Of course, if there's been no trend tracking, it makes it difficult to retroactively gather that information.
Yes. Instead of paying a cash dividend to shareholders, the company grants existing shareholders new shares at a previously determined price. I'm sorry, but scrip issues are free (for all ordinary shareholders) and are in proportion to existing share holding. No payment is required from shareholders. So instead of having 10 $1 shares, the shareholder (if accepts) now could have 20 50p shares, if it was a one-for-one scrip issue.
I'm not familiar enough with finance in any capacity to know what the difference is between financial services or a finance department (beyond what you said); my familiarity of the industry extends to trading, rating, and financial law enforcement. But at a glance on mobile, that looks like pretty much exactly what I was looking for. I have no connect to the industry, but habe been on a Wall St media binge lately, and like to understand powerful/influencial sectors of society anyways. Thanks.
"Videos in this thread:  [Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r6v5nrj?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)  VIDEO|COMMENT -|- [Richard Spencer - I Am A Socialist And I Hate The Right Wing](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGhXo_a5NAM)|[+3](https://www.reddit.com/r/economy/comments/6v5nrj/_/dly686k?context=10#dly686k) - Hey, I have brains! Maybe I'll google it!  ...  Ok, so it says here, in regards to the alt-right, that: ""White supremacist Richard Spencer coined the term in 2010""  And then, here's that guy that coined the term and is a major leader in the movement ... [Responsibility to the Poor](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rls8H6MktrA)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/economy/comments/6v5nrj/_/dly9xcd?context=10#dly9xcd) - To me that's a failure on a collective level.   I'd say it's more of a failure on a personal level. Without the mass of wealth that exists due to capitalism and free trade, there would be nothing to support anyone with. We wouldn't have to worry abou... (1) [Fake Begger Makes $100,000 year - The Real way to earn money Panhandling!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPH4jl5kGp4) (2) [How Much Money I Made As A Panhandler - Confessions #4](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLc7VCznliU)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/economy/comments/6v5nrj/_/dlyyfc9?context=10#dlyyfc9) - When you only other choice is OR DIE, it's pretty much slavery. Getting to choose your master, oh I'm sorry, ""career path"" is just mincing words.   What do you think would happen if there were no other humans around? You'd have to work or die.   You ... I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can. *** [Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r6v5nrj?feature=playlist&amp;ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)"
Canadian departure tax is implemented as a deemed sale gains proceeds taxation. Check here for details. What it means is that you're taxed on the difference between your FMV on the date of terminating residency and your Canadian cost basis (FMV when you acquired residency, or regular cost basis if you acquired the assets while being resident of Canada). It doesn't matter if you actually withdraw the money or not, it has no significance. You'll have to pay the tax either way.
Can you point me to where you got the figure for number of car crashes? If it cost $230k per accident, based on the the total cost of $270 billion, that would mean there were ~1.17 million accidents. [Based on the 2010 census, there were 5.5 million accidents](http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/2012/tables/12s1114.pdf) Unfortunately, they didn't have the 2010 figures which this report is based on but let's assume this figure would remain around there. Then we'd come out to $49,000 / accident.
Identify the market and time period. Use the [capital asset pricing model](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_asset_pricing_model) to determine the market beta(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beta_(finance) for your given stock and interpret the results (if your stock plots above the security market line, it means you are getting higher return for your risk, with consideration of the affects of market risk).  Maybe give a more detailed question? You might simply need to compute a modified [Sharpe Ratio](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharpe_ratio) using the market (during the time you've decided is the recession) as the risk free rate. Tough to give a good answer to such a general/non-specific question.  EDIT: link formatting - can't get the beta page to link because of '( )' in url
"Pick up that straw. Your Apple/Amazon examples have nothing in common with the subject at hand.  If you can't tell the difference between ""licensed, underutilized professional equipment/drivers"" and bending/breaking:     1. Labor laws     2. Vehicle registration categories     3. Driver licensing rules     ...and engaging in auto insurance fraud, I've got nothing else to say."
The procedure entails developing an account in addition to every with the search engines like Google through which local business listing is going to be claimed. This account is dedicated to you personally and used only for the company’s listings. You retain possession of this account, and administration from the accounts could be fully utilized in you at the finish of anything.
I love the flat rate VAT scheme. It's where you pay a percentage based on your industry. An example might be Computer repair services, where you'll pay 10.5% of your total revenue to the HMRC. But you'll be invoicing for VAT at 20% still. Would definitely recommend registering for it since you're expecting to cross the threshold anyway. And like DumbCoder said, you also get a first year discount of 1%, so in the example above, you'd end up paying 9.5% VAT on your turnover. I personally found it a pain to invoice without VAT (my clients expected it), so registering made sense regardless of the fact I was over threshold. The tricky bit is keeping under the £150k turnover so you stay eligible for the flat rate. It does get more complex otherwise.
"Numbers: Estimate you still owe around 37000 (48500 - 4750, 5% interest, 618 per month payment). Initial price, down payment, payments made - none of these mean anything.  Ask your lender, ""What is the payoff of the current loan?"" Next, sell or trade the current vehicle. Compare to the amount owed. Any shortfall has to be repaid, out of pocket, or in some cases added to the price of the new car and included in the principal of the new loan.  You cannot calculate how much you still owe the way you have, because it totally ignores interest. Advice on practicality:  Don't do this.  You will be upside down even worse on the new car from the instant you drive off the lot.  Sell the current vehicle, find a way to pay the difference - one that doesn't involve financing. Cut your losses on the upside down vehicle. Then purchase a new vehicle. I'm in the ""Pay cash for gently used"" school, YMMV. Another option is to go to your bank.  Refinance your car now to get a lower interest rate.  Pay as much of the principal as you can.  Keep that car until it is paid off.  Then you will not be upside down. If you're asking how to use the estimator on the webpage.  Put the payoff in the downpayment as a negative and the trade in value in the trade in spot.  Expect the payment to go up significantly.   Another opinion that might be practical advice.  Nothing we say here will convince your financially responsible spouse that this is a good idea."
I have taken the free Kiyosaki evening course, and it does give some good information. It is an upsell to the $500 weekend course, which I also took. That course taught me enough about real-estate investing to get started. I have not yet had the need to pursue his other, more expensive courses. Read his books, take the $500 course, read other people's books on real estate investing, talk to other like-minded individuals, and gain some experience. I understand real estate better than I understand paper assets because I spent more time studying real estate.  If you want to invest in real estate, study it first. If you want to invest in paper assets, study those first.
&gt;correlation doesn't imply causation   My least favorite phrase.  It's something dumb people say to sound smart.  All artificial intelligence models, all economic models and even climate models assume correlation implies causation.  It's even how the human mind operates.  You see a snake.  It bites you.  You will correlate snakes with painful bites.  That's how we learn.
Exactly. Paying someone (or more accurately, many someones) to flag material to be taken down with the DMCA is FAR less expensive than lobbying for draconian Internet laws. AND it would create jobs. But that's not how the big dogs play.
"Well that's a cynical way of looking at it. :( I am glad to say that, anecdotally, I know plenty of women who stick with their workout routine even when they realize their initial ""I want to look like Gwyneth Paltrow"" reason for starting was unrealistic."
People ... are nearly twice as likely to ... feel confident Great, confidence is amazing. That and $5 will buy you a cup of coffee. 44% [who hired a pro] have $100K or more [vs.] 9% of DIYers There's no way to examine these numbers without a link to the source, but it stands to reason that if you have a plan that you're sticking to you'll save more money than if you are just investing haphazardly. It's too bad that we can't see what the returns are for those using a pro vs. DIYers. That would be much more valuable than an arbitrary dollar level. Unfortunately $100K isn't really that much money if you live in the US, so it's an irrelevant talking point. The real question is whether investment knowledge is readily available to the masses or if having a person who specializes in finance is required to make good decisions about investment. I think the fact that the conventional wisdom prefers index funds to actively managed funds demonstrates that investment professionals are less useful than they might have been even a decade or two ago. If money should be spent on professional advice, it's probably better spent on CPAs or other tax professionals who can help optimize your investments for tax efficiency, though even that is now available as more common knowledge.
What I want to know is;  How much does all this 'competition', advertising, marketing, etc etc actually increase how much people give as a total yearly sum of their earning?  If 40 cents on the dollar is spend advertising and 'collecting' more money. Sure it works on the scale of a single successful charity. What is the cost to charities as a whole though?  If someone gives away 2,000 a year to charity, and 19 charities all spend $100 chasing that $2000 dollars, they on average can prove they are 'making money' by spending to get that $100 'more'. But in reality, now instead of being able to give $2000 to the needy the person was actually only able to give $100.  That is my fear when we start having charities operate as big business.
PS Group helps you to properly utilize your space and will thereby help you to get the best designed office at a very good rate. The interior designing services of a particular company is most of the times, based on the profile and the individual needs of the organization. Contact at: +91 11 43103444.
Google Maps and Craig’s List are easy wins and free.  I would offer free inspections and estimates.    What about getting into one of those new mover mailings.  That is when most people will be updating their fixtures.
"&gt;it certainly wasn't a priority for the government to oversee account-opening operations at the branch level  &gt;**Consumer Finance** protection bureau  What the hell are they supposed to be doing then? There are already multiple organizations for the institutional level this group was created specifically for consumer level products and they missed one of the most blatant and widespread abuses in recent history.  Dodd Frank is like if my kid crashed my car, so I broke his arm to make sure it never happened again. Making sure he can never crash cause he can't even get behind the wheel, but failing to consider the greater consequences. &gt;particularly among those of us who chose to leave big banks for smaller banks, who now have carte blanche to gamble in order to ""compete"" with the big guys. Looks to me like a strategy to discredit smaller banks in the end.  Please explain this one to me because I don't understand what you mean at all. You know most of the bulge bracket banks are *against* this rule while many community banks have expressed support? And what are you talking about freedom to ""compete"" against the big guys? What are you even talking about and how is that freedom threatened?  Since you brought up Republicans it seems to me like you are a liberal who hears 'Republican repeals regulation' and immediately think you have to be against it. There are a number of reasons this bill should receive bipartisan support:  * The guy who sponsored this bill was staunchly against the bail outs of '08 and wanted the banks to just fail.  * The compliance costs under Dodd are massive and smaller banks can't afford to pay them, and they shouldn't have to because if they fail to meet compliance they will just go bankrupt and won't bring the economy down with them.   * More overhead for compliance = lower deposit rates for clients = can't compete with bulge brackets. On a side note this is a general rule anyways and why I think its stupid to be using a community bank. Ever.   * It removes the orderly liquidation authority and leaves big banks to die instead of getting bailed out.  Other than the stigma of voting for GOP backed repealing of regulation the only real counter argument seems to be Elizabeth Warren, trickle down, Wall Street, 1%."
Closed accounts are used when calculating Average Age of Accounts (AAoA) by FICO. They will drop off your report 7 years after their closure, at which time your AAoA will decrease and most likely lower your credit score. Keeping your oldest card with an annual fee (AF) is a tough question. Since the exact calculations are a secret, it's hard to quantify the value of that card. Keep in mind that if you do decide to close it now (or right before the next AF) it will continue to count for the next 7 years. What you can do is the following: Assume you won't be applying for any new cards in the next 7 years. Look at all your current accounts and calculate the AAoA of all of them that would still be on your report 7 years from now. Calculate it with and without your oldest card. The difference will show you the effect closing the card today will have. There is a potential way to raise your AAoA depending on if you have an AMEX card. AMEX reports all accounts as being open from your original 'member since' date. If your oldest AMEX (ever, not necessarily still open) is older than your AAoA, opening a new AMEX will actually raise your average.  age of accounts is 15% of your score. note that some websites that calculate your AAoA for you (like creditkarma) don't count closed accounts, but since FICO does the age those websites generate should be ignored.
Using the default values for age and retirement and only making the changes you specified in the question. assumed ROR: 6%, current tax rate: 25%, retirement tax rate: 15%,   married, have an employer retirement plan. The results from the two calculators are: Traditional IRA: 631,341 IRA before taxes 536,640 IRA after taxes. Roth IRA: 631,341 Roth IRA 450,207 Taxable Savings where: Total taxable savings       The total amount you would have accumulated by retirement in a taxable savings account. your question: The (Traditional) IRA After Taxes value is 6.3% higher than the (Roth)   Taxable Savings amount. (Both had an equal gross amount.) Does that mean I should put my money in a tIRA instead of a Roth? My percentages don't match your percentages because you didn't specify the numbers you used. In any case the 450K number shows you what you would have if the money was not invested in an IRA or 401K. To decide between a Roth and a traditional IRA ignore the taxable savings number, that only shows what  happens if you decide not not use a retirement account.
You go public to raise money, to invest in the business and/or pay off the existing shareholders. It's really as simple as that. The advantage of being public is that your shares can easily be bought and sold, and so you can issue and sell new ones and your existing shareholders can sell out if they want to. The disadvantage is that you are much more tightly regulated, with more disclosure requirements, and also that you are exposed to much more pressure from your shareholders to maintain and increase your share price.
No free lunch You cannot receive risk-free interest on more money than you actually put down. The construct you are proposing is called 'Carry Trade', and will yield you the interest-difference in exchange for assuming currency risk. Negative expectation In the long run one would expect the higher-yielding currency to devalue faster, at a rate that exactly negates the difference in interest. Net profit is therefore zero in the long run. Now factor in the premium that a (forex) broker charges, and now you may expect losses the size of which depends on the leverage chosen. If there was any way that this could reliably produce a profit even without friction (i.e. roll-over, transaction costs, spread), quants would have already arbitraged it away. Intransparancy Additionaly, in my experience true long-term roll-over costs in relation to interest are a lot harder to compute than, for example, the cost of a stock transaction. This makes the whole deal very intransparant. As to the idea of artificially constructing a USD/USD pair: I regret to tell you that such a construct is not possible. For further info, see this question on Carry Trade: Why does Currency Carry Trade work?
I don't think you can really classify it as front running. Technically, the only information, that the alleged front runner in this case has over the followers is the knowledge of the trade itself. Knowledge of the trade may indeed be share price sensitive information (for some high volume traders or those respected and with many followers) but it's not really like they can't know about it before everyone else; parity isn't possible in this case. If an company/organisation (i.e. the social trading platform say) responsible for disseminating the details/log of a trader to a following (or individuals working for said company/organisation), were to act on the trading data before dissemination then THEY would be guilty of front running. The alleged front runner may profit from the following of course, but that's only really occurring due to the publication of information that is share price sensitive, and such information generally has to be published by law (if it is by law so classified) so it's difficult to find too much fault. There has to be a certain amount of consideration on the part of any trader as to who is more the fool, the fool or the fool that follows them?
Firstly if you've formed a limited company you don't need to register as self-employed.  You're an employee and shareholder of the company and your taxes will be handled that way. Registering as self-employed is only necessary if you're operating as a sole trader (i.e. without a company). Secondly you absolutely do want to get set-up correctly with HMRC as soon as possible, whether you're a company or a sole trader.  Ignoring the legal question your worry about paying taxes when you have no income is groundless - if you're not making any money there won't be any tax to pay.  Furthermore it seems likely that the business is currently losing money.  Those losses, if correctly recorded, can be carried forward and offset against future profits so not only do you not have to pay tax now, but you can reduce the tax you pay later when the money does start rolling in.
Mostly to play devil's advocate, I will recommend something different than everybody else. If you can pay off the entire $3,000 balance and are torn between saving that money somewhere that will earn a return and paying it off now to be debt-free, why not a little of both? What if you pay half now and then save the other half and make a big payment at the end. Essentially that becomes two $1,500 payments: one now, one right before the 0% due date. To me, the half up-front significantly reduces the risk, but leaves some cash available to grow.
Even if you could get it with no major hassle, $100,000 is just not that much money.  In a cheap third world country, as an expat you're looking at spending about $800-$2000/month, plus unexpected expenses. Locals live on less, but very few of us would be happy with the lifestyle of a Honduran or Thai farmer. Your 100k will last 4-10 years. This is hardly a great deal considering you're cutting off ties back home and almost becoming a fugitive. With USD going down the drain (e.g. in Thailand it went down 25% in 3 years), this period would probably be even shorter.  Of course, you could work in the new country, but if you do then you don't need 100k to start with. The initial amount may improve your security, but from that standpoint being able to go back and work in your home country is worth more.
The easiest way is almost definitely through a Canadian bank.  They can get your American credit history through Equifax.  American Express in Canada will have no problem giving you one if you have an American Express in the US, as well.  It would be easier if you went through TD Canada Trust since there's TD Bank NA in the States, or BMO since they own Harris Bank in the States.  Oh, and doesn't Bank of America have Canadian branches? I'm in the process of doing the reverse (getting US card when I'm from Canada).  I use XE Trade to transfer money -- the rates are great and it takes only 2 days for a transfer to go through if you use wire transfers ($25 charge) or online bill payment through the bank (free).
"You'd want the money to be ""liquid"" and ready for you to use when tax time comes around. You also don't want to lose ""principal"", i.e. if you put it into stocks and have the value of what you put in be less than what you invested—which is possible—when you need the money, again, at tax time. That doesn't leave you with many good choices or an amazingly good way to profit from investing your savings that you put aside for taxes.  CDs are steady but will not give you much interest and they have a definite deposit timeframe 6 months, 1 yr, 2 yrs and you can't touch it. So, the only reasonable choice you have left is an interest bearing checking or savings account with up to 1% interest (APR)—as of this writing Ally Bank offers 1% interest in an online interest savings acct.—which will give you some extra money on your deposits. This is what I do."
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://insight.kellogg.northwestern.edu/article/how-to-revamp-the-visa-program-for-highly-skilled-workers) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; In Daniel Aobdia&amp;#039;s view, the program should be revamped to better serve the most qualified foreign employees-especially those who possess special, hard-to-replicate skills-and the companies who want to hire them.  &gt; The H-1B visa program, first introduced in 1990, was meant to allow U.S. companies to hire foreign workers with desirable skills, to fill the gaps in the labor market and help boost the economy.  &gt; Whatever reforms the government makes to its H-1B visa program-an auction feature, a points-based system, or some combination of the two-Aobdia says the goal should be to create a situation in which American companies feel encouraged to hire the best and brightest, no matter what their country of origin may be.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/6jhs7u/companies_want_to_hire_the_best_employees_can/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~152513 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **company**^#1 **visa**^#2 **work**^#3 **Aobdia**^#4 **system**^#5"
You should contact the Company who purchased your visa balance and ask/write the following questions:  1. Dispute the charge from Emusic.com as invalid. 2. Instruct that no future charges will be accepted.  3. How come Emusic.com was allowed to debit your account? 4.  When did they purchased your visa account? 5.  Ask for written verification that they purchased your account from the original company? such as a bill of sale? 6.  Ask if the company is a registered debt collector in your state? 7. The FAIR DEBT COLLECTION PRACTICES ACT (FDCPA) may apply to your circumstance(s) and provide for $1,000 in damages to the consumer and $1,000 attorney fees from a third party debt collector per violation. You may want to seek the advice of an attorney  to help determine if you have a good cause to sue the company and Emusic. If you did not receive anything form Emusic.com or your contract/agreement ended without a cancelation/early termination fee,  ALso, file a written dispute with Emusic.com.  Check your credit report.   Many companies automatically charge your accounts through automatic payments after termination of the agreement because they get away with it in the U.S., if the consumer does not take steps to dispute the current charge and stop future charges from occurring in the future. Never use auto pay unless required and the service is essential.  When using auto pay use a dedicated account not your main checking account. It is less of a pain in the neck to close the account if its your 2nd or 3rd checking account and not your only account.
Fortunately, I enjoy veggie burgers a lot more than real burgers. Black bean burgers especially. Occasionally I'll go have a real meat burger once a month maybe when I go to five guys but that's about it.  If you haven't tried veggie burgers, I highly recommend it. If you like it, it will benefit you health wise. If you don't like it, try a different kind of veggie patty.
Wonder if it's because growth is slowing and Bezos realized he needs to do a deal to keep the stock price going.  Not a terrible idea in the short-term perhaps. Lower prices on premium foods to juice growth. Analysts are happy, investors are happy.
"The thing is, most people *don't care*.    They think - for some reason - that Amazon is their ""friend"".    I hear lots of stories about how ""Amazon's customer service is so awesome!""  Well, yeah, because they don't really care all that much about making a buck - and so far look how well it's worked out.  Bezos is worth insane billions.  They're not doing it to make profits, they're doing what they're doing because little Jeffey wants more $$ in his pocket."
What somebody is paid is directly tied to the worth they generate for their employer.  Management consultants, investment bankers, etc actually generate significant value for their employer.  The supply of people that can do these types of jobs is fairly small.  Supply and demand sets salaries.  The largely government-sector jobs that Reich mentions require the theft of wealth from the private economy in order to staff.  Jobs that have true value to society, such as teachers, hospital staff, etc, can and do find private funding without government coercion.  The best teachers make hundreds of thousands, if not millions of dollars, in private educational institutions.
In my experience dealing with credit cards and store cards, you may find that the store card is much more flexible than the credit card in terms of the enforcement of the card agreement.  For instance, I've missed payments on credit cards and only been 1 day late and saw a rate increase, but on a store card when the same thing happened, it was like they didn't even notice.  Granted, this was a 100% store card with no VISA/MC logo on it, and it was through their bank. This may not be true of all store cards and your experience may differ, but I felt like the store card was more of a tool for acquiring the merchandise and helping the store make a sale than it was for some big bank to make money off of my interest. With credit cards, you are the product, and the bank makes money purely from interest. The store, on the other hand, makes money from selling the product, and credit helps increase sales. My suggestion is to avoid credit altogether as all debt is risk, but if you must use credit, you may have a better experience with the store card. Of course, don't forget to consider the interest rates, payment plan, and other fees that may apply as they may affect your decision in terms of which to go with.
Some have suggested you can put the money in the 401k then take a loan to pay off the student loan debt.  Some things to consider before doing that: Check your 401k plan first.  Some plans allow you to continue paying on a loan if you leave the company, some do not.  If you have to change jobs before you pay back the 401k loan, you may only have 90 days to completely pay the loan or the IRS will treat this as an early withdrawal, which means taxes and penalties.  If you don't have another job lined up, this is going to make things much worse since you will have lost your income and may owe even more to the government (depending on your state, it may be up to 50% of the remaining amount).  There are ways to work with some student debt loans to defer or adjust payments.  There is no such option with a 401k plan. This may change your taxes at the end of the year.  Most people can deduct student loan interest payments.  You cannot deduct interest paid to your 401k loan.  You are paying the interest to yourself though.   It may hurt your long term growth potential.  Currently loans on 401k loans are in the 4% range.  If you are able to make more than 4% inside of your 401k, you will be losing out on that growth since that money will only be earning the interest you pay back. It may limit flexibility for a few years.  When people fall on hard times, their 401k is their last resort.  Some plans have a limit on the number of loans you can have at one time.  You may need a loan or a withdrawal in the future.  Once you take the money out for a loan, you can't access it again.  See the first bullet about working with student loan vendors, they typically have ways to work with you under hard circumstances.  401k loans don't. Amortization schedule.  Many 401k loans can only be amortized for a max of 5 years, if you currently have 10 year loans, can you afford to pay the same debt back in 1/2 the time at a lower rate?  You will have to do the math. When considering debt other than student loans (such as credit cards), if you fall on hard times, you can always negotiate to reduce the amount you owe, or the debt can be discharged (with tax penalties of course).  They can't make you take money out.  Once it is out, it is fair game. Just to clarify, the above isn't saying you shouldn't do it under any circumstances, it is a few things you need to evaluate before making that choice.  The 401k is supposed to be used to help secure your financial future when you can't work.  The numbers may work out in the short term, but do they still work out in the long term?  Most credit cards require minimum payments high enough to pay back in 7-10 years, so does shortening that to 5 (or less) make up for the (probably early) years of compounding interest for your retirement?  I think others have addressed some of this so I won't do the math. I can tell you that I have a 401k loan, and when things got iffy at my job for, it was a very bad feeling to have that over my head because, unlike other debts, there isn't much you can do about it.
Given the listed expenses, this problem will not have a nice solutions. So lets quickly go through them and see when the most pressing ones can be dealt with: Solved within 1 year: 900 Solved within a few years: 1300: 900+400 You may be able to save a couple of hundred on the rest, but just take a minute to look at the above. Within 1 year she will be able to 'break even' and within a few years she will be able to live fairly comfortably.  She will eat through her funds in about 10 months, which should coincide with the end of the tuition costs. If you could just sponsor her a little bit, or just be there for her in case of unexpected expenses, she should make it till the end of the year after which things are looking up and she will have a healthy surplus each month.  Soon you and your sister can probably help her build up a nice buffer quickly, after which her worries should be over.
Ganhe uma renda extra sem sair de casa Descubra os Segredos para que seu Computador se Torne uma Maquina de Ganhar Dinheiro na Internet, Trabalhe na Internet em sua casa nas horas livres com seu Computador e tenha uma renda superior a R$ 5.000,00 por Mês.
I am going to. Like I said I have not traded options much in general, but I can see a lot of potential in derivatives in general, and it makes me kind of grin. In the case of commodities, the advantages are really apparent. The only problem I see with stock options is that they expire, and thus if you are more long term bull on a stock, it would be harder. But for things like commodities, that are shorter term any ways and require margin, it makes a lot of sense IMO. I could see how you could gain a larger diversification through options (being able to bet on Russell 2000, S&amp;P, etc. ) or esoteric markets (electricity).   I will look up that book that you mentioned. Thanks man.
The strategy looks good on paper but in reality, the 150 call will have some time value particularly if it has got some time to mature. Let us say this time value is 0.50 , so the call costs 3.50.   If the stock stays above 150 (actually above 149.50) , by the expiration of the call, you will lose this 0.50 . Then you need to keep buying calls over and over and hope one day a big down move will more than make up for all this lost premium. It is possible, but not entirely predictable. You may get lucky, but it may take many months to produce a significant move to make up for all the lost premium. If a big down move were to happen and the market had any indication of that in advance, that would be priced into the call already, so the 150 call may cost 4$ or 4.50$ if the market had wind of a big move. (a.k.a high implied volatility)
FYI, it's not my article. But to respond....   &gt; What if it contributed to a planet that did not get destroyed, thereby maintaining a better business climate (pun intended) for the future?* FTFY   The point being made is that it isn't the purpose of a business to contribute to a planet not getting destroyed. That is the purpose of a scientist/non-profit/governmental organization. The point being made is that a business is losing its true focus and thus undermining its purpose if it tries to do anything other than maximize profits. I'm NOT saying I agree with that, but that's my take on what they're saying.
As other uses have pointed out, your example is unusual in that is does not include any time value or volatility value in the quoted premiums, the premiums you quote are only intrinsic values.  For well in-the-money options, the intrinsic value will certainly be the vast majority of the premium, but not the sole component. Having said that, the answer would clearly be that the buyer should buy the $40 call at a premium of $10.  The reason is that the buyer will pay less for the option and therefore risk less money, or buy more options for the same amount of money.  Since the buyer is assuming that the price will rise, the return that will be realised will be the same in gross terms, but higher in relative terms for the buyer of the $40 call.   For example, if the underlying price goes to $60, then the buyer of the $40 call would (potentially) double their money when the premium goes from $10 to $20, while the buyer of the $30 call would realise a (potential) 50% profit when the premium goes from $20 to $30. Considering the situation beyond your scenario, things are more difficult if the bet goes wrong.  If the underlying prices expires at under $40, then the buyer of the $40 call will be better off in gross terms but may be worse off in relative terms (if it expires above $30).  If the underlying price expires between $40 and $50, then the buy of the $30 will be better off in relative term, having lost a smaller percentage of their money.
If enough businesses behave like Bigot Bobby, then even though everyone is acting without coercion, the natural rights of the Jews who must live as second class citizens have certainly been lost.   The fact that private clubs are exempted from these rules makes perfect sense--these are not businesses normally open to the public. It's apples and oranges. And comparing an actual church to a church-run business like a hospital (the type of business affected by the Obama legislation you allude to) is also inappropriate for the same reason.  It would certainly be nice to live in a world where everyone was free from coercion of any kind. But unless we abridge the rights of those with wealth and power to oppress others through economic means, the result will always be a large group of impoverished citizens that lack realistic opportunities for improvement. Being FORCED to live life as a second class citizen is FAR WORSE than being forced to do business with people you prefer to shun. Force of circumstance can limit your personal freedom every bit as much as force of law.  If you have any ideas about how to ensure all citizens have a realistic opportunity for success without any government intervention in the economy I'm all ears. In my ten years as a Libertarian I never found a realistic answer to this question and that is why I had to move from ideology to pragmatism. Libertarianism sounds excellent in theory, but in practice it would only make things worse for everyone but the very rich.
&gt; fucked over all local coffee shops  Planning permissions aside, I would think the consumers of Brighton did that, not Starbucks. Or did they offer free coffee until all the other coffee shops went bust?  But what do I know, I prefer McDonalds coffee to Starbucks.
the difference would be taxes...  Lets say you have two lots, one with a 10 dollar gain, and one with a 20 dollar gain.  And lets say you decide to sell one lot this year, and the other lot in 10 years.  AND, lets say that it turns out the stock price is exactly the same in ten years as it is when you sell the first lot. In all likelyhood, you'll have more income, and therefore you are likely to be in a different marginal tax rate.  If you believe that you're more likely to pay more taxes in 10 years, then sell the lot with the higher gain now.  If you believe you're more likely to pay more taxes now, then sell the lot with the lower gain now.
People don't seem to understand that requiring every consumer product to be easily dismantled and then reassembled will stifle innovation.  If there is a demand for  device like that, the free market will address it.  Otherwise you're just making everyone deal will a hobbled item so that *some* who want to fiddle with it can do so.
First, this was never an arrangement for you to build equity, this was an arrangement for them to speculate on another house under the guise of teaching you a life lesson like responsibility or something contrived. The only way you profit from this is if the value of the house goes up and you sell it. You get 25% of the proceeds, maybe. If this was an equitable arrangement then they would be paying 75% of the property taxes and a little more for your maintenance efforts.
I'll repost a [comment I posted the other day](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskUK/comments/6pmtzr/askuk_weekly_what_makes_0_sense_to_you/dkv8qg6/?context=2) regarding Snapchat, as it fits just as well here....  &gt; &gt; Ah, snapchat before it got monetised.  &gt; I don't even think it's that.  &gt; Tech companies that become popular tend to go on hiring sprees and all those new developers feel compelled to justify their existence within the company. As such they start churning out additional 'features' that nobody asked for and which only serve to complicate their service and turn their product into the very thing people were trying to get away from when they started using the service in the first place.  &gt; ...then the 'next big thing' comes along and the cycle repeats.
China also doesn't have political parties with polar-opposite ideas about the economy and who constantly try to undo each other's work every time an election comes around.  If the American political system didn't waste so much time with internal squabbling the country would be better off by miles.
"&gt;education that allows someone to build, create and maintain  That's what trade schools are for.   &gt;Having an educated populace that does nothing  There is no educated populace that does ""nothing"" at this point in time.   In any case, an educated populace is crucial to avoid things like our current political climate, where people fall for propaganda and think satire websites are true news."
I agree.  This is far worse than Wells Fargo and Tylenol.        Their core business is data.  That is all they offer.  Data must be secure and accurate.   They failed on the secure part.  The hackers may as well start offering credit scores to vendors for free, they have the data.       Why would any customer (we aren't customers, credit providers are), use Equifax moving forwards?  There are 2 perfectly acceptable replacements.       Only way Equifax survives is rebranding.   Senior management at banks across the country are having meetings with their legal departments to discuss liability concerns of continuing to use Equifax.  What if there is another breach, could the bank be sued for leaking consumer data, after they knew Equifax hires Musicians to manage data security?
Look, honestly, I don't care how much they make. Its a tough job and they're working a lot of hours. I'm glad they make this much money, that means they're having a good life. The fact that they are earning this money does not invalidate the fact that a lot of teachers and military personnel do not live as well. That is the problem. We don't have to take from these guys to give to another. We need to take from the people that are hoarding the wealth in this country.  This is obviously a story, I don't want to say planted, but most certainly encouraged by special interest to once again stir up anti-union outrage and make us 99%s fight amongst ourselves over the few crumbs that the 1% let drop down to us.  The problems in this country are not because a few transit cops figured out a way to gets some extra money, it's because we allow 400 people to have all the money when everyone else gets none.
What you're referring to is Visa Easy Payment Services (VEPS). Other payment processors have similar programs. Basically, certain merchants (based on merchant category code - or MCC), are not required to obtain a signature under $50. This limit was raised to $50 from $25 last year. Here is the press release from Visa describing the increase, and the program in general.
"In addition to the advice of @karancan, If you wish to stay strictly with GICs, there are better ways to find good GIC rates, than looking at advertising from institutions you are already dealing with. This site, http://www.globeinvestor.com/servlet/Page/document/v5/data/rates?order=d&pageType=gic_long&sort=IR1&page=1&tax_indicator=N (among others) display impartial GIC rates for many institutions and terms of investment, in sortable form. Many of these institutions allow on-line purchases and transfers, requiring only a ""regular"" bank account as a source/destination for on-line transfers..."
After a 6% commission to sell, you have $80K in equity. 20% down on a $400K house.  5% down will likely cost you PMI, and I don't know that you'll ever see a 3.14% rate.  The realtor may very well have knowledge of the cost to finish a basement, but I don't ask my doctor for tax advice, and I'd not ask a realtor for construction advice. My basement flooring was $20/sqft for a gym quality rubber tile. You can also get $2/sqft carpet. I'd take the $15K number with a grain of salt until I got real bids. What's there now? Poured cement? Is there clearance to put in a proper subfloor and still have adequate ceiling height? There are a lot of details that you need to research to do it right.  That said, the move to a bigger house impacts your ability to save to the extent that you are taking too large a risk. The basement finish, even if $20K, is just a bit more than the commission on your home. I like the idea of sticking it out. Once the nanny is gone, enjoy the extra income, and use the money to boost your savings and emergency funds.  As I read your question again, I suggest you cut the college funding in favor of the emergency fund. What good is a funded college account if you have no funds to sustain you through a period of unemployment?  There's a lot to be gained in holding tight for these 3 years. It seems that what's too small for 5 would be spacious once the nanny is gone and the basement added. The cost of a too-big house is enormous over the long run. It's going to rise in value with inflation, but no more, and has all the added costs that you've mentioned. On a personal note, I'm in a large house, with a dining room that's used 2 or 3 times a year, and a living room (different from family room) that is my dog's refuge, but we never go in there. In hindsight, a house 2/3 the size would have been ideal.   Finishing the basement doesn't just buy you time, it eliminates the need for the larger house.
Well, I believe some would argue that the governing structures are somewhat different, as a king is basically the top of an aristocracy, and a representative government is supposedly invested by a popular mandate to act as stewards of the people.  It's a polite fiction governments maintain, these days.
A great way to learn is by watching then doing. I run a very successful technical analysis blog, and the first thing I like to tell my readers is to find a trader online who you can connect with, then watch them trade. I particularly like Adam Hewison, Marketclub.com - This is a great website, and they offer a great deal of eduction for free, in video format. They also offer further video based education through their ino.tv partner which is paid. Here is a link that has their free daily technical analysis based stock market update in video format. Marketclub Daily Stock Market Update Corey Rosenblum, blog.afraidtotrade.com - Corey is a Chartered Market Technician, and runs a fantastic technical analysis blog the focuses on market internals and short term trades. John Lansing, Trending123.com - John is highly successful trader who uses a reliable set of indicators and patterns, and has the most amazing knack for knowing which direction the markets are headed. Many of his members are large account day traders, and you can learn tons from them as well. They have a live daily chat room that is VERY busy. The other option is to get a mentor. Just about any successful trader will be willing to teach someone who is really interested, motivated, and has the time to learn. The next thing to do once you have chosen a route of education is to start virtual trading. There are many platforms available for this, just do some research on Google. You need to develop a trading plan and methodology for dealing with the emotions of trading. While there is no replacement for making real trades, getting some up front practice can help reduce your mistakes, teach you a better traders mindset, and help you with the discipline necessary to be a successful trader.
"I experimented with Lending Club, lending a small amount of money in early 2008. (Nice timing right - the recession was December 2007 to June 2009.) I have a few loans still outstanding, but most have prepaid or defaulted by now. I did not reinvest as payments came in. Based on my experience, one ""catch"" is lack of liquidity. It's like buying individual bonds rather than a mutual fund. Your money is NOT just tied up for the 3-year loan term, because to get good returns you have to keep reinvesting as people pay off their loans. So you always have some just-reinvested money with the full 3 year term left, and that's how long it would take to get all your money back out. You can't just cash out when you feel like it. They have a trading platform (which I did not try out) if you want your money sooner, but I would guess the spreads are wide and you have to take a hit when you sell loans. Again though I did not try the trading platform. On the upside, the yields did seem fine. I got 19 eventual defaults from 81 loans, but many of the borrowers made a number of payments before defaulting so only part of the money was lost. The lower credit ratings default more often obviously, only one of 19 defaults had the top credit score. (I tried investing across a range of credit ratings.) The interest rates appear to cover the risk of default, at least on average. You can of course have varying luck.  I made only a slight profit over the 3 years, but I did not reinvest after the first couple months, and it was during a recession. So the claimed yields look plausible to me if you reinvest. They do get people's credit scores, report nonpayment on people's credit reports, and even send people to collections. Seems like borrowers have a reason to pay the bill. In 2008 I think this was a difference compared to the other peer lending sites, but I don't know if that's still true. Anyway, for what it's worth the site seemed to work fine and ""as advertised"" for me. I probably will not invest more money there for a couple reasons: However as best I could tell from my experiment, it is a perfectly reasonable place to put a portion of your portfolio you might otherwise invest in something like high-yield bonds or some other sub-investment-grade fixed income. Update: here's a useful NY Times article: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/05/your-money/05money.html"
In the absence of a country designation where the mutual fund is registered, the question cannot be fully answered.  For US mutual funds, the N.A.V per share is calculated each day after the close of the stock exchanges and all purchase and redemption requests received that day are transacted at this share price. So, the price of the mutual fund shares for April 2016 is not enough information: you need to specify the date more accurately. Your calculation of what you get from the mutual fund is incorrect because in the US, declared mutual fund dividends are net of the expense ratio. If the declared dividend is US$ 0.0451 per share, you get a cash payout of US$ 0.0451 for each share that you own: the expense ratio has already been subtracted before the declared dividend is calculated.  The N.A.V. price of the mutual fund also falls by the amount of the per-share dividend (assuming that the price of all the fund assets (e.g. shares of stocks, bonds etc) does not change that day). Thus. if you have opted to re-invest your dividend in the same fund, your holding has the same value as before, but you own more shares of the mutual fund (which have a lower price per share). For exchange-traded funds, the rules are slightly different. In other jurisdictions, the rules might be different too.
Dude, don’t worry what people are saying. Get the books, statements, or a lawyer. You have every right to the books as the other owners do.  As the saying goes, if they have nothing to hide why are they afraid of you looking at the books.  You can also demand a 3rd party audit,  trying to come up with a business solutions with out knowing the finances what fixes you can afford, etc etc.  come on man, MBA teach you it’s all about the money, and the stats.  If you don’t know the money knowing the stats don’t help much ;)
"This is a very shitty thing that happens.   BUt I wonder how much would it cost to farm these animals? What if these farmed animals ivory and leather/scales are price competitive when being farmed? Later on have a certifiable way to show they are from ""responsible"" sourcing.   That wouldn't threaten extinction (quite the opposite).   This would be a great exercise to check the viability."
"US Sanctions are usually very nuanced and you should look them up yourself.  It may be widely reported that ""US sanctions X-country"" and it may be widely understood that it means all funds from anybody in that country are blocked, that USUALLY isn't the case (or ""many times"" isn't the case, I'm not going to bother quantifying that) Many times it is a comprehensive list of certain individuals and businesses that are blocked. The US Treasury publishes a list of these organizations. This misinterpretation can trickle down to companies. You would think big financial companies understand regulations, but they typically just react to how things are reported and have no uniform understanding of the financial regulations they are subject to. Private companies create unique and arbitrary company policies in reaction to the spirit of a regulation. So could it be that all Iranians cannot interact with the US financial system? Sure, thats possible. Could it be a lot more nuanced? Sure. Does it matter if the broker will actually investigate your SSN with USCIS? Maybe, maybe not. Does it matter if you disclose you are a dual citizen if they claim they can just check your SSN?  The financial institution is the one liable for misinterpreting sanctions. Let the consequences guide your actions."
I am concerned that you are asking for help with questions regarding NPV. Sure you can regurgitate answers you found online for some of these questions, but if you legitimately don't understand such a basic financial concept like NPV while interviewing for a job in the financial sector, you're probably out of your league.
An hour isn't a long time to get your point across. It'll go by in the blink of an eye for you, and for them, especially if it's done well. So you just need to connect. Hit hard, get the points from your slide show in, and then delve in. Don't read from the slide show at the later part of your presentation, but instead go into detail from within. But for the beginning it's ok to kind of go through the points.    I don't know if this will make sense, as it's 4:18 here and I'm one eye open. Hopefully you can get something from it. Knock em dead!
"&gt;I'm glad we could have a reasonable discussion without descending into insults and intransigence ಠ_ಠ  ""Descending""?  You started out intransigent and insulting, so nothing really changed, did it?  &gt;I don't know what ""problem got a LOT worse"" during Prohibition.   Add it to the stack of a lot of other things you are rather obviously ignorant of then.  &gt;Use went down while quality and violence worsened. It was a net social negative, but it did what its proponents intended.  Wow. The ignorance there is just... palpable.  &gt;Here's one way of understanding the ""developed"" world: there aren't large areas which are completely lawless.  Yeah, so you DID go there, didn't you.   Sorry, junior... no matter what BS you come up with, Mexico IS part of the ""developed"" world.  &gt;I guess I'm just one of those sheeple who is concerned about hard drug abuse, and I don't equate them alcohol or even marijuana.  You're just a drone like all the rest of the drones... you unthinkingly accept &amp; regurgitate whatever the current ""politically correct"" memes are."
"Buffet could easily take the lead here by starting a company solely dedicated to paying off people's mortgages using his own money. Oh wait he wants government to take away money from his rivals and potential upstarts because he isn't going to put into action anything he is talking about for himself.   P.S. Buffet could also very easliy dismantle the shield he is using to shelter the vast bulk of his wealthy in the form of the ""non-profit"" he and Bill Gates created and simply write debt riddle state governments (of there own doing and design) like Illinois massive checks but again that would require effort and putting HIS money where his mouth is in the long run."
The laws as written at the time required a pretty high burden of proof to show fraud.  There were a lot of words like having to show intent or foreknowledge of the risks for it to be illegal. Those are always tough cases to win, and the regulators themselves were reluctant to ride the banks too hard because that just reinforces the regulators own incompetence.
Buy products that can be stored for a long time or require thorough thermal processing. For example, you can buy frozen chicken meat in two pounds packs - it can be stored in a freezer for half a year, then you roast it and after it cools down you can put it into a fridge and it will last for up to ten days. Just about anything that you've roasted or boiled for several dozens minutes can be stored in a fridge for at least five days - its taste will get slightly worse over time, but it still preserves nutrition value and is safe to eat.
This can be a case of someone trying to use your identity to obtain credit.  I would put a fraud alert on my credit immediately.  I went through something similar... got denial letters for credit I didn't apply to.  A few months later I get hit with a credit ding from a pay day loan company that apparently allowed the thief to get a loan who obviously didn't pay it back.  I had no contact with this company before they put the lates on my credit and it took over a year to get this cleaned up.  Apparently this loan was obtained about a week after I got the first denial letter so if I put a fraud alert on immediately it would have most likely stopped this fraudulent pay day loan before it happened.
You're correct. If you have no option position at execution then you carry no risk. Your risk is only based on the net number of options you're holding at execution. This is handled by your broker or clearinghouse. Pretend that you wrote 1000 options, (you're short the call) then you bought 1000 of the same option (bought to cover) ... you are now flat and have zero options exposure. Pretend you bought 1000 options (you're long the calls) then you sold 1000 of them (liquidated your long) ... you are now flat and have zero options exposure.
People who drive long distances tend to do more of their driving on larger, well-built roads (freeways / motorways) that are designed for high-speed driving. Although some people find them intimidating, they are much safer in terms of accidents per kilometre driven for several reasons:
They mean the OS, and they have a point. Thanks to Steve Ballmer, Microsoft lost its technical leadership across the board - he could never come up with anything new, only follow everyone else. When a product group *did* come up with something new, he had no clue how to execute on it to make it successful, so it withered and died on the vine.   Now Nadella is so obsessed with the Cloud he's completely neglecting the desktop, so it's just sitting there trying to light its own farts on fire. With everyone moving applications to containers (whether it's the phone, tablet, TV, game console, browser or... virtual assistant) Windows is becoming irrelevant.   If we get to a point where *all* the code you want to interact with is hosted in one of the containers above, why bother running Windows at all? Get a linux or IOS or Chromium notebook or desktop that does nothing but boot up the app container you need.
For whatever it's worth, when I went to the meeting a couple of years ago, the question and answer segment is mostly students asking how to pick a stock or what book they should read.  I'm sure someone else will ask but it would be interesting to hear their take on the Syrian refugee situation in Europe and how it may impact the EU in general.  Or how he/they think the drought in the south western region of the US will impact the national economy, if at all.  Like Keshlam says, if YOU don't care about the answer there's really no point to asking the question. The most important thing you can do is listen to what he and Munger have to say.  The way they think is interesting and they have great rapport with eachother.  It's a great experience and unfortunately I wasn't able to make my schedule work to attend this year.  It's almost comical how many cans of Coke Warren will knock out through the day.   Another fun thing to do is take the shuttle to the airstrip to check out the NetJets.  I wish I had the interest and wherewithal to go when I was 16...
&gt; 1. What exactly happens when I deposit $1000 to the bank? Does it lend to other parties $900 of what I have given them?  Yep.  &gt; Or it turns my whole deposit into their reserve, then borrows $9000 from the central bank, and lends this sum to their customers?  No, the bank can't loan more money than it has in deposits. Note that this does create money because, in this example, the bank loaned someone $900 but it still owes you $1000.  &gt; 2. What happens when I'll make final payment on my loan?  Is this a different example or are we assuming your original $1000 was loaned to you?  Regardless, every time you make a payment on a loan the bank can re-loan that money to someone else.  &gt; Does the bank also pay its base to the central bank (+ base interest rate) and keeps only their interests?  The central bank has not been involved in this transaction so it doesn't receive anything.  &gt; Does the central bank remove from the circulation money it received back?  Yes but I think you're switching topics.  A central bank's transactions are more about managing the money supply and inflation of a [fiat currency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiat_money#Money_creation_and_regulation).  Ideally a central bank trades a bank's paper assets for reserves adding or subtracting to the bank's ability to issue loans.
I dunno, the problem with a great depression taking place today is that we're all interconnected...   Despite the massive debt burdens &amp; imf knocking on doors, things are not as tough as they could be. Most of us will not starve to death and have a roof over our heads.We'll be looked after when sick and can afford basics which were once considered luxuries i.e. TV, internet, microwave etc...  Yet that's the kind of picture you paint when you mention the great depression - walking around barefoot, worrying about where the next meal will come from... it's scaremongering at best and it allows the people with cash to demand higher interest / payback, so it's in their best interests to keep hyping the shit out of doom &amp; gloom news.  It's all getting a bit see-through imo and people are beginning to question whether 'the markets' and 'bondholders' are real people or whether they're some make-believe, unquestionable god.
Anecdotally, we recently bought a house in a really hot labor market. Our agent told us that she has a lot of people who are looking to sell (enough to start working with an agent) but are refusing to list their houses because the prices keep going up. She is begging them to list but they keep waiting, driving up prices even further.
Ah, that's the colloquially known Thomas Crown motive. The issue with that is that money is objectively quantifiable to a point, so one can do a risk/reward analysis for the potential profit vs. the potential dangerous of robbery when money is the motivating factor. Risk appreciation, on the other hand, is more difficult to quantify. It's even more difficult when one considers that there's a direct relationship between pleasure from risk and potential danger.   In short, it would change from person to person, so I can't imagine trying to use inductive reason to form any broad conclusions.
I guess it depends where you are. That would make sense. I'm always stunned by the amount of Latinos eating in Chipotle though (in CA). I know where all the burrito places are (not far) and I'm wondering what's going through their heads paying more for sub-par, rice-filled burritos.   Given the shockingly high Hispanic percentage in Chicago, it's interesting to see you don't see the same trend. My guess is the Chipotles you're frequenting aren't in the more Hispanic parts of town? Most of the parts of LA I'm talking are Hispanic/Armenian and so those are the customers. In an area where you can walk for days and not see a white person in a car (unless you're near a Whole Foods), it makes sense that I'm not seeing them at the local Chipotle.  Rick Bayless isn't just good for gringos, he's good period. Though I don't know Xoco. I thought his main restaurant had a different name. I love that one of his places is now in O'Hare. Lucky lucky! Chicago has the best food in America!
"negotiability is a legal concept that permits free transfer of a security without the requirement of prior consent of the issuer.  that means the issuer must pay the current holder of the security, irrespective of who he is.  negotiability also protects a good faith buyer of the instrument from adverse ownership claims of purported prior holders of the instrument.  it is not related to ""negotiating"" the price or whatnot.  A negotiable security means the current owner does not have to be concerned about acquiring the asset via a bad chain of title b/c he can always assert that he is a ""holder in due course"" defense against such claims, and have absolute security in his ownership right over the asset.  securities and derivatives are different.  securities are transferrable instruments representing a direct claim on the issuer for the value of the security, whether debt or equity ownership.  derivatives are bilateral contracts, which can only be entered into with the consent of both parties, and can only be transferred by such consent.  derivatives represent a claim against the parties of to the derivative that depends on some economic reference which is outside of the financial condition of the two parties to the contract, such as interest rates, FX rates, commodity prices, etc."
"In general, all forms of debt are bad, as they keep you tied to a financial institution and can be an emotional burden for many. In the book Payback (by Margaret Atwood), debt is even described as a sin. However some forms of debt are necessary and some can help create wealth. ""Good"" debt: a mortgage - to purchase a home, which is an asset that usually appreciates in value.  Necessary debt: car loan or lease - only when there is no other mode of transportation to get to work. Really bad debt: unpaid credit cards - for dinners out."
"I will be attending an ""Information Session"" today with a BB firm with reps from back office/middle office divisions. I've never attended one of these before, but have done a fair amount of research on the firms and divisions that will be there. Can anyone give me any insight on how these events usually go? Should I try to introduce myself to a few people from the divisions I'm interested in, and then follow up with them right before/after I submit my application? Or just ask them some general questions or something. Sorry if this seems like a silly question, I've just never attended any event like this for finance before."
They are pretty good. But for better rates, shop around. I'd suggest Ally or Alliant Credit Union.
Unfortunately, my taxes tend to be complicated This. In and of itself, is a greater reason to keep the documents. The other answer offered a good summary, but keep in mind, if the IRS decides you fraudulently withheld claiming income, they can go back 7 years.  I bought a rental property in 1987, and sold it in 2016. In that case, keeping the returns seemed the right thing to do to have the paper trail for basis, else I could claim anything, and hope for the best.  I have all my tax returns since my first tax return, 1980. It's one drawer of a file cabinet. Not too great a burden.
If you want to invest in stocks, bonds and mutual funds I would suggest you take a portion of your inheritance and use it to learn how to invest in this asset class wisely. Take courses on investing and trading (two different things) in paper assets and start trading on a fantasy exchange to test and hone your investment skills before risking any of your money. Personally I don't find bonds to have a meaningful rate of return and I prefer stocks that have a dividend over those that don't. Parking some of your money in an IRA is a good strategy for when you do not see opportunities to purchase cashflow-positive assets right away; this allows you to wait and deploy your capital when the opportunity presents itself and to educate yourself on what a good opportunity looks like.
Hollywood doesn't care about the message that the films produce, they don't care about the social change. All they care about is the money that they will lose if the industry system falls apart. They are worried that what happened/is happening to the RIAA will happen to the MPAA, and that is what they are trying to protect against.   Why would James Cameron go to Fox to distribute his movie, if he could just distribute it himself and keep more of the profits. That's their biggest fear. If they can't control the distribution methods on the internet, then they can't control their inevitable deterioration into obsoleteness.
"Can I write off the $56,000 based on demand letters? Or do I need to   finish suing him to write-off the loss? No and no. You didn't pay taxes on the money (since you didn't file tax returns...), so what are you writing off? If you didn't get the income - you didn't get the income. Nothing to write off. Individuals in the US are usually cash-based, so you don't write off income ""accrued but never received"" since you don't pay taxes on accrued income, only income you've actually received. Should I file the 2012 taxes now? Or wait until the lawsuit finishes? You should have filed by April 2013, more than a year ago. You might have asked for an extension till October 2013, more than half a year ago. Now - you're very very late, and should file your tax return ASAP. If you have some tax due - you're going to get hit with high penalties for underpaying and late filing. If the lawsuit finishes in 2014, does it apply to the 2012 taxes? Probably not, but talk to your lawyer. In any case - it is irrelevant to the question whether to file the tax return or not. If because of the lawsuit results something changes - you file an amended return."
Burger King actually only owns and operates 52 stores in the US total (that are used as testing locations). The rest are all franchises.  I wonder how the franchise payments work out in this situation, there might be very little restructuring needed once BK moves to the great white north.
"In the US, the title company usually collects all money being paid by parties to the sale (including the buyer, seller, and mortgage companies) and then pays out money where its due to the respective parties (the seller, and possibly mortgage companies, housing inspectors, etc.)  If you have equity, meaning that you sold your house for a price greater than what you owed on your mortgage, you'll typically get them money from the title company, but they are really passing through money that they got from the buyer (less whatever fees are going to the title company itself and other third parties involved). One misconception, however, is that if you paid off part of your mortgage over time that you automatically ""have equity.""  That's really only true if you find a buyer willing to pay a price greater than what's left on your mortgage.  When housing prices decline, it's possible that you as the seller may need to bring a check to closing and do not get any money back. (They buyer is presumably bringing a bigger check, but you would need to make up the difference between what the buyer pays and what you still owe on your mortgage.)"
In Phoenix you can get a two bedroom for $600/mo in an okay neighborhood if you know where/when to look, and a bit cheaper if you're willing to go a bit skeezier. Since we are talking minimum wage, you should be hopefully be able to find a job within biking distance (or, if you live in Tempe, take the free bus.) Have one person work mornings and the other work evenings/nights and you don't need daycare. (Other options: have them stay with a nearby family member, trade off watching the kids with other working families, or go for a three bedroom, grab a family member, and have someone work a 20-hr week instead.) Electricity averages to something like $100/mo over the course of the year (my high was about $150, low was around $40 in a two-bedroom.) So ~$700/mo for shelter, maybe $30/mo for a bus pass. That's $730/mo. I'm not saying it would be comfortable, but it can be done.
Yep, I thought this was how it was done in almost engineering disciplines. Extremely detailed spec sheets, but not blueprints. It's obvious why... making blueprints for a manufacturing facility you don't know anything about is difficult, and I'm sure it results in a nightmare of trading plans and revisions back and forth between the engineers at home and at the contractor, as well as duplication of engineering talent (and cost-saving was the reason Boeing was subcontracting in the first place).  NASA didn't provide blueprints when doing the original Apollo mission (arguably the best example of gigantic subcontractor jobs), they provided extremely detailed specs and watched progress like a hawk.  The main problem sounds like the subcontractors were subpar and not properly managed.
Who really creates jobs? A symbiosis of entrepreneurs willing to take risk to introduce something to the market, consumer demand for more or new products, existing businesses expanding their base due to this demand, and yes, even government stimulation and incentive. Plus a hundred other factors I forgot.  It's never as simple as one might want it to be.
Like the old Perrier-San Pelegrino case study?  Market Basket offers a much much better experience then the local Shaws, A&amp;Ps, Stop and Shops and other crap.  I think product differentiation should help them out to gain back customers.  Also, people want to be part of the story, which in this case involves a triumphant return of the CEO.
"Your initial plan (of minimizing your interest rate, and taking advantage of the 401(k) match) makes sense, except I would put the 401(k) money in a very low risk investment (such as a money market fund) while the stock market seems to be in a bear market.  How to decide when the stock market is in a bear market is a separate question. You earn a 100% return immediately on money that receives the company match -- provided that you stay at the company long enough for the company match to ""vest"".  This immediate 100% return far exceeds the 3.25% return by paying down debt. As long as it makes sense to keep your retirement funds in low-risk, low-return investments, it makes more sense to use your remaining free cash flow to pay down debts than to save extra money in retirement funds. After setting aside the 6% of your income that is eligible for the company match, you should be able to rapidly pay down your debts.  This will make it far easier for you to qualify for a mortgage later on.  Also, if you can pay off your debt in a couple years, you will minimize your risk from the proposed variable rate.  First, there will be fewer chances for the rate to go up.  Second, even if the rate does go up, you will not owe the money very long."
If you are not planning on living in your condo for at least 10 years don't do it. For about 5 years your mortgage will be more then rent, after 5 years you start to break even and may start paying less. On the other hand, if you plan to be there for 10 years or more it might be a great savings tool,
The dividend goes to he who owns the stock when it goes ex-div. A buyer (the call buyer who exercises) will not exercise unless the stock plus dividend are in the money. Otherwise they'd be buying the stock at a premium.  I like the scenario your friend doesn't. If I can find a high dividend stock and sell the call for a decent price, I may get a great return on a stock that's gone down 5% over a year's time. If it goes up and called away, that's fine too, it means a profit.
I dont really understand how this would work. In stocks, you are buying a share in a company at a specific price that fluctuates with the value of the company. In bonds, you are lending money for a specific time period with the hopes of getting your money back plus interest. Is actual money going to be lent? Are there going to be different bond products for each company every time they issue new debt? It just doesn't seem practical to me.
What you want is the average change in rate of the Australian Dollar against multiple other currencies, to even out the effect of moves in a single other currency. People often look at the trade-weighted exchange rate to get an idea of this, as it allows you to look at the currencies that are most relevant, rather than every tiny other currency having an equal weight.
&gt; Short of packing up and moving, what is an effective way to network with people from these larger cities?  Alumni groups should be able to help. Join a CFA society as well, there may be some interconnectedness there.   &gt; Is there demand for quants and junior quants, or is there too much supply?  I think there is still enough demand for the time being. This will change, of course, but I think it's still in demand.   &gt; Will I need to get a PhD to be relevant?   I don't *think* so, but I have seen postings requiring a PhD. Browse job postings to determine this. Generally speaking however, it seems like overkill to me.  &gt; Can I transfer my background or skills into another area of finance first to get the networking contacts?  Yes. CFA material shows interest and knowledge, as does the degree. Programming knowledge is in demand in many places now. Have you considered valuation work?
Yes for every order there is a buyer and seller. But overall there are multiple buyers and multiple sellers. So every trade is at a different price and this price is agreed by both buyer and seller. Related question will help you understand this better. How do exchanges match limit orders?
Oh poor me I have to drive a shiny and clean sedan instead of shiny and clean sports car on a trip I'm not even paying for /s.   Don't try and justify an entitlement complex. This guy is pissed that his ass has to be in a nice Kia instead of a nice Mustang on a trip he isn't even paying for, while the majority of the world's population still live agricultural lifestyles from the cradle to the grave.
The Nebraska DMV web site has a neat page about this. It seems to be fairly simple, and not costly to record a lien and later release it. Just go there with the title and the sales agreement that details the terms, and pay the $7 fee.
"What are the options available for safe, short-term parking of funds? Savings accounts are the go-to option for safely depositing funds in a way that they remain accessible in the short-term. There are many options available, and any recommendations on a specific account from a specific institution depend greatly on the current state of banks. As you're in the US, If you choose to save funds in a savings account, it's important that you verify that the account (or accounts) you use are FDIC insured. Also be aware that the insurance limit is $250,000, so for larger volumes of money you may need to either break up your savings into multiple accounts, or consult a Accredited Investment Fiduciary (AIF) rather than random strangers on the internet. I received an inheritance check... Money is a token we exchange for favors from other people. As their last act, someone decided to give you a portion of their unused favors. You should feel honored that they held you in such esteem. I have no debt at all and aside from a few deferred expenses You're wise to bring up debt. As a general answer not geared toward your specific circumstances: Paying down debt is a good choice, if you have any. Investment accounts have an unknown interest rate, whereas reducing debt is guaranteed to earn you the interest rate that you would have otherwise paid. Creating new debt is a bad choice. It's common for people who receive large windfalls to spend so much that they put themselves in financial trouble. Lottery winners tend to go bankrupt. The best way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it back in your pocket. I am not at all savvy about finances... The vast majority of people are not savvy about finances. It's a good sign that you acknowledge your inability and are willing to defer to others. ...and have had a few bad experiences when trying to hire someone to help me Find an AIF, preferably one from a largish investment firm. You don't want to be their most important client. You just want them to treat you with courtesy and give you simple, and sound investment advice. Don't be afraid to shop around a bit. I am interested in options for safe, short ""parking"" of these funds until I figure out what I want to do.  Apart from savings accounts, some money market accounts and mutual funds may be appropriate for parking funds before investing elsewhere. They come with their own tradeoffs and are quite likely higher risk than you're willing to take while you're just deciding what to do with the funds. My personal recommendation* for your specific circumstances at this specific time is to put your money in an Aspiration Summit Account purely because it has 1% APY (which is the highest interest rate I'm currently aware of) and is FDIC insured. I am not affiliated with Aspiration. I would then suggest talking to someone at Vanguard or Fidelity about your investment options. Be clear about your expectations and don't be afraid to simply walk away if you don't like the advice you receive. I am not affiliated with Vanguard or Fidelity. * I am not a lawyer, fiduciary, or even a person with a degree in finances. For all you know I'm a dog on the internet."
Victor, Yes the drop in price does completely cancel the dividend at first. However, as others have noted, there are other forces working on the price as well. If dividends were pointless then the following scenario would be true: Let's assume, hypothetically, two identical stocks, only one of which pays a 2% annual dividend quarterly. At the end of the year we would expect the share price of the dividend stock to be 2% lower than the non-dividend stock.  And an equal investment in both stocks would yield exactly the same amount of money. So that is a hypothetical, and here is real market example: I compared, i.e. took the ratio of Vanguard's S&P 500 ETF (VOO) closing price to the S&P 500 Index closing price from sep 9, (2010-2014), after accounting for the VOO 2013 split. The VOO pays a quarterly dividend(about 2%/year), the S&P is an index, hence no dividend. The VOO share price, reduced each quarter by the dividend, still grew more than the S&P each year except 2012 to 2013, but looking at the entire 4yr period the VOO share price grew 80.3987% while S&P grew 80.083% (1/3 of 1% more for VOO). VOO does drop about 1/2% relative to S&P on every ex date, but obviously it makes it up. There are other forces working on VOO. VOO is trade-able, therefore subject to supply/demand pressures, while the S&P 500 is not. So for the VOO ETF the data does not indicate pointless dividends but instead implies dividends are free money. StockCharts.com supports this.  S&P500 for last 1244 days (9/8/2010) shows 90% growth http://stockcharts.com/freecharts/perf.php?%24SPX while VOO for last 1244 days shows 105% growth http://stockcharts.com/freecharts/perf.php?VOO
I think what the person meant to say is that Gold is not a one stop solution. There's nothing wrong with having Gold in an otherwise diversified portfolio but you need to be aware about the potential downsides: The problem with gold is that its value nowadays depends mainly on investor confidence, or the lack of it (actual demand for gold cannot explain the rise in value gold had after the crisis). If people are afraid the world and currencies with it will go to hell, the gold price will go up. Why? Because if currencies seize to exist, Gold will still be accepted. It can replace currencies. What many people tend to forget: let's consider the extreme example and currencies really cease to exist and all hell breaks lose. What good are gold bars at the bank, or even at home, for that matter? You'll be better off with gold coins to use in barter and to pay off marauders. But that's not about investing anymore, that's survivalism.
What you are describing is called following (or going over) a budget. There is no debt or loans in the scenario you are describing. Simply put a budget is when you allocate a certain amount of your income for expenses in various categories, and a certain amount for savings.  So lets say you earn $100 a month. If you budget $50 in expenses every month, then that means you try not to spend more then $50 a month, and the rest you save. In any given month, you may go over your self-imposed budgeted amount for expenses. That simply means you are over the budgetted amount for that month, but that does not make you 'in debt'. It just means you didn't meet your goal for that month (or whatever time period you created). However, if you do this habitually then you clearly don't have a realistic budget, because the idea behind a budget is a plan that you can realistically meet on a consistent basis. Sometimes you may have to break it, but it should be made in such a way that if you work at it, it is consistently achievable. If not, then you need to rethink your budget. Instead of thinking in terms of taking loans from yourself, I would encourage you to think in terms of saving up for goals and only spending money from those 'goal funds.' In this way, you are not arbitrarily spending money that would instead go into savings, but rather explicitly setting money aside for those goals. This will also help you to see where exactly your money is going and also help you to prioritize your financial goals.
The weird about counting stocks as a form of wealth for their trading value is that he literally can't use that money without losing his company and his source of wealth.  That and Bill Gates transfer of wealth from his publicly owned company into his own privately held entity means there's no way to see how rich Bill G is anymore. He could be making massive amounts of money from that NPO and the only people who would know is the government.
&gt;complete hyperbole.  one cannot be taken serious when this is the reply   I wish it was hyperbole. Look at every cabinet memeber in this administration, look at their histories. Theyre all there for one purpose and that is to dismantle their respective organizations. Their resumes say nothing else.  Whether or not you choose to take that seriously is up to you.
What you will probably get is an option to buy, for £10,000, £10,000 worth of stock. If the stock price on the day your option is granted is £2.50, then that's 4,000 shares. Companies rarely grant discounted options, as there are tax disincentives. The benefit of the stock option is that when you exercise it, you still only pay £10,000, no matter what the 4,000 shares are now worth. This is supposed to be an incentive for you to work harder to increase the value of the company. You should also check the vesting schedule. You will typically not be able to exercise all your options for some years, although some portion of it may vest each year.
"It's amazing how many times I've had to say that to people who are calling *others* idiots. It baffles me that they can't follow the simple logic. There's usually a ""Should a black baker have to make a cake for the KKK?!"" or something, prompting, ""Is 'KKK member' a protected class?"" It's really not a difficult concept."
There are many stategies with options that you have listed. The one I use frequently is buy in the money calls and sell at the money staddles. Do this ONLY on stocks you do not mind owning because that is the worse thing that can happen and if you like the company you stand less of a chance of being scared out of the trade. It works well with high quality resonable dividend paying stocks. Cat, GE, Mrk, PM etc. Good luck
Metals and Mining is an interesting special case for stocks.  It's relationship to U.S. equity (SPX) is particularly weak (~0.3 correlation) compared to most stocks so it doesn't behave like equity.  However, it is still stock and not a commodities index so it's relation to major metals (Gold for instance) is not that strong either (-0.6 correlation). Metals and Mining stocks have certainly underperformed the stock market in general over the past 25years 3% vs 9.8% (annualized) so this doesn't look particularly promising.  It did have a spectacularly good 8 year period ('99-'07) though 66% (annualized).  It's worth remembering that it is still stock.  If the market did not think it could make a reasonable profit on the stock the price would decrease until the market thought it could make the same profit as other equity (adjusted slightly for the risk).  So is it reasonable to expect that it would give the same return as other stock on average?  Yes.. -ish.  Though as has been shown in the past 25 years your actual result could vary wildly both positive and negative. (All numbers are from monthly over the last 25 years using VGPMX as a M&M proxy)
If you are looking for personal care service, Sweet Love Home Care one of the best personal care agency. Sweet Love Home Care Agency specializes in non-medical home care services for the elderly, disabled individuals, veterans and children. We continue to expand our services to meet the needs of the clients we serve and the community.
The article makes it seem as though she called the cops because the children were making noise. In my city any sound of play coming from children under the age of 12 is not against the noise ordinance. I'm imagining it's similar in LA, hopefully, and the dumb bitch didn't know any better.
Get instant eApproval for your Personal Loan &amp; Meet your all sorts of financial needs such as  buying your dream vehicle , furnishing your home or a family holiday, unexpected expenses at attractive interest rate &amp; with minimal documentation.
I'm all for universal health care. It costs less and everyone gets covered. But You can't call it capitalism currently when the government makes laws that's kills competition. Ask any Pharmacist and they'll tell you how corrupt the FDA is. What we have now is far from capitalism.   Capitalism gets a bad wrap but nobody bitches when you have so many smart phones to choose from. What if hospitals had to list prices? How much for an X-ray? I have no idea how much that shit cost.    It's good for everyone to know prices but the system makes it less transparent and that's on purpose.  People blame capitalism but they mistake it for how the government runs things.
&gt;Or....maybe rich people would not hoard all of the property  That would only happen if real-estate stopped being a reliable long term investment.  A tax would only burden the not-so ultra wealthy.. and real estate companies trading properties would raise the costs of doing transactions to cover the cost of property taxes
"It's called being smart.  I spent 2+ years building a business that now brings me ""passive income"".  IE: It runs itself online and I only need to put a couple of hours/week.  Have you ever tried a ""turnkey operation""?  Anything easy is so saturated that you will most likely never make money."
usana--Usanimals, USANA's essentials and usana vitamins for kids, are an advanced formulation of nutrients necessary for a healthy childhood. In addition to a phytonutrient blend of blackberry, cranberry, raspberry, and wild blueberry fruit powders, Usanaimals contain a comprehensive array of antioxidants, vitamins, and minerals, in amounts designed especially for active, growing kids. USANA Usanimals is an advanced formulation of nutrients necessary not only for a healthy childhood, but also for laying the foundation of good health for a lifetime. Now with a great-tasting natural wild berry flavor, an extra boost of vitamin D, and the addition of Iron, this new formulation is sure to be a hit with both parents and children alike.
"There are two things I would like to add. By no means am I an expert on this, so please call me out if you spot a mistake.  &gt; Economic contraction scared people. So instead of continuing making promises, they started paying off the promises they had  Every true.... **expect** this didn't cause the ball to stop rolling so much as it stopped the ball from rolling a little sooner than it otherwise would have.  As pointed out in the comments above, money is debt and with debt (in the system we've chosen to adopt) comes interest. That means that new money **must** be created in order for old money to be repaid. Which leads to a need for perpetual growth. And perpetual growth is unsustainable. Pure and simple, it doesn't exist.  So yeah, people got a fright and that put the brakes on the economy, but it was going to happen eventually.  &gt; People paying off debt is fine so long as there is sill money for services, and people paying for service is fine *so long as they don't rack up more debt than they can pay*.  As explained above, this is a fallacy because our monetary system literally requires that people aren't responsible when it comes to debt. Eventually we'll get to a stage the vast majority of people have taken on as much debt as they can logically support, at which point they would need to take on even more debt in order to service the debt that already exists. It's either that or the money supply contracts and you have a recession.  It always disgusts me when I hear people saying things like ""they should known better"" or ""this is what you get for not handling your finances correctly"" when describing people that get into debt issues. The system literally depends on people acting like idiots and taking on more debt than they can support.  It's also a reason why you can't really blame Wall Street for what happened - even though they did some messed up things, they were just playing by the rules of the game."
You conveniently ignored  &gt; (between the bottom 10% and top 10%, discounting dictatorships where only a tiny amount of people control the wealth)  Coincidentally, I am from Denmark, but have moved to America. My standard of living in America when I was making minimum wage was better than that of my family still in Denmark who had much better jobs. The income inequality in America results in a much higher standard of living than the income equality in Denmark.
I mean its probably not set like that in a cynical sense, though yeah any time its coming from a private company it'll be as expensive as they think people can pay without losing their shit.   ps. things that are supposed to be human rights should just be on up to a certain amount. Obviously you don't want needless waste of resources so it'd be good to have some kind of overage fines.
"Yet another ""If X, then EUROFAIL!!"" It's really fucking tedious even without the screamingly, mind-numbingly wrong ""logic"" of this one.   If you're lending money to Germany at 0% and still expect to make a profit, it's because the Euro *will be HIGHER* than your currency at the end of the loan period.  This one doesn't look like stupidity so much as a really ham-fisted manipulation attempt to engineer a short-term euro drop for a nicer buy-in."
"You have a Solo 401(k). You can fund it with cash, or I believe, with shares of your own company. You can't pull in other assets such as the ISOs from another employer. I see why that's desirable, but it's not allowed.  You wrote ""this will mitigate all tax complications with employee stock options.""  But - you can't transfer the ISOs from your job into your Solo 401(k). As littleadv notes, it's self dealing. Once the ISO is exercised there's no hiding the gain into that 401(k)."
"So, I've read the article in question, ""Basically, It's Over"".  Here's my opinion: I respect Charlie Munger but I think his parable misses the mark.  If he's trying to convince the average person (or at least the average Slate-reading person) that America is overspending and headed for trouble, the parable could have been told better.  I wasn't sure how to follow some of the analogies he was making, and didn't experience the clear ""aha"" I was hoping for. Nevertheless, I agree with his point of view, which I see as:  In the long run, the United States is going to have serious difficulty in supporting its debt habit, energy consumption habit, and its currency. In terms of an investment strategy to protect oneself, here are some thoughts.  These don't constitute a complete strategy, but are some points to consider as part of an overall strategy: If the U.S. is going to continue amassing debt fast, it would stand to reason it will become a worse credit risk, requiring it to pay higher interest rates on its debt.  Long-term treasury bonds would decline as rates increase, and so wouldn't be a great place to be invested today. In order to pay the mounting debt and debt servicing costs, the U.S. will continue to run the printing presses, to inflate itself out of debt.  This increase in the money supply will put downward pressure on the U.S. dollar relative to the currencies of better-run economies.  U.S. cash and short-term treasuries might not be a great place to be invested today.  Hedge with inflation-indexed bonds (e.g. TIPS) or the bonds of stronger major economies – but diversify; don't just pick one. If you agree that energy prices are headed higher, especially relative to U.S. dollars, then a good sector to invest a portion of one's portfolio would be world energy producing companies.  (Send some of your money over to Canada, we have lots of oil and we're right next door :-) Anybody who has already been practicing broad, global diversification is already reasonably protected.  Clearly, ""diversification"" across just U.S. stocks and bonds is not enough. Finally: I don't underestimate the ability of the U.S. to get out of this rut.  U.S. history has impressed upon me (as a Canadian) two things in particular: it is highly capable of both innovating and of overcoming challenges.  I'm keeping a small part of my portfolio invested in strong U.S. companies that are proven innovators – not of the ""financial""-innovation variety – and with global reach."
Conservative = erring on the side of ascribing a higher EV to the business. Because if you're someone looking to acquire the business, for example, and let's say we're talking about a business that has debt which trades at a discount, it's more conservative to assume that the debt can't necessarily be restructured.  To use an extreme example, as you're valuing the business, would it be conservative or aggressive to assume that the debt got magically wiped out altogether? So that's why I'm saying that it's more conservative to use the book value of the debt.
"I have never got my head around how they managed to sell a personal photo blog website for billions of dollars, how they came up with that fart in a bag valuation is a testament to how finance people understand technology.  Its going to be hilarious watching the face of the person left hold the stock in the end, because the break up value of this company is going to be a couple of servers, storage and a fucking web page and terabytes of photos of lonely desperate people.  And what really creeps me out is how can educated people in this day and age put all of their personal pics and info out there on the internet and knowing the ilk this Suckerberg belongs to, becoming part of that data base with names addresses and picture, and the ever nauseating updates . . .""Hey . .my darling wife is taking a shit and I just want to let her know I lover her""  ""Oh sweety . .I just let out a real soggy wet fart . . .my darling . .can't wait to be out of the bathroom and with you again soon""  Its just so desperate"
"I have traded options, but not professionally. I hadn't come across this terminology, but I expect it counts how far in-the-money, as an ordinal, an option is relative to the distinct strike prices offered for the option series — a series being the combination of underlying symbol, expiration date, and option type (call/put); e.g., all January 2015 XYZ calls, no matter the strike. For instance, if stock XYZ trades today at $11 and the available January 2015 XYZ calls have strike prices of $6, $8, $10, $12, $14, and $16, then I would expect the $10 call could be called one strike in the money, the $8 two strikes in the money, etc. Similarly, the $12 and $14 calls would be one and two strikes out of the money, respectively. However, if tomorrow XYZ moves to $13, then the $10 previously known as one strike in the money would now be two strikes in the money, and the $12 would be the new one strike in the money. Perhaps this terminology arose because many option strategies frequently involve using options that are at- or near-the-money, so the ""one strike in"" (or out) of the money contracts would tend to be those employed frequently? Perhaps it makes it easier for people to describe strategies in a more general sense, without citing specific examples. However, the software developer in me dislikes it, given that the measurement is relative to both the current underlying price (which changes quickly), and the strike prices available in the given option series. Hence, I wouldn't use this terminology myself and I suggest you eschew it, too, in favor of something concrete; e.g. specify your contract strikes in dollar terms — especially when it matters."
&gt;As a boston resident, these stores will be jam packed this weekend. The store i go to has 20 lanes 5-6 customers deep from opening on friday to close, and it looks like that almost every weekend day.   Which is one of the top criticisms of Market Basket.  If they are smart, they will overstaff this weekend as they have a chance for new customers.  If there are 15-minute waits to checkout, they won't win over new customers at all.  MB shoppers are slightly lower SES than the overall population, but that is primarily due to the lower prices.    We'll see what their weekly sales look like for the upcoming months, and I won't be shocked to see a slight change from where it was previously, be that higher or lower.
Leverage comes in many forms.  You'll learn about things like operational leverage, financial leverage, and total leverage throughout school.  In the real world, tier 1 capital ratio has become the most commonly scrutinized because it is essentially a ratio of the core equity capital of a firm divided by the risk weighted assets (assets multiplied by a credit weighting which for most banks now a days is using the standard of Basel 2.5 and moving towards Basel III).  The multiples you talked about were references to the reciprocal of this formula.  You could reciprocate the T1C ratio and get a whole number that is the multiplier.  This multiplier would show for every 1$ in core capital, how much the firm held in risk weighted assets.  The 30x number would have represented a tier 1 cap of 3.33%.  The concept behind it being, a 10% growth in risk weighted assets with a 3.33% T1CR would result in a 300% growth in core equity capital value.  As proven in 2008, it is a double edge blade and works the same way in both directions.
As pointed out by other posters, you need to check exact language of your settlement contract. In US, the answer depends on the state where this property is located. For example, in Michigan, one pays their real estate taxes for the current year, but in Illinois, one pays their taxes for the PRIOR year. This means that if you sold your property on January 2nd, 2014 in Michigan, as a seller, you are responsible for the portion of the tax bill for January 1st, 2014 only, and you will compensate the buyer for this amount via settlement provisions. In Illinois, as seller, you are responsible to make the payment in 2014 for tax year 2013. You will either make the full payment yourself or compensate your buyer via settlement funds. You will also compensate them for January 1st, 2014 portion as well.
"Long here does not mean you wish for the underlying stock to increase in value, in fact, as the chart shows, just the opposite is true.  ""Long means you bought the derivative, and you own the option. The guy that sold it to you is at your mercy, he is short the put, and it's your decision to put the stock to him should it fall in value.  The value of the put itself rises with the falling stock price, you are long the put and want the put, itself, to rise in value."
For the first part of your question, I think the answer is a combination of three things:  (1) Bigger companies have leverage to negotiate better deals due to volume.  (2) Some of these companies are also taking bookings from outside the US for people traveling to the US (either directly or through affiliates).  This means that they also have income in other currencies, so they may not actually be making as many wire transfers as you think.  They simply keep a bank account in Europe, for example, in Euros to receive and send money in the Eurozone as needed.  They balance the exchange on their books internally in this case, without actually sending funds through the international banking system.  Similarly in other parts of the world. (3) These companies are not going to make a wire transfer for every transaction, in any case.  They are going to transfer big sums of money to an account abroad to balance things on a longer-term basis (weekly, month, etc.)  Then they will make individual payments to service providers out of the overseas account in between these larger, international transfers. For the second part of your question, I think there's probably no way for a new business to get the advantages of scale unless you've got significant capital backing your endeavor that would make it plausible that you'll be transferring in scale.  I don't see any reason in principle that the new company could not establish bank accounts abroad and try to execute the plan outlined in #2 above except that it would require some set-up costs to do the proper paperwork in each country, probably to travel, and to initially fund the various accounts.
"In 2013, an allowance/exemption is like saying, ""Please don't tax $3,900 this year."" So 8 allowances is $31K not taxed. It doesn't wipe out your tax withholding.  Circular E will show you the exact amount they'll withhold based on the allowances you claim.  Keep in mind, the withholding is run-rated. i.e. it assumes a full year of work. If you had no income for the first 6 months of the year, you will actually still have too much withheld even though the number is right for the full year, starting 2014."
&gt;One effect of this system is job lock. People become dependent on their employment for their health insurance, and they are loath to leave their jobs, even when doing so might make their lives better.  Try telling any of this to progressives and they'll be ready to Tar and feather you... This is one of the reasons that I am hesitant to support unions...
"I would say his delivery could use a little better tempo and charisma, but the content and references he included were just right for his audience. I just watched that video because I wasn't sure if ""applause break"" meant he had to stop for applause or there was a break in the applause. I see that you meant he had to stop because they were applauding what he said. The applause was more for the republican and american part than the gay part, but you're right. There was applause directly associated with his statement of being proud to be gay.   I have to think that his alignment with Trump is based on small government (deregulation and lower taxes) and frustration with the status quo. They are very strange bedfellows. Aside from deregulation and lower taxes, I wouldn't think that Thiel has much in common with the RNC. An example from the video is where he asks ""Who cares?"" about the issue of transgender bathrooms. The crowd cheered at that. I don't know who gets worked up more about the issue, the left or the right, but I know they both certainly do.   Hearing Thiel's thoughts today would be very interesting. I believe he has acknowledged that Trump could end in some sort of disaster. I respect Thiel's abilities, the amount of thought he has put into various topics, and his effectiveness very much. He's one of the few Trump supporters that I can't immediately write off as uninformed or biased in an egregious way. On the other hand, its hard to see how a man as intelligent as he is could respect a ridiculous carnival barker like Trump."
If the homeowner knows the situation is hopeless, and the end result will be the loss of the home, jumping to the end result can be helpful. It is quicker, they don't spend as much time fighting a losing battle. Deed in Lieu of foreclosure is not so great for the borrower if the bank goes after them for the rest of the money owed. There can also be tax implications if the debt is forgiven. Though these issues also exist when the drawn out foreclosure option is done. For the bank. The longer the process the more the house deteriorates. The borrower may stop maintenance and may even vandalize the house. Getting their lock on the door quickly is important to them. They protect it, clean it, and prep it for sale right away. They also save on lawyer fees. They know that the moment they start the foreclosure process all money from the borrower stops, this can save thousands in carrying costs.  One issue will be how the accounting losses will be divided among the servicing company, and the investors. If the servicing company will make more money from the longer process they may not push for the quick settlement. If the opposite is true, they will be quickly on board.  For the new buyer, the issue with either foreclosure is that the longer process can result in greater hidden and visible damage. The heat pump may work, but the disgruntled homeowner stopped changing the filters the last six months. They may have also removed and damaged things on the way out. Other than that I don't see a big difference. Because the bank had lower costs involved in the foreclosure they might settle for a lower purchase price, but that might be hard to know.
"Based on the information you gave, there are dozens if not hundreds of possible theories one could spin about the rental market. Sure, it's possible that there are no listings because rental units on this street are quickly snapped up. On the other hand, it's also possible that there are no listings because almost all the buildings on the street have been abandoned and, aside from this one property that someone is tying to sell you, the rest of the street is inhabited only by wild dogs and/or drug dealers. Or maybe the street is mostly owner-occupied, i.e. the properties are not being rented to anyone. Or maybe it's a commercial district. Or maybe craigslist isn't popular with people who own property on this street for whatever reason. Maybe Syracuse has a city ordinance that says property must be advertised in the newspaper and not on websites, for all I know. Or maybe you missed it because nobody in Syracuse calls it ""housing for rent"", they all call it ""apartments for rent"" or ""houses for rent"" or some local phrase. Or ... or ... or. Before I bought a property, I'd do more research than one search on one web site. Have you visited the property? I don't know how much you're preparing to invest, I have no idea what property prices are in Syracuse, but I'd guess it's at least tens of thousands of dollars. Surely worth making the drive to Syracuse to check it out before buying."
"With the standard ""I am not a lawyer"" disclaimer, consider this question: If you and your girlfriend split up sometime after purchasing the house but before getting married, would you expect her to repay you for the closing costs and downpayment?  That is, if you write her a check for $5k, and 6 months after she signs the papers for the house one of you decides to break up with the other, would you expect her to write you a check for $5k in return?   That is the difference between ""a gift"" and ""a loan disguised as a gift"".  If the answer is no, you don't expect it back, then everything is fine and you're in the clear - it's perfectly legal to give someone money.  If the answer is yes, you would want to be ""paid back"", then it's not a gift and you run the risk of running afoul of the regulations.   With respect to a previous answer about ""gifting money that is not taxed"", in the US one person can give another up to $14,000 without worrying about gift taxes, and even in the event that you exceed that amount, the excess would simply eat into the lifetime exemption of $5,250,000.  (Individual states may have different rules and exempt amounts that would apply to state taxes.)   Please also consider the income issue for your ""rental agreement"".  Your GF would be expected to declare that amount and pay income tax on it as a business.  She might also declare part of that amount as expected income for purposes of securing the loan, but that may run into its own issues (you're not a roommate, and presumably the home is not a duplex or set up as apartments, and presumably she would not offer a similar deal to someone other than you)."
Vista Sand When Marty Robertson and Gary Humphreys, Managing Partners, bought Vista Sand in 2011 they knew there were a couple of things they needed to take care of in order to grow their business, replace the worn out mixed fleet they inherited in the purchase and have someone manage it for them. The solution was hiring Ron Lee, Director of Mining and Fleet Assets, in 2013 and creating a partnership with an equipment dealer who could maintain the equipment at minimal downtime.
Pretty much. I'm working overseas developing an electronic system to streamline a paper approval workflow process. The amount of manpower it takes to manually maintain all this information is amazing. A simple access database application that tracks signatures and approvals could probably knock five people out of a full-time job.   I've already had several easily implementable features knocked off scope by people afraid of losing their own importance.
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://pensionpartners.com/when-does-a-bubble-become-a-bubble/) reduced by 94%. (I'm a bot) ***** &gt; When did it become a bubble? When does any bubble become a bubble? This is not an easy question to answer, particularly for an asset with no intrinsic value.  &gt; As we have seen, Bitcoin looked like a bubble in 2011 at $1. It looked like a bubble in 2013 at $200. And looks like a bubble today at $6,000.  &gt; If Bitcoin is trading at the same value a few years from now, but crashes many in between, was it a bubble? How much does it need to go down and how long does it need to stay down to meet the definition?   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/788avh/when_does_a_bubble_become_a_bubble/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 1.65, ~233567 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Bubble**^#1 **Bitcoin**^#2 **value**^#3 **price**^#4 **look**^#5"
Sort of free market system when there are resource limits. The city doesn't sell the medallions for $2M, but they do artificially limit the number available. All the mediallion owners bought and sold the medallions on the grey market, and that drove up the price. They all speculated on something very risky. Just like Pogs or Beanie Babies, if the city suddenly decided to double the number of medallions, these owners would have likewise been screwed.
HSBC will open you an account in the UK while you are still in the US. You can transfer your money before you leave the US. Your credit report and cards can also be transferred with HSBC, I think they have a mastercard. You can keep all your accounts in the US, and use online banking.
In addition to George Marian's excellent advice, I'll add that if you're hitting the limits on IRA contributions, then you'd go back to your 401(k). So, put enough into your 401(k) to get the match, then max out IRA contributions to give you access to more and better investment options, then go back to your 401(k) until you top that out as well, assuming you have that much available to invest for retirement.
Outside of a tax sheltered IRA or 401(k) type of account your transactions may trigger tax liability.  However, transactions are not taxed immediately at the time of the transaction; and up to a certain limits capital gains can be offset by capital losses which can mitigate your liability at tax time.  Also, remember that dividend receipts are taxable income as well. As others have said, this has nothing to do with whether or not money has been moved out of the account.
Financial literacy for individuals is the instruction and comprehension of different money related issues. This subject concentrates on the capacity to manage personal finance matters in a productive way, and it incorporates the information of settling on suitable choices about individual finance, for example, insurance premiums, educational fees, real estate investments, tax planning, retirement saving, budget management and so on.   Let's have a look at the importance of Financial Literacy in an Individual's life so that it can become a source of inspiration for you.   Inspiration and financial literacy for individuals enable people to end up plainly independent with the goal that they can accomplish budgetary solidness. The individuals who comprehend the subject ought to have the capacity to answer a few inquiries concerning buys, for example, regardless of whether a thing is required, whether it is reasonable, and whether it a benefit or a risk.   Financial literacy for individuals shows the practices and states of mind a man has about cash that is connected to his everyday life. Financial literacy demonstrates how an individual settles on monetary choices. This attitude can enable a man to build up a money related guide to distinguish what he procures, what he spends and what he owes.   The absence of financial education can prompt owing a lot of obligation and settle on poor monetary choices. For instance, the preferences or drawbacks of settled and variable loan costs are ideas that are less demanding to comprehend and settle on educated choices about in the event that you have monetary proficiency abilities.   Monetary proficiency training ought to likewise incorporate hierarchical abilities, consumer rights, innovation and worldwide financial matters in light of the fact that the condition of the worldwide economy incredibly influences the U.S. Economy.  As per the saying of one of the renowned actor cum producer, Lucille Bell, 'Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself'. Yes, the current market trend has proved this inspirational quote to a true extent. Investing money into trading and financial market is a hard nut to crack and it requires a thought-provoking financial inspiration for individuals. To earn handsome money, you need to become smart enough to understand the market behavior, market flows and all the associated ups and downs. Now, you are confused. No, you don't need to hold an MBA degree or become a financial expert to learn lucrative investing skills. Wealth Generators is there for you to make you learn all the essentials techniques required to make your hard earned money provide you with the best output which you can never imagine. Yes, optimism and the smart skills are the two pivotal ways to get success over the curvature of the financial twisting.   We are considered to be one stop financial inspirations for individuals who wish to earn money by making smart investments. It all has become possible due to years of research and development of our financial veterans and their innovative attitude in developing financial tools. The amalgamation of the computer, communication technologies and our educational financial tools have lowered the risk of investments. With a commitment and optimistic approach, you can earn good money in no time, if you have proper market knowledge. Our experts have done extensive research and they are always updated with the latest insights of the trading and investment markets. We believe that your solid financial inspiration to save your expenses and turning them into handsome profits can make you a wealthy person. So, if you are really willing it, Wealth Generators is there for you, the ultimate source of your financial inspiration.
"To your first comment: yup. To your second comment, A = L + E. If E goes down, and L goes up, the net effect is 0. Then, if L goes down, and A goes up, the net effect is 0 and we are balanced once again. There is no ""rebalancing"" equity. You just have to make sure that, at the end of your journal entries, the accounting equation holds.  It's a very unintuitive concept to wrap your head around, but spend some time mapping out the flow of various journal entries. Once it clicks, you'll really understand the logic."
When I go to Niagara Falls, for example, the towers on both sides pick up my phone. I'll be standing fully within Canada and get a 'welcome to the US' text, and vice versa. This is known to happen and usually isn't a big deal. The article talks about roaming in a neighboring country, so it doesn't really clarify if it's simply near border connection as I've described, or if the phone is supposed to have connected further in the country.
I'm concerned enough that the *hash* alone is out there to change it. It's one level of security on which you should be able to rely: unique pw, pw is hashed, hashing is (hopefully) salted, login is via SSL, etc etc. The fact that the hash alone is out there - even if I think it's fairly unguessable - is enough for me to decide to change it.
"I am not 100% sure, but I think the answer is this:  You can't max out both.  You could theoretically max out the SIMPLE IRA ($11,500) and then contribute $4,000 to your 401k, but your total can't exceed the 401k limit of $16,500.  This also means you could max out your 401k at $16,500, but you couldn't contribute anything to the SIMPLE IRA.  Note that no matter what, you can't contribute more than $11,500 to your SIMPLE IRA. (Note that this is all independent from your Traditional or Roth IRA, which are subject to their own limits, and not affected by your participation in employer-sponsored plans.) As I understand it, a 401k and a SIMPLE IRA both fall under the umbrella of ""employer-sponsored plans"".  Just like you can't max out two 401k's at two different employers, you can't do it with the 401k and the SIMPLE IRA.  The only weird thing is the contribution limit differences between SIMPLE IRA and 401k, but I don't think the IRS could/would penalize you for working two jobs (enforcing the lower SIMPLE IRA limit for all employer-sponsored retirement accounts). You should probably run the numbers, factoring in the employer match, and figure out which account-contribution scenario makes the most financial sense for you.  However, I'm not sure how the employer match helps you when you're talking about a small business that you own/run.  You may also want to look at how the employer match of the SIMPLE IRA affects the taxes your business pays. Disclaimer #1:  I couldn't find a definitive answer on your specific scenario at irs.gov.  I pieced the above info from a few different ""SIMPLE IRA info"" sites.  That's why I'm not 100% sure.  It seems intuitively correct to me, though.  Does your small business have an accountant?  Maybe you should talk to him/her. Disclaimer #2:  The $ amounts listed above are based on the IRS 2010 limits."
I have an eight year old Kia Spectra that my wife is after me to replace -- but it hadn't been giving me any trouble at all.  Soon after she started telling me I should replace it soon it started having problems; compressor, tires, and so on.  How did she know? Anyway, so now I'm looking -- not ready to buy yet, but I'm looking.  The reason I won't be leasing is mileage.  I live 45 miles from where I work, so with incidental driving, I put at least 100 miles a day on a car.  That's about 26,000 miles a year if I do nothing but drive back and forth to work. On a monthly basis the lease is advertised as being less than most payments, but that is with a mileage limitation.  Since most leases I've looked at top out the mileage well below that mark I won't be leasing. I am looking at the new cars that are available now -- but I don't plan on buying until next year, and buying a lightly used car that is only a year to two old.  So I'm looking at what I will be buying while I can still find information about them. So yeah, mileage is a strong reason why I'm not considering leasing.
I don't feel a thing, my livelihood is hurting from the type of greed displayed by the asshole I was replying too. You don't have to give a fuck, this country doesn't have to get better, inequality can drive us to third world standards, it's fine. I'm sure you're going to be voting to re-elect Trump. Don't bother replying to me.
I've never seen anything in any IRS publication that placed limits on the balance of a 401K, only on what you can contribute (and defer from taxes) each year.  The way the IRS 'gets theirs' as it were is on the taxes you have to pay (for a traditional IRA anyway) which would not be insubstantial when you start to figure out the required minimum distribution if the balance was 14Mill.. You're required to take out enough to in theory run the thing out of money by your life expectancy.. The IRS has tables for this stuff to give you the exact numbers, but for the sake of a simple example, their number for someone age 70 (single or with a spouse who is not more than 10 years younger) is 27.4..  If we round that to 28 to make the math nice, then you would be forced to withdraw and pay taxes on around $500,000 per year.  (So there would be a hefty amount of taxes to be paid out for sure). So a lot of that $500K a year going to pay taxes on your distributions, but then, considering you only contributed  660,000 pre-tax dollars in the first place, what a wonderful problem to have to deal with.  Oh don't throw me in THAT briar patch mr fox!
"Since you're also looking for alternative means of funding, have you considered doing part-time work -- during the holidays or on some of the weekends? With this kind of financing you have to watch out that the work does not interfere with your study. On the other hand it can be valuable work experience that can come in handy later in your life, such as when applying for your first ""real"" job. The kind of work you can do will depend a lot on the subject you are studying and what qualifications you have. For example, if you are studying computer science, there are a lot of freelance opportunities in programming. One of these could lead right to your first job after university. The two broad types of work you can do are: For freelance: Try searching for ""[subject] student freelance"" and look at sites like oDesk. Read up on tax concerns, research how to price your time, and start doing! For employment: Browse the job boards at your university. Contact businesses to ask for part-time opportunities. Hope this helps to open one of the alternative paths here. If you go down this road, remember to keep your priorities in mind. Especially the freelance work can easily interfere with your study and delay you unnecessarily. Good luck!"
Working in my current sales role, I find myself listening to hours of business podcasts a week while travelling. Some of my favourite podcasts at the moment are:  PNR With This Old Marketing Futureproofing with Kelsey Ramsden The Brutal Truth About Sales &amp; Selling
The QuikTrip business model is an interesting one, I'm looking forward to seeing its long term stability. Every business has to offer value to its customers and it needs to bring unique value in order to take off at QuikTrip's rate. IMO QuikTrip's value is their large footprint combined with clean, organized stores carrying a wide variety of products.   This value is only unique in comparison to the general shittiness of their primarily regional competition. Most convenience store chains are regional on a city by city basis and they generally do a poor job of ensuring consistency in the areas I listed for QuikTrip. That's the general trend including good chains, there are plenty of bad ones where you would have to be insane to try one of the hotdogs or tex-mex tube things that have sat on the rollers for 3 months.  The problem is that maintaining a convenience store isn't hard, it requires competent management and employees who give a half-ass effort. QuikTrip can afford to pay for excellent management and employees who give a whole-ass effort because their geographic footprint affords another unique advantage. How long will that remain unique? I know of several equally decent, growing chains that offer better prices and if the market is large enough we're likely to see oil companies giving a shit about the convenience store side again like they did in the 90's after the rise of 7-11.   I'm more than likely wrong somewhere in my analysis of QuikTrip's list of advantages. However, if I'm on the right track I'd be hesitant to call them a long term winner when they operate a high cost operation in a heavily price sensitive market.
Generally it goes by when they receive the check, not when they cash the check. Though if the check was received prior to midnight on December 31st, but after the bank closes, they would probably let the tax payer decide to count it for the next year. Of course if the check is from person A to person B then the only issue is gift tax, or annual limit calculations.  If it is company to person then income tax could be involved.  The IRS calls this Constructive receipt Income   Under the cash method, include in your gross income all items of   income you actually or constructively receive during your tax year. If   you receive property or services, you must include their fair market   value in income. Example.   On December 30, 2011, Mrs. Sycamore sent you a check for interior   decorating services you provided to her. You received the check on   January 2, 2012. You must include the amount of the check in income   for 2012.  Constructive receipt.   You have constructive receipt of   income when an amount is credited to your account or made available to   you without restriction. You do not need to have possession of it. If   you authorize someone to be your agent and receive income for you, you   are treated as having received it when your agent received it. Example.    Interest is credited to your bank account in December 2012. You do not   withdraw it or enter it into your passbook until 2013. You must   include it in your gross income for 2012.  Delaying receipt of income.    You cannot hold checks or postpone taking possession of similar   property from one tax year to another to avoid paying tax on the   income. You must report the income in the year the property is   received or made available to you without restriction. Example.   Frances Jones, a service contractor, was entitled to receive a $10,000   payment on a contract in December 2012. She was told in December that   her payment was available. At her request, she was not paid until   January 2013. She must include this payment in her 2012 income because   it was constructively received in 2012.  Checks.   Receipt of a valid   check by the end of the tax year is constructive receipt of income in   that year, even if you cannot cash or deposit the check until the   following year. Example. Dr. Redd received a check for $500 on December 31, 2012, from a   patient. She could not deposit the check in her business account until   January 2, 2013. She must include this fee in her income for 2012. In general it is best not to cut it close. If the check is to be counted as an January event it is best to send it in January. If it is to be December event it is best to send it early enough to be able to say with confidence that the check arrived at the destination before the end of the year.
"The answers here are all correct.  This is 100% scam, beyond any reasonable doubt.  Don't fall for it.  However, I felt it valuable to explain what would happen were you to fall for this.  It's not all that hard to understand, but it involves understanding some of the time delays that exist in modern banking today. The most important thing to understand is that depositing a check does not actually put dollars in your account, even though it appears to.  A check is not legal tender for debts public and private.  It's a piece of paper known as a ""bill of exchange.""  It's an authorization for a payee (you), to request that their bank pay you the amount on the check.  A transaction made with a check does not actually draw to a close until your bank and their bank communicate and cause the actual transfer of funds to take place.  This process is called ""clearing"" the check. Despite living in the modern times, this process is slow.  It can take 7-10 days to clear a check (especially if it is an international bank).  This is not good for the banking business.  You can imagine how difficult it would be to tell a poor client, who is living paycheck to paycheck, that he can't have his pay until the check clears a week later.  Banks have an interest in hiding this annoying feature of the modern banking system, so they do.  When you deposit a check, the bank will typically advance you the money (an interest free loan, in effect) while the check ""floats"" (i.e. until it clears).  This creates the illusion that the money is actually in your account for most intents and purposes.  (presumably a bank would distinguish between the floating check and a cleared check if you tried to close out your account, but otherwise it looks and feels like the money is in your hands). Of course, if the check is dishonored (because the payer had insufficient funds, or the account simply did not exist), your bank will not get the money.  At this moment, they will cancel any advances you received and notify you that the check bounced.  Again, this happens 7-10 days later. The general pattern of this scam is that they will pay you by a method which clears slowly, like a check.  They will then ask you to withdraw the money using a faster clearing method (like a wire transfer or withdrawing the cash).  Typically they will be encouraging you to move quickly (they are on a timetable... when their check bounces, the game is up!)  At this time, it will appear as though the account has a positive balance, but in fact it has a negative balance plus an advance on the check.  This looks great until 7-10 days later, when the check bounces.  At that time, the bank will cancel the advance, and reality will set in.  You will now have an open bank account, legally opened by you in your own name, which is deeply in debt.  Meanwhile, the scammer walks away with all the money that you sent them (which cleared quickly). There are many variants which can hide the details.  Some can play games with check kiting to try to make your first check clear (then try to rope you in for a more painful hit).  Some will change the instruments they use (checks are the easy ones, so they're simply most common).  Don't try to think ""maybe this one is legit.""  These scammers literally make a living off of making shady transactions look legit. Things I would recommend looking out for:"
"The simple answer is, there are many ways for trades to take place.  Some systems use order-matching software that employs proprietary algorithms for deciding the order of processing, others use FIFO structures, and so on.  Some brokerages may fill customer orders out of their own accounts (which happens more frequently than you might imagine), and others put their orders into the system for the market makers to handle.  There's no easy all-encompassing answer to your question, but it's still a good one to ask. By the way, asking if the market is ""fair"" is a bit naive, because fairness depends on what side of the trade you came out on! (grin)  If your limit order didn't get filled and you missed out on an opportunity, that's always going to seem unfair, right?"
Hardly. Minimum wage is designed so people are not slaves. Rent for a 3 bedroom around my area went from $900 to $1250 in the past 3 years... minimum wage went up a few cents. Your unskilled labor isn't worth less than being able to afford a home. Medical billing pays $19 an hour... hardly skilled practice there. pretty sure a cashier being able to ring you out in a timely fashion and help bring Walmart 400b in revenue a year is worth more than living in a tent or 15 people in your home.
I think you're mixing up being incorporated with being public. A corporation is just a financially separate organization from the owner(s). There might be only one owner, but the company's assets are separated from the person's.   A public company is one entity whose ownership is on the market - a shareholder can sell his or her portion easily. A company that decides it no longer wants to be public just becomes a private corporation, with ownership of its own assets, but with a few owners, not many.
Good news! It will be enough if you make the most important decision after retirement; that is, the decision to live within your means. With $220,000 per year in 2015 resources, will you live in the same size home in the same location as you do now? Or will you downsize a bit and move to a town with more reasonably priced homes and lower taxes? Apply the same thinking to all of your expenses. In my opinion, making the decision to live within your means is the biggest decision you can make going into retirement.
&gt;This is what happens when departments are stupid and don't hire the people they need.  No, this is what happens when unions rule. Bet you didn't know that after 9/11, the NYPD and NYFD put their most senior people on the overtime shifts so they could retire at their last year's pay grade. That story is buried now.
"Very often, the word secondary market is used synonymously with the stock market as we all know it.  In this case, the primary market would be the ""closed"" world of VCs, business angels, etc to which stock market investors do not have access, e.g. the securities are not trading on a public stock market."
What you're saying is that your dogma provides you no useful response to my argument, so you'd rather ignore my comments instead of having to confront the futility of your beliefs.   Good luck with that. If you keep your head buried in the sand, you won't see the ocean creeping up to drown you.
The problem comes when the borrower cannot afford his home.  If a borrower buys more home than they can afford, as long as he can sell the house for more than he owes, he's not in a disastrous situation. He can sell the house, pay off the mortgage, and choose more affordable housing instead.  If he is upside-down on his home, he doesn't have that option. He's stuck in his home. If he sells it, he will have to come up with extra money to pay off the mortgage (which he doesn't have, because he is in a home he can't afford). It used to be commonplace for banks to issue mortgages for 100% of the value of the home. As long as the home keeps appreciating, everybody is happy. But if the house drops in value and the homeowner finds himself unable to make house payments, both the homeowner and the bank are at risk. Recent regulations in the U.S. have made no-down-payment mortgages less common.
"Ignoring the complexities of a standardised and regulated market, a futures contract is simply a contract that requires party A to buy a given amount of a commodity from party B at a specified price. The future can be over something tangible like pork bellies or oil, in which case there is a physical transfer of ""stuff"" or it can be over something intangible like shares. The purpose of the contract is to allow the seller to ""lock-in"" a price so that they are not subject to price fluctuations between the date the contract is entered and the date it is complete; this risk is transferred to the seller who will therefore generally pay a discounted rate from the spot price on the original day. In many cases, the buyer actually wants the ""stuff""; futures contracts between farmers and manufacturers being one example. The farmer who is growing, say, wool will enter a contract to supply 3000kg at $10 per kg (of a given quality etc. there are generally price adjustments detailed for varying quality) with a textile manufacturer to be delivered in 6 months. The spot price today may be $11 - the farmer gives up $1 now to shift the risk of price fluctuations to the manufacturer. When the strike date rolls around the farmer delivers the 3000kg and takes the money - if he has failed to grow at least 3000kg then he must buy it from someone or trigger whatever the penalty clauses in the contract are. For futures over shares and other securities the principle is exactly the same. Say the contract is for 1000 shares of XYZ stock. Party A agrees to sell these for $10 each on a given day to party B. When that day rolls around party A transfers the shares and gets the money. Party A may have owned the shares all along, may have bought them before the settlement day or, if push comes to shove, must buy them on the day of settlement. Notwithstanding when they bought them, if they paid less than $10 they make a profit if they pay more they make a loss.  Generally speaking, you can't settle a futures contract with another futures contract - you have to deliver up what you promised - be it wool or shares."
The everyday investor buys at the ask and sells at the bid but the market maker does the opposite This is misleading; it has nothing to do with being either an investor or a market maker. It is dependent on the type of order that is submitted. When a market trades at the ask, this means that a buy market order has interacted with a sell limit order at the limit price. When a market trades at the bid, this means that a sell market order has interacted with a buy limit order at the limit price. An ordinary investor can do exactly the same as a market maker and submit limit orders. Furthermore, they can sit on both sides of the bid and ask exactly as a market maker does. In the days before high frequency trading this was quite common (an example being Daytek, whose traders were notorious for stepping in front of the designated market maker's bid/ask on the Island ECN). An order executes ONLY when both bid and ask meet. (bid = ask) This is completely incorrect. A transaction occurs when an active (marketable) order is matched with a passive (limit book) order. If the passive order is a sell limit then the trade has occurred at the ask, and if it is a buy limit the trade has occurred at the bid. The active orders are not bids and asks. The only exception to this would be if the bid and ask have become crossed. When a seller steps in, he does so with an ask that's lower than the stock's current ask Almost correct; he does so with an order that's lower than the stock's current ask. If it's a marketable order it will fill the front queued best bid, and if it's a limit order his becomes the new ask price. A trade does not need to occur at this price for it to become the ask. This is wrong, market makers are the opposite party to you so the prices are the other way around for them. This is wrong. There is no distinction between the market maker and yourself or any other member of the public (beside the fact that designated market makers on some exchanges are obliged to post both a bid and ask at all times). You can open an account with any broker and do exactly the same as a market maker does (although with nothing like the speed that a high frequency market-making firm can, hence likely making you uncompetitive in this arena). The prices a market maker sees and the types of orders that they are able to use to realize them are exactly the same as for any other trader.
"At this level it's not so much about ""handling money"" in the way we think of it in the first world.   It's more like you have no possible way to get enough capital to get out of a desperately bad situation. But if you do get that capital, you can start digging your way out.  For example, in one case I read about, someone used part of that $1000 to buy a cow. Then she started selling milk and saving money."
Well now your going to have to justify the amount of money a student has to pay to get help via phone/text.  The problem is you're trying to target only your school. Which limits your options. To add on top of it people are already providing it for free.   My honest advice would be to move on from this project. Unless you can provide tutoring for free then leverage the people you meet for another business.
"Assuming no constraints on how much you can move (or how frequently) into and out of your offset mortgage account, the question becomes one of what rate of return you expect from your long-term savings/emergency cash fund. The rate you are getting from the offset mortgage account is known; since it reduces the principal amount owing and thus reduces interest charges, the return is the mortgage rate (though I would not be surprised if the offset mortgage account contract has bells and whistles reducing the effective rate, saying something like 3 pounds reduction of principal for every 5 pounds you put in). So, as a movie character once said, ""Do you feel lucky today?""  If so, move money from your offset mortgage account to savings, and earn more.  If not, move money in the opposite direction. A ""guaranteed"" 2% return on the offset mortgage account might be better than taking a risk on the vagaries of the stock market, and even the possibility of loss in your long term savings account."
Google Peter schiff 2006 housing bubble youtube.  You may not even like the guy, but he was right all along--way before it happened.  (takes about 1 hour or something).  Another of the many guys that saw the bubble way before anyone and profited from it is called Kyle Bass.  I would seriously recommend everybody that sees this post to watch all his videos.    I take this guys seriously.  They have been warning about the crisis for a long time.  The media, on the other hand, will advise you to buy Facebook or something.
Oh surprise, surprise.  The problem forcing the world towards another Great Depression - is that he's not making enough money.  And, the only way to avert disaster - is to do things that will make him even more powerful and wealthy.  What a freaking shock...
Oh come on. I'm sure that's helped to gain momentum quicker but it's not like the guy doesn't have a passion, business knowledge, and the entrepreneurial spirit.   Ever heard about that amazing company that a trust fund baby started? Yeah, me neither.
BLUF:  Continue renting, and work toward financial independence, you can always buy later if your situation changes. Owning the house you live in can be a poor investment.  It is totally dependent on the housing market where you live.  Do the math.  The rumors may have depressed the market to the point where the houses are cheaper to buy.  When you do the estimate, don't forget any homeowners association fees and periodic replacement of the roof, HVAC system and fencing, and money for repairs of plumbing and electrical systems.  Calculate all the replacements as cost over the average lifespan of each system.  And the repairs as an average yearly cost.  Additionally, consider that remodeling will be needful every 20 years or so. There are also intangibles between owning and renting that can tip the scales no matter what the numbers alone say.  Ownership comes with significant opportunity and maintenance costs and is by definition not liquid, but provides stability.  As long as you make your payments, and the government doesn't use imminent domain, you cannot be forced to move.  Renting gives you freedom from paying for maintenance and repairs on the house and the freedom to move with only a lease to break.
Actually when someone hates something that bad, it's only a matter of time before they're fired anyway.  I have hated something this bad before.  A good internship working in environmental crimes.  I didn't last because of a couple things.  People were too conservative (was not expecting that!), and it was god-awful boring, quiet, and lonely.  I had to be switched into something that didn't make me wish for a brain annuerism(?)  It's not entirely up to OP; if the people around him know how much he hates his job, then if this were a real job, he'd be fired anyway.
I agree, but you would think there would be a better area to spend his waning popularity on. Although I'm sure the land is cheap and people there would happily go to a trump hotel, so maybe it'll end up making money.
"Managers aren't receiving pension plans? They do nothing on their own? I agree there needs to be strong leadership and direction, and most people specialize in 1 thing while others specialize in coordinating teams with different skill sets, but the workers aren't just pieces in an intricate assembly line. If you take this corporate philosophy obsessed with short term gains you get jaded workers and create a similar culture. ""*Corporate:* I'll pay the least I can for the best I can get AND I'll fire them on the spot the second I find someone better. *Worker:* I'll work the least I can for as much as I can get AND I'll be on the lookout for better opportunities constantly"". You need to strike a balance of respect somewhere. These are interdependent processes, not a hierarchy of dependent sheep vs corporate overlords."
"While Chipotle execs have admitted that queso was far and away the most requested menu item by its customers, the burrito chain struggled for years to create a queso recipe that adheres to its strict requirements for all natural food and actually taste good at the same time.    “Additives make typical queso very consistent and predictable, but are not at all in keeping with our food culture,""  source: https://www.thrillist.com/news/nation/chipotle-queso-dip-ingredients-recipe"
Well, they did a really *horrible* job of not looking bad.  They dragged people from two different offices in different cities, bussed them to another city, and had a huge money-blowing event.  Then a couple weeks later, they had another one.  This wasn't even the 'mission statement' deal, either.  That was separate, and a month or two later.   Then every meeting people go to, the managers have to harp on them about saving money.  It takes some real strong cognitive dissonance to be able to stomach this crap.  Don't even get me started on the banners they keep hanging up all over that just annoy the crap out of most people.  (those damn things are *real* expensive, too.)
"How about the new Mastercard ""In Control"" card http://www.pivotalpayments.com/ca/industry-news/mastercard-introduces-in-control-program-to-help-consumers-budget-800077802/ You can set budgets at your bank and go between getting alerts when you go over, or completely declined if you are out of money.  There are going to be obvious loop holes and slack in the system, but this system seems like a pretty neat start. Combine this with a bank account that does bill pay and you might have something to work with."
It's generally the hype that blinds them. Unfortunately, as rare as it happens on the scale of the FB IPO - it shouldn't happen at all. But then again, if everyone was well educated, informed and risk averse - we wouldn't have losers in the market. Everyone can't keep winning forever!
Dude. If there was any farmer offering $30/hr there would be every rig hand in the country beating down his door right now. GTFO of here with this BS.   Edit: Actually I know exactly what this guy is talking about. Seasonal harvesting work. So yeah. It's $30/hr for 3 months of work at best. They do have trouble finding people that can afford to get out there because who is doing to give up a decent pay job for only 3 months of work? And who makes minimum wage has the means to up and relocate?
"I fear this question may be impossible to answer, beyond the options you already seem to know about.  It depends too much on the details of your situation, some of which you say you don't know.  If you don't even know how much debt you have, I think you're going to need some kind of professional advice to assess your situation.  One place to start is the National Foundation for Credit Counseling.  This organization can provide free or low-cost advice about your situation, including bankruptcy options. That said, the main missing piece I see in your question is your expenses.  The first thing you should ask yourself is: what am I spending money on, and can I stop spending on money on that in order to save and/or pay off debt instead?  You say that you can ""live comfortably paycheck to paycheck"" and ""routinely"" put money into savings.  Can you start living uncomfortably and thus put a lot more into savings, or towards debt repayment?  Whether this will work or not depends on how much debt you have, but it definitely needs to be part of your thought process. Likewise, if you continually are wiped out by unbudgeted expenses, start budgeting for them."
CFD providers typically offer CFDs to investors using either the direct market access (DMA) model or the market maker (MM) model. Direct Market Access The DMA model gives you access to trade the Underlying instrument on the relevant Exchange from which the CFD is then derived. All CFD Transactions under the DMA model have corresponding trades in the Underlying instrument. Under the DMA model, providers typically charge their clients Commission based on the notional contract value of the CFD. Market Maker The MM model uses the price of the Underlying instrument to derive the price of the CFD that is offered. Trading under the MM model does not necessarily mean that your CFD will be reflected by a corresponding trade in the Underlying instrument. Under the MM model each CFD Transaction creates a direct financial exposure for the provider, which may or may not be hedged in the Underlying instrument. Where the financial exposure is not hedged, the market risk may increase for the market maker. The MM model enables the provider to offer CFDs against synthetic assets, even if there is little Liquidity in the Underlying instrument, which can result in a wider range of products on offer than with the DMA model. Volatility and Illiquidity in the Underlying instrument can affect the pricing of MM CFDs.  The MM model can charge its clients Commission based on the notional contract value or it can incorporate costs and fees in the dealing Spread, which represents the difference in price at which the issuer is prepared to Buy and Sell the CFD. What Do I use and why? I have traded with both DMA and MM models and prefer the MM. The big advantage with MM is that they will provide a market even when the underlying is very illiquid and only might have a few trades each day.  Regarding the spread of the MM to the spread of the underlying, I have found the MM to be practically in line with the underlying spread about 95% of the time. The other 5% it may have been slightly wider than the spread of the underlying by usually 1c or 2c. Most MMs aim to give you the best spread they can because they want to keep your business. If they gave too wide a spread (compared to the underlying) it wouldn't be long before they had no customers.
"That is technically the ""rule of law"" but goes against the spirit of the ""rule of law"", which is the principle that people's rights should be protected by the law regardless of the demands of the many.   &gt;And really, who do you consider to be the ""mighty"" on this issue?   The mighty is those who use the force of government or the threat of violence (e.g. violent strikes) to prevent another party from exercising their contract liberty and firing them."
It's the promise of a dependent subscriber base a la Tassimo or Nespresso machine who change your juice business into a lifestyle money-printer.  This is also why finding out the DRM was useless was a spine-breaking allegation: even if the juices differentiated themselves on the market users could just run around the big pricey machine and subscription.
Not prohibitively expensive to the degree that it can't be done on accident. But it does go against the model of fast and cheap as possible.   I've worked in a few places built in a way that huge swaths of the building are almost impossible to get signal in.   There is a way for them to have their cake and eat it too but it would require a carrier being in cahoots with the company trying to control internet access on premise.
Online banking, including international wire transfers, works from (nearly) anywhere in the world; make sure to have it set up. You can also give someone power of attorney (authorization to act in your name, the bank must accept him as you), if you have someone you trust enough; or if not, give a lawyer power of attorney. You can do that even after the fact, while you are out of the country; you would work with an international lawyer company.
High-interest checking / savings accounts are often a better choice than CDs today for three reasons.  At the time this question was asked, CDs were probably a better answer as rates were much higher.  Since CD rates have plummeted in recent years, and because a CD is only semi-liquid, i.e., even if you ladder CDs, an early withdrawal fee often means foregoing the interest on that particular CD which you withdrew. 1.) On the other hand, high-interest checking and/or savings accounts are very viable options these days. There are several options available that earn ~1%+ APY. It's not quite that simple, and there are a few gotchas: If you run into the balance cap problem, of course nothing is stopping you from having multiple accounts across different banks. 2.) The high-interest bank accounts are fully liquid able to be liquidated at anytime (without foregoing interest). 3.) A minor benefit is that the high-yield savings account is low maintenance whereas CD laddering is pretty hands on and may require physical trips to your bank.  (If you know of a way to automate the process more, please comment or edit.)
&gt; It's more evidence that the government isn't really good at running anything.  Congress doesn't run the post office, they just interfer with it. If not for a 2006 law that required the post office to pre-fund their pension system to absurd levels they would have been close to profitable last year.   And if Congress would let them kill Saturday delivery in unprofitable areas like they want then they would doing fine.   &gt; It's partially because they don't have to worry about making a profit   Yes they do, the post office is not allowed to make a profit.
"People always use that place as an example when talking about the evils of the fast food industry. I love Chipotle as much as the next guy, but the place pretty much only serves giant expensive burritos. Their model could never scale up to something like McDonalds or Taco Bell.  I'm not disagreeing with you though. Calling Chipotle and Taco Bell ""pretty much the same thing"" is nuts."
&gt; Over months or years it causes iron deficiency and anemia, weight loss, tiredness and impaired mental function, especially in children, helping to trap them into the poverty in which the disease flourishes.  If you are someone who believes that people who don't make a living wage just need to apply themselves and learn new skills, do you think anything different should be done in communities with a hookworm problem?
So you operate under the assumption that people aren't already better.  To assume people are selfish is to be short sighted.  People are selfish in SOME WAYS, but people are selfless in others.  To operate without seeing both sides is to cut out at least half of your tool set.  The problem isn't how to stop people from being selfish, but how to use each aspect of the person to benefit themselves and society as a whole.
"Assuming you live in the US, it is quite normal when you are applying for a loan that the application will ask you to confirm your identity. One of these methods is to ask you which of the following addresses you have lived at, with some of them being very similar (i.e. same city, or maybe even the same street). Sometimes they will ask questions and your answer would be ""None of the above."" This is done to prevent fraudsters from applying for a loan under your identity. If you see no signs of unauthorized accounts or activities on your credit reports, and you initiated the car loan application, then you should be fine."
Hasbro is also in this mindset with a lot of their properties.  Look at how they handle the MyLittlePony thing going on. Every single episode of that cartoon is on YouTube in full 1080p, but Hasbro doesn't really care. They don't make money off the episodes, they make money off the merchandise so they let the episodes stay online.   Same thing with custom pony models and plushies, these things [sell on eBay for over $2000 using Hasbro's IPs](http://www.ebay.com/itm/Fluttershy-Galloping-Gala-Custom-Plush-My-Little-Pony-Friendship-is-Magic-/120792470190?nma=true&amp;si=lA3t7kbBPFukGe0nnpU9m4g7c7Y%3D&amp;orig_cvip=true&amp;rt=nc&amp;_trksid=p2047675.l2557). Yet even though all these things are a clear violation of their copyright, Hasbro just stands back and lets it run. That's one of the reasons the brony thing spread so fast as it did.
"Joe has explained how most mortgages work A mortgage is simply a loan backed by a property (and, because it's   both very large and very common, covered by some specific laws). As   such, the bank isn't an ""investor"" in your house; it simply is lending   you money with the property as collateral. So, it doesn't get any   share of the profit. However there are some mortgages when the bank takes part of the increase in the property value, e.g. Castletrust’s “But to Let Equity Loan” in the UK.  Other products allows a old person to take money out of their property in exchange for say 60% of what the property sells for on their death. Islamic mortgages also work in a different way as interest is not allowed to be charged.  For example Unlike a conventional mortgage where the purchaser borrows money from   a lender which is then repaid with interest, Al Rayan Bank's Sharia   compliant Islamic mortgage alternatives (Home Purchase Plans or HPP)   are based upon the Islamic finance principles of a Co-Ownership   Agreement (Diminishing Musharaka) with Leasing (Ijara)."
I think he could sell for about 6 or 9 months out of the year.   If he wanted to cash in, he could just resign.   He makes no salary so that is no harm to him.   He is in the top spot simply because he is the best man to lift share prices.
Is it any different than if I decide to put similar amount of money in 401(k) at some other time of the year?  Not from a tax standpoint, but if can affect a few other things: Since the earnings difference is likely negligible (you miss out on returns for only a few months), I would look at other conditions -  In the long run it probably won't make much difference, but knocking out obstacles to wealth building can give you a sense of accomplishment that will encourage smart money decisions going forward.
Something I've not heard mentioned in any of the answers is that (at least for me) owing some tax money is better than having a refund from a ID theft/fraud/security aspect. The US IRS has been hacked several times recently and there have been cases of fraudulent tax refunds being filed and tax refund checks being cashed by ID thieves. Well, if you owe a bit of tax then you're less of a target for fraudulent tax refunds being filed in your name. Even in the case that you were unlucky enough to have had your identity stolen, at least you don't have to deal with the IRS trying to sort a mess like that up. Thus, (IMO) it's better to owe a bit of tax, than to have a small refund, or any refund for that matter. Ideally, you want to get to zero dollars owed like you suggested, but that's often pretty hard to do. So, the next best thing is to owe a bit. One should try to calculate tax liability quartely or if income changes, adjust your withholding, so that you get closer to zero tax.
"&gt;With their customer base, they can literally choose segments of the market and dismantle them.  Or so you think.  And of course everyone else will be ""powerless"" to oppose them, and all of their users will simply follow like sheep...  Wow. Delusional."
Ummm, yeah, if you'd like to explain to me how Google is performing poorly, that'd be great. I'd like to have that in a post by tomorrow.   Total revenue has jumped 51% from last year. Just taking a quick look at their financial statements their revenue has increased 1.9 billion from quarter before, to 14.1 billion. Their cash and cash converts are up about 2.5 billion from the quarter before. Finally, their total equity for the company is up about 3.5 billion from the quarter before.  Not bad. If you think this is a bad quarter, I'd love to see what their good quarters are.  What's weighing them down is the buying of Motorola for 13.5 billion. But think about it, they have revenues of that in just *one* quarter. And even more have enough cash to buy Motorola in *cash* 3 times over and still have some left over.
"well said. securitization of mortgages is a huge reason. anyone involved in the sale of loans was as guilty as the people who took on stupid loans.  by being able to turn a mortgage into a CDO, they were able to divvy up the risk and pass it on to investors... little slices at a time. you make the sale, get your sweet commission, wash your hands of the risk, and live happily ever after.   obviously way more complicated and more cogs in the machine than just the two parties mentioned, but it was a situation where everyone was making money and no one wanted to stop and say ""hmm... let's check some numbers on this."""
I have lived in five of the 7 continents. Yes, I have been outside my house. Part of that time was in third world countries where you get to see what it looks like when you don't have basic government services.   &gt; And I don't know where the hell you live but I have to pay for my own internet, had to pay to get the lines put in too.  Did you pay for the interstate which allowed for those cables to be brought to your state? The transportation and security that imported those cables if they weren't made in the USA? Did you pay for the installation of the utilities that made it possible for you to even have power in your house?   The answer to all these is yes, through your taxes.
I never said America is doomed, you said that. Does America not have kind and good people in it, who are getting robbed of their lively hood and home?   They Make up the 99%, there is really going to be no place to hide
Here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content:   * [Hillary Clinton in Russian nuclear company Rosatom’s case over Uranium One illegal acquisition in US](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/78fob8/hillary_clinton_in_russian_nuclear_company/) on /r/worldnews with 1 karma (created at 2017-10-24 21:20:25 by /u/Cmgredditim)  ----   ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot  ^^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index)-[Code](https://github.com/PokestarFan/DuplicateBot)-[Bugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypgmx/bugs_and_problems/)-[Suggestions](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/comments/6ypg85/suggestion_for_duplicatesbot/)-[Block](https://www.reddit.com/r/DuplicatesBot/wiki/index#wiki_block_bot_from_tagging_on_your_posts)  ^^Now ^^you ^^can ^^remove ^^the ^^comment ^^by ^^replying ^^delete!
Yes, #2: the Hackathon prize money counts as income, but a donation to charity is a deductible charitable gift. For more background and a few scenarios: http://people.opposingviews.com/deductible-donor-donates-prize-2517.html
"You should be aware that the IRS considers all gifts of cash or cash equivalents from an employer (the partnership in this case) to an employee (your husband in this case) to be wages, regardless of what the transfer is called by either party, or how it is transferred. I'd strongly recommend that you review IRS publications 535 and 15-B, which are linked in my response to the question that littleadv referred to above. I would also recommend speaking with a lawyer, as in this case, you have knowledge of the income and would not be able to claim an ""innocent spouse"" provision if he is convicted of tax evasion/fraud. Good luck."
"As has been said before: Tell stories. I got a job with an awesome hotel company because I told a story of how I worked for my dad when I was 5, making change and telling his customers to ""have a good day"". This story showed my lifelong commitment to hospitality and the kind of spirit I would pass on to their guests. So find a story about yourself that shows how you embody a key tenet of the spirit of your company and tell that story. Smile while you tell it, remember it fondly, and use that to sell just how PERFECT you are for them."
Source:- Registering for VAT You must register for VAT with HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) if your business’ VAT taxable turnover is more than £82,000. You can register voluntarily if it’s below this, unless everything you sell is exempt.
Amazon should buy Best Buy. They are the best showroom after all...  Edit: Just think about it. You walk in, see the thing you want and order it there with your amazon account, and it shows up at your house in the next two days. You want to take it home right now? Okay, fine, that'll be +2% mark-up for an inventory fee.  if you think about it, that's kind of what happens now, except you have to go home to put your order in.
$33K, $227 payment is 7.33%. But is that right? You're also stretching out the remaining loan back to 30 years.  Now, if the bank just let you do the stretch, you'd owe $95K / 4.75% / 360 mo / PMT = $495.56 - this would be a neutral move, same rate. You now have: $128K / 5.625% / 360 / PMT = $737 so to my thinking, the delta is: $33K / X rate / 360 / PMT = $241.44 and the rate is 7.97% If you have enough equity to refi, you have enough to take that in a HELOC, and pay it off aggressively, why give up the great rate? The $227/mo you will pay the HELOC off in 22 years even at 6%. My HELOC is 2.5%. I'd use any raise or bonus to hack away at it.  I tried to spell out my thought process on the math. If any savvy reader (you all are, I know) wants to look at this and offer a better method, I'm open minded. There's a fallacy that comes with refinancing, certainly money appears in the payment stream as a result of extending the term. Somewhere that needs to be accounted for, else a higher rate at a longer term appears favorable, so my approach is to normalize the numbers one way or another. Here, producing that first step of calculating the payment on the extended term (an interim step that's a mental process only, that loan is hypothetical).  Comments welcome.
"It's interesting that the federal government actually has a set of criteria they use to fight against gangs by labeling them as ""Transnational Crime Group.""  What would happen if they applied the same standards to these corporations?  How similar are their current strategies for dealing with both?"
Hola, I am a nontraditional student, meaning I am in my 30's. I was laid off in 2009 because of the economy and was encouraged by the unemployment agency to goto school AND get student loans. Now I am completeley screwed!!! Are any of you out there screwed because of student loans? AMA!
If you're a customer, TD Ameritrade has a really robust alerting system.
"Yeah raising taxes while devaluing the currency is a winning strategy to spur consumer spending and increase economic growth...Oh wait Japanese citizens are by and large broke (like Americans and Europeans)... so they won't be spending additional money they don't have. Oh yeah and the tax hikes only serve to eat into economic growth as it diverts existing consumption away from the greater economy towards the government. Brilliant!  Abenomics was all talk and no substance from the get go when he pounded his chest about it. I just rolled my eyes as I read the article thinking this wasn't going to end well. The fact that his ""strategy"" ended up including shaming companies publicly for not giving pay raises was ridiculous. Apparently Abe is ignorant of the fact that South Korea and China among other competitors are out competing Japanese businesses... which is a strong disincentive for them to add on additional wage costs for no reason, despite Abe's politically motivated school yard bullying."
A home upgrade is akin to make your home wonderful- in terms of strength as well as appearance. Be it interior or exterior, both angles are distinguished, but connected with a thread. If the exterior is superb, then the interior should be second-to-none or vice-versa.
To mhoran's point, yes, the company, TIAA-CREF is valid. I'd focus on the expenses -   Their S&P fund (Index US Large Cap Equity Portfolio) shows a .11% total fee. You might choose this one, or others, but this number looks great to me. We are in an investment world where fees are still often over 1%, and we are conditioned to think anything less is a good fee. For me, the goal is less than .25% in your retirement fund, college savings, etc.
In simple terms : Equity Loan is money borrowed from the bank to buy assets which can be houses , shares etc Protected equity loan is commonly used in shares where you have a portfolio of shares and you set the minimum value the portfolio can fall to . Anything less than there may result in a sell off of the share to protect you from further capital losses.  This is a very brief explaination , which does not fully cover what Equity Loan && Protected Equity Loan really mean
You should invest in that with the best possible outcome.  Right now that is in yourself.  Your greatest wealth building tool, at this point, is your future income.  As such anything you can do to increase your earnings potential.  For some that might mean getting an engineering degree, for others it might mean starting a small business.  For some it is both obtaining a college degree and learning about business. A secondary thing to learn about would be personal finance. I would hold off on stocks, at this time, until you get your first real job and you have an emergency fund in place. Penny stocks are worthless, forget about them. Bonds have their place, but not at this point in your life.   Saving up for college and obtaining a quality education, debt free, should be your top priority. Saving up for emergencies is a secondary priority, but only after you have more than enough money to fund your college education. You can start thinking about retirement, but you need a career to help fund your savings plan.  Put that off until you have such a career. Investing in stocks, at this juncture, is a bit foolish.  Start a career first.  Any job you take now should be seen as a step towards a larger goal and should not define who you are.
working full time for low wages, does force a family to take government assistance. It is a way my business and others who pay a living wage while still paying our taxes subsidized the mega businesses destroying america like walmart.  Sorry but if you have a family  cant get another job with better pay and have to work 40 hours for min wage, you are going to use government assistance.
No.  There is no guarantee that credit card issuing banks will always use 0% introductory rates to entice anyone.
This answer assumes that your purpose for using the ESPP is to generate a relatively safe 15% return on that portion of your income. Frequently before there were Roth 401K options the advice was:  This advice was especially good for the younger workers because they wanted to have a Roth account but didn't want to miss the 401K match. As Roth 401K accounts were introduced that advice changed somewhat because it was possible to get the benefit of the Roth and still get the  maximum match. for your situation what I would propose is: contribute to the 401K enough to get the maximum match.  Contribute as much as you want or are allowed into the ESPP. Take the proceeds and contribute to an IRA or Roth IRA. If you reach the IRA max you have to decide if you will scale back the ESPP to contribute more to the 401K.
So what you're saying is if the janitor got a degree in a lesser paying field, he should be entitled to that 100k as a janitor. Ok.   Just because you went to college doesn't mean your job takes more skill, or is harder.  My ex also has a brother who didn't go to college and got a bomb ass job at EA games as a programmer. I guess he deserves minimum wage.
You're young.  Build a side business in your spare time.  Invest in yourself.  Fail a few times when you have some time to recover financially. Use the money that you would have let sit in some account and develop your skills, start up an LLC, and build up the capacity to get some real returns on your money. Be a rainmaker, not a Roth taker.
"Your son is in the right. But he broke the ""unwritten"" rules, which is why the car dealer is upset. Basically, cars are sold in the United States at a breakeven price. The car company makes ALL its money on the financing. If everyone bought ""all cash,"" the car companies would not be profitable. No one expected anyone, least of all your son, a ""young person,"" to pay ""all cash."" When he did, they lost all the profit on the deal. On the other hand, they signed a contract, your son met all the FORMAL requirements, and if there was an ""understanding"" (an assumption, actually), that the car was supposed to be financed, your son was not part of it.  Good for him. And if necessary, you should be prepared to back him up on court."
we have 5 customers already lined up, and like 15 who are very interested in our service. So like I said, we definitely dont need sales for the next 6 months, probably not for a year. which is great.
Also, unless I missed it and someone already mentioned it, do keep in mind the impact of these credit cards balances on your credit score. Over roughly 75% usage on a given credit account reflects badly on your score and has a pretty large impact on how your worthiness is calculated. It gives the impression that you are a person that lives month to month on cards, etc. If you could get both cards down to reasonable balances to where you could begin paying on them regularly and work them down over time, that will not only look incredible for your credit report but also immediately begin making your credit worthiness begin to raise due to the fact that you will not have accounts that (I'm assuming here) are at very high usage (over 75% of your total limit.) If you have to get one card knocked out just to get breathing room, and you're boxed in here -- or honestly even if the mental stress is causing you incredible hardship day to day, then I suppose blow one card out of the water, reassess and start getting to work on that second card. I hope this helped, I'm no expert, but I have had every kind of luck with credit cards and accounts you could think of, so I can only give my experience from the rubber-meets-the-road perspective. Good luck!
I definitely agree with this. Before I could get federal or state loans I had to do this online orientation and while you probably could skip most of it and click accept I actually read through and am competent in how the interest works and how even though not paying until after graduation is an option that'll increase my total loans by like 50%. Almost every other student I've talked to with student loans has little to no knowledge as to how interest works and how it applies to their loans.    And the choosing what to study. Because while it is nice to study something fun if you can't practically get a decent paying job in your field then you have a lot of knowledge and nothing to do with it.
I'd definitely say I have doubt in their potential for future growth.   Some say all they have to do is continue to grow their user base. The problem there is they don't have very much expansion area among the US population, and only a bit more among western nations in general. Of US internet users, about 70% are already on facebook, and the rest are largely people who will never signup, or people who have had facebook and moved away from it. Outside of the US, facebook has significant competition to deal with. China and India already have established facebook competitors that won't make it easy for them to grow their. Russia is the same. Countries like Germany, France, and England have the same saturation issues as the US.  Some say all facebook needs to do is spur ad clicks. The problem there is more and more facebooking is done via mobile apps, where the existing UI's don't even have ads. I'm sure the official Facebook app will start to incorporate ads down the road, but there's still the issue of not many people click them, ever.   I really just don't see where their growth will come from.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/amaaggregator] [IAMA, Matthew May, COO of financial startup Acuity, here to answer all of your business finance questions. AMA! (x-post from r\/entrepreneur)](https://np.reddit.com/r/AMAAggregator/comments/6ft9qd/iama_matthew_may_coo_of_financial_startup_acuity/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
I got a Capital One credit card because they don't charge a fee for transactions in foreign currencies. So I only use it when I travel abroad. At home, I use 3 different credit cards, each offering different types of rewards (cash back on gas, movies, restaurants, online shopping etc).
"Others are very correct to indicate you NEED to put numbers on it. Exactly how much debt are you talking about? What kind of interest are you paying on it? Put that against your income (on a spreadsheet) and then start charting your monthly expenses. Now add in a ""fudge"" factor for the unexpected like car repairs or other unknown that appear from time to time. Once you do that you'll be staring straight at ""reality"" otherwise it's just fiction and guesswork. As Mrs. John isn't working she should be doing everything possible to help you save. Great saving ideas include: Buying in bulk and portioning food in the freezer. Preparing bulk meals like Chili, rice dishes, noodle dishes and thing you can prepare for 1/5th the cost of eating out, portion and freeze meals. Wash dishes in the sink, use cold water (but buy good soap, you'll use much less). Take short showers, save energy everywhere you can. If it's cold, dress warm even at home and if it's warm, undress to the tasteful limits. Minimize heat and AC use. Do you NEED cable and all the channels? So much to view online. You and she may need to find creative ways to earn money, if she's paying off student loans then she has a degree, use it! Can't find a job? Be a consultant, go sell yourself and find some work. It's out there but may take work to find work. If she's disabled than look into government subsidies to assist. If not, then find work that needs to be done and go do it. Time to get busy!"
"I live in the UK so it's a little different but generally you'd have one account (a current account) which would have a Visa/MasterCard debit card associated before working and any high street bank (don't know what the US equivalent would be, but big banks such as HSBC/Santander) will offer you a savings account which pays a v small amount of interest as well as bonds as all sorts. From what I know most people have their salary paid into their current account (which would be the spending account with a card associated) and would transfer a set amount to a savings account. Personally, I have a current account and a few different saving accounts (which do not have cards associated). One savings account has incoming transfers/money received and I can use online banking to transfer that to my current account ""instantly"" (at least I've done it standing at ATM's and the money is there seconds later - but again this is the UK, not US). This way, my primary current account never has more than £10-15 in it, whenever I know I need money I'll transfer it from the instant access account. This has saved me before when I've been called by my bank for transactions a few £100 each which would have been authorised I kept all my money in my current account. If you don't have money (and dont have an overdraft!) what are they meant to do with it? The other savings account I had setup so that I could not transfer money out without going into a branch with ID/etc, less to stop someone stealing my money and more to be physically unable to waste money on a Friday if I don't arrive at the bank before 4/5PM, so saves a lot of time. US banking is a nightmare, I don't imagine any of this will translate well and I think if you had your salary paid into your savings on a Friday and missed the bank with no online banking facilities/transfers that aren't instant you'd be in a lot of trouble. If the whole ""current + instant access savings account"" thing doesn't work to well, I'm sure a credit/charge (!!!) card will work instead of a separate current account. Spend everything on that (within reason and what you can pay back/afford to pay stupid interest on) on a card with a 0% purchase rate and pay it back using an account you're paid into but is never used for expenses, some credit cards might even reward you for this type of thing but again, credit can be dangerous. A older retired relative of mine has all of his money in one account, refuses a debit card from the bank every time he is offered (he has a card, but it isn't a visa/mastercard, it's purely used for authentication in branch) and keeps that in a safe indoors! Spends everything he needs on his credit card and writes them a sort of cheque (goes into the bank with ID and signs it) for the full balance when his statement arrives. No online banking! No chance of him getting key logged any time soon. tldr; the idea of separating the accounts your money goes in (salary wise) and goes out (spending) isn't a bad idea. that is if wire transfers don't take 3-5 days where you are aha."
I love how the spokespeople in the article basically try to pass it off as 'no big deal' or 'we reacted right away'. I don't believe any of that for an instant. I have been in several Kmart stores and they almost always have a leaking ceiling...and not a tiny leak either. They've even have a couple stores roofs completely collapse in heavy snowstorms over the past few years. It's amazing that some of the buildings are legally habitable.
I am not a lawyer.  In the United States, this does not look like theft to me.  If the seller acted in good faith, theft does not apply.  It seems that the purchaser of the inventory is in receipt of stolen goods.  These can be recovered from the purchaser (the police will assist).  The purchaser then has some recourse against the seller.
Major things to consider: If you're expecting to look at the property market: it might prove to be sensible to start doing it now, since the market is just recovering, and (IMHO warning -I'm not a professional investor, just a random guy on the internet) prices still hasn't caught up with value fundamentals.  check out cash ISA's for a 24-36 month timeframe; most do a reasonable 3-4% AER, with the current inflation rate being around 4%, this will, at the very least, make sure your money doesn't loose it's purchasing power. Finally, a word of caution: SIPPs have a rather rubbish AER rates. This, by itself, wouldn't be much of a problem on a 30-40 years timeframe, but keep the (current, and historically strictly monotonically increasing) 4% inflation rate in mind: this implies the purchasing power of any money tied in these vehicles will  loose it's purchasing power, in a compounding manner. Hope this helps, let me know if you have any questions.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:  - [/r/talkbusiness] [Which mutual fund have you invested in?](https://np.reddit.com/r/talkbusiness/comments/780emx/which_mutual_fund_have_you_invested_in/)  [](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*  [](#bot)
unless you're goinna say Final Cut Pro (and not X), there's not really many programs you can say that doesn't have a version on the PC that's at least semi industry standard.  And besides that, artists don't make much of a living. I was down that route for a while. the industries are shit.
You might want to check again on the whole best standard of living thing. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/news/countries-with-the-highest-standard-of-living-social-progress-index/ Not even in top 12. We also have by far the highest incarceration rate in the world, housing more prisoners than China with 1/4 the population. Our infant mortality rate is the highest in the developed world. Our healthcare is also the worst in developed countries and even some developing ones despite paying more for it than in any other country in the world. We rank near last in education despite also paying the most for it. It's is almost as if adding a profit motive to social services results in the highest costs with the lowest output. Europe is doing great actually, pretty much is the reverse of all these statistics.
FAQ on Alibaba Fair Play Fund: We also continue to assist buyers and suppliers in attempting to settle business disputes. In cases where a complaint of fraud against a supplier is substantiated, that supplier is immediately removed and banned from our platform. If the supplier was a paying member, the supplier forfeits their subscription fee. Forfeited fees are the source of our new Fair Play Fund, which aims to help buyers recover some of their financial losses given that they can demonstrate they were defrauded by a supplier using our platform.
DRiPs come to mind as something that may be worth examining. If you take the Microsoft example, consider what would happen if you bought additional shares each year by re-investing the dividends and the stock also went up over the years. A combination of capital appreciation in the share price plus the additional shares purchased over time can produce a good income stream over time. The key is to consider how long are you contributing, how much are you contributing and what end result are you expecting as some companies can have larger dividends if you look at REITs for example.
In today's market being paid 1% for risk and free access money is pretty darn good.  If 50k is what you feel comfortable with an emergency fund, then you are doing a fine enough job. To me that is a lot to keep in an emergency fund, however several factors play into this: We both drive older cars, so I also keep enough money around to replace one of them.   Considering all that I keep a specific amount in savings that for me earns .89%.  Some of that is kept in our checking accounts which earns nothing. You have to go through some analysis of your own situation and keep that amount where it is. If that amount is less than 50K, you have some money to play with.  Here are some options:
Why don't we just repeal Nixon's Health Maintenance Organization Act so that the health care system isn't allowed to profit off of patients anymore? Oh ya, because the fascist system wants to implement a certain solution so they have to keep the things that create the problem.
Yep, this. In the sand the smart guys bought these neckerchiefs filled with really absorbent beads. Soak 'em in icewater for a bit and they stay cold for hours.  If these weren't on hand we learned to get ice cubes when we could and wrap them in a shemagh/keffiyeh which went around the neck.
"&gt; The long-run goal is to eliminate poverty through wealth creation. If that makes for some weird new social interactions, I'd say that's a reasonable cost.  Yes, I agree but there's a problem if we ""allow"" income inequality to become so rampant it causes macro-geopolitical issues. I'm not sure how that would be solved, it seems almost inherent in a captalistic model. I suppose mitigating rent seeking in favour of actual wealth creation and spreading meritocracy in proportion rather than exponentiality might be a start. The current wave of green energy, climate change and focus on health might be an indirect mitigating factor to this. Perhaps the limitation of land is the *real* issue. Space colonization would be an interesting scenario but there's likely a lot of time before that happens.  &gt; I mention comparing to earlier periods simply as a measure of progress to determine whether or not there is a problem that needs correction, such as a specific group in society experiencing real wage stagnation, or truly anemic growth rates relative to earlier periods. It's the slope of the trend line for each group that I'd be worried about, where linear or exponential is good, and logarithmic should indicate a potential crisis.  That actually makes sense.  &gt; Ultimately, I believe that it's not a persons absolute circumstances that matter, but the rate at which those circumstances are improving throughout their lives that most strongly affects their subjective well-being (but that's just my theory).  I have not read enough in both economics or human psychology to really have an opinion on this but so far, I would lean towards an agreement.  &gt; As for real estate costs, you're absolutely correct that this is a problem, but it's as easily explainable problem. Supply is artificially constrained in most of the US due to the need for explicit government permission (in the form of building permits and zoning laws) in order to build new units. Basic economics says that when supply is artificially restricted, prices will rise.  I'm on the fence on this issue because real estate is based on rent seeking and promotion of debt slavery. While I won't argue against the principle of government restriction -&gt; higher prices, what exactly keeps private interests from raising living cost as high as it can? Even in the developed world people spend as much as half of their income on rent / mortgage alone. Other than competition of course but in a high competitive area the incentive is to eat up market share. The laws of accumulation would then argue that in the end a few, large institutions would own the majority of residential homes and living apartments. They can now set their own prices and that will, in effect, be as bad as government regulation."
The difference is that for the one year time frame the data is represented based on daily data and the SMA is 20 days, whilst for the 5 year timeframe the data is automatically represented as weekly data with the SMA represented by 20 weeks not 20 days anymore. This happens due to daily data on this chart being too much data to represent over a 5 year period so the data defaults to weekly data over such a long period. If the chart is represented as weekly data then any indicators will also have to be represented in weekly data. If you use a more sophisticated charting program you can actually select to see daily or weekly data over longer periods such as 5 years or more.
"You report it when the expense was incurred/accrued. Which is, in your case, 2014. There's no such thing as ""accounts payable"" on tax forms, it is an account on balance sheet, but most likely it is irrelevant for you since your LLC is probably cash-based. The reimbursement is a red-herring, what matters is when you paid the money."
There is very little difference these days between account types. The fee structure and interest paid is different, but the actual mechanics, and as noted by others, the coverage by deposit insurance is identical. So look at how much money you have in the account(s) you have; are you maximizing the interest that you could be receiving, even from the small amounts that the banks will pay? If you could get more interest from the savings account, and only write one or two cheques per month, you might be better off with that account only; but given common fee structures, you likely would not want that as your primary account. Another reason for separate accounts is more psychological.  You might be able to train yourself to not dip in to your savings if you don't have a chequebook.
It depends on the selling price, but if we can assume the property will be sold at a profit, they are getting a pretty sweet deal at your expense. They are both getting about 5.2% interest on their money, plus the lion's share of any property appreciation. I would say that fair would be either of:
Most bank registers (where you write down entries) show deposits (+) to account as a CREDIT. Payments, fees, and withdrawals are DEBITs to your bank accounnt. On loans such as credit card accounts, a credit to your loan account is a payment or other reductions of the amount you owe. A charge to your account is a DEBIT to you loan account. They did this just to confuse us!
What an amazing success story.   Because Bezos owns both Wa Po and Amazon, Trump has been tweeting several threats to break up and tax Amazon.   He is threatening to destroy all that wealth in order to silence the journalists at Wa Po.     https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/889675644396867584
"&gt; how the market going up and down in dramatic fashions due to speculative behavior by traders (of any kind) should have the power to decide the worth of thousands of companies going about their normal business.  Wow. I don't even know where to start.  First: why shouldn't traders be able to decide (as a group) what the companies are worth? If not them, who? Some committee you and your friends in the government get to appoint?  Second: do you really think that intraday (or even intraweek) prices are really representative of what ""the market"" thinks a company is valued at?   Third: compared to the effect of long term buy and holders changing their mind about a company, the effect of any HFT people on the valuation of a stock is practically nothing - like I said, there's just about no evidence of speculators causing significant mispricing over any significant period.   Fourth: there's no credible evidence that outside of individual events like the Knight Capital farce HFT has actually increased volatility."
Yes for sure.  It would be redundant.  I have three of them, so what.  Its just more money in retirement.  I would prefer a ROTH IRA in your tax bracket and you next employer may not offer that.   And yes there are tax breaks either putting money in to a IRA or if you go the Roth route, on the way out.   So if you put money in a Roth now you will have some money at your tax rate in 40 years from now.  And if you put money in a traditional IRA when you are an employee you will save on the tax rate you are at then.  So you are hedging you bets on tax rates by paying them in two different decade.  Personally we are probably all on a tax holiday right now and I would be that taxes will be higher in the future as they are historically pretty low right now.
"As others have pointed out, there are often many factors that are contributing to a stock's movement other than the latest news.  In particular, the overall market sentiment and price movement very often is the primary driver in any stock's change on a given day.   But in this case, I'd say your anecdotal observation is correct: All else equal, announcements of layoffs tend to drive stock prices upwards. Here's why: To the public, layoffs are almost always a sign that a company is willing to do whatever is needed to fix an already known and serious problem. Mass layoffs are brutally hard decisions.  Even at companies that go through cycles of them pretty regularly, they're still painful every time.  There's a strong personal drain on the chain of executives that has to decide who loses their livelihood.  And even if you think most execs don't care (and I think you'd be wrong) it's still incredibly distracting.   The process takes many weeks, during which productivity plummets. And it's demoralizing to everyone when it happens. So companies very rarely do it until they think they have to.  By that point, they are likely struggling with some very publicly known problems - usually contracting (or negative) margins.   So, the market's view of the company at the time just before layoffs occur is almost always, ""this company has problems, but is unable or unwilling to solve them."".  Layoffs signal that both of those possibilities are incorrect.  They suggest that the company believes that layoffs will fix the problem, and that they're willing to make hard calls to do so. And that's why they usually drive prices up."
I'm a caucasian male and get a pat down every time I fly, although to be fair I only fly a few times per year (maybe 5 round trips tops, average 1-2) so I could just be getting bitch slapped by statistics due to small sample set. Still aggravates me.
"In addition to the answers provided above, the weight the Dow uses to determine the index is not the market capitalization of the company involved. That means that companies like Google and Apple with very high share prices and no particular inclination to split could adversely effect the Dow, turning it into essentially the ""Apple 